Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 12

Suit No 371 of 2020

Between

| B High House International  
Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| MCDP Phoenix Services  
Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Michael Carbonara  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Agency — Principal — Undisclosed]

[Agency — Third party and principal’s relations — Contractual relations]

[Commercial transactions — Sale of services — Breach of contract]

[Contract — Breach]

[Contract — Illegality and public policy — Gaming and wagering]

[Trusts — Accessory liability — Acts amounting to assistance]

[Trusts — Breach of trust]

[Trusts — Constructive trusts]

* * *

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
B High House International Pte Ltd

  
v

  

MCDP Phoenix Services Pte Ltd and another

[2023] SGHC 12

General Division of the High Court — S 371 of 2020  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
19, 20, 21, 22, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29 April, 4 August, 27 September 2022

17 January 2023

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

Introduction

1 Where contractual obligations are concerned, it is trite that only parties
to the contract have the standing to sue and enforce those contractual
obligations: see Timothy Liau, “Privity: Rights, Standing, and the Road Not
Taken” (2021) 41(3) Oxford Journal of Legal Studies 803; The “Dolphina” [2012]
1 SLR 992 at [185]. In any contractual dispute, it is therefore prudent to
ask, as a starting point, who the parties to the contract are – or if there is
indeed a contract between the parties – if one seeks to base their cause of
action in contract; and this is especially pertinent in the context of modern
contracts, where parties often deal through intermediaries (see eg: B2C2 Ltd v
Quoine Pte Ltd [2019] 4 SLR 17 at [127] and [131]. See also Paul S Davies and
Tan Cheng-Han, Intermediaries in Commercial Law (Hart Publishing, 2022)
(“Intermediaries in Commercial Law”)).

2 This was, more or less, the crux of the dispute in the present case
notwithstanding the multitude of ways in which the Plaintiff chose to frame
its case in its pleadings. In gist, the Plaintiff claimed that it had entered
into a contract with the 1st Defendant for the provision of payment processing
services, and that the 1st Defendant had breached its contractual obligations.
The Plaintiff’s case against the 2nd Defendant was that he had induced the 1st
Defendant to breach its contractual obligations. In response, the Defendants
claimed that there was no contract between the Plaintiff and the 1st
Defendant. They contended that the action should have been brought against a
Mr Daniel Berger (“Mr Berger”) who was actually the contracting party to the
contract with the Plaintiff. The 1st Defendant denied that Mr Berger was its
agent and/or that he had the authority to enter into the contract with the
Plaintiff on their behalf.

3 After considering the evidence adduced at trial and parties’ written
submissions, I dismissed the Plaintiff’s claim. These are the reasons for my
decision.

Facts

The parties

4 The Plaintiff is B High House International Pte Ltd – a company incorporated
in Singapore. The Plaintiff is in the business of managing and collecting
payments for the group of companies to which it belongs. To that end, the
Plaintiff processes payment transactions and manages, collects and recovers
payments from customers (“third party customers”) of its principal affiliates.
Specifically, in respect of the monies claimed by the Plaintiff in these
proceedings, it is not disputed that these monies were from payments made by
customers of the Plaintiff’s principal, Blue High House SA (“Blue SA”) on the
latter’s website BetOnline.ag. To facilitate the collection and processing of
payments from third party customers, the Plaintiff maintains a worldwide
network of third-party processing agents. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 1, Set Down Bundle (“SDB”) at p
5.

5 The 1st Defendant is MCDP Phoenix Services Pte Ltd – a company incorporated
in Singapore. It is a full service global financial services provider, and
provides, amongst other things, payment processing services, software
solutions in respect of financial services and remittance services. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Michael Carbonara Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 30 January 2022
(“Michael Carbonara AEIC”) at para 10.

The 2nd Defendant is Mr Michael Carbonara (“Mr Carbonara”), an American
national. He is the sole shareholder, Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) as well
as the Managing Director of the 1st Defendant. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Michael Carbonara AEIC at para 1.

While the Plaintiff alleged that Mr Carbonara was the alter ego of MCDP, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 3, SDB at p 6.

both the Defendants denied this. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 5, SDB at p 33; 2nd
Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 2) at para 5, SDB at p 70.

6 The parties presented starkly different accounts of their relationships, as
well as their relationship with the Third Party to this suit, Mr Berger,
during the period 2019 to 2020. Mr Berger did not appear in these proceedings.
As I will explain in these written grounds, whether the Plaintiff could
succeed in its claim ultimately turned on whether it could adduce sufficient
evidence to support its account of the relationships between the parties and
the obligations they owed each other.

7 Before I set out the parties’ respective accounts of events, I outline
briefly below how payment processing works in general.

A brief explanation of payment processing

8 For the majority of consumers in the modern world, cashless payment has all
but become the norm. The ubiquitous card reader or QR code awaits at the
checkout counter: with a simple tap of a credit card or mobile phone, payment
has been made, and the consumer is free to depart with their purchases. But
behind the simple act of tapping of one’s card on a payment terminal lies an
entire system which supports the simple convenience of cashless payment. In
its simplest form, a payment processing service is one which enables credit
card or online payments to be made to a merchant. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 51.

There are numerous service providers in the payment processing ecosystem, and
they differ in both the scope and suite of services provided. Some service
providers may provide the entire range of services necessary to enable
payments from a customer to a merchant whilst others may only cater to a
specific type of service. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff Closing Submissions at para 51, Mr Hartung’s AEIC at 2AEIC p 475.

A service provider does not necessarily need to provide a particular service
themselves – they may engage the functions of other service providers in order
to do so on their behalf.

9 These are the basic stages of payment processing:

(a) The customer purchases goods or services from the merchant by either
entering his card details into a point-of-sale terminal or an online payment
gateway, or tapping his credit or debit card on the card reader.

(b) The payment information will be sent to the acquiring bank. The acquiring
bank processes the payment transaction for the merchant. It does so by sending
the payment information to the respective card networks (ie, Visa or
Mastercard) who in turn sends the information on to the issuing bank (ie, the
bank which issued the credit or debit card to the customer).

(c) The acquiring bank identifies which transactions belong to a particular
merchant, or payment processor, through the issuance of a Merchant
Identification Number (“MID”) to the relevant merchant or payment processor.
This MID is associated with a merchant account.

(d) The issuing bank decides whether to approve or decline a particular
transaction based on its own parameters. The card networks, the acquiring
bank, the merchant and the customer are eventually notified as to whether the
transaction has been approved or declined.

(e) If the payment transaction is approved, the issuing bank then sends the
funds to the acquiring bank which then remits these funds (less any fees
charged) to the merchant.

(f) The role of the payment processor is to act as the intermediary between
the merchant and the acquiring bank. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 54.

Plaintiff’s account of events

Mr Berger’s role

10 The Plaintiff claimed that Mr Berger was a sales representative who would
match, arrange or refer online merchant clients to the Defendants in return
for a commission. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 4.

The Plaintiff claimed to have been approached by Mr Berger on or around 15
August 2019 and to have been told by him that he was the representative of
various interrelated companies which provided payment processing services. Mr
Berger said he could procure one of these entities to provide payment
processing services to BHH. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 4.

This arrangement would involve the use of merchant accounts with an acquirer
bank in Mexico. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 4.

This Mexican bank was Banco Ahorro Famsa SA 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 4 and 13, SDB at p 20.

(“Famsa Bank”), and it was used to collect and receive customers’ credit and
debit card payments. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 3, SDB at p 6

How MCDP came to be appointed as the Plaintiff’s payment processing entity

11 On the same day, 15 August 2019, Mr Berger and the Plaintiff’s
representative, Ms Vanessa Meza (“Ms Meza”, who appears to have gone by the
alias “Sloane Stone” in all the communications relevant to this suit), held a
Skype teleconference in which they discussed and agreed on the terms of the
engagement (“the Payment Processing Agreement”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 6.

According to the Plaintiff, the essential terms of the Payment Processing
Agreement were as follows:

(a) Mr Berger was to procure a company (“the Processing Entity”) to process
payments for and on behalf of the Plaintiff. It was understood by the parties
that the identity of the Processing Entity was to be confirmed subsequently.

(b) The processing entity would be responsible for providing the Plaintiff
with payment processing services through MIDs which would be made available to
the Plaintiff. That said, the Plaintiff was not informed at the time whether
the MIDs provided would be maintained by the Processing Entity itself, or
whether sub-processing agents which maintained the MIDs would be engaged.

(c) The Plaintiff would pay the Processing Entity the following:

(i) A set-up fee of US$2,500 in respect of each MID and a weekly maintenance
fee of US$25 for each MID;

(ii) A “merchant discount rate” equivalent to 7.5% of the value of each
processed transaction;

(iii) An additional flat charge of US$0.75 for each transaction;

(iv) A flat charge of US$2.00 for each refund;

(v) A flat charge of US$35.00 for each chargeback (While this was the fee
agreed on for each chargeback, the Plaintiff alleged that the 1st Defendant
charged a higher sum of US$55.00 for each chargeback from 30 August 2019 to 4
February 2020).

(d) The processing entity was entitled to retain a “rolling reserve” amounting
to 10% of the total volume of transactions processed for a period of 180 days,
as security to ensure that the processing entity would have sufficient
liquidity to return payments to customers in the event of a high number of
chargebacks;

(e) Settlement was to be conducted for each MID on a weekly basis. This
process involved the following:

(i) On a weekly basis, the Processing Entity was to post all data processed
through the MID for the week on a web portal (“the Merchant Control Panel”),
to which the Plaintiff was to be given access. The Merchant Control Panel was
to contain information concerning all relevant payment transactions.

(ii) The Processing Entity was to issue weekly settlement reports which set
out its applicable fees and charges as well as the sums to be paid to the
Plaintiff.

(iii) The Processing Entity would then collect all payments made by third
party customers and processed through the relevant MIDs for the week and pay
the Plaintiff within seven days after deducting its applicable fees and
charges. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 6, SDB at pp 8–10.

12 The Plaintiff claimed that in reliance on Mr Berger’s representations, the
1st Defendant was engaged as the abovementioned Processing Entity under the
Payment Processing Agreement. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 5, SDB at p 7.

Between 30 August 2019 and 4 February 2020, the 1st Defendant processed
payments made by third party customers. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 5, SDB at p 7.

13 Before the 1st Defendant could begin processing payments on the Plaintiff’s
behalf, certain technical details had to be ironed out. Again, Mr Berger had a
role to play. On 19 August 2019, Mr Berger provided Ms Meza with the following
Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”): “Devcenter.txpmnt.com” and informed her that
this was where she could access the Application Programming Interface (“API”).
The API was a necessary component in order for the Plaintiff to integrate the
payment gateway of its principal affiliates with that used by the 1st
Defendant. On 21 August 2019, Mr Berger also sent Ms Meza a message in their
Skype group chat, forwarding further details such as a hash key and merchant
number, which were required to complete the integration process. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 6A, SDB at pp 10–11.

14 On 29 August 2019, Mr Berger introduced Daphne Alfaro (“Ms Alfaro”) to the
Plaintiff’s representatives via their Skype Group Chat and stated that she
would be assisting him. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 7, SDB at p 11.

On the Plaintiff’s version of events (which the Defendants disputed), Ms
Alfaro was at all material times an employee and authorised representative of
the 1st Defendant. She was the person in charge of setting up the MIDs and
making them available for use by the Plaintiff’s affiliated merchants. She
also informed the Plaintiff, on the 1st Defendant’s behalf, of the
corresponding descriptors (which were basically a means of identifying all
transactions processed through a particular MID). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 7A.

15 On 30 April 2019, Ms Alfaro provided Ms Meza with access to a Merchant
Control Panel (with the URL “merchants.txpmnt.com/Website/”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 7A(a).

The Merchant Control Panel had been procured by the 1st Defendant from a
third-party vendor and “rebranded” to appear as a service offering by the 1st
Defendant. In particular, the Plaintiff claimed that the Merchant Control
Panel bore features indicating that it was the 1st Defendant’s platform:
specifically, its URL and the fact that it showed the 1st Defendant’s sailboat
emblem on its web interface.

16 On Mr Berger’s instructions, Ms Alfaro set up the following MIDs for the
Plaintiff:

(a) The PeakPay MID was set up and payment processing commenced through it on
30 August 2019. Payments channelled through the PeakPay MID initially bore the
descriptor “FEE%2AMHSERVICE”. Shortly after the Plaintiff had begun to channel
payments through the PeakPay MID, Ms Alfaro informed Ms Meza on 31 August 2019
via Skype group chat that a new descriptor, “FEE*GERSON HDZ MARTINE” would be
used. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 7A(b) – (d).

(b) The House MID was set up and payment processing commenced through it on 3
September 2019. Payments processed through this MID bore the following
descriptors: “FEE%2AMHSERVICE”, “FEE%2AMHSERVI” or “FEE*MHSERVI”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 7A(e) – (g).

(c) The IPTV MID was set up and payment processing commenced through it on 28
November 2019. There was, however, a hiccup. Mr Berger informed Ms Meza that
the IPTV MID was disabled on or around 7 December 2019 and that he was trying
to find a solution. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 7A(k).

A few days later, on or around 13 December 2019, Mr Berger informed the
Plaintiff’s representatives that the Plaintiff could resume channelling
payments through the IPTV MID, and payments through this MID would bear the
descriptor “connectapp*IPTV”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 7A(l).

17 Mr Berger, Ms Alfaro and Ms Meza communicated mainly via Skype Group Chat.
In between setting up the various MIDs, on 27 September 2019, Ms Alfaro added
two individuals, Elliot and Mario Alvarez, to their Skype Group Chat and
stated that they would be assisting her. The Plaintiff claimed that both Mario
Alvarez and Elliot were employees and/or representatives of the 1st Defendant
at the material time (though the Defendants denied this).

18 Ms Alfaro oversaw the payment processing on the 1st Defendant’s behalf. To
that end, she had access to the backend of the 1st Defendant’s payment
processing gateway and system. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 8, SDB at p 15.

The Plaintiff cited two examples of the control exerted by Ms Alfaro over the
payment processing system. First, when Ms Meza highlighted that there were
technical issues relating to payments which were being processed via the
PeakPay MID, Mr Berger directed the issue to Ms Alfaro who proceeded to follow
up and to resolve it. Second, when Mr Berger requested that Ms Alfaro increase
the processing capacity for the PeakPay and House MIDs to USD 1m per month, Ms
Alfaro confirmed a mere three minutes later that this had been done. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 8.1–8.2, SDB at p 16.

19 Apart from the 1st Defendant, there were other entities involved in the
process which had been set up to facilitate the processing of payments on the
Plaintiff’s behalf. According to the Plaintiff, the 1st Defendant used the
sub-processing agents Feenicia and ConectApp when processing payments for the
Plaintiff through the PeakPay MID, the House MID and the IPTV MID. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 9–9A, SDB at pp 16–17.

Payments made by customers were processed by the 1st Defendant in the
following manner:

(a) The electronic gateway (ie, API) of the Plaintiff’s principal affiliates
was integrated with that used by the 1st Defendant.

(b) Credit and debit card payments made by customers were transmitted through
these integrated gateways to merchant accounts maintained by the sub-
processing agents engaged by the 1st Defendant, Feenecia and ConectApp.

(c) The settlement proceeds would be remitted by the acquirer bank either
directly to the 1st Defendant, or to the sub-processing agents engaged by the
1st Defendant who would then remit these sums to the 1st Defendant.

(d) The 1st Defendant was responsible for ensuring that the nett settlement
proceeds (less any fees or charges due to them) were remitted to the
Plaintiff’s bank account, the details of which were provided to Mr Berger in
an email dated 5 September 2019. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 9A.

20 The Plaintiff received its weekly settlement payments in respect of the
PeakPay and House MIDs from a remittance company called WorldFirst Singapore
(“WorldFirst”), which made these remittances on the 1st Defendant’s behalf.
The Plaintiff received 38 settlement payments from WorldFirst between 12
September 2019 to 6 January 2020. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 9B–9C, SDB at p 18.

21 The Plaintiff claimed that the Processing Entity under the Payment
Processing Agreement was indeed the 1st Defendant because the latter was
mainly responsible for carrying out the payment processing services – and also
because of various representations which the 1st Defendant allegedly made. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 9D.

Late and deficient payments by the 1st Defendant

22 According to the Plaintiff, from as early as 12 September 2019, the 1st
Defendant began making late and deficient settlement payments in respect of
the PeakPay and the House MIDs. When confronted about this, Mr Berger and Ms
Alfaro gave several reasons for the delay and shortfall in payments. Amongst
other things, they told the Plaintiff that the payment might not have reached
the Plaintiff’s bank account, and that the settlement reports had not been
accurately updated. Ms Alfaro also claimed that Famsa Bank had withheld these
funds from the 1st Defendant and closed the bank account. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 13, SDB at p 20.

However, neither Mr Berger, nor Ms Alfaro was able to provide any
documentation or details to support their explanations as to why the payments
of sums due to the Plaintiff were late.

23 On 10 January 2020, Mr Berger sent Ms Meza a report prepared by the 1st
Defendant which indicated that it had fallen behind on its payment obligations
in respect of the PeakPay and House MIDs to the tune of at least €821,534.46.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 14, SDB at pp 20–21.

Ms Meza responded to the email on the same day, seeking clarification as to
why these funds had not been paid. When no response was forthcoming from Mr
Berger, Ms Meza sent another email on 13 of January 2020. Mr Berger was
evasive and said that he would forward Ms Meza’s email to Ms Alfaro. No
further details were provided in relation to the missing funds. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 15.1 – 15.2.

24 A day later, on 14 January 2020, Ms Meza emailed Mr Berger seeking
clarification as to when Famsa Bank had closed the 1st Defendant’s merchant
account. She requested a copy of the notification from Famsa bank which stated
that the account had been closed and inquired when the funds would be
released. However, Mr Berger and Ms Alfaro continued to ignore Ms Meza’s
requests. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 15.3.

On 29 January 2020, Ms Meza followed up with another email to Mr Berger,
repeating her request for information concerning the Famsa bank account. Mr
Berger continued to ignore her emails. Later, on 4 February, the Plaintiff
ceased all payment processing through the 1st Defendant. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 16.

25 In its amended Statement of Claim, the Plaintiff pleaded that the total
outstanding sum owed to it by the 1st Defendant stood at US$2,680.535.21. This
comprised the sum of US$1,735,949.69 which was due in respect of the PeakPay
and House MIDs, and the sum of US$944,585.52 which was due in respect of the
IPTV MID (the “Trust Monies”). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 17, SDB at p 22.

Fraud and misappropriation or diversion of the Outstanding Settlement Payments

26 Concerned as to where its funds had gone, the Plaintiff conducted its own
investigations. According to the narrative which the Plaintiff put forward in
this suit, it was the 1st Defendant who – through Mr Berger and Ms Alfaro –
had misappropriated or diverted the funds. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 18.

Based on a company profile search, the Plaintiff learnt that the 2nd Defendant
was the sole owner of the 1st Defendant, as well as one of its directors
(specifically the Managing Director) and Chief Executive Officer. The
Plaintiff claimed that this was bad news for it as it knew the 2nd Defendant
to be a fraudster. On the Plaintiff’s telling, the 2nd Defendant had in 2014
utilised an entity known as SecCom or Kreysha to defraud the Plaintiff’s
principal affiliate, BetOnline, and had misappropriated some US$1,139,056.45
in a similar fashion. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 20, SDB at p 23.

27 On the Plaintiff’s version of events, it had once again been defrauded by
the 2nd Defendant, who had utilised the 1st Defendant this time as a vehicle
to defraud and dishonestly misappropriate or divert monies belonging to the
Plaintiff. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 21, SDB at p 25.

Contrary to Ms Alfaro’s representation that Famsa Bank had withheld the
Plaintiff’s payments, the Plaintiff alleged that Famsa Bank had released these
payments to Feenicia (one of the sub-processing agents engaged by the 1st
Defendant) and that Feenicia had duly transferred the Plaintiff’s funds to the
1st Defendant. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 20A(a), SDB at p 24.

Instead of transferring these funds to the Plaintiff, the 1st Defendant had
squirreled them away. Further, in respect of a portion of the payments
amounting to MXN 12,450,876.14 which had been held back by Feenicia as a
reserve to settle any disputed payments, chargebacks or fines, this portion of
the funds had also been paid by Feenicia into the 1st Defendant’s account with
the First Finance International Bank (“FFIB”) on or around 13 April 2020
(“FFIB funds”). Instead of paying the FFIB funds to the Plaintiff, the 2nd
Defendant had attempted to have these funds transferred to an account with JP
Morgan London, UK which the Plaintiff alleged was his personal bank account.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 20A(b)–20A(c), SDB at pp 24–25.

The Plaintiff claimed that the FFIB funds were traceable to payments by the
third party customers, which had been processed and/or received by the 1st
Defendant for and on behalf of the Plaintiff, and that the Plaintiff therefore
had a proprietary interest in these funds. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 20A(c), SDB at p 25.

Finally, the Plaintiff also alleged that payments channelled through the IPTV
MID had been released by the relevant acquirer bank and/or the sub-processing
agent, ConectApp, to the 1st Defendant as well; and that the latter had
similarly failed to pay these sums to the Plaintiff. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 20A(d), SDB at p 25.

The Defendants’ account of events

Mr Berger’s role

28 In contrast, the Defendants took the position that it was Mr Berger who had
been the 1st Defendant’s client. The 1st Defendant had provided Mr Berger with
remittance services, and allowed him to set up and use its software platform
and payment management system. However, it was understood between the
Defendants and Mr Berger that he would not transact or make any representation
on behalf of the 1st Defendant. To that end, Mr Berger had his own portfolio
of clients and managed them on his own. At no point in time did Mr Berger act
as the 1st Defendant’s employee or agent. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at paras 4(a)–4(c).

29 In 2019, the professional and business relationship between the Defendants
and Mr Berger took a turn for the worse: Mr Berger appeared to be plagued by
personal issues: he was intoxicated and belligerent when communicating with
the Defendants and colleagues, proclaimed he had taken on a mistress, and sent
sexually harassing messages to female colleagues. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 4(d).

At the end of 2019, the 1st Defendant and Mr Berger parted ways
professionally. Notwithstanding their professional differences, as Mr Berger
was at this point not yet able to continue doing business without the 1st
Defendant’s software platform and payment management system, the latter
continued to allow him to use the software platform and payment management
system. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 4(e).

30 Despite the 1st Defendant’s goodwill, Mr Berger continued to harass their
employees (including the 2nd Defendant). In the aftermath of the breakdown of
their professional and business relationship, he even threatened to cause
damage to the Defendants. According to the Defendants, they had come to
realise that Mr Berger was working in concert with the Plaintiff in this
action to cause damage to the Defendants after receiving inter alia text
messages from Mr Berger 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Michael Carbonara AEIC at paras 57 – 58.

demonstrating his possession of information about the present proceedings
which he could only have obtained from the Plaintiff. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 4(f).

The 1st Defendant was not engaged as the Plaintiff’s processing entity

31 The Defendants denied that the 1st Defendant had been engaged by the
Plaintiff as its payment processing agent or that it had processed on the
Plaintiff’s behalf those payments made by third-party customers. They
contended that the 1st Defendant was not bound by the acts of Mr Berger
insofar as it was alleged that he had acted on the 1st Defendant’s behalf in
entering into contracts or in making representations. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 6d.

The Defendants further contended that they had no knowledge of, and did not
agree to the terms of engagement allegedly discussed via Skype teleconference
on 15 August 2019. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 7.

32 The Defendants also took the position that the Plaintiff either knew, or
must reasonably have known that Mr Berger was not the 1st Defendant’s
authorised representative for the following reasons. First, Mr Berger had not
communicated with the Plaintiff using any account or email address belonging
to the 1st Defendant. In fact, Mr Berger, who owned an independent business by
the name of “MCC Code”, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 6(c).

would communicate with the Plaintiff through an email address with the domain
name “mcccode.com”, and he would also use the MCC Code logo as his profile
picture in his communications with the Plaintiff. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 8(a).

Second, Mr Berger did not purport to be acting on the 1st Defendant’s behalf
in his communications with the Plaintiff: that much was clear from the fact
that other entities such as “SM Marketing” and “Kings Road Capital Corp
Private Limited” had been named as the contracting party in the draft
contracts which Mr Berger sent to the Plaintiff. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 8(a).

Third, there was no mention of or reference to the 1st Defendant in any of the
terms reached between Mr Berger and the Plaintiff under the alleged Payment
Processing Agreement, or in any of the emails, text messages, group chats and
draft contracts exchanged between Mr Berger and the Plaintiff. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 8(b).

Finally, on the Plaintiff’s own case, there was no suggestion that the
Plaintiff itself was even aware of the 1st Defendant’s existence and/or
identity when it allegedly entered into the Payment Processing Agreement. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

1st defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at paras 8(a)–(d).

Ms Alfaro was not the 1st Defendant’s employee or authorized representative

33 As for Ms Alfaro, the Defendants asserted that she was not an employee and
authorised representative of the 1st Defendant at all material times in the
dealings with the Plaintiff. Instead, Ms Alfaro was an employee of a different
company, SecureTeller, which was owned by her husband, one Oscar Bermuda.
SecureTeller had, on previous occasions, provided other services to the 1st
Defendant and had done the same in relation to Mr Berger’s dealings with the
Plaintiff. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 9.

Insofar as Ms Alfaro had communicated with the Plaintiff, she had done so on
Mr Berger’s behalf and not the 1st Defendant. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 9A(b).

The Merchant Control Panel

34 The Merchant Control Panel was a software procured by the 1st Defendant
from a third-party vendor, Coriunder. Mr Berger was the one who had introduced
the 1st Defendant to Coriunder. The Merchant Control Panel was a piece of
software which enabled merchants to track and view the transactions being
processed through MIDs by payment processors on a single webpage – in other
words, an informational tool. The Merchant Control Panel could be provided to
the 1st Defendant’s various clients for their use, but ultimately, the 1st
Defendant had no control over how their clients actually used it. The Merchant
Control Panel which was set up and operated by Mr Berger had the following
URL: “merchants.txpmnt.com/Website/”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 9A(c).

The 1st Defendant played no part in setting up the MIDs, payment processing
and transfers

35 In relation to the PeakPay, House and IPTV MIDs, the Defendants claimed
that the 1st Defendant was not involved in processing the payments through
these MIDs. The 1st Defendant did not own or control any of the merchant
accounts or MIDs. Instead, it was Mr Berger who had set up these MIDs – and he
was able to do so because the 1st Defendant had allowed him to set up and use
its software platform and payment management system. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 10.

Following from this, insofar as Ms Alfaro appeared to have access to the 1st
Defendant’s system, this was premised on the fact that the 1st Defendant had
actually granted Mr Berger permission to use their systems. This, however, did
not mean that Ms Alfaro was either the 1st Defendant’s employee or
representative. The Defendants also asserted that Elliot and Mario Alvarez
were not the 1st Defendant’s employees or representatives. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at paras 9A(d)–(e).

The 1st Defendant was not responsible for the missing sums which were owed to
the Plaintiff

36 The Defendants gave several explanations as to why it was not responsible
for the sums which the Plaintiff alleged had gone missing. First, in relation
to the remittances made by WorldFirst to the Plaintiff, the 1st Defendant had
acted on Mr Berger’s instructions and made these payments on his behalf. The
1st Defendant had only provided Mr Berger with remittance services at the
material time, and this included using WorldFirst’s services to remit funds.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at paras 11A–11B.

37 Second, the 1st Defendant denied that it had prepared a report on 10
January 2020 indicating that it had fallen behind on its payment obligations
in respect of the PeakPay and House MIDs (see above at [23]). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 13, SDB at p 39.

The 1st Defendant denied that it was liable to the Plaintiff for the sum of at
least €821,534.46 in respect of the “PeakPay MID” and the “House MID”.

38 Third, the Defendants denied that the 1st Defendant had received any of the
Trust Monies owed to the Plaintiff, or that the 1st Defendant had
misappropriated and/or diverted funds received from Feenicia or ConectApp
which were meant for the Plaintiff. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 19A.

Specifically, in relation to the FFIB funds, the 1st Defendant had used
Feenicia as a sub-processor to process payments made in Mexico on behalf of
the 1st Defendant’s own clients (who did not include the Plaintiff). While the
1st Defendant would receive the funds in Mexican Peso (“MXN”), it had to remit
the funds to its clients in United States Dollars (“USD”). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 19A(a).

As part of the sub-processing services provided to the 1st Defendant, Feenicia
was entitled to maintain a portion of the processed transactions as a reserve
to settle any disputed payments, chargebacks and/or fines. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 19A(c).

39 In or around April 2020, Feenicia was obliged to release these reserves to
the 1st Defendant in respect of transactions processed for the 1st Defendant’s
clients. To mitigate against currency exchange loss, given that the MXN had
devalued against the USD in or around March 2020, the 1st Defendant directed
Feenicia to transfer the reserves to an account with FFIB. This was done to
take advantage of FFIB’s offer of a USD loan using the received MXN as
collateral. The 1st Defendant could then use the USD loan to fulfil its
obligations to its clients and vendors, and repay the loan when MXN increased
in value. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

1st defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at paras 19A(d)–(f).

40 After FFIB received the funds from Feenicia, the 1st Defendant discovered
that FFIB was in fact unwilling to extend the USD loan. Morgan Stanley Smith
Barney LLC (“Morgan Stanley”), with which the 2nd Defendant had an account at
the material time, indicated its willingness to grant the 1st Defendant such a
loan to hedge against currency exchange fluctuations between the MXN and USD.
As such, the 1st Defendant instructed FFIB to transfer the same funds to
Morgan Stanley. Instead of doing so, however, FFIB froze the FFIB funds,
claiming that it had received a complaint against the 1st Defendant regarding
the source of the funds, and that it needed to investigate . 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 19A(g).

41 In the circumstances, the Defendants denied that the FFIB funds were
traceable to payments from the Plaintiff’s third-party customers which had
been processed and/or received by the 1st Defendant for and on behalf of the
Plaintiff. The Defendants also denied that the Plaintiff had a proprietary
interest in these funds. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 19A(h).

The Parties’ Cases

42 Having set out each side’s account of events, I summarise below their
respective cases.

The Plaintiff’s case

43 The Plaintiff’s case was that it had entered into the Payment Processing
Agreement with the 1st Defendant. Flowing from this, the 1st Defendant was
said to owe the Plaintiff a duty to transfer payments received on a timely
basis, and to render a true and complete account of all funds payable to the
Plaintiff (including outstanding unpaid sums). 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 10.

Further and in the alternative, the 1st Defendant was said to also owe
fiduciary duties to the Plaintiff in relation to all payments processed and
received on behalf of the Plaintiff in its capacity as the Plaintiff’s payment
processing agent, or as the party who had power and control over funds that
were meant to be allocated to and/or that belonged beneficially to the
Plaintiff. The 1st Defendant was thus obliged to act bona fide in the
Plaintiff’s interests and for the proper purposes of the Plaintiff in relation
to funds paid by third party customers, by duly transferring these payments to
the Plaintiff (subject to the deduction of fees and charges owed to it).

44 The Plaintiff claimed that in failing to pay over the Trust Monies of
US$2,680,535.21, the 1st Defendant had acted in breach of its contractual
duties under the Payment Processing Agreement. The Plaintiff also claimed that
the 2nd Defendant had knowingly induced or procured the 1st Defendant’s breach
of its contractual duties.

45 Further or in the alternative, the Plaintiff claimed that as the 1st
Defendant owed it fiduciary duties in relation to all payments processed and
received on its behalf, the 1st Defendant’s failure to pay over the
US$2,680,535.21, and/or to account for these Trust Monies, constituted a
breach of the 1st Defendant’s fiduciary duties. The 2nd Defendant was alleged
to have knowingly assisted in the 1st Defendant’s breach of fiduciary duties.
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 22–23.

46 Further or in the alternative, the Plaintiff claimed that regardless of
whether it had entered into the Payment Processing Agreement with the 1st
Defendant, the 1st Defendant had clearly received the payments processed
through the PeakPay, House and IPTV MIDs with full knowledge that the payments
were meant to be allocated to and/or belonged beneficially to the Plaintiff
(subject to the deduction of processing fees and charges). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 23A.

However, the Defendants had misappropriated and/or diverted the Trust Monies
from the Plaintiff. In the circumstances, the Plaintiff contended that the
Defendants must have held the payments processed through the PeakPay, House
and IPTV MIDs and/or their traceable proceeds on constructive trust for the
Plaintiff.

47 In addition and/or alternatively, the Plaintiff made the following other
claims:

(a) That the Defendants had wrongfully and with intent to injure the Plaintiff
by unlawful means, conspired and combined to misappropriate the Trust Monies,
and to defraud and conceal such fraud from the Plaintiff; and/or

(b) That the Defendants had jointly defrauded the Plaintiff by falsely
representing that the 1st Defendant would provide payment processing services
to the Plaintiff in accordance with the Payment Processing Agreement, knowing
that this representation was false and with the intention that the Plaintiff
would, in reliance on such representation, enter into the Payment Processing
Agreement and cause payments from third party customers to be channelled
through the MIDs 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Statement of Claim at para 24–25, SDB at pp 27–28.

;

(c) That the Defendants had benefited from and/or been enriched as a result of
the misappropriation and/or diversion of the Trust Monies, at the expense of
the Plaintiff, and that this benefit or enrichment was unjust because the
misappropriation and/or diversion of the Trust Monies had been done without
the Plaintiff’s consent, there had been a total failure of consideration,
and/or the Defendants knew that the Trust Monies rightfully belonged to the
Plaintiff. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Reply (Amendment No. 4) at para 12AAAA.

48 The Plaintiff sought the following reliefs:

(a) A declaration that the alleged Trust Monies in the sum of US$2,680,535,21
are held on trust by the 1st Defendant for the Plaintiff, including but not
limited to the FFIB funds;

(b) An order that the Defendants do, jointly and severally, account to the
Plaintiff for the alleged Trust Monies and any profits, benefits, gains and/or
assets arising from, relating to and/or in connection with the Trust Monies
(“the Assets”), and an order that all Trust Monies and/or Assets be paid over
and/or delivered up upon such account to the Plaintiff;

(c) A declaration that the Plaintiff would be entitled to trace the
Outstanding Settlement Payments and Assets held on constructive trust for the
Plaintiff into whose hands they may be found, wherever located;

(d) Further or alternatively, an order that the Defendants pay to the
Plaintiff the sum of US$2,680,535.21;

(e) Further or alternatively, damages to be assessed;

(f) Compound interest at a commercial rate from the date of the defendants’
wrongful actions and/or breaches of fiduciary duties to the date of judgment;

(g) Alternatively, interest pursuant to the Civil Law Act 1909 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“CLA”) from the date of commencement of these proceedings to the date of
judgment;

(h) Costs; and

(i) Such further and/or other relief as this Court deemed fit. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at pp 24–25.

The Defendants’ case

49 The Defendants, on the other hand, contended that the Plaintiff’s claim
should have been properly brought against Mr Berger and not the Defendants. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 21.

Because the 1st Defendant was never a party to the Payment Processing
Agreement and did not owe the Plaintiff any contractual duties, it could not
be said to have breached any such duties. The corollary of this was that the
Plaintiff’s claim against the 2nd Defendant for inducing breach of contract
must also fail.

50 Even assuming for the sake of argument that the 1st Defendant was a party
to the Payment Processing Agreement, the Defendants argued that the Payment
Processing Agreement was unenforceable as the payments processed by the
Plaintiff were paid by customers of online gambling websites, and this made
the agreement an illegal contract under the Remote Gambling Act 2014 (No. 34
of 2014) (“RGA”). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 20(a).

51 In the alternative, the Defendants sought to characterise the Plaintiff’s
claim for the recovery of the Trust Monies as being an action brought to
recover monies won on a wager – and thus unenforceable under s 5(2) CLA. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 20(g).

52 Apart from the above, the Defendants contended that the 1st Defendant did
not owe the Plaintiff any fiduciary duties and could not be said to have
breached such duties; and that the 2nd Defendant did not knowingly assist the
1st Defendant’s alleged breach of fiduciary duties. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No. 3) at para 20(b).

Finally, the 1st Defendant denied that it had received the payments processed
through the three MIDs on behalf of the Plaintiff and/or with full knowledge
that the payments were meant to be allocated to and/or belonged beneficially
to the Plaintiff.

Some procedural history:

Applications pertaining to documents from US deposition of Ms Alfaro

53 On or about 22 December 2021, the Plaintiff commenced an Application for
Judicial Assistance against Ms Alfaro in the United States, purportedly to
obtain “documentary and testimonial evidence for use” in this Suit. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Michael Carbonara’s 19th affidavit dated 10 April 2022 at MC-54 p 16;
Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1386/2022 para 4.

Ms Alfaro eventually disclosed over 18,000 documents to the Plaintiff. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions for HC/SUM 1386/2022 para 7; Michael
Carbonara’s 19th affidavit dated 10 April 2022 at para 16.

The Defendants made the following applications to restrain the production of
some of these documents at the main trial.

HC/SUM 1386/2022

54 In SUM 1386, the Defendants sought orders to restrain the Plaintiff from
receiving or using some 765 of these documents which they said were protected
by legal professional privilege, and to restrain the Plaintiff from continuing
to depose Ms Alfaro in the US. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

HC/SUM 1386/2022 Summons for Injunction filed 11 April 2022.

As I was of the view that Ms Alfaro was ultimately subject to a valid US court
order which she had to comply with, I made no order on the Defendant’s
application. Instead, counsel for the Plaintiff gave an undertaking that they
would not receive or use these documents for the purposes of this trial
without leave from the court. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

HC/ORC/2322/2022 filed 5 May 2022.

HC/SUM/1514/2022

55 In SUM 1514, the Defendants applied to restrain the Plaintiff from adducing
22 documents in the main trial on the basis that they were protected by legal
professional privilege and had been disclosed by the Plaintiff in breach of
confidence. These documents comprised emails between the 2nd Defendant, Ms
Alfaro and one Mr David Parr. According to the 2nd Defendant, the
communications had arisen after the commencement of the suit and related to
issues in the suit, and the Defendants had not waived any privilege over any
documents or communications exchanged between themselves and any third parties
for the dominant purpose of preparing for this litigation. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Michael Carbonara’s 20th affidavit dated 18 April 2022 at para 11.

Having found that these documents were protected by legal professional
privilege and had been disclosed by the Plaintiff in breach of confidence, I
ordered that the Plaintiff be restrained from adducing these documents in
evidence at trial. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

HC/ORC 2274/2022 filed 30 April 2022.

Issues to be determined

56 The following issues arose for my determination:

(a) Whether the Plaintiff’s claim was statutorily barred under the CLA and/or
the Remote Gaming Act;

(b) Whether the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant had entered into a contract for
the provision of payment processing services by the latter to the former; and
if so, whether the 1st Defendant had breached its contractual duties to the
Plaintiff, and whether the 2nd Defendant had knowingly induced or procured
such breach;

(c) Whether, in addition or alternatively, the 1st Defendant owed fiduciary
duties to the Plaintiff in respect of the processing of the latter’s funds;
and if so, whether the 1st Defendant had breached such fiduciary duties, and
whether the 2nd Defendant had knowingly assisted in such breach;

(d) Whether the Plaintiff could make out its other alternative claims in
respect of unlawful means conspiracy, fraudulent misrepresentation,
constructive trust, and/or unjust enrichment.

57 In the paragraphs that follow, I address these issues seriatim.

My Decision

Whether the Plaintiff’s claims are statutorily barred under either the CLA

s 5(2) CLA

58 I address first the Defendants’ submission that the Plaintiff’s action in S
371/2020 was barred under s 5 of the CLA. The Defendants argued, firstly, that
s 5(2) CLA applied to the present case because this was an action brought to
“recover money won on a wager”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

D1’s Defence (Amendment No 4) at para 20(g).

59 In response, the Plaintiff contended that the Defendants’ submission must
fail as the claims in the present suit were not for any sum of money or
valuable thing alleged to be won upon any wager: rather, the present claims
were for sums due to the Plaintiff from the 1st Defendant under a contract for
payment processing services. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Plaintiff Closing Submissions at para 370.

60 For ease of reference, I set out below s 5(2) CLA:

Agreement by way of gaming or wagering to be null and void

(2) No action shall be brought or maintained in the court for recovering any
sum of money or valuable thing alleged to be won upon any wager or which has
been deposited in the hands of any person to abide the event on which any
wager has been made.

61 Having considered the parties’ submissions and the authorities relied on, I
was not persuaded by the Defendants’ submissions on the application of s 5(2)
CLA to the facts of this case.

62 In their written submissions, the Defendants placed great emphasis on the
fact that the payments which the Plaintiff alleged were received by the 1st
Defendant for processing were “deposits into customer accounts” of the website
of the Plaintiff’s affiliate Blue SA. The Defendants argued that the customers
were crediting their accounts on BetOnline.ag with the intention of using such
credit for gaming and wagering transactions on BetOnline.ag: ergo, the “core
of the transactions were the gaming contracts entered into on BetOnline.ag and
the funds paid in respect thereof thus fall within the ambit of section 5(2)
of the CLA”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 15.

63 It is not disputed that ss 5(1) and 5(2) CLA are in pari materia with s 18
of the UK Gaming Act 1845 which provided:

All contracts or agreements, whether by parole or in writing, by way of gaming
or wagering, shall be null and void; and ... no suit shall be brought or
maintained in any court of law and equity for recovering any sum of money or
valuable thing alleged to be won upon any wager, or which shall have been
deposited in the hands of any person to abide the event on which any wager
shall have been made.

64 In Star Cruise Services Ltd v Overseas Union Bank Ltd [1999] 2 SLR(R) 183
(“Star Cruise”), Selvam J noted that s 18 of the UK Gaming Act 1845 was split
into three limbs: (a) Contracts of gaming and wagering are null and void (“the
first limb”); (b) the winner is prevented from bringing an action to recover
his winnings (“the second limb”); and (c) the winner is prevented from suing
the stakeholder (“the third limb”). Section 5(2) CLA corresponds to the second
and third limbs of s 18 of the UK Gaming Act 1845. What the Defendants had to
show, therefore, was that the Plaintiff’s action was a suit brought by the
winner in a gaming or wagering contract, either to recover his winnings or to
sue the stakeholder.

65 It will be recalled that in its amended statement of claim, the Plaintiff
pleaded a number of claims in the alternative. Based on the 1st Defendant’s
alleged failure to pay over the Trust Monies, the Plaintiff claimed –
alternatively – breach of contract by the 1st Defendant; breach of fiduciary
duties to the Plaintiff; a constructive trust over the monies; unlawful means
conspiracy; fraudulent misrepresentation; and unjust enrichment. The
Defendants’ submissions appeared to assume that all of the Plaintiff’s pleaded
claims were caught by s 5(2) CLA. However, there was no real attempt to
analyze the language of s 5(2) and to demonstrate why it applied to each of
the Plaintiff’s claims. Instead, the Defendants’ submissions appeared to
consist of a series of sweeping generalizations which paid no regard to the
actual wording of s 5(2). This was, with respect, unfortunate, because on a
plain reading of s 5(2), it was not at all apparent that any of the
Plaintiff’s pleaded claims could be characterized as an action “for recovering
any sum of money… alleged to be won upon any wager”. The very words used in s
5(2) make it clear that the provision is concerned with actions to recover
gaming or wagering debts. None of the Plaintiff’s pleaded claims could be
described as such without violence being done to the language of s 5(2). None
of its claims was concerned with recovering gaming debts due on the gaming
contracts between Blue SA and its customers.

66 Nor could the monies paid by Blue SA’s customers be properly described as
monies “deposited in the hands of any person to abide the event on which any
wager has been made”. The fact that the monies allegedly received by the 1st
Defendant for processing originated from customers of Blue SA intending to
credit their BetOnline accounts for gaming purposes was really incidental to
the Plaintiff’s claims. While the Defendants contended that the customers
making these payments must have intended to utilize the credit in their
BetOnline accounts to gamble on the website, this did not change the fact that
the 1st Defendant’s role in the entire process was (on the Plaintiff’s pleaded
case) that of the intermediary between the acquiring banks who received the
funds from customers’ credit card payments on the one hand, and the Plaintiff
who collected the funds paid on behalf of Blue SA on the other hand. In this
context, it would make no sense at all to say that the customers’ payments had
been “deposited” in the 1st Defendant’s hands for the 1st Defendant to act in
effect as a stakeholder (“to abide the event on which any wager has been
made”).

67 Apparently eschewing the plain meaning of the words of s 5(2), the
Defendants sought to persuade me instead that our courts have “interpreted
section 5 of the CLA widely and purposefully”; 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 7.

and that based on this “wide” and “purposeful” interpretation, the scope of s
5(2) extended to the Payment Processing Agreement relied on by the Plaintiff
in this action. Having reviewed the authorities, however, I agreed with the
Plaintiff that none of them provided any support for the Defendants’
submissions.

68 In Star City Pty Ltd v Tan Hong Wan [2002] 1 SLR(R) 306 (“Star City”), the
appellant had attempted to recover what they alleged were unpaid loans given
to the respondent for the purpose of gambling. The respondent had signed, and
handed over to the appellant, five cheques for a total of A$250,000 in
exchange for chip purchase vouchers. These vouchers were used to purchase
chips for gambling. The respondent proceeded to lose the entire sum. When the
appellant attempted to cash in the cheques, all five were dishonoured. The
respondent repaid some A$55,160 – leaving the sum of A$194,840 unpaid. The
appellant sought to recover this sum as unpaid loans made to the respondent.
The trial judge had disallowed the claim on the basis that this was in fact a
gaming contract, and thus irrecoverable under s 5 CLA. The Court of Appeal
(“CA”) held that s 5(2) CLA was procedural in nature and that the court was
bound to apply it as part of the lex fori. As to whether the appellant’s claim
was barred by s 5(2) CLA, the court noted that the principle enshrined in s 5
CLA was that a wagering contract which “was valid by its governing law is
valid in Singapore”, but no action would lie in Singapore to recover any sum
of money won on such a contract. Whether the appellant’s claim ran afoul of s
5(2) CLA turned, therefore, on the characterisation of the transaction in
question (Star City at [15]).

69 Applying the lex fori (which was Singapore law) to determine the true
substance of the transaction in this case, the CA was of the view that the
transaction in question was a wagering contract and not a genuine loan: Star
City at [29] and [37]. It was a claim by the casino operator to recover debts
owed to it by a losing punter under the wagering contract between them. The
whole point of allowing customers to deposit cheques in exchange for chip
purchase vouchers which could then be used to obtain chips for gambling was to
enable these customers to gamble on credit. In contrast, in the present case,
the Plaintiff’s claim was not concerned with enforcing the wagering contracts
entered into between its affiliate Blue SA and the third-party customers of
Blue SA’s BetOnline website. As the Plaintiff pointed out in its closing
submissions, the Plaintiff’s claims “are not for any sum of money or valuable
thing alleged to be won upon any wager”: its claims “are for sums due to it
from [the 1st Defendant] under a contract for payment processing services”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 370.

70 In Star City, the CA referred to the High Court’s decision in Star Cruise.
In Star Cruise, the plaintiff Star Cruise Services Ltd sued on three cashier’s
orders issued by the defendant OUB in its favour. The payments were made in
respect of gambling transactions which had taken place aboard a cruise ship.
Summarizing the evidence led at trial, Selvam J noted that the typical mode of
operation of the casino required that when a gambler was ready for the game,
he would provide the casino with either a cashier’s order or a cheque for an
amount which marked the limit which the casino was willing to allow. If the
gambler won at the gaming table, the cashier’s order or cheque would be
returned to him. If he lost, the casino would retain the cashier’s order or
cheque. In either case, the document represented the amount of his loss, and
it was security to be realized . As Selvam J put it, the cashier’s order or
cheque represented the losses of the gambler: in the words of the then s 6 of
the CLA (our present s 5 CLA), “when the play is over and the account is
settled it is money won by way of gaming, nothing more and nothing less” (at
[98] of Star Cruise).

71 Selvam J dismissed the plaintiff’s claim, holding that the three cashier’s
orders were not bills of exchange as claimed. Instead, the “final effect of
the transactions taken in their totality” was that the amounts represented by
the cashier’s orders were “moneys won by way of gaming”; and by reason of ss
6(1), 6(2) and 6(5) of the CLA (our present ss 5(1), 5(2) and 5(6) CLA), the
entire transaction was void (Star Cruise at [105] and [108]). As Selvam J
explained (at [68]):

(T)he purpose of s 6 is not to prohibit games and wagering or make them
illegal. Putting aside the provisions of the Common Gaming Houses Act all
gaming and wagering are lawful. At the same time they are not valid. They are
all void. Section 6 recognises the social and entertainment value of gaming
and betting and does not seek to suppress them… All gaming and wagering debts
are debts of honour. The law does not interfere with or proscribe honour among
the players. There is no prohibition against payment of the loss provided the
debt is met with honest money. However, what the law does object is their
coming to the courts to settle their disputes and it manifests its objection
by making all contracts and agreements by way of gaming void. In the result
they are devoid of all legal effect. Gaming debts are not legal debts. The
courts of justice are out of bounds to claims based on gaming or wagering
because no action can be brought or maintained to enforce them. The doors of
justice are closed to them. Sections 6(2) and 6(5) have clamped down on credit
gambling by denying legal remedy to enforce gaming debts and securities based
on them. It has done so for public policy reasons with a history of some 450
years.

72 Selvam J’s decision in Star Cruise was cited again in Poh Soon Kiat v
Desert Palace Inc (t/a Caesars Palace) [2010] 1 SLR 1129 (“Desert Palace”),
this time by a differently constituted CA from the court which had issued the
judgment in Star City. In Desert Palace, the CA was primarily concerned with
whether a foreign judgment obtained in 2001 by the respondent in the Superior
Court of the State of California was enforceable in Singapore by way of a
common law action. The CA held that the 2001 California judgment was not a
foreign money judgment. In the course of its judgment, the CA also examined s
5(2) CLA and made a number of observations about the provision. Noting that
the earlier coram in Star City had asserted that “gambling per se is no longer
considered to be contrary to the public interest [of Singapore]” (which
assertion was repeated in the judgment issued in Liao Eng Kiat v Burswood
Nominees Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 690), the CA in Desert Palace demurred. The CA
referenced the judgment in Star Cruise for its helpful review of the history
and public policy of the gaming legislation in the UK which, together with the
gaming statutes in India, had been responsible for influencing the shape which
ss 5(1) and 5(2) CLA took in Singapore. At [83] of its judgment, the CA noted
that Selvam J had correctly highlighted that the public policy underlying the
UK gaming legislation leading to (and including) the 1845 UK Gaming Act was
two-fold: to suppress gambling on credit (and not gambling per se) and protect
property from capture by gamblers; and to declare that courts of justice were
closed to gamblers and that the courts would not help to settle or collect
gambling debts. The CA noted that the 1848 Indian Act was based on and had the
same substantive effect as s 18 of the 1845 UK Gaming Act: the public policy
encapsulated in the Indian Act was identical to the public policy of the 1845
UK Gaming Act. The current ss 5(1) and 5(2) of our CLA were collectively a re-
enactment of s 7(1) of the Civil Law Ordinance which was itself a combination
of the 1848 Indian Act with part of s 18 of the 1845 UK Gaming Act. In the
CA’s view, the public policy encapsulated in s 5(2) of the CLA had subsisted
for more than 160 years (from the time of the 1848 Indian Act) and still
subsists today, as is evident from the continued existence of s 5(2) itself.
The CA cited the remarks by Selvam J on the purpose of the then s 6 CLA (now s
5 CLA, as reproduced above in [60]) and stressed that it disagreed with the
previous CA’s statement in Star City that “gambling per se is no longer
considered to be contrary to the public interest [of Singapore]”. In the CA’s
view (at [112]):

… s 5(2) is a statutory prohibition against the recovery of gambling debts
which was imposed in the public interest.

73 At [127(b)] of its judgment, the CA stated the provisional view that s 5(2)
CLA would bar a common law action on a foreign judgment (whether emanating
from a Commonwealth country or non-Commonwealth foreign country) whose
underlying cause of action is a gambling debt.

74 The decisions in Star City, Desert Palace and Star Cruise were discussed in
Cooke IJ’s decision in The Star Entertainment QLD Ltd v Wong Yew Choy and
another matter [2020] 5 SLR 1 (“The Star Entertainment”). In that case, the
plaintiff operated a casino – The Star Gold Coast – and provided gaming
services. The defendant was a patron at that casino. According to the
plaintiff, the defendant had agreed to the use of a “blank replacement cheque”
– which he had previously provided to The Star Sydney but which had not been
utilised there – as a means of paying for any losses he suffered at The Star
Gold Coast. However, the cheque was subsequently dishonoured when completed by
the plaintiff. The plaintiff sued to recover a sum of some A$43m and applied
for summary judgment. In response, the defendant applied to strike out the
claim on the ground (inter alia) that s 5(2) CLA precluded the plaintiff from
bringing an action to recover money won on a wager. The plaintiff argued that
the public policy of Singapore did not require s 5(2) to be applied in its
case because (inter alia) the gaming had taken place in Queensland under
effective regulation and licence and was therefore controlled; the contract
under which the suit was brought was governed by the law of Queensland where
the contract was valid and enforceable; and the cheque was a valid negotiable
instrument in and of itself.

75 Cooke IJ dismissed the application for summary judgment and struck out the
plaintiff’s claim. In so deciding, Cooke IJ acknowledged (at [48]) that the
CA’s comments on ss 5(1) and 5(2) CLA in Desert Palace were strictly obiter –
but noted that nevertheless, those comments had been forcefully and clearly
expressed with full consideration of the public policy which was said to
underlie the Act. Cooke IJ summarized the elements of public policy to which
the CA in Desert Palace had drawn attention as follows: (a) to suppress
gambling on credit as opposed to gambling per se; (b) to protect property from
capture by gamblers; (c) to declare that the courts of justice were closed to
gamblers and the courts would not help to settle or collect gambling debts;
and (d) the need to distinguish between social gambling as part of a leisure
activity, state-sponsored lotteries and sweepstakes and the like, on the one
hand, and what the public regarded as effectively “hard-core gambling” on the
other. As the CA in Desert Palace had also made clear, the legislation has
created specific exceptions to the application of ss 5(1) and 5(2) CLA: these
exceptions were drawn in specific terms which did not allow for casinos
operating abroad, as opposed to casinos falling within the provisions of the
Casino Control Act.

76 In the light of the CA’s discussion in Desert Palace of the public policy
underlying ss 5(1) and 5(2) CLA, therefore, Cooke IJ held that the plaintiff’s
reasons for contending that public policy in Singapore did not require the
application of s 5(2) to its case must fail. The result was that the clear
words of s 5(2) must take effect in the manner that the Star City and Star
Cruise decisions required: the court was not able to countenance a claim
brought for sums allegedly won on a wager. The defendant was entitled to have
the claim struck out under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court because it was a
claim that fell afoul of s 5(2) CLA and thus disclosed no reasonable cause of
action ([53]-[57] of The Star Entertainment).

77 To sum up, therefore, the facts of the present case were clearly not on all
fours with those in the authorities examined above. In each of these cases,
the claimant was the casino operator, and the nature of its claim was an
action to recover a debt owed to it by a losing punter – ie, to enforce the
payment obligations under the wagering contract between itself and the punter.
This was found to be so even in a case where the casino operator’s claim was
framed as a claim for monies due on bills of exchange (Star Cruise). In
contrast, in the present case, none of the litigants were parties to the
gaming contracts entered into between the operator of the BetOnline gaming
site (Blue SA) and the punters who engaged in gaming transactions on this
gaming site. Instead, the Plaintiff – who was in the business of managing and
collecting payments on affiliates such as Blue SA – was suing the Defendants
for the alleged misappropriation of payments allegedly received by the 1st
Defendant for processing pursuant to the Payment Processing Agreement. While
these payments might have been made by the online punters in relation to
gaming activities on BetOnline.ag, to describe the Plaintiff’s claim against
the Defendants as being (somehow) a claim to recover gambling debts would
require unbearable contortion of the language of s 5 CLA as well as severe
distortion of the facts. Further, while the Defendants have tried to surmount
such obstacles by urging a “wide” and “purposeful” interpretation of ss 5(1)
and 5(2) CLA, they have not been able to explain – in the light of the CA’s
observations in Desert Palace on the public policy underlying these provisions
– the “wide purpose” to be served by bringing contracts such as the Payment
Processing Agreement within the scope of these provisions.

78 For the reasons set out above at [61] to [77], I rejected the defendant’s
argument that the Plaintiff’s action should be barred under s 5(2) CLA.

s 5(6) CLA

79 I next address the Defendants’ alternative argument that the Plaintiff’s
action should be barred under s 5(6) CLA because it was for payments made in
respect of contracts or agreements rendered null and void under s 5(1) CLA;
specifically, agreements for the customers to pay Blue SA for credit in their
BetOnline.ag accounts. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 18.

In particular, the Defendants pointed to the fact that Ms Meza had confirmed
in cross-examination that payments were made to Blue SA by its customers
“pursuant to agreements between the same parties whereby Blue High House SA
would credit customer accounts on Betonline.ag in exchange for payment of the
same sum by its customers. The customers would then be able to use the credit
in their accounts for gaming transactions or wagering”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 20.

The Defendants argued that these agreements between Blue SA and its customers
fell within s 5(1) of the CLA as they were contracts by way of gaming or
wagering; and that it followed that insofar as the gaming transactions arose
“as a result of and in the process by which such agreements for gaming and
wagering are effected, the gaming transactions also fall within section 5(1)
of the CLA”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 20.

80 Sections 5(1) and 5(6) of the CLA state:

Agreement by way of gaming or wagering to be null and void

(1) All contracts or agreements, whether by parol or in writing, by way of
gaming or wagering shall be null and void.

…

Promises to repay sums paid under such contracts to be null and void

(6) Any promise, express or implied, to pay any person any sum of money paid
by him under or in respect of any contract or agreement rendered null and void
by subsections (1) and (2), or to pay any sum of money by way of commission,
fee, reward or otherwise in respect of any such contract or of any services in
relation thereto or in connection therewith, shall be null and void, and no
action shall be brought or maintained to recover any such sum of money.

81 It is not disputed that s 5(6) CLA is in pari materia with s 1 of the UK
Gaming Act 1892. Any attempt to construe s 5(6) and to ascertain its scope
should accordingly take into account the background to the enactment of s 1 of
the UK Gaming Act 1892. This was explained in detail by Selvam J in Star
Cruise. As Selvam J noted, it was the English Court of Appeal’s decision in
Read v Anderson [1884] 13 QBD 779 (CA) which first presented a major problem
of construction of the Gaming Act 1845. In Read v Anderson, the plaintiff was
a middleman (known as a “turf commission agent”) who placed bets with the
betting house on behalf of punters. The wagering contract was thus between the
betting house and the agent, who received the commission on the turnover. The
plaintiff placed a number of bets in his own name at the defendant’s request
and paid them. The defendant subsequently tried, but failed, to withdraw the
bets before the results were known. The bets were lost and the defendant
refused to pay. The plaintiff sued him to recover the losses as an indemnity,
pursuant to the law of agency. The plaintiff’s action succeeded at first
instance and the defendant’s appeal was dismissed by majority decision of the
English Court of Appeal. Brett MR, the dissenting judge, opined that the law
in force at that time – ie, s 18 of the Gaming Act 1845 – rendered the
wagering debt and the indemnity based on it null and void, and prohibited any
action on the same. In Brett MR’s words:

It is true [the plaintiff’s business] is not illegal but it is a business to
which the law has an objection, and the law will not allow contracts made in
such a business to be enforced. It seems to me that it is a business of which
the law should not take notice, and therefore, that the law should disregard
the inconvenience to which the plaintiff would be put if he did not pay and
were turned out of the betting ring.

82 In Cohen v Kittel [1888] 2 QBD 680 (Div Ct), the defendant was also a turf
commission agent who had been employed by the plaintiff to bet on commission.
The defendant having failed to make certain bets pursuant to the plaintiff’s
instructions, the plaintiff sued him for breach of contract as his agent,
claiming as damages the excess of gains over losses which should have been
received by the defendant (after deducting his commission) had he made the
bets in question. At first instance, the plaintiff obtained judgment for the
full amount claimed. However, the defendant’s appeal was allowed by the
Divisional Court (Huddleston B and Manisty J). Manisty J, in his judgment,
held that the position of the agent in such a case did not differ from that of
a stakeholder under the third limb of s 18 of the Gaming Act 1845. He
expressed agreement with Brett MR’s dissenting judgment in Read v Anderson. In
his view:

A decision in favour of the plaintiff in this case would still further defeat
the object of this statute which as the preamble shews, was to add to the
strictness of the law with regard to gambling. Since the Act passed, however,
and in consequence, as I cannot help but think, of some of the decisions upon
it, the practice which it was intended to discountenance has greatly
increased, and with results of a most disastrous character, as regards both
horse-racing and transactions in stock. The contracts avoided by the 18th
section are not, it is to be observed, “contracts of gaming and wagering”, but
“contracts by way of gaming and wagering”.

83 As Selvam J noted in Star Cruise, the UK Parliament subsequently intervened
to set the law right by enacting s 1 of the UK Gaming Act 1892, which
effectively reversed the majority decision in Read v Anderson. In subsequent
decisions, the English courts elucidated the scope of this provision.

84 In Tatam v Reeve [1893] 1 QB 44 (“Tatam”), the defendant was indebted to
four persons for bets on horse races which the defendant had made and lost. At
the defendant’s request, the plaintiff paid off these debts. The defendant
then refused to repay the plaintiff the amounts paid off, and the plaintiff
brought an action to recover the amount paid. Before the Divisional Court
(Lord Coleridge, CJ and Wills J), the plaintiff argued that his claim did not
fall afoul of s 1 of the UK Gaming Act 1892 because that Act had been passed
to strike at transactions in which the person who paid money was a party, as
agent, to the gaming contract – ie, “to get rid of the decision in Read v
Anderson”. This argument did not find favour with the Divisional Court. The
court held that the plaintiff’s claim for repayment was caught by s 1 of the
UK Gaming Act 1892 as the plaintiff was suing upon an implied promise by the
defendant to repay monies paid by the plaintiff in respect of contracts or
agreements rendered null and void by the Gaming Act 1845. In dealing with the
1892 Act, Wills J held that the words “in respect of” must have been put in
purposely by the legislature and must mean something different from “under”:
in his view, if the words were to be given any meaning at all, they must have
been intended to strike at transactions such as the one between the plaintiff
and the defendant.

85 In Saffery v Meyer [1901] 1 KB 11 (“Saffery”), the defendant claimed to
have “invented” a system for backing horses at races. A bankrupt paid the
defendant £500 to be applied to putting in operation this system for “backing
horses”. All of the money was lost by the defendant on bets made pursuant to
the arrangement he had with the bankrupt. The defendant was subsequently sued
by the trustee in bankruptcy upon three promissory notes made previously in
favour of the bankrupt by the defendant. In bringing the action, the trustee
in bankruptcy alleged that it had been agreed between the bankrupt and the
defendant that profits and losses were to be shared equally. In defending the
claim, the defendant asserted that there was no consideration for the making
of the promissory notes, these having been given in respect of gaming
transactions which were void under the 1845 and the 1892 Gaming Acts.

86 The defendant’s argument was accepted by the court. Referencing Tatam, the
court held that the case really involved an implied promise by the defendant
to pay to the bankrupt a sum of money in respect of contracts or agreements
made by way of gaming or wagering – ie, in respect of contracts rendered null
and void by the 1845 Gaming Act; and as such, the case came exactly within the
words of s 1 of the 1892 Act.

87 In De Mattos v Benjamin [1894] 42 WR 284 (“De Mattos”), the question was
whether, when an agent had received the amount of a bet placed by him on
behalf of a principal, the principal could recover from the agent the amount
so received by him. The plaintiff, De Mattos, had employed the defendant
Benjamin as his agent to make bets for him. The account provided by the
defendant showed a balance due to the plaintiff, which the former failed to
pay. The plaintiff brought an action against the defendant for monies had and
received. At first instance, it was held that the plaintiff was deprived by
the operation of the 1845 and the 1892 Gaming Acts of his right to recover the
monies. On appeal, this decision was reversed. The appellate court (Lord
Coleridge, CJ and Day J) accepted that the 1892 Act made illegal all parts of
the transaction included in its scope, including the act of a person who, as a
commission agent, effected an illegal contract. However, it “did not enact
that, if a sum of money is paid by A to C to pay over to B, B may set them
both at defiance, and put the money into his own pocket”.

88 De Mattos and the various cases that came after it (eg, Thomas Cheshire &
Co v Vaughan Brothers & Co [1920] 3 KB 240) were cited and followed in Close v
Wilson [2010] EWCA Civ 5 (“Close”). In Close, the plaintiff claimed that he
had paid the defendant £20,000 for the purpose of the defendant placing bets
on horses to lose certain races. According to the plaintiff, it was agreed
that his “capital investment” of £20,000 was guaranteed to be paid back no
matter what happened to the bets placed, and that he would also receive a set
percentage return on the value of his investment. No money was repaid by the
defendant, and the plaintiff sued for the recovery of his £20,000. The
plaintiff asserted that a large part of the £20,000 had gone into the
defendant’s personal bank account and had been used for his personal benefit.
At first instance, the court held that the plaintiff could not sue to recover
the £20,000 because his dispute with the defendant was really “a squabble
about betting and gaming”, and their arrangement was null and void under the
two Gaming Acts of the 1800s.

89 On appeal by the plaintiff, the English Court of Appeal reversed the first-
instance decision. Toulson LJ, with whose judgment Wilson LJ and Arden LJ
agreed, held that it did not matter ultimately whether the relationship
between the plaintiff and the defendant was regarded as one of agency, loan or
a joint venture of an individual kind: on any view, the defendant’s (assumed)
promise to repay the £20,000 was a promise to repay money paid by the
plaintiff in respect of bets which were to be placed. The promise was
therefore void under s 1 of the 1892 Act. However, if part of the money was
used for bets which were successful, it followed from authorities such as De
Mattos that the plaintiff would be entitled to the proceeds under the law of
restitution. If part of it had been used by the defendant for his own
purposes, the plaintiff would likewise be entitled to recover that sum under
ordinary principles of restitution. The explanation of the principle
established in De Mattos was –

25 …(A)lthough an agreement by an agent to place a bet for the principal is an
agreement to enter into a void contract, and therefore the agent cannot be
sued for failing to do so, any money which he in fact receives through placing
the bet is nonetheless money which he receives on behalf of his principal. The
principal is therefore entitled to recover that money from the agent as money
had and received or, in modern terminology, under the law of restitution. It
is no answer for the agent to say that he received it in respect of a null and
void contract…

31 …[This case] would be simply a case in which Mr Wilson had used money
outside the scope of the agreement under which it had been provided. The
unenforceable nature of the agreement itself would be no bar to the Mr Close's
restitutionary claim if the money was used for a purpose extraneous to the
agreement. Mr Close's claim would not amount to enforcement of the agreement.
It would be for the recovery of money put by Mr Wilson to his own use.

90 Turning back to the present case, the Defendants’ submissions about the
application of ss 5(1) and 5(6) CLA to the Plaintiff’s action contended that
the payments made by the customers of Blue SA were payments made “in respect
of” contracts for gaming transactions on the BetOnline website. However, this
submission ignored the actual wording of s 5(6), which expressly addresses
“(a)ny promise, express or implied, to pay any person any sum of money paid by
him in respect of any contract or agreement rendered null and void by [ss 5(1)
and 5(2)]”. The italicised words make it clear that what s 5(6) is concerned
with is cases where A has promised to pay B any sum of money paid by B under
or in respect of any contract rendered null and void by s 5(1) / s 5(2). As
may be seen from the cases of Tatam, Saffery and Close, the Plaintiff was not
quite correct in asserting that s 5(6) CLA “is limited in its ambit to
preventing an agent from advancing a claim for losses from gambling carried
out for a principal”. Nevertheless, the bottom-line (as Toulson J pointed out
in Close) is that s 1 of the 1892 Gaming Act, which is in pari materia with
our s 5(6), renders void any promise by A to repay B money paid by B in
respect of bets to be placed – regardless of whether the relationship between
A and B is regarded as one of agency, loan or a joint venture of an individual
kind. In the present case, none of the Plaintiff’s claims was premised on a
promise by the 1st Defendant to repay the Plaintiff monies which it (the
Plaintiff) had paid in respect of any gaming or wagering contracts.

91 For the reasons set out at [79] to [90], I also rejected the Defendants’
submissions on the application of s 5(6) CLA to the present action.

Whether the alleged contract between the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant was
illegal pursuant to the RGA

92 I next address the Defendants’ submission that any alleged agreement
between the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant for payment processing services would
be illegal under the RGA. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 90.

The whole purpose of the RGA, according to the Defendants, is expressed in s 7
of the RGA and includes, inter alia, regulating remote gambling and remote
gambling services affecting Singapore, with the object of preventing remote
gambling from being a source of crime or disorder, or being associated with
crime or disorder, or being used to support crime or disorder. Parliament’s
intention was for the RGA to tackle law and order issues associated with
remote gambling, and to prohibit remote gambling operators from establishing
operations in Singapore even if they did not offer their services to the
Singapore market.

93 In particular, the Defendants pointed to s 9(2) of the RGA which makes it
an offence for a person to distribute money or money’s worth paid or staked by
others in remote gambling in accordance with arrangements made by a principal
of the agent (s 9(2)(c)), or to facilitate participation by others in remote
gambling in accordance with arrangements made by a principal of the agent,
thereby facilitating one or more individuals outside Singapore to gamble using
remote communication (s 9(2)(d)). 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 91.

The Defendants submitted that the Plaintiff, by collecting payments from
gamblers, had run afoul of s 9(2)(a)(ii) of the RGA; and that if one
considered this together with the parliamentary intention behind the RGA, it
was clear that any alleged agreement between the Plaintiff and the 1st
Defendant must be illegal and unenforceable.

94 Locally, the CA has dealt in detail with the law of illegality and public
policy in relation to contracts in its decisions in Ting Siew May v Boon Lay
Choo and another [2014] 3 SLR 609 (“Ting Siew May”) and Ochroid Trading Ltd
and another v Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import & Export) and another
[2018] 1 SLR 363 (“Ochroid”). As the CA noted in Ochroid (at [22] and
[64]–[65]), the law of illegality and public policy in the law of contract has
traditionally been divided into two broad (or general) areas – statutory
illegality and illegality at common law (see Ting Siew May at [27]). The
common thread running through both areas is this: the first stage of the
inquiry is to ascertain whether the contract (as opposed to merely the
conduct) is prohibited. If indeed the contract is prohibited, then there can
be no recovery whatsoever pursuant to the (illegal) contract; put simply, the
contract concerned is void and unenforceable and cannot be “saved” by any
balancing (or, indeed, any other) process. This is subject to the caveat that,
in the general common law category of contracts which are not unlawful per se
but entered into with the object of committing an illegal act (and only in
this category), the proportionality principle laid down in Ting Siew May ([4]
supra) ought to be applied to determine if the contract is enforceable.
However, that may not be the end to the matter as a party who has transferred
benefits pursuant to the illegal contract might be able to recover those
benefits on a restitutionary basis (as opposed to recovery of full contractual
damages): this is the second stage of the inquiry.

95 In the present case, the Defendants relied on statutory illegality and not
common law illegality. The principles relevant to statutory illegality were
summarised by the CA in Ochroid as follows (at [27]–[28]):

27 … Where it is alleged that the contract is prohibited by statute, the court
will have to examine the legislative purpose of the relevant provision in
order to determine whether the provision was intended to prohibit the contract
(and not merely the illegal conduct). This is a question of statutory
interpretation.

28 In Ting Siew May ([4] supra), this court approved the seminal judgment of
Devlin J in St John Shipping Corporation v Joseph Rank Ltd [1957] 1 QB 267
(“St John Shipping”), and the nuanced approach to statutory illegality laid
down in that case (see, generally, Ting Siew May at [103]−[116]). The
fundamental question is whether the statutory provision concerned is intended
to prohibit only the conduct of the parties or whether it is, instead,
intended to prohibit not only the conduct but also the contract (see Ting Siew
May at [106]). Where the statutory provision is clear, this would be a
situation of “express prohibition” (see Ting Siew May at [107]–[109]). In so
far as the category of “implied prohibition” is concerned, the court will be
slow to imply the statutory prohibition of contracts. Thus, it will not be
held that any contract or class of contracts is impliedly prohibited by
statute unless there is a “clear implication” or “necessary inference” that
this was what the statute intended (see Ting Siew May at [110]). Judicial
reticence in this particular regard is warranted as statutory illegality
generally takes no account of the parties’ subjective intentions or relative
culpability and could render contracts unenforceable even where the infraction
was committed unwittingly. The restricted approach to implied prohibition is
also justified given the proliferation of administrative and regulatory
provisions in modern legislation (see Ting Siew May at [111]). At the same
time, any concern that contracts involving statutory contraventions might go
unpunished will be addressed by the common law principles on contractual
illegality…

96 In their amended defences, the Defendants – invoking s 9(2)(c) RGA –
pleaded that “the payments processed by the Plaintiff on behalf of its
principal affiliates are paid by customers of online gaming websites”.
According to the Defendants, the alleged Payment Processing Agreement
“facilities the distribution of money or money’s worth paid or staked by
others in remote gambling in accordance with arrangements made by the
Plaintiff and/or its principals, and as a result facilitates one or more
individuals in and/or outside Singapore to gamble using remote communication”.
In their closing submissions, the Defendants also purported to rely on s
9(2)(d) and s 9(2)(a)(ii) RGA. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 91 and 93.

97 Insofar as the Defendants purported to rely on s 9(2)(a)(ii) RGA, this was
apparently based on their assertion that the Plaintiff was “collecting
gambling bets from gamblers”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 93.

However, this was an assertion without any factual basis whatsoever. As the
Defendants themselves acknowledge elsewhere in their closing submissions, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 11 – 13.

the evidence adduced from the Plaintiffs’ witnesses showed that the payments
were made by customers of Blue SA to ensure their BetOnline accounts were in
credit. While it might be true that these customers intended to utilise the
credit to engage in subsequent online gaming transactions, it would be
factually and linguistically incorrect to say that by making the payments to
top up their BetOnline accounts, they were thereby placing or making bets on
BetOnline.ag – or that the Plaintiffs, by arranging for the processing and
eventual collection of such payments – was thereby “receiving or accepting
bets” within the meaning of s 9(2)(a)(ii) RGA.

98 As for the Defendants’ apparent reliance on s 9(2)(c) RGA and/or s 9(2)(d),
apart from reproducing the words of these two provisions in their closing
submissions, the Defendants failed to explain why the Plaintiff – in arranging
for the processing and collection of the payments – should be regarded as
having engaged in the activity of distributing “money or money’s worth paid or
staked by others in remote gambling in accordance with arrangements made by
[its] principal”. I agreed with the Plaintiff that it was not possible to say,
on a plain reading of these provisions, that they extended to the Plaintiffs’
action.

99 More fundamentally, even assuming for the sake of argument that the
Plaintiff’s conduct fell within one of the categories of conduct proscribed in
s 9(2) RGA, this was not enough to establish the defence of statutory
illegality. As the Defendants themselves accepted, in order to invoke
successfully the defence of statutory illegality, they needed to establish not
only that the statutory provision concerned was intended to prohibit the
illegal conduct – but also that it was intended to prohibit the contract.
Here, again, the Defendants’ closing submissions failed to provide any
elucidation: there was no explanation as to how s 9 RGA had the effect of
prohibiting the alleged Payment Processing Agreement. I agreed with the
Plaintiff that a plain reading of s 9(2) RGA revealed no such express
prohibition.

100 Rather oddly, the Defendants made no submissions on whether s 9(2)
contained an implied prohibition of the alleged Payment Processing Agreement.
In this connection, as seen from the CA’s judgment in Ochroid, the court will
be slow to imply the statutory prohibition of contracts. The Defendants did
not explain why I should find a “clear implication” or “necessary inference”
that the prohibition of the Payment Processing Agreement was what the RGA
intended. Indeed, the Ministerial articulation of the legislative intention
behind the RGA during the relevant Parliamentary debates militated against any
such implication or inference. In the Second Reading of the Remote Gambling
Bill (Bill No 23/2014) (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (7
October 2014) vol 92) (“RGA Debates”), the Second Minister for Home Affairs Mr
S Iswaran stated that the purpose of the RGA legislation was as follows:

… first, to tackle the law and order issues associated with remote gambling;
second, to protect young persons and other vulnerable persons from being
harmed or exploited by remote gambling.

101 Explaining further in his speech what the Bill was designed to do, the
Minister stated:

The Bill will criminalise the entire spectrum of remote gambling, from
individual gamblers to facilitators, agents and runners, to operators. The
Bill also provides for website and payment transaction blocking measures, as
well as advertising bans. It has provided for exemption under stringent
conditions.

102 The legislative purpose and policy considerations articulated in the RGA
Debates provided no basis at all for any implication or inference that the
legislation was intended to outlaw contracts for the processing of payments
which might eventually be followed by online gambling transactions. In fact,
the Minister made it clear that insofar as payment transactions were
concerned, the stoppage of such transactions was intended to be dealt with –
not by the prohibition of contracts for payment processing services – but by
payment blocking orders which would be applied for on a case-by-case basis by
authorised officers and issued against the financial transaction providers
specified in such orders (see in this respect s 21 RGA).

103 I add that although the Plaintiff made submissions on the doctrine of
stultification in relation to their non-contractual claims, the Defendants did
not plead that the application of the doctrine in this case should render the
non-contractual claims unenforceable. Nor did the Defendants make any
submissions on this issue. In any event, the question of whether allowing the
non-contractual claims would give rise to stultification of policy would only
arise if the alleged Payment Processing Agreement were found to be illegal.
For the reasons stated at [92] to [102], I did not find the defence of
illegality to be made out.

Whether there was a contract between the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant for the
provision of payment processing services

104 Although I rejected the Defendants’ submissions on ss 5(2) and 5(6) of the
CLA and on the defence of illegality under the RGA, the Plaintiff still bore
the burden of proving its case against the Defendants on a balance of
probabilities. To recapitulate: the first of the multiple causes of action
pleaded by the Plaintiff (and the one which it spent the most time and effort
seeking to establish at trial) was in contract: the Plaintiff claimed that
there was a contract between it and the 1st Defendant – ie, the Payment
Processing Agreement, which (according to the Plaintiff) was concluded on 15
August 2019 between its representative Ms Meza (alias “Sloane Stone”) and Mr
Berger who allegedly acted on behalf of the 1st Defendant. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 6.

In its amended reply, the Plaintiff pleaded that Mr Berger had actual
authority, or alternatively, apparent authority, to “act on behalf of the 1st
Defendant” and “as its representative” in “agreeing to offer payment
processing services to the Plaintiff”. Alternatively, the 1st Defendant was
said to have “ratified” the Payment Processing Agreement negotiated and
entered into by Mr Berger and to be “estopped from denying that it is bound”
by the said agreement. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Reply (Amendment No. 4) at para 5.5.

The Plaintiff claimed that the 1st Defendant breached its contractual duties
under the Payment Processing Agreement by failing to pay over to the Plaintiff
the sum of US$2,680,535.21, and that the 2nd Defendant knowingly induced or
procured the 1st Defendant’s breach of contract. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 22.

105 On the Defendants’ part, as seen earlier, they contended that the 1st
Defendant was not the contracting party to the Payment Processing Agreement:
their case was that the Plaintiff had contracted with Mr Berger, and that the
latter had in turn made use of services from other entities -including the 1st
Defendant – so as to fulfil his contractual obligations to process the third-
party customer payments.

Ascertaining the parties to a contract: General approach

106 By way of general principle, whether or not a particular entity is party
to a contract turns on an issue of contractual formation. In iVenture Card Ltd
and others v Big Bus Singapore City Sightseeing Pte Ltd and others [2022] 1
SLR 302 (“iVenture”), the CA set out the general approach to be taken. In that
case, the appellants, iVenture Card Ltd (“iVenture Card”), iVenture Card
International Pty Ltd (“iVenture International”) and iVenture Card Travel Ltd
(“iVenture Travel”) were part of the iVenture Group which was in the business
of developing and marketing tourist packages globally. The 1st and 2nd
respondents – Big Bus Singapore City Sightseeing Pte Ltd and Singapore
Ducktours Pte Ltd respectively – were part of the Duck and HiPPO Group (a
Singapore tourism business). iVenture Card and the respondents entered into a
business collaboration to develop a co-branded tourist pass (the “iVenture
Pass”). In the course of their dealings with each other, parties entered into
an informal oral “Reseller Arrangement” under which entities in the iVenture
Group were permitted to resell the iVenture Pass on the 1st Respondent’s
behalf in exchange for commissions. The parties’ working relationship later
broke down, and the appellants sued the respondents for breach of contract,
breach of confidence, as well as the torts of inducing breach of contract and
conspiracy. One of the disputed issues was whether it was iVenture Card or
iVenture Travel who was the contracting party to the Reseller Arrangement. In
considering this issue, the CA started by pointing out (at [26]) that:

This issue [whether iVenture Card or iVenture Travel was the contracting party
to the Reseller Arrangement] turns on a question of contractual formation, ie,
whether, at the material time, the parties intended iVenture Travel or
iVenture Card to be the contracting party to the Reseller Arrangement: see ST
Group Co Ltd and others v Sanum Investments Ltd and another appeal [2020] 1
SLR 1 at [59]-[60].

107 In iVenture, the CA affirmed the trial Judge’s finding that it was
iVenture Card and not iVenture Travel who was the proper party to the Reseller
Agreement. The CA held that on the evidence available, there were three
reasons for this finding. First, the Reseller Agreement had been entered into
around the time of the Licence and Service Level Agreements which had been
concluded between iVenture Card and Big Bus. Given the number of transactions
and the modest sums involved, it only made business sense if these sales were
aggregated to one entity within the iVenture Group, and that was most likely
to be iVenture Card. The business being transacted under the Reseller
Agreement was accessory or incidental to the Licence Agreement which was
between iVenture Card and Big Bus (iVenture at [31]). Further, there was no
evidence that Big Bus was even aware of iVenture Travel’s existence prior to
the Reseller Agreement. The CA also noted that the appellants themselves had
originally pleaded that iVenture Card and not iVenture Travel was the
contracting party to the Reseller Agreement; and that the contractual clause
in the Licence Agreement which iVenture Card relied on actually created no
legally binding contract in itself.

108 It is hornbook law that the courts take an objective approach in
considering the question of contractual formation (Andrew Phang Boon Leong
(gen ed) The Law of Contract in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2022)
at [03.006] – [03.020]; Goh Yihan, The Interpretation of Contracts in
Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 2018) at [2.040]). Accordingly, the same objective
approach applies in determining who the proper parties to a contract are.

109 As Jason Coppel QC (sitting as a Deputy High Court Judge) (“Coppel QC”) in
Diane Lumley v Foster & Co Group Ltd and ors [2022] EWHC 54 (TCC) (“Lumley”)
has noted (at [6] and [22], citing Hamid t/a Hamid Properties v Francis
Bradshaw Partnership [2013] EWCA 470 and Estor Ltd v Multifit (UK) Ltd [2009]
EWHC 2565):

The question of who were the parties to the contract is one to be determined
by the Court on the basis of an objective test. “The question is what a
reasonable person, furnished with the relevant information, would conclude.
The private thoughts of the protagonists concerning who was contracting with
whom are irrelevant and inadmissible”…

“.. Where, as here in this case, one cannot ascertain from the offer and
acceptance who the employing party was, it must be legitimate to consider what
the parties said to each other and what they did in the period leading up to
the acceptance in order to determine who that party was intended to be. It was
accepted, properly, by both Counsel, that in determining a factual issue such
as this, the court needs to adopt an objective approach and to consider the
facts known to both parties and what was said orally or in writing between the
relevant individuals. The fact that one individual went to or left a meeting,
believing privately that the contract was to be with a particular party, would
be of little or no weight or assistance in determining who the contract was
with, unless there was reliable evidence that that belief was expressed to
others at the meeting. Obviously, where there was an issue as to the identity
of a party entering into a contract, if there was evidence that
representatives of each party had met before the contract was signed and had
said to each other that the contract was to be between X and Y, that would be
admissible and relevant in determining who the parties to the contract were to
be. If however the evidence about what was said and done was not as explicit
and clear as that, one needs to construe or infer objectively what reasonable
parties would have assumed would be the position based on what was said or
done. Thus, it might well be the case that, if one party said that payments
would be made by X, that would be evidence which would point, objectively
albeit not necessarily conclusively, to X being one of the parties. Similarly,
if X and Y in their discussions and correspondence prior to the creation of
the contract only talked about X and Y in the context of their discussions,
that might well be a factor which objectively pointed to those two parties
being parties to the contract.”

110 The decision in Lumley is instructive for our present purposes. In that
case, the claimant had brought a claim against the six defendants for breach
of a contract whereby one or more of the defendants had agreed to carry out
construction works on her home. The works were performed in an allegedly sub-
standard manner with the result that the property was scarcely habitable, and
as a result, the value of the property had diminished and substantial remedial
works were required. It was common ground between the parties that a contract
had been concluded at a meeting at the property itself on 21 June 2016 which
was attended by the claimant and the 2nd defendant: the dispute was as to
which individual or entity among the defendants was the contracting party. The
claimant pleaded that the contract had been concluded by the 2nd defendant on
behalf of all the defendants; alternatively, that she had contracted with the
2nd defendant, Mr Foster, or with both Mr Foster and his wife who together
traded as Foster & Co or The Foster & Co Group. The pleaded defence was that
the contract had been concluded between the claimant and the 5th defendant
instead. If the defendants were correct, then the claim was worthless, as the
5th defendant had ceased trading and was in the process of being wound up.
Directions were given for a trial of the preliminary issue as to which of the
defendants was a contracting party to the contract with the claimant.

111 At the trial of this preliminary issue, Coppel QC held that the central
question was whether the objective facts surrounding the meeting on 21 June
2016 indicated that Mr Foster had entered into the contract in a personal
capacity, or whether he had done so on behalf of a company. On the evidence
available, he noted that Mr Foster had been “concerned to give every
impression that the claimant was reaching agreement with him, that she could
trust him and that he would be personally responsible for the project”. It was
“far from clear” that Mr Foster had attended the 21 June 2016 meeting on
behalf of the 5th defendant or another corporate entity. Coppel QC also noted
that on the one hand, there was some evidence that a Ms Moore whom the
claimant had dealt with post 21 June 2016 was an employee of the 1st
defendant, and that there were certain corporate entities who carried out work
for the Foster & Co business, in at least one of which Mr Foster held the
position of director. On the other hand, Mr Foster’s modus operandi was to
present himself as the face of the Foster & Co brand, whilst leaving opaque
the network of entities who did the work which he brought in. The suspicion
that that opacity was a deliberate tactic was heightened by what appeared to
have been a pattern of group companies ceasing to trade and/or becoming
insolvent, only for other entities to be used in their place. Whatever the
reason for this tactic, the fact remained that there were many respects in
which Mr Foster appeared to present himself as “Foster & Co”, an
unincorporated entity. Coppel QC noted that it might be unconventional for a
sole trader to operate on an unincorporated basis alongside corporate entities
– but nothing was clear about Mr Foster’s business arrangements either before
or after the meeting on 21 June 2016, or about the capacity in which Mr Foster
attended that meeting, when the onus lay upon him to make it so. Indeed, once
he had established rapport and trust between himself and the claimant, he had
made multiple representations to the claimant at the meeting on 21 June 2016
in order to induce her to enter into the contract, without any indication that
the contract would in fact be with the 5th defendant, or any other corporate
entity. On his own admission, he had also failed to follow his usual practice
of formalising a written contract with the customer which would make clear
which entity the customer was contracting with. For these reasons, Coppel QC
found that the objective meaning and effect of Mr Foster’s representations was
that he personally was reaching agreement with the claimant.

Preliminary issues

Reliance on evidence of subsequent conduct

112 In the preceding paragraphs (at [106]–[111]), I have set out the objective
approach which the courts will adopt when it seeks to ascertain whether a
particular entity is party to a contract. The general principles I set out
above informed my approach to the issue of whether the 1st Defendant was the
contracting party to the Payment Processing Agreement with the Plaintiff.
Before I explain my findings on this issue, I address three other preliminary
issues relating to the evaluation of the evidence adduced by both sides.

113 The first issue relates to the use of evidence of subsequent conduct. This
is relevant because in the course of the proceedings, the Plaintiff sought to
rely on their dealings with Ms Alfaro subsequent to 15 August 2019 as evidence
that the 1st Defendant was the contracting party to the Payment Processing
Agreement. According to the Plaintiff, Ms Alfaro was really an employee of the
1st Defendant, and the assistance she rendered to the Plaintiff on various
payment processing matters was in pursuance of the 1st Defendant’s obligations
under the Payment Processing Agreement. I will address this submission in due
course in these written grounds. Insofar as the Plaintiff sought to rely on
this evidence, regard should be had to the recent judgment of the CA in The
Luna and another appeal [2021] 2 SLR 1054 (“The Luna”).

114 In The Luna, the CA held (at [30]–[31]) that there was a difference
between the approach towards ascertaining the formation of a contract, and the
approach to be taken in interpreting the terms of a contract:

30 It is important to bear in mind that in this case, the court is not simply
construing a particular term of the Vopak BL. Instead, it is ascertaining the
parties’ intentions behind the issuance of the Vopak BLs, specifically,
whether the parties had intended for the Vopak BLs to have contractual force
and to operate as documents of title. This goes towards the existence of a
contract, rather than its interpretation. This is an important distinction.
Despite the close similarity in the techniques used in interpretation cases
and formation cases, as well as the overarching emphasis on the objective
principle and contextualism (see Gerard McMeel, McMeel on the Construction of
Contracts (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2017 (“McMeel”) at paras
14.01–14.02), there remain significant differences between the approaches that
are employed in the two situations. In cases involving interpretation, the
parol evidence rule and the principles governing the admission of extrinsic
evidence set out in Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior
Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich Insurance”)
undoubtedly apply. In cases involving contract formation, however, the
“approach to background is wider as there is no restriction on the evidence
which the court may consider” (see McMeel at paras 14.01–14.02).

31 Such a distinction between formation and interpretation cases is sound as a
matter of principle. Although the court in both cases is concerned with
ascertaining the parties’ objective intentions, the circumstances surrounding
such an exercise are fundamentally different. In interpretation cases, the
court is ascertaining “what the parties, from an objective viewpoint,
ultimately agreed upon” [emphasis added] (see Zurich Insurance at [132(d)]).
The underlying premise is therefore that the parties had reached an agreement.
Accordingly, the parol evidence rule and the Zurich Insurance principles apply
because the parties’ mutual understanding of such agreement and its terms can
only be based on matters that were relevant, reasonably available to both
parties and related to a clear or obvious context. This premise obviously does
not apply in formation cases, where the court is considering the anterior
question of whether the parties had even reached an agreement in the first
place.

[emphasis added]

115 In the CA’s view, the appropriate approach to contract formation cases was
that adopted by VK Rajah JC (as he then was) in Midlink Development Pte Ltd v
The Stansfield Group Pte Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 258. In that case, the dispute
was over whether an oral tenancy ease agreement had been concluded between the
plaintiff and the defendant. In finding that such an agreement had been
concluded between the parties, the court had regard to the defendant’s
subsequent conduct in paying the reduced rent pursuant to the alleged oral
agreement. The court noted (at [39]) that although the defendant had delayed
signing the written tenancy agreement, his subsequent conduct only reinforced
the plaintiff’s conviction that an agreement had been reached. At [52] of his
judgment, VK Rajah JC observed (which observation the CA endorsed in The
Luna):

… In the final analysis, the touchstone is whether, in the established matrix
of circumstances, the conduct of the parties, objectively ascertained,
supports the existence of a contract. Reduced to its rudiments, it can be said
that this is essentially an exercise in intuition. Legal intentions, whether
articulated or unarticulated, should not be viewed in isolation but should be
filtered through their factual prism. …

116 In light of the above authorities, I was satisfied that in the present
case, I was entitled to consider the subsequent conduct of the parties and
their alleged representatives in determining the contracting parties to the
Payment Processing Agreement.

Reliance on Ms Alfaro’s AEIC evidence

117 I next address the second preliminary issue – the Defendants’ reliance on
Ms Alfaro’s AEIC evidence. Shortly before she was due to testify at the trial
of this action, Ms Alfaro elected to retract her AEIC and declined to attend
as a witness in the trial. This led to the Defendants filing an application
(HC/SUM 1515/2022) for leave to admit Ms Alfaro’s AEIC as a statement pursuant
to s 32(1)(j)(iv) of the Evidence Act 1893 (“EA”). The Plaintiff consented to
the application but reserved its right to make submissions at the close of
trial on the weight that this court should assign to it, pursuant to s 32(5)
of the EA.

118 According to the Plaintiff, the court should give no weight whatsoever to
Ms Alfaro’s AEIC, because the Plaintiff had not been able to cross-examine her
on contentious matters in her AEIC, and the Court itself had also not had the
opportunity to observe her demeanour so as to assess the credibility of her
evidence. The Plaintiff also argued that the contents of Ms Alfaro’s AEIC were
“wholly unreliable”, because not only had the AEIC been retracted by Ms
Alfaro, it was also inconsistent with her deposition evidence and disclosed
documents. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 39, 41–42.

119 In considering the amount of weight (if any) to be given to a statement
which has been admitted under one of the limbs of s 32(1) EA, the court should
consider “all the circumstances of the case, including the evidence which is
specifically admitted to undermine or support the credibility of the persons
involved and to corroborate or weaken the force of the statement itself…[and]
whether or not the maker of the statement had any incentive to conceal or
misrepresent the facts” (Jeffrey Pinsler, Evidence and the Litigation Process
(Singapore: LexisNexis, 7th Ed, 2020) at [6.054]).

120 In Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd [2015] 2 SLR 686 (“Gimpex”),
the plaintiff Gimpex had contracted to buy coal of a specified quality from
the first defendant Unity. A dispute arose over whether the coal received was
of satisfactory quality. In the proceedings it brought for breach of contract,
the plaintiff sought to rely inter alia on an unfavourable report on the
quality of the coal – the Intertek Report; whereas the defendants – citing s
32(3) EA - argued that this report should not be admitted. The court accepted
that the sample size taken should have been “significantly more” than what was
indicated in the Intertek Report: the plaintiff’s own expert witness and the
relevant sampling standards both indicated that more samples were required.
However, apart from there having been an inadequate number of samples taken in
producing the Intertek Report, there was no other complaint that could be
raised against it. Indeed, that was the only challenge raised by the
defendants against the report’s reliability. There was no proof or, indeed,
any allegation that the Intertek Report had been tampered with. Nor did the
defendants take issue with the fact that the coal discharged at Karachi was
not the coal that was sampled in preparing the Intertek Report. All in all,
the countervailing factors against the admission of the Intertek Report did
not clearly outweigh the benefit that would be gained by its admission (Gimpex
at [131]). Instead, having regard to the need under s 32(5) EA to assign the
appropriate weight to evidence admitted under s 32(1), the CA held that the
Intertek Report “should be accorded less weight”.

121 In Soh Guan Cheow Anthony v Public Prosecutor [2017] 3 SLR 147 (“Anthony
Soh”), the Commercial Affairs Department had enlisted the help of the
Securities Commission of Malaysia to record statements from individuals who
allegedly knew about the SCBJ account (“the MSC Statements”). On appeal, the
High Court noted that the MSC Statements contained out-of-court statements
that could not be tested under cross-examination. While the statements had
been admitted under the exception to the hearsay rule under s 32(1)(j)(ii) of
the EA, the court retained a discretion under s 32(5) of the EA to assign such
weight as it deems fit to the statements in question. Ultimately, the court
found that little weight (if any) should be granted to these statements, as
they were “of highly doubtful probative value” (at [118]): for example, the
statements of one of the individuals were internally and externally
unreliable; and one of the individuals was effectively the accused’s
accomplice and had every reason to misrepresent the facts (at [116] – [117]).

122 In the present case, I noted first of all that insofar as Ms Alfaro’s
position and her motives could be gleaned from statements made by her in the
US proceedings, her refusal to testify in Singapore and the retraction of her
AEIC did not appear to be due to fear of cross-examination in the Singapore
proceedings. Nor did I find her decision to withdraw from participation in the
Singapore trial to be in any way an implicit acknowledgement that her AEIC was
unreliable. Instead, from the statements made by Ms Alfaro in the US
proceedings, it appeared that Ms Alfaro had experienced a not inconsiderable
amount of angst and stress as a result of the Plaintiff’s efforts to depose
her in the US and to compel her to produce various documents. Ms Alfaro had
filed her AEIC in this suit on 5 October 2021; and for months afterwards,
there was no indication that she had changed her mind about testifying in the
Singapore proceedings. On 26 January 2022, however, the Plaintiff – through
their US lawyers – served on her a subpoena requiring her to testify at a
deposition the following month. There followed further motions in the US
proceedings, as Ms Alfaro initially sought to quash the subpoena but did not
succeed. In the course of the deposition on 6 April 2022, Ms Alfaro described
the US proceedings as being “very stressful” and as having caused her
“personal problems” not just in her work but also in her marriage. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 59(h); 6ABAEIC at p 217.

On top of the depositions, Ms Alfaro also found herself the subject of a
motion for sanctions filed by the Plaintiff on 11 April 2022, arising from the
disclosure of allegedly privileged materials.

123 It would appear that alongside the angst and stress resulting from these
developments, Ms Alfaro also became increasingly resentful towards the 1st and
the 2nd Defendants because of a perceived lack of support from them in
relation to her (involuntary) role in the litigation. On 5 April 2022, for
example, in filing her response to a second motion by the Plaintiff to compel
the production of documents, Ms Alfaro alluded to the financial hardship she
had been subjected to as a result of the subpoena issued against her by the
Plaintiff; and she had lamented that the 1st Defendant had failed to hire a US
attorney for her in the US proceedings or to assist with the legal expenses
she was obliged to incur. It was in these circumstances that Ms Alfaro made it
known in her response to the motion for sanctions on 12 April 2022 that she no
longer intended to testify in the Singapore proceedings. Notably, she
complained in her response that neither the 1st Defendant nor the 2nd
Defendant had stepped forward to assist her with “the legal fees and costs”
which she had incurred “as a result of the two affidavits that [she] submitted
in the Singapore Proceedings”. In her own words (from her response to the
motion for sanctions on 12 April 2022):

…I feel as though I am simply collateral damage in the ongoing legal dispute
between BHHI [the Plaintiff] and MCDP / Carbonara [the Defendants]. I wish for
this nightmare to be over soon. I will continue to abide by any Orders entered
by this Honourable Court [referring to the US courts], but I will not be a
witness in the upcoming trial in the Singapore Proceedings.

124 Second, although the Plaintiff attempted to persuade me that Ms Alfaro’s
AEIC evidence was manifestly unreliable, it appeared to me that the Plaintiff
was simply making a great deal out of a number of apparent discrepancies
between Ms Alfaro’s AEIC and her responses in the US deposition which were in
my view not significant in nature and moreover, entirely explicable.

125 For example, the Plaintiff contended that while Ms Alfaro had stated in
her AEIC that she was only assisting Mr Berger in his provision of payment
processing services to the Plaintiff, in the US deposition she had stated that
she was paid by the 1st Defendant and not Mr Berger, and she had confirmed
that the 1st Defendant was in fact the payment processor. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 46.

In the first place, given that Ms Alfaro had stated in her AEIC that Mr Berger
had instructed her to invoice the 1st Defendant and not MCC Code for her
services, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Daphne Alfaro AEIC dated 31 January 2022 at para 24.

I did not see any inconsistency in that regard.

126 Moreover, in respect of the two portions of the deposition which
supposedly showed Ms Alfaro confirming the 1st Defendant to be the payment
processor, it appeared to me that the Plaintiff had somewhat disingenuously
cherry-picked segments of Ms Alfaro’s deposition and quoted them out of
context. In one of the quoted segments where Ms Alfaro was shown apparently
confirming that the Plaintiff’s “transactions were being processed through
MCDP’s MIDs”, 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

6ABAEIC at p 763 ln 19 to p 764 ln 9.

she had also stated just a few lines above the quoted segment that she thought
“it was Mr Berger’s customers that were being processed”. As for how the
reference to “MCDP’s MIDs” should be interpreted, that was (properly speaking)
a bone of contention in this suit rather than grounds for finding Ms Alfaro’s
AEIC unreliable. As for the other quoted segment where Ms Alfaro apparently
confirmed that “for the purposes of focussing [sic] on BHH’s transactions, the
payment processor was MCDP” 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

6ABAEIC at p180 ln 13 to ln 17.

, while this particular segment did appear to contradict her AEIC evidence, I
noted that Ms Alfaro also appeared to express general confusion over the
entities involved in the payment processing arrangements, and did not have
visibility into the arrangements between the 1st and 2nd Defendants and Mr
Berger. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

6ABAEIC at p 180 ln 7 to p 185 ln 4; p 190 ln 7 to ln 25.

127 Insofar as the Plaintiff submitted that they would be prejudiced by their
inability to cross-examine Ms Alfaro if any weight were to be given to her
AEIC, as the Defendants pointed out, a copy of Ms Alfaro’s AEIC had already
been in the Plaintiff’s possession for some months prior to the proceedings
for the US deposition were commenced. If indeed there had been significant
inconsistencies between Ms Alfaro’s AEIC and the answers she gave in the US
deposition, it was open to the Plaintiff to ask her about such
inconsistencies: the Plaintiff’s US attorney, Ms Nyana Abreu Miller (“Ms
Miller”) accepted in cross-examination in this trial that it was open to the
Plaintiff to explore Ms Alfaro’s evidence on the issues in dispute during her
US deposition. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript dated 22 April 2022 at p 23 ln 10 – p 24 ln 12.

I accept that this would not be quite the same as cross-examining Ms Alfaro in
this trial: as the Plaintiff observed in its submissions, a deposition is
“exploratory” in nature, rather than being designed for the specific purpose
of testing a witness’ evidence. In this connection, however, it must also be
pointed out that even as it urged me to give no weight to Ms Alfaro’s AEIC,
the Plaintiff was content to place weight on her answers in the US deposition
– despite the fact that the evidence recorded in the deposition was similarly
not tested in cross-examination in this trial. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 40.

In my view, what the Plaintiff really wanted was for the court to accord
weight to untested deposition statements by Ms Alfaro which the Plaintiff
considered more favourable to its case, while ignoring untested affidavit
statements which seemed disadvantageous to its case. In my view, this was an
illogical and (again) somewhat disingenuous position to take.

128 For the reasons set out above, I rejected the Plaintiff’s argument that Ms
Alfaro’s AEIC should be given no weight at all under s 32(5) EA. At the same
time, I acknowledged that since the contents of the AEIC had not been tested
in cross-examination in this trial, the weight to be given to this evidence
should be somewhat less than the weight given to other evidence which had been
tested in cross-examination.

Relevance of the Plaintiff’s Expert Witness’s Testimony

129 The third preliminary issue I address is the relevance of the evidence
given by the Plaintiff’s expert witness, Mr Richard L. Hartung (“Mr Hartung”).
Mr Hartung is a cards and payments consultant based in Singapore. In his
expert report, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Richard L. Hartung’s AEIC at RH-1.

Mr Hartung stated that he had been engaged by the Plaintiff to do two things:
first, to provide an “overview and explanation of payment processing”; second,
to address the 1st Defendant’s role in the processing of payments made by
third-party customers.

130 In respect of the first matter, Mr Hartung provided what was essentially
an elaboration on the process summarised at [8] to [9] of these written
grounds. In respect of the second, an examination of Mr Hartung’s report
revealed that what he had sought to do was to volunteer his opinion on matters
which were factual in nature and which fell outside his remit as an expert
witness. For example, based on his interpretation of the agreement between the
1st Defendant and Feenicia (an entity which operated and made available a
number of MIDs), Mr Hartung opined that the 1st Defendant “appears to be the
party that had access to the relevant MIDs through which the third party funds
were processed”. From this, he also purported to draw the conclusion that “it
appears that [the 1st Defendant] was the intermediary between the acquirer and
[the Plaintiff]”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Richard L. Hartung’s AEIC at RH-1, paras 58 & 61\.

As another example: based on his interpretation of the 1st Defendant’s
contract with Coriunder (the entity from which the 1st Defendant purchased the
Merchant Control Panel software), Mr Hartung opined that given the contractual
requirements for the 1st Defendant to maintain various aspects of software
usage and to use the software platform solely for its business, it “would not
make sense or be reasonable” for the 1st Defendant to permit Berger to manage
the software platform and use it for his business as well. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Richard L. Hartung’s AEIC at RH-1 para 40; BAEIC pp 478–479.

In yet another example, Mr Hartung stated that Settlement Reports which he had
been given appeared to show the 1st Defendant receiving fees such as “Approved
and Declined Transaction Fees”, “Chargeback Fees”, “Refund Fees” and “Weekly
maintenance fees”, which – according to him – were “typically” fees for
services rendered by a payment processor. He then opined that this “indicates”
that the 1st Defendant was “the entity providing payment processing services”.
114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Richard L. Hartung’s AEIC at RH-1 para 48; BAEIC p 482.

131 The expression of such opinions by Mr Hartung in his expert report was a
cause for concern because as the Defendants have pointed out, it is the
function of the trial judge is to make findings of fact; and where expert
evidence is concerned, there is a prohibition against arrogating the court’s
fact-finding function to the expert. This is known as the ultimate issue rule
which finds its roots in English law and which has also found expression in a
number of Singapore cases.

132 In Cheong Soh Chin and others v Eng Chiet Shoong and others [2019] 4 SLR
714, Vinodh Coomaraswamy J was concerned with the taking of an account on
wilful default basis from the defendants, who had been ordered to render an
account to the plaintiffs of their dealings with the plaintiffs’ assets, and
to return those assets. The plaintiffs falsified certain disbursements made by
the defendants as being unauthorised use of trust monies, and surcharged the
account for monies that the plaintiffs claimed should be credited to the
corpus of the trust. Both parties had engaged forensic accountants as expert
witnesses who proceeded to express their views on various matters, including,
inter alia, whether an expense was incurred, whether money was paid out for a
valid reason, and whether a disputed expense should be allowed or disallowed.
Coomaraswamy J held that in expressing these views, the experts had ventured
beyond the remit of an expert, not only because “questions as to whether any
specific expense should be allowed or disallowed when taking an account on a
wilful default basis [was] outside the realm of a forensic accountant’s
expertise”, it also contravened the ultimate issue rule. As Coomaraswamy J put
it (at [35]):

…That rule prohibits an expert from giving his opinion on the very issue which
the court has to decide. While the rule has lost some force today, especially
in civil cases, it remains live. On this point, the Court of Appeal’s
observations in Eu Lim Hoklai v PP [2011] 3 SLR 167 at [44] bear repeating:

Ultimately, all questions – whether of law or of fact – placed before a court
are intended to be adjudicated and decided by a judge and not by experts. An
expert or scientific witness is there only to assist the court in arriving at
its decision; he or she is not there to arrogate the court’s functions to
himself or herself …

133 Coomaraswamy J’s decision was cited in the recent case of Baker, Michael A
(executor of the estate of Chantal Burnison, deceased) v BCS Business
Consulting Services Pte Ltd and others [2022] 3 SLR 252 (“Michael Baker”). In
Michael Baker, the defendants had been ordered to provide the plaintiff with a
detailed account of all transactions that had taken place in respect of the
Trust Assets and/or Trust Monies which the defendants had earlier been held to
be holding on trust for the plaintiff. The plaintiff disputed the account
provided by the defendants, whereupon the defendants attempted to rely on the
fact that certain outgoings on the account had been verified by their expert,
Mr Arora. The court held (at [56]) that insofar as Mr Arora was expressing “a
view that certain expenses were documented to his satisfaction as a matter of
accounting practice”, such evidence could be taken into account as part of the
factual background. However, his opinion would not and could not be
“determinative of any matter that [was] properly for [the] court to decide,
including whether outgoings were in fact incurred, and more importantly,
whether they were properly incurred”. His evidence had no real bearing on the
latter question at all, since the question of falsification (which was a
matter of the court’s supervision of the accounting process) was not one that
was properly within his expertise.

134 In the present case, the question of whether the Plaintiff had contracted
with the 1st Defendant for it to provide payment processing services was a key
issue on which I had ultimately to make a finding of fact. Insofar as Mr
Hartung sought to put forward his opinion on the identity of the party with
whom the Plaintiff had contracted, such opinion evidence was in contravention
of the ultimate issue rule and had no bearing on the factual issue which I had
to decide.

Agency principles: The law relating to actual and apparent authority

135 I next set out the legal principles relating to actual authority and
apparent authority. It will be recalled that the Plaintiff pleaded that Mr
Berger had actual or apparent authority from the 1st Defendant to negotiate
and enter into the Payment Processing Agreement.

The law on actual authority

136 In Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito & another [2013] 4 SLR 308 (“Alwie
Handoyo”), the CA explained the essence of an agency relationship and the
concept of actual authority as follows:

148 Clearly and self-evidently, the agent itself needs to consent to being the
agent. The essence of consent between the principal and agent was captured
succinctly by Lord Pearson in Garnac Grain Company Incorporated v H M F Faure
& Fairclough Ltd [1968] AC 1130 at 1137:

The relationship of principal and agent can only be established by the consent
of the principal and agent. They will be held to have consented if they have
agreed to what amounts in law to such a relationship, even if they do not
recognise it themselves and even if they have professed to disclaim it … . But
the consent must have been given by each of them, either expressly or by
implication from their words and conduct. Primarily, one looks to what they
said and did at the time of the alleged creation of the agency. Earlier words
and conduct may afford evidence of a course of dealing in existence at that
time and may be taken into account more generally as historical background.
Later words and conduct may have some bearing, though likely to be less
important. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

149 Consent by the agent is indisputably required to form an agency
relationship. Even the Respondents’ own authority, Leo Vincent Pola v
Commonwealth Bank of Australia [1997] FCA 1476, adopted the same position (at
12–13 of the unreported judgment):

In general, no formality is necessary for the appointment of an agent to act
on behalf of his principal … . It is only necessary that the principal and
agent consent to the relationship … If the facts fairly disclose that one
party is acting for or representing another by the latter’s authority, the
agency exists: Fields at 103. … With respect to the agent’s consent, if the
principal requests another to act for him with respect to a matter and
indicates that the other is to act without further communication and the other
consents so to act, the relation of principal and agent exists. If the other
does the requested act, it is inferred that he acts as agent unless the
circumstances dictate otherwise … [emphasis added by the Respondents
underlined; emphasis added in bold italics]

137 In Alwie Handoyo, the parties were involved in three transactions for the
sale and purchase of shares in two Indonesian companies. As part of the
agreement for the first transaction, a substantial portion of the purchase
price of US$18m was paid to two companies, “Aventi” and “OAFL”, in the form of
cash and shares in a Singapore public-listed company known as “MEGL”. However,
the respondents subsequently claimed that it was the first respondent Tjong –
and not Aventi and OAFL – who should receive the full US$18m. One of the
questions which the CA dealt with in its decision was whether OAFL had
received the MEGL shares as an agent of the respondents. Aventi and OAFL were
authorised under the sale and purchase agreements to receive the payments for
and on behalf of the respondents. At first instance, the trial judge made a
finding that OAFL had consented to becoming an agent by virtue of the phrase
“for and on behalf of [the respondents]” in the sale and purchase agreements.
On appeal, the CA disagreed with the trial judge’s finding. The CA held (at
[150]) that even if the phrase “for and on behalf of [the respondents]” could
be “strained to mean consent”, the “basic fact [was] that OAFL was not even a
party to the relevant agreements”. As such, any agency relationship between
OAFL and the respondents must be found outside of the relevant agreements.

138 In this connection, it is instructive to examine how the CA evaluated the
evidence put forward by the respondents in support of their agency argument.
First, it was submitted by the respondents that in his pleadings, the
appellant Alwie – who was the directing mind and will of OAFL – had admitted
that the purchase price was to be “paid to the [respondents] partly by way of
cash, and partly by way of the issuance and allotment of shares in MEGL”. The
CA held, however, that this averment by Alvie in his pleadings simply showed
that the full purchase price of US$18m was to be paid to the respondents
partly in cash and partly in shares: it was “not unequivocal evidence that
OAFL had agreed to receive the MEGL shares as an agent of the Respondents”
([151]–[152] of Alwie Handoyo). Second, the respondents sought to rely on a
Letter of Statement purportedly signed by Alwie in which he undertook to
return the OAFL payments to Tjong. The CA held, however, that even if the
letter were authentic (which Alwie disputed), it again did not support an
inference that OAFL had consented to acting as the respondents’ agent: at
most, Alwie had given an undertaking to return the OAFL payments. Third, the
respondents pointed to Alwie’s purported admission in cross-examination that
the OAFL payments were payable to the respondents. The CA noted that the
respondents appeared to have taken Alwie’s answers in cross-examination out of
context – but also went on to hold (at [155]) that:

Be that as it may, while Alwie appeared to have conceded that the pleadings
did not reveal any reason why OAFL was entitled to the OAFL Payments apart
from the fact that the first SPA [sale and purchase agreement] provided for
it, it is not evidence that OAFL acted as the Respondents’ agent in receiving
the OAL Payments. There is a missing link. Even if OAFL knew that it was not
entitled to keep the OAFL Payments or was obliged to account to the
Respondents because it knew that the OAFL Payments rightfully belonged to the
Respondents (which OAFL denies anyway), this is insufficient to establish an
agency relationship. Something else is required to show that OAFL had agreed
to be an agent. Once again, it is to be recalled that the phrase “for and on
behalf” in the Amended Clause 4.02(2) has no real legal effect vis-à-vis OAFL,
a non-party to the first SPA. OAFL may be liable in trust (which ground was
dismissed and not appealed against) or other causes of action, but that it not
the basis upon which an agency relationship may be implied.

139 In the present case, based on its pleadings and submissions, it was clear
that the plaintiff was not alleging express actual authority, which – as Lord
Denning MR noted in Hely-Hutchinson v Brayhead Ltd [1968] 1 QB 549 at 583
(“Hely-Hutchinson”) – “is given by express words, such as when a board of
directors pass a resolution which authorises two of their number to sign
cheques”. Instead, the plaintiff appeared to rely on implied actual authority,
which (to quote Lord Denning MR again) is “implied when it is inferred from
the conduct of the parties and the circumstances of the case, such as when the
board of directors appoint one of their numbers to be managing directors. They
thereby impliedly authorise him to do all such things as fall within the usual
scope of that office” (Hely-Hutchinson at p 583).

140 Alphire Group Pte Ltd v Law Chau Loon and another [2020] SGCA 50
(“Alphire”) illustrates how the court approaches the evaluation of evidence
relied on by a party alleging implied actual authority. In Alphire, the
appellant (Alphire Group) appealed against the High Court’s decision to grant
a declaration that the settlement agreement reached between the appellant and
the respondent was valid and binding. The appellant was a Singapore-
incorporated company while the respondent Law was a former director of the
appellant. The disputed settlement agreement related to a separate suit (Suit
822) between the same parties in which the appellant was awarded judgment for
monies which the respondent had collected from certain clients but had failed
to pay over. Three individuals – Han, Loh and Wong (referred to as “the
Investors” in the CA’s judgment) – had a meeting with the respondent on 2
February 2019. The respondent claimed that at this meeting, he and the
Investors reached a settlement of the judgment debt in relation to Suit 822 on
various terms which included the payment of $1.4m by him, with an initial
payment of $1m. It was not disputed that at this meeting, the respondent
passed the Investors $1m in cash. Shortly after the meeting, Han sent the
respondent a WhatsApp message, stating inter alia that if he (the respondent)
paid $1m plus $400,000 in 4 instalments of $100,000 each, the Investors would
agree to the settlement and would withdraw the pending bankruptcy petition
against the respondent. There followed a series of email correspondence
between the appellant’s solicitors and the respondent’s solicitors in relation
to the alleged settlement and its terms. At first instance, the High Court
held that the Investors had implied actual authority to bind the appellant to
the settlement agreement, which could be inferred from the parties’ conduct
and the overall circumstances of the case.

141 On appeal, the appellant argued that the Investors did not have implied
actual authority, and that, as a result of the correspondence between the
parties’ solicitors after 2 February 2019, which were marked as “without
prejudice” or “subject to contract”, there was no “full and final settlement”
on 2 February 2019 between it and the respondent. In rejecting these
arguments, the CA noted that (at [7]) “in making a finding of implied actual
authority, the court must imply from the parties’ conduct and the surrounding
circumstances both the existence of the agent’s authority and the scope of
that authority”. With these principles in mind, the CA found that the
particular facts and circumstances of the case before it clearly showed that
the Investors had the implied actual authority to bind the appellant to the
settlement agreement. The court noted that the appellant had failed to rebut
several material assertions in the respondent’s affidavit, including
assertions that the Investors had invested $8m in the appellant during its
incorporation; the Investors had personally guaranteed the appellant’s credit;
and the appellant’s annual meetings were held together with the Investors who
would discuss the appellant’s financial affairs together with the respondent
and one Alicia (a director of the appellant). Even more significantly, the
appellant did not challenge – and thus must be deemed to have accepted – the
respondent’s account of the circumstances of his meeting with the Investors on
2 February 2019. This included the fact that he had passed the Investors $1m
in cash at the meeting and he had been informed by the Investors that they
were willing to agree to “full and final settlement” of the judgment debt on
condition that he perform certain other obligations apart from his paying the
$1m. The appellant could have, but failed to, tender any evidence from any of
the Investors; and it was some five months after the meeting on 2 February
2019 that the appellant first raised objections to the Investors’ authority to
enter into the settlement agreement. Given these circumstances, the CA agreed
with the High Court that the appellant’s objection to the Investors having the
necessary authority was a “tactical decision” for the appellant to distance
itself from the settlement agreement; and that there could be “no doubt that
the Investors had implied actual authority to bind the appellant to the
settlement agreement” (Alphire at [8]–[11]).

The law on apparent or ostensible authority

142 Turning next to the Plaintiff’s alternative argument of apparent or
ostensible authority, as Judith Prakash J (as she then was) noted in
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another (2009) 4 SLR(R) 788 (“Skandinaviska
(HC)”) (at [77]), quoting Lord Denning MR in Hely-Hutchinson), apparent or
ostensible authority “is the outward appearance of the authority of the agent
as others see it”. The onus of proving apparent authority lies on the party
who relies on it; and in this connection, as Prakash J pointed out in
Skandinaviska (HC) (at [80]), it is important to bear in mind that there are
four factors to be satisfied, as set out in the judgment of Diplock LJ in
Freeman & Lockyer v Buckhurst Park Properties (Mangal) Ltd [1964] 2 QB 480
(“Freeman”, at 506):

(1) … a representation that the agent has authority to enter on behalf of the
company into a contract of the kind sought to be enforced was made to the
contractor;

(2) … such a representation was made by a person or persons who had “actual”
authority to manage the business of the company either generally or in respect
of those matters to which the contract relates;

(3) … he (the contractor) was induced by such representation to enter into the
contract, that is, that he in fact relied upon it;

(4) … under its Memorandum or Articles of Association the company was not
deprived of the capacity either to enter into a contract of the kind sought to
be enforced or to delegate authority to enter into a contract of that kind to
the agent.

143 The following other passages from Diplock LJ’s judgment in Freeman (which
Prakash J also cited in Skandinaviska (HC)) are also helpful:

In ordinary business dealings the contractor at the time of entering into the
contract can in the nature of things hardly ever rely on the ‘actual’
authority of the agent. His information as to the authority must be derived
either from the principal or from the agent or from both, for they alone know
what the agent’s actual authority is. All that the contractor can know is what
they tell him, which may or may not be true. In the ultimate analysis he
relies either upon the representation of the principal that is, apparent
authority or upon the representation of the agent, that is, warranty of
authority.

…

It follows that where the agent upon whose ‘apparent’ authority the contractor
relies has no ‘actual’ authority from the corporation to enter into a
particular kind of contract with the contractor on behalf of the corporation,
the contractor cannot rely upon the agent’s own representation as to his
actual authority. He can rely only upon a representation by a person or
persons who have actual authority to manage or conduct that part of the
business of the corporation to which the contract relates.

The commonest form of representation by a principal creating an ‘apparent’
authority of an agent is by conduct, namely, by permitting the agent to act in
the management or conduct of the principal’s business. Thus, if in the case of
a company the board of directors who have ‘actual’ authority under the
memorandum and articles of association to manage the company’s business permit
the agent to act in the management or conduct of the company’s business, they
thereby represent to all persons dealing with such agent that he has authority
to enter on behalf of the corporation into contracts of a kind which an agent
authorised to do acts of the kind which he is in fact permitted to do usually
enters into in the ordinary course of such business. The making of such a
representation is itself an act of management of the company’s business. Prima
facie it falls within the ‘actual’ authority of the board of directors, and
unless the memorandum or articles of the company either make such a contract
ultra vires the company or prohibit the delegation of such authority to the
agent, the company is estopped from denying to anyone who has entered into a
contract with the agent in reliance upon such ‘apparent’ authority that the
agent had authority to contract on behalf of the company.

144 In Skandinaviska (HC), one Chia Teck Leng (“Chia”) had – for more than
four years, whilst employed as the Finance Manager of Asia Pacific Breweries
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“APBS”) – deceived the Singapore branch offices of five
international banks by using his employer’s name to obtain substantial credit
and loan facilities purportedly made to APBS which he misappropriated. Four of
the banks sued APBS for the frauds practised on them by Chia. Two of these
suits, Suit 774 and Suit 763, were heard before Prakash J. In both suits, the
plaintiff banks sought inter alia the repayment of the loans misappropriated
by Chia on the basis that he had actual or ostensible authority to enter into
the various credit and loan facilities on behalf of APBS. The undisputed
evidence at trial was that the banks had required the credit and loan
facilities discussed with Chia to be referred to the APBS board for approval;
and that Chia provided mandates purportedly as satisfactory assurance that the
board had approved the transactions and given him specific authority to
execute the relevant contracts singly on its behalf. In reality, however,
there were no such board approvals: Chia had forged all the documents himself.

145 At trial, the nub of the banks’ case on apparent or ostensible authority
was the “alleged representation or holding out by APBS (which was intended to
be acted on and was in fact acted on by them) that it was within Chia’s
apparent authority to warrant the genuineness of the documents presented to
them or to communicate the [APBS] board’s approval of the transactions”. The
starting point, then, as Prakash J pointed out, was “the representation of the
agent’s apparent authority must be by the principal, and this means by the
person who has actual authority to manage or conclude that part of the
business of the corporation to which the contract relates” (Skandinaviska (HC)
at [104]). In this respect, the banks were unable to identify or name such a
person. The banks sought to rely on the English case of First Energy (UK) Ltd
v Hungarian International Bank [1993] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 194 (“First Energy”) to
support a “narrow exception to the principle that the representation must be
by the employer”. In support of their contention that there had been a holding
out by APBS of Chia’s authority to represent that APBS had accepted the credit
facilities and that the forged board resolutions were genuine, the banks
relied on several pieces of evidence, including the fact that Chia was (apart
from being the most senior finance officer in APBS) a member of APBS’ senior
management, and he frequently dealt with banks and acted as the point of
communication between APBS and banks.

146 The facts of First Energy are summarised by Prakash J at [110] of her
judgment. In gist, there was a dispute in First Energy as to whether a letter
written by one Jamieson (the senior manager of the Manchester office of the
Hungarian International Bank), offering a loan facility to the plaintiff, was
an offer which could be accepted (as the plaintiff had done). Jamieson had not
been held out as having any authority to sanction loan facilities of any
particular size; and he had told the plaintiff that he had no authority to
sanction a loan facility. No head office approval was obtained prior to the
said letter being sent. The trial judge found that Jamieson had no ostensible
authority to enter into the transaction, but nevertheless held that he had the
authority to communicate an offer by somebody within the bank who did have
authority; and once that offer was accepted, then the bank was bound. On
appeal, the English Court of Appeal agreed with the trial judge’s decision
that the letter constituted an offer which was accepted and that there was a
contract formed. In the appellate court’s view, the bank had put Jamieson in a
position where he had apparent authority to make a representation that he had
been given authority to sanction the loan.

147 As Prakash J noted in Skandinaviska (HC), the decision in First Energy has
been criticised by various academic sources. Professor Reynolds, for example,
in suggesting that the case should be “regarded as exceptional on the facts”,
has observed that “to allow a person known to have no authority in effect to
give himself authority by wrongly purporting to notify a decision of someone
else that the act is authorised is virtually to abandon the idea that the
doctrine of apparent authority rests on manifestation by the principal” (“The
Ultimate Apparent Authority” (1994) 110 Law Quarterly Review 21). Locally, the
High Court had in Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd v Jurong Engineering
Ltd [2000] 1 SLR(R) 204 (“HSBC v Jurong Engineering”) characterised First
Energy as standing for the “narrow exception” that “if the company has
expressly authorised the agent to make representations on its behalf, then any
representation made by that agent that he himself has authority to do an act
is a good representation for the purposes of conferring apparent authority on
the agent to do that act, even if he has been expressly prohibited to do it,
and even if it is not something that agents in his position usually have power
to do”. In Skandinaviska (HC), however, as Prakash J highlighted, adoption of
this narrower reading would still render First Energy inapplicable on the
facts – because there was simply no express authorisation whatsoever by APBS
that Chia could make the alleged representation of fact on its behalf.

148 Importantly, Prakash J also disagreed that First Energy could be said to
stand for “the proposition that the representation as to authority made by the
principal was completely not required so as to advance the public policy
consideration of protecting third parties”. Such an argument departed “too
radically from the conceptual basis of the doctrine of apparent authority, as
the doctrine is premised fundamentally on such representation having been
made” (emphasis added). On the evidence before her, she held that the banks
had not established a holding out by APBS that Chia was clothed with authority
to warrant the genuineness of the certified extracts of the board resolutions,
or to communicate the board’s approval of the transactions. Their case on
apparent authority thus failed on the basis of a lack of representation. In
addition, it was held that evidence of the banks’ standard requirements for
board resolution – which they imposed as a condition precedent of the loan
facilities – effectively undermined their arguments on apparent authority:
clearly, the banks appreciated and knew that Chia had no actual authority to
bind APBS (at [31]). Their impression that the documents were properly
executed was based entirely on their own limited verification of these
documents, and they had willingly assumed the risk of fraud and of Chia’s lack
of authority. They could not therefore claim to have been misled, and no
estoppel would be held to arise in their favour.

149 On appeal by the banks, the CA (in Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
(Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another [2011] 3 SLR 540 (“Skandinaviska (CA)”)) upheld Prakash J’s decision.
Insofar as the banks’ reliance on First Energy was concerned, the CA
reiterated the established principle that “the law does not recognise the
notion of what is commonly termed a ‘self-authorising’ agent – ie, under the
law of agency, an agent who has no authority, whether actual or ostensible, to
perform a certain act cannot confer upon himself authority to do that act by
representing that he has such authority”. This was a principle well
illustrated by the House of Lords’ decision in Armagas Ltd v Mundogas SA
[1986] AC 717 (“Armagas”). Noting that all three members of the English CA in
First Energy had expressly stated that their rulings were entirely consistent
with Armagas, the CA distinguished First Energy on the facts. The CA pointed
out that in that case, it had been made abundantly clear that Jamieson – as
senior manager of the bank’s Manchester office – had overall responsibility of
that office; and that it made “good commercial sense” in those circumstances
that a customer of the bank’s Manchester office should be able to rely on what
was conveyed to him by Jamieson. As such, the court’s decision in First Energy
was based on a specific finding of fact that the principal concerned had held
out its agent as having authority to make, in relation to the transaction in
question, representations of the class or kind of representations that the
agent actually made, even though the agent knew he had no actual authority to
enter into the transaction itself. In contrast, in Skandinaviska, Chia was
merely the finance manager of APBS – a title which did not connote possession
of any specific authority; and the senior management of APBS, including its
board, was also within easy reach of the banks (Skandinaviska (CA) at [51]).
On the evidence, therefore, the CA affirmed Prakash J’s finding that APBS had
not held out to the banks – whether by its actions or by Chia’s position as
finance manager – that Chia had any authority to make on its behalf any
representations of the class or kind of representations that Chia actually
made.

150 The doctrinal basis of apparent or ostensible authority was further
elaborated upon by the CA in its subsequent decision in Guy Neale and others v
Ku De Ta SG Pte Ltd [2015] 4 SLR 283 (“Guy Neale v Ku De Ta”). As the CA
explained (at [93] and [97]):

93 Apparent authority is a species of estoppel. The doctrine in effect estops
a principal from asserting that an agent acted without authority even though
this is in fact the case. The basis of such an estoppel is a representation by
the company that the agent does have that authority…

97 …Where the representation is constituted by conduct, that must consist of
the principal “permitting the agent to act in some way in the conduct of the
principal’s business with other persons … [so that it represents to] anyone
who becomes aware that the agent is so acting that the agent has authority to
enter on behalf of the principal into contracts with other persons of the kind
which an agent so acting … has usually “actual’ authority to enter into”
(Freeman at 503–504). Furthermore, such a representation must have been made
to or at least received by the party who then deals or continues to deal with
the agent on the basis of that representation.

151 Referring to the English case of Freeman & Lockyer (a firm) v Buckhurst
Park Properties (Mangal) Ltd [1964] 2 QB 480 (“Freeman”), the CA cited the
following passages from the judgment of Diplock LJ (as he then was) in that
case (at 503):

An ‘apparent’ or ‘ostensible’ authority … is a legal relationship between the
principal and the contractor created by a representation, made by the
principal to the contractor, intended to be and in fact acted upon by the
contractor, that the agent has authority to enter on behalf of the principal
into a contract of a kind within the scope of the ‘apparent’ authority, so as
to render the principal liable to perform any obligations imposed upon him by
such contract. To the relationship so created the agent is a stranger. He need
not be (although he generally is) aware of the existence of the representation
but he must not purport to make the agreement as principal himself. The
representation, when acted upon by the contractor by entering into a contract
with the agent, operates as an estoppel, preventing the principal from
asserting that he is not bound by the contract. It is irrelevant whether the
agent had actual authority to enter into the contract.

152 In Freeman, as the CA pointed out, the focus was on what the agent Kapoor
had been doing with the permission of the principal. In that case, Kapoor –
who was one of the directors of the defendant company – had instructed the
plaintiff firm of architects to carry out certain works in relation to an
estate purchased by the defendant. A dispute arose as to whether the liability
for the plaintiff’s fees were to be borne by the defendant company or by
Kapoor. The trial judge gave judgment for the plaintiff against the defendant.
On appeal, the English Court of Appeal upheld the trial judge’s decision. The
Court of Appeal held that although Kapoor had no actual authority to employ
the plaintiff, he had ostensible authority as he had acted throughout as
managing director to the knowledge of the defendant’s board of directors; and
his act in engaging the plaintiff was within the ordinary ambit of the
authority of a managing director. The court held that if in the case of a
company, the board of directors who have actual authority under the company’s
memorandum and articles of association permit the agent to act in the
management and conduct of the company’s business, they thereby represent to
all persons dealing with such agent that he has authority on behalf of the
company to enter into contracts of a kind which an agent authorised to do acts
of the kind which he is in fact permitted to usually enters into the ordinary
course of business. Unless the company’s memorandum and articles of
association either make such contract ultra vires the company or prohibit the
delegation of such authority to the agent, the company is estopped from
denying to anyone who has entered into a contract with the agent in reliance
upon such “apparent” authority that the agent had authority to contract on
behalf of the company (per Diplock LJ at 505 of Freeman).

153 In Guy Neale v Ku De Ta, one of the issues in contention was whether
“Ellaway” – who purported to act on behalf of a partnership named Nine Squares
– had actual, usual or apparent authority to bind Nine Squares to a Licence
Agreement which he had entered into with an individual named “Au”. This
Licence Agreement was negotiated by Au’s associate, “Patel”, and eventually
assigned to the respondent. Before the CA, the respondent’s case insofar as
apparent authority was concerned was that at the time of the Licence
Agreement, based on their dealings with Ellaway and Nine Squares, Au and Patel
had believed that Ellaway was duly authorised to enter into the Licence
Agreement and that Chondros (the other director of Nine Squares) was on board
with this deal. In rejecting the respondent’s case, the CA highlighted that
there was no evidence of any representation whether by words or conduct –
other than from Ellaway himself – which could have led Au and Patel to believe
that Ellaway had the authority to enter into the Licence Agreement; or that
Chondros was aware of Ellaway’s dealings with Au and Patel on this matter and
permitted it to carry on. Moreover, Patel was aware that it was Chondros who
controlled the creative aspects of the business, and there was no basis for
him to think that Ellaway’s authority extended so far that he could make
unilateral decisions on branding and expansion. Indeed, having reviewed the
correspondence between Ellaway, Au and Patel, the court found that Au and
Patel had been aware all along that Ellaway was acting on his own accord, even
though they might have thought that they would eventually be able to persuade
Chondros to join them.

Agency by estoppel: whether a separate doctrine from apparent authority

154 In its amended reply, the Plaintiff expressly pleaded apparent authority
as an alternative to actual authority. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Reply (Amendment No. 4) at para 5.4.

In its closing submissions, however, the Plaintiff failed to address the four
factors which needed to be satisfied for apparent authority (see [142] above,
per Diplock LJ in Freeman at 506). Instead, the Plaintiff couched its
submissions in the following terms: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 287.

Even if it is found that Mr Berger did not have actual authority to enter into
the Payment Processing Agreement with [the 1st Defendant], [the 1st Defendant]
is estopped from denying that it is bound by it. This is because it had, by
its conduct of providing [the Plaintiff] with payment processing services in
accordance with the terms of the Payment Processing Agreement, ratified,
affirmed and/or acquiesced to being bound by it”.

155 The above submission appeared to be no more than a repetition of the
Plaintiff’s assertion in its amended reply that further and/or as an
alternative to its pleaded reliance on actual authority and/or apparent
authority, the 1st Defendant should be “estopped from denying that it [was]
bound by the Payment Processing Agreement” because it had “provided payment
processing services to the Plaintiff in accordance with the terms agreed
between Berger and Sloane [the Plaintiff’s representative]”, and had thereby
“ratified Berger’s conduct in negotiating and agreeing to such terms” on its
behalf. In making the above submission, the Plaintiff purported to rely on two
cases: Hong Leong International Hotel (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another v Chotek
(Pte) Ltd and another [1995] 1 SLR(R) 105 (“Hong Leong”) and Wilson v West
Hartlepool Railway Company [1865] 46 ER 459 (“Wilson”). Regrettably, no
attempt was made to explain how these two cases supported the above submission
in the context of the specific facts of the present case. More fundamentally,
the Plaintiff failed to explain in its closing submissions why – having
expressly pleaded apparent authority – it was making no attempt to elucidate
how apparent authority was made out in the present case. The brief single
paragraph in its closing submissions (above) gave no clue as to whether – in
pleading that the 1st Defendant was “estopped” from denying its liability
under the Payment Processing Agreement – the Plaintiff was relying on some
doctrine other than that of apparent authority.

156 Given the lack of clarity in the Plaintiff’s submissions, I will set out
below the key local authority dealing with agency by estoppel before I deal
with the two cases cited by the Plaintiff.

157 The issue of agency by estoppel was raised before Judith Prakash J (as she
then was) at first instance in The “Bunga Melati 5” [2015] SGHC 190 (“Bunga
Melati (HC)”). In that case, there was a dispute as to whether the defendant
(a shipowner and operator) was liable to pay the plaintiff (a marine fuel
supplier) for bunkers supplied to the defendant’s ships. These bunkers had
been ordered from the plaintiffs by an entity called “MAL”; and the main bone
of contention was over MAL’s role. The plaintiff took the position that MAL
had either actual authority or apparent authority to enter into the contracts
on the defendant’s behalf for the delivery of the bunkers, and to bind the
defendant to those contracts. According to the plaintiff argued, in addition
to actual authority and/or apparent authority, an agency by estoppel arose on
the facts.

158 Prakash J noted that the authors of Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency (Sweet
& Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2014) (“Bowstead”) had drawn a distinction between agency
by estoppel and apparent authority, in that the former could still arise
through the application of orthodox estoppel principles even where the four
factors necessary for apparent authority could not be satisfied – “in
particular, where no representation as conventionally defined is made by the
principle”. Prakash J also noted that Bowstead had identified two subsets of
agency by estoppel: the first being one where “the principal makes no
manifestation of authority but, by conduct (usually before the operative
transaction) intentionally or carelessly causes the belief that the agent is
authorised”; the second being one where “the principal, having notice of such
a belief and that it might cause others to change their position, did not take
(often after the operative transaction) reasonable steps to notify those
others of the facts”. Bowstead cited the Australian case of Pacific Carriers
Ltd v BNP Paribas (2004) 218 CLR 251 (“Pacific Carriers”) as an example of the
first subset of agency by estoppel, and the English case of Spiro v Lintern
[1973] 1 WLR 1002 (“Spiro”) as an example of the second.

159 In arguing for agency by estoppel, the plaintiff in Bunga Melati (HC)
purported to rely on Spiro. In Spiro, one Mr Lintern had told his wife to put
a house which he owned in the hands of estate agents, which she did. He did
not give her authority to sell the house. When his wife was informed by the
estate agent of an offer from a Mr Spiro, she instructed the estate agent to
accept the offer; and in the ensuing interactions between the Linterns and Mr
Spiro, Mr Lintern acted as if he had authorised the transaction. Subsequently,
however, he gave his wife a power of attorney which she used to convey the
house to a different purchaser. In an action by Mr Spiro for specific
performance of the contract to convey the house to him, the English Court of
Appeal upheld the decision of the first-instance judge. Buckley LJ, delivering
the judgment of the court, held:

(I)f A sees B acting in the mistaken belief that A is under some binding
obligation to him and in a manner consistent only with the existence of such
an obligation, which would be to B's disadvantage if A were thereafter to deny
the obligation, A is under a duty to B to disclose the non-existence of the
supposed obligation.

160 In Bunga Melati (HC), Prakash J pointed out that she had considered Spiro
in her earlier decision in Everbright Commercial Enterprises Pte Ltd v AXA
Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 287 (“Everbright”) and had held in
that case that a duty to speak would only arise where “silence would create an
erroneous impression which leads the prospective representee to alter his
position for the worse”. She did not consider that Spiro provided any support
for the plaintiff’s position in Bunga Melati (HC). In her view:

I do not think that in an agency situation a duty to speak can arise in the
absence of a pre-existing relationship or dealings between the purported agent
and the party claiming under the contract. To impose such a duty would impose
onerous obligations on would-be principals who would then bear the
responsibility of correcting all misrepresentations made by parties claiming
to be their agents despite playing no role in the relevant transactions. It
must be remembered that the husband in Spiro met the would-be purchaser and
allowed him to carry out work on the house and garden knowing that the
purchaser thought there was a valid sale and purchase agreement. It was such
dealings that led to the duty to speak arising, not just the knowledge on the
husband’s part of the purchaser’s mistaken belief.

161 Prakash J dismissed the plaintiff’s claim, and the plaintiff filed an
appeal. In dismissing the appeal in The “Bunga Melati 5” [2016] 2 SLR 1114
(“Bunga Melati (CA)”), the CA stated that the difference between agency by
estoppel and apparent authority was not that apparent. The CA pointed out (at
[8]) that neither Pacific Carrier nor Spiro shed any real light on the
difference(s) between the two doctrines, or indeed on whether the doctrine of
agency by estoppel stood as an altogether separate doctrine for holding the
principal liable. In respect of Pacific Carriers, the High Court of Australia
had applied the general principles concerning the apparent authority of an
officer of a company dealing with a third party (as enunciated in Freeman) in
concluding that a representation may be found to have been made where the
putative principal, in this context a company, equips one of its officers with
a certain title, status and facilities. As for Spiro, what was of particular
significance was that all the parties, namely Mr and Mrs Lintern and Mr Spiro,
were privy to the following facts: (a) that the property in question belonged
to Mr Lintern; (b) that Mrs Lintern was dealing with Mr Spiro on the terms of
the intended sale; and (c) that each of the parties knew that the other
parties were aware of the foregoing two facts. In those circumstances, Spiro
could very well have been analysed under the traditional doctrine of apparent
authority: there was no difficulty in finding that Mr Lintern had a duty to
correct Mr Spiro’s mistaken belief that Mrs Lintern had authority to negotiate
the sale of the property on Mr Lintern’s behalf, and his failure to do so
amounted to a representation that Mrs Lintern did have such authority.

162 Having analysed the decisions in Pacific Carriers and Spiro as being
premised on apparent authority, the CA stated that it did not find it
necessary to decide in the appeal before it whether there was a real
difference between the two doctrines. For the purposes of our present case,
having regard to the arguments on “estoppel” raised by the Plaintiff in its
closing submissions, the following passages from the CA’s judgment are
especially pertinent:

12 … In our judgment, it is uncontroversial that unconscionability underlies
equity’s intervention to make a putative principal liable even in the absence
of actual authority. The doctrine of apparent authority has itself been
analysed as an instance of estoppel: see Freeman & Lockyer at 503; and see
also Guy Neale and others v Ku De Ta SG Pte Ltd [2015] 4 SLR 283 at [95]-[97].
At the broadest level, equity intervenes to estop the putative principal from
denying as against a third party that another was its agent if in the
circumstances, it would be unconscionable for the putative principal to do so.
But such a broad articulation is analytically unhelpful because it fails to
draw out the essential requirement that unconscionability must comprehend not
only the element of hardship on the part of the third party but also
responsibility on the part of the putative principal. In other words, there
must be some act or omission on the part of the principal that leads to the
third party acting or continuing to act in a particular way to his detriment
or suffering hardship and it is this which gives rise to the requisite finding
of unconscionability. This is why the inquiry is correctly to be undertaken
within the traditional framework of estoppel that examines three elements
which must be found to be satisfied, namely, (i) a representation by the
person against whom the estoppel is sought to be raised; (ii) reliance on such
representation by the person seeking to raise the estoppel; and (iii)
detriment: see Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 (“Hong Leong”) at [192]; and see also United Overseas Bank
Ltd v Bank of China [2006] 1 SLR(R) 57 at [18].

13 … One can look at this from the point of view either of an affirmative
representation or more generally, a holding-out of the agent as authorised; or
from the point of view of a principal, who with the knowledge that the third
party is operating on a certain misapprehension of the factual position does
nothing to correct that misapprehension in circumstances where one would
reasonably regard him as bound to correct it. In the latter case, though he
has made no affirmative representation, by his omission or failure to correct
the misapprehension when the law regards him as being bound to do so, he is
taken to have represented that the misapprehended state of affairs is in fact
true.

14 This is consistent with the well-established rule that silence or inaction
will count as a representation where there is a legal (and not merely moral)
duty owed by the silent party to the party seeking to raise the estoppel to
make a disclosure: see Hong Leong at [194]; and see Wilken & Ghaly, The Law of
Waiver, Variation, and Estoppel (Oxford, 3rd Ed, 2012) at para 9.55. For our
part, we would be content to state that the rule would apply where in all the
circumstances, there was a legal or equitable duty to make the disclosure,
communication or correction, as the case may be.

15 The question of when such a duty arises does not lend itself to easy
answers. Bingham J in Tradax Export SA v Dorada Compania Naviera SA (The
“Lutetian”) [1982] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 140 (at 157) regarded Lord Wilberforce’s
decision in Moorgate Mercantile Co Ltd v Twitchings [1977] AC 980 as
persuasive authority for the proposition that:

… the duty necessary to found an estoppel by silence or acquiescence arises
where a reasonable man would expect the person against whom the estoppel is
raised, acting honestly and responsibly, to bring the true facts to the
attention of the other party known by him to be under a mistake as to their
respective rights and obligations. …

16 The court thus has to decide the onus and ambit of responsibility of the
silent party, by reference to whether a mistaken party could reasonably have
expected to be corrected. This will inevitably depend on the precise
circumstances of the case and whether they were of such a nature that it
became incumbent upon the silent party, who is taken to be acting honestly and
reasonably, to correct the mistaken party’s belief. Given the myriad of
circumstances that may arise in commerce and the desirability of maintaining
flexibility in the doctrine of estoppel, it would neither be appropriate, nor
ultimately helpful, for us to attempt to draw neat circles delineating
precisely when a duty to speak may arise.

17 However, having articulated the principle on which liability may be founded
in these situations, it is appropriate for us to emphasise one important
predicate that is especially relevant to the disposal of this matter. For such
a duty to arise at all, it must be shown, at least, that the silent party knew
that the party seeking to raise the estoppel was in fact acting or proceeding
with its course of conduct on the basis of the mistaken belief which the
former is said to have acquiesced in (see Hong Leong at [197]).  

[emphasis in bold italics added]

163 In Bunga Melati (CA), the plaintiff’s case was that the defendant knew MAL
had entered into the disputed bunker contracts representing itself as the
defendant’s agent and failed to correct the plaintiff’s mistaken belief that
MAL was entering into the contracts on this basis and not in its own right.
Before the CA, the plaintiff’s counsel accepted that the plaintiff was in no
position to prove directly that the defendant knew any of these specific
things. Instead, he sought to base his claim on the wider proposition that the
defendant knew MAL was conducting all its transactions with all its bunker
suppliers on the basis that it was the defendant’s agent. Even as to this
wider proposition, the plaintiff had no direct evidence to prove such
knowledge. Instead, it argued that the court should infer that the defendant
possessed such knowledge arising from the following facts: (a) the suspicious
circumstances surrounding MAL’s appointment as the defendant’s registered
vendor of bunkers; (b) the early bunker confirmations sent by MAL to the
defendant which had described MAL as a “broker” and five occasions when bunker
suppliers sent invoices directly to the defendant; and (c) the defendant’s
response (or lack of response) when MAL was unable to service the payments to
its suppliers and it became evident that large sums of money were being
claimed by bunker suppliers directly against the defendant. For the purposes
of our present case, it is instructive to examine how the CA dealt with these
arguments.

164 In respect of the circumstances of MAL’s appointment as the defendant’s
registered vendor of bunkers, the plaintiff’s main contention was that MAL did
not have the financial resources, credit standing or expertise to engage in
bunker trading services; and that accordingly, the defendant should have known
that no bunker supplier would have supplied bunkers on credit to MAL as
principal and would only have supplied bunkers to the defendant’s vessels if
they believed that MAL was contracting on the defendant’s behalf. The CA
rejected this contention. It highlighted that knowledge of MAL’s lack of
capital and financial resources could not in itself amount to knowledge that
bunker suppliers would only be willing to deal with MAL if they believed that
MAL was contracting on the defendant’s behalf. First, MAL had represented to
the defendant that it was entering into the bunker supply business together
with a partner, and in association with two other companies, all of which were
bunker suppliers. Second, it was completely speculative how bunker suppliers
in general dealt with or viewed MAL. The plaintiff was the only bunker
supplier that gave evidence, and although it claimed that it would not have
contracted with MAL had it known MAL was operating as a bunker trader, this
was a position it took with the clarity of hindsight. It could equally well
have been the case that bunker suppliers were prepared to deal with MAL as a
trader because they knew that MAL was a registered vendor of the defendant,
and that the defendant, being a well-known ship owner, would reliably pay MAL
who therefore would then be able to pay the bunker suppliers. Third, and most
importantly, it was not within the defendant’s realm of knowledge how MAL
dealt with its bunker suppliers; nor was it incumbent on the defendant to find
out. In fact, from the defendant’s perspective, the fact that MAL had a credit
facility with a bank in connection with which the defendant gave an
undertaking to make payments into a specific account, suggested that MAL was
negotiating bunker supplies on the basis of its own credit lines.

165 In respect of the bunker confirmations sent by MAL to the defendant in
2005 and early 2006 which described MAL as a broker, the CA held that Prakash
J was entitled to accept the evidence given by the defendant’s employees who
had been copied on these bunker confirmations, to the effect that they had
been unaware of the nuances and had failed to appreciate the legal difference
between referring to a party as a broker and as a trader. Prakash J was also
justified in finding that these terms could have been used in error,
especially since there were other errors found in the bunker confirmations.

166 As for the five occasions when invoices were sent by the bunker suppliers
directly to the defendants, while the plaintiff argued that this should have
made the defendant aware that bunker suppliers believed they had contracted
with the defendant through MAL, the CA found this evidence at best neutral.
First, none of these invoices came directly from the plaintiff itself. Second,
it was important to see these incidents in their broader context: these were
five discrete instances that took place over a period of 24 months, during
which significant amounts of bunker fuel were supplied by various bunker
suppliers to the defendant’s vessels. This would suggest that the vast
majority of the invoices never came directly to the defendant (which was the
effect of the defendant’s evidence). The fact that a mere handful did come to
it could easily be explained as errors. It was also instructive to have regard
to the actions that were subsequently taken in relation to the invoices. It
appeared that MAL had, either on its own accord or pursuant to the defendant’s
directions, resolved the matter with some of the bunker suppliers directly,
whereas others had been reminded by MAL not to send invoices directly to the
defendant – or there were simply no further instances of their sending further
invoices directly to the defendant, presumably as a result of having been
informed by MAL not to do so. Taken in the round, there was therefore nothing
that could be said to have put the defendant on inquiry as to whether MAL had
been conducting all its transactions with all its bunker suppliers on the
basis that it was the defendant’s agent.

167 As for the defendant’s alleged lack of response to the various payment
demands that were directed to it by bunker suppliers in November and December
2008, the CA found that the defendant’s responses to the bunker suppliers did
not lead to an “irresistible inference” that it knew that MAL had acted as its
broker and that it was liable to the suppliers. The CA also found the evidence
relied on by the plaintiff to be at best equivocal. For example, while it was
true that upon receiving a payment demand from the plaintiff, the defendant
did not question the plaintiff as to why the latter was asking it for payment,
the defendant did send an email to MAL asking MAL to check if the plaintiff
was a supplier of MAL. The email exchanges that followed did not lead to the
sole inference that prior to receiving the plaintiff’s demands for payment,
the defendant already knew that MAL had consistently been contracting with all
its bunker suppliers as the defendant’s agent. Rather, the defendant’s
response was at least equally explicable on the basis that it needed to
investigate the matter further before coming to any conclusion. Furthermore,
when considered against the background of the relatively stable and incident-
free dealings between the parties over the course of the preceding three
years, it did not seem unusual that the defendant’s initial response would be
to attempt to clarify matters, rather than to assume MAL had been acting
improperly. As for the defendant’s standard replies to subsequent payment
demands from other bunker suppliers, these also did not support the inference
that the plaintiff argued for. While it was true that the defendant did not
expressly ask the question why payment was being sought from it, its reply
made it plain that it was drawing a line between itself and MAL and that as
far as it was concerned, having itself paid MAL, it was under no liability to
the bunker suppliers. Indeed, the defendant had proceeded to suspend MAL for
all its spot purchases. It had additionally issued a letter to MAL expressing
its disappointment and stating that it would hold MAL “totally liable” for all
consequential losses” and that it “[might] not consider MAL in any future
businesses.” In the letter, the defendant also described MAL as its “vendor”.

168 I turn now to the two cases cited by the Plaintiff in support of its brief
submission on “estoppel”. In Hong Leong, the plaintiffs were members of the
Hong Leong Group of companies who claimed from the first defendants in both
suits (“Chotek” and “Darimbi” respectively) contributions for the losses to
the capital of Apollo Hotel Development Ltd (“AHDL”) under three agreements –
a joint venture agreement (“the JVA”), an agreement for the compensation of
loss (“the compensation agreement”) and a novation agreement (“the novation
agreement”). Alternatively, the plaintiffs also claimed as against the second
defendant in both suits (“AEL”) breach of warranty of authority in entering
into these three agreements on behalf of Chotek and Darimbi. Chotek, Darimbi
and AEL were the original shareholders of AHDL, which was incorporated to
develop and operate a hotel. Hong Leong Group was approached to participate in
the project after AHDL incurred losses and the project stalled. AEL took the
position that it was authorised by Chotek and Darimbi to negotiate and enter
into the three agreements with Hong Leong Group on their behalf;
alternatively, that Chotek and Darimbi had acquiesced to or ratified or
confirmed or were otherwise estopped from denying the same. Chotek and
Darimbi, on the other hand, alleged that they were not parties to the
agreements and had never authorised AEL to negotiate and enter into these
agreements on their behalf. They also denied having any knowledge of the terms
of the agreements at the material time. The major shareholders of AEL were one
CP Chan and his family members, while the shareholders of Chotek and Darimbi
were “OEH” and his family members.

169 Goh Joon Seng J held that Chotek and Darimbi were bound by the three
agreements even if they had not expressly authorised AEL to negotiate and
conclude these agreements on their behalf. Goh J referred (at [57]) to the two
companies having “ratified or affirmed or acquiesced” to the three agreements
– but it is clear that this reference was in the context of his finding that
there was implied actual authority: in his judgment, he stated (at [49]) that
he was “satisfied that CP Chan was duly authorised to negotiate and conclude
the three agreements on behalf of Chotek and Darimbi”. In coming to this
conclusion, Goh J referred inter alia to evidence that showed OEH’s attendance
at numerous meetings where discussions were held on the Hong Leong Group’s
participation as a shareholder in accordance with the JVA, as well as the
liability of the old shareholders of AHDL (ie, Chotek, Darimbi and AEL) to
reimburse Hong Leong Group for the existing losses to AHFL’s capital in
accordance with the compensation agreement. Moreover, contrary to OEH’s claim
that he had never been given copies of the agreements, Goh J found that he was
provided with a copy each of the JVA and the compensation agreement shortly
after they were executed; and that he even requested English translations of
the same. Chotek, Darimbi and OEH subsequently executed the deeds of
assignment on 10 February 1987 assigning to the first plaintiff (“HLIH”) their
rights to subscribe for the AHDL shares – in compliance with the terms of the
three agreements with the Hong Leong Group. Minutes of an AHDL directors’
meeting also set out the apportionment – as among Chotek, Darimbi and AEL – of
the contributions due from them for the payment of compensation to the Hong
Leong Group. No objections were raised by Chotek and Darimbi upon receipt of
these minutes: indeed, evidence of a Chotek board meeting held shortly after
this AHDL directors’ meeting showed that OEH had advised the Chotek board that
“negotiations with the Hong Leong Group have been completed” and that work on
AHDL’s hotel project was expected to start the following week. HLIH went on to
discharge its obligations under the JVA and the compensation agreement,
subscribing for the AHDL shares at par when the value of the same was below
par because of losses previously incurred by AHDL. AEL also went on to
discharge its apportioned liability. The hotel project was thus revived, and
the investments of Chotek and Darimbi were saved from forfeiture.

170 I have summarised above the evidence in order to make clear the
circumstances in which Goh J found that “CP Chan was duly authorised to
negotiate and conclude the three agreements on behalf of “Chotek and Darimbi”.
It was also in these circumstances that Goh J found (at [58]) that:

Further by acting as though they agreed to be bound, Chotek and Darimbi are
also estopped from contending otherwise. Spencer Bower and Turner on The Law
Relating To Estoppel By Representation (1977 Ed) at p 52 state:

Where A and B are parties to a negotiation or transaction, and, in the course
of the bargaining or dealings between them, A perceives that B is labouring
under a mistake as to some matter vital to the contract or transaction, he may
come under an obligation to undeceive B, at all events if the circumstances
are such that his omission to do so must inevitably foster and perpetuate the
delusion. In such cases silence is in effect a representation that the facts
are as B mistakenly believes them to be, and A is accordingly estopped from
afterwards averring, as against B, any other state of facts. A duty of this
kind may arise when B, or even a third person, in the presence or to the
knowledge of A, states or does something which indicates to A that B is being,
or will be, misled unless the necessary correction be made, whereupon, an
omission on A’s part to make the correction amounts to a tacit adoption by him
of the incorrect statement as his own.

171 From the above, it would appear that in addition to finding implied actual
authority on the facts, Goh J also applied what the CA in Bunga Melati (CA)
described as “uncontroversial” equitable principles to find Chotek and Darimbi
estopped from denying the agreements.

172 Wilson was referenced by Goh J in his judgment in Hong Leong. In Wilson,
an agent of a railway company (one Chester), without any direct authority,
agreed to sell to the plaintiff a piece of land of the company. The terms of
the contract required inter alia that the company should lay down a branch
railway to the land and that the plaintiff (who intended to erect ironworks on
the land) should use the company’s railway in preference to others. Actions
were taken by both the company and the plaintiff to perform the contract: for
example, the company’s surveyor measured the land and its engineer laid down
the branch railway to it, while the plaintiff was let into possession and his
machinery was brought in the company’s wagons to the land. Subsequently, the
company refused to complete the sale. The plaintiff applied successfully for
an order of specific performance, and the company’s appeal was dismissed by
the English Court of Appeal. Turner LJ pointed out (at p 465) that both
parties had carried out acts in conformity with the contract, and that they
amounted to “a representation by the Defendants [the company] to the Plaintiff
that the contract was a subsisting and valid contract”. Although the company
claimed that it was not aware of the contract until 5 December 1859 and that
it had “dissented” from the contract and made its dissent known to its
solicitors after that date, the court noted that not only had it omitted to
communicate its “dissent” to the plaintiff, the company’s officers had also
continued to assist the plaintiff in accordance with the terms of the contract
beyond 5 December 1859. Turner LJ held that based on the evidence, this was a
contract that had not merely been ratified; it had been in part performed; and
the plaintiff would suffer prejudice if the contract were not upheld, as he
had already been let into possession on the faith of the contract. In Turner
LJ’s view (at p 466), it was “a fraud to set up the absence of agreement when
possession [had] been given on the faith of it”.

173 I reiterate that it is important to appreciate the evidence on which the
court in Hong Leong and in Wilson determined that the putative principal
should be bound by the disputed contract despite the absence of express
authority. Whether the Plaintiff in this case relied on implied actual
authority or apparent authority or agency by estoppel (or simply on the more
traditional formulation of the equitable doctrine of estoppel), the onus lay
on the Plaintiff to satisfy the court that the various sets of facts it was
advancing – either taken individually or collectively – provided a sufficient
basis to draw the inference being argued for (to borrow the words of the CA in
Bunga Melati (CA)).

Applying the law to the facts: The Plaintiff’s case on actual authority

174 I now address the evidence which the Plaintiff relied on in arguing that
Mr Berger had actual authority to enter into the alleged Payment Processing
Agreement on the 1st Defendant’s behalf. As I noted earlier, it was evident
from their pleadings and submissions that the Plaintiff was alleging implied
actual authority and not express actual authority. In this connection, it will
be recalled that the CA in Alwie Handoyo has held (at [148], quoting Lord
Pearson in Garnac Grain Company Incorporated v H M F Faure & Fairclough Ltd
[1968] AC 1130 at p 1137) that what is of primary importance is what the
principal and agent each said and did at the time of the alleged creation of
the agency: earlier words and conduct may provide evidence of a course of
dealing in existence at the time and may more generally at be taken into
account as historical background; later words and conduct may have some
bearing, but are likely to be less important.

175 In the present case, the Plaintiff cited four pieces of evidence which,
according to them, proved actual authority on Mr Berger’s part to enter into
the Payment Processing Agreement on the 1st Defendant’s behalf: 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Plaintiff Closing Submissions at para 284.

(a) Ms Alfaro, whom the Plaintiff alleged was acting on the 1st Defendant’s
behalf, had provided Mr Berger with an update on the 1st Defendant’s cost of
providing the payment processing services on the same day that the Payment
Processing Agreement was entered into with the Plaintiff.

(b) After Mr Berger successfully negotiated the Payment Processing Agreement
with the Plaintiff, the 2nd Defendant Mr Carbonara had supplied him with a
draft Merchant Services Agreement, which Mr Berger then forwarded to the
Plaintiff.

(c) Mr Berger was being paid commissions by the 1st Defendant in relation to
the processing of the Plaintiff’s funds.

(d) The fees that the 1st Defendant charged in relation to the processing of
the Plaintiff’s funds were the same as those agreed in the Payment Processing
Agreement that the Plaintiff entered into after negotiations with Mr Berger.

I address each of these pieces of evidence in turn.

176 As to the first piece of evidence relied upon, the Plaintiff referred to
the following email sent by Ms Alfaro to Mr Berger: 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

3PBOD at p 119.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

177 When she was asked about the contents of this email during her deposition
in the United States of America, Ms Alfaro confirmed that she had written this
email on behalf of the 1st Defendant. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

6ABAEIC at p 178.

She also clarified that the reference to “our cost” in the email was a
reference to the 1st Defendant’s cost. Subsequent to this email of 15 August
2019, Mr Berger sent the following email to the Plaintiff’s representation Ms
Meza on 16 August 2019:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

178 In his email to Ms Meza, Mr Berger stated the various fees and parameters
of the payment processing solution he was introducing. It was immediately
clear that there were differences between the figures which he quoted to Ms
Meza and the figures which Ms Alfaro had provided to him. For one, the rate
which Ms Alfaro had quoted to Mr Berger was 5.5% – whereas Mr Berger had
quoted a significantly higher rate of 7.5% to Ms Meza. Ms Alfaro had also
quoted a transaction fee of $0.55 and a refund fee of 0.5 – whereas Mr Berger
quoted Ms Meza a much higher transaction fee of $0.75 and a much higher refund
fee of 2.00. Despite these differences, the Plaintiff insisted that Ms
Alfaro’s email “establish[ed] that Mr Berger, in negotiating the terms of the
Payment Processing Agreement with the [Plaintiff’s] representatives” was
taking reference from and conveying the payment processing costs imposed by
the 1st Defendant and the parameters of the payment processing solution that
the 1st Defendant would provide. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submission at para 86.

179 I found the Plaintiff’s argument to be without merit. In the first place,
it was incorrect to say that in negotiating the terms of the Payment
Processing Agreement with Ms Meza, Mr Berger was “taking reference from and
conveying” the 1st Defendant’s payment processing costs and the parameters of
its payment processing solution. No mention at all was made of the 1st
Defendant in Mr Berger’s email to Ms Meza. Mr Berger’s email did not even
allude to his “taking reference from” or “conveying” another party’s payment
processing costs and/or the parameters of another party’s payment processing
solution. More importantly, if Mr Berger had indeed been acting as the 1st
Defendant’s agent in negotiating and entering into the Payment Processing
Agreement with the Plaintiff, and if what he was doing in his email to Ms Meza
was to “convey” the 1st Defendant’s fees and charges, one would not have
expected him to make upward adjustments to the figures provided to the
Plaintiff.

180 The second piece of evidence which the Plaintiff relied on in arguing
implied actual authority concerned the Draft Merchant Services Agreement which
Mr Berger forwarded to the Plaintiff on 29 August 2019. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 74 and 284; 2AEIC at p 103.

According to the Plaintiff, after Mr Berger had successfully negotiated the
Payment Processing Agreement with the Plaintiff, the 2nd Defendant provided
him with a Draft Merchant Services Agreement which he (Mr Berger) then
forwarded to the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff found it “remarkable” that the
Defendants had failed to reveal in these proceedings that the 2nd Defendant
was the “source” of the draft agreement provided by Mr Berger to the
Plaintiff. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 111.

The Plaintiff also argued that the 2nd Defendant’s explanation – that he had
sent the draft agreement to Mr Berger as a template – could not be believed
for the following reasons: 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 112.

(a) The draft agreement that the 2nd Defendant sent Mr Berger was identical to
the draft Merchant Services Agreement which Mr Berger forwarded to the
Plaintiff. It was unbelievable that Mr Berger would adopt wholesale the terms
of a template provided by Mr Carbonara and not even change the name of the
contracting party which was still listed as Kings Road. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 113.

(b) The document which the 2nd Defendant sent was named “Merchant Intl
Agreement_bol.docx”. The Plaintiff claimed that the letter “bol” actually
represented a reference to the Plaintiff itself. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submission at para 115.

(c) The document which the 2nd Defendant sent included the very fees and
parameters which Mr Berger had agreed with Ms Meza during the Skype
Teleconference on 15 August 2019. The Plaintiff argued that the 2nd Defendant
must have inserted these figures into the contract, given that he was able to
point Mr Berger to where the “fees and schedule” could be found in the
document.

(d) Mr Berger had also, in emails to the Plaintiff, made consistent references
to “our” contract or a contract that “we” would prepare. According to the
Plaintiff, the use of these collective nouns must have been in reference to
the 1st Defendant. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 117 – 118.

(e) Finally, Kings Road Capital, which was the entity named in the draft
agreement sent by the 2nd Defendant to Mr Berger, was the same entity listed
in the Due Diligence Form which had been sent to the Plaintiff earlier on 16
August 2019. This showed that the 2nd Defendant did not send Mr Berger a mere
template. The Plaintiff also alleged that Kings Road Capital was directly
related to either the 1st or the 2nd Defendants. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 119 – 120.

181 Whether taken singly or as a whole, I did not think that the above points
took the Plaintiff’s case very far. At best, these points demonstrated that
there was some kind of association or working relationship between the 2nd
Defendant and Mr Berger, such that the 2nd Defendant was willing to share
draft contracts for Mr Berger’s use and possibly even provide input. However,
these points – even if taken together – simply did not go so far as to imply
that Mr Berger had actual authority to bind the 1st Defendant to the Payment
Processing Agreement. As the CA highlighted in Alphire (at [7]), the
cornerstone of actual authority, whether express or implied, is a consensual
agreement between the principal and the agent as to the existence of the
latter’s authority and the scope of that authority. This was simply not
present on the evidence before me.

182 Further, I would add that the draft Payment Processing Agreement provides
as follows:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

183 The Plaintiff claimed that there were “direct links” between Kings Road
Capital Corp Pte Ltd and the 1st and/or 2nd Defendants. In its closing
submissions, the Plaintiff alleged that the 2nd Defendant “admits to having
substantial involvement” in “all” the companies listed in a “pending task
report” apparently prepared by one Ms Vanessa Diaz (whom the 2nd Defendant
agreed was an independent contractor who assisted with the 1st Defendant’s
accounting and other matters). However, an examination of the relevant portion
of the trial transcript alluded to by the Plaintiff revealed that this
allegation was incorrect – even misleading. In cross-examination, while the
2nd Defendant agreed that he was a director or sole shareholder of a number of
the companies listed in the said report (eg, Republic Management Asia Pte
Ltd), he asserted that he was not involved in some of the companies listed,
except in a peripheral or an indirect manner. For example, in relation to
Phoenix Connect Pte Ltd, the 2nd Defendant’s evidence was that he had simply
assisted the owner of the company in getting the company licensed as an
“financial institution”; 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript dated 27 April 2022 at p 24 ln 7 – 18.

that he had assisted by liaising with MAS, the law firm and other
institutions; and that he had provided this assistance because at that time he
had an employment contract with several of the other companies owned by the
same owner.

184 In fact, the only evidence that the Plaintiff appeared to be able to
identify in support of its submissions as to the Defendants’ “substantial
involvement” in Kings Road Capital consisted of two brief email references.
First, the Plaintiff referred to an email from Ms Alfaro to the 2nd Defendant
on 25 February 2020, where in one of several bullet-points, she had stated:
“Also Vanessa is still waiting Kings Road statements from MC”. The 2nd
Defendant agreed that “Vanessa” was a reference to Ms Vanessa Diaz. However,
even if one were to assume that the bullet-point in Ms Alfaro’s email was a
reference to Ms Diaz waiting for the 2nd Defendant to send her financial
statements of bank statements of Kings Road Capital, this reference in itself
did not prove – or even suggest – that the 2nd Defendant had “substantial
involvement” in Kings Road Capital.

185 Second, the Plaintiff pointed to a notation in Ms Diaz’s “pending task
report” which appeared to show that the 2nd Defendant was expected to carry
out “2019 categorisation” in relation to Kings Road Capital. Again, it was not
possible to infer from this cryptic reference that the 2nd Defendant had
“substantial involvement” in Kings Road Capital.

186 Indeed, even taking the above two scraps of evidence together, the most
they hinted at was that the 2nd Defendant had some sort of connection to Kings
Road Capital. They did not suggest that the 2nd Defendant had “substantial
involvement” in Kings Road Capital – much less that the company was somehow
related to the 1st Defendant.

187 Moreover, assuming the 1st Defendant had indeed – through its conduct –
granted Mr Berger authority to enter into the Payment Processing Agreement on
its behalf, the relevant portion of the draft agreement would then logically
have stated that it was agreed and accepted on behalf of the 1st Defendant –
and not Kings Road Capital. The Plaintiff could not explain why, if the 1st
Defendant had indeed authorised Mr Berger to contract on its behalf, Kings
Road Capital should have been stipulated in the draft Merchant Services
Agreement as the contracting party. After all, assuming that the draft
agreement had been finalised, and Mr Berger had signed off on it qua agent,
Kings Road Capital would have ended up as the contracting party and not the
1st Defendant (see eg, Gregor Fisken Limited v Bernard Carl [2021] EWCA Civ
792 at [54], see also Hamid (t/a Hamid Properties) v Francis Bradshaw
Partnership [2013] EWCA Civ 470 (“Hamid”); Internaut Shipping GmbH and another
v Fercometal SARL [2003] EWCA Civ 812). But this was not the case.

188 I turn next to the third piece of evidence which the Plaintiff cited, ie,
that Mr Berger was being paid commissions by the 1st Defendant in relation to
the processing of the Plaintiff’s funds. Here, the Plaintiff pointed to the
1st Defendant’s settlement reports and correspondence in which the 1st
Defendant is stated as having “paid Mr Berger commissions, being a cut of the
BHH funds that were being processed”. The Plaintiff submitted that this was
consistent with Mr Berger’s description as an “agent” in Ms Alfaro’s emails.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 27(c).

In addition, the Plaintiff claimed that while the Defendants initially
asserted that Mr Berger unilaterally dictated the fees he earned on the
processing of BHH’s transactions, the 2nd Defendant had accepted that both Mr
Berger and the 1st Defendant agreed to the allocation of Mr Berger’s fees –
and this was consistent with Mr Berger being an “agent”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 27(c).

189 I was similarly unconvinced that the above points implied that Mr Berger
had actual authority to bind the 1st Defendant to the Payment Processing
Agreement. While it was indeed true that Ms Alfaro had described Mr Berger as
an “agent”, the mere use of such a label did not signify that there was
implied actual authority. It was not disputed that Ms Alfaro was not a lawyer.
While lawyers use terms such as “agents” in a technical, legal sense, it must
be borne in mind that laypersons, such as the parties in this case, do not pay
much heed to such legal technicalities especially in their communications with
each other.

190 In this connection, the approach taken by the court in Bunga Melati (CA)
is helpful. In that case, the plaintiff had relied on some bunker
confirmations sent by MAL to the defendant which described MAL as a “broker” –
a description which the defendant had not taken issue with. The CA noted that
the defendant’s employees had testified that they were unaware of the nuances
and failed to appreciate the legal difference between referring to a party as
a broker and as a trader, and also that these sums could have been used in
error. The CA agreed with Prakash J that this evidence was not unbelievable,
inter alia, given the previous work experience of the employees concerned, it
was not inconceivable that they would be unfamiliar with the precise meaning
of these terms, especially since other evidence showed that the terms could be
used interchangeably.

191 I would add that, in my view, the fact that Mr Berger was paid a
commission did not in any way imply that he had actual authority to contract
on the 1st Defendant’s behalf. For ease of analysis, I reproduce what the 2nd
Defendant had said in cross-examination: 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript dated 27 April 2022 at p 76 ln 19 – p 78 ln 24.

Q: Now, I want to focus on the table at the bottom, that contains various
references to commissions. Amongst other things there was a reference at line
20 to a Daniel commission. Do you see that?

A: Yes I do.

Q: Now, I believe your evidence is that Mr Berger had unilaterally determined
the fee that was to be paid or allocated to MCDP in relation to the remittance
services, as you call it; correct?

A: I don't remember if it was he who decided the commissions MCDP would make.
The way that he would set it up is he would sell a rate to his customers and
MCDP made a commission on its remittance services that was included in the
mark-up that he had set, and then anything outside that, you know, that he was
taking for his own commission, that was to be distributed by MCDP.

Q: Can I please refer you to 2AEIC 482, please. So for your context, Mr
Carbonara, this is a page from the report of Mr Richard Hartung, so that's an
industry expert that my client has called as a witness and he was cross-
examined on this report last week. At paragraph 48, Mr Hartung was addressing
the issue of the fees structure that was reflected in the settlement reports,
an example of which we just saw. I want to start with paragraph 49, in which
Mr Hartung quotes a statement from your eleventh affidavit in which you say:
"The amount and type of fees that Berger allocated to MCDP for Berger's use of
MCDP's software and remittance services were entirely within Berger's control
and discretion." Okay? Now, can I ask, is that still your position today?

A: My position hasn't changed, no.

Q: So just pausing here, are you -- do you mean to say that Mr Berger
unilaterally decided how much money or fees that MCDP was going to make from
providing the remittance services?

A: Again, it was -- he was marking up the fees to create a commission
structure and he determined how much MCDP was going to make based on that
mark-up, and that mark-up was for servicing the account through the remittance
services as provided and –

Q: And -- sorry. He determined how much MCDP was going to make. MCDP agreed to
the fee structure he determined; correct?

A: Yes.

Q: So it was not a case where Berger unilaterally decided on a fee structure
and forced MCDP to accept it. It was a case where Berger proposed it or
determined it, but MCDP itself agreed to it; correct?

A: Correct. He would determine the rates and as long as it was financially
viable, MCDP would agree to it.

Q: Yes…

[emphasis added]

192 Based on the 2nd Defendant’s evidence, it would appear that Mr Berger was
not actually paid a commission by the 1st Defendant per se. Mr Berger was the
one who had devised a fee structure: he marked up the fees to be charged to
the Plaintiff so as to create a commission structure; and he determined what
the 1st Defendant’s cut of the fees would be, with the remainder being his own
share. The 1st Defendant accepted his fee structure so long as it appeared
financially viable. All this militated against the inference or the
implication that Mr Berger had implied actual authority to contract on the 1st
Defendant’s behalf. Instead, it showed that Mr Berger was the one calling the
shots. He decided how much to charge his client (the Plaintiff), and how much
his service provider (the 1st Defendant) would receive.

193 I turn then to the Plaintiff’s final piece of evidence in relation to its
submission of actual authority: ie, the fact that the fees which the 1st
Defendant charged in relation to the processing of the Plaintiff’s funds were
the same as those agreed in the Payment Processing Agreement negotiated and
concluded between Mr Berger and the Plaintiff’s Ms Meza. Again, there appeared
to be a simple explanation for this: as observed above (at [179]), Mr Berger
was the one who set the rates which he charged his clients (ie, the
Plaintiff); and it appeared that the arrangement was for the 1st Defendant to
assist in collecting payment from the client before distributing to Mr Berger
his share of the payment.

194 I add that the 2nd Defendant maintained this version of events under
cross-examination; and the Plaintiff did not produce any evidence to refute
it. Insofar as the Plaintiff tried to rely on Mr Hartung’s opinion that it was
“unusual” for Mr Berger to have exerted such control over the fees charged and
the commissions payable, as I emphasised earlier, Mr Hartung was not a factual
witness in these proceedings, and his opinion in this respect could not be
accorded any weight.

195 In this connection, I also noted that during Mr Hartung’s testimony in
cross-examination, he did concede that as a matter of practice, “a processor
[could] buy or lease a software solution from a third party” to assist them in
processing payments and “use a remittance company to send remittances to the
merchant”; and based on his experience, this arrangement could “get
complicated” as it depended on the arrangements between the entities. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Transcript of 21 April 2022 at p 155 ln 6 to ln 25.

While Mr Hartung gave evidence that he could not conclude that Mr Berger was
the payment processer in the Payment Processing Agreement, as I emphasised
earlier, the question of whether Mr Berger or the 1st Defendant was the
payment processer in the Payment Processing Agreement was one of fact which
the trial court had to decide. Mr Hartung’s opinion evidence on this matter
was therefore irrelevant and could not be given any weight. In his own words:
133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2022 at p 215 ln 24 to p 216 ln 22.

What actually happened would be based on the evidence…I don’t know from the
evidence what authority he [Mr Berger] has… I don’t know the legal authority
of principal, but if he had authority to act as principal or another position,
then he could act.

196 To sum up, therefore: on the evidence before me, I found that the
Plaintiff was unable to show implied actual authority on Mr Berger’s part.

Applying the law to the facts: The Plaintiff’s case on apparent authority

197 As an alternative to actual authority, the Plaintiff pleaded that the 1st
Defendant had “represented” that Mr Berger had “apparent authority” to “act as
[the Plaintiff’s] representative”. The Plaintiff pleaded that this apparent
authority arose from the 1st Defendant having “represented that Berger had
such authority to act as its representative” – and that the 1st Defendant made
this representation by “providing payment processing services to the Plaintiff
in accordance with the terms agreed between Berger and Sloane [the Plaintiff’s
Ms Meza] and/or through its employee’s administrative and/or authorised
representative’s (Alfaro’s) conduct and participation in the group text-
message discussions relating to the performance of the terms of the Payment
Processing Agreement”.

198 A closer look at the Plaintiff’s pleaded case on apparent authority
revealed a fundamental flaw. In gist, the “representation” from the 1st
Defendant which the Plaintiff relied on for the purpose of establishing
apparent authority was the 1st Defendant’s alleged conduct subsequent to the
conclusion of the Payment Processing Agreement. This could not satisfy the
four factors set out by Diplock LJ in Freeman. It will be recalled that the
first three of these factors require that the claimant alleging apparent
authority show that a representation that the agent has authority to enter on
behalf of the company into a contract of the kind sought to be enforced was
made to him; that such a representation was made by a person or persons who
had “actual” authority to manage the business of the company either generally
or in respect of those matters to which the contract relates; and that he (the
claimant) was induced by such representation to enter into the contract. In
the present case, the Plaintiff could not produce any evidence whatsoever of
any representation from the 1st Defendant that Mr Berger had authority to
conclude the Payment Processing Agreement on its behalf; much less that the
Plaintiff was induced by such a representation from the 1st Defendant to enter
into the contract.

199 Indeed, on the contrary, the evidence available suggested that such a
representation was never made at all. The Plaintiff’s witness, Ms Meza, stated
that it was the Plaintiff’s “usual practice to refer any potential new
processing solutions” to Current Consulting Limited (“CCL”), a firm which the
Plaintiff had engaged to provide due diligence and management consulting
services in relation to the Plaintiff’s payment management and collection
business. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Meza AEIC at para 6.

As part of their due diligence checks, CCL had conducted a background check on
Mr Berger; and in their report of 13 September 2019, CCL had noted that he was
connected to the 2nd Defendant via the “Pagoworld debt (PINK) from Sep 2018”;
further, that the 2nd Defendant and his brother Joe were responsible along
with one George Calderon, “for the old Kreysha/SecCom large old debt”. CCL
opined that there was a suspicion that the 2nd Defendant and his brother
openly stole funds – but that Mr Berger was not involved. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Meza AEIC at p 90.

Also included in the annex to the due diligence report produced by CCL was an
item of correspondence between Ms Meza and what appeared to be other employees
of the Plaintiff:

Hi Guys,

Here are my notes from my call this morning with Daniel Berger, please let me
know if you have any questions or feedback. If we’re able to integrate without
using the Boltpay gateway, I’m comfortable that we can continue to move this
solution forward. Obviously, given the loose association with known fraudsters
this early in the game, we’ll want to be very watchful with this, but I am OK
to proceed.

[emphasis added]

200 I make two points about the above evidence. First, given that the
Plaintiff had taken the precaution of requesting from CCL a due diligence
report on Mr Berger, it would appear that logically, if there had been any
representation from the 1st Defendant that Mr Berger was entering into the
Payment Processing Agreement on its behalf, the Plaintiff would have requested
a similar report on the 1st Defendant. It did not make sense that the
Plaintiff would have wanted due diligence checks done on Mr Berger, but not on
the entity that was supposedly representing Mr Berger’s authority to contract
on its behalf. Yet, there was no evidence of any due diligence checks
conducted on the 1st Defendant.

201 Second, from the above evidence, it was clear that the Plaintiff was
cognisant of the possibility of a “loose association” between Mr Berger and
the 2nd Defendant (as well as the latter’s brother). From Ms Meza’s email
(above), it was also clear that the Plaintiff viewed the 2nd Defendant with
considerable disfavour and distrust. The 2nd Defendant has been, and continues
to be, on record as one of the directors of the 1st Defendant, as well as its
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. The Plaintiff has alleged in
its pleadings that it was previously defrauded by the 2nd Defendant in a
similar manner to that presently pleaded in this suit. Against this factual
backdrop, the tenor of Ms Meza’s email – and in particular, her warning that
they would “want to be very watchful” of Mr Berger’s “loose association” with
the 2nd Defendant – strongly suggested that while the Plaintiff might have
been willing to deal with Mr Berger despite his suspected ties with the 2nd
Defendant, they would not have entertained the prospect of contracting with an
entity owned by the 2nd Defendant.

202 For the reasons stated above, I rejected the Plaintiff’s case on apparent
authority.

Applying the law to the facts: The Plaintiff’s case on estoppel

203 Given the state of its own pleadings and the evidence (or lack thereof) on
apparent authority, it was perhaps not surprising that in its closing
submissions, the Plaintiff said nothing at all about apparent authority.
Instead, as noted earlier, the Plaintiff submitted that even if Mr Berger did
not have actual authority to conclude the Payment Processing Agreement on the
1st Defendant’s behalf, the 1st Defendant had nonetheless provided payment
processing services to the Plaintiff in accordance with the said agreement and
should therefore be estopped from denying its liability under the agreement.

204 While the Plaintiff’s closing submissions failed to make clear whether it
was seeking to rely on agency by estoppel, this did not ultimately matter
because – as the CA observed in Bunga Melati (CA) – unconscionability
underlies equity’s intervention to make a putative principal liable even in
the absence of actual authority. In this connection:

(U)nconscionability must comprehend not only the element of hardship on the
part of the third party but also responsibility on the part of the putative
principal. In other words, there must be some act or omission on the part of
the principal that leads to the third party acting or continuing to act in a
particular way to his detriment or suffering hardship and it is this which
gives rise to the requisite finding of unconscionability. This is why the
inquiry is correctly to be undertaken within the traditional framework of
estoppel that examines three elements which must be found to be satisfied,
namely, (i) a representation by the person against whom the estoppel is sought
to be raised; (ii) reliance on such representation by the person seeking to
raise the estoppel; and (iii) detriment…

[emphasis added]

205 As I said earlier, it was regrettable that in this case, apart from
repeating the allegation in its pleadings about the 1st Defendant’s provision
of payment processing services being a ratification or affirmation of the
Payment Processing Agreement, the Plaintiff made no attempt to review the
evidence adduced or to explain how the elements of estoppel were made out on
such evidence.

206 Insofar as the Plaintiff relied on Hong Leong and Wilson, the facts before
me were very far from the facts of these two cases. In Hong Leong, as seen
from the summary above (at [168]), the evidence left no doubt that Chotek and
Darimbi were aware at all material times of the negotiations with Hong Leong
Group over the three agreements – and that they assented to these three
agreements. Inter alia, OEH had – on behalf of Chotek and Darimbi – attended
numerous meetings where discussions were held on Hong Leong Group’s
participation as a shareholder in accordance with the JVA and the liability of
the old AHDL shareholders (Chotek, Darimbi and AEL) to reimburse Hong Leong
Group in accordance with the compensation agreement. Chotek’s and Darimbi’s
actions thereafter also left no doubt that they were taking steps to comply
with the three agreements with Hong Leong Group (eg, their execution of deeds
of assignment assigning to the first plaintiff HLIH their rights to subscribe
for the AHDL shares).

207 As for Wilson, there was no doubt that the defendant company had knowingly
let the plaintiff into possession of the land: his machinery had been brought
onto the land in the company’s own waggons; and the company’s officers had
carried out various acts in compliance with the terms of the contract
concluded by Chester (eg, the laying down of a branch railway to the land).
Turner LJ held that the equities of the case lay with the plaintiff who –
having been given possession of the land on the faith of the contract – should
not thereafter be “treated as a trespasser and turned out of possession on the
ground that there was no agreement” (at p 466). Indeed, as seen from the above
summary, Turner LJ viewed it as “a fraud for the defendant company to set up
the absence of agreement when possession [had] been given upon the faith of
it”.

208 In short, in both Hong Leong and Wilson, the sole inference which could be
drawn from the evidence was that the putative principal in each case was aware
that the third party was operating on the misapprehension that the contract
had been validly concluded with the principal; that the circumstances were
such that the principal would have been reasonably expected to correct the
misapprehension; and that far from having corrected the misapprehension, the
principal had taken positive actions which appeared to demonstrate to the
third party that it (the principal) considered itself bound by the contract.
In this respect, it will be recalled that in Bunga Melati (CA), counsel for
the plaintiff bunker supplier had argued that it could be inferred from
various pieces of evidence that the defendant shipowner knew MAL was
conducting all its transactions with bunker suppliers on the basis that it was
the defendant’s agent. In declining to draw such an inference, the CA had this
to say (at [38]):

… it is well established that an inference may only be drawn if it is the sole
inference that flows from the facts proved. The more serious the nature of the
inference, the more careful the court must be to ensure that this is so. In
our judgment, the various sets of facts that were advanced, whether taken
individually or collectively, do not provide a sufficient basis to draw the
inference that was urged upon us. It was simply not possible to conclude that
[the plaintiff] knew that MAL was conducting all its transactions with all its
bunker suppliers on the basis that it was [the defendant’s] agent. Having
failed to prove this, there was neither the need nor the basis for us to
consider whether [the defendant] had a duty to communicate to [the plaintiff]
that MAL was not its agent and [the plaintiff’s] argument on agency by
estoppel, even assuming this affords a separate basis of liability, fails.

209 In the present case, the Plaintiff’s submissions did not explain how the
sole inference to be drawn from the evidence was that the 1st Defendant was
aware the Plaintiff was labouring under the misapprehension that the 1st
Defendant was the contracting party under the Payment Processing Agreement,
and that being so aware, it had failed to correct the misapprehension. The
main argument which the Plaintiff advanced in its closing submissions was what
it had said in its pleadings – ie, that the 1st Defendant had provided payment
processing services. This was simply not enough for the Plaintiff’s case on
estoppel. The evidence of the services provided by the 1st Defendant was
equally consistent with the 1st Defendant’s case that it provided remittance
services to Mr Berger, who needed to satisfy the contractual obligations he
had undertaken to clients such as the Plaintiff, and who in turn provided for
the 1st Defendant to get a cut of the rates he charged these clients.

210 The Plaintiffs also sought to rely on the presence of the 1st Defendant’s
sailboat emblem on the Merchant Control Panel and on the fact that it had
received funds from WorldFirst Singapore Pte Ltd (WorldFirst) “for the account
of [the 1st Defendant]”. As to the presence of the sailboat emblem on the
Merchant Control Panel, it was not disputed that the Merchant Control Panel
was an information tool; it could not be used for payment processing functions
such as the approval or rejection of transactions. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2022 at p 47 ln 12 – p 48 ln 2.

The 2nd Defendant gave evidence that the 1st Defendant had acquired the
Merchant Control Panel software from Coriunder and had placed its sailboat
emblem on the said software as part of the “white-labelling arrangement
between [the 1st Defendant] and Coriunder”. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Michael Carbonara AEIC at paras 28 – 30.

According to the 2nd Defendant, the 1st Defendant had allowed Mr Berger to use
the Merchant Control Panel because he was the one who knew Coriunder and its
founder; he had introduced Coriunder to the 1st Defendant as “a start-up that
could provide software which could enable MCDP to manage its own customers
better by hosting all the information in respect of its customers onto one
platform (ie, the Merchant Control Panel software)”; and being much more tech-
savvy than anyone from the 1st Defendant, he had also helped to set up the
Merchant Control Panel software for the latter. The Plaintiff did not produce
any evidence to refute the 2nd Defendant’s account. In fact, its expert Mr.
Hartung conceded in cross-examination that it was possible for a party to use
another party’s software and remittance solutions for payment processing, and
that any such practice did not mean that the company providing the solutions
was the payment processor. Mr. Hartung also agreed that whether this was the
case would depend “on the contractual arrangements”, and that it was “possible
for a payment processor to use a remittance company to send remittances to the
merchant”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript dated 21 April 2022 at p 155 ln 18 – 21.

211 As for the receipt of funds from WorldFirst Singapore Pte Ltd (WorldFirst)
“for the account of [the 1st Defendant]”, I also did not find this point
particularly helpful to the Plaintiff’s case. The 2nd Defendant’s evidence was
that the 1st Defendant remitted monies through WorldFirst to Mr Berger’s
customers, such as the Plaintiff, pursuant to Mr Berger’s instructions. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Michael Carbonara AEIC at para 38.

According to the 2nd Defendant, Mr Berger would instruct the payment
processors whom he had engaged to process his customers’ funds to transfer the
processed funds to the 1st Defendant’s bank account; and after the relevant
payment processors had done so, Mr Berger would give the 1st Defendant
instructions for the remittance of the funds, through the settlement reports
generated from the Merchant Control Panel. The 2nd Defendant’s evidence was
that the settlement reports generated from the Merchant Control Panel would
reflect the various “channels” (and thereby MIDs) which had been used to
process payments. They would also reflect how much Berger was instructing MCDP
to remit pursuant to each “channel”. The fees allocated to all the relevant
entities and/or individuals were based on what Berger had dictated and
programmed into the Merchant Control Panel. Using its account with WorldFirst,
the 1st Defendant would remit the appropriate amounts based on Mr Berger’s
instructions, after deducting appropriate fees and commissions.

212 Although the Plaintiff decried the 2nd Defendant’s version of events as
being unconvincing or even unbelievable, it should be highlighted that the
Plaintiff’s own witness Ms Meza herself accepted in cross-examination that it
was possible for the company responsible for payment processing and the
company responsible for remitting funds to be different. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2022 at p 116 ln 16 – p 117 ln 14.

The 2nd Defendant’s version of events was also at least in part supported by
the evidence of the parties’ contemporaneous communications. For example, in
an email sent by Ms Alfaro to Mr Berger on 27 January 2020, in which she had
enclosed the “ConnectApp weekly settlement report”, Ms Alfaro had expressly
stated: 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

5ABOD at p 486.

Hello Dan

…….

Week 01.06.20 to 01.12.20 will not be settled from MCDP Phoenix [the 1st
Defendant] since funds were not received to any bank account under MCDP
Phoenix as per your instructions……

[emphasis added]

213 Ms Alfaro’s email indicated that it was Mr Berger who decided whether
processed funds should be sent to the 1st Defendant’s account for remittance –
or not, as the case might be. Other communications between Mr Berger and Ms
Alfaro also indicated that it was Mr Berger who decided on the commission
payable to the 1st Defendant for remitting the funds. Thus, for example, in a
text message to Ms Alfaro on 24 December 2019, Mr Berger stated emphatically:
142

##### Foot Note 142

×

5ABOD at p 593.

You don’t decide on phoenix [the 1st defendant] commission.

I…Do.

214 That Mr Berger appeared to be the person deciding how much funds would be
forwarded to the 1st Defendant for remittance and how much commission the
latter would receive was further emphasized in an email he sent on 25 December
2019. In that email, in response to an earlier email from Ms Alfaro enclosing
the “ConnectApp Ledger Report”, Mr Berger stated: 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

3PBOD at p 436.

…Daphne I will calculate the ledger of commissions. It will not be the
previous preset and phoenix [the 1st Defendant] participation will be reduced.

215 For the reasons set out above, therefore, I rejected the Plaintiff’s
argument that the 1st Defendant had taken positive actions post 15 August 2019
which demonstrated that it considered itself bound by the Payment Processing
Report.

216 I add that in any event, on the evidence before me, I was not persuaded
that the Plaintiff could have been labouring under the misapprehension that
the 1st Defendant was the contracting party under the Payment Processing
Agreement. The documented communications between Mr Berger and the Plaintiff
throughout the course of their dealings showed that the former consistently
represented himself to the Plaintiff as being the person with oversight of the
payment processing services provided to the latter and the ability to make
various decisions in relation to the provision of those services. These
documented communications also showed that Mr Berger did not at any point
allude to the 1st Defendant. I set out below a number of examples.

217 On 16 August 2019, for example (a day after the Skype call between Mr
Berger and the Plaintiff’s representative Ms Meza), Mr Berger provided Ms Meza
with the fees, terms and other parameters of the payment processing services
which he was providing to BHHI. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 76; 3PBOD at p 207.

Some three days later, on 19 August 2019, Mr Berger informed Ms Meza that he
needed to know where the Plaintiff wanted to receive the settlement funds so
that he could allocate the dedicated structure for the same. He also informed
the Plaintiff of the parameters which they were required to follow in relation
the transactions sent for processing. On 21 August 2019, Mr Berger sent the
Plaintiff the credentials it needed to set up its systems. As the Defendants
pointed out, for two weeks from the date when the Payment Processing Agreement
was allegedly concluded on 15 August 2019 till 29 August 2019, Mr Berger was
the only person whom the Plaintiff dealt with; and even when he subsequently
added Ms. Alfaro to the Skype Groupchat on 29 August 2019. He introduced her
as someone who would “back me [ie, Mr Berger] up”. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Meza AEIC at p 39.

218 The communications exchanged in the months following the alleged
conclusion of the Payment Processing Agreement on 15 August 2019 also showed
that Mr Berger continued to represent himself to the Plaintiff as the person
primarily in charge of ensuring the provision of the payment processing
services. Indeed, as the Defendants submitted, some of Mr Berger’s statements
to the Plaintiff appeared to suggest that he had access to the acquiring bank
and was monitoring the status of the transactions being processed. Thus, for
example, on 31 August 2019 Berger informed the Plaintiff via their Skype
Groupchat that he saw “a transaction went to the bank … So the Integration
it’s working”. On that same day, when transactions were rejected, Mr Berger
instructed Ms. Alfaro to “check the configuration is correct also on the mid
at the bank”. He also informed the Plaintiff that he was “looking at the
connection” – and later, that the errors were “Solved”.

219 As another example, on 7 September 2019, Mr Berger informed Ms Meza that
he had noticed a huge disproportion between the transactions processed and
advised her that this needed tweaking so that the account looked “healthy” and
“organic”. He also informed Ms. Meza that the “mids will have capacity growth
of 1MM from next week” and purported to share with her the approval rates of
other merchants. On 16 September 2019, Mr Berger directed Ms Alfaro to
increase the capacity of the MIDs provided to BHHI. He also undertook to
explain to Ms Meza that the global registration rules of the Credit Card
Networks prevented him from increasing the capacity of the MIDs beyond a
certain threshold. Subsequently, on 12 October 2019, he warned Ms. Meza to
“slow down” on the transactions being processed because the amount was nearing
the limit which he had told her about previously. Then, on 7 December 2019,
when the acquiring bank blocked the MIDs, it was also Mr Berger who informed
Ms Meza that he was working to solve the issue, that he had “[b]een at it with
the guys in MX”, and that she would know more as soon as he knew more.

220 As noted earlier, therefore, based on the evidence of the communications
between the Plaintiff and Mr Berger, I did not find it could be said that the
Plaintiff was operating on the misapprehension that the Payment Processing
Agreement had been validly concluded with the 1st Defendant instead of with Mr
Berger.

221 For the reasons set out above, I similarly rejected the Plaintiff’s case
on estoppel.

The Plaintiff’s case on disclosed but unnamed principal

222 In addition to its pleaded reliance on actual authority, apparent
authority, and/or estoppel, the Plaintiff put forward two other agency-related
arguments in its closing submissions: one in relation to disclosed but unnamed
principals; the other in relation to undisclosed principals.

223 In respect of the former, the Plaintiff argued that “(a)though Mr Berger
did not name [the 1st Defendant] as the payment services provider that he was
acting on behalf of when negotiating the Payment Processing Agreement, this
does not prevent [the 1st Defendant] from being bound by it”, as “(a)n agent
can bind a principal to a contract even if the principal is not named”. In
advancing this argument, the Plaintiff cited a trio of authorities, but failed
to analyse any of these authorities or to explain how they supported its case.
This was unfortunate, as an examination of the facts and the ratio in each of
these cases would have revealed that they provided no support at all for the
Plaintiff’s case.

224 In N & J Vlassopulos Ltd v Ney Shipping Ltd [1977] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 478 (“N &
J Vlassopulos Ltd”), the plaintiffs and the defendants were members of the
Baltic Exchange but elected as brokers or agents only. One of the plaintiffs’
functions was to arrange for the supply of bunkers to vessels at ports
throughout the world. The dispute between the parties arose from the
plaintiffs having supplied bunkers to a vessel at the defendants’ request. The
plaintiffs had forwarded their invoices to the defendants for payment, and
having received no payment, had brought an action against the defendants to
recover the invoice amount. The defendants refuted the claim on the ground
that the request had been made on behalf of their principals, who were the
time charterers of the vessel; and that although the plaintiffs did not know
whom the principals were, they did know the defendant had acted as agents. At
first instance, the plaintiffs obtained judgment, but the defendants were
successful in their appeal. In allowing the appeal, the English Court of
Appeal held that from the evidence, it was clear that the plaintiffs knew the
defendants were ordering the fuel simply as agents; and it was therefore for
the plaintiffs to establish those facts from which the court could infer (on
the balance of probabilities) that the defendants were liable notwithstanding
the plaintiffs’ knowledge that they were acting as agents. This, clearly, the
plaintiffs were unable to establish. As Roskill LJ pointed out (at p 483):

(T)he background, which I regard as all-important, is that one has two Baltic
brokers each contracting as agents for principals. Each knew that the other
was acting as an agent. It is true that the plaintiffs did not know for whom
the defendants were acting as agents, but the whole background is of a
contract entered into between two agents for their respective principals…

Against the background which I have outlined, what were the plaintiffs
entitled to conclude as to the attitude of the defendants? Were they entitled
to conclude in these circumstances that the defendants were making themselves
personally liable as the learned Judge held? I venture to think that they were
not.

225 In Marsh & McLennan Pty Ltd v Stanyers Transport Pty Ltd [1994] 2 VR 232
(“Marsh & McLennan”), the respondent was the insured under an insurance policy
arranged through the appellant who was an insurer’s agent. The respondent sued
the appellant for return of the premium after cancelling the policy. The
appellant was found in the lower courts to be liable to the respondent for
damages, but succeeded on appeal before the Appeal Division of the Supreme
Court of Victoria. Marks J, who delivered the judgment of the Full Court,
pointed out that this was not a “true undisclosed principal situation” (at p
242). Referring to commentary by Professor Reynolds (“Practical Problems of
the Undisclosed Principal Doctrine” (1983) Current Legal Problems 119), Marks
J noted that this was a case, rather, “where the principal is not undisclosed
but rather unnamed or identified ie, his existence and connection with the
transaction must be deemed to have been in some measure contemplated from the
outset by the third party, though his name was not known”; and – citing N & J
Vlassopulos Ltd – that for such a situation, the “prima facie rule is that the
contract is between the third party and the principal”. On the facts of Marsh
& McLennan, it was held that the respondent’s insurance broker – and therefore
the respondent – knew that the appellant was acting as agent for an overseas
insurer: inter alia, the respondent’s insurance broker had possession of the
specimen policy which said so, and the appellant’s brochures which implied it.
Thus, the only parties to any contract were the respondent as the insured and
the insurer, notwithstanding that acceptance of the premium was by an
authorised agent of the insurer: the evidence showed that the appellant was in
fact authorised by the overseas insurer.

226 Neither N & J Vlassopulos Ltd nor Marsh & McLennan furnished any support
for the Plaintiff’s case on agency. In each of these cases, the court was
satisfied on the evidence that the two sides to the disputed contract knew
from the outset that the agent was entering into the contract on behalf of a
principal, even if the identity of the principal was not disclosed. In the
present case, there was no evidence whatsoever of such awareness or knowledge.
The Plaintiff has not been able to point to any evidence showing that it was
aware of the existence of a principal – albeit an unnamed principal – on whose
behalf Mr Berger was entering into the Payment Processing Agreement.

227 As for Lundie & anor v Rowena Nominees Pty Ltd [2006] WASCA 106
(“Lundie”), the background to the dispute in that case was a prospective
issued by a company known as “Karri Oak” which offered to potential investors
(“growers”) the opportunity to participate in the establishment of a vineyard.
Growers were offered the option of financing their investment by way of a loan
facility; and the loan agreement was one of the agreements required to
establish the project. The summary of the loan agreement in the prospectus
stated that the parties to each loan agreement were “the registered broker
Rowena Nominees Pty Ltd” (“Rowena”) as “agent for various of its clients (“The
Lenders”) who may vary with each Loan Agreement, the grower and any guarantor
of the grower”. The applicants had applied for four leased areas; and four
loan agreements were executed in respect of the applicants. Each was executed
by Rowena as attorney for and on behalf of “the Lender”, and also executed by
Karri Oak as attorney for and on behalf of the applicants. Rowena subsequently
commenced proceedings against the applicants claiming repayment of the loan
funds. The applicants, who denied that they had entered into loan agreements
with Rowena and did not admit any loan agreement between themselves and a
Lender, applied for summary judgment on the basis (inter alia) that Rowena’s
action was frivolous and vexatious. At first instance, the application was
dismissed, whereupon the applicants appealed. In considering if there was a
triable issue whether or not Rowena was entitled to sue on the loan
agreements, the appellate court found that the loan agreements should be
construed upon the basis that Rowena had contracted as agent and not as
principal. This was a fact-specific finding: the court pointed to certain
clauses in the loan agreements which appeared to show that Rowena was intended
to be an agent. Notwithstanding this finding, the court noted that there
appeared to be some authority for the proposition that where a person which
entered into a contract professedly as an agent was in fact in the real
principal, he could (perhaps) sue and be sued on the contract in certain
circumstances. This proposition was irrelevant to the Plaintiff’s case since
the Plaintiff were not claiming that Mr Berger should be found personally
liable on the Payment Processing Agreement.

228 In sum, therefore, the Plaintiff’s submissions about the position of
unnamed principals and its reliance on the above trio of cases did nothing to
advance its case.

The Plaintiff’s case on undisclosed principal: Applying the law to the facts

229 Finally, in relation to its case on agency, the Plaintiff submitted that
even if the 1st Defendant were an “undisclosed principal (as opposed to a
merely unnamed one)”, it “would still not preclude [the Plaintiff’s claim
against [the 1st Defendant” because “the law is clear that where an agent
enters into a contract with a third party, intending to do so on behalf of the
agent’s principal, the principal may sue and be sued on the contract even
though his existence was unknown to the third party”. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 288.

Again, regrettably, although the Plaintiff cited a trio of authorities, no
attempt was made to explain how they were of assistance to its case; and yet
again, an examination of these authorities showed that they were of no
assistance to the Plaintiff at all.

230 In Siu Yin Kwan & anor v Eastern Insurance Co Ltd [1994] 1 All ER 213
(“Siu Yin Kwan”), A Ltd was the owner of a vessel insured by the defendants. A
Ltd had appointed R Ltd as its general agents worldwide and to effect the
insurance for the vessel. The disputed contract was a contract for indemnity
insurance which named R Ltd as the proposer and made no mention of the fact
that A Ltd was the owners of the vessel and the employer of the crew on board.
However, the defendants were aware from previous dealings that R Ltd were
shipping agents and were not the owner of the vessel. When A Ltd later went
into liquidation, the plaintiffs – who were the family members of two deceased
crewmen – claimed that A Ltd’s right as the employer to be indemnified by the
defendant insurers under the policy had been transferred to and vested in the
estates of the two deceased crewmen. The defendants argued that the policy did
not effect a valid contract of indemnity against the employer’s liability to
the crew because the insured R Ltd was not the employer, and the employer A
Ltd was not the insured. This argument was rejected by the Privy Council. Lord
Lloyd, who delivered the judgment of the Privy Council, cited the following
extract from the judgment of Diplock LJ (as he then was) in Teheran Europe Co
Ltd v ST Belton (Tractors) Ltd [1968] 2 All ER 886 at 890 (“Teheran Europe”,
at p 221):

Where an agent has…actual authority and enters into a contract with another
party intending to do so on behalf of his principal, it matters not whether he
discloses to the other party the identity of his principal, or even that he is
contracting on behalf of a principal at all. If the other party is willing or
leads the agent to believe that he is willing to treat as a party to the
contract anyone on whose behalf the agent may have been authorised to
contract. In the case of an ordinary commercial contract such willingness of
the other party may be assumed by the agent unless either the other party
manifests his unwillingness or there are other circumstances which should lead
the agent to realise that the other party was not so willing.

231 In Siu Yin Kwan, the contract in question being one for indemnity
insurance, it was held to be “an ordinary commercial contract”: A Ltd were
entitled to sue as undisclosed principal unless R Ltd should have realised
that the defendants were unwilling to contract with anyone other than
themselves. In this connection, the Privy Council agreed (at p 223) with the
finding of the court below that the actual identity of the employer was a
matter of indifference to the defendant: it was not material to the risk; and
the defendant would have been content to insure the employer of the crew,
whoever it was, provided that it was satisfied with the answers given in the
proposal form.

232 Siu Yin Kwan was applied by our CA in Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp v
San’s Rent-A-Car Pte Ltd (t//a San’s Tours & Car Rentals) [1994] 3 SLR(R) 26
(“HSBC”). In that case, the appellant HSBC had granted credit facilities to a
company which, as security, executed a debenture in favour of HSBC and
assigned its interest in a leasehold property to HSBC. After the company
defaulted, HSBC appointed receivers and managers under the debenture. The
receivers negotiated with the respondent’s representatives for the purchase by
the latter of HSBC’s interest in the property. This led to the respondent
signing a letter of offer agreeing to purchase the property and the receivers
purporting to accept the offer. The respondent then refused to proceed with
the sale, whereupon HSBC sued for wrongful recission and the respondent
counterclaimed for recission. The trial judge rejected the respondent’s
defence that HSBC was not the party with whom the sale contract was made
and/or that HSBC had no power to sell the property – but eventually found in
favour of the respondent on the basis that there had been no consensus ad idem
between the parties since the respondent’s offer had been for purchase of
legal title whereas the purported acceptance had related only to equitable
title. HSBC’s appeal was dismissed, as was the respondent’s notice against the
trial judge’s rejection of the above defence. On the respondent’s notice, the
CA – citing Siu Yin Kwan and in particular the above passage from Teheran
Europe – agreed with the trial judge that if a contract had arisen from the
respondent’s letter of offer and the purported acceptance, it would have been
one between HSBC as vendor and the respondent as purchaser. This was because
the letter of offer had stated that the vendor was selling as “first equitable
mortgagee” – a description which could not have referred to the company. In
any case, the receivers themselves confirmed they were acting for HSBC. In the
circumstances, HSBC “as undisclosed principal were entitled to enter into the
contract (if there was one)”: the contract was “evidently not one where the
identity of the parties was so material that [the respondent] would not have
entered into if they had realised who the actual principal was “ (HSBC at [23]
– [24]).

233 Applying Siu Yin Kwan to the present case, the Plaintiff could not even
cross the first hurdle: there was no evidence at all to show that Mr Berger
had actual authority to contract on the 1st Defendant’s behalf, and that he
had entered in the alleged Payment Processing Agreement intending to contract
on the 1st Defendant’s behalf.

234 I add that insofar as the point on undisclosed principals was concerned,
Seah Boon Lock and anor v Family Food Court [2007] 3 SLR(R) 362 appeared to be
primarily concerned with the question of whether an agent for an undisclosed
principal should be able to bring a suit in his capacity as agent without
disclosing the identity of his principal. Nothing in the judgment appeared to
me to assist the Plaintiff’s case; and in any event, the Plaintiff failed to
explain the relevance of this authority despite having cited it in closing
submissions.

The Plaintiff’s case on subsequent conduct: Whether Ms Alfaro dealt with the
Plaintiff in the capacity of an employee or authorised representative of the
1st Defendant

235 To recapitulate: the Plaintiff’s pleaded case was that on 15 August 2019,
Mr Berger had concluded the Payment Processing Agreement with the Plaintiff on
the 1st Defendant’s behalf, as Mr Berger had “either actual or ostensible
authority to act as [the 1st Defendant’s] representative to offer or agree to
provide payment processing services to the [Plaintiff]”. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Reply (Amendment No 4) at para 5.

I found that the Plaintiff could not muster the evidence to prove what they
had pleaded. The Plaintiff argued that I should nevertheless accept that there
must have been a contract between the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant for the
1st Defendant to provide payment processing services to the Plaintiff because
Ms Alfaro was “involved in the performance” of such a contract as the 1st
Defendant’s alleged “employee, administrator and/or authorised
representative”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Reply (Amendment No 4) at para 5.3.

It was submitted that in assisting the Plaintiff with payment processing
matters post 15 August 2019, Ms Alfaro did so in the capacity of an employee
or authorised representative of the 1st Defendant.

236 I make four points about this submission. First, it was not clear what
exactly the terms “administrator” and “authorised representative” meant – or
whether they meant something different from “employee”. From the Plaintiff’s
closing submissions, it appeared that these two terms were used
interchangeably with the term “employee”. It also appeared to be the
Plaintiff’s position that Ms Alfaro had in fact been employed by the 1st
Defendant at the time she assisted the Plaintiff with their payment processing
concerns.

237 Second, on the Plaintiff’s own case, Ms Alfaro was introduced to its
representatives by Mr Berger on 29 August 2019, ie, two weeks after Mr Berger
had already negotiated and entered into the Payment Processing Agreement with
the Plaintiff’s representative. Insofar as proving the 1st Defendant’s alleged
breach of the Payment Processing Agreement was concerned, therefore, the
argument about Ms Alfaro’s “involvement” in the “performance” of the contract
made sense only in the context of a case theory which posited Mr Berger’s role
as an agent of the 1st Defendant. According to this case theory, assuming Ms
Alfaro was indeed the 1st Defendant’s employee, her conduct in assisting with
payment processing matters would constitute evidence of the 1st Defendant
acting in conformity with the Payment Processing Agreement and provide support
for the Plaintiff’s estoppel-based arguments.

238 Third, on the evidence of the Plaintiff’s own representative Ms Meza, when
Mr Berger introduced Ms Alfaro to Ms Meza on 29 August 2019, he did so on the
basis that Ms Alfaro was (in his own words) someone who would “back me up she
is in that side of the pawn [sic] to finalise your launch” 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Meza AEIC at p 39; 2 BAEIC at p 41.

(emphasis in bold added). There was also, conspicuously, no mention of the 1st
Defendant in this communication. In other words, Mr Berger expressly
introduced Ms Alfaro to the Plaintiff as someone who would support him – not
as an “employee, administrator and/or authorised representative” of the 1st
Defendant.

239 Fourth, as I noted earlier, based on recent caselaw, there is no objection
in principle to the court taking subsequent conduct into account when
considering the question of the proper parties to a contract. In considering
such evidence, it should be remembered that this was a case where even the
Plaintiff was obliged to concede that there was no evidence of any express
statements by its representatives and the 1st Defendant’s that the latter was
the contracting party to the Payment Processing Agreement. This being the
case, the appropriate approach – as Coppel QC pointed out in Lumley (at [22])
– was to “construe or infer objectively what reasonable parties would have
assumed would be the position based on what was said or done”. Viewed
objectively, the evidence of subsequent conduct relied on by the Plaintiff was
either inconclusive or at best neutral: contrary to the Plaintiff’s
contention, it was far from clear from the evidence that Ms Alfaro had acted
in the capacity of an employee or authorised representative of the 1st
Defendant.

240 In the first place, while Ms Alfaro had an email address with the domain
“phoenixam.net” – this did not necessarily mean that she was an employee,
administrator or authorised representative of the 1st Defendant. To illustrate
the point, the Plaintiff’s own witness, Mr Wahlström, admitted in cross-
examination that while he had an email address with the domain “@seftops.net”,
he was not an employee of Seftops 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript dated 19 April 2022, p 147 ln 23 – p 148 ln 1.

. In Ms Alfaro’s case, the 2nd Defendant explained that the email domain
“phoenixam.net” was issued to persons who carried out work for the 1st
Defendant and worked on other projects: it was simply a means of consolidating
communication, given that some of the independent contractors had their own
companies. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript dated 25 April 2022, p 18, ln 2 to 6.

241 Next, the fact that Ms Alfaro had sent updates to the 2nd Defendant did
not necessarily support the finding that she was employed by the 1st
Defendant. The 2nd Defendant’s evidence was that Ms Alfaro had sent those
updates “based on services that she was doing, to manage as administrator for
the different software platforms”. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript dated 25 April 2022 , p 21, ln 6 to 8.

This appeared to me to be at the very least, a plausible explanation.

242 I note that in cross-examining the 2nd Defendant, counsel for the
Plaintiff had pointed to an email sent by Ms Alfaro dated 25 September 2019 in
which she had written “Dan: BOL they want our corp docs as MCDP but we are
going to give them kings road instead Also, they are pushing Dan to signed an
agreement that isn't a benefit for us. This merchant is super high
maintenance”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

1 PBOD at p 177.

It was put to the 2nd Defendant that the word “we” referred to the 1st
Defendant. To this, the 1st Defendant had the following response: 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Transcript dated 25 April 2022 p 26 ln 5 – 11.

A: No, because she is -- Ms Alfaro is not going to speak for me or MCDP. She
isn't going to be informing me what my actions are going to be, she is
informing what her and Daniel Berger were doing. That's how I took that.
Otherwise she wouldn't be instructing me what MCDP is doing. That doesn't make
sense to me.

Q: Why do you say she was instructing you?

A: No I'm saying she wouldn't. That wouldn't make sense for Ms Alfaro to
instruct me what MCDP was going to do because that would be my decision what
MCDP would do. So that's why I don't understand it the way you have explained
it.

[emphasis added]

243 In my view, it was at the very least unclear that in using the word “we”,
Ms Alfaro was referring to the 1st Defendant and/or that she was doing so from
the perspective of an employee or authorised representative of the 1st
Defendant. The 2nd Defendant’s explanation – that it made no sense for Ms
Alfaro to send him an email purportedly telling him what “MCDP” (the 1st
Defendant) would be doing when he was the one who would make such decisions on
MCDP’s behalf – also appeared to me to be logical and tenable.

244 Fifth, while I have said that less weight should be given to evidence in
Ms Alfaro’s AEIC and her US deposition, it is useful to note that nothing
emerged in either piece of evidence to support an inference that Ms Alfaro was
an employee or authorised representative of the 1st Defendant at the time she
assisted the Plaintiff with payment processing matters. In fact, Ms Alfaro’s
evidence in the AEIC she filed in this suit was that she had no formal
employment relationship with the 1st Defendant. This was clarified in her US
deposition, wherein she stated that she had been employed by the 1st Defendant
for about a year between October 2017 and October 2018, and that thereafter
she had worked for the 1st Defendant as an independent contractor. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at para 57.

245 The final point I make about the Plaintiff’s reliance on the evidence of
Ms Alfaro’s conduct is one which I alluded to earlier (at [240] above). Even
assuming for the sake of argument that Ms Alfaro was employed by the 1st
Defendant at the time she was assisting the Plaintiff, the 1st Defendant’s
provision of payment processing services – and the fact that the provision of
these services was in line with what the alleged Payment Processing Agreement
stipulated – were equally consistent with the 1st Defendant’s case that it
provided the services to Mr Berger, who needed to satisfy the contractual
obligations he had undertaken to clients such as the Plaintiff, and who in
turn provided for the 1st Defendant to get a cut of the rates he charged these
clients.

Summary of my decision on the Plaintiff’s contractual claim

246 To sum up, then: insofar as the Plaintiff’s contractual claim was
concerned, applying an objective test to the evidence available, I found that
the Plaintiff was unable to prove it had entered into the Payment Processing
Agreement with the 1st Defendant as the other contracting party. To borrow the
words of Coppel QC in Lumley, it might be said that if Mr Berger had taken
reasonable steps to document and formalise the contract with the Plaintiff, it
would have been made clear that the Payment Processing Agreement was with some
corporate entity – and not himself. But he did not take any such steps. More
importantly, even if he had done so, the evidence presented of the draft
agreement indicated that had the contract been formalised, it would have been
between the Plaintiff and Kings Road Capital.

247 I add that the manner in which Mr Berger operated in this case appeared to
me to be similar to what was described as the “modus operandi” of the 2nd
defendant Mr Foster in Lumley: as with Mr Foster in Lumley, Mr Berger was
content, for reasons best known to himself, to leave opaque the network of
entities which actually did the work he brought in. Taken together, the
evidence pointed towards the conclusion that it was Mr Berger, and not the 1st
Defendant, who was the other contracting party to the Payment Processing
Agreement. It was Mr Berger who appeared to be calling the shots at all
material times. On the totality of the evidence, it would appear that Mr
Berger had an agreement with the Plaintiff for the provision of payment
processing services (the Payment Services Agreement); and Mr Berger then
brought in the 1st Defendant as part of the network of entities which actually
did the work he contracted to do.

248 As the Plaintiff was unable to prove the existence of a contractual
relationship with the 1st Defendant, let alone the latter’s breach of duties
imposed by any such contractual relationship, the issue of whether the 2nd
Defendant had knowingly induced or procured a breach of contract by the 1st
Defendant did not arise.

Whether the 1st Defendant was in breach of its contractual and fiduciary
duties to the Plaintiff and whether the 2nd Defendant had knowingly induced or
procured the 1st Defendant’s breach of contract

The Plaintiff’s case on breach of fiduciary duties

249 I address next the Plaintiff’s further and/or alternative claim that the
1st Defendant owed it fiduciary duties; that the 1st Defendant had breached
its fiduciary duties by failing to account for the sum of US$2,680,535.21
(referred to in this context as “the Trust Monies”) and/or to pay this sum to
the Plaintiff; and that the 2nd Defendant had “knowingly assisted [the 1st
Defendant]’s breach of its fiduciary duties”. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 23.

The law on fiduciary duties

250 The principles applicable in determining whether a party owes fiduciary
duties to another have been articulated on several occasions by the CA: see
eg, Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and others and
another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 655 (“Turf Club Auto”, at [42] – [45]) and Tan Yok
Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and other appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 (“Tan Yok
Koon”, at [192] – [210]). Most recently, in How Weng Fan v Sengkang Town
Council [2022] SGCA 72 (“How Weng Fan”), the CA summarised the principles as
follows:

170 …The classic exposition of what a fiduciary is can be found in the
judgment of Millett LJ (as he then was) in Bristol and West Building Society v
Mothew [1998] Ch 1 (“Mothew”) (at 18):

A fiduciary is someone who has undertaken to act for or on behalf of another
in a particular matter in circumstances which give rise to a relationship of
trust and confidence. The distinguishing obligation of a fiduciary is the
obligation of loyalty. The principal is entitled to the single-minded loyalty
of his fiduciary. This core liability has several facets. A fiduciary must act
in good faith; he must not make a profit out of his trust; he must not place
himself in a position where his duty and his interest may conflict; he may not
act for his own benefit or the benefit of a third person without the informed
consent of his principal. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list, but
it is sufficient to indicate the nature of fiduciary obligations. They are the
defining characteristics of the fiduciary. As Dr. Finn pointed out in his
classic work Fiduciary Obligations (1977), p.2, he is not subject to fiduciary
obligations because he is a fiduciary; it is because he is subject to them
that he is a fiduciary.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

171 There are a few important principles to be extracted from Millett LJ’s
classic judgment. First, as explained by Paul Finn in Fiduciary Obligations
(The Law Book Company, 1977) and cited by Millett LJ in Mothew, a person is
not subject to fiduciary obligations because he is a fiduciary; it is because
he is subject to them that he is a fiduciary. In essence, “the label
‘fiduciary’ is a conclusion which is reached only once it is determined that
particular duties are owed” (see Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and
other appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 (“Tan Yok Koon”) at [193], citing James
Edelman, “When do Fiduciary Duties Arise?” (2010) 126 LQR 302 at 316)
[emphasis added]. This was also the position taken by this court in Tan Yok
Koon (at [205]), where we observed that the reason why express trustees owe
fiduciary duties is not that the fiduciary duties arise from the trustee-
beneficiary relationship per se. Instead, the fiduciary duties arise “from the
voluntary undertaking to the settlor to manage the trust property not for the
trustee’s own benefit but for the benefit of the beneficiaries” [emphasis
added].

172 Second, fiduciary duties are onerous, and the core duty of a fiduciary is
to act with undivided loyalty to the principal or beneficiary (see our
decision in Ho Yew Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and other appeals and other
matters [2018] 2 SLR 333 (“Ho Yew Kong”) at [135]). To put it another way,
“the hallmark of a fiduciary obligation is that the fiduciary is to act in the
interests of person” (Tan Yok Koon at [192]). The other facets of fiduciary
duties listed by Millett LJ in Mothew flow from this fundamental duty of
loyalty. These facets of fiduciary duties have now come to be known as the
“no-profit rule”, which proscribes the fiduciary from making a profit out of
his fiduciary position, and the “no-conflict rule”, which includes two
different aspects that proscribes two different types of conflicts. The first
proscribes the fiduciary from putting himself in a position where his own
interests and his duty to his principal are in conflict (see, for instance, Ho
Yew Kong at [135]; Nordic International Ltd v Morten Innhaug [2017] 3 SLR 957
(“Nordic International”) at [53]). The second prohibits the fiduciary from
acting in a situation where there is a conflict between his duties owed to
more than one principal.

173 Third, fiduciary duties are “voluntarily undertaken”. This means that (Tan
Yok Koon at [194]):

… the fiduciary undertaking is voluntary in the sense that it arises as a
consequence of the fiduciary’s conduct, and is not imposed by law
independently of the fiduciary’s intentions. This is not to state that the
fiduciary must be subjectively willing to undertake those obligations; the
undertaking arises where the fiduciary voluntarily places himself in a
position where the law can objectively impute an intention on his or her part
to undertake those obligations.

[emphasis in original in italics and bold italics]

174 Therefore, fiduciary duties should only be imposed if the characteristic
expectation of undivided loyalty has been either explicitly or implicitly
voluntarily undertaken by the fiduciary, and courts have to scrutinise the
specific facts and context of each case to ascertain whether or not a
fiduciary duty ought to be imposed on the trustee concerned (see Tan Yok Koon
at [210]). This is well-established even in the commercial context. Thus, for
instance, employees are not automatically fiduciaries to their employer, as
care must be taken not to “equate the duty of good faith and loyalty owed by
every employee with a fiduciary obligation” (Nagase Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching
Kai Huat and others [2007] 3 SLR(R) 265 at [28]).

175 There are certain established classes of relationships where there is a
strong but rebuttable presumption that fiduciary duties are owed. These
include the relationship of a trustee-beneficiary, director-company,
solicitor-client, and between partners (see Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd
and others v Yeo Boong Hua and others and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 655
(“Turf Club”) at [43]). It is clear that the categories of fiduciary
relationships are not closed, and fiduciary duties may be owed even if the
relationship between the parties does not fall within one of the established
categories, provided that the circumstances justify the imposition of such
duties (see Turf Club at [43]). The critical point to note here is that all
these established classes of fiduciaries share the commonality that the
fiduciary has “undertaken to act for or on behalf of another in a particular
matter in circumstances which give rise to a relationship of trust and
confidence” (see Turf Club at [42]).

251 The inquiry into whether fiduciary duties have been undertaken is
objective in nature (Tan Yok Koon at [199]). Turf Club Auto provides a helpful
illustration of how the court undertakes such an inquiry. In Turf Club Auto,
the Respondents had entered into a joint venture with another group (“the SAA
Group”) to develop a site in Bukit Timah. While the site was being developed,
the two groups fell into dispute, and litigation ensued. A Consent Order was
entered into between the parties, but further disputes erupted when the
Respondents alleged that the SAA Group had breached the Consent Order. One of
the contested issues which the CA had to consider was whether the SAA Group
owed the Respondents fiduciary duties, and if so, whether the former had
breached these fiduciary duties through its conduct in respect of the Consent
Order. The CA noted (at [42]) that while there was no universal definition for
the term “fiduciary”, there appeared to be “to be growing judicial support for
the view that a fiduciary is “someone who has undertaken to act for or on
behalf of another in a particular matter in circumstances which give rise to a
relationship of trust and confidence”. On an examination of the evidence
available, the CA held that the SAA Group did not owe the Respondents
fiduciary duties. The court explained its reasoning as follows (at [43] –
[45]):

43 While there are settled categories of fiduciary relationships – such as the
relationship of a trustee-beneficiary, director-company, solicitor-client,
between partners – it does not mean that all such relationships are invariably
fiduciary relationships. In these relationships, there is a strong, but
rebuttable, presumption that fiduciary duties are owed. Equally, the
categories of fiduciary relationships are not closed or limited only to the
settled categories. Fiduciary duties may be owed even if the relationship
between the parties is not one of the settled categories, provided that the
circumstances justify the imposition of such duties (see Snell’s Equity at
paras 7-004–7-005). For instance, parties in a joint venture may or may not
share a fiduciary relationship, depending on the circumstances of their
relationship (see John Glower, Commercial Equity – Fiduciary Relationships
(Butterworths, 1995) at paras 3.90–3.96 and Snell’s Equity at para 7-006).
Therefore, contrary to the approaches adopted by the parties (in particular
the Respondents), whether the parties are in a fiduciary relationship depends,
ultimately, on the nature of their relationship and is not simply a question
of whether their relationship can be shoe-horned into one of the settled
categories (eg, a partnership) or into a non-settled category (eg, a joint
venture or quasi-partnership).

44 Even leaving aside the issue that this is a departure from their pleaded
case, the Respondents’ submission that the SAA Group owed them fiduciary
duties as parties in a joint venture which was a quasi-partnership has its
problems. As pointed out by the Appellants, the parties’ relationship was that
of shareholders in joint venture companies. These were two groups of parties,
who were at best acquaintances, who met each other by chance at the SLA’s
office and eventually entered into the joint venture to profit from the
leasing of the site to subtenants through the JV Companies. Their relationship
has always been formal and commercial, as evidenced by the entry into the MOU
governing the joint venture and the eventual incorporation of the two JV
Companies with a clear proportioning of shareholding between the parties. This
was also not a case where the parties had run the two JV Companies as
partners.

45 In short, the parties were not in a relationship of mutual trust and
confidence that would give rise to a legitimate expectation on the
Respondents’ part that the SAA Group would not utilise their position to act
in a way adverse to the Respondents’ interests. It would also be inaccurate to
say that the SAA Group had, by entering into the joint venture, assumed any
responsibility in respect of the conduct of the Respondents’ affairs (though
there may arguably be such a responsibility vis-à-vis the JV Companies in so
far as the member of the SAA Group is a director of the company). Courts will,
and should, be slow in imposing fiduciary obligations on parties to a purely
commercial relationship because it is normally inappropriate to expect a
commercial party to subordinate its own interests to those of another
commercial party. Both the SAA Group and the Respondents were commercial
parties capable of advancing and protecting their own interests. Further, even
if the Respondents had indeed been victim of the SAA Group’s poor or unfair
management of the JV Companies, the correct forum is to bring a minority
oppression suit, as they had sought to do in the Consolidated Suits, or
through a derivative action as shareholders.

  

Applying the law to the facts

252 In the present case, the Plaintiff pointed to the following matters which,
according to them, demonstrated that the 1st Defendant owed it fiduciary
duties: 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Plaintiff’s Closing submissions at para 303.

(a) The 1st Defendant was the Plaintiff’s payment processing agent;

(b) The 1st Defendant had oversight of, received, processed, and had custody
over the Plaintiff’s funds, and therefore had power and control over these
funds;

(c) The 1st Defendant knew and/or ought to have known that the funds it
received were meant to be allocated to and belonged beneficially to the
Plaintiff. In particular, the settlement reports created by the 1st Defendant
indicated that the payments processed under the Peak-Pay, House and House
International 2 MIDs were meant for the Plaintiff;

(d) The Plaintiff had no oversight or control over its funds which were
processed by the 1st Defendant through Feenicia and ConnectApp, and was
therefore reliant on the 1st Defendant to properly account for such funds and
to ensure that they were paid to the Plaintiff in full, subject only to the
deduction of the agreed fees; and

(e) The 1st Defendant collected fees in relation to the payment processing
services it was providing to the Plaintiff.

253 Following the approach articulated by the CA in Turf Club Auto, Tan Yok
Koon and How Weng Fun, I found that it was simply not possible to infer from
the above evidence that the 1st Defendant had “undertaken to act for or on
behalf of” the Plaintiff in the processing of its funds “in circumstances
which [gave] rise to a relationship of trust and confidence”. In the first
place, as seen from [246]–[247] above, the Plaintiff was unable to establish
that the 1st Defendant was its payment processing agent: there was no evidence
that the 1st Defendant was the contracting party to the Payment Processing
Agreement.

254 Further, even assuming for the sake of argument it could be shown that the
Plaintiff had contracted with the 1st Defendant for the provision of payment
processing services, there was nothing in the evidence to suggest that such a
relationship should have been anything more than a contract for the provision
of services by one corporate entity to another – ie, a purely commercial
relationship. Viewed objectively, the factors enumerated above by the
Plaintiff – eg, that the 1st Defendant collected fees for its payment
processing services, that the 1st Defendant received and had oversight of
funds sent for processing, etc – were simply indicative of a contract for the
provision of services by one company to another: on the basis of these
factors, it was not possible to impute to the 1st Defendant an intention to
undertake the onerous obligations of a fiduciary. To use the language employed
by the CA in Turf Club Auto, there was no evidence to show that the Plaintiff
and the 1st Defendant were in a relationship of mutual trust and confidence
that would give rise to a legitimate expectation on the Plaintiff’s part that
the 1st Defendant would not utilise its position to act in a way adverse to
the Plaintiff’s interests. Both were commercial parties capable of advancing
and protecting their own interests. As the CA noted in Turf Club Auto, it is
normally inappropriate to expect a commercial party to subordinate its own
interests to those of another commercial party.

255 The Plaintiff cited to me the case of Apax Global Payment & Technologies
Limited & Another v Morina & Others [2011] EWHC 2983 (Ch) (“Apax”) which they
said was on all fours with the present case. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Plaintiff’s Closing submissions at para 304.

The first claimant in that case was Apax Global Payment and Technologies
Limited (“Apax UK”), which was in liquidation at the time of the proceedings,
but which had previously been part of a group of companies owned or controlled
to a large extent by some of the defendants. The second claimant was Anfield
Group Limited (“Anfield”). The claimants’ case was that Apax UK had been
contractually engaged by Anfield to act as their payment processing agent for
the online betting business conducted by the Sportingbet group through Anfield
in Turkey. The deal went south, and litigation ensued. The claimants alleged
that the defendants had, pursuant to a collective conspiracy, misappropriated
sums totalling about $7m received by Apax UK leaving them unable to account to
Anfield for those sums. One of the questions which the court had to decide was
whether the funds were received and held by Apax UK or any agent for it on
trust for Anfield. Justice David held that they were.

256 However, Justice David’s decision in Apax provided no support for the
Plaintiff’s case on fiduciary duties in the present case. It was not disputed
in Apax that Apax UK and Anfield had contracted directly with each other –
unlike in the present case. What Justice David did was to analyse various
clauses in the agreements: as he explained, the important parts of the
agreements for the purposes of the dispute before him were those terms which
governed the receipt and holding of funds by Apax UK; it was those terms which
would determine whether the funds were received and held by Apax UK or any
agent for it on trust for Anfield or whether they created only a relationship
of creditor and debtor. On an examination of the relevant contractual clauses,
he was satisfied that they created the former type of relationship between the
two entities. He pointed out, for example, that there were clauses which
expressly provided for the segregation of Anfield’s funds, and held that this
contractual requirement for the segregation of funds was “the clearest
evidence that the parties agreed that funds received by or to the order of
Apax UK should be held on trust for Anfield”. In short, therefore, the
decision in Apax was based on the specific facts of that case – which were
very far from the facts of the present case. In the present case, as
highlighted earlier, the Plaintiff was unable to prove that it had contracted
with the 1st Defendant for the provision of payment processing services; and
there was no evidence of any agreement or arrangement whereby the funds
allegedly due to the Plaintiff were to be specifically earmarked as such and
segregated.

257 Having failed to make out its case on breach of fiduciary duties by the
1st Defendant, it followed that the Plaintiff was also unable to establish
that the 2nd Defendant had knowingly assisted the 1st Defendant in its breach
of fiduciary duties.

The Plaintiff’s pleaded allegations as to the 2nd Defendant’s use of the 1st
Defendant “as a vehicle to defraud”

258 It should be noted that vis-à-vis the 2nd Defendant, in addition to their
claims against the 2nd Defendant for knowingly inducing or procuring the 1st
Defendant’s breach of contract and/or knowingly assisting the 1st Defendant’s
breach of fiduciary duties, the Plaintiff also pleaded that he was the “sole
owner” of the 1st Defendant as well as being “one of its directors, its Chief
Executive Officer, and its Managing Director”; and that he had “utilised the
1st Defendant as a vehicle to defraud and dishonestly misappropriate and/or
divert away monies belonging to the Plaintiff”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 19 and 21.

259 It was not clear from the above statements what exactly the Plaintiff were
alleging as against the 2nd Defendant and what they were seeking to achieve in
terms of advancing their case against either Defendant – or both. The language
employed by the Plaintiff seemed to echo in some respects the language
employed by the plaintiff in the case of Mohamed Shiyam v Tuff Offshore
Engineering Services Pte Ltd [2021] 5 SLR 188 (“Mohamed Shiyam”, at
[77]–[80]). In that case, the plaintiff alleged (inter alia) that the
defendant company had been used by individuals who were at various times
directors and shareholders of the defendant, for the improper purpose of
defrauding creditors – the fraud being that the proposed defendants interposed
the defendant to incur liabilities yet with the intention that it would not be
able to repay creditors, and instead the funds would be diverted to
themselves. It should be pointed out, however, that in Mohamed Shiyam, this
allegation was made in the context of an application by the plaintiff to amend
his statement of claim: the plaintiff wanted the defendant company’s corporate
veil to be pierced, so that the proposed defendants could be made jointly and
severally liable with it for the plaintiff’s claims. This did not appear to be
the Plaintiff’s objective in pleading the matters stated in [19] and [21] of
its amended statement of claim. Regrettably, the Plaintiff’s closing
submissions shed no further light on this issue: not only did the Plaintiff
fail to develop the argument in its submissions, it also failed in any event
to identify the evidence which would support its allegation about the 2nd
Defendant utilising the 1st Defendant as a vehicle for fraud.

260 For the reasons set out above, I did not find that the matters pleaded in
[19] and [21] of the amended statement of claim added anything to the
Plaintiff’s case.

261 In the interests of completeness, I add that although the Plaintiff
pleaded in its amended statement of claim that the 2nd Defendant “was the
alter ego of the 1st Defendant”, it did not elaborate in its closing
submissions on how this allegation was made out. In particular, the Plaintiff
failed to point to any evidence which showed that the 2nd Defendant was either
carrying on the business of the 1st Defendant or that he made no distinction
between himself and the 1st Defendant (Mohamed Shiyam at [76]; Sun Electric
Pte Ltd v Menvra Solutions Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 264 at [141]–[147], affirmed on
appeal in Sun Electric Pte Ltd and another v Menrva Solutions Pte Ltd and
another [2019] SGCA 51 at [9]).

The Plaintiff’s other alternative claims

The Plaintiff’s case on constructive trust

262 I next address the Plaintiff’s other submissions, beginning with its
alternative claim of a constructive trust. The Plaintiff claimed that the 1st
Defendant had received the payments processed through the PeakPay MID, House
MID and IPTV MID “with full knowledge that such payments were meant to be
allocated to and/or belong beneficially to [the Plaintiff] (subject to the
deduction of processing fees and charges), and that the Defendants having
failed to account for or pay over these funds (collectively termed “the Trust
Monies” in the amended statement of claim), the Plaintiff is entitled to a
declaration that the Defendants held and continue to hold all such payments
“on constructive trust” for the Plaintiff.

263 The Plaintiff advanced two arguments as to why a constructive trust should
be imposed. First, it was argued that the Defendants had misappropriated
and/or diverted funds which they knew rightfully belonged to the Plaintiff.
Second, it was argued that in (allegedly) misapplying the funds, the 1st
Defendant had breached fiduciary duties which it owed to the Plaintiff.

264 In respect of the second argument, while a constructive trust may be
imposed over assets where there is a breach of fiduciary duties (see Alvin
See, Yip Man and Goh Yihan, Property and Trust Law in Singapore (Wolters
Kluwer, 2019) (“Property and Trust Law in Singapore”) at p 400), I have found
in this case (at [250] – [257]) that the Plaintiff was unable to prove the 1st
Defendant owed it fiduciary duties. The Plaintiff’s claim of a constructive
trust on this basis must therefore fail.

The Plaintiff’s submissions for a constructive trust on the basis that the
Defendants had misappropriated and/or diverted funds

(1) The law

265 In respect of the first argument, the Plaintiff cited the CA’s decision in
Yuanta Asset Management International Ltd and another v Telemedia Pacific
Group Ltd and another and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 21 (“Yuanta”). In
Yuanta, a company “TPG” and its director, Mr Hartanto, were the plaintiffs,
while another company “Yuanta” and its sole director, Mr Yeh Mao-Yuan, were
the defendants. TPG and Yuanta entered into a joint venture. “AEM” was
incorporated as the joint venture company. The joint venture was structured to
leverage on the plaintiffs’ stock of shares in “NexGen” on the one hand, and
the defendants’ credit rating and reputation on the other hand, to obtain loan
facilities for AEM. TPG agreed to transfer its NexGen shares to Yuanta as
collateral for loans, and did in fact proceed to transferred 825 million
NexGen shares to a designated account in Yuanta’s name (“Yuanta Account”).
Without the plaintiffs’ knowledge, Mr Yeh procured the transfer of an
additional 225 million NexGen shares (“October 225 million shares”) from TPG’s
account to an account of Yuanta’s subsidiary, “Fullerton”. The October 225
million shares were sold by Fullerton (“225 million Sale”), with the sale
proceeds being paid into Fullerton’s account and thereafter transferred mostly
to Mr Yeh and partially to one of his business associates. In the suit below,
the plaintiffs sued the defendants for selling the NexGen shares without
authority and secretly profiting from the sales. On appeal, the CA held (inter
alia) that Mr Yeh had dishonestly misappropriated TPG’s property when he
transferred the October 225 million shares from TPG to Fullerton and retained
the proceeds of their sale. The agreements between the joint venture parties
did not authorise the transfer of shares into Fullerton’s account or grant
Fullerton authority to sell the shares. Since it would be unconscionable for
Mr Yeh, having dishonestly taken and sold the property and pocketed its
proceeds of sale, to assert any beneficial interest in the shares or their
proceeds of sale, a constructive trust arose by operation of law. In so
holding, the CA referred to the following authorities:

113 …Lord Browne-Wilkinson observed in Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v
Islington London Borough Council [1996] AC 669 at 716C:

I agree that the stolen moneys are traceable in equity. But the proprietary
interest which equity is enforcing in such circumstances arises under a
constructive, not a resulting, trust. Although it is difficult to find clear
authority for the proposition, when property is obtained by fraud equity
imposes a constructive trust on the fraudulent recipient: the property is
recoverable and traceable in equity.

On the authority of this case and several Australian cases, Snell’s Equity
(John McGhee QC ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015) (“Snell’s Equity”)
comments at para 26–012:

(b) Fraudulent taking. A distinction must be drawn between fraud consisting in
the outright taking of a person’s property, wholly without his consent, and a
transaction induced by a fraudulent misrepresentation. In the first case, it
has been said that a thief who steals the property of another holds it on
constructive trust for the claimant. The thief’s possessory title is subject
to the claimant’s equitable entitlement to have the property specifically
restored to him so that he holds it as a constructive trustee. …

116 Thus we find that from the time of the dishonest taking of TPG’s property,
Mr Yeh (by his personal involvement from that time in transferring the shares
to Fullerton, as well as through Fullerton’s initial receipt and then through
his own receipt of the sale proceeds) misapplied and/or held TPG’s property on
constructive trust for TPG. Mr Yeh is liable to account to TPG for its
property. In lieu of restoring the shares in specie, Mr Yeh is to pay TPG
substitutive equitable compensation quantified according to the value of the
shares at the time they were removed from the TPG Account.

[emphasis added]

266 In Yuanta, it was clear from the evidence that Mr Yeh had dishonestly
misappropriated TPG’s shares by transferring the shares to the Fullerton
Account, selling them and retaining the sale proceeds for his own benefit. In
the present case, in contrast, the Plaintiff was unable to point to evidence
capable of proving on a balance of probabilities that the Defendants had taken
for themselves monies which were specifically owed and due to the Plaintiff.

(2) The evidence

267 In this respect, the Plaintiff’s various arguments really boiled down to
one key point – that the evidence showed a shortfall in the settlement
proceeds which the Defendants could not account for. First, according to the
Plaintiff, there was an aggregate sum of US$4,846,462.13 which represented the
processing of transactions under the Peak-Pay, House and House International 2
MIDs between September 2019 to January 2020, 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Plaintiff’s Closing submissions at para 195.

and which should have been remitted to the Plaintiff, but instead, the said
sum was missing (the “First Shortfall”). These were funds allegedly received
from Feenicia. The second shortfall which the Plaintiff claimed the Defendants
were unable to account for was an aggregate sum of US$1,579,678.55, which
represented the settlement proceeds from the processing of the Plaintiff’s
transactions under the IPTV/House International 2 (ConectApp) MID between
December 2019 to February 2020 (the “Second Shortfall”). 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Plaintiff’s Closing submissions at para at para 261.

These were funds allegedly received from ConectApp.

268 As a preliminary point, I noted that at several points in its closing
submissions, the Plaintiff appeared to suggest that the burden was on the 1st
Defendant to “prove” that it had “remitted all the funds that it received
which were meant for BHH [the Plaintiff]”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 211.

This was plainly wrong. That “he who asserts must prove” is a “trite” common
law rule which finds statutory expression in ss 103 and 105 of our Evidence
Act: SCT Technologies Pte Ltd v Western Copper Co Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 1471 (“SCT
Technologies”) at [17]. As the claimant alleging misappropriation of its funds
by the 1st Defendant, the Plaintiff bore the legal burden of proving its case,
as well as the corresponding evidential burden of proof. The latter has been
described as “the need of the party to adduce evidence to discharge his legal
burden (or the need of the opposing party to adduce evidence to prevent the
proving party from discharging his legal burden)”: SCT Technologies at [18].
In Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith & Associates Far East, Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855
(“Britestone”), the CA explained (at [60]) how a plaintiff would go about
discharging the legal and the evidential burden of proof:

(A)t the start of the plaintiff’s case, the legal burden of proving the
existence of any relevant fact that the plaintiff must prove and the
evidential burden of adducing some (not inherently incredible) evidence of the
existence of such fact coincide. Upon adduction of that evidence, the
evidential burden shifts to the defendant, as the case may be, to adduce some
evidence in rebuttal. If no evidence in rebuttal is adduced, the court may
conclude from the evidence of the plaintiff that the legal burden is also
discharged and making a finding on the fact against the defendant. If, on the
other hand, evidence in rebuttal is adduced, the evidential burden shifts back
to the plaintiff. If, ultimately, the evidential burden comes to rest on the
defendant, the legal burden of proof of that relevant fact would have been
discharged by the plaintiff. The legal burden of proof – a permanent and
enduring burden – does not shift.

269 In the present case, therefore, it would be wrong to approach the
Plaintiff’s case on constructive trust by starting with a demand that the 1st
Defendant “prove” its remittance of “all the funds that it received which were
meant for [the Plaintiff’)”. The evidential burden on the Plaintiff required
that it be able to adduce some (not inherently incredible) evidence that the
1st Defendant had received the First Shortfall amount of US$4,846,462.13 and
the Second Shortfall amount of US$ 1,579,678.55, and had misappropriated both
amounts.

270 In respect of the First Shortfall, the Plaintiff relied heavily on the
affidavit evidence of Mr Jose Omar Mosco Rojas (“Mr Rojas”), the CEO of
Feenicia. In his affidavits, Mr Rojas purported to give his account of
Feenicia’s dealings with the 1st Defendant, and in particular, the amounts of
the Plaintiff’s funds allegedly remitted to the 1st Defendant. At the outset,
however, it must be highlighted that Mr Rojas did not appear as a witness in
these proceedings, and his affidavits were thus not tested in cross-
examination. This was also true of Ms Alfaro – but as I have pointed out (at
[122] above), Ms Alfaro’s reasons for electing not to testify in the Singapore
proceedings emerged clearly from her evidence in the US deposition: Ms Alfaro
decided not to participate in the Singapore proceedings not because she was
fearful of being cross-examined on her AEIC, but because she had been
subjected to mental and financial strain and angst as a result of the subpoena
and motions filed by the Plaintiff against her in the US, and had become
resentful of the Defendants for their perceived failure to support her,
especially in terms of the legal expenses she had been put to. In Mr Rojas’
case, in contrast, the affidavit filed by the Plaintiff’s US attorney revealed
that after filing two affidavits in these proceedings at the Plaintiff’s
behest, Mr Rojas had suddenly and inexplicably become incommunicado: according
to the US attorney, despite having been apparently cooperative during the
filing of his two affidavits, Mr Rojas had subsequently failed to respond to
all attempts to contact him for the purpose of procuring his attendance at
trial. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Stanley Tan 8th Affidavit at pp 6 – 7.

This must naturally raise some doubt as to the reliability of Mr Rojas’
affidavit evidence: if he had simply told the truth about his company’s
dealings with the 1st Defendant, what reason was there for him to avoid
attending at trial to answer questions about his evidence? Mr Rojas’
unexplained and unexpected failure to attend at trial was all the more
confounding given that there were some odd discrepancies between Mr Rojas’
evidence and the existing documentary evidence. For example, Mr Rojas asserted
in his affidavit of 22 February 2022 that on 18 October 2019, Feenicia had
provided the 1st Defendant with MID 8214643for the latter’s exclusive use –
but this MID was not listed in the MCDP-Feenicia Agreement.

271 For the reasons stated above, I was of the view that very little weight if
any should be accorded to Mr Rojas’ affidavit evidence.

272 In any event, it appeared to me that the Plaintiff had either misquoted
parts of Mr Rojas’ affidavits or had made unwarranted assumptions (or both).
It should be noted, in the first place, that the Defendants denied having
received the amounts claimed by the Plaintiff; and as such, the onus was on
the Plaintiff to prove receipt by the 1st Defendant of the disputed sum. The
Plaintiff stated in its closing submissions that the 1st Defendant had
“received an aggregate sum of US$18,423,937-01 from Feenicia, far in excess of
the amount of US$4,846,462.13 owed by MCDP [the 1st Defendant] to BHH [the
Plaintiff]”; and that Mr Rojas had “confirmed that Feenicia remitted the full
amount of settlements payable to MCDP [the 1st Defendant] in respect of the
three BHH MIDs”. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 210.

However, an examination of Mr Rojas’s affidavit of 22 February 2022 revealed
that what he actually said was that he could “confirm that Feenicia has, in
respect of the payments processed under MID 7996920, MID 7996997 and MID
8214643, transferred all net settlement proceeds to MCDP”: Mr Rojas did not
use the words “full amount of settlements payable to MCDP”, nor did he state
that the amount transferred was US$4,846,462.13. In the absence of
clarification from Mr Rojas, there was no basis for me to assume that the “net
settlement proceeds” he referred to comprised the US$4,846,462.13 that the
Plaintiff was claiming.

273 Moreover, although the Plaintiff argued that the total sum of fund
transfers from Feenicia exceeded the US$4,846,462.13 allegedly due to it from
the 1st Defendant and that this must mean the latter had received “the full
amount of settlements” due to the Plaintiff, this was pure supposition. In
fact, as the Defendants pointed out, it was never disputed that the 1st
Defendant processed transactions for other customers with Feenicia and that
Feenicia would also have remitted funds for those other customers to the 1st
Defendant. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions at para 101.

274 The Plaintiff relied on the rolling reserve report of 27 February 2020 in
contending that the 1st Defendant “ought to have” remitted to it a rolling
reserve of US$595,923.19 for the Peak Pay, House and House International MIDs
from the period 27 February 2020 to 16 July 2020. In fact, there was actually
nothing in the rolling reserve report per se which proved that this amount had
been received by the 1st Defendant, in respect of the specified MIDs, for
payment to the Plaintiff.

275 The Plaintiff also contended that the 1st Defendant and/or the 2nd
Defendant had received three different amounts transferred by Feenicia on 13
April 2020, 11 June 2020 and 9 July 2020; and that these funds must have
included the rolling reserve amount of US$595,923.19 allegedly due to the
Plaintiff from the above-mentioned MIDs. This contention was based on Mr
Rojas’ statement in his affidavit of 22 February 2022 that the payments
“substantially comprised the Rolling Reserves retained in respect of [the
three BHH MIDs]”. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at paras 222 – 223.

The three payments were made up of an amount of MXN 12,350,876.14 paid by
Feenicia to an account held by the 1st Defendant with First Finance
International Bank (“FFIB”) on 13 April 2020; an amount of MXN 18,801,562.87
paid by Feenicia to a JP Morgan Chase London UK Bank account ending with
“2077” on 11 June 2020; and an amount of MXN 9,599,218.57 paid by Feenicia to
the same JP Morgan Chase London UK Bank account 9 July 2020. The Plaintiff
claimed that the JP Morgan Chase London UK Bank account was the 2nd
Defendant’s “personal” bank account; the 2nd Defendant denied it. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 222.

276 For the reasons stated in [270] above, I was disinclined to place any
weight on Mr Rojas’ untested affidavit evidence. There was no objective
evidence to support Mr Rojas’ allegation that the payments made by Feenicia to
the 1st Defendant “substantially comprised” the rolling reserve of
US$595,923.19 allegedly due to the Plaintiff for the Peak Pay, House and House
International MIDs from the period 27 February 2020 to 16 July 2020. Moreover,
the 2nd Defendant was able to provide in his AEIC an account of events which
appeared to me to be reasonably cogent and which he maintained under cross-
examination.

277 I have alluded to the 2nd Defendant’s explanation earlier (at [39]–[40]).
To recapitulate in greater detail: in respect of the funds transferred to the
1st Defendant’s FFIB account on 13 April 2020 (“the FFIB Funds”), the 2nd
Defendant stated that in April 2020, Feenicia had been obliged to release to
the 1st Defendant the rolling reserves in respect of the transactions
processed for the 1st Defendant’s clients (not the Plaintiff). However,
because the 1st Defendant was still required to remit processed funds to its
customers in USD, this meant that it was at risk of incurring a significant
currency exchange loss when remitting these funds to its customers in USD.
Around the time the funds were to be transferred to the 1st Defendant for
remittance to clients, there was a devaluation of MXN against USD. To mitigate
against the currency exchange loss, the 1st Defendant considered various ways
in which it could hedge against the devaluation of the MXN and avoid suffering
an exchange loss. The best solution appeared to be for the 1st Defendant to
take out a loan in USD to remit to its customers, using the MXN funds it had
received from Feenicia as collateral, and to use the MXN funds to repay the
USD loan once the MXN had regained in value. This led to the 1st Defendant
looking for an institution which would be able to grant it a USD loan using
the MXN funds as collateral. FFIB informed the 1st Defendant that it would be
able to grant such a loan, but after the funds were transferred to the FFIB
account, this failed to materialise. MCDP then looked for another solution.
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (Morgan Stanley), with whom the 2nd Defendant
had an account with at the time (Morgan Stanley Account), said that it would
be able to provide the 1st Defendant such a loan. The 1st Defendant thus
instructed FFIB to transfer the MXN funds to Morgan Stanley’s omnibus account
for MXN held with JP Morgan Chase London, UK. An omnibus account, according to
the 2nd Defendant, is an account maintained by a bank at an authorised central
counterparty for more than one client of the bank. The 2nd Defendant asserted
that he did not own the JP Morgan Chase London, UK account, and that the
beneficiary of the JP Morgan Account is Morgan Stanley.

278 Unfortunately for the Defendants, FFIB did not transfer the funds as
instructed, and instead froze the 1st Defendant’s FFIB Accounts and Funds,
claiming that it had received information which required it to carry out an
investigation. Since the 1st Defendant could no longer use FFIB to receive
MXN, the 1st Defendant directed Feenicia to transfer the funds to be paid
pursuant to a document titled “Private Letter of Debt Cancellation” (which I
deal with in the next paragraph) to Morgan Stanley. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Michael Carbonara AEIC at para 66, Exh MC-25.

This was to allow the 1st Defendant to obtain a USD loan using the MXN as
collateral, thereby converting the MXN to USD and thereafter paying the
clients for whom the funds had been earmarked. To this end, the transaction
information provided to Feenicia was the same as that previously provided to
FFIB: ie, that the funds were to be transferred to the JP Morgan Chase London
UK account, which was Morgan Stanley’s omnibus account for MXN.

279 In respect of the payments from Feenicia to the 1st Defendant of MXN
18,801,562.87 and MXN 9,599,218.57 on 11 June 2020 and 9 July 2020
respectively, the 2nd Defendant explained in his affidavit that these formed
part of the total amount which Feenicia had agreed to pay the 1st Defendant
pursuant to the “Private Letter of Debt Cancellation”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Michael Carbonara AEIC at para 66, Exh MC-25.

In gist, according to the 2nd Defendant, this “Private Letter of Debt
Cancellation” was an agreement entered into between the 1st Defendant and
Feenicia to settle a dispute between them over funds totalling MXN
60,994,338.80 which Feenicia had withheld from the 1st Defendant. Pursuant to
the letter, Feenicia was to pay to the 1st Defendant a total sum of MXN
38,000,000 in full and final settlement of all debts owed to the latter; and
it was in accordance with this agreement that Feenicia made the payments of
MXN 18,801,562.87 and MXN 9,599,218.57 on 11 June 2020 and 9 July 2020
respectively. It should be pointed out that in his affidavit of 22 February
2022, Mr Rojas too stated that these two payments were made pursuant to the
settlement agreement found in the “Private Letter of Debt Cancellation”. Where
the two men parted ways was on the issue of whether the amounts paid by
Feenicia to the 1st Defendant pursuant to their settlement agreement included
amounts which were due to be paid to the Plaintiff. The 2nd Defendant’s
evidence was that the funds which Feenicia had withheld from the 1st Defendant
– thereby leading to the dispute which was settled via the “Private Letter of
Debt Cancellation” – were “amounts due and payable from Feenicia to MCDP
pursuant to transactions which Feenicia had processed for MCDP’s other
customers (for the avoidance of doubt, BHHI was not one of these customers)”.
170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Michael Carbonara AEIC at para 65.

Mr Rojas, on the other hand, alleged in his 22 February 2022 affidavit that
“the MXN 60,994,338.60 of funds that were held back by Feenicia, of which MXN
28,400,781.44 has since been paid… included Rolling Reserves retained in
respect of MID 7996920, MID 7996997 and MID 8214643”. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Jose Omar Mosco Rojas AEIC at para 17.

280 As I have noted, the 2nd Defendant’s version of events appeared to me to
be reasonably cogent. There was moreover some support for it in the
documentary evidence. Thus, for example, in the letter from Feenicia dated 11
June 2020 to Accendo Banco S.A. IBM (11 June Letter) which reflected
Feenicia’s payment of MXN 18,801,562.37 to the JP Morgan Chase London UK
account, the beneficiary’s name was stated to be “Morgan Stanley Smith Barney
LLC”. This lent credence to the 2nd Defendant’s evidence that the JP Morgan
Chase London UK account was the omnibus account for MXN held by Morgan Stanley
with JP Morgan Chase London UK – and not the 2nd Defendant’s “personal”
account as the Plaintiff claimed. If the account had in fact been the 2nd
Defendant’s “personal” account, it would not have made sense for the
beneficiary’s name to be reflected in Feenicia’s letter as “Morgan Stanley
Smith Barney LLC”. As for the further notation “Bank to Bank Information:
Further Credit: Michael A. Carbonara 896-010340-010”, this has been explained
by the 2nd Defendant: he stated that Morgan Stanley had told him to include
this in the transfer description so that it would know the incoming transfer
was intended for the purposes of obtaining the USD loan which he had
requested. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Michael Carbonara AEIC at para 67.

281 As I noted earlier, the 2nd Defendant’s evidence was that the funds
transferred by Feenicia did not include a rolling reserve amount of
US$595,923.19 due to the Plaintiff for the three Feenicia-related MIDs from
the period 27 February 2020 to 16 July 2020. The Plaintiff claimed that they
included this amount – but the only evidence which the Plaintiff pointed to in
support of its claim was the affidavit evidence of Mr Rojas; and as
highlighted earlier, for the reasons stated at [270], I was not inclined to
give any weight to the bare assertions made in Mr Rojas’ affidavit.

282 In respect of the Second Shortfall, similarly, it appeared that the
Plaintiff had no real evidence of the 1st Defendant having received the amount
of US$1,579,678.55, from ConnectApp – much less, misappropriated this amount.
For one, although the Plaintiff claimed that this amount had been received by
the 1st Defendant from ConnectApp between December 2019 to February 2020, this
was contradicted by the contemporaneous documentary evidence. As I noted
earlier (at [212] above), in Ms Alfaro’s email to Mr Berger on 27 January 2020
wherein she had enclosed the “ConnectApp weekly settlement report”, 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

5ABOD p 486.

Ms Alfaro had expressly referred to “instructions” given by Mr Berger to the
effect that the settlement funds for a particular week would not be remitted
from the 1st Defendant’s accounts as funds had not been received to any of the
1st Defendant’s accounts. This email from Ms Alfaro followed a message via the
Telegram app from Mr Berger to the Plaintiff’s Ms Meza on 13 January 2020, 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

5ABOD p 436.

in which Mr Berger had informed Ms Meza that funds for transactions processed
through the IPTV MID would be settled through another settlement facility. The
Plaintiff’s own evidence showed that by mid-January 2020, it was receiving
funds from an entity named Pharos Payments SA DE CV. (“Pharos”). 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Meza AEIC at p 260.

Both the Defendants denied any connection to Pharos; and no evidence has been
produced by the Plaintiff to refute this.

283 The above evidence would appear to show, therefore, that since January
2020, the 1st Defendant had not been in receipt of funds from ConnectApp,
pursuant to instructions given by Mr Berger for such funds to be settled
through another settlement facility – apparently Pharos.

284 Insofar as ConnectApp was concerned, it should also be added that the 2nd
Defendant gave evidence at trial that the 1st Defendant had not entered into
any agreement with ConnectApp. The 2nd Defendant stated that his signature on
the agreement allegedly executed between the 1st Defendant and ConnectApp on 4
November 2019 had been forged. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Transcript dated 29 April 2022 at p 4 ln 1 – ln 15.

Not surprisingly, the Plaintiff disputed his evidence: the Plaintiff sought to
show that the electronic signature on the ConnectApp agreement of 4 November
2019 was similar to the signature on another agreement referred to as the
“Polasoft agreement signed for MC” and that an email from Ms Alfaro to the 2nd
Defendant on 9 January 2020 suggested that she had been authorised by the
latter to affix his electronic signature on the “Polasoft agreement”. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 244.

Regrettably, however, Ms Alfaro’s email of 9 January 2020 was never put to Mr
Carbonara in cross-examination, which meant that he was deprived of the
opportunity to provide any explanation that he might have had for the email
and to respond to the Plaintiff’s interpretation of its implications. In the
circumstances, I was disinclined to give any weight to the said email. In any
event, I noted that in the course of her US deposition, 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions at para 117.

when asked if she had ever seen any contract “as between MCDP [the 1st
Defendant] and ConnectApp”, Ms Alfaro’s answer was: 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

6ABAEIC at p 744.

Not really. It wasn't, like, my job to do that.

285 In fact, the questions asked of Ms Alfaro and the responses she gave just
prior to the above answer were even more telling: 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

6ABAEIC at p 742 – 744.

Q: We spoke about last time the Conectapp MIDs. Does this refresh your
recollection that the Conectapp MIDs was actually applied for and obtained by
MCDP? And let me scroll --

A: The Conectapp was -- I'm sorry?

Q: Go ahead, please.

A: So what I remember was, like, the Conectapp was for Daniel Berger.

Q: And is that something you were told by Mr. Carbonara?

A: By Daniel.

Q: Okay. And did you ever see any documentation as it pertained to a agreement
or a contract between Daniel Berger and Conectapp?

A: So they -- they have Daniel as the main contact.

Q: Okay. And as --

A: They always, like -- it was always, like, for him to handle that.

…….

Q: As you sit here right now, can you recall ever seeing any sort of contract
between Daniel Berger and Conectapp?

A: No but he always, like -- he always, like, handled those contracts, so it
wasn't, like, my place to ask.

Q: Did you ever see any sort of contract as between MCC Code and Conectapp?

A: No.

Q: Did you ever see any contract as between MCDP and Conectapp?

A: Not really. It wasn't, like, my job to do that.

286 As pointed out earlier, Mr Berger had – in his Telegram message to the
Plaintiff’s Ms Meza on 13 January 2020 – informed her that funds received by
ConnectApp in respect of transactions processed through the IPTV MID would be
settled through another settlement facility; and Ms Alfaro’s subsequent email
to Mr Berger on 27 January 2020 confirmed that he had given instructions that
funds would not be “settled from MCDP Phoenix [the 1st Defendant] since funds
were not received to any account under MCDP Phoenix”. The evidence of these
contemporaneous communications, taken together with the evidence given by Ms
Alfaro in her US depositions, supported the Defendants’ contention that it was
Mr Berger – and not the 1st Defendant – who had engaged ConnectApp. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions at paras 114 – 118.

(3) My findings

287 To sum up: the Plaintiff was unable to muster the evidence to prove that
the Defendants had taken for themselves monies which were specifically owed
and due to the Plaintiff. As such, it was unable to establish its claim for a
declaration that the Defendants held the monies on a constructive trust.

The Plaintiff’s case on unlawful means conspiracy

288 The second alternative claim advanced by the Plaintiff was that of unlaw
means conspiracy: the Defendants were alleged to have “wrongfully, and with
intent to injure the Plaintiff by unlawful means, conspired and combined
together to misappropriate the Trust Monies and to defraud the Plaintiff and
to conceal such fraud from the Plaintiff”. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 24.

289 As set out in the CA’s judgment in EFT Holdings, Inc and another v
Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 (at [112]),
the elements of a claim for conspiracy by unlawful means are as follows:

(a) there was a combination of two or more persons to do certain acts;

(b) the alleged conspirators had the intention to cause damage or injury to
the plaintiff by those acts;

(c) the acts were unlawful;

(d) the acts were performed in furtherance of the agreement; and

(e) the plaintiff suffered loss as a result of the conspiracy (Nagase
Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat [2008] 1 SLR(R) 80 at [23]; Tjong Very
Sumito v Chan Sing En [2012] SGHC 125 at [186]).

290 In the present case, the unlawful act which the Plaintiff relied on for
its claim of unlawful means conspiracy in this case was the alleged
misappropriation of its funds by the Defendants. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Plaintiff Closing submissions at para 320.

However, for the reasons set out above (at [267] – [287]), I found that the
Plaintiff was unable to prove the misappropriation of their funds by the
Defendants. The Plaintiff’s claim of an unlawful means conspiracy was
therefore also fatally undermined by the same lack of evidence of the alleged
unlawful act.

The Plaintiff’s case on unlawful means conspiracy

291 The third alternative claim advanced by the Plaintiff was that of
fraudulent misrepresentation: the Plaintiff claimed that the Defendants had
defrauded it by falsely representing that the 1st Defendant would provide
payment processing services to them in accordance with the Payment Processing
Agreement. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 25.

292 To establish fraudulent misrepresentation, the Plaintiff had to prove the
following five elements (Yong Khong Yoong Mark and others v Ting Choon Meng
and another [2021] SGHC 246 at [90] citing Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee
Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [14]):

(a) That a false representation of fact was made by words or conduct by the
representor;

(b) That the representation was made with the intention that it should be
acted upon by the representee (ie, the Plaintiff);

(c) That the Plaintiff acted upon the false statement;

(d) That the Plaintiff suffered damage by so doing; and

(e) That the representation was made with the knowledge that it was false,
that it was wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine
belief that it was true.

293 Notwithstanding the fact that fraudulent misrepresentation was pleaded in
the amended statement of claim, the Plaintiff appeared to abandon it as an
alternative cause of action in its closing submissions: no attempt was made to
elaborate on its pleaded claim of fraudulent misrepresentation in the closing
submissions. In any event, for the reasons set out at [197] to [199], I found
that there was no evidence of the 1st Defendant having represented to the
Plaintiff that it would be the entity providing provide services in accordance
with the Payment Processing Agreement.

The Plaintiff’s case on unjust enrichment

294 Finally, in its amended reply, the Plaintiff also pleaded unjust
enrichment. The Plaintiff pleaded that the Defendants had “benefited and/or
been enriched as a result of the misappropriation and/or diversion of the
Trust Monies and/or any benefits accruing thereon”; that the said “benefits
and/or enrichment was at the expense of the Plaintiff”; and that the said
“benefits and/or enrichment was unjust” because the “misappropriation and/or
diversion of the Trust Monies were conducted without the consent of the
Plaintiff, there has been a total failure of consideration by the Defendants
in respect of the Trust Monies, and/or the 1st and/or 2nd Defendants knew that
the Trust Monies rightfully belonged to the Plaintiff”. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Reply (Amendment No. 4) at para 12AAAA.

295 In its recent decision in Esben Finance Ltd and others v Wong Hou-Lianq
Neil [2021] 3 SLR 82 (“Esben Finance”), the CA decided (at [240] and [251(a)])
that there was in principle no reason why lack of consent ought not to be
recognised as an unjust factor because to hold otherwise would result in
defendants who have received stolen property or value benefitting from a
windfall”. At the same time, the CA held that “the recognition of lack of
consent as an unjust factor cannot be blanket and uncircumscribed because to
do so would result in unacceptable encroachments on other areas of law,
denuding them of their legal significance” (at [251(b)]). In particular, the
court highlighted that there was a “need to prevent unjust enrichment from
encroaching on or making otiose established areas of the law or denuding them
of much of their legal significance” (at [251(c)]). The court held,
accordingly, that “an unjust enrichment action on the basis of the unjust
factor of lack of consent would generally not be available… where the claimant
has any other available cause of action for recovery of the property or value
in question under established areas of law” (at [251(c)]). Examples of the
“established areas of law” which the court had in mind included “the law of
agency, the law of property or the principles of equity” (at [242]).

296 As an illustration of how the restriction on the availability of unjust
enrichment actions should work: in Esben Finance, the CA had to consider inter
alia whether the appellants’ claim of unjust enrichment vis-à-vis 14 payments
made from their bank accounts to the respondent’s personal bank account should
be allowed. The CA agreed with the first-instance judge’s finding that the 14
payments had been made without valid basis and could not have been actually
authorized; nor was there any evidence of the appellants having made any
representations to the effect that the payments were authorized (and thus the
question of ostensible authority did not arise). In the circumstances, the CA
concluded that the appellants retained property to the monies transferred by
the 14 payments, and that there was nothing in the evidence to suggest that
these monies could not be traced by the appellants directly into the
respondent’s bank account. The CA found, accordingly, that the appellants had
a proprietary claim against the respondent for the sums transferred by the 14
payments – although this had not been pleaded. In the CA’s view, this was a
case of “hard-nosed property rights” which “should not be interfered with by
recognising an unjust enrichment claim on the same facts” (Esben Finance at
[253], emphasis added). The appellants’ appeal against the first-instance
judge’s decision to dismiss their claim in unjust enrichment for the 14
payments was therefore dismissed.

297 In light of the CA’s decision in Esben Finance, I agreed with the
Defendants that given the multiple causes of action pleaded and pursued by the
Plaintiff in this case (breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duties,
constructive trust, unlawful means conspiracy, etc.), an unjust enrichment
action on the basis of the unjust factor of lack of consent should not be
available to the Plaintiff.

298 Even assuming for the sake of argument that the Plaintiff should be able
to avail itself of an unjust enrichment action on the basis of “total failure
of consideration” (which it appeared to plead as a separate unjust factor), it
failed to explain how the alleged “total failure of consideration” was made
out on the facts of this case. As the Defendants pointed out, even assuming
the Plaintiff could prove that the 1st Defendant was the party contracted to
provide payment processing services under the Payment Processing Agreement,
the evidence showed that the Plaintiff had received at least some of the
settlement funds due to it in respect of the PeakPay, House and IPTV MIDs. It
did not appear to be the case, in other words, that the Plaintiff had failed
to receive any part at all of the benefit bargained for under the Payment
Processing Agreement (see eg, the CA’s judgment in Ooi Ching Ling v Just Gems
Inc [2003] 1 SLR(R)14 at [44].

299 In any event, the Plaintiff’s unjust enrichment claim was premised on the
alleged misappropriation by the Defendants of the “Trust Monies” (as defined
in [17] of the amended statement of claim) – but for the reasons set out at
[267] to [287] of these written grounds, I found that the Plaintiff was unable
to prove the allegation of misappropriation by the Defendants.

300 In light of the above reasons, I also dismissed the Plaintiff’s unjust
enrichment claim.

Final observations on the Plaintiff’s case

301 Lastly, in relation to the claim amount of US$2,680,535.21 pleaded by the
Plaintiff, 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 17.

I agreed with the Defendants that this pleaded amount appeared to be based on
hearsay evidence, the accuracy and reliability of which none of the
Plaintiff’s witnesses could vouch for. In putting forward this figure, the
Plaintiff had relied heavily on the affidavit evidence of Ms Ma Dan (“Ms Ma”),
who was said to be a business intelligence analyst from Current Consulting
Ltd. Ms Ma’s affidavit stated that in arriving at her computations, she had
relied on a number of documents (the “Merchant Control Panel Reports”, the
“Authorisation Logs”, the “Feenicia Transaction List” etc). 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at paras 98 – 103.

In the cross-examination of the Plaintiff’s representatives Mr Wahlström and
Ms Meza, it emerged that they were not the ones who had prepared these
documents, nor did they have personal knowledge of the contents of these
documents. In fact, not a single witness was called by the Plaintiff who
attested either to having prepared these documents or to having personal
knowledge of their contents. When Ms Ma was cross-examined, she admitted that
she had no personal knowledge as to who had prepared these documents: she
thought it was a “Ms Tina”, whom she had liaised with – but “Ms Tina” was not
called as a witness. Ms Ma also admitted that she had no personal knowledge as
to the accuracy of the information in these documents. In her own words, she
was merely “checking other people’s homework”.

302 The Plaintiff compounded matters further by shifting to the argument in
closing submissions that the amount owed by the Defendants actually came to
US$2,666,342.72 instead. This was not an amount which had been pleaded by the
Plaintiff, even in the alternative; nor was it an amount which was put to the
2nd Defendant during cross-examination. In the circumstances, I did not think
it was open to the Plaintiff to depart from their pleaded position and to
claim instead the new figure of US$2,666,342.72. I would also add that the
Plaintiff’s belated argument in closing submissions that this new amount was
based on 1st Defendant’s “own documents” was not in any event borne out by the
evidence.

Costs

303 As the Plaintiff did not succeed in making out any of its claims against
the two Defendants, I awarded the Defendants the costs of the proceedings.

304 Having considered parties’ submissions on costs, I fixed the Defendants’
costs of this action at $200,000 (including disbursements which were agreed at
$25,000). In fixing the quantum of costs, I took into account inter alia the
fact that the Defendants had been obliged to deal with a broad range of legal
and evidential issues because of the multiple causes of action pleaded by the
Plaintiff. The Defendants’ task was made the more difficult in some instances
because of the lack of clarity in the Plaintiff’s submissions (which I have
alluded to in the course of these written grounds). At the same time, I also
applied a discount to the costs awarded to the Defendants so as to reflect the
fact that they had been unsuccessful in the fairly involved arguments they
chose to put forward on the defence of illegality under RGA and on ss 5(2) and
5(6) of the CLA.

305 As for the various interlocutory applications for which costs had either
been reserved or ordered to be in the cause, I dealt with them in the manner
recorded in my notes of the hearing on 27 September 2022.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Ong Tun Wei Danny, Yam Wern-Jhien, Teo Jason and Tan Li Jie Stanley (Rajah &
Tann Singapore LLP) for the Plaintiff;

Kirpalani Rakesh Gopal and Oen Weng Yew Timothy (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
1st and 2nd Defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Jan 2023 (17:52 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

