Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Appellate DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC(A) 26

Appellate Division / Civil Appeal No 67 of 2022

Between

| Wee Ewe Seng Patrick John  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| True Yoga Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| True Fitness (STC) Pte Ltd  
(3)| True Fitness Pte Ltd  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Contract — Breach — Breach of employment contract]

[Equity — Fiduciary relationships — Duties — Duty of director to act in the
best interests of the company]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wee Ewe Seng Patrick John

  
v

  

True Yoga Pte Ltd and others

[2023] SGHC(A) 26

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 67 of 2022  
Kannan Ramesh JAD, Aedit Abdullah J, Quentin Loh SJ  
10 February 2023

26 July 2023 Judgment reserved.

Kannan Ramesh JAD (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This appeal concerns the conduct of a director, who also held the position
of the Chief Executive Officer, in relation to two related companies. The
central issue in this case is whether such conduct constituted breach of duty
as the Chief Executive Officer under his contract of employment and fiduciary
duty as a director. Having reviewed the parties’ written and oral submissions,
we dismiss the appeal.

Facts

The parties

2 The appellant, Mr Patrick John Wee Ewe Seng (“Mr Wee”), was until 30 July
2021, a director of the respondents, True Yoga Pte Ltd (“True Yoga”), True
Fitness (STC) Pte Ltd (“True Fitness (STC)”) and True Fitness Pte Ltd (“True
Fitness”), which are Singapore incorporated companies. Until end May 2017, Mr
Wee was also a director of True Group (Thailand) (“TT”) and True Group
(Malaysia) (“TM”), which were companies incorporated in Thailand and Malaysia
respectively. The respondents, TT and TM were subsidiaries of CJ Group Pte Ltd
(the “CJ Group”), and were in turn members therein up until a restructuring
exercise in May 2017 (see [12] and [13] below). The relevant entities in the
CJ Group’s organisational structure prior to the restructuring exercise was as
follows:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 1 The relevant entities in the CJ Group pre-restructuring

3 Mr Wee was the founder and ultimate shareholder of the companies in the CJ
Group. He indirectly owned a stake in the respondents (annotated collectively
as “TS”), TT and TM through his 82.3% interest in the ultimate holding
company, WCJ Holdings Ltd.

4 The CJ Group, through the respondents, TT and TM operated, inter alia,
fitness centres and gymnasiums under the “True” brand.

Background to the dispute

5 Mr Wee was also the Group Chief Executive Officer (the “Group CEO”) of the
CJ Group. By a contract of employment dated 19 March 2008 (the “Employment
Agreement”) issued on the letterhead of the CJ Group, Mr Wee was appointed the
Group CEO for a term of five years from 13 March 2008 (see cll 1.1 and 10).
Although the plain wording of the Employment Agreement referred to Mr Wee as
being “[employed] with the Company [defined earlier in the Employment
Agreement as “CJ Group Pte Ltd”]”, the parties are on common ground that the
counterparty to the Employment Agreement was True Yoga. Consistent with that,
on 31 March 2008, True Yoga issued a letter “to confirm that the terms of [Mr
Wee’s] employment as [Group CEO] with True Yoga Pte Ltd (‘the Company’) [wa]s
as per the terms set out in the [Employment Agreement]”.

6 Significantly, notwithstanding the Employment Agreement carrying the title
“Appointment as Group Chief Executive Officer” and describing Mr Wee’s
appointment as Group CEO, the parties disagree on the breadth of Mr Wee’s
contractual obligations, in particular, whether his duties under the
Employment Agreement extended to TT and TM and if so, to what extent. The
dispute turns on cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement which states as
follows:

1.3 During your employment with the Company, you must:

(a) faithfully and diligently perform such duties as may from time to time be
assigned to you by the Company, whether those duties relate to the business of
the Company or to the business of its related or associated corporations
(together with the Company and the Holding Company, the ‘Group Companies’ or
the ‘Group’) and you shall accept such offices in any Group Company as the
Company may require;

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in italics]

7 Mr Wee contends that his contractual obligation was limited to the affairs
of True Yoga. He was not assigned any duties as regards the affairs of TT and
TM, pursuant to cl 1.3(a). On the other hand, the respondents contend that Mr
Wee’s obligation extended to the affairs of TT and TM as he was assigned the
duty to manage TT and TM’s business and was consequently appointed a director
of both companies, pursuant to cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement. This is
one of the principal issues in the present appeal and raises several sub-
issues which are: (a) whether Mr Wee was assigned the duty to manage TT and TM
pursuant to which he was appointed a director of the companies, as provided in
cl 1.3(a) (see [52]–[60] below); (b) whether such duty included the duty to
manage the closure of TT and TM (see [61]–[72] below); and (c) whether Mr
Wee’s conduct in relation to the closure of TT and TM was in breach of cl
1.3(a) (see [73]–[92] below).

8 Under the Employment Agreement, Mr Wee’s gross salary and guaranteed bonus
was initially collectively $1,120,000 (or $93,333.33 per month). With effect
from 1 June 2012, Mr Wee’s monthly salary was increased to $120,000 (an
increase of $26,666.68). On 1 February 2013, Mr Wee was offered an extension
of the initial five-year term under the Employment Agreement which he
accepted, as a result of which his employment was extended to 12 March 2018.

Events leading up to the restructuring

9 Between late 2016 and early 2017, TT and TM started experiencing serious
cash flow issues to the extent that the question arose as to whether their
businesses were sustainable. By an email dated 24 November 2016, the
respondents’ then-Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) Mr Alvin Chen (“Mr Chen”)
provided Mr Wee with a bleak assessment of TT. He described the company as a
resource-draining “black hole”. This prompted Mr Wee to enter into
negotiations in February and March 2017 with Jatomi Fitness Group and
Evolution Wellness for the collective sale of the business of TT and TM, in
particular the management of the gymnasiums operated by these companies.
However, the negotiations proved unsuccessful. By April 2017, the situation
had reached a point where Mr Wee was compelled to seek legal advice on the
ramifications of TT and TM commencing insolvency proceedings. Mr Wee’s conduct
in these circumstances relates to the claims that have been brought against
him. We discuss this in further detail below (see [74]–[92]).

The restructuring and the constitution of a new group

10 Against this backdrop, a sale and purchase agreement dated 6 May 2017 (the
“SPA”) (see [11] below) was entered into for the acquisition of the
respondents and True Yoga Holdings Ltd, and the “True” brand by Tongfang
Kontafarma Holdings Limited (“Tongfang”). As provided for in cl 8.1(a) of the
SPA, a restructuring of the CJ Group took place on 19 May 2017. This formed
part of the conditions precedent to the completion of the acquisition. As a
result, shares in the respondents held, directly or indirectly, by the CJ
Group were transferred to a new holding company, True Fitness Holdings
(Singapore) Pte Ltd, which was in turn under a new ultimate holding company,
TFKT True Holdings (“TFKT”).

11 The SPA was between Active Gains Universal Ltd (“AGUL”), Fester Global
Limited (BVI) (“Fester”), Tongfang and Mr Wee. Pursuant to cll 2 and 3 of the
SPA, AGUL sold 51% of TFKT’s shareholding to Fester. Further, Active Yield
Investment Limited (“AYIL”) sold 29% of TFKT’s shareholding in True Yoga
Cayman to Fester. Mr Wee was the ultimate beneficial owner of both AGUL and
AYIL, and Fester was wholly owned by Tongfang. Thus, Mr Wee was the effective
vendor and Tongfang the effective buyer. The total consideration payable to
AGUL and AYIL (and therefore Mr Wee) was US$36.72m. Following the fulfilment
of the conditions precedent pursuant to cl 8.1 of the SPA, the acquisition was
completed on 29 May 2017.

12 As a result of the acquisition, the respondents came under the control of a
new majority owner, Tongfang, which held a 54% stake indirectly through Fester
and TFKT. Fester was a wholly owned subsidiary of Tongfang and in turn, owned
54% of TFKT. Mr Wee held the other 46% stake in TFKT through AGUL, which was
wholly owned by Ashmore Global Limited (in which Mr Wee held a 100% stake).
Following the restructuring, the organisational structures of the CJ Group and
the new group under Tongfang as the majority shareholder are set out below.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 2 The new group post-restructuring

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 3 The CJ Group post-restructuring

13 It would be evident from the above that the restructuring did not involve
the transfer of shares in TM or TT to Tongfang. Post-restructuring, TM and TT
remained with the CJ Group, which remained wholly owned by WCJ Holdings Ltd.

Post-restructuring

14 Notably, post-restructuring, Mr Wee did not enter into a new employment
contract with True Yoga or for that matter TFKT, the new holding company, to
reflect the fact that True Yoga became part of a new group. He assumed the
role of the Group CEO of the newly constituted group. However, he remained
employed under the Employment Agreement. On 3 May 2017, prior to the SPA, Mr
Xing Hu (“Mr Hu”), a representative from Anchor Capital, who was involved in
the negotiations on the SPA, wrote an email titled “Executive Team Pay
Allocation” to Mr Wee and Ms Catherine Si Tou (“Ms Si Tou”), a director of
TFKT. In the email, Mr Hu stated that Mr Wee was “willing to cut 2/3 of [his]
existing USD 1.14million annual salary to USD 380,000 … USD$ Patrick 200k
Singapore, 180k TW [ie, Taiwan]”. If this were true, Mr Wee’s monthly salary
would be reduced from $120,000 to about $22,500 per month. Whether Mr Wee
agreed to a reduction in salary as set out in this email is a point of
contention in the present appeal. Mr Wee held the position as Group CEO until
his employment was terminated pursuant to a letter dated 9 May 2018 from TSMP
Law Corporation (“TSMP”) issued on behalf of True Yoga (see [20] below).

15 A shareholders’ agreement (the “SHA”) between Fester, AGUL and TFKT was
executed on 29 May 2017. Mr Wee was not a party to the SHA, but nothing turns
on this. Clause 4.11 of the SHA stated as follows:

The Shareholders further agree to maintain the stability of the key management
team of the Company for so long as Patrick John Wee Ewe Seng shall be the
chief executive officer of the Company and he shall be retained for a term of
three years from the date of this Agreement, provided that Patrick John Wee
Ewe Seng shall not be guilty of any grave misconduct or wilful neglect in the
discharge of his duties as the chief executive officer of the Company [TFKT],
his employment shall be renewed.

16 This provision anticipated Mr Wee being appointed as Chief Executive
Officer of TFKT for three years. However, he was not eventually appointed. As
stated earlier, post-restructuring, he continued to be employed under the
Employment Agreement.

17 On 30 May 2017, shortly after the SHA was executed, Mr Wee resigned as
director of TT and TM. On 9 June 2017, TT ceased operations. A day prior, Mr
Adisak Naruprempree (“Mr Adisak”), the Home Office Director (or the local
Chief Executive Officer of TT) resigned because of the financial uncertainty
surrounding the company. This uncertainty spread to the employees of the
company as a result of which, they did not turn up for work on 9 June 2017.
Consequently, TT issued a notice of closure, along with a list of answers to
potential questions that its members might have arising from the closure.

18 On 10 June 2017, TM also ceased operations. The creditors of True Fitness
World Sdn Bhd (a key subsidiary of TM) filed a winding up petition on 5 June
2017 and interim liquidators were appointed on or about 9 June 2017. On 27
July 2017, TM was ordered to be wound up.

19 It is not disputed that significant negative publicity was generated in the
media in the aftermath of the closure of TT and TM. The respondents assert
that this caused them financial loss.

20 As stated above (at [14]), on 9 May 2018, Mr Wee’s employment as Group CEO
was terminated pursuant to a letter sent from TSMP (on behalf of True Yoga).
The date of the termination of Mr Wee’s employment is not in dispute. Whether
the termination was with or without cause is an issue between parties, and at
the heart of the Counterclaim (see [27] below).

Mr Wee’s management of TT and TM

21 One of the main issues in the present appeal is whether Mr Wee was assigned
duties as regards the affairs of TT and TM and consequently appointed a
director of both companies, pursuant to cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement.
We deal with this below (see [52]–[60]). Regardless of whether Mr Wee was
specifically assigned the duty to manage the affairs of TT pursuant to cl
1.3(a), it is apparent that at all material times he was in fact managing the
affairs of TT and TM and was aware of the dire financial position of both
companies (see [74]–[83] below).

22 Mr Wee’s conduct as regards the affairs of TT and TM forms the basis of the
respondents’ claims (see [26] below). The respondents rely on the following
aspects of his conduct (see [23]–[24] below).

TM

23 As regards TM, the following assertions are made. First, despite TM’s
financial position and its uncertain future, Mr Wee authorised the sale of
long-term membership and training packages in May 2017. A total of 43 long-
term membership packages were sold. Second, between November 2016 and May
2017, Mr Wee promoted and authorised the sale of pre-launch membership
packages for a new club that was planned in Plaza Damas. However, beyond the
execution of the lease and payment of a deposit on 8 November 2016, no steps
were taken to operationalise the club. Third, Mr Wee misled the members of TM
by stating in a notice on 5 May 2017 (the “Subang Notice”) that its Subang
outlet would be closed for renovations for three months from 10 May 2017, when
in fact it was closed because the Court bailiff needed to take inventory
pursuant to a writ of seizure and sale for rental arrears. Fourth, despite
notifying the members of TM that a working arrangement was in place with
another fitness company, CHI Fitness Sdn Bhd (“CHI Fitness”) for them to use
CHI Fitness’ facilities following the closure of TM, the arrangement was
terminated in January 2018.

TT

24 As regards TT, the following points were made. First, despite TT’s
financial position, Mr Wee permitted the collection of monthly membership fees
in May 2017 and the sale of term membership packages of 12-month, 24-month and
36-month periods from May to early June 2017. Second, Mr Wee permitted the
sale of training packages until early June 2017. Third, the members of TT were
not informed of the closure of TT until the day of closure, and Mr Wee failed
to make alternative arrangements for those members with pre-paid term
membership packages. Fourth, Mr Wee prioritised protecting the insurance pay-
out of $3.25m that had been transferred to the CJ Group from the liquidators
of TT. Fifth, at the end of February 2017, a few months prior to his
resignation as director of TT, Mr Wee appointed Ms Moonjaisai as director of
TT when she had no prior experience in the business.

25 It is apparent that the conduct outlined straddles the restructuring on 19
May 2017 and the completion of the acquisition pursuant to the SPA on 29 May
2017 (see [23]–[24] above).

The suit below

26 On 8 April 2019, the respondents brought the action below against Mr Wee in
HC/S 376/2019 (the “Suit”). In the Suit, the respondents claimed as follows:
(a) Mr Wee breached his Employment Agreement (the “Contractual Claim”); and
(b) Mr Wee breached his fiduciary duty as director of the respondents to act
in their best interests (the “Fiduciary Claim”, collectively with the
Contractual Claim, the “Claims”), relying on the conduct outlined above (at
[23]–[24]).

27 Mr Wee denied the Claims and counterclaimed (the “Counterclaim”) against
True Yoga (ie, the first respondent) for $1.9m. This comprised salaries owed
to him for the period between 1 January 2018 and 9 May 2019, including 12
months’ salary in lieu of notice payable upon termination. Notably, Mr Wee’s
computation of the Counterclaim was based on a monthly salary of $120,000,
which as noted earlier is a matter of dispute (see [14] above). Mr Wee
contended that the Employment Agreement had been extended beyond 12 March 2018
by mutual agreement with True Yoga and that there was no agreement with Mr Hu
to vary his monthly salary as alleged by the respondents. The email of 3 May
2017 sent by Mr Hu merely referred to negotiations to revise Mr Wee’s salary
which did not result in an agreement. Further, Mr Wee argued that he had been
terminated without cause and was therefore entitled to 12 months’ salary in
lieu of notice under cl 11.1 of the Employment Agreement.

28 As regards the Counterclaim, the respondents’ position was that the
Employment Agreement had ended on 12 March 2018 and the monthly salary had
been varied in June 2017 from $120,000 to $22,500 as result of an agreement
between Mr Hu and Mr Wee (see [14] above). The respondents also contended that
Mr Wee’s employment was terminated with cause and True Yoga was therefore not
required to pay 12 months’ salary in lieu of notice pursuant to cl 11.2 of the
Employment Agreement.

The decision below

29 In True Yoga Pte Ltd and others v Wee Ewe Seng Patrick John [2022] SGHC 155
(the “Judgment”), the learned Judge in the General Division of the High Court
(the “Judge”) found that the Claims were made out. He held that: (a) Mr Wee
owed the respondents contractual and fiduciary duties to properly manage the
closure of TT and TM (at [12]); and (b) Mr Wee breached those duties (Judgment
at [31]). The Judge directed that the respondents’ loss and damage be assessed
at a later date (Judgment at [31]).

30 The Judge made the following findings, that: (a) Mr Wee failed to stop the
sale of long-term membership packages by TT and TM when he knew of the
companies’ impending closure; (b) Mr Wee caused TT and TM to close abruptly;
(c) Mr Wee failed to make alternative arrangements for the members of TT and
TM following their closure. The Judge also found that Mr Wee was more
concerned about evading responsibility as a director of TT and TM, rather than
dealing with the consequences of the closure to the employees and members of
both companies (Judgment at [18]–[24]).

31 The Judge did not consider Mr Wee’s resignation as local director of TT in
late May 2017 a breach of contractual or fiduciary duties. Also, the Judge
made no finding on whether Mr Wee deliberately engineered the timing of the
closure of TT in order to avoid a “claw back” of the sum of $3.25m by its
liquidators (see [24] above). However, the Judge observed that Mr Wee’s
conduct in this regard showed that he prioritised his own interests over
addressing the consequences of the closure of TT and TM (Judgment at [23]).

32 The Judge found that the Employment Agreement was impliedly extended beyond
12 March 2018 and Mr Wee continued as the Group CEO after that date (Judgment
at [26]). The Judge reasoned that if Mr Wee’s employment had in fact ended on
12 March 2018, the respondents would have notified their employees that he was
no longer the Group CEO (Judgment at [26]). Further, the Judge found that an
agreement had been reached between True Yoga and Mr Wee to reduce his monthly
salary from $120,000 to $22,500 with effect from June 2017 as asserted by the
respondents (see [14] above). As such, Mr Wee’s entitlement to unpaid salary
for the period from 1 January 2018 to 9 May 2018 was reduced to $62,660.70,
after deducting payments that had been made to Mr Wee in that period (Judgment
at [27]–[29] and [31]). Finally, the Judge held that Mr Wee’s mismanagement of
the closure of TT and TM was sufficient grounds for True Yoga to terminate the
Employment Agreement with cause pursuant to the letter dated 9 May 2018 from
TSMP. Accordingly, Mr Wee was not entitled to 12 months’ salary in lieu of
notice under cl 11.1 of the Employment Agreement (Judgment at [30]).

The appeal

The appellant’s case

33 Mr Wee relies on the following grounds of appeal in relation to the Claims:

(a) The duty to manage the closure of TT and TM was neither stipulated in the
Employment Agreement nor within the scope of Mr Wee’s fiduciary duty as
director of the respondents.

(i) Mr Wee asserts that the duty to manage the closure of TT and TM was not
expressed in the Employment Agreement. Nor was such duty “assigned” by True
Yoga to him pursuant to cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement. The specific
responsibility to manage the closure of TT and TM is distinct from the
responsibility to manage the affairs of TT and TM generally. Further, Mr Wee
claims that his management of the business of TT and TM was carried out in his
capacity as their director and not pursuant to a duty assigned under cl 1.3(a)
of the Employment Agreement. Mr Wee argues that in any event, post-
restructuring, TT and TM ceased to be “related or associated corporations” for
the purpose of cl 1.3(a) as they were part of the group under Tongfang.

(ii) Mr Wee contends that the duty to manage the closure of TT and TM was not
part of his fiduciary duty to the respondents.

(b) Even if the alleged contractual or fiduciary duties were owed by Mr Wee,
the conduct relied upon by the respondents was not a departure from expected
standards, and was in any event commercially explicable. The respondents had
not shown exactly what Mr Wee ought to have done in the circumstances in order
not to have breached the duties. The respondents’ case was not about the
manner of closure, which Mr Wee’s conduct related to. Instead, it was about
the fact of closure which was a result of the actions of others and not Mr
Wee.

(c) If Mr Wee had indeed breached his fiduciary duty, the Court ought to grant
relief under s 391(1) of the Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “Companies
Act”) as he had acted honestly and reasonably as a director of the
respondents. Notably, this is a point that was neither pleaded nor raised
before the Judge.

(d) Mr Wee’s conduct related to TT and TM and therefore the proper plaintiff
rule applied. TT and TM, and not the respondents, were the proper plaintiffs
with standing to bring the Suit.

34 On the Counterclaim, Mr Wee makes the following arguments:

(a) There was no basis to terminate his employment as Group CEO with cause
under cl 11.2 of the Employment Agreement. Further, the termination was not
valid as the letter of termination from TSMP was not issued on True Yoga’s
instructions. This point is not pursued on appeal with the same force as it
was before the Judge.

(b) Mr Wee’s monthly salary was not reduced from $120,000 to $22,500 pursuant
to an agreement as alleged. There were only negotiations between Mr Hu and Mr
Wee on the salary and no agreement was reached. Further, even if an agreement
was reached, True Yoga was not a party to it as Mr Hu had no authority to
represent it. Finally, the respondents’ reliance on the audit confirmation
form is misplaced because Mr Wee had only confirmed the amount True Yoga paid
to him as salary in 2017, and not the amount that was in fact payable.

35 Mr Wee’s final argument is that the respondents failed to prove causation
and loss. Therefore, the Judge should not have ordered damages to be assessed.

The respondents’ case

36 The respondents make the following points on the Claims:

(a) The Judge’s decision did not violate the proper plaintiff rule. Mr Wee’s
argument rests on the incorrect premise that the respondents are claiming for
losses suffered by TT and TM. The respondents are in fact claiming losses
suffered by themselves.

(b) Mr Wee’s argument that he was not assigned the duty to manage the closure
of TT and TM pursuant to cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement is not credible
or logical as Mr Wee accepted that he was managing TT and TM prior to their
closure and in fact managed their closure. Mr Wee’s argument that post-
restructuring, TT and TM were not “related or associated corporations” is a
red-herring because (a) the breaches occurred prior to the restructuring (ie,
19 May 2017); and (b) TT and TM were “associated” corporations even after the
restructuring as inter alia Mr Wee remained a common shareholder of TT, TM and
True Yoga.

(c) It would have been apparent to Mr Wee that mismanaging the closure of TT
and TM would not be in the respondents’ best interests and therefore would
amount to a breach of his fiduciary duty. This was because all the companies
shared and used the “True” brand. Mismanaging the closure of TT and TM would
therefore be detrimental to the respondents’ brand and reputation. Finally, Mr
Wee’s conduct was not commercially explicable.

(d) The respondents’ case relates to the manner and not the fact of the
closure of TT and TM. Further, it cannot be said that the closure was a result
of the conduct of others.

(e) Mr Wee’s contention that the respondents failed to prove causation and
loss is incorrect in fact and in law. The fact of causation and loss was
explained by Ms Reina Lim (“Ms Lim”), the CFO and director of the respondents,
at trial. At the liability stage, the respondents were only required to show a
causal connection between breach and loss. The full extent of loss was a
matter to be addressed during the assessment of damages.

(f) Mr Wee’s reliance on s 391 of the Companies Act was not pleaded, did not
feature in his written or oral opening submissions and appeared for the first
time in his written closing submissions. It therefore ought not to be
considered.

37 On the Counterclaim, the respondents endorse the Judge’s reasons for
concluding that Mr Wee’s monthly salary was revised down to $22,500 with
effect from June 2017 and that the letter of termination by TSMP was
authorised by True Yoga. The respondents contend that Mr Wee’s conduct offered
sufficient basis for termination of his employment as the Group CEO with cause
under cl 11.2 of the Employment Agreement.

Issues to be determined

38 The following issues arise for consideration in the present appeal. On the
Claims:

(a) whether the respondents have standing to bring the Claims;

(b) whether Mr Wee breached the Employment Agreement in the manner in which he
managed the closure of TT and TM;

(c) whether Mr Wee breached his fiduciary duties to the respondents in the
manner in which he managed the closure of TT and TM; and

(d) whether the respondents suffered loss as a result of the breaches.

39 In respect of Issue 2 (at [38(b)] above), we consider the following sub-
issues: (a) whether Mr Wee was assigned the duty to manage the business of TT
and TM and appointed a director of the companies, pursuant to cl 1.3(a) of the
Employment Agreement; (b) if so, whether that duty extended to managing the
closure of TT and TM; and (c) whether Mr Wee’s conduct as regards TT and TM as
outlined above breached the obligation under cl 1.3(a) to “faithfully and
diligently perform” duties assigned to him.

40 On the Counterclaim:

(a) whether Mr Wee’s monthly salary was reduced from $120,000 to $22,500; and

(b) whether the Employment Agreement was terminated with cause.

41 We do not address the issue of the applicability of s 391 of the Companies
Act. We accept the respondents’ submissions in this regard. This is not a
point that was pleaded or canvassed below, and Mr Wee made no application in
the present appeal to amend his pleadings to include this relief. In any
event, even if an application had been made, we would not have been inclined
to allow it as to do so seems to us to be prejudicial to the respondents.

Issue 1: Whether the respondents had standing to bring the Claims

42 We begin by addressing the threshold issue of whether the respondents had
standing to bring the Claims.

43 In the present appeal, Mr Wee argues that the respondents were not the
proper plaintiffs as the alleged conduct of Mr Wee was in respect of TT and
TM, and not the respondents. Conversely, the respondents emphasise that the
Claims are for losses and damages occasioned to them by reason of Mr Wee’s
conduct in managing the closure of TT and TM.

44 There can be no question that True Yoga had standing to bring the
Contractual Claim, which was grounded in the Employment Agreement, if Mr Wee
was assigned duties as regards the affairs of TT and TM pursuant to cl 1.3(a)
of the Employment Agreement (see [6] above). The language of the clause is
clear. We address the question of whether Mr Wee was assigned the duty to
manage the closure of TT and TM under cl 1.3(a) under Issue 2 below (see
[51]–[92]).

45 As to whether the respondents have standing to bring the Fiduciary Claim,
it is clear that the respondents are not suing for losses suffered by those
companies. Rather, the respondents claim for losses suffered by them as a
result of breach of fiduciary duty owed to them by Mr Wee. Mr Wee’s reliance
on the decision in Fu Loong Lithographer Pte Ltd and others v Mok Wing Chong
(Tan Keng Lin and others, third parties) [2018] 4 SLR 645 (“Fu Loong”) is
misplaced. In Fu Loong, unlike here, there was no independent duty owed to the
plaintiffs. There, a group of subsidiary proprietors (“SPs”) sued the chairman
of the management corporation, for causing the management corporation to
undertake items of work, favour certain SPs in its decisions and appoint a
managing agent without authorisation and disclosure of his interest in the
managing agent (at [12]). The court held that the cause of action was based on
a duty owed to the management corporation and not the SPs, and should
therefore be properly pursued by the management corporation (at [76]–[77]).
The court further held that allowing the SPs to pursue a claim on a duty owed
to the management corporation carried the risk of double recovery.

46 The circumstances here are entirely different. The cause of action here is
based on an independent duty owed to the respondents by Mr Wee arising from
the fact that he was their director at the material time. The loss that is
sought to be recovered (ie, reputational loss) is that which was suffered by
the respondents as result of a breach of that duty. Consequently, the
respondents are owed a duty by Mr Wee that is independent of TT and TM and
claim for a loss that they suffered as a result of a breach of that duty which
is independent of any loss suffered by TT and TM.

47 It follows therefore that there is no question of a risk of double
recovery. The losses of the respondents, and TT and TM, are distinct and
separate. In Miao Weiguo v Tendcare Medical Group Holdings Pte Ltd (formerly
known as Tian Jian Hua Xia Medical Group Holdings Pte Ltd) (in judicial
management) and another [2022] 1 SLR 884 (“Tendcare”), the holding company
claimed against a third party for dishonestly assisting its director to
transfer sums of money from its subsidiary to another unrelated company in
breach of his duties. The court held that while the holding company was also a
shareholder of the subsidiary company (which was wound up), the claim was not
for the diminution in the value of its shareholding or its distributions from
the subsidiary (at [207]). The reflective loss principle therefore had no
application (at [207]). Although Tendcare was in relation to the reflective
loss principle, the Court of Appeal observed that the reflective loss
principle is the corollary of the proper plaintiff rule (at [200]). The proper
plaintiff rule is explained as being that the law does not recognise any loss
that is not “separate and distinct from the loss sustained by the company” (at
[153]).

48 Consistent with Tendcare, in OOPA Pte Ltd v Bui Sy Phong [2022] 4 SLR 537
(“OOPA”), the court held that “a breach of duty to another principal does not
negate or limit the first principal’s rights against the defaulting fiduciary”
(at [29]). In OOPA, the director of the holding company was found to be liable
for its conduct in respect of the subsidiary company (at [46]).

49 In the present case, the loss suffered by the respondents is separate and
distinct from the loss sustained by TT and TM and the respondents are the
proper plaintiffs because they are claiming for their loss arising from a
breach of a duty owed to them. This may be distinguished from Goh Chan Peng
and others v Beyonics Technology Ltd and another and another appeal [2017] 2
SLR 592 because the Fiduciary Claim pursued by the respondents is grounded in
legal rights and liabilities separate from those owed to TT and TM (at
[70]–[75]).

50 Thus, the respondents have standing to bring the Suit.

Issue 2: Whether Mr Wee breached the Employment Agreement in the manner in
which he managed the closure of TT and TM

51 We turn next to consider whether Mr Wee breached cl 1.3(a) of the
Employment Agreement in the manner in which he managed the closure of TT and
TM. In addressing this issue, as noted earlier at [39], the following sub-
issues arise: (a) whether Mr Wee was assigned the duty to manage the business
of TT and TM and was consequently appointed director of the companies,
pursuant to cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement; (b) if so, whether the
scope of the duty that was assigned extended to the closure of TT and TM; and
(c) whether Mr Wee’s conduct breached the obligation under cl 1.3(a) to
“faithfully and diligently perform” duties assigned to him. Each of these sub-
issues are dealt with in turn below.

Sub-issue 1: Whether Mr Wee was assigned the duty to manage the business of TT
and TM and was consequently appointed director of the companies pursuant to cl
1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement

52 Central to the issue of the alleged breach of the Employment Agreement by
Mr Wee (ie Contractual Claim) is whether he was assigned the duty to manage
the business of TT and TM and was consequently appointed a director of the
companies, pursuant to cl 1.3(a). This is a question of fact.

53 The parties’ respective positions in the present appeal are set out above
at [7]. Based on the evidence before this court, it is evident that Mr Wee was
assigned the duty to manage the affairs of TT and TM. Indeed, Mr Wee himself
does not dispute that he managed the business of TT and TM. However, he seeks
to draw a line between managing the business as a “local director” of TT and
TM and managing pursuant to a duty assigned under cl 1.3(a) of the Employment
Agreement.

54 We are unable to accept the line that Mr Wee seeks to draw. It seems to us
that it is a line without substance and one that is drawn as a matter of an
afterthought. It is significant that this line is only raised on appeal. It
was not raised before the Judge, which only supports the conclusion that it is
an afterthought. At the close of the trial, the thrust of Mr Wee’s submissions
was in fact that the respondents had not adduced any evidence that he was
assigned “any duties to manage the closure[s] of TM and TT, much less to do so
adequately”. Notably, he did not contend that he was not assigned the duty to
manage the business of TT and TM generally. A closer examination of his
evidence in this regard shows that Mr Wee’s submission on appeal that he only
managed the affairs of TT and TM as a “local director” rings hollow. We point
to several aspects of his evidence.

55 First, in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Mr Wee averred that
he was “the [Group CEO] of the True Group from 19 March 2008 until [his]
purported termination on 9 May 2018”, and provided an exhaustive list of
entities he considered to be part of the “True Group” – this included TT and
TM. When this was pointed out to Mr Wee in cross-examination, Mr Wee took the
position that his use of the “True Group” in his AEIC had been “loose” without
offering an explanation as to exactly what that meant. There was no re-
examination on this issue. It seems to us that the position stated in Mr Wee’s
AEIC reflects the true position on his responsibilities towards the entities
listed therein. It corresponds directly to the description of his role in the
Employment Agreement and duties assigned to him as regards “related or
associated corporations” under cl 1.3(a).

56 Second, Mr Wee was inconsistent in the manner in which he characterised his
involvement in the management of TT and TM after 30 May 2017 (ie, the date he
ceased to be local director of TT and TM) (see [14] above). Under cross-
examination, Mr Wee claimed that he only assisted the other directors of TT
and TM after he stepped down as their director on 30 May 2017. However, such
evidence has to be juxtaposed against his previous concession that he had
managed TT and TM in the months prior to their closures on 9 and 10 June 2017
respectively.

57 Third, contrary to Mr Wee’s characterisation of his role in TT and TM as
being supporting and supplementary in nature, it is clear from correspondence
with the employees that he continued to manage TT and TM even after he
resigned as their director. The correspondence shows quite clearly that Mr Wee
continued to play the role of a decision-maker for TT and TM. As he was no
longer their director after 30 May 2017, the only basis upon which Mr Wee
continued to engage in the affairs of TT and TM must be as Group CEO of the
“True” Group as stated in his AEIC. This points to an assignment of duties
pursuant to cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement. This is underscored by
three documents. First, an email dated 2 June 2017 from Ms Vivien Ho (“Ms
Ho”), Vice-President (Marketing) of the respondents, where Mr Wee’s approval
was sought for the proposed answers to frequently asked questions (“FAQs”)
that were intended for use for media queries arising from the closure of both
companies. The document was titled “ANTICIPATED QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS FOR TRUE
GROUP ANNOUNCEMENTS”. Second, an email dated 7 June 2017 from Mr Nicholas
Kraal (“Mr Kraal”), the Regional Operations Manager of True Yoga at the time,
sought Mr Wee’s approval for the proposed method of issuing potential vouchers
to members online for use of their facilities with CHI Fitness (see [90]
below) following the closure of TM. Third, Mr Adisak’s resignation from TT
(see [17] above) was addressed directly to Mr Wee.

58 There is one final point which undercuts Mr Wee’s argument. As stated above
(at [9]), when Mr Wee was given a bleak assessment of TT and TM’s financial
state, he attempted to sell their business to Jatomi Fitness Group and
Evolution Wellness in February 2017 and March 2017. Given that TT and TM were
part of the CJ Group and Mr Wee was the Group CEO under the Employment
Agreement, such efforts could only have been undertaken by Mr Wee in his
capacity as Group CEO and not as a director of TT and TM.

59 In the final analysis therefore, the evidence is clear that Mr Wee was
managing the affairs of TT and TM in his capacity as the Group CEO. This
speaks to an assignment of duty pursuant to cl 1.3(a). There is good reason to
draw this conclusion as the companies in the CJ Group, pre-restructuring, in
substance belonged to Mr Wee. As the owner and Chief Executive of the CJ
Group, Mr Wee would naturally want to exercise oversight and manage the
affairs of the members of that group. This is consistent with cl 1.3(a) which
clearly provides that Mr Wee would assume such office as True Yoga might
require pursuant to an assignment of duty under cl 1.3(a). Thus, the fact that
Mr Wee was appointed a director of TT and TM is a clear indicium that he was
assigned duties as regards those companies.

60 We are therefore of the view that Mr Wee was assigned the duty to manage
the business of TT and TM and was appointed director as a result, pursuant to
cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement.

Sub-issue 2: If sub-issue 1 is answered in the affirmative, whether the scope
of the duty that was assigned extended to the closure of TT and TM?

61 The next question is the scope of the assigned duty under cl 1.3(a) of the
Employment Agreement, and whether the closure of TT and TM fell within that
duty. This requires consideration of the ambit of cl 1.3(a). Two lines of
inquiry flow from our conclusion that Mr Wee was assigned the duty to manage
the business of TT and TM and appointed a director as result. The first line
is whether the management of the closure of TT and TM was part of the assigned
duty to manage the business of TT and TM. The second is whether the duty
assigned was attenuated or negated as a result of the restructuring (see [12]
and [13] above).

62 We start with the first inquiry – did Mr Wee’s duty to manage the business
of TT and TM include the management of the closure of TT and TM? Mr Wee case
on appeal is that he was not specifically assigned the duty to manage the
closure of TT and TM pursuant to cl 1.3(a). In other words, Mr Wee seeks to
draw a line between the duty to manage the business of TT and TM generally and
the duty to manage their closure specifically, the contention being that the
latter was not assigned even if the former had been. Reliance is placed on the
following words in cl 1.3(a): “faithfully and diligently perform such duties
as may from time to time be assigned to you by the Company” [emphasis added].
Again, we are of the view that this is a line without substance.

63 In our view, Mr Wee draws an artificial line between the general and
specific duty. His argument is disingenuous. It seems to us that the former
must surely encapsulate the latter. The duty to manage the business of TT and
TM must inevitably include the duty to manage their closure if that becomes
necessary or desirable. Thus, the question of a specific assignment of that
duty does not arise. In view of our finding that Mr Wee was assigned the duty
to manage the business of TT and TM (see [60] above), it follows that that
duty would include the responsibility to manage the closure of TT and TM. We
agree with the Judge’s finding in this regard (Judgment at [13]).

64 We turn next to the second inquiry – did the restructuring attenuate or
negate the duties? This question arises because of Mr Wee’s argument that TT
and TM ceased to be “related or associated corporations” of True Yoga
following the restructuring. The argument proceeds on the basis that TT and TM
remained with the CJ Group and the respondents were part of the new group
under Tongfang. Mr Wee argues that the evidence of Mr Tan Kim Kang Sean (“Mr
Tan”), director of TFKT, on the interpretation of the term “related or
associated corporations” was hearsay and further that it was impermissible to
use subsequent conduct to interpret the cl 1.3(a). The respondents contend
that the issue of interpretation is “academic” because the breaches occasioned
by Mr Wee’s conduct occurred prior to the restructuring and there was no
dispute that TT and TM were related to the respondents prior to the
restructuring.

65 It is common ground that TT and TM were “related or associated
corporations” pre-restructuring. The restructuring took True Yoga (and the
other respondents) out of the CJ Group and placed it in a new group structure
(see [12] above). TT and TM remained with the CJ Group. The question is
whether as a result, the duty that was assigned to Mr Wee as regards the
affairs of TT and TM pursuant to cl 1.3(a) ceased to apply because of this.
This turns on the correct interpretation of the phrase “the business of its
related or associated corporations” in cl 1.3(a). Before that, we address the
respondents’ contention that the point is moot.

66 In our view, the point is not moot. It is relevant not least because the
conduct of Mr Wee that the respondents rely upon extends beyond the date of
the restructuring (on 19 May 2017) and the completion of the acquisition under
the SPA (on 29 May 2017). As an illustration, Mr Wee is alleged to have
breached his contractual and fiduciary duties by allowing the continued sale
by TT of term membership and training packages up to June 2017.

67 We now return to the question of interpretation. We are in broad agreement
with the Judge’s interpretation that “related and/or associated corporations”
in the Employment Agreement carries a broader meaning than “related” companies
in s 6 of the Companies Act. The Judge did not accept Mr Wee’s submission that
the phrase ought to be construed as referring only to (a) a holding company;
(b) a subsidiary; or (c) a subsidiary of a holding company in respect of True
Yoga, per s 6 of the Companies Act. This must be correct as not all the
companies within “related and/or associated corporations” in cl 1.3(a) at the
time of the Employment Agreement would have fallen within this definition (see
for example, True Fitness STC (at [2] above)). We believe that the common
thread that connects the companies is not that fact that they were part of the
same group. It is the fact that they share a common brand, the “True” brand.
Being part of the same group was a consequence of the companies being part of
a common brand. They shared, marketed and used that brand. It was this common
thread which connected them and made it relevant, and indeed important, for
True Yoga to assign duties to the Group CEO with regard to the business of TT
and TM and appoint him as their director. It is this ingredient which made
them “related and/or associated corporations”. The common ownership and
corporate linkages arising from being part of the same group only served to
reinforce the fact that the group functioned as one business unit in relation
to the same line of business bearing a common brand.

68 When the Employment Agreement was entered into on 19 March 2008, the
respondents, TT and TM belonged to the CJ Group and operated in the same
business related to the fitness and wellness industry, using the “True” brand.
Clause 1.3(a) was therefore to enable the Group CEO to discharge duties in
relation to True Yoga and its related and associated corporations in the CJ
Group to ensure that the business of the group as a whole was managed
properly. This is consistent with the manner in which the rest of the clause
reads, namely, “and you shall accept such offices in any Group Company as the
Company may require” [emphasis added], which indicates that in addition to
being assigned duties, Mr Wee would assume office in the related and
associated corporations to facilitate the effective discharge of those duties.
This was what happened with regard to TT and TM with Mr Wee being assigned
duties and being appointed director of both companies. It is apparent that the
parties intended this holistic management of the business for the reason that
the entities all shared a common brand. We have already explained above (at
[59]) that as the ultimate shareholder of the companies in the CJ Group, Mr
Wee would have wanted this so that the brand equity of the “True” brand was
not impaired. The restructuring did not impact these considerations (at [67]
above) insofar as TT and TM continued to use the “True” brand. To the extent
TT and TM continued to and was permitted to use the “True” brand following the
restructuring, they were related or associated corporations of True Yoga.
Clause 11.7 of the SPA is important in this regard. We reproduce cl 11.7 of
the SPA below:

Mr. PJW further undertakes to procure the closing down of the fitness related
business operations in Thailand and Malaysia no later than 31 December 2017,
failing which a franchise fee shall be payable by the operating companies
ultimately controlled by Mr. PJW in accordance with the term of the Franchise
Agreement as set out in Schedule 13.

69 It is evident from this clause that after the acquisition, TT and TM and
indeed Mr Wee were granted the liberty to decide whether TT or TM would
shutter the existing business, which involved the “True” brand, by 31 December
2017, or continue operating under the “True” brand pursuant to a franchise
agreement set out in Schedule 13 of the SPA. In other words, between the
completion of the acquisition on 29 May 2017 and 31 December 2017, two
scenarios could play out. TT and TM would either shutter their business or
continue it and use the “True” brand with a view to executing a franchise
agreement after 31 December 2017. In this window period, they were related or
associated corporations of True Yoga because of the permission that was
granted pursuant to cl 11.7 of the SPA to use the “True” brand. In either
scenario, it cannot be said that the duty that Mr Wee was assigned pursuant to
cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement pre-restructuring ceased to apply to him
as the Group CEO post-restructuring. Mr Wee continued to carry the
responsibility to ensure that the “True” brand was not tarnished while he
decided which course to take as regards the affairs of TT and TM in this
window period. It is not at all reasonable to suggest that Mr Wee as the Group
CEO of the new group could act in a manner that would damage the “True” brand
in relation to TT and TM, post-restructuring. Having acquired the “True”
brand, Tongfang and the respondents had a vested interest in ensuring that the
brand remained intact. From Tongfang’s perspective, it was critical to have
the protection that was afforded by cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement. The
last thing they would expect or accept is for Mr Wee, as the Group CEO, to
mismanage the brand equity of the “True” brand as regards the business of TT
and TM in the window period. Indeed, that would go against the grain of the cl
11.7 which assumed the possibility of TT and TM entering into a franchise
agreement after 31 December 2017 if the decision was not to shut them down.

70 The respondents point to the evidence of Mr Tan to the effect that TT and
TM were related and/or associated with the “True” entities in Singapore
because (a) they shared common marketing under the same brand; (b) TT and TM
reported to the finance team of the respondents; (c) the respondents would be
the port-of-call for funding requests from the other entities; and (d) that it
was significant that Mr Wee, Group CEO of the respondents, had control over
and managed the closure of TT and TM. This is all consistent with the
conclusion above.

71 Mr Wee appears to recognise the same point. In his AEIC, he contended that
the “[t]he plain meaning of ‘Group Companies’ and ‘related or associated
corporations’ is that the entities have links in corporate structure or at
least share the same operations or management” [emphasis added].

72 In the final analysis, it is the common business of the “True” entities
that threads their relationship together to make them related or associated
corporations. Accordingly, we conclude that TT and TM continued to be related
and/or at the very least associated corporations of True Yoga even after the
restructuring. For completeness, having considered the express wording of cl
1.3(a) and the circumstances surrounding the formation of the Employment
Agreement, we do not find it necessary to consider subsequent conduct to
interpret cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement.

Sub-issue 3: Did Mr Wee’s conduct in relation to the manner in which he
managed the closure of TT and TM breach cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement?

73 We turn to consider Mr Wee’s conduct in relation to the closure of TT and
TM and whether that constitutes a breach of cl 1.3(a).

Mr Wee’s knowledge of TT and TM’s insolvency

74 We begin by considering Mr Wee’s intention as regards TT and TM at the
material time. This guides the assessment of whether he had faithfully and
diligently performed the duty to manage the closure of TT and TM, pursuant to
a duty assigned under cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement.

75 On Mr Wee’s case, he had intended to keep TT and TM afloat to delay the
decision of whether to shutter TT and TM. This was because if the acquisition
by Tongfang had collapsed, “there was a possibility that [TT] would have
continued operations from the True Singapore entities or other investors at a
later time”. He described the closure of TT and TM as “forced” because (a) as
regards TT, it was a result of the employees not turning up for work on Mr
Adisak’s instructions, and (b) as regards TM, it was a result of creditors
applying and obtaining the appointment of interim liquidators. However, the
emails relied upon by Mr Wee do not support such an inference. In fact, there
is significant documentary evidence of Mr Wee attempting to close the business
of both companies even prior to the execution of the SPA (see [9] and [81]).

76 The respondents contend that Mr Wee knew TT and TM had to be closed from as
early as November 2016 and February 2017 respectively. They rely on
documentary evidence of Mr Wee’s failed efforts to sell TT and TM to Jatomi
Fitness Group in February 2017 and to Evolution Wellness in March 2017,
internal discussions on the appointment of liquidators as regards TM in April
2017, and inquiries in April 2017 made to lawyers on matters relating to
insolvency of TT and TM. The respondents also rely on the poor cashflow of TT
and TM to support the contention that Mr Wee knew before the restructuring
that the companies were not going concerns.

77 In our view, the evidence is clear. Prior to and after the restructuring,
Mr Wee could not have believed that TT and TM would be going concerns and
would survive. We first address TT. Based on TT’s financial information, it
was already cashflow insolvent. Its quarter-on-quarter expenses as a
percentage of cashflow from the fourth quarter of 2016 speak to this: -192% in
4Q2016 and  
-86% in 1Q2017. The CJ Group had to frequently extend funding to TT, without which it would have folded. Such funding was as follows:

Date| Sum remitted by CJ Group to TT  
---|---  
24/25 Nov 2016| THB5m  
13/24 Dec 2016| S$65k  
3 Feb 2017| S$50k  
16 Mar 2017| S$75k  
31 May 2017| THB160k  
  
This is consistent with the bleak assessment that Mr Chen provided Mr Wee on
24 November 2016.

78 As for TM, it was consistently in the red from the second quarter of 2015
and reported cashflow negative based on quarter-on-quarter expenses as a
percentage of cashflow: -67% in 4Q2016 and -32% in 1Q2017.

79 Crucially, Mr Wee accepted under cross-examination that by April 2017, had
the status quo prevailed for TT and TM, they would have to shutter in the next
few months. This was just prior to the execution of the SPA on 6 May 2017. The
pertinent sections of Mr Wee’s evidence at the trial are set out below:

Q: … Mr Wee, I put it to you that by early April, at least 5th April, when you
were approaching the insolvency lawyers, you knew that True Malaysia will not
last more than a few months. Isn’t that right?

A: If the sales did not pick up, it would not last more than a few months.

Q: If status quo prevailed, it would not last more than a few months. Is that
a fair recharacterisation of your answer?

A: That is correct. Unless we had injection of more funds.

…

Q: Yes. Therefore, by April 2017 as well, you would have known that if there
were no fresh capital injections into True Thailand, it would have to close in
the next few months. Isn’t that right?

A: Yes. That is correct.

[emphasis added]

80 It is pertinent Mr Wee also sought legal advice from Siam City Law on
clawbacks in insolvency cases in Thailand in an email dated 6 April 2017 (see
[9] above). That Mr Wee accepted that TT and TM would have had to shut down in
the months following April 2017 without funding and sought legal advice on
clawbacks in Thailand in the same month is an important strand of evidence.
This is because the conduct that the respondents have alleged against him in
relation to cl 1.3(a) is from May 2017, save for the sales in relation to the
planned outlet at Plaza Damas (see [85]).

81 It is therefore unsurprising that Mr Wee explored the various exit options
described above (at [9]), given the dire circumstances. Indeed, Mr Wee had
communicated his plans to others. Mr Kraal averred in his AEIC that Mr Wee had
informed him in or around mid to late-April 2017 that the True Group was
looking to exit both the Malaysia and Thailand markets and that he was looking
for a tie-up with another fitness operator in Malaysia to mitigate the fall-
out from the closure of TM’s outlets. In an email to Ms Coreen Shan from TM
dated 17 April 2017, Mr Wee informed her that he hoped for the liquidation of
TM to be completed “[b]y mid May”. It is evident from these exchanges that
from as early as mid-April 2017, Mr Wee had intended to shutter TT and TM.
This is not at all consistent with Mr Wee’s position, as stated above (at
[75]), that he wanted to keep the TT and TM afloat in the event the deal with
Tongfang collapsed.

82 It is perhaps inevitable that the situation would deteriorate to a point
where, in the case of TT, its employees did not turn up for work and in the
case of TM, its creditors took steps to enforce their debt. However, the
context is important. To illustrate, the actions of the employees were fuelled
by Mr Wee’s management of the company. Mr Wee approved funding for only the
overheads and key personnel of the head office and withheld salaries for
everyone else. Ultimately, the malaise precipitated the rapid closure of TT
and TM in June 2017. It is apparent that the closures were not “forced”.

83 It is important to bear this context in mind in analysing whether Mr Wee
breached his duty under the cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement. We turn to
consider the specific acts that are alleged to have breached cl 1.3(a).

Continued publicity and sale of long-term memberships and training packages in
TT and TM

84 Despite the circumstances outlined above, TT and TM continued to promote
and sell new membership and training packages. In May 2017, TM sold 43 new
long-term membership packages. TM also continued collecting monthly fees for
existing membership and training packages in June 2017. As for TT, the sale of
new term membership packages and the renewal of existing membership packages
continued up to early June 2017. Mr Wee accepted that he had the authority to
direct TT and TM to stop (a) selling new term membership packages, (b)
collecting monthly fees for existing membership and training packages, and (c)
accepting renewals of existing membership packages. Mr Wee clearly did not
exercise this authority. The activities of TT and TM as outlined above show
this to be the case. Indeed, Mr Wee accepted this. Thus, Mr Wee permitted such
activities and, in effect, authorised them. Mr Wee must have well known that
these membership and training packages would not be fulfilled by TT and TM.
Yet, he allowed unsuspecting customers to purchase or renew packages, and
continue to make payment of monthly fees on existing packages.

85 Further, Mr Wee conducted pre-sales for a new club in Plaza Damas under TM
and pre-sold 50 membership packages between 8 November 2016 to May 2017. Part
of this period was after Mr Wee explored options to exit TT and TM in February
and March 2017 (see [76]–[81] above). The sale was authorised despite that
fact that no work was done to open the club (for example, the purchase of
gymnasium equipment) following the signing of the lease and the payment of the
deposit in November 2016. It is evident why no work was done – the cashflow of
TM was already dire in 2016 (see [78] above). At trial, Mr Wee did not
expressly deal with this in his AEIC and agreed, under cross-examination, that
he permitted the pre-sale of 50 membership packages for a club at Plaza Damas
which did not eventually open (see [23] above).

86 In our view, Mr Wee’s conduct as outlined above (at [84]–[85]) was in
breach of his duty under cl 1.3(a) to “faithfully and diligently” manage the
business of TT and TM, in particular the closure of the entities. Undoubtedly,
the continued sale of packages that would not be fulfilled would lead to
public outcry and distrust, and cause consequent damage to the brand equity of
the “True” brand. This would naturally have ramifications for True Yoga and
the other respondents which used the same brand.

The Subang Notice

87 The Subang Notice stated that the outlet would be closed for renovations
for three months from 10 May 2017. This was patently untrue. As stated earlier
(at [23]), the outlet was in fact closed because the Court bailiff needed to
take inventory pursuant to a writ of seizure of sale arising from rental
arrears.

88 Mr Wee does not dispute that he authorised the announcement. However, his
position is that disclosing the true reason for the closure would have led to
a “panic and run” on TM. This argument is not to the point. Mr Wee’s
responsibility was to manage the closure of TT and TM – a core aspect of this
was to mitigate the fallout that came with the closure of the companies’
outlets. The mismanagement, as the Judge rightly points out (Judgment at
[20]), was the fact that Mr Wee maintained the appearance that there was
nothing afoot and left its members stranded upon the abrupt closure of TM.
Indeed, the Subang Notice must be contextualised against the sale of packages
by TM in May 2017. Mr Wee had to keep up appearances in order to ensure the
sale of the packages, and the Subang Notice was part of that. In actively
concealing the true state of affairs of TM, Mr Wee acted in breach of his
contractual obligation to True Yoga to “faithfully and diligently” perform his
duty to manage the closure of TM.

Failure to procure and/or maintain alternative service providers

89 It is clear that Mr Wee did not take steps to adequately arrange for and
maintain the arrangement with alternative service providers to take on the
members of TT and TM following their closures.

90 As regards TM, Mr Wee stated that the arrangement with CHI Fitness
“remained unfinalized and tentative even up to 8 June 2017”. It was only
finalised after the closure of TM on 14 June 2017. He contends that the
discontinuance of the arrangement with CHI Fitness was because TM did not have
funds and the CJ Group “could no longer afford to pump in funds to sustain the
arrangement”. However, Mr Tan’s evidence is relevant. He explained that the
tie-up with CHI Fitness was to be for 24 months from 3 July 2017 to 3 July
2019 but fell through because of Mr Wee’s mismanagement. The situation was
aggravated by Mr Wee’s announcement on 10 June 2017 (the day of TM’s closure)
that CHI Fitness would provide services to members of TM with existing
packages, which was followed by CHI Fitness’s announcement contradicting Mr
Wee’s assertion. CHI Fitness stated that there was “no contract or arrangement
to honour or take over commitment from [TM]”. It would therefore seem that Mr
Wee’s announcement was not accurate. The contradictory position suggests that
there was no real plan in place for the members for TM to utilise their
remaining packages with an alternative service provider.

91 As for TT, Mr Wee did not take any steps to provide members with
alternatives after the closure of TT. Against this, Mr Wee claimed that “if
[he] had already made plans ‘to provide members… with alternative options for
the use of fitness facilities’ and informed the sales teams to cease selling
memberships and personal training sessions, [TT] would have folded overnight”.
We make two points. First, there is no evidence that any alternative
arrangements were put in place. Second, similar to the observation we made
above at [88], Mr Wee’s argument is besides the point – his duty under cl
1.3(a) encompassed managing the closure of TT and TM. That is hardly
consistent with the continued sale of packages which would be left unmet by TT
or any other alternative service provider.

92 We are therefore of the view that Mr Wee did not take reasonable steps to
ensure that the closure of TT and TM were properly managed by arranging for
alternative service providers. This was in breach of cl 1.3(a) of the
Employment Agreement. Needless to say, the failure to arrange alternatives was
exacerbated by the continued sale of packages shortly before the closure of TT
and TM.

Issue 3: Whether Mr Wee breached his fiduciary duty to act in good faith to
the respondents in relation to the manner of closure of TT and TM

93 We turn now to consider the Fiduciary Claim.

94 As the Employment Agreement was between Mr Wee and True Yoga, there is no
contractual obligation owed by Mr Wee to True Fitness and True Fitness STC
respectively vis-à-vis TT and TM. Indeed, True Fitness and True Fitness STC do
not bring a claim on this basis. Their claim is brought solely on the basis of
the fiduciary duty owed by Mr Wee to True Fitness and True Fitness STC as a
director.

95 Following from our analysis above on the proper plaintiff rule as regards
the Fiduciary Claim (see [46]) and on common brand equity (see [68] above), it
seems to us that each of the respondents (a) was owed a fiduciary duty by Mr
Wee as director to manage the affairs of TT and TM appropriately; and (b)
suffered an independent loss if the brand equity of the “True” brand was
damaged as a result of Mr Wee’s conduct. To recapitulate (see [68] above), the
respondents held a common brand equity namely, the “True” brand which they
used for the fitness and wellness businesses each undertook. The diminishment
of the value of the “True” brand would therefore result in the knock-on
consequence of lowered brand perception and reputational loss for each of the
respondents. It also seems to us that our analysis on the conduct of Mr Wee at
[74]–[92] above applies equally to our assessment of whether Mr Wee breached
his fiduciary duty to each of the respondents. We explain the second point.

96 It is trite that a director must exercise his fiduciary duty in good faith
and in the best interests of a company. The test is an objective-subjective
one: Hans Tjio, Pearlie Koh & Lee Pey Woan, Corporate Law (Academy Publishing,
2015) (“Corporate Law”) at paras 09.039 and 09.043. The question is whether
the director honestly believed that his act or omission was in the interests
of the company: Regentcrest v Cohen [2001] BCLC 80 at [120]. Where the
director’s alleged beliefs are objectively unreasonable, this may constitute
evidence that the director did not in fact honestly hold such beliefs at the
time: Extrasure Travel Insurances v Scattergood [2003] BCLC 598 at [90]. The
court, however, will be slow to interfere with the commercial decisions of
directors which have been made honestly even if they prove to be financially
detrimental. However, in considering whether a director has acted honestly,
the court will consider whether an intelligent and honest person in the
position of the director could reasonably have believed that the transactions
were for the benefit of the company. The following guiding principles were
articulated by the Court of Appeal in Ho Kang Peng v Scintronix Corp Ltd
(formerly known as TTL Holdings Ltd) [2014] 3 SLR 329: (a) where the
transaction is not objectively in the company’s interests, a judge may very
well draw an inference that the directors were not acting honestly; and (b)
the requirement of good faith would also not be satisfied if the director has
acted dishonestly, even if for the purported aim of maximising profits for the
company (at [38]–[39]).

97 It can hardly be said that Mr Wee had acted in good faith in the best
interests of the respondents in the manner in which he handled the closure of
TT and TM. For the same reasons at [74]–[92] above, it was clear that Mr Wee’s
conduct in reasonable probability would result in damage to the “True” brand
and he would have known that this would adversely affect the respondents. To
starkly illustrate the point, selling membership packages under the “True”
brand with no expectation that they would be performed to unsuspecting
customers would surely have a deleterious effect on the brand. We therefore
agree with the Judge that the fiduciary duty owed by Mr Wee to the respondents
was breached by the manner in which he managed the closure of TT and TM.

Issue 4: Whether the respondents suffered loss as a result of the breach of
the duties

98 We are of the view that True Yoga has shown that it has suffered loss as a
result of the breach of cl 1.3(a) and the respondents have shown their loss as
a result of the breach of the fiduciary duties owed to them by Mr Wee. The
loss is in the form of financial loss arising from damage to the brand equity
of the “True” brand.

99 At the liability stage of the proceedings, it suffices to demonstrate that
there was some loss occasioned by the breach: Tan Woo Thian v
PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Services Pte Ltd [2021] 1 SLR 1166. Having
said that, it remains relevant for the respondents to show at the assessment
of damages that their individual losses were suffered as a result of breach of
the relevant duty.

100 Mr Wee does not dispute that the closure of TT and TM had an impact on the
respondents and the “True” brand. Indeed, the evidence supports this.

101 Ms Lim testified that there was drastic decrease in the financial
performance of the “True” entities in Singapore for the months of July to
December 2017 for which the total decline was $4.7m. There is substance to Ms
Lim’s assertion. We explain below (at [102]–[104]).

102 By an email dated 13 July 2017, Mr Wee requested to temporarily utilise
US$1 million of the US$5 million in capital (the “China Fund”) which Fester
injected into the entities in Singapore associated with the “True” brand
(including the respondents) for expansion into the market in China to deal
with the cash crunch being faced at that time by these entities. Mr Wee
acknowledged that this was due to their business being affected by the closure
of TT and TM. Subsequently, Mr Wee asked for even more funding to be drawn
from the China Fund to deal with the cash crunch being faced inter alia by the
respondents. By early February 2018, Mr Wee had drawn down on all the monies
in the China Fund to plug various cashflow gaps. Thereafter, Mr Wee continued
to seek further funding from TFKT (see [13] above) to plug various other
cashflow gaps. Between February and March 2018, Mr Wee prepared a “TRUE GROUP
2018 Revitalisation Business Plan” which he presented to the board of TFKT. In
an email sent by Mr Chen on behalf of Mr Wee (copying him) on 2 February 2018
titled “Draft True Group 2018 Rejuvenation Business Plan and Proposed
Repayment Plan”, the attached PowerPoint slides contained the actual cashflow
of inter alia the respondents in 2017 as compared to the forecasted cashflow.
It was explained that the actual numbers fell far short of the forecasted
numbers because the “Closure of Thailand and Malaysia in mid Jun 2017 has
affected our members’ confidence” (at explanatory note 3) [emphasis added]. In
the revised version of the presentation slides which Mr Wee sent to the board
of TFKT on 3 March 2018, Mr Wee identified at Slide 2 (titled “A SWOT Analysis
of TRUE Group’s Business”), that one of the “WEAKNESSES” of the “True”
entities in Singapore which necessitated funding was its “Brand perception due
to negative publicity in 2017” [emphasis added]. This could only have been a
reference to the negative publicity generated as a result of the closure of TT
and TM. It is clear that Mr Wee acknowledged that the poor financial
performance of the “True” entities in Singapore in 2017 (which extended into
2018) was related to negative publicity associated with the closure of TT and
TM in 2017.

103 Mr Wee’s response to this is that such negative publicity was “inevitable”
and that “there would have always been damage to the ‘True’ brand from the
closures of [TT] and [TM] regardless of how they were managed”. In other
words, it was the fact and not the manner of closure that caused the negative
publicity.

104 We cannot accept this submission and make two points. First, given the
evidence that was adduced by the respondents, the evidential burden of
establishing the absence of a causal link was on Mr Wee. He failed to
discharge that burden. Second, Mr Wee’s submission misses the point. While the
closure might have arguably caused some negative publicity, it is evident that
the manner in which Mr Wee went about it gravely exacerbated the situation.
His conduct was deeply questionable for the reasons stated earlier (see
[74]–[92] above).

Conclusion on the Claims

105 We therefore dismiss the appeal in respect of the Claims. Mr Wee is liable
to True Yoga for breach of cl 1.3(a) in mismanaging the closure of TT and TM.
He is also liable for breach of fiduciary duties owed to the respondents to
act in good faith in their best interests.

Issue 5: Whether the termination of Mr Wee was justified under cl 11 of the
Employment Agreement

Sub-issue 1: Whether the Employment Agreement was varied such that Mr Wee’s
salary was reduced from $120,000 to $22,500

106 Mr Wee challenges the Judge’s decision that the Employment Agreement was
varied such that his salary was reduced from $120,000 to $22,500 per month. We
cannot agree with Mr Wee because the documentary evidence and his subsequent
conduct indicate otherwise. We make three points.

107 First, the email sent by Mr Hu to Mr Wee and Ms Si Tou on 3 May 2017
titled “Executive Team Pay Allocation” shows that there was an agreement
reached between Mr Wee and True Yoga that he would accept a lower
remuneration. It states that “[p]er our conversation, for a prosper future
partnership, as True CEO and shareholder you [ie, Mr Wee] are willing to cut
2/3 of your existing USD 1.14million annual salary to USD 380,000.” In the
same email, Mr Hu directs Ms Si Tou that “… on the salary issue, we can use
the following allocation for the group … Patrick [ie, Mr Wee] 200k Singapore,
180k TW”. The “200k Singapore” is meant to refer to USD$200,000 in annual
salary for his role as Group CEO in Singapore, which translates to
approximately $22,500 per month.

108 Second, Mr Wee signed an audit confirmation form confirming that his
salary slip in 2017 (containing his reduced salary from June to December 2017)
was “complete and accurate”. We do not accept his contention that he had only
confirmed the quantum of salary “paid” or “provided” by signing the audit
confirmation form. The form provided for confirmation that “the compensation
paid, payable or provided … as set out in Section A on pages 2 to 4 of this
confirmation, is complete and accurate” [emphasis added]. By signing the audit
confirmation form, Mr Wee had acknowledged that the section detailing the
wages paid or payable to him set out therein presented the full picture
regarding his remuneration for 2017. That the confirmation form was returned
by Mr Wee only on 24 October 2018 after he had been terminated on 19 May 2018
(without any objections raised in that time) provides a basis for inferring
that he believed that that was the salary due to him as Group CEO in 2017.
This supports the conclusion that Mr Wee had in fact reached agreement with Mr
Hu on the lower salary as asserted by the respondents.

109 Third, Mr Wee averred in his AEIC that he agreed to accept the lower
remuneration in his role as Group CEO and for “Tongfang to make up for the
shortfall in an agreeable mode within three years thereafter”. Thus, on his
own case, Mr Wee acknowledges that he had agreed to the lower salary, albeit
conditioned upon future repayment of some form from Tongfang.

110 We turn to the question regarding Mr Hu’s authority. Although Mr Wee
argues that Mr Hu did not have the authority to vary the Employment Agreement,
this is a red herring. It is not for Mr Wee to assert Mr Hu’s lack of
authority to vary the contract. It is for True Yoga to do so. It was clear
that Mr Hu purported to act on behalf of True Yoga by revising Mr Wee’s salary
downwards. Even if he was not authorised to act, True Yoga accepted and
ratified his acts by paying the reduced salary from 1 June 2017 and sending an
audit confirmation slip stating that Mr Wee’s salary was $22,500. This
confirms the contents of the email sent by Mr Hu, and buttresses the Judge’s
finding that Mr Wee’s salary pursuant to the Employment Agreement was varied.

111 We are therefore of the view that the Judge was correct in concluding that
an agreement was reached between Mr Hu and Mr Wee to reduce his monthly salary
to $22,500.

Sub-issue 2: Whether the Employment Agreement was terminated with cause

When was the Employment Agreement terminated?

112 There was some disagreement before the Judge over when the Employment
Agreement was terminated. However, Mr Wee has not appealed against the Judge’s
finding that the Employment Agreement was terminated on 9 May 2018. Similarly,
although the respondents contended that Mr Wee’s employment terminated on 12
March 2018 when Mr Wee’s extended term under the Employment Agreement lapsed,
they have not appealed against the Judge’s finding that the termination was on
9 May 2018. There is therefore no basis to disturb the Judge’s finding that
the Employment Contract was validly terminated on 9 May 2018.

Had the Employment Agreement been terminated with cause?

113 Given our finding on the breach of cl 1.3(a) of the Employment Agreement
(see [92] above), we agree with the Judge that the Employment Agreement was
terminated with cause on 9 May 2018.

114 We therefore dismiss the appeal against the Counterclaim in its entirety.

Conclusion

115 We dismiss the appeal in its entirety (see [105] and [114] above). Parties
are to file written submission on costs limited to ten pages each within ten
working days.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---|---  
Quentin Loh  
Senior Judge|  
  
Rai Vijay Kumar, Joavan Christopher Pereira and Jasleen Kaur (Arbiters Inc Law
Corporation) for the appellant;

Tan Zhengxian Jordan and Leong Hoi Seng Victor (Audent Chambers LLC)
(instructed), and Angela Phoon Yan Ling (Oon & Bazul LLP) (instructing) for
the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Jul 2023 (10:32 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

