Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 45

District Court Appeal No 46 of 2023

Between

VMG

… Appellant

And

VMH

… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family Law — Custody — Access — Increase in the access time for the father]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VMG

  
v

  

VMH

[2023] SGHCF 45

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 46 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
20 October 2023

25 October 2023.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal against the District Judge’s (“DJ’s”) decision dismissing
the appellant’s (the “Father”) application to vary the access arrangements.
Although both parents have joint custody of their son (the “Child”), the
respondent (the “Mother”) has care and control of the Child. The Father is
given access of 10 hours every week, on Tuesday and Thursday evenings, and
four hours on Saturdays and Sundays. In addition to the weekly access, the
Father has access for six hours on public holidays, and four hours on the
Father’s birthday, and the Tamil New Year (the “present access arrangement”).
The access arrangements were first made in 2021.

2 The Father applied to the court below to vary the access orders. He has
since made several applications to vary the access orders. He was partially
successful in some of his applications and unsuccessful in others. His most
recent application was made under FC/SUM 306/2023 on 28 January 2023 and that
was dismissed on 9 May 2023 with costs of $1,200 to the Mother. It was against
the dismissal of this last application that the Father now appeals to this
court. In this appeal, the Father is asking to be given:

(a) Overnight access on the weekends from Saturday 11am to Sunday 9pm;

(b) school holiday access on a weekly basis from Wednesday evening 5pm to
Sunday night 9pm;

(c) non-school going days 5pm to 9pm access;

(d) eve of all public holidays 5pm to 9pm access; and

(e) access on the Hindu Pongal Harvest (on 14 January to 15 January) for all
the years from 3pm to 9pm.

The Father is also applying for leave to adduce further evidence of a recent
psychological report of the Child (HCF/SUM 193/2023).

3 The Father wants to spend more time with the Child. He says that there is
insufficient time for him to bring the Child out for outings such as to the
Zoo, Bird Park, Discovery Centre, Science Centre and Snow City, under the
current access arrangements. He feels that such activities will strengthen the
bond between the Child and him. He stays a long distance away from the Mother
and too much of the access time is taken up by the time needed to travel from
his home to the Child’s. He urges the court to grant additional school holiday
access so that he has more time with the Child when school is not in session.

4 Counsel for the Mother, Mr Darren Chan (“Mr Chan”) objects to increasing the
access time because of the Child’s special needs condition. The Child had in
the past been diagnosed with Global Developmental Delay and was subsequently
formally diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder (“ASD”) early this year. Mr
Chan argues that because of the Child’s conditions, it is important for the
Child to have “structure and predictability”. Therefore, the Father’s access
should not be increased. Additionally, Mr Chan argues that the Father does not
understand the Child’s needs (in relation to the Child’s condition) and that
the Father is pushing the Child too hard. Mr Chan submits that the Father’s
refusal to acknowledge the Child’s condition is detrimental to the Child.

5 The Father disagrees with Mr Chan. He says that he knows that the Child is a
slow learner, but it is counter-productive to regard the Child as a special
needs child, when he is just a slow learner. He emphasises that in the past,
he too, had failed in school examinations. He failed in “primary 3”, but he
persevered, and eventually, obtained a master’s degree from the National
University of Singapore (“NUS”). He had since taught at the Institute of
Technical Education (“ITE”) for two years as a contract teacher. The Father
feels that it is important to continue with patient encouragement so that the
Child will develop normally.

6 At the heart of this present tussle over increasing access time is the
disagreement over what is best for the Child’s development. This is usually a
matter for the parents having custody to decide, but the court may have to
intervene when the circumstances call for it. In this case, since the conflict
is between what each parent thinks is best for the Child regarding the
Father’s access to the Child, the court will determine the question, as a
supervening surrogate.

7 In the present case, I am of the view that the Father’s request for greater
access to the Child is not detrimental to the Child, and on the contrary, may
have strong benefits to him. First, in the last two years, the Father has
access without any detriment. It is evident to me that the Father’s desire to
bring his Child out for longer outings (i.e. to the Zoo or the Discovery
Centre) is reasonable and beneficial for the Child. This is not possible under
the current access arrangements. It will also be in the Child’s interests to
deepen his bond with his father, who, from his own personal experience,
appears to me, wiser and more sensitive to a child in his son’s situation. I
can see the benefits through the plans the Father has, and the genuine
determination to carry them out. Far from being a detriment, I think that it
will be beneficial to the Child to spend more time with his father during the
school holidays. As such, I make the following orders, which are to last till
1 June 2024, when I will review the orders:

(a) Access on Saturdays to increase from four hours to seven hours;

(b) Access on Sundays to increase from four hours to five hours;

(c) Access for the Child’s December holidays to be on Tuesdays, from 1pm to
8pm.

8 I should add that the above orders are not at the expense of the Mother’s
time with the Child. They are increased because I am of the view that the
Child, now six years old, can and should spend more time with the Father.
Lawyers always talk in terms of access for the Father, but more often than
not, when we are contemplating the best interests of the child, we ought to be
thinking about the child’s access to his parents.

9 As for the Father’s application to adduce further evidence of a recent
psychological report of the Child, I allow it, only because the Father and Mr
Chan have both made submissions in relation to it, but I am of the view that
the report is not crucial. It is admitted for completeness. Even if Mr Chan’s
interpretation is correct, that it confirms that the Child has autism, the
evidence from the past two years of access (from when the Child was only four
years old) shows that he gets along well with the Father. Extending the hours
as I now do, may benefit not just the Child, but also the parents.

10 I saw the Child on 23 October 2023, and will see him again in six months.
Counsel will have to prevail on their clients (though in this case, the Father
is unrepresented) to understand that a young child, especially one with
special needs, will need both parents to secure a stable future.

11 No order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Appellant in-person;  
Darren Chan Eng Jin, Victor Lim See Wai and Joanne Ho (Legal Aid Bureau) for
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Oct 2023 (12:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

