Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 133

Admission of Advocates and Solicitors No 33 of 2022

(Summonses Nos 1182, 1187 and 1345 of 2023)

In the matter of Section 12 of the Legal Profession Act 1966

And

In the matter of Rule 25 of the Legal Profession (Admission) Rules 2011

And

In the matter of Rajagopal Muralitharan

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Legal Profession — Admission]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Rajagopal Muralitharan

[2023] SGHC 133

General Division of the High Court — Admission of Advocates and Solicitors No
33 of 2022 (Summonses Nos 1182, 1187 and 1345 of 2023)  
Choo Han Teck J  
8 May 2023

9 May 2023

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant, Mr Rajagopal Muralitharan sat for the Part B examinations in
2021 as required for admission to the Bar. He filed HC/AAS 33/2022 on 11
February 2022 for admission to the Bar in expectation of passing Part B. But
he failed. He had to retake the examination in 2022. This time he passed, and
so, on 19 April 2023, he filed his affidavit in support of his application for
admission as an advocate and solicitor. The applicant wishes to be admitted on
10 May 2023, the date of the Monthly Call for the month of May. He was
informed, however, that he filed his affidavit of admission one day late, as
the deadline for the Monthly May Call being was 18 April 2023. Thus, the
applicant filed HC/SUM 1182/2023 for an abridgement of one day to submit his
affidavit within time.

2 However, on 22 April 2023, the applicant was informed by the Registry of the
Supreme Court, that his originating summons had expired on 11 February 2023,
more than a year after it was filed. The applicant was subsequently advised by
the Law Society of Singapore on 5 May 2023 to seek a reinstatement of the
originating summons pursuant to O 21 r 2(8) of the Rules of Court (Cap. 322, R
5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”). Acting upon the Law Society’s advice, the
applicant filed HC/SUM 1345/2023.

3 At the hearing before me, there were no objections to his summons for
reinstatement by the relevant parties, the Singapore Institute of Legal
Education (“SILE”), the Law Society of Singapore and the Attorney-General. As
for the applicant’s summons for abridgement of time, there were no objections
from the SILE and the Law Society of Singapore, but the Attorney-General
objected. After hearing the reasons for the Attorney-General’s objection and
the applicant’s explanation in response, I allowed the applicant’s
application.

4 The summons for reinstatement was made under O 21 r 2(8) of the ROC 2014,
which provides:

(8) Where an action, a cause or a matter has been discontinued under paragraph
(5) or (6), the Court may, on application, reinstate the action, cause or
matter, and allow it to proceed on such terms as it thinks just.

5 The discontinuance of the originating summons was due to the lack of any
step or proceeding in the action under O 21 r 2(6) of the ROC 2014. However,
as the applicant had failed to fulfil his Part B examination requirements in
2021, there was nothing he could have done in furtherance of his action. Thus,
the lack of any step in the action, was not due to indolence but
impossibility. The correct procedure, however, was to apply for an extension
of time for the originating summons under O 21 r 2(6B) of the ROC 2014 while
it remained valid. This, the applicant did not do. He explained that he did a
cause book search at the LawNet Service Bureau and the status of the search
showed that his originating summons was “Pending”. This gave him the
impression that the Originating Summons had not expired and he proceeded to
file and serve the affidavit for admission accordingly.

6 The explanation is a weak one for a person seeking to be admitted as an
advocate and solicitor who has a constant and abiding duty to be careful and
meticulous, especially when it involves deadlines and punctuality. The
applicant must learn a lesson from this. An advocate and solicitor must live
by the rules — or perish by them.

7 There being no other impediment save the moment of carelessness, and there
being no objections from relevant parties, and sensing that he has learnt his
lesson, in exercise of my discretion, I allowed the originating summons to be
reinstated, trusting that he will pay closer attention to the rules when in
practice.

8 The second issue was the abridgement of time for the applicant to be called
to the bar on 10 May 2023. The deadline for the filing of the affidavit in
support of admission, which the applicant does not dispute, was 18 April 2023.
The applicant acknowledges that this was a mistake on his part. He says that
it was an honest mistake involving his miscalculation of 21 intervening days
required for the affidavit to be filed before the date of call. He says that
he wishes to be called in May so as to gain employment at a law firm as soon
as possible, but miscalculated by a day. State counsel, Mr Clement Lim, raised
an objection. Mr Lim says that the reasons the applicant gave were not good
reasons for the abridgement of time. Mr Lim defines a “good reason” as one
which is unforeseen, such as bereavement of a loved one. That may well be an
acceptable reason. But if he has learnt his lesson and always remember how
close he came to messing up his own application, then the charity shown to him
will have been justified. I think that the applicant will make a better
advocate and solicitor after this.

9 For the foregoing reasons, I allowed the summons for the reinstatement of
the originating summons and the abridgement of time. No order was required for
the summons for extension of time.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Applicant in person;  
Clement Lim (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Attorney-General;  
Naomi Ho for the Law Society of Singapore;  
Avery Chong for the Singapore Institute of Legal Education.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 May 2023 (15:12 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

