Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Family Justice Courts of the Republic of Singapore

[2023] SGHCF 46

District Court Appeal No 79 of 2023

Between

VUG

… Appellant

And

VUF

… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law – Consent orders – Variation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VUG

  
v

  

VUF

[2023] SGHCF 46

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 79 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
30 October 2023

1 November 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant (the “Husband”) is 48 years old and has a business in the
automobile industry (“MB Ltd”). The respondent (the “Wife”) is 43 years old
and works for the Grab delivery service. They were married on 8 June 2013, and
have two daughters, aged nine and seven. The Wife commenced divorce
proceedings on 3 December 2018. The interim judgment was granted on 9 May
2019, and final judgment on 10 August 2021. The district judge (“DJ”) below
made the ancillary order on 14 May 2021 (the “AM Order”). The Husband appealed
against the AM Order to the High Court (HCF/DCA 68/2021), and on 30 November
2021 Lai J, in HCF/ORC 322/2022, varied the AM Order (“Lai J’s Order”). The
Wife filed an appeal (AD/OS 63/2021) to the Appellate Division of the High
Court (“AD”) and was granted leave to appeal on limited grounds (on 15 March
2022). The Wife’s appeal was limited to issues relating to the Husband’s
shares in his companies, including MB Ltd. She then filed her appeal (AD/CA
34/2022) on 24 March 2022.

2 In the meantime, the parties settled and obtained a consent order (FC/ORC
5736/2022 dated 6 December 2022) varying Lai J’s Order. Thereafter, on 12
December 2022, the Wife withdrew her appeal to the AD. The present dispute
involves this consent order (the “Disputed Consent Order”). Lai J had reduced
the overall amount of money the Wife was to receive, namely from $422,000 to
$86,000. After accounting for deductions (refunds to children’s bank accounts
and costs award for the Husband), parties agreed that the Wife was to receive
$78,957.83 under the consent order. The consent order was made because the
Wife wanted to receive cash and not have to pay the $78,957.83 into her
Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) account. The Legal Aid Bureau (“LAB”)
representing the Wife, then sent a draft summons of the consent order to Mr
Yap Teong Liang (“Mr Yap”) on 17 October 2022. On 18 October 2022, Mr Yap
asked LAB whether they had sought the CPF Board’s approval and confirmation
that the Wife does not need to pay the $78,957.83 back into her CPF account
(as was directed by Lai J). He had previously (on 6 September 2022) told LAB
that the Husband had no objection to the Wife’s wish to receive cash, provided
approval was obtained from the CPF Board, and that the Husband would “not be
liable nor responsible for any refund [the Wife] has to make to the CPF
Board”. He also amended the draft summons and inserted:

In the event the CPF Board requires the [Wife] to refund to her CPF account,
the [Wife] shall be solely responsible for refunding to her CPF account monies
utilised towards the purchase of the matrimonial home plus accrued interest
and shall be responsible for any shortfall to be refunded to her CPF account…

3 LAB wrote to the CPF Board on 19 October 2022, enclosing their original
draft without Mr Yap’s amendment. Mr Yap was not copied on LAB’s letter and
thus did not know that his draft was not sent. The CPF Board replied
favourably to LAB on 2 November 2022. Upon receiving this reply, LAB wrote to
Mr Yap on the same day, forwarding CPF Board’s reply and sending across an
amended draft and confirming that “the revised draft is compliant with CPF’s
reply”. Unfortunately, LAB’s letter to Mr Yap now enclosed a copy of the draft
summons that Mr Yap had amended, leading Mr Yap to understand that his
client’s concerns had been addressed, namely, that he would not have to pay
any money into his CPF account because of the Wife’s shortfalls in refunding
her own CPF account, should the CPF Board require her to do so. On 3 November
2022, Mr Yap accepted LAB’s draft, with some other changes that are not
relevant for our purposes, and attached a signed copy indicating the Husband’s
consent, and with that the parties obtained the Disputed Consent Order.

4 On 3 February 2023, the CPF Board informed the Husband that in the event of
any disposal of the matrimonial property, he was responsible for refunding to
his CPF account any CPF money withdrawn (by him and the Wife), including
interest, for the purposes of payment towards the matrimonial property. The
Husband then realised that the Disputed Consent Order was different from the
agreement he thought had been reached. He then filed an application to vary
the Disputed Consent Order (FC/SUM 904/2023) to be consistent with the terms
of the agreement reached. The DJ dismissed the Husband’s application, and he
now appeals before me.

5 The CPF Board does not require the $78,957.83 to be paid into the Wife’s CPF
account because it was paid to a spouse in exchange for the transfer of that
spouse’s share of the matrimonial property. But the Wife had withdrawn
$179,995.07 as payment towards the matrimonial property and this has to be
repaid should the property be sold. The Husband who is now the owner of the
matrimonial property, will have to pay it. The Husband says that it is unfair
to have him refund money which the Wife had earlier withdrawn to make payment
towards the matrimonial home that she had not refunded to her CPF account.
Throughout the AM proceedings he had maintained that “he would only pay to the
Wife the amount due to her into her CPF account and that he would not be
responsible for any shortfall”. According to the Husband, if he were to be
responsible for refunding such money to his CPF account, he would be
prejudiced by having to tie up funds amounting to an additional $179,995.07,
which he would otherwise have in cash. This was on top of the $78,957.83 in
cash which he had already paid to the Wife as part of the Disputed Consent
Order. He consented to the Disputed Consent Order on the basis that the Wife
was responsible for her own CPF refunds, and he was only to pay her $78,957.83
in cash.

6 Mr Yap argues that the Husband only entered into the Disputed Consent Order,
despite it not actually reflecting what he had agreed to, because of
misrepresentations on the part of the Wife’s previous solicitors, from LAB. Mr
Yap refers to the correspondence between himself and the LAB, as well as
previously undisclosed correspondence between LAB and the CPF Board as
evidence of LAB’s misrepresentations to the Husband (at [2]-[3]). Mr Yap only
discovered that LAB sent the unamended draft to the CPF Board, and then the
amended draft to him with CPF Board’s approval, after LAB forwarded the
correspondence to Mr Yap in February 2023 at his insistence.

7 Mr Yap submits that the correspondence set out above with LAB and the CPF
Board makes it clear that LAB had given him the impression that the amendments
he had proposed had been conveyed to the CPF Board, and the CPF Board had seen
his amendment when they replied favourably. Counsel argues that he, and his
client, were misled into accepting the final draft put forward by LAB.

8 Miss Amelia Ang (“Ms Ang”), the solicitor taking over from the LAB for the
Wife, disagrees and says that the Husband has no grounds to justify his
variation application. Ms Ang submits that the Husband had been legally
represented throughout the proceedings and was therefore fully aware of or had
the relevant resources available to ascertain the applicable legal principles
in relation to CPF Board’s practices. Ms Ang argues that on the day LAB had
sent CPF’s response to Mr Yap (on 2 November 2022), the consent order had yet
to be entered, and Mr Yap could have raised the Husband’s concerns then.

9 She submits that the alleged inaccurate assertions and non-disclosure by LAB
were not material because the Husband’s CPF ordinary account had insufficient
funds to make up the payment to the Wife’s CPF ordinary account, and the AM
Order had to allow him to use money in his CPF special account to do so. Ms
Ang also submits that the LAB solicitors were not aware of the Husband’s
concerns “regarding the quantum of CPF refunds on future sale” and that since
LAB was representing the Wife, LAB was “not obliged to consider the lenses in
which” the Husband may have chosen to read the statement. According to Ms Ang,
LAB was not obliged to copy Mr Yap in their correspondence with the CPF Board.
In any event, since LAB had forwarded the CPF Board’s reply on 2 November
2022, which referred to LAB’s 19 October 2022 letter, that ought to have put
Mr Yap on notice and he could have sought a copy from LAB had he so wanted.

10 Moreover, Ms Ang submits that LAB had explained in their letter of 21
February 2023 that Mr Yap’s additional clause (at [2] above) was only relevant
if the CPF Board disallowed the arrangement under the draft consent order —
whether the Wife “could transfer her share in the matrimonial property to [the
Husband] for cash consideration without making any CPF refunds (principal sum
and accrued interest) used for the said property to her CPF account”. Since
the CPF Board had confirmed that there was no bar against such an arrangement,
it was reasonable for LAB to conclude that Mr Yap’s additional clause was
irrelevant.

11 Ms Ang urges that court to take into account the Wife’s concern with the
refund of her CPF account. She says that the Wife needs cash and would have
financial problems if the $78,957.83 was refunded to her CPF account. She
submits that the Husband had not suffered “even a real or substantive
prejudice” by having to now make CPF refunds to his own account. First, the
Husband may not even sell the matrimonial property at all. Second, he can
still use his CPF money to purchase another property, or withdraw them when he
reaches the statutory age for withdrawal. In Ms Ang’s words, the “prejudice
allegedly suffered by the Husband is therefore hypothetical”.

12 Finally, Ms Ang submits that the Wife would be further prejudiced if the
Husband’s appeal is allowed because she had withdrawn her appeal to the AD as
the parties had settled the terms for the consent order. Ms Ang submits that
the Wife may no longer be allowed to argue the broader terms of the DJ’s order
which had given her a much larger share, namely, $422,000 instead of the
$86,000 that Lai J ordered.

13 In my view, the present situation is unsatisfactory. On one hand,
maintaining the current Disputed Consent Order is prejudicial to the Husband
through no fault of his (or his counsel) because the series of events (at
[2]-[4] above) clearly show that the Husband (and his counsel) had been
misled. This is because the Disputed Consent Order was not what the Husband
had consented to in substance. It was material that Mr Yap’s amended draft,
which included the clause (at [2] above) was not shown to the CPF Board when
it was asked to comment on the proposed arrangement. Without the full context,
there remains a risk that the CPF Board’s reply is not comprehensive enough
(as it turns out) for a properly considered negotiation between the parties.
There is no reason why the latest draft, with the most updated amendments by
both parties was not sent to the CPF Board, nor why an outdated draft, which
Mr Yap had clearly taken issue with and indicated was deficient, was sent
instead.

14 Secondly, although LAB was not representing the Husband and was not obliged
to copy Mr Yap on their correspondence to the CPF Board, as a matter of
fairness, they ought to have attached the most updated draft which included Mr
Yap’s proposed amendments. Having failed to do so, it cannot now be argued
that Mr Yap ought to have seen it coming and ought to have proceeded with the
list of checks now being suggested. This is not reasonable.

15 Thirdly, I disagree with Ms Ang’s submission that it was reasonable for LAB
to take the position that Mr Yap’s additional clause was irrelevant. It was
not reasonable for LAB to do so. In Mr Yap’s letter to LAB (dated 6 September
2022), he had stated to LAB that:

As to paragraph 3 of your letter, whilst our client in principle has no
objection to your client seeking a waiver from the CPF Board to refund to her
CPF account monies utilised from her CPF account towards the property plus
accrued interest from her share of $119,767.53, this is subject to the CPF
Board’s approval and the order to be made by the court.

For the avoidance of doubt, if the CPF Board does not grant your client a
waiver or any part thereof, your client shall make the necessary refunds to
the children’s POSB accounts and the costs at the time of the transfer of the
property to our client. Further, our client shall not be liable nor
responsible for any refund your client has to make to CPF Board.

From the outset, it should have been clear to LAB that the Husband’s
acquiescence to paying the Wife in cash, was subject to the condition that the
Husband “not be liable nor responsible for any refund your client has to make
to the CPF Board”. That was what Mr Yap’s proposed amendment was supposed to
protect the Husband from (at [2] above).

16 Fourthly, I do not accept Ms Ang’s submission that the Husband would not be
prejudiced by having to refund money into his CPF account. Ms Ang submits that
the Wife would be prejudiced if she had to now refund money to her CPF account
(at [11]), The same must apply to the Husband. Both the Husband and the Wife
clearly want cash in hand rather than having their money in their CPF
accounts.

17 On the other hand, varying the Disputed Consent Order to reflect the
Husband’s own understanding is equally unsatisfactory. It offends the
principle of consent that is central to a consent order. The present version
of the Disputed Consent Order is the version that the Wife had consented to. I
accept that she had withdrawn her appeal to the AD on 12 December 2022 because
of it. Once material alterations are made, and the substance of the consent
order changes, the Wife cannot be bound to the new version without her
consent. Certainly, the basis on which she agreed to withdraw her appeal to
the AD would be different — and it would be unrealistic to assume that the
Wife would remain amenable to withdrawing her appeal to the AD. She may well
think that the benefits of proceeding with her appeal outweighs the benefits
of any new order. In this vein, I accept that this would be prejudicial and
unfair to the Wife.

18 We now have an unfortunate situation through no fault of the Husband, the
Wife and present counsel, but leaving the Disputed Consent Order in its
current form is not an option because the Husband had not been able to consent
to it. Likewise, varying the Disputed Consent Order to a form which the
Husband asks for (that is materially different from the current one) is not an
option as well because the Wife cannot be said to have consented to the
proposed version put forth by the Husband. Either way, there can be no true
consent between parties to give rise to a consent order (in whatever form) at
this juncture between parties. I am thus of the view that the only fair way
out of this dilemma is to set aside the Disputed Consent Order pursuant to the
court’s discretion under r 831(3) and (4) Family Justice Rules 2014 to “make
any order which ought to have been… made”, notwithstanding that “any ground
for… affirming or varying the decision of” the court below is not specified,
in order to “ensure the determination on the merits of the real question in
controversy between the parties” (WGE v WGF [2023] SGHCF 26 at [86]-[88]).

19 Setting aside the Disputed Consent Order is appropriate in the
circumstances and will free the parties to negotiate a fresh consent order, or
to apply to rekindle the appeal process — although I think that this is the
least desirable option. The appeal before me is therefore dismissed and the
Disputed Consent Order is set aside with no order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Yap Teong Liang (T L Yap Law Chambers LLC) for the appellant;  
Ang Yu Wen Amelia and Ee Hui Ying Samantha (Lee & Lee) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 01 Nov 2023 (15:55 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

