Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 98

Originating Application No 192 of 2023 (Summonses Nos 681 and 899 of 2023)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Babel Holding Limited  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 193 of 2023 (Summonses Nos 682 and 900 of 2023)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Babel Asia Asset Management Private Limited  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 194 of 2023 (Summonses Nos 684 and 902 of 2023)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Babel Block Limited  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 195 of 2023 (Summonses Nos 683 and 903 of 2023)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Moonalpha Financial Service Limited  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 196 of 2023 (Summonses Nos 685 and 904 of 2023)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Shinar Trading Services Private Limited  
---  
  
… Applicant

BRIEF REMARKS

[Insolvency Law — Schemes of arrangement — Extension of Moratoria]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Babel Holding Ltd and other matters

[2023] SGHC 98

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 192 of 2023
(Summonses Nos 681 and 899 of 2023), Originating Application No 193 of 2023
(Summonses Nos 682 and 900 of 2023), Originating Application No 194 of 2023
(Summonses Nos 684 and 902 of 2023), Originating Application No 195 of 2023
(Summonses Nos 683 and 903 of 2023) and Originating Application No 196 of 2023
(Summonses Nos 685 and 904 of 2023)  
Aedit Abdullah J  
31 March 2023

17 April 2023 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 These are my brief remarks, conveying my decision, which I will add to if
needed. Not all points will be addressed here. Having considered the
submissions and the evidence, I am satisfied that the applications for
moratoria extension (“the Moratoria Extension Applications”) under s 64 of the
Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IRDA”) and
the sealing orders (“the Sealing Applications”) should be granted.

Background

2 The applications were made by companies affiliated with the “Babel Finance”
brand (“the Babel Finance Group”); namely, Babel Holding Limited (the group
holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands) (“BHL”), Babel Asia Asset
Management Private Limited (a Singapore subsidiary) (“BAAMPL”), Babel Block
Limited (a BVI subsidiary) (“BBL”), Shinar Trading Services Private Limited (a
Singapore subsidiary), and Moonalpha Financial Service Limited (a separate
company incorporated in Hong Kong) (“Moonalpha”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Yang Zhou filed in HC/OA 192/2023 dated 6 March 2023
(“Yang-1”) at paras 7, 9 and 14.

Moonalpha preceded the “Babel Finance” brand and is not owned by BHL, although
it now apparently operates its business under the “Babel Finance” brand. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Yang-1 at paras 7 and 20.

The Babel Finance Group engages in a range of cryptocurrency-related business
activities, including cryptocurrency lending and cryptocurrency asset
management. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Yang-1 at para 16.

3 The applicants are seeking the Moratoria Extension Applications in order to
secure a period of respite to formulate a restructuring plan for the Babel
Finance Group which will be implemented via a scheme of arrangement (“the
Scheme”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Applicants’ Joint Written Submissions dated 29 March 2023 relating to the
moratoria extension applications (“AJWS-1”) at para 2.

The Sealing Applications are sought with respect to documents which contain
the unredacted versions of lists of the applicants’ creditors as well as
letters of support in respect of the Moratoria Extension Applications
(collectively, “the Documents”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Applicants’ Joint Written Submissions dated 29 March 2023 relating to the
sealing orders (“AJWS-2”) at para 2.

4 The Scheme contemplates substantive consolidation, or pooling, of the assets
and liabilities of the entire Babel Finance Group. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Yang-1 at para 73.

The applicants also propose a deed poll structure (“the Deed Poll Structure”)
under which one of the Singapore subsidiaries will become a primary co-obligor
in respect of the Scheme claims of the entire Babel Finance Group, in order
that a single scheme of arrangement may be proposed in respect of the Group. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Yang-1 at para 93; AJWS-1 at para 72.

Other key features of the proposed Scheme include the conversion of customers’
deficits into “Babel Recovery Coins” (“BRCs”) – tokens issued by Babel Finance
which are pegged to certain cryptocurrencies – and the contemplation of new
investments into the Babel Finance Group. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Yang-1 at paras 94–97.

The applicants’ arguments

5 With respect to the Moratoria Extension Applications, the applicants argue
that they meet the statutory requirement under s 63(3) of the IRDA for Scheme
companies to be corporations “liable to be wound up under [the IRDA]”.
Specifically, the applicants argue that under s 246(1)(d) read with s 246(3)
of the IRDA, BHL, BBL, and Moonalpha (collectively, “the Foreign Applicants”)
have established a “substantial connection” to Singapore. This “substantial
connection” is evinced by several factors; most importantly, the presence of
substantial assets in Singapore and the existence of a Babel Finance team
working out of BAAMPL’s registered office in Singapore that conducts business
for the whole Babel Finance Group, including the Foreign Applicants. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AJWS-1 at para 34.

6 The applicants submit that the requirements for extension of moratoria as
set out in Re IM Skaugen SE and other matters [2018] SGHC 259 (“Skaugen”) are
satisfied; namely, that the applications are made bona fide and there is a
reasonable prospect of the intended Scheme working and being acceptable to the
general run of creditors. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AJWS-1 at paras 49 and 53.

Thus, the applicants seek a six-month extension of the moratoria. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

HC/OA 192/2023 at prayer 1.

7 With respect to the Sealing Applications, the applicants argue that sealing
is necessary to safeguard the commercially sensitive information contained in
the Documents. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AJWS-2 at para 4.

Pertinently, confidentiality is important to prevent a “contagion effect” on
customers whose names appear in the Documents, whereby these customers suffer
adverse financial consequences by reason of being negatively associated with
the applicants. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AJWS-2 at para 16.

Furthermore, the applicants submit that no apparent prejudice would be
suffered by creditors as a result of the sealing of the Documents. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AJWS-2 at para 4.

The Objecting Creditor’s arguments

8 The first non-party (“the Objecting Creditor”), DRB Panama Inc (“Deribit”),
submits that the Moratoria Extension Applications and Sealing Applications
should not be allowed for the following reasons:

(a) First, the Moratoria Extension Applications are not brought bona fide as
the applicants have omitted the identities of the creditors in the Documents
and have failed to disclose their breach of certain statutory licensing
requirements under the Payment Services Act 2019 (Act 2 of 2019) (“PSA”) and
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Rev Ed) (“SFA”); 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1st Non-Party’s Written Submissions dated 29 March 2023 (“NPWS”) at paras 3(a)
and 3(b).

(b) Second, the Foreign Applicants have no substantial connection to Singapore
as the factors cited by the applicants show only a tenuous nexus with
Singapore; 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NPWS at para 3(c).

(c) Third, the proposed substantive consolidation has no commercial merit and
does not serve any legitimate interest since it was necessitated solely by the
applicants’ poor corporate and financial management; 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NPWS at para 4(a).

and

(d) Fourth, the Scheme is unworkable and has no reasonable prospect of being
acceptable to the general run of creditors. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NPWS at paras 60–62.

The Decision

9 The following issues arise for determination:

(a) Whether the Sealing Applications should be granted;

(b) Whether the requirements for the extension of moratoria have been met,
which raises the following sub-issues:

(i) Whether the statutory requirements under ss 63 and 64 of the IRDA have
been fulfilled;

(ii) Whether the Skaugen requirements have been met;

(iii) Whether substantive consolidation and the Deed Poll Structure are
appropriate mechanisms to be utilised in a scheme of arrangement; and

(c) What the scope of the moratoria extension should be.

The Sealing Applications

10 I accept the arguments of the applicants in favour of sealing the Documents
at this stage. The test is one of balancing the competing interests in play.
The applicants argue that the sealing of the Documents is required to
safeguard the commercially sensitive information relating to the identity of
the applicants’ creditors, in order to prevent these creditors from suffering
a potentially negative market reaction to news of their exposure to the Babel
Finance Group. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AJWS-2 at para 4.

On the other hand, the Objecting Creditor argues that the Sealing Applications
should not be granted as there is a need for the Scheme creditors to be able
to consult with each other on the appropriate steps regarding the Moratoria
Extension Applications and how their interests might best be protected. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NPWS at para 26.

11 At this stage, where the Court is concerned only with the extension of the
moratoria, rather than the approval of a scheme meeting or the sanctioning of
a scheme under s 210 of the Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CA”), the need
for transparency and the ability of the Scheme creditors to consult with one
another is less pressing. Thus, I am satisfied that at the present stage of
the proceedings, the importance of safeguarding the commercially sensitive
information in the Documents outweighs the interests that would be served by
releasing this information to the public. Hence, the Sealing Applications are
allowed.

Whether the requirements for extension of the moratoria have been fulfilled

12 I am satisfied that the moratoria should indeed be extended. The statutory
requirements under ss 63(3) and 64 of the IRDA as well as the Skaugen
requirements have been met. Furthermore, the use of substantive consolidation
and the Deed Poll Structure in the proposed Scheme is not inappropriate in
principle.

The statutory requirements under ss 63(3) and 64 of the IRDA have been met

13 Section 63(3) of the IRDA defines a “company”, for the purposes of schemes
of arrangement under Part 5 of the IRDA, as “any corporation liable to be
wound up under [the IRDA]”. Under s 246(1)(d) of the IRDA, a foreign company
can be wound up “only if it has a substantial connection with Singapore”.
Section 246(3) lists several factors which would support a determination that
a foreign company has such a “substantial connection”, including that
Singapore is the centre of main interests (the “COMI”) of the company. Aside
from the COMI analysis, a broad approach to the question of “substantial
connection” may be taken: generally, a company would have to conduct
activities of some permanence in Singapore, as opposed to merely transient
activities: Re Zipmex Co Ltd and other matters [2022] SGHC 196 at [22] and
[23].

14 I am satisfied that Moonalpha and the other Foreign Applicants have a
substantial connection with Singapore as they carried on business in
Singapore. Each of the Foreign Applicants has clients and creditors in
Singapore, and at least some of their work appears to be conducted by a single
team working out of Singapore. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Yang-1 at para 140(3) and Tab 30 (p 713 and 714); AJWS-1 at para 34(2).

I am satisfied that therefore the Foreign Applicants have a substantial
connection with Singapore and are therefore corporations liable to be wound up
under the IRDA as required under s 63(3).

15 Arguments were made on the applicable lex situs for cryptocurrency.
However, the present application is not the appropriate juncture for the Court
to address this question.

The Skaugen requirements are met

16 I am satisfied that the Moratoria Extension Applications are made bona fide
and that there is a reasonable prospect of the Scheme working and being
acceptable to the general run of creditors.

17 Although clear expression of support for the Scheme from most creditors is
absent, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AJWS-1 at para 52; 3rd Affidavit of Yang Zhou filed in HC/OA 192/2023 dated 27
March 2023 (“Yang-3”) at para 26.

that is not necessary at this stage. The court does not require a poll of the
Scheme creditors at this stage; rather, the court considers whether the Scheme
could be acceptable to the general run of creditors. The court also does not
delve into a detailed assessment of the reasonable prospect of the scheme
working; rather, it takes the assessment on a broad basis only. What has been
proposed, namely a combination of pooling, conversion of assets, and fresh
injection, cannot be said to be so unworkable that it should be rejected out
of hand and not left to the creditors to vote on. Thus, given what has been
adduced at this time, I am satisfied that there is a reasonable prospect of
the Scheme working and being acceptable to the general run of creditors.

18 As for the issue of bona fides, what has been raised goes to legality and
sufficiency of disclosure. The Objecting Creditor argues that a lack of bona
fides is evidenced by the applicants’ failure to disclose their breach of
certain statutory licensing requirements under the PSA and SFA. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NPWS at para 33.

The Objecting Creditor contends that the business activities conducted by the
Babel Finance team in Singapore fall within the definition of “digital payment
token services” under Part 3 of the First Schedule of the PSA 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NPWS at para 34.

, meaning that these activities need to be licensed by the Monetary Authority
of Singapore (“MAS”), but were not. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NPWS at para 35.

The Objecting Creditor further submits that the applicants failed to obtain
the requisite Capital Markets Services (“CMS”) licence under the SFA in order
to carry out fund management activities. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NPWS at paras 20, 38–40.

However, the applicants argue that the relevant licensing requirements under
the PSA and SFA are not applicable to them as their services are offered to
accredited and institutional investors only. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

This point was reiterated, following the hearing on 31 March 2023, in the 4th
Affidavit of Yang Zhou in HC/OA 192/2023 dated 5 April 2023 (“Yang-4”) at para
10.

19 Where there is clear contravention of statutory requirements, the court,
even in the absence of any regulatory or enforcement action, should not allow
its processes to be invoked. Here, however, the allegations of breach made by
the Objecting Creditor are not clearly established. It suffices for present
purposes to note that it is not entirely clear on what is before the court
that the applicants’ activities have run afoul of the regulations as alleged.
Coupled then with the absence of evidence of any action taken by MAS, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Yang-4 at para 9.

the conclusion is that illegality or contravention of the regulations is not
made out.

Substantive consolidation and the Deed Poll Structure are appropriate

20 At this time, as the Court is not dealing yet with an application for a
scheme meeting or sanction for a scheme under s 210 CA, only a preliminary
view can be expressed on the propriety of the various mechanisms to be
utilised in the applicants’ proposed Scheme. It suffices to note that the
Court does not find either substantive consolidation or the Deed Poll
Structure to be inappropriate in principle.

21 The Court does have power in considering a scheme proposal to allow
substantive consolidation and the Deed Poll Structure. The language of s 210
CA would seem to be broad enough to encompass such actions. In particular, the
terms “compromise” and “arrangement” in s 210 are not limited in their
meaning. There is no reason to find that these terms cannot encompass
mechanisms such as substantive consolidation and the Deed Poll Structure.

22 The Australian cases cited by the applicants on substantive consolidation
do assist in showing that substantive consolidation, or pooling, may be
conducted pursuant to a scheme of arrangement: Dean-Willcocks v Soluble
Solutions Hydroponics Pty Ltd (1997) 24 ACSR 79 at pp 82–85; Whittingham; Re
Hunter Valley Gravel Supplies Pty Ltd (2006) 59 ACSR 559 at [21]. And as for a
deed poll, such use of was accepted in Re DSG Asia Holdings Pte Ltd [2021]
SGHC 209 (“DSG”) at [68].

23 The commingling of funds may be a possible justification for either
substantive consolidation or the use of a deed poll in some situations, such
as where it would be impractical to individually identify each company’s
assets and liabilities.

The scope of the moratoria extension

24 For the reasons above, the extension of the moratoria is granted. However,
a six-month extension as prayed for leaves the matter out of the monitoring
and supervision of the Court for too long. A three-month extension is granted
at this time. If the progress and shaping of the likely Scheme continues well,
the Court will be open to further extensions of the moratoria.

Conclusion

25 The Sealing Applications are allowed, and the Moratoria Extension
Applications are granted for a period of about three months.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Yeo Alexander Lawrence Han Tiong, Ang Ann Liang, Yeoh Tze Ning and Edwin Teong
Ying Keat (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the applicants;

Abraham S Vergis SC, Mohamed Nawaz Kamil, Alston Yeong and Daniel Huang Xinli
(Providence Law Asia LLC) for the first non-party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Apr 2023 (17:51 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

