Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 56

Suit No 554 of 2019

Between

Chia Soo Kiang

(personal representative of the estate of Tan Yaw Lan, deceased)

… Plaintiff

And

(1) Tan Tock Seng Hospital Pte Ltd

(2) Dr Dorai Raj D. Appadorai

(3) Dr Lee Wei Sheng

(4) Dr Ranjana Acharya

… Defendants

judgment

[Civil procedure – Costs – Quantum]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chia Soo Kiang (personal representative of the estate of Tan Yaw Lan,
deceased)

  
v

  

Tan Tock Seng Hospital Pte Ltd and others

[2023] SGHC 56

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 554 of 2019  
Choo Han Teck J  
27 February 2023

10 March 2023

Choo Han Teck J:

1 Counsel for the defendants argued that the defendants had jointly made an
offer to settle (“the OTS”) on 24 April 2020. It was an open OTS with no
deadline for acceptance. The plaintiff did not accept the OTS. The defendants
are therefore asking for costs on an indemnity basis.

2 The OTS extended the plaintiffs an offer of $15,000 in full and final
settlement. The action ended on 13 October 2022 upon my dismissal of the
plaintiff’s claim entirely. There is no reason not to award indemnity costs
under O 22A r 9(3) of the Rules of Court to the defendants from 25 April 2020.

3 The defendants are asking for costs of the action to be fixed at $625,500
and $156,107.21 for disbursements. These include the costs of various
interlocutory summonses, namely —

(a) Summons No 746 of 2021: leave to give evidence via video-link;

(b) Summons No 798 of 2021: for discovery;

(c) Summons No 835 of 2021: to strike out an affidavit; and

(d) Summons No 837 of 2021: to amend the statement of claim.

4 The disbursements appear unusually high for a trial that took eight full
days and two half days because a large part of that went towards the expenses
incurred in paying the expert witnesses and the transport and accommodation of
witnesses from overseas.

5 Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that the appropriate costs for the trial
should be $120,000, and $13,500 for Summonses Nos 798, 835 and 837 of 2021. He
submits that no costs should be awarded for Summons No 746 of 2021. I am of
the view that costs for all four summonses ought to be paid by the plaintiff.

6 Counsel for the defendants submitted that I ought to take the conduct of the
plaintiff into account. It is true that a major amendment was made to the
claim a week before the trial commenced. Affidavits of crucial witnesses were
filed without leave. The trial had to be vacated and re-scheduled. The action
itself was badly conceived. However, all that cannot be blamed on the
plaintiff who is only the administrator of the deceased’ estate as the action
could only proceed on medical and legal advice.

7 How the action progressed and ended as it did have been set out in my
judgment of 13 October 2022. What advice the plaintiff received, however, is
not a matter of inquiry before me. Costs are not meant to punish a failed
civil action, but when a reasonable offer to settle was refused and the party
refusing ended worse off than the terms offered, the other party should not
have to bear the resulting costs that might have been saved. In this case,
even an offer of mediation was rebuffed. In such circumstances, the law allows
the court, unless for strong reasons otherwise, to order indemnity costs. I am
of the view that the defendants here ought to be compensated by indemnity
costs, and I so order.

8 I am of the view that the costs of this action on a standard basis would be
in the region of $400,000. The amount to be awarded on an indemnity basis
would be in the region of $600,000. Although the plaintiff had been ordered to
pay costs for the four summonses that were ruled against him, they attract
much lower costs and I therefore exercise my discretion and order that the
overall costs be fixed at $600,000 to include the costs of the summonses, on
an indemnity basis, to be paid by the plaintiff to the defendants.

9 The disbursements of $156,107.21 is high, but a large portion are for
payments for the services of the experts. The fees for the defendant’s
experts, namely, $21,400 for Dr Kang, $35,042.50 for Dr Huang, and $56,422.50
for A/Prof Yeo are, in my view, reasonable. The transcription costs came to
$13,080.75, and a sum of $6,178.74 was incurred for the witness of fact who
had to travel from Malaysia and stayed until she testified.

10 I thus order that the plaintiff pay the defendants costs fixed at $600,000
and disbursements as claimed. The amount is undoubtedly very high, and from
the evidence I have seen at trial, the deceased does not seem to be a wealthy
person. It may be that the defendants will not be able to recover the costs.
In that sense, they will not even be compensated by costs. Had the parties
gone for mediation, a better idea of the merits of the case and the burden of
costs may have been impressed upon them by the mediator, and we might have had
a different outcome to this suit.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Clarence Tan Ming Yew and Low Hong Quan (Fervent Chambers LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Mar Seow Hwei, Lee Qiu Li and Lydia Yeow Ye Xi (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP)
for the defendants

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 10 Mar 2023 (11:10 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

