Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Family Justice Courts of the Republic of Singapore

[2023] SGHCF 18

District Court Appeal No 109 of 2022

Between

WJM

… Appellant

And

WJN

… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law — Matrimonial assets — Division]

[Family Law — Maintenance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WJM

  
v

  

WJN

[2023] SGHCF 18

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 109 of 2022  
Choo Han Teck J  
21 March 2023

3 April 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is the appellant’s (“the Wife”) appeal against the ancillary orders of
the District Judge Goh Zhuo Neng (“the DJ”) in FC/ORC 5473/2022, made on 22
November 2022, concerning the division of matrimonial assets and the order for
maintenance to be paid by the Wife to the respondent (“the Husband”). This
marriage subsisted 22 years — the parties were married on 11 April 1998 and
obtained the interim judgment of divorce on 27 April 2021. The Husband, who is
67 years old, is a Singaporean by birth. He was working at [A] Pte Ltd as a
corporate account manager until 2000 when he retired due to ill health. The
Wife is 49 years old and works as a beautician. She was a Vietnamese citizen
until 2008 when she became a Singapore citizen. The parties have one child,
aged 21, and independent.

2 Applying ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043, the DJ determined the parties’
respective direct financial contributions to be 36.1% (Husband): 63.9% (Wife)
and their indirect contribution to be 45% (Husband): 55% (Wife). Placing equal
weightage on direct and indirect contributions, he ordered that the
matrimonial assets be divided in the overall ratio of 40.55% (Husband): 59.45%
(Wife). This was different from the order extracted which incorrectly stated
the overall ratio as 46.6% (Husband): 54.4% (Wife). I am satisfied that this
was due to a clerical error made by the DJ when providing a summary of his
orders. The correct ratio was 40.55% (Husband): 59.45% (Wife).

3 The Wife says that the DJ erred in his computation of both the direct and
indirect contributions. She says the DJ determined her direct contribution
wrongly by, first, attributing an Additional Housing Grant (“AHG”) of $20,000
entirely to the Husband instead of apportioning it equally between the
parties. Secondly, she says that the DJ wrongly accepted $14,616 as the
Husband’s CPF contributions.

4 Counsel for the Wife, Mr Bhaskaran Shamkumar, submits that the $20,000 AHG
ought to be apportioned between the parties equally. He rests his case on the
admission by the Husband made at the hearing before the DJ on 16 November
2022. The question posed by the DJ to the Husband was “[i]f you were applying
for this property as a single person, would you get the grant?” The Husband
replied: “No. I had to have a family nucleus.” Mr Shamkumar says the Husband’s
answer conclusively shows that the grant must be made to the family nucleus,
and thus was made equally to the Wife. The Husband’s response was that the AHG
was paid directly to his CPF account as he was a Singapore citizen. According
to him, the Wife was only a Permanent Resident at the time of receipt of the
AHG, which meant she did not meet the pre-requisite of the AHG that the
applicant must be a Singapore citizen. Contrary to Mr Bhaskaran’s argument, I
do not think that the Husband’s admission is the answer to this issue. It may
be true that the Husband had to be part of a family nucleus to receive the
AHG, but it is possible that the grant was given solely to him, on the
condition that he is part of the family nucleus. The Husband may well be right
that the Wife, as a non-citizen at the time, would not have been entitled to
have the AHG paid to her or at all. The Wife, as the appellant, bears the
burden of showing that the DJ erred in his reasoning, supported by sufficient
proof. A simple inquiry to the Housing Development Board for a response in
writing might have proved sufficient but this was not done, the result of
which leaves many unanswered questions — what is the AHG? Who is the intended
beneficiary of the AHG? What is the mechanism for its pay out? The burden of
answering these questions lay on the appellant Wife, and these unanswered
questions lead me to the conclusion that this burden has not been discharged.
I thus decline to disturb the DJ’s findings on this point.

5 The Wife’s second argument is that the DJ erred in recognizing a sum of
$14,616.00 as the CPF contribution of the Husband. She says that all the CPF
contributions amounting to $67,050.00 (and not $52,904.30 as assessed by the
DJ) came from her. It was recognized by the DJ, and not disputed by the
Husband, that the Wife paid $67,050.00 for the CPF mortgage repayments since
the Husband had already withdrawn all his CPF monies by 2001 prior to the
purchase of the matrimonial home. What the Wife disputes, however, is the
attribution to the Husband’s CPF contributions of half of the rental profits
from the tenanting of one room in the matrimonial home over a 7-year period
from January 2007 to December 2013. The DJ found that there was an
understanding between the parties that $348.00 (being the profit after
deducting housing expenses from the monthly rental of $500.00) was to be paid
to the Wife monthly as a cash refund for the CPF contributions made by her,
which amounted to $29,292.00. As the Wife was also entitled to half the rental
proceeds, the DJ only credited half the rental proceeds to the Husband’s CPF
contributions, being the amount of $14,616.00.

6 From the Wife’s written submissions, it appears that she does not dispute
this understanding between the parties or that the reimbursement in fact took
place. Instead, she disputes the Husband’s contribution on a technicality that
the sum of $14,616.00 was paid in cash and not from the Husband’s CPF account.
This, she says, means that the sum cannot be treated as his CPF contributions.
The Wife’s written submissions read (at [15]—[16]):

15 The Appellant avers that one of the rooms in the matrimonial flat was
rented out since January 2007 for the monthly rental of $500.00. From January
2007 to December 2013, the Respondent would give the sum of $348.00 from the
rental income to the Appellant. The $348.00 comprised of the sum of $174.00
being the Respondent’s half-share of the monthly mortgage payment, which was a
reimbursement by the Respondent to the Appellant as the Appellant had made
payment for the monthly mortgage via her CPF. This payment by the Respondent
to the Appellant was in cash and amounted to $14,616.00 for the period from
January 2007 to December 2013.

16 Therefore, the Appellant is submitting that as the sum of $14,616.00 was
not paid by the Respondent via his CPF account, it should not be accounted for
under the Respondent’s direct financial contributions from his CPF account.

7 I am unable to accept the Wife’s argument. It is not uncommon for one spouse
to pay for an item of expense from one account and then receive reimbursement
thereafter from the other spouse. Such a practice is not only administratively
efficient, but it was, in this case, the only possible way to finance the CPF
mortgage as the Husband no longer had any monies remaining in his CPF account
at the time of the purchase. It was not disputed that the payment of
$14,616.00 was a reimbursement of the Wife’s CPF contribution. Thus, the DJ’s
decision to recognize the Husband’s monetary contribution as a CPF
contribution, albeit by way of reimbursement, was perfectly reasonable.

8 Notwithstanding the above, the Wife further argues that in any case, the
Husband had “pocketed the full monthly rental income of $520.00” from January
2014 to June 2018, which amounted to $15,600.00. Thus, the Wife claims that
his contribution should be set off against his contribution of $14,616.00 to
the CPF mortgage repayment. In response, the Husband says that the sum of
$520.00 was retained by him as his daily living expenses because he was
unemployed during that time while the Wife continued to be employed. I do not
accept the Wife’s argument. In my view, the rental income was legitimately
used for the Husband’s daily living expenses at that material time. The mutual
give and take in a marriage is not rescinded ab initio when the union is
severed. Every divorce puts an end to whatever romance is left, but that is
understandable. An accounting for every cent in this way transforms the union
from a marriage into a business partnership. That, is going too far. For the
foregoing reasons, the direct financial contributions of the parties as
determined by the DJ remain unchanged.

9 The Wife further says that the DJ determined the indirect contributions
wrongly and argues that a ratio of 30% (Husband): 70% (Wife) is more
appropriate in the circumstances. Her counsel’s written submissions set out a
detailed list of her contributions and the Husband’s shortcomings. However,
counsel’s submissions omit the fact that the Husband contributed to the
family, including taking care of their child when the Wife was at work, and
helping the Wife adapt to life in Singapore. The Husband has been playing the
homemaker role since 2001 when he became unemployed. This was a long marriage
of 22 years, and I accept that the Husband had contributed his part in
building the family. Thus, I am of the view that the DJ’s assessment of 55%
(Wife): 45% (Husband) for indirect contributions is reasonable.

10 For the foregoing reasons, I affirm the division of matrimonial assets as
ordered by the DJ.

11 In her notice of appeal, the Wife appeals against the order of the DJ that
she is to pay the Husband maintenance of $150.00 a month for a year starting
from 30 November 2022\. The appellant’s case, however, makes no argument in
support of this point. It is unclear to me whether the Wife has abandoned this
ground of appeal, but in any case, I affirm the DJ’s order. I am of the view
that $150.00 a month is reasonable in the circumstances and is proportionate
in quantum and duration to the Wife’s present earning capacity.

12 After reserved judgment on 21 March 2023, the Husband wrote to make further
submissions by way of an e-mail dated 23 March 2023. In it he says that the DJ
erred in calculating the parties’ direct financial contribution by reference
to the value of their assets held in sole names. He further asks for the
maintenance obligation to be extended beyond 12 months to the rest of his
life.

13 First, the Husband’s email was not in accordance with the proper procedure
for further arguments. When a court has reserved judgment, no further
submissions should be made without leave. Further, the Husband did not file a
cross-appeal against the DJ’s decision. Neither did he copy his email to the
Wife or her counsel, thus denying the Wife a right of reply to his arguments.
On this ground alone, the Husband’s arguments can be rejected. In any case, I
do not accept the arguments raised in his email. The value of assets held in
the parties’ sole names are always relevant for consideration, sometimes to
make specific apportionments and sometimes as part of a general consideration
on a global basis to determine their respective contributions. Moreover, on
the plea for lifelong maintenance, the Husband is essentially seeking a
variation of the DJ’s order. The Husband is wheelchair bound and has been
certified as disabled. He thus applies for a maintenance order as an
incapacitated husband. However, as the DJ found, the Wife is not a high-income
earner, and the Husband is receiving aid from the Government. Further, he will
be entitled to a lumpsum pay out when the matrimonial home is sold on the open
market. The maintenance order was thus fair and reasonable in the
circumstances, and there has not been a material change in circumstances from
the time of the order and now when this appeal is heard which warrants a
variation of the orders.

14 For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss the Wife’s appeal.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Bhaskaran Shamkumar (Accord Law Chambers) for the appellant;  
Respondent in-person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Apr 2023 (15:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

