Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE HIGH COURT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2023] SGHC 29

Originating Application No 646 of 2022

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Aaquaverse Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 647 of 2022

In the Matter of Section 65 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Aaqua BV  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 648 of 2022

In the Matter of Section 65 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Aaqua Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 656 of 2022

In the Matter of Section 65 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Aaqua Inc  
---  
  
… Applicant

BRIEF REMARKS

[Companies] — [Schemes of Arrangement] — [Moratoria] — [Reasonable Prospect of
the Scheme Working]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Aaquaverse Pte Ltd and other matters

[2023] SGHC 29

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 646 of 2022,
Originating Application No 647 of 2022, Originating Application No 648 of 2022
and Originating Application No 656 of 2022  
Aedit Abdullah J  
10 November 2022, 19 January 2023

10 February 2023

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 These remarks are issued to assist practitioners in this area of law and
will be subject to any full grounds that may be furnished. These remarks focus
primarily on the question of whether the applicants showed, for the purposes
of an extension of moratoria under ss 64 and 65 of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IRDA”), that there was
a reasonable prospect of the proposed scheme of arrangement (the “Scheme”)
working.

Background

2 The applications were made by companies in the Aaqua Group: Aaquaverse Pte
Ltd (the group holding company incorporated in Singapore), Aaqua BV (a
Netherlands subsidiary), Aaqua Pte Ltd (a Singapore subsidiary), and Aaqua Inc
(a United States subsidiary). The Aaqua Group is a largely Singapore-based
start-up engaged in creating a social media platform, “Aaqua” (the “Aaqua
App”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions dated 4 November 2022 (“AWS”) at [5]-[6].

3 The applicants outlined the Scheme at a hearing before me on 10 November
2022. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AWS at [26].

First, the Scheme proposed that all assets and liabilities of the Aaqua Group
be pooled in Aaquaverse Pte Ltd to allow for easier restructuring of the debts
of the entire Group. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AWS at [26(a)], Robert Bonnier’s affidavit dated 13 October 2022 (“RB”) at
[65(a)].

The applicants later disclosed that these assets comprised intellectual
property (“IP”) in the Aaqua App and shares in Audioboom, an audio hosting and
podcasting platform. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Power Michael Declan’s affidavit dated 16 December 2022 (“PMD”) at [10].

Next, the Scheme contemplated that the applicants would be awarded a
substantial sum by the English courts following an ongoing inquiry into
damages (the “Damages Inquiry”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AWS at [26(b)], RB at [65(b)].

The applicants expected that this sum would be sufficient to pay all Scheme
creditors in full. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AWS at [26(c)], RB at [65(c)].

4 As I had concerns about aspects of the application, I granted only a
relatively short extension of the moratoria until 20 January 2023 and directed
that the applicants file further affidavits to substantiate parts of their
case, namely: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

10 November 2022 Minute Sheet at pages 7-8.

(a) the assets of the various entities seeking ss 64 and 65 moratorium
protection;

(b) the status of the foreign proceedings;

(c) the likely damages to be awarded by the English Court in the Damages
Inquiry;

(d) the financing and facilities that were obtained previously; and

(e) further details of the Scheme and how it was envisaged to benefit all
creditors, including the employees.

Prospect of the scheme working

5 At the 19 January 2023 hearing, which is the subject of these brief remarks,
the applicants sought a further extension of the moratoria. They argued that
they had made out sufficiently for that stage the reasonable prospect of the
Scheme working. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Applicant’s Further Written Submissions dated 17 Jan 2023 (“AFWS”) at [13].

6 I appreciated that Mr Han, his team and the financial advisors put in great
effort on behalf of their clients in the matter, and I was grateful for the
assistance given. However, I was not persuaded to grant the applications and
accordingly dismissed them.

7 Primarily, the applicants failed to make out the requirement in Re Pacific
Andes Resources Development Ltd and other matters [2016] SGHC 210 (“Pacific
Andes”) that there was a reasonable prospect of the Scheme working: Pacific
Andes at [65].

8 While the test was expressed in Pacific Andes and Re Conchubar Aromatics Ltd
and other matters [2015] SGHC 322 as requiring a reasonable prospect of the
scheme working and being acceptable to the general run of the creditors, such
support by the creditors was not sufficient on its own. The former limb of the
test was equally important: the court should only let through a scheme that
had a reasonable prospect of working.

9 It is true that only a general assessment was to be done at that stage.
Unfortunately, what was put before me fell short. Much depended on the award
to be given following the Damages Inquiry. While the applicants tendered a
report on that issue, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PMD at [14]-[16] and at Tab 7 pages 73-99.

it was not supported by a legal opinion evaluating the likelihood of the
English court making such an award and assessing the possible range. A KC’s
opinion, or that of an experienced English solicitor practising in this area,
would have given much more substance. Furthermore, any scheme proposal hinging
on an award by a court would attract quite a bit of scrutiny: litigation is
risky, and the best laid forecasts may come to grief when judgment is given.
Any award would also be subject to appeals, as well as the filleting of the
award to pay the lawyers, advisors and others involved in the process.

10 All this meant that any applicant for a moratorium or scheme relying on an
inflow of funds from a judicial or arbitral award should be prepared to face
heavy questioning and should be prepared to give robust and rigorous analysis
to support their position. Unfortunately, I did not find this to be the case
here.

11 The other aspects of the Scheme were also very doubtful: the IP valuation
of the Aaqua App seemed rather optimistic. The Aaqua App had not been brought
to market; the forecasts and dreams of the developers could not be the basis
of a scheme proposal. The cost of development certainly could not. The app
graveyard is full of costly and expensive apps which have come to nought,
despite the best hopes of those involved.

12 That left the shares in Audioboom, which were not sufficient to make a
substantial enough difference to my mind even assuming they could be sold off
at a good return in the market.

13 I therefore found that the forecast of a probable better return than
liquidation was really unsupported. The fact that a majority of the creditors
may have been in support did not alter the result. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AWS at [19]-[20].

14 The shortcomings above also pointed to a lack of bona fides in the
application. One would have expected from a good faith application much more
planning and certainty to be put in in terms of possible financing.

15 I did not address the allegations raised by Candy Ventures; I was not sure
that those allegations touched on bona fides for the purposes of the
applications, though they may have raised other issues. I also left for
another day the question of whether Candy Ventures had in fact submitted to
the court’s jurisdiction. Neither was necessary for the disposal of the
applications which were before me.

Conclusion

16 The applications for extension of moratoria under ss 64 and 65 of the IRDA
were dismissed.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Han Guangyuan Keith, Tan Mei Yen and Ammani Mathivanan (Oon & Bazul LLP) for
the applicants;

Samuel Richard Sharpe (Sharpe & Jagger LLC) for Candy Ventures Sarl (non-
party).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 14 Feb 2023 (18:34 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

