Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the family justice courts of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 37

Suit No 12 of 2021  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 2 of 2023)

Between

WPA

… Plaintiff

And

1\. WPB

2\. WPC

3\. WPD

4\. WPE

… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Discovery of documents — Application]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WPA

  
v

  

WPB and others

[2023] SGHCF 37

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Suit No 12 of 2021
(Registrar’s Appeal No 2 of 2023)  
Choo Han Teck J  
15 August 2023

22 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal against an order dismissing the application in HCF/SUM
143/2023 for a summons for discovery, as part of the main suit HCF/S 12/2021.
HCF/S 12/2021 involves a dispute over the last will and testament (the “Will”)
of the matriarch (“YLL”) of a family (“Family”). The Family holds business
interests and multiple properties in various countries like Singapore,
Malaysia, Hong Kong, Australia, and the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”). YLL
has eight children — three sons, and five daughters. The plaintiff is WPA, the
eldest son. The 1st defendant is WPB, the eldest daughter. The 2nd defendant
is WPC, the second son. The 3rd defendant is WPD, the third son. The 4th
defendant is WPE, the eldest grandson. The named executors of the Will and
trustees of YLL’s estate (the “Estate”) are WPB and WPC (collectively the
“Executors”). The four beneficiaries under the Will are YLL’s three sons, WPA,
WPC and WPD, and her eldest grandson WPE (collectively the “Beneficiaries”).

2 The family business was originally built up by the patriarch (“WKM”), who
died in 1999, leaving parts of his estate to each of the three sons, with WPA
receiving a 2.5% share, WPC receiving a 20% share, and WPD receiving a 20%
share. The bulk of his estate was left to his widow, YLL, who received a 57.5%
share.

3 YLL died in April 2012, and the order granting probate to WPB and WPC was
made on 11 March 2021. The reason for the time discrepancy between YLL’s death
and the grant of probate in Singapore is due mainly to contentious probate
proceedings in Australia from end 2006 between WPC and his other siblings (the
“2006 Australian Proceedings”). The dispute between the siblings concerned YLL
signing documents purporting to transfer all of her shares in various Hong
Kong and Australian companies to WPC — solely for WPC’s benefit. YLL was
eventually found to lack mental capacity and a Committee of Persons was
appointed by the court (on 24 October 2007) to manage her affairs. The 2006
Australian Proceedings were eventually settled in full in June 2009 (the
“Settlement Agreement”). The Settlement Agreement was approved by Justice
Andrew Ang on 13 July 2009. The Settlement Agreement was subsequently approved
by the Australian court on 2 April 2012, and the 2006 Australian Proceedings
were settled.

4 After YLL died, an Australian Administrator was appointed. The Australian
Administrator then applied to court to make various determinations in relation
to the implementation of the Settlement Agreement (the “Australian
Clarification Proceedings”). In Singapore, the Executors applied to court to
admit a copy of the Will (as they were unable to locate the original Will),
and the order was granted on 5 October 2018. The Executors then applied for
the grant of probate on 8 August 2019, which was granted on 11 March 2021.

5 According to the plaintiff, he had discovered sometime around May 2021 that
his brothers, WPC, and WPD had entered into a “Heads of Agreement” dated 24
October 2019 (“HOA”) in respect of the Settlement Agreement. The plaintiff
says that since the HOA purported to be a compromise of parties’ rights and
obligations under the Settlement Agreement, and imposed obligations on the
Estate — all parties to the Settlement Agreement should be joined as parties
in the HOA, and that the Estate be represented in the HOA negotiations. As an
illustration of the effect of the HOA, the plaintiff claims that the HOA
provisions take precedence over the Settlement Agreement provisions where
there are inconsistencies between the two. This was the basis for the remedies
sought by the plaintiff against the Executors in the present suit. The
plaintiff says that by entering into the HOA, WPC has “misconducted himself”
by “placing himself in a position of conflict of interests” with the Estate.
Therefore, WPC had acted in breach of his duties as an executor and trustee.
The plaintiff complains that the Executors had not performed their duties
reasonably. The plaintiff further alleges that the Estate is likely to suffer
further prejudice if WPC remains an executor because he is said to have assets
jointly held with the Estate. This allegation is found in the affidavit of 24
March 2009 by “A” (YLL’s second daughter), in the 2006 Australian Proceedings.
The plaintiff asks for an order revoking the probate granted to the Executors,
and for him to be appointed as the administrator of YLL’s estate, in
substitution for the Executors.

6 HCF/SUM 143/2023 was an application for specific discovery of those assets
that WPC jointly holds with the Estate. In particular, the plaintiff asks for
any and all documents related to the following extract of WPC’s pleading:

…The 2nd Defendant avers that the parties’ father had gifted shares in a Hong
Kong company which had invested in properties in China to the 2nd Defendant
when he was still alive, and as such these shares do not fall under the
Estate…

7 The plaintiff says that it was common ground that the patriarch had invested
in commercial and retail properties in China prior to his death (the “China
Property Interests”) and that YLL had inherited a share of those interests
upon WKM’s death. Hence, the requested documents have direct relevance to
WPA’s claims concerning the China Property Interests — in the sense that:

(a) the Estate will be prejudiced by WPC continuing as executor while holding
joint property with the Estate, and

(b) that the Executors have been tardy in the conduct of their duties, insofar
as WPC already having knowledge of the Estate’s assets.

8 WPC disagrees and says that the documents sought are not relevant to the
present action. According to WPC, since the shares in the Hong Kong company
were given by WKM to him in or around 1993, before his death in 1999, the
shares belong to WPC solely, and did not form part of WKM’s estate — and
therefore did not pass on to YLL and her Estate.

9 It is trite that the two elements of specific discovery are that of
relevance and necessity (EQ Capital Investments Ltd v Sunbreeze Group
Investments Ltd and others [2017] SGHCR 15 at [46(c)]; UMCI Ltd v Tokio Marine
& Fire Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others [2006] 4 SLR(R) 95 at
[79]). In the present case, I am not persuaded by the plaintiff that the
requested documents are relevant. I accept WPC’s affidavit of 6 June 2023,
that the plaintiff had not raised any issue regarding the China Property
Interests at the time of WKM’s death — nor during the administration of WKM’s
estate, when he had the knowledge of said China Property Interests at that
material time. It was also material that the matriarch, YLL, did not dispute
the ownership of these shares, and did not include them in WKM’s Schedule of
Assets — there is no evidence that YLL claimed any portion of the China
Property Interests as hers. If YLL had “inherited a share in the China
Property Interests, being a beneficiary of 57.5% of his estate”, one would
expect her to have taken steps to transfer the assets to herself — given YLL’s
status as the sole executor and trustee of WKM’s estate, as well as her being
a beneficiary of the alleged China Property Interests. YLL’s inaction in this
regard supports WPC’s position that the China Property Interests did not form
part of WKM’s estate.

10 Given the passage of time and the fact that a Committee of Persons had been
appointed to manage YLL’s affairs sometime in 2007, it seems to me that if YLL
had owned assets jointly with WPC, such as the China Property Interests, the
Committee of Persons would have taken the necessary action. This would be in
line with their challenge to WPC in the 2006 Australian Proceedings, or when
they applied for the Committee of Persons for YLL. In connection with the
China Property Interests, this would be especially so as the plaintiff himself
had pointed out — that A appears to think that WPC held a number of joint
assets with YLL, and A was at the material time a member of the Committee of
Persons.

11 In any event, having been a member of the Committee of Persons himself in
2007, and having had access to A’s affidavit at the material time it was filed
— it is too late to complain that there may have been issues with YLL’s
inheritance from WKM’s estate without sound reasons — and there are none. If
the plaintiff was unhappy with how YLL’s inheritance from WKM’s estate was
handled, he ought to have acted much earlier, as part of the Committee of
Persons.

12 The basis of the plaintiff’s request for specific discovery was the
allegation that WPC and YLL’s estate jointly owned the China Property
Interests — so that the documents pertaining to the China Property Interests
may become relevant to the present action. Given that I see no proper basis
for the plaintiff to make such an allegation — and in fact, the situation
appears to be quite different from the plaintiff’s version of events, the
documents requested by the plaintiff would not be relevant for the purposes of
the present suit. Accordingly, I dismiss the appeal and uphold the AR’s orders
below.

13 Costs are to be paid by the plaintiff to the 2nd Defendant, and will be
fixed at a later date if parties are unable to agree.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  

Noel John Geno-Oehlers (Characterist LLC) for the plaintiff;  
James Ch’ng Chin Leong (A.Ang, Seah & Hoe) for the second defendant;  
Marcus Chia Hao Jun (Wee Swee Teow LLP) for the first defendant (watching
brief);  
Connie Kuan (Unilegal LLC) for the third and fourth defendants (watching
brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Aug 2023 (15:43 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

