Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 223

Suit No 572 of 2021 (Summons No 669 of 2023)

Between

| Riviera Co., Ltd.  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Toshio Masui  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Pleadings — Amendment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Riviera Co, Ltd

  
v

  

Toshio Masui

[2023] SGHC 223

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 572 of 2021 (Summons No 669 of
2023)  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
3 July 2023

16 August 2023

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 Applying to amend one’s defence is often important to ensure that the real
issues in controversy between the parties are determined, especially if the
process of litigation, including discovery, brings to light new facts.
However, it may sometimes be little more than a belated attempt to prolong
litigation and postpone judgment. The latter was the case here, and I
dismissed the defendant’s application to amend to introduce a new defence
filed after the plaintiff had succeeded via a combination of a trial on
preliminary issues and a striking out application in defeating the defendant’s
pleaded defences to the plaintiff’s action herein. It was plain to me that the
proposed amendment was as unsustainable as, and in large measure a
paraphrasing of, its already struck out defence.

2 On 28 July 2023, the defendant appealed against my dismissal of his
application to amend, and these grounds of decision explain why I dismissed
it.

Facts

The parties

3 The plaintiff is Riviera Co, Ltd, a Japanese company. On 1 April 2021, the
plaintiff succeeded to all the rights and obligations of another Japanese
company, Aoi Corporation, by what is known as an absorption merger. Aoi
Corporation bought, sold and leased real estate and also brokered real estate
transactions. The defendant is a Toshio Masui, a Japanese national. I will
refer to the parties respectively as Riviera Co and Mr Masui. Mr Masui is the
founder and representative of Orange Grove Capital Management Pte Ltd, a real
estate company incorporated in Singapore (“Orange Grove Capital”).

Background to the dispute

4 This action was for the enforcement of a foreign final and binding monetary
judgment granted by the Tokyo District Court on 6 February 2020 and upheld by
the Tokyo High Court on 22 October 2020. Mr Masui did not appeal further. The
Tokyo District Court judgment was granted in respect of a loan agreement dated
16 January 2015 (“the Loan Agreement”).

Procedural history

5 This action was commenced on 1 July 2021. There were two amendments made by
Riviera Co in respect of its name. Mr Masui raised two defences. One was that
under Japanese law certain formal notice and certification requirements had
not been met and hence the Tokyo judgments were not enforceable by Riviera Co
(“the first defence”). The second was that the Tokyo District Court judgment
had been procured by fraud and/or its enforcement would be contrary to public
policy (“the second defence”).

6 On 30 January 2023, I heard the trial of the first defence as a preliminary
issue. Experts in Japanese law testified and were cross-examined. I ruled in
favour of Riviera Co. On the same day, I heard Riviera Co’s application to
strike out the second defence, and I again ruled in Riviera Co’s favour. There
was no appeal from my decision.

7 In striking out the second defence, I recorded the following:

I strike out paragraph 15 of the Defence (Amendment No 2) on the ground that
the allegations relied on are contrary to the facts found in the decisions of
the Tokyo Courts. Further, the defendant has withdrawn his allegation that the
judgment was obtained by fraud. Insofar as the defendant has contended that
the judgment is contrary to the public policy of Singapore because it enforces
a contract that was a fraud upon MAS even though a valid contract this is not
what is pleaded in paragraph 15. What is pleaded is that the judgment is
contrary to public policy because the contract it enforces was obtained by
misrepresentation etc a defence which was rejected by the Tokyo courts.

The defendant has indicated he wishes to file an application to amend the
defence to insert a defence of deception of MAS by himself and the plaintiff
and this course of action is not precluded by my order striking out paragraph
15 as it stands. If he wishes to file such an application he should do so
within a time to be limited, for the fixing of which I will hear defendant’s
counsel shortly. Thereafter, directions may be given for the further conduct
of proceedings so as to bring them to an end.

[emphasis added]

8 Thus, at the hearing on 30 January 2023, I was ready to enter judgment
against Mr Masui pursuant to Rules of Court O 18 r 19(1) (2014 Rev Ed), and
would do so unless Mr Masui filed an application to amend within the time
granted to him and in due course obtained leave to amend. After hearing
counsel, I directed that any amendment application be filed by 20 February
2023. I later extended this to 13 March 2023, when this amendment application
was filed. The new defence had two limbs:

(a) the underlying cause of action was to enforce a contract to deceive the
Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”); and

(b) the underlying cause of action was to enforce a contract which was not
unlawful per se but entered into with the object of committing an illegal act.

9 The proposed amendment read in full as follows:

The Defendant avers that the enforcement of the Judgment should not be allowed
as its underlying cause of action was to enforce a contract which is contrary
to the public policy of Singapore. The underlying cause of action in the
Judgment was to enforce a contract to deceive public authorities.
Alternatively, the underlying cause of action in the Judgment was to enforce a
contract which was not unlawful per se but entered with the object of
committing an illegal act.

Particulars

(a) Around early 2015, Aoi Corporation was working with Orange Grove on a
project called “Project Qualia”, which was a resort development project
centred on Japanese-themed luxury membership hotels.

(b) Aoi Corporation had substantial control over Orange Grove as Aoi
Corporation was the primary financier for Orange Grove and Project Qualia. Aoi
Corporation effectively controlled the board of directors of Orange Grove. At
the time, Orange Grove had three directors – the Defendant, one Mr Go Okazaki
(“Mr Okazaki”) and Mr Watanabe Kobayashi (a representative from Aoi
Corporation). In most board decisions, Mr Okazaki deferred to Aoi Corporations
as Aoi Corporation was the primary financier for Orange Grove.

(c) Around January 2015, Orange Grove was advised by its lawyers and the MAS
that a capital injection of S$3,500,000 would be required to meet the Base
Capital requirement of S$250,000 for a CMS License, and that Orange Grove
would be required to maintain a Base Capital of S$250,000 at all times.

(d) The alleged Loan Agreement was orchestrated by Aoi Corporation as part of
a series of related transactions (including an injection JPY320,000,000 by Aoi
Corporation into Orange Grove in January 2015) to deceive the Monetary
Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) that there would be sufficient assets to meet
and maintain a base capital requirement of S$250,000 imposed by MAS in order
for Orange Grove to obtain a capital markets services license (“CMS License”)
from the MAS.

(e) However, Aoi Corporation never intended for Orange Grove to maintain the
Base Capital of S$250,000 required by MAS, and caused Orange Grove to give
deceptive statements to the MAS stating that Orange Grove would maintain the
Base Capital of S$250,000 required by MAS.

(f) This is an offence under Section 92 of the Securities and Futures Act 2001
as Aoi Corporation caused Orange Grove to give false and/or misleading
statements that Orange Grove would maintain the Base Capital of S$250,000
required by MAS.

(g) This is also an offence under Section 97C of the Securities and Futures
Act 2001 as Aoi Corporation knew that the arrangements related to the alleged
Loan Agreement were insufficient for Orange Grove to meet its obligation of
maintaining the Base Capital of S$250,000 required by MAS.

(h) Orange Grove in fact breached its obligation to maintain the Base Capital
in March 2015. In March 2015, Orange Grove’s base capital fell to S$17,022,
and Orange Grove failed to satisfy the base capital and financial resources
requirements prescribed under the Securities and Futures (Financial and Margin
requirements for Holders of Capital Markets Services Licences) Regulations.

10 The proposed amendment differed from that foreshadowed on 30 January 2023
in that Mr Masui did not aver that he too was a party to the alleged deception
of MAS. Instead, all blame was placed on Aoi Corporation, who was alleged to
have effective control over Orange Grove Capital even though it nominated only
one member of the board, a board which comprised two others including Mr
Masui. The proposed amendment avers knowledge and intention only on Aoi
Corporation’s part: see particulars (e) and (g).

Applicable law

11 This application was made under O 20 r 5 of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev
Ed), which is the edition of the Rules of Court applicable to this matter.
That provision gives the court the discretion to “at any stage of the
proceedings allow… any party to amend his pleading, on such terms as to costs
or otherwise as may be just…”.

12 After my decision in this matter, Goh Yihan JC released his judgment in a
matter under the Rules of Court 2021 concerning an application to amend sought
after entry of summary judgment in the case of Wang Piao v Lee Wee Ching
[2023] SGHC 216. In that judgment, he undertook a comprehensive survey of the
case law, and at [40] formulated the following three stage framework:

(a) First, the court should determine the stage of proceedings at which the
amendments are sought. This would affect how the general principles apply.
More broadly, the later an application is made, the stronger would be the
grounds required to justify it.

(b) Second, the court should consider whether the amendments sought would
enable the real question or issue in controversy between the parties to be
determined. It is relevant to consider whether the application is made in good
faith, and whether the proposed amendments are material.

(c) Third, the court should consider whether it is just to allow the
amendments, by assessing, eg, whether the amendments would cause any prejudice
to the other party which cannot be compensated in costs, and whether the
applying party is effectively asking for a second bite of the cherry.

13 At [41(b)], Goh JC amplified materiality as follows:

… When considering whether the proposed amendments are material, the applying
party must establish that there is a fair or reasonable probability that the
pleadings disclose a bona fide defence.

14 Goh JC’s judgment provides a helpful overview and synthesis of the case
law. I would add to his identification of the inverse relationship between
stage of proceedings and the court’s readiness to grant amendments the
following gloss. This inverse relationship is explained by the operation of
two complementary factors, one concerning the public interest in fair access
to justice and the other the balance to be struck between the private
interests of the parties. Fair access to justice means that litigants should
not be punished for mistakes in their pleadings and should be given the
opportunity to amend them where the other party can be compensated for any
prejudice by an award of costs and grant of additional time or other
consequential directions. But at the same time, judicial resources are scarce,
which means that litigants should exercise reasonable diligence and bring
forward their cases or defences at the appropriate stage of proceedings. As
for the balance of private interests, the inconvenience and strain on the
other party caused by an amendment worsens the later an amendment is sought.
When an amendment is sought only after the original claim or defence has
proved unsustainable, then the party seeking the amendment has a considerable
burden of explanation concerning why it was not sought earlier.

15 Returning to the question of materiality, “leave to amend a defence should
not be granted where the amendment raises no reasonable defence to the claim”:
per the Court of Appeal in Lim Yong Swan v Lim Jee Tee and another [1992] 3
SLR(R) 940 at [43].

Reasons for my decision

16 This application to amend was brought after trial of Mr Masui’s first
defence as a preliminary issue and after striking out of his second defence.
It was filed about 21 months after the proceedings in Singapore began, about
40 months after the Tokyo District Court judgment and about eight years after
the original transaction. The significance of this was that Mr Masui had had
ample time to consider together with his advisers what his defences to
liability might be, and that his delay in making the application raised the
question of whether he was choosing to raise defences in a piecemeal fashion
for purposes of delay. This in turn raised the question of his bona fides. Mr
Masui provided no proper explanation for his delay. Allowing an amendment at
this late stage would undoubtedly prejudice Riviera Co, who as a foreign
judgment creditor has been entitled to the fruits of its judgment for more
than three years.

17 Given the lateness of the application, and the lack of proper explanation
for the delay, as well as the prejudice to Riviera Co, I considered it all the
more important to scrutinise the viability of the proposed defence closely.

18 In my judgment, the proposed amendment failed to raise any reasonable
defence. This was first because on its face it did not implicate or impugn the
Loan Agreement itself. It did not plead that the Loan Agreement was a sham
drawn up to deceive MAS or that the loan was not in fact made. Rather it made
allegations concerning Aoi Corporation’s motivations and intentions in respect
of maintaining the base capital requirement of S$250,000. These allegations
raised at most a collateral matter which it would be for MAS to investigate
and consider whether any offence was committed by Riviera Co under s 97C of
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Rev Ed) (“Securities and Futures Act
2001”). Mr Masui’s counsel candidly confirmed that MAS has taken no action.

19 Secondly, even if the proposed amendment had averred that the Loan
Agreement was a sham or the loan not made, such an averment would be precluded
by the findings of the Tokyo District Court which are binding on parties (Mr
Masui having given up on or failed in any defence that its judgment was
procured by fraud). The Tokyo District Court had already held that the Loan
Agreement was entered into and the loan disbursed (albeit with the flow of
funds being directly to Orange Grove Capital), and its judgment was upheld by
the Tokyo High Court. The Tokyo High Court also held that the Loan Agreement
was “valid and its intent was not falsely expressed”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Yasuhiro Watanabe’s 1st Affidavit dated 27 September 2021 at Exhibit “YW-7”, p
89.

It followed from these findings that the Loan Agreement itself was not “a
contract to deceive public authorities”.

20 Turning to the alternative ground that it was a lawful contract entered
into with the object of committing an illegal act, there was no clear pleading
of how the entry into the Loan Agreement and the disbursement of the loan
would be tied to the commission of an illegal act. Logically, there was no
link. The Loan Agreement stood in the background rather than as part of any
scheme to deceive, even if there was such a scheme. Even if the plaintiff
“knew that the arrangements related to the alleged Loan Agreement were
insufficient for Orange Grove [Capital] to meet its obligation of maintaining
the Base Capital of S$250,000 required by MAS” this did not mean that the Loan
Agreement had the object of causing Orange Grove Capital to fail to meet the
capital requirement or of disguising Orange Grove Capital’s failure to meet
the capital requirements.

21 This analysis was strengthened by Mr Masui’s change of position since the
hearing on 30 January 2023. Contrary to what was suggested he would do at that
hearing, the proposed amendment did not include any averment that Mr Masui
shared the object of causing or disguising Orange Grove Capital’s failure to
meet capital requirements. This means that at the time when he received the
loan, Mr Masui must be taken to have understood his obligations under the Loan
Agreement, including to repay the loan at the end of its term.

22 Counsel for Mr Masui cited the Court of Appeal decision in Ochroid Trading
Ltd and another v Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import & Export) and another
[2018] 1 SLR 363, at [35], describing the “broad and general category of
contracts illegal at common law comprising contracts which are not unlawful
per se but entered into with the object of committing an illegal act. This
category depends on the intention of one or both of the contracting parties to
break the law at the time the contract was made” [emphasis in original
omitted].

23 The illegal act was pleaded to be that Aoi Corporation “caused Orange Grove
[Capital] to give deceptive statements to the MAS stating that Orange Grove
[Capital] would maintain the Base Capital of S$250,000 required by MAS” in
breach of Section 92 of the Securities and Futures Act 2001. This section
concerns false or misleading statements in connection with applications for
the grant or variation of a capital markets services licence (“CMS Licence”).

24 Mr Masui’s own evidence was that the funds under the Loan Agreement were
paid directly by Aoi Corporation to Orange Grove Capital as a capital
injection in order to obtain the CMS Licence. Orange Grove Capital then used
the funds from the capital injection to repay liabilities it owed to Aoi
Corporation. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Toshio Masui’s 3rd Affidavit dated 19 September 2022, paras 16, 20 and 21.

This could not be said to have been an illegal object of the entry into the
Loan Agreement. Indeed, shareholders’ injecting equity which is then used to
pay off liabilities of the company is a commonplace method of improving a
company’s liquidity and solvency.

25 A further point was that Mr Masui’s original plea by his second defence
included the contention that the Loan Agreement was “illegal and
unenforceable”. This plea was struck out by me on 30 January 2023 as being
unsustainable. I agreed with Riviera Co’s counsel that much of the proposed
amendment was a paraphrase of Mr Masui’s second defence and unsustainable for
the same reasons.

Conclusion

26 While I did not consider the application to amend as in itself an abuse of
process, I concluded that it was a last-gasp grasping at a straw that was
insufficient to keep the defence afloat.

27 For these reasons, I dismissed Mr Masui’s application to amend his defence
and proceeded to enter judgment as foreshadowed on 30 January 2023.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
---|---  
  
Tan May Lian, Felicia and Goh Enchi, Jeanne (TSMP Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff;

Eoon Zizhen, Benedict (Wen Zizhen) and Daren Kim Chang Jin (Oon & Bazul LLP)
for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Aug 2023 (12:51 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

