Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCR 1

Suit No 624 of 2020 (Summons No 2377 of 2022)

Between

(1)| TA Private Capital Security Agent Limited  
---|---  
(2)| TransAsia Private Capital Limited  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| UD Trading Group Holding Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Rutmet Inc  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Pleadings — Striking out]

[Credit and Security — Guarantees and indemnities]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TA Private Capital Security Agent Ltd and another

  
v

  

UD Trading Group Holding Pte Ltd and another

[2023] SGHCR 1

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 624 of 2020 (Summons No 2377 of
2022)  
AR Desmond Chong  
9 January, 16 January 2023

30 January 2023

AR Desmond Chong:

Introduction

1 This was the plaintiffs’ application to strike out the entirety of the
defences of the first and second defendant (“D1” and “D2” respectively) in
HC/S 624/2020 (“Suit 624”) and for there to be judgment against D1 for the sum
of USD 63,303,806.66 (the “USD 63.3m sum”). The plaintiff’s case was that D1’s
liability for the USD 63.3m sum arose from a contract titled “Guarantee”,
which was entered into between D1 and D2 on 15 April 2019 (the “Guarantee”).
Under clauses 3.1.1 and 3.1.2 of the Guarantee, D1 guaranteed the payment of
monies by its subsidiaries to D2 for the supply of metal and metal products by
D2 to D1’s subsidiaries. Under clause 3.2 of the Guarantee, D1 “irrevocably
and unconditionally” provided a “separate and independent” obligation, as
“sole or principal debtor”, to pay D2 “on demand” any amounts not recoverable
on the footing of a guarantee. The present claim was brought by the plaintiffs
instead of D2 because the latter had purportedly assigned its rights under the
Guarantee to the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs did not bring any claims against
D2.

2 Central to this application was the plaintiffs’ prayer for a declaration
that the Guarantee was an “on demand performance guarantee”. The nature of the
Guarantee was a key issue because, under an on demand performance guarantee,
the obligor (in this case, D1) is (a) liable as a primary debtor to the
obligee (in this case, the plaintiffs), (b) the obligor’s liability is not
affected by the validity of the underlying obligation, and (c) the obligor’s
liability to pay is triggered upon a simple demand by the obligee. On the
other hand, if the Guarantee were a simple guarantee, (a) the guarantor would
be liable as a secondary debtor, such that its liability would be contingent
upon the principal debtor’s failure to perform its underlying obligation
guaranteed by the guarantor, and (b) the guarantor would not be liable if the
underlying obligation were void, unenforceable, or ceased to exist.

3 This was relevant in the present case because D1 did not challenge the
validity of the Guarantee. Nor did D1 deny that the USD 63.3m sum was owed by
its subsidiaries to D2. Instead, D1’s defence hinged on two securities –
referred to as the “GEM Security” and the “Hangji Security” at [10(c)] below –
that were not related to the Guarantee or the underlying obligations
guaranteed. Rather, these two securities were pledged by D1’s subsidiaries to
the plaintiffs under a separate loan agreement. D1’s defence was that the
plaintiffs’ improper enforcement of these securities resulted in there being
no outstanding sums owed under the Guarantee. Alternatively, D1 submitted that
it can set off the two securities against the USD 63.3m sum. The defendants
also sought to challenge the assignment of D2’s rights under the Guarantee to
the plaintiffs.

4 It was well established that the threshold for striking out is high, and
pleadings should not be struck out except in plain and obvious cases (see the
Court of Appeal’s decision in Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee
Chong Jin and others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [18]). When a court is faced with
a USD 63.3 million claim and numerous defences raised by the defendants, the
instinctive response may be to quickly conclude that the matter was not a
“plain and obvious” one for the defences to be struck out. However, there was
no general principle that a large claim must necessarily proceed to trial, or
that a multi-pronged defence, even if baseless, should not be struck out. When
a court is reviewing a striking out application, the court’s duty is not to
simply undertake a quantitative exercise to determine if the size of the claim
is large or if the number of defences are high. The court’s duty is to review
the parties’ cases, even on a summary basis, to determine if the pleadings are
so clearly unmeritorious that they raise no triable issue and ought to be
struck out.

5 In this case, having reviewed the parties’ pleadings and submissions, I
agreed with the plaintiffs that this case was a straightforward claim brought
against D1 to claim for liabilities owed under the clear terms of the
Guarantee. As the plaintiffs rightly pointed out, the parties’ submissions
were only lengthy because the defendants took a blunderbuss approach to their
defences. Upon a review of the parties’ pleaded cases, I found that the
defendants’ defences were wholly contrary to the plain text of the relevant
contracts. Consequently, I struck out the defendants’ defences and granted
judgment in the USD 63.3m sum in favour of the plaintiffs against D1. As the
defendants have appealed against my decision, I now set out the detailed
grounds of my decision.

Background facts

Parties

6 I first set out the relevant parties and key facts. The second plaintiff,
Transasia Private Capital Limited (“P2”), is a company incorporated in Hong
Kong. P2 is a fund manager that managed Asian Trade Finance Fund 2 (“ATFF2”).
P1 is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and is the security
agent for P2.

7 D1 is a company incorporated in Singapore while D2 is a company incorporated
in Ontario, Canada. D1 is in the business of trading metals. D1’s subsidiaries
that were relevant to this application were UIL Commodities DMCC, UIL Hong
Kong Limited (“UIL HK”), and UIL Singapore Pte Ltd (“UIL SG”), and UIL
Malaysia Limited (“UIL MY”) (collectively, the “UIL Subsidiaries”). I shall
refer to D1 and the UIL Subsidiaries collectively as the “UD Group”. D2 sold
metal and metal products to the UIL Subsidiaries.

8 D2 was originally named the third plaintiff in Suit 624 by the plaintiffs.
After D2 brought an application in HC/SUM 3114/2021 for leave to discontinue
or stay Suit 624, an Assistant Registrar granted D2 leave to discontinue the
suit as the third plaintiff but required D2 to be the second defendant
therein. It was on this basis that D2 filed a defence to the suit to respond
to the plaintiffs’ pleadings, even though the plaintiffs did not bring any
substantive claim against D2 in the suit.

9 D2’s metal suppliers which were relevant to this application are Triton
Metallix Pte Ltd (“Triton”) and API International FZC (“API”) (collectively,
the “Metal Suppliers”).

Three loans

10 There were three relevant loan arrangements raised by the parties:

(a) ATFF2 Loan between P2 and D2: The first loan arrangement was an
uncommitted revolving trade finance facility of up to USD 60 million provided
by P2 to D2, which was entered into on 24 May 2019 and set out in a facility
agreement (the “Facility Agreement”). The plaintiffs referred to this as the
ATFF2-Rutmet Loan in their submissions while D1 referred to it as the
ATFF2-Rutmet FA in its submissions. I shall refer to this loan arrangement as
the “ATFF2 Loan”.

(b) ATFF1 Loan between D2 and Cantrust (Far East) Limited: The second loan
arrangement was raised by D2. This was a facility agreement dated 28 June 2017
and entered into between D2 and Cantrust (Far East) Limited (“Cantrust”), the
trustee of the Asian Trade Finance Fund. I shall refer to this loan
arrangement as the “ATFF1 Loan”. Cantrust’s rights and obligations under the
ATFF1 Loan were subsequently transferred to P2 pursuant to a declaration of
trust dated 30 May 2014 between Cantrust and P2. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

D2’s Defence dated 1 March 2022 (“D2’s Defence”) at [7(a)].

(c) UD Loan between plaintiffs and two of D1’s subsidiaries: The third loan
arrangement was raised by D1. This was a loan arrangement provided by the
plaintiffs to UIL MY and UIL SG under two separate facility agreements. D1
referred to this as the SBD-UDTG Facility in its defence. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

D1’s Defence dated 17 February 2022 (“D1’s Defence”) at [21(e)].

The plaintiffs and D1 referred to this as the UD Loan in their written
submissions. I shall refer to this as the “UD Loan”. For the UD Loan, the UD
Group provided security in the form of, among others, (i) a pledge of
2,030,500 shares in Hangji Global Limited (“Hangji”), a company listed on a
subsidiary market of the Cyprus Stock Exchange (“Hangji Security”); (ii) a
pledge of all shares in Gympie Eldorado Mining Pty Ltd, an Australian company
(“GEM Security”); and (iii) a pledge of all shares in certain UD Group
companies. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Reply to D1 Defence dated 22 March 2022 (“Reply to D1 Defence”) at
[7(a)(iv)(1)].

The ATFF2 Loan and the contracts underlying the Guarantee

11 D2 had obtained financing from P2 via the ATFF2 Loan so that D2 could buy
metal from the Metal Suppliers and sell the metal to the UIL Subsidiaries.
Therefore, after the ATFF2 Loan was provided, D2 entered into sales contracts
with three of the UIL Subsidiaries – UIL Commodities DMCC, UIL HK, and UIL SG
(“Operating Companies”) – to supply them with, among others, copper cathodes
(the “Contracts”). Pursuant to the Contracts, D2 issued commercial invoices to
the Operating Companies (the “Invoices”). The Invoices contained a notice
stating that D2 had assigned, by way of security in favour of P1, all of D2’s
rights under the Contracts. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) dated 22 September 2021 (“SOC Amd 1”) at
[12].

The Guarantee between D1 and D2

12 On 15 April 2019, D1 provided the Guarantee to D2 to guarantee the
Operating Companies’ liabilities to D2 under the Contracts. The reason why D1
provided the Guarantee to D2 was not agreed by the parties. According to D2’s
pleaded defence, D1 provided the Guarantee because Export Development Canada
(“EDC”), an insurance provider, had initially declined to grant trade credit
insurance to UD Group. EDC’s initial refusal to insure the UD Group in turn
caused P2 to be unwilling to grant financing to D2 via the ATFF2 Loan. As a
result, the parties – P2, the defendants, and EDC – negotiated, and EDC
eventually agreed to extend the insurance to the UD Group on two conditions:
(a) that UD Group’s principal, Mr Prateek Vijay Gupta, guarantee the Operating
Companies’ liabilities to D2 up to a limit of USD 30 million, and (b) that D1
guarantee the Operating Companies’ liabilities to D2. According to D2, it was
for this reason that D1 provided the Guarantee to D2, which consequently
caused EDC to provide the insurance to the UD Group, and P2 to provide the
ATFF2 Loan to D2. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

D2’s Defence at [8].

On the other hand, the plaintiffs denied this, and simply stated that D1
provided the Guarantee to guarantee the Operating Companies’ performance under
the Contracts. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC Amd 1 at [4(b)].

Assignment of the Contracts, Invoices and Guarantee from D2 to the plaintiffs

Security Deed, General Security Agreement, and Forbearance Agreement

13 On 22 November 2019, three agreements were entered into between D2 and the
plaintiffs:

(a) a security deed between P1 and D2 (the “SD”);

(b) a general security agreement between P1 and D2 (the “GSA”);

(c) a forbearance agreement between the plaintiffs and D2 (“Forbearance
Agreement”), whereby P2 agreed to forbear from suing D2 for monies disbursed
under the ATFF2 Loan.

14 It was the plaintiffs’ pleaded case that the SD was executed by D2 to
assign its rights under the Contracts, Invoices and the Guarantee to P2, and
the GSA was executed by D2 to assign its rights under the Contracts, Invoices
and the Guarantee to P1. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC Amd 1 at [13] and [14].

The plaintiffs pleaded that the SD and GSA were additional security provided
by D2 after D2 had defaulted on its repayment obligations to P2 under the
ATFF2 Loan. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Reply to D1 Defence at [8(b)].

Consequently, the SD and GSA were executed as conditions precedent to the
Forbearance Agreement, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Reply to D1 Defence at [7(c)(iii)].

and the SD and GSA were not executed as conditions precedent to the ATFF2
Loan. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Reply to D1 Defence at [8(b)].

Notices of assignments of the Contracts and Guarantee from D2 to the
plaintiffs

15 The plaintiffs pleaded that notices of assignment were served by D2 on the
respective Operating Companies to give notice to them that D2 had assigned all
its rights under the Invoices and Contract to the plaintiffs (the “Contract
Assignments”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC Amd 1 at [15].

Similarly, notices of assignment were served by the plaintiffs – in their
capacities as legal or equitable assignees of D2 – on D1 to give notice to D1
that D2 had assigned all of its rights and benefits under the Guarantee to the
plaintiffs. These latter notices of assignment were contained within the
letters of demand sent by the plaintiffs to D1 between 11 October 2019 and 24
January 2020 (see [19] below).

Power of Attorney

16 D2 also granted a power of attorney in favour of the plaintiffs under the
SD (“SD POA”) and another power of attorney in favour of P1 under the GSA
(“GSA POA”) (collectively, the “POAs”). The plaintiffs pleaded that, pursuant
to the SD POA, the plaintiffs were entitled to take steps to enforce D2’s
rights and interests under the Contracts, Invoices and the Guarantee in order
to enforce the security provided by D2 to P2; similarly, pursuant to the GSA
POA, P1 was entitled to take steps to enforce D2’s rights under the Contracts,
Invoices and the Guarantee to enforce the security provided by D2 to P2. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC Amd 1 at [17] and [18].

Amounts owed

17 Between 16 September 2019 and 30 December 2019, D2 defaulted on its
payments to P2 under the ATFF2 Loan. As of 8 January 2020, the total amount
owed by D2 to P2 was USD 54,209,809.43 (“D2’s Outstanding Amount”), which
remains unpaid to date. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC Amd 1 at [20].

Separately, various amounts of monies owed under the Contracts also fell due
and remained outstanding from the Operating Companies to D2 (“Operating
Companies’ Outstanding Amount”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC Amd 1 at [24].

Plaintiffs’ demand on Operating Companies to pay under the Contracts

18 Between 6 December 2019 and 17 January 2020, the plaintiffs made various
demands pursuant to the Contract Assignments for the Operating Companies to
make payment of the Operating Companies’ Outstanding Amount to the plaintiffs
for the satisfaction of D2’s Outstanding Amount. However, the Operating
Companies did not make payment of the Operating Companies’ Outstanding Amount
to the plaintiffs.

Plaintiffs’ demand on D1 to pay under the Guarantee

19 Subsequently, between 11 October 2019 and 24 January 2020, the plaintiffs
issued various letters of demand under the Guarantee in their own capacities
as assignees, or alternatively in their capacities as D2’s attorneys under the
POAs, for D1 to make payment of the Operating Companies’ Outstanding Amount to
the plaintiffs for the satisfaction of D2’s Outstanding Amount. On 24 January
2020, the plaintiffs sent a letter of demand to D1 (“Letter of Demand”) and
demanded that D1 pay the plaintiffs the Operating Companies’ Outstanding
Amount, which stood at the USD 63.3m sum as of 24 January 2020, by 31 January
2020. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC Amd 1 at [26] and [27].

However, D1 has not made payment to date.

Summary of contractual relationships

20 In summary, D2 used the funds provided by P2 via the ATFF2 Loan to pay the
Metal Suppliers for metal and metal products which D2 would then sell to the
Operating Companies under the Contracts. D1, as the Operating Companies’
parent company, provided the Guarantee to D2 to guarantee the Operating
Companies’ payment to D2 under the Contracts. D2 then allegedly assigned its
rights under the Guarantee to the plaintiffs via the SD and GSA. The
plaintiffs then issued the Letter of Demand to D1 on 24 January 2020 to seek
payment from D1 under the Guarantee for the Operating Companies’ liabilities
under the Contracts.

Parties’ pleaded cases in the Suit

Plaintiffs’ statement of claim

21 The plaintiffs pleaded that, as legal or equitable assignees of the
Assignments, or as attorneys under the POAs pursuant to the SD and GSA, D2 had
assigned its rights under the Guarantee to the plaintiffs. Consequently, D1
was liable to pay the USD 63.3m sum which the Operating Companies owed D2
under the Contracts and Invoices.

D1’s defence

22 D1’s defence was not that it had already paid the USD 63.3m sum, whether in
full or in part. D1 did not challenge the validity of the Guarantee or the
Contracts. D1 also did not bring any counterclaims against the plaintiffs.
Instead, D1’s defence centred on other ancillary issues. While D1’s defence
was not organised in a structured manner, its defences can be grouped into
three broad issues.

Hangji Security and GEM Security

23 The first set of defences concerned the Hangji Security and GEM Security.
This defence was referred to as the “Cross-Collaterization Theory” in the
plaintiffs’ submissions. This defence had two alternative limbs. I shall refer
to the two alternative limbs collectively as the “Hangji and GEM Securities
Defence”.

(1) No amount owed under the Guarantee

24 First, D1 claimed that no money was outstanding under the Guarantee because
the plaintiffs already had the benefit of the GEM Security and the Hangji
Security to satisfy the plaintiffs’ claim under the Guarantee. The logic of
this defence seemingly flowed in this manner. The value of the Hangji Security
was estimated to be approximately USD 42 million, while the value of the GEM
Security was estimated to be between USD 38.5 million and USD 65.8 million. It
was allegedly agreed between the plaintiffs and D1 that the GEM Security
and/or Hangji Security would “ostensibly” be in respect of the UD Loan but
that they would also serve as security for the ATFF2 Loan. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

D1’s Defence at [21(g)(iv)].

While all amounts owing under the UD Loan had been settled, the plaintiffs
failed to release the Hangji Security and/or had enforced the GEM Security for
purported defaults under the UD Loan. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

D1’s Defence at [21(h)].

Given that there was no basis to enforce the GEM Security for defaults under
the UD Loan, the plaintiffs’ alleged improper enforcement of the GEM Security
“suffices to satisfy” the plaintiffs’ claims against D1 under the Guarantee,
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

D1’s Defence at [21(i)].

with the result that there were no outstanding sums owed by D1 to the
plaintiffs under the Guarantee. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

D1’s Defence at [21(k)].

(2) Set off

25 Alternatively, even if the GEM Security and Hangji Security were not
intended as security for the ATFF2 Loan, D1 pleaded that it can set off the
USD 63.3m sum claimed under the Guarantee against the value of the GEM
Security and/or Hangji Security. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

D1’s Defence at [22].

Assignment of D2’s rights under the Guarantee

26 The second set of defences pertained to D1’s challenge of the assignment of
D2’s rights under the Guarantee to the plaintiffs. This was on two main bases.

(a) D1 denied that the letters of demand between 11 October 2019 and 24
January 2020 were valid notices of assignment. D1 pleaded that it was a
requirement under clause 12.3 of the Guarantee that D2 provide D1 with a
notice of the assignment, but no such notice was provided. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

D1’s Defence at [15(c)].

(b) D1 also pleaded that D2 was seeking in proceedings in Ontario to discharge
the Forbearance Agreement, the GSA, the SD, and the POAs. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

D1’s Defence at [13(a)] to [13(c)].

Clause 6 of ATFF2 Loan

27 Finally, D1 pleaded that, even assuming that there was a valid assignment
of D2’s rights under the Guarantee to the plaintiffs, the plaintiffs could not
invoke the rights under the Guarantee in respect of D2’s alleged debts owed to
the plaintiffs under the ATFF2 Loan because clause 6 of the Facility Agreement
for the ATFF2 Loan provided that a condition precedent to the ATFF2 Loan was
that the assignment of rights must have been executed with the relevant
notices delivered to the “Approved Buyer” under the ATFF2 Loan. This allegedly
meant that any assignment must have taken place before any monies could have
been drawn down from the facility in order for the assigned security to cover
the monies drawn down. As the SD and/or the GSA were both only entered into on
22 November 2019, any security assigned pursuant to either of these documents
could only be invoked in relation to monies drawn down on or after 22 November
2019. However, the sums purportedly drawn down by D2 in respect of which the
present claim was brought were drawn down between May and July 2019.
Accordingly, D1 pleaded that the plaintiffs could not rely on the benefit of
the Guarantee vis-à-vis those sums. Further in the alternative, even assuming
that the SD and GSA were stand-alone documents from the Facility Agreement, D1
pleaded that the Guarantee assigned in these documents could not cover monies
drawn down before notices of assignments were given to the Approved Buyers. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

D1’s Defence at [13(e)(i)] to [13(e)(iv)] and [13(f)].

I shall refer to this as the “Clause 6 Defence”.

D2’s defence

28 D2’s defence sought to challenge the assignment of its rights under the
Guarantee to the plaintiffs. This was on the following basis. D2 allegedly
agreed with the plaintiffs that the plaintiffs would, instead of remitting the
monies drawn down under the ATFF1 Loan to Cantrust and that under the ATFF2
Loan to D2, remit the monies directly to the Metal Suppliers to pay for the
supply of metal and metal products purchased by D2 (the “alleged Payment
Agreement”), but the plaintiffs did not do so. The plaintiffs allegedly
thereby breached the facility agreements under the ATFF1 Loan and ATFF2 Loan.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

D2’s Defence at [7(a)(i)] and D2’s further and better particulars dated 9 May
2022 at [1.3].

29 Under the terms of the Forbearance Agreement, P2 agreed to forbear from
exercising its rights and remedies in respect of a debt owed by UIL HK, which
became due upon UIL HK being wound up by the High Court of Hong Kong on or
around 2 September 2019 (the “UIL HK Debt”). The failure to pay this purported
debt amounted to an “Event of Default” under the terms of the ATFF2 Loan. In
exchange for P2’s forbearance, D2 agreed to, among other things, enter into
the GSA and execute the SD. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

D2’s Defence at [9(b)].

However, in proceedings in Ontario brought by the Metal Suppliers against D2,
the Metal Suppliers claimed that they have not received any payment for the
sale of metals and metal products to D2, which payments should have, according
to D2, been received directly from the plaintiffs. This meant that no UIL HK
Debt was due and owing, as no such monies had been paid by the plaintiffs to
the Metal Suppliers to finance D2’s purchase of metals and/or metal products
from the Metal Suppliers that were sold to UIL HK. There was therefore no
reason for the plaintiffs and D2 to have entered the Forbearance Agreement
and, consequently, no reason for D2 to have entered the GSA with the
plaintiffs or to have executed the SD in their favour. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

D2’s Defence at [9(b)].

D2’s defence was referred to as the “Non-Payment Theory” in the plaintiffs’
submissions.

Brief procedural history

30 Suit 624 was commenced on 9 July 2020. Some 2.5 years later, the matter had
still not been heard at trial. This was because the progress of Suit 624 was
delayed by multiple interlocutory applications brought by the defendants
seeking to stay Suit 624. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

HC/SUM 3537/2020 (and the Registrar’s Appeal in HC/RA 138/2021 and D1’s
application for leave to appeal to the Appellate Division of the High Court in
AD/OS 51/2021); HC/SUM 1616/2021; HC/SUM 3114/2021; as well as HC/SUM
4702/2021 (and the Registrar’s Appeal in HC/RA 350/2021).

The defendants have also brought various proceedings in Ontario, including the
following:

(a) Ontario proceedings brought by D1: D1 commenced proceedings against the
plaintiffs on 12 August 2020, shortly after Suit 624 was commenced, to seek to
claim against the plaintiffs for the alleged loss caused to D1 and/or its
subsidiaries by the plaintiff’s alleged improper enforcement of the GEM
Security and/or Hangji Security, and a declaration that no amounts were owed
under the Guarantee. This was referred to as the Ontario UD Action by D1 in
its submissions. However, this action has been permanently stayed. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

D1’s submissions dated 18 November 2022 at [13].

(b) Ontario proceedings brought by D2: D2 commenced proceedings against the
plaintiffs on 14 December 2020 to seek a declaration that the commencement of
Suit 624 under the “power of attorney delivered under the Forbearance
Agreement” was “not properly authorized”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

D2’s Defence at [9(e)].

This was referred to as the Rutmet Ontario Proceedings by the defendants in
their submissions, and as the Ontario Rutmet Action by the plaintiffs in their
submissions. I shall refer to it as the “D2 Ontario Proceedings”. As was noted
by Justice Gilmore in a judgment in Ontario, D2 was prosecuting its claim in
the D2 Ontario Proceedings at a “glacial” pace. This was also noted by the
Appellate Division of the High Court in UD Trading Group Holding Pte Ltd v TA
Private Capital Security Agent Limited and another [2022] SGHC(A) 3 (“UD
Trading Group (AD)”) at [47(b)].

31 Consequently, D1’s defence was only filed on 17 February 2022, some 1.5
years after the statement of claim was first filed. D2’s defence was filed on
1 March 2022, and the plaintiffs’ replies were filed on 22 March 2022. Further
and better particulars were filed by all parties on 9 May 2022 pursuant to the
parties’ requests, and again on 21 June 2022 by D1 pursuant to the court’s
order after an application for further and better particulars was brought by
the plaintiffs. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See HC/SUM 1866/2022.

As such, the present application was only brought on 28 June 2022.

Parties’ submissions in this application

32 In this application, the plaintiffs’ principal submission was that the
Guarantee was an on demand performance guarantee, which meant that D1 was
liable upon the simple demand to pay issued by the plaintiffs on 24 January
2020. Alternatively, the plaintiffs submitted that D1’s and D2’s defences
should be struck out because they were irrelevant, frivolous, inherently
incredible and obviously unsustainable.

33 D1 submitted that the Guarantee was not an on demand performance guarantee,
and that its defences were arguable. D2 also submitted that its defence was
reasonable and not irrelevant, frivolous, or vexatious. D2 did not make any
submissions regarding the nature of the Guarantee.

Applicable legal principles

34 The plaintiffs brought the present application under O 14 r 12 and O 18 r
19 of the revoked Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”).
Therefore, I first set out the applicable principles under these provisions.

O 14 r 12

35 It first bears highlighting that the defendants did not dispute that this
court could determine the nature of the Guarantee in this application. This
flows from O 14 r 12, which provided as follows:

Determination of questions of law or construction of documents (O. 14, r. 12)

12.—(1) The Court may, upon the application of a party or of its own motion,
determine any question of law or construction of any document arising in any
cause or matter where it appears to the Court that —

(a) such question is suitable for determination without a full trial of the
action; and

(b) such determination will fully determine (subject only to any possible
appeal) the entire cause or matter or any claim or issue therein.

(2) Upon such determination, the Court may dismiss the cause or matter or make
such order or judgment as it thinks just.

[emphasis added]

36 The mere fact that a question raises a complex question of law is also not
a bar to summary determination (TMT Asia Ltd v BHP Billiton Marketing AG
(Singapore Branch) [2015] 2 SLR 540 at [33] per Judith Prakash J (as Her
Honour then was)). Indeed, as the plaintiffs pointed out, courts have
routinely determined the question of whether a contract of suretyship is an on
demand performance guarantee in interlocutory applications (see, for instance,
Master Marine AS v Labroy Offshore Ltd and others [2012] 3 SLR 125 (“Master
Marine”), where the Singapore Court of Appeal interpreted whether the contract
in question was on demand performance guarantee in deciding whether to grant
an interim injunction; and IIG Capital LLC v Van Der Merwe and another [2008]
2 All ER (Comm) 1173 (“IIG Capital”), Wuhan Guoyu Logistics Group Co Ltd v
Emporiki Bank of Greece SA [2013] 1 All ER (Comm) 1191 (“Wuhan Guoyu
Logistics”), and Bitumen Invest AS v Richmond Mercantile Ltd FZC [2016] EWHC
2957 (Comm) (“Bitumen”), where the English Court of Appeal (in IIG Capital and
Wuhan Guoyu Logistics) and the English High Court (in Bitumen) respectively
considered that the contracts in question were on demand performance
guarantees and granted summary judgment).

O 18 r 19

37 I next briefly set out the applicable principles on striking out under O 18
r 19(1) of the ROC 2014, which the parties generally did not dispute. That
provision stated as follows:

Striking out pleadings and endorsements (O. 18, r. 19)

19.—(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out
or amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or
anything in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

[emphasis added]

38 The plaintiffs relied on all four limbs of O 18 r 19(1). Under O 18 r
19(1)(a), pleadings may be struck out if they disclose no reasonable cause of
action. A reasonable cause of action is one with some chance of success, when
only the allegations in the pleadings are considered: Madan Mohan Singh v
Attorney-General [2015] 2 SLR 1085 at [20], citing The “Tokai Maru” [1998] 2
SLR(R) 646 at [44]. This follows from O 18 r 19(2), which provided that “[n]o
evidence shall be admissible on an application under” O 18 r 19(1)(a).

39 Under O 18 r 19(1)(b), pleadings may be struck out if they are “scandalous,
frivolous or vexatious”. Allegations that are made needlessly and not related
to the relief sought may be considered scandalous (Singapore Civil Procedure
2021 vol I (Cavinder Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) (“Civil Procedure”)
at para 18/19/11, citing Brooking v Maudslay (1886) 55 L.T. 343). A claim can
be “frivolous or vexatious” if it is “plainly or obviously unsustainable”. An
action is legally unsustainable if “it may be clear as a matter of law at the
outset that even if a party were to succeed in proving all the facts that he
offers to prove he will not be entitled to the remedy that he seeks”. An
action is factually unsustainable if it is “possible to say with confidence
before trial that the factual basis for the claim is fanciful because it is
entirely without substance”, for example, if it is “clear beyond question that
the statement of facts is contradicted by all the documents or other material
on which it is based” (The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 at [32]–[33] and
[39]).

40 O 18 r 19(1)(c) contemplates unnecessary pleadings that tend to prejudice,
embarrass, or delay the fair trial of the action (Civil Procedure at para
18/19/13, citing Knowles v Roberts (1888) 38 Ch D 263 at 270).

41 Under O 18 r 19(1)(d) and under the inherent jurisdiction of the court,
pleadings may be struck out if they are an abuse of the court process. This
could include: (a) proceedings which involve a deception on the court or
constitute a mere sham; (b) proceedings where the process of the court is not
being fairly or honestly used, but is employed for some ulterior or improper
purpose; or (c) proceedings which are manifestly groundless, are without
foundation, or serve no useful purpose (Chee Siok Chin and others v Minister
for Home Affairs and another [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 at [34] and [36]).

42 Finally, the following guidance from Bank Negara Malaysia v Mohd Ismail
[1992] 1 MLJ 400, endorsed by Judith Prakash J (as Her Honour then was) in M2B
World Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko [2015] 1 SLR 325 at [19], is
also instructive:

Under an O 14 application, the duty of a judge does not end as soon as a fact
is asserted by one party, and denied or disputed by the other in an affidavit.
Where such assertion, denial or dispute is equivocal, or lacking in precision
or is inconsistent with undisputed contemporary documents or other statements
by the same deponent, or is inherently improbable in itself, then the judge
has a duty to reject such assertion or denial, thereby rendering the issue not
triable. … [emphasis added in M2B]

43 While M2B concerned summary judgment, the general principle espoused in the
foregoing extract is equally applicable to a striking out application, as both
types of applications concerned interlocutory applications seeking to
summarily dispose of a claim. This was especially so in the present case, as
the plaintiffs sought to strike out the entirety of the defendants’ defences
and to enter judgment against D1.

Issues

44 Accordingly, the following issues arose for this court’s determination:

(a) First, was the Guarantee an on demand performance guarantee? If so, D1 was
liable to the plaintiffs upon a simple demand to pay, and D1’s Hangji and GEM
Securities Defence and the Clause 6 Defence would be irrelevant and should be
struck out.

(b) Second, if the Guarantee was a simple guarantee, was D1’s other defences –
namely, the Hangji and GEM Securities Defence and the Clause 6 Defence –
liable to be struck out?

(c) Third, were the defendants’ defences regarding the assignment of D2’s
rights under the Guarantee to the plaintiffs liable to be struck out?

Issue 1: Was the Guarantee an on demand performance guarantee?

45 I first turn to the issue of whether the Guarantee was an on demand
performance guarantee.

Governing law

46 A preliminary issue was the governing law of the Guarantee, as clause 18.1
of the Guarantee provided that the Guarantee was governed by Ontario law. In
this regard, it was well established that, where foreign law was not proven or
not pleaded, the law of the forum applied by default (Rickshaw Investments Ltd
v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 at [43]). This is a rule of
convenience which the courts may utilise unless it is unjust and inconvenient
to do so (D’Oz International Pte Ltd v PSB Corp Pte Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 267 at
[25]). There may therefore be situations where the court may refuse to presume
that the content of the foreign law is the same as that of the law of the
forum in the absence of proof of foreign law. Case law from other
jurisdictions has considered the following as possibilities: where it is not
in the interest of justice to apply the law of the forum to the issue; where
the foreign law is not based on the common law; where it is inherently
improbable that the foreign law is the same as the law of the forum; and where
fairness requires that the law of the forum should not apply (see the English
High Court’s decision in Balmoral Group Ltd v Borealis (UK) Ltd and others
[2006] All ER (D) 378 at [428]). None of these applied to the present case.

47 In this case, the plaintiffs submitted that Singapore law applied, as the
defendants did not plead or prove Ontario law on any aspect of the Guarantee
other than the issue of set-off. The plaintiffs also submitted that, in any
event, Singapore law and Ontario law, as another common law jurisdiction, were
not materially different on the law of on demand performance guarantees. I
agreed with the plaintiffs. Indeed, both parties cited and relied on Singapore
law to make submissions on the Guarantee’s nature. As such, I will first turn
to consider whether the Guarantee was an on demand performance guarantee under
Singapore law.

Principles on contractual interpretation

48 As the determination of the nature of the Guarantee would depend on an
interpretation of its terms, it is first appropriate to set out the applicable
principles on contractual interpretation in Singapore. In this regard, the
following principles are well established (see the Court of Appeal’s summary
of the principles in Leiman, Ricardo and another v Noble Resources Ltd and
another [2020] 2 SLR 386 at [59]):

(a) The starting point is that one looks to the text that the parties have
used.

(b) At the same time, it is permissible to have regard to the relevant context
as long as the relevant contextual points are clear, obvious and known to both
parties. The court has regard to the relevant context because it then places
itself in “the best possible position to ascertain the parties’ objective
intentions by interpreting the expressions used by the parties in the
[contract] in their proper context”.

(c) The meaning ascribed to the terms of the contract must be one which the
expressions used by the parties can reasonably bear.

49 Therefore, to determine the nature of the Guarantee, the text of the
Guarantee was paramount. In this regard, the court should not excessively
focus on particular phrases or words; the “emphasis is on the document as a
whole” (see the Court of Appeal’s decision in Master Marine at [41(c)], citing
Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction
Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [131]).

Distinction between guarantees, indemnities, and on demand performance
guarantees

50 With the general principles on contractual interpretation in mind, I now
turn to the law pertaining to on demand performance guarantees. An on demand
performance guarantee has also been referred to as a “first demand performance
bond” (Master Marine at [25]), “first demand performance guarantee” (Master
Marine at [30]), “demand guarantee”, or “first demand guarantee”. For ease of
reference, I will adopt the term “on demand performance guarantee” here. One
of the earlier and clearer statements on the law of on demand performance
guarantees can be found in the judgment of the English Court of Appeal in
Marubeni Hong Kong and South China Ltd v Mongolian Government [2005] 1 WLR
2497 (“Marubeni”) at [22] (per Carnwath LJ), citing Chitty on Contracts (H G
Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004) at para 44-014:

A number of cases have involved discussion of the nature of ‘performance
guarantees’ which are, in essence, exceptionally stringent contracts of
indemnity. They are contractual undertakings, normally granted by banks, to
pay or repay, a specified sum in the event of any default in performance by
the principal debtor of some other contract with a third party, the creditor.
An unusual feature of several modern cases has been that the bank's liability
arises on mere demand by the creditor, notwithstanding that it may appear on
the evidence that the principal debtor is not in any way in default, or even
that the creditor is in default under the principal contract. Such guarantees
are sometimes called ‘first demand guarantees’. It has been held that
performance guarantees of this nature are analogous to a bank’s letter of
credit … [emphasis added]

51 Therefore, an on demand performance guarantee is a contractual undertaking
by a person, usually a bank, insurer, or similar commercial provider, to pay a
specified amount of money to a third party on the occurrence of a stated
event, usually the non-fulfilment of a contractual obligation by a principal
debtor to that third party (see also the English High Court’s decision in
Vossloh Aktiengesellschaft v Alpha Trains (UK) Ltd [2011] 2 All ER (Comm) 307
(“Vossloh”) at [28]; and Geraldine Andrews and Richard Millett, Law of
Guarantees (Sweet and Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2015) (“Andrews and Millett”) at para
1-016). An on demand performance guarantee is akin to letters of credit
(Master Marine at [26]; Wuhan Guoyu Logistics at [27], citing Edward Owen
Engineering Ltd v Barclays Bank International Ltd [1978] QB 159 at 171;
Andrews and Millett at para 16-001). Under a confirmed letter of credit, an
issuing bank and a confirming bank are obliged to pay the beneficiary against
a complying presentation of documents (see Kuvera Resources Pte Ltd v JPMorgan
Chase Bank, NA [2022] SGHC 213 at [51]).

52 Furthermore, an on demand performance guarantee is a “stringent” contract
of indemnity (see also Vossloh at [28]; and Andrews and Millett at para
1-016). To that extent, the term “on demand performance guarantee” is a
misnomer. Therefore, it was first crucial to understand the difference between
a guarantee and an indemnity.

53 Guarantees and indemnities are two types of contracts of suretyship. Under
a contract of guarantee (which are also known as “see to it” guarantees (see
Master Marine at [29])), which is entered into between a guarantor and a
creditor, the guarantor guarantees the performance of the obligation of a
third party – the principal debtor – to the creditor. On the other hand, under
a contract of indemnity, a party (the obligor) undertakes directly to the
beneficiary (the obligee) that the obligor would perform a certain obligation.
This indemnity obligation is usually given as security for the performance of
an obligation by another party (Vossloh at [25]).

54 It is well established that there are two principal differences between a
guarantee and an indemnity (see Vossloh at [22] to [26]).

(a) Secondary liability: First, a guarantor’s obligation under a guarantee is
a secondary one, in the sense that it is contingent upon the principal
debtor’s continuing liability and ultimately the principal debtor’s default.
The guarantor is not liable unless and until the principal debtor has failed
to perform his obligation (Master Marine at [29]). On the other hand, under a
contract of indemnity, the liability of the giver of the indemnity is a
primary one, and is not dependent upon the principal debtor’s default.

(b) Principle of co-extensiveness: Second, the fact that the guarantor’s
obligation is secondary means that, if the underlying obligation is void,
unenforceable, or ceases to exist, the guarantor is also discharged from his
obligation under the guarantee. This is known as the principle of co-
extensiveness, as the guarantor’s liability is “co-extensive” with the
principal debtor’s liability. On the other hand, the fact that liability under
an indemnity is a primary one means that the principle of co-extensiveness
does not apply to a contract of indemnity, and the giver of an indemnity is
liable to the creditor even if the underlying obligation between the principal
debtor and the creditor is void, unenforceable, or ceases to exist.

55 An example of an indemnity can be found in the case of Clement v Clement
[1995] Lexis Citation 4562 (“Clement”). In that case, the son stated in a
letter that he would “guarantee” to his parents a company’s payment of
retirement benefits. The “guarantee” provided as such:

By an agreement of even date (‘the Agreement’) between First Fashions Limited
(‘the Company’) and yourselves the Company covenanted to pay certain
retirement benefits. Now I undertake that if the Company or its successors
fail to pay the sums covenanted to be paid by it I or my personal
representatives will pay such sums or so much of them as shall not be paid.
This guarantee shall continue in force until the death of the survivor of you
… For the purposes of this guarantee the liability of the Company shall not be
affected by any restriction modification or variation of the sums covenanted
to be paid by it … [emphasis added]

56 While the letter used the phrase “guarantee”, the English Court of Appeal
in Clement held that the promise contained in the letter was in substance an
indemnity as it “imposed an obligation independent of the continuation of the
Company's liability under the Agreement to pay the Plaintiffs’ pensions if and
to the extent that the Company did not do so.”

57 What, then, was the difference between an on demand performance guarantee
and a simple indemnity? The case law and textbooks did not clearly spell this
out. Nevertheless, it appeared that one difference was that, under an on
demand performance guarantee, liability is triggered upon a simple “demand” by
the obligee to pay, usually upon a presentation of one or more documents as
stipulated in the contract, without reference to the actual existence of the
facts which those documents assert (see Master Marine at [27]; Simic v New
South Wales Land and Housing Corp (2016) 339 ALR 200 at [2] per Robert French
CJ).

58 Furthermore, under the common law, the English courts have devised
evidential presumptions of fact to determine if a document is an on demand
performance guarantee or not.

(a) The English Court of Appeal has held in Marubeni at [30] that, in a
transaction outside the banking context, the absence of language expressly
indicating the creation of an on demand performance guarantee created a strong
presumption against the existence of such an obligation (the “Marubeni
presumption”).

(b) Conversely, English Court of Appeal has also held in Gold Coast Ltd v Caja
de Ahorros del Mediterraneo [2002] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 617 at [16] (and reaffirmed
in Wuhan Guoyu Logistics at [26] to [28]) that the existence of four factors
listed in the textbook, Paget’s Law of Banking, gave rise to a presumption
that the document in question will be construed as an on demand performance
guarantee (“Paget presumption”). These four factors, which I shall refer to
collectively as the “Paget factors”, are where the instrument (a) relates to
an underlying transaction between the parties in different jurisdictions, (b)
is issued by a bank, (c) contains an undertaking to pay “on demand” (with or
without the words “first” and/or “written”) and (d) does not contain clauses
excluding or limiting the defences available to a guarantor.

59 The parties did not cite to me a Singapore case which has endorsed either
the Marubeni presumption or the Paget presumption. I did not need to decide if
the Paget presumption applied in this case, as not all the Paget factors were
present (since the Guarantee was not issued by a bank). I also did not need to
decide if the Marubeni presumption applied in this case – as I will explain in
more detail below, even if it did, I would have found that the presumption was
rebutted in this case (see [96] below).

60 For completeness, it also bears briefly mentioning the “conditional
performance bond”, which is contrasted with the “first demand performance
bond” or “unconditional performance bond” (which are terms that have been used
to refer to an on demand performance guarantee (see [50] above)). A
“conditional performance bond” is conditioned on breach and/or actual loss.
However, a conditional performance bond is not a guarantee, as the bond
issuer’s liability to honour payment on the bond is a primary, rather than
secondary, one (Master Marine at [29]). An on demand performance guarantee may
also be drafted in such a way that a demand can be made subject to the
fulfilment of various conditions (Master Marine at [31]), but this does not
detract from the primary liability of the obligor of the on demand performance
guarantee.

61 Finally, it was also important to note that a contract may not solely be
either a guarantee, an indemnity, or an on demand performance guarantee. In
the modern commercial world, as highlighted by Andrews and Millet at para
1-015, “[a] more common approach, if the language of the contract permits it,
is to treat the contract as giving rise to separate enforceable obligations of
indemnity and guarantee” [emphasis added].

Cases with on demand performance guarantees

62 At this juncture, it is helpful to refer to specific examples of contracts
that have been held to be on demand performance guarantees. There are four
notable cases in this regard, two of which were not in the banking context (so
the Marubeni presumption was found to have rebutted in those cases).

IIG Capital

63 The first case of IIG Capital is the most notable case outside the banking
context where a contract was held to be an on demand performance guarantee. In
that case, Mr and Mrs Van Der Merwe were directors of a company which received
financial assistance from the claimant New York entity. Mr and Mrs Van Der
Merwe each entered into a document described as a “guarantee” with the
claimant. The relevant clauses of the “guarantee” provided as such:

(a) by clause 2.1 of the contract, the guarantor (Mr or Mrs Van Der Merwe)
agreed “as principal obligor … not merely as surety” that “if … the Guaranteed
Moneys are not paid in full on their due date … [the guarantor] will
immediately upon demand unconditionally pay to the Lender the Guaranteed
Moneys which have not been so paid” [emphasis added] (IIG Capital at [31]);

(b) the guaranteed moneys were defined as “all moneys and liabilities … which
are now or may at any time hereafter be due, owing, payable, or expressed to
be due, owing or payable, to the Lender from or by the Borrower” [emphasis
added] (IIG Capital at [31]);

(c) clause 4.2 further provided that a “certificate in writing signed by a
duly authorised officer … stating the amount at any particular time due and
payable by the Guarantor … shall, save for manifest error, be conclusive and
binding on the Guarantor for the purposes hereof” [emphasis added] (IIG
Capital at [32]).

64 Master Teverson gave summary judgment to the claimant. The Van Der Merwes’
appeal to Lewison J was dismissed, and a further appeal to the English Court
of Appeal was also dismissed. Waller LJ, in a judgment with whom the other
Lord Justices of the English Court of Appeal fully agreed with, held that,
while the contract was described as a “guarantee”, “it ultimately depends on
the true construction of the agreement whether a particular label is the right
one to apply to any instrument” (IIG Capital at [7]). Waller LJ emphasised
that “context is important”, and “even minor variations in language plus a
different context can produce different results” (IIG Capital at [20]). Waller
LJ held that the document must be looked at “as a whole”, and “[t]he question
at the end of the day is what on the true language of these deeds of guarantee
did the Van Der Merwes agree” (IIG Capital at [30]).

65 Turning to the text of the contract, Waller LJ first held that the
obligation to pay monies (a) “expressed to be due” (b) “upon demand” (c)
“unconditionally” (d) as “principal obligor not merely as surety” indicated
that the Van Der Merwes “were taking on something more than a secondary
obligation” (IIG Capital at [31]). Second, Waller LJ also held that clause 4.2
put “the matter beyond doubt” as, “[a]part from manifest error, the Van Der
Merwes ha[d] bound themselves to pay on demand as primary obligor the amount
stated in a certificate pursuant to cl 4.2” (IIG Capital at [32]). Therefore,
any presumption against the finding of an on demand performance guarantee due
to the non-banking context was “clearly rebutted” by the language used in the
contract (IIG Capital at [32]).

Bitumen

66 I next turn to the English case of Bitumen, which is another case outside
the banking context. In that case, the claimant, the owner a vessel, entered
into a contract titled “Deed of Guarantee” with the defendant, the parent
company of the bareboat charterer of the vessel, for the defendant to
guarantee the performance of the bareboat charterer’s payment obligations to
the claimant. The claimant applied for summary judgment against the defendant
in respect of sums alleged to be due under a deed of guarantee. The relevant
clauses of the deed provided as follows (Bitumen at [19]):

[A] In consideration of the Owners entering into the Charter with the
Charterers and delivering the vessel thereunder, and for other good and
valuable consideration (the receipt and adequacy of which the Guarantor hereby
acknowledges) the Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees
as primary obligor and not merely as surety the due and proper performance of
all obligations, including payment obligations, which the Charterers incur or
may incur towards the Owners under the Charter (the ‘Guaranteed Obligations’)
and to pay to the Owners on demand all monies as may fall due from the
Charterers to the Owners and to discharge all Guaranteed Obligations or any
part thereof when the same become due for payment or discharge.

…

[C] The Guarantor expressly undertakes to make payment on demand of any amount
certified by Owners by written notice to be due to the Owners as a consequence
of the Charterers not having fulfilled their obligations under the Charter,
within five (5) Business Days after receipt of written notice for payment from
the Owners.

[D] Any payments under this Guarantee shall be made in full, free and clear of
any deductions, withholdings, set-offs or counterclaims of any nature
whatsoever …

[emphasis added]

67 Sir Jeremy Cooke, sitting as a Judge of the English High Court, gave
summary judgment to the claimant. Sir Jeremy held as follows:

(a) The “key feature of the Deed of Guarantee appear[ed] in paragraph C” of
the clause, as the “trigger for payment is the issue of a demand by the Owners
for an amount certified by them, by written notice, as due as a consequence of
[the principal debtor] failing to fulfil its obligations under the Charter”
(Bitumen at [22]). The “certification of any amount as due as a consequence of
non-fulfilment of [the principal debtor’s] obligations must go, inevitably, to
liability since, otherwise, the certification of sums as due is meaningless”
(Bitumen at [23]).

(b) The foregoing point is reinforced by the terms of paragraph D of the
clause, which led to the conclusion that “[p]ayments which are certified by
the [claimant] as due as a consequence of non-fulfilment of obligations by
[the principal debtor] under the Charter fall to be paid, with no defence
available of any kind” [emphasis added] (Bitumen at [24]).

(c) The “unconditional and irrevocable wording in the first line of paragraph
A [did] not really take the matter any further save to emphasise the nature of
the obligation undertaken”, but, “looking at the clause as a whole, there can
… be no doubt as to the objective intention of the parties which was that,
absent fraud which is not alleged here, payment should become due in the
circumstances set out in paragraphs C and D upon the certification made in
accordance with their terms” (Bitumen at [30]).

68 Therefore, Sir Jeremy Cooke held that “the clear objective intention of the
instrument is that payment should be triggered upon certification in
accordance with paragraph C and that there should be no room for defence to
such a certification by reason of the terms of paragraph D, absent fraud”.
Once the demand was made in accordance with paragraph C, the defendant was
liable to pay the sums certified without any deduction of any kind (Bitumen at
[26]).

Wuhan Guoyu Logistics

69 The next English case is Wuhan Guoyu Logistics, which was within a banking
context. In that case, the defendant bank issued a payment guarantee to the
claimants to guarantee certain payments by the buyer owed under a shipbuilding
contract between the claimants and the buyer. The payment guarantee provided
(see Wuhan Guoyu Logistics at [12]):

(1) … we … IRREVOCABLY, ABSOLUTELY and UNCONDITIONALLY guarantee, as the
primary obligor and not merely as the surety, the due and punctual payment by
the BUYER of the 2nd instalment of the Contract Price … as specified in (2)
below.

…

(4) In the event that the BUYER fails to punctually pay the second Instalment
guaranteed hereunder or the BUYER fails to pay any interest thereon, and any
such default continues for a period of twenty (20) days, then, upon receipt by
us of your first written demand stating that the Buyer has been in default of
the payment obligation for twenty (20) days, we shall immediately pay to you
or your assignee the unpaid 2nd Instalment, together with the Interest as
specified in paragraph (3) hereof, without requesting you to take any or
further action, procedure or step against the BUYER or with respect to any
other security which you may hold.

[emphasis added]

70 At the English High Court, Clarke J held that the contract was a
traditional guarantee and not an on demand performance guarantee. The English
Court of Appeal allowed the claimants’ appeal and granted summary judgment in
favour of the claimants. Longmore LJ, in a judgment which the other Lord
Justices of the English Court of Appeal agreed with, made three important
findings.

(a) First, Longmore LJ noted that, while there were six factors in the
contract that could be said to favour a conclusion that the document was a
traditional guarantee, and four factors in the contract that could be said to
lead to the opposite conclusion that the document was an on demand performance
guarantee, it “would be obviously absurd to say that there are six pointers in
favour of the former and only four pointers in favour of the latter and it
must therefore be the former”, as the law “does not permit boxes to be ticked
in this way” (Wuhan Guoyu Logistics at [25]).

(b) Second, Longmore LJ reaffirmed the Paget presumption (see [58(b)] above).

(c) Third, Longmore LJ also cited Paget’s Law of Banking for the observation
that an on demand performance guarantee “can hardly avoid making reference to
the obligation for whose performance the guarantee is security”, as “[a] bare
promise to pay on demand without any reference to the principal’s obligation
would leave the principal even more exposed in the event of a fraudulent
demand because there would be room for argument as to which obligations were
being secured” (Wuhan Guoyu Logistics at [26]).

71 On the facts of that case, the first three Paget factors were present.
While the fourth Paget factor was absent, the English Court of Appeal
nevertheless held that the Paget presumption applied and that the contract was
an on demand performance guarantee (Wuhan Guoyu Logistics at [28] and [31]).

Master Marine

72 I now turn to a Singapore case, Master Marine. In that case, the appellant
and the first respondent entered into an agreement for the former to purchase
and the latter to construct an offshore elevating rig (the “Rig”). The
appellant paid the purchase price in instalments prior to delivery in exchange
for the first respondent procuring “Refund Guarantees” from the second to
fourth respondents (the “Banks”) as security. All the Refund Guarantees
provided that the appellant could make the following written demands on the
Banks for repayment of their advances (Master Marine at [4]):

(a) Clause 3(b) provided that an “Initial Demand” must be made in written form
“stating that the Contract is cancelled or rescinded by the Owner in
accordance with the Contract, which statement shall be final and conclusive”
[emphasis added by the Court of Appeal] (Master Marine at [45]).

(b) The first paragraph of the proviso to clause 3 provided that a “Deferred
Demand” must be made if the rescission was disputed, arbitrated and an award
was granted in the appellant’s favour.

(c) The third paragraph of the proviso to clause 3 (the “New Demand Clause”)
provided that a “New Demand” must be made if either there was delay in the
delivery of the Rig or the arbitration could not reasonably be expected to
conclude 30 Singapore banking days before the expiry date of the subsisting
Refund Guarantees, and the first respondent failed to furnish a
replacement/extended guarantee 14 Singapore banking days before the expiry
date of the subsisting Refund Guarantees. The New Demand Clause provided that
“[the Banks] shall pay the [the appellant] the said sum claimed under the New
Demand immediately upon our receipt of the New Demand irrespective of whether
or not the claim under the New Demand is disputed by the Builder or has been
referred to arbitration or there is an arbitration claim pending” [emphasis
added by the Court of Appeal] (Master Marine at [45]).

73 The Court of Appeal held that, notwithstanding its label, the Refund
Guarantees constituted “first demand performance bonds” (which are also known
as on demand performance guarantees (see [50] above)):

(a) The essence of a guarantee was predication on actual breach by the
creditor. However, the emphasised portion of clause 3(b) of the Refund
Guarantees (at [72(a)] above) made clear that the Banks were not to
investigate the accuracy of the appellant’s assertion of breach. Such was the
characteristic hallmark of a first demand performance bond: immediate payment
eschewing any manner of delving into the merits of the underlying dispute
(Master Marine at [45]).

(b) Under the New Demand Clause, payment will be made whether or not the
appellant was right to say there was a valid rescission (Master Marine at
[45]).

Cases with simple guarantees

74 On the other hand, D1 placed emphasis on two English cases where the courts
held that the contracts in question were not on demand performance guarantees.

Vossloh

75 The first case is the English High Court’s decision in Vossloh. In that
case, which was in a non-banking context, the claimant provided guarantees to
the defendant in respect of the obligations of the claimant’s subsidiary under
a master purchase agreement. Specifically, the contracts provided:

2\. GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY

2.1 In consideration of the Angel Trains Group placing orders under any Call-
Off Notice the Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably as a
continuing obligation and as principal debtor and not merely as surety, as a
separate, continuing and primary obligation:

(a) guarantees to each Beneficiary the due and punctual observance and
performance by each Guaranteed Party of each obligation owed by such
Guaranteed Party to that Beneficiary contained in the Relevant Documents to
which that Guaranteed Party is a party;

(b) guarantees to each Beneficiary the due and punctual payment by each
Guaranteed Party of all of its Secured Obligations;

(c) undertakes with each Beneficiary that whenever a Guaranteed Party does not
pay any of the Secured Obligations as and when the same shall be expressed to
be due, the Guarantor shall forthwith on demand pay such Secured Obligations
which have not been paid at the time such demand is made,

(d) as a separate and independent stipulation, agrees that if any purported
obligation or liability of the Guaranteed Party which would have been the
subject of this Guarantee had it been valid and enforceable is not or ceases
to be valid or enforceable against a Guaranteed Party on any ground whatsoever
whether or not known to any Beneficiary, the Guarantor shall nevertheless be
liable to the relevant Beneficiary in respect of that purported obligation or
liability as if the same were fully valid and enforceable and the Guarantor
was the principal debtor in respect thereof and shall be paid or caused to be
paid by the Guarantor under this Guarantee upon demand; and

(e) as principal obligor and as a separate and independent obligation and
liability, indemnifies each Beneficiary against any losses suffered by it from
time to time in connection with or as a direct or indirect result of the
failure of a Guaranteed Party to duly and punctually perform its terms,
representations and warranties, conditions, covenants and obligations
contained in the Relevant Documents to which it is a party or failure to duly
and punctually pay the Secured Obligations or as a result of the whole or any
part of the Relevant Documents being or becoming void, voidable, unenforceable
or ineffective as against that Beneficiary for any reason whatsoever,
irrespective of whether such reason or any related fact or circumstance was
known or ought to have been known to that Beneficiary …

…

3\. PAYMENTS

3.1 All sums payable hereunder shall be paid on demand to such bank account as
may be specified in any demand made by a Beneficiary hereunder, in immediately
available funds, free of any restriction or condition and free and clear of
and without any deduction or withholding, whether for or on account of tax, by
way of set-off or otherwise, except to the extent required by law …

…

6\. WAIVER OF DEFENCES

6.1 The liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee
shall remain in force notwithstanding any act, omission, neglect, event or
matter whatsoever whether or not known to the Guarantor, any Guaranteed Party
or any Beneficiary (other than the irrevocable payment of the Secured
Obligations to a Beneficiary and the full performance of all obligations
guaranteed hereunder) and the foregoing shall apply, without limitation, in
relation to: …

6.2 Without limiting Clause 6.1, none of the liabilities or obligations of the
Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be impaired by any Beneficiary: …

6.3 The Guarantor hereby waives any right it may have of first requiring a
Beneficiary to proceed against or enforce any other rights or security or
claim payment from any person (including each Guaranteed Party) before
claiming from the Guarantor under this Guarantee.

6.4 Subject to the terms of this Guarantee, and in particular this Clause 6,
the Guarantor shall be entitled to raise such defences which are available to
the Guaranteed Party under the Relevant Document only after the Guarantor has
complied with Clause 2.1 of this Guarantee. However the Guarantor is not
entitled to refuse payment or performance based on this right to reclaim.

…

11\. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

…

11.2 A certificate of a Beneficiary setting forth the amount of any Secured
Obligations not then paid by a Guaranteed Party shall be conclusive evidence
of such amount against the Guarantor in the absence of any manifest error.

76 Sir William Blackburne, sitting as Judge of the English High Court, held
that the contracts were simple guarantees and were not on demand performance
guarantees. Sir William’s reasoning was as follows.

(a) Clause 2 was premised upon the establishment of a failure of performance
(including a failure of payment) under a relevant document (Vossloh at [53]).
Clauses 2.1(a) and 2.1(b) were framed in the “classic language of guarantee”,
that is, “of a secondary obligation triggered upon proof of a breach of
obligation by the principal” (Vossloh at [44]) or “premised upon a failure of
observance or performance of an underlying obligation (in the case of sub-
clause (a)) or of punctual payment under an underlying obligation (in the case
of sub-clause (b)) by a guaranteed party under a relevant document” (Vossloh
at [46]).

(b) Clauses 2.1(d) and 2.1(e) were worded as primary obligations. Clause
2.1(c), although not prefaced by the expression “guarantee” (as clauses 2.1(a)
and 2.1(b) were) had “the appearance of a secondary obligation” as it was
“premised upon a default in payment by ‘a Guaranteed Party’” – the obligation
was “to make good on demand any Secured Obligations which have not been paid
at the time such demand [by the claimant] is made” (Vossloh at [44]).

(c) The opening words of clause 2 were not effective to convert into purely
primary obligations what were otherwise secondary in nature (Vossloh at [45]).

(d) Clause 3.1 did not lend support to the case that the contract was an on
demand performance guarantee (Vossloh at [47]).

(e) Clause 6 also did not lend support to the case that the contract was an on
demand performance guarantee. Clauses 6.1–6.3 contained provisions one would
expect to find in a guarantee. The “pay now, argue later” terms of clause 6.4
pointed to the existence of a secondary rather than to a primary liability.
The clause assumed that the claimant may raise defences which the guaranteed
party could have raised if the demand had been addressed to it, but, if the
claimant’s liability were primary, the fact that the guaranteed party had or
may have a defence to the demand would be immaterial (Vossloh at [48]).

(f) Clause 11.2 was a “conclusive evidence provision” of a kind “commonly seen
in guarantees” (Vossloh at [50]). It also assumed that there was a breach of
the obligation. Its reference to the certificate “setting forth the amount” of
the secured obligation constituting “conclusive evidence … against the
Guarantor in the absence of any manifest error” did not go to the existence of
the breach (that is, liability). Instead, it went only to the quantum of
liability (Vossloh at [50]). In other words, Sir William held that clause 11.2
did not prevent the guarantor from denying liability. Sir William further held
that such conclusive evidence provisions should be strictly construed and any
ambiguity should be resolved in favour of the guarantor (Vossloh at [50] and
[51]).

(g) As the case was outside the banking context, Sir William held that the
Marubeni presumption against construing the contract as an on demand
performance guarantee was not rebutted (Vossloh at [53]).

Carey Value

77 The second English case which D1 relied on is Carey Value Added, S.L. v
Grupo Urvasco, S.A. [2010] EWHC 1905 (Comm) (“Carey Value”). The relevant
terms of the Deed of Guarantee and Indemnity in that case provided as follows
(see Carey Value at [25] and [39]):

(a) Clause 2.1(a) provided: “[The defendant] irrevocably and unconditionally …
guarantees to [the claimant] punctual and complete performance by the Obligors
[Grupo Hotelero Urvasco] of the Guaranteed Obligations”.

(b) Clause 2.1(c) provided: “[The defendant] irrevocably and unconditionally …
undertakes with [the claimant] to be responsible as primary obligor for any
failure by an Obligor to perform, discharge or fulfil for whatever reason any
of the Guaranteed Obligations when due and promptly on demand by [the
claimant] …”

(c) Clause 2.1(d) provided: “[The defendant] irrevocably and unconditionally …
undertakes with [the claimant] to indemnify any of them immediately on demand
against any cost, loss or liability suffered and expenses incurred by [the
claimant] …”

(d) Clause 20.6 provided: “Any certification or determination by [the
claimant] of a rate or amount under any Transaction Document or this deed is,
in the absence of manifest error, conclusive evidence of the matters to which
it relates.”

78 Blair J dismissed the application for summary judgment. Blair J
distinguished IIG Capital and held as follows:

(a) The language of primary and secondary liability is routinely found in the
same contracts, and is not in itself a guide to the content of the liability,
and the mere incorporation of a principal debtor clause will not usually
suffice in itself to determine the nature of the contract (Carey Value at
[22]).

(b) The use of the words “expressed to be” in the definition of “Guaranteed
Monies” in IIG Capital (see [63(b)] above) meant that the definition in IIG
Capital was “appreciably wider than the definition of ‘Guaranteed
Obligations’” in Carey Value (Carey Value at [36]).

(c) By clause 2.1(c) of the Deed of Guarantee and Indemnity, the defendant
undertook to be responsible as primary obligor for any failure of Grupo
Hotelero Urvasco to discharge any of the Guaranteed Obligations when due. This
“tend[ed] to suggest that the guarantor’s liability is the same as that of the
borrower” (Carey Value at [37]).

(d) The language of clause 2.1(d) appeared to be the language of co-extensive
liability, and was not indicative of the unqualified liability which arises
under an on demand performance guarantee (Carey Value at [37]).

(e) The conclusive evidence clause in IIG Capital stated that the certificate
was as to the “amount at any particular time due and payable”. Those words
were missing from clause 20.6. There was a major difference between a
certificate as to “amount” and a certificate as to “amount due and payable”.
Therefore, clause 20.6 only referred to the amount advanced, and not the
amount due (Carey Value at [40]).

Summary of the interpretive approach

79 The foregoing outline of the caselaw shows that the courts’ approach to
interpreting contracts of suretyships is consistent with the principles
outlined at [48] above.

(a) First, it was important to bear in mind that labels were not necessarily
helpful and might even serve to distract. It has been consistently held that
the form and label used to describe a contract of suretyship (whether as
guarantee, indemnity, or as an on demand performance guarantee) was not
conclusive as to the nature of the contract in substance. The core issue was
what was the nature of D1’s obligations under the Guarantee: was the liability
primary or secondary; did the principle of co-extensiveness apply; and was
D1’s liability to pay triggered upon a simple demand by the obligee under the
Guarantee?

(b) Second, when interpreting a contract of suretyship, the text of the
contract was paramount.

(c) Third, to interpret the nature of the obligations under the contract, the
contractual clauses cannot be read in isolation. The document as a whole had
to be interpreted, and the court should not be simply undertaking a
quantitative, box-ticking exercise to determine the number of factors in
favour or against the interpretation of the document as an on demand
performance guarantee (see [70(a)] above).

(d) Fourth, while there was a “strong presumption” under the common law
against the existence of an on demand performance guarantee outside the
banking context if the contract did not expressly label it as an on demand
performance guarantee, one must be careful not to overstate the effect of that
presumption. Ultimately, an evidential presumption of fact simply shifts the
burden of proof to another party to rebut the presumed fact. Bearing in mind
that the form used to label the contract of suretyship is not itself
conclusive as to the nature of the obligation in substance, and that every
case turns on its own facts, the court ultimately has to construe the text of
the contractual clauses as a whole to determine the nature of the obligor’s
obligations under the contract. This was evident in the cases of IIG Capital
and Bitumen.

Application to the present case

80 With the applicable principles in mind, I now turn to the Guarantee in this
case.

The clauses in the Guarantee

81 The relevant clauses of the Guarantee provided as follows:

(a) Obligations: Clauses 3.1 and 3.2 provided:

3.1 The Guarantor [D1] hereby irrevocably and unconditionally:

3.1.1. Guarantees to the Vendor [D2] the due and punctual performance by the
Operating Companies [UIL Singapore Pte Limited, UIL Hong Kong limited and UIL
Commodities DMCC] of all of their obligations under or pursuant to the
Materials Contract and other due payment and discharge of all moneys and
liabilities whatsoever, whether actual or contingent, by way of principal,
Interest or otherwise, which may be now or hereafter due, owing, or incurred
to the Vendor [D2] by the Operating Companies (whether alone or jointly and
whatever style, name or form and whether as principal or surety) or incurred
by the Vendor on the Operating Companies' behalf under or pursuant to the
Materials Contract.

3.1.2. Undertakes that, if and whenever the Borrower fails to pay on the due
date any sum whatsoever due and payable under or pursuant to the Materials
Contract, the Guarantor shall pay such sum on demand by the Vendor and where
requested by the Vendor, in the currency in which the same falls due for
payment.

3.2 As a separate and independent stipulation, the Guarantor [D1] hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, if any amounts hereby guaranteed
are not recoverable on the footing of a guarantee, whether by reason of any
legal limitation, disability or incapacity on or of the Operating Companies
(or any of them) or any other fact or circumstance, whether known to the
Vendor or the Guarantor not, then such amounts shall nevertheless be
recoverable from the Guarantor as sole or principal debtor and shall be
payable by the Guarantor on demand.

(b) Conclusive evidence clause: Clause 9.1 provided:

A certificate or determination by the Vendor as to the moneys and liabilities
for the time being due, owing or incurred to the Vendor by the Operating
Companies, or incurred by the Vendor on the Operating Companies behalf or,
without limitation as to any other matter provided for in this Guarantee,
shall (save in case of manifest error) for all purpose be conclusive and
binding upon the Guarantee. [emphasis added]

(c) Set off: Clause 7.3 of the Guarantee provided:

All payments to be made by the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be made
without set-off or counterclaim, and free and clear of, and without deduction
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, unless the Guarantor is
compelled by law to make payment subject to any such tax. [emphasis added]

Parties’ submissions

82 The plaintiffs’ instructed counsel, Mr Chan Leng Sun SC, submitted that the
Guarantee was an on demand performance guarantee because the foregoing
provisions were similar to the clauses in the cases of IIG Capital and
Bitumen, and the courts held in those cases that the contracts in question
were on demand performance guarantees. D1’s instructed counsel, Mr Kenneth Tan
SC (“Mr Tan SC”), submitted that the clauses and structure of the Guarantee
showed that the Guarantee was not an on demand performance guarantee because
D1’s liability was dependent on the Operating Companies’ breach of their
payment obligations under the Contracts.

Analysis

83 In my judgment, bearing in mind that parties can and do draft modern
contracts in such a way that they can contain separate enforceable obligations
(see [61] above), I found that the Guarantee contained an obligation of a
simple guarantee (under clauses 3.1.1 and 3.1.2) with a separate enforceable
obligation of an on demand performance guarantee (under clause 3.2).

84 First, it was clear that the obligation under clauses 3.1.1 and 3.1.2 was
that of a guarantee rather than an indemnity. This was because D1’s liability
to pay under clause 3.1.2 was only triggered “if and whenever the Borrower
fails to pay on the due date any sum whatsoever due and payable under or
pursuant to the Materials Contract” [emphasis added]. This was a clear
stipulation that D1’s liability was contingent on the Operating Companies’
default on their obligations under the Contracts when those obligations became
“due and payable”. This meant that D1’s liability under clauses 3.1.1 and
3.1.2 was secondary and the principle of co-extensiveness applied.

85 On the other hand, clause 3.2, when read together with clauses 9.1 and 7.3,
clearly indicated that it gave rise to a separate and independent obligation
under an on demand performance guarantee. This was for the following reasons.

(1) Clause 3.2

86 Under clause 3.2, it was significant that D1 (a) “irrevocably and
unconditionally” agreed to provide a (b) “separate and independent” obligation
to pay the obligee (c) “as sole or principal debtor”, and this liability was
triggered (d) “on demand” (e) if “any amounts hereby guaranteed are not
recoverable on the footing of a guarantee” [emphasis added]. All these factors
were indicators that D1’s obligation to pay under clause 3.2 was a primary one
that was not subject to the principle of co-extensiveness.

87 D1 submitted that clause 3.2 was not an on demand performance guarantee
because it only applied “if any amounts hereby guaranteed are not recoverable
on the footing of a guarantee” (the “Phrase”), which indicated that D1 would
not be liable under clause 3.2 unless the Operating Companies’ breach of their
payment obligations under the Contracts was first established. With respect, I
was unable to agree with this submission. In my judgment, it was clear that
the Phrase was specifying the stated event that triggered liability under
clause 3.2: this stated event was when there were amounts owed under the
Guarantee that were not recoverable on the footing of a guarantee. This stated
event addressed the principle of co-extensiveness directly to state that it
did not apply. Therefore, for any amounts that were recoverable on the footing
of a guarantee, D1’s liability would fall under clauses 3.1.1 and 3.1.2. For
any amounts that were not recoverable by way of a guarantee (if, for instance,
the underlying Contracts were unenforceable or void), then D1 would be liable
as a primary debtor by reason of clause 3.2. Therefore, rather than being
inconsistent with the nature of on demand performance guarantee, the Phrase
expressly indicated that clause 3.2 was intended as one.

88 It was important to bear in mind that liability under all contracts of
suretyship, including on demand performance guarantees, will invariably only
be triggered after an underlying obligation has been breached. This was
recognised by the English High Court in Vossloh itself, a case heavily relied
upon by D1, where Sir William Blackburne stated that liability under an on
demand performance guarantee was triggered on the occurrence of a stated event
that was usually “the non-fulfilment of a contractual obligation by the
principal to that third party” (see [51] above). Indeed, this was the case for
the contractual clauses in IIG Capital and Bitumen: in IIG Capital, the clause
stated that the obligor was liable to pay on demand “if … the Guaranteed
Moneys are not paid in full on their due date” [emphasis added] (see [63(a)]
above); in Bitumen, the relevant clause stated that the obligor had to pay on
demand any amount certified by the vessel owners to be due to the owners “as a
consequence of the Charterers not having fulfilled their obligations under the
Charter” [emphasis added] (see paragraph C of the clause extracted at [66]
above).

89 Therefore, the key determining factor was not whether the Guarantee
envisioned an underlying obligation that had been breached; what was critical
was whether D1’s liability under the Guarantee was contingent on the principal
debtor’s default of the underlying obligation (see also Vossloh at [44] (see
[76(a)] above)). Clause 3.2 was not contingent on such a default, so the
clause did not indicate secondary liability on D1’s part.

90 However, there was also a contractual clause in Vossloh – clause 2.1(d) –
that was similar to clause 3.2 in this case (see [75] above). Therefore,
clause 3.2 alone was not sufficient to indicate the presence of an obligation
of an on demand performance guarantee. As such, I turned to the other clauses
in the Guarantee.

(2) Clause 9.1

91 Clause 9.1 stated clearly that a “certificate or determination by the
Vendor as to the moneys and liabilities for the time being due, owing or
incurred to the Vendor by the Operating Companies … shall (save in case of
manifest error) for all purpose be conclusive and binding upon the Guarantee”
[emphasis added]. In the cases of IIG Capital and Bitumen, the presence of
clauses similar to clause 9.1 led to the courts’ findings that the contracts
in those cases were on demand performance guarantees (see [65] and [67(a)]
above). In IIG Capital, the English Court of Appeal held that the existence of
a similar clause had put “the matter beyond doubt” as, “[a]part from manifest
error, the [obligors] ha[d] bound themselves to pay on demand as primary
obligor the amount stated in a certificate” (see [65] above). In Bitumen,
while the clause in that case was worded differently from clause 9.1, it
nevertheless provided that the guarantor would pay on demand “any amount
certified by Owners by written notice to be due to the Owners …” [emphasis
added] (see paragraph C of the clause at [66] above). Sir Jeremy Cooke found
that the “certification of any amount as due as a consequence of non-
fulfilment of [the principal debtor’s] obligations must go, inevitably, to
liability” [emphasis added] (see [67(a)] above).

92 D1, relying on the principle that conclusive evidence clauses should be
strictly construed (see [76(f)] above), submitted that clause 9.1 was only
“conclusive” as to the quantum of money owed by D1 and not D1’s liability to
pay. On D1’s submission, clause 9.1 did not indicate that the Guarantee was an
on demand performance guarantee because it did not prevent D1 from denying
liability when a demand to pay was made by the obligee.

93 Conclusive evidence clauses are found in many standard form guarantees. The
commercial function of a conclusive evidence clause is to avoid debate about
the correctness of the calculation of any sums that are due if liability is
established. Thus, a clause that refers to a certificate of the “amount” due
or payable as being “conclusive evidence” should normally be construed as
meaning that it is evidence only of the quantum of money owed and not of
liability; instead, it would take explicit wording to make the liability of
the obligor to pay conditional upon a certificate alone (see Andrews and
Millett at para 1-016). This was consistent with the decisions in Vossloh and
Carey Value, as the conclusive evidence clauses in those cases did not
expressly state that the obligee’s certification or determination of the
obligor’s “liability” was conclusive and binding (see clause 11.2 at [75]
above and [77(d)] above).

94 However, clause 9.1 in the present case did explicitly provide that the
obligee’s certification and determination of not only the “moneys” but also
the “liabilities” due under the Guarantee was, save for manifest error,
“conclusive and binding” on D1 [emphasis added]. The fact that clause 9.1
expressly referred to “liabilities” made it clear that this was not a typical
conclusive evidence clause referred to in Andrews and Millett regarding the
quantum of moneys owed. Instead, clause 9.1 prevented D1 from denying
liability to pay once the obligee issued its demand on D1 to pay. As such,
Vossloh and Carey Value could be distinguished. Furthermore, the conclusive
evidence clauses in IIG Capital and Bitumen did not even expressly state that
the obligee’s certification of the obligor’s “liabilities” was conclusive and
binding on the obligor (see [63(c)] and [66] above). As clause 9.1 did
expressly state this, clause 9.1 stood on an even firmer footing than the
clauses in IIG Capital and Bitumen in showing that clause 3.2 of the Guarantee
was an on demand performance guarantee.

(3) Clause 7.3

95 Third, clause 7.3 stated that all payments that D1 had to make “shall be
made without set-off or counterclaim”. Clause 7.3 was similar to paragraph D
of the clause in Bitumen, which led to Sir Jeremy Cooke’s decision that the
contract in that case was an on demand performance guarantee, as payments
which were certified by the obligee fell to be paid by the obligor “with no
defence available of any kind” (see [67(b)] above). The plain text of clause
7.3 resulted in the same effect in this case, as clause 7.3 also prevented D1
from raising any set off or counterclaims to seek to avoid paying for the sum
certified by the obligee as being due and payable under clause 9.1. Thus,
clause 7.3 further bolstered the interpretation that D1’s liability under
clause 3.2 was a primary obligation not subject to the principle of co-
extensiveness.

(4) Conclusion

96 Therefore, clause 3.2, read together with clauses 9.1 and 7.3, clearly
showed that D1 had “irrevocably and unconditionally” agreed to provide a
“separate and independent” obligation (from the guarantee obligation under
clauses 3.1.1 and 3.1.2) “as sole or principal debtor” to pay the obligee “on
demand” any “moneys and liabilities” certified or determined by the obligee as
“due, owing or incurred” to the obligee by the Operating Companies that were
“not recoverable on the footing of a guarantee”, and that D1 had to make this
payment “without set-off or counterclaim”. This was clearly a primary
obligation on D1’s part to pay the obligee of the Guarantee on demand, and the
principle of co-extensiveness did not apply. These were the defining
characteristics of an on demand performance guarantee. Therefore, I found that
clause 3.2, read together with clauses 9.1 and 7.3, was an on demand
performance guarantee. Even if the Marubeni presumption applied in Singapore,
it was clear from the plain text of the Guarantee as a whole that the Marubeni
presumption was rebutted.

97 In any event, even if clause 3.2 was not an on demand performance
guarantee, for the reasons I explained at [86] to [96] above, it was
nevertheless clearly an indemnity that was triggered upon a simple demand by
the obligee to pay, and payment had to be made without any set-off or
counterclaim. Consequently, whether clause 3.2 was an on demand performance
guarantee or an indemnity, D1’s liability to pay the obligee was clearly
primary and the principle of co-extensiveness did not apply.

98 Accordingly, when the plaintiffs issued the Letter of Demand on D1 to pay
under the Guarantee for the Operating Companies’ liabilities under the
Contracts, D1 was clearly liable to pay either (a) as a guarantor under
clauses 3.1.1 and 3.1.2, since the Operating Companies had defaulted on their
payment obligations under the Contracts or, (b) even if the USD 63.3m sum was
not recoverable on the footing of the guarantee under clauses 3.1.1 and 3.1.2,
D1 was still liable as a primary debtor to pay the plaintiffs the USD 63.3m
sum under clause 3.2. It was thus not open to D1 to resist payment on the
ground that the amount under the Guarantee was satisfied by the Hangji
Security and/or GEM Security, which, even on D1’s own case, were securities
for a different contract (the ATFF2 Loan). If D1 had any other independent
claims against the plaintiffs, it was for D1 to claim that amount separately
from the plaintiffs.

The position under Ontario law

99 For completeness, even if Ontario law governed the issue of whether the
Guarantee was an on demand performance guarantee, I would have similarly found
that clause 3.2, read together with clauses 9.1 and 7.3, gave rise to a
separate enforceable obligation of an on demand performance guarantee. Ontario
is a common law jurisdiction. D1 did not cite any Ontario cases on the law of
on demand performance guarantees. From the cases cited to me by the
plaintiffs’ counsel in their written submissions, it was clear that the legal
principles on guarantees, indemnities, and on demand performance guarantees
were not materially different between Singapore and Ontario. Most notably, in
Standard Trust v Mortgage Insurance Co 1992 CarswellOnt 139 at [11], the
Ontario Court of Justice held that an on demand performance guarantee was akin
to letters of credit and that the obligor’s liability was not contingent on
the principal debtor’s default of its obligations under the underlying
contract:

Herman J. Wilton-Siegel in ‘International Business Agreements: Security For
Payment’ found in Canadian Institute Proceedings (1990) The Art of Negotiating
& Drafting International Commercial Contracts has noted there is little
functional difference between a standby letter of credit and a performance
guarantee. In both instances the issuer's obligation to pay is generally
independent of the performance of the underlying contract. Similarly, K.P.
McGuinness in his treatise The Law of Guarantee (Carswell: Toronto 1986) has
the following to say under the heading ‘Performance Guarantees’:

… A performance guarantee (also known as an ‘on demand guarantee’ or a ‘first
demand guarantee’) is a documentary form of security under which the issuer
undertakes to guarantee the payment of a stipulated amount to a named or
designated beneficiary, upon compliance with terms set out in the performance
guarantee. As in the case of a letter of credit, payment under a performance
guarantee generally must be made upon demand. It is not usually necessary for
the beneficiary to prove actual default by the principal. … Thus, in terms of
both the nature of the obligation assumed and the type of institution likely
to enter into such an undertaking, performance guarantees are very similar in
nature of letters of credit, and indeed … it would seem that the two terms are
synonymous — the term ‘performance guarantee’ being used to describe this type
of obligation in Europe, while the term ‘standby letter of credit’ is more
common in American practice.

[emphasis added]

100 The parties’ experts on Ontario law were also agreed in their affidavits
(filed on the issue of set off) that, under Ontario law, a contract had to be
read as a whole, in a plain and ordinary way, in light of the context in which
the contract was made. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Angela Swan’s affidavit dated 7 September 2022, Tab 2, at [33].

This was entirely consistent with the principles of contractual interpretation
under Singapore law and how English and Singapore courts have determined if
contracts were on demand performance guarantees (see [48] and [79] above).

101 As such, even if Ontario law applied, I would have reached the same
conclusion at [83] and [96] above based on an interpretation of the text of
the Guarantee as a whole.

Issue 2: D1’s other defences

102 In any event, even if the Guarantee were a simple guarantee, I agreed with
the plaintiffs that D1’s other defences ought to be struck out. These were the
Hangji and GEM Securities Defence and the Clause 6 Defence.

D1’s defences regarding the Hangji Security and GEM Security

D1’s defence that no amount was owed under the Guarantee

103 I first turn to the first prong of D1’s Hangji and GEM Securities Defence:
that no amount was owed under the Guarantee because the Hangji Security and/or
GEM Security could satisfy the amounts owed (see [24] above). In my judgment,
this defence was unsustainable for two main reasons: it was uncertain and
legally flawed.

(1) D1’s pleadings were vague, unparticularised, and did not support its case

104 First, in my judgment, this pleading was fundamentally flawed because it
rested upon D1’s claim that it allegedly agreed with the plaintiffs to use the
Hangji Security and GEM Security as security for the ATFF2 Loan (the “alleged
Security Agreement”), but the date and terms of the alleged Security Agreement
were not pleaded by D1 with any precision.

105 In this regard, the findings of Steven Chong J (as His Honour then was) in
Likpin International Ltd v Swiber Holdings Ltd and another [2015] 5 SLR 962
(“Likpin (HC)”) are instructive. In that case, the plaintiff brought the suit
against the defendants for the breach of an alleged oral charterparty which it
referred to as a procurement agreement. The plaintiff pleaded that, “[i]n so
far as it was made orally or by conduct, the Procurement Agreement was made
during meetings held at the 1st Defendants’ [sic] offices on or about February
2009 to on or about 20th April 2009” [emphasis added by Chong J] (Likpin (HC)
at [40]). The defendants applied to strike out the plaintiff’s suit on the
ground that, among others, the alleged agreement did not exist. Chong J struck
out the plaintiff’s suit. Chong J held (at [42], [45] and [46]):

42 While it is possible for a party to plead (a) that a contract was made
orally and merely evidenced in a written document; or (b) that the written
document per se constitutes the agreement of the parties to be contractually
bound, there should only be one date on which the contract could be said to
have been concluded: that is the date there was consensus ad idem – a meeting
of minds to be bound by terms which are both certain and complete. But this is
not so in the present case. No explanation has been provided to account for
the wide disparity in the contract dates. It is plainly unarguable to assert
that an oral contract was concluded over a two-month period. It is vexatious
for the plaintiff to experiment by pleading different dates and different
bases for the same contract. Thus, I accept the defendants’ submission that
the plaintiff’s inability to specifically identify when the Procurement
Agreement was concluded points against the existence of the said agreement.

…

45 Thus, based on the plaintiff’s writ and statement of claim, the terms of
the Procurement Agreement are clearly too uncertain to form the basis of a
legally enforceable contract. …

46 Moreover, in my view, it is frivolous, vexatious and an abuse of process to
expect a defendant to defend a contractual claim when the plaintiff itself
admits in its pleading that it is unsure of the most salient terms of the
contract: the date of the contract; whether the contract was oral or written;
and the consideration which was agreed (in this case, the charter hire). …

[emphasis in original in underline; emphasis added in bold italics]

106 The plaintiff’s appeal to the Court of Appeal was dismissed, as the Court
of Appeal agreed with Chong J’s reasons that the plaintiff’s claims were
legally and factually unsustainable (Likpin International Ltd v Swiber
Holdings Ltd and another [2016] 4 SLR 1079 at [3]).

107 In this case, D1’s pleadings on the date when the alleged Security
Agreement was reached, and where and how it was reached, was not only vague
but also morphed continuously with each new further and better particulars
that D1 provided.

(a) In D1’s defence, D1 did not plead the date when the alleged Security
Agreement was reached: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

D1’s Defence at [21(g)(iv)].

… it was agreed between the Plaintiffs and the 1st Defendant that the GEM and
/ or Hangji Securities would ostensibly be in respect of the SBD-UDTG Facility
but that they would also serve as security for the Facility Agreement.

(b) In response to the plaintiffs’ request (dated 20 April 2022), D1 then
further pleaded in its further and better particulars (dated 9 May 2022) (“1st
FNBP”) that the alleged Security Agreement was reached in writing by email on
18 and 20 February 2019 “and/or” orally by phone calls (with no date
specified):

a) Please identify the manner in which the Plaintiffs and UD had allegedly
agreed that the GEM and / or Hangji Securities would ostensibly be in respect
of the SBD-UDTG Facility but that they would also serve as security for the
Facility Agreement;

Answer:

The manner was in writing and / or orally.

…

The document(s) setting out the agreement are as follows:

a. An email from the Plaintiff(s)’ Mr Sullivan to the 1st Defendant’s Mr Gupta
dated 18 February 2019. …

b. An email from the Plaintiff(s)’ Mr Sullivan to the 1st Defendant’s Mr Gupta
dated 20 February 2019. In the email, Mr Sullivan stated: …

c. An email from the 1st Defendant’s Mr Gupta to the Plaintiff(s)’ Mr Sullivan
dated 20 February 2019. In the email, Mr Gupta stated: …

…

The agreement was discussed and / or reached orally on phone calls between the
Plaintiff(s)’ Mr Sullivan and / or Mr Yang and the 1st Defendant’s Mr Gupta
and / or Mr Mokashi.

[emphasis in original in bold underline; emphasis added in bold italics]

(c) D1 provided a second set of further and better particulars (dated 21 June
2022) pursuant to a court order (“2nd FNBP”). D1 then pleaded that the alleged
agreement for the Hangji Security was reached by yet another new method – an
“in-person meeting” – and phone calls on three alternative dates spanning a
total of three months (21 February 2019 “and/or” 22 March 2019 “and/or” 22 May
2019); and that, for the GEM Security, the agreement was allegedly reached by
phone call on two alternative dates spanning two months (1 May 2019 “and/or”
26 July 2019):

a) If the manner in which the Plaintiffs and UD had allegedly agreed that the
GEM and / or Hangji Securities would ostensibly be provided in respect of the
SBD-UDTG Facility but that they would also serve as security for the Facility
Agreement was orally, please identify:

i. When the parties reached the alleged agreement;

ii. The name(s) of the person(s) who had reached the alleged agreement on
behalf of their respective principals; and

…

Answer:

In respect of the Hangji Security:

a. The parties reached the agreement at an in-person meeting on 21 February
2019 at 1 pm Hong Kong time and / or by phone call on 22 March 2019 at 2.30 pm
Dubai time and / or by phone call on 22 May 2019 at 4 pm Dubai time.

…

In respect of the GEM Security:

a. The parties reached the agreement by phone call on 1 May 2019 at 11 am
Dubai time and / or by phone call on 26 July 2019 at 10 am Dubai time.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

108 Furthermore, D1’s pleadings did not even support D1’s case that the
parties had reached any agreement to use the Hangji Security and GEM Security
as security for the ATFF2 Loan at all.

(a) In D1’s 1st FNBP, none of what D1 pleaded demonstrated that the parties
had reached any agreement:

The document(s) setting out the agreement are as follows:

a. An email from the Plaintiff(s)’ Mr Sullivan to the 1st Defendant’s Mr Gupta
dated 18 February 2019.

i. In the email, Mr Sullivan stated: ‘I am wondering if we use the security
for UIL exposure instead of Rutmet then perhaps EDC will re-instate full
coverage without deductible?’.

ii. The reference to ‘UIL exposure’ was a reference to the SBD-UDTG Facility.

b. An email from the Plaintiff(s)’ Mr Sullivan to the 1st Defendant’s Mr Gupta
dated 20 February 2019. In the email, Mr Sullivan stated:

i. ‘For Rutmet our message to EDC should be clear. We do not have any security
from UIL for our Rutmet exposure and we will not entertain such security if it
means that they will introduce an arbitrary high deductible from any claim.’

c. An email from the 1st Defendant’s Mr Gupta to the Plaintiff(s)’ Mr Sullivan
dated 20 February 2019. In the email, Mr Gupta stated:

i. ‘No security to be provided for this facility, so automatically the AFL
doesn’t get triggered (however, we would offer you the security on your sales
side or by a side agreement to protect TFC’s interest).’

ii. The reference to ‘this facility’ in Mr Gupta’s email was a reference to
the Facility Agreement.

iii. The reference to security to be offered ‘by a side agreement’ was a
reference to the fact the GEM and / Hangji securities would be additionally
offered by way of a separate agreement in order to protect the Plaintiff(s)’
exposure on the Facility Agreement.

iv. The method for implementing this separate agreement was by ostensibly
providing the GEM and / or Hangji Securities as security for the SBD-UDTG
Facility instead.

[emphasis added]

(b) In D1’s 1st FNBP, even though D1 was explicitly asked to plead the “gist
of the words” used by the parties in reaching any alleged oral agreement, D1
did not do so:

c) If orally, please identify:

i. The place(s) at which the parties reached the alleged agreement;

ii. The name(s) of the person(s) who had reached the alleged agreement on
behalf of their respective principals; and

iii. The gist of the words used by the person(s) when reaching the alleged
agreement.

Answer:

The following are the best particulars the 1st Defendant can provide pending
discovery:

The agreement was discussed and / or reached orally on phone calls between the
Plaintiff(s)’ Mr Sullivan and / or Mr Yang and the 1st Defendant’s Mr Gupta
and / or Mr Mokashi.

[emphasis added]

(c) Subsequently, even after D1 was compelled to provide the 2nd FNBP pursuant
to a court order, D1’s 2nd FNBP did not demonstrate the existence of any
agreement between the plaintiffs and D1:

In respect of the Hangji Security:

…

c. The gist of the words used at the in-person meeting on 21 February 2019
were as follows:

a. Mr David Sullivan [the plaintiffs’ representative] stated that the message
to EDC regarding the Facility Agreement should be that UD had not provided the
Plaintiff(s) any security in connection with the Facility Agreement.

b. Mr David Sullivan stated that the Plaintiff(s) still wished to have the
Hangji Security provided in connection with the Facility Agreement.

c. Mr Swapnil Mokashi [D1’s representative] stated that:

i. the Hangji Security would ostensibly be charged for the SBD-UDTG Facility.

ii. However, the Hangji Security would also act as security for the
Plaintiff(s) on the Facility Agreement.

d. Mr David Sullivan stated that the Plaintiff(s) would conclude the Facility
Agreement in consideration of the Hangji Security being provided to the
Plaintiff(s) as security for the Facility Agreement.

d. The gist of the words used on the 22 March 2019 phone call at 2.30 pm Dubai
time was as follows:

a. Mr David Sullivan stated that the message to EDC regarding the Facility
Agreement should be that UD had not provided the Plaintiff(s) any security in
connection with the Facility Agreement.

b. Mr David Sullivan stated that the Plaintiff(s) still wished to have the
Hangji Security provided in connection with the Facility Agreement.

c. Mr Prateek Gupta and Mr Swapil Mokashi [D1’s representatives] stated that:

i. The Hangji Security would ostensibly be charged for the SBD-UDTG Facility.

ii. However, the Hangji Security would also act as security for the
Plaintiff(s) on the Facility Agreement.

d. Mr David Sullivan stated that the Plaintiff(s) would conclude the Facility
Agreement in consideration of the Hangji Security being provided to the
Plaintiff(s) as security for the Facility Agreement.

e. The gist of the words used on the 22 May 2019 phone call at 4 pm Dubai time
was as follows:

a. Mr David Sullivan stated that the message to EDC regarding the Facility
Agreement should be that UD had not provided the Plaintiff(s) any security in
connection with the Facility Agreement.

b. Mr Prateek Gupta and Mr Vipul Choudhari [D1’s representatives] stated that
the Hangji Security charged for the SBD-UDTG Facility would also act as
security for the Plaintiffs for the Facility Agreement.

c. Mr David Sullivan and Mr Ian Milne [the plaintiffs’ representatives] stated
that the Plaintiff(s) would conclude the Facility Agreement in consideration
of the fact the Hangji Security would also act as security for the
Plaintiff(s) on the Facility Agreement.

In respect of the GEM Security:

…

f. [sic] The person(s) who reached the agreement on behalf of their respective
principals were as follows:

a. 1 May 2019 at 11 am Dubai time – Mr Prateek Gupta and Mr Swapnil Mokashi of
UD and Mr David Sullivan for the Plaintiff(s).

b. 26 July 2019 at 10 am Dubai time – Mr Prateek Gupta, Mr Swapnil Mokashi and
Mr Vipul Choudhari of UD and Mr David Sullivan and Mr Ian Milne for the
Plaintiff(s).

b. [sic] The gist of the words that were used on the 1 May 2019 phone call at
11 am Dubai time were as follows:

a. Mr David Sullivan stated that the message to EDC regarding the Facility
Agreement should be that UD had not provided the Plaintiff(s) any security for
the Facility Agreement.

b. Mr David Sullivan stated that the Plaintiff(s) still wished to have the GEM
Security provided in connection with the Facility Agreement.

c. Mr Prateek Gupta and Mr Swapnil Mokashi stated that:

i. The GEM Security would ostensibly be charged for the SBD-UDTG Facility.

ii. However, the GEM Security would also act as security for the Plaintiff(s)
on the Facility Agreement.

d. Mr David Sullivan stated that the Plaintiff(s) would conclude the Facility
Agreement in consideration of the GEM Security being provided to the
Plaintiff(s) as security for the Facility Agreement.

c. [sic] The gist of the words used on the 26 July 2019 phone call at 10 am
Dubai time were as follows:

a. Mr David Sullivan and Mr Ian Milne stated that the message to EDC regarding
the Facility Agreement should be that UD had not provided the Plaintiff(s) any
security in connection with the Facility Agreement.

b. Mr Prateek Gupta, Mr Swapnil Mokashi and Mr Vipul Choudhari stated that the
GEM Security charged for the SBD-UDTG Facility would also act as security for
the Plaintiffs for the Facility Agreement, in consideration for the
Plaintiff(s) concluding the Facility Agreement, and as previously discussed.

109 As Chong J held in Likpin (HC) at [46], it was “frivolous, vexatious and
an abuse of process to expect a defendant to defend a contractual claim when
the plaintiff itself admits in its pleading that it is unsure of the most
salient terms of the contract”, such as “the date of the contract” and
“whether the contract was oral or written” (see [105] above). A plain reading
of D1’s further and better particulars above showed that that was exactly what
D1 sought to do in its pleadings:

(a) First, D1 could not even plead with certainty if the alleged Security
Agreement was concluded in writing or orally, and, if orally, if it was by
phone calls or at an in-person meeting.

(b) Second, D1 also could not plead the date of the alleged Security Agreement
with certainty. The pleaded date(s) when the alleged Security Agreement was
reached was wide-ranging and unparticularised. The alleged Security Agreement
spanned three months over emails (allegedly on 18 and 20 February 2019), one
in-person meeting (allegedly on 21 February 2019), and/or two phone calls (22
March 2019 and/or 22 May 2019) for the Hangji Security; and two months over
two phone calls (1 May 2019 and/or 26 July 2019) for the GEM Security. The
fact that D1 pleaded such wide-ranging dates both cumulatively and
alternatively (“and/or”) spanning months showed that D1 was clearly
experimenting with its pleadings. This, as Chong J held in Likpin (HC) at
[42], was vexatious (see [105] above).

(c) Third, D1’s defence and FNBPs did not even demonstrate that the plaintiffs
and D1 even agreed on the alleged Security Agreement. There was no “meeting of
minds” (Likpin (HC) at [43]; see [105] above). Instead, there were only
multiple offers or suggestions uttered by various parties, which explained why
the alleged Security Agreement took months to purportedly “conclude”.
Therefore, even taking D1’s pleadings at its highest, there was no agreement
reached between the plaintiffs and D1 that the GEM Security and Hangji
Security were to be used as security for the ATFF2 Loan.

110 As such, D1’s case on the alleged Security Agreement was too uncertain to
form the basis of a legally enforceable contract. Therefore, D1’s case on the
alleged Security Agreement was legally and factually unsustainable.

(2) D1’s case was legally unsustainable

111 Besides uncertainty, D1’s defence that the GEM Security and Hangji
Security could “satisfy” the amounts owed under the Guarantee was also legally
flawed.

(a) First, the defence ran contrary to clause 7.3 and clause 9.1, which
prevented D1 from raising any set-off or counterclaims against any
determination by the plaintiffs of the liabilities and monies owed under the
Guarantee.

(b) Second, it was undisputed that D1 did not even own the GEM Security and
Hangji Security. As the plaintiffs rightly pointed out, D1 could not rely on
another entity’s asset to discharge D1’s liability under the Guarantee.

(c) Third, the alleged agreement was that the GEM Security and Hangji Security
were to be used as security for the ATFF2 Loan, not the Guarantee. Therefore,
even if D1’s claim was taken at its highest, the GEM Security and Hangji
Security could not be used to satisfy D1’s liability under the Guarantee.

(d) Fourth, clause B(1)(p) of Part C of the Facility Agreement for the ATFF2
Loan expressly provided that “[n]o amendments … will be binding on any of the
parties to this Facility Agreement unless the amendments are in writing in the
prescribed format for amendments and signed and delivered to all relevant
parties”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

David Sullivan’s 4th affidavit dated 28 June 2022, p 36, clause B(1)(p).

The alleged Security Agreement would have constituted an amendment to the
Facility Agreement of the ATFF2 Loan, since it sought to use new securities –
the GEM Security and Hangji Security – for the ATFF2 Loan. It was never
suggested by the defendants that there was any “writing” regarding the alleged
Security Agreement “in the prescribed format for amendments and signed and
delivered to all relevant parties”. Therefore, none of the alleged oral
agreements pleaded by D1 that formed the basis of the alleged Security
Agreement could have been valid.

112 Consequently, I agreed with the plaintiffs that, even if the Guarantee was
a simple guarantee, D1’s defence that no amount was owed under the Guarantee
as the Hangji Security and GEM Security could “satisfy” these amounts was
plainly legally and factually unsustainable, and should be struck out.

D1’s defence of set-off

113 Next, I turn to D1’s alternative defence of set off relying on the GEM
Security and Hangji Security (that is, that D1 could set off the amount
claimed under the Guarantee against the value of the GEM Security and/or
Hangji Security: see [22] above). This defence can be dealt with briefly. On
this issue, D1 adduced expert evidence on Ontario law to submit that clause
7.3 did not cover equitable set-off. However, I found this argument to be
contrived. Clause 7.3 unequivocally provided that all payments that D1 had to
make under the Guarantee “shall be made without set-off or counterclaim”. The
phrase “set off” was clearly broad enough to encompass both legal and
equitable set off. If the parties had intended to limit clause 7.3 to legal
set off, that would have been expressly stated in the clause. Thus, I agreed
with the plaintiffs that, regardless of whether Singapore law or Ontario law
applied, D1 could not seek to set off its liabilities under the Guarantee. In
any event, as the defence of set off also depended on the alleged Security
Agreement, which was a legally and factually unsustainable claim, I also found
that D1’s defence of set off should be struck out.

D1’s defence regarding clause 6 of the ATFF2 Loan

114 I next turn to D1’s Clause 6 Defence, which was the claim that the
plaintiffs allegedly could not invoke the rights under the Guarantee in
respect of D2’s debts owed to the plaintiffs under the ATFF2 Loan (see [27]
above). Mr Tan SC did not raise this defence at the hearing before me.
Nevertheless, I will deal with this defence for completeness. This defence
hinged on clause 6 of the Facility Agreement of the ATFF2 Loan, which
provided:

6\. Security

Security or Security Documents: As a Condition Precedent, the following
Security Documents shall be executed to secure the Facility [ATFF2 Loan],
including:

a. Assignment of Rights in connection with the credit insured receivables, the
sales contract, invoice and other related trade documents with notice
delivered to the Approved Buyer and acknowledge of the same …

115 In my judgment, D1’s Clause 6 Defence was a non-starter, and Mr Tan SC
rightly chose not to devote time to this defence in his oral submissions
before me. Clause 6 was a condition precedent to the ATFF2 Loan. Even though
the funds for the ATFF2 Loan were used by D2 to purchase metal from the Metal
Suppliers to sell to the Operating Companies under the Contracts, the ATFF2
Loan was an entirely distinct agreement from not only the Guarantee but also
the underlying obligation under the Guarantee (which was the Contracts).
Therefore, the Clause 6 Defence was legally unsustainable because the
Guarantee was not pertaining to D2’s debts owed to the plaintiffs under the
ATFF2 Loan to begin with – the Guarantee concerned the Operating Companies’
liabilities owed to D2 under the Contracts (see [81(a)] above).

116 Accordingly, I found that D1’s Clause 6 Defence was, once again,
completely contradictory to the plain text of the relevant contracts and
legally flawed. As such, I found D1’s defence on this issue to be plainly
unsustainable under O 18 r 19(1)(b) and should be struck out.

Issue 3: The assignment of the Guarantee

117 I next turn to the issue of the assignment of the Guarantee. It first
bears emphasis that the defendants did not dispute that the purported
assignment of D2’s rights under the Guarantee to the plaintiffs was done
pursuant to the GSA and SD. The defendants’ defences seeking to challenge the
assignment of D2’s rights under the Guarantee to the plaintiffs were as
follows:

(a) D2 sought to challenge the assignment by seeking to rescind the SD and
GSA. D2’s defence seemingly flowed as such: the SD and GSA could allegedly be
rescinded because the Forbearance Agreement could be rescinded, and this in
turn was because no UIL HK Debt was owed, as the plaintiffs did not pay the
Metal Suppliers directly, in breach of the alleged Payment Agreement (and the
facility agreements under the ATFF1 Loan and ATFF2 Loan) (see [28] and [29]
above).

(b) D1 sought to challenge the assignment on two primary grounds.

(i) First, D2 pleaded that clause 12.3 of the Guarantee required D2 to provide
D1 with a notice of the assignment, but this was not done (see [26] above).

(ii) Second, D1 pleaded that D2 was seeking in the D2 Ontario Proceedings to
discharge the Forbearance Agreement, the GSA, the SD, and the POAs (see [26]
above).

118 I agreed with the plaintiffs that the defendants’ defences on this issue
should be struck out as they were plainly legally and factually sustainable
and were thus frivolous or vexatious under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the ROC 2014.

Alleged agreement for the plaintiffs to pay the Metal Suppliers directly

119 I first turn to D2’s defence. D2’s defence depended entirely on the
existence of the alleged Payment Agreement (that is, the alleged agreement for
the plaintiffs to remit the monies drawn down under the ATFF1 Loan and ATFF2
Loan directly to the Metal Suppliers instead of D2). However, in my judgment,
this defence was also legally and factually unsustainable.

120 First, the fatal flaw to D2’s defence on the alleged Payment Agreement was
that it was, similar to the alleged Security Agreement, wholly vague and
uncertain. As aforementioned at [105] above, it was trite that any party
making a claim for breach of contract has to clearly and accurately plead the
material terms of the agreement breached. However, D2 did not even plead in
its defence that the alleged Payment Agreement existed. Instead, D2 pleaded
that P2 breached the terms of the two facility agreements under the ATFF1 Loan
and ATFF2 Loan, not the alleged Payment Agreement:

(a) … from in or around mid-2019, the 2nd Plaintiff breached the terms of the
1st and 2nd Facility Agreements when it failed, refused, and/or neglected to
extend monies in the sum of US$ 73,108,092.50 to pay the 2nd Defendant’s
suppliers of metals and metal products, Triton Metallix Pte Limited (‘Triton’)
and API International FZC (‘API’):

(i) The 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs were required to remit the monies drawn down
under the 1st and 2nd Facility Agreements directly to Triton and API, to pay
for the supplies of metal and metal products purchased by the 2nd Defendant.
But the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs failed, refused, and/or neglected to do so; and

…

(b) The 2nd Defendant relies on the 2nd Plaintiff’s breaches of the 1st and
2nd Facility Agreements in the Third Party Claims it commenced to, among other
things, obtain contribution and indemnity from the 2nd Plaintiff in the
proceedings commenced against the 2nd Defendant by (i) Triton for the sum of
US$ 41,526,349.50 (i.e., CV-21-00001691-0000); and (ii) API for the sum of US$
31,581,743.00 (i.e., CV-21-00001719-0000) (collectively, the ‘Material
Suppliers Ontario Proceedings’).

[emphasis added]

121 In other words, D2’s pleaded case in its defence was that it was the terms
of the facility agreements under the ATFF1 Loan and ATFF2 Loan which required
the plaintiffs to remit the monies drawn down from the ATFF1 Loan and the
ATFF2 Loan directly to the Metal Suppliers (instead of D2). However, the
Facility Agreement under the ATFF2 Loan did not provide for such an alleged
term at all. The plaintiffs thus sought further and better particulars from D2
to the question:

Please identify the clauses in the 1st and 2nd Facility Agreements which
contained the alleged obligation that the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs were required
to remit the monies drawn down under the 1st and 2nd Facility Agreements
directly to Triton and API.

122 It was only in response to this request that D2 then changed its entire
position and finally pleaded the existence of the alleged Payment Agreement:

The obligation incumbent upon the 1st and/or 2nd Plaintiff to remit monies
drawn down under the 1st and/or 2nd Facility Agreements to Triton and API was
not set out in the 1st and/or 2nd Facility Agreements. Instead, the
Plaintiffs’ representative, Mr. Milne, and the 2nd Defendant’s representative,
Mr. Modi, verbally agreed, in or around the time the 1st and 2nd Facility
Agreements were executed (i.e., in or around 28 June 2017 and 24 May 2019),
that the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs would remit the monies drawn down under the
1st and 2nd Facility Agreements directly to Triton and API. [emphasis added in
bold italics and italics]

123 Therefore, D2 had changed its position: D2 only pleaded in its further and
better particulars that it was not actually the terms of the ATFF1 Loan or
ATFF2 Loan that the plaintiffs had allegedly breached by not paying the Metal
Suppliers directly, but an entirely separate Payment Agreement that was
breached. In these circumstances, D2’s defence was legally unsustainable:

(a) First, it was unclear which agreement was breached.

(b) Second, it was also not stated how a breach of the alleged Payment
Agreement could lead to a breach of the facility agreements under the ATFF1
Loan or ATFF2 Loan, when these were distinct agreements.

124 Second, as aforementioned at [111(d)] above, the Facility Agreement for
the ATFF2 Loan expressly provided that no amendments to the Facility Agreement
would be binding unless the amendments were in writing in the prescribed
format and signed and delivered to all relevant parties. The alleged Payment
Agreement would clearly have constituted an amendment to the Facility
Agreement of the ATFF2 Loan, since it purportedly required the plaintiffs to
remit monies drawn down under the ATFF2 Loan to a non-party to the Facility
Agreement (the Metal Suppliers) rather than D2. However, D2’s own case was
that the alleged Payment Agreement was entirely verbal. Therefore, even if
D2’s case was taken at its highest, the alleged Payment Agreement could not
have been legally valid.

125 Third, the alleged Payment Agreement was unsupported by any objective
evidence, whether by correspondence or otherwise. While the alleged Payment
Agreement was verbal, these were large corporations negotiating a multi-
million dollar agreement that was allegedly entered into on two separate dates
that were two years apart (“in or around 28 June 2017 and 24 May 2019”). Yet,
D2 was unable to adduce a shred of objective evidence, not even by informal
internal correspondence, to support D2’s claim that the alleged Payment
Agreement existed.

126 This lack of objective evidence was particularly damning in this case
because the plaintiffs did disburse the funds to the account which was stated
in the drawdown notices. D2 itself stated this fact in its affidavit filed in
this application: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Anil Shah’s 5th affidavit dated 17 August 2022 at [6(b)(ii)].

The commercial arrangement for monies drawn down under the 2nd Facility
Agreement was similar to what had been agreed under the 1st Facility Agreement
(see paragraphs 10 to 19 of my 1st Affidavit), save as follows (see paragraph
38 of my 1st Affidavit): … The 2nd Plaintiff would transfer the monies
referred to in paragraph 6(b)(i) above to an account that the 2nd Defendant
held with the National Bank of Canada … [emphasis added]

127 Consequently, the alleged Payment Agreement was wholly contrary to the
objective undisputed fact that P2 did disburse the monies drawn down under the
ATFF2 Loan to D2’s bank account as stated in the drawdown notices. As the
plaintiffs submitted, after P2 did so, it was for D2 to determine how it
wanted to further disburse the monies.

128 To support D2’s claim on the alleged Payment Agreement, D2 further
attested on affidavit that D2 would, after receiving the money from P2, remit
it to a bank account by Cantrust (“Cantrust Account”), and that P2 “would then
arrange for the monies transferred to the Cantrust Account by [D2] to be paid
to the [Metal] Suppliers” or that, “alternatively, [P2] would pay the [Metal]
Suppliers directly”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Anil Shah’s 5th affidavit dated 17 August 2022 at [6(b)(iv)].

However, this claim was, once again, entirely unsustainable because Cantrust
was a separate entity. If the alleged Payment Agreement were genuine, it did
not make any sense that the plaintiffs would transfer the money to D2 first in
order for D2 to further transfer the money to another entity (Cantrust) before
the plaintiffs somehow finally caused that separate entity (Cantrust) to pay
the Metal Suppliers directly; instead, the plaintiffs could have simply paid
the Metal Suppliers directly. Furthermore, D2’s case was completely uncertain,
as D2 was once again pleading vague alternative cases that were fundamentally
inconsistent: on D2’s case, the plaintiffs had agreed to pay the Metal
Suppliers directly by either transferring the monies to D2 first or by
transferring the monies to the Metal Suppliers directly. There was, once
again, not a shred of objective evidence to support D2’s case that the parties
had reached such a nuanced agreement for the plaintiffs to, on some occasions,
transfer the monies to D2 first but, on other occasions, pay the Metal
Suppliers directly. As such, bearing in mind that it was undisputed that P2
did remit the monies drawn down from the ATFF2 Loan to D2, D2’s claim on the
alleged Payment Agreement was plainly factually unsustainable.

129 As such, for the foregoing reasons, it was plain that D2’s claim on the
alleged Payment Agreement was legally and factually unsustainable. As D2’s
entire defence hinged upon the alleged Payment Agreement, I found that D2’s
defence was frivolous and vexatious and should be struck out.

Notice of assignment

130 I next turn to D1’s defence that it did not receive a notice of assignment
from D2. This defence hinged on clause 12.3 of the Guarantee. That clause
provided as follows:

The Vendor may transfer, assign and/or sub-participate all or any of its
rights and benefits under this Guarantee, without the consent of the
Guarantor. On such transfer, assignment or sub-participation, the Vendor shall
provide the Guarantor with notice of such transfer, assignment or sub-
participation. [emphasis added]

131 I agreed with the plaintiffs that clause 12.3 clearly did not stipulate
that the assignment of any rights under the Guarantee was conditional upon
giving notice of the assignment to D1. Nor was the consent of D1 required.
Therefore, there was simply no basis to D1’s defence that the Guarantee was
not validly assigned due to a purported failure to provide notice of the
assignment to D1.

Forbearance Agreement

132 Finally, I turn to D1’s defence that D2 was seeking to rescind the
Forbearance Agreement, the GSA, the SD, and the POAs in the D2 Ontario
Proceedings.

133 First and foremost, as pointed out by the Appellate Division of the High
Court in UD Trading Group (AD) at [45], it was questionable as to whether D1
even had standing to challenge D2’s assignment of its rights under the
Guarantee to the plaintiffs. Therefore, strictly speaking, D1’s defence – that
another party, D2, was seeking to challenge the assignment in foreign
proceedings (Ontario) – was not an actual defence at law to the plaintiffs’
pleaded claims.

134 Second, as analysed at [119] to [128] above, D2’s actual pleaded defence
challenging the assignment of its rights under the Guarantee to the plaintiffs
was legally and factually unsustainable.

135 Third, in any event, D2’s pleaded basis for seeking to rescind the SD and
GSA was contradicted by the objective text of the Forbearance Agreement. D2’s
defence was that, by rescinding the Forbearance Agreement, the SD and GSA
could then also be rescinded (see [117(a)] above). However, as rightly pointed
out by the plaintiffs, (a) the SD and GSA were distinct, standalone agreements
from the Forbearance Agreement, and (b) the SD and GSA were the conditions
precedent to the Forbearance Agreement, rather than the other way around. This
was plain from the text of clause 3.1(d) of the Forbearance Agreement, which
provided:

3.1 Conditions Precedent

The obligations of the Lender to forbear under this Agreement shall not be
effective unless and until the Lender and the Security Agent shall have
received:

…

(d) any and all additional instruments, assignments, title certificates,
security agreements or other documents or agreements that the Lender or the
Security Agent may require to evidence or perfect or render opposable a lien
or encumbrance on all present and after acquired property of the Borrower, or
otherwise to give effect to the intent of this Agreement, including but not
limited to (i) an Ontario law governed general security agreement in the form
attached hereto as Schedule ‘C’ [that is, the GSA] and (ii) a Hong Kong law
governed general security deed in the form attached hereto as Schedule ‘D’
[that is, the SD]. [emphasis added]

136 Thus, clause 3.1(d) of the Forbearance Agreement clearly stipulated that
the GSA and SD were the conditions precedent to the Forbearance Agreement. In
other words, even if the Forbearance Agreement were rescinded, that would not
lead to a rescission of the SD and GSA. D2’s defence that a rescission of the
Forbearance Agreement would lead to a rescission of the GSA and SD was thus
completely contradicted by the plain terms of the Forbearance Agreement
itself.

137 As such, I agreed with the plaintiffs that the defendants’ defences
challenging the assignment of D2’s rights under the Guarantee to the
plaintiffs were plainly legally and factually unsustainable and should be
struck out.

Ancillary matter

138 Finally, for completeness, I briefly mention that, while the plaintiffs
sought to submit that the defendants should be estopped from taking contrary
positions against their admissions in the Ontario proceedings and findings
made by the Ontario courts, I did not need to make any findings in this
regard, as the foregoing factors were sufficient to lead me to the conclusion
that the defendant’s defences should be struck out.

Summary of findings

139 In summary, despite the best efforts of the defendants’ counsel, I found
that this was a plain and obvious case for the defendants’ defences to be
struck out. The defendants’ defences were not only defective but also entirely
contradicted by the plain text of the Guarantee and the other contracts and
documents raised by the parties. On the other hand, the plaintiffs’ pleaded
case was clear and straightforward. As such, I made the following findings:

(a) The Guarantee contained an obligation of a simple guarantee (under clauses
3.1.1 and 3.1.2) and a separate enforceable obligation of an on demand
performance guarantee (under clause 3.2 read with clauses 9.1 and 7.3). Even
if clause 3.2 did not contain an on demand performance guarantee, it was
clearly an indemnity obligation that was triggered upon the obligee’s demand
to pay.

(b) Even if the Guarantee were a guarantee, D1’s Hangji and Securities Defence
and Clause 6 Defence were legally and factually unsustainable and should be
struck out.

(c) D1’s and D2’s defences seeking to challenge D2’s assignment of its rights
under the Guarantee were also plainly unsustainable and should be struck out.

Conclusion

140 Accordingly, I struck out the defendants’ defences and granted the
plaintiffs’ judgment for the USD 63.3m sum against D1 plus interest with
costs. Finally, I would like to record my gratitude to the parties’ counsel
for their helpful and comprehensive submissions.

Desmond Chong  
Assistant Registrar  
---  
  
Chan Leng Sun SC (Duxton Hill Chambers) (instructed), Bazul Ashhab, Lionel
Chan, Nicholas Chang, and Esther Yong (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the plaintiffs;

Kenneth Tan SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) (instructed), Eugene Thuraisingam,
Chooi Jing Yen, Hamza Malik and Ng Yuan Siang (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for
the first defendant;

Daniel Koh, Imran Rahim, and Zerlina Yee (Eldan Law LLC) for the second
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Jan 2023 (10:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

