Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 321

Originating Summons No 21 of 2022  
(Summons No 670 of 2022)

In the matter of an application by the Attorney-General for an order of
committal for contempt of court

And

In the matter of Sections 3(1)(a), 3(1)(d), 3(1)(e), 10(1) and 10(2) of the
Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (No 19 of 2016)

And

In the matter of Order 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed)

Between

| The Attorney-General  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Ravi s/o Madasamy  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Originating Summons No 22 of 2022  
(Summons No 669 of 2022)

In the matter of an application by the Attorney-General for an order of
committal for contempt of court

And

In the matter of Sections 3(1)(a), 3(1)(d), 3(1)(e) and 10(1) of the
Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (No 19 of 2016)

And

In the matter of Order 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed)

Between

| The Attorney-General  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Ravi s/o Madasamy  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Contempt of Court — Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Attorney-General

  
v

  

Ravi s/o Madasamy and another matter

[2023] SGHC 321

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summonses Nos 21 and 22 of
2022 (Summonses Nos 670 and 669 of 2022)  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
22 June, 23 October 2023

8 November 2023 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 On 31 March 2023, I found the respondent, Mr Ravi s/o Madasamy (“Mr Ravi”),
liable for nine instances of contempt under various limbs of s 3(1) of the
Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (No 19 of 2016) (“AJPA”) in
HC/SUM 669/2022 (“SUM 669”) and HC/SUM 670/2022 (“SUM 670”). My judgment is
set out in Attorney-General v Ravi s/o Madasamy and another matter [2023] SGHC
78 (“Ravi (Liability)”). On 23 October 2023, I heard the parties on the issue
of sentencing and reserved judgment, which I now give.

2 To briefly summarise, in SUM 670, I found Mr Ravi liable for the following
instances of contempt (Ravi (Liability) at [129]):

(a) under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA, for scandalising the court by accusing
District Judge Chay Yuen Fatt (“DJ Chay”) of being “biased” without basis on 9
November 2021 (“the Second Instance”);

(b) under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA, by intentionally interrupting DJ Chay while
DJ Chay was sitting in open court on 9 November 2021 (“the Third Instance”);

(c) under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA, by intentionally offering an insult to DJ
Chay by stating that he could be “removed … at will by the State” while DJ
Chay was sitting in open court on 9 November 2021 (“the Fourth Instance”); and

(d) under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA, by intentionally offering an insult to DJ
Chay by stating that he was “in contempt of Court” and “[didn’t] have security
of tenure [and knew] what it means” on 10 November 2021 (“the Fifth
Instance”).

For completeness, I did not find Mr Ravi liable for the first instance of
contempt as alleged by the Attorney-General (“the AG”).

3 In relation to SUM 669, I found Mr Ravi guilty of the following instances of
contempt (Ravi (Liability) at [130]–[131]):

(a) under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA, for scandalising the court by repeatedly
accusing Justice Audrey Lim (“Lim J”) of being biased without basis on 22
November 2021 (“the Sixth Instance”);

(b) under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA for intentionally interrupting Lim J during a
hearing on 22 November 2021 (“the Seventh Instance”);

(c) under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA, for intentionally making allegations on 22
November 2021 which impugned the propriety of the court and posed a risk that
public confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined (“the
Eighth Instance”);

(d) under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA, on 22 November 2021, for intentionally doing
an act posing a real risk of obstructing the administration of justice by
taking a legal position without instructions from his client, Mr Chua Qwong
Meng (“Mr Chua”), by applying for Lim J to disqualify herself on the grounds
of bias (“the Ninth Instance”); and

(e) under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA, on 23 November 2021, for intentionally doing
an act posing a real risk of obstructing the administration of justice by
causing his paralegal, Mr Arun Kumar M Sadarangani (“Mr Arun”), to send an
email to the Supreme Court Registry (“the Registry”) without instructions
(“the Tenth Instance”).

The applicable law

4 Punishment for contempt is prescribed under s 12 of the AJPA. For contempt
committed involving proceedings in the State Courts, s 12(1)(b) of the AJPA
prescribes a fine not exceeding $20,000 or imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 12 months or both. As regards contempt committed in proceedings
before the High Court, s 12(1)(a) of the AJPA provides for a fine not
exceeding $100,000 or imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years or
both.

5 I turn next to the court’s approach to sentencing for the various limbs
under s 3(1) of the AJPA. I begin with s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA, which deals with
scandalising contempt. In Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General [2011] 3 SLR 778
(“Shadrake”), at [147], the Court of Appeal identified several non-exhaustive
factors that are relevant to the determination of the appropriate sentence for
scandalising contempt. Although Shadrake was decided prior to the enactment of
the AJPA, these factors remain relevant under s 12(1)(a) of the AJPA (Wham
Kwok Han Jolovan v Attorney-General and other appeals [2020] 1 SLR 804
(“Jolovan Wham”) at [49]), and in my view, for sentencing under s 12(1)(b) of
the AJPA as well. These factors include:

(a) the culpability of the contemnor;

(b) the nature and gravity of the contempt;

(c) the seriousness of the occasion on which the contempt was committed;

(d) the number of contemptuous statements made;

(e) the type and extent of dissemination of the contemptuous statements;

(f) the importance of deterring would-be contemnors from following suit;

(g) whether the contemnor is a repeat offender; and

(h) whether or not the contemnor was remorseful (for example, by issuing a
sincere apology).

6 Next, I turn to s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA, which concerns contempt in the face
of the court. In dealing with contempt in the face of the court, the High
Court in You Xin v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2007] 4 SLR(R) 17
(“You Xin”) noted at [78] that the court should consider (a) the likely
interference with the due administration of justice and (b) the contemnor’s
culpability. I agree with the AG that although You Xin was decided before the
enactment of the AJPA, there is no reason why the broad sentencing approach
should not be applicable to contempt under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA. I should add
that clearly, these are non-exhaustive considerations.

7 Finally, I turn to the sentencing considerations for contempt under s
3(1)(e) of the AJPA. While there are no reported precedents dealing with s
3(1)(e), I agree with the AG that, much like scandalising contempt, the
mischief that s 3(1)(e) seeks to address are acts which undermine, or pose a
real risk of undermining, the administration of justice. Accordingly, I am of
the view that in sentencing a contemnor for contempt under s 3(1)(e) of the
AJPA, a court should have regard to the same non-exhaustive factors applicable
to scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA (see [5] above).

8 With that said, I turn to the parties’ sentencing submissions.

The parties’ sentencing submissions

9 It is not in dispute that Mr Ravi was suffering from a hypomanic episode of
bipolar disorder at the material time, and that this contributed to his
offending conduct. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions on Sentence (“AWS”) at para 13.

Where the parties differ, however, is on the mitigating weight to be accorded
to this. In determining Mr Ravi’s culpability, this forms a key area of
dispute between the parties.

10 On this score, the AG’s position is that the mitigating weight of Mr Ravi’s
bipolar disorder is limited, as it did not significantly impair his ability to
exercise self-control and restraint such that his culpability in the
circumstances is reduced. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AWS at paras 13–15.

In contrast, Mr Ravi’s position is that his bipolar disorder had a substantial
impact on his behaviour at the material time. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Ravi’s Reply Written Submissions on Sentence (“RWS”) at para 6.2 and 7.10.

At the hearing before me, Mr Ravi also emphasised the high level of stress he
was under, as a result of his pro bono representation of 27 individuals
awaiting capital punishment. Such stress affected his emotional state, and he
was experiencing “heightened emotions”. It was against this backdrop that he
committed the acts. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Notes of Evidence of 23 October 2023 (“NEs”), p 13 line 11 to p 14 line 1.

11 As the AG’s position is that the mitigating value of Mr Ravi’s bipolar
disorder is limited, the AG argues that when weighed against the other
aggravating factors and the nature and gravity of the offending acts, the
custodial threshold is crossed for all the instances of contempt. Accordingly,
the AG seeks the following sentences: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AWS at para 80.

Instance of contempt| Provision in AJPA| Sentence  
---|---|---  
SUM 670  
Second | s 3(1)(a)| Two weeks’ imprisonment  
Third | s 3(1)(d)| One week’s imprisonment  
Fourth | s 3(1)(d)| Two weeks’ imprisonment   
Fifth | s 3(1)(d)| Two weeks’ imprisonment  
SUM 669  
Sixth | s 3(1)(a)| Three weeks’ imprisonment  
Seventh | s 3(1)(d)| Two weeks’ imprisonment  
Eighth | s 3(1)(a)| Three weeks’ imprisonment  
Ninth | s 3(1)(e)| One week’s imprisonment  
Tenth | s 3(1)(e)| One week’s imprisonment  
  
12 The AG proposes that the sentence imposed for either the Second, Fourth or
Fifth Instance of contempt be ordered to run consecutively with the sentence
imposed for either the Sixth Instance or the Eighth Instance of contempt, as
these are unrelated instances of contempt committed on different occasions
before different judges, resulting in an aggregate sentence of five weeks’
imprisonment. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AWS at para 84.

13 Mr Ravi, on the other hand, contends that imprisonment should be imposed as
punishment only as a last resort. The custodial threshold is not crossed in
any of the instances of contempt for which he has been found liable. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

RWS at para 6.12.

At the hearing before me, Mr Ravi stated that the AG has been “overzealous… in
this prosecution” against him, and that “it is an overkill”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NEs, p 10 lines 4 to 6.

He further took issue with the unavailability of the Mandatory Treatment Order
(“MTO”), provided for under s 339 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012
Rev Ed) (“CPC”) as a sentencing option for certain offences, as a form of
punishment for contempt proceedings. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NEs, p 11 lines 6 to 21.

As I understand it, Mr Ravi’s point is that within the criminal justice
regime, there is a greater recognition of the effect of mental conditions on
offending, with efforts made to address the underlying mental conditions of
offenders. It is unfair that the MTO is not available to him for the present
transgressions. To sum up, Mr Ravi submits that appropriate fines should be
imposed instead in respect of each instance of contempt. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

RWS at para 14.1.

14 Based on the parties’ written and oral submissions on their overall
positions, especially on the question of whether the custodial threshold is
crossed, I distil arguments in relation to four factors common to all the
instances of contempt. As mentioned, the first is Mr Ravi’s bipolar disorder –
and in considering Mr Ravi’s culpability, the mitigating weight to be accorded
to it. The other three factors are: (a) Mr Ravi’s status as a senior lawyer;
(b) Mr Ravi’s history of misconduct within the courtroom; and (c) Mr Ravi’s
lack of remorse. Broadly, the parties disagree on their relevance and/or
weight as aggravating factors. Furthermore, considering these four factors in
the round – against the context of the nature and gravity of the offending
acts (individually and collectively), the parties disagree as to whether the
custodial threshold is crossed. I shall set out their arguments in more detail
in due course. In relation to the appropriate sentence for each instance of
contempt, the parties also raise specific contentions.

The issues

15 From the foregoing, the issues before me are whether the custodial
threshold is crossed for Mr Ravi’s contemptuous conduct in SUM 670 and SUM
669, and depending on my finding on the first issue, the appropriate sentences
to be imposed for each instance of contempt. Thereafter, the appropriate
global sentence to be imposed for Mr Ravi is to be considered.

Whether the custodial threshold is crossed

16 Turning to the first issue, I will address the arguments raised in relation
to the four factors which feature across all the instances of contempt (see
[14] above). Thereafter, I will weigh my views on these four factors against
the nature and gravity of Mr Ravi’s contemptuous acts (individually and
collectively), to determine whether the custodial threshold is crossed.

The bipolar disorder

17 I begin with Mr Ravi’s bipolar disorder. As a general principle, an
offender’s mental condition is relevant to sentencing if it lessens the
offender’s culpability for the offence and therefore justifies a reduced
sentence. Accordingly, the sentencing court must examine the nature and
severity of the mental condition and its impact on the commission of the
offence: Public Prosecutor v Chia Kee Chen and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 249
at [112].

18 To reiterate, the AG’s position is that the mitigating weight of Mr Ravi’s
bipolar disorder is limited. Mr Ravi’s condition did not significantly impair
his ability to exercise self-control and restraint such that his culpability
is reduced. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AWS at paras 13–15.

That said, the AG accepts that there is some contributory link between Mr
Ravi’s condition and his offending conduct in the present case, and
accordingly, some weight, albeit limited, can be accorded to Mr Ravi’s
condition as a mitigating factor in sentencing. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AWS at para 17.

19 To elaborate, the AG says that there is an absence of evidence that Mr
Ravi’s bipolar disorder had a material contribution to his offending conduct.
In particular, the two medical reports tendered by Mr Ravi (ie, a medical
report issued by Dr Yeo Chen Kuan Derrick (“Dr Yeo”), his treating
psychiatrist at the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”), dated 6 December 2021,
and an outpatient forensic assessment issued by Dr Lim Kim Wai (“Dr Lim”), an
IMH psychiatrist, dated 28 June 2022), do not state that there was a
substantial diminution in Mr Ravi’s ability to exercise self-control during
the material time or that his consciousness was impaired in light of his
mental condition. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AWS at para 14.

By way of background, Dr Yeo’s report was obtained pursuant to the Law
Society’s request for a professional opinion as to whether Mr Ravi continued
to be medically fit to practise as an advocate and solicitor, and he examined
Mr Ravi on 2 December 2021. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Dr Yeo’s report dated 6 December 2021 at paras 1 and 2.

On the other hand, Dr Lim’s opinion was sought by Mr Ravi as to “whether the
relapse in [Mr Ravi’s] Bipolar Disorder contributed to and/or caused” the
incidents which are the subject of the present contempt proceedings, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of Ravi S/O Madasamy filed on 16 August 2022 at para 9.

and she examined Mr Ravi on 15 and 27 June 2022. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Dr Lim’s report dated 28 June 2022 at para 3(a).

20 By way of comparison, the AG refers to Mr Ravi’s mental condition at the
time of a separate instance of impugned conduct, which formed the basis of a
disciplinary proceeding against him in 2015: see The Law Society of Singapore
v Ravi s/o Madasamy [2015] SGDT 5 (“Ravi DT (2015)”). There, the Disciplinary
Tribunal accepted that Mr Ravi’s mental condition was so serious that his
ability to make rational judgments was impaired, and that he had little or no
control over his actions (Ravi DT (2015) at [84]). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AWS at para 15.

It is relevant that the Disciplinary Tribunal observed that the evidence given
by the Law Society’s psychiatrist, Dr Tan Kay Seng Tommy (“Dr Tan”), supported
and confirmed the diagnosis and opinion of Mr Ravi’s psychiatrist, Dr Munidasa
Winslow. Crucially, Dr Tan found Mr Ravi’s to be suffering from an acute
relapse of his psychiatric condition at that material time which had been “a
substantial cause” of his conduct and behaviour the subject of the
disciplinary proceeding, and that Mr Ravi had had “little or no control over
his actions” (Ravi DT (2015) at [83]). This stands in contrast to the present
case, where there is no expert opinion or evidence that Mr Ravi’s condition
substantially affected his culpability at the material time.

21 Mr Ravi’s position, however, is that his bipolar disorder at the material
time was serious and played a significant role in his commission of the
contemptuous acts. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

RWS at paras 5.11 and 7.6.

For the avoidance of doubt, Mr Ravi states that he does not seek to suggest
that he bears no responsibility for his conduct as a result of his bipolar
disorder. Instead, Mr Ravi highlights the substantial effect his condition had
on him at the material time, which, in Mr Ravi’s view, substantially reduces
his culpability. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

RWS at paras 7.10 and 9.1–9.4.

In this connection, Mr Ravi explains that his mental disorder is lifelong, and
that he requires ongoing medical treatment and supervision. He has been known
to the IMH since 2008. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

RWS at para 5.1.

Mr Ravi refers to the medical reports by Dr Yeo and Dr Lim to support the case
that his bipolar disorder at the material time was serious and is, therefore,
a significant mitigating factor that reduces his culpability.

22 I turn to Dr Yeo’s report. Mr Ravi was examined by Dr Yeo on 2 December
2021. During that medical examination, Dr Yeo found Mr Ravi to be exhibiting
pressured speech, flight of ideas, and an abnormal, persistent and irritable
mood. Dr Yeo further observed that Mr Ravi exhibited grandiose beliefs and was
excessively talkative and disparaging of others. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Dr Yeo’s report dated 6 December 2021 at para 3.

In Dr Yeo’s professional opinion, he concluded: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Dr Yeo’s report dated 6 December 2021 at paras 4 and 6.

4\. [Mr Ravi] was assessed clinically to be in a Hypomanic Episode of Bipolar
Disorder. This is a distinct period of abnormally and persistently elevated
and irritable mood associated with persistently increased activity and energy
levels. Though the episode is not severe enough to necessitate admission to
hospital, he clearly showed some impairment in his social occupational
functioning and it was clearly a noticeable change from his usual behaviour.

…

6\. Based on the information made available to me and my assessment of the
subject on 02/12/2021, I am of the considered opinion that at this juncture,
the subject is mentally unwell due to a relapse of his bipolar disorder. This
would adversely affect his ability to conduct himself professionally and
adequately in his work as an advocate and solicitor. Hence at this juncture, I
am of the opinion that he would not be fit to practice as an advocate and
solicitor until his hypomanic symptoms have sufficiently abated …

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in bold italics]

23 As regards Dr Lim’s report dated 28 June 2022 following her examination of
Mr Ravi in June 2022, she stated, inter alia, under the heading “Defendant’s
Account of Alleged Offences” [emphasis added in bold italics], that Mr Ravi
had been having “many thoughts in his head about his current case, other death
penalty cases as well” and that his “thoughts were jumping from one point to
another” when he appeared before Lim J. As Mr Ravi felt that Lim J was rude
towards him, he became angry and was unable to hold back, leading to him
accusing Lim J of being biased. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Dr Lim’s report dated 28 June 2022 at paras 23 and 24.

Dr Lim concluded her report by stating her professional opinion: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Dr Lim’s report dated 28 June 2022 at paras 33(a) and 33(b).

33\. I am of the opinion that:

a. [Mr Ravi] has a Bipolar Disorder and was in relapse at the time of the
alleged offences.

b. During the timeframe (November 2021 onwards) where the alleged offence was
committed, [Mr Ravi] experienced hypomanic symptoms as reported by himself and
family members. These symptoms continued to be present and were also observed
by his Doctor (Dr. Derrick Yeo) in the IMH Outpatient clinic on 2nd December
2021 where he was assessed to be in relapse of his Bipolar disorder with
prominent hypomanic symptoms.

Therefore, there is a contributory link to the alleged charges as he was in
relapse of his bipolar disorder, displaying flight of ideas, pressured speech
and irritability during this time frame which contributed to his demeanor in
court leading to contempt in court and conduct issues in his behavior.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

24 In arriving at this opinion, Dr Lim explained that she had relied on the
following sources of information: (a) her examinations of Mr Ravi on the two
occasions in June 2022, which appeared to consist largely of self-reporting;
(b) corroborative evidence from Mr Ravi’s sister as to Mr Ravi’s observed
behaviour during the period of early November 2021; (c) the medical reports by
Mr Ravi’s previous doctors, including Dr Yeo’s report dated 6 December 2021;
(d) the charge sheet of the index offence; and (e) the report and summary of
facts by the investigating officer. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Dr Lim’s report dated 28 June 2022 at para 3.

25 Mr Ravi contends that if his bipolar disorder at the material time was not
serious, Dr Yeo would not have indicated in his report that if Mr Ravi’s
hypomania did not improve with the change in medication he prescribed, Dr Yeo
would recommend that Mr Ravi be hospitalised. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

RWS at para 7.2.

Mr Ravi also says that, while he was not hospitalised, he had had to suspend
his practice as an advocate and solicitor, and argues that this is an
indication that his symptoms did in fact seriously disrupt his occupational
functioning at the material time. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

RWS at para 7.5.

This is by virtue of the fact that following Dr Yeo’s examination, Mr Ravi had
to cease his practice because, in Dr Yeo’s opinion, he was unable to conduct
himself appropriately as a legal professional. Indeed, Dr Yeo opined, inter
alia, that Mr Ravi’s condition carried a potential risk of harm to Mr Ravi and
his clients. Accordingly, the AG’s claim that there is little evidence to
suggest that Mr Ravi’s mental condition affected his capacity to exercise
self-control and restraint is untenable. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

RWS at para 7.6.

26 To sum up, Mr Ravi takes issue with the AG’s position (at [18]–[19] above)
on the following grounds: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

RWS at paras 7.6–7.7.

(a) First, the AG’s position is taken without the support of any medical
authority or expert.

(b) Second, the AG’s assertion is contradicted by two medical doctors, namely,
Dr Yeo and Dr Lim, who have set out the hypomanic symptoms that Mr Ravi
exhibited.

(c) Third, the AG’s assertion is at odds with its own acceptance that Mr
Ravi’s bipolar disorder had a contributory link to his contemptuous acts. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See AWS at paras 13 and 17.

(d) Fourth, the AG’s submission ignores Dr Yeo’s recommendation to the Law
Society in December 2021 that Mr Ravi should cease practising as a lawyer
immediately until his symptoms were under control.

(e) Fifth, the AG’s argument appears to be based solely on the fact that the
reports of Dr Yeo and Dr Lim did not expressly use the words “substantial
diminution in self-control” in describing the effects of Mr Ravi’s bipolar
disorder on him at the material time.

(f) Sixth, the AG’s submission demonstrates a poor understanding of bipolar
disorder. For instance, the AG wrongly referred to the decision of the
Disciplinary Tribunal in Ravi DT (2015) to illustrate that Mr Ravi’s mental
condition in 2015 was much more serious than that at the material time in
2021. In reality, the symptoms exhibited by Mr Ravi in 2015, which led the
Disciplinary Tribunal in Ravi DT (2015) to conclude that his ability to make
rational judgments was impaired, were all present during the material time in
2021.

27 Following from Mr Ravi’s position that his culpability was reduced by
virtue of his serious and contributory bipolar disorder, Mr Ravi says that the
weight to be accorded to the sentencing principle of deterrence, both general
and specific, must necessarily be reduced. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

RWS at paras 9.1–9.4.

28 In my judgment, while I agree that Mr Ravi’s bipolar disorder had a
contributory link to his conduct, I am unable to accept that Mr Ravi’s
culpability for his contemptuous acts is significantly reduced by virtue of
his bipolar disorder. To begin with, neither medical report expressly
concludes that there was a substantial diminution in Mr Ravi’s ability to
exercise self-control at the material time (see [22] and [23] above). I
observe that, on the one hand, Mr Ravi takes issue with the AG’s reliance on
the fact that the medical reports did not use the words “substantial
diminution in self-control” to support the position that his bipolar disorder
was not serious. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

RWS at para 7.6(v).

Yet, on the other hand, Mr Ravi is also seeking to draw a conclusion (ie, that
his bipolar disorder substantially contributed to his offending conduct) that
was not expressly stated in the reports. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

RWS at para 6.2 and 7.6.

I reiterate that Dr Lim’s finding was simply that there was a “contributory
link between the alleged charges as he was in relapse of bipolar disorder”.

29 I also note that, at the material time, Mr Ravi’s license was conditional
upon his mental fitness to practise. Indeed, Dr Yeo’s report was drawn up in
response to the Law Society’s query as to whether Mr Ravi was medically fit to
practise as an advocate and solicitor. This explains why Dr Yeo had to caution
that Mr Ravi posed a potential risk of harm to himself and his clients should
he continue with his professional practice. I also note that Dr Yeo stated
that the episode was not severe enough to necessitate admission, but that
there remained a possibility that he would recommend that Mr Ravi be warded
should his condition fail to improve upon review. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Dr Yeo’s report dated 6 December 2021 at paras 4 and 7.

30 However, in my view, such aspects of Dr Yeo’s report do not have the effect
that Mr Ravi hopes to produce. Dr Yeo’s report had not been directed towards
Mr Ravi’s ability to control or understand the consequences of his actions
which would be relevant to the issue of culpability. Dr Yeo’s opinion was that
Mr Ravi was unfit to practise law, and that Mr Ravi might have to be admitted
for a period of treatment at IMH should his condition not improve. That Mr
Ravi was unfit to practise law (a professional practice which imposes exacting
demands), and the possibility that he might require inpatient treatment upon
review, simply do not suffice to support a conclusion that Mr Ravi’s capacity
to exercise self-control at the material time was in fact substantially
impaired.

31 I should add that it is undisputed that Mr Ravi has a history of bipolar
disorder (Mr Ravi was admitted to the IMH on no less than four occasions over
the years). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Dr Lim’s report dated 28 June 2022 at para 13.

Further, Mr Ravi was previously suspended as a practising lawyer as a result
of his non-compliance with medical treatment. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Dr Lim’s report dated 28 June 2022 at para 9.

He recognised that “persons suffering from bipolar disorder must seek
treatment and management of their condition” and “[o]therwise, it is only a
matter of time before a hypomanic or manic episode occurs”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

RWS at para 7.2.

Accordingly, Mr Ravi was amply aware of the importance of paying close
attention to his mental health, as he undertook his duties and
responsibilities as a practising lawyer. This he did not do. Despite being
aware of his mental condition and the need for proper management of his
condition in light of his profession, it would seem that Mr Ravi did little to
guard against the effects of his bipolar disorder, or to manage them should
things go awry. First, Mr Ravi admitted to being non-compliant with his
medication regime around the time, specifically, that he had “[forgotten] to
take medications on some days”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Dr Lim’s report dated 28 June 2022 at para 29.

Second, Mr Ravi knew that his actions on 9 November 2021 (which form the
subject matter of the Second to Fourth Instances of contempt) were wrong, or
at least earned the strong disapprobation of the judge in question. Yet, Mr
Ravi saw it fit to return the next morning to proffer more insults that were
similar in nature to those made the day before against DJ Chay before walking
out of the courtroom. Third, despite having made disparaging actions towards
DJ Chay, Mr Ravi failed to seek any professional intervention or stop his
practice following the proceedings before DJ Chay. Instead, he decided to
continue practising and appear before Lim J less than two weeks later, leading
to the commission of more acts of contempt.

32 At the end of the day, I recognise, as supported by the medical reports,
that Mr Ravi’s bipolar disorder had a contributory link to his conduct. Thus,
I rely on them to reach the view that Mr Ravi’s bipolar disorder contributed
to his offending conduct and affected his capacity to exercise self-control at
the material time. However, I do not agree that Mr Ravi’s bipolar disorder was
so serious at the material time that it substantially impaired his capacity to
exercise self-control and appreciate the nature and wrongfulness of his
conduct. Further, given Mr Ravi’s repeated failures to comply with his
treatment regime and take other steps to guard against relapses discussed
above at [31], it is difficult to make much of his complaint about any alleged
unfairness arising from the unavailability of the MTO in respect of the
contemptuous acts (see [13] above). Even if I were to take Mr Ravi’s argument
on the unavailability of the MTO at its highest, suitability for treatment and
likelihood of compliance are relevant factors in determining whether an MTO
ought to be made: see ss 339(3)(b) and 339(5)(a) of the CPC. In fact, in light
of Mr Ravi’s history dealing with his bipolar disorder, it seems to me that
the sentencing principle of deterrence, both general and specific, remains
relevant. Accordingly, at best, I would only accord moderate weight to this
factor.

Standing as a senior lawyer

33 The second area concerns Mr Ravi’s standing as a senior lawyer. According
to the AG, Mr Ravi’s culpability is high as he was a senior lawyer at the
material time. Under r 9(1)(a) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules 2015 (“LP(PC)R”), a legal practitioner is duty bound to “assist in the
administration of justice, and must act honourably in the interests of the
administration of justice”. By his conduct, Mr Ravi has breached this and
other duties imposed on legal practitioners. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See eg, AWS at paras 24 and 38.

In particular, with respect to Mr Ravi’s unfounded allegations against both DJ
Chay and Lim J in open court while carrying out his professional duties, they
would carry greater weight as compared to if similar allegations had been made
by a lay person, consequently undermining public confidence in the
administration of justice to a greater degree. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See AWS at paras 24 and 51.

34 On the other hand, Mr Ravi’s position is that while particular duties were
reposed in him as an advocate and solicitor, the mere fact that he was a
lawyer at the material time cannot ipso facto be an aggravating factor when he
is being sentenced for contempt. The primary purpose of the AJPA is to
safeguard the administration of justice and not to punish legal practitioners
for breaches of their professional duties. Subjecting Mr Ravi to a heavier
penalty for contempt because his actions constituted a breach of professional
conduct rules would also amount to double punishment. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

RWS at para 13.2.

35 I accept that the purpose of the AJPA is not to punish legal practitioners
for breach of their professional duties per se. However, I disagree with Mr
Ravi’s claim that his status as a senior lawyer ought not to be considered as
relevant. As Mr Ravi acknowledges, the AJPA safeguards the administration of
justice. On that score, lawyers have a duty to assist in administration of
justice. Thus, in discharging their professional duties, lawyers are held to
high standards – standards not imposed on laypersons. When a lawyer commits
contempt, effectively failing to safeguard the administration of justice, it
is surely an aggravating circumstance. In particular, as the AG points out, in
respect of Mr Ravi’s allegations in open court, those would have carried more
weight than if made by a layperson, thereby posing a greater risk to public
confidence in the administration of justice. I agree that Mr Ravi’s status as
a senior lawyer when he committed the acts of contempt is an aggravating
factor.

History of misconduct within the courtroom

36 The third area concerns the relevance and/or weight to be accorded to Mr
Ravi’s history of misconduct within the courtroom. The AG argues that Mr
Ravi’s record of misconduct within the courtroom, including discourtesy
towards judges, should be taken into consideration in sentencing: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AWS at para 27.

(a) In Law Society of Singapore v Ravi Madasamy [2007] 2 SLR(R) 300 (“Ravi C3J
(2007)”), Mr Ravi was found guilty of misconduct under s 83(2)(h) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“LPA”) and suspended for a year by the
Court of Three Judges in response to Mr Ravi’s conduct before a District Judge
where Mr Ravi admitted to (a) turning his back on the District Judge while
being addressed; (b) remaining seated while being addressed by the District
Judge; (c) speaking in loud tones to the Prosecuting Officer whilst mention
cases were being carried out, thereby interfering with the court proceedings;
and (d) responding to the District Judge in an unbecoming manner.

(b) In The Law Society of Singapore v Ravi s/o Madasamy [2012] SGDT 12 (“Ravi
DT (2012)”), Mr Ravi pleaded guilty to a charge of misconduct under s 83(2)(h)
of the LPA for, inter alia, claiming during a hearing in chambers that the
High Court Judge was racially prejudiced. Mr Ravi was ordered to pay a penalty
of $3,000 by the Disciplinary Tribunal.

(c) In The Law Society of Singapore v Ravi s/o Madasamy [2020] SGDT 8 (“Ravi
DT (2020)”), the Disciplinary Tribunal found that Mr Ravi intended to cast
aspersions of bias against Prosecutors and a District Judge. Whilst the
Disciplinary Tribunal held that Mr Ravi’s misconduct did not rise to the level
of establishing due cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action under
s 83 of the LPA, the tribunal nonetheless recommended that Mr Ravi pay a
monetary penalty of not less than $10,000 sufficient and appropriate to the
misconduct (Ravi DT (2020) at [246]).

37 Apart from these three disciplinary actions, Mr Ravi also misconducted
himself in the courtroom in three of the following cases as counsel:

(a) In Chee Siok Chin and another v Attorney-General [2006] 4 SLR(R) 541,
during the hearing in chambers, there was an outburst between Mr Ravi and the
opposing counsel. This prompted the High Court Judge to direct Mr Ravi to
continue with his submissions, whereupon Mr Ravi accused her of being biased
and asked her to recuse herself on the ground of actual bias, which she
refused to do. Subsequently, when Mr Ravi’s application for the originating
summons to be heard in open court was refused, Mr Ravi walked out of the
hearing in chambers with his clients as his clients refused to continue to
participate in the proceeding without it being heard in open court.

(b) In Norasharee bin Gous v Public Prosecutor [2021] 2 SLR 140, Mr Ravi
accused a High Court Judge of “apparent bias by prejudgment” several times in
his written submissions. The Court of Appeal observed that Mr Ravi’s
submissions lacked courtesy and that his criticisms of the Prosecution and the
investigating officers were rather unwarranted.

(c) In Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Attorney-General and another matter
[2022] 2 SLR 211, Mr Ravi was granted leave by the Court of Appeal to sit
beside the appellant’s counsel at the bar during the hearing to provide her
with “technical support”. However, it later became obvious that the
appellant’s counsel would not take any position in relation to the case or the
arguments without Mr Ravi’s substantive inputs, as almost every answer she
gave in response to questions from the court during the hearing was preceded
by a discussion with Mr Ravi. The Court of Appeal observed that Mr Ravi was
not permitted to act as a solicitor at the time, and further observed that it
was disrespectful to the court for such conduct to be carried on in its sight
and in a manner that was wholly contrary to what counsel had conveyed to the
court.

38 Conversely, Mr Ravi’s position is that none of the above cases referred to
by the AG are relevant, as he had not been convicted of contempt for those
instances of misconduct as such. The present proceedings are Mr Ravi’s first
such convictions. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

RWS at para 11.12(iii).

In this connection, Mr Ravi relies on the case of Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public
Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122 (“Vasentha (HC)”) at [62] for the proposition that
a court ought not take into account offences in respect of which a person has
not been found guilty, entered a plea of guilt, or consented to being taken
into consideration, for purposes of sentencing.

39 In my judgment, contrary to Mr Ravi’s position that his history of
misconduct within the courtroom is irrelevant to the present sentencing
exercise, it is clear that the court is entitled to take into account an
offender’s conviction in a disciplinary proceeding as a relevant antecedent if
it is similar to the present offence: Tan Gek Young v Public Prosecutor [2017]
5 SLR 820 at [97]–[98]. This must be so as a conviction in a relevant
disciplinary proceeding must be preceded by a plea of guilt or the
establishment of the charge or charges beyond a reasonable doubt.

40 Furthermore, as the AG argued at the hearing before me, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NEs, p 5 lines 3 to 13.

Vasentha (HC) may be distinguished. There, the court was concerned more
narrowly with the question of whether “convincing evidence” of prior criminal
conduct which had not formed the subject of any charges brought against the
offender, as adduced in a Statement of Facts, ought to be taken into account
for the purposes of enhancing a sentence even if there has been no conviction
(Vasentha (HC) at [60]–[61]). In that case, the offender appealed against the
District Judge’s sentence of 11 years’ imprisonment for a single charge of
possession of 8.98g of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking under s
5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), on
the ground that the sentence was manifestly excessive. Among other matters,
whilst the District Judge had accepted that the appellant was a “first time
offender” in so far as she did not have any past convictions, he went on to
conclude that she was an “experienced offender” and considered this to be a
“significant aggravating factor” in sentencing (Public Prosecutor v Vasentha
d/o Joseph [2014] SGDC 315 (“Vasentha (DC)” at [25]). In arriving at this
decision, the District Judge relied on the agreed Statement of Facts which
stated that between October 2012 and the day the offender was arrested, on 5
November 2012, she had been selling drugs to various people prior to her
arrest (Vasentha (DC) at [7] and [25]). However, as the High Court observed in
Vasentha (HC), the Prosecution had no evidence to suggest that the appellant
was part of a syndicate (at [5]). As against this context, the High Court
therefore expressed the principle cited by Mr Ravi at [38] above in relation
to offences for which charges were never brought.

41 In the present case, at least three of the cases cited by the AG, namely,
Ravi C3J (2007), Ravi DT (2012) and Ravi DT (2020) (see [36] above), involved
Mr Ravi’s disciplinary proceedings for misconduct towards judges. Thus, while
this might be Mr Ravi’s first time being charged and convicted of contempt of
court, as I stated above at [39], in his convictions in disciplinary
proceedings (which are quasi-criminal in nature), he has been found to have
engaged in substantially similar behaviour. That said, the AG has also cited
three other cases where the courts made specific observations on Mr Ravi’s bad
behaviour while acting as counsel. Having distinguished Vasentha (HC), the AG
argued that such instances are relevant. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NEs, p 5 lines 7 to 8.

I do not, however, consider it necessary to rely on them for sentencing
purposes.

42 Accordingly, I take the three convictions in disciplinary proceedings into
account in sentencing. In particular, I note that Mr Ravi has not been
deterred by the financial penalties imposed as sanction in two of those cases.

Lack of remorse

43 I turn to the issue of the lack of remorse on Mr Ravi’s part. According to
the AG, Mr Ravi has failed to display any remorse for his actions, as he has
neither issued an apology nor retracted his allegations against either DJ Chay
or Lim J. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AWS at paras 26, 40, 53, 63 and 77.

Additionally, he also sought to rely on the ground of fair criticism (which I
had earlier rejected) in connection with his allegations against DJ Chay and
Lim J, which form the basis of the Second, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and Eighth
Instances of contempt. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AWS at paras 26, 40, and 53.

44 Mr Ravi, however, argues that the AG is wrong to claim that he does not
take responsibility for his actions. Mr Ravi says that it was reasonable for
him to have argued that he lacked the requisite intention to be held liable
for contempt since “the relevance of mental disorder to the intent and/or
foreseeability required under the AJPA had not previously been considered”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

RWS at para 10.1.

Furthermore, Mr Ravi made no attempt to shy away from the wrongfulness of his
actions in his affidavits filed on 16 August 2022 or his written submissions
to the court on the liability stage of these proceedings. Finally, this is
simply not a case where the contemnor has insisted on the truth of their
statements or that he has done nothing wrong, as was the case in some of the
precedent cases. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

RWS at paras 10.2–10.5.

45 It is well-accepted that a lack of remorse may constitute an aggravating
factor in sentencing: Thong Sing Hock v Public Prosecutor [2009] 3 SLR(R) 47
(“Thong Sing Hock") at [56]–[58]; Shadrake Alan at [147]. While the court
ought to be slow to infer a lack of remorse simply from the accused’s decision
to claim trial or appeal a decision, it should not hesitate to do so in a
clear case, such as where an offender takes his objections too far or persists
in creating a spectacle in court: Thong Sing Hock at [61]–[62]).

46 In this regard, I agree that Mr Ravi’s actions clearly evince a lack of
remorse on his part. In his written submissions for the purposes of
determining liability, Mr Ravi attempts to demonstrate otherwise by claiming
to “now recognise with profound regret that his thought process and statement
was utterly unfounded and regrettable”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions on Liability dated 27 September 2022 at paras
28 and 88.

There were also other general expressions of remorse. However, apart from
statements in the written submissions on liability, I can see no other
evidence of genuine remorse on his part. To be clear, Mr Ravi was entirely
within his rights to resist liability on the ground of his bipolar disorder. I
do not fault him for this, and do not think that this shows a lack of remorse.
However, I note that even in his oral arguments for the purpose of sentencing,
Mr Ravi characterised the present proceedings as being an “overkill”, and the
AG as being “overzealous” in pursuing these proceedings against him (see [13]
above). Further, Mr Ravi has to date not offered any personal apology to
either DJ Chay or Lim J. Moreover, his attempt to rely on “fair criticism” as
a defence in respect of his allegations against DJ Chay and Lim J in the
course of oral submissions on liability, severely undermines his attempt to
distinguish cases in which the contemnor insisted on the truth of their
statements or that they had otherwise done nothing wrong. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AWS at para 26, 40, 53.

There are other indications of his lack of remorse in relation to the specific
instances of contempt, which I shall detail in due course.

Nature and gravity of the offending behaviour

47 Having expressed my views on these factors, I now draw together the
different threads, and consider them in the context of the offending acts
(individually and collectively).

48 While I am cognisant of the mitigating effect of Mr Ravi’s bipolar
disorder, this is far outweighed by the seriousness of his offending acts. His
culpability remains high. Furthermore, as discussed above, the fact that he
was a senior lawyer carrying out his professional duties, his related
antecedents of misconduct, and his lack of remorse, constitute clear
aggravating factors. Taking all these considerations into account, it is my
view that, on balance, the custodial threshold has been crossed for all the
instances of contempt. I elaborate.

49 In the Second and Sixth Instances of contempt, which involve contempt by
scandalising the court, Mr Ravi accused DJ Chay and Lim J respectively of
being biased without basis. In the Eighth Instance of contempt, he
intentionally made a number of allegations against Lim J that impugned the
propriety of the court. Not only did Mr Ravi’s contemptuous statements contain
serious allegations, Mr Ravi’s sheer and unmitigated contempt was levelled
against the two judges directly in open court. Whilst there is no presumptive
starting point of imprisonment for the offence of scandalising contempt
(Shadrake Alan at [148]), and the sanction to be imposed will necessarily
depend on the precise facts and context of each case, I am satisfied that the
custodial threshold in respect of each of the Second, Sixth and Eight
Instances of contempt are crossed in the present case.

50 With regards to Mr Ravi’s intentional interruption of both DJ Chay and Lim
J (in the Third and Seventh Instances of contempt, respectively), Mr Ravi’s
conduct was clearly calculated to interrupt court proceedings. Mr Ravi seeks
to rely on You Xin at [78] for the proposition that a term of imprisonment is
reserved only for the most serious of offences of contempt in the face of the
court (see [13] above). However, the very passage which Mr Ravi cites goes on
to recognise that such conduct (namely, conduct clearly calculated to
interrupt court proceedings and to lower the authority of the court) will
usually be regarded as of sufficient severity to cross the custodial threshold
and warrant the imposition of a term of imprisonment: You Xin at [78]–[79].
For the Seventh Instance of contempt, Mr Ravi’s culpability is heightened by
the fact that Mr Ravi continued to interrupt Lim J even after Lim J expressly
warned him to stop interrupting and being rude to the court (Ravi (Liability)
at [97]).

51 Third, as regards Mr Ravi’s intentional insult of DJ Chay (in the Fourth
and Fifth Instances of contempt), I am of the view that Mr Ravi’s conduct is
particularly egregious. Through his conduct, Mr Ravi intended to belittle and
undermine DJ Chay’s authority and standing as a judge. In my view, Mr Ravi’s
reprehensible conduct warrants the court’s strong disapprobation through the
imposition of a custodial term. It bears repeating that the culpability of the
contemnor is a key factor in sentencing, and this would depend on the
seriousness of the contempt: You Xin at [78].

52 Finally, I turn to Mr Ravi’s contempt under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA (Ninth
and Tenth Instances of contempt). By his actions, Mr Ravi caused serious
interference with the administration of justice (see [87] below). Indeed, an
advocate and solicitor who acts in a manner contrary to the instructions of
his client poses a serious threat to the public trust in the administration of
justice: Loh Der Ming Andrew v Law Society of Singapore [2018] 3 SLR 837 837
(“Andrew Loh”) at [135]. Whilst this statement in Andrew Loh was made in the
context of an application for disciplinary proceedings under s 96 of the LPA,
I consider that it is equally relevant to the inquiry concerning the nature
and gravity of the contempt at hand and its impact on the due administration
of justice.

53 At this juncture, I turn to address Mr Ravi’s reliance on the contempt
proceedings brought against another senior lawyer, Mr Eugene Thuraisingam (“Mr
Thuraisingam”), for an act of scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the
AJPA. To this end, at the hearing, Mr Ravi tendered a newspaper article dated
7 August 2017 on the unreported case. Mr Ravi stated that he felt he had been
“targeted somehow” as the Prosecution did not bring up this case. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs, p 16 lines 7 to 16.

Briefly, Mr Thuraisingam had published a contemptuous post on Facebook. Once
notified that it was contemptuous, Mr Thuraisingam took down the post.
Subsequently, he pleaded guilty to the charge. The AG sought a fine of
$10,000, and the High Court imposed a fine of $6,000. Mr Ravi’s argument
appears to be that a similar sentence would be appropriate in his case, given
that the nature of Mr Thuraisingam’s comments were more extreme, the
circulation was more widespread, and that unlike Mr Ravi, Mr Thuraisingam did
not suffer from bipolar disorder. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs, p 17 line 13 to p 18 line 21.

54 However, in view of the foregoing discussion, it is clear that Mr
Thuraisingam’s case is distinguishable. As the AG submitted in response, the
case was discussed in Ravi DT (2020) (at [216]–[217]). Although Mr
Thuraisingam published the contemptuous post, he immediately removed it, and
posted an unconditional apology the moment he was first notified that a
complaint had been made against him in respect of the offending post. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs, p 21 lines 14 to 21.

As noted earlier, Mr Thuraisingam also pleaded guilty to the charge. There was
clear evidence of genuine remorse, which has not been forthcoming from Mr
Ravi. Also, Mr Thuraisingam’s case concerned only one isolated instance of
contemptuous conduct, whereas Mr Ravi committed nine acts of contempt in two
separate proceedings before two separate judges. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NEs, p 21 lines 24–31.

Mr Thuraisingam’s case is therefore of little assistance to Mr Ravi.

55 In the final analysis, the egregiousness of each of Mr Ravi’s contemptuous
acts justifies the imposition of a custodial sentence in relation to each
instance of contempt. My view is further fortified by the sheer number of
offending acts in each set of proceedings. This is notwithstanding the
mitigating effect of Mr Ravi’s bipolar disorder. I should reiterate that
custodial sentences are also warranted because Mr Ravi was a senior lawyer
carrying out his professional duties, his history of misconduct in the
courtroom, and his lack of remorse.

56 With that said, in determining the term of imprisonment to be imposed for
each instance of contempt, as well as the overall imprisonment term to be
imposed on Mr Ravi, I shall once again return to these factors, especially the
mitigating factor of his bipolar disorder. I shall also consider in more
detail Mr Ravi’s argument that, taken in context, his contemptuous acts did
not cause any significant harm to the administration of justice. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

RWS at para 13.3.

Sentences in SUM 670

57 I now turn to the term of imprisonment to be imposed for each instance of
contempt, taking into account more specific considerations raised by the
parties. I begin with the Second to Fifth Instances of contempt.

Second Instance of contempt

58 The Second Instance of contempt is one of scandalising contempt under s
3(1)(a) of the AJPA, viz., the unfounded allegation against DJ Chay of being
“biased”.

59 Mr Ravi’s scandalising contempt in this instance was made in open court.
This clearly constitutes an aggravating factor: Attorney-General v Chee Soon
Juan [2006] 2 SLR(R) 650 (“Chee Soon Juan”) at [59] and Ong Wui Teck v
Attorney-General [2020] 1 SLR 855 (“Ong Wui Teck”) at [51]. Mr Ravi’s
unfounded allegations of bias against DJ Chay had directly impugned the
independence and impartiality of the judiciary, and his contempt in this
instance can therefore be said to be grave. That said, I accept that Mr Ravi’s
contempt was of relatively short duration. While made in open court, no
evidence suggests that Mr Ravi’s allegations were repeated or disseminated
beyond the courtroom. In particular, the contemptuous allegations Mr Ravi made
against DJ Chay were not repeated by Mr Magendran.

60 Mr Ravi also argues that his actions caused limited damage to the
administration of justice. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

RWS at para 8.1–8.2.

Indeed, I note that Mr Magendran discharged him and was content to proceed
with DJ Chay presiding over his criminal case. While Mr Magendran did not do
so immediately after the Second Instance of contempt occurred on 9 November
2021 (Mr Ravi appeared before DJ Chay to represent Mr Magendran on the morning
on 10 November 2021, during which he committed the acts forming the basis of
the Fifth Instance of contempt), it is the AG’s position that following the
Second Instance of contempt, “Mr Magendran stated that he would represent
himself if [Mr Ravi] failed to turn up” the next day. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Affidavit of Rimplejit Kaur filed on 7 January 2022 (“RK’s Affidavit”) at para
14.

This meant that even though Mr Magendran had not discharged Mr Ravi by that
point, Mr Magendran was prepared to carry on with DJ Chay hearing his criminal
case.

61 To the extent that Mr Ravi’s argument goes towards the lack of any
substantial harm caused to the administration of justice, I consider this to
be a neutral factor at best. Had there been evidence of such harm, such as
repetition of his contemptuous allegations by Mr Magendran or Mr Magendran
taking the allegations of bias against DJ Chay seriously and requesting a
recusal on that basis, this would clearly be an aggravating factor. But it is
trite that the absence of an aggravating factor is not mitigating: BPH v
Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 764 at [85]. Additionally,
in so far as the degree of harm resulting from his actions might have been
low, this was not the result of any moderation, restraint, or precaution on Mr
Ravi’s part. As acknowledged in his written submissions, “fortunately”, his
clients did not act on his allegations. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

RWS at para 8.1.

Mr Ravi ought not to be credited for this.

62 I next turn to examine the precedents. In Ong Wui Teck, the contemnor (“Mr
Ong”) was found liable for scandalising contempt for making a number of
allegations of bias, dishonesty and impropriety against Justice Woo Bih Li
(“Woo J”) in two affidavits filed and served in respect of a recusal
application. The trial judge’s decision to sentence Mr Ong to seven days’
imprisonment was affirmed, despite the fact that he was a first-time
contemnor. The Court of Appeal (at [46]–[51]) found that: (i) Mr Ong was not
remorseful as he refused to purge his contempt and repeated the contemptuous
statements against Woo J; (ii) Mr Ong’s allegations were not merely strongly-
worded or outspoken, they were allegations of dishonesty, impropriety and bias
made in vituperative language and a total of 18 of such allegations were made;
and (iii) Mr Ong’s conduct constituted contempt in the face of the court even
though the contemptuous statements were not verbalised, as the affidavits were
placed before Woo J.

63 In Jolovan Wham, the contemnor (“Mr Wham”) was fined $5,000 for
scandalising contempt, with one week’s imprisonment in default of payment of
the fine. Mr Wham had published a public post on Facebook, the objective
interpretation of which was that Singapore’s judges decide cases with
political implications otherwise than in accordance with their merits. The
Court of Appeal found (at [51]) that the statement in Mr Wham’s post was among
the most serious aspersions that one could cast upon a judiciary, and that Mr
Wham plainly intended to make that statement and to have it taken seriously
(Jolovan Wham at [51]). No remorse was shown by Mr Wham for his offending
conduct as he refused to remove the post from Facebook and apologise for his
conduct, even after he was found liable for contempt.

64 In Au Wai Pang v Attorney-General [2016] 1 SLR 992 (“Au Wai Pang”), the
contemnor (“Mr Au”) was fined $8,000 for publishing an article on his blog
that insinuated that the Chief Justice and Justice Quentin Loh had created a
deliberate delay in order to prevent two distinct constitutional challenges in
relation to s 377A of the Penal Code from reaching the Court of Appeal at the
same time. Mr Au had removed the contemptuous article from his blog (after
leave was granted to the AG to apply for an order of committal against him)
and apologised (at [3(d)] and [10]).

65 In my judgment, Mr Ravi’s offending conduct is at least as serious as that
of Mr Ong in Ong Wui Teck and more egregious than those of the contemnors in
Jolovan Wham and Au Wai Pang:

(a) As regards Ong Wui Teck, while Mr Ong made his contemptuous statements in
affidavits and did not verbalise his unfounded allegations, the Court of
Appeal remarked that had Mr Ong verbalised his statements, a more severe
punishment would have been warranted (Ong Wui Teck at [51]). This is the case
in Mr Ravi’s Second Instance of contempt, as Mr Ravi’s unfounded allegations
against DJ Chay were made in open court.

(b) Unlike the contemnor in Jolovan Wham, Mr Ravi’s unfounded allegations were
direct and levied against a judge in open court. In contrast, Mr Wham’s
statement was made via his Facebook post and was less direct (Mr Wham posted,
“Malaysia’s judges are more independent than Singapore’s for cases with
political implications”, but this was held to be objectively contemptuous as
an assertion that the Singapore judiciary was not independent). Furthermore,
Mr Wham was a first-time offender. On the other hand, I have found Mr Ravi has
no less than three related antecedents.

(c) As for Au Wai Ping, Mr Au apologised and purged his contempt by removing
the contemptuous article from his blog (albeit after leave was granted to the
AG to apply for an order of committal against him). In contrast, Mr Ravi
persisted in his contemptuous conduct and went on to commit even more
instances of contempt following the Second Instance. Additionally, as noted
above at [46], Mr Ravi’s lack of remorse for this incident is evident not only
from his failure to issue an apology or retract his statement against DJ Chay,
but also his attempt to avail himself of the defence of fair criticism so as
to contest liability.

66 That said, none of the contemnors in the above cases suffered from a mental
disorder that reduced their respective culpabilities at the time of their
misconduct. However, Mr Ravi was a senior lawyer while the contemnors in the
above cases are laypersons. Taking into account the mitigating effect of Mr
Ravi’s bipolar disorder, I impose a sentence of seven days’ imprisonment for
the Second Instance of contempt.

Third to Fifth Instances of contempt

67 The Third to Fifth Instances of contempt pertain to Mr Ravi’s contempt in
the face of the court on 9 and 10 November 2011 before DJ Chay, in
contravention of s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA. To recapitulate, Mr Ravi interrupted
(in the Third Instance) and insulted (in the Fourth and Fifth Instances) DJ
Chay in open court.

68 In my view, Mr Ravi’s conduct in the Third to Fifth Instances of contempt
clearly interfered with the due administration of justice. For example, during
the Third Instance, Mr Ravi continued to interrupt DJ Chay by speaking in a
language other than English before DJ Chay could finish his sentences, despite
several reminders by DJ Chay that he wished to speak with and hear from Mr
Magendran (Ravi (Liability) at [72]). That said, I note that Mr Ravi had only
made a limited number of interruptions, and the proceedings before DJ Chay
were not interrupted for a prolonged period of time as a result of Mr Ravi’s
Third to Fifth Instances of contempt.

69 As with the Second Instance of contempt, I am of the view that Mr Ravi’s
culpability is high as his actions showed a blatant disregard for the
authority of the court. As I have found in Ravi (Liability) at [77], Mr Ravi’s
verbal attacks in the Fourth and Fifth Instances were intended to belittle and
undermine DJ Chay’s standing and authority as a member of the Singapore
judiciary. Further, as I have noted (Ravi (Liability) at [83]), there was
really no reason at all for Mr Ravi to make any of those comments against DJ
Chay during the proceedings. They bore no relevance to Mr Ravi’s application
for adjournment or his application under s 395 of the CPC; nor did they relate
to any possible point of law that may have arisen.

70 In You Xin, the contemnors disrupted court proceedings by chanting with
their backs to the court despite being asked by the District Judge to stop.
The contemnors were given an opportunity to apologise and purge their contempt
but refused to do so and maintained that they did nothing wrong. The District
Judge then summarily found them in contempt and sentenced the contemnors to
two days’ imprisonment each. The sentences were upheld by the High Court, and
the court observed that the instigators or main culprits of the chanting
should have been sentenced to longer terms of imprisonment: You Xin at [86].

71 To begin, I note that the duration of contempt in You Xin as well as its
interference with the administration of justice were significant. The
contemnors there interrupted the court proceedings by chanting and continued
doing so for another two minutes after being directed by the court to cease
their conduct. The severity of disruption to court proceedings in You Xin is
evident from the fact that the proceedings could not be continued without the
District Judge invoking the summary process to deal with the contemnors – an
extreme procedure that is exercised by a judge of his own motion only when it
is urgent and imperative to act immediately: You Xin at [43], referring to the
views of Lord Denning MR in Balogh v St Albans Crown Court [1975] QB 73 at 85.

72 In contrast, Mr Ravi’s contempt did not interrupt court proceedings to the
same extent as in You Xin, and neither was DJ Chay compelled to invoke the
summary process as a result. That said, these instances of contempt are
serious in nature. Mr Ravi was a senior legal practitioner at the time
discharging his professional duties, with related antecedents. He also
displayed a lack of remorse in connection with this incident. Not only has Mr
Ravi offered no apology, but he also argued that he only made a limited number
of interruptions before “allowing” DJ Chay to speak to his client. However, as
I have pointed out, Mr Ravi was not in a position to “allow” DJ Chay to speak
(Ravi (Liability) at [73]). This further highlights Mr Ravi’s lack of genuine
remorse.

73 Weighing these factors against the mitigating effect of Mr Ravi’s bipolar
disorder, I am of the view that an imprisonment term of five days is
appropriate for the Third Instance.

74 Higher sentences are warranted for the Fourth and Fifth Instances of
contempt. After interrupting DJ Chay as charged in the Third Instance, Mr Ravi
insulted him in the Fourth Instance. Then, he returned the very next day to
offer more insults to DJ Chay. These insults were calculated to belittle DJ
Chay’s standing as a judge. Even if it did not necessitate the invocation of
the summary process, such sheer, unmitigated contempt, calculated to lower the
authority of the court, is clearly very blameworthy conduct which is
reprehensible and deserving of condemnation. Again, the same observations
regarding Mr Ravi’s lack of remorse made in connection with the Second
Instance of contempt at [65(c)], apply in respect of the Fourth and Fifth
instances of contempt as well. I impose a sentence of seven days’ imprisonment
for each of these instances of contempt.

Sentences in SUM 669

75 With that, I turn to SUM 669, which relates to Mr Ravi’s conduct in
connection with the proceedings before Lim J in the High Court.

Sixth and Eighth Instances of contempt

76 The Sixth and Eighth Instances of contempt arose from a number of Mr Ravi’s
baseless allegations, including allegations of bias, against Lim J in the High
Court. These two instances of contempt pertain to scandalising contempt
punishable under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA.

77 In relation to these two instances of contempt, Mr Ravi highlights the fact
that his client, Mr Chua, had issued a public statement that expressly
denounced Mr Ravi and his allegations against Lim J. Mr Ravi argues that this
reduced the risk of the administration of justice being undermined. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

RWS at para 13.3(ii).

78 As with his conduct before DJ Chay, Mr Ravi’s contemptuous allegations
against Lim J were made in open court, and were undoubtedly serious as they
directly impugned the independence and impartiality of the judiciary as an
institution.

79 Turning to the duration of Mr Ravi’s contempt before Lim J, it is clear
that Mr Ravi’s contempt was prolonged and sustained. This is aggravating. For
the Sixth Instance of contempt, Mr Ravi made repeated allegations regarding
Lim J’s fairness. For the Eighth Instance, Mr Ravi made no less than four
unwarranted allegations against Lim J over the span of more than 20 minutes.
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Affidavit of Wuan Kin Lek Nicholas filed on 7 January 2022 at pages 24; 30–40.

Mr Ravi as follows:

(a) stated that Lim J was the “interrogator” who was “putting words into [his]
mouth”;

(b) accused Lim J of “completely [breaching] privileged communication which is
sacrosanct”;

(c) alleged that Lim J’s directions in relation to the cross-examination
arrangements were “against the International Human Rights Law”,
“unacceptable”, an “unlawful law”, the “wrong law” and an “illegal law”; and

(d) told Lim J “don’t be rude”, that she was “not above the law” and that
“there is no rule of law in Singapore, as far as [he is] concerned”.

80 I acknowledge that as regards the extent of dissemination, Mr Ravi did not
disseminate his contemptuous statements beyond the four walls of the courtroom
even though the media carried Mr Chua’s statement denouncing Mr Ravi’s
conduct. This is unlike the contemnor in Chee Soon Juan, who prepared a
contemptuous speech and proceeded to read it out in the courtroom and then
distributed copies of that speech to members of the media outside the
courtroom.

81 That said, on the lack of any substantial harm to public confidence in the
administration of justice, this is again in my view at best a neutral factor.
As noted above at [61], while the presence of such harm would have been
aggravating, its absence does not necessarily have any mitigating effect. As
with Mr Magendran, Mr Chua’s decision to distance himself from Mr Ravi’s
conduct was the product of his own prudence, and his public disavowal was not
made at Mr Ravi’s behest. Again, Mr Ravi describes that “fortunately”, Mr Chua
acted as he did. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

RWS at para 8.1.

82 For the above reasons, I impose a sentence of 14 days’ imprisonment each
for the Sixth and Eighth Instances of contempt. Mr Ravi’s insolence is most
deplorable. He clearly had no regard for the authority of the court. Moreover,
these instances of contempt are more serious than the Second Instance as, in
contrast to the Second Instance, these instances of contempt were relentless
and prolonged. If not for the mitigating effect of Mr Ravi’s bipolar disorder,
longer sentences would have been warranted.

Seventh Instance of contempt

83 The Seventh Instance of contempt arose from Mr Ravi’s intentional and
repeated interruption of Lim J during the hearing on 22 November 2021. Mr Ravi
was found liable for this instance of contempt under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA. Mr
Ravi’s repeated interruptions of Lim J were interspersed with his unfounded
allegations against her, which form the Sixth and Eighth Instances of contempt
discussed above. The degree of interruption was more prolonged than that
caused by his behaviour before DJ Chay. A sentence higher than the five days’
imprisonment I have imposed for the Third Instance of contempt before DJ Chay
(which similarly relates to Mr Ravi’s intentional interruption of court
proceedings) is warranted. Therefore, I am of the view that a sentence of
seven days’ imprisonment is justifiable.

Ninth and Tenth Instances of contempt

84 Finally, I turn to the Ninth and Tenth Instances of contempt for which Mr
Ravi is liable. The nature of these instances of contempt is different from
the other instances. Here, Mr Ravi is liable under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA for
taking legal positions without the instructions of his client, Mr Chua. To
reiterate, Mr Ravi applied for Lim J to be disqualified on the ground of bias
(Ninth Instance) and caused his paralegal, Mr Arun, to send an email to the
Registry without instructions (Tenth Instance).

85 Specific to these two instances of contempt, Mr Ravi says that he “accepts
the finding of the court and regrets his poor decision-making hindered by his
relapse at the time”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

RWS at para 10.4.

Mr Ravi also urges the Court to treat the sentencing precedents with caution
because, in his view, s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA is widely drawn such that conduct
that did not constitute contempt of court under the common law may now fall
within the terms of s 3(1)(e). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

RWS at para 11.5.

86 In my judgment, Mr Ravi’s culpability for both instances of contempt is
considerable. For the Ninth Instance of contempt, I have noted in Ravi
(Liability) at [112] that an application for a judge to recuse or disqualify
himself or herself is one that should not be lightly made. Mr Ravi’s
application was wholly baseless and without merit, and he persisted in his
application even after Lim J ruled against it. For the Tenth Instance of
contempt, Mr Ravi knew that Mr Chua intended to discharge him and engage a new
counsel, but this material fact was completely omitted in the email he
instructed Mr Arun to send to the Registry (Ravi (Liability) at [122]). Mr
Ravi also deliberately kept Mr Chua out of the loop by specifically telling Mr
Arun not to copy the email to Mr Chua.

87 Moreover, the degree of interference with the administration of justice is
significant. As a result of Mr Ravi’s actions, Lim J had to spend time dealing
with Mr Ravi’s unmeritorious applications. Mr Ravi’s persistence in his
application, even after it was dismissed by Lim J, resulted in further
interruptions to the proceedings. Further, Mr Ravi’s actions also led to the
vacation of the original trial dates. For the Tenth Instance, Mr Ravi’s email
resulted in the Registry seeking clarifications from his law firm as to
whether Mr Chua had given instructions that he would like to proceed with the
trial after having earlier requested the Registry for an adjournment to find
and brief new counsel. Mr Ravi’s conduct in the Tenth Instance also
unnecessarily implicated his paralegal, Mr Arun.

88 In relation to these incidents, Mr Ravi’s lack of remorse is stark. Not
only has he failed to apologise, but as the AG points out, during oral
submissions at the liability stage, he also alleged that the AG’s attempt to
interview Mr Arun about the incident was a breach of privileged
communications. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AWS at para 77.

89 For the foregoing reasons, I impose a sentence of seven days’ imprisonment
each for the Ninth and Tenth Instances of contempt. For completeness, if not
for the mitigating effect of Mr Ravi’s bipolar disorder, longer sentences
would be warranted.

Overall sentences

90 To sum up, I impose the following sentences:

Instance of contempt| Provision (AJPA)| Sentence  
---|---|---  
SUM 670  
Second | s 3(1)(a)| Seven days’ imprisonment  
Third | s 3(1)(d)| Five days’ imprisonment  
Fourth | s 3(1)(d)| Seven days’ imprisonment   
Fifth | s 3(1)(d)| Seven days’ imprisonment  
SUM 669  
Sixth | s 3(1)(a)|  14 days’ imprisonment  
Seventh | s 3(1)(d)| Seven days’ imprisonment  
Eighth | s 3(1)(a)| 14 days’ imprisonment  
Ninth | s 3(1)(e)| Seven days’ imprisonment  
Tenth | s 3(1)(e)| Seven days’ imprisonment  
  
91 As regards the question of how the sentences should run, in the context of
offenders who commit multiple criminal offences, the general principle is that
the sentences of imprisonment for unrelated offences ought to be made to run
consecutively: Public Prosecutor v Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799
(“Raveen”) at [41]. This is subject to the “totality principle”, which ensures
that the global sentence is proportionate to the overall criminality of the
offender: Raveen at [65]. While contempt has been described as a sui generis
offence, I see no reason why these general principles ought not to apply.

92 In my judgment, the sentences for the Second and Sixth Instances should run
consecutively, being distinct and unrelated instances of contempt committed in
the two different sets of proceedings before different judges. The other
sentences for the remaining instances of contempt are to run concurrently.
Accordingly, Mr Ravi is committed to 21 days of imprisonment. This total
sentence is, in my view, proportionate to Mr Ravi’s overall culpability.

Conclusion

93 To conclude, it is highly reprehensible that Mr Ravi, a senior lawyer,
committed this long string of contemptuous acts while acting for clients in
two sets of proceedings. Despite being aware of his mental condition, Mr Ravi
did little to guard against or manage the effects of his bipolar disorder
while discharging his duties and responsibilities as a lawyer. In particular,
Mr Ravi was non-compliant with his medication regime. While Mr Ravi was
suffering from a relapse of his bipolar disorder at the material time, this
did not significantly impair his ability to exercise self-control and
restraint. I therefore only accorded moderate mitigating weight to his relapse
of bipolar disorder.

94 It is also clear to me that the sanctions previously imposed on Mr Ravi,
for similar misconduct in the courtroom in past disciplinary proceedings,
including financial penalties, have not deterred him. Unfortunately, Mr Ravi
has not learned from the previous chances accorded to him, and he has not
shown remorse for his actions giving rise to these proceedings. Balancing the
mitigating weight of the bipolar disorder against the numerous aggravating
factors, custodial sentences are clearly warranted. That said, in light of his
mental condition at the material time, those custodial sentences have been
calibrated downwards.

95 I will now deal with costs, and applications for further orders and
directions (if any).

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Wuan Kin Lek Nicholas, Chong Yong and Rimplejit Kaur (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Attorney-General in HC/SUM 669/2022 and HC/SUM 670/2022;

The respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Nov 2023 (12:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

