Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 320

Suit No 616 of 2021 (Registrar’s Appeals Nos 182 and 183 of 2023)

Between

Intertek Testing Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Haidir bin Mohamad Khir  
---  
  
… Defendant

Counterclaim of Defendant

Between

Haidir bin Mohamad Khir  
---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

Intertek Testing Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant in Counterclaim

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Discovery]

[Contract — Breach — Independent breach]

[Contract — Remedies — Damages]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Intertek Testing Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Haidir bin Mohamad Khir

[2023] SGHC 320

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 616 of 2021 (Registrar’s Appeals
Nos 182 and 183 of 2023)  
Goh Yihan J  
3 October 2023

8 November 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan J:

1 There are two appeals before me. They stem from the claim that the
plaintiff, Intertek Testing Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd, has brought against
the defendant, Mr Haidir bin Mohamad Khir, in the underlying suit, HC/S
616/2021 (the “Suit”). The two appeals are:

(a) HC/RA 182/2023 (“RA 182”), being the defendant’s appeal against part of
the learned Assistant Registrar’s (the “AR”) decision in HC/SUM 1536/2023
(“SUM 1536”) to refuse specific discovery of: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/SUM 1536/2023 filed on 22 May 2023, Annex A at paras 1–2.

(i) documents and/or correspondence (internal or otherwise) evincing costs
associated with the provision of services captured by cl 11.1 of the
Employment Agreement (the “Relevant Services”) for the period of February 2021
to 23 October 2021, including and not limited to profit and loss statements
specific to the department which the defendant was formerly part of, ledgers,
and department communications; and

(ii) documents evincing any difference (for the period of February 2021 to 24
April 2021; and 24 April 2021 to 23 October 2021) in costs associated with the
provision of the Relevant Services.

For convenience, I will term these documents as the “RA 182 Documents”.

(b) HC/RA 183/2023 (“RA 183”), being the defendant’s appeal against part of
the learned AR’s decision in HC/SUM 1529/2023 (“SUM 1529”) to grant specific
discovery of documents and/or correspondence between the defendant and some of
the plaintiff’s customers between 16 July 2021 and 24 October 2021, relating
to and/or evidencing that the defendant had offered to provide and/or provided
said customers with the sale or supply of “Infringing Services”, as defined in
para 1 of the plaintiff’s Further and Better Particulars dated 27 October
2022.

For convenience, I will term these documents as the “RA 183 Documents”.

2 After hearing the parties and considering their submissions, I allow RA 182
in part and RA 183 in full. These are the reasons for my decision.

Background facts

3 I begin with the background facts. The plaintiff is a Singapore-registered
company. Its key business is in the provision of petroleum, fuel, lubricant
and petrochemical testing, and cargo inspection services for local and
international clients. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Affidavit of Ang Chee Teck dated 14 July 2021 at para 8.

The plaintiff had employed the defendant as an Operations Manager. The
defendant’s employment with the plaintiff started on 2 January 2020. This was
pursuant to an Executive Agreement dated 29 November 2019 entered into by the
plaintiff and the defendant. I have referred to this as the “Employment
Agreement” above and will continue to do so for the rest of this judgment.

4 It is undisputed that the defendant’s employment with the plaintiff was
terminated on 24 April 2021. Although the defendant tendered his resignation
on 23 April 2021, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Affidavit of Haidir bin Mohamad Khir dated 30 July 2021 at para 57 and p
55.

this was not effective on that day because it required three months’ prior
notice or three months’ salary in lieu of such notice. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Affidavit of Ang Chee Teck dated 14 July 2021 at paras 43–45.

In response, the plaintiff issued a Notice of Termination of Employment on 24
April 2021. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Affidavit of Ang Chee Teck dated 14 July 2021 at para 45.

The defendant joined his current employer, Saybolt (Singapore) Pte Ltd, by
signing an employment agreement dated 28 April 2021.

5 The plaintiff commenced the Suit against the defendant on 16 July 2021. This
was in relation to the defendant’s alleged breaches of contractual obligations
set out in the Employment Agreement. The parties have taken different
positions as to the said termination. The plaintiff’s position is that it
terminated the defendant’s employment because, amongst other things, the
defendant had allegedly disclosed the plaintiff’s confidential proprietary
information to third parties without authorisation. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st Affidavit of Ang Chee Teck dated 14 July 2021 at paras 23–30.

As against this, the defendant’s position is that he had terminated the
Employment Agreement when he accepted the plaintiff’s breaches of the
Employment Agreement. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1st Affidavit of Haidir bin Mohamad Khir dated 30 July 2021 at para 71.

For the purposes of the present appeals, it is sufficient to focus on just
some of the plaintiff’s claims against the defendant.

6 Among other things, the plaintiff alleges that the defendant breached cll
11.2.1 and 11.2.2 of the Employment Agreement. These clauses provide as
follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st Affidavit of Ang Chee Teck dated 14 July 2021 at p 55.

11.2 During the course of and as a consequence of the Employee’s employment by
the Company he will have access to and acquire knowledge of confidential
information. He will also have regular dealings with and establish
relationships with relevant persons. In order to protect the Company’s
interests the Employee agrees that he will not without the company’s written
consent, directly or indirectly (in any capacity) and whether for yourself or
on behalf of anyone else, for a period of six months commencing on the date on
which the Employee’s employment ends,:

11.2.1 be engaged in the provision of relevant services to, for or on behalf
of any relevant person;

11.2.2 solicit or attempt to solicit business from any relevant person in
connection with the provision of relevant services

…

Accordingly, the effect of cll 11.2.1 and 11.2.2 of the Employment Agreement
is that the defendant is prohibited from conducting the Relevant Services for
a period of six months from the date of the end of his employment with the
plaintiff. This would be from 24 April 2021 to 24 October 2021 (the
“Restricted Period”).

7 More specifically, the plaintiff pleaded that the defendant breached cll
11.2.1 and 11.2.2 of the Employment Agreement by, among other acts, offering
to provide and/or providing the Relevant Services during the Restricted
Period. In particular, the plaintiff pleaded specifically as follows at para
7(c) of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 27 October 2022 (“SOC
A2”):

After the termination of his employment in Intertek, Haidir offered to provide
and/or provided one or more of Intertek’s Customers with the sale or supply of
services which are the same as or similar to services provided by Intertek
within the last 12 months of Haidir’s employment in Intertek.

The term “Intertek’s Customers” is defined at para 3A of the SOC A2 to
include, among others, Equinor ASA (“Equinor”), Equinor Asia Pacific Pte Ltd,
Total Trading Asia Pte Ltd (“TOTSA”), Trafigura Global Services Pvt Ltd, and
Vitol Asia Pte Ltd. These are the five customers whose communications with the
defendant that the plaintiff seeks specific disclosure of in SUM 1529.

8 As a result of the defendant’s alleged breaches of cll 11.2.1 and 11.2.2 of
the Employment Agreement, the plaintiff further pleaded at para 10 of the SOC
A2 that its “Gasoline Blending Team has suffered a sharp decline in business
(i.e. falling outside an acceptable degree of variance) from customers such as
Equinor and TOTSA since 24 April 2021”.

9 In his Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) dated 22 June 2022 (“DCC
A2”), the defendant pleaded the following defences in respect of his alleged
breaches of cll 11.2.1 and 11.2.2 of the Employment Agreement.

(a) He denied that he had breached these clauses by offering to provide and/or
provided one or more of the plaintiff’s customers with the Relevant Services
within the last 12 months of his employment with the plaintiff. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) dated 22 June 2022 (“DCC A2”) at
para 12.

(b) He denied that any of his act or omission resulted in a sharp decline in
the plaintiff’s business. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DCC at para 13.

(c) He pleaded that the plaintiff “is not entitled to the reliefs sought”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DCC at para 22.

10 With these background facts in mind, I turn to consider each of the present
appeals but begin by alluding to some general points on the applicable law on
specific discovery.

The applicable law on specific discovery

11 To begin with, the law on specific discovery, based on O 24 rr 5 and 7 of
the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (the “ROC 2014”), is trite and not in
dispute. Reduced to its essence, first, the documents must be relevant; and
second, even if relevance is proven, discovery must be necessary either for
disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs.

12 Further, in assessing relevance, the parties “seeking discovery must show a
nexus between the pleaded causes of action and the documents they want
discovered” (see the High Court decision of Dante Yap Go v Bank Austria
Creditanstalt AG [2007] SGHC 69 (“Dante Yap Go”) at [28]). If discovery is
sought in relation to an issue unrelated to the pleaded causes of action, this
may constitute an impermissible fishing exercise (see the High Court decision
of UMCI Ltd v Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 95 at [71]). As for necessity, the test is whether discovery
is necessary for disposing fairly of the proceedings or for saving costs.
Here, a bare assertion that the documents are necessary because they are
relevant will not be sufficient (see Dante Yap Go at [32], citing the High
Court decision of Bayerische Hypo- und Vereinsbank AG v Asia Pacific Breweries
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and other applications [2004] 4 SLR(R) 39 at [37]). It is
incumbent on the party seeking discovery to put his case forward, supported by
an affidavit, so that the counterparty knows the case it has to meet if it
wishes to resist discovery.

13 In fact, I can do no better than refer to Assistant Registrar Scott Tan’s
concise and helpful summary of the applicable law in the High Court decision
of EQ Capital Investments Ltd v Sunbreeze Group Investments Ltd and others
[2017] SGHCR 15 (at [46]):

(a) The court’s jurisdiction to grant an order for specific discovery is
enlivened when (i) there is sufficient evidence to show that the requested
documents are in the possession, custody or power of the requested party and
(ii) the requested documents are relevant: see decision of the Singapore High
Court in The Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 689 v DTZ Debenham
Tie Leung (SEA) Pte Ltd and another [2008] SGHC 98 (“DTZ Debenham”) at [29]
and [30].

(b) A deposition in an affidavit to the effect that the requested documents
are in the possession, custody or power of the requested party is normally
sufficient to constitute ‘sufficient evidence’ of the same: see DTZ Debenham
at [30].

(c) The ‘relevance’ of a document must be determined by reference to the
pleaded cases of the parties (see the decision of the Singapore High Court in
Dante Yap Go v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG [2007] SGHC 69 (“Dante Yap Go”)
at [20]) and can take one of two forms:

(i) A document is directly relevant if it is one on which the party relies or
will rely; where it could adversely affect his own or another party’s case; or
where it supports another party’s case: see O 24 rr 5(3)(a) and (b) of the
Rules and Dante Yap Go at [18].

(ii) A document is indirectly relevant if may lead the applicant to a “train
of inquiry resulting in his obtaining information which may” adversely affect
his or another party’s case or which may support another party’s case: see O
24 r 5(3)(c) of the Rules and Dante Go Yap at [29].

(d) If discovery is sought of a class of documents rather than a specific
document, relevance must be shown in relation to the entire class described as
a class, and not only some parts of the class (see the decision of the
Singapore High Court in CIFG Special Assets Capital I Ltd (formerly known as
Diamond Kendall Ltd) v Polimet Pte Ltd and others [2016] 1 SLR 1382 at [24]).

(e) Even after the court’s jurisdiction has been engaged, the court still
retains a discretion to decide whether or not to make the order for specific
discovery. A court may refuse to give the order or make it only in part if it
is satisfied that ‘discovery is not necessary either for disposing fairly of
the cause or matter or for saving costs’: see O 24 r 7 of the Rules and the
decision of the Singapore High Court in Bayerische Hypo- und Vereinsbank AG v
Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and other applications [2004] 4
SLR(R) 39 (“Bayerische”) at [38]).

[emphasis in original]

14 With these principles in mind, I turn now to RA 182.

RA 182

15 As I mentioned at the outset, RA 182 concerns the learned AR’s decision to
refuse the defendant’s application for specific discovery of documents that,
broadly speaking, relate to what the defendant says is the quantification of
the plaintiff’s damages.

The learned AR’s decision

16 The learned AR refused specific discovery for the RA 182 Documents for the
primary reason that the issue as to the quantum of damages suffered by the
plaintiff does not form part of the pleaded issues.

17 The learned AR provided two reasons in support of his decision. First, the
learned AR held that the DCC A2 contains a general averment that the plaintiff
is not entitled to the reliefs sought but does contain averments regarding the
quantum of damages. More specifically, the defendant did not contest the
plaintiff’s method of quantifying its damages in the DCC A2. Second, the
learned AR held that the plaintiff is not precluded from seeking to quantify
its damages based on its loss of revenue. Therefore, the defendant can
ascertain the plaintiff’s loss of revenue based on the documents already
disclosed by the plaintiff. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Letter from court dated 8 August 2023, Judgment for HC/SUM 1529/2023 and
HC/SUM 1536/2023 at [28]–[32].

The parties’ positions

18 The defendant’s position is that the RA 182 Documents are necessary to
assess the plaintiff’s loss of profit, as opposed to its loss of revenue. This
is because the defendant takes issue with the plaintiff’s quantification of
its damages on the basis of its loss of revenue (the “Revenue Method”).
Instead, the defendant argues that the quantification of the plaintiff’s
damages should be based on its loss of profit (the “Profit Method”).
Therefore, the defendant says that he should not be prematurely deprived of
the opportunity to rely on the Profit Method as a mode of quantification of
damages, as opposed to the Revenue Method. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 19 September 2023 (“DWS”) at para 59.

19 As for the learned AR’s view that the defendant did not raise any issue in
its pleadings as to how the plaintiff quantifies its damages, the defendant
argues that there was no avenue for him to take issue with the Revenue Method.
This is because the plaintiff did not plead the Revenue Method in its
pleadings. Instead, the plaintiff had simply alleged that it suffered loss and
damage as a result of its Gasoline Blending Team’s “sharp decline in
business”. The plaintiff then asked for damages to be assessed without
specifying a mode of quantification. As such, the defendant argues that the
onus is on the plaintiff to plead the Revenue Method for him to respond
accordingly. Moreover, even if the parties’ pleadings only contain an averment
for damages to be assessed, without specifying the method of quantification,
the defendant submits that the court is not precluded from allowing discovery
of the RA 182 Documents as they would assist the trial court in fairly
disposing of the matter. The defendant cites the High Court decision of
Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and Another [2006] SGHC 26 (“Beckkett”)
for this proposition. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DWS at paras 55–62.

20 In response, the plaintiff makes the following points. First, it has
already adduced sufficient evidence in respect of its claim for damages. In
this regard, the plaintiff has disclosed invoices from its customers to
demonstrate the “sharp decline in business”. The plaintiff has also disclosed
a table showing the decrease in revenue from these customers based on the
invoices. Therefore, there is sufficient evidence to ascertain the plaintiff’s
loss of revenue. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 19 September 2023 (“PWS”) at paras
15–18.

Second, the defendant has not pleaded the relevance of the Revenue Method and
its attempt to seek specific discovery of the documents is a fishing
expedition. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PWS at paras 19–22.

Third, and in any event, the RA 182 Documents sought are extremely broad, and
relevance in relation to the whole category has not been established. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PWS at paras 26–27.

My decision: RA 182 is allowed

21 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I allow RA 182 in part for two
principal reasons.

The RA 182 Documents are relevant because the plaintiff is entitled only to
recovery for loss of profit, which is necessarily calculated by reference to
its business costs

22 First, while the defendant has framed his advocated-for Profit Method as
being a direct choice against the plaintiff’s preferred Revenue Method, I
think the real issue in the present appeal is whether the plaintiff’s case, as
pleaded, can be assessed only by the Profit Method, such that I should allow
the defendant’s appeal for discovery of the RA 182 Documents for that
assessment to take place.

23 To begin with, the apparent contest between the Profit Method and the
Revenue Method relates to how the plaintiff’s expectation loss is to be
calculated. The plaintiff’s expectation loss, if proven at trial, may be
characterised from either the “gross” or “net” points of view. In other words,
the plaintiff’s expectation loss may be measured by: (a) its loss of gross
profit, which is its profit before it deducts its expected expenses, and
therefore appears to be the Revenue Method; or (b) its loss of net profit,
which is its profit after it deducts its expected expenses, which appears to
be the Profit Method. Indeed, as the Court of Appeal held in Turf Club Auto
Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and others and another appeal
[2018] 2 SLR 655 (at [125]), a plaintiff’s expectation loss “would encompass
the plaintiff’s total (or gross) loss – including the expected (or net) profit
that the plaintiff would have received had there been no breach of contract as
well as his expected expenses, which he would have recouped if the contract
had been performed” [emphasis in original].

24 A helpful illustration of the distinction between the “gross” or “net”
points of view was provided by the High Court in Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte
Ltd v OP3 International Pte Ltd [2020] 3 SLR 1234 (“Smile Inc”) (at [56]):

A hypothetical scenario aptly demonstrates this. In the hypothetical, an
entity owns a shop. The cost of the entity’s permanent staff and its rental is
$8 per month. For expending the fixed expenses of $8 a month, the entity makes
$10 per month in total revenue, thereby earning a monthly net profit of $2.
If, due to another entity’s breach (eg, defective works), the entity is unable
to open its shop for a month, the entity would still have to expend $8 a month
in paying its permanent staff and rental, as such expenses are fixed expenses
which do not depend on whether the shop is opened or not. This $8 would be
wasted fixed expenditure, as the entity would not be able to generate any
revenue while its shop is closed due to the other entity’s defective works. If
the entity is only allowed to claim for its loss of net profit in this case,
the entity’s claim would be $2, which would not even cover the entity’s wasted
fixed expenditure of $8. Hence, to ensure that the entity is put in the same
position as it would have been but for the breach, the damages due to the
entity ought to be $10, being the sum of the entity’s net profits and wasted
fixed expenditure. This $10 would be used to offset the entity’s wasted fixed
expenditure of $8, leaving the entity with the $2 net profit which it would
have earned but for the other entity’s breach.

25 However the plaintiff’s expectation loss is characterised, the key concern
is ensuring that it is not compensated for loss that it did not actually
suffer, or that it is compensated twice over for the same loss (see also the
Appellate Division of the High Court decision of Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd v
Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd and other appeals [2023] 1 SLR 536 (“Crescendas”) at
[205]). Using the illustration in Smile Inc, a plaintiff may claim for loss of
its gross profit of $10, which comprises its net profit of $2 and wasted
expenses of $8. But a plaintiff may not claim, eg, a sum of $18, comprising
its gross profit of $10 and wasted expenses of $8. This would result in over-
compensation because its gross profit of $10, when broken down, already
includes the wasted expenses of $8 and a net profit of $2 (see Crescendas at
[205]).

26 While this distinction appears deceptively clear in theory, it is important
to consider whether it is borne out in practice. More specifically, where, as
in the present appeal, a defendant has breached a promise not to solicit a
plaintiff’s clients, the said plaintiff will need to prove its lost business.
The measure of damages will depend on what the plaintiff would have done.
Whether the plaintiff may claim for wasted expenses depends on whether the
plaintiff would necessarily incur those expenses regardless of that
defendant’s alleged breach. In this regard, Richard Arnold J clearly
summarised the possible scenarios in the English High Court decision of Force
India Formula One Team Ltd v 1 Malaysia Racing Team Sdn Bhd [2012] EWHC 616
(Ch) (“Force India”) (at [424]):

… Where the claimant exploits the confidential information by manufacturing
and selling products for profit, and his profits have been diminished as a
result of the breach, then he can recover his loss of profit. Where the
claimant exploits the confidential information by granting licences to others,
and his licence revenue has been diminished as a result of the breach, he can
recover the lost revenue. Where the claimant would have “sold” the
confidential information but for the breach, he can recover the market value
of the information as between a willing seller and a willing buyer. Where the
claimant cannot prove he has suffered financial loss in any of these ways, he
can recover such sum as would be negotiated between a willing licensor and a
willing licensee acting reasonably as at the date of the breach for permission
to use the confidential information which has been misused in the manner in
which the defendant has used it [ie, Wrotham Park damages]. …

As such, the precise method of calculating the expectation loss will depend on
the factual situation at hand.

27 In the present case, I find that the plaintiff may claim damages only on
the basis of the Profit Method, for two related reasons.

28 First, having regard to the plaintiff’s pleaded case, it appears that the
plaintiff has proceeded on the basis of its loss of profits. To begin with,
cll 11.2.1 and 11.2.2 of the Employment Agreement provide that, among other
things, the defendant is not to “be engaged in the provision of relevant
services to, for or on behalf of any relevant person” [emphasis added], or to
“solicit or attempt to solicit business from any relevant person in connection
with the provision of relevant services”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1st Affidavit of Ang Chee Teck dated 14 July 2021 at p 55.

The plaintiff’s pleaded case is about its inability to provide such services
at previous levels owing to the defendant’s alleged breaches of the Employment
Agreement. The plaintiff also pleads that its “Gasoline Blending Team has
suffered a sharp decline in business”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 27 October 2022 at para 10.

Given the plaintiff’s focus on its inability to provide services at previous
levels, this must be, on balance, quantified based on its loss of profits.

29 Second, and relatedly, the plaintiff is not entitled to claim damages on
the basis of the Revenue Method. This is because, unlike what Arnold J stated
in Force India about loss of revenue arising from the reduced grant of
licenses, there must certainly be operating expenses in relation to the
provision of services. Therefore, if the plaintiff claims damages for this
loss only on the basis of its revenue, then that would ignore the expenses
that it would have had to incur in providing those services in the first
place. The plaintiff would, in other words, be compensated for expenses that
it would have expended even if the defendant had not breached the Employment
Agreement. Put differently, regardless of whether the defendant allegedly
breached the Employment Agreement, the plaintiff would have to incur a fixed
amount of expenses. Allowing the plaintiff to claim damages on the Revenue
Method would amount to double recovery, which is impermissible.

30 Accordingly, I am of the view that the plaintiff can claim damages only on
the Profit Method, which means that the defendant legitimately must know the
plaintiff’s expenses in providing the services which the plaintiff alleges the
volume of which has been affected due to the defendant’s breach. The defendant
has therefore prima facie established the relevance of the RA 182 Documents.

The defendant has sufficiently pleaded the relevance of the RA 182 Documents

31 However, the learned AR had found that the defendant did not sufficiently
plead the relevance of the RA 182 Documents. In so far as the learned AR’s
decision was premised on the plaintiff having a choice between the Revenue
Method and the Profit Method, it must be the case, in light of my conclusion
above, that the plaintiff could only have pleaded the Profit Method as a
matter of law. In other words, when the defendant pleaded that the plaintiff
“is not entitled to the reliefs sought”, it must be that the defendant has put
the Profit Method into issue. Therefore, the defendant has sufficiently
pleaded to the relevance of the RA 182 Documents, in so far as they relate to
the Profit Method.

32 There is therefore no need for me to comment on the defendant’s argument
that Beckkett stands for a general proposition that “even if the parties’
pleadings only contain an averment for damages to be assessed (without
specifying the mode of quantification), … the [c]ourt is not precluded from
allowing discovery of the [RA 182 Documents]”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DWS at para 60.

As I understand it, the defendant is arguing that a general averment for
damages to be assessed is sufficient to put the mode of quantification into
issue. If it were necessary for me to comment on this argument, I would have
doubted the relevance of Beckkett, which concerned the unrelated situation
where discovery was allowed despite the trial being bifurcated. Be that as it
may, I have some sympathy for the defendant’s argument that it cannot be
expected to respond to the plaintiff’s general pleading for damages without
specifying the mode of assessment. Indeed, where a plaintiff has a choice as
to the characterisation of damages arising from breach of contract, the
plaintiff bears the burden of exercising that choice as a matter of law (see,
eg, the High Court decision of Van Der Horst Engineering Pte Ltd v Rotol
Singapore Ltd [2006] 2 SLR(R) 586, though cf the Appellate Division of the
High Court decision of Liu Shu Ming and another v Koh Chew Chee and another
matter [2023] 1 SLR 1477 at [217]).

The scope of discovery should be reduced

33 Despite my conclusion that the defendant has established the prima facie
relevance of the RA 182 Documents, and that the defendant has sufficiently
pleaded to this relevance, it remains to be considered if the scope of the RA
182 Documents is too broad. For convenience, I set out the categories sought
once again:

(a) documents and/or correspondence (internal or otherwise) evincing costs
associated with the provision of the Relevant Services for the period of
February 2021 to 23 October 2021, including and not limited to profit and loss
statements specific to the department which the defendant was formerly part
of, ledgers, and department communications; and

(b) documents evincing any difference (for the period of February 2021 to 24
April 2021; and 24 April 2021 to 23 October 2021) in costs associated with the
provision of the Relevant Services.

34 In my view, it is not clear how the category referred to in [33(b)] is
relevant to the determination of the plaintiff’s expenses that it would have
incurred in providing the Relevant Services. For one, it is not clear why the
starting date of February 2021 is chosen, when the defendant had allegedly
breached the Employment Contract on 24 April 2021. There does not appear to be
any connection between February 2021 to any of the material dates in question.
Further, I also do not see the relevance of the difference in costs associated
with the provision of the Relevant Services. If discovery is ordered of the
category referred to in [33(a)], then the defendant would be able to calculate
the costs for the provision of the Relevant Services. There is no further need
for the documents in the category referred to in [33(b)]. As such, I affirm
the learned AR’s decision not to allow discovery of the documents in the
category referred to in [33(b)].

35 As for the documents in the category referred to in [33(a)], I acknowledge
the plaintiff’s concern that these may contain “confidential personal
information relating to the [p]laintiff’s employees’ salaries and office
rent”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PWS at para 26.

However, if, as I have concluded above, the plaintiff’s expenses in the
provision of the Relevant Services are relevant, then it is inevitable that
the plaintiff will need to disclose information about salaries and rent.
However, in so far as there are confidentiality concerns, the plaintiff can
seek to redact parts of the documents prior to disclosure but yet not deprive
the defendant of the information he requires. I therefore order the disclosure
of the documents in the category referred to in [33(a)] without any
qualification. It is up to the plaintiff to seek further orders in respect of
these documents if it requires.

36 For the reasons given above, I therefore allow RA 182 in part.

RA 183

37 I turn now to RA 183, which concerns the learned AR’s decision to allow the
plaintiff’s application for specific discovery of documents and/or
correspondence between the defendant and each of the customers relating to
and/or evidencing that the defendant had offered to provide and/or provided
the customers with the sale or supply of Relevant Services during the
Restricted Period, in so far as those documents post-date 16 July 2021, being
the date of filing of the writ for this Suit.

The learned AR’s decision

38 Because the parties agreed that the documents between 24 April 2021 and 16
July 2021 are relevant, the only contention before the learned AR was the
relevance of the documents between 17 July 2021 and 24 October 2021. The
learned AR held that they were relevant. This was because it was implicit in
the plaintiff’s pleadings that “the cause of action for breach of cl 11.2.2 in
respect of all of the [plaintiff’s customers] would have accrued when the
[w]rit was filed on 16 July 2021, and any fresh offers made after 16 July 2021
would merely be further instances of a single, continuing breach of cl 11.2.2”
[emphasis in original omitted]. Further, for infringing services provided
before 16 July 2021, any services provided after 16 July 2021 “would
necessarily be further instances of a single continuing breach of cl 11.2.2”.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Letter from court dated 8 August 2023, Judgment for HC/SUM 1529/2023 and
HC/SUM 1536/2023 at [25].

The parties’ positions

39 The defendant’s position is that the defendant’s alleged fresh offers of
Relevant Services to the customers after 16 July 2021 is not relevant to the
parties’ pleaded cases in the Suit. This is because the plaintiff’s pleadings
do not state whether each alleged transaction between the defendant and each
customer had taken place before or after 16 July 2021, let alone that all of
the transactions had taken place before 16 July 2021. Therefore, any post-16
July 2021 offer would constitute fresh breaches of the Employment Agreement
and would be irrelevant to the Suit. The defendant therefore disagrees with
the learned AR’s view that it is “implicit” in the plaintiff’s pleaded case
that the causes in action in respect of all of the customers had accrued
before 16 July 2021. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DWS at paras 34–37.

40 In response, the plaintiff maintains that the RA 183 Documents are relevant
to the Suit because they will shed light on the circumstances of the
defendant’s communications with the plaintiff’s customers during the
Restricted Period. The plaintiff argues that the defendant misunderstands the
law on the relevance of matters occurring post-writ. In this regard, the
plaintiff submits that facts occurring after the issuance of the writ can be
relied on in support of a cause of action that existed at the date of the
writ. Thus, post-writ conduct is relevant as further instances of a single
continuing breach. In the present case, the plaintiff relies on the learned
AR’s finding that it was “implicit” in its pleadings that the defendant had
already offered or made offers to provide infringing services to all of the
plaintiff’s customers before 16 July 2021. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PWS at paras 32–33.

My decision: RA 183 is allowed

41 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I allow RA 183 for the
following reasons.

Causes of action that accrued only after the date of the writ are not relevant

42 The starting point is that a party cannot amend his pleadings to include a
cause of action that did not exist at the date when the writ was filed (see
the High Court decision of Saga Foodstuffs Manufacturing (Pte) Ltd v Best Food
Pte Ltd [1994] 1 SLR(R) 505 at [9(b)]). The parties do not dispute that facts
occurring after the issuance of the writ can be relied on only in support of a
cause of action that existed at the date of the writ. This is made clear by O
18 r 9 of the ROC 2014, which provide that “[s]ubject to [r]ules 7(1), 10 and
15(2), a party may in any pleading plead any matter which has arisen at any
time, whether before or since the issue of the writ”. In this regard, O 18 r
15(2) provides that “[a] statement of claim must not contain any allegation or
claim in respect of a cause of action unless that cause of action is mentioned
in the writ”. This must mean that a party’s pleadings may only contain causes
of action mentioned in the writ. The crux of RA 183 is whether the defendant’s
alleged breaches of the Employment Agreement after the date of the writ are to
be taken as giving rise to new causes of action.

43 This therefore requires a consideration of when a cause of action for a
breach of contract materialises. In a related context, in the High Court of
Australia decision of Larking v Great Western (Nepean) Gravel Ltd (1940) 64
CLR 221, Owen Dixon J explained the difference between a continuing breach and
a breach once-and-for-all (at 236):

If a covenantor undertakes that he will do a definite act and omits to do it
within the time allowed for the purpose, he has broken his covenant finally
and his continued failure to do the act is nothing but a failure to remedy his
past breach and not the commission of any further breach of his covenant. His
duty is not considered as persisting and, so to speak, being for ever renewed
until he actually does that which he promised. On the other hand, if his
covenant is to maintain a state or condition of affairs, as, for instance,
maintaining a building in repair, keeping the insurance of a life on foot, or
affording a particular kind of lateral or vertical support to a tenement, then
a further breach arises in every successive moment of time during which the
state or condition is not as promised, during which, to pursue the examples,
the building is out of repair, the life uninsured, or the particular support
unprovided.

[emphasis added]

The relevance of this passage lies in Dixon J’s explanation that there is a
difference between the obligation to do a definite act (being a “once-and-for-
all” breach) and the obligation to maintain a state of affairs (being a
continuing breach). Where a breach is a continuing breach, “a further breach
arises in every successive moment of time during which the state or condition
is not as promised” (at 236). This means that every further breach of the same
contractual term constitutes a fresh cause of action that can independently
sustain a claim for breach of contract. This must follow from the trite
principle that the commission of two independent breaches each confers an
independent right to terminate the performance of a contract (see, eg, the
House of Lords decision of Maclaine v Gatty [1921] 1 AC 376 at 387).

44 Thus, in the English High Court decision of AMT Futures Ltd v Boural and
others [2018] 3 WLR 358, a broker sued its former clients for breaching a
jurisdiction clause, by which the parties had submitted to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the English courts. In particular, the jurisdiction clause
contained an implied undertaking not to begin proceedings other than in the
agreed forum, ie, the English courts. In this context, the court found that
the former clients had breached the jurisdiction clause by commencing
proceedings in Germany against the broker. Each of the former clients’ further
act in pursuance of their claim in Germany constituted a “further and
independent breach”. The court held that (at [43]):

… it is a fundamental characteristic of “successive breaches” that they are
independent of one another. In my judgment, each further act done by the
applicants in pursuance of the German Claims is capable of having amounted to
a further, and independent, breach of clause 33. Those further steps were not
“necessary and direct consequences” of the commencement of the German Claims,
as Mr Wright submitted. On the contrary, they were separate steps taken by the
applicants, who could at any time have brought (and could still bring) the
German Claims to an end.

In essence, where the contractual term obliges a party to maintain a state of
affairs, every breach of the same term in a contract would constitute a
successive breach that is independent of earlier breaches of the same term.
The latter breaches cannot be regarded as “continuing” breaches of the same
term. More importantly, for present purposes, each breach would give rise to a
fresh cause of action.

45 Accordingly, in the present case, every alleged transaction which the
defendant entered into with a customer would be a “successive breach” that is
independent of its former breaches. Therefore, any offer to a customer that is
allegedly made after 16 July 2021 would constitute fresh breaches of the
Employment Agreement. These would not have existed at the time of the writ.
They would need to be claimed in a separate action that is commenced after the
date of breach. This conclusion is supported by the English High Court
decision of Eshelby v Federated European Bank Ltd [1932] 1 KB 254, where the
plaintiff had issued his writ to claim payment of one instalment of money
under the contract. Crucially, after the issue of the writ, the defendant
there defaulted in paying a further instalment under the same contract. The
plaintiff tried to amend his pleading to claim for the second instalment in
the same action. The court held that he could not do so. This is because the
non-payment of the second instalment was a separate cause of action that did
not exist at the time when the writ was issued. It would need to be claimed in
a separate action.

46 In as much as the plaintiff here relies on the Singapore International
Commercial Court decision of DyStar Global Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Kiri
Industries Ltd and others and another suit [2018] 5 SLR 1, I find that is
misplaced. In so far as it is relevant, that case involved a minority
shareholder starting proceedings against a co-investor and majority
shareholder for oppressive conduct. The court found that, given that the
minority shareholder was able to establish oppressive conduct by a shareholder
as at the date of the writ, the post-writ conduct could be relied on as
evidence of oppressive conduct continuing beyond the date of the writ. Such
conduct could also be relevant for determining the appropriate relief. In
essence, the cause of action for oppression had materialised at the first
instance of oppression, and further instances of oppressive conduct could be
relied on as evidence of oppressive conduct. This is quite different from the
situation where a successive breach of the same term constitutes a new cause
of action.

Post-writ breaches in the present case are successive breaches of cl 11 of the
Employment Agreement

47 Coming to the facts of the present case, it is important to bear in mind
the term that the defendant allegedly breached. For convenience, I set out cll
11.2.1 and 11.2.2 of the Employment Agreement once again: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1st Affidavit of Ang Chee Teck dated 14 July 2021 at p 55.

11.2 During the course of and as a consequence of the Employee’s employment by
the Company he will have access to and acquire knowledge of confidential
information. He will also have regular dealings with and establish
relationships with relevant persons. In order to protect the Company’s
interests the Employee agrees that he will not without the company’s written
consent, directly or indirectly (in any capacity) and whether for yourself or
on behalf of anyone else, for a period of six months commencing on the date on
which the Employee’s employment ends,:

11.2.1 be engaged in the provision of relevant services to, for or on behalf
of any relevant person;

11.2.2 solicit or attempt to solicit business from any relevant person in
connection with the provision of relevant services

...

48 Crucially, cl 11.1 defines “relevant person” in the following terms: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1st Affidavit of Ang Chee Teck dated 14 July 2021 at p 55.

“Relevant Person” shall mean any person, firm, company or other organization
and any prospective person, firm, company or other organization with whom the
company or any other company in the Intertek Group or in respect of whom the
Employee had managerial responsibility in either case during the last 12
months of employment.

49 Accordingly, it is clear from a plain reading of cl 11 that each time the
defendant is alleged to have approached a “relevant person”, he would have
breached cl 11 afresh. It cannot be said that each of the defendant’s alleged
successive breaches is somehow a “continuation” of his earlier breach of cl
11. This does not cohere with the basic contractual doctrine that would give
the plaintiff a fresh right of termination with respect to every new breach.

50 Additionally, I respectfully disagree with the learned AR’s distinction
between: (a) a fresh offer to provide infringing service to the plaintiff’s
customers made after 16 July 2021; and (b) the provision of infringing
services to the plaintiff’s customers that had started before 16 July 2021 and
continued after 16 July 2021. In my view, the distinction is simply between
breaches of contract before and after the date of the writ, being 16 July
2021. Therefore, the plaintiff should have pleaded breaches of contract that
had taken place after 16 July 2021 in a fresh action. For this reason alone, I
allow RA 183 and hold that the plaintiff is not entitled to the RA 183
Documents that post-dated 16 July 2021 as they are not relevant to the Suit.

51 For completeness, and while it is not necessary for me to do so because
parties did not raise this in their submissions, I recognise that cl 11.1
defines “relevant person” in broad terms, in that it does not refer to
distinct customers as different relevant persons. Be that as it may, I do not
think that it is plausible to interpret “relevant person” as referring to the
entire group of customers allegedly approached by the defendant, such that the
defendant’s breach of cl 11 would have been continuing. It is trite that when
interpreting contracts, due consideration ought to be given to the commercial
purpose of the transaction or provision, and more narrowly, to why a
particular obligation was undertaken (see the Court of Appeal decision of
Leiman, Ricardo and another v Noble Resources Ltd and another [2020] 2 SLR 386
at [60]). Given that cl 11 was intended to prevent the defendant from using
the plaintiff’s confidential information and business relationships acquired
during employment by the plaintiff for the benefit of himself or his future
employment, I do not think that it would have been a commercially sensible
outcome for the parties to have intended cl 11.1 to be so broad as to refer to
the entire group of customers allegedly approached by the defendant.
Nevertheless, I stress that this was not a live issue before me.

The plaintiff’s pleadings do not make clear that its causes in action in
respect of all of the customers had accrued before 16 July 2021

52 While it is not necessary for me to do so, I also respectfully disagree
with the learned AR that it was “implicit” in the plaintiff’s pleadings that
the defendant had already offered or made offers to provide infringing
services to all of the plaintiff’s customers before 16 July 2021: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Letter from court dated 8 August 2023, Judgment for HC/SUM 1529/2023 and
HC/SUM 1536/2023 at [25].

… However, it is implicit in Intertek’s pleaded case that Haidir had already
offered or made offers to provide infringing services to all of the Intertek
Customers before 16 July 2021. This is because Intertek’s claim in Suit 616 is
for Haidir’s breach of cl 11.2.2 in the Restricted Period, ie, between 24
April 2021 to 24 October 2021. In other words, the cause of action for breach
of cl 11.2.2 in respect of all of the Intertek Customers would have accrued
when the Writ was filed on 16 July 2021, and any fresh offers made after 16
July 2021 would merely be further instances of a single, continuing breach of
cl 11.2.2. …

[emphasis in original]

53 Even if it were open to the plaintiff as a matter of law to argue that
breaches after 16 July 2021 were instances of a single, continuing breach of
cl 11, nowhere in SOC A2 did the plaintiff plead that the breaches had accrued
as of the date of the writ. The learned AR does not explain why it was
“implicit” that this was so. I can only surmise that this was because the
plaintiff had filed the writ on 16 July 2021, which the learned AR took to
imply that the plaintiff pleaded that all offers that the defendant made were
with respect to a single breach that had occurred before that date. If this
was the learned AR’s reasoning, I would respectfully disagree because this
absolves the plaintiff from having to plead its case with utmost clarity.
Further, it cannot be that it is implied from the date of filing a writ that a
plaintiff intended to plead that all instances of default were a continuation
of the original default.

54 For the reasons I have given, I therefore allow RA 183.

Conclusion

55 In sum, I allow RA 182 in part and allow RA 183 in full.

56 Unless the parties are able to agree on the appropriate costs orders for
both the appeals and the proceedings below, they are to tender written
submissions no longer than ten pages, within 14 days of this decision.

Goh Yihan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Tan May Lian Felicia, Uday Duggal, Goh Enchi Jeanne and Ang Kai Le (TSMP Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Boey Swee Siang, Lin Yuankai, Toh Yunyuan Selina and Suchitra Suresh Kumar
(Premier Law LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 30 Nov 2023 (09:12 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

