Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 229

Originating Application No 387 of 2023

Between

| | Koh Shu Cii Iris  
---|---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Attorney-General  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Administrative Law — Remedies — Quashing order]

[Administrative Law — Remedies — Declaration]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Complaints to Magistrates]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Koh Shu Cii Iris

  
v

  

Attorney-General

[2023] SGHC 229

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 387 of 2023

See Kee Oon J

30 June 2023

17 August 2023

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 This was an application for permission to proceed with judicial review for a
quashing order in relation to the decision of the Attorney-General acting in
his capacity as the Public Prosecutor (the “Respondent”) to intervene in and
discontinue HC/MA 1/2022/01. In addition, the Applicant sought declaratory
relief. I dismissed the application after hearing the parties’ submissions. I
now set out the grounds of my decision, incorporating the brief oral remarks I
had delivered at the conclusion of the hearing.

Background facts

2 The brief background to the application is as follows. The Applicant was
investigated for alleged criminal offences and subsequently charged in court.
In the course of investigations, the police seized the Applicant’s MacBook
laptop, her Vivo handphone and an Original Cloud E-mail Disk (collectively,
the “Electronic Devices”).

3 The Applicant asserted legal professional privilege over the material in the
Electronic Devices. In November 2022, the Applicant, a team of police officers
and a team of officers from the Attorney-General’s Chambers (the “AGC”)
commenced a legal professional privilege review in accordance with an agreed
protocol to identify privileged material in the Electronic Devices.

4 By way of a Magistrate’s Complaint filed on 18 November 2022, the Applicant
alleged that the police officers had breached the legal professional privilege
review protocol, such that the material in the Electronic Devices had been
compromised and was inadmissible in her criminal proceedings. She further
asserted that the police officers had committed an offence under s 182 and/or
s 187(1) of the Penal Code 1871 (2020 Rev Ed) (“PC”) by remaining silent when
she had asked a member of the AGC team a question about the legal professional
privilege review.

5 Pursuant to the Magistrate’s Complaint, a Senior Magistrate examined the
Applicant on oath on 23 November 2022. He dismissed her complaint under s
152(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) as he found
no credible evidence that the police officers had committed an offence under s
182 and/ or s 187(1) of the PC. The Senior Magistrate’s written grounds of
decision are contained in Iris Koh Shu Cii v Christopher Koh and others [2023]
SGMC 2 (“Iris Koh”).

6 On 6 December 2022, the Applicant filed a notice of appeal against the
dismissal of her complaint.

7 On 9 February 2023, the Respondent conveyed his position via a letter dated
the same date to the Supreme Court Registry that the Applicant’s appeal was
legally unsustainable. This was because a complainant did not have a right of
appeal against the dismissal of a Magistrate’s Complaint.

8 On 16 February 2023, the Respondent reiterated via a second letter that the
Applicant’s complaint had been properly dismissed. The Respondent invited the
Applicant to withdraw her appeal, failing which he would apply to discontinue
the appeal.

9 As there was no response from the Applicant to the Respondent’s letters, the
Respondent informed the Supreme Court Registry on 13 March 2023 that he would
intervene to discontinue the appeal (the “Decision”). The Decision by the
Respondent to do so formed the subject matter of the present application,
which was filed on 14 April 2023. The Applicant’s appeal in HC/MA 1/2022/01
against the dismissal of her Magistrate’s Complaint has been held in abeyance.

The parties’ submissions

The Applicant’s submissions

10 The Applicant submitted that all the requirements for the grant of
permission to commence judicial review were made out, having regard to
Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v Attorney-General [2014] 1 SLR 345 at [5]. It was
not disputed that alternative remedies had been exhausted, that the Decision
was susceptible to judicial review and that the Applicant had sufficient
interest in the present matter.

11 The Applicant’s submissions focused primarily on the material at hand
disclosing an arguable case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the
remedies sought. It was submitted that the Decision was illegal, irrational
and procedurally improper. Thus, the three applicable grounds of judicial
review were satisfied.

12 In relation to illegality, the Applicant submitted that the Respondent had
made errors of law since the Senior Magistrate had not complied with two
requirements under the CPC in dismissing her complaint. First, s 151(2)(a) of
the CPC was not complied with as the Applicant did not sign off on a written
summary of her examination. Second, the Senior Magistrate did not issue a
summons for the attendance of a person who may be able to assist in
determining whether there are sufficient grounds for proceeding, nor direct a
police officer to inquire into and report on the veracity of the complaint,
before dismissing the complaint. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions dated 23 June 2023 (“AWS”) at para 20.

In her oral submissions, the Applicant focused only on the latter point.

13 Furthermore, the Respondent made an error of law in interpreting s 374(1)
of the CPC to preclude any right of appeal against the dismissal of a
Magistrate’s Complaint under s 152(1) of the CPC. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AWS at paras 21–22.

As the order for dismissal was a final order that disposed of the rights of
the parties, there should be a right of appeal. Even if the proper course was
to apply for a criminal revision, this would not assist the Applicant where
the record itself was erroneous or incomplete.

14 In addition, the Respondent took into account irrelevant considerations. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AWS at paras 23–25.

This could be seen from his erroneous interpretations of ss 152(1) and 374(1)
of the CPC. Equally, the Respondent failed to take into account relevant
considerations 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AWS at para 26.

since the Senior Magistrate had failed to comply with the requirements in s
152(1) of the CPC. The failure to comply with this safeguard to obtain
evidence from a second source meant that the Senior Magistrate did not conduct
any further enquiry, and thus, the Respondent lacked sufficient evidence to
review the substantive merits of the appeal in coming to his Decision.

15 The Applicant also contended that the Respondent’s position that there was
no public interest in allowing the appeal to continue was irrational. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AWS at paras 27–29.

It would be in the public interest to ensure that errant police officers are
taken to task, especially those guilty of intentional procedural breaches.

16 Finally, the Applicant submitted that there was procedural impropriety. The
Respondent’s Decision would deny the Applicant her right to a fair hearing and
deny her an opportunity to correct the erroneous decision by the Senior
Magistrate to dismiss her complaint without complying with the requirements in
s 152(1) of the CPC.

The Respondent’s submissions

17 In response, the Respondent contended that there was no arguable case of
reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought on any of the
three grounds alleged by the Applicant. The Respondent pointed out there was
no merit in the appeal against the Senior Magistrate’s decision to begin with.

18 As for the arguments put forth by the Applicant in this application, the
Respondent maintained that there was no illegality. As a matter of statutory
interpretation, s 151(2)(b) of the CPC does not impose any mandatory
requirement for the Magistrate to issue a summons to compel the attendance of
a person who may be able to assist or direct a police officer to inquire into
the complaint. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 23 June 2023 (“RWS”) at paras 11–17.

The Applicant had suffered no prejudice whatsoever even if she did not sign
off on a written summary of her examination pursuant to s 151(2)(a) of the
CPC. Hence, the dismissal of her complaint was nonetheless valid even if there
was a procedural irregularity, in view of s 423 of the CPC. Moreover, the
Respondent had not made any error of law in interpreting s 374(1) of the CPC
as precluding any right of appeal against the dismissal of a Magistrate’s
Complaint under s 152(1) of the CPC. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

RWS at paras 18–21.

There was no legislation that conferred an express right of appeal.

19 There was also no irrationality in the Decision. The Respondent submitted
that the Applicant’s assertion of public interest in taking errant police
officers to task was both vague and absurd. If this assertion were to be
accepted, the upshot would be that any intervention by the Respondent in any
private prosecution would always be irrational. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

RWS at para 22.

In any event, the Decision was reasonably supported by the lack of merits to
the Applicant’s case. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

RWS at para 23.

20 As for procedural impropriety, it was submitted that the Applicant had not
pointed to how she had been deprived of notice of the Decision or denied a
fair chance to be heard by the Respondent. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

RWS at para 26.

The Applicant had conflated the Respondent’s Decision, which was the subject
of this application, with the decision of the Senior Magistrate. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

RWS at para 27.

The Applicant’s challenge of the Senior Magistrate’s decision was based on the
Applicant’s flawed interpretation of s 152(1) of the CPC and was hence
unmeritorious. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

RWS at para 31.

21 Finally, the Respondent submitted that the Applicant’s prayer for
declaratory relief must necessarily fail since it was contingent on the grant
of permission to apply for a prerogative order. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

RWS at para 34.

In this regard, the arguments for declaratory relief would fail given the
Applicant’s erroneous reading of s 152(1) of the CPC.

Issues for determination

22 Taking the entirety of the Applicant’s written and oral submissions into
account, the main issues for determination centred on whether there was an
arguable case of reasonable suspicion that the Decision was illegal,
irrational and/or procedurally improper. These issues revolved around the
proper interpretation of ss 152(1) and 374(1) of the CPC.

My decision

Issue 1: There was no arguable case of reasonable suspicion that the Decision
was illegal

23 The Applicant’s arguments hinged on the determination of two sub-issues:
(1) whether it is mandatory under s 152(1) of the CPC for a Magistrate to
adopt either course of action provided for by s 151(2)(b) of the CPC before
dismissing a complaint; and (2) whether s 374(1) of the CPC precludes any
right of appeal against the dismissal of a Magistrate’s Complaint.

24 In respect of sub-issue (1), I accepted the Respondent’s submission that
there was no arguable case of reasonable suspicion that the Decision was
illegal. Specifically, the procedures under s 151(2)(b) of the CPC are not
mandatory requirements but are entirely a matter of judicial discretion, and
it is not mandatory under s 152(1) of the CPC to adopt either course of action
provided for by s 151(2)(b) of the CPC before a complaint may be dismissed.

25 As for sub-issue (2), I found that s 374(1) of the CPC does not afford any
right of appeal against the dismissal of a Magistrate’s Complaint since there
is no specific provision in the CPC or any other written law conferring such a
right of appeal. Hence, the Respondent rightly considered s 374(1) of the CPC
as a relevant consideration.

Sub-issue 1: Whether it is mandatory under s 152(1) of the CPC for a
Magistrate to adopt either course of action provided for by s 151(2)(b) of the
CPC for dismissing a complaint

26 To recapitulate, the Applicant argued that s 152(1) of the CPC should be
interpreted as imposing a mandatory requirement that a Magistrate must, before
dismissing a complaint, either issue a summons to compel the attendance of a
person who may be able to assist him or her in determining whether there are
sufficient grounds for proceeding with the complaint, or direct a police
officer to inquire into and report on the veracity of the complaint. Given the
Senior Magistrate’s failure to comply with the procedural requirements in s
152(1) of the CPC, this therefore rendered his dismissal of the complaint
unlawful, resulting in the Respondent making an error of law in adopting the
dismissal.

27 At the outset, it will be helpful to set out s 152(1) of the CPC, which
reads as follows:

Dismissal of complaint

152.—(1) After examining the complainant under section 151(2)(a), and making
any inquiry under section 151(2)(b)(i) or considering the result of any
inquiry under section 151(2)(b)(ii), the Magistrate may dismiss the complaint
if he or she decides that there is insufficient reason to proceed.

28 Section 152(1) of the CPC must however be read in tandem with s 151(2) of
the CPC, which provides thus:

Examination of complaint

151.—(1) Any person may make a complaint to a Magistrate.

(2) On receiving a complaint by a person who is not a police officer nor an
officer from a law enforcement agency nor a person acting with the authority
of a public body, the Magistrate —

(a) must immediately examine the complainant on oath and the substance of the
examination must be reduced to writing and must be signed by the complainant
and by the Magistrate; and

(b) may, after examining the complainant —

(i) for the purpose of inquiring into the case himself or herself, issue a
summons to compel the attendance before him or her of any person who may be
able to help him or her determine whether there was sufficient ground for
proceeding with the complaint;

(ii) direct any police officer to make inquiries for the purpose of
ascertaining the truth or falsehood of the complaint and report to the
Magistrate the result of those inquiries;

(iii) proceed in accordance with section 15 of the Community Mediation Centres
Act 1997; or

(iv) postpone consideration of the matter to enable the complainant and the
person complained against to try to resolve the complaint amicably.

[emphasis added]

29 A plain reading of s 151(2)(b) of the CPC suggests that Parliament did not
intend to lay down any mandatory requirements after the complainant has been
examined by the Magistrate. Had there been a contrary intent, the word “must”
(or even the word “shall”, although it need not necessarily connote a
mandatory obligation) rather than “may” would have been employed in s
151(2)(b) to require the Magistrate to “issue a summons to compel the
attendance … of any person who may be able to help him or her determine
whether there is sufficient ground for proceeding with the complaint”. This is
entirely reasonable and logical. After all, in relation to the requirements
under ss 151(2)(b)(i) and 151(2)(b)(ii), the Magistrate is not required and
cannot be expected to issue a summons in every instance to compel the
attendance of some third person or to “direct any police officer to make
inquiries for the purpose of ascertaining the truth or falsehood of the
complaint”, respectively. For example, it would not always be possible to
identify any such third person, or there may simply be no third person
involved at all. Whether a further stage of enquiry is necessary must be case-
specific and dependent on the substance of each complaint.

30 As the Respondent submitted, this interpretation is principled because the
inquiries that may be undertaken pursuant to ss 151(2)(b)(i) and 151(2)(b)(ii)
of the CPC are intended to allow a Magistrate to determine whether there are
sufficient grounds for proceeding with the complaint or to “[ascertain] the
truth or falsehood of the complaint” respectively. Conceivably, there would
also be cases where it is apparent from the complainant’s examination alone
that there is insufficient reason to proceed with the complaint. One such
example is the present case, where the Magistrate has determined after
examining the complainant that the complaint discloses no offence. As such,
the Magistrate should proceed to dismiss the complaint under s 152(1) of the
CPC as it would be fruitless and wasteful for the court to pursue further
inquiries under ss 151(2)(b)(i) and 151(2)(b)(ii) of the CPC.

31 The Respondent’s reading is supported by s 152(1) of the CPC as set out at
[27] above. The relevant phrase in s 152(1), viz, “and making any inquiry
under section 151(2)(b)(i) or considering the result of any inquiry under
section 151(2)(b)(ii)” [emphasis added] refers to what may be contemplated
after the Magistrate has examined the complainant under section 151(2)(a) of
the CPC. Reading this phrase within the context and sentence structure of s
152(1) and having regard to the bracketing commas within which the phrase is
situated, the plain meaning of s 152(1) is that it does not compel a
Magistrate to undertake additional inquiries pursuant to ss 151(2)(b)(i) or
151(2)(b)(ii) of the CPC. Section 152(1) of the CPC only goes so far as to
require the Magistrate, at the very least, to examine the complainant under s
151(2)(a) of the CPC before dismissing a complaint.

32 For completeness, I would also touch on the argument that s 151(2)(a) of
the CPC was not complied with since the Applicant was apparently not asked to
sign off on a written summary of her examination. In my view, the Applicant
was not prejudiced in any way by this procedural irregularity. I agreed with
the Respondent’s oral submission that this omission was not fatal in view of s
423 of the CPC, which addresses when errors, omissions or irregularities do
not make proceedings invalid. The non-compliance with s 151(2)(a) of the CPC
had not caused any failure of justice.

Sub-issue 2: Whether there is any right of appeal against the dismissal of a
Magistrate’s Complaint

33 The Applicant submitted that s 374(1) of the CPC should not be read as
precluding a right of appeal against the dismissal of a Magistrate’s
Complaint. Section 374(1) of the CPC provides:

When appeal may be made

374.—(1) An appeal against any judgment, sentence or order of a court, or any
decision of the General Division of the High Court mentioned in section
149M(1), may only be made as provided for by this Code or by any other written
law.

34 I found that the Applicant’s arguments were misplaced. Section 374(1) of
the CPC is unambiguously clear in providing that an appeal “may only be made
as provided for by this Code or by any other written law”. The Applicant was
unable to point to any provision conferring a statutory right of appeal in
relation to the dismissal of the Magistrate’s Complaint, simply because no
such provision exists. There was no basis for the Applicant’s argument that
such a right somehow did exist on account of the absence of provisions in
either the State Courts Act 1970 (2020 Rev Ed) 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AWS at para 22(k).

or the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1999 (2020 Rev Ed) 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AWS at para 22(l).

precluding an appeal against the dismissal of a Magistrate’s Complaint. With
respect, the Applicant’s argument was a complete non sequitur and it provided
no support for the suggestion that s 374(1) of the CPC does not preclude such
an appeal.

35 The Applicant pointed further to ss 374(4A), 374(5), 375 and 376(1) of the
CPC, presumably to argue that these provisions are the only provisions
prescribing the situations where there is no right of appeal or the only
situations where the right of appeal is limited. This argument was also a non-
starter since it is evident from s 374(1) of the CPC itself that an appeal is
subject to the minimum requirement that it must relate to a “judgment,
sentence or order”, but more importantly that it “may only be made as provided
for by this code or by any other written law”.

36 In this regard, the only relevant argument the Applicant mounted was based
on Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 196. In that
case, Yong Pung How CJ considered the meaning of a “final order” and held that
the test for finality is to see whether the judgment or order finally disposes
of the rights of the parties. The Applicant submitted that a Magistrate’s
Complaint ought to be considered a “final order” since it disposed of the
rights of the parties. However, I did not find it necessary to make any
finding in this respect. Taking the Applicant’s case at its highest, and
assuming that the dismissal of her complaint was a final order that disposed
of the rights of the parties, the Applicant would still not have been able to
point to any express statutory provision conferring a right of appeal. As the
Respondent rightly pointed out, there is no such statutory provision. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

RWS at para 19.

The Applicant’s apparent reliance on s 374(2) of the CPC as a provision
conferring a right of appeal did not get her very far. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AWS at para 22(f).

Section 374(2) of the CPC does not provide for a right of appeal simply
because the “Applicant’s petition of appeal sets out grounds which are
questions of fact, law or a combination of both.” 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AWS at para 22(g).

The provision states that “[a]n appeal may lie on a question of fact or a
question of law or on a question of mixed fact and law.” It plainly does not
provide that an appeal automatically arises whenever such questions are
purportedly raised.

37 I agreed with the Respondent’s interpretation that the appeal was legally
unsustainable under s 374(1) of the CPC for the following reasons:

(a) Section 376 of the CPC expressly governs appeals in relation to private
prosecutions and provides as follows:

Appeal against acquittal and sentence in private prosecutions

376.—(1) Where in any prosecution by a private person —

(a) an accused has been acquitted by a court; or

(b) an accused has been convicted and sentenced by a court,

there is to be no appeal against the acquittal or the sentence (as the case
may be) by the private person.

(2) The Public Prosecutor may appeal against any judgment, sentence or order
of a court in a private prosecution or may, by fiat, and on such terms and
conditions as the Public Prosecutor thinks fit, permit a private person to
pursue such appeal.

There is no mention in s 376 of the CPC of any right of appeal against the
dismissal of a Magistrate’s Complaint. Nowhere else within Part 20 of the CPC,
which governs “Appeals, Points Reserved, Revisions and Criminal Motions”, or
elsewhere in the CPC, is there any such provision either. Section 376(1)
provides instead that a private person who has commenced a private prosecution
may not appeal against the acquittal of or the sentence imposed on an accused.
Section 376(1) of the CPC governs private prosecutions, which are only
commenced when a Magistrate finds sufficient reason to proceed with a
complaint (see s 153(1)(a) of the CPC). If a private person who has
successfully brought a private prosecution to its conclusion effectively has
no right of appeal, it ought to follow that any private person whose complaint
does not even pass muster under s 152(1) of the CPC would have no basis to be
permitted to appeal against the dismissal of their complaint.

(b) Section 401(1) of the CPC expressly provides that the General Division of
the High Court may exercise its revisionary powers to direct a Magistrate to
make further inquiry into a complaint which has been dismissed under s 152 of
the CPC. Since the revisionary powers of the General Division of the High
Court generally apply to judgments, sentences and orders that cannot be
appealed against (see s 400(2) of the CPC), s 401(1) of the CPC bolsters the
Respondent’s position that an order made under s 152(1) of the CPC is non-
appealable.

Indeed, under s 400(1) of the CPC, the Respondent and not any complainant is
the proper party to seek revision against an order of dismissal under s 152(1)
of the CPC. The Applicant’s recourse, if any, ought to lie in the court’s
revisionary rather than appellate jurisdiction, but this is subject to the
Respondent having determined that such a course of action is warranted. This
is consistent with the Respondent (but not a complainant) having a right of
audience before the General Division of the High Court (see s 11(6) of the
CPC), and, as provided for by s 11(1) of the CPC, the Respondent having the
control and direction of criminal prosecutions and proceedings. It also
ensures that any such petition for revision is subject to the Respondent’s
control to guard against frivolous petitions.

Issue 2: There was no arguable case of reasonable suspicion that the Decision
was irrational

38 The Applicant submitted that the Respondent was irrational in taking the
position that there was no public interest in allowing the appeal to continue.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AWS at paras 27–29.

It was contended that there was a public interest in ensuring that errant
police officers are taken to task, especially those guilty of intentional
procedural breaches. However, as the Respondent pointed out, this alone is not
a sufficient basis to satisfy the high threshold of irrationality, even on the
less exacting threshold of showing an “arguable case of reasonable suspicion”.

39 I found that the Respondent’s decision was not irrational. While there was
a public interest in taking errant police officers to task, this could not in
itself form the basis for allowing the application given that the Decision was
clearly not unreasonable in the circumstances. Taking the Applicant’s argument
to its logical conclusion, any decision by the Respondent to intervene in a
private prosecution would always be irrational because such a prosecution is,
by definition, commenced by a party alleging criminal offences against third
parties, and it would always be in the public interest for those third parties
to be taken to task. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

RWS at para 22.

In any event, I concurred with the Respondent’s submission 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

RWS at para 23.

that the Decision would have been reasonable in light of the following:

(a) As conveyed via letter to the Applicant on 9 February 2023, she had no
right to appeal against the dismissal of her complaint to begin with (see
above at [7]).

(b) It was abundantly clear that the facts presented by the Applicant to the
Senior Magistrate did not disclose an offence under ss 182 and/or 187(1) of
the PC (Iris Koh at [25]).

(c) The Magistrate’s appeal was not the proper forum for the Applicant to
ventilate her claims of alleged police impropriety during the legal
professional privilege review. It appeared that the real purpose of her
Magistrate’s Complaint was to challenge the admissibility of the material on
the Electronic Devices. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Supporting Affidavit of Iris Koh Shu Cii dated 14 April 2023 at p 34, lines
16–20 and p 37, lines 17–28.

The issue of admissibility ought properly to be raised at the Applicant’s
trial on her charges instead, as the Senior Magistrate noted (Iris Koh at
[10]). The appeal did not appear to have been pursued in good faith but to
advance a collateral purpose.

Issue 3: There was no arguable case of reasonable suspicion that there was
procedural impropriety in the making of the Decision

40 The Applicant submitted that the Respondent’s Decision would deny the
Applicant her right to a fair hearing and deny her an opportunity to correct
the erroneous decision by the Senior Magistrate to dismiss her complaint
without complying with requirements under s 152(1) of the CPC.

41 However, as pointed out by the Respondent, the subject of the inquiry here
was the Respondent’s decision and whether there had been procedural
impropriety in how the Respondent came to the Decision. In my assessment, the
Senior Magistrate had exercised his discretion judicially in evaluating the
complaint before him. In any case, the alleged procedural errors made by the
Senior Magistrate were premised on the Applicant’s erroneous interpretation of
s 152(1) of the CPC, which I have addressed in respect of Issue 1 (see above
at [23]–[31]).

42 In this regard, the Respondent had given the Applicant notice of its
position and a fair chance to be heard on her representations: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

RWS at para 29.

(a) On 9 February 2023, the Respondent notified the Applicant of his position
that her appeal was legally unsustainable.

(b) On 13 February 2023, the Applicant (through her counsel) alleged that the
Senior Magistrate had unlawfully dismissed her complaint under s 152(1) of the
CPC. Having considered the Applicant’s position, the Respondent replied on 16
February 2023 stating that he took a contrary view.

(c) On 13 March 2023, the Respondent gave the Applicant notice of his decision
to intervene to discontinue her appeal. On 23 March 2023, the Applicant made
representations through her counsel and invited the Respondent to reconsider
his decision. This was followed by the Respondent’s written explanation on 24
March 2023 that he had arrived at his decision after considering the merits of
the Applicant’s appeal and whether there was a public interest in allowing it
to continue.

43 There was therefore no arguable case of reasonable suspicion that the
Decision was procedurally improper. The Applicant’s submissions incorrectly
challenged the decision of the Senior Magistrate rather than the Decision (of
the Respondent) which was being impugned. In any event, I saw no cogent reason
to differ from the Senior Magistrate’s decision to dismiss the complaint.
There was no prima facie error in his finding that no offence had been
disclosed on the complaint. The Applicant was afforded a full and fair hearing
by the Senior Magistrate, who had duly explained why her complaint was
dismissed. Adequate notice of the Respondent’s intention to intervene and
discontinue the appeal had been given to the Applicant by the Respondent and
counsel’s representations had been considered.

Conclusion

44 To sum up, the application for leave to commence judicial review for a
quashing order of the Decision was dismissed as the Applicant had not
demonstrated an arguable case of reasonable suspicion that the Decision was
illegal, irrational or procedurally improper. In particular, the Respondent
was justified in taking the position that the requirements under s 152(1) and
s 151(2)(b) of the CPC are not mandatory and that s 374(1) of the CPC does not
afford any right of appeal against the dismissal of a Magistrate’s Complaint.

45 Correspondingly, the declaratory relief sought by the Applicant was also
dismissed as it was contingent on the grant of permission to apply for a
prerogative order (see Cheong Chun Yin v Attorney-General [2014] 3 SLR 1141 at
[27]).

46 At the conclusion of the hearing, the Respondent asked for the Applicant’s
counsel to be held personally liable for costs on the basis that the
application was frivolous and vexatious, and because counsel had advanced his
submissions based on a clearly untenable interpretation of the law. It was
further pointed out that counsel had rebuffed the Respondent’s repeated
invitations to withdraw the application despite warnings of potential personal
costs consequences.

47 I declined to order the Applicant’s counsel to bear costs personally. I
noted that counsel did not put forward any authorities to support the
interpretations of ss 152(1) and 374(1) of the CPC that were advanced and
could have been more prudent in the advice dispensed to the Applicant and in
the arguments advanced before the court. That being said, I was also conscious
that there was no specific case authority which deals with whether a dismissal
of a Magistrate’s Complaint pursuant to s 152(1) of the CPC was an “order”
which could be appealed against. The Senior Magistrate alluded to this in Iris
Koh (at [31] and [34]). As such, I did not think that the application was
clearly frivolous and vexatious.

48 In the circumstances, I ordered the Applicant to bear the Respondent’s
costs fixed at $5,000, inclusive of disbursements.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Mohamed Arshad bin Mohamed and Patrick Fernandez  
(Fernandez LLC) for the applicant;

Lim Tze Etsuko and Jiang Ke-Yue  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Aug 2023 (14:28 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

