Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 319

Originating Application No 666 of 2023

(Summons No 2563 of 2023)

Between

(1)| CoShield Global Pty Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| CoShield Global Trading Limited  
(3)| CoShield NZ Limited  
  
… Applicants

And

Krittapaj Sorralump

… Defendant

judgment

[Contempt of court — Civil contempt — Impecunious judgment debtor not to be
committed for being unable to pay judgment debts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CoShield Global Pty Ltd and others

  
v

  

Krittapaj Sorralump

[2023] SGHC 319

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 666 of 2023
(Summons No 2563 of 2023)  
Choo Han Teck J  
1 November 2023

8 November 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The 1st applicant CoShield Global Pty Ltd is an Australian company, the 2nd
applicant CoShield Global Trading Limited and the 3rd applicant CoShield NZ
Limited are New Zealand companies. The applicants form part of the CoShield
group of companies that are in the business of supplying personal protection
equipment to other organisations. The defendant Krittapaj Sorralump is a Thai
national who is currently a resident in Singapore. He was formerly the chief
executive officer, director and majority shareholder of Nakawat TD Pte Ltd
(“Nakawat Singapore”), a Singapore company in the business of supplying
nitrile gloves. Nakawat Singapore was wound up on 1 October 2021, on an
application made by one of its creditors (HC/CWU 131/2021).

2 The applicants had previously (on 10 September 2021 in HC/S 748/2021) sued
the defendant for making fraudulent and/or negligent misrepresentations that
induced them to buy 75 million boxes of nitrile gloves, for US$26,928,907. The
applicants sued and obtained an interim consent judgment on 27 June 2022
(HC/JUD 284/2022) before an assistant registrar in chambers. By that judgment
the defendant agreed to pay damages to be assessed, expenses incurred, and
provide security of US$6.5m. According to the applicants, the defendant did
not comply with any of these terms.

3 Notwithstanding this, parties engaged in further negotiations in early-2023
and obtained a final consent judgment on 1 March 2023 before Lee Seiu Kin J
(HC/JUD 80/2023), ordering the defendant to:

(a) Pay US$12m to the applicants in instalments;

(b) agree to the sale of his property at Marina One Residences, Singapore,
with the proceeds to be paid to the liquidators of Nakawat Singapore;

(c) consent to the retention of his documents that had been seized;

(d) consent to the Worldwide Mareva Injunction against him remaining until
payment has been completed; and

(e) provide to the applicants security for the sum of US$2m in the form of a
banker’s guarantee by 20 March 2023.

4 The defendant has not complied with some of these orders. Payment was not
made, and no explanation was given. The defendant has assets in Thailand, but
it is too difficult for the applicants to enforce the judgment there. The
applicants thus apply for committal against the defendant to ensure compliance
with the judgment. The present committal proceedings against the defendant are
for the defendant’s non-compliance of both the interim consent judgment and
the final consent judgment. Three issues arise: First, whether the defendant
can be committed for a breach of the interim consent judgment, given that
there is now subsequently a final consent judgment. Second, whether committal
proceedings are appropriate for the enforcement of monetary judgments. Third,
whether on the facts of the present case, the defendant should be committed
for his breaches of the interim consent judgment and the final consent
judgment.

5 Counsel for the defendant, Mr Uthayasurian Sidambaram (“Mr Uthayasurian”)
submits that since the final judgment has superseded the interim judgment, the
interim judgment is no longer valid, and “cannot be the subject of contempt
because the parties had renegotiated”.

6 I agree with counsel for the applicant, Mr Imran Rahim (“Mr Imran”) that, as
a general principle, a defendant may still be held liable in contempt for non-
compliance with an interim judgment, notwithstanding that it has been
superseded by a final judgment. The Court of Appeal (“CA”) in Tay Kar Oon v
Tahir [2017] 2 SLR 342 (“Tay Kar Oon”) at [38] has made it clear that the
court “should have the power in… civil contempt to act against the contemnor
irrespective of any withdrawal or settlement of the proceedings”. It is thus
clear that the court may act against the contemnor in such situations. Whether
or not the defendant is liable for contempt for non-compliance with the
interim judgment depends on the factual circumstances.

7 In relation to the second issue, I agree with Mr Imran that, as a general
principle, a monetary judgment may be enforced by committal. This is evident
from s 4(1) of the Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (2020 Rev
Ed) (“AJPA”) which provides that a contemnor is liable for contempt of court
for intentional disobedience of “any judgment”, and the case of Mok Kah Hong v
Zheng Zhuan Yao [2016] 3 SLR 1 (“Mok Kah Hong”) at [97] where the CA found
that a husband who had “blatantly and inexcusably refused to comply with [the
court’s order for him to make payment to the ex-wife]” was liable for contempt
of court. However, committal proceedings may not be appropriate for all
situations where a judgment creditor seeks to enforce a monetary judgment. In
this connection, I agree with Mr Uthayasurian that committal proceedings
should not be used against an impecunious judgment debtor (Moh Kah Hong at
[92]). When the circumstances show that the judgment debtor is unable to pay
up, it would be unjust to commit him for non-compliance of a judgment debt —
it is not that the judgment debtor intentionally refuses to comply with the
orders made, it is that he is simply unable to do so. The debtor’s prison,
long gone, is not to be reintroduced — without express legislation.

8 In relation to the third issue, I am of the view that it would not be
appropriate to commit the defendant in the present case. I do not accept Mr
Imran’s submission that committal of the defendant is warranted in the present
case because the defendant had blatantly and inexcusably refused to comply
with both consent judgments. First, as Mr Uthayasurian argues, it is not
disputed that the defendant had facilitated the transfer of the Marina One
Residence to the liquidators of Nakawat Singapore. This is indicative to me
that the defendant had made an effort towards meeting his payment obligations
and had reduced his debt.

9 Secondly, I do not agree with Mr Imran that the defendant’s failure to make
further attempts to pay the applicants should be held against him. It does not
appear to me that the defendant is at fault for not using his remaining assets
towards payment. The defendant has substantial stockholding and real estate
properties in Thailand. Mr Uthayasurian has confirmed that the defendant had
consented to let the applicants have the Thai properties. It is the applicants
who are unwilling to take the necessary steps to enforce against the Thai
properties. It is therefore not fair for the applicants to now commit the
defendant for his inability to pay the judgment sum.

10 Thirdly, I accept Mr Uthayasurian’s submission that as the applicant’s
Worldwide Mareva Injunction over the defendant’s assets is still in force, the
defendant cannot deal with his assets himself. It is thus unfair to penalise
the defendant for not being able to transfer those assets to the applicants
when they have a Worldwide Mareva injunction over his assets. If the
applicants want the defendant to transfer his remaining assets that they have
identified in satisfaction of the judgment sum, they must facilitate the
defendant’s transfer. A failure to make such transfers should only be counted
against the defendant after it has been shown that he is able but unwilling.

11 Fourthly, I accept the defendant’s claim that he is currently unemployed
and unable to do business. This is in keeping with his current status of being
“on special pass” because of the investigations against him by the Commercial
Affairs Department of the Singapore Police Force, and having his passport
seized. I accept that the defendant cannot find employment as it would be a
breach of the special pass conditions. As for the applicants’ assertion that
the defendant is now the “senior advisor” of a company called “EnEach”, a Thai
company in the business of supplements and capsules. The single untranslated
screenshot of a Thai website purportedly showing the defendant, without more
context, and without more information, is insufficient proof that the
defendant is gainfully employed and earning a substantial income (even if
translated). This is especially so when weighed against the objective fact of
the defendant’s current status of being “on special pass”.

12 Finally, I accept that there is some evidence of the defendant trying to
carry out business deals and projects to generate more income towards meeting
his payment obligations. This relates to Mr Imran’s submission that the
defendant had informed the applicants during negotiations (over the consent
judgments) that he was to receive remuneration of US$120,000 a month from NKW
Global Pte Ltd, and had assured the applicants that he would have the funds to
meet the payment obligation. There are no guarantees when it comes to
business, as can be seen in the original troubles with Nakawat Singapore. I am
not satisfied that the failure of the defendant to succeed in these ventures
and to generate income to make payment towards his judgment debt, justifies
committal. If the applicants take issue with the past negotiations (leading up
to the consent judgments), they may well have another cause of action — but it
does not lie in the present committal application.

13 In the circumstances of the present case, it is my view that the defendant
is currently in a position that is analogous to that of an impecunious
judgment debtor. He is unable to secure employment to earn money, due to him
being on a special pass. He continues to be unsuccessful in the field of
business and is unable to make money there. Although he has some known assets
in Thailand, he is unable to deal with them because of the Worldwide Mareva
Injunction against him, and because he is unable to leave Singapore. In other
words, he does not have the ability to make payment towards or otherwise meet
the other terms of the final consent judgment, and was unable to do so in the
past for the interim consent judgment as well. It would therefore be
inappropriate to commit him in the present case — although this may change
should the circumstances be different. The application is dismissed. I will
hear arguments on costs if parties are unable to agree costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Muhammad Imran Bin Abdul Rahim and Raheja Binte Jamaluddin (Eldan law LLP) for
the applicants;  
Uthayasurian s/o Sidambaram and Sofia Bennita d/o Mohamed Bakhash (Phoenix Law
Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Nov 2023 (12:23 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

