Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCR 9

Suit No 1006 of 2021 (Summons No 1673 of 2023)

Between

| H8 Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| RIC Dormitory (SG) Pte Ltd (formerly known as QFC Investment Pte Ltd)  
---|---  
(2)| POP Holdings Pte Ltd  
(3)| Lee Boon Leng  
(4)| Leong Poh Choo  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure – Discovery of documents – Commercial sensitivity]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
H8 Holdings Pte Ltd

  
v

  

RIC Dormitory (SG) Pte Ltd (formerly known as QFC Investment Pte Ltd) and
others

  

[2023] SGHCR 9

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1006 of 2021

(Summons No 1673 of 2023)  
AR Victor Choy  
7, 12 July 2023

24 July 2023

AR Victor Choy:

Introduction

1 This was the Plaintiff’s, H8 Holdings Pte Ltd (“H8 Holdings”), application
against the 1st Defendant, RIC Dormitory (SG) Pte Ltd (“RIC”), for specific
discovery (“Application”) under O 24 r 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2014
Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”). H8 Holdings sought discovery of RIC’s general ledger
entries for the Financial Years (“FY”) ended on 31 December 2017, 31 December
2018 and 31 December 2019 (collectively, “General Ledgers”).

2 After hearing parties’ submissions, I allowed the Application. I now set out
the full grounds of my decision.

Background

3 H8 Holdings and the 2nd Defendant, POP Holdings Pte Ltd (“POP Holdings”),
are shareholders of RIC. The 3rd and 4th Defendants (“Lee and Leong”) are the
only directors and shareholders of POP Holdings and are also the only
directors of RIC.

4 The present suit was brought by H8 Holdings for inter alia a claim for
oppression. H8 Holdings claimed that, despite its objections, Lee and Leong,
as controllers of RIC, approved the issuance of 1,000,000 of its shares to POP
Holdings on or about 26 June 2018. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 5) at para 32.

H8 Holdings claimed that this effectively diluted its shareholding in RIC from
30% to 15%. H8 Holdings also claimed that these shares were obtained by POP
Holdings at an undervalue.

5 Accordingly, one of the issues that arose and is to be determined at trial
is whether the 1,000,000 shares of RIC obtained by POP Holdings on or around
26 June 2018 were obtained at an undervalue. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 5) at para 32.

To determine this issue, parties appointed experts to perform a valuation of
the shares of RIC held by H8 Holdings on or around 26 June 2018 (“Shares”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

4th Affidavit of Han Jieling at pp 13-14.

In this regard, H8 Holdings’ expert requested the General Ledgers so that he
can perform the valuation. RIC refused, and hence the Application.

The parties’ cases

6 H8 Holdings sought the General Ledgers on behalf of its expert, Mr Farooq
Ahmad Mann of Mann & Associates PAC (“Mr Mann”). Mr Mann took the view that
the General Ledgers would be relevant and necessary to his determination of
the value of the Shares as they would:

(a) explain the closing balances as at 31 December 2017 and consequently the
opening balances for 31 December 2018;

(b) allow for the reconstruction of accounts as at 26 June 2018;

(c) provide insight into how transactions are recorded such as sales; and

(d) act as a safeguard or check against any inaccuracies in the financial
statements which are unaudited.

7 RIC disagreed. RIC took the view that discovery of the General Ledgers
should be refused as:

(a) the General Ledgers were not relevant to the issue of whether the Shares
were obtained at an undervalue;

(b) the General Ledgers were not necessary as Mr Mann could rely on the 2017
and 2018 Financial Statements (“Financial Statements”) and management accounts
(“Management Accounts”) of RIC that have already been provided;

(c) there was delay in taking out the Application; and

(d) the General Ledgers contained commercially sensitive information.

8 For the reasons set out below, I did not accept RIC’s arguments.

The law on specific discovery

9 It is trite law that an order for specific discovery will be made only if
the requested documents are relevant and necessary: see O 24 rr 5 and 7 of the
ROC 2014.

10 The relevance of a document is determined by reference to the parties’
pleaded cases and can either be:

(a) directly relevant – a document on which the party relies or will rely;
where it could adversely affect his own or another party’s case; or where it
supports another party’s case; or

(b) indirectly relevant – a document that may lead the applicant to a “train
of inquiry resulting in his obtaining information which may” adversely affect
his or another party’s case or which may support another party’s case.

(see O 24 r 5(3) of the ROC 2014; see also EQ Capital Investments Ltd v
Sunbreeze Group Investments Ltd [2017] SGHCR 15 at [46(c)])

11 If the requested documents are relevant, it must be shown that the
documents are necessary either for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or
for saving costs: O 24 r 7 of the ROC 2014. The burden rests on the party
resisting discovery to show that disclosure is not necessary: UMCI Ltd v Tokio
Marine & Fire Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2006] 4 SLR(R) 95 at [79].

12 With the above principles in mind, I turn to the Application.

Relevance of the General Ledgers

13 I first considered the issue of relevance.

14 This turns on the issue in dispute that forms the basis for seeking the
requested documents. In the present case, the relevant issue is whether the
1,000,000 shares of RIC obtained by POP Holdings on or around 26 June 2018
were obtained at an undervalue. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 5) at para 32.

15 I was of the view that the General Ledgers were relevant to the issue as
stated at [14] above, for the reasons explained below.

The General Ledgers are relevant to the valuation of the Shares

16 Relying on the principle that relevance must be determined by reference to
the parties’ pleaded cases, RIC argued that the General Ledgers were
irrelevant as they went towards challenging the accuracy and veracity of RIC’s
Financial Statements, the issue of which has neither been pleaded nor
challenged by H8 Holdings.

17 In support of its argument, RIC referred to Mr Mann’s letter to H8
Holdings’ solicitors dated 28 May 2023 (“Mr Mann’s Letter”) setting out his
reasons for requesting the General Ledgers. In particular, RIC refers to
paragraph 8 of Mr Mann’s Letter which stated: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

4th Affidavit of Han Jieling at pp 17-18.

There are also strong reasons for the completed and detailed General Ledgers
as mentioned above to be made available since one of the prayers in the
Statement of Claim is requesting an independent audit of [RIC’s] financial
accounts to be conducted to determine if the same is a going concern or not.
This in turn is notedly connected to other prayers in the Statement of Claim.
There is therefore a strong suggestion and reason to believe that the
financial statements as drawn up by the Company and management may not be
providing a true and fair view of the Company’s financial position as at the
valuation date and this in turn will certainly impact on the engagement
objective of determining the proper valuation of your clients’ minority stake
as the valuation date.

18 RIC argued that, based on the paragraph above, the purpose of seeking the
General Ledgers was to challenge the veracity of RIC’s Financial Statements
and not to determine whether the shares of RIC were obtained by POP Holdings
at an undervalue. Accordingly, RIC submitted that discovery of the General
Ledgers should not be allowed.

19 I disagreed with RIC.

20 The fact that a document is relevant to one issue does not preclude it from
being relevant to another. Indeed, it would be odd if a document, that is
relevant to one of the issues in the suit, is excluded simply because it is
also relevant to another issue not raised in the suit. The key question must
be whether, in determining the issue raised in the suit, a party will rely on
the document or for the purposes set out in O 24 r 5 of the ROC 2014.

21 On the present facts, I was persuaded that the General Ledgers would be
relied on by Mr Mann for the purpose of valuing the Shares and consequently to
determine whether the shares obtained by POP Holdings were obtained at an
undervalue.

22 Mr Mann had explained in his letter why he requested the General Ledgers
and how they would assist him to determine the proper value of the Shares. In
particular, paragraph 6 of Mr Mann’s Letter stated: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

4th Affidavit of Han Jieling at p 17.

Having noted that the valuation of [H8 Holdings’] minority shareholding is at
the valuation date, we note that as against this, the financial statements are
all dated as at 31 December. For a meaningful valuation to be conducted, it is
important that the financial statement and financial information (including
the management accounts) as at 30 June 2018 are in hand. This includes the
entire detailed General Ledgers of [RIC] for the financial years ended 31
December 2017, 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 which would cover the
transactions up to and including 30 June 2018. The General Ledgers for the
financial year ended 31 December 2017 would explain the closing balances as at
31 December 2017 and consequently the opening balances for 31 December 2018.
The General Ledgers would also allow the 26 June 2018 and/or 30 June 2018
management accounts to be reconstituted and provide insight into how
transactions are recorded especially for sales. The General Ledgers from July
2018 to 31 December 2019 would provide insight into what transactions took
place after [H8 Holdings’] shares were diluted and in particular, whether any
specific actions, resolutions or other transactions of [RIC] were carried out,
put in place or timed after the dilution took place. Also, the importance of
having the General Ledgers for the financial years ended 31 December 2017 to
31 December 2019 in hand is connected to the issue of the veracity of the
financial statements for these financial periods. This is elaborated on below
and in particular at paragraph 8.

23 In contrast, RIC did not put forth any evidence showing why it would be
incorrect for Mr Mann to choose to rely on the General Ledgers in his
valuation. Instead, RIC’s argument is simply that Mr Mann had not explained
how the General Ledgers would be relevant to the valuation, which I did not
agree with. In my view, the reasons provided by Mr Mann as set out at
paragraph 6 of his letter showed that the General Ledgers would assist Mr Mann
in understanding the financial accounts and assessing the financial position
of RIC, which would be relevant to the valuation of the Shares. As to whether
the Financial Statements and Management Accounts would be sufficient for the
purpose of the valuation, this is a question of necessity, which will be dealt
with below.

24 Having considered the relevance of the General Ledgers, I returned to RIC’s
argument that the General Ledgers are intended to be relied upon to challenge
the accuracy and veracity of RIC’s Financial Statements, which RIC says is an
issue that has neither been pleaded nor challenged by H8 Holdings. This
appeared to have arisen from paragraph 8 of Mr Mann’s Letter which has been
reproduced at [17] above, as well as the second last sentence of paragraph 6
of Mr Mann’s Letter which stated: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

4th Affidavit of Han Jieling at p 17.

Also, the importance of having the General Ledgers for the financial years
ended 31 December 2017 to 31 December 2019 in hand is connected to the issue
of the veracity of the financial statements for these financial periods.

25 As I mentioned above, the fact that a document is relevant to one issue
does not preclude it from being relevant to another. Reading paragraph 6 of Mr
Mann’s Letter as a whole (which has been reproduced in full at [22] above), it
was clear to me that Mr Mann requested the General Ledgers to value the
Shares. While mention was made of the veracity of the Financial Statements,
the request was made with the view of getting a full picture of RIC’s
financial position and the intention to value the Shares accurately. The fact
that it could also be used to challenge the veracity of the Financial
Statements did not mean that it was irrelevant to the issue at hand.

26 As I was of the view that the General Ledgers would be relied on by Mr Mann
to obtain a proper valuation of the Shares, the General Ledgers would be
relevant to determining whether the shares obtained by POP Holdings were
obtained at an undervalue.

The 31 December 2019 entries are relevant to properly value the Shares

27 RIC then sought to narrow the scope of discovery by excluding the ledger
entries for FY ended on 31 December 2019 (“2019 Ledgers”). RIC argued that the
2019 Ledgers were irrelevant as the issue in question related to the value of
RIC’s shares as of 26 June 2018. In RIC’s view, transactions which took place
after 26 June 2018 had no impact on or relevance to the value of the Shares as
at 26 June 2018 and that the request for the 2019 Ledgers was a fishing
expedition.

28 In response, H8 Holdings submitted that the 2019 Ledgers were relevant as
the valuation process was not a point valuation but an ongoing one. Being an
ongoing valuation, Mr Mann would need to take into account subsequent
transactions so as to get an accurate picture of the financial status of RIC
and consequently provide a more accurate valuation of the Shares as at 26 June
2018. In support of its argument, H8 Holdings referred to paragraph 6 of Mr
Mann’s Letter which stated: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

4th Affidavit of Han Jieling at p 17.

The General Ledgers from July 2018 to 31 December 2019 would provide insight
into what transactions took place after [H8 Holdings’] shares were diluted and
in particular, whether any specific actions, resolutions or other transactions
of [RIC] were carried out, put in place or timed after the dilution took
place.

29 I accepted H8 Holdings’ argument and Mr Mann’s explanation. There could be
transactions that took place after 26 June 2018 which might have a bearing on
the value of the Shares as at 26 June 2018.

30 In the absence of evidence showing that to obtain an accurate value of the
Shares:

(a) the valuation exercise must strictly be conducted on the basis of
information up to and only 26 June 2018; and

(b) seeking the ledger entries up to FY ended on 31 December 2019 is
manifestly excessive,

I was of the view that the 2019 Ledgers would be relevant to obtaining an
accurate valuation of the Shares.

Necessity of the General Ledgers

31 I next considered the necessity of the General Ledgers.

32 In this regard, RIC argued that the General Ledgers, even if relevant, were
not necessary because:

(a) Mr Mann could rely on the Financial Statements and Management Accounts,
which have already been put into discovery; and

(b) the 2nd, 3rd and 4th Defendants’ expert, Mr Tim Reid of M/s Baker Tilly
Advisory Pte Ltd (“Mr Reid”), would not be relying on the General Ledgers in
his valuation of the Shares.

33 I considered each of these below.

The General Ledgers are necessary for an accurate valuation of the Shares

34 There was no dispute that the following documents have been disclosed to H8
Holdings:

(a) RIC’s financial statements for FY 2017 to 2019; and

(b) RIC’s Management Accounts (as at 31 May 2018 and 30 June 2018).

(“Disclosed Documents”)

35 RIC submitted that since H8 Holdings had not previously objected to the
adoption and approval of the Financial Statements (for FY 2017 and 2018), the
Disclosed Documents were sufficient for the purposes of the valuation of the
Shares. Effectively, RIC was suggesting that Mr Mann should proceed with his
valuation on the basis that the Financial Statements were true and accurate
and it was therefore unnecessary for him to review the General Ledgers.

36 I did not agree.

37 While Mr Mann is appointed by H8 Holdings, as an expert, Mr Mann owes an
overriding duty to the Court to assist the Court on the matters within his
expertise: O 40A r 2 of the ROC 2014. To do so, it was fair for Mr Mann to
seek documents which he believed would assist him in providing an accurate and
meaningful valuation that would assist the Court.

38 In Mr Mann’s view, the Disclosed Documents were insufficient for him to
provide a meaningful or accurate valuation of the Shares. This is because the
Financial Statements were unaudited and the Statement of Claim sought an
independent audit of RIC’s financial accounts to be conducted to determine if
RIC was a going concern. Given these, Mr Mann believed that he may not have a
full view of the financial position of RIC with only the Disclosed Documents,
therefore making it difficult for him to provide an accurate and proper
valuation of the Shares.

39 In view of the concerns that Mr Mann had arising out of the circumstances
and pleadings of the parties, I was of the view that it was fair and necessary
for Mr Mann to have sight of the General Ledgers to satisfy himself that he
had the full picture of RIC’s financial position, which would in turn assist
him in providing a valuation to the Court that he believes is accurate.

H8 Holdings’ expert is not bound to rely solely on material that the
Defendant’s expert chooses to rely on

40 RIC also argued that the General Ledgers were unnecessary as the
Defendants’ expert, Mr Reid, would not be relying on them in his valuation of
the Shares.

41 This argument is without merit. However, in fairness to RIC, this argument
arose because Mr Mann took issue with Mr Reid (being the 2nd, 3rd and 4th
Defendants’ expert) having been given unfettered access to RIC’s financial
information including the General Ledgers whereas he was not similarly given
the same. Mr Mann took the view that the unequal access to information could
leave his valuation report open to attack by Mr Reid and affect the
credibility and weight of his report. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

4th Affidavit of Han Jieling at p 17, para 7.

42 All that being said, RIC’s argument may be easily addressed.

43 Experts are generally free to choose the material that they intend to rely
on. The fact that one expert chooses not to rely on certain material should
not and cannot bind the hands of the other expert such that he or she is
similarly not allowed to rely on the same. Of course, if parties agree or if
the Court directs that certain material be excluded from consideration by the
experts, that is a different matter.

44 In the present case, where no such agreement or directions from the Court
exist, the mere fact that Mr Reid chooses not to rely on the General Ledgers
should not preclude Mr Mann from relying on them in his valuation.

45 In any event, RIC’s submission that Mr Reid is not relying on the General
Ledgers stemmed solely from their understanding that he would not do so. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1st Affidavit of Leong Poh Choo at para 29.

There was no evidence before me that Mr Reid has stated that he has chosen not
to rely on the General Ledgers. Even if he did state so, Mr Reid could still
change his mind subsequently and choose to rely on the General Ledgers, which
RIC’s counsel accepted. Accordingly, I do not agree that the General Ledgers
are unnecessary simply because (and assuming that to be the case) Mr Reid had,
for the moment, chosen not to rely on them.

No inordinate delay

46 RIC also objected to the Application on the basis that there was
substantial delay. In this regard, RIC argued that the issue of undervalue
crystallised as early as 3 January 2023. Yet, H8 Holdings only issued
substantive instructions to Mr Mann on 24 May 2023 and only took out the
Application on 7 June 2023. As a result, RIC claimed that it had to incur
additional costs.

47 I did not agree.

48 First, as counsel for RIC rightly conceded, delay per se is not a bar to an
application for specific discovery. The key is whether the General Ledgers are
relevant and necessary to determine the value of the Shares which, for the
reasons set out at [13] to [39] above, I had found to be so.

49 Second, and in any event, I was not convinced that there was inordinate
delay. To explain my view, it would be helpful for me to set out the relevant
chronology of events as follows:

Date| Event  
---|---  
16 May 2023| Parties attended a Pre-Trial Conference where directions were
given for the filing of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), including
those of expert witnesses.  
19 May 2023 to 23 May 2023| Correspondences were exchanged between H8
Holdings’ solicitors and solicitors for the 2nd, 3rd and 4th Defendants to
discuss the scope of the expert’s AEIC and the possibility of engaging a joint
expert to save time and costs. Parties eventually agreed to appoint their own
experts. 11

##### Foot Note 11

× 4th Affidavit of Han Jieling at pp 8-12.  
24 May 2023| H8 Holdings’ solicitors provided Mr Mann with a brief and
reference material so that Mr Mann could provide his valuation of the Shares.
12

##### Foot Note 12

× 4th Affidavit of Han Jieling at p 16, para 1.  
28 May 2023| Mr Mann wrote to H8 Holdings’ solicitors requesting the General
Ledgers. 13

##### Foot Note 13

× 4th Affidavit of Han Jieling at pp 16-18.  
29 May 2023| H8 Holdings’ solicitors wrote to RIC’s solicitors requesting the
General Ledgers. 14

##### Foot Note 14

× 4th Affidavit of Han Jieling at pp 20-21.  
5 June 2023| RIC’s solicitors wrote to reject H8 Holdings’ request for the
General Ledgers. 15

##### Foot Note 15

× 4th Affidavit of Han Jieling at p 22.  
7 June 2023| H8 Holdings filed the Application.  
  
50 From the above chronology, it was apparent that as of 19 May 2023, parties
were exploring the possibility of appointing a joint expert to save time and
costs and to reduce the scope of contested issues at trial. Once that was
sorted out on 23 May 2023, and RIC had refused H8 Holdings’ request for the
General Ledgers, H8 Holdings took out the Application 2 days from RIC’s
refusal. The entire exchange from the time discussions began on the
possibility of appointing a joint expert to the time the Application was filed
took less than a month. This, in my view, did not amount to inordinate delay.

51 Even if I considered the time taken from the point when the issue of
whether the shares were obtained by POP Holdings at an undervalue
crystallised, which was in January 2023, I did not think that a delay of about
6 months should bar the Application. Counsel for RIC rightly conceded that it
would be difficult for him to press this point further on the present facts.

Commercial sensitivity

52 As a final string to its bow, RIC argued that the General Ledgers should
nevertheless not be disclosed as they contained commercially sensitive
information. RIC submitted that this information could be used by certain
representatives of H8 Holdings in another company that they were allegedly
involved in, Joylicious Management Pte Ltd (“Joylicious Management”), to the
detriment of RIC.

53 In the interest of saving time and costs, I directed counsel for both
parties to consider whether agreement could be reached on the scope of
disclosure of the General Ledgers with the appropriate redactions. However, as
parties were unable to reach an agreement on the scope of disclosure, I
proceeded to consider the extent to which the General Ledgers should be
disclosed.

The law on disclosure and the interest in protecting commercially sensitive
information

54 It is generally accepted that parties should have unfettered access to all
relevant and necessary documents to ensure a fair trial. At the same time, it
is well-established that there is a need to ensure that documents that a party
is compelled to disclose for the purposes of the proceedings are not misused
by the party receiving the document (see B2C2 Ltd v Quoine Pte Ltd [2018] 4
SLR 67 at [16]; see also Genk Capital Pte Ltd v Zhang Changjie [2020] SGHCR 4
(“Genk Capital”) at [9]). To strike the appropriate balance, the Courts rely
on the Riddick principle or undertaking – that documents disclosed in
discovery under compulsion must not be used for any purpose other than the
action in which they are produced: Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa [2021] 2 SLR
584 at [100].

55 However, the Riddick principle may not always be sufficient. Concerns
remain in the minds of trade rivals or competitors locked in proceedings that
documents that they disclose may contain commercially valuable or sensitive
information such as customer names, price lists and data which may not be
sufficiently protected by the Riddick undertaking. The reason for such
concerns is a practical one. Once the documents containing commercially
sensitive information have been seen, they cannot be unseen. Realistically, it
would be difficult or impossible for a trade rival to segregate, in his mind,
the information obtained through discovery from the information that he
already has from being in the industry. There may be overlaps in both sets of
information and it would be unfair for the receiving party to be prevented
from pursuing businesses that he could have engaged in based on his prior
knowledge, just because the same information was also disclosed in the course
of proceedings. Practically, it would also be difficult for the disclosing
party to enforce the Riddick undertaking as it may not be clear whether the
information obtained through discovery was in fact used.

56 The interest in protecting commercially sensitive information and the
reality that the Riddick principle may be inadequate in such situations find
support in the case of Mobil Oil Australia Ltd v Guina Developments Pty Ltd
(1995) 33 IPR 82. In that case, Hayne JA delivered the judgment of the Supreme
Court of Victoria and said at pp 87-89:

Where it is said that the documents are confidential, it may be accepted that
the fact that the documents are confidential will not ordinarily be a
sufficient reason to deny inspection by the opposite party. In most cases, the
fact that the documents may not be used except for the purposes of the
litigation concerned will be sufficient protection to the party producing
them. But where, as here, the party obtaining discovery is a trade rival of
the person whose secrets it is proposed should be revealed by discovery and
inspection, other considerations arise.

Once the documents are inspected by the principals of the trade rival the
information which is revealed is known to the trade rival and cannot be
forgotten. Confidentiality is destroyed once and for all (at least so far as
the particular trade rival is concerned). To say that the trade rival is bound
not to use the documents except for the purposes of the action concerned is,
in a case such as this, to impose upon that trade rival an obligation that is
impossible of performance by him and impossible of enforcement by the party
whose secrets have been revealed. How is the trade rival to forget what
internal rate of return the competitor seeks to achieve on a new investment of
the kind in question? How is the party whose hurdle rate has been revealed to
know whether the rival has used the information in framing a tender? Thus, if
the trade rival may inspect the documents concerned, the confidentiality of
the information in them is at once destroyed.

57 The question is then this: when should a party be allowed to refuse
disclosure of relevant material on the basis that they contain commercially
sensitive information?

The law and methods of protecting commercially sensitive information

58 Generally, the mere fact that a document is confidential or commercially
sensitive does not preclude the document from being subject to discovery and
disclosure (see Jeffrey Pinsler S.C., Singapore Court Practice (LexisNexis,
2020) at [24/9/1]) (“Singapore Court Practice”)). If the document is relevant
and necessary, subject to claims of privilege or immunity, the document should
be disclosed (see Singapore Court Practice at [24/9/1]).

59 It follows that mere allegations of commercial sensitivity are insufficient
for a party to refuse disclosure: Cigar Affair v Pacific Cigar Co [2005] 3
SLR(R) 633 (“Cigar Affair”) at [34]. If that was not the case, litigants could
simply make unsupported allegations that documents sought should not be
disclosed because they contain commercially sensitive information,
notwithstanding their relevance to the proceedings.

60 I pause here to acknowledge that Cigar Affair was not a case involving a
civil case on discovery of documents but one that related to the seizure of
documents pursuant to search warrants under the Trade Marks Act 1998 (Cap 332,
1999 Rev Ed). Nevertheless, the general proposition that mere allegations of
sensitivity should not prima facie disallow access to documents which are
otherwise relevant, should be equally applicable in the context of civil
discovery.

61 In my view, the onus is on the party claiming that the information in the
document sought to be disclosed is commercially sensitive to show that the
degree of commercial sensitivity or the impact of its disclosure would justify
its exclusion from discovery notwithstanding its relevance and necessity to
the proceedings. At the minimum, the party should set out (a) what in the
document is commercially sensitive, (b) how the information is commercially
sensitive, and (c) how the document, if disclosed to the other party, would
cause prejudice to the disclosing party. If the Court is satisfied that the
document contains commercially sensitive information and should be protected,
the Court may limit the scope of disclosure.

62 In this regard, there are various ways that the scope of disclosure may be
limited. Without setting out an exhaustive list of methods, the scope of
disclosure of commercially sensitive documents may be limited by:

(a) redacting (or replacing with anonymised terms) the portions that are
commercially sensitive (see IDB Interactive Sdn Bhd v Online E-Club Management
Sdn Bhd [2020] 7 MLJ 349 at [48]); or

(b) allowing access to the document to only specific individuals (also known
as “confidentiality clubs” or “confidentiality rings”) (see Genk Capital ([54]
above) at [11]).

63 Redaction is one of the most straightforward methods of limiting
disclosure. Portions that a party claims to be commercially sensitive can be
redacted so that the receiving party is still given access to the relevant
document while ensuring that the disclosing party is not prejudiced by the
disclosure of commercially sensitive information. In adopting this course, it
is not unusual for the Court to first review the unredacted version of the
document in the absence of the receiving party to consider the disclosing
party’s proposed redactions. This is particularly the case when there are
disputes as to whether the disclosing party is indeed redacting commercially
sensitive information.

64 There may also be situations where the redaction of commercially sensitive
information could leave gaps in the document making it difficult for the
receiving party to make sense of the unredacted information. For example,
where the document to be disclosed is the accounts of a company and the names
of customers have been redacted, the receiving party may not be able to know
whether certain transactions are attributed to the same customer. In those
situations, where the names of customers are not critical to the proceedings,
the redacted portions may be replaced with anonymised terms (for example,
Customer A, Customer B) so that the receiving party is still able to
meaningfully rely on the document.

65 Where, however, the information sought to be redacted or replaced is
critical to the proceedings, redaction or anonymising the commercially
sensitive information may not be feasible. In such situations, the Courts have
considered ordering that the document be disclosed only to certain individuals
(for example, to a party’s legal advisors or experts) (also known as
“confidentiality clubs” or “confidentiality rings”) often with a
confidentiality undertaking from these individuals not to disclose the
document or information contained therein to individuals outside of the clubs
or rings (see Genk Capital ([54] above) at [11]). Once proceedings have
concluded, members of the confidentiality clubs or rings may be required to
return or destroy the document. The problem with such an approach is that the
receiving party’s ability to conduct and prepare for trial may be hampered. If
the receiving party, being the party to the proceedings, is excluded from the
confidentiality club, it may not be able to properly instruct its legal
advisors or experts who are likewise unable to take instructions on the
conduct of the matter. This would result in the receiving party having to
conduct its trial with blinkers on (see Koger Inc v O’Donnell [2009] IEHC 385
(“Koger Inc”). For that reason, while confidentiality clubs excluding all
representatives of the receiving party could be ordered, it is unusual and
there must be exceptional circumstances to justify the same before a Court
would do so (see Koger Inc.)

66 With that, I turn back to the present case.

No evidence that alleged commercially sensitive information would be used by
H8 Holdings’ representatives

67 RIC is in the business of operating dormitories. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

2nd Affidavit of Leong Poh Choo at para 34.

RIC’s case is that the General Ledgers should not be disclosed as they
contained commercially sensitive information such as the identities of RIC’s
customers and its historical prices (“Information”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2nd Affidavit of Leong Poh Choo at para 36.

RIC said that the Information, if disclosed, would be against the interest of
RIC as (a) one of the shareholders of H8 Holdings, Mr Thia Tiong Siong (also
known as “Mr William”); and (b) Joylicious Management, a company whose sole
director and shareholder is Mr Han Shuikun (“Mr Han”), are in the same
business as RIC. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2nd Affidavit of Leong Poh Choo at para 36.

RIC argued that the Information, if disclosed, would be used by Mr William and
Joylicious Management to its detriment. In the alternative, RIC submitted that
if the General Ledgers are to be disclosed, commercially sensitive information
contained therein should be redacted.

68 Assuming that I accepted that the Information could be commercially
sensitive, I did not accept RIC’s arguments on how the Information, if
disclosed to H8 Holdings, would be against RIC’s interest.

69 First, it was RIC’s bare assertion that Mr William is in the business of
operating dormitories. Apart from a statement in its affidavit stating that Mr
Wiliam is in the business of operating dormitories, there was nothing to
suggest that Mr William was indeed in the business. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

2nd Affidavit of Leong Poh Choo at para 34.

RIC’s representative, Ms Leong Poh Choo (“Ms Leong”) also stated in her
affidavit that she believed that the shares that Mr Han holds in Joylicious
Management were held on trust or as a nominee for Mr William. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

2nd Affidavit of Leong Poh Choo at para 35.

However, apart from Ms Leong’s bare assertion, there was similarly no evidence
of any such arrangement.

70 Second, RIC referred to Joylicious Management which is not a party to the
present suit and would not be entitled to discovery of the General Ledgers in
this Application. In a desperate attempt to draw the link between H8 Holdings
and Joylicious Management, RIC said (in addition to Mr Han holding the shares
in Joylicious Management on trust or as a nominee for Mr William) that Mr Han
is related to Ms Han Jieling, a director and shareholder of H8 Holdings. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

2nd Affidavit of Leong Poh Choo at para 35.

H8 Holdings did not deny that Mr Han is Ms Han’s brother. However, just
because Mr Han and Ms Han are siblings did not necessarily mean that Mr Han
would be in possession of information that Ms Han received as H8 Holdings’
representative. There was no evidence before me that once Ms Han receives the
General Ledgers, she would pass them on to Mr Han who would then use the same
in furtherance of Joylicious Management’s business, causing RIC to suffer
prejudice.

71 Simply put, even if I accepted that the Information was commercially
sensitive, there was no evidence before me to show how the General Ledgers, if
disclosed, would cause prejudice to RIC. For that reason, I was of the view
that the General Ledgers should be disclosed to H8 Holdings without redaction.

72 For completeness, parties showed me a copy of the General Ledgers with
RIC’s proposed redactions at the hearing. H8 Holdings (in consultation with Mr
Mann) submitted that the redacted version was insufficient for the purposes of
the valuation as the information that remained unredacted was meaningless
without context from the redacted portions.

73 In this regard, I considered reviewing the unredacted version of the
General Ledgers to determine whether the information sought to be redacted was
commercially sensitive and/or if the scope of redaction could be limited such
that the redacted version of the General Ledgers would still be meaningful for
the valuation. I also considered whether a confidentiality ring could be set
up such that only certain individuals from H8 Holdings (such as H8 Holdings’
legal advisors and Mr Mann) could have access to the unredacted General
Ledgers. However, as I was not satisfied (for the reasons set out at [69] to
[71] above) that Joylicious Management, a company that is not even a party to
this suit, would have access to the information contained in the General
Ledgers and use the same to RIC’s detriment, I did not think it was necessary
for me to go further to either consider the scope and extent of redaction or
give directions for the formation of a confidentiality club

Conclusion

74 Having found that (a) the General Ledgers were relevant and necessary to
determining the issue of whether the 1,000,000 shares of RIC obtained by POP
Holdings on or around 26 June 2018 were obtained at an undervalue and (b)
there was no evidence that the Information in the General Ledgers, if
disclosed to H8 Holdings, would cause prejudice to RIC, I allowed the
Application and ordered that the General Ledgers be put into discovery and be
disclosed to H8 Holdings without redaction.

75 I also ordered costs of the Application fixed at S$6,500 (all inclusive) to
be paid by RIC to H8 Holdings.

Victor Choy  
Assistant Registrar  
---  
  
Walter Ferix Silvester (Silvester Legal LLC) for the plaintiff;

Chen Sixue (Sim Chong LLC) for the first defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 24 Jul 2023 (16:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

