Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 80

Suit No 275 of 2020

Between

| Liang Xihong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Loong Soo Min  
---|---  
(2)| Yangbum Engineering Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Suit No 345 of 2020

Between

| Loong Soo Min  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Liang Xihong  
---|---  
(2)| Zhang Shengqiang  
(3)| Ace Class Precision Engineering Pte Ltd  
(4)| Apex Precision Engineering Pte Ltd  
(5)| Qing Lian Precision Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies — Oppression]

[Trusts — Breach of trust]

[Trusts — Accessory liability — Acts amounting to assistance]

[Tort — Conspiracy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Liang Xihong

  
v

  

Loong Soo Min and another and another suit

[2023] SGHC 80

General Division of the High Court — Suit Nos 275 of 2020 and 345 of 2020  
Chua Lee Ming J  
28–30 June, 5–8, 12–14, 19–22 July, 14 September 2022

31 March 2023 Judgment reserved.

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 Ms Liang Xihong (“Sandy”) and Mr Loong Soo Min (“Sam”) were divorced in
2014. The divorce proceedings were concluded amicably with a consent order
being made for custody and access, payment of maintenance and division of
matrimonial assets.

2 The division of matrimonial assets in the divorce proceedings left Sandy’s
and Sam’s respective 50% shareholdings in a company known as Yangbum
Engineering Pte Ltd (“Yangbum”) intact. It also did not deal with Sandy’s
shares in three other companies: Ace Class Precision Engineering Pte Ltd (“Ace
Class”), Apex Precision Engineering Pte Ltd (“Apex Precision”) and Qing Lian
Precision Pte Ltd (“QL Precision”). In this judgment, I shall refer to these
three companies collectively as the “Three Companies”. The Three Companies
were subcontractors to Yangbum exclusively. Yangbum and the Three Companies
are the subject-matter of these proceedings.

3 HC/S 275 of 2020 (“S 275”) is Sandy’s claim against Sam and Yangbum. Sandy
seeks relief under s 216 of the Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CA”),
including an order that Sam buys her shares in Yangbum. Yangbum is largely a
nominal defendant in S 275.

4 HC/S 345 of 2020 (“S 345”) is Sam’s claim against Sandy, her current
husband, Mr Zhang Shengqiang (“Zhang”), and the Three Companies. Sam claims
that Sandy holds her shares in the Three Companies on trust for him and that
Sandy has acted in breach of trust. Sam also claims that Zhang dishonestly
assisted Sandy in her breaches of trust and that both Sandy and Zhang
conspired to injure him. Finally, Sam claims that Sandy wrongfully withdrew
S$188,000 from their joint account. The Three Companies are nominal defendants
in S 345.

5 S 275 and S 345 were heard together.

Background facts

6 Prior to 1992, Sam worked for two different companies that were involved in
precision metal machining and machine tools. In July 1992, Sam started a
partnership known as Yangbum Industrial Services (“YIS”) with another partner.
YIS’ core business was in precision metal machining component manufacturing.

7 Sandy was a Chinese national who had come to Singapore as a student in 1992.
In 1993, Sam met Sandy and started dating her. In September/October 1993,
Sandy returned to China. Sam continued to court her.

8 In May 1994, YIS was dissolved. On 21 June 1994, Sam registered a sole
proprietorship known as Yangbum Engineering (“YE”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1 Agreed Bundle (“AB”) 90–91.

YE was in the business of manufacturing fabricated metal products, excluding
machinery and equipment.

9 In June 1994, Sandy returned to Singapore on a social visit pass sponsored
by Sam and on 27 July 1994, Sam and Sandy were married. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

5 AB 106.

About three months later, Sandy became a Singapore permanent resident.

10 On 19 June 1997, Sam incorporated Yangbum, with Sandy and him as equal
shareholders, and directors. Yangbum obtained banking facilities from Focal
Finance Ltd and Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited and used these
facilities to purchase machines for production. Sam was the sole guarantor for
the banking facilities.

11 On 15 September 2005, Sandy resigned as a director of Yangbum. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1 AB 88.

Sam has been the sole director of Yangbum ever since. The reason for Sandy’s
resignation is in dispute.

12 In 2008, Sam incorporated four companies. Ace Class and Apex Precision were
incorporated on the same day. Ken Precision Pte Ltd (“Ken Precision”) was
incorporated some four weeks later, followed by QL Precision a little over two
months after that.

(a) Ace Class and Apex Precision were incorporated on 1 July 2008. Sandy was
and remains the sole shareholder in these companies. An employee of Yangbum,
Mr Tan Boon Hwa, was appointed as the sole director of Ace Class. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1 AB 78; Sandy’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), at para 159; Sam’s
AEIC at para 93a.

Another employee of Yangbum, Mr Hay Chiak Buang, was appointed as the sole
director of Apex Precision. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1 AB 81; Sandy’s AEIC, at para 159; Sam’s AEIC at para 93b.

(b) Ken Precision was incorporated on 28 July 2008, with Sandy’s brother, Mr
Liang Jian, as the sole shareholder and sole director.

(c) QL Precision was incorporated on 8 October 2008, with Sandy’s cousin, Ms
Liang Qing Lian (“LQL”), as the sole shareholder. Sandy and LQL were appointed
as directors of QL Precision.

All four companies acted as subcontractors to Yangbum. The circumstances
leading to the incorporation of these companies are in dispute.

13 On 5 October 2009, LQL resigned as director of QL Precision and transferred
her shares in the company to Sandy. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1 AB 67 and 71–72.

An employee of Yangbum, Mr Toh Thian Hock (“Clarence Toh”), replaced LQL as
director of QL Precision. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1 AB 69.

14 In July 2009, Sandy brought the children to Beijing and enrolled them in an
international school. Whilst in China, Sandy met Zhang (a traditional Chinese
medicine practitioner) in late 2009 when she went to see him for treatment. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE, 5 July 2022, at 28:23–25.

15 On 9 November 2009, Sandy ceased to be a director of QL Precision, leaving
Clarence Toh as the sole director. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1 AB 88.

16 On 7 January 2010, Art 87 of Yangbum’s Articles of Association was amended
to authorise a sole director to sign cheques (among other things). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

4 AB 454 and 461.

Before the amendment, Art 87 required the signatures of two directors.

17 On 19 February 2010, one Ms Ooi Tin (“Ooi”) was appointed as a second
director of Ken Precision, the other director being Liang Jian (see [12(b)]
above). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 93c(ii).

18 Sandy returned to Singapore in 2013. After her return, Sandy was sick and
Zhang visited her in Singapore frequently to take care of her and also because
one of her two sons had “some form of [attention-deficit hyperactivity
disorder]”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE, 8 July 2022, at 20:6–10.

19 Sandy and Zhang started having an affair in 2013 although it is not clear
when exactly the affair started. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE, 5 July 2022, at 29:1–8; 7 July 2022, at 56:9–12.

In late 2013, Sandy asked Sam for a divorce. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE, 5 July 2022, at 26:21–22.

20 On 3 April 2014, Sam and Sandy entered into a Deed of Settlement relating
to their divorce, division of assets and maintenance. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

5 AB 101–103.

With respect to the division of matrimonial assets, Sam agreed (a) to pay
Sandy S$9.3m as her share of the matrimonial assets, (b) that they would
retain their respective shareholdings in Yangbum, (c) that they would retain
their respective shares in a company called “Walton”, and (d) that Sandy could
retain all assets in her name that were held in China. Sandy acknowledged that
she had received S$1.9m as at the date of the Deed of Settlement. The Deed of
Settlement did not deal with the shares in the Three Companies and Ken
Precision.

21 On 15 May 2014, Sandy commenced divorce proceedings against Sam in FC/D
2222 of 2014 (“D 2222”) on the ground of unreasonable behaviour (as agreed in
the Deed of Settlement). The Statement of Particulars cited constant quarrels
caused by Sam’s behaviour in neglecting Sandy and stated that Sam was mostly
absorbed in his work, returned home late, kept to himself and ignored her.

22 On 10 July 2014, interim judgment was entered in D 2222 (the “IJ”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

5 AB 104–105.

Paragraph 3 of the IJ set out the orders made by consent, which were mostly in
line with the terms of the Deed of Settlement. With respect to Sam’s
obligation to pay Sandy S$9.3m, the IJ acknowledged that S$3.7m “has already
been paid” and the balance sum of S$5.6m will be paid within two years from 3
April 2014.

23 Like the Deed of Settlement, the IJ did not deal with the shares in the
Three Companies and Ken Precision. The decision to leave the shareholdings in
Yangbum intact and the omission to deal with the shares in the Three Companies
and Ken Precision became the seeds from which the present disputes sprouted.

24 On 28 October 2014, the IJ was made final. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

5 AB 107.

Sandy denied that she asked Sam for a divorce because she was having an affair
with Zhang and wanted to marry him. However, the fact remains that she married
Zhang on 1 April 2015, some five months after the IJ was made final.

25 On 7 December 2016, Sam incorporated two more companies – TL Precision Pte
Ltd (“TL Precision”) and SH Precision Pte Ltd (“SH Precision”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 119.

TL Precision was named after Mr Lim Thiam Leong who was appointed as the sole
director whilst SH Precision was named after Mr Tan Soo Huat who was also
appointed as the sole director; both were employees of Yangbum. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 120.

Both companies also acted as subcontractors to Yangbum. Sandy was the sole
shareholder in both companies. Sandy does not claim beneficial ownership of
the shares in TL Precision and SH Precision.

26 On 14 April 2018, Sandy sent a text message to Sam requesting a loan of
S$1m from Yangbum to purchase a property. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1 AB 294.

Sam procured Yangbum and Ken Precision to make loans of S$800,000 (the
“Yangbum Loan”) and S$200,000 (the “Ken Precision Loan”) respectively to
Sandy; both loans were disbursed on 7 May 2018. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

4 AB 416–418.

27 On 31 October 2018, Sandy asked Sam to have the shares in “the few small
companies held in [her] name” transferred to another shareholder;
alternatively, Sandy suggested closing them down. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

2 AB 24.

At this time, Sandy was the sole shareholder of the Three Companies, TL
Precision and SH Precision. Sandy also asked Sam to “close [Ken Precision]
first”; Liang Jian was still the sole shareholder of Ken Precision. Sam did
not object to Sandy’s requests. The reasons for Sandy’s requests are in
dispute.

28 On the same day, 31 October 2018, Liang Jian transferred his shares in Ken
Precision to Sam. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 163(a) and pp 499–500.

Liang Jian also resigned as director, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 93c(iii) and pp 502 and 504.

leaving Ooi (see [17] above) as the remaining sole director.

29 On 1 November 2018, Sandy transferred her shares in TL Precision and SH
Precision to Sam. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 163(b).

That left Sandy holding the shares in the Three Companies. The shares in the
Three Companies were not transferred because these companies would lose
certain benefits that they had under the Productivity and Innovation Credit
Scheme (“PIC Scheme”) in the event of a transfer of more than 50% of the share
capital. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Sam’s AEIC, at paras 164–166.

30 Between 20 February and 13 March 2019, Sandy corresponded with Mr Lai Fatt
(“Lai”), who was in charge of managing Yangbum’s store. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Sam’s AEIC, at paras 189–190.

Sandy wanted to retrieve financial and accounting records of Yangbum, the
Three Companies and Ken Precision.

31 On 19 March 2019, Lai sent Sandy a photo of 11 boxes of documents. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 191; 1 AB 427.

On 21 March 2019, Sandy informed one of Yangbum’s finance staff, Ms Yang
Xiaoman (“Xiaoman”), that she had collected “3 files”.

32 On 22 March 2019 (which was a Friday), Sandy went to Yangbum’s store to
take documents belonging to Yangbum, the Three Companies and Ken Precision. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 193.

Xiaoman informed Sam that Sandy was removing documents from Yangbum. On
Monday, 25 March 2019, Sam told Xiaoman that documents should not be removed
from Yangbum’s premises. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 195 and p 674 (2 AB 48).

Sandy was asked to return the boxes of documents taken by her and she did so
between 26 and 27 March 2019. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 196.

33 Before October 2019, the mandates for the bank accounts operated by
Yangbum, the Three Companies, Ken Precision, TL Precision and SH Precision
were not consistent. Sandy was not an authorised signatory for all the
accounts and where she was an authorised signatory, the threshold levels
beyond which her signature would be required were also not consistent. Between
mid-October 2019 and January 2020, changes were made to the mandates at
Sandy’s request. The effect of the changes was that Sandy became an authorised
signatory for all the accounts and her signature/approval was required for all
transactions involving S$20,000 or more (in the currency of each of the
accounts).

34 In November 2019, Sandy sought advice from her tarot master on the strategy
for the legal campaign that she was about to commence against Sam; her
objective was to sell her shares in Yangbum or force Sam to buy her out at
between S$25m and S$35m. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 15:6–10 and 16:13–18.

35 In 2020, both Sandy and Sam began firing salvoes at each other, which
escalated and led inevitably to the present proceedings.

36 On 24 February 2020, Sandy withdrew S$188,000 (the “S$188,000 Withdrawal”)
from a joint account with Overseas-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited in the
names of Sam and herself (the “OCBC Joint Account”), leaving a balance of just
a little over S$550. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

5 AB 313.

37 On the same day, Sandy filed FC/SUM 550/2020 (“FC/SUM 550”) in D 2222 in
which she sought to vary para 3(d)(1) of the IJ. Paragraph 3(d)(1) of the IJ
stated that her share of the matrimonial assets was S$9.3m and that S$3.7m had
been paid to her. Sandy sought to vary para 3(d)(1) to state that only S$1.9m
had been paid to her and that a balance amount of S$7.4m was to be paid to her
within the period of two years from 3 April 2014. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

3 Bundle of Cause Papers (“BCP”) 644–645.

Sandy claimed that she made a fundamental mistake when she agreed to the terms
of the IJ and that she had only received S$1.9m and not S$3.7m as recorded in
the IJ. As will be seen later, eventually, no order was made on FC/SUM 550;
instead, the whole of para 3 of the IJ (which comprised the consent orders on
division of matrimonial assets and maintenance) was set aside on Sam’s
application.

38 On 25 February 2020, on Sam’s instructions, Yangbum’s accounts executive,
Ms Long Soo Hsien (“Soo Hsien”), prepared the following cheques and payment
vouchers:

(a) UOB 136068 for S$1m payable to Sam; the corresponding payment voucher
described this as dividends payable to Sam; 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

3 AB 604.

(b) UOB 136069 for S$500,000 payable to Sam; the corresponding payment voucher
described this as dividends payable to Sam; 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

3 AB 606.

(c) UOB 136071 for S$476,000 payable to Sam; the corresponding payment voucher
described this as dividends payable to Sam; 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

3 AB 608.

and

(d) a payment voucher which stated that dividends of S$1m and S$188,000 were
payable to Sandy but were to be set-off against the loans from Yangbum and Ken
Precision and the S$188,000 Withdrawal. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

3 AB 639.

Sam signed the cheques and payment vouchers.

39 On the same day (25 February 2020), Sandy issued a Statutory Demand against
Sam for purported non-payment of the sum of S$5.6m under the IJ plus interest.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

3 BCP 181–184.

Sam subsequently succeeded in setting aside the Statutory Demand on the ground
that the debt was disputed on substantial grounds. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

3 BCP 603–617; Sam’s AEIC, at paras 233–234.

40 On 26 February 2020, Soo Hsien asked Sandy to go to Yangbum’s office to
sign the cheques and payment vouchers relating to the dividends and set-offs
mentioned in [38] above. On Sandy’s request, Soo Hsien sent copies of the
cheques and payment vouchers to Sandy. Sandy refused to sign the cheques or to
acknowledge the proposed set-offs. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 117.

41 Between 27 February and 8 March 2020, Sam (as the sole director of Yangbum)
removed Sandy as an alternate or joint signatory to Yangbum’s bank accounts.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Sam’s AEIC, at pp 874–900.

42 On 2 March 2020, Sandy filed MSS 719/2020 (“MSS 719”) to enforce payment of
S$1,693,276 being alleged arrears of maintenance for the children under the
IJ. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

4 AB 322.

MSS 719 was subsequently struck off. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

4 BCP 225–246 (at para 11c at p 227).

43 On the same day (2 March 2020), Sandy’s lawyers issued letters to UOB,
CIMB, SCB and OCBC alleging that Sam had forged Sandy’s signatures on cheques
drawn on Yangbum’s accounts with the banks, and that Sam may have diverted
dividends (issued to Sandy) to himself or caused Yangbum’s records to be
falsified to create the impression that the dividends were paid to Sandy. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

4 AB 134–141.

44 On 12 March 2020, Sandy appointed Zhang and herself as directors of the
Three Companies. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

1 AB 78, 81–82, 84.

It is not disputed that this was done without the knowledge of Sam or the
other directors of the companies.

45 On 18 March 2020, Sandy turned up at Yangbum’s office, accompanied by four
men, and demanded the financial records of the Three Companies. Sam told her
that she was not entitled to the documents and asked her to leave. Sandy and
the men left without the documents.

46 On 20 March 2020, Sandy issued notices of directors’ meetings of the Three
Companies to be held on 27 March 2020 to (among other things) convene
Extraordinary General Meetings (“EGMs”) for each of the companies for the
purpose of passing special resolutions to wind up the companies. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at pp 725–727.

47 On 25 March 2020, Sandy commenced S 275.

48 On 27 March 2020, the directors’ meetings of the Three Companies were held
with Sandy and Zhang in attendance; the resolutions to convene EGMs to wind up
the companies were passed. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at pp 728–736.

49 On 30 March 2020, the EGMs of the Three Companies were held (with Sandy
consenting to the holding of the EGMs without full notice) and the requisite
resolutions to wind up the companies were passed. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at pp 741–769.

50 On 13 April 2020, Sam commenced S 345.

51 On 2 June 2020, Yangbum demanded repayment of the Yangbum Loan and Ken
Precision demanded repayment of the Ken Precision Loan. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

4 AB 420 and 423.

Sandy did not make any repayment.

52 On 26 June 2020, Yangbum commenced HC/S 567/2020 (“S 567”) against Sandy
for repayment of the Yangbum Loan. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

3 BCP 6–11.

On the same day, Ken Precision commenced DC/DC 1500/2020 (“DC 1500”) against
Sandy for repayment of the Ken Precision Loan. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

4 BCP 293–294.

53 In S 567, Sandy’s defence pleaded that in mid-April 2018, Sam and Sandy
agreed that she would repay the Yangbum Loan by applying a portion of her
share of future shareholder dividends disbursed to her until the loan was
fully repaid (the “Repayment Agreement”). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

3 BCP 14 (subpara (d)).

54 On 30 June 2020, Sam filed FC/SUM 1731/2020 (amended on 24 May 2021)
(“FC/SUM 1731”) in D 2222, seeking, among other things, to set aside the
entire para 3 of the IJ. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

4 BCP 5–6.

55 On 22 July 2020, Sandy repaid the Ken Precision Loan. She also paid legal
costs to Ken Precision and on 30 July 2020 Ken Precision discontinued DC 1500.
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

4 BCP 296.

56 On 17 September 2020, Yangbum applied for summary judgment in respect of
the Yangbum Loan in S 567. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 272.

On 10 November 2020, the Assistant Registrar granted Yangbum’s application and
entered judgment against Sandy (the “O 14 Judgment”). On 8 January 2021, the
High Court dismissed Sandy’s appeal against the O 14 Judgment. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

3 BCP 173–179.

On 16 February 2021, Sandy paid the Yangbum Loan.

57 On 3 December 2021, the Family Court: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

4 BCP 260–280.

(a) set aside para 3 of the IJ in its entirety on the grounds that Sandy had
failed to disclose a material fact to Sam; and

(b) made no orders on FC/SUM 550 since it was predicated upon the continued
existence of para 3 of the IJ.

Sandy has appealed against the decision and the appeal is pending. For present
purposes, the Family Court’s reasons for setting aside para 3 of the IJ are
not relevant.

Parties’ cases in S 275

58 In her closing submissions, Sandy alleges that Sam engaged in the following
acts of oppression and/or unfair discrimination and/or unfair prejudice:

(a) Sam diverted to himself dividends issued by Yangbum to her by way of eight
cheques amounting to a total of US$922,052.47, and falsified Yangbum’s payment
vouchers to create the impression that the dividends were paid to Sandy.

(b) Sam forged her signature on at least 49 cheques issued by Yangbum to
various payees; the total amount of these cheques was S$3,044,863.80.

(c) Sam caused Yangbum to attempt to issue more dividends to himself than to
her in 2020 and to apply improper set-offs against her declared dividends.

(d) Sam removed her as a joint signatory of Yangbum’s bank accounts in breach
of her legitimate expectations as a quasi-partner.

59 Sam’s case is as follows:

(a) He did not divert Sandy’s dividends to himself. Sandy’s dividends in seven
of the cheques were deposited into their OCBC Joint Account, which Sandy had
access to. The eighth cheque was payment towards Sam’s agreed fees for
management and expenses (“M&E Fees”).

(b) He is unable to recall whether he signed all of the 49 cheques on Sandy’s
behalf and thus does not admit to having done so. In any event, Sandy had
agreed that Sam could sign cheques on her behalf after she moved to China with
the children (the “Cheque Signing Agreement”).

(c) There was no attempt to issue unequal dividends. The difference between
the amounts to be paid to Sam and Sandy reflected (i) sums that were payable
to Sam as his M&E Fees and (ii) a sum equal to the S$188,000 Withdrawal. In
addition, the proposed set-offs were proper.

(d) Yangbum is not a quasi-partnership and Sandy has no legitimate expectation
to have joint oversight of the use of Yangbum’s funds.

Parties’ cases in S 345

60 In his closing submissions, Sam states his case as follows:

(a) Sandy held the shares in the Three Companies on trust for him.

(b) Sandy acted in breach of trust by:

(i) appointing Zhang and herself as directors of the Three Companies on 12
March 2020 without Sam’s consent;

(ii) calling for directors’ meetings of the Three Companies via notices issued
on 19 and 20 March 2020 without Sam’s consent;

(iii) passing directors’ resolutions at the directors’ meetings of the Three
Companies without Sam’s consent; and

(iv) passing special resolutions at the EGMs of the Three Companies on 30
March 2020 to put them into member’s voluntary liquidation without Sam’s
consent.

(c) Zhang dishonestly assisted Sandy in her breaches of trust.

(d) Sandy and Zhang conspired to injure Sam by liquidating the Three
Companies. These acts constituted breaches of trust by Sandy and were
therefore unlawful. Alternatively, they were carried out with the predominant
purpose to cause harm to Sam as the beneficial owner of the Three Companies.

(e) The S$188,000 Withdrawal was in breach of the IJ.

61 Sandy’s case is as follows:

(a) She owned the shares in the Three Companies absolutely.

(b) Even if she held the shares on trust for Sam, the trusts are illegal or
tainted with illegality and hence unenforceable.

(c) Even if Sandy had committed breaches of trust, there was no dishonest
assistance by Zhang.

(d) Even if the liquidations of the Three Companies were unlawful, Sandy and
Zhang did not act in concert. There was also no intention to injure. In any
event, there is no evidence of loss.

(e) The S$188,000 Withdrawal was not in breach of the IJ because Sam had not
paid Sandy the sum of S$9.3m as required under the IJ. Further, para 3 of the
IJ has been set aside and Sandy’s appeal is pending.

The issues

62 The issues before me are as follows:

S 275

(a) Whether Sam diverted Sandy’s dividends amounting to US$922,052.47 to
himself and falsified Yangbum’s payment vouchers to create the impression that
the dividends were paid to Sandy?

(b) Whether Sam forged Sandy’s signatures on at least 49 cheques issued by
Yangbum to various payees in the total sum of S$3,044,863.80?

(c) Whether Sam caused Yangbum to attempt to issue disproportionate dividends
in 2020 and to apply improper set-offs against Sandy’s declared dividends?

(d) Whether Yangbum is a quasi-partnership and whether Sam’s removal of Sandy
as a joint signatory of Yangbum’s bank accounts was in breach of her
legitimate expectations as a quasi-partner?

(e) Whether Sandy is entitled to relief under s 216 CA?

S 345

(f) Whether Sandy holds the shares in the Three Companies on trust for Sam?

(g) Whether Sandy’s actions leading to the liquidation of the Three Companies
were in breach of trust?

(h) Whether Zhang dishonestly assisted Sandy in her breaches of trust?

(i) Whether Sandy and Zhang conspired to injure Sam by liquidating the Three
Companies?

(j) Whether the S$188,000 Withdrawal was wrongful?

Whether Sam diverted Sandy’s dividends to himself and falsified Yangbum’s
payment vouchers

63 Between August 2014 and March 2018, Yangbum issued the following eight
cheques:

S/N| Date| Cheque No| Amount in US$  
---|---|---|---  
1| 4 August 2014| SCB 817128 59

##### Foot Note 59

× 3 AB 566. | 200,000.00  
2| 30 October 2014| SCB 817148 60

##### Foot Note 60

× 3 AB 568. | 196,475.00  
3| 22 January 2015| SCB 817165 61

##### Foot Note 61

× 3 AB 570. | 187,400.00  
4| 21 April 2015| SCB 817186 62

##### Foot Note 62

× 3 AB 574. | 148,148.00  
5| 30 June 2015| SCB 933653 63

##### Foot Note 63

× 3 AB 576. | 150,000.00  
6| 2 September 2015| SCB 933667 64

##### Foot Note 64

× 3 AB 582. | 141,844.00  
7| 21 December 2015| SCB 933682 65

##### Foot Note 65

× 3 AB 584. | 212,525.00  
8| 7 March 2018| SCB 022668 66

##### Foot Note 66

× 3 AB 602. | 303,856.47  
  
64 The sum of US$922,052.47, which Sandy claims Sam diverted to himself,
comprises the following:

(a) US$618,196 being Sandy’s half share of the total amount of the first seven
cheques; and

(b) US$303,856.47 being the amount of the eighth cheque.

The first seven cheques

65 It is not disputed that the first seven cheques were drawn payable to Sam
and signed by Sam. The authorised signatories then were Sam and Sandy; either
one was authorised to sign cheques without any limit.

66 It is also not disputed that the seven cheques were payments of dividends
(in the total amount of US$1,236,392.00) to Sam and Sandy. This is also
supported by the payment vouchers in respect of these cheques. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

3 AB 567, 569, 571, 575, 577, 583 and 585; 4 AB 474 and 479.

67 Sandy claims that she did not receive her half-share (US$618,196) of the
dividends. Consequently, she claims that (a) Sam diverted her share of the
dividends to himself, and (b) Sam falsified Yangbum’s payment vouchers to
create the impression that her share of the dividends had been paid to her.

68 Sam’s case is that:

(a) There was no wrongful diversion of Sandy’s share of the dividends because
Sandy had received the benefit of the dividends. The moneys from the seven
cheques were deposited into the OCBC Joint Account and Sandy knew this. It is
not disputed that Sandy had unrestricted access to the OCBC Joint Account.

(b) It follows that he did not falsify the payment vouchers.

Whether the seven cheques were deposited into the OCBC Joint Account

69 Sandy’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) is silent as to whether she
accepts that the proceeds of the first seven cheques had been deposited into
the OCBC Joint Account. However, the evidence is clear that that the proceeds
of the seven cheques were deposited into the OCBC Joint Account. The OCBC
Joint Account statements show deposits by way of transfers from Sam which
correspond to the seven cheques. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

5 AB 222, 235, 252, 270, 284, 295, 312.

The cheques, which were in US dollars and drawn payable to Sam, were paid into
a US dollar joint account in Sam’s and Sandy’s names (the specific account
depending on the exchange rates offered) after which Sam deposited (by way of
transfers) the equivalent amounts in Singapore dollars into the OCBC Joint
Account. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE, 13 July 2022, at 24:6–25:1; 30:19–25; 32:15–33:22 and 39:7–21.

70 Under cross-examination, Sandy accepted that the moneys from the first to
seventh cheques were deposited into the OCBC Joint Account. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE, 28 June 2022, at 96:12–98:20, 98:23–99:21, 100:6–101:3, 101:4–102:1,
102:2–103:5 and 103:6–24; NE, 30 June 2022, at 1:13–20.

Whether Sandy knew that the seven deposits were payments of dividends

71 It is not disputed that Sandy received the monthly bank statements for the
OCBC Joint Account. It is also not disputed that she was aware of the seven
deposits into the account. However, she claims that she did not know that the
amounts deposited were payments of dividends. According to her, after her
divorce from Sam, dividends were to be paid to her directly instead of being
paid into the OCBC Joint Account. Sandy claims that she therefore thought that
the amounts deposited into the OCBC Joint Account were not dividends but
payments by Sam for maintenance for her and the children.

72 In my view, whether Sandy knew that the amounts deposited into the OCBC
Joint Account were dividends, or whether she truly thought that they were
payments for maintenance, is in fact irrelevant. It does not change the fact
that her share of the dividends was deposited into the OCBC Joint Account. It
is also not disputed that she had unrestricted access to the moneys in the
OCBC Joint Account. In the circumstances, Sam cannot be said to have diverted
Sandy’s share of the dividends to himself. It follows that Sam also did not
falsify Yangbum’s payment vouchers with respect to the payments to Sandy of
her share of the dividends.

73 I also note that based on Sandy’s own evidence, she would have used her
share of the seven deposits into the OCBC Joint Account. Sandy testified that
she took care to use only the portion of the funds in the OCBC Joint Account
that was intended for maintenance. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 89.

This would mean that she had used her share of the seven deposits since,
according to her, she thought that the seven deposits were payments by Sam for
maintenance.

74 In any event, I find that Sandy did know about the payment of dividends by
way of the seven cheques and that the dividends were deposited into the OCBC
Joint Account.

75 First, it is not disputed that Yangbum’s finance staff kept a journal that
recorded dividends paid to Sam and Sandy (the “Dividends Journal”). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE, 28 June 2022, at 80:9–18.

Sandy had signed against the entries relating to the second to sixth cheques
in the Dividends Journal on the same day as the date of the entries or a day
later. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

4 AB 474.

76 Sandy did not sign against the entry relating to the first cheque in the
Dividends Journal. However, I find it inconceivable that she was not aware of
the same. The entry was just above the entry relating to the second cheque;
she could not have failed to notice it. Further, two members of Yangbum’s
finance team at the material time, Xiaoman and Ms Chin Shuling (“Shuling”),
testified that they would inform Sandy whenever a dividend was being issued.
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Xiaoman’s AEIC, at para 30(a); Shuling’s AEIC, at para 28(a).

Xiaoman also testified that Sandy would always flip through the Dividends
Journal to look at the records of past dividend payments. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Xiaoman’s AEIC, at para 30(f).

Shuling testified that Sandy would always look at the payment vouchers and
flip through the Dividends Journal but would generally not bother signing
these documents to acknowledge her receipt. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Shuling’s AEIC, at para 28(g).

Xiaoman and Shuling were objective witnesses; they were no longer working for
Yangbum when they gave evidence. I find no reason to disbelieve their
testimonies.

77 Sandy also did not sign the entry relating to the seventh cheque.
Nevertheless, I find that on the totality of the evidence (including the
evidence of Xiaoman and Shuling), it is more probable than not that she knew
that the corresponding deposit of S$300,000 into the OCBC Joint Account on 6
January 2016 was payment of dividends for Sam and herself.

78 By the time she received the relevant bank statements, Sandy was clearly
aware that the seven cheques had been issued as payments of dividends to Sam
and herself. There was no reason for her to think that the corresponding
amounts deposited into the OCBC Joint Accounts were anything other than the
payments of dividends.

79 Second, as Sam points out, the first time that Sandy raised these issues
was in S 275, which she commenced on 23 March 2020. Sandy’s case is that she
discovered the diversion of dividends in 2017. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) in Suit 275 (“S 275 SOC”), at para 22.

Even so, that does not explain why she did not raise these issues until March
2020.

80 In any event, in my view, Sandy’s alleged discovery of the diversion of
dividends in November 2017 is a fabrication. Sandy’s evidence about her
alleged discovery was both internally and externally inconsistent.

(a) In her oral evidence, Sandy confirmed that she discovered the diversion of
dividends in November 2017. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE, 28 June 2022, at 114:1–8.

However, in her AEIC, Sandy said that in March 2018, Xiaoman requested her to
review Yangbum’s accounting records to investigate suspected misappropriation
of funds by three Yangbum employees, and it was upon reviewing these records
that she discovered the diversion of dividends by Sam. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at paras 70–71.

When questioned about the inconsistency as to the date that she discovered the
alleged diversion of dividends, Sandy explained that the relevant paragraphs
in her AEIC were referring to two different issues and were unconnected. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE, 28 June 2022, at 122:19–25 and 126:16–20.

I do not accept Sandy’s explanation. Her AEIC is patently clear: she claimed
to have discovered the diversion of dividends in March 2018.

(b) Sandy also testified that the “accounting records” that she reviewed in
November 2017 was a table prepared by Shuling showing the dividends paid to
Sam and Sandy between April 2013 and June 2017 (the “November 2017 Dividends
Table”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE, 28 June 2022, at 114:1–13, 115:13–19 and 124:22–125:2; 1 AB 312.

However, the November 2017 Dividends Table has nothing to do with the alleged
misappropriation of funds that Xiaoman allegedly requested Sandy to
investigate.

(c) Xiaoman denied having requested Sandy in March 2018 to review the accounts
to investigate suspected misappropriation of funds by three employees. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Xiaoman’s AEIC, at para 66(b).

Xiaoman testified that in 2018 she had merely shared an incident regarding
high tooling costs, which Sam had resolved. Xiaoman further testified that it
was Sandy who, in March 2019, spread an untrue rumour that Xiaoman believed
three important Yangbum employees were guilty of corruption. Xiaoman’s
evidence was not challenged. I also have no reason to disbelieve her evidence.

(d) Sandy confirmed that she checked the payment of dividends in the November
2017 Dividends Table against her personal bank statements but not against the
OCBC Joint Account. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE, 28 June 2022, at 115:20–116:6.

She claimed that she did not check against the OCBC Joint Account because the
moneys in that account were for the children’s university education, and she
had “enough money for daily use”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE, 28 June 2022, at 116:8–14.

Sandy’s explanations were non-responsive. In my view, even if Sandy did not
check against the OCBC Joint Account, the inference to be drawn from Sandy’s
inability to explain why she did not do so is that she knew that the dividends
had been paid into the OCBC Joint Account and that her alleged discovery of
the diversion in 2017 is a fabrication.

81 Third, I agree with Sam that Sandy’s conduct showed that she knew about the
payment of the dividends into the OCBC Joint Account at all material times. On
6 March 2018, Sandy told Sam that there was a discrepancy between the November
2017 Dividends Table and the Deed of Settlement. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

1 AB 259 (at 4.35pm); NE, 28 June 2022, at 132:13–18.

Sandy also suggested clearing up the matter before distributing the dividends
for 2018. Despite having allegedly discovered the diversion of dividends in
November 2017, Sandy said nothing about the alleged diversion. Instead, the
next day, Sandy signed the eighth cheque (see [63] above); according to Sandy,
she signed the cheque without knowing the purpose of the payment. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 72.

Separately, on 14 April 2018, Sandy asked Sam for Yangbum to lend her S$1m. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

1 AB 294.

Although she needed money, she did not ask for payment of the dividends
allegedly diverted by Sam and again made no mention of the same.

82 Fourth, it is unbelievable that Sandy could have thought that the amounts
deposited in 2015 were for maintenance. Under the IJ, Sam was to pay S$500,000
a year as maintenance for Sandy and the children. The total amount deposited
into the OCBC Joint Account in 2015 (from the third to sixth cheques) was
S$850,000, which is S$350,000 more than what Sam had to pay as maintenance.

83 Fifth, Sandy does not dispute that she had an arrangement with Sam whereby
dividends issued by Yangbum to them would be paid to Sam to be deposited into
one of their joint accounts. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 92.

However, she alleges that she did not think that the seven deposits into the
OCBC Joint Account were payments of dividends because the arrangement had
ended and her share of dividends were to be paid to her directly. Sandy
alleges that the arrangement ended when her divorce became final on 30 October
2014. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 92; NE, 28 June 2022, at 92:11–18.

84 Sandy’s allegation that she did not think that the seven deposits were
payment of dividends because the arrangement of paying dividends into the OCBC
Joint Account ended on 30 October 2014 cannot be true.

(a) It is inconsistent with her own evidence that she did not think about what
the purpose of the deposit from the first cheque was. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE, 28 June 2022, at 94:6–9.

Further, the amount from the first cheque was deposited into the OCBC Joint
Account on 6 August 2014, well before the arrangement allegedly ended. There
was no reason for her to doubt that that deposit was a payment of dividends.

(b) Her claim that the arrangement ended on 30 October 2014 is contradicted by
Sam’s evidence that the arrangement stopped after December 2015 because Sandy
asked the finance team not to pay dividends into the joint account. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE, 13 July 2022, at 31:23–32:9.

Sam’s evidence was not challenged. It is not disputed that after 2015,
dividends were paid to Sam and Sandy individually.

85 In any event, even if the arrangement of paying dividends into the OCBC
Joint Account ended on 30 October 2014 (as Sandy alleges), it does not change
the fact that the monies from the seven cheques were deposited into the
account, and that Sandy knew this.

Conclusion on the first seven cheques

86 I find that Sandy knew at all material times that the first seven cheques
were payments of dividends to Sam and herself and that the Singapore dollar
equivalents of the seven cheques were deposited into the OCBC Joint Account.
She also had unrestricted access to the moneys in the OCBC Joint Account.
Indeed, it appears that she had access to even Sam’s share of the dividends
deposited into the OCBC Joint Account.

87 Accordingly, I find that Sam did not divert Sandy’s share of the dividends
(paid by way of the seven cheques) to himself. It follows as well that Sam did
not falsify the payment vouchers or cause the payment vouchers to be
falsified. In my judgment, Sandy’s allegations of diversion of dividends and
falsification of payment vouchers were fabrications.

The eighth cheque

88 Sandy claims that Sam diverted the eighth cheque to himself because the
cheque was drawn payable to Sam but the payment voucher for the cheque
described the payment of US$303,856.47 as dividends payable to Sandy. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at paras 71 (s/n 8) and 95; 1 AB 385.

It is not disputed that Sandy did not receive any part of this amount. Sandy
also claims that she discovered this diversion by Sam at the same time that
she discovered the diversions relating to the seven cheques discussed above.
93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at paras 70–71.

89 The circumstances leading to the issuance of the eighth cheque are as
follows. At an EGM held on 7 March 2018, Yangbum declared US$2.8m as dividends
for FY 2017. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

1 AB 390.

The dividends were paid by way of four cheques, all dated 7 March 2017:

(a) Two cheques, SCB 002665 and SCB 002666, were drawn for the same amount of
US$759,631.32 each; the cheques were drawn payable to Sandy and Sam
respectively and the corresponding payment vouchers state that the cheques
were for dividends payable to Sandy and Sam respectively. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

1 AB 387 and 384.

(b) Two cheques, SCB 002668 and SCB 002669, were drawn for the same amount of
US$303,856.47 each; both cheques were drawn payable to Sam but the
corresponding payment vouchers state that the cheques were for dividends
payable to Sandy and Sam respectively. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

1 AB 385 and 386.

All four cheques were signed by Sam and Sandy. It should also be noted that
three of the four payment vouchers are dated “7 March 2017”; the fourth
payment voucher is dated “7 March 2018”. However, it is not disputed that the
references to “2017” were in error and should refer to “2018”.

90 The eighth cheque, which Sandy claims was diverted by Sam, refers to SCB
022668 (see [89(b)] above). 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

S 275 SOC, at para 22 read with Annex A.

Sandy’s AEIC does not set out the circumstances leading to the issuance of the
eighth cheque. She claims that she signed the eighth cheque at Sam’s request
without knowing the purpose of the payment. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 72.

In her closing submissions, Sandy submits that she did not agree that Sam
could pay his M&E Fees by way of dividends. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Sandy’s Closing Submissions, at para 28.

91 Sam’s case is that:

(a) the two cheques (SCB 002668 and SCB 002669) for US$303,856.47 each were
payments of his M&E Fees; and

(b) Sandy agreed to the arrangement of paying his M&E Fees by way of dividends
issued to both of them.

92 I find that Sam has proved his case.

93 First, I find that the two cheques (SCB 002668 and SCB 002669) were used to
pay Sam’s M&E Fees. The entries in the Dividends Journal confirm that of the
four cheques issued on 7 March 2018: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

4 AB 485.

(a) two cheques (SCB 022665 and SCB 022666) for US$759,631.32 each were
payments of dividends to Sandy and Sam respectively; and

(b) the other two cheques (SCB 022668 and SCB 022669) for US$303,856.47 each
were paid to Sam as his M&E Fees.

94 Sam’s case is also consistent with the payment vouchers, which show that
the Singapore dollar equivalent for each cheque was S$400,000. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

1 AB 385 and 386.

It is not disputed that as part of their divorce settlement, Sandy agreed that
Sam was entitled to payment of S$800,000 per year as his M&E Fees; this
comprised a management fee of S$500,000 and entertainment expenses of
S$300,000. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Reply to 1st Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 1) in Suit 275 (“S 275 Reply”),
at para 21(a) and (b); Sandy’s AEIC, at para 154.

95 Second, I find that Sandy knew that the two cheques (SCB 022668 and SCB
022669) were paid to Sam as his M&E Fees and that she had accepted and agreed
to the arrangement of using dividends to pay Sam’s M&E Fees. Sandy’s claim
that she did not know the purpose of the eighth cheque (SCB 022668) is simply
unbelievable. She signed against the entries in the Dividends Journal for all
four cheques that were issued on 7 March 2018. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

4 AB 485.

96 Quite apart from the Dividends Journal, Sandy had to have known that the
eighth cheque was one of the four cheques issued pursuant to the declaration
of dividends at the EGM on 7 March 2018. Sandy was present at the EGM. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

1 AB 389.

She also signed all the four cheques all of which were also dated 7 March
2018.

97 Under cross-examination, Sandy explained that the two cheques for
US$303,856.47 each were not signed at the same time and that she could not
recall the specific times. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 28 June 2022, at 137:8–9; NE, 29 June 2022, at 2:12–22.

When questioned further, Sandy also claimed that all four cheques were signed
separately. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE, 28 June 2022, at 138:23–139:7; NE, 29 June 2022, at 4:3–10.

She claimed that she could not remember the sequence in which the cheques were
signed except that Shuling brought the second cheque for US$303,856.47 to her
house for her to sign. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE, 29 June 2022, at 2:24–3:10 and 4:3–10.

I do not accept Sandy’s explanation. Her explanation was not in her AEIC.
Further, all four cheques were for payment of the dividends of US$2.8m that
were declared at the EGM on 7 March 2018. There was no reason why the four
cheques would have been signed separately and Sandy offered none.

98 Even if Sandy did sign the cheques separately, that still does not mean
that she therefore did not know that the four cheques were issued pursuant to
the declaration of dividends at the EGM.

99 The evidence also shows that in December 2015, Sandy had already agreed to
the arrangement of using dividends to pay Sam’s M&E Fees. Back then, Yangbum
had issued two cheques (SCB 933682 and SCB 933683) that were payable to Sam.
108

##### Foot Note 108

×

3 AB 584 and 586.

The corresponding payment vouchers described SCB 933682 as payment of
dividends to Sam and Sandy, and SCB 933683 as payment of dividends to Sam. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

3 AB 585 and 589.

In the Dividends Journal, Shuling wrote “(entertainment)” against the entry
for SCB 933682, and “(director fee)” against the entry for SCB 933683. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

4 AB 479; NE, 20 July 2022, at 19:1–9.

Shuling testified that this was based on what Sandy told her and that Sandy
also told her that it was pursuant to her “divorce agreement” with Sam. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE, 20 July 2022, at 19:9–20:9.

Shuling’s evidence was not challenged.

100 As for Sandy’s claim that she discovered the diversion of the eighth
cheque at the same time that she discovered the diversion of the first seven
cheques, I have rejected that claim (see [80] above).

101 It is clear from the above that although the two cheques in question (SCB
002668 and SCB 002669) were issued pursuant to the declaration of dividends at
the EGM on 7 March 2018, they were never intended to be paid to Sandy and Sam
as dividends. Instead, they were intended to be and were paid to Sam as his
M&E Fees. Sandy knew and agreed to this arrangement. Accordingly, I find that
Sam did not divert the proceeds of the eighth cheque to himself.

Whether Sam forged Sandy’s signature on 49 cheques

102 Sandy claims that in 2018, she discovered that Sam had forged her
signature on at least 49 cheques issued by Yangbum against Yangbum’s OCBC
account between 2012 and 2013 (the “49 Cheques”). 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

S 275 SOC, at paras 23–24; 3 AB 514–562.

During this period, cheques issued against Yangbum’s OCBC account for amounts
of S$20,000 or more required Sam’s and Sandy’s signatures. The cheques were
issued to various business counterparties of Yangbum; Sandy accepts that the
payments were made in the ordinary course of business. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE, 28 June 2022, at 17:21–18:12.

103 Sam admitted that there were a few instances when he signed cheques
(issued by Yangbum) on behalf of Sandy; however, he was unable to recollect
those instances specifically and thus did not admit that all of the 49 Cheques
were signed by him on Sandy’s behalf. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Defence of 1st Defendant (Amendment No 1) in Suit 275 (“S 275 Defence”), at
paras 22(e)–(f); Sam’s AEIC, at para 96(c).

104 Sandy did not adduce any expert evidence to prove that her signatures on
the 49 Cheques were forged. Nevertheless, given Sam’s admission, I proceed on
the basis that Sandy’s signatures on some of the 49 Cheques (without any
indication as to how many) were signed by Sam.

105 Sam’s case is that during the period from 2009 to 2013, when Sandy was
living in China with the children, there was an understanding that he would
sign cheques on behalf of Sandy if it was inconvenient for Sandy to do so.
Sandy denies any such understanding.

106 I find that there was an understanding between Sam and Sandy that he could
sign cheques on behalf of Sandy if it was inconvenient for her to do so. This
understanding is consistent with the following facts:

(a) Sam held Sandy’s bank token for Yangbum’s OCBC account (against which the
49 Cheques were issued) so that he could approve payments that required the
use of both tokens. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 48 (s/n a).

In other words, he approved transactions through internet banking on Sandy’s
behalf, using her bank token. Sam’s evidence to this effect was not
challenged. Xiaoman confirmed that Sandy had passed her bank token to Sam and
Sam could approve transactions through internet banking on behalf of Sandy and
himself. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Xiaoman’s AEIC, at para 23; NE, 21 July 2022, at 10:7–23.

Her evidence was not challenged either.

(b) Sandy signed cheques without question. Xiaoman testified that Sandy would
usually sign cheques upon seeing that Sam had signed them, and she never
rejected signing any cheque or asked to see any supporting documents. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Xiaoman’s AEIC, at para 25.

Xiaoman’s evidence was not challenged. Shuling testified that Sandy did not
ask any questions about the cheques that she was asked to sign; she would
simply sign after seeing that Sam had signed the cheque. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Shuling’s AEIC, at para 20.

Shuling’s evidence was also not challenged.

Whether Sam caused Yangbum to attempt to issue disproportionate dividends to
himself and to apply improper set-offs

107 As stated in [36] above, on 24 February 2020, Sandy withdrew S$188,000
from the OCBC Joint Account, leaving a balance of just a little over S$550.
Sam claims that this withdrawal was wrongful because he had made full payment
of S$9.3m to Sandy as required under the IJ and Sandy was to relinquish her
interests in all joint bank accounts held with him. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 217; 5 AB 104–105, at para 3(d).

108 The next day, 25 February 2020, Sam decided that Yangbum should issue the
following dividends:

(a) S$2,000,000 to be paid to Sam and Sandy equally; however, Sandy’s share of
S$1m would be set-off against the Yangbum Loan (S$800,000) and the Ken
Precision Loan (S$200,000) (see [26] above);

(b) S$376,000 to be paid to Sam and Sandy equally; however, Sandy’s share of
S$188,000 would be set-off against the S$188,000 Withdrawal;

(c) S$100,000 to be paid to Sam as partial payment of his expenses; and

(d) S$500,000 to be paid to Sam as his management fee for 2018.

The set-offs in (a) and (b) above meant that Sandy would not receive any part
of her share of dividends amounting to S$1,188,000.

109 On Sam’s instructions, Yangbum’s accounts executive, Ms Long Soo Hsien
(“Soo Hsien”), prepared the following cheques and payment vouchers:

(a) UOB 136068 for S$1m payable to Sam; the corresponding payment voucher
described this as dividends payable to Sam; 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

3 AB 604.

(b) UOB 136069 for S$500,000 payable to Sam; the corresponding payment voucher
described this as dividends payable to Sam; 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

3 AB 606.

(c) UOB 136071 for S$476,000 payable to Sam; the corresponding payment voucher
described this as dividends payable to Sam; 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

3 AB 608.

and

(d) a payment voucher which stated that dividends of S$1m and S$188,000 were
payable to Sandy but were to be set-off against the Yangbum Loan, the Ken
Precision Loan and the S$188,000 Withdrawal. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

3 AB 639.

110 The payment of S$476,000 comprised the amounts of S$376,000 and S$100,000
referred to in [108(b)] and [108(c)] above. The amount of S$376,000 included
$188,000 payable to Sandy as dividends but which Sam wanted to set off against
the S$188,000 Withdrawal. As that withdrawal was from the OCBC Joint Account,
it was owed to Sam. In effect, Sam was trying to set off dividends payable by
Yangbum to Sandy against a debt that he claimed Sandy owed to him.

111 Sam signed the payment vouchers and the cheques. On 26 February 2020, Soo
Hsien asked Sandy to go to Yangbum’s office to sign the cheques and payment
vouchers. On Sandy’s request, Soo Hsien sent copies of the cheques and payment
vouchers to Sandy. Sandy refused to sign the cheques or to acknowledge the
proposed set-offs on the grounds that the dividends were disproportionate and
Yangbum was not entitled to apply the set-offs. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 117.

112 Sandy’s case is that Sam abused his position as sole director of Yangbum
by causing Yangbum to attempt to issue more dividends to himself and to apply
improper set-offs against Sandy’s declared dividends.

Whether Sam abused his position as sole director

113 The proposed dividends were not paid and the proposed set-offs were not
effected since Sandy refused to sign the three cheques. Sam submits that he
did not abuse his position as sole director because the proposed dividends and
set-offs were subject to Sandy’s agreement. I agree. In substance, Sam’s
actions amounted to nothing more than a request for Sandy’s agreement to the
proposal. It was entirely up to Sandy whether to agree or disagree. There is
no suggestion that Sam misrepresented any fact to Sandy.

114 I also agree with Sam that in any event, the proposed dividends and set-
offs have no continuing oppressive effect that merits any relief under s 216
CA. I agree with the following view expressed by the learned author in
Margaret Chew, Minority Shareholders’ Rights and Remedies (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed,
2017) at 4.231:

… there is soundness in the proposition that section 216 does not cover
allegedly oppressive acts that have ceased or been remedied, for instance,
where breaches of the constitution or breaches of directors’ duties have been
addressed or rectified. In so far as such past acts do not have continuing and
oppressive effects at the time an action is commenced, it is suggested that
recourse to section 216 remedies may not be available.

115 For completeness, I proceed to deal with whether the proposed dividends
were disproportionate and whether the proposed set-offs were improper.

Alleged disproportionate dividends

116 Sandy alleges that the proposed payments of dividends were
disproportionate because Sam was to be paid a total amount of S$1,976,000
whereas Sandy was to be paid a total of S$1,188,000. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

S 275 SOC, at paras 26–27; Sandy’s Closing Submissions, at para 40.

In my view, Sandy’s allegation is erroneous, and the proposed dividends were
not disproportionate.

117 As stated in [108] above, of the total amount of dividends to be issued,

(a) Sam and Sandy were to receive only S$1,188,000 each as dividends but an
amount of S$188,000 from Sandy’s dividends was to be paid to Sam to set off
against the S$188,000 Withdrawal; and

(b) the additional amounts of S$100,000 and S$500,000 were to be paid to Sam
towards his M&E Fees.

Clearly, the proposed payment of dividends of S$1,188,000 each was not
disproportionate since Sam and Sandy would have received equal amounts.

118 The additional amounts (a total of S$600,000) were not intended to be paid
to Sam as dividends but as payment towards his M&E Fees. I have found that
Sandy had agreed to the arrangement of using dividends to pay Sam’s M&E Fees
(see [99] above). Sandy is therefore wrong to claim an entitlement to be paid
a similar amount of S$600,000 as dividends. Indeed, payment of this amount to
Sandy as dividends would have resulted in a disproportionate payment of
dividends in favour of Sandy.

Alleged improper set-offs

119 Sandy claims that the proposed set-offs (see [108] above) were improper
for the following reasons: 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at paras 112–114 and 116; Sandy’s Closing Submissions, at paras
44–50.

(a) Yangbum had not demanded repayment of the Yangbum Loan;

(b) the Ken Precision Loan was not a debt owing to Yangbum; and

(c) Sandy was entitled to make the S$188,000 Withdrawal.

Set-off against the Yangbum Loan

120 Sandy’s pleaded case is that Yangbum was not entitled to set-off her
dividends against the Yangbum Loan because (a) Yangbum had not demanded
repayment of the loan, and (b) in mid-April 2018, Sam agreed to Sandy repaying
the Yangbum Loan by applying a portion of her share of future shareholder
dividends disbursed to her, until the loan was fully repaid (the “Repayment
Agreement”). 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

S 275 SOC, at paras 29 and 34A (read with para 20D).

121 In my view, the fact that Yangbum had not demanded repayment of the
Yangbum Loan is neither here nor there. If the Repayment Agreement exists,
whether Yangbum had demanded repayment would be irrelevant. If the Repayment
Agreement does not exist, Yangbum would have been entitled to set-off Sandy’s
dividends against the Yangbum Loan even if Yangbum had not demanded repayment.

122 As for the alleged Repayment Agreement, I note that Sandy’s closing
submissions do not refer to this. Nevertheless, in my view, the Repayment
Agreement is yet another fabrication by Sandy.

123 First, Sandy’s position as to the terms of the Repayment Agreement has not
been consistent.

(a) In her Statement of Claim in S 275 and her affidavit filed in opposition
to Yangbum’s application for summary judgment in S 567, Sandy asserted that
the agreement was that she would repay the Yangbum Loan by applying “a
portion” of her share of future shareholder dividends. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

S 275 SOC, at para 20D; 3 BCP 67 (Sandy’s opposing affidavit in the O 14
proceedings in S 567).

This is different from her response on 29 June 2020 (through her lawyers) to
the demands made by Yangbum and Ken Precision for repayment of the Yangbum
Loan and Ken Precision Loan respectively. In that response, Sandy alleged that
there was an agreement that the Yangbum Loan would be “fully repaid from or
set-off against [Sandy’s] share of the future dividends issued by Yangbum”.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

4 AB 424–425.

There was no mention of Sandy using “a portion” of her future dividends to
repay the Yangbum Loan.

(b) In her oral testimony, Sandy said that it was for Sam, not her, to decide
how much of any future dividends would be used to pay off the Yangbum Loan.
130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE, 29 June 2022, at 61:11–21.

This was different from her case in S 275 and S 567, which was that she would
repay the Yangbum Loan by applying a portion of her future dividends. When
Sam’s counsel pointed out to her that her case in S 567 was that she had the
right to decide how much of her future dividends would be used to repay the
Yangbum Loan, Sandy immediately abandoned what she said in her oral testimony.
131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE, 29 June 2022, at 61:22–62:1.

No attempt was made to explain her position in her oral testimony.

124 Second, Sandy’s case is that the Repayment Agreement applied only to the
Yangbum Loan. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

S 275 SOC, at paras 20B and 20D.

Sandy had requested a S$1m loan from Yangbum on 14 April 2018. Subsequently,
Sam arranged for the loan to be given by way of the Yangbum Loan and the Ken
Precision Loan. It is illogical that the Repayment Agreement (which was
allegedly made in mid-April 2018) would have applied only to the Yangbum Loan.
It seems to me that Sandy very likely did not include the Ken Precision Loan
in the alleged Repayment Agreement because she did not need to. She was able
to argue that the proposed set-off against the Ken Precision Loan was improper
because that loan was not owed to Yangbum. However, Sandy needed a reason to
challenge the proposed set-off against the Yangbum Loan and she came up with
the Repayment Agreement for that purpose.

125 Third, the Repayment Agreement is a bare assertion by Sandy. There is no
other evidence supporting the alleged agreement. In fact, Sandy’s request for
the S$1m loan was made by way of a text message, to which Sam simply replied
“Ok”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

1 AB 294.

There is no evidence that supports Sandy’s bare allegation that she had a
meeting with Sam in mid-April 2018, during which they entered into the
Repayment Agreement. In dismissing the appeal against the summary judgment
entered against Sandy in S 567, the learned High Court Judge had expressed the
view that the Repayment Agreement was uncertain and that there was “no
evidence reasonably capable of belief that the loan would only be repayable
from dividends” (emphasis in original). 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

3 BCP 179.

I fully agree.

126 In my view, the proposed set-off against the Yangbum Loan was not
improper.

Set-off against the Ken Precision Loan

127 Ordinarily, Yangbum would not have been entitled to set-off Sandy’s
dividends against the Ken Precision Loan since the Ken Precision Loan was not
a debt owing to Yangbum. However, as discussed earlier, all that Sam had done
was to propose the set-off for Sandy’s agreement.

Set-off against the S$188,000 Withdrawal

128 As will be seen later in this judgment, I find that Sandy was entitled to
make the S$188,000 Withdrawal. However, as discussed earlier, the proposed
set-off against the S$188,000 Withdrawal was just a proposal that Sandy could
agree or disagree with.

Yangbum’s claim against Sandy in HC/S 567/2020

129 Sandy’s pleaded case includes an allegation that Sam’s action in causing
Yangbum to commence S 567 despite the Repayment Agreement was oppressive. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

S 275 SOC, at paras 34A and 35.

Sandy has not pursued this in her closing submissions. In any event, I have
found that the Repayment Agreement is a fabrication. Yangbum was fully
entitled to commence S 567 against Sandy. I note as well that S 567 was
commenced only after Sandy failed to respond to Yangbum’s demand for payment
made on 2 June 2020.

Whether the removal of Sandy as a joint signatory breached her legitimate
expectations

130 Between 27 February and 8 March 2020, Sam (acting as the sole director of
Yangbum) removed Sandy as a joint signatory of Yangbum’s bank accounts.
Sandy’s case is as follows:

(a) Yangbum is a quasi-partnership between Sam and her. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

S 275 SOC, at para 14; Sandy’s Closing Submissions, at para 70.

(b) Even though she resigned as a director of Yangbum on 15 September 2005, it
was the intention, understanding and/or agreement that she had with Sam that:
137

##### Foot Note 137

×

S 275 SOC, at para 18.

(i) both of them would continue to have joint authority and oversight of the
use of Yangbum’s funds, and

(ii) withdrawal of substantial funds from Yangbum would require the consent of
both of them,

(the “Understanding”).

(c) Her removal as a joint signatory was in breach of the Understanding. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

S 275 SOC, at para 36.

131 A quasi-partnership may be defined as an association formed or continued
on the basis of a personal relationship, involving mutual confidence. While
legal rights and expectations are usually enshrined in the company’s
constitution in the majority of cases, a special class of quasi-partnership
companies form an exception to this rule. The finding of a quasi-partnership
allows the court to take into account informal understandings and assumptions
in determining whether the minority shareholders have been unfairly treated.
See, Ting Shwu Ping v Scanone Pte Ltd and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 95 at
[85].

132 In the present case, proving that Yangbum is a quasi-partnership would
allow this Court to take into account the Understanding in determining whether
Sandy has been unfairly treated. However, Sandy must still prove the
Understanding.

Whether Yangbum is a quasi-partnership

133 Sandy makes the following allegations in support of her claim that Yangbum
is a quasi-partnership: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

S 275 SOC, at paras 8–16.

(a) In 1994, Sandy and Sam set up YE (the sole proprietorship in Sam’s name).
Sam was primarily in charge of sales and marketing whilst she was primarily in
charge of production and book-keeping. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

S 275 SOC, at paras 8 and 11.

Sandy’s contributions to YE since 1994 formed the foundations which led to the
incorporation of Yangbum. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Sandy’s Closing Submissions, at para 74.

(b) As YE’s business became successful and required further financing to grow,
Sandy and Sam decided to incorporate Yangbum to limit their personal
liability; Sandy and Sam were appointed as directors to manage Yangbum. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

S 275 SOC, at paras 12–13.

Yangbum was incorporated with the parties’ shared efforts; Sandy and her
family provided labour and financing. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Sandy’s Closing Submissions, at para 75.

(c) Yangbum was a closely held family-owned company formed and managed on the
basis of mutual trust and confidence; Yangbum’s affairs were conducted on an
informal basis. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

S 275 SOC, at paras 14 and 17.

(d) The understanding and/or agreement was that Sandy and Sam would be jointly
involved in the key decision-making in YE and Yangbum. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

S 275 SOC, at para 15.

(e) Sam continued to be in charge of sales and marketing while Sandy continued
to be in charge of production and book-keeping in Yangbum, and they jointly
made decisions in relation to the financing and manpower needs of Yangbum. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

S 275 SOC, at para 16.

134 I am not persuaded that Yangbum is a quasi-partnership.

Sandy had no material involvement in YE

135 I find that Sandy did not have any substantial or material involvement in
the setting up of YE or in YE’s business.

136 First, I reject Sandy’s claim that she set up YE (the sole proprietorship
in Sam’s name) together with Sam.

(a) Sam formed a partnership (YIS) in July 1992 before he even met Sandy. Sam
managed YIS; the other partner was a sleeping partner. In May 1994, Sam
dissolved the partnership and registered YE on 21 June 1994, using moneys he
received from the dissolution of YIS to start YE. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 17.

YE operated out of the premises of a subcontractor who was Sam’s contact. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 18.

(b) Sandy came to Singapore as a student in 1992. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 58:13–14.

Sam started dating Sandy only in 1993. Sandy returned to China in
September/October 1993 and came back to Singapore in June 1994, which was
around the same time that YE was set up. Sandy had no experience or knowledge
of the business that YE was in. Sandy became a permanent resident of Singapore
about three months after she married Sam. After that, she worked in a child-
care centre but resigned in less than a month. YE was registered as a sole
proprietorship in Sam’s name instead of as a partnership in both Sam’s and
Sandy’s names.

(c) Based on the above facts, I find it unbelievable that Sandy would have
been involved in any meaningful way in the setting up of YE. The fact that Sam
married Sandy in July 1994 does not mean that Sandy was therefore involved as
a business partner in the formation of YE.

137 Second, I reject Sandy’s claim that she was primarily in charge of
production and book-keeping in YE. Sandy’s claim that she was in charge of
production is a blatant exaggeration. Under cross-examination, Sandy admitted
that in fact YE had no production work; Sam outsourced the production work and
what Sandy did was to smooth the edges of the products and check the
dimensions, and to type the delivery orders and invoices. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 36:22–37:22.

It is not surprising that as Sam’s partner in marriage, she would have helped
him with such tasks. As for her claim that she was in charge of book-keeping,
Sam’s evidence that he (not Sandy) managed YE’s book-keeping was not
challenged. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 28.

In short, the evidence does not show that Sandy played any substantial role in
YE.

Sandy had no material involvement in Yangbum

138 I find that Sandy did not have a substantial or material involvement in
the decision to incorporate Yangbum or in Yangbum’s business.

139 First, Sandy claims that she and Sam decided to incorporate Yangbum to
limit their liability. I agree with Sam that this makes no sense. Sam was the
sole proprietor of YE. Sandy had no personal liability for YE’s debts. When
asked to explain, Sandy first said that she was a partner of YE but she
subsequently conceded that she was not registered as a partner and therefore
had no personal liability. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 63:15–23.

She then changed her evidence and said that Yangbum had to take loans to buy
machinery and start the factory and as a private limited company, liability
would be limited. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 63:24–64:6.

However, that still does not explain what liability she had that would be
limited by incorporating Yangbum. Incorporating Yangbum to carry on YE’s
business had no impact on Sandy’s liability since she was not liable for YE’s
debts in any event. In my view, Sandy was making up her evidence.

140 I accept Sam’s evidence that he incorporated Yangbum because YE’s business
had expanded and he wanted to carry out production on his own. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Sam’s AEIC, at paras 31–32.

It is more cogent and, in any event, was not challenged.

141 Second, Sam obtained banking facilities of approximately S$624,000 from
Focal Finance Ltd and OCBC for Yangbum to purchase machines for production.
155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 32(a).

Sam was the sole guarantor for the loans. Further, Sandy was not involved in
obtaining these loans. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 64:23–25.

In her AEIC and during cross-examination, Sandy said she was not aware Sam had
secured financing for Yangbum in 1997. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 38(c); NE, 30 June 2022, at 104:1–10.

Subsequently, during re-examination, Sandy changed her evidence and said that
she knew Sam had obtained bank loans to purchase machinery. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE, 7 July 2022, at 5:13–6:10.

I do not place much weight on Sandy’s evidence during re-examination. When
asked to explain her earlier evidence that she did not know about the loans,
her answers were not responsive. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE, 7 July 2022, at 6:11–7:10.

In any event, Sandy also admitted that she did not know how much the loans
were. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE, 7 July 2022, at 6:5–8, 24–25.

Sandy’s lack of involvement in and knowledge about the loans show that she was
not as involved in the setting up of Yangbum as she claims.

142 Third, Shuling testified that she referred to Sandy as “lady boss” as a
term of respect; it did not mean that Sandy was one of the bosses at Yangbum.
161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NE, 19 July 2022, at 48:5–15.

Shuling also confirmed that she reported to Sam directly, Sandy did not “guide
her” when she joined Yangbum, the finance team did not report to Sandy, Sandy
rarely went to the office and was not involved in Yangbum’s business and
operations, she (Shuling) consulted Sam on financial decisions for Yangbum,
and she had not seen Sam discussing finance issues with Sandy. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE, 19 July 2022, at 50:22–25, 51:14–16, 53:4–14.

I accept Shuling’s evidence; she was an objective witness and her evidence was
unshaken during cross-examination.

143 Fourth, Sandy submits that she and her family provided labour and
financing to Yangbum at a time when both Sam and Sandy were financially
impoverished. In my view, whatever help that Sandy or her mother may have
provided is consistent with her relationship to Sam and is insufficient to
prove that Yangbum is a quasi-partnership.

144 Fifth, regarding the loan of RMB200,000, it is not disputed that such a
loan was made to Yangbum. Sandy claims that her family (including her mother)
and family friends made the loan to Yangbum as working capital during its
incorporation and that it was interest-free. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 38(c).

Sam, however, says that the loan was made in mid-1999 and that it was Sandy
who had insisted on Yangbum taking the loan so that she “could show off and do
her relatives a favour by offering them a high [interest] rate” of 15%. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 34(c).

145 I reject Sandy’s claim that the RMB200,000 loan was made to Yangbum as
working capital during its incorporation.

(a) Sandy’s evidence about the loan is inconsistent in material respects.

(i) In her reply in S 275, Sandy pleaded that her mother contributed “almost
her entire life savings of [RMB]200,000 as working capital for [Yangbum]
during its incorporation”. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

S 275 Reply, at para 9(b).

However, in her third affidavit filed in these proceedings (dated 9 June
2020), she said that her mother contributed the RMB200,000 after the
incorporation of Yangbum. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

1 BCP 741, at para 33.

When questioned, Sandy could not give any credible explanation and merely kept
repeating that the loan was given in 1997. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 82:15–83:4.

(ii) As stated above, in her reply in S 275 and in her affidavit dated 9 June
2020, Sandy said that her mother contributed the RMB200,000. In her reply, she
even described the amount as “almost [her mother’s] entire life savings”. In
her AEIC, Sandy changed her evidence and said the RMB200,000 came from her
family (including her mother) and family friends. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 38(c).

Sandy was not responsive when asked to explain the different versions of her
evidence and simply repeated that her mother “approached relatives and friends
to get the loan”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 84:4–18.

(b) Sandy’s claim that the loan was interest-free is unbelievable. RMB200,000
was a substantial amount in China in 1997. The lenders included not just
Sandy’s mother but also her family and even family friends. There was no
reason why they would give Yangbum an interest-free loan of RMB200,000. When
questioned about this, Sandy explained that in 1997, people in China were very
helpful and were willing to give out loans to help others prosper. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 94:8–20.

I find Sandy’s explanation unbelievable.

(c) Yangbum did not need the loan as YE’s assets were transferred to Yangbum
171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE, 12 July 2022, at 28:10–15.

and Sam had also obtained financing from the banks. It is also not disputed
that Sam did not ask for the loan. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 95:2–6.

(d) There is no evidence as to when the loan was made to Yangbum. Sandy relied
on a copy of handwritten notes that she claimed were her records of the
amounts borrowed for the loan. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 38(c) and pp 182–185.

I find that these notes are not helpful in determining when the loan of
RMB200,000 was made.

(i) Only a copy was produced in evidence.

(ii) It is also not clear that the entries were in respect of the loan of
RMB200,000. The figures in the notes do not tally with the loan amount of
RMB200,000. Sandy’s explanation that “we just call it 200,000” 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 87:14–16.

is not believable. Sandy’s explanation as to how all the figures show the loan
of RMB200,000 is muddled and illogical. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 87:8–88:23.

(iii) The dates shown in these notes do not indicate the year and the dates
ranged from 16 March to 11 June. Yangbum was incorporated only on 19 June
1997. Sandy at first claimed that the dates referred to 1997. However, when
asked if she was saying that she was borrowing moneys from her mother and
family from March 1997, she changed her evidence and said that the 16 March
date referred to 1998. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 86:10–87:7.

(e) During her oral testimony, Sandy said that she started borrowing moneys
before Yangbum was incorporated because “[w]e wanted to buy a car ... and … an
HDB flat” and that the moneys were to be used wherever needed. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 89:9–21.

Sandy’s testimony contradicted her own case that the loan of RMB200,000 was
made to Yangbum as working capital during its incorporation.

146 I find that it was more probable than not that (a) it was Sandy who
insisted on Yangbum taking the loan and (b) the loan was made in 1999.

147 Sixth, Sandy’s resignation as a director of Yangbum on 15 September 2005,
of her own free will, shows that she had no material involvement in the
management of Yangbum. Sandy claims that she resigned as director due to
differences with Sam regarding the management of Yangbum, including Yangbum’s
alleged use of “phantom workers” to enable Yangbum to employ more foreign
workers and the employment of foreigners without work permits. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at paras 61 and 162.

148 I reject the reasons given by Sandy for her resignation as director. In
2008, Sandy became the sole shareholder of Ace Class and Apex Precision, and a
director of QL Precision. In 2009, she became the sole shareholder of QL
Precision. In 2016, she became the sole shareholder of TL Precision and SH
Precision. Sandy’s claim that she resigned in 2005 due to disagreement with
Sam over the management of Yangbum (in particular, the alleged use of phantom
workers) is inconsistent with the roles that she subsequently assumed in the
above companies. After all, for all intents and purposes, these companies were
part of the Yangbum group and remained under Sam’s management.

149 I accept Sam’s evidence that Sandy was made a director and shareholder of
Yangbum at incorporation because the law then required every company to have a
minimum of two shareholders and directors. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 35(a).

Given Sandy’s lack of experience or knowledge of Yangbum’s business, I do not
believe that Sam appointed Sandy as a director in order to manage the
business.

150 I also accept Sam’s evidence that Sandy resigned as a director in 2005
because there was no longer a legal requirement for at least two directors and
Sandy did not want the responsibilities of a director. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 69.

The CA was amended in 2004 to permit a company to have a single director who
was ordinarily resident in Singapore. Sandy’s resignation as director in 2005
shows that she had no material involvement in the management of Yangbum.

151 Seventh, in or about October 2019, Sandy requested to be reappointed as a
director of Yangbum. Her request was rejected by Sam. Sandy simply accepted
Sam’s decision. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 174(b); NE, 30 June 2022, at 10:3–14.

Sandy’s conduct is also consistent with the fact that she had no material
involvement in the management of Yangbum.

No understanding that Sandy would be jointly involved in key decision-making

152 A part of Sandy’s pleaded case is that when YE was set up and Yangbum was
incorporated, there was an understanding that she would be jointly involved
with Sam in key decision-making in YE and Yangbum. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

S 275 SOC, at para 15.

In her further and better particulars filed in S 275, Sandy stated that such
decisions included decisions relating to financing, office needs and manpower
needs. In my judgment, there was no such understanding.

(a) As discussed in [141] above, Sandy was neither aware of nor involved in
Sam’s efforts in obtaining bank loans to purchase machinery for Yangbum’s
business.

(b) Sandy’s evidence relating to this alleged understanding is illogical. In
her AEIC, Sandy says that when Yangbum was incorporated, there was an
understanding and/or agreement between her and Sam that they would be jointly
involved in key decision-making in YE and Yangbum. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 43 read with para 20.

I agree with Sam that it is illogical that an agreement would have been
reached in 1997 (when Yangbum was incorporated) for her to be involved in key
decision-making in the past in YE. Sandy was unable to offer an explanation
and merely claimed not to understand the illogicality of her allegation. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 101:6–103:1.

The illogicality shows that Sandy’s allegation is a fabrication.

(c) In her AEIC, Sandy also says that both she and Sam were personally
involved in every aspect of YE’s business. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

S 275 SOC, at para 15; Sandy’s AEIC, at para 27.

This is different from just being involved in key decision-making.

(d) Sandy has no training or experience in Yangbum’s business. It is
unrealistic that she would have the capability to be jointly involved in key
decision-making relating to Yangbum’s financing needs for its business, or
what Yangbum needs for its production, or the type of machinery that it needs,
or the type of labour skills that it needs.

153 In any event, during oral closing submissions, Sandy did not pursue her
claim that she would be jointly involved in key decision-making. Instead, she
confined her case to oversight over the financials and a veto right over the
issuance of cheques, which would appear to approximate to the scope of the
Understanding. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NE, 14 September 2022, at 19:6–20:2.

As dealt with below, I find that the alleged Understanding is also a
fabrication by Sandy.

Whether the alleged Understanding exists

154 The alleged Understanding is that even though she resigned as a director,
Sandy would continue to have joint authority and oversight of the use of
Yangbum’s funds, and the withdrawal of substantial funds would require her
consent (see [130(b)] above).

155 In my judgment, the alleged Understanding is another fabrication by Sandy.
First, the scope of the alleged Understanding is vague. Sandy’s pleaded case
does not state how her alleged joint authority and oversight was to be
exercised, or what “substantial funds” meant. In her oral submissions, Sandy
referred to a veto right over the issuance of cheques, without any requirement
that the cheques involve substantial funds. The lack of clarity as to the
scope of the alleged Understanding and the fluidity of Sandy’s case regarding
the same are strong indications that the Understanding is just a fabrication.

156 Second, it is unrealistic that Sam would have agreed that the use of
Yangbum’s funds for its business would be subject to Sandy’s consent. Sandy
had not experience or knowledge of Yangbum’s business.

157 Third, Sandy’s claim that she was to have oversight of cheques issued by
Yangbum is contradicted by the evidence.

(a) From 21 July 1997 to October 2016, both Sam and Sandy were authorised
signatories for Yangbum’s OCBC account. However, either one could sign cheques
for amounts up to $20,000; Sandy’s joint signature was required only for
amounts exceeding that. Transactions via internet banking (with a limit of
$200,000 per transaction) required authorisation by both Sam and Sandy, but
Sam held both his and Sandy’s tokens.

(b) From 17 October 2016 to 12 October 2019, both Sam and Sandy were
authorised signatories for Yangbum’s UOB account (which in effect replaced the
OCBC account). However, either one could sign cheques for amounts up to
$20,000; Sandy’s joint signature was required only for amounts exceeding that.
In addition, Sam was the sole authorised user for transactions via internet
banking (with a limit of $200,000 per transaction).

(c) From 1999 to January 2018, both Sam and Sandy were authorised signatories
for Yangbum’s SCB account. However, either one could sign cheques for any
amount. Sam was also the sole authorised user for transactions via internet
banking.

(d) From 29 September 2015 to 23 October 2019, both Sam and Sandy were
authorised signatories for Yangbum’s CIMB account. However, either one could
sign cheques for any amount. Sam was also the sole authorised user for
transactions via internet banking.

158 Sandy has not alleged that she objected to the above mandates for
Yangbum’s accounts before October 2019, or adduced any evidence to that
effect. Sandy’s implicit acceptance of the above mandates for the considerable
period before October 2019 contradicts her case that the Understanding exists.

159 In October 2019, Sandy requested changes to the mandates. In her AEIC,
Sandy says that she asked for the mandates to be changed because of the
Understanding. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 172.

However, there was no mention whatsoever of the Understanding in Sandy’s
request. In her request, Sandy merely referred to the fact that Sam had
mentioned during a meeting that he wanted to standardise the mandates. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

1 AB 267–290.

The fact that her request in October 2019 did not refer to the Understanding
is strong evidence that there was never any such Understanding.

160 Sandy submits that the fact that she remained a joint signatory
notwithstanding various developments over the years is evidence that the
Understanding exists. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Sandy’s Closing Submissions, at para 91.

In my judgment, the fact that she was not removed earlier is not sufficient to
outweigh the evidence discussed above which clearly shows that the
Understanding does not exist. Sandy has not discharged her burden of proving
the existence of the Understanding.

Conclusion on the removal of Sandy as joint signatory

161 In the circumstances, Sandy did not have any legitimate expectation to
retain oversight of Yangbum’s funds as a joint signatory to Yangbum’s bank
accounts. Sam was fully entitled to remove her as a joint signatory.

Conclusion on Sandy’s claims in S 275

162 In her closing submissions, Sandy seeks:

(a) either a buyout order or her reinstatement as a joint signatory to
Yangbum’s bank accounts;

(b) an account of dividends declared to Sam and Sandy from incorporation until
the date of judgment; and

(c) payment of US$922,052.47.

163 In summary, my findings with respect to Sandy’s allegations in S 275 are
as follows:

(a) Sam did not divert Sandy’s share of dividends in seven of the eight
cheques issued between August 2014 and December 2015 (see [87] above). As for
the eighth cheque, Sandy was not entitled to the proceeds of that cheque and
thus, there was no diversion by Sam (see [101] above).

(b) Sam did sign cheques on behalf of Sandy for payments in Yangbum’s ordinary
course of business but this was done pursuant to an understanding between Sam
and Sandy that he could do so if it was inconvenient for her to sign the
cheques (see [106] above).

(c) Sam did not abuse his position as sole director in proposing to issue the
dividends and effect the set-offs in February 2020 (see [113] above).

(d) Yangbum is not a quasi-partnership (see [134] above). The alleged
Understanding is a fabrication by Sandy (see [155] above).

(e) Sam was fully entitled to remove Sandy as a joint signatory to Yangbum’s
bank accounts (see [161] above).

164 In the circumstances, I find that Sandy has not made out a case that
entitles her to any relief under s 216 CA. Sandy is therefore not entitled to
either a buyout order or reinstatement as a joint signatory.

165 As for Sandy’s claim for an account of the dividends declared by Yangbum,
in view of my findings above, there is nothing in Sandy’s pleaded case that
entitles her to such an order.

166 Sandy is also not entitled to an order for payment of US$922,052.47 in
view of my finding that Sam did not divert this amount to himself (see
[163(a)] above).

167 Accordingly, I dismiss all of Sandy’s claims in S 275. I would add that it
can be seen from my analysis of Sandy’s evidence that Sandy’s credibility as a
witness is sorely lacking.

Whether Sandy holds the shares in the Three Companies on trust for Sam

168 Sam’s case is as follows: 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Sam’s AEIC, at paras 75–84.

(a) In early 2008, the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) penalised Yangbum for
“administrative lapses” in Yangbum’s application for work permits for its
employees. Apparently, Yangbum had hired eight workers without MOM’s approval.
191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NE, 14 July 2022, at 73:23–74:23.

According to Sam, the penalty was that Yangbum and any company in which he was
involved either as a director or shareholder were not allowed to hire foreign
staff for two years. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE, 14 July 2022, at 73:8–21.

Sam saw the risk of Yangbum’s operations being affected by such administrative
lapses. To spread out the operational risk, on 1 July 2008, Sam incorporated
Ace Class and Apex Precision to perform work as subcontractors for Yangbum
exclusively. Sam decided to register the shares in these companies in Sandy’s
name to further distance them from himself as he was the sole director of
Yangbum. Sandy agreed to hold the shares on trust for Sam.

(b) Subsequently, Sandy requested Sam to incorporate a new subcontractor
company for her brother (Liang Jian) to facilitate his application for an
employment pass. Sam agreed and on 28 July 2008, he incorporated Ken Precision
with Liang Jian as the sole shareholder; Liang Jian was also appointed as a
director. Sandy suggested the name “Ken” because her brother’s name “Jian”
roughly translated to “Ken”. Liang Jian agreed to hold the shares in Ken
Precision on trust for Sam and to act in accordance with Sam’s directions. On
31 October 2018, Liang Jian resigned as director of Ken Precision and
transferred his shares in the company to Sam (see [28] above).

(c) On 8 October 2008, Sam incorporated QL Precision at Sandy’s request to
help her cousin (LQL) who wanted to settle down in Singapore. LQL was the sole
shareholder; she was also appointed as a director. LQL held the shares on
trust for Sam and acted in accordance with his directions. On 5 October 2009,
LQL resigned as director of QL Precision and transferred her shares in the
company to Sandy.

169 Sandy claims that Sam suggested that she invested in business instead of
real estate so that she could get higher returns and that the Three Companies
and Ken Precision were set up for her to invest in. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at paras 149 and 152 (both as amended).

Sandy further claims that, at Sam’s suggestion, she arranged for LQL and Liang
Jian to hold the shares in QL Precision and Ken Precision respectively, on her
behalf. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at paras 152(a) and (b).

According to Sandy, Sam suggested that their names (Sam’s and Sandy’s) not be
used but he did not explain why. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 152(c) (as amended).

170 As Liang Jian has transferred his shares in Ken Precision to Sam, Sam’s
claim in S 345 relates only to the shares in the Three Companies.
Nevertheless, the analysis of the evidence will include Ken Precision since
Sandy’s case is that she had invested in all four companies.

Sandy did not hold the shares in the Three Companies on trust for Sam

171 I find that Sam has not proved that Sandy holds the shares in the Three
Companies on trust for him.

172 First, the Deed of Settlement and the consent orders in the IJ (both made
in 2014) do not mention the shares in the Three Companies (and Ken Precision)
even though they specifically provide that Sam and Sandy would retain their
respective shareholdings in Yangbum. I agree with Sandy that this shows that
Sam does not own the beneficial interest in the shares in the Three Companies.
It is true that Liang Jian did transfer his shares in Ken Precision to Sam on
31 October 2018. However, in my view, this does not mean that Liang Jian had
held the shares on trust for Sam. At that time, Sandy simply wanted the shares
transferred to someone else (other than her).

173 Second, there is no reason why the shares in the Three Companies and Ken
Precision would be held on trust for Sam instead of Yangbum. Ace Class and
Apex Precision were set up to act as subcontractors to Yangbum exclusively.
Although the impetus for setting up Ken Precision and QL Precision was Sandy’s
desire to help her brother and cousin, these companies too acted as
subcontractors to Yangbum. As a result, part of Yangbum’s operations (and
profits) were to be shifted to these companies. The issues relating to MOM
also did not require the shares in Ace Class and Apex Precision to be held on
trust for Sam instead of Yangbum. In so far as QL Precision is concerned,
LQL’s evidence does not support Sam’s claim that she held the shares in QL
Precision on trust for him. LQL testified that she understood QL Precision to
be owned by Yangbum and ultimately to Sam because she understood Yangbum to
belong to Sam. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

NE, 22 July 2022, at 38:13–17, 38:23–39:20 and 41:3–7.

174 Third, I agree with Sandy that a trust cannot be created over future
property: see Philip H Pettit, Equity and the Law of Trusts (Oxford University
Press, 10th Ed, 2006) at 117. In the present case, the alleged trusts involved
future property.

(a) In his AEIC, Sam claims that Sandy agreed to hold the shares in Ace Class
and Apex Precision on trust for him, “in or around June 2008”. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 79.

However, these two companies were only incorporated on 1 July 2008. In his
oral testimony, Sam confirmed that his discussion and agreement with Sandy
took place in June 2008, before the two companies were incorporated. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

NE, 14 July 2022, at 85:11–19.

(b) As for Ken Precision, Sam’s discussions with Sandy (in relation to
incorporating Ken Precision and Liang Jian being willing to hold the shares in
Ken Precision as nominee) took place before the company was incorporated. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Sam’s AEIC, at paras 81–82.

Sam did not speak to Liang Jian about this before the company was
incorporated. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NE, 14 July 2022, at 97:11–15 and 97:20–98:16.

(c) Sam’s discussion with Sandy in relation to incorporating QL Precision and
LQL holding the shares in the company as his nominee also took place before
the company was incorporated. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Sam’s AEIC, at paras 83–84.

Sam did not speak to LQL about this before the company was incorporated. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

NE, 14 July 2022, at 97:16–19 and 98:24–99:8.

LQL confirms that Sandy spoke to her about holding shares in QL Precision
before the company was incorporated. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

LQL’s AEIC, at para 9.

175 A trust can still arise if there were declarations of trust after the
shares in question came into existence. However, it is not Sam’s pleaded case
that Sandy, LQL or Liang Jian made any declarations of trust after the shares
in the Three Companies and Ken Precision came into existence. In any event,
there is no evidence of any such declarations.

176 Given my finding that Sandy does not hold the shares in the Three
Companies on trust for Sam, it is unnecessary for me to deal with Sandy’s
submission that the trusts are unenforceable because they are illegal or
tainted with illegality.

Sandy did not invest in the Three Companies and Ken Precision

177 However, the fact that the shares in the Three Companies and Ken Precision
were not held on trust for Sam does not mean that Sandy’s claim (that she was
investing in these companies) is therefore true. I find that Sandy has not
proved that her shareholdings in these companies were investments, for the
following reasons.

178 First, as the Three Companies and Ken Precision were subcontractors to
Yangbum, some profits would be shifted from Yangbum to these companies. Sandy
admitted that she knew that the Three Companies made a lot of money. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

NE, 6 July 2022, at 43:23–24.

Sam and Sandy were equal shareholders in Yangbum. It defies logic that Sam
would have given away substantial amounts of profits (to which he had a 50%
share) to Sandy via the Three Companies and Ken Precision. Sandy also did not
invest any substantial amounts in these companies.

179 Second, LQL testified that she dealt with Sandy in relation to the
incorporation of QL Precision and Sandy did not tell her that the shares in QL
Precision belonged to her. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NE, 22 July 2022, at 41:13–18.

It was also not put to LQL that she held her shares in QL Precision on trust
for Sandy. As stated at [173] above, LQL understood QL Precision to be owned
by Yangbum. I accept LQL’s evidence; she had no reason to lie. Her evidence is
all the more persuasive given her relationship with Sandy. LQL’s evidence
exposed the falsity in Sandy’s claim that she arranged for LQL to hold the
shares in QL Precision on Sandy’s behalf.

180 Third, there is no reason why the shares in Ken Precision and QL Precision
would not have been registered in Sandy’s name if Sandy was investing in the
companies. In her AEIC, Sandy alleged that Sam had proposed that the shares in
Ken Precision and QL Precision be held in Liang Jian’s and LQL’s names
respectively, and that both Sam’s and Sandy’s names should not be listed as
directors. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 152(c) (as amended).

I reject Sandy’s allegation.

(a) In her oral testimony, Sandy confirmed that it was her idea for Liang Jian
to hold the shares in Ken Precision. Sandy’s evidence supports Sam’s case (see
[168(b)] above).

(b) The fact that Sam subsequently registered the shares in TL Precision and
SH Precision in Sandy’s name shows that he had no issue with Sandy’s name
appearing as the shareholder in other companies in addition to Ace Class and
Apex Precision.

181 Fourth, Sandy was the sole shareholder in TL Precision and SH Precision,
both of which acted as subcontractors to Yangbum. During cross-examination,
Sandy conceded that these two companies were not her investments. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

NE, 6 July 2022, at 5:12–6:2.

According to Sandy, Sam wanted to incorporate these two companies because the
profits of Yangbum and the Four Companies were too high, and she deferred to
his business judgment. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 156; NE 6 July 2022, at 4:14–18.

The incorporation of TL Precision and SH Precision would shift some of the
profits away from the Three Companies and Ken Precision. The fact that Sandy
has no beneficial interest in TL Precision and SH Precision and her ready
acceptance of Sam’s reason for incorporating these two companies are
inconsistent with Sandy’s claim that her shareholdings in the Three Companies
and Ken Precision were investments by her. If her holdings in these companies
were truly investments, she would surely have wanted a beneficial interest in
at least part of her shareholdings in TL Precision and SH Precision.

182 Fifth, in October 2018, Sandy requested Sam to have the shares in the
Three Companies, Ken Precision, TL Precision and SH Precision transferred to
others; alternatively she suggested closing them down. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

2 AB 24.

In my view, Sandy’s request shows that she did not regard herself as the
beneficial owner of the shares in the Three Companies and Ken Precision.

(a) In her request, Sandy did not refer to her alleged investment in the Three
Companies and Ken Precision, or require payment for the shares in these
companies. In fact, she even referred to the companies as “small companies”.
In her oral testimony, Sandy confirmed that she did not ask for payment for
the shares and that she did not know or want to know what the companies’
retained earnings were. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NE, 6 July 2022, at 25:16–18, 38:1–7.

Sandy subsequently sought to retract her statement that she did not ask for
payment for the shares. In my view, her retraction was an afterthought; her
explanation was simply incredulous. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

NE, 6 July 2022, at 39:11–23.

(b) In her request, Sandy also did not ask for the residual assets to be
distributed to her if the Three Companies and Ken Precision were wound up.
However, in her AEIC, she claimed that she asked “that the 6 Companies … be
shut them (sic) down (and for their residual assets to be distributed to
[her])”. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 167.

In my view, Sandy’s evidence in her AEIC about distribution of residual assets
was an afterthought. Her request to Sam speaks for itself. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

2 AB 24.

In fact, in her oral testimony, Sandy also confirmed that she did not make any
demands in relation to the Three Companies. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

NE, 6 July 2022, at 40:1–10 and 48:10–23.

Further, Sandy’s claim in her AEIC referred to the residual assets of the “6
Companies”, which included TL Precision and SH Precision. This is inconsistent
with her own admission that she held the shares in TL Precision and SH
Precision on trust for Sam. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

NE, 6 July 2022, at 5:12–6:21.

On the stand, Sandy explained that the demand for distribution of residual
assets was in relation to only the Three Companies and Ken Precision. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NE, 6 July 2022, at 50:10–14.

Nevertheless, the fact that Sandy’s evidence is filled with inconsistencies
only shows a lack of credibility in her evidence.

(c) Pursuant to Sandy’s request, Liang Jian transferred his shares in Ken
Precision to Sam, and Sandy transferred her shares in TL Precision and SH
Precision to Sam. Sandy’s shares in the Three Companies were not transferred
only because doing so would cause these companies to lose certain benefits
that they had under the PIC Scheme (see [29] above). 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Sam’s AEIC, at paras 164–166.

Sandy admits that she was not prepared to pay S$300,000 (which she claims Sam
asked for) as compensation for the losses that would be incurred if her shares
were transferred to someone else. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at paras 169–170.

It is clear that but for the issue relating to the PIC Scheme, Sandy would
have had no hesitation in transferring her shares in the Three Companies to
Sam or his nominee.

(d) Sandy claims that she asked for the shares in the Three Companies, Ken
Precision, TL Precision and SH Precision to be transferred because she was
concerned about being implicated in the manner in which Sam had managed these
companies, and because Liang Jian was a civil servant in China and was not
allowed to hold assets overseas. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 166.

Even if this were true, it does not explain why she did not ask (in her
request to Sam) for payment for her shares or distribution of the residual
assets if the companies were wound up instead. The fact that she did not do so
is evidence that she did not consider herself as the beneficial owner of the
shares.

(e) In any event, in my view, Sandy’s claim that she wanted to exit the
companies because of her concern over Sam’s management is an afterthought.
Sandy chose to remain as the shareholder in the Three Companies instead of
paying the compensation of S$300,000 that she says Sam demanded. If she was
truly concerned over Sam’s management, the compensation amount of S$300,000
should not have stopped her from exiting these companies. The total retained
earnings in the Three Companies as at 31 December 2017 exceeded S$5m. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

3 AB 119, 256 and 373; NE, 6 July 2022, at 43:20–22 and 44:2–10.

In addition, these companies had substantial receivables owing to them by
Yangbum. Sandy admitted that she knew these three companies made a lot of
money. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

NE, 6 July 2022, at 43:23–24.

If she had truly wanted to exit these companies because of her concern about
being implicated by Sam’s conduct, one would have expected her to have asked
to set-off the compensation against part of (or even the full amount of) the
moneys in these companies that were due to her (since she claimed to be the
beneficial owner). It is telling that she did not do so. Neither did she ask
Sam to indemnify her against any losses that she might suffer by remaining a
shareholder of these companies. Her only reason as to why she remained the
shareholder was that she was not prepared to pay the sum of S$300,000 as
compensation for the losses that would be incurred if her shares were
transferred.

(f) After she was taken through the financial positions of the companies,
Sandy changed her evidence and claimed that (i) she could not bear to give up
the Three Companies because Yangbum owed these companies a lot of money, and
(ii) her concern was not so great since she remained the shareholder in only
three companies. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

NE, 6 July 2022, at 45:24–46:7.

In my judgment, Sandy’s reason as to why she did not exit the companies was
yet another fabrication by her. It is clear from her AEIC and her earlier
evidence on the stand that the only reason why she remained the shareholder in
these three companies was her unwillingness to pay the compensation that Sam
asked for.

183 Sixth, the Deed of Settlement and the consent orders in the IJ (both made
in 2014) do not mention the shares in the Three Companies (and Ken Precision).
Just as this omission is evidence that the shares in the Three Companies were
not held on trust for Sam (see [172] above), it is also evidence that Sandy
did not own the beneficial interests in these shares.

184 Sandy has raised two other points in support of her case. First, she says
that she issued a cheque as payment for the capital of the Three Companies and
Ken Precision. However, as Sam points out, the cheque was drawn on the OCBC
Joint Account; 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 90.

the funds in the account did not belong to Sandy alone. Second, she makes the
point that whilst she received dividends from the Three Companies and Ken
Precision, she did not receive any dividends from TL Precision and SH
Precision. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Sandy’s AEIC, at para 157.

However, I note that Yangbum, the Three Companies and Ken Precision also did
not declare dividends for several years after they were incorporated. TL
Precision and SH Precision were incorporated only in late 2016. More
importantly, Sam was not cross-examined on this point. In my view, against the
totality of the evidence, these two points do not prove Sandy’s case.

185 In my judgment, what the evidence shows is that when the Three Companies
and Ken Precision were incorporated, it was not intended that Sandy would own
the beneficial interests (whether directly or through Liang Jian/LQL) in these
companies. However, Sam and Sandy did not discuss who the beneficial owner of
these shares was. This is also consistent with Sandy’s evidence that there was
no discussion about the beneficial ownership of the shares in TL Precision and
SH Precision. Had they thought about the question of beneficial ownership,
they may well have agreed that Yangbum should be the beneficial owner of the
shares in all six subcontractor companies; it would have been the most logical
choice. However, I need say no more on this since the pleaded case is that
Sandy held the shares in the Three Companies on trust for Sam and for his sole
benefit. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) in S 345 (“S 345 SOC”), at para 9.

Whether Sandy acted in breach of trust

186 Sam’s case is that Sandy exercised her rights as legal shareholder of the
Three Companies in breach of trust by:

(a) appointing herself and Zhang as directors of the Three Companies on 12
March 2020 without Sam’s consent;

(b) calling for directors’ meetings of the Three Companies via notices issued
on 19 and 20 March 2020 without Sam’s consent;

(c) passing directors’ resolutions at the directors’ meetings of the Three
Companies without Sam’s consent; and

(d) passing special resolutions at the EGMs of the Three Companies on 30 March
2020 to put them into member’s voluntary liquidation without Sam’s consent.

187 Sam’s case rests on his assertion that Sandy holds the shares in the Three
Companies on trust for him. I have found that Sam has failed to prove the
alleged trust. Accordingly, Sam’s claim against Sandy for breach of trust must
fail.

Whether Zhang dishonestly assisted Sandy in her breaches of trust

188 The elements of a claim in dishonest assistance are: (a) the existence of
a trust; (b) a breach of that trust; (c) assistance rendered by the third
party towards the breach; and (d) a finding that the assistance rendered by
the third party was dishonest: George Raymond Zage III and another v Ho Chi
Kwong and another [2010] 2 SLR 589 at [20].

189 As Sam’s claim against Sandy for breach of trust fails, it follows that
Sam’s claim against Zhang for dishonest assistance also fails.

Whether Sandy and Zhang conspired to injure Sam

190 The elements to constitute unlawful and lawful means conspiracy are as
follows:

(a) A combination of two or more persons and an agreement between and amongst
them to do certain acts.

(b) If the conspiracy involves lawful acts, then the predominant purpose of
the conspirators must be to cause damage or injury to the plaintiff. However,
if the conspiracy involves unlawful means, then such predominant intention is
not required; an intention to cause harm to the plaintiff should suffice.

(c) The acts must actually be performed in furtherance of the agreement.

(d) Damage must be suffered by the plaintiff.

See, Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd and others and another appeal
[2015] 2 SLR 686 at [150].

191 Claims for conspiracy to injure are commonly pleaded, often as secondary
claims and sometimes simply as claims thrown in for good measure. Many such
conspiracy claims tend to be pleaded simply by making general cross-references
to facts that have been pleaded in support of the primary claims, without any
attempt to state which are the facts that are relied upon to satisfy each of
the elements of the tort. This is a practice that should not be followed. The
court, and the defendant to the conspiracy claim, should not have to second
guess the plaintiff with respect to how his conspiracy claim is framed. In
addition, it is not unusual to find that the facts (pleaded in support of the
primary claims) do not actually support the intended conspiracy claim. The
present case is no different.

192 In my judgment, Sam’s conspiracy claims fail because he is not able to
even prove an agreement between Zhang and Sandy to injure him.

193 In his closing submissions, Sam submits that Zhang agreed to participate
in Sandy’s scheme (to liquidate the Three Companies) during a meeting on 10
March 2020. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Sam’s Closing Submissions, at para 191.

It is clear that this submission cannot succeed.

194 First, this is not Sam’s pleaded case; this alone is fatal to Sam’s case.
Sam’s Statement of Claim in S 345 does not plead an agreement reached between
Zhang and Sandy on 10 March 2020 to injure Sam by liquidating the Three
Companies. Sam pleads his lawful and unlawful means conspiracy claims with
cross-references to paras 28 and 29 of his Statement of Claim in S 345 for the
facts supporting the claims. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

S 345 SOC, at paras 32 and 33.

195 Paragraph 28 alleges that Sandy “engaged in a course of conduct calculated
to injure [Sam], Yangbum, and the [Three Companies, Ken Precision, SH
Precision and TL Precision]” but many of the particulars of such course of
conduct refer to acts that took place before 10 March 2020. Paragraph 28 does
not mention any agreement between Sandy and Zhang to injure Sam by liquidating
the Three Companies, much less that such an agreement took place on 10 March
2020.

196 Paragraph 28(y2) of the Statement of Claim states as follows:

y2 By virtue of the matters pleaded at [3c], [7] – [9] above, and in this
[28], [Sandy] and [Zhang] were aware that [Sam] beneficially owned [the Three
Companies], and caused the companies to be placed in members’ voluntary
liquidation with the intention to injure and/or cause loss to [Sam].

197 However, para 28(y2) merely pleads the acts that were performed and falls
short of pleading the agreement, including when the agreement took place.
Further, the resolutions to wind up the companies were passed on 12 March
2020, not 10 March 2020. The references to paras 3(c) and 7–9 of the Statement
of Claim do not assist Sam either. They are referred to in support of the
assertion that Sandy and Zhang were aware of Sam’s beneficial interests in the
companies, and the contents of these paragraphs have nothing to do with the
alleged agreement to injure Sam by liquidating the companies.

198 As for para 29, that merely sets out the duties that Sandy is said to owe
to Sam as trustee of the shares in Ace Class, Apex Precision and QL Precision.

199 Second, Sam’s submission that Zhang agreed to participate in Sandy’s
scheme on 10 March 2020 is not supported by any evidence. Sam relies on
Sandy’s evidence in para 178 of her AEIC. However, para 178 of Sandy’s AEIC
refers to a meeting on 10 March 2020 between Sandy and Mr Lau Chin Huat
(“Lau”) and Mr Yeo Boon Keong (“Yeo”) of Technic Inter-Asia Pte Ltd. Lau and
Yeo were eventually appointed as joint and several liquidators of the three
companies. Zhang was not involved in that meeting.

200 I would add that Sam’s unlawful means conspiracy claim also fails for a
separate reason. Sam’s unlawful means conspiracy claim rests on the premise
that the actions to liquidate the Three Companies were unlawful because Sandy
was acting in breach of trust. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Sam’s Closing Submissions, at para 191.

This premise has not been established since Sam has failed in his claim for
breach of trust.

201 There is no need for me to deal with the other elements of a conspiracy
claim.

202 I would add that it does appear that Sandy set out on a deliberate course
of conduct to try and force Sam to buy her out:

(a) During cross-examination, Sandy admitted that in November 2019, she sought
advice from her tarot master on the strategy for the legal campaign that she
was about to commence against Sam, and that her objective was to sell her
shares in Yangbum or force Sam to buy her out at between S$25m and S$35m. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 15:6–10 and 16:13–18.

She had asked a Yangbum employee to help her type out a list of points for her
consultation with her tarot master. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Koo Choon Liang’s AEIC, at para 20; 1 AB 553.

(b) On 24 February 2020, Sandy started her legal campaign 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

NE, 30 June 2022, at 17:5–10.

against Sam by filing FC/SUM 550 to vary para 3(d)(1) of the IJ (see [37]
above).

(c) The next day (25 February 2020), Sandy issued a Statutory Demand against
Sam for purported non-payment of S$5.6m under the IJ plus interest (see [39]
above).

(d) On 2 March 2020, Sandy filed MSS 719 for payment of alleged arrears of
maintenance for the children (see [42] above), and her lawyers issued letters
to Yangbum’s banks alleging that Sam had forged her signatures on cheques and
that Sam may have diverted dividends to himself or falsified Yangbum’s records
to create the impression that the dividends were paid to Sandy (see [43]
above).

(e) On 9 March 2020, Sandy’s then lawyers wrote to the Three Companies
requesting certain documents and gave the companies seven days to respond. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

1 AB 145–150.

However, before the deadline had passed, on 12 March 2020, she appointed
herself and Zhang as directors of the Three Companies without the knowledge of
Sam or the other directors of the companies (see [44] above).

(f) On 18 March 2020, she turned up at Yangbum’s office to demand the
financial records of the Three Companies (see [45] above).

(g) On 20 March 2020, she issued notices of directors’ meetings of the Three
Companies to be held on 27 March 2020 to (among other things) convene
Extraordinary General Meetings (“EGMs”) for each of the companies for the
purpose of passing special resolutions to wind up the companies (see [46]
above).

(h) On 25 March 2020, she commenced S 275.

(i) On 27 March 2020, the directors’ meetings of the Three Companies were held
with Sandy and Zhang in attendance; the resolutions to convene EGMs to wind up
the companies were passed (see [48] above).

(j) On 30 March 2020, the EGMs of the Three Companies were held (with Sandy’s
consent to the holding of the EGMs without full notice) and the requisite
resolutions to wind up the companies were passed (see [49] above).

Nevertheless, the above does not assist Sam in his conspiracy claims.

Whether the S$188,000 Withdrawal was wrongful

203 It is not disputed that on 24 February 2020, Sandy made the S$188,000
Withdrawal without Sam’s knowledge or consent. Sam’s case is as follows:

(a) Pursuant to para 3(d)(1) of the IJ, Sandy was to relinquish her interests
in all bank joint accounts upon Sam paying Sandy the sum of S$9.3m as her
share of the matrimonial assets.

(b) Sam had discharged his obligation under para 3(d)(1) of the IJ. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

S 345 SOC, at para 25.

(c) The S$188,000 Withdrawal was therefore in breach of Sandy’s obligation
under the IJ to relinquish her interests in their joint accounts. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

S 345 SOC, at para 28(j).

204 Paragraph 3(d)(1) of the IJ states as follows:

d. 1) The matrimonial assets are to be divided equally between [Sandy] and
[Sam] on a 50%:50% basis. The parties agree that [Sam] will pay [Sandy] a sum
of $9.3million as her share of the matrimonial assets of which a sum of
$3.7million has already been paid. The balance sum of $5.6million will be paid
within the period of 2 years from 3rd April 2014. Upon payment of a sum of
$9.3million, [Sandy] will relinquish her interests in all bank joint accounts
held by the parties.

205 Sandy’s submits that she was entitled to make the S$188,000 Withdrawal
because Sam had not paid her the full amount of S$9.3m. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Sandy’s Closing Submissions, at para 204.

206 The question therefore is whether Sam had paid Sandy the full amount of
S$9.3m pursuant to para 3(1)(d) of the IJ before Sandy made the S$188,000
Withdrawal. It appears to be common ground that if Sam had done so, then Sandy
was not entitled to make the withdrawal. In her closing submissions, Sandy
does not dispute the fact that under para 3(d)(1) of the IJ, she was to
relinquish her interests in all bank accounts in Sam’s and her names once Sam
had paid her the full amount of S$9.3m.

Whether Sam had paid Sandy S$9.3m pursuant to para 3(d)(1) of the IJ

207 Sam’s case is as follows:

(a) Sandy knew that his only source of funds was Yangbum’s business (carried
out through Yangbum, the Three Companies and Ken Precision). 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

S 345 SOC, at para 23.

(b) The agreement and/or understanding between them was that the sum of S$9.3m
would be paid to her in the form of dividends from Yangbum, the Three
Companies and Ken Precision (the “Payment by Dividends Agreement”). 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

S 345 SOC, at para 24; Sam’s AEIC, at paras 105–106.

In short, Sandy was to receive S$9.3m more dividends than Sam.

(c) By about June 2017, Sam had completed payment of the sum of S$9.3m to
Sandy. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

S 345 SOC, at para 25.

208 Sandy denies the Payment by Dividends Agreement. Further, Sandy disputes
having been paid S$9.3m more dividends than Sam.

Whether Sam has proved the Payment by Dividends Agreement

209 Sam relies on the following evidence as proof of the Payment by Dividends
Agreement:

(a) Sandy received US$1.5m (by way of a cheque dated 24 October 2013) as
dividends from Yangbum; the Singapore dollar equivalent was S$1,884,750. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

3 AB 610–611.

This payment is also reflected in the Dividends Journal. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

4 AB 471.

In the Deed of Settlement (signed on 3 April 2014), a rounded-up amount of
S$1.9m in Sandy’s own bank account was treated as payment toward the S$9.3m.
241

##### Foot Note 241

×

5 AB 101–103, at 102 (cl 10).

In an affidavit filed in D 2222, Sandy admitted that the amount of S$1.9m
referred to in the Deed of Settlement reflected the payment of US$1.5m. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

3 BCP 653 (at para 16).

(b) Subsequently, Sandy received US$1.67m (by way of a cheque dated 9 April
2014) as dividends from Yangbum; the Singapore dollar equivalent was
S$2,105,035. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

3 AB 612–613.

This, too, was recorded in the Dividends Journal. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

4 AB 473.

(c) The consent order in the IJ (dated 10 July 2014) acknowledged that a sum
of S$3.7m had been paid. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

5 AB 104–105, at para 3(d)(1).

This amount is the aggregate of the two payments referred to above. In the
same affidavit in D 2222, Sandy admitted that the amount of S$3.7m referred to
in para 3(d)(1) of the IJ reflected the two payments of US$1.5m and US$1.67m
referred to above. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

3 BCP 653 (at para 17).

210 I find that Sam has proved the Payment by Dividends Agreement. It is clear
from Sandy’s admissions in her affidavit in D 2222 that she had accepted the
two payments of dividends as payments towards the S$9.3m that Sam had agreed
to pay her. Sandy does not dispute that she knew that the two payments were
being paid as dividends. In any event, she had signed against the entry in the
Dividends Journal for the payment of US$1.67m. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

4 AB 473.

That entry clearly describes the payment as payment of dividends. Sandy’s
denial of the Payment by Dividends Agreement is squarely contradicted by her
own evidence.

211 It is true that the Payment by Dividends Agreement means that the payments
towards the sum of S$9.3m would not have come from Sam’s pocket alone.
Nevertheless, Sandy is completely free to agree to such an arrangement. Sam
explained that because Sandy wanted to receive cash in the division of
matrimonial assets, the payments had to be made in instalments and in the form
of dividends, and Sandy agreed. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Sam’s AEIC, at para 105.

Sam’s evidence was not challenged. The evidence is clear that she did agree to
such an arrangement. Further, Sandy’s evidence during cross-examination was
that she was disputing the payment of S$3.7m because she “subsequently
realised that [Sam] also received dividends in April”. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

NE, 29 June 2022, at 84:12–21.

In other words, Sandy was disputing Sam’s claim that she had been paid S$9.3m
more than him in dividends; it was not a dispute over the existence of the
Payment by Dividends Agreement.

212 Sandy makes an alternative submission that the IJ imposes a personal
obligation on Sam to pay Sandy the S$9.3m and that the IJ supersedes the
Payment by Dividends Agreement. I reject Sandy’s submission. There is no
reason why the Payment by Dividends Agreement cannot exist alongside the IJ.

213 Having proved the Payment by Dividends Agreement, Sam still has to prove
that Sandy did receive S$9.3m more than him in dividends.

Whether Sandy received S$9.3m more than Sam in dividends

214 In her closing submissions, Sandy appears to take the position that the
whole S$9.3m has not been paid to her. This is contrary to her pleaded case in
which she only disputes payment of the sum of S$5.6m. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

1st and 2nd Defendants’ Defence (Amendment No 1) in S 345, at para 31.

Sandy must be bound by her pleadings. That said, the amount unpaid makes no
difference to her defence. Under para 3(d)(1) of the IJ, so long as the sum of
S$9.3m was not paid in full (or at least S$188,000 remained outstanding) when
the S$188,000 Withdrawal was made, Sandy would have no obligation to
relinquish her interest in the OCBC Joint Account.

215 Sam claims that Sandy was paid a total of S$12,691,158 as dividends
whereas Sam was paid a total of S$2,938,936; thus, Sandy received S$9,752,222
more dividends than Sam. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

S 275 Defence, Annex A; Sam’s AEIC, at para 129; Sam’s Closing Submissions,
Appendix 1.

The Dividends Journal supports these payments. 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

See references to entries in the Dividends Journal in Sam’s Closing
Submissions, Appendix 1.

Sandy has disputed three of the payments of S$80,000, S$80,000 and S$81,200.
253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Sam’s Closing Submissions, at para 200 read with Appendix 1. The total amount
of S$158,884.33 in para 200 of Sam’s Closing Submissions is wrong; items 1(b)
and 1(c) in Appendix 1 total S$160,000.

Even if these three payments are excluded, according to Sam, Sandy would have
received S$9,511,022 more dividends than Sam.

216 However, the timeframes used in Sam’s computations are different. Sam’s
computations compare the dividends received by Sandy between October 2013 and
June 2017 against dividends received by Sam between July 2014 and November
2016. The November 2017 Dividends Table prepared by Shuling (see [80(b)]
above) shows that:

(a) In October 2013, Sam received a dividend payment of US$3.2m. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

1 AB 312.

(b) In 2017, Sam received another three payments totalling US$460,343.34. All
three payments were made before June 2017.

217 Sam explained that the US$3.2m shown in the November 2017 Dividends Table
as dividends paid to him in October 2013 included the US$1.5m which was paid
to Sandy. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

NE, 12 July 2022, at 120:23–25; 1 AB 309.

This appears to refer to the US$1.5m that is reflected in the Deed of
Settlement (see [209(a)] above). However, even if that were so, Sam still
received US$1.7m as dividends in October 2013 and this amount was not included
in his computations. Sam does not dispute that US$1.7m was paid to him; this
is also confirmed by the Dividends Journal. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

4 AB 470.

218 When asked why he excluded the US$1.7m in his computations, Sam first said
that the amount “went into the joint account”, then that it went “into the
pool”, then again that it “went into the joint account”. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

NE 12 July 2022, at 121:5–22.

Neither answer explains why the US$1.7m should be excluded from his
computations. The question is simply whether Sandy had received S$9.3m more
dividends than Sam before Sandy made the S$188,000 Withdrawal. What Sam or
Sandy chose to do with the dividends paid to each of them was irrelevant for
this purpose. In my view, it is illogical to include the US$1.5m paid to Sandy
but exclude the US$1.7m paid to Sam in Sam’s computation. Eventually, Sam
admitted that he did not include the dividends paid to him in 2013 in his
computations because “he did not think about it” and that he “perceived it in
a different manner”. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

NE, 12 July 2022, at 124:19–125:5.

219 As for the payments to Sam in 2017 (shown in the November 2017 Dividends
Table), 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

1 AB 312.

Sam explained that a payment of US$353,581.78 was for his M&E Fee (S$500,000)
and a payment of US$71,174.37 was payment of his director’s fee (S$100,000);
Sam could not recall what the third payment of US$35,587.19 (S$50,000) was
for.

220 The only conclusion I can draw is that Sam had made his computations in a
selective manner to achieve the result that he wanted. Including the US$1.7m
paid to Sam in October 2013 in the computations would mean that Sam has not
paid Sandy the S$9.3m in full.

221 In my judgment, Sam has failed to prove that Sandy had received S$9.3m
more than him in dividends before Sandy made the S$188,000 Withdrawal.
Accordingly, Sandy had no obligation to relinquish her interest in the OCBC
Joint Account. Since Sandy had unrestricted access to the OCBC Joint Account,
the S$188,000 Withdrawal was not wrongful.

Conclusion on Sam’s claims in S 345

222 In S 345, Sam seeks the following orders:

(a) A declaration that Sandy holds the shares in the Three Companies on trust
for Sam, and an order that Sandy transfers the shares to Sam.

(b) Against Sandy and Zhang: damages / equitable compensation pursuant to
Sandy’s breach of trust and Zhang’s dishonest assistance, and damages pursuant
to the tort of conspiracy.

(c) That Sandy pays S$188,000.

223 In summary, my findings in respect of Sam’s claims in S 345 are as
follows:

(a) Sandy does not hold the shares in the Three Companies on trust for Sam
(see [171] above). Accordingly, Sam’s claims against Sandy for breach of trust
and against Zhang for dishonest assistance fail (see [187] and [189] above).

(b) The S$188,000 Withdrawal was not wrongful (see [221] above).

224 In the circumstances, I dismiss all of Sam’s claims in S 345.

Conclusion

225 For the above reasons, the claims in S 275 and S 345 are dismissed. Each
party is to pay its own costs, except that:

(a) Sandy is to pay Yangbum costs in respect of her claims in S 275 for an
account of dividends and for reinstatement as a joint signatory to Yangbum’s
bank accounts, fixed at S$20,000 inclusive of disbursements; and

(b) Sam is to pay Zhang his costs in respect of S 345, fixed at S$30,000
inclusive of disbursements.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Thio Shen Yi SC, Kelvin Koh, Eugene Neo, and Nguyen Vu Lan (TSMP Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff in S 275 and the first and second defendants in
S 345;

Harish Kumar, Tng Sheng Rong, Marissa Zhao, and Low Weng Hong (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the first defendant in S 275 and the plaintiff in S 345;

Jordan Tan and Victor Leong (Audent Chambers LLC) (instructed), Simren Kaur
Sandhu and Jonas Wong (PRP Law LLC) for the second defendant in S 275;

Michael Palmer, Keith Lim, and Wu Siyue (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the third
to fifth defendants in S 345.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Mar 2023 (15:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

