Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 46

Originating Application No 312 of 2022 (Registrar’s Appeal No 353 of 2022)

Between

Wan Sern Metal Industries Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Hua Tian Engineering Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Building and Construction Law — Dispute resolution — Adjudication — Stay of
enforcement of adjudication determination]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wan Sern Metal Industries Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Hua Tian Engineering Pte Ltd

  

[2023] SGHC 46

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 312 of 2022
(Registrar’s Appeal No 353 of 2022)  
Kwek Mean Luck J  
18 January 2023

27 February 2023

Kwek Mean Luck J:

Introduction

1 In the hearing below, Wan Sern Metal Industries Pte Ltd (“WS”) applied to
stay the enforcement of the Adjudication Determination (“AD”) which was
awarded in favour of Hua Tian Engineering Pte. Ltd. (“HT”). The Assistant
Registrar (“AR”) heard and dismissed WS’s application. WS appealed against the
AR’s decision.

2 The applicable legal principles are well-established and were not disputed
by the parties. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions for HC/RA 353/2022 dated 11 January 2023
(“Appellant’s Written Submissions”) at paras 12; Respondent’s Written
Submissions for HC/RA 353/2022 dated 13 January 2023 (“Respondent’s Written
Submissions”) at paras 9-10.

A stay of the enforcement of an adjudication determination may ordinarily be
justified where (W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR
380 (“W Y Steel”) at [70] and CEQ v CER [2020] SGHC 192 (“CEQ”) at [9]) ("the
W Y Steel test”):

(a) there is clear and objective evidence of the successful claimant’s actual
present insolvency; or

(b) the court is satisfied on a balance of probabilities that, if the stay
were not granted, the money paid to the claimant would not ultimately be
recovered if the dispute were resolved in the respondent’s favour.

3 WS’s appeal was based on the above two limbs of W Y Steel and on an
additional novel ground that the court may stay the enforcement of the AD on
the basis that enforcement would push WS into liquidation.

4 In respect of the first issue, I examined the financial documents provided
by HT and found that there is no clear and objective evidence of HT’s actual
present insolvency. In respect of the second issue, I was not satisfied on the
evidence that, on a balance of probabilities, the money paid to HT would not
ultimately be recovered if the dispute was resolved in WS’s favour and the
stay were not granted. In respect of the third issue, I found that there was
no legal or evidential basis for WS’s submission that there should be a stay
because the enforcement of the AD would push WS into liquidation. I hence
dismissed WS’s appeal. I set out the reasons for my decision in full below.

Facts

The parties

5 WS was a sub-contractor who engaged HT as its sub-contractor to do works for
a property development project.

Background to the dispute

6 HT alleged that, after performing its contractual obligations, WS failed to
pay HT for the works done. On 18 May 2022, HT lodged an Adjudication
Application against WS pursuant to s 13 of the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Act 2004 (2020 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”). On 14 June 2022,
the Adjudicator issued the AD in favour of HT, for WS to pay HT $616,670.80
(inclusive of GST). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Chen Hua’s affidavit dated 5 July 2022 at p 13.

7 WS was dissatisfied with the AD and commenced arbitration against HT with
the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“the SIAC”) on 28 June 2022. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Appellant’s Written Submission at para 10; Chua Ngeok Yin’s affidavit dated 14
September 2022 (“Chua Ngeok Yin’s affidavit”) at p 201.

Procedural history

8 HT filed an originating application seeking leave to enforce the AD as a
judgment or order of the court pursuant to s 27 of the SOPA. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Originating Application (HC/OA 312/2022) filed on 8 July 2022 at para 1.1.

The AR made an order in terms to, inter alia, enforce the AD as an order of
court. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Registrar’s Directions dated 12 July 2022.

On 18 August 2022, HT applied to court for an enforcement order to attach a
debt due to WS from DBS Bank. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Summons for Enforcement Order (HC/EO 17/2022) filed 18 August 2022.

The AR issued the enforcement order on 22 August 2022. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Enforcement Order (HC/ORC 4451/2022) dated 22 August 2022.

On 14 September 2022, WS applied to court for a stay of the enforcement of the
AD pending the disposal of the proceedings in the SIAC. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Summons for Stay of Enforcement of a Judgment or Order (HC/SUM 3416/2022)
filed 22 September 2022.

The AR dismissed the application for stay and ordered costs to the applicant
fixed at $8,000. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Certified Transcript (HC/SUM 3416/2022) dated 23 November 2022 at paras 4 and
9, and p 8.

WS appealed against the AR’s decision in relation to the stay application and
costs. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Notice of Appeal to a Judge of High Court in Chambers (HC/RA 353/2022) at para
1.

Issues to be determined

9 Three issues arose on appeal based on WS’s submissions:

(a) whether there was clear and objective evidence of HT’s actual present
insolvency;

(b) whether, on a balance of probabilities, WS would not be able to ultimately
recover the moneys paid to HT if the stay were not granted and the dispute is
resolved in WS’s favour; and

(c) whether the court should grant a stay of the enforcement of the AD on the
ground that payment of the adjudicated amount would cause WS to enter into
liquidation.

Issue 1: Whether there was actual present insolvency

10 First, WS submitted that HT was presently insolvent. WS cited Sun Electric
Power Pte Ltd v RCMA Asia Pte Ltd [2021] 2 SLR 478 (“Sun Electric”) at [56]
and [65] as the authority that the sole and determinative test for insolvency
should be the “cash flow test.” 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions at para 24.

This test “assesses whether the company’s current assets exceed its current
liabilities such that it is able to meet all debts as and when they fall due”
(at [65]). The court held at [65] that “current assets” and “current
liabilities” refer to “assets which will be realisable and debts which fall
due within 12-month timeframe.” Notwithstanding, the court also held at [67]
that the timeframe for assessing the current assets and liabilities of a
company “should not be set too rigidly, but should be sufficiently flexible to
take into account debt and income which would be due in the reasonably near
future to avoid absurd and illogical outcomes.”

11 I note that the Court of Appeal (“CA”) in Sun Electric held at [56] and
[65] that the cash flow test is the sole applicable test for insolvency “under
s 254(2)(c) of the Companies Act [(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)]" [emphasis added]
(equivalent to s 125(2)(c) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) ("IRDA”)). The CA did not consider whether the cash
flow test is the sole test of insolvency in other situations. Nevertheless, I
consider that the “cash flow test” could also apply to the W Y Steel test in
relation to whether there is “actual present insolvency.” This would provide
consistency in the law. WS and HT did not dispute the application of the “cash
flow test” to the W Y Steel test and HT made no submissions on this point.
Their submissions focused instead on the evidence for insolvency.

12 Referencing HT’s Financial Statement for the period ending 31 December 2021
(“FS 2021”), 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Chen Hua’s affidavit dated 3 October 2022 at p 17.

WS highlighted that HT’s total assets amounted to $322,607 and its total
liabilities amounted to $136,987. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions at para 22(a).

However, $238,694 of those total assets were trade receivables. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions at para 22(a); Chen Hua’s affidavit dated 3
October 2022 at p 17.

WS asserted that HT had not provided, and refused to provide, details of those
trade receivables or information showing that those receivables could be
collected and/or liquidated. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions at para 22(b) and (d).

If those receivables could not be collected or liquidated, HT’s total
liabilities would exceed its total assets (as at 31 December 2021) and thus HT
was presently insolvent. WS also claimed that HT had not provided an updated
financial statement for the year ending 31 December 2022. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions at para 22(c).

13 In response to WS’s submission, HT filed five affidavits through its
Director, Chen Hua, to show that it was solvent. These affidavits included
HT’s Director’s Statement and the FS 2021, which stated that HT was asset and
cashflow positive at the end of the financial years ending 2020 and 2021. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Chen Hua’s affidavit dated 3 October 2022 at pp 17 and 20.

It should be noted that the FS 2021 showed that, contrary to WS’s submission,
HT’s total assets for FY2021 was $397,668 (as opposed to $322,607, as
submitted by WS). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Chen Hua’s affidavit dated 3 October 2022 at p 17.

The effect of this was that, even if the trade receivables stated in the FS
2021 could not be collected or liquidated, HT’s total assets still exceeded
its total liabilities as at 31 December 2021.

14 In relation to WS’s submission that HT had not provided an updated
financial statement, I asked counsel for HT to confirm when the Financial
Statement for the period ending 31 December 2022 would be ready. Counsel for
HT informed the court that this Financial Statement was still in the
preparatory stage and was likely to be ready around March 2023. The FS 2021
was also ready around the same period of the next year, in March 2022. Hence,
FS 2021 was the latest available financial statement that HT could provide, as
of the hearing date on 18 January 2023.

15 In any event, HT did not only adduce FS 2021. HT also provided other
financial documents to show that it had made regular payments to its staff,
had ongoing projects, and had liquidity in its daily accounts, over the course
of 2022. These included:

(a) records of HT’s timely payments of its employees’ CPF contributions and
foreign worker levies for the months of June to September 2022; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Chen Hua’s affidavit dated 3 October 2022 at pp 36-41.

(b) HT’s payslips which showed receipt of salaries by its staff from July to
August 2022, as evidence that its staff were regularly paid; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Chen Hua’s supplemental affidavit dated 28 October 2022 at pp 6-26.

(c) quotations, letters of awards, and payment responses to evidence HT’s
projects during the period February to September 2022. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Chen Hua’s supplemental affidavit dated 28 October 2022 at pp 35-67.

HT had redacted commercially sensitive data regarding project names, as HT and
WS are said to be competitors in the industry. However, the unredacted
documents were provided to and reviewed by the court. These documents
contained certified payment responses from other companies up to late-
September 2022;

(d) HT’s OCBC bank statement as of 17 November 2022 which showed that it had
made payment to one VJF Systems Pte Ltd on 17 November 2022 in the amount of
$34,125.60, and that it had a positive balance of $52,508.40; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Chen Hua’s affidavit dated 21 November 2022 at p 5.

and

(e) HT’s OCBC bank statement which showed its daily statement of accounts from
June to August, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Chen Hua’s affidavit dated 3 October 2022 at pp 43-45.

and November 2022 to show that it was liquid. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Chen Hua’s affidavit dated 21 November 2022 at p 5.

16 In my judgment, contrary to WS’ submission, HT was not a company that had
acted evasively in proving its viability as a company or had chosen to remain
silent. In CEQ, the respondent refused to produce positive evidence of its
bank account and relevant transactions before the court, despite being given
ample opportunities to do so. The court in CEQ thus found that the respondent
acted evasively at every turn in proving its viability as a company and hence
failed to convince the court on this point. This stands in stark contrast to
the present case, where HT had provided relevant financial statements and
other financial documents, as set out at [13]-[15] above, including updated
financial documents requested by the AR.

17 Ultimately, WS was unable to point to anything from the financial documents
before it to indicate that HT was insolvent or why, despite the financial
documents, HT should nevertheless be regarded as insolvent. On the evidence
before the court as set out in the preceding paragraphs, I agreed with the AR
that HT was presently solvent.

Issue 2: Whether there was a likelihood of recovery of moneys

18 Second, WS submitted that, if the stay were not granted, there would be no
likelihood of future recovery of the moneys paid pursuant to the AD from HT,
if the dispute was ultimately resolved in WS’s favour as: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions at para 31.

(a) HT had a relatively low amount of cash in its bank account;

(b) HT’s paid-up capital of S$150,000 was low;

(c) the bulk of HT’s assets for FY2021 were trade receivables, which HT
provided no details of;

(d) the documents produced by HT on its projects did not show whether HT had
any live and/or substantial projects, when the projects had to be completed
by, if they were completed, or if HT was paid;

(e) the nature of the work also appears unsubstantial, e.g. installation of
aluminium screens rather than whole construction projects;

(f) HT had an extraordinarily “slim” workforce;

(g) HT’s office was rented rather than owned; and

(h) if the dispute was resolved in WS’s favour, HT could easily close its
business.

19 I did not find that the factors highlighted by WS proved that, on a balance
of probabilities, moneys paid to HT would not ultimately be recovered if the
stay were not granted and the dispute was resolved in WS’ favour.

20 In relation to [18(a)–(b)] above, HT’s allegedly low paid-up capital of
$150,000 and relatively low bank balance did not, in themselves, indicate that
there was a risk of non-recovery. There had been no sharp decline in HT’s
financial position that suggested that the low bank balance indicated that HT
was in some form of financial trouble. Fundamentally, HT’s net assets and
cashflow FY2021 were positive, as indicated in its Financial Statements. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Chen Hua’s affidavit dated 3 October 2022 at pp 17 and 20.

21 Second, in relation to [18(c)–(e)] above, WS was not able to point to any
part of the financial documents provided by HT to suggest that HT had cashflow
problems, previous problems with its trade receivables, or that there was
specific cause for concern over the recoverability of HT’s trade receivables.
As mentioned above, I reviewed the unredacted project documents provided by HT
and was satisfied that there was sufficient evidence of records of work
awarded and payments due to HT. That the projects involved work such as
installation of aluminium screens rather whole construction projects was
simply a reflection of the nature of HT’s business. The fact that HT was
engaged for only parts of construction projects, rather than the project as a
whole, did not mean that WS could not recover money from HT. It was also
noteworthy that WS was also a sub-contractor for various projects, rather than
being the main contractor.

22 WS had also not satisfactorily explained how the factors set out in
[18(f)–(g)] above were indicative of a risk of non-recovery. Depending on the
nature of the business and its business model, operating on a “slim” workforce
could be said to show prudence and better prospects of viability. The same
could be said of the fact that HT rented its office. The size of a workforce
and/or whether office premises are rented do not, in themselves, speak towards
the likelihood of non-recovery. They are at best neutral factors. Moreover, HT
had adduced evidence to show that their employees were paid regularly. This
thus showed that, although its workforce was “slim,” HT was able to sustain
its workforce and operations.

23 Finally, WS alleged that HT could easily close its business if the dispute
was resolved in WS’s favour. It should be borne in mind that closure of
business brings along other repercussions for the directors and the staff. It
is the likelihood of HT closing its business, rather than the ease, that is
the pertinent question. In the present case, WS had not adduced any evidence
that indicated a likelihood that HT would be unable to pay WS and would choose
instead to close its business.

24 Further, I agreed with the observations of the AR that, unlike the
situations in CEQ and Dongah Geological Engineering Co Ltd v Jungwoo EC Pte
Ltd [2021] SGHC 239 (“Dongah”), no evidence had been produced here pointing to
any possible dissipation of assets or potential liquidation of the company,
multiple changes of directors/shareholders, suggestion of bankruptcy of any of
the officers with a connection to HT, or of key company officers leaving
Singapore with no intention to return. There was therefore nothing to suggest
that HT intended to cease operations, leaving WS with a paper judgment, if the
dispute was ultimately resolved in its favour.

25 Moreover, it was held in W Y Steel at [70] that, in considering whether to
stay the enforcement of an adjudication determination, a court may “properly
consider whether the claimant’s financial distress was, to a significant
degree, caused by the respondent’s failure to pay the adjudicated amount and,
also, whether the claimant was already in a similar state of financial
strength or weakness (as the case may be) at the time the parties entered into
their contract.” In this case, the adjudicated amount withheld by WS from HT
amounted to around $643,923.38, based on HT’s submissions. As evidenced by the
financial documents it had produced, HT was not presently in financial
distress. While there was nothing that showed whether HT’s financial position
had weakened compared to when the parties entered into their contract, any
weakening of HT’s financial position could certainly be attributed, at least
in part, to WS’s failure to pay the adjudicated amount.

26 Based on the evidence adduced, nothing suggested that WS would be unable to
recover the moneys paid to HT pursuant to the AD if the stay were not granted
and the dispute was resolved in WS’s favour. I therefore found that a stay
should not be granted on this ground.

Issue 3: Whether enforcement would push WS into liquidation

27 Third, WS sought a stay on the ground that enforcement of the AD would push
it into liquidation, given its weak financial position. It submitted that
payment pursuant to the AD would defeat the purpose of the SOPA regime, which
the court in W Y Steel described at [20] as “pay now, argue later.” WS
submitted that if payment now rendered WS insolvent, it would not be able to
“argue later.”

28 Firstly, there was no legal basis for WS’s submission. In my view, WS’s
submission completely misinterpreted W Y Steel and attempted to use it for a
proposition which W Y Steel did not put forth. The phrase cited by WS related
to the need for an expeditious regime under SOPA. As the court in W Y Steel
explained at [20]: “… payments, and therefore cash flow, should not be held up
by counterclaims and claims for set-offs that may prove to be specious at the
end of lengthy and expensive proceedings that have to be undertaken in order
to disentangle the knot of disputed claims and cross-claims.” In Audi
Construction Pte Ltd v Kian Hiap Construction Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 317 (“Audi
Construction”), the CA explained at [1] that the aim of SOPA was to establish
“a fast and low cost adjudication system to resolve payment disputes” (quoting
the Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (16 November 2004), vol
78 at col 1113 (Cedric Foo Chee Keng, Minister of State for National
Development)), in the light of “the need to ensure that contractors and
subcontractors in the construction industry receive timely payments for work
done and materials supplied.”

29 W Y Steel did not establish that, where a party is on the verge of
insolvency, there should be a stay of enforcement of an adjudication
determination. The only two grounds for such a stay were laid out in W Y
Steel, as set out at [2] above.

30 Indeed, as rightly highlighted by HT, if WS did have genuine financial
difficulties, that would equally point to a need to ensure that HT recovered
the adjudicated amount without further delay. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 69 and 74.

31 Second, even if there were such legal basis, there was absolutely no
evidential basis for WS’s submission that payment pursuant to the AD would
push WS into liquidation. At the hearing of the appeal, WS referred to two
documents:

(a) First, WS referred to a cashflow statement, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Chua Ngeok Yin’s affidavit at p 255.

which showed that WS’s cash inflow for July 2022 was $1.014m and its outflow
was $1.073m. However, that same cashflow statement evidenced payments by WS of
$20,000 to its director, $329,681 to its suppliers, and $209,579 in salaries.
It was not evident from this cashflow statement that WS could not adjust such
payments and avoid liquidation, if it made payment to HT for the sums due on
the AD.

(b) WS also referred to a document to show that it is nearing its $1m limit of
an overdraft facility. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Chua Ngeok Yin’s affidavit at p 246.

However, this, in itself, did not show that WS was nearing the limits of its
financing facilities or that it had no other available sources of financing.

32 When it was pointed out that those documents did not show whether WS would
be unable to “argue later” or if WS had other sources of financing, counsel
for WS replied that he had nothing to add on in terms of factual evidence of
insolvency. It was also noteworthy that WS’s reliance on its cash inflow and
outflow to establish that payment pursuant to the AD would render it insolvent
is contrary to WS’s submission that the cash flow test should apply to
determine insolvency for HT. Critically, WS had not provided any evidence on
its current assets or liabilities, or its recent financial position, to show
that it could not pay its debts as and when they fell due.

33 Furthermore, WS had cited, in support of its case, Strategic Construction
Pte Ltd v JH Projects Pte Ltd [2018] 4 SLR 1192 (“Strategic Construction”) at
[19], which stated that, in winding up applications, businesses “that have a
chance of recovery should not be pushed into a state that makes it difficult
for them to recover” (quoting Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Holland Leedon Pte Ltd
[2007] 2 SLR(R) 268 at [82]). In light of this quote in Strategic
Construction, it was not clear on present evidence that WS would be put into
liquidation, even if there was a winding up application, as there would also
be a consideration of whether WS has “a chance of recovery.”

Conclusion

34 For the reasons set out above, in a similar vein to the court’s finding in
W Y Steel at [72], I found that “it [was] evident that [WS] had not met the
high threshold that was required to justify granting a stay of enforcement of
the Adjudication Determination.” The submissions of WS were without merit and
unsupported by the evidence. Granting WS a stay would defeat the purpose of
SOPA, which, as explained in Audi Construction, is to ensure that, in light of
the need for timely payment in the construction industry, there is a fast and
low-cost system to resolve payment disputes. I hence dismissed the appeal.
Finally, I awarded costs to HT in the amount of $8,000 all-in.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ashok Kumar Rai and Yeo Wei Ying Jolyn (Cairnhill Law LLC) for the appellant;

Daniel Tay and Lee Yun Long (Chan Neo LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Feb 2023 (09:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

