Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 101

Originating Application No 624 of 2022

Between

| CYY  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

| CYZ  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Arbitration — Arbitral tribunal — Jurisdiction — Section 10(3)(a)
International Arbitration Act 1994]

[Arbitration — Agreement — Scope — Distinction between jurisdiction and
admissibility]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CYY

  
v

  

CYZ

[2023] SGHC 101

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 624 of 2022  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
21 March 2023

18 April 2023 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 CYY, the claimant in this application, challenges a positive jurisdictional
ruling by an arbitral tribunal (“the Tribunal”) dated 31 August 2022 (“the
Ruling”). Pursuant to s 10(3)(a) of the International Arbitration Act 1994
(2020 Rev Ed) (“IAA”), CYY seeks a declaration that the Tribunal does not have
jurisdiction to hear certain claims brought by CYZ, the respondent.

2 CYY does so, however, only in respect of one of the jurisdictional
objections that it had made before the Tribunal. Its objection is essentially
that the claims made do not fall within the terms, or the scope, of one of the
contractual clauses, because that clause should be interpreted narrowly. That
clause is part of the body of the agreement and records or establishes an
obligation to pay for certain services at a specified mark up. This raises the
question whether it is even an objection that goes to jurisdiction rather than
the merits.

Facts

Background to the dispute

3 The parties, CYY and CYZ, are companies involved in the marine salvage
industry. CYZ, the respondent, is the owner of a crane barge (“the Crane
Barge”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at para 12.

For readability, I will refer to CYY as “the Charterer” and CYZ as “the
Owner”, their respective positions in relation to the Crane Barge.

4 On 24 December 2019, the Charterer was engaged to provide urgent salvage
services in respect of a vessel (“the Casualty”) which had run aground (“the
Salvage Operation”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at para 13.

The Charterer immediately appointed a salvage master to oversee the Salvage
Operation, who I shall refer to as Mr X. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr X] dated 24 October 2022 at para 3.

The Charterer and Mr X share a long working history, as the Charterer had
previously hired Mr X as their salvage master on “many salvage cases”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

2nd Affidavit of [CYY] dated 18 January 2023 at para 7.

5 That same day, Mr X, on behalf of the Charterer, contacted the Owner to
charter the Crane Barge. The Owner was represented by its managing director,
who I shall refer to as Mr Y. Unlike the Charterer, the Owner is physically
established in the region of the Salvage Operation. Mr X specifically sought
to hire the Crane Barge as it was purpose-built and uniquely equipped to
assist with the Salvage Operation. Mr X also had prior experience working with
the Crane Barge. As the salvage site was offshore, the Crane Barge was to
serve as an offshore command centre for the Salvage Operation, hosting salvage
personnel, equipment, and cargo. Given the urgency of the Salvage Operation,
this course of action was determined to be more pragmatic than the alternative
of repeatedly ferrying salvage personnel to and from the closest port. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr X] dated 24 October 2022 at paras 5–6; 1st Affidavit of
[Mr Y] dated 9 November 2022 at paras 8–9, 12.

6 On 26 December 2019, Mr X provided the Owner with a preliminary list of
equipment and personnel required to enable the Crane Barge to carry out its
role as the offshore command centre of the Salvage Operation. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr Y] dated 9 November 2022 at para 10.

Given the complexity of the Salvage Operation, the Owner had to procure
various permits from regional authorities, hire professional salvage
specialists, logistical support staff and equipment, and arrange for visas,
supplies and accommodation for personnel. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr Y] dated 9 November 2022 at para 10; 1st Affidavit of [Mr
X] dated 24 October 2022 at para 7.

The list of requirements was gradually expanded as the Salvage Operation
progressed.

7 Thereafter, the Charterer and the Owner entered into an agreement to charter
the Crane Barge dated 3 January 2020 (“the Contract”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at para 14.

The parties used the Baltic and International Maritime Council Supplytime 2017
Contract for the Time Charter Party for Offshore Support Vessels (“BIMCO
Supplytime 2017”), a standard form contract used for the hire of offshore
support vessels. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at paras 14 and 16; 1st
Affidavit of [Mr Z] dated 24 January 2023 at para 23.

The Contract

8 The Contract is expressly governed by Singapore law and contains an
arbitration clause naming Singapore as the seat of arbitration. The
arbitration clause, cl 37 of the Contract, was chosen by the parties out of
several alternative options offered by BIMCO Supplytime 2017 and encompasses
“any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Charter Party”.

9 In addition to the standard clauses of BIMCO Supplytime 2017, the Contract
also includes several additional clauses agreed between the parties. One such
additional clause, cl 39 of the Contract, is of central importance to the
dispute:

Clause 39

All Consumables, communications and medicine on the Vessel which are used or
taken by Charterers shall be charged at Cost + 15%

All procurement services by Owner at the request of the Charterers shall be
charged at Cost + 15%

10 According to both Mr Y and Mr X, the Owner was entrusted with procuring the
staff and equipment necessary to enable the Crane Barge to be used as an
offshore command centre, because the Owner was established in the region of
the Salvage Operation and had a network of local contacts. In contrast, the
Charterer did not have any physical presence in the region and essentially
relied on the Owner to procure everything it needed for the Salvage Operation.
Mr X therefore agreed with Mr Y that all procurement services undertaken by
the Owner at the Charterer’s request would be paid at cost plus a 15% margin.
This agreement was then eventually reflected as cl 39 of the Contract. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr X] dated 24 October 2022 at paras 7–9; 1st Affidavit of
[Mr Y] dated 9 November 2022 at paras 15–17.

According to Mr Y, a clause requiring a service provider to simply procure
whatever the other counterparty requests is not unusual in the context of
emergency marine salvage operations. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr Y] dated 9 November 2022 at para 19.

11 The Charterer does not dispute that Mr X and Mr Y agreed that the Owner
would provide assistance for, and on behalf of, the Charterer in the Salvage
Operation and does not dispute that the Owner might “potentially be entitled”
to charge a 15% markup for procurement services. What the Charterer does
dispute is that such an agreement was incorporated into the Contract. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2nd Affidavit of [CYY] dated 18 January 2023 at paras 9, 46; Claimant’s
Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at para 24.

The Disputed Claims

12 Throughout the Salvage Operation, the Charterer requested various services,
personnel, equipment, and craft, which the Owner procured (the “Disputed
Claims”). Contemporaneous invoices incorporating a 15% markup were issued in
respect of the Disputed Claims, which were signed by Mr X on behalf of the
Charterer. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr Y] dated 9 November 2022 at paras 30–31; 2nd Affidavit of
[CYY] dated 18 January 2023 at para 48.

13 The Salvage Operation concluded on or around 9 March 2020. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at para 21.

The arbitration proceedings

14 On 23 June 2021, the Owner issued a letter of demand in respect of the
Disputed Claims. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr Y] dated 9 November 2022 at para 36.

The Charterer did not pay. Accordingly, on 6 July 2021, the Owner commenced
arbitration proceedings against the Charterer. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at para 22.

The parties’ cases before the Tribunal

15 The Owner claimed that it was entitled to the cost of procuring all the
services, personnel, equipment, and craft requested by the Charterer plus a
15% margin, pursuant to cl 39. Alternatively, the Owner claimed that it was
entitled to damages on a quantum meruit basis for the procurement services
rendered. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at 221–224.

16 In response, the Charterer raised a jurisdictional challenge based on two
main grounds. First, the Charterer disputed the existence of the arbitration
agreement. In this application, the Charterer now concedes the existence of
the arbitration agreement which provides for a Singapore seated arbitration.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at para 9.

17 Second, the Charterer took the position that the Contract and cl 39 therein
are strictly limited to procurement services rendered only in relation to the
charter of the Crane Barge, and not services rendered in relation to the
Salvage Operation generally. Accordingly, as the Disputed Claims relate to
procurement services provided in relation to the Salvage Operation generally,
they fall outside the scope of the Contract and the Tribunal has no
jurisdiction to determine the Disputed Claims. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at paras 24–25, 46; 1st
Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at paras 27–28.

To elucidate this distinction, the Charterer gives examples of inspections and
surveys of the Crane Barge and the provision of food and supplies to it as
services that would fall within the scope of cl 39. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at para 52.

As the Charterer has already paid all sums owed in relation to the charter of
the Crane Barge, there are no claims over which the Tribunal has jurisdiction.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at paras 24–25.

As for the quantum meruit claim, the Charterer similarly submitted that the
arbitration clause was strictly limited to matters relating to the charter of
the Crane Barge. Thus, the Tribunal has no jurisdiction to determine the
quantum meruit claim. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at para 58.

The Ruling

18 In the Ruling, the Tribunal found that it had the jurisdiction to determine
the Disputed Claims.

19 In relation to the first objection, the argument that there was no
arbitration agreement sprang from how the box layout that forms Part I of the
BIMCO Supplytime 2017 standard form had been filled out. This box layout when
filled out provides the brief particulars of the contract. Part II of the
BIMCO Supplytime 2017 contains the full standard terms. Box 33, which concerns
dispute resolution, provides for a choice between several alternative forms
for cl 37. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at 26.

Although parties filled in “(c)** Singapore law, Singapore arbitration” in Box
33, alternative (c) was deleted in Part II and alternative (d) was retained.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at 49–50.

The Tribunal held that parties’ intention for “Singapore law, Singapore
arbitration” was clear. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at 622–623.

Before me, the first objection is not pursued as it is accepted that the
insertion of the letter (c) was merely a typographical error and alternative
(d) applied.

20 In relation to the second objection, the Tribunal observed that the scope
of cl 39 was uncertain when considered in a vacuum. The Tribunal thus adopted
a contextual interpretation and determined that cl 39 encompassed all
procurement services rendered by the Owner in relation to the entire Salvage
Operation. This was an interpretation that the express words of cl 39 could
reasonably bear. The Contract had been concluded in the context of an
emergency and the “overall commercial purpose of the [Contract] was to
urgently salvage [the Casualty]”. The Charterers had no presence, equipment,
or resources in the locality, and it was thus “intended that the [Owner] was
to play an important role in procuring and providing resources, equipment and
personnel to support the Salvage Operation”. Although the Contract was a
standard form contract, the fact remained that cl 39 was an additional clause
specifically added by the parties and was therefore intended to address
matters not covered by BIMCO Supplytime 2017. The Tribunal did not take into
consideration any purported oral agreement reached between Mr X and Mr Y prior
to the Contract. Having reached this conclusion, the Tribunal found that it
was unnecessary to determine whether it had jurisdiction to determine the
quantum meruit claim. Nevertheless, the Tribunal concluded that, considering
the aforementioned context of the Contract and the fact that the Contract
expressly named the Casualty as the area of operation of the Crane Barge, the
quantum meruit claim also fell within the scope of the arbitration clause. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at 625–627.

The Tribunal thus concluded that it has jurisdiction to determine the Disputed
Claims on the basis of cl 39 or as a quantum meruit claim.

The parties’ cases

21 In this application, the crux of the dispute as presented by the parties is
the interpretation of cl 39 of the Contract. The Charterer submits that cl 39
must be strictly limited to procurement services rendered in relation to the
charter of the Crane Barge, and not services rendered in relation to the
Salvage Operation generally. Conversely, the Owner submits that cl 39 should
encompass all procurement services requested by the Charterer.

The Charterer’s case

22 In a nutshell, the Charterer submits that because cl 39 is contained in a
contract based on BIMCO Supplytime 2017, a standard form contract for the
charter of offshore support vessels, cl 39 must be construed to apply only to
procurement services rendered in relation to the charter of the Crane Barge.

23 Although it is undisputed that cl 39 was an additional clause included by
the parties and extraneous to BIMCO Supplytime 2017, the Charterer submits
that a restrained interpretative approach should be adopted because BIMCO
Supplytime 2017 is a standard form contract. The predictability of standard
form contracts, and hence their value, will be damaged if the interpretation
of standard terms is inconsistent. Thus, the Charterer submits that the
background context and factual matrix should have little relevance to the
interpretation of cl 39. Instead, the choice of BIMCO Supplytime 2017, a time
charter, evinces the objective intention to confine the scope of cl 39 to the
procurement of services relating only to the charter of the Crane Barge. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at paras 36–39, 43, 52–53.

24 Further and in any event, the Charterer submits that the relevant context
demonstrates that the parties intended for cl 39 to be circumscribed in scope.

25 The Charterer emphasises that BIMCO Supplytime 2017 is not an appropriate
form to use for an entire salvage operation as it is merely a time charter.
Instead, it would have been more appropriate to use a broader master agreement
such as the Wreckhire 2010, another BIMCO standard form contract designed to
govern entire salvage operations. The Wreckhire 2010 explicitly contemplates
matters that must be addressed when dealing with an entire salvage operation,
such as daily rates and third-party expenses, and is better able to
accommodate requests for additional services as an operation progresses. As
both parties are experienced industry players familiar with the available
standard forms, the choice of BIMCO Supplytime 2017 must have been a conscious
decision to limit the scope of their agreement. Furthermore, the Contract does
not explicitly state that the Contract is for the purpose of the Salvage
Operation. Thus, the Contract is no more than a time charter for the Crane
Barge. It is commercially inconceivable and there is no indication that the
parties intended that the entire costs incurred by the Salvage Operation would
be covered by a single line in cl 39 rather than by an appropriate master
contract. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at paras 9, 31–33, 48–58,
103.

However, I note that both the Owner and Charterer agree that it is not
strictly speaking necessary, even as a matter of practice, for the parties to
have entered into a further contract for the Salvage Operation in addition to
the Contract. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr Y] dated 9 November 2022 at para 18; 2nd Affidavit of
[CYY] dated 18 January 2023 at para 36.

During the oral hearing, the Charterer also placed considerable emphasis on
email correspondence regarding the additional clauses. The Charterer points to
this as contemporaneous evidence that cl 39 pertains only to the charter of
the Crane Barge, because the correspondence does not explicitly state that cl
39 relates to the entire Salvage Operation. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at paras 89–96.

The Charterer submits that the foregoing should provide all the context
necessary to objectively ascertain the parties’ intention at the time of
contracting. As it did before the Tribunal, the Charterer submits that this
interpretation should equally apply to constrain the scope of the arbitration
clause and exclude the quantum meruit claim from arbitration. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at para 106.

26 The Charterer submits that the Tribunal over-stated the effect of urgency,
as salvage operations inherently involve a degree of urgency which salvage
operators are accustomed to dealing with. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at para 103.

Although the Charterer accepts that it has no physical presence in the region
of the Salvage Operation, it asserts that it would have no difficulty
conducting the Salvage Operation and would not necessarily have intended that
the Owner would play an important role. The Charterer therefore submits that
the Tribunal erred in giving weight to this fact. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at paras 72–76.

Additionally, the fact that the Casualty was named as the area of operation of
the Crane Barge and the fact that the Crane Barge was hired for the purpose of
aiding in the Salvage Operation should not change the Contract’s essential
nature as a mere time charter. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at para 108.

27 As the Charterer’s propounded interpretation would mean that the Disputed
Claims do not fall under any written agreement, the Charterer suggests (but
does not admit) that it remains open to the Owner to base its claim on a
separate oral agreement or other non-contractual cause of action. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at paras 60–61.

The Charterer suggests that the arbitration is an attempt by the Owner to
shoehorn the Disputed Claims into the Contract because of foreseeable
difficulties in pursuing a claim on the basis of an oral agreement. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at para 102.

28 The Charterer also alleged that it entered into several other separate
agreements with the Owner and other third parties for the charter of other
vessels to assist in the Salvage Operation. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1st Affidavit of [CYY] dated 30 September 2022 at para 20; Claimant’s Written
Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at para 21.

The Charterer submits that the fact that it entered into multiple other
separate contracts in relation to the Salvage Operation shows that the
Contract could not have been intended to cover the entire Salvage Operation,
as the other contracts would then be otiose. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at paras 63–71.

The Owner’s case

29 The Owner contends that the Disputed Claims fall within the ambit of cl 39
of the Contract, which encompasses all procurement services rendered by the
Owner at the Charterer’s request. Even if the Disputed Claims do not fall
within the ambit of cl 39, the Owner submits that the quantum meruit claim
nevertheless falls within the scope of the arbitration clause.

30 Textually, the parties did not expressly confine the scope of “procurement
services” in the second proviso of cl 39 to the Crane Barge, unlike the first
proviso, which is limited to “[c]onsumables, communications and medicine on
the Vessel which are used or taken by the Charterers” [emphasis added] (see
above at [9]). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 14 March 2023 at paras 29–31, 43.

31 Contextually, the Owner submits that the choice of BIMCO Supplytime 2017 is
neither here nor there, as it is undisputed that parties can and did in fact
supplement the standard terms. Indeed, cl 39 is precisely one such additional
term. The context supports the Owner’s interpretation of cl 39. The Contract
had been concluded in the context of an emergency, where the Charterer had to
rely on the resources of the Owner as a local operator. In the circumstances,
cl 39 was left open ended to ensure that the Crane Barge could be properly
staffed and equipped as the needs of the Salvage Operation evolved. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 14 March 2023 at paras 34–36, 61–67.

The commercial purpose of the Contract was for the Crane Barge to operate as
the offshore command centre for the Salvage Operation. Even on a narrower
interpretation of cl 39, the Disputed Claims remain linked to the charter of
the Crane Barge, as they concern procurement services requested for the
purpose of properly equipping the Crane Barge to act as the offshore command
centre. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 14 March 2023 at para 45, 53–55.

If cl 39 did not cover the Disputed Claims, the Contract would have been
pointless as the Crane Barge would not have been able to serve its intended
purpose. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 14 March 2023 at paras 53–55.

32 Importantly, the direct evidence of Mr Y and Mr X, the representatives who
actually negotiated and witnessed the conclusion of the Contract,
unequivocally supports the Owner’s propounded interpretation of cl 39. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 14 March 2023 at paras 50–51, 56–57.

The Charterer had never (until the oral hearing) raised any issue regarding Mr
X’s authority to act on their behalf. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 14 March 2023 at para 50, 60.

In contrast, the Charterer provides no direct evidence of the circumstances
surrounding the execution of the Contract. Instead, the Charterer relies on
the affidavit of a broker, who I shall refer to as Mr Z. Mr Z only provides
post-hoc subjective opinions based on hypothetical situations as he was not
personally involved in the negotiation of the Contract. Mr Z’s hypothetical
views were not disclosed to any other party and are therefore irrelevant to
the construction of the Contract. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 14 March 2023 at paras 71–74.

33 The Owner submits that the court generally accords a generous
interpretation to the scope of arbitration agreements, unless there is good
reason to conclude that the claim should fall outside its scope. As the
purpose of the Contract was to charter the Crane Barge to assist in the
Salvage Operation, and the procured services were in relation to the Salvage
Operation, the Disputed Claims clearly arise “in connection with” the
Contract. Accordingly, the quantum meruit claims fall within the scope of the
arbitration clause. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 14 March 2023 at paras 86–91.

34 The Owner takes the view that the Charterer makes the present application
in bad faith and for the purpose of delaying the resolution of the Disputed
Claims. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 14 March 2023 at paras 4–6.

Issues to be determined

35 Parties therefore agree that the key issue is whether the Disputed Claims
fall within the scope of cl 39 of the Contract. If the Disputed Claims do not
fall within the scope of cl 39, the next issue is whether a claim in quantum
meruit falls within the scope of the arbitration clause.

36 However, the parties’ focus on the interpretation of cl 39 raises the
preliminary issue of whether its interpretation truly goes to jurisdiction or
to the admissibility of the claims. I posed this question to counsel at the
oral hearing.

Jurisdictional review under s 10(3)(a) IAA

37 It is established that a review on jurisdiction pursuant to s 10(3)(a) IAA
is conducted de novo with no deference granted to the Tribunal’s findings,
though the court is entitled to consider what the Tribunal has said: Sanum
Investments Ltd v Government of the Lao People’s Democratic Republic [2016] 5
SLR 536 at [41]–[43]. Nevertheless, the court must guard against ingenious
attempts to disguise substantive challenges as challenges to jurisdiction: BTN
and another v BTP and another [2020] 5 SLR 1250 at [45].

38 In this case, the Ruling is expressly framed as a determination of the
jurisdiction challenge and the Tribunal appears to refrain from addressing the
merits. However, cl 39 imposes a substantive obligation on the Charterer and
is the basis upon which the Owner brings its claim. I therefore directed the
Charterer to clarify why the interpretation of a substantive clause of the
Contract is appropriate for jurisdictional review under s 10(3)(a) IAA.

The Charterer’s arguments

39 The Charterer submits that the Tribunal’s jurisdiction stems from the
arbitration clause contained in the Contract. As the arbitration clause refers
to disputes arising out of or in connection with the Contract, the Tribunal’s
jurisdiction therefore depends on the scope of the Contract. If a matter falls
outside the scope of the Contract, the Tribunal has no jurisdiction. The
argument therefore goes that a determination by the Tribunal on the scope of
the Contract is necessarily a jurisdictional decision which is subject to
review. According to the Charterer, the Tribunal erred in finding that the
overall commercial purpose of the Contract was to urgently salvage the
Casualty. Instead, the Contract is limited to matters relating to the Charter
of the Crane Barge. This means that cl 39 is similarly limited to procurement
services rendered only in relation to the charter of the Crane Barge. This
issue of interpretation is, in the Charterer’s submission, appropriate for
jurisdictional review under s 10(3)(a) IAA.

Whether the interpretation of cl 39 goes to jurisdiction

40 In my judgment, the interpretation of cl 39 is a matter that comes within
the merits of the dispute referred to arbitration. The Charterer has now
accepted that there was a binding arbitration agreement. Thus, the question of
whether the Owner’s claims in respect of procurement services fall within cl
39 is a matter for the Tribunal to determine as part of the dispute referred
by parties. Questions of what a clause within the body of a contract applies
to are common. For example, in a sale of goods contract there is often an
issue of whether the goods delivered are of the type contracted for.
Sometimes, this depends on how the clause is interpreted. I gave the example
during the oral hearing of a contract for sale of English apples. This could
mean apples of any traditional English variety wherever grown, or apples of
any variety grown in England. If there is an arbitration clause applying to
the contract and the arbitrator decides on one of the two possible
interpretations of the clause concerning the nature of the goods to be sold
and delivered, and thus either allows or rejects the claim, she would be
acting within her jurisdiction: precisely deciding an issue that has been
submitted to her. It is an error to recast this question as her having
jurisdiction only to allow claims that come within the clause as properly
interpreted. The effect of this error would be to change the decision maker
for a question of contractual interpretation concerning a substantive
obligation of parties from the arbitrator appointed by agreement of the
parties to the court upon a jurisdictional challenge.

41 Interpretation of a substantive clause within the contract ordinarily
concerns the admissibility of the claim made. This differs from interpretation
of the arbitration agreement contained within the contract. Interpretation of
the arbitration clause might go to jurisdiction where the difference between
the parties relates to the scope of the arbitration agreement. As the Court of
Appeal explained in Swissbourgh Diamond Mines (Pty) Ltd and others v Kingdom
of Lesotho [2019] 1 SLR 263 at [207]:

Jurisdiction is commonly defined to refer to “the power of the tribunal to
hear a case”, whereas admissibility refers to “whether it is appropriate for
the tribunal to hear it”: Waste Management, Inc v United Mexican States ICSID
Case No ARB(AF)/98/2, Dissenting Opinion of Keith Highet (8 May 2000) at [58].
To this, Zachary Douglas adds clarity to this discussion by referring to
“jurisdiction” as a concept that deals with “the existence of [the]
adjudicative power” of an arbitral tribunal, and to “admissibility” as a
concept dealing with “the exercise of that power” and the suitability of the
claim brought pursuant to that power for adjudication: Douglas at paras 291
and 310. Finally, in Chin Leng Lim, Jean Ho & Martins Paparinskis,
International Investment Law and Arbitration: Commentary, Awards and other
Materials (Cambridge University Press, 2018) (“Chin Leng Lim”), it is usefully
observed that there are two ways of drawing the distinction between
jurisdiction and admissibility (at p 118):

… The more conceptual reading would focus on the legal nature of the
objection: is it directed against the tribunal (and is hence jurisdictional)
or is it directed at the claim (and is hence one of admissibility)? The more
draftsmanlike reading would focus on the place that the issue occupies in the
structure of international dispute settlement: is the challenge related to the
interpretation and application of the jurisdictional clause of the
international tribunal (and hence jurisdictional), or is it related to the
interpretation and application of another rule or instrument (and is hence one
of admissibility)?

42 In my view, the interpretation of cl 39, and specifically what was meant to
be covered by the phrase “all procurement services” is a matter of
admissibility. The objection is directed at the claim rather than the
Tribunal’s authority under the arbitration agreement. Consequently, its
interpretation is not a matter for this court, even if the Tribunal reached
what the court might consider to be the wrong conclusion on it.

43 Nonetheless, as counsel and the Tribunal appear to have proceeded on the
basis that the interpretation of cl 39 goes to jurisdiction, I will now
consider its interpretation.

The correct interpretation of cl 39

Context

44 The Charterer contended before me that its filing of affidavits in these
proceedings has provided me with more of the relevant context than had been
available to the Tribunal. However, it is readily apparent that the Charterer
is not relying upon any direct evidence of the negotiations and context
surrounding the execution of the Contract. This is because Mr X, who
represented the Charterer at all material times during the negotiations, has
filed an affidavit on behalf of the Owner in this application. The
relationship between Mr X and the Charterer broke down after the Salvage
Operation. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at para 85.

According to the Charterer, this was due to their dissatisfaction with Mr X’s
performance in the Salvage Operation, specifically in the quantity of craft,
equipment and personnel requested from the Owners, which resulted in
“excessive costs” being claimed by the Owners. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

2nd Affidavit of [CYY] dated 18 January 2023 at para 7.

45 The Charterer instead relies on the affidavit of a broker, Mr Z, which
contains statements of opinion that support the Charterer’s views on the use
of master agreements. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at paras 79–82.

Mr Z did not give evidence in the arbitration. In their written submissions,
the Charterer refers to Mr Z as the broker who was contacted by Mr X to liaise
with the Owner for the charter of the Crane Barge. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at paras 4 and 79.

The Charterer also submitted that Mr Z was a “neutral party in these
proceedings”, such that his evidence ought to be accorded greater weight than
that of Mr X and Mr Y. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 15 March 2023 at para 88.

However, during the oral hearing, counsel for the Charterer gave a drastically
different description of Mr Z’s role, submitting that Mr Z was the main person
representing the Charterer and negotiating on its behalf. As Mr Z was never
informed that the 15% markup would apply to procurement services provided in
relation to the Salvage Operation generally, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr Z] dated 24 January 2023 at para 36.

the Charterer submitted that the evidence of Mr X and Mr Y should be
disregarded for the purpose of interpretation. Instead, the context should be
limited to Mr Z’s opinion and understanding of the email correspondence as the
true representative of the Charterer. The Charterer also sought to downplay Mr
X’s involvement and suggested that Mr X did not have the authority to
represent the Charterer. However, when I invited them to do so, the Charterer
declined to take a firm position on the issue of actual or apparent authority.

46 These allegations, which were first made at the oral hearing, are not
supported by the evidence. Mr Z’s own affidavit states that he was brought on
to “finalise” the Contract only after Mr X had already commenced negotiations
with Mr Y. Critically, Mr Z explicitly confirms that he did not negotiate the
Contract, as its terms were agreed by Mr X locally on behalf of the Charterer.
Mr Z’s role was therefore confined, in his own words, to “finalis[ing] the
contract” and “[commenting] on the wording of the contract and [making]
suggested additions/corrections”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr Z] dated 24 January 2023 at paras 5 and 10.

Rather than a leading role, it appears from the email correspondence that Mr Z
instead took instructions from Mr X on the form and drafting of the Contract.
Mr Z described his own role as “suggest[ing]” the appropriate contractual form
and “advis[ing]” Mr X. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr Z] dated 24 January 2023 at paras 15–17.

Other than representing the Charterer in two separate agreements with other
third-parties, Mr Z states that he “had no involvement in chartering any other
craft, equipment or personnel” for the Salvage Operation. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr Z] dated 24 January 2023 at paras 18–19.

Indeed, Mr Z told the Owners to liaise directly with Mr X, who was on the
ground, and deferred to Mr X’s decision on cl 39. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr Z] dated 24 January 2023 at paras 27, 40–41.

47 In fact, when cl 39 in its current form was first suggested by the Owner in
an email, Mr Z simply replied “Agreed proposed Additional Clause 39 (subject
[Mr X] has agreed the 15 pct mark-up)”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1st Affidavit of [Mr Z] dated 24 January 2023 at 149–150.

Although there was no express explanation concerning the scope of cl 39
communicated on behalf of the Owner to Mr Z at that time, it is evident that
Mr Z simply accepted it provided that Mr X had agreed to it.

48 Consequently, the context as it appears in the evidence before me is drawn
from the objective evidence of what “crossed the table” between Mr X and Mr Y
as representatives of the parties. I accept that the Contract was concluded
under circumstances of urgency, and that the Charterer had to rely on the
resources of the Owner as a local operator. These facts would support the
broader reading of cl 39 as they would be consistent with the need for the
Crane Barge to be properly staffed and equipped as the needs of the Salvage
Operation evolved. I also accept that parties envisaged that the Crane Barge
would operate as the offshore command centre for the Salvage Operation. This
also supports the broader reading of cl 39 in that it would make sense to
consider the Contract (which was for charter of the Crane Barge) as the key
contract and thus bring ancillary and broadly related procurement services
within it.

49 There is logic in the Charterer’s submissions that ordinarily additional
clauses inserted into the charterparty for one vessel should be read as
relating to that vessel. There might conceivably have been more appropriate or
more logical ways of organising the contractual provisions, including by
entering into a contract based instead on Wreckhire 2010 or having some other
form of master agreement. But this argument effectively concedes the point
that parties needed to place their agreement on general procurement services
relating to the Salvage Operation somewhere. Once that is accepted, there is
nothing illogical about including that agreement in the Contract.

Text

50 Turning to the text of cl 39, the second sentence is drafted broadly (see
above at [9]). There is no reason to restrict the meaning of the word “all”.
The controlling requirement is that the procurement services so chargeable
must have been “at the request of the Charterer”. Thus, whatever procurement
services were requested by the Charterer and supplied by the Owner had to be
paid for.

51 Moreover, the first and second sentences of cl 39 concern different matters
and can and should be read independently. The second sentence is not
subsidiary or ancillary to the first. What unites the two sentences is that
they both concern things that the Charterer will have to pay for. The first is
what the Charterer might take or use on board the Crane Barge, while the
second is what the Charter might request the Owner to supply. The fact that
the first sentence includes the limiting words “on board” does not suggest
that similar limiting words should be read into the second sentence. The
control that the Charterer could exercise over what it had to pay was via what
it chose to request from the Owner.

52 Accordingly, even if the interpretation of cl 39 went to jurisdiction, I
agree with the Tribunal’s interpretation. In fact, I would add that in my view
the clause is phrased plainly and clearly, and there is little need to
consider the context to interpret it. It reads as a free-standing obligation
to pay at the specified mark up for procurement services requested. In any
case, the context supported this plain meaning of the clause.

A further point

53 There is a further point. Before me, the submissions of both parties delved
into how related to the Crane Barge the various services supplied were, as set
out in the invoices that formed the Disputed Claims. A cursory review of the
invoices established that there were indeed many items that on their face
appeared to be linked to the Crane Barge. As noted at [12] above, they were
issued contemporaneously and countersigned by Mr X on behalf of the Charterer.

54 This reinforces my view that the application of cl 39 went to the merits
and not to the jurisdiction of the Tribunal. It is obviously a merits question
whether all the invoiced items or only some of them should be recoverable.
This question remains to be decided by the Tribunal.

Conclusion

55 I dismiss the Charterer’s application and hold that the Tribunal has
jurisdiction. Parties are to file and exchange within 14 days of the date of
this judgment submissions on costs limited to ten pages each exclusive of any
schedules or breakdown of time spent or disbursements incurred. Parties are to
seek to agree costs within 7 days after exchange of submissions, failing which
either party may write in for a hearing before me.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
25Vergis S Abraham SC and Leo Zhi Wei (Liang Zhiwei) (Providence Law Asia LLC)
(instructed), Cai Jianye Edwin and Tay Xi Ying (Dai Xiying) (Clasis LLC) for
the claimant;

Tham Lijing and Lim Qiu Yi, Regina (Tham Lijing LLC) (instructed), Parhar
Sunita Sonya (S.S Parhar Law Corporation) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Apr 2023 (11:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

