Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  
THE HIGH COURT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2023] SGHC(A) 33

Appellate Division / Civil Appeal No 112 of 2022

Between

Chee Yin Meh  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Ong Kian Guan  
---|---  
(2)| Khor Boon Hong  
(3)| Goh Yeow Kiang Victor  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 1078 of 2017

Between

(1)| Sim Guan Seng  
---|---  
(2)| Khor Boon Hong  
(3)| Goh Yeow Kiang Victor  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| One Organisation Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Chee Yin Meh  
(3)| Gateway Plus Limited  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law — Administration of insolvent estates]

[Insolvency Law — Avoidance of transactions — Transactions at an undervalue]

[Insolvency Law — Avoidance of transactions — Unfair preferences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chee Yin Meh

  
v

  

Ong Kian Guan and others

[2023] SGHC(A) 33

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 112 of 2022  
Kannan Ramesh JAD, Debbie Ong Siew Ling JAD and Andre Maniam J  
12 July 2023

27 October 2023

Andre Maniam J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The appellant, Mdm Chee Yin Meh (“Mdm Chee”), was one of three defendants in
a case brought by the trustees in bankruptcy of her husband, Mr Fan Kow Hin
(“Mr Fan”). In the context of Mr Fan’s bankruptcy, the trustees challenged ten
transactions that Mr Fan had entered into with one or more of the defendants.

2 The trial judge (the “Judge”) found in favour of the trustees in respect of
eight of the ten transactions. The Judge made orders against Mdm Chee in
respect of three transactions (the First, Sixth and Seventh Transactions),
which she appealed against. The other two defendants – British Virgin Island
companies One Organisation Limited (“OOL”) and Gateway Plus Limited (“Gateway
Plus”) – did not appeal. The Judge’s decision in HC/S 1078/2017 (“Suit 1078”)
is found in Chee Yin Meh v Sim Guan Seng and others [2023] 3 SLR 590 (the
“Judgment”).

3 We heard Mdm Chee’s appeal, AD/CA 112/2022 (“AD 112”), on 12 July 2023 and
dismissed it. We now provide our grounds of decision.

Background

The agreements that Mdm Chee relied upon

4 In her pleadings, Mdm Chee advanced an entirely fictitious narrative, which
she then abandoned. She pleaded reliance on:

(a) the Agreement for Securities Lending (the “SLA”); and

(b) the Shareholders Agreement for Minority Protection (the “SAMP”).

5 However, Mdm Chee admitted that she and Mr Fan had created and signed the
SLA and SAMP only in September 2016 and not February 2010 and that they had
falsely backdated the SLA and the SAMP to 28 February 2010. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Judgment at [30].

Mdm Chee further admitted that she and Mr Fan had created and signed the
notices and demands allegedly issued under the SLA and the SAMP only in
September 2016 and that they had then falsely backdated these notices and
demands to the dates which they bore between 2011 and 2015. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Judgment at [32].

6 These admissions of fraudulent conduct called into question the bona fides
of Mdm Chee and Mr Fan. The Judge rightly found that their decision to concoct
this fictitious series of events “was not simply a momentary lapse of
judgment” and that “the deception was broad in scope and time”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Judgment at [55].

7 Having abandoned her pleaded defence based on the SLA and the SAMP, Mdm Chee
sought instead to rely on another agreement, the Points of Agreement for
Securities Lending (“POASL”), but she never amended her pleadings to reflect
this. Nevertheless, the Judge did not reject her reliance on the POASL on a
point of pleading alone. Instead, he considered the POASL “as an indulgence to
[Mdm Chee]” 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Judgment at [67].

and found against her on the merits.

8 Mdm Chee also relied on another agreement – the International Healthway
Corporation Limited Dividend Agreement (“IHC Dividend Agreement”). The Judge
found against her on that too. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Judgment at [165].

9 We briefly review Mdm Chee’s position on the four agreements, and the
Judge’s findings, to set the stage for our analysis in AD 112.

The SLA

10 The SLA was a purported conditional loan agreement signed by Mr Fan and by
Mdm Chee in her capacity as a director of OOL. On the face of the SLA, the
agreement appeared to be signed on 28 February 2010. However, Mdm Chee
admitted that the SLA was null, void, and devoid of legal effect because it
was created and signed in September 2016 and not 28 February 2010. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Judgment at [31] and [49].

Mdm Chee had relied on the SLA for the following stipulations:

(a) First, OOL agreed to lend to Mr Fan 401m shares of Healthway Medical
Corporation Limited (“HMC”), a company that was listed on Catalist and that
had Mr Fan as its Executive Chairman at the material time; those shares were
valued at $63m.

(b) Second, both OOL and Mr Fan had the right to terminate the loan of the
shares and unwind it at any time.

(c) Third, Mr Fan was obliged to transfer to OOL either 401m HMC shares or
equivalent securities worth $63m within one business day of OOL’s demand to
that effect if OOL were to terminate the loan. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Judgment at [24]–[25].

The SAMP

11 The SAMP was a purported shareholders agreement signed by Mr Fan and Mdm
Chee in her personal capacity. On the face of the SAMP, the agreement appeared
to be signed on 28 February 2010. However, as with the SLA, Mdm Chee accepted
that the SAMP was null, void, and devoid of legal effect. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Judgment at [31] and [49].

She had relied on the SAMP for the following stipulations:

(a) First, the SAMP made an express connection to the SLA by reciting that Mr
Fan and OOL were also entering into the SLA, under which OOL would lend Mr Fan
the 401m HMC shares worth $63m.

(b) Second, the SAMP purported to give Mdm Chee an option to purchase all 58
of Mr Fan’s shares in OOL for $1 if OOL terminated the share loan in
accordance with the SLA and Mr Fan breached his obligation to transfer 401m
HMC shares or equivalent securities worth $63m to OOL within one business day
of a demand to that effect.

(c) Third, the SAMP empowered Mdm Chee to exercise her option by giving notice
in writing to Mr Fan setting a date for him to complete the sale and purchase
of his 58 shares in OOL. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Judgment at [27].

The POASL

12 The POASL was disclosed by Mdm Chee for the first time in April 2019, just
before her admission that the SLA and SAMP were null, void, and devoid of
legal effect by way of particulars of pleadings supplied in July 2019. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Judgment at [30].

13 The POASL was signed by Mr Fan and Mdm Chee and bore OOL’s company stamp.
Like the SLA and SAMP, it bore the date 28 February 2010 on its face. The
POASL also contained language which reflected the substance of all six of the
key terms of the SLA and SAMP as mentioned at [10]–[11] above. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Judgment at [47].

14 Mdm Chee claimed that the POASL was the actual written agreement setting
out the key terms of the arrangement. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Judgment at [46].

She disclosed a second set of notices and demands purportedly sent between
2011 and 2015 pursuant to the POASL. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Judgment at [52].

If the POASL and the notices and demands sent pursuant to it were genuine, the
question may be asked why Mdm Chee and Mr Fan would fabricate the SLA and
SAMP, and the notices and demands sent pursuant to those agreements.

15 In the event, the Judge found that the POASL was a sham document that was
falsely backdated. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Judgment at [136].

The IHC Dividend Agreement

16 Apart from the SLA, the SAMP and the POASL, Mdm Chee also sought to rely on
the IHC Dividend Agreement – a purported trust arrangement between OOL and Mr
Fan. Mdm Chee described the IHC Dividend Agreement in the following terms:

(a) When IHC was listed in July 2013, one of its substantial shareholders HMC
distributed a special dividend of 82.29 IHC shares in specie from HMC’s
shareholding in IHC for every 1,000 shares held by a shareholder of HMC.

(b) At that time, OOL had already transferred 401m HMC shares to Mr Fan
between July 2009 and June 2011. As such, Mr Fan became entitled to and did
receive some 33.03m IHC shares by way of an in specie dividend from HMC.

(c) In July 2013, Mdm Chee, in her capacity as OOL’s agent, orally agreed with
Mr Fan that he would hold these 33.03m IHC shares on trust for OOL.

17 The Judge found that there was never an agreement to this effect. He
reasoned, inter alia, that if the 33.03m IHC shares worth $15.8m were
beneficially owned by OOL, that should have been reflected in OOL’s balance
sheet as at 4 November 2013. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Judgment at [165] and [166].

However, these 33.03m IHC shares were omitted entirely from OOL’s balance
sheet.

Findings

The First Transaction

18 The First Transaction was Mr Fan’s transfer of 58 shares he held in OOL to
Mdm Chee for the consideration of $1. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Judgment at [133].

19 Mr Fan was allotted 58 shares in OOL in March 2007, and Mdm Chee owned the
remaining 42 shares. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Judgment at [134].

In Suit 1078, Mdm Chee’s case was that she was entitled to Mr Fan’s 58 shares
because he had breached his obligations under the POASL to transfer to OOL
401m HMC shares or equivalent securities worth $63m. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Judgment at [135].

The trustees’ case was that the POASL was a sham agreement and that Mr Fan
transferred his 58 shares in OOL to Mdm Chee for nominal consideration in
order to put those assets out of the reach of his creditors. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Judgment at [136].

20 The Judge agreed with the trustees and found that Mr Fan’s transfer of his
58 shares in OOL for nominal consideration was a fraudulent conveyance and a
transaction at undervalue. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Judgment at [154] and [171].

In reaching this conclusion, the Judge made the following nine findings:

(a) First, the POASL was a sham document that was falsely backdated. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Judgment at [136].

(b) Second, the consideration which Mdm Chee paid Mr Fan amounted to $1. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Judgment at [139].

(c) Third, given that the SLA, the SAMP and the POASL were all found to be
devoid of legal effect, Mr Fan was under no obligation whatsoever to transfer
the 58 OOL shares to Mdm Chee. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Judgment at [139].

(d) Fourth, Mr Fan transferred the 58 OOL shares to Mdm Chee less than a month
before he applied for bankruptcy. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Judgment at [142]–[145].

(e) Fifth, the conveyance took place pursuant to Mr Fan’s and Mdm Chee’s
common fraudulent intention. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Judgment at [154].

(f) Sixth, the disposal of 58 OOL Shares for a consideration of $1 was a
transaction at an undervalue as the 58 OOL Shares had real economic value. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Judgment at [155]–[171].

(g) Seventh, the IHC Dividend Agreement never existed. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Judgment at [165]–[167].

(h) Eighth, Mdm Chee’s allegation that Mr Fan held 29 of his 58 shares in OOL
on trust for Mdm Chee was a pure afterthought and should be rejected. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Judgment at [196]–[200].

(i) Ninth, Mr Fan was insolvent by the time of the transfer. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Judgment at [156].

21 Of these nine findings, in AD 112 Mdm Chee only disputed one: she
maintained that the POASL was authentic – it was not created years later and
falsely backdated. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s Case at [88].

Even if she succeeded on that, however, the remaining findings would still
support the Judge’s decision on the First Transaction – in particular, his
finding that the POASL was a sham agreement. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Judgment at [136].

These unchallenged findings were fatal to her appeal on the First Transaction.

22 For completeness, we also rejected Mdm Chee’s contention that the POASL was
authentic, and not falsely backdated. We did so for three main reasons.

23 First, Mdm Chee failed to deal with any of the Judge’s factual findings in
relation to the POASL. The Judge set out five reasons for his conclusions on
the POASL (at [69]–[82] of the Judgment) and we summarise them briefly below:

(a) First, Mr Fan’s and Mdm Chee’s admitted propensity for creating and
falsely backdating self-serving documents meant that the Judge accorded only
the slightest weight to their oral evidence and documents emanating from them.
In relation to the POASL, the Judge found that they had every incentive to lie
to avoid liability and to minimise the scope of their deception after it was
revealed that the SLA and SAMP were unauthentic documents. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Judgment at [70].

(b) Second, Mdm Chee, OOL and Gateway Plus only produced the POASL and the
notices and demands allegedly issued under it for the first time in April 2019
and not when the respondents had made a specific request for this class of
documents in 2017. These documents were also not disclosed in the initial
round of disclosure in February 2019. This suggested to the Judge that the
POASL and the notice and demands allegedly issued under it were a recent
fabrication and not truly dated documents. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Judgment at [71].

(c) Third, there was no evidence that OOL had any basis in February 2010 to
expect that it would acquire a further 301m HMC shares with which to discharge
its obligation to lend a total of 401m HMC shares to Mr Fan. In this regard,
the Judge found it highly improbable that OOL and Mdm Chee managed to foresee
that exactly 301,359,748 additional HMC shares would be transferred, allotted,
declared by way of scrip dividend, or vested by way of a rights issue or bonus
shares in OOL between February 2010 and June 2011. Instead, the Judge found
that it was much more likely that the figure of 401,359,748 was inserted into
a falsely dated POASL after it was calculated in June 2011. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Judgment at [72]–[77].

(d) Fourth, the Judge found that Mr Fan, Mdm Chee, OOL and Gateway Plus were
unable to provide any satisfactory explanation as to why, if the POASL was
indeed created and executed in February 2010, it was necessary for Mr Fan and
Mdm Chee to create the SLA and the SAMP in September 2016 to “regularise” it.
This was especially since Mdm Chee’s case was that the POASL captured in an
enforceable contract all six of the key terms of the supposed agreement which
the parties to it reached in February 2010. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Judgment at [78].

(e) Fifth, the Judge observed that the POASL and all the notices and demands
allegedly issued under it which bore OOL’s company stamp (being four of the
seven documents) showed OOL’s name entirely in uppercase. Mdm Chee’s position
in the proceedings below was that these four documents were created, signed,
and stamped on four different dates between 2010 and 2015. On the evidence,
the Judge accepted that OOL had another company stamp in use during this
period in which its name was spelled with initial capital letters only. In the
Judge’s assessment, the fact that four documents said to have been created at
different times over a span of five years used the same version of OOL’s two
(or possibly more) company stamps suggested that these four documents were, in
fact, created, signed, and stamped on a single occasion. That, in turn,
suggested to the Judge that all seven documents were created on one occasion
and falsely backdated. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Judgment at [81].

24 Mdm Chee made little or no attempt to persuade us that the Judge was wrong
in making those findings. The submission in her case was a bare assertion of
her position that the POASL was authentic, not falsely backdated: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Appellant’s Case at [88].

We submit that the [POASL] was authentic. It was truly made and dated 28
February 2010. On 28 February 2010, OOL had 401,359,748 HMC shares and did
lend the same number of HMC shares to the Bankrupt. The evidence for this is
in [33] and [34] of D2’ AEIC.

25 We were thus of the view that the Judge’s findings that the POASL was not
authentic, falsely backdated, and in any event a sham agreement, were factual
findings; and Mdm Chee’s bare assertion disagreeing with the Judge’s
conclusion did not justify appellate intervention.

26 Second, the POASL was not pleaded in Mdm Chee’s defence. Mdm Chee cited the
Judgment at [66] for the Judge’s observation that he would prefer not to
decide Suit 1078 on a point of pleading alone, but she persisted with her
unamended pleading (which did not mention the POASL) in AD 112.

27 Third, OOL was a party to the POASL – it bore OOL’s company stamp, and OOL
agreed to lend to Mr Fan 401m HMC shares valued at $63m. However, OOL did not
appeal against the Judgment, and when Mdm Chee appealed she did not serve her
notice of appeal on OOL. Pursuant to Order 19 Rule 25 of the Rules of Court
2021, she was obliged to serve her notice of appeal “on all parties who have
an interest in the appeal”. OOL was such a party in relation to the Judge’s
findings that the POASL was falsely backdated, and a sham.

28 The observations by the Court of Appeal in Thahir Kartika Ratna v PT
Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina) [1994] 3 SLR(R) 312 at
[11] are directly relevant and we reproduce them below:

… the respondent’s notice suffered from a fundamental defect which was not
curable…. This cross-appeal, if successful, would affect the interest of the
estate of Gen Thahir in the two deposits but the representatives of the estate
were not a party in the present appeal. A proper party to the cross-appeal was
therefore not before the court and, on that ground, the cross-appeal could not
proceed and be maintained. We accordingly struck out the respondent’s notice.
The proper course to take, if Pertamina wished to appeal against the learned
judge’s decision on the two deposits, is to file a separate notice of appeal
joining the appellant and the representatives of the estate of Gen Thahir as
respondents. That they had not done.

[emphasis added]

29 We thus upheld the Judge’s decision against Mdm Chee on the First
Transaction.

The Sixth Transaction

30 The Sixth Transaction was Mr Fan’s transfer of $782,314.83 from his account
with Hong Leong Finance Limited to Mdm Chee. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Judgment at [272].

The judge found that this was a fraudulent conveyance, an undervalue
transaction, and ordered Mdm Chee to pay the sum to the trustees.

31 Mdm Chee’s only contention for challenging the Judge’s decision on the
Sixth Transaction was that the $782,314.83 belonged to OOL because these were
part of sale proceeds of the 33.03m IHC shares that belonged to OOL. We
rejected this argument for four reasons.

32 First, Mdm Chee did not plead that the sum of $782,314.83 comprised sale
proceeds of the same IHC shares allegedly belonging to OOL under the IHC
Dividend Agreement. Mdm Chee admitted under cross-examination that this
assertion was entirely unpleaded. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript of hearing of Suit 1078 on 14 February 2020, page 68 line 17 to 21,
page 69 line 14 to 16 (ROA, Vol III X, at pp 215 to 216).

33 Second, not only did Mdm Chee put forward no evidence that the sum of
$782,314.83 belonged to OOL, but she also directly contradicted this assertion
by her evidence under cross-examination that the transfer of $782,314.83 did
not relate to the 33.03m IHC shares allegedly held by Mr Fan on trust for OOL.
She acknowledged that she could not identify the 33.03m IHC shares allegedly
held on trust by Mr Fan for OOL, and that neither in her Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) nor in her defence did she say that the sale of
22.4m IHC shares by Hong Leong Finance formed part of those 33.03m IHC shares.
We found the following extracts from the trial below to be pertinent: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript of Suit 1078 Hearing on 14 Feb 2020, pp 67–68 (ROA Vol III X at pp
214–215).

Q: Would you be able to identify the 33 million IHC shares which were
allegedly held on trust under the IHC dividend agreement? I'm talking about
this point in January 2017. Would you have been able to identify the 33
million IHC shares allegedly held on trust?

A: No.

…

Q: …Do you claim at any point in your AEIC that these 22.4 million IHC shares,
sold on 23 January 2017, formed part of the IHC share trust? Do you make that
assertion anywhere?

A: No.

…

Q: You're saying that your defence does refer to this sale of 22.4 million IHC
shares?

A: Oh, no. No.

[emphasis added]

34 Third, OOL had an interest in the issue of whether it owned the $782,314.83
paid by Mr Fan to Mdm Chee. However (as noted above at [27] in relation to the
First Transaction), OOL did not appeal against the Judgment and Mdm Fan did
not serve her notice of appeal on OOL.

35 Fourth, the Judge provided three separate reasons for holding that the
alleged “IHC Dividend Agreement never existed” at [276]–[279] of the Judgment:

(a) The defendants’ case on that point rested only on oral assertions by her
and Mr Fan that the IHC Dividend Agreement existed, and that it was the reason
for the transfer of $782,314.83 from Mr Fan to Mdm Chee – but he accorded
their oral assertions only the slightest credit.

(b) Mr Fan did not refer to the IHC Dividend Agreement as the reason for the
transfer in the only contemporaneous document available, namely his withdrawal
instruction to Hong Leong Finance Limited – he simply said, “Withdrawal of
credit balance”.

(c) Mr Fan and the defendants offered no convincing reason for Mr Fan
transferring the moneys to an account in Mdm Chee’s name as agent for OOL
rather than directly to an account in OOL’s name.

36 Mdm Chee failed to deal with any of these factual findings and there was no
basis for us to interfere with the Judge’s findings.

37 Once again, her submission on appeal was just a bare assertion of her
position:

We submit that the $782,414.83 did not belong to the Bankrupt. The money
belonged to OOL because these were part of sale proceeds of 33,028,458 IHC
shares that belonged to OOL. The evidence of this is in [132] and [135] of D2
AEIC (Appellant’s Case, [90])

38 We thus upheld the Judge’s decision against Mdm Chee on the Sixth
Transaction.

The Seventh Transaction

39 The Seventh Transaction involved Mr Fan selling 1.25m IHC bonds to OOL on
13 February 2017 for $850,000, OOL making a profit of $420,000 when the bonds
were redeemed with interest just 14 days later, and Mr Fan transferring to Mdm
Chee (without consideration) the $850,000 which he had received from OOL.

40 The Judge found that it was Mr Fan’s and Mdm Chee’s common and fraudulent
intention in selling the bonds, to put the bonds and their proceeds of sale
out of reach of Mr Fan’s creditors (the Judgment at [301]). He found the sale
to be a fraudulent conveyance (the Judgment at [293]–[302]) and a transaction
at an undervalue (the Judgment at [303]–[306]). He thus ordered that Mdm Chee
pay the sum of $850,000 that she had received, to the trustees (the Judgment
at [311]).

41 Mdm Chee’s contention on appeal was that the bonds that Mr Fan had sold to
OOL belonged to another company known as One Organisation Private Limited
(“OOPL”). Thus, Mdm Chee contended that the proceeds of sale of those bonds
(which she had received from Mr Fan), belonged to OOPL. OOPL was once wholly
owned by Mr Fan, but in February 2016 he transferred his ownership of OOPL to
Gateway Plus (which was in turn owned by OOL) for nominal consideration of
US$1. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Judgment at [233].

That transfer of ownership of OOPL was the Fourth Transaction in Suit 1078 –
the Judge found that to be a fraudulent conveyance and a transaction at an
undervalue, and ordered Gateway Plus to pay to the trustees the sum of $2.18m
representing the value of OOPL.

42 We rejected Mdm Chee’s contention that the bonds belonged to OOPL, for four
reasons.

43 First, this contention was entirely unpleaded. We agreed with the trustees
that a matter as fundamental and simple as OOPL’s alleged ownership of the
bonds should have been pleaded by Mdm Chee, but it was not.

44 Second, Mdm Chee did not assert OOPL’s ownership of the bonds in her AEIC
either. It was only Mr Fan’s AEIC that suggested that the IHC Bonds belonged
to OOPL and not him. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Mr Fan’s AEIC at [156]–[158] (ROA Vol III N).

There was no other evidence, documentary or otherwise, to substantiate the
assertion that the bonds belonged to OOPL. The Judge found that the bonds were
held by the brokerage KGI Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd for Mr Fan, and that
Mr Fan had made a voluntary sale of the bonds to OOL (the Judgment at [297]).

45 Third, OOPL’s alleged ownership of the bonds was inconsistent with the sale
proceeds being paid out to Mr Fan – there was no reason why:

(a) OOL would have paid Mr Fan and not OOPL the $850,000 for the bonds on 10
February 2017;

(b) Mr Fan would have then transferred this sum to Mdm Chee and not OOPL on 13
February 2017; and

(c) OOL and not OOPL thereafter kept the full payout from IHC from the
redemption of the bonds, of $1,266,128.88.

46 Fourth, OOPL had an interest in the issue of whether it owned the bonds
that Mr Fan had sold, and the proceeds of sale that Mr Fan had paid to Mdm
Chee. However, Mdm Fan did not serve her notice of appeal on OOPL.

47 We thus upheld the Judge’s decision against Mdm Chee on the Seventh
Transaction.

Costs

48 In awarding indemnity costs against the defendants at first instance, the
Judge did so because of the dishonest way in which they had conducted their
defence in this action, amounting to an abuse of process, as set out in the
Judgment at [54]–[61] and [66]. That involved Mdm Chee and Mr Fan presenting a
false narrative seeking to deceive the trustees and the court, with Mdm Chee
and Mr Fan creating, signing, and falsely dating two agreements, the SLA and
the SAMP, and creating and signing several falsely dated notices purporting to
have been issued over a period of four years (the Judgment at [54]–[55]). The
Judge’s order of indemnity costs was amply justified.

49 The Judge did not include criticism of the POASL in that section of the
Judgment, but he also found that POASL was not authentic, falsely backdated,
not authentic, and in any event a sham.

50 On appeal, Mdm Chee did not rely on the SLA and the SAMP (which had already
been abandoned at first instance), but she still relied on the POASL which
fared no better than the SLA and the SAMP – that was still dishonest of her.
Moreover, her appeal contentions largely comprised bare assertions of her
position and did not engage with much of the Judgment against her. We were
satisfied that for AD 112 an award of costs on an indemnity basis was likewise
appropriate.

Conclusion

51 For the above reasons, we dismissed Mdm Chee’s appeal in AD 112. We ordered
her to pay to the trustees costs on an indemnity basis, fixed at $55,000, and
disbursements of $8,000. The usual consequential orders were made.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Debbie Ong Siew Ling  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
Andre Maniam  
Judge of the High Court |   
  
Goh Kok Leong, Fu Xiangming Max and Navin Kumar s/o Tamil Selvan (Ang &
Partners) for the appellant;

Chan Chee Yin Andrew, Tay Yu Xi, Yeo Alexander Lawrence Han Tiong, Chew Jing
Wei, Lee Suet Yean Cherlyn and Edwin Teong Ying Keat (Allen & Gledhill LLP)
for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2023 (11:58 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

