Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 322

Suit No 30 of 2022

Between

| Karan Bagga  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Stichting Chemical Distribution Institute  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Tort — Defamation — Damages]

[Tort — Defamation — Defamatory statements]

[Tort — Defamation — Justification]

[Tort — Defamation — Malice]  
[Tort — Defamation — Malicious falsehood]

[Tort — Defamation — Publication]

[Tort — Defamation — Qualified privilege]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in Law Net and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Karan Bagga

  
v

  

Stichting Chemical Distribution Institute

[2023] SGHC 322

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 30 of 2022  
See Kee Oon J  
7, 8, 10, 11 August 2023

9 November 2023 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Mr Karan Bagga (“Mr Bagga” or the “Plaintiff”), commenced
HC/S 30/2022 (“Suit 30”) and HC/S 71/2022 against the defendant, Stichting
Chemical Distribution Institute (“CDI” or the “Defendant”) for defamation and
malicious falsehood in respect of certain statements made by CDI. Both suits
were subsequently consolidated under Suit 30.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

2 At various times, Mr Bagga held and continues to hold several accreditations
under schemes run by CDI. CDI is a non-profit-making foundation which is
incorporated in the Netherlands and operates out of the United Kingdom (the
“UK”). It runs various inspection schemes for the marine chemical industry:
(a) the CDI marine inspection scheme for the inspection of vessels (“CDI-M”);
(b) the CDI terminal inspection scheme for the inspection of terminals
(“CDI-T”); and (c) the International Marine Packed Cargo Audit Scheme
(“IMPCAS”). The board of directors of CDI (the “CDI BOD”) is responsible for
the overall affairs of CDI. CDI also has executive boards which oversee the
day-to-day activities under each scheme, including an executive board which
oversees the CDI-M scheme (the “CDI EB”). CDI also has an Accreditation
Committee (“CDI AC”) which sets out the pre-requisites for accreditation as an
inspector under its schemes, reviews inspector performance and activities, and
reviews complaints made against inspectors. The general manager of CDI is Mr
Howard Newby Snaith (“Mr Snaith”).

3 Mr Bagga conducts his business of providing marine surveying services and
other marine consultancy work through Noah’s Ark Maritime Organisation Pte Ltd
(“NAMO”), which is a company incorporated in Singapore. Mr Bagga is the
managing director of NAMO.

Background to the dispute

4 Mr Bagga was accredited as a CDI-M inspector on 30 September 2013, and met
the qualifying conditions for the CDI-M accreditation on 13 November 2013. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Mr Bagga’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at para 9; Statement of
Claim at para 7; Defence at para 8; Notes of Evidence (“NE”) for 7 August 2023
at p 21 line 20 – p 23 line 12.

5 The process of providing an inspection under the CDI-M scheme runs,
generally, as follows: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at para 16.

(a) A shipping company wishing to have a vessel inspected first makes an
inspection request to CDI.

(b) CDI nominates the inspector at the top of its rotating list of available
inspectors in the applicable zone in which the vessel will be inspected. This
nomination system is known as the mechanical rotation system (the “MRS”).

(c) CDI contacts the nominated inspector and informs the requesting shipping
company of the nominated inspector.

(d) In Mr Bagga’s case, he sends a copy of the standard terms of business of
NAMO to the shipping company, and the shipping company may accept, negotiate,
or decline the said terms. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Bagga’s AEIC at para 11.

(e) If the shipping company wishes to appoint the nominated inspector, it
agrees on the terms of the appointment directly with the inspector, at which
point the inspector will rotate to the bottom of the list in the MRS.

(f) If the shipping company does not wish to appoint the nominated inspector
or they are unable to agree on the terms of appointment, the shipping company
can submit a “Motivated Reason” (“MR”) request to CDI asking that the CDI
nominate a second inspector. If CDI upholds this MR request, it identifies the
next inspector on the top of the MRS list. In the event the shipping company
agrees to the appointment of the second inspector, the first inspector returns
to the top of the MRS list.

(g) Following the completion of the inspection, the inspector’s report will be
uploaded to the CDI-M database.

6 Between 13 November 2013 and 27 October 2016, the following MR requests were
made in respect of Mr Bagga and supported by CDI:

(a) in May 2014, Fleet Management Limited (“Fleet”) made a MR request on
account of Mr Bagga’s proposed inspection fees; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at para 22.

(b) in August 2014, Hong Lam Marine (“Hong Lam”) made a MR request due to Mr
Bagga’s high fees; 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at para 24.

and

(c) on 19 September 2016, Iino Marine Service Co Ltd (“Iino”) raised a MR
request on the basis of Mr Bagga’s proposed inspection fees. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at para 25.

7 In another instance, Mr Bagga wrote to CDI on 9 June 2014 in relation to an
inspection conducted for Norstar Ship Management Singapore (“Norstar”). Mr
Bagga sought CDI’s assistance to recover his fees, which Norstar had withheld
on the basis that the charges were too high. CDI declined to be directly
involved in the discussions between Mr Bagga and Norstar, and reminded Mr
Bagga to refrain from charging excessive fees. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at para 23.

8 On 27 October 2016, MTM Ship Management Singapore (“MTM”) complained to CDI
about Mr Bagga’s excessive fees and poor attitude (the “MTM Complaint”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Bagga’s AEIC at para 16; Mr Snaith’s AEIC at paras 26–30.

9 Following the MTM Complaint, on 28 October 2016, Mr Snaith wrote to Mr Bagga
informing him that his CDI-M accreditation would be suspended while the claims
in relation to his excessive fees were being investigated. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at para 34; Mr Bagga’s AEIC at para 17.

10 On CDI’s part, Mr Snaith initiated a formal investigation into MTM’s
allegations against Mr Bagga. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at para 39.

He concluded that there were sufficient grounds to establish a pattern of
pricing abuse by Mr Bagga and accordingly wrote to the CDI EB on 21 December
2016 informing them of the MTM Complaint and recommending that the CDI EB
convene a disciplinary review to decide the status of Mr Bagga’s
accreditation. All members of the CDI EB agreed with this recommendation. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at paras 43 and 45.

On 9 January 2017, Mr Snaith informed Mr Bagga that the CDI EB invited Mr
Bagga to attend an interview. At the meeting, which took place on 26 January
2017 (the “CDI EB Meeting”), 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at paras 48–49.

Mr Bagga was interviewed and the CDI EB decided to revoke his CDI-M
accreditation. Mr Snaith informed Mr Bagga of this on 7 February 2017. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at paras 53–54; Mr Bagga’s AEIC at para 17.

11 Mr Bagga commenced proceedings in the UK against CDI alleging wrongful
suspension and revocation of his CDI-M accreditation (the “UK proceedings”).
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Bagga’s AEIC at para 20.

In the course of disclosure of documents in the UK proceedings, Mr Bagga found
that some of these documents contained allegedly defamatory statements. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Bagga’s AEIC at paras 21 and 25.

The UK proceedings culminated in a settlement between the parties. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Bagga’s AEIC at para 22.

Mr Bagga also applied for the English court’s permission for subsequent use of
the said documents which had been disclosed. CDI consented to this
application. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Bagga’s AEIC at paras 23–24.

12 Mr Bagga subsequently commenced two actions in Singapore in respect of the
same defamatory statements – one on 17 January 2022 for defamation and the
second on 27 January 2022 for malicious falsehood. These actions were
consolidated under the present claim.

The parties’ cases

Mr Bagga’s case

13 Mr Bagga claims that the following statements are defamatory:

S/N| Statement| Method, recipient(s) and date of communication  
---|---|---  
1| I received a formal complaint from a ship operator MTM on the 27th October
2016, in relation to an accredited CDI inspector: Captain Karan Bagga
regarding his high inspection fees. This is a serious matter and there have
being previous cases of his abuse of inspection fees resulting in previous
written warnings from CDI …Although the EB is at liberty to immediately
withdraw this inspectors CDI-Marine accreditation, doing so could pose an
additional risk to CDI-T & IMPCAS audits, as Capt Bagga is also accredited for
those schemes. Hence, to mitigate such risk of a “loose cannon” situation as a
possible result; then any removal of CDI accreditation should also probably
include full removal of his CDI-T and IMPCAS accreditation also. Therefore,
although it is for the Executive Board to make its decision; I'm proposing
that CDI is cautious in its approach, (based on CDI legal advice received) and
would urge the Executive Board to consider the following course of action and
advise me if you are in agreement; Although Capt Bagga is already suspended
for CDI-Marine inspections CDI also suspends immediately his accreditation
with CDI-T and IMPCAS … Captain Bagga was therefore immediately suspended from
conducting any further CDI-Marine inspections pending a full investigation, on
the basis that his excessively high fees would damage the reputation of CDI.
(CDI has the right (and the duty) to suspend an inspector (i.e. to cease
nominating an inspector for CDI inspections), if CDI holds a concern that the
inspector’s behaviour might damage the CDI foundation and/or bring it into
disrepute … This particular complaint follows a number of similar issues,
either listed as complaints or as claims for ‘Motivated Reasons’ (MR) against
Capt Bagga … Having liaised with CDI's lawyer we have established that a
pattern of pricing abuse. 18

##### Foot Note 18

× Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 1 of 6 (“1AB”) at pp 480–482; Agreed
Bundle of Documents Volume 6 of 6 (“6AB”) at pp 3030–3033; Statement of Claim
at para 36.1. (the “1st Statement”)| Email sent to all members of the CDI EB,
namely Mr Jan Antonssen (“Mr Antonssen”), Mr John Kelly, Mr Luc Cassan “Mr
Cassan”), Mr James Prazak, Mr Steven Beddegenoodts, Mr Paul Verschueren (“Mr
Verschueren”), on 21 December 2016  
2| The GM advised that the reason this meeting had being called as an Extra
Ordinary meeting of the CDI-Marine Executive Board was in view of the number
of “Motivated Reasons (MR) for costs” received regarding Capt. Bagga's
inspection fees, as well as the number of complaints received regarding Capt.
Bagga's inspection fees and invoices for his inspections submitted to CDI. In
view of this; Capt. Bagga was placed on suspension from CDI-M activities
pending a full investigation and evaluation. The investigation was to
establish if the high number of MR and complaints established a pattern of
excessive fees for his inspection services; which would be evidence of abusive
behaviour likely to endanger the CDI Foundation.… CDI management addressed the
aspect relating to his inspection fees in view of previous high number of
supported Motivated Reasons submitted to CDI and previous complaints received
regarding his inspection cost as well as evidence of his previous invoices for
inspection services, which he had shared with CDI. In absolute numbers between
2014 and now, no other CDI inspector than Capt. Bagga has received as many
MR/complaints.In view of the high number of claims for MR; the complaints
received and inspection invoices submitted by Captain Bagga, which had been
passed to CDI; Capt. Bagga was placed on suspension from CDI-M activities
pending a full investigation and evaluation. …. Interview panel
review/assessment The EB reviewed and considered all aspects of the
information provided and received, including all the comments made by Captain
Bagga. The EB concluded that Captain Bagga’s CDI-Marine accreditation should
be withdrawn; the EB also discussed the withdrawal period and concluded that
no time limit could be set. Consequently, the EB agreed upon the following
actions.Action Item 1: To inform Captain Bagga that his CDI-Marine
accreditation was revoked with immediate effect, on the basis that they find
his inspection fees to be excessive to the extent that they are considered to
demonstrate an abusive behaviour likely to endanger the function of the CDI’s
Foundation and reputation. In addition, there had being no indication provided
by Captain Bagga that he recognised that damage may be caused to CDI by his
actions.Action Item 2: The General manager to send a formal written warning to
those other (small number of inspectors), who have received more than 1 claim
for Motivated Reason, (which has been supported by CDI). To remind them of
CDI’s operating procedures section 5.5 and the accreditation procedure section
3.0.1, in particular, expressing the EB’s concern at the supported claims for
MR against them and that Excessive fees for inspection services and costs are
considered to be an abusive behaviour likely to endanger the function of the
CDI Foundation. The Executive Board may take direct action against inspectors
whose abusive behaviour has been established.Action Item 3: The seriousness of
excessive pricing will continue to be raised at the annual inspector refresher
seminars.Action Item 4: It was recommended that the IMPCAS and CDI-T Operating
and Accreditation Manuals incorporate similar wording to that contained within
sections 3.01.1 and 5.5 of the CDI-M Operating Manuals.Action Item 4: GM to
liaise with CDI’s legal advisor regarding structuring a standardised form of
text to send to inspectors in relation to a supported claim for Motivated
Reason for cost. 19

##### Foot Note 19

× Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 3 of 6 (“3AB”) at pp 1663–1669; 6AB at pp
3152–3158; Statement of Claim at para 36.2. (the “2nd Statement”)| Email sent
to all members of CDI EB on 2 February 2017, attaching the minutes of the CDI
EB Meeting which contains the 2nd Statement  
3| However, in view of the nature of this complaint I referred this matter
directly to the CDI-Marine Executive Board. The Executive Board has conducted
a full and very detailed assessment of the complaint, which has taken
considerable time to complete. In its conclusions the CDI-Marine Executive
Board has expressed concern regarding Captain Bagga's inspection fees and has
taken measures in order to avoid further complaints in this respect. 20

##### Foot Note 20

× 1AB at p 434; Statement of Claim at para 36.3. (the “3rd Statement”)(for the
purposes of the 3rd Allegation I make no distinction between the allegation
that Mr Bagga’s fees were “unreasonably exorbitant and/or excessive” and that
CDI “established a pattern of pricing abuse against” Mr Bagga)| Email sent to
MTM on 9 February 2017; the recipients are Mr Jayanta Dutta, Mr Robert Ord, Mr
Vijay Rangroo, Mr Donald Carroll and Mr Neelamohan Padhi of MTM, Mr Terry
Frith (“Mr Frith”) and Mr Mike Banon (“Mr Banon”) of CDI  
4| … relating to review of CDI Inspector Capt. Bagga CDI accreditation, as a
result of continued pricing abuse regarding his CDI inspection fees. This
included a video conference with Bagga, presentations by CDI’s Lawyer and GM.
In short summary, it was agreed to revoke Capt. Bagga’s CDI-Marine
Accreditation 21

##### Foot Note 21

× 6AB at p 3239; Statement of Claim at para 36.4. (the “4th Statement”)| Email
to members of the CDI BOD, attaching a document titled “Monthly update of CDI
activity March 2017” which contains the 4th Statement  
5| Action item 3: The T/M briefly reported at the meeting that CDI Inspector Capt K Bagga had been suspended by the Executive Board on the grounds of alleged high inspection fees following a number of Motivated Reason claims against his inspection fees in late October following a formal complaint from a Ship Operator about this Inspectors inspection fees. Capt. Bagga has been warned of his high costs on a number of occasions by CDI’s general manager over the last 24 months. … After much deliberation it was unanimously decided by the Executive Board that Capt. Bagga would have his CDI M accreditation withdrawn. This has since been carried out.(the “5th Statement”) | Email sent by Mr Banon to members of CDI AC on 20 November 2017, attaching the minutes of a CDI AC meeting which contains the 5th Statement  
6| 8.3) Excessive fees complaintsGM highlighted that there had been a recent
case of abusive cost behavior by one CDI inspector in relation to his
inspection fees, (not his travel costs), but his inspection fees. Despite
repeated warnings this had continued to the extent that CDI felt it was
damaging the functionality of CDI and CDI’s reputation … The matter was
referred to the CDI-Marine Executive Board, who requested an interview with
the inspector, so he could explain his continued abusive pricing actions. In
strict compliance with anti-trust and competition guidelines the Executive
Board were unanimous in their decision and subsequently revoked his CDI-Marine
Accreditation. GM highlighted that inspectors should be aware that the
Executive Board takes such matters of pricing abuse very seriously and can and
will, take action where its deemed appropriate. Such matters received the
support from the IWG with regards to the longevity of CDI and maintaining
CDI’s reputation. 22

##### Foot Note 22

× 6AB at p 3244; Statement of Claim at para 36.6. (the “6th Statement”)| Email
sent by CDI’s Ms Mandy to all CDI inspectors and auditors on 20 June 2017,
attaching the minutes of an Inspector Working Group meeting which contains the
6th Statement 23

##### Foot Note 23

× 6AB at p 3293.  
7| An Extra Ordinary meeting of the CDI-Marine Executive Board was held on the
26th January 2017, in view of the number of “Motivated Reasons (MR) for costs”
received regarding, (a CDI accredited inspector) Capt. Bagga’s inspection
fees, as well as in view of the number of complaints received regarding Capt.
Bagga’s invoices for his inspections. After closely following all legal
procedures and providing provision for Captain Bagga to put his case to the
Executive Board, it was unanimously agreed by the EB to revoke Captain Bagga
CDI-Marine accreditation, on the basis that they found his inspection fees to
be excessive to the extent that they were considered to demonstrate an abusive
behaviour likely to endanger the function of CDI’s foundation and reputation.
In addition, there had been no indication provided by Captain Bagga that he
recognised that damage may be caused to CDI by his actions. 24

##### Foot Note 24

× 6AB at p 3359. (the “7th Statement”)| Email sent by Mr Snaith to members of
the CDI BOD on 11 December 2017 attaching minutes of CDI’s “Management Review
of the Quality Management System” which contains the 7th Statement  
8| GM re-highlighted that the Executive Board of CDI-Marine took action and
revoked one CDI-M inspector’s accreditation in January 2017 due to repeated
excessive fees. 25

##### Foot Note 25

× 6AB at p 3426; Statement of Claim at para 36.8. (the “8th Statement”)
(collectively, the “Statements”)| Email sent by CDI’s Ms Mandy to all CDI
inspectors and auditors on 9 April 2018, 26

##### Foot Note 26

× 6AB at p 3438. attaching the minutes of an Inspector Working Group meeting
which contains the 8th Statement  
  
14 Mr Bagga’s case is that the Statements referred to or were understood to
refer to him. In particular, although the 6th and 8th Statements did not make
direct reference to him, a reasonable person would infer that they did refer
to him, especially as CDI never denied that there was such reference including
in their lawyer’s letter dated 8 March 2019. Moreover, the recipients of these
Statements were a small and niche group and Mr Bagga was the only inspector
whose CDI-M accreditation was revoked on account of excessive fees. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Statement of Claim at paras 38.2–38.3; Reply at para 8.

15 Mr Bagga claims that the Statements meant or were understood to mean, inter
alia, that:

(a) his inspection fees were excessive;

(b) CDI established that he exhibited a pattern of pricing abuse;

(c) he was abusing his position as a CDI-M inspector and taking advantage of
CDI’s systems by charging excessive fees;

(d) he received and ignored numerous warnings from CDI about his fees;

(e) CDI received complaints about his inspection fees;

(f) CDI has the power to curtail or influence inspection fees charged by
inspectors accredited under their schemes and exercised such power “legally
and/or fairly and/or reasonably”;

(g) CDI conducted a thorough investigation upon receiving the MTM Complaint;

(h) the CDI EB unanimously agreed on suspending and revoking his CDI-M
accreditation due to his pricing abuse;

(i) the Inspector’s Working Group agreed with the decision to revoke his CDI-M
accreditation;

(j) CDI adhered to all legal procedures in suspending and revoking his CDI-M
accreditation;

(k) his behaviour was damaging to CDI and brought it into disrepute;

(l) he was a risk to other CDI accreditation scheme such that he should be
suspended from CDI-T and IMPCAS too;

(m) his excessive pricing was so significant as to warrant CDI singling him
out and revoking his CDI-M accreditation; and

(n) he was not a professional and was irresponsible. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Statement of Claim at para 39; Mr Bagga’s Written Opening Statement (“WOS”) at
Annex A.

16 Mr Bagga says that these allegations are false and defamatory. Mr Bagga
submits that his inspection fees were not excessive. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Statement of Claim at paras 43.1, 43.5, 43.6.

In relation to CDI’s actions following the MTM Complaint, he argues that CDI
sought to mislead its audience so as to make its actions (ie, suspending and
revoking Mr Bagga’s CDI-M accreditation) appear justified and reasonable. In
this regard, he argues that CDI inflated the number of warnings or complaints
made against him. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Statement of Claim at paras 44.1–44.2; Reply at paras 3, 6, 16 and 17.

The singular complaint from MTM was also misconceived as MTM had previously
agreed to his terms. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Statement of Claim at para 44.3.

CDI also did not conduct a full and detailed investigation into his matter. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Statement of Claim at para 46.

Mr Bagga further points out that the settlement of the UK proceedings meant
that CDI had accepted that their revocation of his accreditation was baseless.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Statement of Claim at para 43.2.

CDI’s case

17 CDI denies that it made defamatory statements. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defence at para 34.

18 CDI claims, in the first place, that the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th and 7th
Statements were not published, since they were sent only to the CDI BOD, CDI
EB or CDI AC. As such, they do not constitute defamatory statements. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defence at para 39; CDI’s Written Opening Statement (“WOS”) at paras 18 and
24.

Furthermore, the 6th and 8th Statements do not expressly refer to Mr Bagga and
an ordinary reasonable person would not reasonably understand Mr Bagga to be
the subject of those statements. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defence at para 36; CDI’s WOS at paras 26–27.

19 CDI also contests the allegations which Mr Bagga says are made in the
Statements: the Statements make no suggestion that Mr Bagga was
unprofessional, nor that he took advantage of CDI’s systems, nor was he
singled out. Instead, CDI claims that the ordinary and natural meaning of the
Statements was as follows:

(a) Mr Bagga engaged in excessive pricing behaviour on multiple occasions;

(b) CDI warned Mr Bagga on multiple occasions about his excessive pricing
prior to the MTM Complaint;

(c) following the MTM Complaint and pending a review of the allegations
therein, CDI suspended Mr Bagga’s CDI-M accreditation;

(d) CDI conducted a “proper review and/or investigation” into Mr Bagga’s
excessive pricing behaviour; and

(e) the CDI EB eventually determined that there was a pattern of excessive
pricing and resolved that Mr Bagga’s accreditation be revoked. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defence at paras 37–38; CDI’s WOS at para 30.

20 CDI avers that the aforesaid meaning of the Statements is true in substance
and in fact, which avails CDI of the defence of justification. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defence at para 42.

It also relies on section 8 of the Defamation Act 1957. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defence at para 44.

21 CDI pleads the defence of qualified privilege. CDI honestly believed in the
truth of the Statements. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

CDI’s WOS at para 41(a).

It claims that, since it is responsible for the accreditation of inspectors
and auditors under the CDI-M scheme, it has to ensure that inspections carried
out thereunder are conducted to a consistent standard globally. The Statements
are concerned with an inspector’s conduct in carrying out inspections under
the CDI-M scheme. Accordingly, CDI had a “legitimate duty and/or interest to
communicate”, and the recipients of the Statements had a “legitimate interest
to receive and/or be informed” of the Statements. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence at para 52; CDI’s WOS at paras 38 and 41.

22 In response, Mr Bagga says that the Statements are “not true in substance
and/or fact” and are thus not protected by the defence of justification. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Reply at para 10.

23 As for CDI’s defence of qualified privilege, Mr Bagga claims that CDI did
not honestly believe in the truth of the Statements at the time of their
publication and instead made the Statements “out of ill-will, spite and/or
malice”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Statement of Claim at paras 50, 51 and 55; Reply at paras 10 and 18(a).

24 CDI denies the allegations of malice: it claims to have honestly believed
in the truth of the Statements, and denies publishing them out of ill-will,
spite or malice towards Mr Bagga, or with any improper purpose. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence at paras 50–59.

Issues to be determined

25 The following issues arise for determination in relation to whether Mr
Bagga has established a prima facie case that he had been defamed by way of
the Statements:

(a) Was there publication of the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th and 7th Statements?

(b) Do the 6th and 8th Statements refer to Mr Bagga?

(c) Are the Statements defamatory in nature?

26 In the event Mr Bagga establishes a prima facie case of defamation, it will
be necessary then to consider the defences raised by CDI. CDI’s invocation of
the defence of justification raises the following issues:

(a) What are the ‘stings’ of the defamation? In other words, what is the main
gist or charge of each Statement?

(b) Are the ‘stings’ true? In other words, is the substance or gist of each
Statement true?

27 CDI also relies on the defence of qualified privilege, to which Mr Bagga
objects by claiming malice. The following issues arise for consideration:

(a) Did CDI have a legitimate interest in disclosing the information in the
Statements?

(b) Did the recipients of each Statement have a legitimate interest in
receiving the said Statement?

(c) Did CDI have an honest belief in the truth of the Statements at the time
of their publication?

(d) Even if CDI honestly believed in the truth of the Statements, was their
publication motivated by a dominant improper motive?

Issue 1: Was there publication of the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th and 7th Statements?

28 In order for Mr Bagga to establish CDI’s prima facie liability for
defamation, he must prove that CDI published the defamatory material to a
third party (Gary Chan Kok Yew, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy
Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016) (“Gary Chan”) at para 12.010; applied in Qingdao
Bohai Construction Group Co Ltd and others v Goh Teck Beng and another [2016]
4 SLR 977 (“Qingdao”) at [34]). The question, therefore, is whether the CDI
BOD, CDI EC, and CDI AC constitute third parties in relation to CDI. I find
that they are not third parties in relation to CDI, and therefore the
publication requirement is not satisfied in relation to these Statements.

The parties’ cases

29 Mr Bagga’s case is that all the Statements were published, since CDI
accepts that the 3rd, 6th and 8th Statements were published and there was
publication of the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th and 7th Statements. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Eg, Statement of Claim at paras 38, 50, 51.2; Mr Bagga’s WOS at para 21; Mr
Bagga’s Written Closing Submissions (“WCS”) at para 99.

This is because this latter category of Statements were made “to the external
email domain addresses of third party chemical companies”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 99.

30 CDI avers that there was no publication of the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th and 7th
Statements 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

CDI’s WOS at Annex A; Defence at para 39.

because they were not sent to a third party, instead, they were internally
circulated amongst various organs of CDI. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

CDI’s WCS at para 8.2.1.

The 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th and 7th Statements were not published

31 In my view, members of the CDI BOD, CDI EB and CDI AC cannot be regarded as
third parties to CDI for the purposes of publication of a defamatory
statement.

32 First, these are straightforwardly internal bodies of CDI – this is evident
from the documents available. In particular, CDI’s “Year Book 2018” introduces
the CDI BOD, CDI EB and CDI AC as “The People of the CDI”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

3AB at pp 1188–1189.

They clearly perform functions which are core to the operation of CDI, in
other words, they are what allow CDI to function. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

CDI’s WCS at para 8.2.2.

Mr Bagga also admits that CDI is “[m]anaged by” the CDI BOD, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Mr Bagga’s WOS at para 3.

and that CDI operates inspection schemes and the schemes are overseen by the
CDI EB. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Mr Bagga’s WOS at para 3.

Mr Bagga argues that the CDI BOD and the CDI EB cannot be considered internal
to CDI because, if that is the case, “all its members – the oil, chemical and
gas industry – are internal to the CDI”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 109; Mr Bagga’s Written Reply Closing Submissions
(“WRCS”) at para 20.

But Mr Bagga does not offer any basis for this illogical leap in this
reasoning which would regard the entire panoply of companies in the oil,
chemical and gas industry for which members of the CDI BOD and the CDI EB
perform work as being internal to CDI. That is neither CDI’s assertion nor a
necessary implication of CDI’s case.

33 Mr Bagga’s primary basis for alleging that the CDI BOD, CDI EB and CDI AC
are not “organs of CDI” appears to be that the members’ email addresses do not
reflect a common email domain associated with CDI, instead, the said members
use email addresses registered with the respective chemical companies they
work for. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) for 7 August 2023 at p 20 lines 6 – p 21 line 14; NE
for 8 August 2023 at p 27 lines 13–16, p 28 line 23 – p 29 line 1; Mr Bagga’s
WCS at paras 101 and 106; Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 21.

This is an overly formalistic view. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

CDI’s WCS at para 8.2.5.

The more important factor is that, in receiving the Statements, they were
acting in their capacities as members of the CDI BOD, CDI EB or CDI AC, as the
case may be. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

CDI’s WCS at para 8.1.2; CDI’s WRCS at paras 3.2.2–3.2.4.

There is no basis for Mr Bagga’s contrary assertion that the Statements were
sent to “various chemical company representatives on behalf of their
respective chemical companies … companies [which] acted on their own behalf,
not as agents of CDI”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 114; Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 18.

The fact that CDI exists for the benefit of these chemical companies also does
not mean that the Statements were sent to the recipients in their capacities
as employees or agents of those chemical companies. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 118–120; Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 18.

34 Mr Bagga’s attempt to persuade me on this point by pointing out that CDI
cannot share pricing information with the CDI EB members 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 19.

is also questionable. It has never been his case, until he put forward his
reply closing submissions, that differences in access to documents and records
meant that the CDI BOD, CDI EB and CDI AC are external to CDI, and CDI did not
have the chance to respond. He has also not adduced evidence to show such a
difference in access. Mr Bagga further relies on Mr Snaith’s refusal, in an
email, to respond to Mr Verschueren’s query on what constitutes an acceptable
price. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 19; Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 46.

But he misconstrues both the email and Mr Snaith’s testimony, which say that
CDI cannot give any indication on what constitutes a reasonable price
generally; 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

6AB at p 3076; NE for 10 August 2023 at p 30 line 8 – p 31 line 16.

Mr Snaith did not say that he could not give a price indication because Mr
Verschueren was a member of the CDI EB. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

See also CDI’s WRCS at para 3.2.9.

35 Furthermore, Mr Bagga argues that these are third parties to CDI because
the Statements “subsequently became the property of those oil and chemical
conglomerates” 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 102–105.

and can be circulated within the chemical companies. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 104, 105 and 121–122; Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 21.

However, no effort is made to explain why the concept of dominion or further
circulation of the Statements is relevant. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

CDI’s WRCS at para 3.2.5. See also Mr Bagga’s WRCS at paras 20–21.

36 Second, there is authority for the proposition that publication of
defamatory words by a company or organisation to its employee, director or
agent, acting as representatives of the said company or organisation, does not
amount to publication for the purposes of defamation (Halsbury's Laws of
Singapore volume 8(2A) (LexisNexis Singapore) at para 96.078).

37 Kesavan Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd v S P Powerassets Limited [2011]
SGDC 179 (“Kesavan”) concerned a plaintiff company which was awarded a
contract by the defendant. The defendant claimed that the plaintiff company
had failed to deliver certain works and had written a letter to the plaintiff
company maintaining that no moneys had been due to the plaintiff company. This
letter was addressed to the plaintiff company. The plaintiff company commenced
a claim in defamation, which the defendant sought to strike out. The District
Judge (“DJ”) agreed with the defendant that, since the letter had been read by
four persons who were employees or a director of the plaintiff company acting
in the ordinary course of business in these capacities, there was no
publication of the alleged defamatory material (Kesavan at [21], [22] and
[30]). I agree with the DJ’s reasoning, which I summarise here. Two cases were
brought to the DJ’s attention: the first case, Traztand Pty Ltd v Government
Insurance Office of New South Wales (1984) 2 NSWLR 598 (“Traztand”), held (at
600) that “a publication defamatory of and concerning a company made only to a
servant or agent of that company constitutes a sufficient publication of that
statement in law”. In the second case, State Bank of New South Wales v
Currabubula Holdings [2001] NSWCA 47 (“State Bank”), the Court of Appeal of
New South Wales held at [129] that:

a communication to a company which, because the company can only act by
natural persons, is received by someone on behalf of the company in the
ordinary course of business, is communication only to the company and does not
constitute publication. This is not confined to receipt of the communication
by the company's managing director and alter ego, but includes receipt by any
employee receiving the communication on behalf of the company.

The DJ preferred and applied the reasoning in State Bank, for the following
reasons. First, State Bank was a Court of Appeal decision which expressly
overruled Traztand (State Bank at [129]) (Kesavan at [28] and [31]). Second,
the DJ adopted the reconciliation of State Bank and Traztand proposed by
Gatley on Libel and Slander (Patrick Milmo QC & W V H Rogers eds) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2008): where the allegedly defamatory material could result
in employees losing confidence in the company, then the communication of the
said material to an employee could amount to publication (Kesavan at [29] and
[30]).

38 I accept that the facts before me are distinguishable from Kesavan: for
one, the Statements were directed at the members of the CDI BOD, CDI EB or CDI
AC specifically, rather than being directed at CDI but read by an employee,
director, agent or representative of CDI. Further, the Statements were made by
CDI, and not sent by another party to CDI. Finally, CDI is not a company but
an organisation. But contrary to Mr Bagga’s contention, the facts are not
distinguishable from Kesavan because “the [CDI] EB, [CDI] AC and CDI [BOD] do
not act or receive information on behalf of CDI or as CDI’s agents” 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 120.

(see [32]–[35] above).

39 None of the abovementioned distinctions interfere with the logic of State
Bank and Kesavan, or render it inapplicable to the facts. In order to
constitute a defamatory statement, the Statements must have been published to
a third party, in other words, the recipient must be distinct from and
external to both the defaming and defamed party (Riddick v Thames Board Mills
Ltd [1977] 1 QB 881 at 898) 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

See also CDI’s WCS at para 8.1.1.

– the underlying principle in State Bank and Kesavan deals with this concept
of being distinct and/or external. Accordingly, it does not matter that the
Statements were directed at members of the CDI BOD, CDI EB or CDI AC (and not
CDI) in so far as all of them are regarded as internal to CDI (at [32]–[35]).
It also does not matter that CDI was the maker of the Statement rather than
the intended recipient since, in both cases, members of the CDI BOD, CDI EB or
CDI AC are not “third parties” relative to the CDI. To put it another way, CDI
effectively published the Statements to itself.

40 Mr Bagga relies on T J Systems (S) Pte Ltd and Others v Ngow Kheong Shen
[2003] SGHC 73 (“T J Systems”) to advance the argument that the chemical
company representatives who received the Statements could “legitimately
circulat[e] those emails internally to others within the same company”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 104–105.

In T J Systems, the defendant, who worked for the plaintiff company, sent a
letter making defamatory allegations about the plaintiff company. The letter
was sent to 15 persons within the plaintiff company. The court found that
there was publication to the 15 recipients, but did not find conclusive
evidence as to whether the email had been further circulated. The case does
not lay down a broad proposition that foreseeable republication affords
sufficient basis for liability.

41 Accordingly, Mr Bagga’s claim fails in relation to the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th
and 7th Statements.

Issue 2: Do the 6th and 8th Statements refer to Mr Bagga?

42 The parties also disagree as to whether the 6th and 8th Statements refer to
Mr Bagga. In order to establish a claim in defamation, Mr Bagga must prove
that these statements refer to him (Gary Chan at para 12.010; Qingdao at
[34]).

The parties’ cases

43 Mr Bagga claims that the 6th and 8th Statements “make clear reference to
[him] by way of inference such that a reasonable person would believe that the
defamatory statements referred to [him]”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Statement of Claim at para 38.2.

He relies on the facts that he was the first and only CDI-M inspector to have
their accreditation revoked; 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Statement of Claim at para 38.7.

only his name was removed from the “Inspectors” tab on the CDI website in
February 2017; 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Statement of Claim at para 38.4; Reply at para 8(f); NE for 8 August 2023 at p
46 lines 14–15.

and the recipients of the 6th and 8th Statements were a small community of 95
CDI-M inspectors worldwide who access the CDI website on a daily basis. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Statement of Claim at para 38.5.

Mr Bagga also says that CDI “accepted liability and [his] identity” and “never
refuted the fact that [the 6th and 8th Statements] refer to [him]” in their
letter dated 8 March 2019 (the “8 March 2019 Letter”). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Statement of Claim at para 38.3; Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 5 of 6
(“5AB”) at p 2302 (para 3.4).

44 CDI denies that the 6th and 8th Statements would be understood by
reasonable persons to refer to Mr Bagga. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defence at para 36(b); CDI’s WOS at para 26.

It points out that there is no express reference to Mr Bagga and that “given
the number of inspectors accredited by the [CDI] at the time, it would not be
immediately obvious to a reasonable reader” whom the “inspector” in the 6th
and 8th Statements each refers to. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

CDI’s WOS at paras 26–27.

Further, since there were other inspectors who previously received warnings
for excessive pricing, it was possible that the 6th and 8th Statements
referred to other inspectors. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE for 8 August 2023 at p 44 line 25 – p 45 line 3, p 46 lines 6–11.

CDI further states that it denied all allegations of defamation and reserved
all its rights in its 8 March 2019 Letter. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defence at para 36(c).

The 6th and 8th Statements do not refer to Mr Bagga

45 I deal first with Mr Bagga’s contention that CDI accepted in the 8 March
2019 Letter that the 6th and 8th Statements were understood to refer to Mr
Bagga. First, Mr Bagga mischaracterises the contents of the 8 March 2019
Letter. It was not the case that CDI “accepted liability”; instead, it
expressly denied liability in respect of the alleged defamation. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

5AB at p 2301 (para 3.1).

Mr Bagga further says that, in the 8 March 2019 Letter, CDI “accepted … the
Plaintiff’s identity”, presumably meaning that CDI accepted that the 6th and
8th Statements refer to Mr Bagga. However, the 8 March 2019 Letter states “it
is denied that the Minutes identify your client [ie, Mr Bagga] … the Minutes
did not name any individual”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

5AB at p 2301 (para 3.2).

I therefore reject Mr Bagga’s argument that CDI conceded this point.

46 Second, Mr Bagga also appears to misapprehend the law: he relies on CDI’s
statement in the 8 March 2019 Letter that “it was wholly appropriate [for CDI]
to inform [CDI inspectors] of the decision in [Mr Bagga’s] case” 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Statement of Claim at paras 38.2–38.3.

to show that the 6th and 8th Statements refer, as a matter of fact, to Mr
Bagga. But he does not need to establish that the 6th and 8th Statements in
fact refer to himself, instead, what he needs to show is that they would lead
the recipients to believe that he was the person referred to at the time of
the publication.

47 In considering whether the 6th and 8th Statements refer to Mr Bagga, the
test is whether the words used to refer to Mr Bagga are such as would
reasonably lead persons acquainted with him, who were aware of the relevant
circumstances or special facts, to believe that he was the person referred to
at the time of the publication (Price Waterhouse Intrust Ltd v Wee Choo Keong
[1994] 2 SLR(R) 1070 (“Price Waterhouse Intrust”) at [18] and [24]; Review
Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal [2010] 1
SLR 52 (“Review Publishing”) at [49]; Golden Season Pte Ltd and others v
Kairos Singapore Holdings Pte Ltd and another [2015] 2 SLR 751 (“Golden
Season”) at [38], [46] and [61]). This is a mixed question of law and fact,
and the following elaboration is instructive (Knupffer v London Express
Newspaper, Limited [1944] AC 116 at 121, cited in Mohamed Hussain v Chew How
Yang Eddie [1995] 1 SLR(R) 916 at [36] and Golden Season at [46]):

The first question is a question of law – can the article having regard to its
language, be regarded as capable of referring to the appellant? The second
question is a question of fact – Does the article, in fact, lead reasonable
people, who know the appellant, to the conclusion that it does refer to him?
Unless the first question can be answered in favour of the appellant, the
second question does not arise …

48 In my view, the language of the 6th and 8th Statements is capable of
referring to Mr Bagga. I turn therefore to the factual question.

49 First, the 6th and 8th Statements were published to all CDI-accredited
inspectors and auditors as at 20 June 2017 and 9 April 2018 respectively. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at p 23, 393–400, 420–429; NE for 8 August 2023 at p 44 lines
3–13.

Neither Statement expressly identifies Mr Bagga. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

CDI’s WCS at para 9.2.1.

50 Second, Mr Bagga puts forward factual assertions to show that a reasonable
recipient would understand the 6th and 8th Statements to refer to him, namely,
that he was the first and only CDI-M inspector to have their accreditation
revoked. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 125–128.

But he does not give any evidence to show that a recipient of the said
Statements would know that his CDI-M accreditation was revoked, nor that he
was the only inspector to ever have his CDI-M accreditation revoked. The
knowledge of relevant circumstances or special facts possessed by the
recipient of an allegedly defamation statement is crucial for the purposes of
this assessment (Price Waterhouse Intrust at [20], [21] and [24]). Although Mr
Bagga highlights Mr Snaith’s testimony that inspectors within his zone would
know that he was a CDI-M accredited inspector, 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 22.

this does not necessarily mean that other inspectors would know that the 6th
and 8th Statements refer to him. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

CDI’s WRCS at para 4.1.4.

Mr Bagga’s assertion here is insufficient to show that a reasonable person
acquainted with him and who was aware of the relevant circumstances or special
facts would understand that he was the person referred to in the 6th and 8th
Statements at the time of their publication.

51 Third, Mr Bagga also argues that, given the small number of CDI-M
inspectors who access the CDI website frequently, the recipients of the 6th
and 8th Statements must have noticed that his name was removed from the
“Inspectors” tab and thereby appreciated that the said Statements refer to
him. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Statement of Claim at paras 38.4–38.7; Mr Bagga’s WRCS at paras 22–24.

But this is all conjecture. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

CDI’s WRCS at para 4.1.6.

Mr Bagga does not provide any evidence to show, for example, that any CDI-M
inspector using the CDI website would necessarily look at the “Inspectors”
tab, nor that the removal of his name from the “Inspectors” tab must have been
noticeable to anyone using the CDI website. To this end, Mr Bagga highlights
that only “ninety-five (95) CDI-M inspectors worldwide with 11 CDI-M
inspectors based in Singapore … access the CDI website daily”, presumably
inviting me to infer that the removal of his name would be noticeable. The
significance of this number of inspectors based in Singapore is unclear given
that no evidence was adduced to suggest that the “Inspectors” tab is sorted or
limited by country. I am also not convinced that the removal of one out of 95
names would necessarily be noticeable. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

See also CDI’s WCS at para 9.2.3; CDI’s WRCS at para 4.1.8.

I therefore disagree that for this reason the recipients of the 6th and 8th
Statements would reasonably have known that these Statements refer to Mr
Bagga.

52 For the foregoing reasons, Mr Bagga’s claim in relation to the 6th and 8th
Statements must fail as they do not refer to him.

Issue 3: Are the Statements defamatory in nature?

53 I next turn to consider whether the Statements are defamatory in nature.
Applying Lee Hsien Loong v Review Publishing Co Ltd and another and another
suit [2009] 1 SLR(R) 177 at [47] (see also Aaron Anne Joseph v Cheong Yip Seng
[1996] 1 SLR(R) 258 (“Aaron Anne Joseph”) at [51]), the Statements are
defamatory if they:

… tend to lower the plaintiff in the estimation of right thinking men in
general (Chiam See Tong v Xin Zhang Jiang Restaurant Pte Ltd [1995] 1 SLR(R)
856), or if they would expose him to hatred, contempt or ridicule (Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin v Goh Chok Tong [1983–1984] SLR(R) 745), or would cause him to
be shunned or avoided (Mohd Onn Muda v Saniboey Mohd Ismail [1998] 1 CLJ 569).

54 As part of the assessment, the court also has to determine the objective
meaning of each Statement based on the general knowledge of an ordinary
reasonable person among the recipients (Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 8(2A)
(LexisNexis) at para 96.034; Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others v Koh Sin Chong
Freddie and another appeal [2012] 1 SLR 506 (“Chan Cheng Wah Bernard”) at
[19], [26] and [27]; Price Waterhouse Intrust at [25]–[26]). Furthermore, the
search for such meaning should also not be confined to a literal or strict
meaning of the words used, but may include reasonable inferences or
implications (A Balakrishnan and others v Nirumalan K Pillay and others [1999]
2 SLR(R) 462 at [29]).

The parties’ cases

55 Mr Bagga’s case is that all of the Statements are defamatory as they make
the following allegations: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Statement of Claim at para 39; Mr Bagga’s WOS at Annex A.

S/n| Allegation | Statement(s)  
---|---|---  
1| That the Plaintiff was not a professional and his character was
irresponsible and risky, that he was a risk to the other CDI accreditation
schemes to the extent that he should be suspended from the other two
accreditation schemes in addition to CDI-M.| 1st, 2nd, 6th  
2| That the Plaintiff’s behaviour was damaging the CDI foundation and bringing
it into disrepute.| 1st, 2nd, 6th, 7th  
3| That the Plaintiff’s inspection fees were unreasonably exorbitant and/or
excessive and the Defendant had established a pattern of pricing abuse against
the Plaintiff;| 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 6th, 7th  
4| That the Plaintiff was abusing his position as, inter alia, a CDI-M
accredited inspector by charging unreasonably exorbitant and/or excessive
inspection fees;| 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 6th, 8th  
5| That the Plaintiff was generally taking advantage of the Defendant’s
systems to earn unreasonably exorbitant and/or excessive inspection fees;|
1st, 6th  
6| That the Plaintiff had been warned of his exorbitant costs on numerous
occasions over the last two years.| 5th  
7| That the Plaintiff had received, and subsequently ignored, numerous
warnings from the Defendant about his inspection fees;(for the purposes of the
7th Allegation I leave aside the allegation that the warnings were ignored,
because Mr Bagga pleads only that the allegation concerning numerous warnings
is defamatory) 90

##### Foot Note 90

× Statement of Claim at para 44. | 1st, 2nd, 6th, 7th  
8| That the Defendant had received several complaints about the Plaintiff’s
inspection fees;|  
9| That the Defendant had raised several complaints about the Plaintiff’s
inspection fees;| 1st, 2nd, 6th, 7th  
10| That the Defendant has the power to curtail and/or influence the
inspection fees charged by CDI-accredited inspectors and auditors, and it has
exercised such power legally and/or fairly and/or reasonably;|  
11| That the Defendant had conducted a thorough investigation upon receiving
the Complaint;|  
12| That the CDI-EB had unanimously agreed on suspending and revoking the
Plaintiff’s CDI-M Accreditation due to his alleged cost abusive behaviour;|
5th, 6th, 7th  
13| That the Inspector’s Working Group agreed with the decision to revoke the
Plaintiff’s CDI-M Accreditation;| 6th  
14| That the Defendant had adhered to all applicable legal procedures in
suspending and, subsequently, revoking the Plaintiff’s CDI-M Accreditation;
and|  
15| That the Plaintiff’s exorbitant pricing was so significant that it
warranted the Defendant’s singling out of the Plaintiff and revoking the
Plaintiff’s CDI-M Accreditation.| 1st, 2nd, 4th, 6th, 7th, 8th  
  
(collectively, the “Allegations” and, individually, the “1st to 15th
Allegations”).

56 Mr Bagga claims that the Allegations are “false, inaccurate, untrue,
unjustified, misleading, and altogether unfair, and tend to lower [his]
professional and personal business and/or reputation in the estimation of
right-thinking members of society.” 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Statement of Claim at paras 43–47; Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 8.

In particular, he says that the 9th–12th Allegations mislead the recipients of
the respective Statements and make CDI’s actions appear justified, proper and
reasonable. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Statement of Claim at paras 46–47.

57 CDI denies that the Statements “bore and/or were understood to bear and/or
were capable of bearing the meanings or any of the other meanings [set out as
the Allegations above], or any defamatory meaning”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Defence at para 37.

Instead, CDI pleads that the Statements:

meant and/or were understood to mean that:

a. The Plaintiff had engaged in excessive pricing behaviour on multiple
occasions.

b. Pending review of the Plaintiff’s conduct, in particular the allegations of
excessive pricing behaviour, the Defendant suspended the Plaintiff’s
accreditation.

c. The Defendant conducted a proper review and/or investigation into the
Plaintiff’s conduct, in particular the allegations of excessive pricing
behaviour.

d. Further to the Defendant’s review and/or investigation, the CDI-M Executive
Board ultimately determined that there was a pattern of excessive pricing on
the Plaintiff’s part, and resolved that the Plaintiff’s accreditation be
revoked. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defence at para 38. See also CDI’s WCS at paras 7.2–7.3.

The 1st, 2nd, 4th –8th Statements are defamatory in nature

58 I need not consider whether the 8th, 10th, 11th and 14th Allegations are
made in the Statements nor whether they are defamatory, as Mr Bagga does not
plead his case as to where these Allegations were made. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

See also CDI’s WRCS at para 2.3.5.

In his pleadings, he does not particularise the specific Allegation made in
each Statement. When he does identify the Allegations made in each Statement
in his opening statement, there is no mention of these four Allegations. I
note however that the 8th Allegation is effectively subsumed in the 7th
Allegation and consider that below. In any case, I do not think that the 10th,
11th and 14th Allegations are defamatory. Even if they lend credibility to the
other purportedly defamatory Allegations made by CDI against Mr Bagga, this
does not make the 10th, 11th and 14th Allegations defamatory. Further, it is
unhelpful that Mr Bagga does not identify which Statements make the 10th, 11th
and 14th Allegations as the knowledge possessed by the recipient is a relevant
factor to assessing if a Statement is defamatory.

59 I find the 1st Statement defamatory in nature. I disagree that the 4th, 5th
and 9th Allegations are made therein, since nothing is said of Mr Bagga’s
abuse of his position as a CDI-M accredited inspector, nor his taking
advantage of CDI’s systems, nor any complaints raised by CDI. I agree that the
1st Statement makes the 2nd, 3rd and 7th Allegations, the latter half of the
1st Allegation regarding his suspension from other accreditation schemes, and
the latter half of the 15th Allegation concerning his revocation. These are
clearly defamatory: they indicate that Mr Bagga was charging exorbitant fees
despite repeated warnings and, by virtue of that, caused damage to the
reputation of another entity. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 10.

The revocation also suggests that his wrongdoing was of significant gravity.
These would, to my mind, tend to lower Mr Bagga in the esteem of right-
thinking members of society generally.

60 I find the 2nd Statement defamatory in nature. The 1st, 4th, 7th and 8th
Allegations are not borne out in the 2nd Statement since it does not say
anything of Mr Bagga’s professionalism or character, his suspension from other
accreditations, his abuse of his position as a CDI-M accredited inspector,
warnings which he ignored and complaints raised by CDI. I agree that the 2nd
Statement makes the 2nd and 3rd Allegations, and the second half of the 15th
Allegation concerning his revocation, and these are defamatory for the reasons
stated above.

61 Mr Bagga has not shown that the 3rd Statement is defamatory in nature. I
disagree that it makes the 3rd and 4th Allegations. All the 3rd Statement says
is that the CDI EB “has expressed concern regarding [Mr Bagga’s] inspection
fees” and does not state that they are exorbitant or excessive. It also says
nothing of Mr Bagga abusing his position as a CDI-M accredited inspector. In
my view, the 3rd Statement does not tend to lower Mr Bagga in the esteem of
right-thinking members of society generally.

62 The 4th Statement is defamatory as it speaks of his “continued pricing
abuse” and the revocation of his CDI-M accreditation and thereby makes the 3rd
Allegation and the latter half of the 15th Allegation – these are defamatory
for the reasons explained above. But I disagree that it bears out the 4th
Allegation.

63 I find that the 5th Statement is also defamatory as it bears out the 6th
Allegation and the 12th Allegation in so far as it is concerned with the
revocation of Mr Bagga’s CDI-M accreditation, and both Allegations are
defamatory as they suggest, respectively, that he engaged in numerous
instances of behaviour which warranted warnings, and that his wrongdoing was
so egregious as to attract a unanimous decision to revoke his accreditation.
97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 12.

These tend to lower Mr Bagga in the esteem of right-thinking members of
society generally.

64 The 6th Statement makes the 2nd, 3rd, 7th Allegations, the 12th Allegation
concerning the revocation of Mr Bagga’s CDI-M accreditation, and the latter
half of the 15th Allegation, all of which are defamatory for the reasons
stated above. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 12.

It does not, however, make the 1st, 4th, 5th, 9th and 13th Allegations. The
6th Statement does not say that Mr Bagga was not a professional, nor that his
character was irresponsible and risky, nor that he was abusing his position or
taking advantage of CDI’s systems, nor that CDI raised complaints about his
fees. I also find that, properly understood, the 6th Statement states that the
Inspector’s Working Group supported that “[the CDI EB] takes such matters of
pricing abuse very seriously and can and will, take action where it is deemed
appropriate”, and not that the Inspector’s Working Group agreed with the
decision to revoke Mr Bagga’s CDI-M accreditation.

65 The 7th Statement is defamatory in nature as it made the 2nd and 3rd
Allegations, part of the 12th Allegation concerning the revocation of Mr
Bagga’s CDI-M accreditation, and the latter half of the 15th Allegation which
are defamatory for the reasons stated above. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 12.

Although not explicitly stated by Mr Bagga, I also note that it makes the 8th
Allegation. However, the 7th Statement does not make the 7th and 9th
Allegations as it makes no mention of warnings issued to Mr Bagga or
complaints raised by CDI.

66 I find that the 8th Statement is defamatory as it includes the latter half
of the 15th Allegation, which is defamatory as explained above. I disagree
with Mr Bagga that it makes the 4th Allegation since it does not say anything
about his abuse of his position as a CDI-M inspector. I also note that
although Mr Bagga does not explicitly say this, the 8th Statement makes the
3rd Allegation.

Mr Bagga has not proven his case in defamation

67 I summarise my findings at this juncture. I find that Mr Bagga’s claim in
relation to the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th and 7th Statements fails for lack of
publication, his claim in relation to the 6th and 8th Statements fails because
they do not refer to Mr Bagga, and his claim in relation to the 3rd Statement
fails because it is not defamatory in nature.

68 These findings are dispositive of the matter as Mr Bagga has not
established a prima facie case of defamation based on the Statements. There is
therefore, strictly, no need for me to assess the defences raised by CDI and
Mr Bagga’s further claim of malice. Nonetheless, if I may have erred in my
findings above and in the interest of completeness, I address these issues
briefly. I first consider CDI’s defence of justification.

Issue 4: Are the Statements justified?

69 In order to invoke the defence of justification, CDI must prove the truth
of the substance or gist of the offending words – in other words, the “sting”
of the defamation (Review Publishing at [134]; Chan Cheng Wah Bernard at [44];
Golden Season at [85]). If an allegedly defamatory publication has more than
one “sting”, then CDI has to justify all the “stings”, otherwise it will be
held liable for the unjustified “stings” (Arul Chandran v Chew Chin Aik Victor
JP [2000] SGHC 111 at [136]).

70 The “stings” that are relevant for consideration are those which I have
found to be borne out in the Statements, namely, the 2nd, 3rd, 6th, 7th
Allegations, part of the 12th Allegation on the revocation of Mr Bagga’s
accreditation and the latter halves of the 1st and 15th Allegations.
Accordingly, I consider below whether the following are true:

(a) latter half of the 1st Allegation: Mr Bagga was a risk to the other CDI
accreditation schemes to the extent that he should be suspended from the other
two accreditation schemes in addition to CDI-M;

(b) 2nd Allegation: Mr Bagga’s (excessive pricing) behaviour was damaging the
CDI foundation and bringing it into disrepute;

(c) 3rd Allegation: Mr Bagga’s inspection fees were unreasonably exorbitant
and/or excessive and CDI had established a pattern of pricing abuse against Mr
Bagga;

(d) 6th Allegation: Mr Bagga was warned of his exorbitant costs on numerous
occasions over the last two years;

(e) 7th Allegation: Mr Bagga received numerous warnings from CDI about his
inspection fees;

(f) part of the 12th Allegation: the CDI EB unanimously agreed on revoking Mr
Bagga’s CDI-M accreditation due to his alleged cost abusive behaviour; and

(g) latter half of the 15th Allegation: Mr Bagga’s exorbitant pricing was so
significant that it warranted CDI revoking his CDI-M accreditation.

71 It falls for my consideration whether, within the confines of their
pleadings, CDI has succeeded in proving the facts averred in the particulars
and, on the basis of these facts, in justifying the “stings” (Aaron Anne
Joseph at [70]).

72 It is hence apposite to set out CDI’s plea of justification in its defence
and ascertain the meanings it seeks to justify:

42\. If and insofar as the [Statements] in their natural and ordinary meaning
bore and/or were understood to bear the meanings set out in paragraph [38]
above, they were true in substance and in fact and the Defendant relies on the
defence of justification.

…

a. The Plaintiff had in fact engaged in excessive pricing behaviour.

b. In this regard, since the Plaintiff’s accreditation in 2013, the Defendant
was made aware of at least 7 separate instances of excessive fees relating to
the Plaintiff from at least 5 distinct shipping companies. The Defendant
repeats paragraphs [15] and [16] above.

c. The fact that the Plaintiff engaged in excessive pricing behaviour made was
detrimental to the reputation, functionality and longevity of the CDI-M
Scheme. The Defendant repeats paragraph [23] above [which also refers to
paragraphs [24] and [25].]

d. Pending a review process, the Defendant placed the Plaintiff on immediate
suspension on 28 October 2016. The Defendant repeats paragraph [17] above
[which states that as early as 27 June 2014, following the issue with Norstar
… the Defendant had informed the Plaintiff that similar incidents in the
future might establish a “pattern of excess”.]

e. Following the review process, the CDI-M Executive Board met on 26 January
2017 to consider the information gathered during the review. The Defendant
repeats paragraph [18] above.

f. The CDI-M Executive Board ultimately determined that there was a pattern of
excessive pricing on the Plaintiff’s part, and resolved that the Plaintiff’s
accreditation be revoked. The Defendant repeats paragraph [19] above.

43\. Further and/or alternatively, if and insofar as the Words in their
natural and ordinary meaning bore and/or were understood to bear any of the
meanings set out in paragraph 39 of the Statement of Claim, they were true in
substance and in fact. The Defendant repeats the particulars set out in
paragraph [42] above. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Defence at paras 42–43.

73 It appears, however, that CDI later took a narrower view of what it had to
justify. CDI submits that the “sting” of the Statements is singularly that
“[Mr Bagga] had engaged in a pattern of excessive pricing”, which it says is
justified. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

CDI’s WCS at para 10.3.3; CDI’s WRCS at para 5.1.1.

74 My analysis proceeds as follows: I address each pleaded justification to,
and in the order of, the Allegations set out above at [55] and consider
whether CDI has proven the facts it claims to be true. I then consider
whether, on the basis of those facts, the “stings” in the Statements are
justified.

Whether Mr Bagga was a risk to the other CDI accreditation schemes to the
extent that he should be suspended from two other accreditation schemes in
addition to CDI-M

The parties’ cases

75 CDI’s case is that it is true in substance and in fact that Mr Bagga was a
risk to other CDI accreditation schemes such that he should be suspended from
CDI-T and IMPCAS schemes as well. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Defence at para 43.

Mr Bagga disagrees. He says that this allegation is false. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Statement of Claim at paras 36, 39.1 and 40.

The 1st Allegation is not justified

76 Mr Snaith gave evidence that he did propose to have Mr Bagga’s IMPCAS and
CDI-T accreditations suspended, for the following reason:

A. … my concern was … that if there was a genuine concern, which there was,
that [Mr Bagga] was damaging the reputation of CDI under CDI[-M], then that
damage could also be happening under CDI-T and in IMPCAS and, therefore, the
feeling was to suggest that, put that forward and for -- for consideration
that should we, if we feel that that is damage that's happening under CDI[-M],
and we've suspended him, should that be extended to CDI-T and IMPCAS to
prevent damage happening there and that was why that was put in there. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE for 11 August 2023 at pp 32–34.

77 Mr Snaith added that:

A. … because, potentially, there could have been a risk. Clearly, [Mr Bagga]
was unhappy with CDI. Things have gone on here which have resulted in his
suspension. This has now been put forward to the executive board. We don't
know what is happening under CDI-T and IMPCAS, so, therefore, it was something
that we felt perhaps this should be considered by the executive board.

78 I am unable to agree with CDI that, objectively assessed, Mr Bagga posed
such a risk to the CDI-T and IMPCAS schemes that his accreditations thereunder
should be suspended. CDI advances no explanation for such suspicions beyond
identifying it as a possibility.

79 I therefore find that the 1st Allegation, made in the 1st Statement, is not
justified.

Whether Mr Bagga’s excessive pricing behaviour was detrimental to the
reputation, functionality and longevity of the CDI-M scheme

The parties’ cases

80 CDI’s case is that Mr Bagga’s excessive pricing behaviour was detrimental
to the reputation, functionality and longevity of the CDI-M scheme. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defence at para 42(c).

It points to rules that are in place against excessive pricing under the CDI-M
scheme, specifically, section 3.0.1 of the CDI-M Accreditation Manual (the
“Accreditation Manual”). 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Defence at paras 23–25 and 42(c).

81 Mr Bagga denies the truth of the Statements. Apart from a denial that his
inspection fees were exorbitant, he does not specifically address the truth or
otherwise of this assertion in his pleadings. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Reply at para 10.

The 2nd Allegation may be justified only if Mr Bagga was found to have engaged
in excessive pricing behaviour

82 At trial, Mr Bagga was referred to section 3.0.1 of the Accreditation
Manual, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 2 of 6 (“2AB”) at p 1140.

which reads as follows:

3.0.1 Excessive Fees

Excessive fees for inspection services and costs are considered to be an
abusive behaviour likely to endanger the CDI Foundation; the Executive Board
may take direct action against inspectors whose abusive behaviour has been
established.

and “Guidance notes relating to Inspectors Terms & Conditions for CDI
inspections” (the “Guidance Note”). 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

2AB at p 1170.

83 At trial, Mr Bagga did not disagree that excessive pricing behaviour (if
found to be true) was in fact detrimental to the reputation, functionality and
longevity of the CDI-M scheme. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE for 7 August 2023 at p 29 lines 1–10.

84 Second, section 3.0.1 of the Accreditation Manual and the Guidance Note
constitutes evidence that excessive pricing would be detrimental to the
reputation, functionality and longevity of the CDI-M scheme. It suggests that
CDI was aware of the risk posed by inspectors’ pricing abuse to the reputation
of CDI, and took it so seriously as to make express reminders to inspectors
about it. This would suggest that Mr Bagga’s excessive pricing behaviour, if
found to be true, was detrimental to the CDI-M scheme.

85 However, this would not lead without more to the conclusion that the 2nd
Allegation made in the 1st, 2nd, 6th and 7th Statements is justified. It would
only be so if it could justifiably be said that Mr Bagga did engage in
excessive pricing behaviour.

86 In this connection, CDI avers that Mr Bagga did, in fact, engage in
excessive pricing behaviour, and points to seven separate instances of
excessive fees, which are (a) Fleet’s MR request; (b) Norstar withholding
payment on account of Mr Bagga’s excessive inspection fees and charges; (c)
Hong Lam’s MR request; (d) Iino’s MR request; and (e) the MTM Complaint, which
concerned three inspections, namely, of the “MTM Tokyo”, “MTM New York” and
the “Chembulk Minneapolis” (the “Seven Instances”). 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Defence at paras 15, 16, 42(a)–42(b), 45–46; CDI’s WOS at para 34; CDI’s WCS
at para 10.4.2.

It also points to the fact that CDI did, through Mr Snaith, give Mr Bagga
multiple warnings to refrain from excessive pricing. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

CDI’s WOS at para 34; CDI’s WCS at para 10.4.3.

Furthermore, CDI argues that Mr Bagga’s fees were objectively excessive when
compared to other inspectors. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

CDI’s WCS at paras 10.4.4–10.4.6.

87 Mr Bagga disagrees and claims that his inspection fees were not
unreasonably exorbitant and did not constitute abusive cost behaviour. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Statement of Claim at para 43.1.

In support of this, he says that CDI’s settlement of the English proceedings
between the same parties indicates CDI’s acceptance that its revocation of Mr
Bagga’s accreditation was without basis. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Statement of Claim at para 43.2.

Furthermore, he points out that other inspectors have charged higher fees than
him and were warned by CDI, but did not eventually face punitive action. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Statement of Claim at para 43.3.

Furthermore, Mr Bagga points out that he never received complaints from any
other clients in relation to his or NAMO’s charges. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Statement of Claim at para 43.5.

Lastly, he says that the MTM Complaint is wholly misconceived as MTM already
agreed to NAMO’s terms prior to engaging NAMO.

The 2nd and 3rd Allegations are not justified

88 I find that CDI has not successfully justified its assertion that Mr
Bagga’s inspection fees were unreasonably exorbitant. CDI does not
satisfactorily explain what makes certain inspection fees or costs excessive.
Its reliance on a vague and general reference to inspectors’ past experience
conducting and charging for inspections is insufficient to establish that Mr
Bagga’s inspection fees and costs were excessive. CDI’s reliance on the Seven
Instances and warnings or reminders given to Mr Bagga also do not show that Mr
Bagga’s fees were excessive.

(1) Inadequate basis for finding inspection fees excessive

89 First, CDI’s evidence is that it cannot and does not prescribe a benchmark
price for reasonable inspection fees or other prices 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE for 10 August 2023 at p 8 lines 13–19.

and inspectors cannot ask each other for their prices. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE for 10 August 2023 at p 8 lines 10–12, 21–24.

Nonetheless, CDI says that it can make an assessment that particular fees are
exorbitant, and did assess that Mr Bagga’s inspection fees were unreasonably
exorbitant, on the following bases:

(a) inspectors rely on their past experience to inform their understanding of
a reasonable price for an inspection; 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE for 10 August 2023 at p 8 line 25 – p 10 line 10, p 13 lines 3–23, p 15
lines 7–15, p 17 line 8 – p 18 line 7; CDI’s WRCS at para 5.4.2.

(b) the MR system, which allows ship operators to file, inter alia, an MR for
cost; 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE for 10 August 2023 at p 11 lines 6–20; CDI’s WRCS at para 5.4.2.

(c) instances where, although a ship operator and an inspector have agreed the
terms and conditions of the inspection, ship operators approach CDI claiming
that the price reflected on the invoice is too high; 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE for 10 August 2023 at p 11 line 23 – p 12 line 18, p 14 lines 17–24.

and

(d) CDI receives inspectors’ terms and conditions and invoices, which informs
its understanding of a reasonable price for an inspection. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE for 10 August 2023 at p 16 line 11 – p 17 line 7.

90 However, there are numerous difficulties with this approach to proving what
objectively constitutes an excessive price. CDI does not apprise the court of
the range of fees CDI-M inspectors might charge for inspections, does not make
reference to such a range in order to identify a benchmark price beyond which
it regards as excessive, and also does not explain its reasons for
ascertaining certain prices as excessive. Absent these, its reliance on
inspectors’ past experiences is inadequate, and serves only to prove what a
reasonable price is in the eyes of CDI, and not as a matter of fact. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

See also Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 38–48; Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 10.

I agree with Mr Bagga that it is not helpful that CDI also does not adopt a
definition of “excessive”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 37.

On CDI’s own case, it does not have the full range of fees an inspector might
charge for a ship inspection, from which what may be considered an “excessive”
price could perhaps be determined. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE for 10 August 2023 at p 16 lines 11–18; Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 56.

In my view, this does not go show that Mr Bagga’s inspection fees were, in
fact, excessive.

91 CDI also submits that Mr Bagga’s fees “were objectively excessive when
benchmarked against those of other inspectors”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

CDI’s WCS at para 10.4.4. See also NE for 11 August 2023 at p 86 lines 12–17.

However, the “benchmark” adopted by CDI for this comparison was the “average
total inspection cost” obtained from 29 MR requests. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

CDI’s WCS at paras 10.4.4–10.4.5.

First, a sample size of 29 inspections brought to CDI’s attention cannot
provide a comprehensive and accurate view of the range of inspection costs of
CDI-M inspections, nor of, applying the same logic, inspection fees. Second,
although Mr Bagga’s invoiced amounts do appear to be significantly higher than
the “average total inspection cost”, this does not necessarily mean that his
inspections fees or inspection costs were excessive.

92 For the foregoing reasons, any argument on the basis of a comparison
between Mr Bagga’s and other inspectors’ inspection fees does not assist in
determining whether his fees were, as a matter of fact, excessive. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Eg, NE for 10 August 2023 at pp 32–35, 53–55, 56–58, 119–123; Statement of
Claim at para 43.3; CDI’s WRCS at para 5.4.5.

(2) The Seven Instances

93 Second, CDI relies on the Seven Instances to say that Mr Bagga engaged in
excessive pricing behaviour. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

CDI’s WCS at para 10.4.

94 In my view, these Seven Instances do not prove that Mr Bagga did, in fact,
engage in excessive pricing behaviour. Instead, all they show is that the
respective ship operators, and in some instances CDI, took the view that Mr
Bagga’s prices were excessive.

95 I also decline to infer from the various MRs and complaints against Mr
Bagga that he must therefore have been charging excessive prices. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

See also Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 21–25, 28 and 30.

CDI receives more than 2000 inspection requests every year, and most
inspectors do more than the minimum of six inspections per year to retain
their accreditation. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE for 10 August 2023 at p 41 line 24 – p 42 line 1.

Seven allegations of excessive pricing over the course of 2014 to 2016 are not
sufficient to prove that Mr Bagga charged exorbitant inspection fees.

(3) Reminders and warnings

96 CDI points to the fact that “Mr Snaith had reminded the Plaintiff against
excessive pricing, and highlighted that the CDI EB would react accordingly
should the need arise”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

CDI’s WOS at para 34. See also CDI’s WCS at para 10.4.3.

This also does not prove that Mr Bagga did, in fact, charge exorbitant
inspection fees, and shows only that CDI, through Mr Snaith, took the view
that Mr Bagga did charge exorbitant inspection fees and informed Mr Bagga of
their position.

(4) Settlement in the English proceedings

97 I reject Mr Bagga’s contention that CDI’s settlement of the English
proceedings between the same parties indicates CDI’s acceptance that its
revocation of Mr Bagga’s accreditation was without basis, and therefore that
he did not charge excessive prices. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Statement of Claim at para 43.2.

Mr Bagga does not adduce any evidence to support this argument. In any case,
the consent order between the parties in full and final settlement of Mr
Bagga’s claim in England was silent as to whether Mr Bagga charged excessive
prices. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

6AB at pp 3589–3590.

98 By virtue of the foregoing, CDI has not shown that Mr Bagga engaged in
excessive pricing behaviour. Accordingly, CDI has not justified the “sting” in
the 2nd Allegation and the first half of the 3rd Allegation, namely, that Mr
Bagga’s inspection fees were unreasonably exorbitant and/or excessive.

The latter half of the 15th Allegation is not justified

99 It follows that CDI cannot also prove that Mr Bagga’s exorbitant pricing
was so significant that it warranted CDI revoking his CDI-M accreditation. I
therefore find that the latter half of the 15th Allegation, made in the 1st,
2nd, 4th, 6th, 7th and 8th Statements, is not protected by the defence of
justification.

Whether CDI warned Mr Bagga against excessive pricing on numerous occasions

The parties’ cases

100 CDI’s case is that Mr Bagga was warned of his exorbitant inspection fees
on numerous occasions over the last two years. It points to emails on 9 June
2014; 27 June 2014; 13 August 2014 in relation to Hong Lam’s MR request; 18
August 2014 and 23 September 2016 in relation to Iino’s MR request. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Defence at paras 17, 42(d), 43 and 47; CDI’s WOS at para 34; CDI’s WCS at para
10.4.3.

101 Mr Bagga asserts that CDI did not administer any warnings to him. He
points to the fact that the aforesaid emails were not “warning letters” or
“formal warnings”, because they were not sufficiently officious. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 82–90.

The 6th and 7th Allegations are justified

102 First, I find that several emails from Mr Snaith contain, in substance,
CDI’s warnings to Mr Bagga, for him to refrain from charging excessive
inspection fees: 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

CDI’s WRCS at para 5.3.6.

(a) The email from Mr Snaith dated 9 June 2014 was in response to Mr Bagga’s
email of the same date seeking assistance to recover payment from Norstar. Mr
Snaith’s email “reminds” Mr Bagga of section 3.0.1 of the Accreditation Manual
(see [82] above) and draws Mr Bagga’s attention to the introduction of “CDI
Guidance for Inspectors Terms and Conditions”, which appears to refer to the
Guidance Note. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

5AB at p 2819.

This does not read clearly as a warning not to charge excessive prices.
Instead, it appears to be a reminder, especially as there is nothing therein
which cautions against or admonishes of certain acts.

(b) Mr Snaith’s email to Mr Bagga dated 27 June 2014 includes the line “I hope
that no additional similar incidents will have to be included in that file
which might establish a pattern of excess”. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

5AB at p 2818.

This constitutes Mr Snaith giving Mr Bagga cautionary advice to refrain from
excessive pricing thereafter, and is thus a warning.

(c) Mr Snaith’s email dated 13 August 2014 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

5AB at p 2831.

again notifies Mr Bagga to refrain from putting forward excessive inspection
fees and is hence a warning as well.

(d) I do not consider Mr Snaith’s email of 18 August 2014 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

5AB at p 2837.

to be a warning. Instead, it is primarily aimed at responding to Mr Bagga’s
prior email and, specifically, clarifying that a “willingness to negotiate”
cannot supplant the need to ensure that inspection fees are reasonable.

(e) Mr Snaith’s email dated 23 September 2016, read with the prior MR requests
and emails from Mr Snaith to Mr Bagga, is also a warning. It reminds Mr Bagga
of prior instances where CDI supported MR requests filed by ship operators
against Mr Bagga on account of his excessive inspection fees and warns him not
to put forward excessive inspection fees. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

5AB at p 2888.

I therefore disagree with Mr Bagga that the “tenor of the emails” 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 82.

do not demonstrate that they are warnings.

103 I also disagree with Mr Bagga that, because the aforesaid emails had not
“taken the form of any warnings” 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 82.

[emphasis added], they are therefore not warnings. Mr Bagga does not explain
why CDI was obliged to issue formal warnings, nor why the references to
“warnings” in the Statements were necessarily references to “formal warnings”.

104 In the circumstances, CDI did warn Mr Bagga against excessive pricing on
several occasions.

105 Third, Mr Bagga points to one line from an email sent by Mr Cassan to,
amongst others, Mr Snaith, which reads “[i]t is not clear to me if the
inspector received warnings that his behavior could lead to suspension”.
Relying on this, Mr Bagga alleges that Mr Snaith’s failure to “respond … to
this specific comment” shows that the said emails were not warnings. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 85; 6AB at p 3093.

I disagree. Mr Cassan’s email does not suggest that “formal warnings” must
have been issued to Mr Bagga. Instead, it reflects his concern as to whether
Mr Bagga had been given notice that his behaviour could lead to a suspension
of his accreditation. This concern was adequately addressed, as evidenced in
Mr Cassan’s reply email thereafter, which states “[w]hen all aspects are taken
in consideration I support further actions taken against Capt. Bagga”. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

6AB at p 3091.

106 On the totality of the evidence, CDI has proven that it had warned Mr
Bagga against excessive pricing on numerous occasions, namely, on 27 June
2014, 13 August 2014 and 23 September 2016. Accordingly, CDI has justified the
6th and 7th Allegations, which are made in the 1st, 5th, and 6th Statements.

Whether the CDI EB unanimously agreed on revoking Mr Bagga’s CDI-M
accreditation due to his alleged cost abusive behaviour

The parties’ cases

107 It is CDI’s case that the CDI EB determined that Mr Bagga displayed a
pattern of excessive pricing and unanimously resolved to revoke his CDI-M
accreditation. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Defence at paras 42(f), 43 and 50.

108 Mr Bagga claims that this is not true. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Statement of Claim at paras 39.10 and 47.

Instead, he says that two CDI EB members were not involved in the decision to
revoke his CDI-M accreditation. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Statement of Claim at para 47.3(c); Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 96.

The part of the 12th Allegation concerning revocation is justified

109 I find that the decision by the CDI EB to revoke Mr Bagga’s CDI-M
accreditation was unanimous.

110 The fact that Mr James Prazak and Mr John Kelly were not present at the
CDI EB Meeting does not detract from this, because, in satisfaction of the by-
laws of CDI, a quorum of four CDI EB members was reached at the said meeting.
151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at paras 95–96; 3AB at pp 1663–1669; NE for 11 August 2023 at
p 64 line 20 – p 67 line 4, p 68 lines 15–23.

Although the said by-laws did not form part of the evidence (save that their
existence is affirmed in CDI’s “Year Book 2018” 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

3AB at p 1187 (Article 14).

and the CDI-M Operating Manual), 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

3AB at p 1432 (Section 1.6).

Mr Bagga did not raise any challenge to Mr Snaith’s testimony in this regard.
Mr Bagga also does not contend that the proper procedures were not complied
with nor that the voting was improper. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE for 11 August 2023 at p 69 lines 2–9.

111 CDI has proven the truth of the part of the 12th Allegation concerning the
revocation of Mr Bagga’s CDI-M accreditation, which is made in the 5th, 6th
and 7th Statements.

CDI has only established a partial defence of justification

112 By virtue of the foregoing, even if Mr Bagga had made out his claim in
defamation in relation to the 5th Statement, I find that the defence of
justification would apply. The defence of justification would not, however,
apply to the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 6th, 7th or 8th Statements as they make either the
latter half of the 1st Allegation, the 2nd and 3rd Allegations, or the latter
half of the 15th Allegations, which CDI has not proven to be true.

Issue 5: Are the Statements protected by qualified privilege?

113 CDI avers that, even if the Statements are found to be defamatory, they
were published on occasions of qualified privilege. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Defence at para 52(c); CDI’s WCS at paras 11.1.4–11.1.5.

114 Mr Bagga objects for two main reasons. First, he says that the 5th, 6th
and 8th Statements are not protected by qualified privilege because none of
the recipients had any legitimate interest in receiving any of the Statements
and CDI exceeded the exigency of each occasion of qualified privilege. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Reply at para 18; Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 211–217.

Second, the Statements were made with malice, which defeats the defence of
qualified privilege.

The 1st–4th and 7th Statements were published on occasions of qualified
privilege

115 I find that the defence of qualified privilege is made out regarding the
1st–4th and 7th Statements.

116 First, I am persuaded that the CDI EB had a legitimate interest in
receiving the 1st and 2nd Statements, MTM the 3rd Statement, and the CDI BOD
the 4th and 7th Statements. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

CDI’s WCS at paras 11.2.1–11.2.2(d) and 11.2.2(g).

I reproduce the “purpose[s] of publication” set out by CDI:

[concerning the 1st Statement] CDI’s General Manager was informing the [CDI]
EB about the [MTM] Complaint, the suspension of the Plaintiff’s accreditation,
the outcome of the investigations, and making recommendations on the proposed
course of action.

[concerning the 2nd Statement] CDI’s General Manager was sending the minutes
of [the CDI EB M]eeting, convened to decide on [Mr Bagga’s] accreditation, to
the members of the [CDI] EB.

[concerning the 3rd Statement] CDI’s General Manager was updating the
complainant, [MTM] about the outcome of CDI’s investigations into the [MTM]
Complaint.

[concerning the 4th and 7th Statements] CDI’s General Manager was providing an
update to the CDI [BOD] about the affairs of CDI, which at the time included
the then-recent suspension and revocation of [Mr Bagga’s] accreditation. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

CDI’s WCS at paras 11.2.1. See also CDI’s WCS at paras 11.2.2.

117 Second, Mr Bagga does not object to this, instead, he says that qualified
privilege does not arise only in relation to the 5th, 6th and 8th Statements.
159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 211–217.

The 5th Statement was published on occasion of qualified privilege

118 CDI states that Mr Banon had a duty to send the 5th Statement to the CDI
AC because he was “the Technical Manager and Chairman of the [CDI AC] … [and]
also had responsibility for recording the minutes of meeting”, and the CDI AC
had an interest in receiving the 5th Statement since it:

deals with the accreditation of inspectors, including making recommendations
to the [CDI] EB on whether inspectors ought to be accredited. By extension,
when an inspector’s accreditation has been revoked, given that it relates to
the issue of accreditation, this would have been a matter to which the [CDI
AC] would have a corresponding interest in knowing about. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

CDI’s WCS at para 11.2.2(e)(ii).

119 Mr Banon’s evidence is that, notwithstanding that the revocation of Mr
Bagga’s CDI-M accreditation did not fall within the purview of the CDI AC, he
considered it “part of his job scope [to keep] the [CDI AC] apprised of
matters relating to the status of the accreditation of inspectors, including
[Mr Bagga]”, and therefore he had a legitimate interest in circulating, and
the recipients had a legitimate interest in receiving, the 5th Statement. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at paras 18 and 20.

120 However, Mr Bagga disagrees, because the CDI AC does not oversee
accreditation matters concerning inspectors’ fees, which are overseen by the
CDI EB. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 212–213.

To support this, he says that, although CDI asserts that the CDI AC reviews
complaints made against inspectors, this does not extend to “reviewing matters
relating to inspectors’ fees”. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 214.

121 I find that the 5th Statement is protected by qualified privilege. I do
not think that the information which CDI AC has an interest in receiving ought
to be so tightly confined as to say that it has no interest in receiving
information concerning non-technical matters pertaining to accreditations. I
accept Mr Banon’s explanation that he had a duty to keep the CDI AC apprised
of “matters relating to the status of the accreditation of inspectors”. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

See also CDI’s WRCS at para 6.1.3(a).

Mr Banon’s evidence that he circulated the 5th Statement “for information” 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NE for 11 August 2023 at p 125 lines 3–6; p 132 line 24 – p 133 line 4.

is consistent with my finding.

The 6th and 8th Statements were published on occasions of qualified privilege

122 CDI claims that it had a duty to circulate the 6th and 8th Statements to
ensure that “all its accredited inspectors and auditors knew about the
importance of not charging excessive fees for inspections and how seriously
this was treated by CDI”. It also states that all CDI inspectors and auditors
(ie, the recipients) had an interest in receiving these Statements because
“the same restrictions against excessive pricing applied to [them]” and to
learn “of the gravity of charging excessive fees … because they had to be
aware of the potential consequences to themselves and others”. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Defence at para 52(c)(iii); CDI’s WCS at para 11.2.2(f) and 11.2.2(h); CDI’s
WRCS at para 6.1.3(b).

123 Mr Bagga objects because CDI “does not … explain the basis for [the
recipients’] interest [in receiving the said Statements]”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 216; Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 40.

There is also no reason to circulate the 6th and 8th Statements to inspectors
and auditors under the CDI-T and IMPCAS schemes since those are separate
schemes. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 217; Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 41.

124 I find in favour of CDI in this respect. Neither the 6th nor 8th
Statements identify or refer to Mr Bagga, and are instead focused on warning
inspectors and auditors to refrain from charging excessive prices. I accept
the reasons for which CDI submits it had a legitimate interest in conveying
the information to the recipients, who had a legitimate interest in receiving
the information. I note that the relevance of excessive pricing in CDI’s other
schemes is corroborated by Mr Snaith’s testimony cited at [76]–[77] above.

125 I therefore find that the defence of qualified privilege prima facie
applies to all the Statements. But Mr Bagga submits that they were published
with malice, which, if correct, would defeat the defence of qualified
privilege. I address this below.

Issue 6: Were the Statements published maliciously?

126 It is Mr Bagga’s case that CDI published the Statements maliciously,
because it did not have any “honest belief in the truth of the [Statements] …
and/or … was motivated by a dominant improper motive”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Reply at paras 18(a) –18(b).

127 Mr Bagga further claims that the Statements were made for two improper
purposes. First, to display to ship operators that CDI had control of
inspectors’ fees and discourage inspectors from deciding their prices
independently, with the ultimate goal of improving the relationship between
CDI and ship operators and benefit socially and financially therefrom. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Statement of Claim at paras 52–53.

Second, to injure Mr Bagga. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Statement of Claim at para 54.

128 CDI denies that it published the Statements maliciously. On the contrary,
it had an honest belief in the truth of the Statements, and did not publish
them out of ill-will, spite or malice towards Mr Bagga. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

CDI’s WRCS at para 7.1.2.

It also denies any dominant improper motive in publishing the Statements.

CDI honestly believed in the truth of the Statements

129 I reject Mr Bagga’s assertion that CDI “had no honest belief in the truth
of the [Statements]”. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Statement of Claim at para 50; Reply at paras 10, 18(a) and 18(e)(ii).

CDI’s defence of qualified privilege is not defeated for this reason.

Whether CDI had any influence on inspection fees

130 First, Mr Bagga says that CDI recognised that it did not have the power to
influence Mr Bagga’s pricing. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Reply at paras 18(c).

CDI’s possible contravention of rules, as a matter of logic, is however
distinct from and irrelevant to the inquiry as to whether CDI subjectively
believed in the truth of the Statements. Furthermore, Mr Bagga’s argument
might be more persuasive if it could be shown that CDI was cognisant of such
rules and was aware of its breach of those rules. But the evidence suggests
that CDI was aware of the applicable anti-competition laws, and was careful to
avoid breaching those laws. Mr Snaith’s evidence reflects this. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at para 109; NE for 10 August 2023 at p 21 lines 11–18; NE
for 10 August 2023 at p 28 lines 2–11; NE for 10 August 2023 at p 29 lines
4–12; NE for 10 August 2023 at p 36 lines 16–22.

This is also corroborated by an email from Mr Snaith to Mr Verschueren on 23
December 2016. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

6AB at p 3076; NE for 10 August 2023 at p 30 line 3 – p 32 line 5.

131 In the circumstances, CDI did not have any reason not to believe in the
truth of the Statements, and there is thereby no barrier to its belief, as a
matter of fact, in the truth of the Statements.

Where there was inconsistent treatment of inspectors

132 Second, Mr Bagga argues that CDI did not have an honest belief in the
Statements, because its inconsistent treatment of inspectors shows that the
treatment of Mr Bagga was malicious and discriminatory. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Statement of Claim at paras 51.5–51.6.

But Mr Bagga appears to miss the fact that CDI suspended and later revoked his
accreditation because of a pattern of excessive inspection fees; on that
basis, a comparison of Mr Bagga’s inspection fees against a particular
inspection by another inspector is not meaningful. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

CDI’s WRCS at para 7.4.9; NE for 10 August 2023 at p 53 line 18 – p 55 line 7;
Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 4 of 6 (“4AB”) at p 1937; NE for 11 August
2023 at p 53 line 11 – p 54 line 14; 2AB at p 738; NE for 11 August 2023 at p
54 line 20 – p 55 line 4; 4AB at p 2122.

Whether Mr Bagga’s suspension was discriminatory

133 Third, Mr Bagga claims that CDI did not honestly believe in the truth of
the Statements and instead made them maliciously, and this is evident from
CDI’s discriminatory suspension of Mr Bagga. To this end, he says that the
single MTM Complaint and MR requests did not provide grounds for suspension of
a CDI-M inspector. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Reply at para 18(n).

134 Mr Bagga does not explain his allegation that the suspension was
discriminatory, specifically, he does not identify the basis on which he
claims he was treated prejudicially, and instead seems to take the position
that any unfavourable action against him must be discriminatory simply because
it is unfavourable to him. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

5AB at pp 2939–2940; NE for 7 August 2023 at p 76 line 13 – p 77 line 7.

135 Mr Bagga alleges that CDI discriminated against him on the basis of his
nationality. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Statement of Claim at para 51.4.

However, he does not seem to say that this discrimination motivated his
suspension, and appears content to make this criticism of CDI generally. Mr
Bagga’s contention is that CDI “called attention to [his] nationality for no
apparent reason in an email dated 13 January 2017 titled, ‘Bagga nationality
?’” and which includes the query “Could one of you tell me Bagga’s
nationality? Possibly from his inspector records?”. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Statement of Claim at para 51.4; 4AB at p 1867; Mr Bagga’s AEIC at paras 38
and 43.

CDI explained that this was a check Mr Snaith made as a follow up to Mr
Bagga’s own query to CDI concerning visa issues. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NE for 8 August 2023 at p 8 line 3 – p 9 line 5; Mr Snaith’s AEIC at para 111;
CDI’s WCS at paras 12.3.6.

The documentary evidence corroborates this. Mr Bagga informed CDI that he
would have difficulty travelling to the CDI EB Meeting in person due to visa
issues on 12 January 2017, 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

6AB at pp 3137–3138.

and Mr Snaith made the internal query as to Mr Bagga’s nationality on 13
January 2017 at 3.30pm. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

4AB at p 1867.

Mr Snaith’s query was reasonable and it does not evidence CDI’s discrimination
against Mr Bagga.

136 I therefore reject Mr Bagga’s argument that CDI did not have an honest
belief in the truth of the Statements because they were discriminatory.

137 Mr Bagga claims that the single MTM Complaint and MR requests did not
provide grounds for suspension of a CDI-M inspector, therefore his “suspension
was discriminating” and CDI did not have an honest belief in the truth of the
Statements. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Reply at para 18(n); Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 140.

But Mr Bagga sets out numerous reasons for his disagreement with CDI’s
decision to suspend him and says that CDI must therefore have been operating
maliciously and not honestly believed in the Statements – but the reasons Mr
Bagga has for disagreeing with his suspension do not say anything about CDI’s
subjective belief in the truth in the Statements.

138 Mr Bagga also says that CDI’s malice is evident from its inflation of the
number of complaints raised against Mr Bagga. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 134–139, 194; 5AB at p 2895; NE for 11 August 2023 at
p 113 lines 11 – p 116 line 18; Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 29.

Mr Bagga’s characterisation of these as “ballooned figures” 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 2.

is exaggerated. I do not agree with CDI that this can be overlooked simply
because it was “the substantive point [that Mr Bagga had multiple complaints
of excessive pricing against him] … which mattered”. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

CDI’s WRCS at paras 7.4.3, 7.4.15.

Crucially, however, I do not think the inflation of the number of upheld MR
requests by one instance, and the number of occasions where Mr Bagga charged
more than US$10,000 by one instance, is suggestive of malice.

Whether the recipients of the Statements could consider the suspension and
revocation of Mr Bagga’s accreditations

139 Fourth, Mr Bagga says that CDI took advantage of the fact that none of the
recipients of the Statements were on CDI’s payroll and hence had little time
and resources to scrutinise the suspension and revocation of Mr Bagga’s
accreditations. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Reply at para 18(e).

Mr Bagga says that the recipients would not independently consider the
suspension and revocation of his accreditations. But the majority of the
Statements were made after his CDI-M accreditation was revoked. The only
statement to which this could be applicable is the 1st Statement, but the CDI
EB members attended the CDI EB Meeting to contemplate the revocation of Mr
Bagga’s accreditation, so the 1st Statement was unlikely to have “misled,
deceived or coerced” them. In any case, the effect of CDI’s actions on the
recipients of the Statement has nothing to do with whether CDI made the
Statements honestly believing in their truth.

Correspondence with Mr Bagga

140 Fifth, Mr Bagga says that the correspondence concerning the suspension and
revocation of his accreditation, his application for re-accreditation and his
appeal on compassionate grounds reflect CDI’s ill-will, spite and malice
towards him. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Statement of Claim at paras 51.7–51.8.

I disagree. None of the foregoing suggest that CDI harboured any malice
towards Mr Bagga and thereby published the Statements with no honest belief in
them:

(a) For the reasons explained above, I disagree that the events leading up to
the suspension of Mr Bagga’s CDI-M accreditation evince any malice.

(b) Mr Bagga also contends that CDI delayed following up with MTM, because,
after Mr Snaith’s initial email on 28 October 2016, which went unanswered, he
only sent a chaser email on 25 November 2016. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 147.

While four weeks is a substantial amount of time, I do not think it proves
that CDI was acting with malice. I accept Mr Snaith’s explanation that he did
check if he had received a response from MTM and that he was occupied with the
other steps that had to be taken in relation to Mr Bagga’s matter. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NE for 10 August 2023 at p 182 line 20 – p 185 line 5; CDI’s WRCS at para
7.4.8(a).

(c) Specifically, Mr Bagga says that Mr Snaith’s enquiry about his position on
the MRS list, 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

1AB at p 419.

instead of following up with MTM, “smack[ed] of malicious intent since it
would prolong the period time that he would have to wait for an inspection
even further, after the suspension was lifted”. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 147–148.

It does not seem to me, however, that sending one enquiry email would
significantly prolong the time taken for Mr Bagga to do another inspection if
his suspension were lifted.

(d) Mr Bagga claims that CDI’s malice is evidenced by its lying to him via an
email on 7 December 2016 that “formal proceedings” had already begun. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 146.

Mr Snaith explained that these consisted of the following and that he was not
misleading Mr Bagga:

I initiated a formal investigation into the allegations raised by [MTM]. As
part of this process:

(a) I reviewed all previous instances of [MR] claims raised against [Mr Bagga]
for costs reasons, and the correspondence with [Mr Bagga] in relation to the
[MR] claims;

(b) I considered the documents provided by [MTM] in support of the [MTM]
Complaint, and had various exchanges with [MTM] to get to the bottom of the
allegations;

(c) I consulted with CDI’s lawyers for the purposes of evaluating if the
Plaintiff’s actions in excessive charging amount to “abusive behaviour” such
that the CDI EB can take the relevant action against [Mr Bagga] (for the
avoidance of doubt, CDI does not waive privilege in this regard); and

(d) I considered the information which CDI had on hand on industry standards
for fees charged. In this regard, such information would come from other
inspectors or ship operators who submit information to CDI, instances in which
[MR] claims were raised against other inspectors, publicly available
information on costs in the industry, including external audit fees,
classification society surveyor’s fees, and SIRE inspection fees. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at para 39.

…

A. There were discussions with the lawyers is one. I discussed with the
chairman. Things were being forwarded and put together for the accreditation
committee. There were action items which my lawyer had given me to do which
were quite extensive, so, yes, there was a -- there was a lot going on. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

NE for 11 August 2023 at p 8 lines 6–11. See also NE for 11 August 2023 at p 9
lines 3–12.

I accept Mr Snaith’s unchallenged evidence.

(e) It is also opportunistic for Mr Bagga to rely on Mr Snaith’s testimony
that he could not recall evidence to claim that he did not inform any CDI EB
member of Mr Bagga’s matter. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 183 and 187.

Mr Snaith testified that:

A. The CDI board were aware. The submissions to the executive board probably
had not been made at that time -- I'm trying to think when the executive board
meeting was -- but the chairman of the executive board is also the director --
yeah, I think he -- when was this -- 2016. He was also one of the directors --
I think he was either chairman or director at the time on the board, but the
board were aware. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NE for 11 August 2023 at p 11 lines 6–23.

…

I am really certain that I had telephone conversations with -- certainly with
the chairman. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

NE for 11 August 2023 at p 12 lines 22–24.

Mr Bagga does not give me any reason to doubt Mr Snaith’s evidence.
Nonetheless, I recognise that Mr Snaith stated that he “formally inform[ed]”
the CDI EB of the MTM Complaint on 21 December 2016. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Mr Snaith’s AEIC at para 43.

(f) I disagree that Mr Snaith telling Mr Bagga that he expected the matter to
be resolved by the end of 2016 is evidence of malice. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 149 and 185; 6AB at p 3008.

While it was unlikely that the matter could be resolved by the end of 2016, I
do not think it suggests malice. Furthermore, the evidence shows that, however
unrealistic that prediction was, Mr Snaith took steps to try and achieve it.
204

##### Foot Note 204

×

6AB at p 3118.

Mr Snaith also rightly pointed out that this was a “hope”. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NE for 11 August 2023 at p 18 lines 21–15.

(g) Mr Bagga also says that CDI’s malice is evident from the fact that Mr
Snaith chose not to raise the MTM Complaint earlier so that it could be
considered at a CDI EB meeting in November 2016, and did not “suggest or
contemplate the prospect of” another meeting before the next CDI EB meeting in
May 2017. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 147 and 188; Mr Bagga’s WRCS at para 29.

I do not think the first point suggests malice, as the MTM Complaint was made
on 27 October 2016 and preparation had to be done before a CDI EB meeting was
convened. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

CDI’s WRCS at para 7.4.8.

I also find that any contention of malice is rebutted by the fact that the CDI
EB did convene an earlier meeting (ie, the CDI EB Meeting on 26 January 2017),
instead of waiting until May 2017. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

CDI’s WRCS at para 7.4.8(b).

(h) I further reject Mr Bagga’s claim that Mr Snaith misled the CDI EB: 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 152.

as discussed above at [102]–[104], Mr Bagga was warned multiple times.

(i) Mr Bagga suggests that Mr Snaith’s proposal to suspend Mr Bagga’s IMPCAS
and CDI-T accreditations also evince malice. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 156.

I disagree. Mr Snaith appeared genuinely concerned when he made that proposal.
In any case, CDI did not eventually suspend those accreditations.

(j) I also disagree that malice is evident from the fact that Mr Snaith
“steer[ed] the CDI EB towards revoking [Mr Bagga’s] CDI-M accreditation [by]
putting this unprecedented action in their minds”. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 157.

I accept Mr Snaith’s evidence in this regard:

A. What I explained to [the CDI EB] was the issue of why we can't talk about
pricing. We even had advice from our lawyer whose specialism is Competition
Law in the EU. This is the information which is provided to them and the
executive board made their decision by themselves. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

NE for 11 August 2023 at p 63 line 25 – p 64 line 8.

[emphasis added]

This comports with CDI’s case that Mr Snaith’s job as general manager was to
send the email to the CDI EB with the necessary information and for the CDI EB
to decide what course of action should be taken. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

NE for 8 August 2023 at p 28 lines 19–22, p 29 lines 2–8; Mr Snaith’s AEIC at
para 72.

Furthermore, Mr Bagga’s concession that he did not know what Mr Snaith’s and
the CDI EB’s job scopes were 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

NE for 8 August 2023 at p 34 lines 14–22.

also casts doubt on his submission.

CDI’s failure to call Mr Frith as a witness

141 Mr Bagga also says that the court should draw an adverse inference from
CDI’s refusal to call Mr Frith as a witness. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 197–201.

Mr Bagga says that Mr Frith was the maker of the 5th Statement, 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NE for 8 August 2023 at p 41 lines 7–11; Mr Bagga’s WCS at para 197.

but it is not clear how he knows this. To the extent Mr Bagga alleged that a
document was prepared by Mr Frith, 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NE for 8 August 2023 at p 41 lines 7–11

this appears to be confined to only an agenda, presumably for the CDI EB
Meeting, and not the 5th Statement. I say this because only the last page of
the 5th Statement has a line which states “Agenda prepared by T. Frith”. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

6AB at p 3312.

Mr Banon gave evidence that he “was responsible for recording the minutes” 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Mr Banon’s AEIC at para 14.

and thereafter circulated the 5th Statement. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Mr Banon’s AEIC at para 19.

Mr Bagga did not challenge this evidence. I do not accept Mr Bagga’s evidence
that the 5th Statement was made by Mr Frith.

142 Assessing all of the above in the round, I am unconvinced that Mr Snaith,
or CDI, harboured any ill-will or malicious intent towards Mr Bagga. While I
agree that the investigations could have progressed quicker and there could
have been more clarity if CDI had an established procedure concerning
warnings, suspension and revocation of accreditations at the material time,
there was no malice. I find that CDI honestly believed in the truth of the
Statements when it made them.

143 Consequently, any claim in malicious falsehood must fail. I note that
notwithstanding the fact that Mr Bagga did not plead malicious falsehood
either in his Statement of Claim or his Reply, he seeks relief for malicious
falsehood. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 202–203.

In the absence of any malice on CDI’s part, this claim must fail. Mr Bagga’s
claim for malicious falsehood under section 6(1) of the Defamation Act 1957
222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 205–210.

is similarly not pleaded and not made out. There is no evidence that the
Statements were calculated to cause pecuniary damage.

CDI’s publication of the Statements was not motivated by a dominant improper
motive

144 Mr Bagga claims that the Statements were made for two improper purposes,
including to injure Mr Bagga. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Statement of Claim at para 54; Mr Bagga’s WRCS at paras 29–33 and 36.

For the reasons explained above, I find that CDI did not publish the
Statements to injure Mr Bagga.

145 Second, Mr Bagga says the Statements were made to display to ship
operators that CDI had control of inspectors’ fees and discourage inspectors
from deciding their prices independently, with the ultimate goal of improving
the relationship between CDI and ship operators. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Statement of Claim at paras 52–53; Mr Bagga’s WCS at paras 177–178.

However, these claims are merely conjectures and are not supported by any
evidence. I agree with CDI that the evidence shows that “CDI, whilst
protecting its own interests and reputation, had no intent whatsoever of
harming [Mr Bagga], let alone dominant intent”. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

CDI’s WCS at paras 12.3.1–12.3.3.

146 By virtue of the foregoing, I find that Mr Bagga has not succeeded in
showing that the Statements were published with malice. Therefore, CDI is
entitled to rely on the defence of qualified privilege which applies to all
the Statements.

Conclusion

147 Having dealt with the substantive issues raised in Suit 30, I make the
additional observation that Mr Bagga appears to have sought, via Suit 30, to
relitigate the issues which had been resolved in the UK proceedings. There, Mr
Bagga commenced a claim for breach of contract, alleging, inter alia, that the
contract between the parties did not provide for CDI’s right to suspend or
revoke his CDI-M accreditation. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

1AB at pp 29–49.

Notwithstanding that the UK proceedings culminated in a settlement, 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

6AB at pp 3589–3590.

Mr Bagga spent a significant amount of time at trial focusing on issues which
are relevant to a contractual claim, rather than a defamation claim. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Eg,on whether Mr Snaith had the power to suspend Mr Bagga: NE for 10 August
2023 at pp 160–171; on the significance of negotiation: NE for 10 August 2023
at p 117.

That should not have been the case.

148 To sum up, I dismiss Mr Bagga’s claims in defamation and malicious
falsehood, for the following reasons:

(a) Mr Bagga has failed to establish that the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th and 7th
Statements were defamatory as they were not published to third parties;

(b) Mr Bagga has not shown that the 6th and 8th Statements are defamatory as
they do not refer to him;

(c) Mr Bagga has not proven that the 3rd Statement is defamatory in nature;

(d) in any case, CDI has successfully invoked the defence of qualified
privilege in respect of all the Statements; and

(e) CDI did not act maliciously or with any improper motive in making the
Statements.

149 In view of my decision to dismiss Mr Bagga’s claim, costs should follow
the event even though I do not accept CDI’s arguments in their totality. I
will hear the parties’ submissions as to the appropriate quantum of costs to
be awarded.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Mark Seah and Lynn Cheng (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff;

Prakash Pillai, Koh Junxiang and Charis Toh (Clasis LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Nov 2023 (16:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

