Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 170

Criminal Case No 57 of 2022

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

(1)| Yogesswaran C Manogaran  
---|---  
(2)| Teo Yiu Kin Tee  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law — Statutory Offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Yogesswaran C Manogaran and another

[2023] SGHC 170

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 57 of 2022  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
4–7, 11, 18, 25, 26 October, 8–10, 14, 28, 29 November 2022, 30 March 2023

19 June 2023 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 The first accused in this matter is Yogesswaran C Manogaran (“Yogesswaran”),
a 29-year-old Malaysian citizen who was working as a warehouse assistant. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AB at page 373 (para 17).

The second accused is Teo Yiu Kin Tee (“Teo”), a 75-year-old Stateless citizen
who was unemployed at the time of his arrest. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AB at page 270.

2 Yogesswaran claimed trial to the following charge of trafficking in
diamorphine under s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(the “MDA”) by delivering to Teo two packets containing not less than 837g of
granular/powdery substance, which was analysed and found to contain not less
than 24.81g of diamorphine (the “Relevant Drugs”):

That you, 1\. YOGESSWARAN C MANOGARAN, on 14 January 2020, at about 6.00am, in
the vicinity of the junction of Bendemeer Road and Tripartite Way, Singapore,
did traffic in a Class A Controlled Drug listed in the First Schedule to the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, Rev Ed 2008) (“MDA”), to wit, by delivering two
packets containing not less than 837g of granular/powdery substance, which was
analysed and found to contain not less than 24.81g of diamorphine to one Teo
Yiu Kin Tee, …, without authorisation under the MDA or the regulations made
thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 5(1)(a)
and punishable under section 33(1) of the MDA, and further upon your
conviction, you may be liable to be punished under section 33B of the MDA.

3 Teo claimed trial to the following charge of trafficking in diamorphine
under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA by having in his possession for the purpose of
trafficking the Relevant Drugs:

That you, 2\. TEO YIU KIN TEE, on 14 January 2020, at about 6.00am, at the
junction of Bendemeer Road and Geylang Bahru, Singapore, did traffic in a
Class A Controlled Drug listed in the First Schedule to the MDA to wit, by
having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking, two packets
containing not less than 837g of granular/powdery substance, which was
analysed and found to contain not less than 24.81g of diamorphine, without
authorisation under the MDA or the regulations made thereunder, and you have
thereby committed an offence under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of
the MDA punishable under section 33(1) of the MDA, and further upon your
conviction, you may alternatively be liable to be punished under section 33B
of the MDA.

Facts

The arrests on 14 January 2020

4 On 14 January 2020 at about 5.00am, a team of officers from the Central
Narcotics Bureau (the “CNB”) arrived in the vicinity of 1500 Bendemeer Road to
keep a lookout for Teo. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Agreed Statement of Facts (“ASOF”) at para 2.

At about 5.55am, Station Inspector Muhammad Fardlie bin Ramlie (“SI Fardlie”)
saw Teo alighting from a red taxi at the junction of Bendemeer Road and
Geylang Bahru before walking to the bus stop along Bendemeer Road (the “Bus
Stop”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ASOF at para 3.

5 At about 5.58am, Inspector Eng Chien Loong Eugene (“Insp Eugene”) saw
Yogesswaran turning into Tripartite Way on a Malaysian-registered motorcycle
bearing the registration number JTF5365 (the “Motorcycle”) before eventually
travelling towards the Bus Stop on the Motorcycle. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ASOF at para 4.

SI Fardlie subsequently saw Teo boarding the Motorcycle in the vicinity of the
Bus Stop and the pair then travelled along the pavement towards the direction
of Geylang Bahru. Insp Eugene later saw the Motorcycle stopping at the
junction of Bendemeer Road and Geylang Bahru with Yogsswaran and Teo on board.
Teo alighted from the Motorcycle and walked towards the direction of Block 53
Geylang Bahru while carrying a blue plastic bag (the “Blue Plastic Bag”).
Yogesswaran knew that the Blue Plastic Bag contained two bundles. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ASOF at para 5.

6 On Insp Eugene’s instructions, Teo was arrested by Insp Eugene and Staff
Sergeant Goh Bai Lin (“SSgt Goh”) at the junction of Bendemeer Road and
Geylang Bahru, and Yogesswaran was arrested by Sergeant Syazwan bin Daud
Mohamed (“Sgt Syazwan”) and Sgt Mohammad Nasrulhaq bin Mohd Zainuddin (“Sgt
Nasrulhaq”) at the car park gantry in front of Block 57 Geylang Bahru. Staff
Sergeant Muhammad Helmi bin Abdul Jalal (“SSgt Helmi”) and Sergeant Nur Farina
binte Sidik (“Sgt Farina”) also arrested Hema Mogan (“Hema”), Yogesswaran’s
wife, who was sitting on a bench in front of Block 57 Geylang Bahru. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ASOF at para 6; AB at page 151 (paras 3–5).

Seizure of the drug exhibits and other exhibits on 14 January 2020

7 At about 6.12am, Yogesswaran and Hema were escorted in a CNB operational
vehicle to deck 5B of a multi-storey carpark located at Block 60A Geylang
Bahru (the “MSCP”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ASOF at para 7.

SI Fardlie mentioned in his statement dated 23 November 2021 that at about
6.15am, a search was conducted on a haversack (ie, the exhibit marked as “D1”)
that was seized from the bench on which Hema was sitting, in the presence of
Yogesswaran and Hema. A bundle (ie, the exhibit marked as “D1A”) which
contained the exhibit marked as “D1A1” was recovered from the main compartment
of the haversack . 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 14 November 2022, page 22 lines 8–19; P1-42, P1-43
and P1-44; AB at page 157 (para 7).

8 Insp Eugene mentioned in his statement dated 23 November 2021 that upon
arresting Teo, he seized the Blue Plastic Bag which Teo was carrying (ie, the
exhibit marked as “C1”) and placed it into a tamper-proof bag. Teo was then
escorted in a CNB operational vehicle to deck 5B of the MSCP where the Blue
Plastic Bag was searched in Teo’s presence at about 6.25am. Two green-taped
bundles (ie, the exhibits marked as “C1A” and “C1B”) were recovered from the
Blue Plastic Bag. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB at pages 145–146 (paras 6–7). See also NE, 5 October, page 38 lines 6–10.

This was not challenged. It is also not disputed that “C1A” and “C1B”
contained the Relevant Drugs (ie, the exhibits marked as “C1A1” and “C1B1”).
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 10; First Accused’s Closing
Submissions (“1ACS”); AB at page 324 (para 28); P1-35 and P1-37.

I will refer to “C1A” and “C1B” collectively as the “Relevant Bundles”,
whereas “C1A1”, “C1B1” and “D1A1” will be collectively referred to as the
“Three Drug Exhibits”.

9 The following exhibits were also seized from Teo’s front pants pockets: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ASOF at para 10.

(a) one gold coloured packet (marked as “C2”) containing four packets of brown
granular powdery substances (marked individually as “C2A” to “C2D”);

(b) one gold coloured packet (marked as “C3”) containing one plastic packet
(marked as “C3A”) which in turn contained two packets of white crystalline
substances (marked as “C3A1” and “C3A2”);

(c) one plastic packet (marked as “C3B”) containing one packet of white
crystalline substances (marked as “C3B1”);

(d) one plastic packet (marked as “C4”) containing one packet of brown
granular powdery substances (marked as “C4A”); and

(e) one straw containing brown granular powdery substances (marked as “C4B1”)
wrapped with aluminium foil (marked as “C4B”).

10 At about 6.45pm, Teo was escorted to his residence at 27 Prome Road (“Teo’s
Unit”) in a CNB operational vehicle, during which time the exhibits that had
been seized from Teo and placed in a black duffel bag (the “Duffel Bag”) were
placed on Insp Eugene’s lap. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASOF at para 11.

Following a search by the CNB officers of the bedroom of Teo’s Unit in Teo’s
presence, one yellow plastic bag (marked as “A1”) was seized from the wall
behind the door of the bedroom. The yellow plastic bag contained one “Darlie”
toothpaste box (marked as “A1A”) which in turn contained 10 packets of brown
granular substances (individually marked as “A1A1” to “A1A10”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ASOF at para 12.

The following exhibits were also seized from the floor next to the wardrobe by
the window in Teo’s bedroom: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ASOF at para 13.

(a) two improvised utensils consisting of one orange straw with a plastic tube
at the end, one red straw attached to an improvised glass bottle, one
improvised bottle and one glass pipe (marked as “B1” to “B4” respectively);

(b) two rolled-up papers (individually marked as “B5” and “B6”);

(c) one plastic packet (marked as “B7”) containing numerous plastic packaging
(marked as “B7A”); and

(d) one digital weighing scale (marked as “B8”).

These exhibits were packed and sealed in separate tamper-proof bags, before
being placed into the Duffel Bag. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ASOF at para 14.

11 At about 7.30am, SSgt Goh recovered a stack of S$50 notes from Teo’s
wallet, which were kept with the rest of Teo’s personal belongings and placed
into the Duffel Bag. SSgt Goh also recovered a separate stack of S$50 notes
from Teo’s rear left pants pocket (marked as “C5”), which was packed and
sealed in a tamper-proof bag and placed into the Duffel Bag. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ASOF at paras 15–16.

Analysis of the Relevant Drugs

12 The Relevant Drugs were subsequently analysed by the Health Sciences
Authority (the “HSA”). “C1A1” was found to contain 413.8g of substance
containing not less than 11.47g of diamorphine, whilst “C1B1” was found to
contain 423.2g of substance containing not less than 13.34g of diamorphine. In
total, the Relevant Drugs consisted of 837g of substance containing not less
than 24.81g of diamorphine. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ASOF at para 43.

Yogesswaran’s DNA profile was found on, among others, the non-adhesive side of
the tapes on “C1A” and the swabs of “C1A” and “C1B”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ASOF at para 48.

The admissibility of the recorded statements

Statements recorded from Yogesswaran

13 A total of 16 statements were recorded from Yogesswaran in the course of
the investigations:

(a) A contemporaneous statement was recorded under s 22 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (the “CPC”) by Sgt Nasrulhaq on 14
January 2020 at 7.50am (“Yogesswaran’s Contemporaneous Statement”).

(b) 12 long statements were recorded under s 22 of the CPC and two cautioned
statements were recorded under s 23 of the CPC by Assistant Superintendent
Yang Rongluan (“ASP Yang”) between 15 January 2020 and 28 January 2020, which
were interpreted by Mdm Vijaya Thamavamary Abraham (“Mdm Vijaya”).

(c) A long statement was recorded under s 22 of the CPC by Assistant
Superintendent Vinod s/o Pannerchilvam (“ASP Vinod”) on 24 September 2021.

14 During the trial, Yogesswaran challenged the admissibility of Yogesswaran’s
Contemporaneous Statement on the basis that the statement was recorded after
Sgt Nasrulhaq had made the following promises to him: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Yogesswaran’s Submissions for the Ancillary Hearing dated 14 October 2022 at
para 7.

(a) In response to Yogesswaran’s query as to the possible length of his
sentence, Sgt Nasrulhaq allegedly informed him that if he admitted to
everything, and the court believed him, he would be given a sentence of 15
years’ imprisonment or less.

(b) In response to Yogesswaran’s query as to what would happen to Hema, Sgt
Nasrulhaq allegedly informed him that if the investigations were completed and
if Hema was not involved, she would be released in two weeks.

15 Following an ancillary hearing that was held on 7 October 2022 and 11
October 2022, during which I heard the testimony of Sgt Nasrulhaq and
Yogesswaran, I found on 18 October 2022 that the Prosecution had proved beyond
a reasonable doubt that Sgt Nasrulhaq had not said anything to Yogesswaran
about the sentencing or other consequences that would or might follow from
Yogesswaran’s admitting to everything, other than what was contained in the
Mandatory Death Penalty Notification which Sgt Nasrulhaq had read to him prior
to taking the statement. I therefore found that Yogesswaran’s Contemporaneous
Statement had been made voluntarily. I also found that the prejudicial effect
of Yogesswaran’s Contemporaneous Statement did not outweigh its probative
value. Accordingly, I admitted Yogesswaran’s Contemporaneous Statement. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE, 18 October 2022, page 3 line 17 to page 4 line 24.

Statements recorded from Teo

16 A total of six statements were recorded from Teo in the course of the
investigations:

(a) Two contemporaneous statements were recorded under s 22 of the CPC by
Staff Sergeant Goh Jun Xian (“SSgt Eric”) on 14 January 2020.

(b) One cautioned statement was recorded under s 23 of the CPC by Senior Staff
Sergeant Huang Weilun (“SSS Huang”) on 15 January 2020, which was interpreted
by Mr Wong Png Leong.

(c) Three long statements were recorded under s 22 of the CPC by SSS Huang
between 19 January 2020 and 20 January 2020, which were interpreted by Mr Ee
Soon Huat.

17 It is not disputed that all six statements were provided by Teo
voluntarily. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Second Accused’s Closing Submissions (“2ACS”) at para 28.

Summary of the parties’ cases

The Prosecution’s case against Yogesswaran

18 The Prosecution submits that it is undisputed that Yogesswaran was in
possession of the Relevant Drugs at the material time, and that he delivered
the Relevant Drugs to Teo. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS at para 64 and 75.

In this regard, the Prosecution also contends that it has proved beyond a
reasonable doubt that the chain of custody of the Relevant Drugs was not
broken, and that the results of the analysis of the Relevant Drugs conducted
by the HSA are accurate. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCS at paras 65–74; Prosecution’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at para 5.

19 On the basis of Yogesswaran’s possession of the Relevant Drugs, the
Prosecution relies on the presumption of knowledge in s 18(2) of the MDA,
pursuant to which Yogesswaran is presumed to have known that the Relevant
Drugs were diamorphine. In this regard, the Prosecution further argues that
Yogesswaran is unable to rebut the presumption of knowledge, having failed to
prove on a balance of probabilities his defence that he did not know what the
Relevant Bundles contained, but suspected that they could be drugs that
attracted a light sentence and/or cigarettes. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS at paras 76–80.

Yogesswaran’s defence

20 Yogesswaran does not dispute that he possessed the Relevant Bundles
containing the Relevant Drugs, nor that he delivered the same to Teo on 14
January 2020. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1ACS at para 8.

Instead, Yogesswaran makes the following contentions:

(a) The Prosecution has not proved that there was an unbroken chain of custody
in respect of the Relevant Drugs in view of (i) the difference in the weights
of the Three Drug Exhibits recorded by ASP Yang and those measured by the HSA
and (ii) the possibility of the Three Drug Exhibits having been mixed up when
they were being photographed for the purpose of a press release (the “Press
Release Photo-taking”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1ACS at para 16.

(b) He has rebutted the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA as
he has established that he genuinely thought that he was carrying either drugs
that would attract a low sentence or uncustomed cigarettes, and there is no
direct or circumstantial evidence to show that he knew the Relevant Drugs were
diamorphine (the “Knowledge Defence”). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1ACS at paras 89–94 and 124–125.

The Prosecution’s case against Teo

21 The Prosecution submits that it is undisputed that Teo had actual
possession of the Relevant Drugs and knew that the Relevant Drugs were
diamorphine. Relying on the presumption of trafficking under s 17(c) of the
MDA, the Prosecution argues that Teo was in possession of the Relevant Drugs
for the purpose of trafficking. The Prosecution contends that Teo is unable to
rebut the presumption of trafficking, as he cannot establish on a balance of
probabilities that the Relevant Drugs were meant for his own consumption. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PCS at paras 108–111.

Teo’s defence

22 The only defence which Teo raises to rebut the presumption of trafficking
under s 17(c) of the MDA is that the Relevant Drugs were intended for his own
consumption (the “Consumption Defence”). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

2ACS at para 20.

Issues to be determined

23 The elements of an offence under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA are well-established
(Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2014] 3
SLR 721 at [59]):

(a) First, there must be possession of a controlled drug.

(b) Second, there must be knowledge of the nature of the drug.

(c) Third, there must be proof that possession of the drug was for the
purposes of trafficking which was not authorised.

24 As noted above at [20], Yogesswaran does not dispute that he possessed the
Relevant Bundles containing the Relevant Drugs at the material time; 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1ACS at para 8; NE, 14 November 2022, page 55 lines 27 to page 56 line 1.

this was also accepted by Yogesswaran on the stand. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 23 lines 21–23.

Accordingly, pursuant to s 18(2) of the MDA, Yogesswaran would be presumed to
have known the nature of the Relevant Drugs, ie, diamorphine. Yogesswaran also
accepted on the stand that he had delivered the Relevant Bundles containing
the Relevant Drugs to Teo by passing to Teo the Blue Plastic Bag, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 21 line 31 to page 22 line 1.

and that he did so without authorisation. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 55 line 27 to page 56 line 11.

Therefore, the issues arising in relation to Yogesswaran are:

(a) whether there was a break in the chain of custody in relation to the
Relevant Drugs (the “Chain of Custody Issue”); and

(b) whether Yogesswaran has rebutted the presumption of knowledge under s
18(2) of the MDA on a balance of probabilities.

25 As for Teo, he accepted on the stand that he knowingly collected two
bundles of diamorphine (ie, the Relevant Bundles containing the Relevant
Drugs) on 14 January 2020. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE, 29 November 2022, page 16 lines 21–28.

Teo also testified that he knew that the Relevant Drugs were diamorphine. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE, 29 November 2022, page 51 lines 3–4.

In other words, it is undisputed that Teo was in knowing possession of more
than 2g of diamorphine, and is therefore presumed to have had the Relevant
Drugs in his possession for the purpose of trafficking pursuant to s 17(c) of
the MDA. Hence, the issue arising in relation to Teo is whether Teo has
rebutted the presumption of trafficking under s 17(c) of the MDA on a balance
of probabilities. While Teo did not raise the Chain of Custody Issue, if
Yogesswaran succeeds on it then Teo would have the benefit of it as well.

The Chain of Custody Issue

26 The Prosecution submits that it has proved beyond a reasonable doubt that
the chain of custody of the Relevant Drugs was not broken, for the following
reasons:

(a) Based on the evidence of various officers from the CNB called by the
Prosecution as witnesses, the chain of custody of the Relevant Drugs was
intact and fully accounted for from the point of seizure, through the
processing of the exhibits, and until they were submitted to the HSA for
analysis. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PCS at paras 65–71; PRS at para 8.

Moreover, it is an agreed fact that Yogesswaran’s DNA was found on the drugs,
which makes it clear that the drug exhibits analysed by the HSA were the
Relevant Drugs delivered by Yogesswaran to Teo. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PRS at para 7.

It was not put to these witnesses that their evidence on the chain of custody
of the Relevant Drugs was untrue, or that the drug exhibits analysed by the
HSA were not the same Relevant Drugs that Yogesswaran had delivered to Teo. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PRS at para 10.

(b) Yogesswaran’s argument that there is a theoretical possibility that the
Relevant Drugs were mixed up during the Press Release Photo-taking is
speculative and should be rejected. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PRS at paras 11–16.

ASP Yang and XT4 Toh Sin Ee Mikale (“XT4 Toh”), who were involved with the
Press Release Photo-taking, emphatically stated that there was no mix-up in
the drug exhibits because safeguards had been employed. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PCS at para 68; PRS at paras 19 and 22.

Moreover, as Yogesswaran accepted that it was “fair” that accused persons are
not allowed to be present at the Press Release Photo-taking, his argument that
ASP Yang should have brought him and Teo back to the Exhibit Management Room
(“EMR”) to witness the sealing of the Drug Exhibits after the completion of
the Press Release Photo-taking rings hollow. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PRS at para 21.

(c) The results of the analysis of the Relevant Drugs conducted by the HSA are
an accurate reflection of the weight of the Relevant Drugs. ASP Yang and Dr
Ong Mei Ching (“Dr Ong”) of the HSA have provided legitimate explanations for
the discrepancies in the weights of the Relevant Drugs recorded by them. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PCS at paras 72–74.

Moreover, the minute differences in the weights recorded by ASP Yang and Dr
Ong are insufficient to raise a reasonable doubt as to whether the drug
exhibits analysed by the HSA were the Relevant Drugs. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PRS at paras 23–30.

27 On the other hand, Yogesswaran submits that the Prosecution has not proved
that there was an unbroken chain of custody of the Relevant Drugs based on the
following arguments:

(a) There is a reasonable doubt that there was a break in the chain of custody
of the Relevant Drugs during the Press Release Photo-taking. In particular,
there are photographs showing three bundles of drug exhibits being grouped
together, where the bundles were not placed in tamper-proof bags and did not
bear any apparent labelling or markings. However, none of the CNB officers
could recall the steps taken to prevent a mix-up of the drug exhibits. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

1ACS at paras 57–88.

Although XT4 Toh testified that she would have employed certain safeguards to
prevent the drug exhibits from getting mixed up, she had no actual memory of
what had transpired during the Press Release Photo-taking on 14 January 2020.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

First Accused’s Reply Submissions (“1ARS”) at paras 1–3

(b) There was a procedural lapse in the handling of the Relevant Drugs, as the
Relevant Drugs were not sealed in the presence of Yogesswaran and/or Teo after
the media photo-taking process. While there may have been a CNB guideline that
accused persons were not allowed to be present during the Press Release Photo-
taking, there was nothing preventing ASP Yang from bringing Teo and
Yogesswaran back to the EMR to witness the sealing of the Relevant Drugs. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

1ACS at paras 17–26.

(c) There are discrepancies in the weights of the Three Drug Exhibits recorded
by ASP Yang in the EMR and those recorded by Dr Ong after analysis at the HSA.
It is incumbent on the Prosecution to furnish cogent and reasoned explanations
to account for the discrepancies. However, the Prosecution has failed to
provide any such explanation, and neither ASP Yang nor Dr Ong could explain
the discrepancies. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

1ACS at paras 28–56; 1ARS at paras 5–6.

The evidence pertaining to the Chain of Custody Issue

The evidence surrounding the handling of the Relevant Drugs

28 It is helpful to first set out the evidence surrounding the handling of
Relevant Drugs from the point it was seized from Teo up to the point it was
sealed and sent to the HSA for analysis.

Date (Time)| Evidence of the CNB officers  
---|---  
14 January 2020 (6.00am)| Upon arresting Teo at about 6.00am, Insp Eugene
seized the Blue Plastic Bag that Teo was carrying and placed it into a tamper-
proof bag without sealing it. 49

##### Foot Note 49

× NE, 5 October 2022, page 36 lines 19–25. At about 6.10am, Teo was escorted
to the MSCP in a CNB operational vehicle, with the tamper-proof bag containing
the Blue Plastic Bag placed on Insp Eugene’s lap. 50

##### Foot Note 50

× AB at pages 145–146 (paras 6–7).  
14 January 2020 (6.25am)| At about 6.25am, Insp Eugene handed the tamper-proof
bag containing the Blue Plastic Bag to Sergeant Dadly bin Osman (“Sgt Dadly”)
and instructed Sgt Dadly to conduct a search on the Blue Plastic Bag. The Blue
Plastic Bag was searched in Teo’s presence and the Relevant Bundles were
recovered from the Blue Plastic Bag. Thereafter, Sgt Dadly placed each of the
Relevant Bundles into separate tamper-proof bags and sealed the bags. The
sealed tamper-proof bags were then placed into the Duffel Bag and handed to
Insp Eugene for safekeeping at about 6.42am. 51

##### Foot Note 51

× AB at pages 146 (para 7); 202–203 (para 7).  
14 January 2020 (11.40am)| Insp Eugene had custody of the Duffel Bag
containing the Relevant Bundles from the MSCP until he arrived at the
headquarters of the CNB (the “CNB HQ”) at about 11.40am. Insp Eugene passed
the Duffel Bag containing the Relevant Bundles to SI Fardlie at about 1.17pm.
52

##### Foot Note 52

× AB at pages 147–149 (paras 9–17).  
14 January 2020 (1.19pm)| SI Fardlie brought the Duffel Bag containing the
Relevant Bundles to the basement 4 carpark of the CNB HQ at about 1.19pm for
the search and photo-taking of the Motorcycle, before bringing it to the EMR
at about 1.35pm. 53

##### Foot Note 53

× AB at page 158 (paras 12–14).  
14 January 2020 (1.58pm)| The processing of the exhibits (including the
Relevant Bundles) commenced at about 1.58pm. Teo, Yogesswaran and Hema were
present in the EMR to observe the processing of the exhibits through a glass
panel. SI Fardlie, Insp Eugene and SSgt Helmi took turns to hand the exhibits
to ASP Yang one at a time for processing. 54

##### Foot Note 54

× AB at page 149 (para 18), 158 (para 14) and 322–323 (paras 20–27).  SSS
Huang assisted ASP Yang by, among other things, marking the case exhibits and
sealing some of the exhibits into new tamper-proof bags after XT3 Chindoo d/o
Kumar (“XT3 Chindoo”) took photographs of each exhibit. ASP Yang also sealed
some of the exhibits into tamper-proof bags. 55

##### Foot Note 55

× AB at page 259 (para 9) and page 322 (para 19). XT3 Haifaa binte Mohamed
Anwar assisted ASP Yang by laying out the case exhibits and cutting open and
swabbing some of the case exhibits, including the Relevant Bundles. 56

##### Foot Note 56

× AB at page 4 (para 7) and page 323 (para 25).  At about 4.29pm, XT4 Toh
arrived at the EMR to assist with the processing of the exhibits. 57

##### Foot Note 57

× AB at page 323 (para 21).  
14 January 2020 (6.43pm)| The processing of the exhibits concluded at around
6.43pm. SSS Huang and ASP Yang testified that after the exhibits had been
processed, the exhibits marked as “C1A1”, “C1B1” and “D1A1” (ie, the Three
Drug Exhibits) were packed in new tamper-proof bags. However, they were not
sealed immediately as they needed to be photographed for CNB’s press release.
58

##### Foot Note 58

× NE, 25 October 2022, page 34 lines 15–20 and page 45 lines 24 to page 46
line 15; NE 8 November 2022, page 63 line 26 to page 64 line 2. XT3 Chindoo
similarly testified that when she left the EMR at about 6.47pm, the Three Drug
Exhibits were in separate tamper-proof bags. 59

##### Foot Note 59

× NE, 4 October 2022, page 89 line 24 to page 90 line 19. However, XT3 Chindoo
also agreed that she “saw the drugs being sealed and marked” in the EMR but
could not recall if the Three Drug Exhibits were thereafter taken out again
for the Press Release Photo-taking. 60

##### Foot Note 60

× NE, 4 October 2022, page 86 line 14 to page 87 line 2.  
14 January 2020 (6.50pm)| At about 6.50pm, ASP Yang weighed the Three Drug
Exhibits in the presence of Teo, Yogesswaran and Hema. Teo, Yogesswaran and
Hema subsequently signed against the weights of the drug exhibits recorded in
ASP Yang’s investigation diary. The weighing process ended at about 7.08pm. 61

##### Foot Note 61

× AB at pages 326–327 (paras 29 and 31).  
14 January 2020 (7.14pm)| Page 4 of Exhibit 1D1 depicts one of the three press
release photographs taken of “C1A1”, “C1B1” and “D1A1” (ie, the Three Drug
Exhibits), which was taken by XT4 Toh with her mobile phone on ASP Yang’s
instructions. XT4 Toh testified that she took the photo at around 7.14pm in
the EMR, after the processing and weighing of the exhibits. 62

##### Foot Note 62

× NE, 10 November 2022, page 39 line 22 to page 40 line 7. Although XT4 Toh
could not recall what in fact occurred on 14 January 2020, 63

##### Foot Note 63

× NE, 10 November 2022, page 42 lines 3–9.  she testified that usually,
exhibits would be removed from the tamper-proof bags in which they were stored
and laid out on “brown paper”. Photographs of the exhibits would then be taken
before placing the exhibits back into tamper-proof bags. 64

##### Foot Note 64

× NE, 10 November 2022, page 40 lines 24–31.  ASP Yang and SSS Huang testified
that the Press Release Photo-taking was not witnessed by Yeo, Yogesswaran
and/or Hema. 65

##### Foot Note 65

× NE, 25 October 2022, page 25 lines 15–23; 8 November 2022, page 72 lines
2–4. According to ASP Yang, a CNB guideline prohibited accused persons from
being present at the Press Release Photo-taking. 66

##### Foot Note 66

× NE, 8 November 2022, page 72 lines 5–8; 9 November 2022, page 82 lines 2–18.
After the Press Release Photo-taking, the tamper-proof bags containing the
Three Drug Exhibits were sealed in their respective tamper-proof bags by ASP
Yang and SSS Huang. 67

##### Foot Note 67

× NE, 8 November 2022, page 64 lines 9–13 and page 71, line 31 to page 72 line
1. ASP Yang testified that the tamper-proof bags containing the Three Drug
Exhibits were not sealed in the presence of Yogesswaran and/or Teo. 68

##### Foot Note 68

× NE, 9 November 2022, page 87 lines 1–11.  However, ASP Yang accepted that
there was nothing physically preventing her from bringing the accused persons
back to the EMR after the conclusion of the photo-taking to witness the
sealing of the Three Drug Exhibits in tamper-proof bags. 69

##### Foot Note 69

× NE, 9 November 2022, page 82 line 15 to page 83 line 22.  
14 January 2020 (7.19pm)| At about 7.19pm, ASP Yang and SSS Huang carried all
the exhibits to ASP Yang’s office. 70

##### Foot Note 70

× AB at page 259 (para 10) and page 327 (para 33).  
15 January 2022 (2.00pm)| At about 2.00pm, ASP Yang handed the tamper-proof
bags containing the Three Drug Exhibits to Staff Sergeant Mohammed Rafi s/o
Anwar Badcha (“SSgt Rafi”), who locked them inside a metal cabinet in the
Exhibit Management Team’s office in the CNB HQ. 71

##### Foot Note 71

× AB at page 220 (para 2) and page 333 (para 56). SSgt Rafi subsequently
retrieved the Three Drug Exhibits from the metal cabinet and handed them to
Staff Sergeant Kovalan s/o Gopala Krishna (“SSgt Kovalan”). 72

##### Foot Note 72

× NE, 4 October 2022, page 106 lines 18–22 and page 110 lines 3–8.  
15 January 2020 (4.33pm)| At about 4.33pm, SSgt Kovalan submitted the Three
Drug Exhibits to the Illicit Drugs Laboratory of the HSA for analysis. 73

##### Foot Note 73

× AB at page 222 (para 2).  
  
29 One of the focal points of the Chain of Custody Issue is the handling of
the Three Drug Exhibits during the Press Release Photo-taking, and the
possibility of the Three Drug Exhibits being mixed up. XT4 Toh testified that
to “keep track” of the exhibits during the photography of the exhibits, after
removing the exhibits from their respective tamper-proof bags, the respective
tamper-proof bags would be laid out in the same arrangement as their
corresponding exhibits on the corner of the table. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE 10 November 2022, page 40 line 32 to page 41 line 10.

30 ASP Yang’s evidence in this regard was slightly different. She testified
that aside from the method identified by XT4 Toh, the CNB also employed
another method to differentiate drug exhibits from one another when they were
removed from their marked tamper-proof bags to be photographed: 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE, 8 November 2022, page 71 lines 13–26.

[T]here are two ways to go about doing this. So when we are trying to take out
the drug bundles to arrange in a nice position for the press release photos,
so the first way is when we took it out from the polymer bag, we will first
place the drug bundle in the formation, in this case the triangle formation.
The corresponding polymer bag [ie, the tamper-proof bag] will also be placed
in the same triangle formation side by side, but not shown within the photos.
That is one method. The other second method is after taking out the drug
bundles from the polymer bag, we will fold the polymer bag to make it smaller,
and then place it underneath directly the respective drug bundle, so that you
also won’t be able to see it from the press release photo. That’s how we are
able to identify the drug bundles go back to which polymer bag.

31 SSS Huang similarly testified that there were two methods to distinguish
drug exhibits from one another after they have been removed from their
respective tamper-proof bags to be photographed: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE, 25 October 2022, page 25 lines 1–11.

[T]here’s two methods to it. So by---the first method is, while the exhibit
are being lay according to what is shown in the photos, the marking of the
exhibit are also lay accordance to what is shown in the photos, but is at the
side, that is not taken by photo. The second way will be, we will place the
exhibit marking under the exhibit itself, when the press release photo was---
is taken, Your Honour.

32 I will refer to the first method of differentiating the exhibits (described
at [29] above) as the “Same Formation Method”, and refer to the other method
as described by ASP Yang and SSS Huang (at [30]–[31] above) as the “Under
Exhibit Method”. None of XT4 Toh, ASP Yang and SSS Huang could recall exactly
which of the two possible methods was in fact used on 14 January 2020 to
prevent the Three Drug Exhibits from getting mixed up. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE, 10 November 2022, page 42 lines 3–9; 8 November 2022, page 71 lines 27–30;
25 October 2022, page 25 lines 9–14.

I note that the photograph-taking process was not described in any of their
statements. ASP Yang also did not record details of the Press Release Photo-
taking in her investigation diary. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE, 9 November 2022, page 84 lines 18–26.

The evidence surrounding the weight of the Relevant Drugs

33 I turn to set out the evidence surrounding the weighing of the Relevant
Drugs and the discrepancies in the weights of the Three Drug Exhibits recorded
by ASP Yang and Dr Ong.

34 As mentioned at [28] above, ASP Yang had weighed the Three Drug Exhibits in
the presence of Teo, Yogesswaran and Hema and had recorded the weights of the
drug exhibits in her investigation diary.

35 However, the weights of the Relevant Drugs and “D1A1” recorded by ASP Yang
(after deducting the weight of the tamper-proof bags) differed from the
weights recorded by Dr Ong of the HSA:

Exhibit| Weight recorded by ASP Yang 79

##### Foot Note 79

× NE, 9 November 2022, page 88 lines 19–26 and page 90 line 16 to page 91 line 16. | Weight recorded by Dr Ong 80

##### Foot Note 80

× AB at pages 36, 38 and 48. | Weight difference   
---|---|---|---  
“C1A1”| 418.24g| Not less than 413.8g| -4.44g  
“C1B1”| 426.6g| Not less than 423.2g| -3.4g  
“D1A1”| 422.27g| Not less than 426.8g| +4.53g  
  
36 In relation to “C1A1” and “C1B1”, Dr Ong explained that the weights
reflected in her reports were lower than the weights obtained from the
weighing process (ie, 414.21g for “C1A1” and 423.62g for “C1B1”) as reflected
in her case notes, to “take into account the variation of the measurement
process which is the weighing process”. The value to be deducted was
determined to be 0.33g at a 99.9999% level of confidence. Accordingly, 0.33g
was deducted from the weights of “C1A1” and “C1B1” obtained from the weighing
process to arrive at the weights reflected in Dr Ong’s reports. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE, 4 October 2022, page 68 line 25 to page 69 line 30.

37 In relation to the discrepancies in the weights of the Three Drug Exhibits
measured by Dr Ong compared to those recorded by ASP Yang, Dr Ong’s evidence
was as follows:

(a) Dr Ong testified that diamorphine is hygroscopic, ie, it tends to absorb
moisture from the air. In relation to “D1A1”, Dr Ong accepted on the stand
that the hygroscopic nature of diamorphine could be one of the reasons why the
weight recorded by her at the HSA was higher than that recorded in the EMR by
ASP Yang. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE, 4 October 2022, page 47 line 27 to page 48 line 4 and page 49 line 28 to
page 50 line 1.

(b) Dr Ong also testified that the weights of drug exhibits measured may
differ based on: (i) the placement of the exhibit on the weighing scale; (ii)
whether the exhibit was being weighed with or without the exhibit label and/or
the tamper-proof bag; (iii) whether the weighing scale was on a level
platform; (iv) the maintenance of the weighing scale; (v) whether the weighing
scale was calibrated accurately; and (vi) whether zeroing was performed before
the exhibit was placed on the weighing scale. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE, 4 October 2022, page 49 lines 22–24, page 50 lines 4–11, page 59 lines
15–23, page 66 lines 26–30 and page 68 lines 3–13.

However, Dr Ong cautioned that she could not confirm or pinpoint the exact
reason(s) why the weights of “C1A1” and “C1B1” recorded at the HSA were lower,
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE, 4 October 2022, page 59 lines 15–23.

nor why the weight of “D1A1” recorded at the HSA was higher, 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE, 4 October 2022, page 52 lines 15–26.

as she was not present in the EMR. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE, 4 October 2022, page 60 lines 21–28.

38 ASP Yang accepted that the discrepancies in the weights of the Three Drug
Exhibits recorded by herself and Dr Ong may be attributed to the following
factors:

(a) The weights recorded by ASP Yang included the weight of the packaging that
the drugs came in (ie, the exhibits marked as “C1A1(Packaging)” and
“C1B1(Packaging)”), whereas the weights recorded by Dr Ong only included the
weight of the granular/powdery substance in the drug exhibits without the
packaging. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE, 4 October 2022, page 51 lines 1–6.

(b) The weighing scale that ASP Yang used was different from the weighing
scale used at the HSA. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE, 9 November 2022, page 89, lines 20–21.

(c) ASP Yang testified that she did not ensure equal distribution of the drug
exhibits on the weighing scale when she was weighing them. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE, 9 November 2022, page 107, lines 24–31.

Analysis

39 As noted by the Court of Appeal in Mohamed Affandi bin Rosli v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 440 (“Affandi”) at [40], the
importance of ensuring a complete chain of custody of the drugs used to secure
a conviction is paramount.

40 The Prosecution bears the burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that
the drug exhibits analysed by the HSA were the very ones initially seized from
the offender. It is incumbent on the Prosecution to establish an unbroken
chain of custody and to account for the movement of the exhibits from the
point of seizure to the point of analysis, such that there cannot be a single
moment that is not accounted for if this might give rise to a reasonable doubt
as to the identity of the exhibits. However, speculative arguments about the
possibility of contamination are insufficient to raise a reasonable doubt as
to the identity of the exhibits: see Parthiban a/l Kanapathy v Public
Prosecutor [2021] 2 SLR 847 (“Parthiban”) at [14], referring to Affandi at
[39] and [118].

41 In Affandi, one of the offenders argued that the chain of custody was
broken because: (a) there were differing accounts as to who in the arresting
party had possession of the relevant drug exhibits from the time they were
seized until they were handed over to the investigating officer (the “IO”);
and (b) after the IO took possession of the exhibits, she did not lock them in
her safe but left them on the floor of her office instead. The majority of the
Court of Appeal found that the Prosecution failed to establish beyond a
reasonable doubt the actual chain of custody in the first place, as there were
“two complete and mutually exclusive chains of custody of exhibits, neither of
which was disproved” (Affandi at [43]–[51]). However, the Court of Appeal
rejected the argument that the leaving of drug exhibits in tamper-proof bags
on the floor of the IO’s office, unsealed and unsigned, for approximately 34
hours gave rise to a possibility that the exhibits were tampered with. The
argument was found to be “speculative and … founded purely on the theoretical
possibility of the exhibits being tampered with” [emphasis in original], as
there was no other evidence suggesting that there was unauthorised entry into
the IO’s office (Affandi at [54]–[56]).

42 Where there is a discrepancy between the weights of the drug exhibits
recorded by the officers from the CNB and those obtained after analysis at the
HSA, the Prosecution must explain the discrepancy in proving its case beyond a
reasonable doubt (Lim Swee Seng v Public Prosecutor [1995] 1 SLR(R) 32 (“Lim
Swee Seng”) at [70]). However, where the discrepancy in weight is minute, it
may not suffice to raise a reasonable doubt that there has been a break in the
chain of custody. In this regard, a consistent weight difference across
multiple exhibits would lead to an inference that whatever the reason for the
discrepancy, it would not have been caused by a break in the chain of custody
(Parthiban at [18]). In Lim Swee Seng, the Court of Appeal found that a
reasonable doubt existed as to whether the exhibits sent to the HSA for
analysis were the same exhibits seized from the offender, as there was a
weight discrepancy of 78.13g between the scientific officer’s measurements and
the investigating officer’s measurements (ie, 16.49% of the weight measured by
the investigating officer) (at [71] and [76]). Conversely, in Parthiban, the
court considered that a weight discrepancy of about 1% was insufficient to
raise a reasonable doubt as to the identity of the drug exhibits in question
(at [18]).

43 I now analyse the facts. First, when I heard counsel in oral closing, the
Prosecution accepted that the presence of Yogesswaran’s DNA on the Relevant
Bundles only assisted the Prosecution in proving the chain of custody of the
Relevant Drugs up to the point where the Relevant Bundles were processed in
the EMR. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE, 30 March 2023, page 19 line 22 to page 20 line 23; page 29 line 1 to page
31 line 5.

As Yogesswaran’s DNA was present only on the outer packaging of the Relevant
Bundles (see [12] above) and the Relevant Drugs were removed from the outer
packaging before being sent to the HSA for analysis, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AB at page 323–324 (paras 25–28).

the fact that Yogesswaran’s DNA was on the outer packaging of the bundles did
not assist the Prosecution in showing that there was no mix up among the Three
Drug Exhibits themselves. Secondly, at the same hearing, counsel accepted that
any mix up (if it had occurred) would at most mean that “D1A1” had been
mistakenly swapped with one of either “C1A1” or “C1B1”. Moreover, counsel for
Yogesswaran confirmed that the submission that there could have been a mix-up
among the Three Drug Exhibits was effectively limited to a careless mix-up,
rather than extending to deliberate tampering or substitution.

44 In essence, the submission by Yogesswaran is that when (a) the
discrepancies in the weights of the Three Drug Exhibits recorded by ASP Yang
and Dr Ong (and in particular the fact that the weight of “D1A1” recorded at
the HSA was higher while those of “C1A1” and “C1B1” were lower) (see [35]
above) and (b) the lack of opportunity for either Yogesswaran or Teo to
observe what took place at the Press Release Photo-taking are taken together,
the court should find that there is a reasonable doubt as to whether the chain
of custody of the Relevant Drugs remained unbroken.

45 I begin by observing that the reason why a drug exhibit is ordinarily kept
within sight of an arrested person until it has been sealed is to eliminate or
reduce the possibility of that arrested person asserting that there has been a
break in the chain of custody. This minimises disputes and hence facilitates
proof at the trial of the chain of custody. However, this does not mean that
the inability of an accused person to observe the processing and/or sealing of
a drug exhibit automatically breaks the chain of custody during that period of
non-observation. What ultimately matters is the actual chain of custody of the
material drug exhibit(s) by the police, as opposed to the accused person’s
observation of that chain of custody. A period during which the accused did
not have the opportunity to observe the exhibit merely raises a question that
must be answered by the evidence of someone who in fact had custody of the
material drug exhibit(s) during that period. If credible evidence is given in
that regard, then the necessary link in the chain of custody would be
established.

46 Here, the Prosecution chiefly relies on the evidence of ASP Yang and SSS
Huang. They were both present throughout the Press Release Photo-taking. Taken
together with the evidence of XT4 Toh, their evidence shows that either the
Same Formation Method or the Under Exhibit Method was used to prevent a mix-up
of the Three Drug Exhibits. The adoption of either method would be sufficient
to ensure that the Three Drug Exhibits were not mixed up. In light of the
passage of time between the Press Release Photo-taking and the present
proceedings, it is not surprising that they could not remember specifically
which method was used. I am satisfied that there was no break in the chain of
custody. The Three Drug Exhibits were placed on the table in the EMR under the
observation and control of ASP Yang. That she could not remember if the
exhibit markings were placed beneath them or to match their formation does not
matter. This is merely an incidental detail. What transpired in the present
case is quite different from the situation in Affandi where there were
differing accounts as to who in the arresting party had possession of the
relevant drug exhibits from the time they were seized until they were handed
over to the investigating officer. Here, there is no question of where and
under whose control the Three Drug Exhibits were.

47 I would further observe that it is legitimate for the police to issue a
press release about a seizure of drugs as part of the goal of reasonable
transparency concerning their activities. Including photographs of the drugs
in such a press release is also legitimate. Having a policy that the accused
persons not be present during such photo-taking is defensible, so long as the
police take appropriate measures both to ensure the chain of custody is not
broken and to facilitate proof of the unbroken chain of custody. While I
accept the evidence of ASP Yang, SSS Huang and XT4 Toh and accordingly find
that there was no break in the chain of custody, it would facilitate proof of
the chain of custody if the fact and duration of photo-taking for a press
release is recorded in the investigation diary and mentioned in the relevant
conditioned statements. It should not be left to be uncovered by defence
detective work.

48 I now turn to the discrepancies in weight. I accept the evidence of Dr Ong
that the recorded weight of a drug exhibit may differ depending on the
placement of the exhibit on the weighing scale. This is because the drugs take
the form of granular blocks or clumps. This could explain why she recorded a
lower weight for “C1A1” and “C1B1” (ie, the Relevant Drugs) while recording a
higher weight for “D1A1”. Further, the percentage differences in weight were
small. Those differences could not give rise to any doubt at all concerning
whether the exhibits Dr Ong weighed were the same exhibits that had been
weighed in the EMR.

49 Accordingly, I hold that the Prosecution has proved the chain of custody of
the Relevant Drugs beyond a reasonable doubt.

Whether Yogesswaran has rebutted the presumption of knowledge

50 Yogesswaran submits that he has successfully rebutted the presumption of
knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA by proving on a balance of probabilities
that he did not know the Relevant Drugs were diamorphine. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

1ACS at paras 89–94 and 115–125.

In this regard, Yogesswaran testified that he believed the representations
made by one “Nithiya” (the person who had instructed him to deliver the
Relevant Bundles to Teo on 14 January 2020) to the effect that the Relevant
Bundles contained drugs that would attract a “light sentence” or cigarettes.
93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 10 lines 25–31; 1ACS at para 116.

Yogesswaran claims that he did not know what was in the Relevant Bundles, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 22 lines 22–27.

and did not ask “Nithiya” about it because “[he] would still be receiving the
same amount of money regardless whether it was cigarettes or drugs”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 41 lines 11–17.

Yogesswaran also testified that “Nithiya”, whose full name Yogesswaran could
not recall, was Yogesswaran’s cousin whom Yogesswaran had known for over 20
years. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 5 lines 22–27.

Yogesswaran claims that he shared a close relationship with “Nithiya” who was
“like an elder brother” to Yogesswaran, and Yogesswaran thus trusted him
wholly. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 6 lines 8–20; 1ACS at para 93.

51 Yogesswaran also contends that his accounts of what he believed the
Relevant Bundles contained: (a) in his statements; (b) during the psychiatric
evaluation by Dr Jason Lee Kim Huat (“Dr Lee”); and (c) during the trial, were
largely consistent. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

1ACS at paras 123.

Among other things, Yogesswaran had never admitted to knowing that the
Relevant Bundles contained diamorphine. Yogesswaran had also informed Dr Lee
that both “Nithiya” and one “Gajenderan” (another cousin of Yogesswaran’s) 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 25 lines 21–22.

had told him that if he was caught, he would only get punished with a “light
sentence”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

1ACS at paras 94 and 116–123; 1ARS at paras 8–12.

Finally, Yogesswaran argues that his failure to mention the Knowledge Defence
in any of his statements is attributable to his lack of familiarity with the
criminal process and his inability to appreciate the level of detail he was
required to provide in his statements. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

1ACS at para 103; 1ARS at para 15.

In any event, the Prosecution’s case that the Knowledge Defence was an
afterthought was not put to Yogesswaran. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

1ARS at para 10.

52 On the other hand, the Prosecution makes the following arguments in
contending that Yogesswaran has not rebutted the presumption of knowledge:

(a) Yogesswaran is not a credible witness in view of the inconsistent accounts
he provided of his knowledge of the Relevant Bundles during his cross-
examination and in his statements. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

PCS at paras 81–86.

Furthermore, Yogesswaran has not satisfactorily explained why he did not
mention the Knowledge Defence in any of his statements, and the Knowledge
Defence is more likely to be an afterthought. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PCS at paras 86–97.

(b) Yogesswaran’s alleged belief that the Relevant Bundles contained either
drugs that carried a light sentence or cigarettes was based entirely on what
“Nithiya” had allegedly told him. However, the evidence suggests that
Yogesswaran did not trust “Nithiya”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PCS at paras 98–99.

(c) The Knowledge Defence cannot rebut the presumption of knowledge on a
balance of probabilities as it is internally incoherent and is contradicted by
Yogesswaran’s statements and his evidence on the stand.

(i) First, it would not make economic sense for Yogesswaran to be paid RM300
per bundle for delivering two bundles containing eight to ten packets of
cigarettes each, with each packet of cigarettes being worth about RM30 to RM60
each. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

PCS at paras 100–101.

(ii) Second, during a separate delivery for “Nithiya”, Yogesswaran had
allegedly collected from customers around S$6,000 to S$7,000 for two bundles,
and around $2,500 to $2,600 in either Malaysian Ringgit or Singapore Dollars
for one bundle. It is unbelievable that bundles of cigarettes would cost that
much.

(iii) Third, Yogesswaran claimed in his long statements that he was asked to
step on one of the three bundles he brought into Singapore on 14 January 2020,
so that it could fit into the right-side panel of the Motorcycle. However, if
the bundle contained pills or cigarettes (as Yogesswaran claimed to believe),
they would be damaged if they were stepped on. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PCS at para 102.

(iv) Fourth, although Yogesswaran claimed that he was unwillingly badgered
into helping “Nithiya”, he stated in his long statements that he was happy to
help “Nithiya” with the deliveries to alleviate his dire financial situation.
108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PCS at para 103.

Analysis

53 As stated by the Court of Appeal in Gobi a/l Avedian v Public Prosecutor
[2021] 1 SLR 180 (“Gobi”) at [57], to rebut the presumption of knowledge under
s 18(2) of the MDA, an accused person must prove, on a balance of
probabilities, that he did not know the nature of the drug in his possession.
The Court of Appeal distilled the following principles from the established
case law (at [57]):

(a) As a matter of common sense and practical application, an accused person
who seeks to rebut the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA
should be able to say what he thought or believed he was carrying, and a claim
that he simply did not know what he was carrying would not usually suffice.

(b) While the inquiry into the accused person’s state of mind or knowledge is
a subjective inquiry, the court will assess the veracity of the accused
person’s assertion as to his subjective state of mind against the objective
facts and examine his actions and conduct relating to the transported item in
question in that light in assessing the credibility of his assertion. Relevant
considerations might include: (i) the physical nature, value and quantity of
the item; (ii) any reward that was to be paid for transporting it; and (iii)
any amount that was to be collected upon delivering it.

(c) Where an accused person’s defence is patently and inherently incredible,
no evidential burden will be imposed on the Prosecution to rebut. That being
said, in assessing the evidence, the court should bear in mind the inherent
difficulties of proving a negative, and the burden on the accused person
should not be so onerous that it becomes virtually impossible to discharge.

54 The two broad categories of cases in which accused persons have
successfully rebutted the presumption of knowledge in s 18(2) of the MDA are:
(a) where the accused person is able to prove that he believed he was carrying
something innocuous, even if he is unable to specify exactly what that was;
and (b) where the accused person is able to prove that he believed he was in
possession of some contraband item or drug other than the specific drug in his
possession (Gobi at [59]). Ultimately, the presumption of knowledge will be
rebutted where the court accepts that the accused person formed a positive
belief that was incompatible with knowledge that the thing he was carrying was
the specific drug in his possession (Gobi at [60]).

55 Furthermore, an accused person who is indifferent to what he is carrying
cannot be said to believe that the nature of the thing in his possession is
something other than or incompatible with the specific drug he is in
possession of, because an indifferent accused person is simply nonchalant
about what the thing in his possession is, and therefore cannot be said to
have formed any view as to what it is or is not (Gobi at [65] and [69]). An
accused person who is in a position to verify or ascertain the nature of what
he is carrying may be described as being indifferent to the nature of what he
is carrying if he knows that the thing he is carrying is a contraband item,
but does not care to find out what that contraband item is or is not (Gobi at
[67(b)]).

56 The essence of Yogesswaran’s Knowledge Defence is that he thought the
Relevant Bundles contained either drugs that attracted a “light sentence” or
cigarettes as that was what “Nithiya” told him. However, it would rarely, if
ever, be sufficient for an accused person to rebut the presumption of
knowledge by stating simply that he believed whatever he was told in relation
to what was in his possession. Where such a claim is made, the court must
consider whether it believes that bare claim, having regard to the entire
factual matrix and context, including the relationship between the parties and
all the surrounding circumstances (Mohamed Shalleh bin Abdul Latiff v Public
Prosecutor [2022] 2 SLR 79 at [32]). In this regard, Yogesswaran’s testimony
at the trial – that he in fact believed that the Relevant Bundles contained
drugs carrying a lighter penalty (such as “disco pills”) or cigarettes 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 7 line 22 to page 8 lines 2 and page 44 lines
22–25. See also AB at pages 444–445 (para 278).

– does not cohere with various aspects of his evidence. It is also
inconsistent with what was recorded in Yogesswaran’s Contemporaneous Statement
and his long statements.

The amount Yogesswaran was paid for delivering the Relevant Bundles

57 According to Yogesswaran, the delivery of the Relevant Bundles on 14
January 2020 was the third delivery he was making for “Nithiya”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 10 lines 27–31; AB at pages 444–445 (paras
277–278).

On the stand, Yogesswaran testified that “Nithiya” had informed him that he
would be paid RM400 to RM500 for each bundle he brought into Singapore
(regardless of the contents of the bundle), but he was only paid RM300 per
bundle for the first two deliveries he made for “Nithiya”. He therefore
estimated that he would be paid around RM1000 for delivering three bundles on
his third delivery on the basis that he would be paid between RM300 and RM400
per bundle. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 36 lines 4–22.

58 Yogesswaran also testified that on the second delivery he made for
“Nithiya”, there could have been about eight to ten packets of cigarettes in
each bundle. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 37 lines 9–27.

In other words, on Yogesswaran’s evidence, he would have been paid between
RM300 and RM400 to deliver eight to ten packets of cigarettes. It should have
been obvious to Yogesswaran that what “Nithiya” had asked him to deliver could
not have been cigarettes – it would not have made economic sense for “Nithiya”
to pay Yogesswaran up to RM400 to deliver mere cigarettes, an amount that
would most likely exceed any profit “Nithya” could have earned from selling
eight to ten packets of cigarettes.

59 In short, the amount Yogesswaran was paid to deliver each of the Relevant
Bundles, whether it was RM300, RM400 or RM500, would not support a positive
belief that he was carrying lower value items such as cigarettes, or even
“disco pills”, as opposed to diamorphine.

The amount Yogesswaran collected from third parties

60 Yogesswaran’s evidence is that during his second delivery for “Nithiya”, he
had collected between S$6,000 and S$7,000 from a Chinese male to whom he
delivered two bundles. A Malay male to whom he delivered another bundle had
also passed him an envelope telling him that there was either 2,500 or 2,600
dollars inside (without specifying the currency). 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

AB at pages 416–417 (paras 159–165); NE, 14 November 2022, page 39 line 23 to
page 40 line 4.

61 In Ramesh a/l Perumal v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR
1003, the accused person claimed to have believed he was delivering betel nuts
(when he was in fact delivering diamorphine). The Court of Appeal observed at
[43] that having collected a sum of S$2,300 for a previous delivery, the
accused person should have known that what he had previously delivered and was
again delivering could not have been betel nuts given the large sum of money
involved. In a similar vein, the amount that Yogesswaran collected for each
bundle he had delivered previously (ie, up to S$3,500 per bundle) should have
alerted him to the seriousness of what he was being asked to deliver. That
diminishes the credibility of his assertion that he believed that the Relevant
Bundles contained cigarettes or drugs attracting a lower sentence as distinct
from drugs generally.

Yogesswaran being asked to step on the Relevant Bundles

62 Yogesswaran’s evidence concerning how the Relevant Bundles were stored in
the Motorcycle also contradicts the Knowledge Defence. In one of his long
statements, Yogesswaran stated that in order to fit the Relevant Bundles into
a compartment in the right-side panel of the Motorcycle, “Nithiya” had
instructed Yogesswaran to “step on” one of the three bundles Yogesswaran was
asked to bring into Singapore. Stepping on a bundle containing packets of
cigarettes or pills (whether packed in strips or otherwise) would, even if
they were wrapped in some form of protective cover, risk damaging the
contents. “Nithiya’s” instructions for Yogesswaran to step on the Relevant
Bundles would have made it abundantly clear to Yogesswaran that the Relevant
Bundles did not contain cigarettes or pills, contrary to what “Nithiya” had
allegedly told Yogesswaran.

The statements recorded from Yogesswaran

63 Yogesswaran’s account of what he believed the Relevant Bundles contained in
the various statements recorded from him during the investigations by the CNB
is also inconsistent with the Knowledge Defence.

64 Yogesswaran’s Contemporaneous Statement recorded that when asked to explain
what he had retrieved from the Motorcycle’s side panels, Yogesswaran stated in
Malay: “Aku pon tak tahu, cume aku tahu tu barang salah.” This has been
translated as: “I also don’t know. I only know those are illegal stuffs.” 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

P47 at Q6 and A6. See also P187.

Yogesswaran was subsequently asked again whether he knew what the Relevant
Bundles were, to which he replied in Malay: “Tak tahu, tapi tu semua barang
salah”. This has been translated as “I don’t know, but all those are illegal
stuffs.” 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

P47 at Q21 and A21. See also P187.

65 Yogesswaran did not say that he believed that the Relevant Bundles
contained a particular sub-set of illegal things, such as drugs carrying a
light sentence or cigarettes, as he now alleges. At the time Yogesswaran’s
Contemporaneous Statement was recorded, the Mandatory Death Penalty
Notification (the “MDP Notification”) had been read to him. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 46 lines 14–17. See also P47 (para 9).

Yogesswaran accepted on the stand that based on the MDP Notification, he would
have known that he was being accused of an offence that carried the death
penalty or a sentence of life imprisonment. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE, 14 Noember 2022, page 46 lines 18–21.

If the Knowledge Defence were true and he had truly believed that he was
carrying cigarettes or some different kind of drugs that would attract a
lighter penalty, one would expect him to have said so immediately. It would
have been natural for Yogesswaran to express surprise or shock that the
contents of the Relevant Bundles were something different from what he
believed them to be, especially upon being informed that he could potentially
face the death penalty.

66 It is also significant that Yogesswaran failed to mention the Knowledge
Defence in his cautioned statements and/or his long statements.

(a) Yogesswaran had been warned pursuant to s 23(1) of the CPC that the court
may be less likely to believe any fact or matter in his defence raised at the
trial which was not disclosed in his cautioned statement(s). Yet, in both of
his cautioned statements recorded on 15 January 2020, 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

AB at pages 364 and 368.

Yogesswaran simply admitted to committing the offence without mentioning that
he did not know the Relevant Bundles contained diamorphine, or that he
believed they contained cigarettes or drugs that attracted a light sentence.

(b) In his third long statement recorded on 18 January 2020, Yogesswaran only
said that prior to the first delivery Yogesswaran performed for “Nithiya”,
“Nithiya” had asked him to bring “drugs” into Singapore in return for RM400 to
RM500 per bundle, 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

AB at page 389 (para 67).

and that “Nithiya” did not tell him what kind of drugs. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

AB at page 389 (para 68).

He did not, however, say that “Nithiya” had mentioned anything about
cigarettes.

(c) In his ninth long statement recorded on 20 January 2020, in relation to
the Relevant Bundles, Yogesswaran said that “Nithiya” did not tell him what
was inside the bundles and he did not ask “Nithiya” about it as he “would
still be receiving the same amount of money regardless [of] whether it was
cigarettes or drugs”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AB at page 429 (para 216).

In his tenth long statement recorded on 27 January 2020, Yogesswaran further
stated: “Even though I do not know if the bundles for the third delivery
contained drugs or cigarettes, I know that it was still an illegal item
because it could only either be drugs or cigarettes”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

AB at page 445 (para 278).

In his thirteenth long statement recorded on 24 September 2021, Yogesswaran
similarly stated that “Nithiya” had instructed him to “bring in the items that
were either drugs or cigarettes” but he did not know which it was. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

AB at page 511 (A6).

Again, Yogesswaran conspicuously failed to mention his stated defence at the
trial that he believed the Relevant Bundles contained either cigarettes or
drugs that attracted a light sentence.

67 Yogesswaran claims that he did not mention the Knowledge Defence in
Yogesswaran’s Contemporaneous Statement as he was not explicitly asked what
the Relevant Bundles contained. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

1ACS at paras 106; NE, 14 November 2022, page 47 lines 5–26.

I reject this explanation. During the recording of Yogesswaran’s
Contemporaneous Statement, he was asked twice what was inside the Relevant
Bundles to which his response was simply that he did not know, save that it
was “illegal stuffs” (see above at [64]). He was also asked at the end if
there was anything else he wanted to tell the CNB, 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

P47 at Q27 and A27.

but chose not to disclose the Knowledge Defence.

68 Yogesswaran’s excuse for not disclosing the Knowledge Defence in his
cautioned statements was that he was instructed by ASP Yang to “say what [he]
wanted to tell the Judge”, and that more details could be provided in his long
statements. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 48 lines 28–31.

Leaving aside whether ASP Yang had in fact given such instructions to
Yogesswaran, Yogesswaran also failed to raise the Knowledge Defence in his
long statements. In this regard, Yogesswaran testified that he had used the
words “light sentence” and “party drugs” during the recording of his long
statements, which were not recorded. However, Yogesswaran accepted that the
long statements were read back to him. He claims that he did not raise any
objections to either ASP Yang or the interpreter, Mdm Vijaya, because he was
not concentrating. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 16 lines 10–30.

69 I find Yogesswaran’s explanation difficult to accept. Having been warned
that the court may be less likely to believe any fact or matter that he does
not disclose in his cautioned statements, it is unbelievable that Yogesswaran
would have been so distracted that he did not realise something as important
as the Knowledge Defence was not recorded in his long statements. Instead, if
the Knowledge Defence were true, one would reasonably expect Yogesswaran to
have insisted on it being recorded in his long statements, especially after
allegedly being informed by ASP Yang that he could provide more details in his
long statements that were not captured in his cautioned statement. In the
circumstances, the inference to be drawn is that the Knowledge Defence is an
afterthought and untrue.

What Yogesswaran said during his medical examination

70 Yogesswaran was examined by Dr Lee of the Institute of Mental Health
(“IMH”) for the purposes of a psychiatric evaluation on 3, 5 and 6 February
2020. In Dr Lee’s report dated 17 February 2020, he recorded that Yogesswaran
“was not told what was in the [Relevant Bundles]” and “did not ask [“Nithiya”]
about it” as Yogesswaran “never think want to ask anything”. Dr Lee’s personal
notes also reflected that during the interview conducted on 5 February 2020,
128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Exhibit 1D-2B.

Yogesswaran informed Dr Lee that in relation to Yogesswaran’s first delivery
for “Nithiya”, both “Nithiya” and “Gajenderan” had reassured Yogesswaran that
if Yogesswaran were caught, the drugs that Yogesswaran was tasked with
bringing into Singapore would only warrant a light sentence. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE, 5 October 2022, page 17 lines 9–11.

71 It should be noted that this interview which took place on 5 February 2020
occurred after Yogesswaran’s Contemporaneous Statement and his cautioned
statements were recorded. The inference drawn from Yogesswaran’s failure to
mention the Knowledge Defence in Yogesswaran’s Contemporaneous Statement and
his cautioned statements – that the Knowledge Defence is an afterthought –
would apply equally to whatever Yogesswaran had said to Dr Lee during the
interview (see above at [69]). In any event, this does not resolve the other
major inconsistencies between the Knowledge Defence and the rest of
Yogesswaran’s evidence, such as Yogesswaran being asked to step on one of the
three bundles and the amount Yogesswaran was paid to deliver the bundles.

Relationship between Yogesswaran and “Nithiya”

72 Finally, I deal briefly with Yogesswaran’s evidence on his relationship
with “Nithiya”. Yogesswaran testified that he trusted “Nithiya” wholly as if
“Nithiya” were his elder brother. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 6 lines 18–20.

Yogesswaran claims that he believed “Nithiya” when the latter told him that
the Relevant Bundles contained drugs that would attract a low sentence if he
was caught. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 11 line 28 to page 12 line 3; 1ACS at para 93.

73 Yogesswaran’s evidence in this regard is contradicted by his evidence in
his statements and at the trial. In his fourth long statement recorded on 18
January 2020, Yogesswaran stated that while he “felt that [“Nithiya”] would
tell [him] the truth” about whether “Gajenderan” was arrested after performing
a delivery for “Nithiya”, he “also did not believe [“Nithiya”] totally”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

AB at page 394 (para 83).

Yogesswaran elaborated on this during his cross-examination: 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NE, 14 November 2022, page 53 lines 15–23.

Q I put it to you that you knew that it was diamorphine and that is why you
have consistently stated that you were always afraid that you would get
caught.

A I disagree.

Q And turn to page 392 of the agreed bundle, paragraph 80. I suggest it is
because of this significant risk that you wanted to make sure that Gajendran
was not arrested after his first job because you wanted to weigh the
likelihood of yourself getting arrested.

A I’m---I understood there was a risk and that is why I called Gajendran. I
had a slight doubt on Nithiya.

74 It is clear from the portion quoted in the preceding paragraph that
Yogesswaran did not repose absolute trust in “Nithiya”. On the contrary,
Yogesswaran harboured some doubts as to “Nithiya’s” representations about the
risks involved in bringing the Relevant Bundles into Singapore. Seen in this
light, I am unable to accept Yogesswaran’s claim that he wholly believed
“Nithiya” if and when the latter told him the Relevant Bundles contained
cigarettes or drugs that attracted a light sentence.

Conclusion on the Knowledge Defence

75 For the foregoing reasons, I find that Yogesswaran has not established on a
balance of probabilities the Knowledge Defence – he has not proved that he had
a positive belief that was incompatible with knowledge that the Relevant
Bundles contained diamorphine. Accordingly, he has failed to rebut the
presumption of knowledge in s 18(2) of the MDA.

76 I should add that even if I accept Yogesswaran’s expression in
Yogesswaran’s Contemporaneous Statement of what he believed the Relevant
Bundles contained (ie, that he did not know what was in the Relevant Bundles
save that it was something illegal (see [64] above)), that would match
squarely the indifference described in Gobi at [67(b)], namely, that he knew
he was carrying contraband items but did not care to find out what
specifically they were. That Yogesswaran was indifferent as to the contents of
the Relevant Bundles is reinforced by his explanation in his ninth long
statement that he did not ask “Nithiya” what was in the Relevant Bundles since
he would be paid the same amount to deliver the bundles regardless of what the
bundles contained (see [66(c)] above). For the reasons stated at [55] above,
such indifference would not rebut the presumption of knowledge.

Whether Teo has rebutted the presumption of trafficking

77 In arguing that the Relevant Drugs were meant for his own consumption, Teo
seeks to disavow his own evidence in his first long statement recorded on 19
January 2020 (“Teo’s First Long Statement”) 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AB at page 272 (para 6).

– that he would repack a bundle of 450g of “Bai fen” (a street name for
diamorphine) into 60 small packets, retain ten packets for his own consumption
and sell 50 packets. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

2ACS at paras 32 and 34.

Instead, Teo highlights his oral testimony that he would typically divide a
bundle of “Bai fen” with a “customary weight” of 450g into 60 packets weighing
about 7.5g each and consume about one to two packets a day (ie, an average of
1.5 packets of “Bai fen” per day). On this basis, Teo contends that he would
consume at least 21 packets of “Bai fen” in two weeks, and that the evidence
in Teo’s First Long Statement – that he only intended to retain 10 packets of
“Bai fen” for his own consumption – cannot be correct. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

2ACS at para 33.

In this regard, Teo further argues that the court should not embark on an
exercise of apportionment in relation to the Relevant Drugs on the basis of
the evidence in Teo’s First Long Statement, as it would be superficial and
conjectural to do so. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

2ACS at paras 67–69.

78 Teo submits that if the respective weights of the Relevant Drugs were taken
into account, “C1A1” which weighed 413.8g would have been repacked into 60
small packets weighing 6.8g each, whereas “C1B1” which weighed 423.3g would
have been repacked into 60 packets weighing 7.05g each. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

2ACS at para 34.

In this respect, Teo highlights his oral evidence that: (a) he consumed an
average of two packets per day; (b) he was prone to consuming more than 10g of
heroin per day; and (c) he would consume more if he did not feel the “effect”
or “kick” of the drugs. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE, 28 November 2022, page 9 lines 10–13.

Presumably on the basis that he consumed two small packets per day, Teo
contends that his consumption rate would be 12–14g of “Bai fen” per day. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

2ACS at paras 38–40.

Teo also contends that he ordered diamorphine once every two weeks. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

2ACS at para 45.

However, Teo did not provide any calculations demonstrating the amount of the
Relevant Drugs that he intended to retain for his own consumption and
correspondingly, the amount of the Relevant Drugs which he intended to sell.

79 Teo also points to the absence of any evidence of his intended customers
and the failure of the CNB officers to question Teo on his customers. Teo
submits that the absence of such evidence renders his admissions in his
statements that he intended to sell the Relevant Drugs unreliable. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

2ACS at paras 57–65.

80 The Prosecution makes the following submissions in relation to Teo’s
Consumption Defence:

(a) The Consumption Defence is an afterthought and is untrue. The Consumption
Defence was raised for the first time at the trial and is conspicuously absent
from all of the statements recorded from Teo by the CNB officers. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

PCS at paras 112–116.

(b) Teo has not provided credible and reliable evidence of his rate of
consumption which is necessary to establish the Consumption Defence. Prior to
the trial, Teo provided various inconsistent rates of heroin ranging between
2.66g and 6g of heroin per day. However, during the trial, Teo’s alleged rate
of consumption was significantly inflated to 14g to 16g of heroin per day.
Moreover, the inflated consumption rate which Teo advanced at the trial is
contradicted by external evidence, such as his lack of withdrawal symptoms
when he was being observed at the Complex Medical Centre (“CMC”). 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

PCS at paras 119–125.

(c) The amount of diamorphine in Teo’s possession contradicts the Consumption
Defence. Teo had a reliable and consistent supply of drugs and did not have
any reason to order such a large quantity of diamorphine if the sole purpose
of the drugs was for his own consumption. Moreover, it is inconceivable that
Teo intended to consume such a large quantity of diamorphine. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

PCS at paras 126–132.

(d) Teo did not have the financial means to purchase the Relevant Drugs solely
for his own consumption. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

PCS at paras 133–139.

(e) Teo repeatedly admitted to intending to traffic in the Relevant Drugs. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PCS at paras 140–149.

Analysis

81 Where the presumption of trafficking in s 17(c) of the MDA is engaged, the
burden lies on the accused person to prove on a balance of probabilities that
the diamorphine in his possession was not for the purpose of trafficking
(Jusri bin Mohamed Hussain v Public Prosecutor [1996] 2 SLR(R) 706 (“Jusri”)
at [31]). Where an accused person relies on the defence of consumption to
rebut the presumption of trafficking, and the drugs have not been re-packed or
apportioned in any particular manner to differentiate those intended to be
sold from those intended to be consumed, the court has to look at the totality
of the circumstances to determine whether the accused has rebutted the
presumption in s 17(c) of the MDA (Muhammad bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor
and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 427 (“Muhammad bin Abdullah”) at [29]).

82 Relevant factors in this inquiry include: (a) whether there is credible
evidence of the accused person’s rate of drug consumption and the number of
days the supply is meant for; (b) the frequency of supply of the drugs; (c)
whether the accused person had the financial means to purchase the drugs for
himself; and (d) whether the accused person had made a contrary admission in
any of his statements that the whole quantity of the drugs in his possession
was for sale (A Steven s/o Paul Raj v Public Prosecutor [2022] 2 SLR 538 (“A
Steven”) at [24], referring to Muhammad bin Abdullah at [30]–[31]). However,
the key pillar and essential foundation of the consumption defence remains the
accused person’s rate of consumption of the relevant drug, and the accused
person bears the burden of establishing the extent of his personal consumption
through credible evidence (A Steven at [25]).

83 Notably, Teo’s case appears to be that both “C1A1” and “C1B1” (ie, the
entirety of the Relevant Drugs) were meant for his own consumption. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

2ACS at para 24; NE, 28 November 2022, page 10 lines 11–13.

The Court of Appeal in A Steven noted at [1] that where an accused person’s
only defence was that the drugs in his possession were meant solely for his
own consumption (as opposed to being partly for sale and partly for self-
consumption), it is essential for the accused person to establish that the
entire amount of the drugs was intended for his own consumption.

84 At the same time, Teo claims that he only intended to order one bundle of
“Bai fen” from one “Jaka” but received two bundles instead. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE, 28 November 2022, page 13 lines 18–20 and page 14 lines 21–27.

Teo submits that this is corroborated by: (a) the amount of money Teo had on
him (S$5,350) which was purportedly insufficient to pay for two bundles (which
would have cost S$5,600); as well as (b) Teo’s evidence in Teo’s First Long
Statement that he usually only ordered one bundle of “Bai fen” at a time. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

2ACS at paras 51–54; AB at pages 272–273 (paras 6–8).

Counsel for Teo submitted in oral closing that accordingly, Teo’s rate of
consumption should be measured against one bundle instead of two. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE, 30 March 2023, page 46 line 2 to page 47 line 10.

85 Teo’s testimony that he only ordered one bundle is directly contradicted
by: (a) Teo’s First Long Statement in which he stated that he had ordered two
bundles of diamorphine upon being informed by “Jaka” that the festive season
was approaching, and that “Jaka” would stop collecting orders and making
deliveries during the festive season; 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

AB at page 272 (para 7).

and (b) Teo’s first contemporaneous statement recorded on 14 January 2020 in
which he stated that he was supposed to collect two bundles of diamorphine.
153

##### Foot Note 153

×

AB at page 177 (Q5 and A5).

Nevertheless, I do note that if Teo’s evidence is believed, in assessing
whether Teo in fact intended to retain the Relevant Drugs for his own
consumption, the period of time over which his consumption would take place
would be, roughly speaking, doubled.

Teo’s consumption rate

86 The central difficulty with Teo’s Consumption Defence is that he has not
provided credible or consistent evidence of his rate of consumption of
diamorphine, which as noted above at [81], is the key pillar and essential
foundation of the consumption defence.

87 Teo’s evidence at the trial itself was internally inconsistent. He begun by
testifying that he smoked heroin twice a day which was portioned into sachets
weighing 7g to 8g each (ie, 14g to 16g of heroin per day). He claimed that the
amount of heroin he consumed per day varied depending on whether he had work
to attend to. When asked to provide an average daily consumption rate, he said
that he consumed “[a]t most” two sachets per day. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE, 28 November 2022, page 5 line 15 to page 6 line 15.

Subsequently, when he was asked during his evidence-in-chief whether his
consumption rate could be approximated as 15g of heroin per day, he caveated
this, testifying that his daily consumption rate of heroin should more
accurately be described as “[m]ore than 10 grams” because he might not consume
the entire sachet and would stop when he “felt [he] had already enjoyed”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE, 28 November 2022, page 8 line 24 to page 9 line 6.

It also merits noting that Teo’s oral evidence of his consumption rate was
vague – he claimed that he would consume heroin until he “felt that [he]
enjoyed it” or felt the “effect” or “kick” of the drugs. He submits that as a
result, he cannot identify a fixed or definitive amount of heroin that he
consumed daily. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

2ACS at paras 38–39; NE, 28 November 2022, page 5 lines 25–26, page 6 lines
8–9 and page 8 line 30 to page 9 line 13.

88 Significantly, Teo was admitted to the CMC from 16 to 18 January 2020 for a
drug withdrawal assessment. According to a report signed by Dr Sahaya Nathan
dated 5 March 2020 (the “CMC Report”), Teo told the attending doctor on 16
January 2020 that he consumed 5g to 6g of heroin daily over the past six
months (ie, July 2019 to January 2020). 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

AB at page 126.

Teo also accepted on the stand that this consumption rate had been accurately
recorded based on what he had told the attending doctor. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE, 28 November 2022, page 43 line 27 to page 44 line 9.

However, this consumption rate of 5g to 6g per day starkly differed from Teo’s
claimed daily consumption rate at the trial (of either more than 10g or 14g to
16g) which was about double the consumption rate recorded from Teo in the CMC
Report.

89 In Teo’s First Long Statement, Teo stated that he would typically repack
450g of “Bai fen” into 60 small packets weighing about 7.5g each, reserve ten
packets for his own consumption over two weeks and sell the remainder. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

AB at page 272 (para 6).

On this basis, Teo would consume 75g of heroin over two weeks, which would
correspond to a daily consumption rate of about 5.36g. Teo likewise confirmed
on the stand that Teo’s First Long Statement had been accurately recorded in
this respect. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE, 28 November 2022, page 46 lines 26–28.

90 Teo was also examined by Dr Derrick Yeo (“Dr Yeo”) of the IMH on five
occasions between 30 January 2019 and 6 February 2020. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

AB at page 130 (para 2).

In Dr Yeo’s personal notes for 15 February 2019, Teo was recorded as having
informed Dr Yeo that Teo consumed about half a packet of diamorphine weighing
about 7g to 8g per day (ie, 3.5g to 4g per day) or one packet of diamorphine
weighing about 7g to 8g over three days (ie, 2.33g to 2.66g per day). 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE, 26 October 2022, page 15 lines 5–20.

91 Teo’s claimed daily consumption rate of diamorphine at the trial (whether
it was more than 10g or 14g to 16g) was significantly higher than all of the
daily consumption rates he had previously provided during his interviews at
the CMC and the IMH, as well as that recorded in Teo’s First Long Statement.
Teo acknowledged that he had informed different individuals of different
consumption rates and that his claimed consumption rate at the trial was
significantly higher, 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE, 28 November 2022, page 47 lines 13–21.

but he could not offer any explanation for the discrepancies in his evidence.

92 In this regard, Teo submits that the court should prefer his evidence at
the trial instead of what he had said in Teo’s First Long Statement because if
he consumed one to two 7.5g packets of diamorphine per day (as he testified at
the trial), he would require around 21 packets every two weeks to sustain his
rate of consumption (and not merely ten packets as recorded in Teo’s First
Long Statement). 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

2ACS at para 33.

Counsel for Teo submitted in oral closing that it is uncontroversial that Teo
was addicted to diamorphine, and that the consumption rate recorded in Teo’s
First Long Statement was insufficient to sustain Teo’s addiction. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NE, 30 March 2023, page 43 lines 17 to 28.

This argument is devoid of merit.

93 In the first place, Teo has not provided any other evidence, let alone
established on a balance of probabilities, that he consumed more than 10g of
diamorphine per day (as he stated at the trial) or that he consumed 12g to 14g
of diamorphine per day (as he contended in written closing submissions). It
would be circular for him to rely on his own unsubstantiated testimony to
disprove what he said in Teo’s First Long Statement.

94 Furthermore, in a report prepared by Dr Yeo dated 26 February 2020, what
was recorded from Teo essentially echoes what Teo mentioned in Teo’s First
Long Statement: 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

AB at page 133 (para 12).

[Teo] reported that he could repackage a large bag of heroin into 60 smaller
packets of heroin using small plastic bags purchased from shops. He also
reported using an electronic weighing scale to ensure each small packet was
about 7.5g in weight consistently. He reported that by using a small
proportion of the heroin and selling the remainder to fellow addicts, he could
earn about $10,000 to $15,000 a month since being released on bail. …

This suggests that Teo’s contradiction at the trial of what he had said in
Teo’s First Long Statement concerning his rate of consumption was simply an
afterthought.

95 In any event, the CMC Report reflected that from 16 to 18 January 2020, Teo
did not complain of any drug withdrawal symptoms apart from his pupils being
“possibly larger than normal for room light” on the first day of his drug
withdrawal assessment. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

AB at pages 126 and 127.

Teo was also assessed as being negative for opioid drug withdrawal and the
conclusion reached in the CMC Report was that Teo’s rate of consumption of
opioid was likely to be low. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

AB at page 127.

All of this undermines Teo’s claim at the trial that he consumed over 10g of
diamorphine per day.

96 I find that Teo’s inflation of his claimed rate of consumption at the trial
was an attempt to make good his claim that the Relevant Drugs were solely for
his own consumption. That inflated consumption rate is unsupported by any
other evidence and implausible.

Teo’s financial means and contrary admissions

97 The evidence assessed as a whole also suggests that Teo lacked the
financial means to purchase the entirety of the Relevant Drugs for his own
consumption.

98 Teo testified that he purchased one bundle of diamorphine every month for
S$2,800. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE, 28 November 2022, page 22, lines 6–17.

Coupled with his monthly rental expenditure of S$1,000, 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE, 29 November 2022, page 7 line 29 to page 9 line 5.

Teo would require at least S$3,800 per month to sustain his claimed
consumption rate on top of other living expenses. Teo testified that he was
engaged in illegal gambling activities as a “supervisor” to finance his
diamorphine consumption. Teo claimed that the amount he derived from this
activity was not fixed but he earned at least S$3,000 and as much as S$10,000
per month. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE, 28 November 2022, page 56 line 8 to page 57 line 25; NE, 29 November 2022,
page 58 lines 17–24.

It bears noting that this aspect of Teo’s evidence was raised for the first
time at the trial.

99 Even if it were accepted that Teo earned S$3,000 per month from these
alleged gambling activities, that would not be sufficient to cover his
purported monthly expenditure of at least S$3,800. Teo has also not provided
any evidence to substantiate his assertion that he earned as much as S$10,000
per month from his illegal gambling activities. Although Teo did mention in
Teo’s First Long Statement that he had been involved in gambling activities
after shutting down his gambling den in 1985, 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

AB at page 271 (para 2).

he did not mention anything about being engaged in illegal gambling activities
at the time of his arrest.

100 I find that Teo has not shown how he could afford his claimed rate of drug
consumption in addition to his living expenses, other than through the sale of
drugs. In fact, in Teo’s First Long Statement, Teo had explained that he paid
the rental for his accommodation “using the proceeds from selling drug”, and
had described in some detail how he makes these sales and how much profit he
earns. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

AB at pages 270 (para 1) and 272 (para 6).

He even described in his second long statement recorded on 20 January 2020 how
certain small packets found at his accommodation had been repacked from a
previous delivery of “Bai Fen”, with each packet containing about 7.5g and
being for sale at S$100 each. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

AB at page 278 (para 28).

Although Teo subsequently testified that he did not use the proceeds from
selling drugs to pay for his rental, he could not explain why he had said so
in Teo’s First Long Statement other than to say that the CNB officer recording
the statement may have misunderstood him and that he did not know that he
could make amendments to the statement. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NE, 29 November 2022, page 8 line 11 to page 9 line 3.

101 That Teo lacked the financial means to retain the Relevant Drugs solely
for his own consumption is reinforced by his multiple admissions that he
needed money to support himself and his family, which he intended to obtain by
selling the Relevant Drugs. In his cautioned statement recorded on 15 January
2020, Teo stated:

… I am involved in drug trafficking this time for the same reason as last
time. My wife is sick and was operated on for 5 times within 3 years. The
medical fee is high and my son is unable to help with the situation. That was
why I trafficked drug last time. Now it is the same problem again. I tried not
to do this but life is really hard and the Chinese New Year is around the
corner. I need the money. I have no other way.

102 When questioned why he continued to sell drugs after being released on
bail for a separate offence, Teo stated in his third long statement recorded
on 20 January 2020: “… I am already 74 years old. I can’t work anymore.
However, I still need to survive. I have no other way but [to] continue to
sell ‘Bai fen’.” 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

AB at page 284 (para 47).

Similarly, during his examination at the IMH, Teo had informed Dr Yeo that he
would earn a profit of about S$10,000 to S$15,000 a month by selling heroin.
Teo stated that he had spent the money he earned on himself, his son and his
granddaughter and thus had little savings. He also admitted that he could not
find any job that could sustain him financially and that he had taken a
calculated risk to sell illicit drugs. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

AB at page 132 (para 12).

103 It is clear from the above that Teo did not have the financial means to
purchase the Relevant Drugs entirely for his own consumption. It is more
likely, as he mentioned in his statements and his interview with Dr Yeo, that
he intended to sell the Relevant Drugs to meet his financial needs.

104 Teo's intention to sell the Relevant Drugs is in fact evidenced by what he
said in his first contemporaneous statement recorded by SSgt Eric on 14
January 2020: 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

AB at pages 177–179 (Q5 and A5, Q24 and A24).

Q5. How much ‘baifen’ you supposed to collect?

A5. 02 bundles

…

Q24. Pertaining to A5, what do you intend to do with it?

A24. To pack into smaller packets and sell at SGD80 to SGD90.

Q25. Who do you intend to sell the ‘baifen’ to?

A25. I wait for people to call me.

105 In this regard, SSgt Eric explained on the stand that “A5” in Question 24
was a reference to what he had asked Teo at Question 5, which was in turn a
reference to the Relevant Drugs in the Relevant Bundles Teo collected. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NE, 18 October 2022, page 35 line 17 to page 36 line 12.

Teo’s evidence, on the other hand, is that in Answer 24, he was “referring to
the time in 2019 [when] he was selling at that price”, and not the Relevant
Bundles containing the Relevant Drugs. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NE, 29 November 2022, page 56 lines 28–32; see also NE, 18 October 2022, page
93 lines 1–18.

I reject Teo’s argument. When Teo’s argument was put to SSgt Eric on the
stand, SSgt Eric’s evidence was that when he posed Question 24 to Teo, he had
brought Teo back to Teo’s response at Answer 5. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NE, 18 October 2022, page 93 line 1 to page 94 line 10.

There was also no mention in that statement of any incident occurring in 2019,
and Teo has not provided any explanation for believing that SSgt Eric was
referring to any other bundle of drugs besides the Relevant Bundles containing
the Relevant Drugs. It would have been abundantly clear to Teo that SSgt Eric
was questioning him about the Relevant Bundles containing the Relevant Drugs,
and not about what Teo intended to do in 2019.

106 Teo stresses that despite the CNB seizing Teo’s mobile phone, no evidence
was produced of Teo’s intended customers. Teo argues the reason why he was not
questioned on his list of customers by the CNB officers is that such evidence
was completely absent. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

2ACS at para 57–59.

However, the absence of such evidence does not assist Teo in discharging his
burden of rebutting the presumption of trafficking. The burden ultimately lies
on Teo to prove that he did not intend to sell the Relevant Drugs; the
Prosecution’s inability to establish to whom the Relevant Drugs were intended
to be sold does not absolve Teo of that burden.

The amount of the Relevant Drugs

107 Teo mentioned in Teo’s First Long Statement that he would order 450g of
heroin from one “Jaka” every two weeks, 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

AB at page 272 (para 6).

and confirmed the same in written submissions. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

2ACS at para 45.

As noted above at [84], if Teo were believed that he only intended to order
one bundle but two bundles arrived, the period of time over which his
consumption would take place would be doubled (ie, 28 days).

108 Taking Teo’s case at its highest and assuming that he consumed up to 16g
of diamorphine a day, it would still take him about 52 days to consume the
Relevant Drugs which comprised a total of 837g. I do not accept that Teo
intended to consume in 28 days an amount of diamorphine that, even using a
significantly inflated consumption rate of 16g per day, would take him 52 days
to consume.

Possession of drug trafficking paraphernalia

109 The possession of paraphernalia normally used in drug trafficking, whose
utility is obviously for the preparation of drugs for sale, is relevant as
circumstantial evidence of drug trafficking activities by the accused person
(Sharom bin Ahmad and another v Public Prosecutor [2000] 2 SLR(R) 541 at
[36]). Such drug trafficking paraphernalia includes digital weighing scales
and empty plastic sachets (A Steven at [38]). Also found at Teo’s Unit were a
digital weighing scale and numerous zip lock packets used for repacking the
diamorphine (see [10] above). Teo admitted in his second long statement that
all of those items belonged to him and were used by him. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

AB at page 278 (para 31).

The presence of such paraphernalia in Teo’s possession further undermines his
Consumption Defence.

Conclusion on Teo’s Consumption Defence

110 As noted above at [83], having chosen to pursue a defence of total
consumption, Teo bears the burden of proving that the entirety of the Relevant
Drugs was intended for his own consumption. However, Teo has failed to furnish
credible or consistent evidence of his claimed consumption rate which is
integral to his Consumption Defence. Teo’s Consumption Defence is further
undermined by: (a) his lack of financial means to support his claimed rate of
consumption; (b) his admissions that he intended to sell the Relevant Drugs;
(c) the amount of the Relevant Drugs in Teo’s possession; and (d) his
possession of paraphernalia normally used in drug trafficking. I therefore
find that Teo has failed to establish his Consumption Defence.

Conclusion

111 For the reasons stated above, I convict Yogesswaran on the charge against
him set out at [2] above, and convict Teo on the charge against him set out at
[3] above. I will now hear them on sentencing.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Nicholas Wuan Kin Lek, Jaime Pang, Lim Woon Yee and J Jayaletchmi (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Kalidass s/o Murugaiyan, Ashvin Hariharan and Prakash Otharam (Kalidass Law
Corporation) for the first accused;

Nandwani Manoj Prakash (Gabriel Law Corporation) and Krishna Ramakrishna
Sharma (Fleet Street Law LLC) for the second accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Jun 2023 (17:50 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

