Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2023] SGHCF 9

District Court Appeal No 42 of 2022

Between

VOW  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

VOV  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law — Matrimonial assets]

[Family Law — Maintenance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VOW

  
v

  

VOV

[2023] SGHCF 9

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 42 of 2022  
Teh Hwee Hwee JC  
9 November, 8 December 2022, 20 January 2023

3 March 2023 Judgment reserved.

Teh Hwee Hwee JC:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the learned District Judge (“DJ”)
in FC/D 580/2020. The appeal concerns the issue of division of matrimonial
assets and maintenance for the two children from the marriage.

Background

2 The appellant wife (the “Wife”) and the respondent husband (the “Husband”)
were married on 3 June 2006 in Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) Vol 2 at p 10.

The Wife was 39 years old when the Statement of Claim for Divorce was filed in
2020; the Husband was 42 years old. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA Vol 2 at p 10.

The Husband was a French citizen and a Singapore permanent resident while the
Wife was a Singapore citizen. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

VOV v VOW [2021] SGFC 10 at [3].

Shortly after they were married, the Wife left her previous job as an air
stewardess 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Appellant’s Case (“AC”) at para 59; Respondent’s Case (“RC”) at p 38.

and the parties moved to Australia in August 2006 for the Husband’s work as a
consultant. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

RC at para 48 and p 38.

In Australia, the Wife managed to find work at a call centre. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AC at para 59; RC at p 38.

Slightly over a year later, in November 2007, the parties relocated back to
Singapore when the Husband found work as a project manager in Singapore. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

RC at para 48 and p 38.

Upon the return to Singapore, the Wife did not work, and instead pursued a
degree in Banking and Finance with the University of London, which the Husband
asserts was funded by him. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROA Vol 3A at p 103.

The Wife returned to the workplace around August 2010 and has been in
continuous employment since. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROA Vol 3C at pp 35–39.

Both parties have done well professionally. As of 2020, the Husband held a
senior position in a company as a solution architect 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROA Vol 3A at p 161; ROA Vol 3H at pp 67 and 554; RC at pp 46–47.

while the Wife was a sales consultant in an insurance brokerage company. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROA Vol 3A at p 5.

Taking into consideration each party’s Notice of Assessment for 2019, 2020 and
2021, the Husband’s average monthly salary was $18,877 and the Wife’s average
monthly salary was $15,249. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 97.

The parties’ matrimonial assets were sizable, and comprised, amongst other
things, a matrimonial home (a condominium apartment), bank accounts, an
investment portfolio largely held in the Wife’s name, insurance policies, and
Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) savings. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 66–79.

3 The parties have two children from the marriage, born in 2012 and 2014. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA Vol 2 at p 11.

The children attended primary school in Singapore. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROA Vol 4 at p 173.

By July 2017, the marriage had started to break down. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

VOV v VOW [2021] SGFC 10 at [4].

The Husband subsequently moved out of the matrimonial home with the children
in January 2020, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AC at para 72.

while the Wife remained in the matrimonial home. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

RC at paras 18 and 44vi.

4 Interim Judgment (“IJ”) was granted on 3 September 2020. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 108–109.

On 2 November 2020, the learned DJ ordered the Wife to pay interim maintenance
for the two children. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROA Vol 3I at p 256.

The divorce proceedings were contentious. On 14 January 2020, the Husband
filed an application for a Personal Protection Order (“PPO”) against the Wife
for his own benefit and on behalf of the two children, on the ground of family
violence. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

RC at para 3i; VOV v VOW [2021] SGFC 10 at [4]–[5].

On 12 October 2020, after a hearing where the Husband withdrew the application
for a PPO for himself but continued with his PPO application for the two
children, a PPO was granted against the Wife for the protection of the two
children. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

RC at para 3i; VOV v VOW [2021] SGFC 10 at [5].

Decision of the learned DJ

5 The ancillary matters (“AM”) were heard by the learned DJ on 3 November
2021, 18 January 2022 and 11 February 2022. The learned DJ issued her judgment
on 17 March 2022 and ordered that the Wife and Husband have joint custody of
the children, with sole care and control to the Husband. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 105.

The learned DJ also granted the Wife access to the children. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 105.

6 The learned DJ determined the total value of the pool of matrimonial assets
to be $2,010,487.47. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 79.

Applying the approach in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ v ANK”), she found
the ratio of the parties’ direct contributions to be 45 (Husband) : 55 (Wife)
and the ratio of the parties’ indirect contributions to be 60 (Husband) : 40
(Wife), which gave an average ratio of 52.5 (Husband) : 47.5 (Wife). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 85–87.

Thereafter, the learned DJ adjusted the average ratio to 55 (Husband) : 45
(Wife) in consideration of the needs of the children and the Wife’s rent-free
occupation of the matrimonial home. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 87.

7 To give effect to the final ratio, the learned DJ ordered the Wife to
transfer (other than by way of sale) her share and interest in the matrimonial
home to the Husband, in consideration of the Husband paying into her CPF
account, as a partial refund, a sum of $57,385. The moneys in the parties’
joint bank account were to be transferred to the Husband and the account
closed thereafter. The parties were to retain the assets held in their
respective sole names. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 87–88.

8 The learned DJ also determined the amount of maintenance for the children,
and ordered the parties to contribute in proportion to their earnings. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 97.

The expense attributable to the children for the rental apartment that they
shared with the Husband was included in the amount of maintenance payable by
the Wife until such time that the matrimonial home was handed over to the
Husband. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 98 and 106–107.

Issues on appeal

9 The Wife raises the following issues on appeal: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AC at para 14.

(a) whether there were double counting or other errors in the computation of
the pool of matrimonial assets;

(b) whether the learned DJ erred in her division of the matrimonial assets in
the ratio of 55 : 45 in favour of the Husband;

(c) whether the learned DJ erred in her division of the matrimonial assets in
ordering the Husband to retain the matrimonial home after paying $57,385 to
the Wife; and

(d) whether the amount of maintenance for the children ordered by the learned
DJ to be paid by the Wife was reasonable.

Errors in determining and valuing matrimonial assets

10 The learned DJ used the IJ date as the operative date for determining the
assets that fell within the pool of matrimonial assets, and the closest
possible date to the AM hearing as the operative date for valuing the assets,
except for CPF and bank account moneys, which were valued on the date of the
IJ. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 66.

This approach accords with the authorities (ARY v ARX and another appeal
[2016] 2 SLR 686 at [31]; TND v TNC and another appeal [2017] SGCA 34 at [19];
and UBD v UBE [2017] SGHCF 14 at [12]–[14]) and is not disputed on appeal. In
summary, the learned DJ found that the matrimonial pool comprised: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 66–79.

(a) in joint names: a matrimonial home and a joint bank account;

(b) in the Husband’s sole name: Bank accounts, CPF savings, an investment
account and insurance policies; and

(c) in the Wife’s sole name: Bank accounts, CPF savings, insurance policies
and investments in equities and cryptocurrencies.

Some of the assets listed above, all of which are in the Wife’s sole name, are
in contention in this appeal.

Parties’ cases on appeal

11 In the Appellant’s Case, the Wife raises the issue of “[w]hether there was
double counting or other errors in the assets computed by the [l]earned DJ”.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AC at para 14(a).

The Wife contends that “some double counting occurred in this case”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AC at para 19.

She further contends that “[e]ven more egregious” is the fact that some of the
equity investments that the learned DJ counted as matrimonial assets held in
the Wife’s sole name were only acquired after the IJ, and so should not have
been included in the learned DJ’s computation. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AC at para 21.

In particular, the Wife contends that errors were made in respect of the ten
assets tabulated in Table 1:

Table 1  
---  
S/No| Description| Value of Asset (in Singapore Dollars)  
1.| Cash in BankCitibank Global Foreign Currency | $7,918.33  
2.| Cash in BankCitibank Step-Up | $30,955.76  
3.| Cash in BankCIMB Fixed Deposit Account | $50,927.53  
4.| Interactive Brokers Account | $9,982.80  
5.| Tiger Brokers Account | $85,172.99  
6.| Tokenize Exchange Account| $12,168.90  
7.| Blockfi Account | $69,594.60  
8.| Binance Account| $8,343.99  
9.| Insurance - Tokio Marine| $2,952.61  
10.| Insurance - Manulife| $5,350.69  
  
12 The Wife contends that:

(a) In relation to Items 1 and 2 – moneys from the Citibank Global Foreign
Currency Account (Item 1) were transferred into the Citibank Step-Up Account
(Item 2). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AC at para 23 (S/Nos 1 and 2 in table).

There was therefore a double-counting error.

(b) In relation to Items 3 to 6 – moneys from the CIMB Fixed Deposit Account
(Item 3) were used to fund the investments in the Interactive Brokers Account,
the Tiger Brokers Account and the Tokenize Exchange Account (Items 4 to 6). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AC at para 23 (S/Nos 3 to 6 in table).

There was therefore a double-counting error. In addition, the Tiger Brokers
Account (Item 5) and the Tokenize Exchange Account (Item 6) did not exist as
at the IJ date. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AC at para 23 (S/Nos 5 and 6 in table).

(c) In relation to Items 7 and 8 – the Blockfi Account (Item 7) and the
Binance Account (Item 8) both did not exist as at the IJ date. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AC at para 23 (S/Nos 7 and 8 in table).

(d) In relation to Items 9 and 10 – the insurance policies were valued using
the wrong date. The Tokio Marine insurance policy (Item 9) should be
attributed a lower value of $1,797.64, with the valuation date being 29
September 2020. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AC at para 23 (S/No 9 in table).

The Manulife insurance policy (Item 10) should be attributed a value of
$2,724, with the valuation date being 9 September 2020. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AC at para 23 (S/No 10 in table).

13 Therefore, the Wife seeks to exclude Items 1 and 4 to 8 from the pool of
matrimonial assets, and to attribute lower values to Items 9 and 10. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AC at para 23 (penultimate row in table).

After re-calculation, the Wife contends that the actual value of the assets in
her sole name, which constitute part of the pool of matrimonial assets, should
be $650,277.63. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AC at para 23 (final row in table) and para 67.

14 The Wife relies on Rule 828(4)(b) of the Family Justice Rules 2014 (“FJR
2014”) to support her contention that as long as any new argument sought to be
raised on appeal is mentioned clearly in the appellant’s case, the appellate
court can grant leave for the new point to be argued. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions dated 23 November 2022 (“AWS”) at paras 8–10.

She also relies on the cases of BOR v BOS and another appeal [2018] SGCA 78
(“BOR v BOS”) and Grace Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd v Te Deum Engineering
Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 76 (“Grace Electrical”) which, the Wife submits, support
the proposition that “counsel are always allowed to refine and present new
arguments on appeal, as long as these are substantiated by existing facts”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AWS at paras 2 and 14–15.

The Wife does not seek to tender any fresh evidence on appeal. Insofar as the
position that the Wife takes departs from that which she had taken in the
third and final Joint Summary of Relevant Information (“Joint Summary”), which
was signed by the Wife’s former solicitors on 2 November 2021 and the
Husband’s solicitors on 26 November 2021 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 192.

and submitted to the court for the AM hearing, the Wife argues that the Joint
Summary is simply a procedural tool designed to assist the court, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AWS at para 27.

and that the parties should not be “held too strictly to what is argued or not
argued in the Joint Summary”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AWS at para 26.

15 The Husband contends that the values of eight out of the ten assets in
Table 1 were submitted by the Wife in the third and final Joint Summary and
repeated at the AM hearing. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

RC at para 30(1).

The documents that the Wife relies on in this appeal to make her case for the
alleged double counting and other errors were already before the learned DJ.
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

RC at para 30(3).

Those figures earlier submitted by the Wife in the proceedings below were the
ones that the learned DJ had placed reliance on when determining the value of
those assets. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

RC at para 30(2).

As the Wife’s former solicitors had signed the third and final Joint Summary
and acknowledged that the parties would be bound by the positions stated in
the Joint Summary, the Husband argues that the Wife should be held to her
position. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

RC at paras 15–16, 25–26 and 37–40.

16 The Husband further argues that in relation to the disputed Tokenize
Exchange Account, Blockfi Account and Binance Account (Items 6–8 in Table 1),
the Wife has adduced insufficient evidence to prove that these assets were
non-existent as at the IJ date. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

RC at paras 33–35.

In relation to the disputed insurance policies (Items 9 and 10 in Table 1),
the Husband argues that the learned DJ’s valuation ought to be affirmed as
that valuation was based on a date that is as close to the AM date as
possible. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

RC at para 36.

Analysis

17 On the issue of whether an appellant should be allowed to raise new points
on appeal which differ from the position the appellant took in the court
below, the Court of Appeal held that there is no legal impediment as such,
even if those points contradict the appellant’s pleaded case. Rather, the
court would carefully consider whether to grant leave to the appellant to
introduce new and even contradictory points on appeal, having regard to the
following factors (BOR v BOS at [36], citing Grace Electrical at [36] and
[38]):

(a) the nature of the parties’ arguments below;

(b) whether the court had considered and provided any findings and reasoning
in relation to the new point;

(c) whether further submissions, evidence, or findings would have been
necessitated had the new points been raised below; and

(d) any prejudice that might result to the counterparty in the appeal if leave
were to be granted.

18 The Court of Appeal held in another case that there is a requirement that
“leave to introduce a new point be sought and obtained, and that the relevant
party must clearly state in its case that it is applying for such leave” (SGB
Starkstrom Pte Ltd v Commissioner for Labour [2016] 3 SLR 598 (“SGB
Starkstrom”) at [34]). In that case, the appellant sought to submit on the
doctrine of substantive legitimate expectations before the Court of Appeal,
when this doctrine was not raised in the court below. The Court of Appeal
noted that the appellant did not comply with the requirement to state in its
case that it is applying for leave to introduce the new point, but nonetheless
held that it was clear that the parties had notice of the new issues, and the
appellant was therefore allowed to attempt to raise the new point (SGB
Starkstrom at [34]).

19 The holdings of the Court of Appeal in Grace Electrical and SGB Starkstrom
were made in the context of considering O 57 r 9A(4) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) as in force immediately before 1 April 2022 (“ROC
2014”). As O 57 r 9A(4)(b) of the ROC 2014 is in pari materia with Rule
828(4)(b) of the FJR 2014, the holdings with respect to O 57 r 9A(4) of the
ROC 2014 apply with equal force here.

20 In the present appeal, the Wife relies on Rule 828(4)(b) of the FJR 2014 in
responding to the Husband’s objections to her contentions on the items in
Table 1. The Wife argues that the items in Table 1 are new points that she is
entitled to raise on appeal. It is, however, not stated in the Appellant’s
Case that the Wife is applying for leave to introduce these points. As the
Husband raises no issue on that account, the Wife presents her arguments for
the new points without any objection on that basis from the Husband. As
mentioned at [15]–[16] above, the Husband’s main contention in relation to the
new points is that the Wife should be held to the position that she took in
the third and final Joint Summary, and that in any event, the Wife is unable
to discharge her burden of proving the new points.

21 I first turn to examine the evidence that the Wife relies on to advance her
arguments in relation to the new points before turning to make some
observations regarding a party deviating from his or her stated position in
the Joint Summary which the court relied on in making the AM orders.

22 For a start, I note that all the ten disputed assets in Table 1 were
included in the third and final Joint Summary submitted for the AM hearing as
part of the pool of matrimonial assets for division. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

ROA Vol 3D at pp 156–226.

In addition, both the Husband’s solicitors and the Wife’s former solicitors
had signed on the Joint Summary immediately below the lines which state, “The
[Plaintiff/Defendant] accepts the Joint Summary to be [his/her] binding
position.” 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 192.

On the same page in the Joint Summary, there is text which further reads:

The parties understand that the Court will rely on the parties’ respective
positions in this Joint Summary when determining the ancillary matters. Where
this Joint Summary discloses material facts or questions of law which are
agreed between the parties, the Court may make such orders on the agreed facts
or questions of law.

23 Furthermore, in the present case, the learned DJ had relied on both the
Joint Summary and counsel’s submissions in coming to her decision at the AM
hearings, as follows: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 11, 23 and 35.

(a) In relation to Items 1 and 2 in Table 1 (ie. the cash in the Citibank
Global Foreign Currency Account and the Citibank Step-Up Account), the parties
canvassed the issue of whether the moneys in the account in Item 1 (Citibank
Global Foreign Currency Account) were transferred into the account in Item 2
(Citibank Step-Up Account), and both the Husband’s counsel and the Wife’s
former counsel agreed at the AM hearing before the learned DJ that the balance
in Item 1 was $0. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 41.

As noted in Table 1 above, the learned DJ attributed a value of $7,918.33 to
Item 1 and $30,955.76 to Item 2.

(b) In relation to Item 3 (CIMB Fixed Deposit Account), the Wife asserted in
the third and final Joint Summary that it should have a $0 value, while the
Husband asserted that it should have a value of $50,927.53. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 170.

However, at the AM hearing, when the Wife’s former counsel was queried on the
Wife’s position on this account, he stated that he “do[es] not know if it
should go into the pool or should form part of the investment asset”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 42.

As noted in Table 1 above, the learned DJ attributed a value of $50,927.53 to
Item 3.

(c) In relation to Item 4 (Interactive Brokers Account), the Wife gave two
values for this account in the third and final Joint Summary – a value of
$9,982.80 with valuation date of 31 December 2020 and a $0 value with
valuation date of October 2021. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 172.

The Husband in the third and final Joint Summary asserted that the account had
a value of $9,982.80. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 172.

At the AM hearing, the Wife’s former counsel was queried about the Wife’s
position on this asset, and he was unable to produce documentary evidence to
justify the Wife’s attribution of a $0 value to this account. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 43.

As noted in Table 1 above, the learned DJ attributed a value of $9,982.80 to
Item 4.

(d) In relation to Item 5 (Tiger Brokers Account), the Husband in the third
and final Joint Summary gave this account a value of $85,172.99 (in SGD), as
converted from the US$63,194.10 in the account. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

ROA Vol 3D at pp 172–173.

The Wife in the third and final Joint Summary asserted that this account had a
value of $63,194.10 (in SGD) as of October 2021, but the Husband pointed out
that the Wife’s former counsel had inadvertently stated the currency to be SGD
when it was USD. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

ROA Vol 3D at pp 172–173.

As noted in Table 1 above, the learned DJ attributed a value of $85,172.99 (in
SGD) to Item 5.

(e) In relation to Item 6 (Tokenize Exchange Account), both the Husband and
Wife attributed a value of $12,168.90 to this account in the third and final
Joint Summary. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 173.

As noted in Table 1 above, the learned DJ attributed a value of $12,168.90 to
Item 6.

(f) In relation to Item 7 (Blockfi Account), the Husband in the third and
final Joint Summary gave this account a value of $69,594.60 (in SGD), as
converted from the US$51,635.71 in this account. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

ROA Vol 3D at pp 173–174.

The Wife asserted that this account had a value of $51,635.71 (in SGD), but
the Husband pointed out that the Wife’s former counsel had inadvertently
stated the currency to be SGD when it was USD. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

ROA Vol 3D at pp 173–174.

As noted in Table 1 above, the learned DJ attributed a value of $69,594.60 (in
SGD) to Item 7.

(g) In relation to Item 8 (Binance Account), the Husband in the third and
final Joint Summary gave this account a value of $8,342.85. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 174.

The Wife in the third and final Joint Summary gave two different values to
this account – a value of $8,343.99 as of 17 May 2021, and a value of $1.14 as
of October 2021. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 174.

At the AM hearing, the Wife’s former counsel conceded that $8,343.99 was the
figure attributable to this account based on the documents before the court.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 45.

As noted in Table 1 above, the learned DJ attributed a value of $8,343.99 to
Item 8.

(h) In relation to Items 9 and 10 (the Tokio Marine and Manulife insurance
policies), the Husband and the Wife attributed the same values to these assets
($2,952.61 and $5350.69 for the two policies respectively, with a minor
typographical error in the Wife’s figure) in the third and final Joint
Summary. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

ROA Vol 3D at 178.

As noted in Table 1 above, the learned DJ attributed a value of $2,952.61 and
$5,350.69 to Items 9 and 10 respectively.

24 From the foregoing, it can be seen that in relation to Items 1 and 2, the
parties agreed that Item 1 should be given a value of $0 as the funds in Item
1 were transferred into Item 2. It is unclear why the learned DJ did not
factor it into her decision. But other than for Item 1, the learned DJ was not
provided with clear submissions or evidence as to why any of the other items
should not be included in the pool of matrimonial assets. The learned DJ had
also attributed to the said assets values with the parties’ inputs. This ought
to be made clear as it is not obvious from the Appellant’s Case that any of
the “errors” arose because the Wife is taking a different position on appeal
relative to the position that she took in the proceedings below. The Wife did,
however, state in the Appellant’s Case that the issues were “not really
flagged to the Learned DJ”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AC at para 24.

Concessions by the Parties

25 At the hearing before me on 8 December 2022, both the Wife and the Husband
made various concessions in respect of the assets in Table 1.

(a) The Husband agreed with the Wife that: 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Minutes of hearing on 8 December 2022.

(i) Item 1 should be excluded from the pool of matrimonial assets, while Item
2 should remain, as there was double-counting, since the moneys in the account
in Item 1 were transferred to the account in Item 2.

(ii) Items 4 and 5 should be excluded from the pool of matrimonial assets,
while Item 3 should remain. In relation to Items 3 and 4, there was double-
counting, since a portion of the moneys in the account in Item 3 was used to
purchase the investment in Item 4.

(b) The Wife withdrew her appeal in respect of Items 9 and 10, as she had made
an error in the identification of the relevant date for the valuation of the
assets. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Minutes of hearing on 8 December 2022.

I note that the Wife’s concession was rightly made, as the correct method for
valuing insurance policies is to take the surrender value of the insurance
policies as at the date of the ancillary matters hearing, or any other date
agreed by the parties (UTS v UTT [2019] SGHCF 8 at [19]).

26 The court will step in to correct computational errors in appropriate
instances, particularly where both parties are agreed that such errors exist
(TOT v TOU and another appeal and another matter [2021] SGHC(A) 9 at [3]).
Accordingly, I order Items 1, 4 and 5 to be excluded from the pool of
matrimonial assets as agreed by the parties, and Items 2, 3, 9 and 10 are to
stand as ordered by the learned DJ.

27 I turn to deal with Items 6, 7 and 8, which remain disputed.

Disputed Assets

28 I first examine the evidence that the Wife relies on before turning to make
some observations regarding a party deviating from the position in the Joint
Summary.

Analysis

(1) Item 6: Tokenize Exchange Account

29 For Item 6, the Wife’s Tokenize Exchange Account, the Wife asserts on
appeal that: (a) the account did not exist as at the IJ date; and (b) there
was double counting in that moneys from the CIMB Fixed Deposit Account (Item 3
in Table 1) were used to fund the Tokenize Exchange Account. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AC at para 23 (S/No 6 in table).

30 In relation to the contention that the Tokenize Exchange Account was
created after the IJ date, the only piece of evidence the Wife refers to is an
e-mail from Tokenize dated 3 December 2020 which states: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 629.

…

Your identity verification is successful. Your membership has been updated to
Normal.

Deposit your funds to buy cryptocurrencies. Here is a guide.

…

[emphasis in the original]

31 The e-mail only shows that the membership of the account holder had been
updated to “Normal”. That appears to suggest that the membership existed
before the date of the e-mail and was updated on the date of the e-mail. It
is, however, unclear what the status of the account was before the “update”
and what it means to have one’s membership updated to “Normal”. More
specifically, there is no indication that the account did not exist as at the
date of the IJ, as alleged by the Wife. There is also no evidence on the
circumstances under which such an email would be sent by Tokenize Exchange and
what it means insofar as the status of the membership is concerned.

32 In relation to the contention that the Tokenize Exchange Account was funded
using moneys from the CIMB Fixed Deposit Account (Item 3 in Table 1), the Wife
asserts that the following transactions took place: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

AC at para 23 (S/No 3 in table).

(a) The fixed deposit in CIMB Fixed Deposit Account amounting to $50,927.53
was redeemed on 2 October 2020.

(b) The $50,927.53 was transferred to a CIMB FastSaver Account, then to a CIMB
StarSaver Account, and then to a Citibank Step-Up Account.

(c) On 16 November 2020, $10,000 was transferred from the Citibank Step-Up
Account to the Wife’s DBS MyAccount.

(d) From the DBS MyAccount,

(i) $5,000 was transferred into the Tokenize Exchange Account on 13 December
2020; and

(ii) $5,000 was transferred into the Tokenize Exchange Account on 22 December
2020.

33 After considering the documents presented by the Wife, I find that the Wife
did not adduce sufficient evidence necessary to support her assertion that a
total of $10,000, traceable from the CIMB Fixed Deposit Account, was
transferred into the Tokenize Exchange Account. The Wife has produced a bank
statement dated 31 December 2020 for her DBS MyAccount, which shows a $5,000
withdrawal on 13 December 2020 and a $5,000 withdrawal on 22 December 2020 for
“Investment & Securities”, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

ROA Vol 3A at pp 50–51.

and has relied on that bank statement as proof of the source of the funds in
her Tokenize Exchange Account. There is, however, no document from DBS to show
that the funds were transferred to the Tokenize Exchange Account. Given the
Wife’s somewhat prolific investment activities, it is unclear whether the
moneys from the DBS MyAccount withdrawn for “Investment & Securities” had been
used to fund other investments and buy other securities, or the ones in the
Tokenize Exchange Account. I am therefore unable to conclude, from the
evidence available, that the Wife's Tokenize Exchange Account was funded using
moneys from the CIMB Fixed Deposit Account (Item 3 in Table 1).

(2) Item 7: Blockfi Account

34 For Item 7, the Wife’s Blockfi Account, the Wife refers to her Blockfi
Account statement for January 2021 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 630.

and what appears to be transaction records. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

ROA Vol 3D at pp 625–628.

According to the Wife, a comparison of the sums in the account statement
against those in the transaction records, as well as reference to the
transaction dates in the transaction records, gives rise to an inference that
the transactions started only shortly before January 2021, and therefore the
account was opened after the IJ date, which was 3 September 2020.

35 I find the evidence to be similarly lacking. The transaction records and
statement from Blockfi show that there were transactions in January 2021.
Nowhere in the Blockfi Account statement for January 2021 does it indicate
that the Blockfi Account was opened only in January 2021. Similarly, while the
transaction records may indicate that there were transactions involving the
Blockfi Account in January 2021, the transaction records do not state that
there were no transactions involving the Blockfi Account before January 2021.
It is incumbent on the Wife to produce proper evidence, such as a confirmation
or statement to prove what seems to be a straightforward matter of when the
Blockfi Account was opened. The Wife did not produce such evidence.

(3) Item 8: Binance Account

36 For Item 8, the Wife’s Binance Account, the Wife refers to an e-mail dated
20 January 2021 from Binance which states: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 707.

…

Your Advanced Verification has been approved. Your Binance account can now:

Withdraw cryptocurrency up to a 100 BTC value per day. Buy crypto instantly …

To further increase these account limits, you can perform Address Verification
by …

The Wife also points to what appears to be records of her transactions with
Binance. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 628.

37 I also view these documents as insufficient evidence to prove that the
Binance Account did not exist as at the date of the IJ and was not a
matrimonial asset. The e-mail from Binance does not indicate that the Binance
account did not exist as at the IJ date. All the e-mail shows is that the
account holder’s “Advanced Verification” had been approved and that the
Binance account had the capabilities listed. In fact, the existence of an
“Advanced” verification suggests that there may well be another verification
status that had already existed before. As for the transaction records, while
they may indicate that there were transactions involving the Binance account
in March and April 2021, the transaction records do not state that there were
no transactions involving the Binance Account before then.

38 Having examined the available evidence, I find no reason to disturb the
learned DJ’s decision in holding that the accounts in Items 6, 7 and 8 in
Table 1 were matrimonial assets, with the values attributed to them by the
learned DJ.

The Joint Summary

39 My evaluation of the evidence in the section above is sufficient for
disposing the appeal in respect of the disputed assets, but it is apposite
that I make some observations here on the use of the Joint Summary in the
determination of ancillary matters.

40 The arguments of the Wife in relation to the Tokenize Exchange Account and
Blockfi Account (Items 6 and 7 in Table 1) are not entirely “new points” as
such. In her affidavit filed on 9 June 2021 in response to an order for
discovery, the Wife stated that these accounts were opened in December 2020.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 430.

The Wife, however, took another position in the third and final Joint Summary
that was submitted to the court 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

ROA Vol 3D at pp 173–174.

and at the AM hearing before the learned DJ. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 44–45.

At the AM hearing, the court explicitly asked the Wife’s former counsel to
articulate the Wife’s position on the Tokenize Exchange Account and Blockfi
Account, and said counsel did not dispute that the Tokenize Exchange Account
and Blockfi Account should be included in the pool of matrimonial assets;
instead, he explicitly confirmed that they should be valued at $12,168.90 and
$69,594.60 respectively. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 44–45.

In relation to the Binance Account (Item 8 in Table 1), from the third and
final Joint Summary 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 174.

and the submissions of the Wife’s former counsel at the AM hearing, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 45.

the dispute then was over the quantification of the value of the account,
instead of whether the account existed as of the IJ date.

41 It has been noted above, at [22], that the parties acknowledge the Joint
Summary to set out their “binding position”. The statement, “[t]he
[Plaintiff/Defendant] accepts the Joint Summary to be [his/her] binding
position”, was inserted into the Joint Summary form through Amendment No. 2 of
2020 to the Family Justice Courts Practice Directions, which amended the form
prescribed by Amendment No. 1 of 2016. The fact that the Joint Summary
involves an acceptance by the parties that it represents his or her binding or
final position has been acknowledged by the General Division of the High Court
(see, for example, VPH v VPI [2021] SGHCF 22 at [14]; WAS v WAT [2022] SGHCF 7
at [3]).

42 The Joint Summary facilitates the fair disposal of the disputes between the
parties and serves to avoid protracted litigation and unnecessary delays. The
parties are put on ample notice by the words on the face of the Joint Summary
that the position they take will be relied upon by the court in coming to its
decision. Every effort should be made by the parties and their counsel to
ensure that the Joint Summary is clear and accurate. This is so that each
party will be able to treat the position stated by the other party as the
final position and respond to it as such. The court will, in turn, consider
the positions taken by the parties and arrive at a decision in reliance on the
Joint Summary. This whole process is aimed at helping the parties save costs
and time, and at making the best use of scarce judicial resources and public
moneys to achieve a fair outcome in every case. In the final analysis, it is
in the interests of the parties and their families to put an end to their
differences without unnecessary delay and litigation. Therefore, where the
parties have stated their binding positions in the Joint Summary and the court
has relied on those positions, there is a strong reason to hold the parties to
their signed binding positions (as modified or supplemented by any considered
positions taken at the AM hearing) in the interests of certainty and finality.
While an appellate court, as noted above at [17]–[19], may allow new points to
be raised on appeal in an appropriate case, even if the points represent a
substantial departure from the position taken below, the party who has been
granted leave to raise the new points must still address the issue of why the
party should be allowed to deviate from a signed binding position taken in the
Joint Summary. Departures from the Joint Summary that lead to re-litigation
will otherwise be treated with reservation by the court.

43 In this case, the Wife did not adequately explain why she is taking a
different position from that taken in the third and final Joint Summary for
Items 6, 7 and 8 in Table 1. My decision to affirm the learned DJ’s decision
with respect to those disputed items is therefore further fortified as the
Wife did not offer any cogent reason to persuade the court that she should not
be held to the binding position signed by her former solicitors.

44 To summarise, the learned DJ’s decision in respect of Items 1 to 10 remains
undisturbed, save that Items 1, 4 and 5 are to be taken as personal assets of
the Wife and excluded from the pool of matrimonial assets by consent of the
parties. The total value of Items 1, 4 and 5, as tabulated in Table 1 and as
determined by the learned DJ, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 75–76.

is $7,918.33 + $9,982.80 + $85,172.99 = $103,074.12. The learned DJ had
determined the value of the Wife’s assets that constituted part of the pool of
matrimonial assets to be $847,190.90. After deduction of the values of Items
1, 4 and 5, the correct sum for the Wife’s assets that constitute part of the
matrimonial pool is $744,116.78.

Ratio for division of the matrimonial assets

45 I turn to the issue of the division of the matrimonial assets.

Decision below

46 At the AM hearing, the parties agreed to using the structured approach for
division of matrimonial assets as outlined in the case of ANJ v ANK. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 79.

The learned DJ determined the parties’ direct contributions to the matrimonial
assets in the following manner, with the values as reproduced below: 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 83–85 (working comments of the learned DJ omitted).

Contribution| Amount from Husband| Amount from Wife  
---|---|---  
Matrimonial Home| $475,260| $267,334  
BOC multi-currency account| $792.78| $339.77  
Assets held in sole name| $419,569.60| $847,190.90  
Total| $895,622.38 (45%)| $1,114,864.67 (55%)  
  
47 As for the parties’ indirect contributions, the learned DJ found that the
Husband paid for the majority of the family’s expenses for the larger part of
the marriage before the parties separated. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 81 and 86.

Also, after the separation and before the interim maintenance order was made,
the Husband bore all the expenses for the children. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 86.

As for the indirect non-financial contributions, the learned DJ found that the
parties probably did share responsibility for the children before the
separation, but after the separation, it was the Husband who had made the
major indirect non-financial contributions. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 86.

Taking the above into consideration, and considering the length of the
marriage, the learned DJ determined the appropriate ratio for indirect
contributions to be 60 : 40 in favour of the Husband. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 86.

48 The learned DJ thereafter adjusted the average ratio of the direct and
indirect contributions by adding 2.5% in the Husband’s favour, to 55 (Husband)
: 45 (Wife) in consideration of the needs of the children of the marriage, as
well as the fact that the Wife has had rent-free occupation of the matrimonial
home, as follows: 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 87.

| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Direct Contributions| 45%| 55%  
Indirect Contributions| 60%| 40%  
Average Ratio| 52.5| 47.5  
Adjustment| 2.5%| -2.5%  
Final Ratio | 55| 45  
  
Parties’ cases on appeal

49 The Wife argues that the learned DJ erred in her determination of the ratio
for division of the matrimonial pool by placing excessive weight on (a) the
Husband’s indirect financial contributions; and (b) the Husband taking over
the role as primary caregiver from January 2020 onwards. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

AC at para 51.

50 In terms of indirect financial contributions, the Wife contends that
although the family’s expenses, such as “fixed expenses” like tuition and
school fees, were paid from a DBS joint account that was mainly contributed to
by the Husband, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

AC at para 53.

she paid for “variable expenses” such as dining, outings and transport when
the children were out with her. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

AC at para 54.

Further, she bore expenses such as the domestic helper’s salary, groceries,
family holiday expenses and expenses related to the children’s needs. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

AC at para 55.

The Wife also contends that she made greater indirect non-financial
contributions for almost 14 years from the time the parties were married in
June 2006. According to the Wife, the children were primarily under her care
prior to January 2020, and she took on the bulk of the household chores from
the time that the parties were married until the time that the first child was
born. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AC at paras 57 and 60.

In summary, the Wife argues that at least 60% of indirect contributions should
be attributed to her. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

AC at para 65.

51 Additionally, the Wife argues that the adjustment of 2.5% made by the
learned DJ was “wholly unnecessary” because the pool of matrimonial assets was
large enough to cater to the children without the adjustment, and the Husband
had voluntarily left the matrimonial home as opposed to being forced out. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

AC at paras 70–72.

As the Wife had continued to contribute towards mortgage payments up till July
2022, she argues that the rent-free period should not be taken into account.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

AC at para 72.

The Wife submits that, in totality, the final ratio for the division of the
matrimonial assets should be 55.5 : 45.5 in favour of her. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

AC at paras 69 and 72.

52 The Husband argues that the learned DJ rightly considered the Husband to
have made more indirect financial contributions to the marriage than the Wife.
The Husband asserts that throughout the marriage until December 2017, the
Husband had deposited his entire salary into the parties’ DBS joint account
while the Wife had refused to do so. It was from that account that the bulk of
the family’s expenses were paid. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

RC at para 44i.

Even after the Husband ceased depositing his entire salary in the parties’ DBS
joint account after December 2017, it was the Husband who paid for the
majority of the family’s expenses. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

RC at paras 44ii and 44iv.

The Husband further contends that the extent of the Wife’s withdrawals from
the parties’ DBS joint account exceeded what she had contributed to that
account. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

RC at para 44v.

Moreover, after separation until the interim maintenance orders were made, all
expenses for the children were borne solely by the Husband. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

RC at para 45.

In fact, the Wife has enjoyed rent-free occupation of the matrimonial home for
at least two years and eight months, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

As at the date of the filing of the RC, 6 August 2022.

while the Husband has had to incur hefty rental costs by living outside of the
matrimonial home with the children. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

RC at para 44vi.

53 In respect of the indirect non-financial contributions, the Husband
disputes the Wife’s assertion that she was the primary carer of the children
until separation. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

RC at para 47.

According to the Husband, the Wife had worked long hours as a successful
insurance broker. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

RC at para 50.

The family had engaged a domestic helper when the first child was born in
September 2012, and the family has had a domestic helper to-date. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

RC at para 50.

The Husband also points out that he had adopted a hands-on approach to taking
care of the family, including looking after the children and doing things with
the children that piqued and nurtured their interests in science. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

RC at para 51.

54 The Husband therefore argues that in the light of his contributions,
relative to the Wife’s, and in the light of the factors under s 112(2) of the
Women’s Charter 1961 (2020 Rev Ed), including the young ages of the children
and the Wife’s long rent-free occupation of the matrimonial home, the final
division ratio of 55 : 45 ordered by the learned DJ in his favour ought not to
be disturbed. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

RC at para 54.

Analysis

55 I have no reason to disturb the learned DJ’s finding that the Husband had
made substantially more indirect financial contributions. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 81–82 and 86.

The Wife did not show how the learned DJ erred in finding that it was the
Husband who paid for the majority of the family’s expenses for a large part of
their marriage before the parties separated. In particular, the Wife does not
dispute the Husband’s assertion, and the learned DJ’s finding, that throughout
the marriage until December 2017, the Husband had deposited his entire salary
into the parties’ joint DBS account while the Wife made periodic transfers
into that account, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 20; ROA Vol 3A at pp 165–167.

and that it was from that account that the bulk of the family’s expenses were
paid. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AC at para 53; ROA Vol 1 at p 86.

The Wife also does not dispute the Husband’s assertion that even when the
Husband ceased depositing his entire salary in the DBS joint account after
December 2017, it was the Husband who paid for the majority of the family’s
expenses. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

ROA Vol 3A at p 167.

The Husband’s assertion that the Wife had withdrawn more moneys than she had
paid into the parties’ DBS joint account is also not challenged by the Wife.
123

##### Foot Note 123

×

ROA Vol 3A at p 172; ROA Vol 1 at p 86.

The learned DJ’s finding that the Husband had contributed the “lion’s share of
the indirect financial contributions” 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 86.

and all the expenses of the children after the separation and before the
interim maintenance order appears to be consistent with the financial position
of the parties at the end of their marriage (see [59] below); the value of the
assets that were held in the Wife’s sole name was substantially more than the
value of the assets that were held in the Husband’s sole name although the
Husband was the higher income earner throughout the marriage.

56 As for the indirect non-financial contributions, I also find no basis to
interfere with the learned DJ’s finding that the parties had shared
responsibility for the children during their marriage before their separation.
Both parties contributed to the welfare of the family. For example, the
Husband points out that he helped with changing diapers, was very hands-on
with the children when he was at home instead of delegating their care to the
domestic helper, and arranged for their extracurricular activities. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

ROA Vol 3A at pp 192–193; ROA Vol 3C at pp 49–50; ROA Vol 3G at pp 52–57; RC
at paras 51–52.

As for the Wife, she highlights that she gave up her job as an air stewardess
shortly after the marriage to accompany the Husband to Australia for his work.
126

##### Foot Note 126

×

ROA Vol 3G at pp 92–93; AC at para 59.

She also bore the burden of household chores, especially before the employment
of the domestic helper, breastfed both children, and took care of the
schedules, activities and homework of the children. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

ROA Vol 3A at pp 10–13; AC at paras 58, 60 and 61.

Towards the later part of the marriage, even though both parties were in
continuous full time employment, it appears that they both remained involved
in caring for the children with the assistance of their domestic helper.

57 The learned DJ took into account the Husband’s role as sole caregiver after
the children left the matrimonial home together with the Husband. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 86.

In this regard, the Wife contends on appeal that the learned DJ had placed
excessive weight on the role of the Husband as the sole caregiver after the
parties’ separation in January 2020. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

AC at paras 5 and 57.

It appears that the Wife is not satisfied that due credit had been given to
the many years that she had spent caring for the children and the family
before the parties separated in January 2020. The Wife highlights that the
Husband was the primary caregiver “for only a short period of 9 months” until
the IJ. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

AC at para 52.

I am unable to agree that the learned DJ had placed excessive weight on the
role of the Husband as the sole caregiver after the parties’ separation. The
learned DJ had in fact considered that the parties shared responsibility for
the children, and specifically mentioned that she had the length of the
marriage in mind, when she determined the appropriate ratio to be applied for
the indirect contributions. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 86.

58 Given the Husband’s substantially greater indirect financial contributions
to the family before the separation and his greater indirect non-financial
contributions after the parties’ separation, together with his consistent
partnership with the Wife in making indirect non-financial contributions
throughout the marriage, I decline to interfere with the learned DJ’s
determination of the appropriate ratio for indirect contributions at 60 : 40
in favour of the Husband.

59 As I have varied the pool of matrimonial assets by excluding some of the
Wife’s assets, the average ratio for division of the matrimonial assets will
have to be re-calculated. Referring to the values arrived at by the learned DJ
as reproduced at [46] above, the revised calculation, with the changes
relative to the learned DJ’s calculation marked out in italicised font, is as
follows:

Contribution| Amount from Husband| Amount from Wife| Total  
---|---|---|---  
Matrimonial Home| $475,260| $267,334| $742,594.42  
BOC multi-currency account| $792.78| $339.77| $1,132.55  
Assets held in sole name| $419,569.60| $744,116.78| $1,163,686.38  
Total| $895,622.38 (47%)| $1,011,790.55 (53%)| $1,907,412.93  
  
Contributions| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Direct Contributions| 47%| 53%  
Indirect Contributions| 60%| 40%  
Average ratio| 53.5| 46.5  
  
60 I now consider whether appellate intervention is warranted in respect of
the 2.5% adjustment that the learned DJ made in favour of the Husband.

61 As noted at [22] of ANJ v ANK, the court has to consider whether
adjustments need to be made to the parties’ average percentage contributions
to take into account, amongst other factors, the factors enumerated in s
112(2) of the Women’s Charter. The two factors cited by the learned DJ, namely
the needs of the children of the marriage and the rent-free occupation of the
matrimonial home by one spouse, are listed in ss 112(2)(c) and (f) of the
Women’s Charter.

62 In my judgment, the learned DJ had acted within the bounds of her
discretion. The learned DJ did not err in law or fact in considering the needs
of the two young children of the marriage. In relation to the Wife’s rent-free
occupation of the matrimonial home, the fact that “one party occupies [the
matrimonial home] to the exclusion of any benefit to the other” has been
considered as relevant under s 112(2)(f) of the Women’s Charter even where
there is no indication that the other spouse had been ejected and barred from
returning (see, for example TRS v TRT [2017] SGHCF 3 at [15]). As for the
Wife’s argument that she had continued to pay for the mortgage of the
matrimonial home even after the Husband and children have moved out, and
therefore the adjustment to account for her rent-free occupation ought not be
made, I note that the learned DJ had given credit to the Wife for the mortgage
payments she made throughout the marriage until 11 February 2022, which was
the date of the AM hearing when submissions on mortgage payments were heard,
in computing the direct contributions of the parties towards the acquisition
of the matrimonial home. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 54–56 and 85.

63 Based on the adjusted calculations at [59] above, if a 2.5% uplift in
favour of the Husband is applied, the final ratio for division would be 56 :
44 in favour of the Husband. Taking a broad-brush approach, I am of the view
that it is fair for the final (post-adjustment) ratio for division of
matrimonial assets to remain at 55 : 45 in favour of the Husband. In any case,
it is the Husband’s position that the final ratio ordered by the learned DJ
ought not to be disturbed. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

RC at para 54.

Retention of the matrimonial home by the Husband

64 I turn to the issue of the learned DJ’s order for the Husband to retain the
matrimonial home.

Decision below

65 In effecting the division of the matrimonial assets in the ratio of 55 : 45
in favour of the Husband, the learned DJ ordered that the parties retain the
assets held in their respective sole names. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 106 para 5f.

The moneys held in the parties’ joint account were to be transferred to the
Husband. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 106 para 5d.

The Wife was ordered to transfer (other than by way of sale) her share and
interest in the matrimonial home to the Husband within six months from the
date of the certificate of Final Judgment, 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 106 para 5a.

and the Husband was ordered to pay into the Wife’s CPF account a sum of
$57,385. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 106 para 5a.

Finally, as the learned DJ found that the Husband’s parents had given him a
loan of $31,259.77 for the purchase of the matrimonial home, she further
ordered the Husband to repay the loan from his share. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 106 para 5e.

Parties’ cases on appeal

66 The Wife argues that the learned DJ erred in the manner in which she
ordered the matrimonial assets to be divided. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

AC at para 48.

The Wife submits that the parties should instead be left to work out the
mechanics of the division of the matrimonial assets. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

AC at para 49.

In the alternative, the Wife seeks an order for a valuation report for the
matrimonial home to be obtained, for the matrimonial home to be sold within
six months from the date of the order at or above the valuation price, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

AC at para 50(a).

for the Husband to have the first option to purchase the property at the
valuation price, 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

AC at para 50(b).

for the parties to have joint conduct of the sale and for each party to be
entitled to appoint his or her own property agent to market the property, 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

AC at para 50(c).

and for any increase in the value of the matrimonial home to be divided in the
same ratio as the division of assets. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

AC at para 48(d).

67 The Wife argues that no basis was given by the learned DJ as to why the
Husband should retain the matrimonial home. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

AC at paras 43 and 48(a).

Moreover, the manner in which the learned DJ divided the pool of matrimonial
assets has given rise to seemingly arbitrary results. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

AC at para 36.

This is because the Wife’s share of the matrimonial assets consisted mainly of
the equity investments which were held in her sole name and which were
“largely volatile with marked-to-market instantaneous valuations”. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

AC at para 38.

The Wife asserts that since the AM hearing, the value of the matrimonial home
had increased by $305,000, and this increase would accrue solely to the
Husband based on the learned DJ’s order. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

AC at para 42.

In contrast, the market value of shares and cryptocurrencies, which made up a
significant portion of the investments that were held in the Wife’s sole name
and which were ordered by the learned DJ to be retained by the Wife, had
plummeted in value. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

AC at para 42.

The Wife adds that the parties had always contemplated a sale of the
matrimonial home and division of the net proceeds, 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

AC at para 44.

and the learned DJ’s decision took her by surprise such that she did not have
an opportunity to prepare a valuation report. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

AC at paras 46–47.

68 The Husband in reply contends that it was within the court’s discretion to
decide which party keeps which asset, and that it is sensible and logical to
order the Wife to keep all the equities under her sole name and for the
Husband to retain the matrimonial home upon payment of the shortfall to the
Wife. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

RC at paras 17 and 56.

Furthermore, it has always been the Husband’s stand that he wishes to move
back to the matrimonial home with the children, and this had been communicated
to the Wife and her former counsel from the start of the proceedings. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

RC at paras 18 and 57.

In addition, the ordering of a sale of the matrimonial home would not be in
the best interests of the children. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

RC at para 57.

As the Husband has no intention of selling the home but instead wishes to
resume staying there with the children, whether the Husband would receive a
windfall from the sale of the matrimonial home is purely theoretical. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

RC at para 60iv.

As for the valuation of the matrimonial home, the Husband contends that the
Wife had agreed in her third and final Joint Summary and at the AM hearing on
the valuation of the matrimonial home, and the valuation is supported by Urban
Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) sale transactions data involving similar
properties. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

RC at para 58.

That valuation should not be disturbed as there is an interest in the finality
of court proceedings.

Analysis

69 As explained in Fong Wai Har v Seah Boon Chai and another [2016] SGHCF 4 at
[4], under s 112 of the Women’s Charter, the court aims to reach a just and
equitable division of the matrimonial assets in the light of all the
circumstances of the case, particularly the factors enumerated in s 112(2) of
the Women’s Charter and “the court decides on the most practical and fair way
for each party to obtain the portion of assets determined to be their just and
equitable share”. Section 112(2)(c) of the Women’s Charter expressly provides
that it is the duty of the court to have regard to “the needs of the children
… of the marriage” in exercising its powers of division. The courts have
ordered the matrimonial home to be retained by the party having care and
control of the children in past cases. In Tham Khai Meng v Nam Wen Jet
Bernadette [1997] 1 SLR(R) 336 (“Tham Khai Meng”) at [38]–[39], the Court of
Appeal reasoned that the needs of the young children, aged ten and eight, was
an important consideration and found that the house should not be sold but be
transferred to the wife so that she and the children would have a roof over
their heads. Tham Khai Meng’s case was cited with approval by the Court of
Appeal in ANJ v ANK at [48]. In Koo Shirley v Mok Kong Chua Kenneth [1989] 1
SLR(R) 244 (“Koo Shirley”) at [27], the High Court similarly ordered the
husband to transfer all his interest in the matrimonial property, and the wife
to forego all her claims on the other assets, so as to give the wife and
children a permanent roof over their heads and afford them some security.

70 In this case, the learned DJ made the order with a view to the Husband and
children moving back to the matrimonial home after the Wife transfers her
share to the Husband. This is evident from her order that the expense
attributable to the children for the rental apartment that they share with the
Husband should be excluded from the amount of maintenance payable by the Wife
at such time the matrimonial home was handed over by the Wife to the Husband,
157

##### Foot Note 157

×

ROA Vol 1 at pp 89–90 and 101–102.

since the children would not incur such rental expenses after moving back to
the matrimonial home. This manner of division is well within the learned DJ’s
discretion.

71 As regards the Wife’s contentions about the relative volatility of her
assets and the change in the value of the matrimonial home, it would not be
principled for the court to re-assess the division as the values of the assets
shift. Unless there are special circumstances or compelling reasons, the mere
change in the value of an asset between the date of the ancillary orders and
that of the hearing of the appeal per se should not be a ground to revisit the
division made by the court below: ATT v ATS [2012] 2 SLR 859 at [25]. Here, no
special circumstances or compelling reasons are provided to justify a review
of the division ordered by the learned DJ on account of changes in the
valuation of the matrimonial assets.

72 Further, in relation to the matrimonial home, the value was agreed at the
AM hearing before the learned DJ, 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 13.

and stated in the third and final Joint Summary signed by both parties’
solicitors. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 161.

The method of valuation agreed upon by both the Husband and the Wife was to
use the average of transaction values from June to September 2021 (ie. agreed
dates that were close to the date of the AM hearing) in relation to similar
properties, 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

ROA Vol 3D at p 161.

in a manner that accorded with well-established principles (BPC v BPB and
another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 608 at [49]). In addition, given that the Husband
and children will be moving back to the matrimonial home, there is no reason
for the court to order a re-valuation of the matrimonial home or to prefer any
particular date over the AM hearing date to account for changes in the value
of the property. It is a given that assets are susceptible to fluctuations in
value over time. It cannot be the case that the valuations of the matrimonial
properties have to be revisited on appeal just because one party asserts that
the values of some of the properties have risen or fallen.

73 I also do not accept the Wife’s argument that the court should only order
the division of the matrimonial assets according to a certain ratio but should
not make pronouncements as to how the parties should divide the assets, or
that the parties should be left to work out the mechanics of the division
themselves. In a case such as this, where the parties have demonstrated that
they have difficulties in coming to an agreement, such an arrangement will
likely result in even more protracted litigation.

74 To summarise, I find no basis to disturb the learned DJ’s orders in respect
of the manner of division. I will, however, have to make revisions to the sum
the Husband must refund into the Wife’s CPF account when the matrimonial home
is transferred to him, in the light of the variation in the pool of
matrimonial assets. The revised calculation, with the revisions relative to
the learned DJ’s calculations 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 87.

marked out in italicised font, is as follows:

(a) Husband’s share of matrimonial home:

(i) $1,907,412.93 x 55% = $1,049,077.11

(ii) $1,049,077.11 \- $419,250.60 = $629,826.51

(b) Wife’s share of matrimonial home:

(i) $1,907,412.93 x 45% = $858,335.82

(ii) $858,335.82 \- $744,116.78 = $114,219.04

75 Accordingly, the Wife is ordered to transfer her share and interest in the
matrimonial home, free from encumbrances, and deliver vacant possession of the
matrimonial home, to the Husband within three months of this judgment. The
Husband is ordered to pay into the Wife’s CPF account a sum of $114,219.04,
being part of the CPF refund. As ordered by the learned DJ, the Husband is
also to repay the loan taken from his parents to finance the purchase of the
matrimonial home from his share of the matrimonial assets.

76 An issue that has not been raised as a matter for appeal, concerning which
party ought to bear the recurrent payments such as the mortgage and other
outgoings of the matrimonial home after the orders for ancillary matters were
made by the learned DJ, arose after the hearing of the appeal. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Appellant’s Further Submissions dated 15 December 2022 (“AFS”) at paras 20–23.

The parties should address the court and make full submissions with reference
to the relevant authorities and the facts of this case if they are still
unable to resolve the issue when they settle the accounts after the delivery
of this judgment. I give the parties liberty to apply.

Maintenance for the children

77 I turn finally to the issue of maintenance for the children.

Decision below

78 The learned DJ determined the monthly expenses of the elder child to be
$4,450 (including rent) and $3,250 (excluding rent) and that of the younger
child to be $4,290 (including rent) and $3,090 (excluding rent). 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 96.

The learned DJ determined that parties were to share the expenses in
proportion to their earnings, which was 55 (Husband) : 45 (Wife). 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 97.

She thus ordered the Wife to pay to the Husband maintenance for the two
children as follows: for the elder child, $2,000 prior to handover of the
matrimonial home and $1,460 after handover; for the younger child, $1,930
prior to handover of the matrimonial home and $1,390 after handover. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

ROA Vol 1 at p 107.

Parties’ cases on appeal

79 The Wife argues that she should pay maintenance of only $858.61 and $824.44
for the older and younger child respectively, with a total of $1,683.05 for
the maintenance of the two children. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

AC at para 94.

She contends that the learned DJ erred in using the parties’ average annual
income from 2019 to 2021 in determining maintenance. Instead, she argues that
the parties’ basic salaries should be used. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

AC at para 80.

Based on the basic salaries of the parties, the ratio for sharing the
children’s expenses should be 33.5 : 66.5, with the Husband to bear the larger
share. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

AC at paras 80–83.

Moreover, the Husband has a property in France that could be rented out, and
that should be factored in to determine the Husband’s ability to provide for
the children. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

AC at paras 77–79.

80 The Wife also argues that the learned DJ erred when considering certain
expenses expected to be incurred by the children. Firstly, the Wife asserts
that the learned DJ erred in determining the expenses for the children’s
tuition and extracurricular activities (being $412 and $414 per month for the
elder and younger child respectively). Instead, she seeks an order that the
parties are to discuss and agree on the children’s enrolment in tuition and
extracurricular activities, and the parties will bear the expenses in the
ordered ratio for the children’s maintenance. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

AC at paras 85–87.

Secondly, the Wife argues that the learned DJ erred in including expenses for
medical and life insurance (being $277 and $215 per month for the elder and
younger child respectively). She submits that there are no documents to prove
that the children have any such insurance and the inclusion of “life
insurance” suggested that the beneficiary of the policies is the Husband such
that it would not be appropriate to make the Wife contribute to the policies.
171

##### Foot Note 171

×

AC at paras 89–92.

81 The Husband in reply contends that the children’s previous standard of
living, prior to the breakdown of the marriage, is relevant in determining
maintenance, and such a standard of living would necessitate higher
maintenance payments. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

RC at paras 74 and 81.

The expenses to be incurred for the children’s activities, such as tuition and
extra-curricular activities, are reasonable and will continue to be incurred
for the foreseeable future. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

RC at para 91.

The Husband adds that the Wife had submitted higher figures in relation to the
children’s expenses in earlier proceedings when she was still asking for care
and control of the children but lower figures after she conceded that the
Husband should get care and control of the children. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

RC at paras 75–77.

82 In relation to the parties’ financial resources, the Husband asserts that
he had disclosed ample information about the poor state of his French
property, which demonstrated that the Husband was unable to get rental income
from the property. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

RC at para 82.

Moreover, the Wife has failed to consider her significant financial resources
and income when considering her own ability to contribute in terms of
maintenance payments for the children. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

RC at paras 83–85.

The Husband contends that even if the Wife’s bonuses and commissions
fluctuate, such income should be taken into account when considering
maintenance, and any changes in the Wife’s personal circumstances can be dealt
with in an application for variation of maintenance. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

RC at para 86.

Analysis

83 I first consider whether the amount of maintenance ordered by the learned
DJ is reasonable. Going by what the Wife had asked for the maintenance of the
children before the Husband was granted sole care and control, I do not find
the learned DJ’s assessment of the maintenance required by the children to be
unreasonable. In this regard, I note the following observations made by the
learned DJ in her Grounds of Decision: 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

ROA Vol 1 pp 96–97.

It is also worth noting that the Defendant's position on the children's
expenses varied drastically. In her OSG [Originating Summons (Guardianship of
infant)] application where she was contesting the issue of care and control,
she had indicated that the children’s reasonable expenses were $4,818 and
$4,766 respectively on the assumption that the children were living with her.
Now however where she has consented to granting care and control of the
children to the Father, she takes a revised position that the children’s
expenses including domestic helper but excluding household expenses should
only amount to approximately $2,000 each. When questioned about the disparity
in positions, the Wife’s response was that this is her assessment of what the
children actually need and in the OSG application, that was the position she
was taking in pleadings …

84 The Wife contends that her previous claims for maintenance for the children
must be understood in the context of her seeking maintenance from the Husband
who was consistently earning more than $18,000 per month. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

AFS at para 14.

Someone in her shoes earning less “would naturally request for a higher
figure” and that “just because care and control was awarded to the Husband
does not mean that the same figure should be applied the other way around”.
180

##### Foot Note 180

×

AFS at para 14.

I am unable to agree with the Wife. In determining the maintenance that a
child requires, the court will consider the needs of the child and the child’s
standard of living. This will be objectively assessed and should not vary
simply based on who is paying for the maintenance. I find no reason to disturb
the learned DJ’s assessment of the maintenance required by the children.

85 In relation to how much each parent should contribute to the maintenance
that has been assessed by the court, the law is clear that each parent is
equally responsible for maintaining their child or children, and the court may
order one parent to bear more of the maintenance in cases where both parents
are unable to contribute equally. I refer to the oft-cited passage in TBC v
TBD [2015] 4 SLR 59 (“TBC”) at [27], which provides useful guidance:

… Each parent stands in the same parent-child relationship with the child or
children and each parent has the duty to maintain the child or children.
Against that backdrop, the starting point should be that the parents bear the
financial burden equally. One parent’s burden should not be decreased just
because the other parent is wealthier, and one parent’s burden should not be
increased just because the other parent is less well off. However, this should
not be an inflexible rule; if one parent is unable to contribute equally with
the other parent, then that parent should contribute what he or she can, and
the other parent should make up the shortfall, so that the child will receive
the full measure of maintenance. The norm should not be that parents
contribute in proportion to their means because that will place unequal
burdens on them for no good reason.

86 I turn to consider the ratio in which the learned DJ ordered the parties to
bear the children’s expenses with these principles in mind.

87 I first note that the learned DJ did not order the parties to make equal
contributions to the maintenance of the children even though both parties are
high income earners. She ordered the parties to contribute in the proportion
of their average annual income, which was 55 (Husband) : 45 (Wife). The Wife
is still dissatisfied because the learned DJ arrived at the proportion of the
parties’ earnings using their average annual income as opposed to their
average annual basic income, which would yield a ratio of 66.5 (Husband) :
33.5 (Wife). It is clear from the evidence that a significant portion of the
Wife’s income accrued from commissions and bonuses. As these commissions and
bonuses constitute part of the Wife’s financial resources, they should be
considered when determining her ability to contribute to the maintenance for
the children. There is no principled reason why commissions and bonuses should
not be treated as income.

88 In relation to the Husband’s property in France, I first note that the
Husband has provided some evidence showing that the property is “neither
marketable nor tenantable”. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

ROA Vol 3A at pp 136–137; ROA Vol 3C at p 56.

The Husband refers to his voluntary discovery and interrogatories affidavit
dated 7 April 2021, where, the Husband submits, he had detailed the dire state
of disrepair of the property. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

RC at para 82; Husband’s affidavit dated 7 April 2021 at paras 6–8 and Tabs
27–28.

Secondly, and more importantly, having regard to the sum of maintenance
ordered and the parties’ significant financial resources, I do not consider
that any potential rent from the property in France would have a significant
impact on the learned DJ’s decision as to how much of the children’s expenses
each party should be expected to bear. Thirdly, the Wife has other assets
which may be analogised to the Husband’s French property, and which had not
been considered when calibrating the Wife’s ability to pay maintenance. For
instance, there is some evidence that the Wife has assets in Malaysia that are
not part of the matrimonial pool. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

ROA Vol 3A at p 23; RC at para 83.

The Wife’s personal assets have also increased now as a result of the
revisions made earlier in this judgment to exclude some of the Wife’s assets
from the matrimonial pool. As a matter of parity, if the Husband’s French
property is considered in determining his maintenance contributions, then the
Wife’s personal assets should also be factored in. Therefore, even if the
Husband’s French property could be rented out, I am not satisfied that this
would increase the financial resources of the Husband, relative to the Wife’s,
to such an extent that the learned DJ’s decision on maintenance for the
children should be disturbed.

89 I will next deal with the specific items disputed by the Wife, namely, the
expenses related to the tuition and extracurricular classes, and the insurance
coverage.

90 As regards the Wife’s argument on the tuition and extracurricular expenses,
I find that she has not shown how the learned DJ has erred. I note that the
Wife acknowledges that tuition and extracurricular activities serve the
function of “educating and equipping the children to ensure that they are
future-ready”. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

AC at para 86.

The expenses for the children’s tuition and extracurricular activities fixed
by the learned DJ are not excessive in the circumstances of this case. As for
the Wife’s contention that the parties should first agree on specific tuition
activities and that she would then contribute 33.5% for the agreed activities,
I am not persuaded that the arrangement is practical given the acrimony
between the parties. There comes a point when a court-imposed requirement for
consultation and agreement on smaller details in day-to-day life may lead to
unnecessary friction or even deadlock. There is, in any event, nothing in the
learned DJ’s order to stop the Husband and the Wife from discussing the types
of tuition and extracurricular activities that the children might be enrolled
in as their needs and interests evolve.

91 Finally, in respect of the Wife’s argument on the children’s medical and
life insurance policies, I find the insurance coverage for the children to be
a reasonable expense and the amounts are also reasonable. The expenses for the
children’s insurance coverage as fixed by the learned DJ is also commensurate
with the Wife’s own estimates in the affidavits that she filed for the
Originating Summons (Guardianship of infant) hearing. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Wife’s Affidavit dated 27 February 2020 at pp 44 and 49; Wife’s Affidavit
dated 2 July 2020 at pp 283 and 285; ROA Vol 1 at pp 92 and 95.

The learned DJ is therefore not wrong to have allowed them. I note that the
Husband has since provided details of the children’s medical and life
insurance policies to the Wife. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Respondent’s Further Written Submissions dated 15 December 2022 at Annex B.

92 For the above reasons, I decline to disturb the learned DJ’s orders on
maintenance for the children.

Conclusion and orders made

93 I summarise my orders as follows:

(a) The learned DJ’s decision in respect of Items 1 to 10 in Table 1 remains
undisturbed, save that Items 1, 4 and 5 are to be excluded from the pool of
matrimonial assets.

(b) The final ratio for division of the pool of matrimonial assets remains as
55 : 45 in favour of the Husband.

(c) The Husband is to retain the matrimonial home on the terms ordered by the
learned DJ in relation to the division of matrimonial assets, 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

FC/ORC 1571/2022.

save that –

(i) the Wife is to transfer (other than by way of sale) her share and interest
in the matrimonial home, free from encumbrances, and deliver vacant possession
of the matrimonial home, to the Husband within three months of this judgment;

(ii) The Husband is to pay into the Wife’s CPF account a sum of $114,219.04,
being part of the CPF refund.

(d) The orders of the learned DJ for the maintenance of the children are to
stand.

94 I urge the parties to start working together on the issues that they may
face to bring closure to this chapter of their lives, including the issue of
costs of this appeal. I hope that the parties can come to an amicable
resolution but will hear the parties separately on the issue of costs if they
are unable to come to an agreement.

Teh Hwee Hwee  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Lee Ming Hui Kelvin and Ong Xin Ying Samantha (WNLEX LLC) for the appellant;

Poonam Lachman Mirchandani and Chugani Ashok Kan (Mirchandani & Partners) for
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 06 Mar 2023 (18:04 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

