Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL COURT

  

of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC(I) 5

Suit No 9 of 2021

Between

| Roll SG Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Cong Ty Co Phan Van Tai Lien Hiep Huy Hoang  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

Judgment

[Contract — Breach — Rental agreement]

[Contract — Remedies — Damages]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Roll SG Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Cong Ty Co Phan Van Tai Lien Hiep Huy Hoang

[2023] SGHC(I) 5

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 9 of 2021  
Anselmo Reyes IJ  
12 January, 24 February 2023

25 April 2023 Judgment reserved.

Introduction

1 The dispute arises out of several crane rental agreements (collectively, the
“Contract”) between the plaintiff, Roll SG Pte. Ltd. (“Roll”), and the
defendant, Cong Ty Co Phan Van Tai Lien Hiep Huy Hoang (“HTL”). Under the
Contract, Roll agreed to lease to HTL a CC6800 crawler crane (the “Crane”).
The Crane was to be used for HTL’s construction and installation works at the
Tra Vinh Wind Farm Offshore Project (the “Project”) in the Mekong Delta of
Vietnam. On 2 November 2020, the Crane was severely damaged while being
transported by HTL.

2 Roll seeks damages against HTL for breach of the Contract. More
specifically, Roll claims the cost of repairing the Crane, unpaid invoices for
the rental and demobilisation of the Crane, and late payment interest. Roll
contends that it is entitled to damages of €5,108,764.93, US$1,215,844.13 and
S$96,641.60 in respect of the repair and return of the crane, plus outstanding
sums relating to the rental of the crane and late payment interest amounting
to at least US$3,982,351.60. In correspondence, HTL denied the Singapore
International Commercial Court’s (“SICC”) jurisdiction to hear this case and
has not appeared to defend the action. HTL has not stated why it contends that
the SICC lacks jurisdiction to hear this case.

3 The main issues that I have to determine in this dispute are:

(a) Does the SICC has jurisdiction over the parties’ dispute?

(b) Did HTL breach the Contract by failing to repair the Crane and return it
in good condition to Roll?

(c) Did HTL breach the Contract by failing to pay outstanding invoices for the
rental and demobilisation of the Crane?

(d) Is Roll entitled to late payment interest for sums outstanding on Roll’s
unpaid invoices?

(e) If Roll is entitled to damages, what is the quantum of the same?

(f) How should the costs of this action be dealt with?

Background

The parties

4 Roll is a Singapore company and a subsidiary of the Roll Group. The Roll
Group rents out heavy lifting equipment, particularly for construction and
installation applications in the energy industry, among other business.

5 HTL is a Vietnamese company. It provides logistics, transportation,
equipment installation, and construction services in Vietnam, especially for
offshore wind turbine projects off the Vietnamese coast.

The Contract and its performance

6 On 30 March 2020, Ms Bach Mai Huynh (“Ms Mai”) of HTL wrote to Mr Tan See
Ann Gilbert (“Mr Tan”) of Roll, enquiring about the possibility of renting a
CC6800 crawler crane for HTL’s use on the Project. Roll had leased the Crane
from P. van Adrighem B.V (“PVA”), a Dutch company.

7 Following months of negotiation, Roll and HTL entered into a rental
agreement on 12 May 2020 (the “1st Rental Agreement”). Under the 1st Rental
Agreement, Roll would lease the Crane to HTL for a minimum period of nine
months from 15 August 2020 to 15 May 2021.

8 Sometime in June 2020, to assist HTL’s bank financing application, the
parties agreed to split the nine months rental period into two separate
periods: first, a four-month rental agreement from 15 August to 14 December
2020 (the “2nd Rental Agreement”) and second, a five-month rental agreement
from 15 December 2020 to 14 May 2021 (the “3rd Rental Agreement”). The 1st,
2nd and 3rd Rental Agreements expressly incorporated the Roll Group’s Standard
Terms and Conditions (the “Standard T&Cs”) and Special Terms and Conditions
(the “Special T&Cs”). Apart from the rental periods, the material terms of the
three agreements are identical. The Rental Agreements collectively comprise
the Contract.

9 The material terms of the Contract were as follows:

(a) Roll would lease the Crane to HTL from 15 August 2020 to 15 May 2021. In
return, HTL would pay Roll a monthly rental of US$175,000 for the Crane,
together with a one-off payment of US$75,000 for the demobilisation of the
Crane (collectively, the “Payment Obligation Clauses”).

(b) HTL was responsible for returning the Crane to Roll undamaged. If the
Crane was damaged during the rental period, HTL would rectify the damage and
be responsible for all costs associated with the repair of the Crane and its
return to Roll (collectively, the “Damage Rectification Clauses”).

(c) HTL would pay Roll default interest, in the event of delay in paying
Roll’s invoices, at a rate of 1.5% per month, accruing from the due date of
each invoice.

(d) Disputes under the Contract were to be referred exclusively to the
Singapore Court.

10 On or around 22 to 23 August 2020, Roll delivered the Crane to HTL at Cai
Mep Port in Vietnam. The document certifying the handover of the Crane by Roll
to HTL (the “Handover Document”) stated that “no physical damages were
detected, and all the crane parts are received in good condition”.

11 On 28 September 2020, PVI Insurance Corporation (“PVI Insurance”) issued a
Domestic Transport Insurance (Certificate No. 20/25/01/VCND/P00154) for the
Crane. The PVI Insurance policy required HTL to properly sea-fasten the Crane
and procure a Certificate of Approval from a Marine Warranty Surveyor prior to
the Crane being towed to the Tra Vinh Wind Farm. A breach of this condition
would lead to the PVI Insurance policy being invalidated.

12 In October 2020, HTL transported the Crane from Cai Mep Port to Long Anh
International Port (“Long Anh Port”). The Crane was assembled by HTL at Long
Anh Port before being towed by sea to the Tra Vinh Wind Farm on 2 November
2020.

13 On 2 November 2020, the Crane was severely damaged while being towed to the
Tra Vinh Wind Farm.

14 On 4 November 2020, Crawford & Company (Nederland) B.V. (“Crawford”) was
engaged to investigate the incident and prepare a report on the cause, nature,
and extent of the damage to the Crane as well as the cost of recovering and
repairing the Crane. Reports were prepared based on inspections of the Crane
from 4 November 2020 to 29 June 2021.

15 On 25 November 2020, PVI Insurance rejected HTL’s claim for insurance on
the ground that “the sea fastening of Dolly was not completed prior to the
intended towage of the barge” and “there was no Marine Warranty Surveyor
(MWS)’s Certificate of Approval for the towage from Long An International Port
to Tra Vinh Windfarm project site ... [This] is a non- compliance to the
Warranted Conditions of the Policy, or in other words ‘Breach of Warranty’”.
On or about 26 November 2020, through emails passing between Mr Tan and Ms
Mai, Roll learned that PVI Insurance had rejected HTL’s claim.

16 From November 2020 to March 2021, Roll repeatedly requested that HTL repair
and return the Crane in compliance with its obligations under the Contract.
HTL did not do so, apparently because it was in a disagreement with its main
contractor, Vestas Wind Technology (Vietnam) LLC (“Vestas”), over the damage
to the Crane. Vestas was a wind turbine construction and installation company
which had subcontracted part of the construction work on the Tra Vinh Wind
Farm to HTL.

17 Eventually, on 6 to 7 February 2021, HTL brought the Crane down from the
inverted V-position which it had been in since 2 November 2020. However, HTL
refused to remove the Crane from Vestas’ barge. In late March 2021, Vestas
arranged for the Crane to be dismantled and removed from its barge and
transported to PV Shipyard in Vietnam.

18 On 29 March 2021, HTL sent a letter to Roll (“HTL’s 29 March 2021 Letter”),
which stated:

As you are aware, we have not had use of the crane for the purpose we hired
the said crane, as a result of extensive damage that was caused to the crane
during transit from Long An International Port to Tra Vinh Windfarm Project
Work Site, S.R. Vietnam. The said damage was caused by the acts, neglect and
omissions on the part of a third party, that is, Vestas Wind Technology
(Vietnam) LLC, who were in control of and managed the transfer of the crane to
the work site.

As a result of the said damage, we have been deprived of the use of the crane,
and as far as we are concerned, the agreement for the use of the crane came to
an end on 2 November 2020.

As you are aware, Vestas have now unilaterally moved the crane from site to
the PV shipyard in Vung Tau, for purposes only known to them. We do not have
knowledge of how the move was undertaken, what the actual condition of the
crane was prior to and after the move, and whether the crane has been further
damaged during the move. If your good company is minded to retrieve the crane,
we would ask that your good company liaise directly with Vestas, who are well
aware that you are the owner of the crane.

In the meantime, we reserve all our rights in this matter and place you on
notice that we will be seeking to recover the sums paid by way of rental from
2 November 2020, as we did not have the use of the crane from this date.

19 On 6 April 2021, Roll’s Vietnam and Singapore solicitors sent a letter in
response to HTL’s 29 March 2021 Letter (“Roll’s 6 April 2021 Letter”). The
letter asserted that HTL had breached the Contract by failing to return the
Crane to Roll undamaged and by failing to rectify the damage to the Crane. It
also rejected HTL’s position in HTL’s 29 March 2021 Letter.

20 Following Roll’s 6 April 2021 Letter, HTL and Roll continued to exchange
email correspondence. On 18 May 2021, Ms Mai emailed Mr Tan stating:

We acknowledge our obligation of redelivery this crane [sic] to Roll as
stipulated in the Rental Agreement. Though, we're still trying to survive
through this crisis with Vestas while putting our last coins into the early
stages of delivering our new projects which we expect to harvest at the end of
this year. Thus, we're seeking for Roll's support to pay upfront the load-out
cost at PV Shipyard as a part of your kind action to mitigate loss that you've
been doing ever since the incident happened. This cost, together with the
overdue payments, shall be paid to Roll when HTL collects revenue from its on-
going projects.

21 On 29 June 2021, following an inspection of the Crane by a Vietnamese
surveyor (Vietnam International Adjuster) in the presence of HTL and Roll, the
Crane was loaded onto a barge and shipped out of Vietnam.

22 On about 25 September 2021, the Crane arrived at PVA’s premises in
Vlaardingen, The Netherlands. It underwent inspection, testing and repairs.
The Crane was fully repaired and returned to PVA in good condition on 31
August 2022.

23 During the period from February 2021 until August 2022, invoices were
issued by Roll to HTL for the rental of the Crane at US$175,000 per month.
Invoice No. 20210035 was also issued by Roll on 14 July 2021 for the
demobilisation of the Crane, in the sum of US$75,000. HTL has not paid these
invoices.

Background to HTL’s jurisdictional challenge

24 On 8 September 2021, Roll filed its Writ of Summons and Statement of Claim,
thereby commencing these proceedings (“SIC 9”) in the SICC against HTL.

25 On 9 February 2022, following several attempts at service on HTL in Vietnam
and an application by Roll for substituted service, Roll effected substituted
service of the SIC 9 cause papers on HTL.

26 On 18 February 2022, HTL’s Vietnam lawyers (Global Vietnam Lawyers (“GVL”))
sent a letter to Roll (“18 February 2022 Letter”) in which GVL confirmed
receipt of the SIC 9 cause papers but rejected the SICC’s jurisdiction over
the matter as follows:

We, Global Vietnam Lawyers Law Co., Ltd ... act for Cong Ty Co Phan Van Tai
Lien Hiep Huy Hoang.

We write with reference to the Singapore International Commercial Court
(“SICC”) action, SIC/S 9/2021 which your clients, Roll SG Pte Ltd, have
commenced against our clients. Our clients reject the jurisdiction of the SICC
to adjudicate this matter. Consequently, service of the writ on our clients is
rejected and all our clients’ rights are expressly reserved.

If your clients proceed with the SICC action, this notice to you will be drawn
to the attention of the appropriate court in Vietnam, and we will at such time
demand that all costs associated therewith be paid by your clients.

27 On 15 April 2022, Drew & Napier LLC (“DN”) (Roll’s Singapore lawyers)
informed the court that Roll would be filing an application requesting for all
matters relating to its claim in SIC 9 to be dealt with on the merits. The
grounds for this application were that obtaining a default or interlocutory
judgment as a result of HTL’s failure to enter an appearance in SIC 9 ran the
risk of being unenforceable against HTL in Vietnam. On 25 April 2022, DN sent
HTL a copy of its letter to court of 15 April 2022.

28 On 11 May 2022, HTL, through its Vietnam lawyers (GVL) sent a further
letter to Roll in which it reiterated its rejection of the SICC’s
jurisdiction:

We, Global Vietnam Lawyers Law Co., Ltd, are acting for our client, Cong Ty Co
Phan Van Tai Lien Hiep Huy Hoang.

On 18 February 2022, we sent a letter to you to inform the clear rejection of
our client to the jurisdiction of the Singapore International Commercial Court
(“SICC”) to adjudicate the action, SIC/S 9/2021 which your clients, Roll SG
Pte Ltd, have commenced against our client (“Matter”).

For avoidance of any doubt, by this letter, we once again confirm that our
client continues to reject the judisdiction [sic] of SICC to adjudicate the
Matter and the validity of the correspondence being sent by Drew & Napier LLC
on behalf of Roll SG Pte Ltd.

If your client insists on proceeding with the Action, this letter will be
drawn to the attention of the appropriate court in Vietnam, and we will at
such time demand that all costs associated therewith be paid by your clients.
…

29 On 13 May 2022, Roll filed its application in SIC/SUM 23/2022 (“SUM 23”),
for an order that SIC 9 proceed to trial for the purposes of obtaining a
judgment on the merits of the action disposing of all the issues in the case,
including an assessment of damages (if any).

30 On 23 May 2022, DN sent a copy of SUM 23 to HTL. DN also wrote to GVL,
explaining Roll’s basis for asserting that the SICC has jurisdiction over SIC
9 (“DN’s 23 May 2022 Letter”). In its Letter, DN stated that “should [HTL]
continue to take the position that the SICC does not have jurisdiction to
adjudicate SIC 9, we invite [HTL] to explain the basis of its position, and to
directly submit its objection to the SICC”. No response was received from HTL
or GVL to DN’s 23 May 2022 Letter.

31 On 23 June 2022, this court heard SUM 23 and directed that SIC 9 proceed to
trial.

32 By letter dated 5 July 2022 (“DN’s 5 July Letter”), DN duly wrote to HTL
regarding the outcome of SUM 23 as follows:

[W]e refer to ... the letters exchanged between us and your Vietnamese
solicitors, pertaining to the matter of the SICC’s jurisdiction. During the
Hearing, Justice Reyes took note of your objection to the jurisdiction of the
SICC but stated that the Court was unclear as to the basis of your objections.
Accordingly, we have been directed by Justice Reyes to request that you
provide the Court with the grounds of your objection to the jurisdiction of
the SICC. To that end, we invite you to communicate the grounds of your
jurisdictional objections either to us or to the SICC directly, as soon as
possible.

33 HTL did not respond to DN’s 5 July 2022 Letter. In particular, HTL did not
clarify the bases of its jurisdictional objection.

34 On 20 July 2022, following a Case Management Conference, this court
rendered SIC/ORC 51/2022 (“ORC 51”) in which the timelines for the trial of
SIC 9 were fixed. In ORC 51, this court ordered that:

(a) Roll was to write again to HTL by 25 July 2022 to request that HTL provide
the court with the grounds of its objections to the jurisdiction of the SICC;
and

(b) HTL was to “provide the Court with the grounds of its objections to the
jurisdiction of the SICC (if any) by 30 August 2022”.

35 By letter and email dated 25 July 2022, DN sent a copy of ORC 51 to HTL.
Neither HTL nor GVL responded to DN’s 25 July 2022 letter and email. HTL
consequently failed to provide details of its jurisdictional objection by the
deadline of 30 August 2022 or any time thereafter.

36 On 24 November 2022, this court extended the deadline for filing and
exchange of affidavits of evidence-in-chief to 2 December 2022.

37 On 8 December 2022, this court granted leave for Mr Michael Alexander
Schaap (a Director of Roll) (“Mr Schaap”) and Mr Alfred Kommers (Executive
General Adjuster with Crawford) (“Mr Kommers”) to give evidence by video link
from The Netherlands at the trial of SIC 9.

38 On 12 January 2023, the hearing for the Suit took place. Mr Tan (Roll’s
Business Development Director), Mr Schaap, and Mr Kommers gave evidence on
Roll’s behalf. HTL neither appeared in court nor filed any application under O
12 r 7(1) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”) (which govern these
proceedings) challenging the SICC’s jurisdiction. It should be noted that, in
the event, Mr Schaap gave evidence in person and only Mr Kommers gave evidence
by video link.

Discussion

Issue 1: Whether the SICC has jurisdiction over the dispute

39 The Contract expressly incorporates the Standard T&Cs. Clause 17.2 of the
Standard T&Cs is an exclusive jurisdiction agreement in favour of the
Singapore Courts (the “Singapore Jurisdiction Clause”) in the following terms:

All disputes arising in connection with the Contract or subsequent contracts
resulting therefrom, including disputes relating to the existence, validity
and/or termination thereof, will be referred exclusively to the Court of
Singapore.

40 It might be suggested by HTL that the Singapore Jurisdiction Clause only
confers jurisdiction on a “Court of Singapore” and does not go so far as to
confer jurisdiction on the SICC.

41 However, the court would disagree with such contention.

42 First, Section 18A of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (Cap 322)
(the “SCJA”) expressly states that the SICC is a division of the General
Division of the Singapore High Court. O 110 r 1(2)(ca) of the ROC 2014 further
provides that: “where an agreement to submit to the jurisdiction of the High
Court is concluded on or after 1 October 2016, the agreement is to be
construed as including an agreement to submit to the jurisdiction of the Court
(ie, the SICC), unless a contrary intention appears in the agreement.” Here,
the 1st Rental Agreement was signed in May 2020 and the 2nd and 3rd Rental
Agreements were signed in July 2020. The Singapore Jurisdiction Clause does
not contain any words indicating a contrary intention. Accordingly, the SICC
has jurisdiction pursuant to Section 18A of the SCJA.

43 Second, pursuant to Section 18D of the SCJA read with O 110 r 7(1) of the
ROC 2014, the SICC has jurisdiction to hear and try any action which satisfies
the following conditions:

(a) the action is international and commercial in nature;

(b) the action is one that the General Division of the Singapore High Court
may hear and try in its original civil jurisdiction; and

(c) the parties to the action do not seek any relief relating to a prerogative
order (including a mandatory order, a prohibiting order, a quashing order or
an order for review of detention).

44 On the first limb, Roll’s action is “international” in nature under O 110 r
1(2)(a)(i) of the ROC 2014. This is because Roll’s place of business is
Singapore and HTL’s place of business is Vietnam so that “the parties to the
claim have their places of business in different States”.

45 Roll’s action is “commercial” in nature under O 110 r 1(2)(b)(i) of the ROC
2014, as: “the subject matter of the claim arises from a relationship of a
commercial nature, whether contractual or not, including (but not limited to)
... (A) any trade transaction for the supply ... of goods or services ...
[and] (E) construction works”. The Contract is a commercial contract for the
supply of a Crane on a rental basis for HTL’s use in its construction and
installation works on the Project.

46 On the second limb, under s 16(1)(a)(ii) of the SCJA, the General Division
of the High Court of Singapore has civil jurisdiction to hear and try any
action in personam where the defendant is served with a writ of summons
“outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court”. Roll duly served the SIC 9 cause papers on HTL
by substituted service on 9 February 2022. As such, this requirement is also
satisfied.

47 On the third limb, Roll is not seeking any relief relating to a prerogative
order. Instead, Roll merely seeks for an award of damages arising out of HTL’s
breach of the Contract.

48 Therefore, the SICC also has jurisdiction pursuant to section 18D of the
SCJA read with O 110 r 7(1) of the ROC 2014.

49 On this issue, the court determines that the SICC has jurisdiction pursuant
to s 18A of the SCJA, as well as pursuant to s 18D of the SCJA read with O 110
r 7(1) of the ROC 2014.

Issue 2: Whether HTL breached the terms of the Contract by failing to repair
the Crane and return it in good condition to Roll

Background

50 Clause 1.4 of the Special T&Cs provides:

When it is delivered, the [Crane] will function properly, be well maintained,
in good working order and free from defects.

51 Clause 1.5 of the Special T&Cs provides:

[HTL] is obliged to inspect the state and condition of the [Crane] upon
delivery. If the [Crane] does not meet the requirements set out in paragraph
1.4, [HTL] must inform [Roll] accordingly in writing immediately upon receipt
of the [Crane], failing which [HTL] will be deemed to have received the
[Crane] in the state and condition described in paragraph 1.4.

52 Clause 1.7 of the Special T&Cs states:

[HTL] must take good care of the [Crane] and use the [Crane] with due care.
[HTL] is responsible and liable to [Roll] for all defects and/or damage caused
to the [Crane] during the Hire and Project Period.

53 HTL’s liability in the event of damage to the Crane is further clarified by
cl 1.9 of the Special T&Cs:

If repairs ... are necessitated by acts, omissions or improper use by or on
behalf of [HTL], the costs associated with such repairs ... including (without
limitation) the costs of labour, materials, transport and travelling expenses,
will be payable by the [HTL].

54 The Contract also specifies that it is HTL’s responsibility to ensure that
the Crane is repaired and in a good condition prior to its return to Roll.
Clause 1.10 of the Special T&Cs states:

The [Crane] must be returned clean, undamaged and in the same state and
condition as it was when received.

55 Similarly, page 3 of the Rental Agreements stipulates: “On return [of the
Crane] the surveyor will be engage[d] again to ascertain the crane condition,
[and] any damages or defaults arising from [the] rental period will have to be
rectified by [HTL] prior to handover.”

56 Further, cll 2.2 to 2.4 of the Special T&Cs provides for the liability when
HTL’s personnel operate the Crane. Clause 2.2 states:

If [HTL] provides personnel to operate the [Crane], [HTL] must ensure that the
personnel it assigns and/or hires to operate the [Crane] has all the
expertise, qualifications and skills required to perform the work with the
[Crane]. [HTL] is fully responsible for the Personnel it assigns to operate
the [Crane].

57 Clause 2.3 of the Special T&Cs states:

[HTL] will be fully responsible and liable for and fully indemnifies ...
[Roll] against any consequences, loss, costs and damage ... arising from any
act or omission on the part of the Personnel ...

58 Clause 2.4 of the Special T&Cs states:

The Personnel are deemed to be ‘borrowed servants’. The Personnel must perform
the work under the supervision, on the instructions and under the control of
[HTL] and in [HTL’s] name.

59 It should likewise be noted that page 4 of the Rental Agreements stipulate
that the hirer is responsible for the sea-fastening of the Crane on a barge.

Analysis

60 HTL might suggest that it did not breach the terms of the Contract by
failing to repair the damage to the Crane and return it in good condition to
Roll.

61 HTL might contend that Vestas should be liable for any damage to the Crane.
Vestas was responsible for the transfer of the Crane at all the material
times, including on 2 November 2020, under the agreement between HTL and
Vestas. In this connection, it may be argued that Roll was made aware or ought
to have been aware during the Contract negotiations that the work on the Tra
Vinh Wind Farm had been subcontracted to HTL by Vestas as part of Vestas’
construction work on the Tra Vinh Wind Farm. For example, in HTL’s 29 March
2021 Letter, HTL stated that:

… The said damage was caused by the acts, neglect and omissions on the part of
a third party, that is, Vestas Wind Technology (Vietnam) LLC, who were in
control of and managed the transfer of the crane to the work site.

62 HTL might additionally argue that the Contract had been terminated because
HTL had been deprived of the use of the Crane. Addendum A of the Rental
Agreements, for example, provides for the termination of the Contract in the
event of impossibility of use of the Crane. Clause 14 of the Standard T&Cs
also sets out grounds whereby HTL may be entitled to cancel or terminate the
Contract. For example, cl 14.2 allows HTL to terminate the Contract in the
event of force majeure. To this end, HTL’s 29 March 2021 Letter purports to
terminate the Contract on the basis that HTL had been “deprived of the use of
the crane” due to the “extensive damage ... to the crane”.

63 The court is unable to accept the foregoing arguments.

64 Reading cll 1.4, 1.5, 1.7, 1.9 and 1.10 of the Special T&Cs, along with
page 3 of the Rental Agreements, HTL is required to return the Crane to Roll
in the same state and condition as it was when received, rectify any damage to
the Crane, and bear the cost of repairing the Crane and all other related
costs. The terms of the Contract expressly state that it is HTL who bears the
liability to Roll for the damage of the Crane.

65 The Crane was damaged on 2 November 2020 due to a failure to sea-fasten the
Crane securely prior to its towage to the Tra Vinh Wind Farm. The damage
occurred after the Crane had been delivered by Roll to HTL in good condition.
The unrectified damage was a breach by HTL of the terms of the Contract. HTL’s
failure to repair and return the Crane in the same state and condition as it
received the same or to bear the cost of repairing the Crane, constituted a
clear breach of the Contract.

66 Roll is not privy to the contract between HTL and Vestas. Nor is Vestas a
party to the Contract. Even if HTL has a claim against Vestas in respect of
the damage to the Crane, that is for HTL to pursue against Vestas separately
under its contract with Vestas or otherwise. The possibility of a claim by HTL
against Vestas is no defence in the present Suit under the Contract.

67 Even if it is assumed that Roll was aware that the Crane would be handled
by a third party to the Contract, this does not detract from the clear terms
of the Contract which imposes liability on HTL. Clause 1.9 of the Special T&Cs
provides that in the event of damage “by or on behalf of the Customer (ie,
HTL)”, such costs “will be payable by the Customer”. Clauses 2.2 to 2.4 of the
Special T&Cs also expressly establish that it is HTL who bears the liability
for the damage to the Crane while in its possession, even if the damage is
caused by a third party.

68 HTL would not have been entitled to terminate the hire of the Crane
pursuant to Addendum A. Addendum A of the Contract provides:

Agreed amendment to special condition clause 4.2

4.2 If the Equipment cannot be used for a period that is expected to last at
least 15 (fifteen) days and if the impossibility to use the Equipment is not
due to the use, abuse or improper use of the Equipment by, under the
supervision of or on behalf of the Customer and if the Equipment cannot be
replaced within a reasonable time, the Customer will be entitled … to
terminate the Hire of the Equipment in question after the Contractor has been
given notice to remedy the default and 20 (twenty) working days have passed
without the default having been remedied. The Customer will not be required to
pay any rental charges for the Equipment during any period in which the
Equipment cannot be used under the circumstances described in this paragraph
4.2.

69 The damage to the Crane occurred due to the “use, abuse or improper use” of
the Crane by HTL or those acting under its supervision or on its behalf.
Furthermore, no notice was given by HTL to Roll to remedy the alleged default.

70 Since the damage to the Crane was caused by HTL or by those acting on its
behalf, HTL would not be entitled to terminate the Contract pursuant to cl 14
of the Standard T&Cs.

71 Consequently, on this issue, the court finds that HTL breached the terms of
the Contract by failing to repair the damage to the Crane and return the same
in good condition to Roll.

Issue 3: Whether HTL breached the terms of the Contract by failing to pay for
outstanding invoices for the rental and demobilisation of the Crane

Background

72 Page 1 of the Rental Agreements stipulates that “[HTL] shall pay [Roll] for
the [Crane] ... to be rented”. Page 5 of the Rental Agreements provides that
the rental sum for the Crane is US$175,000 per month. As to the duration of
rent, page 3 of the Rental Agreements states that the “anticipated period of
rental” and/or the “minimum rental period” is from 15 August 2020 to 15 May
2021. Moreover, the “actual end date of the Rental Period will be [the] date
of return of the Equipment to [Roll] upon offloading of the equipment from
barge to owner trailers”.

73 On demobilisation, cl 1.3 of the Special T&Cs states that “the Equipment
will be ... demobilised by [Roll] at [HTL’s] expense”. Page 5 of the Rental
Agreements then states that the demobilisation cost due from HTL under the
Contract is US$75,000.

74 During the period from February 2021 to August 2022, invoices were issued
by Roll to HTL for the rental of the Crane at US$175,000 per month. Invoice
No. 20210035 was issued by Roll on 14 July 2021 for the demobilisation of the
Crane, in the sum of US$75,000. HTL has not paid any of the invoices.

Analysis

75 HTL has suggested in a letter dated 8 March 2021 and email dated 18 May
2021, that it would only be in a position to make payment to Roll of its
“overdue payments ... when HTL collects revenue from its on-going projects”.

76 However, in the court’s view, payment of the rental sum and other
obligations to Roll cannot be conditional on the collection of revenue from
HTL’s ongoing projects.

77 HTL cannot delay payment or seek to make payment dependent on its revenue
from other projects because cl 6.3 of the Standard T&Cs states that
“[p]ayments by the Customer to the Contractor may never be dependent upon
receipt by Customer of payments from third parties, including the Customer’s
own customer”. As such, HTL has no basis for withholding payment in this
manner.

78 Page 3 of the Rental Agreements should also be interpreted in light of cl
1.10 of the Special T&Cs, which requires that the Crane “must be returned
clean, undamaged and in the same state and condition as it was when received”.
Any damage to the Crane that occurred prior to its return to Roll therefore
has to be rectified. If the Crane is damaged (as it was) while in HTL’s care
and custody, the reference in page 3 of the Rental Agreements to the “actual
end date of the Rental Period” as the “date of return of the Equipment to
[Roll]” should be construed as meaning the “date of return of the Equipment to
[Roll]” in a condition which is “clean, undamaged and in the same state and
condition as it was when received”.

79 Thus, HTL is liable to pay for the monthly rental of the Crane up until the
date when reasonable repairs to the Crane were completed.

80 On demobilisation, HTL was obliged to pay for the demobilisation costs
under cl 1.3 of the Special T&Cs. By failing to pay Invoice No. 20210035
issued by Roll on 14 July 2021 in the sum of US$75,000 for demobilisation, HTL
breached the terms of cl 1.3 of the Special T&Cs.

81 Consequently, on this issue, the court finds that HTL breached the terms of
the Contract by failing to pay for the outstanding invoices for the rental and
demobilisation of the Crane.

Issue 4: Whether HTL breached the terms of the Contract by failing to pay late
payment interest for sums outstanding under the unpaid invoices

82 Clause 6.4 of the Standard T&Cs provide that:

If [HTL] has not made payment by the due date at the latest, [HTL] will be in
default without any notice of default being required, and will owe [Roll]
default interest equal to 1.5% (one and a half per cent) per month on the
overdue amounts. Such default interest will accrue from the relevant due date.

83 HTL may argue that the late payment interest is at an exorbitant rate such
that the court should strike it down or hold that it is unenforceable. HTL may
also contend that as Roll only started demanding that HTL pay late payment
interest on 16 February 2022 (the “Demand Date”), Roll should be taken to have
waived any right to late payment interest prior to the Demand Date.

84 The court disagrees with the foregoing contentions.

85 A clause imposing late payment interest will not be deemed unenforceable or
a penalty if it is a genuine pre-estimate of the likely loss to be incurred as
the result of a breach: Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Co, Ltd v New Garage and Motor
Co, Ltd [1915] AC 79. The following factors need to be considered:

(a) Whether the parties intended for the clause to be a genuine pre-estimate
of the likely loss that could conceivably be proved to have followed from the
breach, as opposed to the imposition of a penalty.

(b) Whether the late payment interest of 1.5% per month is unconscionable,
extravagant or out of proportion to the losses sustained by Roll.

(c) Whether there was evidence of any imbalance in bargaining power between
the parties.

86 On the first factor, the commercial context behind the late payment
interest clause establishes that the parties intended the clause to be a
genuine pre-estimate of loss. As Mr Schaap testified, the interest rate of
1.5% was intended to mitigate the higher risk of delay in payment or non-
payment. This was because HTL was a new customer without a proven track record
of timely payment and HTL had not provided any collateral to Roll for taking
possession of an expensive Crane. Thus, the objective was to reflect the
potentially severe risk and losses that would result in the event of HTL’s
non-payment.

87 On the second factor, the 1.5% per month was neither unconscionable,
extravagant nor out of proportion in comparison with the potential losses to
be sustained by Roll. The agreed replacement value of the Crane in the
Contract was US$7,650,000. In the event that HTL did not make payment of
rental and simultaneously refused to return the Crane, Roll would be at a risk
of liability to PVA, from whom Roll had hired the Crane. In particular, Roll
would have to continue paying €60,000 of monthly rental to PVA as owner of the
Crane until such date as the Crane was returned in good order to PVA. Further,
as Roll submits, the late payment interest is calculated as simple interest.
There is no compounding effect to make the clause punitive in nature, as
opposed to serving a compensatory function.

88 On the third factor, there is no evidence suggesting an imbalance in
bargaining power between the parties. HTL vetted the Contract over the course
of three months. During the negotiation of the Contract, on 23 April 2020, Ms
Mai expressly stated that “I’ve studied the contract’s body. Most terms and
conditions are perfectly fair.”

89 Therefore, the late payment interest clause is a genuine pre-estimate of
the likely loss to be incurred by the breach. It should not be struck down as
a penalty or treated as unenforceable.

90 As for waiver, the late payment interest clause stipulates that “default
interest will accrue from the relevant due date” of the invoice “without any
notice of default being required”. Roll is not contractually obliged to make a
formal demand for payment of interest.

91 Although HTL did not demand late payment interest prior to the Demand Date,
this is insufficient to constitute a waiver. For there to be waiver, the
innocent party must have unequivocally communicated to the other party by
words or conduct that it would not be insisting on its strict rights. The mere
omission to seek late payment interest before the Demand Date could not
constitute such unequivocal communication.

92 Instead, there were communications between the parties that late payment
interest was due and owing. Moreover, HTL periodically and expressly
acknowledged its liability for the late payment interest through letters and
emails sent to Roll on 8 March 2021, 10 June 2021, and 16 June 2021:

(a) In HTL’s letter to Roll dated 8 March 2021, HTL acknowledged its
obligation to pay for the monthly rental of the Crane until the same was
repaired and returned to Roll, “plus our interest on deferred payment under
our contract”.

(b) In an email to Roll dated 10 June 2021, HTL stated that it “would [be]
grateful if Roll would consider [allowing] ‘pending and imposing interest’ on
our payment for these overdue invoices ... We’re aware that this is too much
to ask but we really hope for your kind understanding”.

(c) In an email to Roll dated 16 June 2021, HTL stated that it was “deeply
sorry for being stagnant regarding payments which are overdue”, and that it
“wish[es] for Roll’s sympathy to allow us to pend [sic] the payments while
imposing interest”.

These emails suggests that a waiver was not present in either of the parties’
minds.

93 Accordingly, on this issue, HTL breached the Contract by failing to pay
late payment interest for the sums outstanding under the unpaid invoices.

Issue 5: Damages and quantum

Background

94 On 4 November 2020, Crawford was engaged to investigate the incident and
prepare a report on the cause, nature and extent of the damage to the Crane,
as well as the cost which would be incurred by Roll to recover and repair the
Crane. Contemporaneous reports were prepared based on inspections of the Crane
from 4 November 2020 to 29 June 2021 (the “Damage Reports”).

95 Over the course of five months from 29 September 2021 to 9 February 2022,
Mr Kommers of Crawford inspected the Crane and dismantled parts in The
Netherlands. Each part of the Crane was inspected visually, by means of a 3D
laser scan by a 3D survey specialist, or by non-destructive test and crane
repair specialists. Each of the Crane’s boom parts were sent for non-
destructive testing and further evaluation by specialist sub-contractors.

96 According to Mr Kommers’ survey report dated 25 July 2022, the damage to
the Crane was brought about by repeated oscillating swinging of the boom and
jib. This resulted in fatigue cracking. Fatigue cracking appeared in the form
of fine cracks inside the steel material and could be detected by ultra-sonic
or x-ray testing. The survey report further dealt with two sets of costs
incurred by Roll: the cost of recovery and the cost of repair. The former
entailed the cost of arranging for the recovery and transport of the Crane
from Vietnam to The Netherlands. The latter entailed the cost of repairing the
Crane, including inspections by specialist contractors, transporting crane
parts, rental of space for the storage of crane parts, and purchase of
replacement parts.

97 The survey report concluded that the items claimed by Roll were reasonably
incurred to recover or to repair the Crane. They were typical items in cases
involving crane damage and generally accepted by insurers on recommendation by
loss adjusters. The total cost of repair was assessed at €5,108,764.92
(approximately US$5,377,000).

98 In Mr Kommers’ affidavit of evidence-in-chief, he expressed the view that
the damage sustained by the Crane arose from the incident of 2 November 2020.
Therefore, the cost of repair was fully attributable to the incident of 2
November 2020.

1\. Whether the damage to the Crane was attributable to HTL

99 The Crane was built in 2012 with a service life of at least 15 years. At
the time of the accident, eight years had passed. In Mr Kommers’ affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, he states that "a visual inspection is insufficient to
determine the extent of damage to the Crane, because it would be impossible to
examine micro-fractures, internal cracks and other similar damage that cannot
be seen by the naked eye". It may be contended that such damage to the Crane
should not be attributed to HTL. The micro-fractures, internal cracks, and
other similar damage (it may be argued) could simply be attributable to normal
wear and tear of the Crane’s operation.

100 The court would not agree with such contention.

101 The evidence is that the normal operations of the Crane could not have led
to the micro-fractures and internal cracks observed. Rather, the latter would
have resulted from the extraordinary torsion that the Crane experienced as a
result of the November 2020 incident. Mr Kommers testified as follows:

In this particular case, the crane was installed on a barge and towed out to
sea. We know from video footage that the jib, that is the second boom on top
of the main boom, broke its lashings and started to swing. [Such] oscillating
swings meaning putting a torsional load on the main boom. Now the main boom is
designed to withstand bending and compression loads, but torsional loads are
not part of the equation ... [and are] outside the design scope of the crane.

102 As Mr Kommers further commented, the excessive stress that caused the
Crane’s lacings to fracture would also have been exerted on the Crane’s
connector lugs and would have been responsible for the cracking. Mr Kommers
noted at the trial that normal crane operations and wear and tear do not
produce fractures situated at the connector lugs. This is because a crane’s
boom is always under compression. The load that is suspended from the crane’s
boom head will exercise a downward force on the boom head. This is countered
by the action of the pendant wire. Because of the hinge point at the bottom,
the boom cannot absorb bending or oscillating moments. Therefore, in a normal
operating crane, the load and the pendant forces are at equilibrium, resulting
in a compression force on the boom. In such a situation, the crane’s steel
will not crack because the steel will be under compression. Cracking will only
occur when steel is in tension and this tension was caused by the torsional
loading of the main boom due to the oscillating swings arising from the 2
November 2020 incident.

103 In any event, HTL assumed the risk of micro-fractures, internal cracks,
and other similar damage. Clause 1.5 of the Special T&Cs provides that HTL
must inform Roll in writing immediately upon receipt of the Crane if the Crane
was not in good working order or free from defects. HTL is deemed to have
received the Crane in good working order and free from defects if it fails to
inform Roll accordingly. HTL did not notify Roll of any defects. This is
particularly significant, as before the Crane was handed over to HTL on around
22 to 23 August 2020, HTL itself had signed and confirmed in the Handover
Document that the Crane had been delivered to HTL defect-free and in good
condition. Moreover, the Crane had undergone routine maintenance and annual
inspections showing that as of 31 October 2019, it was certified in good
working order without the need for any restrictions or further testing. As Mr
Kommers testified, in such annual maintenance inspections, the Crane would
have been certifiably in a good working condition because the inspections
would cover the wires of the Crane, its running machinery, engines, hydraulic
pumps, electric motors, safety systems such as load sensors and computer
control systems.

104 Accordingly, on the evidence, the damage to the Crane is attributable to
the 2 November 2020 incident when the Crane was under HTL’s responsibility
pursuant to the Contract.

2\. Whether Roll acted reasonably to mitigate the damages

105 HTL may suggest that Roll failed to mitigate its damages. For instance, it
might be contended that it would have been cheaper for Roll to purchase a
second-hand CC6800 crane instead of repairing the damaged Crane. This is
because, according to the Contract, the replacement value of a crane of
similar age and use to the damaged one was approximately US$7,650,000.
Consequently, it might be contended that Roll’s claim for the repair and
return of the Crane should be limited to US$7,650,000.

106 The court would disagree with that contention.

107 An injured party has the duty to act reasonably to mitigate its damages.
The evidence is that finding a replacement Crane would have been immensely
difficult. As Mr Tan stated at trial, as far as the market for new CC6800
cranes was concerned at the time, “because of the Ukraine war, the
manufacturer don’t [sic] even put a price to the crane, there is no delivery
date ... It is quite ridiculous ... they don’t have the material and they
don’t have the manpower.” In the circumstances of a tight market, it was
unlikely that Roll could have found a replacement second-hand crane within any
reasonable period of time. That would especially have been the case where Roll
was contractually bound to return a sound Crane to PVA and, until then, Roll
would be obliged to pay monthly rental to PVA.

108 Further, a substantial amount of the costs associated with the rental,
transport and investigation of the damage to the Crane may nonetheless have
been incurred even if Roll ultimately decided to buy a replacement crane. It
would have been reasonable first to assess the extent of damage to the Crane
to determine whether repairing or replacing the Crane would be more
economical. This means that the damaged Crane would nonetheless have had to be
transported to the Netherlands for inspection. Similar costs would still be
incurred for the return and transport of the Crane.

109 Considering the above, it would not have been practicable for Roll to
replace the damaged Crane with another used CC6800 crane instead of repairing
it. Roll acted reasonably in its duty to mitigate its damages.

3\. The total quantum of damages for the repair costs of the Crane

110 Mr Kommers evaluated Roll’s damage in respect of the repair costs of the
Crane. A breakdown of the repair costs has been provided. Roll contends that,
based on Mr Kommers’ assessment, the total quantum of damages for the repair
costs of the Crane, after deducting the salvage value credited to HTL, amounts
to €5,064,365.93. A number of items in the breakdowns of the repair costs
assessed by Mr Kommers warrant examination.

111 First, Item 43 of Annex B concerning mark-ups charged by PVA stated a
“Mark-up of 10% for handling of invoices” and “Mark-up of 2% for outstanding
purchases”. These amount to €89,959.37. The "10% for handling over invoices"
was charged over invoiced amounts.

112 The amount of €89,959.37 is accepted as reasonable. As Mr Kommers
testified, this mark-up was a “standard practice ... worldwide” which the main
repair contractor imposes when handling and managing the repair of a crane.
The total amount was in fact “bargained down by the Roll Group”. For example,
the mark-up was intended to cover the purchase of crane components from Tadano
Demag, the crane manufacturer. A mark-up of 10 per cent was initially
proposed, but Roll argued that 10 per cent over large items was “a lot more
than required to cover the purchase of one item”. PVA later “agreed that 2 per
cent on the large purchased items would be sufficient to cover their efforts”,
while 10 per cent would be charged for other items.

113 Second, Item 44 of Annex B concerning “Tail Items” stated a “mark up of 5%
for unforeseen costs and other items not otherwise detailed such as
replacement of the reels and cables of load monitoring and sensing systems.”
This amounts to €85,000.00.

114 The amount of €85,000.00 is accepted as reasonable. As Mr Kommers
testified at trial:

[W]hen [Roll] settled the invoice for the cost of repairs with [PVA], the
repairs of the crane had not been completed yet. The drives of the winches
were outstanding, the electronic control system was outstanding, and I know
that we have lost some sensors on the crane ... that still had to be replaced.

Roll, at one hand, was still facing monthly hire for the crane. And they
needed an urgent settlement of the crane in order to stop the hire contract.
[PVA] argued that there were still items that had not been inspected.

And, at the end of the day, we agreed for a remuneration of 85,000 to cover
for the what [sic] I said earlier, the sensors, the winches that had not been
completed as of yet, as I say under the heading “unforeseen”.

115 Hence, these “Tail Items” constitute the “agreed figure for things that
remain to be done and have not yet been fully calculated”. In particular, the
figure was negotiated by Roll to terminate its rental agreement with PVA. This
was so that Roll would not have to continue paying rental to PVA under its
rental agreement with PVA. Part of Mr Kommers’ role was to bargain this amount
down to the best price for Roll as possible. The court is consequently
persuaded that this figure is reasonable.

116 HTL may argue that, as the Crane was taken out of commission while under
repair, it would be double recovery for Roll to claim the cost of repair as
well as the rental that accrued while the Crane was being repaired.

117 The court disagrees with this argument.

118 The purposes of the Damage Rectification Clauses and the Payment
Obligation Clauses in the Contract are different and distinct. The Damage
Rectification Clauses were intended to ensure that Roll would not be
responsible for the costs associated with the repair and return of the Crane
to Roll. The claim here is for the expenses incurred by Roll arising out of
HTL’s breach of the Contract in failing to repair and return the Crane. In
contrast, the Payment Obligation Clauses are to ensure that there will be no
loss of income to Roll in the event that the Crane had not been properly
returned by HTL. It is a claim for expectation loss under the Contract. As the
principle against double recovery only operates to prevent an innocent party
from recovering duplicative damages for what is effectively the same loss, the
principle would not operate here where the two clauses concern different
losses.

119 Consequently, the total quantum for the repair costs of the Crane (after
deducting the salvage value credited to HTL) amounts to €5,064,365.93.

4\. The total quantum for the return costs of the Crane

120 Roll submits that the costs associated with the return of the Crane are
respectively €44,399, US$1,215,844.13, and S$96,641.60. This amount includes
the costs associated with the return of the Crane from Vietnam to Singapore as
follows:

(a) dismantling and loading the Crane from PV Shipyard in Vietnam onto a barge
for shipment to Singapore (“Dismantling Cost”), in the sum of US$180,794.90;

(b) transport of the Crane from Vietnam to Singapore by sea including the sea
lift by barge, agency charges in Vietnam, storage at the shipping company’s
shipyard in Singapore, wrapping of Crane parts, and loading of Crane parts on
trailers for transport to port (“Transport Cost”), in the sum of
US$194,964.00; and

(c) demobilisation of the Crane from the shipping company’s shipyard in
Singapore to Roll’s storage area in Singapore (“Demobilisation Cost”) (Invoice
No. 20210035 for US$75,000). The amount also includes the subsequent transport
of the Crane from Singapore to The Netherlands.

121 HTL may argue that there is double recovery of the return costs regarding
the transport leg of the Crane from Singapore to The Netherlands. Had the
Contract been fully performed, it may be suggested that the Crane would have
been delivered to Roll in Singapore and the cost of transportation to The
Netherlands would have been for Roll’s account.

122 However, the court is unable to accept such an argument.

123 There is no evidence indicating that Roll would have returned the Crane to
The Netherlands. The court accepts Roll’s submissions that the transport leg
of the Crane from Singapore to The Netherlands was only necessitated at the
time because of the damage to the Crane. Specialist repairs could only be
effected in The Netherlands. Had HTL fully performed the Contract and the
Crane been returned to Roll in sound condition after nine months, the
likelihood is that Roll would have continued renting out the Crane to other
clients in Asia without the need to return the Crane to The Netherlands.
Consequently, the transport of the Crane from Singapore to The Netherlands
should be recoverable as damages.

124 HTL may further contend that there is an overlap between the Transport
Cost and Roll’s claim against HTL for the unpaid invoice in respect of
Demobilisation Cost.

125 The court would reject such contention.

126 The Contract is clear that the Transport and Demobilisation Costs claimed
by Roll are distinct. Page 3 of the Rental Agreements states, as regards the
return of the Crane from HTL to Roll, that the “hirer (ie, HTL) shall
demobilise on DAT terms back to owner free on trailers (Singapore/South East
Asia). Hirer (ie, HTL) to unload and load from/to owners trailers”. Further,
Clause 1.3 of the Special T&Cs provides that:

Except as provided otherwise in the Contract, the Equipment will be mobilised
and demobilised by the Contract at the Customer’s expense.

127 It is accepted that the industry meaning of “DAT terms” or “Delivery at
Terminal” means that HTL “bears all risks involved in bringing the goods to
and unloading them at the terminal at the named port or place of destination”
and “must pay ... all costs relating to the goods until they have been
delivered”. This is confirmed by the International Chamber of Commerce’s
Incoterms 2010. This means that the Dismantling and Transport Costs of the
Crane were to be arranged and borne by HTL. These costs were separate from the
Demobilisation Cost of US$75,000.

128 This understanding is supported by Mr Tan’s evidence at trial as to how
“demobilisation” had been understood by the parties:

COURT: Thank you. And when you use the term "transport" in the sense of the
demobilisation, do you mean transport from Vietnam back to Singapore?

MR. TAN: No.

COURT: What do you mean, then?

MR. TAN: The HTL barge was supposed to deliver the crane back to the Singapore
port. And from the port to the yard, that is the cost of 75,000 with the
police escort and everything. Because this crane is very big, it's 3,000
freight tonne, so that is the cost of bringing from the port to our yard.

COURT: Let's just make clear we understand, when you say port, which port?

MR. TAN: Singapore port.

COURT: Singapore port. To the yard where.

MR. TAN: In Singapore, or wherever we decide we want to keep our crane.

COURT: Right. But it's envisaged somewhere in Singapore?

MR. TAN: Yes.

COURT: A yard somewhere in Singapore.

MR. TAN: Yes, correct.

It follows that the Demobilisation Cost of US$75,000 was not meant to cover
the Dismantling and Transport Costs of the Crane.

129 Accordingly, the court accepts the total quantum for the return costs of
the Crane are €44,399, US$1,215,844.13, and S$96,641.60.

5\. The total quantum due on unpaid invoices

130 Invoices were issued in respect of the rental of the Crane from 15
February 2021 to 31 August 2022, when the Crane was returned to PVA. The
monthly rental from 15 February 2021 to 14 August 2022 was US$175,000. For the
invoice from 15 August 2022 to 14 September 2022, as the Crane was returned to
PVA on 31 August 2022, Roll only claims US$95,967.74 as the pro-rated rental
from 15 to 31 August 2022. The invoices remain unpaid.

131 The court accepts that unpaid invoices in the total amount of
US$3,245,967.74 are due and owing to Roll.

6\. The total quantum for late payment interest

132 Clause 6.1 of the Standard T&Cs provide:

Payment must be made by the Customer within the payment period specified in
the Contract or, if no payment period is specified in the Contract, within 30
(thirty) days of the date of the invoice.

133 Read with cl 6.4 of the Standard T&Cs and page 5 of the Rental Agreements,
it is clear that late payment interest accrues if payment of an invoice is not
received by Roll within 15 days of the transmission of the invoice to HTL.
Consequently, Roll is entitled to late payment interest accruing from the
relevant due date for each unpaid invoice until the date of payment.

134 For completeness and reference only, Roll’s calculation underlying the
tabulation of the outstanding late payment interest accrued up to the date of
filing of its closing written submissions (ie, 24 February 2023) is set out
below:

![Table

Description automatically generated](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

135 Extrapolating to the date of this Judgment (ie, 25 April 2023) gives
further late payment interest of US$96,219.76, making a total of US$832,603.62
as at the date of this Judgment.

Invoice No.| Outstanding Amount under Invoice| Due Date of Invoice| Amount of
Late Payment Interest accrued as of 25 April 2023  
---|---|---|---  
20210005| US$175,000.00| 19 Feb 21| US$68,656.25  
20210010| US$175,000.00| 10 Apr 21| US$64,312.50  
20210020| US$175,000.00| 08 May 21| US$61,885.08  
20210025| US$175,000.00| 23 Jun 21| US$57,925.00  
20210028| US$175,000.00| 23 Jun 21| US$57,925.00  
20210033| US$175,000.00| 28 Jul 21| US$54,941.53  
20210039| US$175,000.00| 21 Aug 21| US$52,909.27  
20210043| US$175,000.00| 24 Sep 21| US$49,962.50  
20210047| US$175,000.00| 23 Oct 21| US$47,489.92  
20210051| US$175,000.00| 23 Nov 21| US$44,800.00  
20210059| US$175,000.00| 30 Dec 21| US$41,647.18  
20220003| US$175,000.00| 27 Jan 22| US$39,276.21  
20220008| US$175,000.00| 25 Feb 22| US$36,593.75  
20220016| US$175,000.00| 25 Mar 22| US$34,195.56  
20220023| US$175,000.00| 20 Apr 22| US$31,937.50  
20220028| US$175,000.00| 27 May 22| US$28,776.21  
20220045| US$175,000.00| 20 Jul 22| US$24,118.95  
20220046| US$175,000.00| 20 Jul 22| US$24,118.95  
20220058| US$95,967.74| 03 Sep 22| US$11,132.26  
Total| US$832,603.62  
  
136 Roll is entitled to late payment interest in the amount of US$832,603.62.

7\. Incidence of cost

137 In these proceedings, Roll has largely succeeded against HTL.
Consequently, as costs should normally follow the event, Roll should be
entitled to its reasonable costs of these proceedings as against HTL.

138 By way of costs, Roll claims the amounts to S$725,715.21 (that is,
counsel’s fees of S$690,831.68 and disbursements of S$34,883.53) and
US$34,140.02 (that is, legal fees for Vietnamese counsel). Roll submits that
the court should award its full litigation costs and expenses. This is
because, pursuant to cl 6.5 of the Standard T&Cs:

In the event of payment default by the Customer, all costs and expenditure
(including all costs of legal assistance, both in and out of court) incurred
by the Contractor in collecting the amount due will be payable by the Customer
…

139 The costs associated with the interlocutory applications in SIC 9 were
ordered to be in the cause. Roll claims S$122,553.33. In the court’s view,
S$122,553.33 is a reasonable sum in light of the need to ensure that all
applications were properly served on HTL in Vietnam.

140 For the rest of Roll’s costs (including disbursements), the bulk were
incurred in connection with: (1) pleadings and particulars, (2) service of
documents in Vietnam; (3) case management conferences; (4) discovery; (5)
affidavits of evidence-in-chief; (6) work done after filing of the latter
affidavits up to trial; and (7) work done during and after trial (including
closing submissions). Given the nature of the proceedings (especially the need
to comply with Vietnamese requirements for the recognition and enforcement of
judgments) and bearing in mind cl 6.5 of the Standard T&Cs, the court finds
the amounts claimed by Roll to be reasonable.

141 In those premises, Roll should have its costs of S$725,715.21 and
US$34,140.02.

Conclusion

142 By reason of the foregoing, the court orders and directs as follows:

(a) There will be a Declaration that the SICC has jurisdiction to adjudicate
the claims in SIC 9.

(b) There will be Orders that:

(i) HTL pay damages to Roll for the repair of the Crane in the sum of
€5,064,365.93.

(ii) HTL pay damages to Roll in respect of the return of the Crane in the
amounts of €44,399.00, US$1,215,844.13, and S$96,641.60.

(iii) HTL pay damages to Roll for the unpaid rental of the Crane in the amount
of US$3,245,967.74.

(iv) HTL to pay late payment interest in the amount of US$832,603.62.

(v) HTL pay Roll’s costs of SIC 9, in the amounts of S$725,715.21 and
US$34,140.02.

(vi) Simple interest is to accrue on the amounts set out in sub-paragraphs (i)
to (v) above at 5.33% per annum from the date of this Judgment until payment.

Anselmo Reyes  
International Judge| |   
---|---|---  
  
Lee Soong Yan, Kevin (sole proprietor) (instructed), Eunice Lau Guan Ting and
Samuel Wittberger (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;

the defendant absent and unrepresented.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

25 April 2023

Case summary

Roll SG Pte Ltd v Cong Ty Co Phan Van Tai Lien Hiep Huy Hoang [2023] SGHC(I) 5

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 9 of 2021

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Singapore International Commercial Court (delivered by Anselmo
Reyes IJ):

Outcome: The SICC has jurisdiction to adjudicate the claims made by the
Plaintiff and orders that the Defendant pay damages to the Plaintiff for the
repair, return, unpaid rental and late payment interest for the breach of
several crane rental agreements.

Background

1 This dispute arose out of several crane rental agreements (collectively, the
“Contract”) between the plaintiff, Roll SG Pte. Ltd. (“Roll”), a Singaporean
company and subsidiary of the Roll Group which rented out heavy lifting
equipment; and the defendant, Cong Ty Co Phan Van Tai Lien Hiep Huy Hoang
(“HTL”), a Vietnamese company which provided logistics, transportation,
equipment installation and construction services for offshore wind turbine
projects off the Vietnamese coast. Under the Contract, Roll agreed to lease to
HTL a CC6800 crawler crane (the “Crane”) to be used for HTL’s construction and
installation works at the Tra Vinh Wind Farm Offshore Project (the “Project”)
in the Mekong Delta of Vietnam. On 2 November 2020, the Crane was severely
damaged while being transported by HTL.

2 Roll sought damages against HTL for breach of the Contract in the Singapore
International Commercial Court (“SICC”). In particular, Roll claimed the cost
of repairing the Crane, unpaid invoices for the rental and demobilisation of
the Crane and late payment interest. HTL denied the SICC’s jurisdiction to
hear this case and neither defended the action nor stated why it contended
that the SICC lacked jurisdiction to hear this case.

The material facts

3 Roll and HTL entered into a rental agreement on 12 May 2020, which
stipulated that Roll would lease the Crane to HTL for a minimum period of nine
months from 15 August 2020 to 15 May 2021. To assist HTL’s bank financing
application, the rental period was further split into two separate periods:
from 15 August to 14 December 2020 and from 15 December 2020 to 14 May 2021.
The rental agreements collectively incorporated Roll’s Standard Terms and
Conditions (“Standard T&Cs”) and Special Terms and Conditions (“Special
T&Cs”). The material terms of the three agreements were identical
(collectively, the “Contract”).

4 The material terms of the Contract were that:

(a) Roll would lease the Crane to HTL from 15 August 2020 to 15 May 2021. In
return, HTL would pay Roll a monthly rental of US$175,000 for the Crane,
together with a one-off payment of US$75,000 for the demobilisation of the
Crane.

(b) HTL was responsible for returning the Crane to Roll undamaged. If the
Crane was damaged during the rental period, HTL would rectify the damage and
be responsible for all costs associated with the repair of the Crane and its
return to Roll.

(c) HTL would pay Roll default interest, in the event of delay in paying
Roll’s invoices, at a rate of 1.5% per month, accruing from the due date of
each invoice.

(d) Disputes under the Contract were to be referred exclusively to the
Singapore Court.

5 On or about 22 to 23 August 2020, Roll delivered the Crane to HTL in
Vietnam, with the document certifying the handover stating that no physical
damages were detected and that the crane parts were received in good
condition. On 28 September 2020, PVI Insurance Corporation (“PVI Insurance”)
issued a Domestic Transport Insurance for the Crane, which required HTL to
properly sea-fasten the Crane, otherwise the PVI Insurance policy would be
invalidated. In October 2020, HTL transported the Crane to Long Anh Port,
where it was assembled before being towed by sea to the Tra Vinh Wind Farm on
2 November 2020.

6 On 2 November 2020, the Crane was severely damaged while being towed to the
Tra Vinh Wind Farm.

7 On 4 November 2020, Crawford & Company (Nederland) B.V. (“Crawford”) was
engaged to investigate the incident and prepare a report on the damage to the
Crane as well as the cost of recovering and repairing the Crane. On 25
November 2020, PVI Insurance rejected HTL’s claim for insurance on the basis
that the sea-fastening was not completed.

8 From November 2020 to March 2021, Roll repeatedly requested that HTL repair
and return the Crane in compliance with its obligations under the Contract.
HTL did not do so, apparently because it was in a disagreement with its main
contractor, Vestas Wind Technology (Vietnam) LLC (“Vestas”), which had
subcontracted part of the construction work on the Tra Vinh Wind Farm to HTL,
over the damage to the Crane.

9 Eventually, on 6 to 7 February 2021, HTL brought the Crane down from the
inverted V-position which it had been in since 2 November 2020. However, HTL
refused to remove the Crane from Vestas’ barge. In late March 2021, Vestas
arranged for the Crane to be dismantled and removed from its barge and moved
to PV Shipyard in Vietnam.

10 On 29 June 2021, following an inspection of the Crane by a Vietnamese
surveyor (Vietnam International Adjuster) in the presence of HTL and Roll, the
Crane was loaded onto a barge and shipped out of Vietnam. On about 25
September 2021, the Crane arrived at PVA’s premises in Vlaardingen, The
Netherlands. It underwent inspection, testing and repairs. The Crane was fully
repaired and returned to PVA in good condition on 31 August 2022.

11 From February 2021 until August 2022, invoices were issued by Roll to HTL
for the rental of the Crane at US$175,000 per month. An invoice for the
demobilisation of the Crane in the sum of US$75,000 was also issued by Roll on
14 July 2021. HTL has not paid these invoices at the time the judgment was
delivered.

12 HTL has rejected the SICC’s jurisdiction of the matter over several
correspondences with Roll. HTL did not clarify the bases of its jurisdictional
objection.

The court’s decision

Issue 1: Whether the SICC has jurisdiction over the dispute

13 The SICC had jurisdiction over the dispute pursuant to s 18A of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act 1969 (Cap 322) (“SCJA”), as well as pursuant to s 18D
of the SCJA read with O 110 r 7(1) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed). Roll’s
action was “international” and “commercial” in nature as Roll’s place of
business was Singapore and HTL’s place of business was Vietnam; and the
Contract was a commercial contract for the supply of a Crane on a rental basis
for HTL’s use on the Project. Roll had also duly served the cause papers on
HTL by substituted service. Roll was also not seeking any relief relating to a
prerogative order, but was merely seeking an award of damages arising from
HTL’s breach of the Contract: at [44], [45], [46], [47] and [49].

Issue 2: Whether HTL breached the terms of the Contract by failing to repair
the Crane and return it in good condition to Roll

14 HTL had breached the terms of the Contract by failing to repair the damage
to the Crane and return the same in good condition to Roll. Under the terms of
the Special T&Cs, along with the Contract, HTL was required to return the
Crane to Roll in the same state and condition as it was when received, rectify
any damage to the Crane, and bear the cost of repairing the Crane and all
other related costs. As the damage occurred after the Crane had been delivered
by Roll to HTL in good condition, the unrectified damage was a breach by HTL
of the terms of the Contract: at [64] and [65].

15 Even if HTL had a claim against Vestas in respect of the damage to the
Crane, that was for HTL to pursue against Vestas separately. The possibility
of a claim by HTL against Vestas was no defence in the present Suit under the
Contract: at [66].

16 HTL would also not have been able to terminate the hire of the Crane
pursuant to the Contract, as the damage to the Crane occurred due to the “use,
abuse or improper use” of the Crane by HTL or those acting under its
supervision or on its behalf. HTL also did not give any notice to remedy to
Roll to remedy the alleged default: at [68] and [69].

Issue 3: Whether HTL breached the terms of the Contract by failing to pay for
outstanding invoices for the rental and demobilisation of the Crane

17 HTL was liable to pay for the monthly rental of the Crane up until the date
when reasonable repairs to the Crane were completed. Payment of the
outstanding invoices for the rental and demobilisation of the Crane could not
be conditional on the collection of revenue from HTL’s ongoing projects in
light of a clause in the Standard T&Cs which required that the payment by HTL
must never be dependent on receipt by HTL of payments from third parties,
including their own customers. Any damage to the Crane that occurred prior to
its return to Roll also had to be rectified: at [76], [77] and [78].

18 HTL was obliged to pay for the demobilisation costs under the Special T&Cs.
By failing to pay for the outstanding invoices, HTL breached the terms of the
Contract: at [80] and [81].

Issue 4: Whether HTL breached the terms of the Contract by failing to pay late
payment interest for sums outstanding under the unpaid invoices

19 HTL breached the Contract by failing to pay late payment interest for the
sums outstanding under the unpaid invoices. First, the late payment interest
was a genuine pre-estimate of the likely loss incurred by the breach and was
not at an exorbitant rate that the court should strike it down or hold that it
was unenforceable. The interest rate of 1.5% was intended to mitigate the
higher risk of delay in payment or non-payment. The 1.5% per month was neither
unconscionable, extravagant nor out of proportion in comparison with the
potential losses to be sustained by Roll. There was also no evidence
suggesting an imbalance of bargaining power between the parties: at [86], [87]
and [88].

20 Roll also did not waive any right to late payment interest. Although HTL
did not demand late payment interest prior to 16 February 2022, this was
insufficient to constitute a waiver. Instead, there were communications
between the parties that late payment interest was due and owing. Moreover,
HTL periodically and expressly acknowledged its liability for the late payment
interest through letters and emails sent to Roll: at [90], [91] and [92].

Issue 5: Damages and quantum

21 The damage to the Crane was attributable to HTL. The evidence was that the
normal operations of the Crane could not have led to the micro-fractures and
internal cracks observed. Rather, the latter would have resulted from the
extraordinary torsion that the Crane experienced as a result of the November
2020 incident. In any event, HTL assumed the risk of micro-fractures, internal
cracks, and other similar damage under the Special T&Cs: at [101], [102] and
[103].

22 Roll had acted reasonably to mitigate the damage. While it might have been
contended that it would have been cheaper for Roll to purchase a second-hand
crane instead of repairing the damaged Crane, the evidence was that finding a
replacement Crane would have been immensely difficult. In the circumstances of
a tight market, it was unlikely that Roll could have found a replacement
second-hand crane within any reasonable period of time. Further, a substantial
amount of the costs associated with the rental, transport and investigation of
the damage to the Crane might nonetheless have been incurred even if Roll
ultimately decided to buy a replacement crane: at [106], [107] and [108].

23 The total quantum of damages for the repair costs of the Crane was accepted
as reasonable. The mark-up of 10% for handling of invoices was accepted as
reasonable as it was standard practice worldwide, and was in fact bargained
down by Roll. The “Tail Items” which included a mark-up of 5% for unforeseen
costs not otherwise detailed was also accepted as reasonable, and this figure
was also negotiated by Roll to terminate its rental agreement with PVA. It was
also not double recovery for Roll to claim the cost of repair as well as the
rental that accrued while the Crane was being repaired. The purposes of the
damage rectification clauses and the payment obligation clauses were distinct
and concerned two different losses, with the former intended to ensure that
Roll would not be responsible for the costs associated with the repair and
return of the Crane to Roll and the latter to ensure that there would be no
loss of income to Roll in the event that the Crane had not been properly
returned by HTL: at [111], [112], [115], [116] and [118].

24 The court accepted that the total quantum for the return costs of the Crane
from Vietnam to Singapore were €44,399, US$1,215,844.13, and S$96,641.60
respectively. There was no double recovery of the return costs regarding the
transport leg of the Crane from Singapore to The Netherlands as this was
necessitated at the time because of the damage to the Crane. Specialist
repairs could only be effected in The Netherlands and consequently, the
transport of the Crane from Singapore to The Netherlands should be recoverable
as damages. There was also no overlap between the transport cost and Roll’s
claim against HTL for the unpaid invoice in respect of the demobilisation
cost, as they were distinct claims. The demobilisation cost of US$75,000 was
not meant to cover the dismantling and transport costs of the Crane: at [120],
[121], [123], [124], [126] and [128].

25 Invoices were issued in respect of the Crane from 15 February 2021 to 31
August 2022, when the Crane was returned to PVA. As the invoices remained
unpaid, the court accepted that unpaid invoices in the total amount of
US$3,245,967.74 were due and owing to Roll: at [130] and [131].

26 Roll was entitled to late payment interest accruing from the relevant due
date for each unpaid invoices until the date of payment under the Standard
T&Cs and Contract. Extrapolating to the date of the Judgment, Roll was
entitled to late payment interest in the amount of US$832,603.62: at [133] and
[136].

27 As Roll had largely succeeded against HTL in the proceedings, Roll was
entitled to reasonable costs of the proceedings as against HTL: at [137].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.
All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s judgment.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Apr 2023 (14:46 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

