Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 310

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9108 of 2021

Between

| Ching Hwa Ming (Qin Huaming)  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9109 of 2021

Between

| Li Keng Wan (Liu Qingyuan)  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Law — Appeal]

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Prevention of Corruption Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ching Hwa Ming (Qin Huaming)

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor and another appeal

[2023] SGHC 310

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeals Nos 9108 and 9109 of
2021  
Kannan Ramesh JAD  
28 April, 26 July 2023

30 October 2023

Kannan Ramesh JAD:

Introduction

1 The appellants, Ching Hwa Ming (Qin Huaming) and Li Keng Wan (Liu Qingyuan),
faced two charges each of conspiring to corruptly gratify pursuant to s
5(b)(i) read with s 29(a) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993
Rev Ed) (“PCA”) in the District Court. They were each convicted and sentenced
to 16 months’ imprisonment. The appellants filed their respective appeals
against both conviction and sentence. At the hearing on 26 July 2023, I
dismissed the appeals against conviction and allowed the appeals against
sentence, lowering their sentences to 12 months’ imprisonment, delivering a
detailed oral judgment. These are my grounds of decision.

2 In these grounds, I will address the appellants in HC/MA 9108/2021/01 and
HC/MA 9109/2021/01 – Ching Hwa Ming (Qin Huaming) and Li Keng Wan (Liu
Qingyuan) – as “Jason” and “David”, respectively. I will address the
respondent as “the Prosecution”.

Facts

The false story

3 Jason and David were the director and manager, respectively, of Nam Hong
Engineering Pte Ltd (“NHE”). Jason and David were close friends for more than
30 years. David had worked for Jason in Nam Hong Construction & Engineering
Pte Ltd sometime in 2004 or 2005. Eventually, David introduced Jason to one
Lian Cher Hong (Lian Zhihong), whom I will address as “Aloysius”. Jason and
Aloysius incorporated NHE, a construction company that specialised in air-
conditioning works, in 2010.

4 Both Aloysius and Jason were equal shareholders in NHE and the only
directors. Notably, the directors were joint signatories to NHE’s bank
account.

5 In September 2012, NHE secured a subcontract from Kurihara Kogyo Co Ltd
(“KK”) for the “Supply and Installation of Chilled Water and Condensate Drain
Pipeworks c/w Testing and Commissioning” for the Fusionopolis Project (the “FP
Project”). This contract was valued at $5.2m.

6 In 2013, NHE faced some cash flow issues. Aloysius’s father-in-law loaned
$300,000 to NHE. Aloysius sought repayment of the loan subsequently. However,
Jason refused as he felt that NHE needed to conserve cash to prepare for
“rainy days”. In or around the middle of 2014 – about a year and a half after
securing the FP Project – Aloysius told David that NHE needed to pay $300,000
to the then Assistant General Manager of KK, Mr Ng Boon Hwa (“Mr Ng”) for
allegedly procuring KK to award the FP Project to NHE. Aloysius requested
David to convey this to Jason.

7 Unbeknown to David, what Aloysius told him was false. There was no
arrangement between Mr Ng and Aloysius as asserted. Aloysius had concocted the
story purportedly for the purpose of repaying the loan to his father-in-law.
Aloysius approached David because David was close to Jason, and Aloysius was
not. Aloysius was hopeful that David would be able to persuade Jason to agree
to make the payment to Mr Ng.

8 David conveyed the false story to Jason. Jason believed it and eventually,
the appellants agreed to pay the $300,000 in two equal tranches. In accordance
with NHE’s internal processes, the appellants and Aloysius signed two payment
vouchers for $150,000 each, and Jason and Aloysius signed on the corresponding
cheques (dated 14 July 2014 and 29 September 2014) that drew on NHE’s bank
account. Notably, the cheques were cash cheques and the payment vouchers –
payment voucher no. 2000 and no. 2149 – carried the descriptions
“Entertainment” and “Contra A/C”, respectively.

9 There was no need for David to sign the payment vouchers. However, he did so
because he was the overall in-charge of operations in NHE and Jason trusted
him. Unless David verified payment and signed the relevant payment voucher,
Jason would not sign the payment voucher and authorise payment.

10 The cheques were handed over to Aloysius. However, the sum of $300,000 was
never paid by Aloysius to his father-in-law. Nor was it paid to Mr Ng.
Instead, unknown to Jason and David, Aloysius deposited the cheques into his
personal bank account and used the money for his personal expenses.

Jason’s 2017 CPIB report

11 In 2017, Jason made a report (the “Report”) against Aloysius and David to
the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (the “CPIB”). In the Report, Jason
alleged a conspiracy between David, Aloysius and various subcontractors of NHE
to defraud and cheat him and NHE. There were almost $2m of unpaid invoices due
from KK to NHE for work that had been long completed. Yet Aloysius and David
took no steps to recover this sum from KK, and instead abandoned NHE leaving
Jason to manage the affairs of the company.

12 Jason asserted that the only plausible explanation for this “completely
illogical behaviour” was that David and Aloysius had conspired with KK and the
subcontractors of NHE to attempt to wind up NHE before it was able to pursue a
claim against KK for the $2m in unpaid invoices. He believed that the sum of
$300,000 was used to further the conspiracy. It is notable that when the
Report was filed, Jason was unaware that Aloysius’s story was false and that
the sum of $300,000 had been pocketed by Aloysius. The Report triggered
investigations, and the subsequent prosecution of Aloysius and the appellants.

The status of Aloysius’s prosecution

13 Aloysius initially faced two charges of corruptly receiving gratification
of $150,000 for the benefit of Mr Ng. These charges were subsequently amended
to two charges of cheating under s 420 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed) (the “Penal Code”) by deceiving Jason and David into believing that NHE
had to pay a bribe to Mr Ng to advance the NHE’s business interests with KK.
Aloysius was tried and convicted on the amended charges in separate
proceedings and received a global sentence of 18 months’ imprisonment.

14 His appeal against conviction and sentence was also dismissed on 22
February 2023.

Decision below

15 In convicting the appellants in Public Prosecutor v Li Keng Wan (Liu
Qingyuan) and another [2021] SGDC 156 (the “GD”), the District Judge (the
“DJ”) placed weight on the appellants’ long statement to the CPIB. He found
that the long statements were voluntarily made and admissible in evidence (at
[45] of the GD). The appellants, however, took issue with the accuracy of the
long statements (at [47] of the GD). The DJ found that the recording officers
were credible witnesses and did not have any reason to lie about the accuracy
of the long statements and the manner in which they were recorded. On the
other hand, David was found to be an unreliable witness because of the
inconsistencies in his long statements and his evidence in court (at [73]–[74]
of the GD).

16 Furthermore, the DJ held that the four elements for the corruption charge
were made out for both appellants. First, the appellants had agreed to give
the gratification to Mr Ng. Second, the sum of $300,000 was an inducement to
advance NHE’s business interests. Third, there was an objectively corrupt
element in respect of the three purposes identified by the DJ (at [85] of the
GD): (a) to pay Mr Ng for the award of the FP Project to NHE; (b) to avoid
difficulties in receiving progress payments for the FP Project; and (c) to
avoid Mr Ng causing NHE difficulties in relation to the Duo Ophir-Rochor Mixed
Development (“Duo Ophir”) and Changi Airport Terminal 4 (“Terminal 4”)
projects. Fourth, the appellants had the requisite guilty knowledge that their
acts were corrupt. Relatedly, the DJ also found that it was not necessary for
the gratification to be received by the intended beneficiary for the charge to
be made out.

17 Additionally, the DJ found that the appellants engaged in a conspiracy
amounting to abetment to corruptly give a gratification of $300,000 to Mr Ng
to advance NHE’s interests with KK and approved the release of the said sums
from NHE’s bank account pursuant to this conspiracy (at [112] of the GD).

18 On sentence, the DJ found that the relevant sentencing considerations were
deterrence and retribution. He held that a custodial sentence was warranted.
The DJ applied the framework in Public Prosecutor v Syed Mostofa Romel [2015]
3 SLR 1166 (“Romel”) (the “Romel framework”) and imposed a global sentence of
16 months’ imprisonment for each appellant.

The parties’ cases on appeal

Jason’s case on appeal

19 Jason raised three challenges on appeal against conviction. First, he took
issue with the accuracy of his long statements. In particular, Jason alleged
that the DJ erred in finding that he had the same understanding of the term
“kopi money” in 2014 as he did in 2017 (when his long statements were
recorded).

20 Jason made four further submissions on the DJ’s reliance on his long
statements. First, the DJ erred in finding that the police were inherently
honest and unmotivated to lie. Second, the procedural requirements in s 22 of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (the “CPC”) as set out in
Parti Liyani v Public Prosecutor [2020] SGHC 187 (“Parti Liyani”) were not
satisfied. Third, the DJ erred in according full weight to the incriminatory
portions of the long statements while rejecting Jason’s allegations of a
conspiracy against him by David, Aloysius, KK and some other entities. Fourth,
the DJ erred by refusing to admit Jason’s affidavit filed in winding up
proceedings against NHE, which was contrary to s 262 of the CPC. Section 262
permits the court to allow, inter alia, a sworn affidavit to be used as
evidence in criminal proceedings in Singapore.

21 Second, Jason challenged each of the four elements for the offence under s
5(b)(i) of the PCA. Third, Jason challenged the DJ’s finding of a conspiracy.
In respect of sentence, Jason argued that the custodial threshold had not been
crossed and sought a fine of $100,000 instead.

David’s case on appeal

22 David raised five contentions on appeal against conviction. First, he
argued that there were inaccuracies in his long statements. Specifically, the
term “kopi money” was added to his long statements even though he did not use
that term. Notably, he did not allege that he was not aware that it was not
present in his long statements. In any event, even if David had used that
term, he believed that it referred to money that had been used for
entertaining clients.

23 Second, David alleged that he lacked proficiency in English and
consequently his long statements could not be relied upon. Third, as he was a
mere employee with no decision-making power in NHE, the requisite actus reus
was not made out. Fourth, David had nothing to gain from the transaction.
Finally, David argued that there was no inducement and no objectively corrupt
element in the transaction.

24 In respect of sentence, David submitted that 16 months’ imprisonment was
manifestly excessive and the framework in Goh Ngak Eng v Public Prosecutor
[2022] SGHC 254 (“Goh Ngak Eng”) should apply. David sought a fine not
exceeding $50,000.

Prosecution’s case on appeal

25 The Prosecution’s case on conviction was that the long statements were
accurately recorded and should be relied upon, the elements of the charge were
established, and the appellants had conspired to corruptly gratify Mr Ng. On
sentence, the Prosecution submitted that the Romel framework was applicable.
Applying Category 1 of the Romel framework, the Prosecution urged the court to
uphold the global sentence of 16 months’ imprisonment imposed by the DJ.

Issues that were determined

26 There were four issues that arose in respect of both appeals:

(a) whether the appellants’ long statements were accurately recorded and could
be relied upon (“Issue 1”);

(b) whether the four elements of the charges were made out (“Issue 2”);

(c) whether there was a conspiracy to commit the corrupt acts (“Issue 3”); and

(d) if the appeals against conviction were dismissed, what the appropriate
sentences should be (“Issue 4”).

Issue 1: The appellants’ long statements

27 I dismissed the appellants’ challenges to their long statements.

28 As mentioned above at [19], Jason’s main contention was that, in 2014 –
when the alleged gratification took place – he did not understand “kopi money”
to refer to a bribe. Instead, he was under the impression that “kopi money”
was a refundable deposit that would eventually be returned to NHE. It was only
in 2017 that Jason associated the term “kopi money” with a bribe. This
realisation came when Jason was in the process of making the Report in 2017.
Thus, he submitted that the DJ was incorrect to find on the basis of his long
statements that he knew in 2014 that the sum of $300,000 was to be paid as a
bribe.

29 However, the DJ’s finding was not inconsistent with the material objective
evidence, which is when appellate intervention is usually warranted: see ADF v
Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2010] 1 SLR 874 (“ADF”) at [16(b)]. In
his long statement dated 9 January 2018 (“P37”), Jason stated that the
appellants knew at the material time that it was an offence to make the
payments to Mr Ng as they were bribes. There was no reference to "kopi money"
there. In fact, in the same long statement, Jason also stated that another
reason for making the payments was that the FP Project was ongoing, and the
appellants did not want to offend Mr Ng. They feared that if Mr Ng was not
paid, he would hold back progress payments, or generally be difficult in
relation to the operations of the FP Project and the other two projects that
KK had awarded to NHE (ie, the Duo Ophir and Terminal 4 projects). I therefore
saw no basis for appellate intervention. The DJ was entitled to rely on the
long statements to support his finding that Jason was aware the payments were
bribes.

30 The other contentions raised by Jason, as specified at [20] above, were
also dismissed.

31 First, the DJ did not proceed on the basis that every member of the police
was inherently honest and unmotivated to lie. Instead, he carefully assessed
the internal and external consistency of the recording officers’ evidence and
found them to be credible witnesses; his finding was not against the weight of
the evidence.

32 Second, there was no question of breach of s 22 of the CPC. Section
22(3)(c) of the CPC requires a statement to be interpreted in a language that
the person making the statement understands. In Parti Liyani, the High Court
found that the recording officer ought to have read back the relevant
statements in Bahasa Indonesia, the language used by the accused person in
that case, as opposed to Bahasa Melayu (at [71], [75] and [86]). The recording
officers and Jason communicated in Mandarin and Jason accepted that he had no
issue communicating in that language. Jason also made amendments to his first
long statement, P31. This suggested that he could understand what was being
interpreted to him. As Jason understood what was being explained to him in
Mandarin, there was no breach of s 22.

33 Third, the DJ did not err by declining to accept Jason’s allegations of a
conspiracy against him that were made in the winding up proceedings against
NHE. They were not relevant to the corruption charges he faced.

34 Finally, the DJ’s refusal to admit Jason’s affidavit filed in the winding
up proceedings against NHE did not breach s 262 of the CPC. The plain language
of s 262 indicates that it is permissive and not mandatory. At trial, counsel
for Jason submitted that the affidavit was relevant to demonstrate that Jason
had been consistent in his understanding of what the money would be used for.
However, Jason testified on this very issue, and it was difficult to see what
evidential value the affidavit would have had if Jason’s direct testimony on
the same issue asserted the very same position set out in the affidavit. Thus,
the DJ did not err in refusing to admit the affidavit.

35 David raised two points to challenge the accuracy of his long statements
namely, that: (a) the term “kopi money” had not come from him, he did not
understand what it meant, and it was written down by the recording officer in
David’s long statement dated 5 June 2017 (“P32”) (see [22] above); and (b) he
was not proficient in English, and this affected the accuracy of his long
statements. I dismissed both allegations.

36 The first point did not bring David’s case far. The fact that he did not
use the term “kopi money” himself in P32 was not relevant. What was pertinent
was that in the same long statement, he stated that he knew the payment of the
money was wrong under the law and nonetheless went ahead to pay because he was
told to do so. The accuracy of this part of P32 was not challenged on appeal.
It also contradicted David’s alternative submission that even if he had used
the term “kopi money”, he believed that it referred to expenses incurred in
entertaining clients. Thus, regardless of the specific words used, the
important point was that David knew that the payment was wrong in law.

37 As regards the second point, David accepted in P32 and at trial that he
could understand and converse in English. Moreover, the DJ highlighted at [68]
of his GD that David demonstrated his proficiency in English when he gave
evidence in court. The DJ was therefore entitled to come to the view that
David was sufficiently proficient in English to understand his long
statements. There was no basis for appellate intervention.

38 Therefore, I dismissed the appellants’ contentions in respect of Issue 1.

Issue 2: Elements of the corruption charge

Applicable law

39 The four elements of an offence under s 5(b)(i) of the PCA are as follows
(see Kwang Boon Keong Peter v Public Prosecutor [1998] 2 SLR(R) 211 at [32]
and Public Prosecutor v Tan Kok Ming Michael and other appeals [2019] 5 SLR
926 (“Michael Tan”) at [54]–[55]):

(a) The accused gave gratification to any person, whether for the benefit of
that person or any other person.

(b) The gratification was given as an inducement (or reward) for doing (or
forbearing to do) anything in respect of any matter.

(c) There was a corrupt element in the transaction.

(d) The accused gave the gratification with a guilty knowledge, ie, he knew
that what he did was corrupt by the ordinary and objective standard.

40 The first element is the actus reus of the offence. The other three pertain
to the mens rea: see Public Prosecutor v Leng Kah Poh [2014] 4 SLR 1264 at
[20].

41 The second and third elements are part of the same factual inquiry. The
question that must be answered is whether the appellants gave the
gratification believing that it was a quid pro quo for a dishonest gain or
advantage: see Tey Tsun Hang v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 1189 (“Tey Tsun
Hang”) at [17].

42 I assess each of the four elements in turn.

Element 1 – The giving of gratification

43 The first element was made out on the evidence. “[G]ratification” is
defined broadly in s 2 of the PCA as follows:

“gratification” includes —

(a) money or any gift, loan, fee, reward, commission, valuable security or
other property or interest in property of any description, whether movable or
immovable;

(b) any office, employment or contract;

(c) any payment, release, discharge or liquidation of any loan, obligation or
other liability whatsoever, whether in whole or in part;

(d) any other service, favour or advantage of any description whatsoever,
including protection from any penalty or disability incurred or apprehended or
from any action or proceedings of a disciplinary or penal nature, whether or
not already instituted, and including the exercise or the forbearance from the
exercise of any right or any official power or duty; and

(e) any offer, undertaking or promise of any gratification within the meaning
of paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d); …

44 The appellants had signed the payment vouchers, Jason had signed the
corresponding cash cheques (together with Aloysius), and the appellants’
statements – P32 and P37 – showed that they agreed to have NHE pay the sum of
$300,000 to Mr Ng. Jason’s contentions that he was not involved in the day-to-
day operations of NHE’s business, and did not have a dishonest or guilty mind,
were not relevant at this stage of the inquiry. The actus reus was established
on the facts.

45 It was not necessary for the gratification to have been received by Mr Ng.
In Tang Keng Boon v Public Prosecutor [2000] 1 SLR(R) 104, the appellant
intended to pay money to police officers through two intermediaries in
exchange for receiving information on impending police raids. The court found
at [37] that it was not a defence that the intermediaries “never intended to
pass the money on to police officers and that the whole scheme was said to be
a fraud on the appellant”. The fact that the gratification was not received by
the police officers did not impact the assessment of whether the offence was
made out.

46 Thus, the first element was made out.

Element 2 – Inducement

47 The second element was made out. This element relates to the causal, or
consequential, link between the gratification and the act the gratification
was intended to procure (or reward): see Tey Tsun Hang at [16].

48 The appellants contended that inducement was not proven on the facts. Jason
argued that knowing that the sum of $300,000 would be used to advance NHE’s
interest did not mean that he knew that he was giving a bribe or engaging in
some corrupt act. David argued that there was no inducement as all the
projects were awarded through a legitimate tender process. However, the
appellants’ long statements contradicted their submissions.

49 As stated above, at [29], Jason said in P37 that one of the purposes of the
payments was to avert the possibility of Mr Ng holding back progress payments
owed to NHE or making things difficult for NHE’s operations in the FP Project
and other projects that had been awarded to NHE by KK. Similarly, in his long
statement dated 9 January 2018 (“P34”), David said that he told Jason that
Aloysius had talked about Mr Ng requiring payment for procuring the award of
the FP Project to NHE. He further said that Jason “definitely … told me that
he is agreeable to pay this money”. It was apparent therefore that the
appellants had agreed to give gratification to induce Mr Ng to achieve the
three purposes identified by the DJ (see [16] above) The appellants had agreed
to give the gratification for the specified benefits; the second element was
therefore made out.

Element 3 – A corrupt element

50 There was a corrupt element here. This is an “objective inquiry that is
essentially based on the ordinary standard of the reasonable man”: see Chan
Wing Seng at [20]. The High Court in Public Prosecutor v Low Tiong Choon
[1998] 2 SLR(R) 119 laid down a two-step test (at [29]):

(a) the first step is to ascertain the intention of the giver or receiver (as
the case may be) to the transaction at the material time. This inquiry depends
on the evidence of the parties as well as the surrounding circumstances; and

(b) the second step is to then ask whether such an intention tainted the
transaction with an objectively corrupt element, given the factual matrix.

51 The first step could be answered with reference to the finding under the
second element of the test. In that vein, the intention of the appellants was
to achieve the three purposes as stated at [16] above.

52 On the second step, in light of the factual matrix of this case, the
intention tainted the transaction with an objectively corrupt element. David
referred to Tjong Mark Edward v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2015] 3
SLR 375 (“Tjong Mark Edward”), at [27] and [29], to contend that the evidence
must at least allow the court to infer that the idea of giving gratification
was already operating in David’s mind at the time of the alleged favour (ie,
the award of the FP Project to NHE). David’s submission was that he was not
involved in the agreement to give the gratification at the time the FP Project
was awarded and so this element could not be made out. I did not accept his
argument.

53 The principles that David cited from Tjong Mark Edward did not apply
squarely to the facts of this case. I reproduce the relevant portions of the
case here:

26 … It is quite clear that the lack of an agreement does not prevent a
finding of corruption. The lack of a discussion is also not fatal in unusual
cases like this. Corruption is often subtle and hard to detect. It would be
undesirable if the mere lack of a discussion or agreement is fatal to a
finding of corruption, since many instances of corruption could then be
disguised as rewards after the event.

27 However, I doubt that the objective corrupt element would be satisfied if
there was no agreement, discussion, contemplation or expectation of
gratification when the allegedly corrupt conduct happened and if no favour was
in fact shown. …

28 I believe that what I have suggested is consistent with the existing
jurisprudence. Two local cases support the proposition that it is not corrupt
to reward someone for doing what he was already supposed to do. …

29 It is also useful to recall the natural meaning of corruption, which is the
“[p]erversion of a person’s integrity in the performance of … duty or work by
bribery etc” (Chan Wing Seng at [26]). To prove corruption in cases where
gratification was received after the allegedly corrupt conduct had happened,
the evidence must at least allow the court to infer that the idea of
gratification was already operating in the accused’s mind. There must be some
“advantage gained or hoped to be gained by the giver” (see Sairi bin Sulaiman
v PP [1995] 2 SLR(R) 794 at [40]). …

30 I stress that the foregoing analysis assumes a one-off dealing. It might
still be corruption if, for example, Tjong and Mujibur continued to have
dealings; the gratification might encourage Tjong to favour Mujibur in later
dealings in derogation of his duties to STE. …

[emphasis added]

54 The High Court in Tjong Mark Edward at [26] found that the mere absence of
an agreement or discussion does not militate against the finding of
corruption. In Tjong Mark Edward at [28], it was said that “it is not corrupt
to reward someone for doing what he was already supposed to do”. That was not
what transpired here.

55 Although Aloysius had concocted the false story after the award of the FP
Project, the motivation behind the payment of the sum of $300,000 was to
gratify Mr Ng for awarding the FP Project in accordance with the purported
arrangement between him and Aloysius – ie, the first purpose – and to further
NHE’s other business interests moving forward (ie, the second and third
purposes). By doing so, the appellants had adopted and affirmed what they
understood to be the arrangement between Aloysius and Mr Ng as regards the
award of the FP Project (ie, the first purpose). Their concern was that the
failure to keep to that arrangement would have downstream consequences both of
which concerned the second and third purposes. As such, David’s reliance on
Tjong Mark Edward was misplaced.

56 Thus, the third element was made out.

Element 4 – Guilty knowledge

57 The fourth element was satisfied. This element poses a subjective test with
an inherent objective element “in that the guilty knowledge was that of
knowing or realising that what [the accused] did was corrupt by the ordinary
and objective standard”: see Fong Ser Joo William v Public Prosecutor [2000] 3
SLR(R) 12 at [33]. A surreptitious attempt to legitimise the gratification is
indicative of guilty knowledge: see Tan Tze Chye v Public Prosecutor [1996] 3
SLR(R) 357 at [45].

58 Jason raised various contentions on appeal; they primarily related to the
contention that he was not aware that it was corrupt to pay Mr Ng the sum of
$300,000 so that Mr Ng would not make things difficult for NHE. Jason also
contended that he thought it was not corrupt to give Mr Ng the said sum if NHE
was going to receive money from KK which was legitimately owed to it. However,
the facts did not support his contentions.

59 First, the appellants were aware that the gratification was a bribe. In
P37, Jason said that the appellants knew that giving the sum of $300,000 was
an offence but nonetheless went ahead to make the payment. Similarly, in P32,
David accepted that he knew that it was not legal to pay the said sum but
chose to do so anyway.

60 Second, the two payment vouchers signed by the appellants and Aloysius did
not state the true purpose of the payments. As noted above at [8], payment
voucher no. 2000 dated 14 July 2014 described the payment as “Entertainment”.
This was false. Payment voucher no. 2149 dated 29 September 2014 described the
payment as “Contra A/C”. Again, this was false. In P32, David accepted that
genuine entertainment expenses would be accompanied by receipts attached to
the payment voucher. There were no receipts attached to payment voucher no.
2000 for an obvious reason: the payment was the gratification the appellants
intended to pay Mr Ng. The false descriptions of the payments in the payment
vouchers spoke to the appellants’ guilty knowledge.

61 I make a further point. As noted earlier, the cheques were cash cheques.
This ensured that the identity of the payee was not apparent from the cheques.
No satisfactory explanation was offered by the appellants before the DJ as to
why cash cheques were issued. That further underscored the conclusion that the
appellants wanted to hide the true purpose of the payments.

62 Thus, the fourth element was made out.

63 Therefore, the four elements for the corruption charge under s 5(b)(i) of
the PCA were made out. I turn to consider whether there was a conspiracy to
commit the corrupt acts.

Issue 3: Conspiracy to commit the corrupt acts

64 The essence of a conspiracy is an agreement or a common design: see Public
Prosecutor v Yeo Choon Poh [1993] 3 SLR(R) 302 at [19]. The conspirators do
not have to be equally informed of all the details of the conspiracy. However,
they must at the minimum be aware of the general purpose of the plot and that
plot must be unlawful: see Nomura Taiji and others v Public Prosecutor [1998]
1 SLR(R) 259 at [110].

65 Jason submitted that the Prosecution did not establish that there was a
conspiracy between the appellants with the same general purpose. Moreover, he
submitted that he had believed that it was not corrupt to give the moneys to
KK if he was going to receive money which was legitimately owed to NHE. I note
that the latter submission was made in the context of a conspiracy though it
ought to have been made in relation to the element of a guilty knowledge. In
view of this, I addressed this submission at [57]–[62] above. In any event, I
did not accept both of Jason’s contentions.

66 The evidence supported the conclusion that the appellants agreed to make
the payments for the three purposes specified above (see [16] above). Thus,
there was a conspiracy amounting to abetment to corruptly gratify Mr Ng within
the meaning of s 107(1)(b) of the Penal Code.

67 Therefore, I dismissed the appeals against conviction. I turn to discuss
the fourth issue – the appeals against sentence.

Issue 4: Sentence

Grounds for appellate intervention

68 An appellate court may intervene on sentence in four instances (see ADF at
[17]):

(a) where the trial judge erred in respect of the proper factual basis for
sentencing;

(b) where the trial judge failed to appreciate the material placed before the
court;

(c) where the sentence imposed by the trial judge was wrong in principle; or

(d) where the sentence imposed by the trial judge was manifestly inadequate or
manifestly excessive.

Here, the second and third grounds were salient grounds for appellate
intervention on sentence.

69 With regard to the second ground, it may be said that a trial judge has
failed to appreciate the material placed before the court if he or she makes a
finding of fact which is not supported by the evidence: see Angliss Singapore
Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 at [48] and [93]. I found that
in applying the Romel framework, the DJ failed to appreciate the material
placed before the court on David’s case. As noted earlier, the transactions
were made for the three purposes specified above at [16]. The DJ, at [142] of
the GD, found that for the purposes of sentencing “it was not in dispute that
the present case was a private sector corruption case which fell within the
first category of cases stated in Romel” [emphasis added]. Contrary to the
DJ’s finding, this was a disputed issue at trial. In David’s Sentencing
Submissions dated 2 December 2020, he submitted that while the first purpose
behind the transaction would rightly fall under Category 1 of the Romel
framework, the second and third purposes ought to fall under Category 3 of the
Romel framework. This was the same position taken by David during oral
submissions on sentence. Indeed, for the reasons canvassed below at [81]–[85],
I found that the second and third purposes did fall under Category 3 of the
Romel framework. Thus, the DJ failed to properly appreciate the submissions on
this issue.

70 Moreover, the sentence imposed was wrong in principle. A sentence would be
wrong in principle when, amongst other reasons, the lower court incorrectly
accords weight to aggravating and mitigating factors: see Public Prosecutor v
UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 (“UI”) at [76]. The concern in such cases is that the
sentence imposed would breach the principle of consistency in sentencing: see
UI at [75].

71 The DJ applied the wrong sentencing principle on two occasions: (a) by
giving credit to the appellants for not having any related criminal
antecedents (at [157] of the GD); and (b) in finding that the appellants’ act
of claiming trial suggested that they had no remorse which justified an uplift
to their sentence (at [159] of the GD). I deal with each in turn.

72 First, it was wrong to discount the sentence simply because of the lack of
related antecedents – this was merely a neutral factor: see BPH v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 764 at [85]. Second, it was
incorrect to treat the act of claiming trial as ipso facto grounds for finding
a lack of remorse which could aggravate the sentence: see Public Prosecutor v
Ridhaudin Ridhwan bin Bakri and others [2020] 4 SLR 790 (“Ridhaudin”) at [56].
In Public Prosecutor v BLV [2020] 3 SLR 166, at [135], the High Court held
that “even in relation to sexual offences, an accused person’s claiming trial
does not in itself expose him to any additional uplift or increase in
sentence, but rather connotes merely that he does not qualify for a discount
for pleading guilty”. In Ridhaudin, the High Court held, at [57], that “a
relatively high threshold must be met for this to be an offender-specific
aggravating factor, such as where the accused conducts his defence in an
extravagant and unnecessary manner or makes scandalous allegations in respect
of the victim”. Here, the appellants claimed trial on the basis they had been
deceived by Aloysius’s false story. This was not a case that was extravagant
or unnecessary such that an uplift was warranted. The DJ did not explain why
the appellants claiming trial met this high threshold. Further, there was
nothing in the manner in which the defence was conducted at trial that
warranted an uplift. Indeed, the Prosecution did not make this submission
before the DJ in their written or oral submissions.

73 Therefore, there were two grounds for appellate intervention on sentence:
the DJ’s failure to appreciate the material placed before the court, and the
imposition of a sentence which was wrong in principle. The next question is
what the applicable sentencing framework ought to be.

Applicable sentencing framework

74 The Prosecution submitted that the Romel framework should apply. On the
other hand, the appellants submitted that the framework in Goh Ngak Eng should
apply. I briefly outline the two frameworks.

75 In Romel, the court categorised sentences into three broad and non-
exhaustive categories (at [26]). Category 1 applies where the receiving party
receives gratification or is paid a reward to confer on the paying party a
benefit that is within the receiving party’s power to confer, without regard
to whether the paying party ought properly to have received that benefit.
Category 2 applies where the receiving party receives gratification or is paid
a reward to forbear from performing what he is duty bound to do, thereby
conferring a benefit on the paying party. Category 3 applies where a receiving
party receives gratification or is paid a reward so that he will forbear from
inflicting harm on the paying party, even though there may be no lawful basis
for the infliction of such harm. Under the Romel framework, the “court must
correctly locate the facts of the case, including the circumstances of the
offender that is before it within the continuum of the facts in previously
decided cases before coming to a conclusion as to the appropriate sentence”:
see Romel at [31].

76 In respect of Category 1, whether the custodial threshold is crossed
depends on the facts. Category 2 cases frequently attract custodial sentences.
For Category 3 cases, the court in Romel explained that the receiving party,
as opposed to the paying party, tends to have heightened culpability due to
the presence of two factors: first, in seeking payment from the paying party;
and second, by threatening to inflict harm on the paying party if the bribe is
not paid when there is no lawful basis for doing so. These factors result in
the deprivation of the paying party’s legitimate rights unless he pays a
bribe: see Romel at [27]–[29].

77 In comparison, the framework in Goh Ngak Eng was for private sector
corruption offences under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA. It is modelled after
the two-stage, five-step framework in Logachev Vladislav v Public Prosecutor
[2018] 4 SLR 609 (see Goh Ngak Eng at [45]–[47]). At the first stage, the
court arrives at an indicative starting point sentence for the offender which
reflects the intrinsic seriousness of the offending act. This first stage
involves three steps:

(a) the court identifies, by reference to factors specific to the particular
offence under consideration, (i) the level of harm caused by the offence and
(ii) the level of the offender’s culpability;

(b) the court identifies the applicable indicative sentencing range by
reference to the level of harm caused by the offence and the level of the
offender’s culpability; and

(c) the court identifies the appropriate starting point within the indicative
sentencing range that was identified in step two.

78 At the second stage, the court makes adjustments to the starting point
sentence identified under the first stage and arrives at a sentence that
reflects the personal circumstances of the offender, by taking into account
the relevant aggravating and/or mitigating circumstances unique to the
offender and considering if the sentence arrived at is proportionate and
consistent with the overall criminality of the offender. This stage consists
of two steps:

(a) The court makes adjustments to the identified starting point as may be
necessary to take into account factors personal to the offender’s particular
circumstances (ie, offender-specific factors).

(b) Where an offender has been convicted of multiple charges, the court
considers if further adjustments should be made to the sentence for the
individual charges to take into account the totality principle.

79 I found that the Romel framework applied in this case. The court in Goh
Ngak Eng expressly limited the framework there to cases arising under s 6 of
the PCA for the reasons expressed in the judgment. As the court in Goh Ngak
Eng highlighted, ss 5 and 6 of the PCA are directed at distinct mischiefs and
therefore engage different considerations in the sentencing exercise: see Goh
Ngak Eng at [50]–[51]. Further, a sentencing matrix would ordinarily be
calibrated based on sentences for the same offences in the past. It follows
that the sentencing matrix in Goh Ngak Eng would have been based on data
involving sentences under s 6 and not s 5 of the PCA. I did not have the data
for offences under s 5 of the PCA and there was no evidence to suggest that
the data sets in respect of both provisions were the same. It was, thus, not
apparent why it was appropriate for the framework in Goh Ngak Eng to be mapped
over to this case. Nevertheless, I accepted that the offence-specific factors
going towards harm and culpability, as outlined in Goh Ngak Eng at [95], were
relevant to cases under s 5 of the PCA.

80 Thus, I applied the Romel framework to the facts in this case.

The appropriate sentence

81 I found that the first purpose fell within Category 1, and the latter two
purposes within Category 3 of the Romel framework. The first purpose – to pay
Mr Ng for the award of the FP Project to NHE – involved paying Mr Ng a reward
for a contract which was within his power to award. This purpose fell squarely
within Category 1.

82 The latter two purposes evinced the appellants’ concern that Mr Ng would
act in a manner that would hurt NHE’s interests (ie, by withholding progress
payments already due to NHE and by making things difficult for NHE in relation
to other projects). The Prosecution submitted that these purposes shaded into
Category 2 since the gratifications were for the purpose of getting Mr Ng “to
act in a manner that was derelict in his duty; i.e., to refrain from
withholding progress payments to NHE regardless of whether there were grounds
for KK to withhold them … and for [Mr Ng] not to make things difficult or to
slacken in his oversight of NHE”. However, this was not an accurate reflection
of the circumstances.

83 Category 2 relates to paying the receiving party to forbear from performing
what he is duty bound to do. There was no evidence to support the conclusion
that the appellants’ motivation was to get Mr Ng to avoid taking actions that
he was duty bound to take. Rather, the concern appeared to be to avoid a
situation where Mr Ng would go out of his way to (a) stop progress payments
that were due and payable to NHE in relation to the FP Project, and (b) make
things difficult for NHE’s other projects. It must be remembered that the
second and third purposes were tied to the first purpose in that the
appellants were concerned that the failure to pay the sum of $300,000 to Mr Ng
for the award of the FP Project (ie, the first purpose) would have downstream
consequences for NHE which they sought to avoid, namely the second and third
purposes. This was supported by the objective evidence.

84 In P37, Jason stated that he and David “did not want to offend [Mr Ng]. If
we did not give the money demanded by [Mr Ng], he could hold back our
progressive payments [sic] or make things difficult in our operations”. In
P34, David stated that Aloysius told him that NHE could have “difficulty
getting progress payments through [Mr Ng] and [Mr Ng] could also make things
difficult for us for the other projects.” These statements suggested that the
appellants were concerned that Mr Ng might disrupt payments that were
rightfully owed to NHE, and also make things difficult for NHE in respect of
other ongoing projects. Indeed, as regards the second purpose (relating to the
progress payments under the FP Project), the DJ found that the payments were
to be made “to [Mr Ng] for him to refrain from showing disfavour to NHE by
withholding progress payments to NHE in relation to the FP project” [emphasis
added] (at [95] of the GD). Notably, most of the progress payments had been
paid and the works for the FP Project were about to come to an end by the time
Aloysius had concocted the false story of Mr Ng demanding the $300,000. This
was not a case, as the Prosecution suggested, where the gratification was
given to Mr Ng to, inter alia, procure him to forbear from going through the
proper processes when assessing if progress payments were payable.

85 In view of the evidence, the first purpose for the gratification fell under
Category 1 and the latter two purposes fell under Category 3 of the Romel
framework.

86 I then considered the offence-specific factors going towards harm and
culpability as set out in Goh Ngak Eng at [95]. The harm here was the public
disquiet caused by the offence in that corrupt acts impact society’s
expectations that transactions and decisions in both the private and public
spheres will be carried out fairly and transparently: see Public Prosecutor v
Wong Chee Meng and another appeal [2020] 5 SLR 807 at [67]. There was no harm
caused to KK since the gratification was never paid to Mr Ng as Aloysius had
concocted the story.

87 The factors relating to culpability were the quantum of the gratification,
the degree of pre-meditation, and both the appellants’ abuse of their
respective positions within NHE. First, the quantum involved – the sum of
$300,000 – was substantial. Second, there was a significant degree of pre-
meditation. The appellants had consciously attempted to conceal the two
transactions by miscrediting them as “Entertainment” and “Contra A/C” in the
payment vouchers and using cash cheques (see [60]–[61] above). Moreover, by
issuing cash cheques, the appellants had hidden the identity of the payee. In
the circumstances, I found that there was a material degree of pre-meditation
in giving the gratification. Lastly, the appellants had abused their
respective positions in the company; Jason was a director who had signed on
the payment vouchers and the corresponding cheques; David’s signature on the
payment vouchers led to Jason following his lead and agreeing to sign on them.

88 In assessing the appropriate sentence, I considered in particular the
decisions of Public Prosecutor v Geow Chwee Hiam [2016] SGDC 139 (“Geow Chwee
Hiam”), Public Prosecutor v Soh Yew Meng DAC-933429-2015 (7 February 2017)
(District Court, Singapore) (“Soh Yew Meng”), and Kannan s/o Kunjiraman and
another v Public Prosecutor [1995] 3 SLR(R) 294 (“Kannan”). I was cognisant
that Geow Chwee Hiam and Soh Yew Meng involved s 6(a) of the PCA. However,
they served as a useful guide to how the sentence should be calibrated as
those cases applied Romel and not Goh Ngak Eng.

89 In Geow Chwee Hiam, the accused pleaded guilty to three charges under s
6(a) of the PCA and consented to five similar charges being taken into
consideration in sentencing. The accused, the director and head of a company,
Island Landscape & Nursery Pte Ltd (“ILN”), solicited gratification in
exchange for furthering the business interests of the giver’s company. The
total quantum for the three proceeded charges was $80,000 and the remaining
amount in the other five charges was $63,000. The accused received the
payments on eight occasions between November 2008 and December 2010. The
corrupt acts took place over a long timeframe; there were multiple payments;
there was an abuse of power and authority by the accused in respect of ILN;
there was planning and premeditation; and the entire case fell within Category
1 of Romel. The global sentence imposed was eight months’ imprisonment.

90 The circumstances here were more serious than Geow Chwee Hiam. The two
cases were analogous insofar as there was an abuse of power and authority, and
planning and premeditation on the facts. Although the gratification took place
over a longer period of time in Geow Chwee Hiam, the accused in that case had
pleaded guilty and the quantum involved was significantly lower. Even
including the charges taken into consideration, the total gratification was
$143,000 there, which was less than half the amount in this case. Thus, the
sentence here had to be greater than in Geow Chwee Hiam.

91 In Soh Yew Meng, the accused pleaded guilty to three charges under s 6(a)
of the PCA for obtaining bribes of $150,000, $150,000, and $15,000. The global
sentence imposed was 14 months’ imprisonment. The accused was a Director of
the Building Enhancement Department of Resorts World Sentosa Pte Ltd (“RWS”).
He had sought gratification from different contractors that were seeking to be
awarded projects from RWS. Regarding two of the charges, the accused received
$300,000 (in two payments of $150,000 each) from the managing director of one
contractor in exchange for information on the bid that the contractor’s
competitors would submitting for a project. In respect of the third charge,
the accused received $15,000 from the director of another contractor in
exchange for awarding one of RWS’s projects to that contractor. There was
planning involved in Soh Yew Meng. There was also actual harm because RWS’s
tender process was compromised.

92 I agreed with the DJ’s observation that Soh Yew Meng involved a more
aggravated factual matrix than the present case (at [160] of the GD). Even
accounting for the fact that the accused pleaded guilty in that case, the
quantum there was higher, the accused had received bribes from two different
sources, and there was a higher degree of sophistication in how the moneys
were moved – in respect of the first charge, the accused’s girlfriend had
deposited part of the bribe in two of her bank accounts and used part thereof
to purchase a condominium where she and the accused lived subsequently. Thus,
the sentence in the present case had to be lower than that imposed in Soh Yew
Meng.

93 In Kannan, amongst other charges, the accused faced a charge under s
5(b)(i) of the PCA for conspiring with one Rajendran to bribe Mr David Lee,
Singapore’s then national goalkeeper, to concede goals during a soccer match.
The bribe was never paid to Mr David Lee. The quantum involved was
significantly lower, at $80,000. The sentence was one year’s imprisonment and
a $40,000 fine (in default 4 months’ imprisonment).

94 Kannan was relevant here because it was factually analogous in that there
was a conspiracy to pay a bribe which did not reach the intended recipient. I
noted that the quantum of the gratification in this case was higher than in
Kannan. However, there were two points of distinction. First, Kannan pertained
to a corruption offence with a strong public interest element. The High Court
in Kannan had noted that soccer was a sport with a wide following and offences
of that nature attracted much public attention (at [24]). In contrast, the
present case was one of private sector corruption. Although there is some
public disquiet caused by corruption offences in the private sector, the
public interest element is arguably not as compelling as in Kannan. The second
point of distinction was that the second and third purposes fell under
Category 3. This had to factor in the assessment of the appropriate sentence
as well.

95 In view of the precedents, I found that the sentence in this case should
lie between that in Geow Chwee Hiam and Soh Yew Meng. However, given that the
quantum here was significantly higher than in Kannan, the sentence in the
present case ought not to have been lower than that in Kannan. Considering the
harm and culpability factors, as well as the fact that two of the purposes
fell under Category 3 of the Romel framework, I sentenced each of the
appellants to a global sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment.

Conclusion

96 Therefore, I dismissed the appeals on conviction and allowed the appeals
against sentence. The sentence in respect of each appellant was reduced from
16 months’ imprisonment to 12 months’ imprisonment.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of Appellate Division

Balachandran Suren Jaesh (Bishop Law Corporation) for the appellant in HC/MA
9108/2021/01;

Wong Ci (Circular Law Chambers LLP) (instructed), Luke Anton Netto and Aylwyn
Seto Zi You (Netto & Magin LLC) for the appellant in HC/MA 9109/2021/01;

Tay Jingxi, David Menon and Cheng You Duen (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Oct 2023 (11:33 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

