Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 182

Criminal Case No 12 of 2023

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Affandi bin Mohamed Hassan  
---|---  
  
GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Affandi bin Mohamed Hassan

[2023] SGHC 182

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 12 of 2023  
See Kee Oon J  
23–24, 28–29, 31 March, 13 April 2023

30 June 2023

See Kee Oon J:

1 The accused claimed trial to a charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of
the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) for having in his
possession a controlled drug for the purpose of trafficking. The quantity of
controlled drugs in question was 2,752.64g of granular/powdery substance which
was analysed and found to contain not less than 24.64g of diamorphine, also
known by its street name of heroin. This was made up of three sets of drugs,
which I will refer to as the “A”, “B” and “D” drugs, which were recovered from
Block 305 Serangoon Avenue 2, #04-88, Singapore (“the flat”) where the accused
resided until his arrest.

2 At the conclusion of the trial, I was satisfied that the Prosecution had
proven the charge beyond a reasonable doubt. Upon delivering brief oral
grounds for my decision to find him guilty, the accused was convicted and
sentenced to the mandatory death sentence. I now set out the grounds of my
decision in full, incorporating my oral grounds and elaborating upon them
where necessary.

Agreed and undisputed facts

3 A 51-page Statement of Agreed Facts (“SOAF”) was tendered pursuant to s
267(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) at the
commencement of the trial. There was substantial agreement on the evidence
adduced by the Prosecution. I shall proceed to summarise the material points
from the SOAF alongside the undisputed facts from the evidence adduced at
trial, with reference also to material contained in the Agreed Bundle (“AB”).

4 The accused was arrested at the flat on 10 December 2020 by officers from th
e Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”), who were acting on information that was
received pertaining to drug activities. The accused was residing at the flat
at the material time. The flat belonged to a brother of his friend, one
“Talib”, who stayed there with his Filipino wife. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) at p 327 at A2 and A4; AB480 at para 2.

5 The accused was previously convicted for various offences including drug
offences. He was released from prison in 2018 after serving his sentence under
the LT-2 regime as a repeat offender for the offence of drug consumption.
After his release from prison, the accused worked as a laundry operator until
mid-2019. Between then and the time of his arrest, he remained unemployed. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AB480 at paras 3–4.

6 All the drugs forming the subject-matter of the charge were recovered from
within the flat from different locations. The accused was in possession of all
the drugs, and he knew that the drugs contained diamorphine. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOAF at para 61; Defence’s Skeletal Closing Submissions (“DSCS”) at para 3i.

The “A” drugs were repackaged by him and meant to be sold to other persons. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

DSCS at paras 3ii and 17g.

The chain of custody of the drugs and the DNA analysis conducted by the Health
Sciences Authority (“HSA”) were not disputed.

7 The salient details pertaining to the “A”, “B” and “D” drugs were as
follows: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOAF at para 60.

(a) The “A” drugs comprised 61 packets of diamorphine which were seized from
under the bed in the bedroom beside the kitchen (the “Bedroom”). The HSA
analysis of the “A” drugs determined that they contained not less than 6.96g
of diamorphine in total. [Note: there is a typographical error in the
Prosecution’s Opening Statement at para 12, S/N 2 for the exhibit marked
A1A1B1A – the HSA analysis result should reflect “not less than 1.33g” and not
“not less than 1.25g”. This is verifiable from the HSA certificate issued in
respect of A1A1B1A. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB172. See also SOAF at para 60.

]

(b) The “B” drugs comprised four packets and two straws of diamorphine which
were found in a box seized from the bedside table in the Bedroom. The Health
Sciences Authority (“HSA”) analysis of the “B” drugs determined that they
contained not less than 0.24g of diamorphine in total. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB192–195 and 210.

(c) The “D” drugs comprised three bundles wrapped in black tape which were
seized from the dining table in the living room. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOAF at para 23.

One bundle marked as “D1A” contained two packets of diamorphine which were in
turn marked as “D1A1A” and “D1A2A” respectively. The second bundle was marked
as “D1B”, containing two packets of diamorphine which were in turn marked as
“D1B1A” and “D1B2A” respectively. The third bundle was marked as “D1C1”,
containing one packet of diamorphine which was marked as “D1C1A1”. The Health
Sciences Authority (“HSA”) analysis of the “D” drugs determined that they
contained not less than 17.44g of diamorphine in total. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOAF at p 35.

8 There were other drugs found in the flat but these were not the subject
matter of the charge. These were referred to at the trial as the “C” and “E”
drugs. Various items related to drug consumption such as glass utensils,
improvised smoking utensils, lighters, aluminium foil, cotton buds, stained
spoons, syringes and straws were seized. In addition, drug trafficking-related
paraphernalia including empty plastic packets, digital weighing scales and
masking tape were seized. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOAF at paras 7–9.

9 The accused’s DNA was found on numerous seized exhibits related to the “A”,
“B” and “D” drugs. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOAF at para 70.

However, in relation to the “D” drugs, his DNA was not detected on either the
exterior of the three black-taped bundles D1A, D1B and D1C1 or on their
interior. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOAF at para 70.

Two of these black-taped bundles contained two “stones” of diamorphine, and
one bundle contained only one “stone”, with a total of five “stones” in the
three bundles. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOAF at pp 14–15.

10 Two of the accused’s urine samples were submitted for HSA analysis. Both
certificates stated that the accused’s urine contained 11-Nor-
delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid, methamphetamine and
monoacetylmorphine. Monoacetylmorphine is a known metabolite of diamorphine.
11-Nor-delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid is a known metabolite of
cannabis. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOAF at paras 87–88.

11 Apart from medical reports pertaining to medical examinations on the
accused which were unexceptional, the AB included a psychiatric assessment
report dated 8 January 2021 on the accused prepared by Dr Derrick Yeo Chen
Kuan (“Dr Derrick Yeo”) from the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) (“the IMH
Report”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB236–241.

In the IMH Report, Dr Yeo confirmed that the accused was likely to be
suffering from opiate (diamorphine) use disorder at the time of the alleged
offence. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB240.

He did not meet the criteria for intellectual disability and was not of
unsound mind at and around the material time of the alleged offence. He was
therefore fit to plead in a court of law. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOAF at paras 94–95.

12 POLCAM (Police Camera) footage files were obtained from the ground floor of
lift lobby “B” of Block 305 Serangoon Avenue 2 (“Block 305”) and the stairwell
between the ground floor of lift lobby “B” and the second floor of Block 305
for the following dates and timings:

(a) 7 December 2020 (10.45pm to 10.50pm);

(b) 8 December 2020 (4.41am to 4.46am); and

(c) 10 December 2020 (12.10pm to 12.30pm; 1.22pm to 1.27pm; 2.21pm to 2.31pm).
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOAF at para 96.

13 POLCAM footage for 9 December 2020 (10.30pm to 11.59pm) was also obtained.
It did not show the accused at the lift lobby. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AB472–473, paras 98 and 100.

14 A contemporaneous statement 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB327–332 (Exhibit P44).

was recorded by Station Inspector Mohamed Fadli Bin Mohamed Sayee (“SI Fadli”)
shortly after the accused was arrested on 10 December 2020. As stated in the
SOAF, all the statements recorded from the accused, comprising the
contemporaneous statement, several cautioned statements, as well as seven
investigative statements recorded under s 22 of the CPC (the “1st, 2nd, 3rd,
4th, 5th, 6th and 7th long statements” respectively) were given voluntarily,
without threat, inducement or promise. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOAF at para 99.

They were recorded accurately based on what the accused told the statement
recorders. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOAF at para 99.

The accused confirmed this upon cross-examination and did not challenge the
admissibility of all the statements. Accordingly, the statements were admitted
in evidence.

The case for the Prosecution

15 The accused did not dispute that he intended to traffic in the “A” and “D”
drugs. The Prosecution’s case was that the accused intended to traffic in the
“B” drugs as well, contrary to the accused’s claim that these were for his own
consumption. In respect of the “D” drugs, the Prosecution’s case was that the
accused was not a mere courier.

16 The Prosecution highlighted that the accused had given inconsistent
accounts in his investigative statements regarding various material issues. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 12.

These included different accounts relating to the ownership of the “B” drugs.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCS at para 13.

More pertinently, in relation to the “D” drugs, he gave inconsistent accounts
of how he came to receive them from one “Bob”, and whether he would be paid
$500 by “Ah Kwang” for receiving them or was merely doing a favour for one
“Salim Babu” (also known as Mohamad Salim Bawany (“Salim”)) with no
expectation of payment. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCS at para 14; AB at p 513, para 44.

17 The Prosecution further argued that the accused also gave inconsistent
accounts in respect of several matters, which were as follows. To begin with,
as regards the alleged recipients of the “D” drugs, the accused gave differing
accounts involving one “Aboy Tamling” (also known as “Hassan Pekboon”
(“Pekboon”)), Salim and himself. He initially claimed that one black bundle
was meant for “Pekboon” and the other two were for Salim. He subsequently
claimed that at least three “stones” of diamorphine were for “Pekboon” (ie, at
least two black bundles), while at least one of the remaining two “stones”
might be given to “Pekboon” and the last “stone” would potentially be split
equally between Salim and himself. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PCS at para 15(a).

18 The accused further claimed that Salim and “Pekboon” would be paying him
$11,100 and $7,400 respectively for the “D” drugs. He subsequently alleged
that he was not expecting any payment from them. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PCS at para 15(b).

19 The accused had claimed in both his contemporaneous and long statements
that he had been contacted by “Ah Kwang” on a Malaysian telephone line on 9
December 2020 at about 11pm about the arrangements to collect the drugs.
However, the call records for the accused’s mobile phone showed that he had
not received phone calls from any Malaysian number anytime between 8 to 10
December 2020. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PCS at para 16.

The accused had also claimed that Salim called him about the drugs on 8 or 9
December 2020 but once again the relevant call records for his mobile phone
did not reveal any calls from Salim’s mobile phone number. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB243–277.

20 In his 1st long statement, the accused further claimed that he had gone
down to the void deck of Block 305 on 9 December 2020 to collect the “D” drugs
from Bob. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB481 at para 7.

However, the POLCAM footage reviewed by Inspector Tan Leong Poh (“IO Desmond”)
showed that the accused did not take the lift nor the stairs down to the
ground level of Block 305 from between 9 December 2020 at 10.30pm to 10
December 2020 at 1.59am. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PCS at para 17.

21 In view of the accused’s claims at trial that Salim was involved in the “D”
drug order with “Ah Kwang”, was one of the intended recipients of the “D”
drugs, and would be paying him $11,100, the Prosecution called Salim as a
rebuttal witness. Salim was serving his sentence of four years’ imprisonment
on charges of drug possession and consumption. He was originally charged for
abetting the accused with drug trafficking but subsequently given a discharge
not amounting to an acquittal.

22 Salim testified that he had purchased drugs from the accused before but did
not order any drugs from “Ah Kwang” or the accused and was not expecting any
drugs from them in connection with the present case. He could not remember
calling the accused or speaking to him two days prior to the accused’s arrest
on 10 December 2020. He did not recognise any of the “D” drugs. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) dated 29 March 2023 at pp 6–7.

These aspects of Salim’s evidence were unchallenged by the accused during
Salim’s cross-examination. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PCS at para 61.

The case for the Defence

23 From what emerged during the trial, the defence was premised on two main
contentions: first, that the “B” drugs were solely for the accused’s own
consumption; and second, that he was only a courier in relation to the “D”
drugs. He had agreed to work for “Ah Kwang” in return for payment of $500, to
take delivery of the “D” drugs on “Ah Kwang”’s instructions and to hold on to
them before passing them to Salim and “Pekboon”.

24 In his 1st long statement, the accused claimed that on 9 December 2020, “Ah
Kwang” called him to tell him that two “stones” of diamorphine would be
delivered later that day. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AB481, para 7.

However, in his 5th long statement, he claimed that Salim had called him first
on 8 December 2020 to inform him that “Ah Kwang” would deliver two “stones” of
diamorphine to him on 9 December 2020. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AB513, para 44.

Sometime after 11pm on 9 December 2020, the accused received a call from “Bob”
about the drug collection arrangements. The accused proceeded to the void deck
below Block 305 and collected the “D” drugs from “Bob”. According to him,
“Bob” was a male Malay who drove a white Mazda car. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AB481, para 7.

25 The accused further claimed that upon returning to the flat, he was
surprised to find that there were five “stones” of diamorphine instead of two.
“Ah Kwang” then contacted him and told him that three “stones” were for
“Pekboon” and the accused should call Salim regarding the delivery arrangement
to “Pekboon”. The accused discussed the matter with Salim, and they agreed
that “Pekboon” could take the remaining two “stones” of diamorphine if he
wished (ie, all five “stones”). Alternatively, Salim and the accused would
split one “stone” between themselves, leaving four “stones” for “Pekboon”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AB482, para 9.

26 The accused maintained that the “D” drugs did not belong to him but were
delivered to him by “Bob”. According to the accused, he had taken a consistent
stand that he was a courier in relation to the “D” drugs which he was holding
on to, intending to pass them to Salim and “Pekboon”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DSCS at para 22.

The Prosecution’s submissions

27 In view of the accused’s statements and his oral testimony at the trial,
the Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) focused primarily on: (a) the
“B” drugs, insofar as the accused had denied intending to traffic in them; and
(b) whether he was only a courier in relation to the “D” drugs.

The “B” drugs

28 In respect of the “B” drugs, the Prosecution pointed first to the
inconsistencies in the accused’s accounts both at trial and in his 4th long
statement as to ownership and possession of the “B” drugs. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB509, para 37, Exhibit P152; PCS at para 32.

Although the issue of possession was ultimately conceded by the accused at
trial, the Prosecution submitted that the accused’s lies undermined his
credibility and his subsequent claim that the “B” drugs were only meant for
consumption. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PCS at para 31.

29 The accused only conceded that he did possess the “B” drugs after being
confronted under cross-examination with objective evidence from the HSA
Forensic Chemistry and Physics Laboratory Report (the “FCPL Report”) 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AB94–127.

linking some of the plastic packets in the “B” drug exhibits to other plastic
packets in the “A” and “E” drug exhibits. The FCPL Report showed that these
plastic packets were batch-manufactured consecutively. The Prosecution
therefore submitted that the inexorable inference was that the accused had
similarly packed the “B” drugs. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PCS at paras 31 and 36.

30 When cross-examined and asked to explain why he had lied about possession
of the “B” drugs, the accused admitted that he had no valid explanation. He
also admitted that he had no valid reason for failing to inform the recording
officer that he had intended to consume the “B” drugs, when he had done so for
the “C” drugs in the same statement. Accordingly, the Prosecution submitted
that the only inference that could be drawn was that the accused had
deliberately lied about the “B” drugs as they were meant for trafficking and
not consumption. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PCS at para 32.

31 As for the presence of utensils for drug consumption which were found in
the same box containing the “B” drugs, the Prosecution contended that they did
not support the accused’s claim that the “B” drugs were for consumption. The
accused had admitted that these utensils were for the consumption of
methamphetamine and not diamorphine. Moreover, the four packets of diamorphine
marked as B1A1 were packed in the same manner using the same plastic packets
as the “A” drugs, which were meant for sale. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PCS at para 33.

The “D” drugs

32 As for the “D” drugs, the Prosecution’s case was that the accused had
failed to discharge his burden under s 33B(2) of the MDA to prove on a balance
of probabilities that he was a courier, applying the legal principles laid
down by the Court of Appeal in Zainudin bin Mohamed v Public Prosecutor [2018]
1 SLR 449 (at [109]). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

PCS at para 23.

33 Essentially, the Prosecution contended that the accused’s “courier” defence
was a bare allegation and should thus be rejected. Moreover, the Prosecution
argued that the accused’s numerous lies which were evident from his
inconsistent evidence not only damaged his credibility but corroborated his
guilt, in line with the Court of Appeal’s observations in Public Prosecutor v
Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi [2015] SGCA 33 (“Chukwudi”) (at [60] and [62]).
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PCS at para 27.

In view of the inconsistencies and lies in the accused’s account regarding his
receipt and intended delivery of the “D” drugs, and his undisputed status as a
drug trafficker who would repack and sell the “A” drugs, the Prosecution
submitted that inexorable inference was that he similarly intended to repack
and sell the “D” drugs. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PCS at para 37.

34 The Prosecution urged the court to reject the accused’s claim that he
collected the “D” drugs from “Bob” on the instructions of “Ah Kwang” as this
was contradicted by objective evidence and was internally inconsistent. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PCS at para 38.

When asked to explain the multiple inconsistencies and discrepancies in his
evidence, the accused was unable to offer any explanation. When pressed, he
resorted to claiming that he was confused or could not remember. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS at para 40.

35 The accused admitted under cross-examination that he had deliberately lied
about when and where he collected the “D” drugs, and about any expected
payment for the “D” drugs. He admitted to lying because he did not want the
CNB to know where, when and from whom he had collected the “D” drugs. As such,
the Prosecution argued that the only plausible motive for him to lie on these
material issues was because he was fearful that the CNB would trace his drug
supplier, who would then confirm that the “D” drugs were meant entirely for
him only and not for onward delivery to others. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PCS at paras 48–49.

36 As for the accused’s claims about the intended recipients to whom he would
deliver the “D” drugs, he had fabricated claims that Salim and/or “Pekboon”
were the intended recipients. In this regard, the Prosecution took the
position that he did so in order to mask the fact that all the “D” drugs were
meant for his own trafficking. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS at para 50.

37 The accused also admitted under cross-examination that he had falsely
implicated Salim. This corroborated Salim’s unchallenged testimony denying any
involvement with the “D” drugs. As for “Pekboon”, the accused admitted to
having lied about his contact details, the amount of diamorphine to be handed
over to “Pekboon” and how much money would be collected from “Pekboon”. On
this point, the Prosecution averred that the accused’s admitted lies about
both Salim and “Pekboon”’s involvement were deliberate and related to the
material issue of the intended recipient(s) of the “D” drugs, and that the
sole explanation for these lies was that the “D” drugs were meant solely for
the accused himself to traffic. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PCS at paras 51–62.

38 The Prosecution therefore submitted that the accused was unable to
satisfactorily show that he was only a courier in respect of the “D” drugs.

The Defence’s submissions

The “B” drugs

39 The accused maintained that the “B” drugs were for his own consumption and
not for sale to other persons. He pointed out that there were drug consumption
utensils including a lighter, cotton buds and improvised smoking implements
found together with the “B” drugs. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DSCS at para 18.

These utensils had signs of usage for consumption purposes, suggesting that
part of the “B” drugs had already been consumed. In addition, the “B” drugs
were found beside the bed in the Bedroom where the accused would sleep when no
one else was at home. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DSCS at para 18.

40 It was further submitted that if the “C” and “E” drugs were meant for his
own consumption, then all the more the “B” drugs were also for his personal
consumption given that the utensils bore obvious signs of use for consumption.
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DSCS at para 20.

Even if he was found to be untruthful in his long statement where he had
denied knowledge of the “B” drugs, that did not prevent a finding that he was
intending to consume them. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DSCS at paras 20–21.

The “D” drugs

41 The accused submitted that he had been consistent in his position that he
was a courier in respect of the “D” drugs, which he had received from “Bob”.
According to his account, he was holding on to them and intending to pass them
to “Pekboon” and Salim. In this regard, he relied on the fact that the “D”
drugs had not been repacked and interfered with, and that his DNA was not
found in the interior of the three black-taped bundles containing the “D”
drugs. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DSCS at paras 22–23.

42 The accused also submitted that even if his evidence relating to Salim were
disbelieved, this did not prevent a finding that he was a courier in respect
of the “D” drugs. The accused argued that Salim’s evidence was an attempt to
preserve his own self-interest since he was given a discharge not amounting to
an acquittal on a capital charge of abetting the accused to traffic in drugs.
It was submitted that he would not prejudice himself by admitting that he was
involved in the supply of drugs. It was further argued that Salim’s evidence
lent itself to a strong inference that he was involved in drug trafficking
given that he was jobless but spending up to $700 a week staying in hotels and
consuming drugs almost daily since 2017. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DSCS at para 25i–25ii.

43 In addition, Salim confirmed that the persons known as “Ah Kwang” and
“Pekboon” did actually exist (though he clarified that he knew “Pekboon” as
“Peh Hoon” instead). He had met “Ah Kwang” in prison. The accused argued that
this meant that the accused was telling the truth in his investigation
statements and on the witness stand. In other words, the accused’s position
was that he had proven on a balance of probabilities that he was merely a
courier taking instructions from “Ah Kwang” and had intended to sell drugs to
“Pekboon”. On this point, Salim had also admitted in his long statement
(Exhibit D2) that he had called the accused on 8 December 2020, and the
accused said that this admission was consistent with the accused’s account. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DSCS at para 25iii–25iv.

Issues for determination

44 There were two main issues for determination, namely:

(a) whether the Prosecution had proven that the “B” drugs were intended for
the purpose of trafficking; and

(b) whether the accused had proven on the balance of probabilities that he was
only a courier in relation to the “D” drugs.

My decision

45 As a preliminary observation, although the Prosecution had stated in its
Opening Statement that it would rely on the presumption of trafficking under s
17(c) of the MDA, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Prosecution’s Opening Statement para 4(c).

the issue of how the presumption would operate was not specifically addressed
in the PCS. It was not clear if this was an inadvertent or intentional
omission. In coming to my decision at the end of the trial, I assumed that the
Prosecution had revised its position and did not intend to rely on the
presumption, since the thrust of the PCS was directed at how the accused had
not raised any reasonable doubt.

46 The presumption was nevertheless operative on the facts and had the
Prosecution expressly submitted that it would be relying on it, this would
have placed the burden on the accused to show on the balance of probabilities
that he did not intend to traffic in all the drugs. Be that as it may, having
reviewed the evidence and the submissions, I was satisfied that the accused
had not raised any reasonable doubt that the “A”, “B” and “D” drugs were
intended for the purpose of trafficking. It would necessarily follow that the
accused would not have rebutted the presumption under s 17 on the balance of
probabilities in any event.

Were the “B” drugs intended for the purpose of trafficking?

47 Turning first to the “B” drugs, the accused’s primary contention was that
they were all meant for his own consumption. However, his evidence in relation
to ownership, possession and the intended purpose of the “B” drugs was
markedly inconsistent and unreliable.

48 Beginning with his contemporaneous statement, the accused had admitted that
the “B” drugs belonged to him. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB328 at A7.

He changed his position in his 4th long statement where he denied that they
belonged to him and that he did not know who they belonged to. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AB509 at para 37.

In his oral testimony at trial, he claimed that he did not know who packed the
items in the box containing the “B” drugs. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 52 ln 16–17.

When asked to clarify, he stated again that these drugs did not belong to him.
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 60 ln 4–7.

This was highly dubious given that possession of the “B” drugs was an agreed
fact in the SOAF. In the Defence’s Skeletal Closing Submissions (“DSCS”), it
was accepted that he was in possession of the “B” drugs. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DSCS at para 3i.

He did not assert at any point that he was a courier in relation to the “B”
drugs.

49 In my assessment, the accused had clearly lied in his oral testimony and in
his 4th long statement when he disavowed ownership and possession of the “B”
drugs. This was not only evident from his responses under cross-examination
but from his own counsel’s acceptance in the SOAF and in the DSCS that
possession of the “B” drugs was undisputed. Despite his claims of being
“confused”, the accused himself eventually conceded that he had no explanation
for denying possession of the “B” exhibits. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 61 ln 16–18.

This concession only came about after he was confronted with the findings in
the FCPL Report, showing that some of the plastic packets among the “B” drug
exhibits were linked to the plastic packets among the “A” and “E” drug
exhibits. In particular, some of the plastic packets were batch-manufactured
consecutively, showing that the accused had packed the “B” drugs together with
the “A” and “E” drugs. Accordingly, I was of the view that the accused owned
and possessed the “B” drugs.

50 Further, I found that the accused intended to traffic in the “B” drugs. In
this regard, both the “A” and “B” drugs were found in the Bedroom,
respectively below and beside the bed where it was undisputed that the accused
slept. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AB496–497.

The “B” drugs were packed in the same manner and using the same plastic
packets as the “A” drugs, the latter which the accused admitted were meant for
sale. In the absence of any other credible explanation from the accused, this
strongly indicated that the accused had also packed the “B” drug exhibits for
the purpose of sale. The accused further conceded that he had no reason for
failing to inform the recording officer of the 4th long statement that the “B”
drugs were solely for his own consumption, when he had readily done so for the
“C” drugs. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 62 ln 1–4.

He could easily have made a similar claim for the “B” drugs if it was indeed
true that they were intended purely for personal consumption. The fact that he
did not do so spoke volumes. This strongly suggested that they were not so
intended.

51 The mere fact that the “B” drugs were found together with drug consumption
utensils such as a lighter, cotton buds and improvised smoking implements was
not sufficient to raise a reasonable doubt that the “B” drugs were intended
solely for his own consumption. In any case, the accused had admitted that
these utensils were only for methamphetamine consumption. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 82 ln 15–25.

As such, while there may have been obvious signs of usage of the utensils for
drug consumption, this was of no assistance to him as well since the “B” drugs
were not methamphetamine but diamorphine. The fact that the drug utensils were
found in the same blue basket “B1” as the “B” drugs did not give rise to a
strong inference that the “B” drugs must have been intended for his own
consumption. The accused himself did not suggest at any time that he had a
habit or practice of keeping all the items intended for his personal use in
the same blue basket “B1” where all the “B” exhibits were found. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AB510.

52 I did consider the possibility that the accused could have kept aside some
drugs including the “B” drugs for his own consumption, since it was undisputed
that he had been abusing drugs. Moreover, the “B” drugs only concerned a small
quantity comprising four packets and two straws of diamorphine. Nevertheless,
the consumption defence was an obvious afterthought as it was never raised by
the accused until he testified at trial. In his 4th long statement, he had
flatly denied possession and ownership of the “B” drugs altogether, despite
having initially acknowledged in his contemporaneous statement that the “B”
drugs belonged to him. However, possession of the “B” drugs was an agreed fact
in the SOAF. The only logical inference from this was that his instructions to
counsel must have changed just prior to trial. At trial, he changed his
position once again and reverted to his denial of being in possession, only to
recant after being confronted with objective evidence in the FCPL Report. He
must have realised that he had no other option but to concede his possession
of the “B” drugs if his belatedly raised defence of consumption was to even
have a leg to stand on.

53 In summary, the accused had sought to raise different claims at different
points in time where the “B” drugs were concerned. He gave no explanations for
why he kept changing his position, in particular why he did not mention his
defence of consumption until he gave his defence at trial. I found that the
accused, as an undisputed trafficker of the “A” and “D” drugs, had not offered
any shred of evidence which would raise a reasonable doubt that the “B” drugs
were in his possession for the same purpose of trafficking. I found that he
must have repacked the “B” drugs in a similar fashion to the “A” drugs for the
purpose of sale.

Was the accused a courier in respect of the “D” drugs?

54 Where the “D” drugs were concerned, there was a litany of material
inconsistencies or flaws in the accused’s claims in his defence. I shall
outline a broad selection of these as follows.

“Ah Kwang”’s alleged involvement and instructions on the “D” drugs

55 The accused claimed in his contemporaneous statement that he worked for “Ah
Kwang” and followed his instructions, and would be paid $500 by “Ah Kwang” for
collecting the “D” drugs. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AB331 at A26–A28.

In his 1st long statement, the accused said that he was acting on “Ah Kwang”’s
instructions to collect two “stones” which were meant for Salim and the
accused himself. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB481 at para 7.

In his 2nd long statement, he said that “Ah Kwang” told him that as there were
five “stones”, three of the “stones” were for “Pekboon” 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AB482 at para 9.

In his 5th long statement, the accused changed his evidence again and
suggested that Salim had contacted him first to inform him about “Ah Kwang”
arranging for delivery of two “stones” of diamorphine, which were meant for
“Pekboon”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AB513 at para 44.

He said in his 5th long statement that he was only doing Salim a favour and
was not being paid for doing so. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AB513 at para 45.

56 The accused then contradicted his initial claims when he stated in his 6th
long statement dated 19 December 2020 that he did not work for “Ah Kwang” and
did not know who “Ah Kwang” was. He also claimed that he was not expecting
payment from “Ah Kwang”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AB530 at para 64.

As recorded in the IMH Report, he reportedly informed Dr Derrick Yeo that he
would not be paid but was just helping “Ah Kwang” to collect the four “blocks”
of diamorphine (not three black bundles or five “stones”) found in his
possession. He further reportedly claimed that “Ah Kwang” had reassured him
that the drugs were “paid for already” and that two “blocks” were for Salim
and the other two for “Pekboon”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AB239 at para 9.

57 During the trial, the accused claimed that there was no discussion about
payment with “Ah Kwang” during their phone call on 9 December 2020 but
nevertheless reverted to his initial claim that “Ah Kwang” had promised to pay
him $500 to “hold the item(s) for him”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 41 ln 16–30.

He explained that when he realised there were five “stones” in all instead of
two, he was surprised and he told “Ah Kwang” that he “did not order this much”
as he “merely ordered two stones”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 44 ln 12–24.

He claimed that “Ah Kwang” had told him that three “stones” were for
“Pekboon”, one “stone” was for Salim and the other for himself. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 44 ln 26–27.

58 He further claimed initially that “Ah Kwang” had told him to collect
payments from Salim and “Pekboon” but conceded under cross-examination that he
had lied about having to collect any payments from them. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 76 ln 17–18; p 79 ln 26–28; p 80 ln 10–11.

In addition, after claiming that he had collected the “D” drugs from “Ah
Kwang”, 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 71 ln 21–23.

he conceded under cross-examination that he had deliberately lied about the
expected payment in the drug transaction involving the “D” drugs. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 72 ln 1–3.

He also agreed that he had lied because he did not wish for the CNB to know
who, when and where he had collected the “D” drugs from. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 71 ln 18–20; p 72 ln 4–6 .

He was not re-examined on all these admissions. Nevertheless, he continued to
maintain that the “D” drugs were not for himself but meant for Salim and
“Pekboon” and he was only acting on “Ah Kwang”’s instructions.

Alleged phone calls and lack of incoming calls from foreign numbers

59 The accused’s mobile phone call records 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AB243–277.

did not show any incoming calls from any foreign phone number, contrary to his
claim that “Bob” had called him on 9 December 2020 sometime after 11pm using a
Malaysian phone number. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

AB481 at para 7; AB566 at para 70.

This was also contrary to his claim in his 1st, 2nd and 5th long statements
that “Ah Kwang” had called him at least once on 9 December 2020 using a
“Malaysia line”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AB481 at para 7; AB482 at para 9; AB513 at para 44.

60 As recorded in the IMH Report, the accused reportedly informed Dr Derrick
Yeo that “Ah Kwang” had called him on the day of the alleged offence (ie. on
10 December 2020) instead of 9 December 2020. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AB239 at para 9.

At the trial, he repeated his initial claim that “Ah Kwang” did call him on 9
December 2020 to arrange the delivery of two “stones” through a WhatsApp call
using a Malaysian number. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 43 ln 1–3.

However, when it was suggested to him that “Ah Kwang” did not call him on 9
December 2020, the accused said that he could not remember. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 71 ln 12–14.

61 The accused vacillated greatly in his evidence on the alleged phone calls
and arrangements made with “Ah Kwang” and Salim. When it was specifically put
to him that “Ah Kwang” did not call him on 9 December 2020, his claim that he
could not remember was contrary to the highly detailed account he gave in his
contemporaneous and 1st, 2nd and 5th long statements that “Ah Kwang” had
called him on 9 December 2020 using a Malaysian line. As for the accused’s
claims about the alleged phone call(s) with Salim on 8 or 9 December 2020,
this was ultimately of no consequence since he accepted under cross-
examination that he had lied and falsely implicated Salim. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 80 ln 24–26.

Alleged payments from Salim and “Pekboon” and quantity of drugs involved

62 In his contemporaneous statement, the accused claimed that not only would
“Ah Kwang” pay him $500 for his role in helping to deliver the drugs, he was
also supposed to collect $11,100 from Salim and $7,400 from “Pekboon”
respectively on behalf of “Ah Kwang”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AB330 at A22 and A23.

He changed his evidence in his 6th long statement, claiming that he was “not
expecting to collect any money” from either of them. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

AB530 at para 62.

As noted above at [58], he eventually conceded under cross-examination that he
had lied about having to collect any payments from them.

63 As for the quantity of drugs purportedly meant for delivery to Salim and
“Pekboon”, the accused offered a slew of different and continually evolving
accounts. The accused initially stated in his contemporaneous statement that
Salim was expecting to receive two black bundles and “Pekboon” was expecting
one. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AB328 at A10; AB330 at A19–A23.

He then claimed in his 1st long statement that “Ah Kwang” had told him that
two “stones” would be sent to him, one of which was for Salim and the other
for the accused himself. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

AB481 at para 7.

He claimed that upon collecting the drugs from “Bob”, he was surprised to find
five “stones” instead, packed in three black bundles. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AB482 at para 9.

“Ah Kwang” told him the remaining three “stones” were for “Pekboon”, but the
accused said he did not know who “Pekboon” was. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

AB482 at para 9.

64 The accused claimed that Salim subsequently informed him that “Pekboon” was
supposed to take two “stones” from Salim, but Salim himself did not know
whether the remaining three “stones” were meant for “Pekboon”. Going by the
accused’s various accounts, it would mean that after having received the “D”
drugs, he would end up giving either one, two, three, four or even all five
“stones” to “Pekboon” and either none, half, one, two, three or four “stones”
to Salim. Either none, half or one “stone” would be retained for himself. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

AB239 at para 9; AB330 at A19 and A20; AB481 at paras 7 and 9; AB482 at para
9; AB513 at para 44; NE, 28 March 2023, pp 74–77.

His evidence on the quantity of “D” drugs meant for distribution among Salim,
“Pekboon” and himself was profusely riddled with internal contradictions and
ambiguity. The only reasonable inference was that he was simply making things
up on the fly.

Objective evidence from the POLCAM footages

65 The POLCAM footages constituted objective evidence which completely
contradicted the accused’s claim that he took the lift from the flat down to
the void deck at Block 305 on 9 December 2020 sometime after 11pm ostensibly
to collect the “D” drugs from “Bob”. The accused accepted that he would have
been visible in the POLCAM footage if he had in fact taken the lift down to
the void deck at the material time. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 65 ln 27–28.

However, the accused was not seen in any of the relevant footage which was
reviewed by IO Desmond for 9 December 2020 from 10.30pm to 10 December 2020 at
1.59am. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

AB471–472 at paras 98–99.

. When the accused was asked if he could explain why this was so, he had no
explanation to offer. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 65 ln 27–28.

When it was further put to him that he did not go down to the void deck at the
material time, he claimed that he could not remember if he had. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 65 ln 30–32.

Alleged receipt of the “D” drugs from “Bob”

66 The accused gave two completely different accounts of the colour of the car
that “Bob” drove and “Bob”’s race. He initially claimed in his contemporaneous
statement that the car was blue and that he did not know who the driver was,
but he was a male Chinese. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AB330 at A25.

He changed his evidence in his 1st long statement 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

AB481 at para 7.

and during the trial 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 66 ln 4–10 and ln 30–32; p 67 ln 4–9 and ln 26–29.

and maintained that the car was a white Mazda and “Bob” was Malay. He claimed
that it was dark at the time and that he was unable to see “Bob” clearly,
although he recalled that he spoke to “Bob” in Malay and thus he assumed that
“Bob” was Malay. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 67 ln 12–20.

Deliberate lies to falsely implicate Salim

67 Salim denied any involvement in relation to the “D” drugs and denied
ordering any drugs from the accused. Although Salim knew of the existence of a
drug dealer named “Ah Kwang”, he had only interacted with him in prison but
not prior to his arrest. He had no prior dealings with “Ah Kwang” and was not
expecting any drugs from him. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE, 29 March 2023, p 6 ln 27–30; p 7 ln 1–4.

Salim’s evidence on these aspects was not challenged under cross-examination
and no specific case for the defence was put to him other than to suggest that
he was also selling drugs to maintain his lifestyle. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE, 29 March 2023, p 12, ln 10–15.

Salim’s denials were entirely congruent with the accused’s own admission that
he had lied in his CNB statements and in his oral testimony about Salim’s
involvement in order to falsely implicate Salim. This put paid to the
accused’s plethora of false allegations about Salim’s purported involvement
with the “D” drugs.

Analysis and evaluation of the “courier” defence

68 It was clear that the accused’s “courier” defence largely comprised a
patchwork of shifting fabrications. His evidence was internally and externally
inconsistent in material aspects. That being said, while he appeared to have
no qualms lying when it suited his purpose, he was candid in conceding
important aspects of the case against him under cross-examination. Crucially,
for instance, he admitted that he had lied:

(a) in his statements and his oral testimony to falsely implicate Salim about
the amount of diamorphine meant for Salim and about collecting any payment
from him; 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 80 ln 7–11; ln 24–29.

(b) about when and where he had collected the drugs from, and about expecting
to receive payment on “Ah Kwang”’s behalf from Salim and “Pekboon”; 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 72 ln 1–6; p 76 ln 17–18.

and

(c) about “Pekboon”’s contact details and the amount of diamorphine to be
handed over to him. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 72 ln 25–31; p 76 ln 11–18.

69 The accused’s various admissions under cross-examination about having lied
were presumptively reliable since they were contrary to his own interest.
These were all deliberate lies on material issues raised in his defence.
Hence, adopting the Court of Appeal’s guidance in Chukwudi (at [60] and [62]),
these lies could only have been motivated by his realisation of guilt and
desire to obscure the truth. They were archetypal Lucas lies (R v Lucas (Ruth)
[1981] QB 720) which were thus strongly corroborative of his guilt.

70 Despite the accused’s concession that he had falsely implicated Salim, and
that he would not be collecting any payments from Salim, he continued to
insist when re-examined that he was only acting on “Ah Kwang”’s instructions
to pass the “D” drugs or part thereof to Salim. This was illogical and
irreconcilable. If he had fabricated his claims of Salim’s involvement, the
more likely inference was that no such instructions had actually been given by
“Ah Kwang”, if any instructions had indeed been given at all. There was also
no cogent reason to disbelieve Salim’s evidence that he was not involved with
the “D” drugs, given the paucity of any other evidence implicating Salim and
the accused’s own admission that he had lied to falsely implicate Salim.

71 The accused also agreed that he had no explanation for some other key
aspects of the evidence, such as the objective evidence in the POLCAM footages
from 9 to 10 December 2020 which showed that he did not take the lift down to
the void deck at the material time, as he had claimed, in order to collect the
“D” drugs from “Bob”. It was highly implausible that the “D” drugs were meant
for “Pekboon” as this was no more than a bare and unsubstantiated assertion on
the accused’s part. He further claimed in his oral testimony that he did not
have “Pekboon”’s contact number and was waiting to be contacted by Salim
instead. When confronted with his own contradictory contemporaneous statement
disclosing to SI Fadli what appeared to be a (Thai-registered) handphone
number with a +66 country code as “Pekboon”’s number, he was caught flat-
footed; he could only say in response that he could not “think of anything at
[that] moment”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 74 ln 1–3.

72 Additionally, it was doubtful whether the accused did receive the “D” drugs
from “Bob” as he claimed, in view of objective evidence in the POLCAM footages
alongside the obvious shifts in the accused’s evidence where “Bob” was
concerned. These included his implausible account of “Bob” allegedly having
called him using a Malaysian phone on 9 December 2020 and his prevarications
over whether “Bob” was Chinese or Malay and whether the colour of the car that
“Bob” allegedly drove was white or blue.

73 The upshot of the extensive inconsistencies and contradictions in the
accused’s defence was that his evidence in many areas was vague, random and
virtually impossible to pin down. I note that when pressed to explain the
numerous inconsistent responses, the accused’s repeated excuse was that he was
either “confused” or could not remember. To my mind, these convenient but
feeble responses showed that he had exhausted his attempts to explain away his
own fabrications.

74 The fact that the accused’s DNA was not found on the “D” drug packaging was
neither here nor there. It might have indicated that he had not repacked or
interfered with the drugs, but it did not thereby also constitute objective
evidence in support of his “courier” defence. Similarly, the fact that the “D”
drugs had not been repacked and were kept separately from the “A” and “B”
drugs was of no assistance to his defence. I was unable to discern any
semblance of a method or system to how the accused had chosen to place the
drugs in various different random locations within the flat.

75 Finally, I accept that “Ah Kwang” and “Pekboon” might not have been
fictitious characters, assuming that Salim was truthful (or accurate) in his
evidence about them. However, this also did not assist the accused. Even
assuming they did exist, their existence did not necessarily point towards
their purported roles as characterised by the accused. Bearing in mind the
accused’s admission that he had falsely implicated Salim, I had serious doubts
as to whether his evidence pertaining to “Ah Kwang” and “Pekboon” could be
relied upon.

76 It was also submitted that the Prosecution had failed to adduce any direct
evidence to disprove the accused’s claims that he was holding on to the drugs
for someone else. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE, 31 March 2023, p 8 ln 11–13.

With respect, this submission was misconceived. As the Prosecution rightly
pointed out, it was the accused who bore the burden of proving on the balance
of probabilities what he asserted, ie, that he was a mere courier. Even if
there was no evidence of any payment made (or to be made) to “Ah Kwang” for
the “D” drugs, this would neither weaken the Prosecution’s case nor strengthen
the “courier” defence.

77 I note that the accused had let slip in his evidence-in-chief that he had
“ordered” the “D” drugs from “Ah Kwang”, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 44 ln 12–24.

even while claiming that the “D” drugs were not his. This was starkly telling
of the highly dubious and unreliable nature of his defence. In addition, drug
trafficking-related paraphernalia including empty plastic packets, masking
tape and digital weighing scales were found in his possession, and he had
admitted that the “A” and “D” drugs were intended for trafficking. The
presence of such paraphernalia may not have been determinative of whether he
was indeed a courier in respect of the “D” drugs, but it would increase the
likelihood that all the drugs mentioned in the charge were intended for
trafficking.

78 The multiple material inconsistencies and contradictions in the accused’s
evidence demonstrated that he had lied on numerous matters. By his own
admission, he had falsely implicated Salim to lend credence to his story. More
importantly, the accused had offered no credible explanation for his
involvement with the “D” drugs. He could not account for why the “D” drugs
were all in his possession. He also could not provide a consistent narrative
of what he was supposed to do as a courier for “Ah Kwang”. On his own
evidence, he did not pay anyone to obtain the “D” drugs, and he would not be
paid to deliver them to anyone either.

79 It was absolutely incredible that such a large quantity of drugs would
simply have been sent to the accused on “Ah Kwang”’s instructions, purportedly
for him to safekeep and deliver them without any expectation of payment. There
was no clear benefit for the accused himself, such as in being entitled to a
share of the “D” drugs for his own use, since he had claimed that “Pekboon”
might end up taking all five “stones”. Conversely, it would also have been
incredible for “Ah Kwang” to have entrusted him, through a cold call, for such
a large quantity of drugs for delivery, and to make him responsible for
collecting very substantial payments from Salim and “Pekboon”, when the
accused and “Ah Kwang” had never even contacted or met each other before. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

AB513 at para 44.

80 In another highly telling slip under cross-examination, the accused had
agreed that the “D” drugs were found in a separate location from the “A” drugs
because he was arrested before he could repack and sell the “D” drugs. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE, 28 March 2023, p 81 ln 4–6.

Bearing in mind the accused’s undisputed status as a drug trafficker who would
repack and sell the “A” drugs, the irresistible inference to be drawn from the
totality of the evidence was that he had “ordered” the drugs from a supplier
(who may or may not have been “Ah Kwang”) and had similarly intended to repack
and sell the “D” drugs. Having carefully examined the main facets of the
accused’s “courier” defence, I found that this was the most reasonable and
obvious inference to be drawn.

81 In sum, I concluded that the accused did not discharge his burden of
showing that he was a courier in respect of the “D” drugs. Having regard to
the accused’s evasive and sometimes incoherent answers, I was drawn to
conclude that the truth of the matter was simply not what the accused had
claimed. It would indeed appear that his evidence was erratic and confused,
but this would only have been so because he had repeatedly lied in so many
areas that he could no longer keep track of exactly which of his claims were
fact and which of those were fiction. His perennially shifting evidence meant
that it was virtually impossible to discern the whole truth from his tangled
web of lies and embellishments, which were intermingled with selective
admissions on his part.

Conclusion

82 Having carefully considered the evidence in totality, I found that the
accused’s “consumption” defence in relation to the “B” drugs and his “courier”
defence in relation to the “D” drugs were both not credible. I was satisfied
that the Prosecution had proven the charge beyond reasonable doubt. I found
therefore that the accused was in possession of the “A”, “B” and “D” drugs for
the purpose of trafficking. In relation to the “D” drugs, he had not shown on
the balance of probabilities that he was merely a courier.

83 The accused was found guilty as charged and convicted accordingly. While
the Prosecution informed me that a certificate of substantive assistance would
be issued given that the accused was deemed to have co-operated in disrupting
drug activities, the alternative sentencing regime was not available to him in
view of my finding that he was not a courier. Accordingly, I sentenced the
accused to the mandatory death penalty.

84 I should add that even if I had erred in finding that the “B” drugs were in
his possession for the purpose of trafficking, the combined weight of the “A”
and “D” drugs, being 24.4g, would far exceed the 15g threshold beyond which
capital punishment was prescribed. The mandatory death penalty would still
have to be imposed upon conviction.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Chin Jincheng, Heershan Kaur and Ng Jun Kai

(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Mahesh Rai s/o Vedprakash Rai (Drew & Napier LLC) and

Subir Singh Grewal (Aequitas Law LLP) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Jun 2023 (18:36 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

