Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 250

Originating Application No 592 of 2023

Between

(1)| Majestica Enterprises Limited  
---|---  
(2)| The Challenger Trade Finance Segregated Portfolio of the South Africa
Alpha SPC  
  
… Applicants

And

| Kams Singapore Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law — Winding up — Funding by creditors]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Majestica Enterprises Ltd and another

  
v

  

Kams Singapore Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)

[2023] SGHC 250

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 592 of 2023  
Chua Lee Ming J  
2 August 2023

7 September 2023

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The respondent is a company in compulsory liquidation (the “Company”). The
applicants (who are creditors of the Company) made this application for an
order pursuant to s 204(3) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IRDA”) that they be given an advantage over other
creditors with respect to the distribution of assets/expenses recovered or
assets protected or preserved as a result of funding provided by them.

2 I granted the application for the reasons set out below.

Facts

3 The Company was wound up in 2020 and a liquidator was appointed by the court
(the “Liquidator”). The applicants were creditors of the Company and they
filed their proofs of debt accordingly.

4 The Liquidator took steps to investigate the Company’s affairs but the
Company and/or the liquidation estate ran out of funds for the Liquidator to
continue his work.

5 At a creditors’ meeting, the Liquidator informed the Company’s creditors
that he was unable to continue investigations into the Company’s affairs and
pursue recovery of the Company’s assets due to a lack of funds. At the same
meeting, a Committee of Inspection was formed.

6 The Liquidator and the applicants subsequently entered into a funding
agreement (the “Funding Agreement”) for the purposes of pursuing recovery of
the Company’s assets. The essential terms of the Funding Agreement were as
follows:

(a) The applicants would provide funding for the Liquidator’s investigations
into the Company’s accounts and prior transactions (“Phase 1”). Phase 1 would
not involve any recovery of the Company’s assets.

(b) Upon completion of Phase 1, the Liquidator would inform the applicants if
he wishes to proceed with any claim for which funding would be required. The
applicants had the right but not the obligation to fund any of the claims.

(c) The Liquidator would have full control of any legal proceedings brought by
the Company.

(d) Any moneys recovered from proceedings funded by the applicants (the
“Recovered Assets”) would be applied, on a quarterly basis, as follows:

(i) The Recovered Assets would first be used to pay the applicants the amounts
funded by them.

(ii) Thereafter, 75% of the Recovered Assets would go towards payment of the
amounts adjudicated by the Liquidator to be owing to the applicants under
their respective proofs of debt. The remaining 25% would go towards payment of
the amounts adjudicated to be owing to the other creditors under their
respective proofs of debt.

(iii) The Liquidator retained the discretion to pay the applicants less than
75% of the Recovered Assets in any quarter (but no less than 70%) where he
reasonably believed that more funds were required for the purpose of the
liquidation of the Company. When such concerns had been addressed and the
Company had sufficient funds, the Liquidator would pay the applicants the
amount withheld in addition to 75% of the Recovered Assets that would be
payable in the next applicable quarter.

7 The Company’s other creditors were given the opportunity to provide the
Liquidator with funding but declined to do so. They also did not object to the
Funding Agreement.

The law

8 The application was made pursuant to s 204(3) of the IRDA. Section 204 of
the IRDA states as follows:

Funding by creditors

204.—(1) Where in any winding up —

(a) assets have been recovered under an indemnity for costs of litigation
given by certain creditors;

(b) assets have been protected or preserved by the payment of moneys or the
giving of an indemnity by certain creditors; or

(c) expenses in relation to which a creditor has indemnified a liquidator have
been recovered,

the Court may make such order as it thinks just with respect to the
distribution of those assets and the amount of those expenses so recovered,
with a view to giving those creditors an advantage over others in
consideration of the risks run by those creditors in giving those indemnities
or paying those moneys.

(2) Any creditor may apply to the Court for an order under subsection (3)
prior to —

(a) giving an indemnity for costs of litigation for recovering any assets;

(b) paying any moneys or giving an indemnity to protect or preserve any
assets; or

(c) indemnifying a liquidator in relation to the liquidator’s expenses.

(3) On an application by a creditor under subsection (2), the Court may, for
the purpose of giving the creditor an advantage over others in consideration
of the risks to be run by that creditor in giving the indemnity or payment for
the purposes mentioned in that subsection, grant an order with respect to the
distribution of —

(a) the assets mentioned in subsection (2)(a) that may be successfully
recovered;

(b) the assets mentioned in subsection (2)(b) that may be successfully
protected or preserved; or

(c) the amount of expenses mentioned in subsection (2)(c) that may be
successfully recovered.

9 Section 204(1) of the IRDA is similar to s 328(10) of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed), which has since been repealed by the IRDA. However, ss
204(2) and 204(3) of the IRDA are new. As the High Court noted in Song Jianbo
v Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation [2022] SGHC
312 (“Song Jianbo”) at [12]:

As can be observed, the main difference between s 204 of the IRDA and s 328(1)
of the Companies Act is that the latter only provided for retrospective
orders, in the sense that the court may make a relevant order only after the
relevant assets had been recovered, protected, or preserved, or after the
relevant expenses had been recovered. In contrast, s 204(2) of the IRDA now
allows the court to make, in addition to retrospective orders, prospective
orders prior to the giving of an indemnity by a creditor. This means that a
court can make a relevant order before the relevant assets have been
recovered, protected, or preserved, or before the relevant expenses have been
recovered. …

[emphasis in original]

Factors to be considered under s 204(3) of the IRDA

10 In Song Jianbo, the court set out the following general non-exhaustive list
of factors to be considered in the grant of a prospective order under s 204(3)
of the IRDA (at [23]):

(a) the complexity and necessity of the proceedings in respect of which the
funding or indemnity is given;

(b) the extent of the funding or indemnity to be provided, and the level of
risk to be undertaken and the costs to be borne by the funding creditor;

(c) the failure of other creditors to provide funding or indemnity and whether
the other creditors were given the opportunity to do so;

(d) the emergence of other creditors between the making of the order and the
date of a distribution under the order to the funding creditor;

(e) the public interest in encouraging creditors to provide funding or
indemnity to enable assets to be recovered; and

(f) the presence or absence of any objections from the other creditors, the
liquidator, or the Official Assignee.

11 With respect to factor (a), it is not clear that much can be said about the
necessity of the intended proceedings. After all, the reason why the funding
or indemnity is required in the first place is that the proceedings are
necessary to recover moneys or assets due to the Company. As for the
complexity of the proceedings, its relevance is that it is a good indication
of the level of risk assumed by the funding creditor (which is dealt with
under factor (b)). In general, the more complex the proceedings, the higher
the risk.

12 Factor (b), ie, the extent of the funding or indemnity and the level of
risk, is relevant to the question of the degree or extent of the advantage
that the court should give to the funding creditor. This is clear from s
204(3) of the IRDA which refers to “giving the creditor an advantage over
others in consideration of the risks to be run by that creditor” [emphasis
added].

13 The court in Song Jianbo did not elaborate on factor (d) above, ie, the
emergence of other creditors after the making of the order. It is not clear
how this factor should be applied since it refers to matters arising after the
order has been made. In my view, this should not be a factor to be considered
when the court is making a prospective order under s 204(3) of the IRDA.

14 As for factor (e), ie, the public interest in encouraging creditors to
provide funding or indemnity, it seems to me that this merely explains the
rationale behind s 204(3) of the IRDA.

15 In Song Jianbo, the court also decided (at [61]) that notwithstanding the
order granted under s 204(3) of the IRDA, other creditors who may be
prejudiced by the order should be given an opportunity to bring an appropriate
challenge. However, in the present case, I agreed with the applicants that an
order under s 204(3) of the IRDA should not be subject to such a term.

16 Section 204(2) of the IRDA was enacted to permit prospective orders because
it was recognised that otherwise, at the point of providing the funds, the
funding creditors would have no assurance that the court would make an order
giving them an advantage over other creditors (see Report of the Insolvency
Law Review Committee: Final Report (Chair: Lee Eng Beng SC) (2013) at p 74;
Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (1 October 2018) vol 94 (Mr
Edwin Tong Chun Fai, Senior Minister of State for Law)). Creditors would be
less willing to provide the necessary funding or indemnity without any such
assurance and, as the court recognised in Song Jianbo (at [16]), it is in the
public interest to encourage creditors to provide funding or indemnity to
enable assets to be recovered. Making an order under s 204(3) of the IRDA
subject to the possibility of subsequent challenges by other creditors would
be inconsistent with the purpose of the prospective order and unfair to the
funding creditor.

17 Another factor to be considered is whether the proposed funding or
indemnity requires the liquidator to cede control over the intended
proceedings to the funding creditor: see, also, Song Jianbo at [60(a)]. The
liquidator should retain control over the intended proceedings. Such control
addresses the public policy concerns about the administration of justice: see
Lavrentiadis, Lavrentios v Dextra Partners Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and
another matter [2023] SGHC 131 (“Lavrentiadis”) at [30]. It is not necessary
for the liquidator to have complete control of every single aspect of the
legal proceedings; it would be reasonable for the funding creditor’s consent
to be required with respect to the choice of solicitors, or any settlement or
discontinuance of the proceedings: Lavrentiadis at [30].

18 In summary, in my view, the non-exhaustive factors to be considered in the
grant of a prospective order under s 204(3) of the IRDA are as follows:

(a) Whether the advantage to be given to the funding creditor is reasonable,
taking into account the funding or indemnity to be provided and the level of
risk to be undertaken. The complexity of the intended proceedings is a
relevant factor in assessing the level of risk to be undertaken.

(b) Whether the other creditors were given the opportunity to provide the
funding or indemnity.

(c) Whether there are any objections from the other creditors, the liquidator
or the Official Assignee. It is unlikely though that there would be objections
from the liquidator since any proposed funding or indemnity would have been
negotiated and agreed upon with the liquidator first.

(d) Whether the liquidator retains control over the intended proceedings.

My decision on the application

19 I granted the application and made an order under s 204(3) of the IRDA
giving the applicants an advantage over other creditors on the terms set out
in the Funding Agreement for the following reasons:

(a) The advantage to be given to the applicants (see [6] above) was reasonable
given the risk that the applicants would be undertaking. Clearly, there was no
certainty of recovery.

(b) The other creditors were given the opportunity to provide funding or
indemnity but had declined to do so.

(c) There were no objections from the other creditors, the Liquidator or the
Official Assignee.

(d) The Liquidator would retain full control of any legal proceedings brought
by the Company.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Baldev Singh Bhinder and Vaybhav Kumar Sharma s/o Thakor Prasad Sharma
(BlackStone & Gold LLC) for the first applicant;

Jamal Siddique Peer and Suresh Viswanath (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the second
applicant;

Muhammad Imran Bin Abdul Rahim and Kuek Zihui (Eldan Law LLP) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Sep 2023 (12:19 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

