Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 330

Originating Summons No 452 of 2020 (Summonses Nos 2989 and 3297 of 2021)

In the matter of Sections 227B and 227G of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed)

| Ocean Tankers (Pte) Ltd (in liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

judgment

[Choses in Action — Assignment — Whether assignment barred by non-assignment
clause — Effect of non-assignment clause on validity of assignment]

[Choses in Action — Assignment — Assignment of a bare right to litigate —
Whether assignment valid and enforceable]

[Debt and Recovery — Right of set-off — Legal set-off — When legal set-off
takes effect]

[Insolvency Law — Insolvency set-off — Whether provisions of Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) apply to a judicial
management application made under the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)]

[Insolvency Law — Insolvency set-off — Mutuality — Relevant point in time at
which to assess whether mutuality exists]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Ocean Tankers (Pte) Ltd (in liquidation)

[2023] SGHC 330

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 452 of 2020
(Summonses Nos 2989 and 3297 of 2021)  
S Mohan J  
28 February, 3 March 2023, 25 July 2023

24 November 2023 Judgment reserved.

S Mohan J:

Introduction

1 The applications before me arose in the wake of the now widely publicised
collapse of several businesses controlled by Mr Lim Oon Kuin (“Mr O K Lim”)
and his family members. The company which is the subject of these proceedings
is Ocean Tankers (Pte) Ltd (the “Company”). The Company applied on 6 May 2020
to be placed under judicial management pursuant to Part VIIIA of the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (as in force immediately before 30 July 2020) (the
“Companies Act”). It was placed under judicial management on 7 August 2020. On
12 July 2021, the judicial managers (the “JMs”) of the Company applied in
HC/CWU 117/2021 (“CWU 117”) for the Company to be wound up under the
Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IRDA”). The
winding-up order was made by Kannan Ramesh J (as he then was) on 16 August
2021, and the JMs were confirmed as the Company’s liquidators. While the
Company is presently in liquidation and the JMs are the liquidators, in this
judgment and for the purposes of the applications before me, I shall continue
to refer to them as the JMs.

2 The present applications are made by the JMs in respect of two assignments
of claims (the “Assignments”) obtained by an alleged debtor of the Company
during the interim period between the Company’s judicial management and its
winding-up. The JMs accuse the debtor of trafficking in claims in an effort to
reduce its liabilities to the Company by way of set-off; the debtor counters
that there is nothing legally wrong with what it has done.

3 The JMs have filed two applications. The first is HC/SUM 2989/2021 (“SUM
2989”), in which the JMs apply under s 227G(5) of the Companies Act for the
court’s guidance on two questions:

(a) Whether a debtor of a company placed in judicial management under Part
VIIIA of the Companies Act, who acquires a claim against the company by way of
assignment after the date on which an Order is made to appoint JMs to the
company (the “Post-JM Assigned Claim”), can assert legal or independent set-
off against the company for the value of the Post-JM Assigned Claim (“Question
1”).

(b) Whether legal or independent set-off, or insolvency set-off, can be
asserted by the debtor for the value of the Post-JM Assigned Claim in the
event that the company is discharged from judicial management and wound up
under the IRDA (“Question 2”).

4 The second application is HC/SUM 3297/2021 (“SUM 3297”), in which the JMs
seek a declaration that the purported assignments effected by way of two deeds
of assignment concluded as between the debtor and its assignor on [date
redacted] are void and/or unenforceable as against the Company, and as against
the JMs and/or liquidator(s) in the event that Company is subsequently wound
up.

5 For completeness, there is a sealing and redaction order in place for SUM
3297. As I am dealing with both applications in this judgment, I have
anonymised the identity of the debtor (hereinafter, the “Debtor”) and redacted
other details of the transactions in question for both applications. With
that, I turn to the facts leading up to the applications.

Facts

Background to the applications

6 The Company’s principal business activities whilst it was a going concern
included ship chartering, provision of ship managements services, and the
manufacture and storage of petroleum lubricating oil. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

22nd Affidavit of Ee Meng Yen Angela dated 12 July 2021 at para 3.

In this respect, it had entered into several charterparties (the
“Charterparties”) with the Debtor for the charter of various vessels by the
Debtor from the Company.

7 After the Company was placed in judicial management, the Debtor commenced
arbitration proceedings against it (the “Arbitration”), alleging that the
Company had committed breaches of its duties of confidentiality and of the
arbitration agreements contained in the Charterparties. The Company
counterclaimed in the Arbitration, among others, for outstanding freight owed
by the Debtor under the Charterparties. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Affidavit of Wu Him, Exhibit WH-1, Tab 1 at p 12 at para 10.

8 After the commencement of the Arbitration, the JMs received two notices of
assignment from an alleged creditor of the Company (the “Assignor”) that it
had assigned its claims against the Company to the Debtor. It is worth nothing
that the Assignor and Debtor are related entities in the same corporate group
of companies (the “Corporate Group”).

9 The first notice of assignment stated that the Assignor had assigned to the
Debtor all of its alleged rights, title, interests and benefits in and to its
claim against the Company arising from: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

19th Affidavit of Angela Ee, Exhibit EMY-82, Tab 1 at p 10.

(a) the Assignor’s claim against the Company arising from the absence and/or
loss of petroleum products which were to have been carried on board Vessel [A]
pursuant to several bills of lading (the “Vessel [A] Claim”); and

(b) a judgment in default of defence obtained by the Assignor against the
Company in an overseas jurisdiction against the Company (the “Default
Judgment”), including the right to execute on the judgment and the judgment
sum.

10 While the first notice of assignment lists the assignments of the Vessel
[A] Claim and the Default Judgment separately, it is clear from the Debtor’s
submissions, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Debtor’s Submissions for SUM 3297 at para 2.

the Deed of Assignment 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

22nd Affidavit of Angela Ee, Exhibit EMY-90, Tab 2 at p 25.

and the proofs of debt 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

22nd Affidavit of Angela Ee, Exhibit EMY-90, Tab 2 at p 18.

filed with the JMs that they are in effect one and the same – what the Debtor
claims for is the Vessel [A] Claim for which the cause of action has merged
with the Default Judgment.

11 The second notice of assignment stated that the Assignor had assigned to
the Debtor all of its alleged rights, title, interests and benefits in and to:
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

19th Affidavit of Angela Ee, Exhibit EMY-82, Tab 1 at p 13.

(a) the petroleum products stored on board Vessel [B] (the “Cargo”);

(b) a storage agreement (the “Storage Agreement”) entered into between the
Assignor and the Company;

(c) a document (the “Document”) issued by the Company evidencing the existence
and transfer of the Cargo; and

(d) any and all causes of action which the Assignor has or may have against
the Company in connection with or arising from the Cargo, the Storage
Agreement and the Document.

(collectively, the “Vessel [B] Claims”).

12 Hereafter, I shall refer to the claims assigned pursuant to both notices of
assignment collectively as the “Assigned Claims” and to the assignments as the
“First Assignment” and “Second Assignment” respectively, and collectively, as
the “Assignments”.

13 Following the JMs’ receipt of the notices of assignment, the Debtor raised
the Assigned Claims in the Arbitration as a defence by way of legal and/or
insolvency set-off. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

19th Affidavit of Angela Ee at para 11.

14 As alluded to above, proofs of debt were also filed with the JMs in respect
of the Assigned Claims – not just by the Debtor, but also by the Assignor. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

19th Affidavit of Angela Ee at para 16.

It was, however, clarified in the Assignor’s proof of debt that there was to
be no double counting of its claim with the Debtor’s proof of debt, and that
the Assignor was only maintaining its claim in the event the assignments were
ineffective or the Debtor’s claims were not admitted by the JMs. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

19th Affidavit of Angela Ee, Tab 3 at pp 40–41.

Similarly, the Debtor made clear in its proofs of debt that it was the legal
assignee of the Assigned Claims and that its claim was not intended to be
double counted with the Assignor’s claim. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

19th Affidavit of Angela Ee, Tab 3 at pp 30–31.

15 The sequence of events as summarised above set the stage for the present
applications filed by the JMs. For completeness, the Arbitration has been
stayed pending the resolution of these applications. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Debtor’s Further Submissions for SUM 2989 and SUM 3297 at para 10.

Procedural history

16 The parties filed written submissions in respect of both applications on 22
February 2023, and presented oral arguments before me on 28 February and 3
March 2023.

17 Subsequently, I directed the parties to tender further submissions to
address two issues which were not addressed in their initial submissions and
which I felt were material to the applications:

(a) whether the Debtor is entitled to exercise legal or independent set-off in
respect of the Assigned Claims if such set-off has not been given effect to by
the judgment of a court; and

(b) whether any of the Assigned Claims would constitute bare rights of action
or mere rights to litigate which, in principle, may not be assigned, and if
so, whether there are any exceptions that might apply.

18 Pursuant to these directions, the parties filed further submissions on 11
July 2023, and reply submissions on 25 July 2023.

19 Having laid out the factual and procedural background, I turn to the issues
in the applications.

SUM 3297

20 I shall deal firstly with SUM 3297, which centres on the validity of the
assignments as against the Company and/or the JMs. I note as a preliminary
point that it is common ground between the parties that the court has the
jurisdiction to make these determinations.

21 On the merits of the application, the JMs initially challenged only the
assignment of the Vessel [B] Claims on the ground that the Second Assignment
was prohibited by a non-assignment clause in the Storage Agreement. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

JMs’ Submissions for SUM 3297 at paras 11(a), 12–20.

Mr N Sreenivasan SC (“Mr Sreenivasan”), counsel for the JMs, conceded at the
hearing that the JMs were not disputing the assignability of the Vessel [A]
Claim. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Minute Sheet for SUM 3297 (28 February 2023), p 2.

However, in their further submissions, the JMs changed tack and now contend
that all the Assigned Claims are non-assignable as bare rights of action. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

JMs’ Further Submissions for SUM 3297 at paras 36–47.

22 Therefore, there are two issues that arise in respect of the assignability
of the Vessel [B] Claims: (i) whether they are rendered ineffective by the
non-assignment clause in the Storage Agreement and (ii) whether they are in
any case void and/or ineffective as assignments of bare rights of action. The
latter issue also arises with respect to the Vessel [A] Claim (as merged in
the Default Judgment) assigned pursuant to the First Assignment.

Whether the assignment of the Vessel [B] Claims is prohibited by the non-
assignment clause

23 I first consider the effect of the non-assignment clause in the Storage
Agreement on the assignment of the Vessel [B] Claims. Pursuant to this clause,
the Company’s consent was required for the assignment and novation of rights
under the Storage Agreement (see [27] below). The Company’s consent was not
sought in respect of the assignment of the Vessel [B] Claims. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

22nd Affidavit of Angela Ee at para 19.

The Debtor does not dispute this.

24 Instead, the Debtor (represented by Mr Lok Vi Ming SC (“Mr Lok”)) argues
that the Vessel [B] Claims do not fall within the scope of the non-assignment
clause. Mr Lok contends that the Vessel [B] Claims consist of two separate
categories: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Debtor’s Submissions for SUM 3297 at para 3.

(a) The Assignor’s causes of action against the Company in connection with or
arising from the Storage Agreement (the “Vessel [B] Storage Agreement Claim”);
and

(b) the Assignor’s causes of action against the Company in connection with or
arising from the Document (the “Vessel [B] Document Claim”).

25 Mr Lok argues that the non-assignment clause, objectively construed,
applies only to the assignment of contractual rights and claims. Hence, it
does not affect the Vessel [B] Document Claim, which is a tortious claim for
the Company’s misrepresentation in the Document that [X] barrels of petroleum
products on board Vessel [B] had been transferred to the Assignor. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Debtor’s Submissions for SUM 3297 at paras 8–12; 1st Affidavit of Wu Him at
paras 17–18.

26 The JMs disagree. Mr Sreenivasan argues that the non-assignment clause
should be construed to prohibit the assignment of both contractual and non-
contractual tortious rights. In support of this construction, Mr Sreenivasan
relies primarily on the case of Burleigh House (PTC) Ltd v Irwin Mitchell LLP
[2021] EWHC 834 (“Burleigh House”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

JMs’ Submissions for SUM 3297 at paras 18–20.

I examine Burleigh House in greater detail below. The JMs also disagree with
the Debtor’s separation of the Vessel [B] Storage Agreement Claim from the
Vessel [B] Document Claim. Mr Sreenivasan contends that the Document and the
Storage Agreement are inextricably connected as the former would not exist
without the latter. Thus, any tortious claims in respect of the Document
cannot be separated from the contractual relationship established under the
Storage Agreement. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

JMs’ Submissions for SUM 3297 at paras 16–17.

The proper interpretation of the non-assignment clause

27 As with any exercise in contractual interpretation, the starting point is
the text of the non-assignment clause: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

22nd Affidavit of Angela Ee at para 18.

TRANSFER OR ASSIGNMENT OF AGREEMENT

Unless otherwise provided hereunder, the rights and obligations of [the
Assignor] and [the Company] under the Agreement shall not be assigned or
novated without the prior written consent of the other Party, whose consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld.

28 There are clear indications in the clause itself that it relates to
contractual rights but not tortious rights. Firstly, the clause provides that
the “rights and obligations” under the Storage Agreement shall not be assigned
or novated without the other party’s consent. It is trite that one can assign
benefits but not burdens. Therefore, while rights can be assigned or novated,
obligations can only be novated. As the Debtor points out, novation is a
process by which a contract between the original contracting parties is
discharged through mutual consent and substituted with a new contract between
the new parties (Fairview Developments Pte Ltd v Ong & Ong Pte Ltd [2014] 2
SLR 318 at [46]). This supports the view that when the non-assignment clause
refers to the novation of “rights and obligations”, this must be understood to
mean contractual rights and obligations. One clearly cannot read the clause as
prohibiting the assignment or novation of tortious rights and obligations. Nor
can one, without great difficulty, read it disjunctively as prohibiting the
assignment of contractual and tortious rights, but only the novation of
contractual obligations – that would leave an awkward gap for the transfer of
contractual rights by novation.

29 Secondly, the heading to the clause states “TRANSFER OR ASSIGNMENT OF
AGREEMENT” [emphasis added]. This wording, while not conclusive, is a further
indication that the clause is not intended to cover the transfer of tortious
rights.

30 Thirdly, the Debtor has referred me to other clauses in the Storage
Agreement which specifically refer to rights other than contractual rights: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Debtor’s Submissions for SUM 3297 at para 9(e).

(a) Clause [Y] provides that all exclusions and indemnities given under the
clause “will apply irrespective of cause and notwithstanding the negligence or
breach of duty (whether statutory or otherwise) of [the Assignor] or [the
Company] as the case may be and will apply irrespective of any claim in tort,
under contract or otherwise at law” [emphasis added].

(b) Clause [Z] states that “review or acceptance by [the Assignor] of any
certificate, insurer, or terms or limits of insurance proposed by [the
Company] will not relieve [the Company] of any obligation or liability under
or arising from this Agreement or at law” [emphasis added].

31 What is apparent from these clauses is that the Assignor and the Company
have drawn precise distinctions between different types of rights and
obligations. In particular, Clause [Z] distinguishes between obligations or
liabilities “under or arising from this Agreement” or “at law” – it is clear
from this distinction that the former refers to contractual obligations or
liabilities specifically. This further affirms my view that when the
contracting parties refer to rights and obligations “under the Agreement” in
the non-assignment clause, they intend to refer specifically to contractual
rights and obligations.

32 I turn to Burleigh House, which the JMs rely on in support of their
contention that the non-assignment clause also prohibits assignments of
tortious rights. Burleigh House involved a professional negligence claim
against a law firm by an assignee of its former client. The defendant law firm
applied for summary judgment against the assignee (our equivalent would be an
application to strike out a claim) on the ground, among others, that the claim
was unsustainable as the assignment was in breach of a non-assignment clause
in the firm’s terms of retainer (set out in Burleigh House at [10]):

You may not assign all or any part of the benefit of, or your rights and
benefits under, the agreement of which these standard terms and condition
[sic] form part…

33 The English High Court held that the non-assignment clause prohibited both
assignments of contractual and tortious rights, and granted summary judgment
against the assignee. There were two main reasons for the court’s decision:

(a) The court applied the approach taken towards the construction of
arbitration clauses in Fiona Trust & Holding Corp v Privalov [2007] Bus LR
1719 (“Fiona Trust”), where it was held that rational businesspeople who agree
to such clauses, regardless of whether they refer to disputes “arising under”,
“in connection with” or “under” a contract, intend any dispute arising out of
their relationship to be decided by the same tribunal. Very clear language
would be needed to show a contrary intention (Burleigh House at [24], citing
Fiona Trust at [13]).

(b) The court also accepted the law firm’s argument that it was uncommercial
and undesirable to interpret the clause to mean that the parties had intended
that clients could assign tortious rights – among other reasons, the law firm
could find itself owing obligations to a third party it did not choose to do
business with, regardless of issues of money-laundering and conflict of
interests (Burleigh House at [26]).

34 In my judgment, Burleigh House does not assist the JMs. As canvassed above,
the case concerned assignments in the context of a former client’s claim
against a law firm for professional negligence. The implications that such an
assignment would have on the solicitor-client relationship was evidently a
significant consideration for the court in its interpretation of the non-
assignment clause in the terms of the law firm’s retainer. Those concerns do
not feature in the Second Assignment, which arises in a completely different
context. To that extent, Burleigh House is distinguishable.

35 Furthermore, I do not agree that the approach towards the interpretation of
arbitration clauses as espoused in Fiona Trust should ipso facto apply to
other clauses in a contract or to non-assignment clauses generally. As
explained in Fiona Trust at [13], the rationale underlying that broad
interpretation is that rational businesspeople are presumed to intend for all
disputes arising from their relationship to be decided in the same forum.
Indeed, our Court of Appeal found the Fiona Trust principle to apply to
jurisdiction clauses generally (Bunge SA and another v Shrikant Bhasi and
other appeals [2020] 2 SLR 1223 at [37], citing Adrian Briggs, Civil
Jurisdiction and Judgments (Informa Law, 5th Ed, 2009) at pp 433–434). A non-
assignment clause, however, is not a dispute resolution clause and is intended
to perform a very different function. It is difficult to see why the rationale
in Fiona Trust should apply when interpreting such a clause. Hence, I
respectfully decline to follow Burleigh House insofar as it relies on the
Fiona Trust approach in interpreting non-assignment clauses.

36 In my judgment, the non-assignment clause in the Storage Agreement only
extends to contractual rights under the Storage Agreement. It does not
prohibit assignments of tortious claims such as the Vessel [B] Document Claim.

37 As for the JMs’ contention that the Document (and consequently, the Vessel
[B] Document Claim) is inextricably connected to the Storage Agreement, this
argument is neither here nor there with respect to the present issue, which is
centred on the interpretation of the non-assignment clause. However, insofar
as the JMs argue that the Vessel [B] Document Claim is dependent upon the
assignment of contractual rights under the Storage Agreement, that may have
some bearing on their further challenge that the Second Assignment is one of a
bare right to litigate and therefore void and/or unenforceable. I elaborate on
that issue later in this judgment.

Whether assignments prohibited by the non-assignment clause nonetheless take
effect in equity

38 What then of the Vessel [B] Storage Agreement Claim? The Debtor does not
(and indeed cannot) deny that this claim falls within the ambit of the non-
assignment clause. It would logically follow that the assignment of the Vessel
[B] Storage Agreement Claim is prohibited by the non-assignment clause, and is
consequently void.

39 The Debtor disagrees with that conclusion. It argues that the effect of the
non-assignment clause is not to render the assignment void altogether. Rather,
all it means is that the assignment takes effect as an equitable assignment or
as a declaration of trust. In either case, the Debtor acquires an equitable
interest in the assigned claim. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Debtor’s Submissions for SUM 3297 at para 17.

(1) No equitable assignment

40 I disagree with the Debtor. The law is clear that an assignment of rights
in breach of a non-assignment clause is ineffective, both at law and in
equity. This position was set out by Lord Browne-Wilkinson in the House of
Lords case of Linden Gardens Trust Ltd v Lenesta Sludge Disposals Ltd [1994] 1
AC 85 (“Linden Gardens”) at 107–108:

… We were not referred to any English case in which the courts have had to
consider restrictions on the alienation of tangible personal property,
probably because there are few cases in which there would be any desire to
restrict such alienation. In the case of real property there is a defined and
limited supply of the commodity, and it has been held contrary to public
policy to restrict the free market. But no such reason can apply to
contractual rights: there is no public need for a market in choses in action.
A party to a building contract, as I have sought to explain, can have a
genuine commercial interest in seeking to ensure that he is in contractual
relations only with a person whom he has selected as the other party to the
contract. In the circumstances, I can see no policy reason why a contractual
prohibition on assignment of contractual rights should be held contrary to
public policy.

…

Therefore the existing authorities establish that an attempted assignment of
contractual rights in breach of a contractual prohibition is ineffective to
transfer such contractual rights…

[emphasis added]

41 Linden Gardens has been accepted and applied in Singapore. In Total English
Learning Global Pte Ltd v Kids Counsel Pte Ltd [2014] SGHC 258 at [64], Tay
Yong Kwang J (as he then was) declined to depart from the position as stated
in Linden Gardens:

… Although Mr Goh urged me to depart from the English position set out in
Linden Gardens v Lenesta, there was no reason to suggest why the legal
reasoning adopted therein would be inapplicable to the local context.

42 Further, in Arris Solutions, Inc and others v Asian Broadcasting Network
(M) Sdn Bhd [2017] 4 SLR 1 at [20], the Singapore International Commercial
Court also acknowledged this to be the position under Singapore law:

… The Plaintiffs’ attention was then drawn to the English House of Lords
decision in Linden Gardens Trust Ltd v Lenesta Sludge Disposals Ltd [1994] 1
AC 85 (‘Linden Gardens’), a decision which has subsequently been applied in
Singapore in Total English Learning Global Pte Ltd v Kids Counsel Pte Ltd
[2014] SGHC 258 (‘Total English’). Linden Gardens stands for the rule that
where there is a contractual prohibition on assignment without prior consent,
a purported assignment executed without obtaining such consent will be only
effective as between the assignor and assignee, but will not bind the other
contracting party, whose rights and obligations will remain to the assignor.

[emphasis added]

43 The Debtor relies primarily on several academic articles and treatises to
support its case. The first is Roy Goode, “Contractual Prohibitions Against
Assignment” [2009] LMCLQ 300. In this article, at pp 305–306, Professor Goode
argues that while non-assignment clauses do prevent assignment clauses from
taking effect at law (due to the inability to give an effective notice of
assignment), they cannot invalidate the transfer of a contract right as a
matter of property, because that would be contrary to public policy:

… The first point to make is that an assignment of a contract right in breach
of a no-assignment clause takes effect only in equity. That is because a
statutory (or legal) assignment requires notice of assignment to be given to
the debtor and this is a requirement that cannot be satisfied where, because
of the prohibition against assignment, no effective notice can be given.

…

… The reason why the common law rule barring restraints against alienation
does not apply to a valid no-assignment clause is not that contract rights do
not constitute property (they clearly do in the relations between assignor and
assignee), but that the clause is almost invariably intended to operate only
as a contractual provision absolving the debtor from any duty to the assignee,
not as an invalidation of the transfer. It is established that such a clause,
as opposed to one seeking to invalidate the transfer of the contract right
from assignor to assignee as a matter of property, is not contrary to public
policy. If, however, it purports to render a transfer void, whether of the
fruits of performance or of beneficial ownership of the contract right itself,
it invades the field of property law and is of no effect, both on the ground
of repugnancy and on the ground of public policy.

[emphasis added]

44 The same view is taken in Michael Bridge, “The Nature of Assignment and
Non-Assignment Clauses” [2016] 132 LQR 47, which the Debtor also relies on.
Together, these may be taken to represent the “contract view” of non-
assignment clauses, that is, the view that non-assignment clauses cannot
affect the fundamental alienable character of property (including contractual
or tortious rights).

45 Attractive as those arguments may be, they do not represent the position
under our law. Also, the House of Lords in Linden Gardens took the view that
contractual prohibitions against choses in action (including contractual and
tortious rights) do not offend public policy (see [40] above). I am inclined
to agree. One further point to consider is that if the “contract view” as
argued for by the Debtor was adopted as part of our law, that could render
non-assignment clauses nugatory in general – the ramifications for the
commercial world could be severe and wide-ranging. I am not persuaded that the
current position under Singapore law should be departed from; even if it were
to be departed from, given the potential wide-ranging implications, it is my
respectful view that the court is ill-equipped to effect such change.

(2) No declaration of trust

46 The Debtor advances an alternative case that the prohibited assignment may
nonetheless take effect as a declaration of trust. That assumes that the
requisite intention to create a trust is present to begin with.

47 Reading the deed of assignment in respect of the Vessel [B] Claims, I see
no basis to read it as a declaration of trust, whether express or implied. The
operative clause makes it clear that what the Assignor had intended was an
absolute transfer, and evinces no intention on the part of the Assignor to
hold any right for the benefit of the Debtor: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents for SUM 3297 at p 247.

The Assignor unconditionally and absolutely assigns to the Assignee all of the
Assignor’s rights, title, interest and benefits in and to:

(a) the Cargo;

(b) the Storage Agreement;

(c) the [Document]; and

(d) any and all causes of action that the Assignor has or may have against
OTPL in connection with or arising from the Cargo, the Storage Agreement and
the [Document], whether set out in any existing legal action or otherwise,

[emphasis added]

48 In my judgment, the assignment of the Vessel [B] Storage Agreement Claim is
prohibited by the non-assignment clause, and is therefore void and/or
ineffective, both at law and in equity.

Whether the Assigned Claims are bare rights of action which cannot be assigned

49 I turn to the second prong of the JMs’ challenge – that the Assignments
(see above at [9]–[11]) are in any event void as assignments of bare rights of
action.

The law of assignment

50 I start by setting out some basic principles governing the assignment of
choses in action. First, a chose in action is property; it is capable of being
owned and transferred (by assignment). Second, it is uncontroversial that
debts, contractual rights and rights of action in tort – all subjects of the
Assignments in this case – are choses in action which in theory may be
assigned (see Ying Khai Liew, Guest on the Law of Assignment (4th ed, Sweet &
Maxwell, 2021) (“Guest”) at paras 1-17–1-25).

51 However, a bare right to litigate is not generally assignable. The
objectionability lies not in whether such a right is property – plainly, it
is. It lies in the public policy against maintenance and champerty. The
position is well-summarised in Guest at para 4-33:

Assignments of the right to litigate. A chose in action is not assignable if
the assignment ‘savours of’ or is conducive to maintenance or champerty. For
this reason, a bare right of action, that is, the mere right to litigate,
cannot in principle be assigned. Thus the right to bring an action for damages
for a tort or for unliquidated damages for a breach of contract committed
before the date of the assignment is in principle not assignable… [emphasis
added]

52 There are several recognised exceptions to this principle. First, an
assignment of a cause of action is valid where it is ancillary to the
assignment of a property right or interest. Second, an assignment of a claim
is valid where the assignee has a genuine commercial interest in the
enforcement of the assigned claim (Trendtex Trading Corporation and another v
Credit Suisse [1982] AC 679 at 703).

53 With these basic principles in mind, I turn to the JMs’ challenges in
respect of each of the Assigned Claims.

The Default Judgment

54 In my view, it is clear that the assignment of the Default Judgment is
valid as an assignment of a judgment debt. It is uncontroversial that judgment
debts are no different from other types of debts and may be assigned in the
same manner. This is clear from the decision of the English Court of Appeal in
Crooks v Newdigate Properties Ltd and others [2009] EWCA Civ 283 at [22]:

…The assignee can in this respect be in no better position than the assignor.
An assignment of a debt, including a judgment debt, is subject to equities,
including the right of the debtor to raise defences to enforcement arising out
of the subject matter of the assignment… [emphasis added]

55 The assignability of a judgment debt is also recognised in Guest at para
1-18:

A judgment debt is a chose in action. An assignment of a judgment debt will
enable an assignee to claim the debt and enforce the judgment and to give a
good discharge…

56 Further, it makes no difference that the judgment debt in this case arose
from a default judgment. A default judgment is no less a judgment and is good
and enforceable unless it is set aside (Payna Chettiar v Maimoon bte Ismail
and others [1997] 1 SLR(R) 738 at [11]).

57 Mr Sreenivasan, however, maintains that the assignment of the Default
Judgment (and by extension, the Vessel [A] Claim) is void and/or
unenforceable. He argues that at the time the Default Judgment was obtained,
the Company was already in judicial management. This meant that the Assignor’s
only recourse in respect of the judgment debt was to file a proof of debt with
the JMs and receive a pari passu distribution of the Company’s assets.
However, what was assigned to the Debtor was not the proceeds that the
Assignor would have received from that distribution; instead, it was the
Assignor’s statutory right to assert insolvency set-off of any mutual debts
with the Company. This was not a property right, but a personal right which
had vested in the Assignor, the assignment of which would enable the Debtor to
profit by extinguishing/diminishing the Company’s claims against it in the
Arbitration. Further, the Debtor had no genuine commercial interest in taking
the assignment of the claim. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

JMs’ Further Submissions at paras 36–37.

58 I disagree with the JMs’ contention that creditors of a company in judicial
management are entitled only to file proofs of debt and receive a pari passu
distribution of its assets. This is erroneous on two fronts. Firstly, pari
passu distribution of the company’s assets is a feature of the liquidation
regime, not the judicial management regime – it is fallacious to conflate the
two regimes. Secondly, the purpose of filing a proof of debt with judicial
managers is not for the creditor to obtain a distribution of the company’s
assets, but to obtain a right to vote at a meeting of the creditors. While it
is true that the Assignor’s right to enforce the judgment debt was restricted
temporarily while the Company was in judicial management, that did not
fundamentally change the nature of that debt in the way that the JMs contend.

The Vessel [B] Claims

59 I turn to the Vessel [B] Storage Agreement Claim and the Vessel [B]
Document Claim. Unlike the Vessel [A] Claim/Default Judgment, these claims
have not been merged into any judgments so as to create judgment debts. They
are therefore properly characterised as bare rights to litigate, which are
prima facie unassignable as a matter of public policy. The question that
follows is whether the assignments of these claims are nonetheless valid
because they fall within either of the established exceptions (see [52]
above).

(1) Whether the assignments were ancillary to assignments in property

60 I first consider whether the assignments of the claims were ancillary to
assignments in property. The Debtor contends that they were, because the
Cargo, the Storage Agreement and the Document constitute assigned property
rights or interests. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Debtor’s Further Submissions for SUM 2989 and SUM 3297 at para 32.

This argument of course begs the question whether such rights or interests
were assigned at all. On the Debtor’s own case (see [25]), the non-assignment
clause in the Storage Agreement applies to prohibit assignments of contractual
rights. I have also explained my reasons for finding that an assignment which
is prohibited by a non-assignment clause does not take effect in equity
either. Accordingly, this would rule out any possibility of any rights to or
under the Storage Agreement being assigned to the Debtor.

61 As for the assignment of rights to and interests in the Vessel [B] Document
Claim, I also find that it is not ancillary to an assignment of any property
right or interest. The Debtor’s case is that this claim is separate and
independent from the Storage Agreement. Mr Lok also contends that there was
nothing in the Storage Agreement which obliged the Company to issue the
Document; instead, the Document was issued to enable the delivery of the Cargo
to the Debtor pursuant to the underlying sale contract. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Debtor’s Submissions for SUM 3297 at paras 10–11.

62 However, as Mr Sreenivasan correctly points out, the Debtor’s own pleadings
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents for SUM 3297 at pp 148–151.

in the Arbitration betray this understanding. The Vessel [B] Document Claim
was pleaded in the Arbitration in the following terms:

(a) The Assignor entered into the underlying sale contract to purchase the
Vessel [B] Cargo from its seller (the “Seller”), and separately entered into
the Storage Agreement with the Company.

(b) The Storage Agreement contained an implied term whereby the Company
undertook not to misstate the amount of petroleum products transferred onto or
out of Vessel [B] and/or whether any such transfers had taken place, whether
by way of a certifying document or otherwise.

(c) The Company issued the Document, but it later became clear that it was not
complying with its obligations under the Storage Agreement. It transpired that
the Document falsely represented that the Vessel [B] Cargo had been
transferred.

(d) The Seller also issued a false certifying document recording the same
transfer.

(e) By reason of the fact that the Company and Seller had issued their
respective false documents on the same day, it was clear that the Company and
Seller had entered into a combination to defraud the Assignor. Further or
alternatively, the Company had coordinated with the Seller in the issuance of
their respective false documents, thereby inducing the Seller to breach the
underlying sale contract. Further, the Company itself had breached the implied
term under the Storage Contract in issuing the Document.

63 It is apparent from the Debtor’s pleadings in the Arbitration as set out
above that the Debtor’s current framing of the Vessel [B] Document Claim
cannot hold any water. Far from being separate and independent, each and every
limb of the claim depends upon the Company’s issuance of the Document, which
it had issued pursuant to the Storage Agreement, and which was wrongful
because it breached an implied term of the Storage Agreement. The underlying
sale contract itself did not oblige the Company to issue the Document –
instead, that obligation was on the Seller to issue its own separate
certifying document, which was also relied on in the Vessel [B] Document
Claim. Thus, it is clear from the Debtor’s framing of the Vessel [B] Document
Claim in the Arbitration that it is based upon the claimant having contractual
rights under the Storage Agreement. It is not separate and independent from
the Storage Agreement – on the contrary, it is substantially (if not wholly)
dependent upon it. Since the contractual rights under the Storage Agreement
have not been assigned by virtue of the non-assignment clause, the assignment
of the Vessel [B] Document Claim cannot be said to be ancillary to any
assignment of a right or interest in property.

64 Lastly, it cannot possibly be contended that the Debtor had obtained an
assignment of the rights to the Cargo when the Assignor did not have that
cargo in the first place – in fact, the non-existence of that cargo forms the
very basis of the Vessel [B] Document Claim. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1st Affidavit of Wu Him at para 17; Debtor’s Submissions for SUM 3297 at para
10(d).

65 The Debtor relies on the following passage from Commission Recovery Ltd v
Marks & Clerk LLP and another [2023] EWHC 398 (Comm) (“Commission Recovery
Ltd”) as authority for the proposition that an assignment may be valid
notwithstanding that there is a dispute over the assigned property: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Debtor’s Further Submissions for SUM 2989 and SUM 3297 at para 27.

36\. It was not in issue on the application before me that an assignment of
property is not champertous (and thus is not unlawful and invalid for that
reason). The assignment of a debt may be taken as an often encountered
example. The authorities also show that the fact that there is a dispute as to
whether the Claimant (acting bona fide) is correct (i.e. if there is a dispute
that the client does have the property that is being assigned) does not affect
the validity of the assignment in this context.

66 In Commission Recovery Ltd, the defendant law firm sought to strike out
certain claims for secret commissions which had been paid to it on the ground
that the claimant had obtained a champertous assignment of the bare right to
litigate those claims from the defendants’ former clients. The court held that
those secret commissions constituted property held on trust by the law firm
for its client. That being the case, the client could assign it to the
claimant, and with it, the right to commence litigation against the law firm
to realise that property: Commission Recovery Ltd at [35].

67 Given the nature of the dispute in Commission Recovery Ltd, one can
understand why the court there arrived at the decision it did. The secret
commissions received by the law firm, which formed the subject matter of the
assigned claim, was itself also the assigned property. The court was clearly
concerned with the circularity involved in permitting the defendant to defeat
the assignment by the very act of asserting that it disputed the claim. In my
view, the passage cited by the Debtor is to be confined to those specific
facts.

68 Those facts do not feature in the present case. As I have explained above,
there are clear reasons to find that there was no assignment of property in
respect of the Vessel [B] Cargo, the Storage Agreement, or the Document. Those
reasons are independent of the merits of the underlying claims themselves. No
“dispute” of the kind envisaged in Commission Recovery Ltd arises here.

69 Therefore, I find and hold that the assignments of the Vessel [B] Claims
were not ancillary to any assignments of rights or interests in property.

(2) Whether the Debtor had a genuine commercial interest in the assigned
claims

70 With regard to the Vessel [B] Claims, Mr Lok argues that the Debtor has a
direct, clear and genuine interest in the enforcement of those claims for two
reasons. The first is that it is the assignee of the property underlying those
claims, those being the Cargo, the Storage Agreement and the Document. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Debtor’s Further Submissions for SUM 2989 and SUM 3297 at para 35.

This ground overlaps with Mr Lok’s arguments in respect of the assignments
being ancillary to assignments of rights and interests in property which I
have already rejected. Insofar as those arguments overlap here, I would also
reject them accordingly.

71 The second ground is that it has a genuine commercial interest in seeking
to reduce or extinguish the Corporate Group’s liability to the Company by
acquiring the assignments. The Debtor says that these are intercompany
transactions which assist the Corporate Group in achieving optimisation for
its global trade business. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Debtor’s Further Submissions for SUM 2989 and SUM 3297 at paras 36–37.

72 This submission raises an interesting issue as to what constitutes a
genuine commercial interest. This is usefully illustrated in some of the cases
referred to by Mr Lok.

73 In Bourne v Colodense Ltd [1985] ICR 291 (“Bourne”), a company had
prevailed in defending a personal injury suit commenced by its former employee
with the funding of his union. The company was awarded costs, but the employee
(who was impecunious) did not pay. It was found that the union had agreed to
indemnify the employee for his legal costs, but the employee refused aid. The
English Court of Appeal granted an order permitting the appointment of a
receiver by way of equitable execution to enforce the employee’s indemnity
against the union. The court held this was not an assignment of a bare right
to litigate because “the defendants clearly have a commercial interest in the
enforcement of such rights as the plaintiff had against his union. If they
could not through the receiver enforce their rights, they would have had no
more than a worthless order for costs in their favour.” (Bourne at 302C).

74 In Scholle Industries Pty Ltd v AEP Industries (NZ) Limited & Anor [2007]
SASC 322 (“Scholle”), the Supreme Court of South Australia made the following
observations in determining whether there was a genuine commercial interest:

17 Subsequent authority has illustrated the variety of circumstances in which
a genuine commercial interest may exist. A substantial creditor of the
assignor, a sole shareholder who was the guarantor of the overdraft of the
assignor, and a defendant who had paid money into court to satisfy a
plaintiff’s claim and who had taken an assignment of the plaintiff’s cause of
action against a co-defendant have each been held to have an interest
amounting to a genuine commercial interest sufficient to sustain an
assignment. But in all cases in which it has been held that the assignee had a
genuine commercial interest in taking the assignment, that interest has
existed independently of, and prior to, the assignment itself. That is to say,
the interest of the assignee in the subject matter of the assignment was
distinct from the benefit which it sought to derive from it.

…

19 In support of his submission that it is at least arguable that the
plaintiff’s status as a wholly owned subsidiary of Scholle Corporation gave it
a genuine commercial interest in taking the assignment from its parent, Mr
Ericson referred to a number of authorities concerning assignments of causes
of action or, alternatively, claims of unlawful maintenance or champerty in
which the interests of a shareholder, or a member of a corporate group, has
been recognised as sufficient. The first was Bandwill Pty Ltd v Spencer-Laitt.
In that case, the defendants sought a stay of the action on the ground that
the action was being maintained against them pursuant to champertous
agreements (one, a funding agreement, and the other, an investigation and
litigation support agreement). The circumstances were that one member of a
corporate group had lent monies to a borrower. Its security extended to any
claim or right of action to which the borrower was, or might become, entitled
in respect of a secured fund. Later, the borrower and the lender proposed
litigation on a cause of action which formed part of the security. They
entered into a litigation funding agreement with company A and a litigation
support agreement with company B. Each of the lender and companies A and B
formed part of the one commercial group. Although finding that the litigation
funding and litigation support agreements in question were champertous,
Templeman J declined to conclude that they were unlawful. This was because
each company was a member of the same corporate group. It was said that the
“association between the companies” made it “artificial” to say that the
companies providing funding and litigation support had no pre-existing
interest in the outcome of the litigation.

…

22 These authorities indicate that the concept of a genuine commercial
interest is to be applied in a broad and practical way and that such an
interest may be found in the relationship of members of the one corporate
group, as well as in the relationship of shareholder and company.

23\. Further, in considering whether an asserted interest is sufficient to
support an assignment, regard may appropriately be had to the vice which the
rule against assignment of causes of action seeks to prevent. The
identification of the vice gives some colour to the concept of a genuine
commercial interest. As already noted, the relevant vice is the unlawful
maintenance of litigation. The basis of the law’s disapproval of maintenance
was discussed in Campbells Cash and Carry Pty Ltd v Fostif Pty Ltd. Gummow,
Hayne and Crennan JJ referred to authority indicating the law’s distaste of
“trafficking” in litigation and of “wanton and officious intermeddling with
the disputes of others.” Although for the purposes of determining this appeal
it is not appropriate to express a concluded view, it can at least be said
that the circumstances of the present case do not appear to have the flavour
of “trafficking” in litigation or of an inappropriate intermeddling by the
plaintiff in the claim of its parent company. It is also of interest that in
two of the authorities to which Gummow, Hayne and Crennan JJ referred, the
existence of a common interest in the litigation, such as that between persons
of near kin, was recognised as an exception to the general prohibition against
maintenance.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

75 Scholle itself involved the plaintiff taking an assignment from its parent
company of a cause of action in tort against the defendant. The defendant had
supplied defective wine taps to the plaintiff, requiring the plaintiff to
obtain replacements from its sister company – that in turn resulted in its
sister company having to obtain taps from another supplier at greater cost to
meet its own obligations, and this was regarded as a loss to the parent
company. To recover this loss, the plaintiff took an assignment of the parent
company’s cause of action. The court held that it was reasonably arguable that
the plaintiff had a genuine commercial interest, although it did not have to
decide this conclusively (Scholle at [24]).

76 It appears that there is some scope to argue that the Debtor and Assignor
are in fact part of a singular corporate group with a singular interest. One
factor against viewing them as such, however, is the fact that both entities
had individually filed proofs of debt with the judicial managers, and the
Debtor’s proof of debt was phrased to make clear that the claims against the
Company were firmly the Assignor’s claims, and that the Debtor’s claims were
not to be double counted with them.

77 In any case, I find that on the facts before me, the Debtor does not have a
genuine commercial interest in the Vessel [B] Claims. It must be noted that
even in Scholle (as well as the case of Bandwill Pty Ltd v Spencer-Laitt
(“Bandwill”) cited therein at [19]), the assignee appeared to at least have a
prevailing commercial interest in the litigation prior to the assignment. In
Scholle, the plaintiff assignee itself had entered into the transaction with
the defendant which resulted in loss. In Bandwill, the assignee member of the
corporate group had loaned money to the assignor member and the litigation
would help it recover some of the loan moneys. Therefore, Scholle and Bandwill
do not stand as authority that any assignment between two companies in a
corporate group would be automatically clothed with a veil of legitimacy in
the form of genuine commercial interest. The facts of each case must be
closely examined.

78 Furthermore, the court in Scholle (at [23]) expressly referred to the law’s
distaste of trafficking in litigation as also a factor to consider.

79 In my judgment, the Debtor has no genuine commercial interest in the Vessel
[B] Claims. It had no prevailing interest in them prior to the Second
Assignment, and has only obtained the Second Assignment for the purpose of
raising them against the Company in the Arbitration by way of set-off. The
claim made by the Debtor against the Company in the Arbitration and the
counterclaim for outstanding freight raised by the Company against the Debtor
in the Arbitration have no connection whatsoever with the Vessel [B] Claims.
Accordingly, I find that the Second Assignment is void and/or ineffective as a
champertous assignment of bare rights to litigate.

80 However, as I have concluded at [54], there is no such obstacle to the
First Assignment (of the Vessel [A] Claim which has merged with the Default
Judgment) because that concerns the assignment of a judgment debt and not of a
bare right to litigate.

Conclusion on SUM 3297

81 To summarise, my findings and conclusions on SUM 3297 are as follows:

(a) The assignment of the Vessel [A] Claim (which has merged into the Default
Judgment) pursuant to the First Assignment is a valid assignment. As it is not
an assignment of a bare right to litigate but of a judgment debt due and
payable under the Default Judgment, the First Assignment is not a champertous
assignment.

(b) The assignment of the Vessel [B] Storage Agreement Claim pursuant to the
Second Assignment is in breach of the non-assignment clause in the Storage
Agreement and therefore void and/or ineffective as against the Company, the
JMs and the liquidators. Even if I am wrong on this, I find that it is a
champertous assignment of a bare right to litigate and therefore also void
and/or ineffective as against the Company, the JMs and the liquidators.

(c) The assignment of the Vessel [B] Document Claim pursuant to the Second
Assignment does not breach the non-assignment clause in the Storage Agreement.
However, it is also a champertous assignment of a bare right to litigate and
therefore void and/or ineffective as against the Company, the JMs and the
liquidators.

SUM 2989

82 I turn now to SUM 2989. Given the conclusions I have reached in respect of
SUM 3297, my determination of SUM 2989 will affect only the Debtor’s
entitlement to assert set-off against the Company in respect of the Vessel [A]
Claim as merged in the Default Judgment.

The law of set-off

83 I begin by summarising the relevant principles governing (i) legal set-off
(which is often also referred to as independent set-off) and (ii) insolvency
set-off.

Legal set-off

84 Legal set-off originated from the English Statutes of Set-off enacted in
1729 and 1735. It was applied in the common law courts, and was retained as
part of the common law even after the repeal of those statutes. Legal set-off
is distinct from the doctrine of equitable set-off, which developed
independently in the Court of Chancery. The principles relating to and
background context of legal set-off are summarised in Hayate Investment Co Ltd
v ManagementPlus (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2012] SGHCR 3 (“Hayate”) at [15]–[17]
(see also Rory Derham, The Law of Set-Off (Oxford University Press, 4th Ed,
2010) at paras 2.01–2.06).

85 Legal set-off allows for the set-off of entirely unconnected and
independent claims, provided the requirements for such set-off to take effect
are met. These requirements are that (1) the claims must be liquidated or for
amounts capable of ascertainment without valuation or estimation; (2) the
claims must be due and payable; and (3) the claims must be mutual, in the
sense that each party must be the sole beneficial owner of the claim he is
owed and solely and personally liable on the claim he owes (Hayate at [16]).

86 However, legal set-off does not take effect automatically simply by virtue
of these three requirements being satisfied. The law is clear that legal set-
off is not a self-help remedy (Hayate at [17]). It must be given effect to in
a judgment. This was made clear by Lord Hoffman in Stein v Blake [1996] AC 243
(“Stein v Blake”) (at 251 and 256):

Legal set-off does not affect the substantive rights of the parties against
each other, at any rate until both causes of action have been merged in a
judgment of the court.

…

It is true that bankruptcy set-off does cover a much wider range of claims
than legal set-off. But for present purposes the important difference is that
the latter must be pleaded and is given effect only in the judgment of the
court, whereas the latter is self-executing and takes effect on the bankruptcy
date.

[emphasis added]

87 However, is it the case that only the judgment of a court can breathe life
into a legal set-off, or could the award of an arbitral tribunal have the same
effect? As a matter of principle, I see no reason why a tribunal, as an
adjudicator of claims (much like a court), should not be empowered to give
effect to a legal set-off.

88 Further, I do not read Lord Hoffman’s comments in Stein v Blake (at [86]
above) to mean that the power to effect legal set-off is within the exclusive
remit of the courts. The House of Lords in that case had simply not been
confronted with this issue. I also observe that in CKG v CKH [2021] 5 SLR 84,
the Singapore International Commercial Court implicitly recognised (at
[30]–[33]) the power of an arbitral tribunal to give effect to legal set-off
when it held that the tribunal had failed to set-off certain sums owed to one
party against damages which had been awarded against it.

89 Thus, in my view, legal set-off can also be given effect to by the award of
a tribunal, but with one caveat – while legal set-off allows for the set-off
of completely unrelated and independent claims, a tribunal can only give
effect to legal set-off if it has the jurisdiction to decide both reciprocal
claims. This is a corollary of the fundamental principle that a tribunal
cannot exceed its jurisdiction in making an award. If an award which purports
to set-off two reciprocal claims is set aside on the ground that one of the
claims was not within the scope of the parties’ submission to jurisdiction,
then any legal set-off naturally falls away with the award.

90 This caveat is not unique to arbitral tribunals. It applies equally to a
court which has no jurisdiction to hear one of the reciprocal claims, for
example, because that claim is subject to an arbitration agreement. This was
recognised in Glencore Grain Ltd v Agros Trading Co Ltd [1999] 2 All ER (Comm)
288, where the English Court of Appeal stated (at [21]):

21 … In short Hoffmann LJ's analysis shows that a defendant is only entitled
to set off a mutual debt if it remains available to him when the plaintiff
brings his action. Moreover it must be capable of being litigated in the
action in the sense referred to by Hoffmann LJ. Thus if the court is or would
have been bound to stay such an action under s 1 of the Arbitration Act 1975
or s 9 of the Arbitration Act 1996 the claim would not be capable of being so
litigated. The same is true if the court would have no jurisdiction by reason
of a choice of jurisdiction clause under art 17 of the Brussels Convention. …

[emphasis added]

Insolvency set-off

91 Unlike legal set-off, insolvency set-off is a creature of statute. There
are two clear aspects of insolvency set-off. First, it is mandatory, in the
sense that parties cannot exclude its effect by contract. Second, it is a
self-executing procedural directive – unlike legal set-off, insolvency set-off
takes effect automatically without the need for further intervention (CIMB
Bank Bhd v Italmatic Tyre & Retreading Equipment (Asia) Pte Ltd [2021] 4 SLR
883 at [134]). As with legal set-off, there is similarly a requirement of
mutuality for insolvency set-off to apply.

92 Before the IRDA came into operation, insolvency set-off was provided for in
s 327(2) of the Companies Act read with s 88 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20,
2009 Rev Ed) as in force before 30 July 2020 (the “Bankruptcy Act”).

93 Section 88 of the Bankruptcy Act provides:

88.—(1) Where there have been any mutual credits, mutual debts or other mutual
dealings between a bankrupt and any creditor, the debts and liabilities to
which each party is or may become subject as a result of such mutual credits,
debts or dealings shall be set-off against each other and only the balance
shall be a debt provable in bankruptcy.

(2) There shall be excluded from any set-off under subsection (1) any debt or
liability of the bankrupt which —

(a) is not a debt provable in bankruptcy; or

(b) arises by reason of an obligation incurred at a time when the creditor had
notice that a bankruptcy application relating to the bankrupt was pending.

94 Section 327(2) of the Companies Act provides:

(2) Subject to section 328, in the winding up of an insolvent company the same
rules shall prevail and be observed with regard to the respective rights of
secured and unsecured creditors and debts provable and the valuation of
annuities and future and contingent liabilities as are in force for the time
being under the law relating to bankruptcy in relation to the estates of
bankrupt persons, and all persons, who in any such case would be entitled to
prove for and receive dividends out of the assets of the company, may come in
under the winding up and make such claims against the company as they
respectively are entitled to by virtue of this section.

95 It is apparent from the provisions as set out above that prior to the IRDA,
insolvency set-off applied only to the winding up of an insolvent company; it
did not apply to judicial management. Upon the commencement of winding up, any
mutual credits, mutual debts and mutual dealings between the company and a
creditor would be set-off, with only the balance provable in the company’s
liquidation – hence, the requirement of mutuality. However, even if there was
mutuality, a claim could nonetheless be excluded from insolvency set-off under
s 88(2) of the Bankruptcy Act read with s 327(2) of the Companies Act, either
because that claim was not provable in liquidation or because it arose by
reason of an obligation incurred at a time when the creditor had notice of the
winding-up application relating to the company.

96 The mutuality requirement and the exclusion criteria did not change
substantially with the IRDA coming into operation. One notable change,
however, was that insolvency set-off was extended to the judicial management
regime. Thus, s 219 of the IRDA provides:

219.—(1) This section applies to —

(a) a company in judicial management; and

(b) an insolvent company that is being wound up.

(2) Where there have been any mutual credits, mutual debts or other mutual
dealings between a company and any creditor, the debts and liabilities to
which each party is or may become subject as a result of such mutual credits,
debts or dealings must be set off against each other and only the balance is a
debt provable in the judicial management or the winding up of the company, as
the case may be.

(3) There is to be excluded from any set-off under subsection (2) any debt or
liability of the company which —

(a) is not a debt provable in judicial management or winding up; or

(b) arises by reason of an obligation incurred at a time when the creditor had
notice that an interim judicial manager had been appointed under section
94(3), or that the application for a judicial management order or the
application for winding up (as the case may be) relating to the company was
pending.

(4) A sum is to be regarded as being due to or from the company for the
purposes of subsection (2) regardless of whether —

(a) the sum is payable at present or in the future;

(b) the obligation by virtue of which the sum is payable is certain or
contingent; or

(c) the sum is fixed or liquidated, or is capable of being ascertained by
fixed rules or as a matter of opinion.

97 With the basic principles set out, I turn to the questions posed in SUM
2989.

Question 1

98 In my view, Question 1 in SUM 2989 (see [3(a)] above) poses an immediate
problem: the question is premised on the Company being in judicial management
at the time legal set-off is purportedly given effect to. Neither of those
conditions are present here. The Company, having since entered into
liquidation on 16 August 2021, is no longer in judicial management. Further,
there is no judgment or award purporting to give effect to legal set-off
during the time the Company was in judicial management. Given these
circumstances, it is accepted by both the JMs and the Debtor that legal set-
off has not taken effect. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Debtor’s Further Submissions for SUM 2989 and SUM 3297 at para 11; JMs’
Further Submissions for SUM 2989 at para 14.

99 Therefore, Question 1 is no longer a live issue but instead, seeks guidance
from the court on a hypothetical scenario. As the courts do not answer
hypothetical questions, I decline to answer Question 1.

100 While this would ordinarily be sufficient to dispose of this question, it
appears that a dispute has arisen between the parties as to the very meaning
of Question 1. It is to this point to which I now turn.

101 The parties initially shared the same understanding of Question 1 – did
the legal set-off raised by the Debtor have any legal effect? This was evident
from the JMs’ supporting affidavit: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

19th Affidavit of Ee Meng Yan Angela at para 18.

18 The JMs are advised and believe that both issues should be answered in the
negative. Once a company is placed in judicial management, its assets are held
and administered by the judicial managers for the benefit of its creditors. A
subsisting claim of a company in judicial management against a debtor as at
the date of the judicial management order cannot be reduced or extinguished by
the debtor acquiring claims against the company and asserting a set-off…

[emphasis added]

102 This understanding was clearly shared by the Debtor in its initial
submissions: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Debtor’s Submissions for SUM 2989 at para 7.

7\. What this means in practical terms is that where legal set-off has been
successfully asserted in respect of a cross claim after a company has entered
into judicial management, the same cross claim would not be available for
insolvency set-off, at the point when that company goes into liquidation,
since the cross claim will already have been extinguished through its
successful deployment by way of legal set-off…

[emphasis added]

103 To put matters beyond all doubt, at the hearing of this matter, Mr Lok
confirmed that the Debtor was contending that legal set-off took effect pre-
winding up. Therefore, if the Debtor had succeeded on that point, it would not
be relying on its argument that insolvency set-off took effect once the
company entered into liquidation. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Minute Sheet for SUM 3297 (28 February 2023) p 6.

For the JMs, Mr Sreenivasan had also argued on the assumption that legal set-
off would take effect automatically provided the requisite elements to
establish the set-off were met. As it turned out, this was a mistaken
assumption, and it was for this reason that I directed the parties to file
further submissions on the issue (see [17] above).

104 However, in its further submissions, the Debtor now argues that Question 1
is not in fact a question about whether legal set-off had any effect. Instead,
the Debtor contends that Question 1 is merely asking the court for guidance on
whether the Debtor is entitled to assert legal set-off, in the sense of
pleading it in the Arbitration: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Debtor’s Further Submissions for SUM 2989 and SUM 3297 at paras 7–8.

7\. … The issue raised by SUM 2989 is, therefore, not in fact whether [the
Debtor] can exercise or effect legal set-off – plainly it cannot, as conceded
above…

8\. SUM 2989 only raises a specific question as to whether a debtor can assert
legal set-off in respect of a claim that it has acquired by way of assignment
after the date on which an order for the appointment of judicial managers has
been made. It bears highlighting that this is the only issue before the
Singapore Courts. [The Debtor] contends that the Tribunal otherwise retains
jurisdiction over the disputes before it, which, save for the specific
questions referred to the Singapore Court by way of SUM 2989 and 3297, include
the overall question of whether the Assigned Claims may be set-off against the
Company’s claims. In complying with the Court’s directions to address the two
issues, [the Debtor] does not waive its rights and continues to maintain its
position that the Tribunal has jurisdiction over the Assigned Claims (save for
the specific questions referred to the Court for determination via the two
summonses).

[emphasis added]

105 As is evident from the passage quoted above, the Debtor’s latest position
in its further submissions is that the court only has the jurisdiction to
decide whether the Debtor is allowed to plead legal set-off in the
Arbitration, and that it is for the tribunal in the Arbitration to decide
whether such set-off could actually have legal effect. Notwithstanding that
the Debtor has admitted to this court that legal set-off did not take effect
whilst the Company was in judicial management, it appears that it wishes to
reserve to itself the opportunity to argue to the contrary in the Arbitration.
I make no comment on that strategy.

106 Instead, what is problematic is the Debtor’s present interpretation of
what Question 1 seeks the court’s guidance on. In my view, it is an
interpretation which defies common sense and logic – for a start, it would be
a significant waste of judicial resources and time for the court to be asked
for guidance or directions on whether something can be pleaded in an
arbitration. To draw an analogy from contract law, if the ubiquitous officious
bystander was asked this question, the answer would be “Of course!”. That by
itself should be a strong indication that this cannot be a reasonable,
sensible or logical reading of Question 1. As shown above, it is not an
interpretation which the JMs advanced, and even the Debtor itself did not
operate on this understanding of Question 1 until its latest set of
submissions. As an interpretation that is without any merit, I have no
hesitation rejecting it.

107 Thus, on Question 1 as properly understood, the position remains that it
has become a hypothetical question and accordingly, I decline to answer it.

Question 2

108 Question 2 concerns whether the Debtor can assert legal set-off or
insolvency set-off in respect of the Assigned Claims where the Company has
entered into liquidation. Given that insolvency set-off, if any, will have
taken effect (whereas a judgment or award will be required to give effect to a
legal set-off), I will address the former first.

109 The JMs contend that insolvency set-off cannot be asserted. They say that
this is because (a) there was no mutuality in respect of the Assigned Claims
at the relevant time (such time being when the judicial management application
was made on 6 May 2020); (b) in any case, there was never any mutuality
because the Company’s assets were impressed with a statutory trust; and (c)
the Assigned Claims fall within the exceptions in s 219(3) of the IRDA. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

JMs’ Submissions for SUM 2989 at paras 69–83.

110 The first two grounds of challenge relate to mutuality. As I have
discussed at [91] above, for insolvency set-off to take effect, there must be
mutuality of the respective cross-claims. Each claimant must be solely and
personally liable on the claim it owes, while being the sole beneficial owner
of the claim it is owed (see [85] above). This is clear from Good Property
Land Development Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Société-Générale [1996] 1 SLR(R)
884 (“Good Property”) at [18], where the Court of Appeal stated:

… This is part of the wider principle that for mutuality to exist, two
conditions must generally be satisfied. First, each claimant must be
personally liable for the debt he owes to the other claimant. Mutuality sees
through to the real beneficial ownership, regardless of who is the legal,
nominal, titular or procedural holder of the claim or procedurally the
appropriate plaintiff. Secondly, each claimant must beneficially own the claim
which is owed to him by the other claimant and his ownership interest in that
claim must be clear and ascertained without inquiry.

What is the relevant time to determine mutuality

111 The issue raised by the JMs’ first ground of challenge is when mutuality
should be tested. The orthodox position is that for the purposes of insolvency
set-off, mutuality must be present prior to the commencement of winding up
(Good Property at [9]). However, the JMs argue that mutuality should be tested
at an earlier point in this case: they say that where a company in judicial
management is wound up under the IRDA (as the Company was in this case), s
219(2) of the IRDA (see [96] above) requires mutuality to be present at the
date of the application for judicial management. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

JMs’ Submissions for SUM 2989 at paras 74 and 79.

112 At the date of the application for judicial management on 6 May 2020, the
Debtor had not yet obtained an assignment of any of the Assigned Claims. On
the JMs’ case, that is fatal to the exercise of insolvency set-off.
Essentially, any claim assigned after the date of the application for judicial
management would not be subject to insolvency set-off under s 219(2) of the
IRDA.

113 There is one fundamental premise underlying the JMs’ argument – that
insofar as s 219(2) applies to judicial management, it encompasses not only
judicial management under the IRDA, but also judicial management under the
Companies Act. Unsurprisingly, that is not an understanding which the Debtor
shares; to the contrary, the Debtor argues that s 219(2) applies only to
judicial management under the IRDA. This turns on the interpretation of
“judicial management” in s 219(1)(a).

114 It is well-established that the court takes a purposive approach to
statutory interpretation. This entails ascertaining the possible
interpretations of the provision, having regard not only to its text but also
its context within the statute as a whole, ascertaining the legislative
purpose or object of the provision and the part of the statute in which it is
situated, and comparing the possible interpretations against the purpose. The
interpretation which furthers the purpose of the written text should be
preferred (Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 at [54]).

115 Given, however, that this case spans across the transition of the judicial
management and liquidation regimes from the Companies Act to the IRDA, it is
natural and proper to also have regard to the transitional provisions in the
IRDA. I begin with s 526, which relates to amendments to the Companies Act:

526.—(1) Parts 3 to 12 and 22 do not apply to or in relation to the following,
and despite section 451, the Companies Act as in force immediately before the
appointed day continues to apply to or in relation to the following, as if
Parts 3 to 12 and 22 and section 451 had not been enacted:

…

(e) any application made before the appointed day for a judicial management
order under section 227B(1) of the Companies Act; …

116 Based on the plain meaning of s 526(1)(e), Parts 3 to 12 of the IRDA do
not apply to a judicial management application made before the appointed day
(ie, 30 July 2020, the date the IRDA came into operation), and the relevant
provisions in the Companies Act continue to apply. This includes s 219, which
is contained within Part 9 of the IRDA. The judicial management application in
respect of the Company was made and the order granted before 30 July 2020.
Thus, s 526(1)(e) suggests that s 219(2) of the IRDA does not apply to a
company in judicial management under the Companies Act.

117 I then turn to the meaning of “judicial management” in s 219. Plainly, the
term “judicial management” on its own can encompass judicial management both
under the Companies Act and the IRDA. However, the analysis cannot end there.
The words “judicial management” must be read bearing the relevant definition
provided within the statute in mind. That definition is found in s 217(2)(a)
of the IRDA, which in turn refers to s 88(2): “For the purposes of this Part…a
company ‘enters judicial management’ or is ‘in judicial management’ within the
meanings given to those terms in section 88(2)(a) to (e)”. Referring to s
88(2), one sees that the status of being in judicial management is tied to the
“appointment of a judicial manager”:

(2) For the purposes of this Part —

(a) a company is ‘in judicial management’ while the appointment of a judicial
manager of the company has effect;

(b) a company ‘enters judicial management’ when the appointment of a judicial
manager takes effect;

…

118 Thus, under s 88(2), a company is in judicial management or enters
judicial management for the purposes of s 219 while “the appointment of a
judicial manager” has effect or takes effect. The next question that naturally
follows is what “judicial manager” means. The answer to that question is found
in s 88(1), which states that a “judicial manager” is “a person appointed
under this Part to manage the company and its affairs, business and property…”
[emphasis added]; “this Part” clearly means Part 7 of the IRDA, which contains
the provisions for judicial management. In other words, s 88(1) defines a
“judicial manager” as one who is appointed under the IRDA. Putting it all
together, a judicial manager appointed under the Companies Act would fall
outside the definition of “judicial manager” in s 88(1) of the IRDA. This
means there is no “appointment of a judicial manager” under s 88(2) and
consequently, the company is not in judicial management as per s 217(2)(a),
ie, it is not a “company in judicial management” under s 219.

119 It would be fair to say that the IRDA has defined the relevant terms in a
somewhat tortuous manner. Nonetheless, when one follows the references and
reads the relevant definitions carefully, the conclusion is clear – the
Company, having been placed under judicial management under the Companies Act,
does not fall within the definition of a “company in judicial management” in s
219(1)(a) of the IRDA. Therefore, insofar as s 219(2) mandates that mutuality
be tested at the date of the judicial management application, I find that that
does not apply where the company is in judicial management under the Companies
Act. My conclusion is consistent with the transitional provision in s 526 of
the IRDA.

120 Mr Sreenivasan argues to the contrary and submits that s 219(2) does apply
to a company in judicial management under the Companies Act. Mr Sreenivasan
argues that this accords with the intention of the IRDA to ensure a seamless
transition from judicial management to liquidation, evident from other
provisions in Part 9 of the IRDA. In his written submissions, Mr Sreenivasan
referred to s 226(1) of the IRDA, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

JMs’ Submissions for SUM 2989 at para 76.

which defines the relevant time period in which transactions entered into by a
company in judicial management or winding up can be avoided, inter alia, as a
transaction at an undervalue:

226.—(1) Subject to this section, the time at which a company enters into a
transaction at an undervalue or gives an unfair preference is a relevant time
if the transaction is entered into or the preference given —

(a) in the case of a transaction at an undervalue — within the period starting
3 years before the commencement of the judicial management or winding up (as
the case may be) and ending on the date of the commencement of the judicial
management or winding up, as the case may be;

…

[emphasis added]

121 Mr Sreenivasan argues that under s 226(1), where a company is placed in
liquidation immediately after judicial management, the liquidators may
challenge a transaction at an undervalue made within a period before the
commencement of the judicial management. This is distinct from the pre-IRDA
position where the time period was calculated with reference to the
commencement of liquidation, as explained in the Report of the Insolvency Law
Review Committee: Final Report (Chairman: Lee Eng Beng SC) (2013) at p 130:

The following provisions should be included in the New Insolvency Act to
ensure a seamless transition from judicial management to liquidation:

… The statutory time frames for avoidance provisions and officer liability
should be revised to have reference to the point in time when the company is
placed under judicial management, even if there is a subsequent winding up.

122 I do not disagree with Mr Sreenivasan that there is a clear intention
under the IRDA to have a seamless transition between judicial management and
liquidation, as evidenced in the provisions he cited. But that does not
address the core issue, which is whether this seamless transition applies to a
judicial management commenced under the Companies Act. All these provisions
apply to a company “in judicial management” and are thus subject to the same
definition sections as s 219 (see [117]–[118] above). Applying the same
definition of “judicial management” in Part 9 of the IRDA as I have concluded
above, the sections on transactions at undervalue and proofs of debt can
equally be said to apply only to a company in judicial management under the
IRDA, and not the Companies Act. To flip the analysis around and contend that
the definition of “judicial management” should be determined by reference to
these sections would put the cart before the horse. I am therefore not
persuaded by Mr Sreenivasan’s arguments.

123 In my view, it is clear from the text of the provision that s 219(2) of
the IRDA does not apply to a company in judicial management under the
Companies Act. The next question is whether the legislative purpose of the
provision (as determined from the text and the relevant extrinsic materials)
would point towards a different interpretation. At the hearing, both Mr
Sreenivasan and Mr Lok confirmed that there was no relevant guidance to be
drawn from the extrinsic materials (ie, the explanatory statement to the IRDA
and the Parliamentary debates). To my mind, this in itself is a strong
indication. If Parliament had intended for a pre-IRDA judicial management to
be subject to the IRDA, or conversely, for the IRDA provisions on insolvency
set-off to be applicable to a pre-IRDA judicial management, then Parliament
would have made its intentions clear given that this would have been a
significant feature of the IRDA and its transitional provisions. In fact, s
526 is a clear indication of Parliament’s intention that the Companies Act
continues to apply to a judicial management commenced under the Companies Act.
Any other interpretation would be a strained one which does violence to the
plain words of s 526 and its purpose.

124 Mr Sreenivasan also relied on Grimmett, Andrew and others v HTL
International Holdings Pte Ltd (under judicial management) (Phua Yong Tat and
others, non-parties) [2022] 5 SLR 991 (“Grimmett”) as authority supporting his
case sub silentio. Grimmett involved a winding-up application under the IRDA
made by judicial managers who were appointed under the Companies Act. The
court proceeded on the basis that the judicial managers had standing to make
the winding-up application. However, as fairly acknowledged by Mr Sreenivasan,
there was no challenge to the judicial managers’ standing in Grimmett. The
shareholder who objected to the application in that case contested the
application on its merits. The court was also focused on the standing of the
judicial managers to make a winding-up application on just and equitable
grounds, as opposed to their standing in general as judicial managers
appointed under the Companies Act. Thus, the point was simply not argued in
that case. In my judgment, Grimmett is not authority for the proposition that
the provisions in the IRDA can apply to a pre-IRDA judicial management, and it
does not really assist the JMs here.

125 In my judgment, it is the pre-IRDA position as expressed in Good Property
(see [111] above) which continues to apply in this case – accordingly, the
relevant time at which mutuality is to be assessed is immediately prior to the
commencement of winding up of the Company.

126 To be clear, the conclusion I have reached does not mean that s 219 does
not apply to the Company in its entirety. Section 219(1)(a) makes clear that
insolvency set-off applies in relation to “a company in judicial management”
as well as “an insolvent company that is being wound up”. While the Company
does not fall into the former category as I have concluded, it undoubtedly
does fall within the latter. Therefore, the insolvency set-off provisions in s
219 are still applicable to the Company, provided they relate to winding up,
and not judicial management. At the hearing, Mr Sreenivasan argued that it
would be fictional to read s 219 as giving different treatments to judicial
management under the Companies Act and under the IRDA, and that the section
would essentially be applicable only partially where a company is in judicial
management under the Companies Act. In my judgment, that is, however, the
legislative intention as gleaned from the text of the relevant provisions, and
from the transitional provisions of the IRDA. Further, Mr Sreenivasan does not
argue that the interpretation I have arrived at renders the section
unworkable; as I have explained in this paragraph, it does not.

Was there mutuality at the relevant time?

127 Having reached a landing on the relevant time at which to assess if
mutuality exists, the key inquiry is this: immediately prior to the
commencement of the Company’s winding up on 12 July 2021, was the Company
solely and personally liable on the claim it owed (ie, the Vessel [A] Claim as
merged in the Default Judgment), and was it the sole beneficial owner of the
claims it had against the Debtor (ie, the claims for freight as pleaded in its
counterclaim in the Arbitration)?

128 The JMs argue that there was no mutuality because upon the making of the
judicial management order against the Company on 7 August 2020, its assets
(including the freight claims) were held on a statutory trust for the benefit
of its general pool of unsecured creditors, and thus ceased to be the
beneficial owner of those assets. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

JMs’ Submissions for SUM 2989 at paras 33–38.

The Debtor contends that the JMs’ argument is wrong in law, as there is no
statutory trust which arises when an order for judicial management is made. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Debtor’s Submissions for SUM 2989 at paras 8–12.

For the avoidance of doubt, the only issue that arises before me is whether a
statutory trust arises where a company is placed in judicial management under
the Companies Act. Therefore, I do not consider and reach any conclusions on
what the position is when a company is placed in judicial management under the
IRDA as that question does not arise in the applications before me.

129 I begin with the concept of a statutory trust. Typically, upon the making
of a winding up order, a company’s assets are said to be impressed with a
statutory trust for the purpose of discharging the company’s liabilities. By
virtue of the statutory trust coming into existence, the company loses all
custody and control of its property, and all powers of dealing with its assets
are transferred to the liquidator who is bound to act in accordance with the
relevant statutory scheme (Media Development Authority of Singapore v Sculptor
Finance (MD) Ireland Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 733 (“Sculptor Finance”) at [43]).

130 The JMs say that a statutory trust similarly arises upon the making of a
judicial management order, because the judicial managers of a company are
similarly empowered to manage and administer the assets of the company. That
is clear under s 227G(1) of the Companies Act, which provides for the judicial
managers to take custody and control of the company’s assets, and s
227(R)(1)(a), which provides that a creditor or member may seek recourse
against the judicial managers if his interests have been unfairly prejudiced
in the course of the judicial management. The JMs also make reference to Bloom
and others v Harms Offshore AHT “Taurus” GmbH & Co KG and another [2010] Ch
187 (“Bloom”), and contend that the English Court of Appeal affirmed, in
relation to the administration regime under English law, that the protections
afforded to the assets of a company in liquidation also extend to
administration.

131 I am not persuaded by the JMs’ arguments. As a starting point, the JMs
have not cited any authority which directly supports the proposition that the
assets of a company in judicial management are similarly impressed with a
statutory trust. The case of Bloom, which the JMs rely on, did not decide that
a statutory trust applies to the equivalent administration regime in England.
Rather, the court was dealing with the issue of its own jurisdiction to
restrain acts committed abroad which interfered with the administration.

132 Indeed, the authorities appear to stand against the proposition that a
statutory trust arises in respect of a company in judicial management. In Re
Lehman Bros Europe Ltd (in administration) (No. 9) and another [2018] Bus LR
439, the English High Court made this exact point, and noted expressly that
Bloom did not support the proposition the JMs now contend for:

80\. As far as I am aware, there is no authority as to whether a statutory
trust arises over the assets of a company in administration or, if so, what
the scope and implications of that trust might be. I was referred to Bloom v
Harms Offshore AHT “Taurus” GmbH & Co KG [2010] Ch 187, in which the Court of
Appeal was asked to consider whether the assets of a company in administration
are subject to the trust that justifies anti-suit injunctions against
creditors of companies in liquidation. However, in the circumstances of that
case, the Court of Appeal did not find it necessary to determine the wider
question as to the existence of a statutory trust in an administration…

133 I note also that the Court of Appeal in Sculptor Finance held that it is
only upon the making of a winding-up order that the statutory trust arises
(Sculptor Finance at [43]).

134 Thus, it appears that there is no precedent supporting the JMs’ argument
that a statutory trust is similarly impressed upon the assets of a company in
judicial management.

135 This seems to me to be correct as a matter of principle, particularly when
one considers the purpose of a statutory trust. That purpose was set out in
Bloom at [24] as follows:

24\. It seems to me that the trust the existence of which was established in
In re Oriental Inland Steam Co was a legal construct created to achieve the
equitable distribution of the proceeds of the realisation of the assets of the
company wherever situated…

[emphasis added]

136 The Court of Appeal in Ng Wei Teck Michael v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp
Ltd [1998] 1 SLR(R) 778 (“Michael Ng”) at [31] made similar observations:

A statutory scheme comes into place to preserve the assets of the company for
pari passu distribution among the unsecured creditors: see, inter alia, ss
258, 259, 260, 334 of the Companies Act; and the unsecured creditors of a
company are in the nature of a cestui que trust with beneficial interests
extending to all the company’s property, including the subject matter of the
unregistered charge.

[emphasis added]

While Michael Ng was subsequently overruled by the Court of Appeal in Sculptor
Finance on the issue of whether a statutory trust would arise upon the making
of a winding-up application (as opposed to a winding-up order), the Court of
Appeal did not disavow the general statement of principle reproduced at [136]
above, which continues to stand as good law.

137 It is clear from Bloom and Michael Ng that the purpose of a statutory
trust is to preserve the assets of the company for pari passu distribution to
the unsecured creditors. As I have observed above at [58], while that is the
central feature of the liquidation regime, the same cannot be said of the
judicial management regime. In my view, this is a critical difference. A
company in judicial management remains a going concern, and the judicial
manager is tasked to carry on the business of the company as a going concern
with a view to achieving one or other of the statutory objectives, which
includes the survival of the company (or the whole or part of its undertaking)
as a going concern (Electro Magnetic (S) Ltd (under judicial management) v
Development Bank of Singapore Ltd [1994] 1 SLR(R) 574 at [33]). In fact, the
piecemeal demolition of the company through liquidation and pari passu
distribution is often the very thing that judicial managers want to avoid.
Viewed through this lens, the purpose of a statutory trust simply does not
cohere with the judicial management regime.

138 For the reasons above, it is my view that the assets of a company in
judicial management under the Companies Act are not impressed with a statutory
trust. As such, in this case, the Company was the beneficial owner of its
assets (including the freight claims against the Debtor) immediately prior to
the commencement of the winding up application in CWU 117. It was also solely
and personally liable to the Debtor for the judgment debt in respect of the
assigned Default Judgment. Mutuality was therefore present at the relevant
time.

139 For completeness, the parties had also submitted on the issue of whether a
statutory trust would have the effect of negating mutuality for the purposes
of set-off. Given my conclusion that no statutory trust arises at all, there
is no need for me to decide this issue and I leave the question open.

Whether any of the exceptions in s 219(3) of the IRDA apply

140 I turn to the JMs’ contention that the Vessel [A] Claim ought to be
excluded pursuant to s 219(3) of the IRDA because it is either not a provable
debt, or was assigned to the Debtor upon or after it had notice of the
Company’s imminent insolvency. For convenience, I set out s 219(3) again here:

(3) There is to be excluded from any set-off under subsection (2) any debt or
liability of the company which —

(a) is not a debt provable in judicial management or winding up; or

(b) arises by reason of an obligation incurred at a time when the creditor had
notice that an interim judicial manager had been appointed under section
94(3), or that the application for a judicial management order or the
application for winding up (as the case may be) relating to the company was
pending.

141 The JMs’ argument in respect of s 219(3)(a) can be summarised as follows.
A post-judicial management assigned claim is not a provable debt under s
219(3)(a). Section 218(2) provides that where an insolvent company is being
wound up, a debt to which the company is subject at the commencement of the
winding up is provable; the corollary is that a debt to which the company was
not subject at the time is not provable. However, under s 217, where a company
is wound up while it is “in judicial management”, the commencement of the
winding up is deemed to be the time of the commencement of the judicial
management. This would mean that any claim assigned after the company was
placed under judicial management is, by definition, excluded from any
insolvency set-off.

142 This argument faces the same obstacle the JMs’ arguments faced in relation
to s 219(2) – it begs the question as to what “judicial management” means, at
least in Part 9 of the IRDA. I have decided that it must mean judicial
management under the IRDA. That being the case, for the purposes of s 217, the
Company should be treated merely as a company which has been wound up by an
order of court, for which the commencement of winding up is deemed to be the
time of the winding-up application. By that time (ie, 12 July 2021), the
Company was subject to the Vessel [A] Claim which had already been assigned to
the Debtor. That claim is therefore a provable debt under s 218(2), and hence,
not excluded under s 219(3)(a).

143 The JMs further rely on s 219(3)(b) of the IRDA, which operates to exclude
a claim from insolvency set-off if it arises by reason of an obligation which
was incurred when the creditor had notice that (1) an interim judicial manager
was appointed under s 94(3) of the IRDA, or (2) the application for a judicial
management order or application for winding up in relation to the company was
pending. Between the written and oral submissions made by counsel for the JMs,
two distinct arguments appear to be made. The first is that the Debtor had
obtained the assignments with notice of the judicial management application
filed by the Company (under the Companies Act). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

JMs’ Submissions for SUM 2989 at paras 81–83.

This argument can be disposed of quickly. The judicial management application
in this case was made under the Companies Act, and not the IRDA. It should be
noted that under the Companies Act, only the notice of a winding up
application would have sufficed to exclude a claim from insolvency set-off
(see [92]–[95] above). Given that the IRDA came into operation only after the
Company was placed under judicial management, it would not be fair on the
Debtor to retrospectively enforce the new notice requirements in s 219(3)(b).

144 The second argument is that the Debtor had notice of HC/SUM 4537/2020
(“SUM 4537”), which was an application filed on 16 October 2020 by Mr O K Lim
and Ms Lim Huey Ching for the judicial management order in respect of the
Company to be discharged and for the Company to be wound up. In support of
this, Mr Sreenivasan tendered a letter to the court dated 12 January 2021
written by Davinder Singh Chambers LLC (the “DSC Letter”) regarding SUM 4537
and other matters. The DSC Letter indicated that the Assignor’s solicitors
would be attending the hearing of SUM 4537, and further that the Assignor
objected to the application. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DSC Letter at p 11.

Therefore, the JMs contend that the Assignor (and by extension the Debtor)
knew that a winding-up application against the Company was pending in January
2021, and were accordingly fixed with notice.

145 With respect, I disagree. It is not the position under s 219(3)(b) that
notice of any winding-up application against the company will suffice to fix a
creditor with notice. The clear words of the provision are that the creditor
must have notice of the application for winding up in relation to the company
– this must mean the application in respect of which the winding-up order was
actually made. Therefore, the relevant application was not SUM 4537. Instead,
it was CWU 117, which was only filed on 12 July 2021 (see [1] above). In fact,
SUM 4537 was dismissed by the General Division of the High Court on 8 March
2021. This meant that between 8 March 2021 and 12 July 2021 (when CWU 117 was
filed), there was no winding-up application which was pending. It was within
this period that the Assignments were concluded and notices of assignment
given to the Company. Thus, the exception under s 219(3)(b) does not apply
since the Debtor would not have been fixed with the requisite notice of a
winding-up application at the time of the Assignments.

Conclusion on SUM 2989

146 I find that insolvency set-off did take effect immediately prior to the
commencement of the winding up of the Company on 12 July 2021. Since
insolvency set-off has already taken effect, there is nothing left on which
any potential legal set-off could bite. Accordingly, I do not need to consider
or answer Question 2 insofar as it relates to legal set-off.

Conclusion

147 For the reasons I have explained above, these are my conclusions and
orders for both applications. In respect of SUM 3297, I hold that the
assignment of the Vessel [A] Claim (as merged in the Default Judgment)
pursuant to the First Assignment is valid. However, the assignment of the
Vessel [B] Claims pursuant to the Second Assignment is void and/or ineffective
as a champertous assignment of bare rights to litigate. Accordingly, I grant
the declaration sought by the JMs in prayer 1 of the application (see [4]
above) but limited to the Second Assignment and the Vessel [B] Claims.

148 In respect of SUM 2989:

(a) I decline to answer Question 1. In sum, legal or independent set-off has
yet to be given effect to by a court or arbitral tribunal, and the Company is
no longer in judicial management. Thus, Question 1 as framed is no longer a
live issue for which the court’s guidance is required.

(b) I answer Question 2 in the affirmative but only insofar as it is addressed
to insolvency set-off and on the basis that the exclusions in s 219(3) of the
IRDA are not applicable. Given that insolvency set-off takes effect
automatically and in this case has taken effect (see [146]), it is not
necessary to answer this question insofar as it relates to legal or
independent set-off. Accordingly, I grant an order in terms of prayer 1(b) of
the application but on the limited terms as set out above.

149 I shall hear the parties separately on the costs of both applications. I
further direct that the time for filing any appeal(s) against my decision
starts to run from the date of this judgment.

S Mohan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Narayanan Sreenivasan SC, Muralli Rajaram, Jonathan Lim Jien Ming, Ranita
Yogeeswaran and Tan Si Xin Adorabelle (K&L Gates Straits Law LLC) for the
Applicant;

Lok Vi Ming SC, Lee Sien Liang Joseph, Jean Chan Lay Koon, Mohammad Haireez
bin Mohameed Jufferie and Ow Jiang Meng Benjamin (LVM Law Chambers LLC) for
the Non-Party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Nov 2023 (12:20 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

