Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL COURT

  
OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2023] SGHC(I) 15

Originating Application No 2 of 2023 (Summons No 13 of 2023)

Between

(1)| W. Power Group EOOD  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

(1)| Ming Yang Wind Power (International) Co. Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Costs — Security]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
W Power Group EOOD

  
v

  

Ming Yang Wind Power (International) Co Ltd

[2023] SGHC(I) 15

Singapore International Commercial Court — Originating Application No 2 of
2023 (Summons No 13 of 2023)  
Thomas Bathurst IJ  
4 September 2023

29 September 2023 Judgment reserved.

Thomas Bathurst IJ:

1 By a summons filed on 30 May 2023 Ming Yang Wind Power (International) Co.
Ltd (“the defendant”) the defendant in proceedings SIC/OA 2/2023 sought an
order that the claimant, W. Power Group EOOD (“the claimant”) provide security
for its costs of the proceedings. The defendant sought security of S$80,000 to
cover its costs up to the commencement of the trial.

The nature of the proceedings

2 The claimant is a company registered in Bulgaria. It described itself in the
Statement of Claim as an international developer engaged in investing and
developing wind farms in Bulgaria, Romania and other countries.

3 The defendant is a Chinese company incorporated in Hong Kong and is a wind
turbine manufacturer engaged in the design, manufacture, construction, sales
and services of wind turbines in the global market.

4 The claimant alleges that the claimant and defendant entered into a joint
venture agreement on 3 July 2011 to establish a joint venture company for the
purpose of developing two wind farm projects. It claimed that pursuant to the
joint venture agreement, a joint venture company, MW Wind Power OOD (“MW Wind
Power”) was established, the claimant holding one third of the shares in the
company and the defendant holding the remaining two thirds.

5 The claimant claims the defendant breached its obligation under the joint
venture agreement essentially by failing to secure financing for the one of
the two wind farm projects (“Project 2”) and by withdrawing a performance
guarantee for the same project. It claims as a result it was unable to
exercise its rights under the joint venture agreement to sell its shares in
the joint venture company after the second year of its operation at a price
sufficient to pay all principal and accumulated interest of the joint venture
company's borrowings. It claims as a result of the defendant's breach of the
joint venture agreement, it suffered a loss of profits in the amount of €37.5
million.

6 The defendant has filed a somewhat detailed defence to the claim. Broadly
speaking it states that following changes to the legal and regulatory regime
introduced by the Bulgarian government which negatively affected renewable
energy projects such as Project 2, Project 2 was no longer viable and the
parties agreed not to proceed with it sometime in 2012. It denies any breach
of the joint venture agreement and asserts the claimant is estopped from
enforcing the agreement and has waived its right to do so. It also claims that
the alleged causes of action are barred by s 6(1) of the Limitation Act 1959
and the claimant does not have standing to sue in respect of any alleged
breaches of the joint venture agreement in relation to Project 2.

7 The above is an extremely broad summary of the claims which have been made
and the defences to it but it is sufficient for the purpose of the present
application.

The relevant rules and legislation

8 This being a case transferred to the Singapore International Commercial
Court (the “SICC”), the parties agreed that the domestic Rules of the Supreme
Court (ie, the Rules of Court 2021) apply. The relevant rule is Order 9 r 12
which for relevant purposes is in the following terms:

Security for costs

12.—(1) The defendant may apply for security for the defendant's costs of the
action, if the claimant —

(a) is ordinarily resident out of the jurisdiction;

…

(2) If the claimant is a company, section 388 of the Companies Act also
applies.

Section 388 of the Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “Companies Act 1967”)
provides as follows:![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Security for costs

388.—(1) Where a corporation is claimant in any action or other legal
proceeding the court having jurisdiction in the matter may, if it appears by
credible testimony that there is reason to believe that the corporation will
be unable to pay the costs of the defendant if successful in the defendant's
defence, require sufficient security to be given for those costs and stay all
proceedings until the security is given.

The parties’ submissions

9 The defendant made five points in support of its application. The first was
that the claimant was ordinarily resident outside the jurisdiction so what it
described as the threshold in Order 9 r 12(1)(a) was met.

10 There was no dispute between the parties that the claimant was resident
outside the jurisdiction. However, there was a dispute as to the effect. The
defendant accepted the Court retains a discretion to refuse to grant security,
even if that threshold was met but submitted that if the factors weighing for
and against the grant of security were otherwise evenly balanced, then in
those circumstances security should be granted. It referred to the decision of
the Court of Appeal in Jurong Town Corporation v Wishing Star Ltd [2004] 2
SLR(R) 427 at [14] (“Jurong Town Corporation”) in support of that proposition.

11 By contrast the claimant submitted that Jurong Town Corporation was a
domestic case and similar principles do not apply in cases where neither of
the parties have a presence in Singapore. In that context the claimant
referred to the decision of the High Court in Zhong Da Chemical Development Co
Ltd v Lanco Industries Ltd [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1017 (“Zhong Da”). That case
involved a challenge under s 24 of the International Arbitration Act 2002 (Cap
143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) to set aside a final award in an arbitration at the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre, the defendant in the arbitration
proceedings being an Indian company and the claimant being incorporated in
China. The Court observed that in the particular circumstances in agreeing to
the foreign arbitral forum, the defendant should have been mindful and must
have been taken to have agreed that any future order to set aside the arbitral
award would take place outside the jurisdiction in which the parties were
resident. The Court stated the situation was different to that considered in
Jurong Town Corporation and held in those circumstances (ie, in a case where
parties seek relief under the IAA) where the factors for and against the
granting of security were evenly balanced, it would ordinarily be just to
dismiss the application for security: Zhong Da at [13].

12 As I am of the view that the factors are not evenly balanced it is
unnecessary to resolve this issue.

13 The second matter relied upon by the defendant was that the evidence
demonstrated the impecuniosity of the claimant. Counsel for the claimant
referred to the witness statement of Mr Jonathon Mann (“Mr Mann”) filed on
behalf of the claimant in which Mr Mann referred to the claimant's audited
financial statements for 2012 which showed the claimant was entitled to
receivables of up to BGN 1,141,000 (approximately S$860,000) which he said far
exceeded the costs of the proceedings. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Witness Statement of Jonathan Mann dated 30 June 2023 at para 8; Witness
Statement of Ye Fen dated 30 March 2023 at Exhibit YF-8 (exhibiting a copy of
the claimant’s financial statement for the year 2012 with English
translation).

14 Counsel for the defendant pointed to the financial statements which showed
the company had liabilities which exceeded the amount of the receivables and
its cashflow statement for that year which demonstrated that as at the end of
2012 it was not carrying out any commercial activities. In the defendant's
written submissions reference was also made to the fact that in March 2018,
March 2019 and March 2020, declarations were made by Mr Mann on behalf of the
claimant under the Bulgarian Accountancy Act declaring that the claimant had
not carried out any business activities in those years. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Witness Statement of Ye Fen dated 30 May 2023 at paras 17–21 and at Exhibits
YF-4 (exhibiting the declarations made by Mr Mann on behalf of the claimant
under the Bulgarian Accountancy Act) and YF-5 (exhibiting a copy of the
Bulgarian Accountancy Act).

15 Counsel for the defendant also submitted there was no basis for stating
that the receivables shown in the 2012 accounts, the only ones provided, are
still due to the claimant.

16 The defendant next submitted that it would not be able to enforce a
judgment for costs against the claimant without considerable difficulty,
uncertainty, risk or delay. In its written submissions, it referred to the
uncertainty of enforcing a judgment in Bulgaria. At the hearing counsel for
the defendant noted the claimant's reliance on the provisions of Article 8 of
the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 2005 (the “Choice of Court
Convention”) to which both Singapore and Bulgaria are parties and which was
said by the claimant to significantly ameliorate difficulties of enforcement.
Counsel for the defendant submitted that such an arrangement would be
meaningless if the claimant had no assets against which any judgment could be
enforced.

17 Finally the defendant submitted there had been no delay in making the
application so as to disentitle it to security. He pointed out that the
statement of claim was not served until mid-September 2022 and the proceedings
were then delayed whilst the parties were asked to consider transfer to the
SICC, with such transfer being ordered on 7 March 2023. He submitted the
defendant had indicated its intention to request security at the first case
management conference called on 2 May 2023.

18 The claimant sought to place some reliance on the merits of the claim,
although as counsel for the claimant stated there was no need for any detailed
examination of the facts or circumstances. Counsel for the claimant noted that
there was no notice of termination of the joint venture agreement, rather it
was alleged that Project 2 was cancelled. He referred to the evidence of Mr Ye
Fen at paragraph 24 of his first witness statement that the defendant's 66%
shareholding in MW Wind Power was transferred to a company Ming Yang Holdings
(Singapore) Pte Limited on 9 September 2015 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Witness Statement of Ye Fen dated 30 May 2023 at para 24.

and to paragraph 11(3) of Mr Ye Fen's second witness statement referring to an
email of 28 April 2017 from Mr Simon Yu on behalf of the defendant to Mr Mann
stating that the Ming Yang Group was considering closing Ming Yang Holdings
(Singapore) Pte Limited and setting up a brand new subsidiary in Cyprus. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Witness Statement of Ye Fen dated 7 July 2023 at para 11(3).

Although it was not made entirely clear, it appears to be contended that such
conduct was inconsistent with the joint venture agreement being terminated.

19 The claimant also contended that it was a special purpose vehicle with only
one purpose, namely, to execute the joint venture agreement. Counsel for the
claimant submitted that if there was a breach of the agreement and if the
claimant had no other activities, it would only be natural that its balance
sheet "would indeed be in the red". He submitted that if the impecuniosity was
caused by the defendant, an application for security should not be used to
stultify the claimant's claim.

20 The claimant finally contended that the defendant's delay in bringing the
application for security meant that the application should not be granted.

Consideration

21 In light of the evidence it is clear that the requirements of s 388 of the
Companies Act 1967 have been made out. Having regard to the 2012 accounts, the
claimant was at that time insolvent and the evidence would suggest that it has
not traded since that time. As counsel for the claimant properly conceded at
the hearing, in these circumstances the fact that Bulgaria is a party to the
Choice of Court Convention provides no assistance to the claimant.

22 Nor in my submission has there been any substantial delay in making the
application such as to deprive the defendant of its right to security. The
only substantive steps which took place prior to the application for security
was the filing of the statement of claim and defence and as counsel for the
defendant pointed out, the claimant was notified of the application at the
first case management conference in the SICC. In these circumstances such
delay as there was should not deprive the defendant of security if it was
otherwise entitled to it.

23 The only issue which remains is whether security should not be granted
because the claimant's case is a meritorious one and more importantly the
provision of security would stifle a legitimate claim. Although no authority
was cited to me, I am prepared to accept that if it was established that the
impecuniosity of the claimant was caused by the conduct of the defendant or if
the application was used to stifle a legitimate claim, then security should
not be awarded (see Peng Ann Realty Pte Ltd v Liu Cho Chit and others [1992] 3
SLR(R) 178 and Sembawang Engineering Pte Ltd v Priser Asia Engineering Pte Ltd
[1992] 2 SLR 806; see also Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 (Cavinder Bull SC
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at para 23/3/5).

24 The difficulty in the present case is that no evidence has been brought to
show, on the face of the materials before the court, that the claimant has a
good chance of succeeding much less that the claimant’s impecuniosity was
caused by the conduct of the defendant in the transaction the subject of the
proceedings. All that has been done in the claimant's submissions is to repeat
the allegations in the statement of claim. Further, although it was suggested
in the submissions that the claimant was a special purpose vehicle, there is
no direct evidence to support that assertion. Indeed, contrary to that
assertion the claimant in its statement of claim stated that it is an
international developer engaged in investing in and developing wind farms in
Bulgaria, Romania and other countries. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim at para 4.

25 In these circumstances it is my view that security should be ordered. In
reaching this conclusion, I should add that in my opinion this is not a case
where the reasons for and against the grant of security are evenly balanced.
It is therefore unnecessary to consider whether if that was not in fact the
case, there should be a grant of security.

The quantum of security

26 The defendant seeks security in the sum of S$80,000 up to the commencement
of the trial. The defendant relied on a skeletal bill of costs and
disbursements annexed to the statement of Mr Ye Fen which estimated the
defendant's costs and disbursements up to the time of trial at S$325,000. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Witness Statement of Ye Fen dated 30 May 2023 at para 35 and Exhibit YF-10
(exhibiting the skeletal bill of costs prepared by the defendant’s
solicitors).

Counsel for the defendant also referred to the fact that in the case
management bundle the claimant estimated its costs up to the time of the case
management conference at S$40,000 and its overall costs if the proceedings go
to trial at S$500,000 (excluding GST). The defendant stated in the case
management bundle that its costs up to the time of the case management
conference amounted to S$95,000 (excluding GST).

27 The claimant in its written submission submitted it was for the defendant
to put before the Court sufficient material to enable the Court to decide the
quantum of the security for costs. It submitted the estimate of S$325,000 up
to trial was pure speculation. I agree that it is only an estimate but I have
no reason to doubt that it was not the best estimate that could be given at
the present time.

28 It was not disputed that the Court ordered that the costs incurred prior to
the transfer to the SICC would be based on the General Division cost regime
while costs post-transfer would be determined on the SICC regime of costs.
Having regard to the different manner in which costs are assessed in
proceedings before the SICC (see Senda International Capital Ltd v Kiri
Industries Ltd [2023] 1 SLR 96) the costs which would be awarded in favour of
a successful party would likely be higher than if the whole of the proceedings
were heard in the General Division.

29 Appendix G to the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2021 provides guidance
for assessing party and party costs for trials in the General Division. For
matters such as the present, the guidance provides for a range for pre-trial
costs of between S$25,000 and S$70,000.

30 Taking all the matters to which I have referred into account and having
regard to the complexity of the matter as it appears from the pleadings, in my
view the appropriate amount to order up to the time of the trial is S$70,000
with the defendant having liberty to apply for further and subsequent security
if necessary.

Conclusion

31 Accordingly, I would make the following orders:

(1) the claimant does, within seven (7) days from the date of this Order
provide security in the sum of S$70,000 for the defendant's costs up to the
commencement of trial;

(2) the said security for costs referred to in paragraph (1) above be by way
of (a) payment into court; (b) the provision of a banker's guarantee issued by
a bank licensed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore to transact banking
business in Singapore on such acceptable wording to the defendant; (c)
solicitors' undertaking on such acceptable wording to the defendant; or (d) in
such manner as this Honourable Court may direct or order;

(3) pending the claimant's provision of the said security referred to in
paragraph (1), all further proceedings in this action be stayed other than the
giving of such security;

(4) the defendants be at liberty to apply for further and subsequent security
from the claimant in relation to the action, if necessary;

(5) the costs of and incidental to this application be paid by the claimant to
the defendant; and

(6) direct the matter be listed for a further case management conference
following the provision of such security.

Thomas Bathurst  
International Judge|  
---|---  
  
Han Wah Teng (CTLC Law Corporation) for the claimant;

William Ong Boon Hwee, Ivan Lim Jun Rui and Wong Pei Ting (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the defendant.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

29 September 2023

Case summary

W. Power Group EOOD v Ming Yang Wind Power (International) Co. Ltd [2023]
SGHC(I) 15  
SIC/OA 2/2023 (SIC/SUM 13/2023)

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Singapore International Commercial Court (delivered by Thomas
Bathurst IJ):

Outcome: SICC orders W. Power Group EOOD (“WPG”) to provide security of
S$70,000 for Ming Yang Wind Power (International) Co. Ltd’s (“Ming Yang”)
costs up to the commencement of trial, with Ming Yang having liberty to apply
for further and subsequent security if necessary.

Background

1\. The claimant, WPG, was a Bulgarian company and described itself as an
international developer engaged in investing and developing wind farms in
Bulgaria, Romania and other countries. The defendant, Ming Yang, was a Chinese
wind turbine manufacturer engaged in the design, manufacture, construction,
sales and services of wind turbines in the global market. WPG and Ming Yang
had entered into a joint venture agreement to establish a joint venture
company for the purpose of developing two wind farm projects. In SIC/OA 2/2023
WPG claims Ming Yang breached its obligations under the joint venture
agreement essentially by failing to secure financing for one of the two
projects (the “second project”) and by withdrawing a performance guarantee for
the same project. Ming Yang’s defence broadly speaking stated that certain
changes to the legal and regulatory regime introduced by the Bulgarian
government had negatively affected renewable energy projects such as the
second project. Consequently, the second project was no longer viable and the
parties had agreed not to proceed with it sometime in 2012.

2\. Ming Yang has applied for WPG to provide security for its costs of the
proceedings. Ming Yang sought security of S$80,000 to cover its costs up to
the commencement of the trial and made five points in support of its
application. First, WPG is ordinarily resident out of jurisdiction so what it
described as the threshold in Order 9 Rule 12(1)(a) of the Rules of Court 2021
was met. Second, the evidence demonstrated WPG’s impecuniosity. Third, Ming
Yang submitted that it would not be able to enforce a judgment for costs
against WPG without considerable difficulty, uncertainty, risk or delay. It
referred to the uncertainty of enforcing a judgment in Bulgaria and that the
Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 2005 (“Choice of Court
Convention”) to which both Singapore and Bulgaria are parties would be
meaningless if WPG had no assets against which any judgment could be enforced.
Fourth, there had been no delay in making the application such as to
disentitle it to security. Finally it was submitted that the quantum of
security sought was reasonable in the circumstances of the case.

3\. In response, WPG sought to place some reliance on the merits of its claim.
WPG also contended that it was a special purpose vehicle with only one
purpose, namely, to execute the joint venture agreement. If there was a breach
of the joint venture agreement and if WPG had no other activities, it would
only be natural that its balance sheet would be “in the red”. WPG therefore
submitted that if its impecuniosity was caused by Ming Yang, an application
for security should not be used to stultify WPG’s claim. WPG also contended
that there was delay in bringing the application for security.

The court’s decision

4\. This being a case transferred to the Singapore International Commercial
Court (the “SICC”), the parties agreed that the domestic Rules of the Supreme
Court (ie, the Rules of Court 2021) apply to Ming Yang’s application for
security for costs: at [8].

5\. The requirements of s 388 of the Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) are made
out. Having regard to WPG’s audited financial statements for 2012, WPG was at
that time insolvent and the evidence would suggest that it has not traded
since that time. In these circumstances the fact that Bulgaria is a party to
the Choice of Court Convention provides no assistance to WPG: at [21].

6\. There has not been substantial delay in making the application such as to
deprive Ming Yang of its right to security: at [22].

7\. The court was prepared to accept that if it was established that the
impecuniosity of the claimant was caused by the conduct of the defendant or if
the application was used to stifle a legitimate claim, then security should
not be awarded. However, no evidence was brought to show that WPG would have a
good chance of succeeding much less that its impecuniosity was caused by Ming
Yang’s conduct in the transaction the subject of the proceedings. Although it
was suggested in the submissions that WPG was a special purpose vehicle, there
was no direct evidence to support the assertion. On the contrary, WPG in its
statement of claim stated that it was an international developer engaged in
investing in and developing wind farms in Bulgaria, Romania and other
countries: at [23]–[24].

8\. This was not a case where the reasons for and against the grant of
security were evenly balanced. The court took the view that security should be
ordered: at [25].

9\. Having regard to the different manner in which costs are assessed in
proceedings before the SICC, the guidance provided by Appendix G to the
Supreme Court Practice Directions 2021 as well as the complexity of the
matter, the court fixed security at S$70,000 for Ming Yang’s costs up to the
commencement of trial: at [26]–[30].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.
All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s judgment.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Sep 2023 (17:07 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

