Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 244

Originating Application No 710 of 2022 (Summonses Nos 4335 and 4336 of 2022)

Between

(1)| CXG  
---|---  
(2)| CXH  
  
… Claimants

And

(1)| CXI  
---|---  
(2)| CXJ  
(3)| CXK  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Arbitration] — [Enforcement] — [Interim measures ordered by the tribunal]

[Conflict of Laws] — [Natural forum]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CXG and another

  
v

  

CXI and others

[2023] SGHC 244

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 710 of 2022
(Summonses Nos 4335 and 4336 of 2022)  
Hri Kumar Nair J  
6, 26 July 2023

12 September 2023

Hri Kumar Nair J:

Introduction

1 Should this court, despite possessing the jurisdiction to hear an
application to enforce a tribunal-ordered interim measure in a Singapore-
seated international arbitration (a “domestic interim measure”), nevertheless
decline to exercise that jurisdiction on grounds of forum non conveniens
(“FNC”)? This was the main question raised in these summonses. While the issue
initially appeared straightforward, there was a surprising dearth of
authority. Upon closer examination, it presented interesting questions on the
nature of enforcing a domestic interim measure, the relevance of the FNC
doctrine, and what it means for it to be appropriate for the court to hear
this action.

2 After hearing parties’ submissions, I dismissed the applications, providing
brief grounds then. These are my detailed grounds of decision.

Background

3 OA 710 (“the Leave Application”) is the claimants’ application, pursuant to
s 12(6) of the International Arbitration Act 1994 (2020 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”),
for permission for judgment to be entered in terms of an interim order (“the
Interim Order”) granted in SIAC Arbitration No [xxx] of 2021 (“the
Arbitration”). The defendants applied in SUMs 4335 and 4336 (“the Stay
Applications”), which were before me, to stay the Leave Application on the
ground that it was not appropriate for this court to exercise jurisdiction to
hear it as Singapore is not the proper forum.

4 The claimants, [CXG] and [CXH], are the founders and minority shareholders
of [CXK], 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Claimants’ Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 (“Claimants’ Written Subs”)
at para 13.

a financial technology company incorporated in Singapore which runs an
e-wallet open-loop payment method (“the [CXK] App”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of [VM] dated 15 November 2022 (“VM-1”) at para 11.

The claimants are also the claimants in the Arbitration. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Calvin Liang dated 21 October 2022 (“CL-1”) at para 5.

5 The defendants, who are the respondents in the Arbitration, are [CXI], [CXJ]
and [CXK]. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CL-1 at para 6.

The claimants and [CXJ] were the three shareholders of [CXK] at the time of
its incorporation. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 13.

6 In the Arbitration, the claimants are, in the main, pursuing a claim for
minority oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act 1967 and seeking a buyout
of their shares in [CXK]. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

VM-1 at para 10.

The dispute centred on two agreements – a Shareholders Agreement dated 17
March 2017 (“the SHA”) and an Investment Agreement dated 17 March 2017 (“the
IA”) – which the claimants, [CXJ] and [CXK] were originally party to. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

VM-1 at para 7; CL-1 at para 7; Cl-1 at p 7.

[CXI] later became a party to the SHA and IA after [CXJ] transferred its
entire shareholding in [CXK] to [CXI]. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

VM-1 at para 8.

The SHA and IA are governed by Singapore law. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CL-1 at p 36 (Exhibit CL-1 cl 27.1); CL-1 at p 59 (Exhibit CL-2 cl 17.1).

7 The claimants applied to the arbitral tribunal (“the Tribunal”) for interim
relief on 19 July 2022 (“the Interim Relief Application”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

VM-1 at para 12; CL-1 at para 11.

In the Interim Relief Application, the claimants complained about an allegedly
competitive product known as “[PXH]” and sought to restrain the defendants
from operating and offering [PXH]. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

VM-1 at para 13; CL-1 at para 19 and p 102.

8 [PXH] is an e-wallet that is used as a closed-loop payment solution for the
[MB] App. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

VM-1 at para 14.

The [MB] App is owned and operated by [MBX] (a subsidiary of [CXI]) and
connects users to merchants who list their products and services on the [MB]
App, including flights, hotels, food, and ride-hailing, among others. The [MB]
App is available across the ASEAN region, but [PXH] itself is only available
to users of the [MB] App in Malaysia. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

VM-1 at para 14.

9 [PXH] relies on the technology and licence of the payment platform provided
by [FXN], under a contract (“the [FXN] Contract”) between [FXN] and [MBX]’s
wholly-owned subsidiary, [GHX]. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

VM-1 at para 15.

The [FXN] Contract is governed by Malaysian law.

10 Both [FXN] and [GHX] are companies registered in Malaysia. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

VM-1 at para 15.

[FXN] is regulated by [LX] bank (“[LX] Bank”) as [FXN] is an e-money issuer
with an e-money licence granted by [LX] Bank. [PXH] is also regulated by [LX]
Bank. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

VM-1 at para 15.

11 The Tribunal issued the Interim Order on 16 August 2022. The Tribunal
declined to grant the reliefs sought by the claimants, and instead directed
the defendants to complete the following within 90 days from the date of the
Interim Order (collectively, “the Commitments”): 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

VM-1 at para 16.

(a) to ensure that payments by [PXH] remain closed-loop and accepted only in
the [MB] App;

(b) to ensure that the only methods available for top-ups to [PXH] are via a
user’s [CXK] App account or via refunds from any products and services on the
[MB] App, and in this regard, to disable the online banking top-up to [PXH];

(c) to disable the peer-to-peer transfer function;

(d) to cease all discounts and promotions offered to [PXH] users;

(e) for management of [PXH] to be transferred to one of [CXK]’s subsidiaries
on the contractual and operational arrangements to be mutually agreed between
[MBX] and [CXK];

(f) for [PXH] to be renamed to “[UMD]” or another name to be mutually agreed
between [MBX] and [CXK] (“the Renaming Commitment”); and

(g) to undertake not to expand the services or geographical reach of [PXH].

Pertinently, the Commitments were offered by [MBX]. The Tribunal issued the
Interim Order directing all the defendants to comply with the Commitments. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

CL-1 at pp 106–107 (Exhibit CL-4 at paras 11 and 14).

12 I note that based on their affidavits, the defendants maintained that they
had complied with all the Commitments, save for the Renaming Commitment which
could only be completed pending approval by [LX] Bank and [FXN]. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

VM-1 at paras 17 and 25.

The parties’ cases

The defendants’ case

13 By the Stay Applications, the defendants argued that pursuant to O 6 r
12(4)(b) of the Rules of Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”), this court should not
exercise its jurisdiction to hear the Leave Application because it was not
appropriate for it to do so. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1st and 2nd Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 (“1st and 2nd
Dfs’ Written Subs”) at paras 23 and 26.

To be clear, the defendants did not contend that this court lacked
jurisdiction to hear the Leave Application; instead, they argued that it
should decline to exercise such jurisdiction.

14 The defendants argued that in determining whether it was appropriate for
this court to exercise jurisdiction, the court should apply FNC principles for
two reasons.

15 First, O 28 r 2A(2) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”) (which
concerned a stay of proceedings commenced by originating summons) is the
predecessor to O 6 r 12(4) of the ROC 2021 and reflected materially the same
operative language as O 12 r 7(2) of the ROC 2014 (which concerned a stay of
proceedings commenced by writ). Since O 12 r 7(2) of the ROC 2014 had been
held in Grains and Industrial Products Trading Pte Ltd and another v State
Bank of India and others [2019] SGHC 292 (at [66]) to require a FNC analysis,
this requirement similarly applied to O 6 r 12(4) of the ROC 2021. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Written Subs at para 29.

16 Second, under O 48 r 4(2) of the ROC 2021, which governs service out of
Singapore for originating applications under the IAA (including applications
for permission to enforce domestic interim measures under s 12(6) of the IAA),
no permission for service out is to be granted unless it is made sufficiently
to appear to the court that the case is a “proper one for service out of
Singapore”.

17 The defendants argued that the phrase “case is a proper one for service
out” imported into O 48 r 4(2) a requirement for the applicant to show that
the Singapore court is forum conveniens. In support of this, they cited the
High Court’s decision in Swift-Fortune v Magnifica Marine SA [2006] 2 SLR(R)
323 (“Swift-Fortune”), where FNC considerations were taken into account in the
court’s assessment of whether to grant permission for service out of an
application for the grant of interim relief in support of a foreign-seated
arbitration under s 12(7) of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002
Rev Ed) (presently s 12A of the current IAA). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Supplementary Submissions dated 17 July 2023 (1st and 2nd
Dfs’ Supplementary Subs”) at para 6.

18 Turning to the application of the FNC doctrine itself, the defendants
relied on the principles as set out in Spiliada Maritime Corporation v
Cansulex Ltd [1987] AC 460 (“Spiliada”) and applied in Rickshaw Investments
Ltd v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“Rickshaw Investments”).
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Written Subs at para 30.

The FNC analysis under Spiliada involves two stages (Rickshaw Investments at
[14]):

(a) first, whether, prima facie, there is some other available forum which is
more appropriate for the case to be tried, which requires a consideration of
factors connecting the dispute to a particular forum; and

(b) second, if the court concludes that there is prima facie a more
appropriate forum, the court will ordinarily grant a stay unless there are
circumstances by reason of which justice requires that a stay should
nonetheless not be granted.

19 The defendants argued that the connecting factors pointed to Malaysia as
the more appropriate forum to enforce the Interim Order:

(a) First, the subject matter of the dispute – ie, [PXH] – was in Malaysia. It
relied on Malaysian intellectual property which was owned by [FXN], a
Malaysian entity, and licensed to [GHX], another Malaysian entity. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Written Subs at para 33.

Furthermore, in complying with the Interim Order, the relevant stakeholders
were all Malaysian entities and had to undertake consultations with [LX] Bank
as the Interim Order required changes to e-money services which were regulated
by [LX] Bank.

(b) Second, the ease of enforcing the remedy sought. Since the Interim Order
likely required a significant degree of supervision which principally affected
parties and interests in Malaysia, this added weight to Malaysia being the
more appropriate forum for an application to enforce the Interim Order. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Written Subs at paras 35, 37 and 38.

(c) Third, the location of the parties and third parties involved. The Interim
Order affected the rights of third parties who were neither before the court
nor party to the Arbitration, such as [MBX]. Given that the affected parties
were Malaysian, it was more appropriate for the Malaysian courts to supervise
the third parties’ compliance with the Interim Order. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Written Subs at paras 40 and 43.

(d) Fourth, the location and compellability of witnesses. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Written Subs at para 44.

The key witnesses to attest to whether the Interim Order had been complied
with were in Malaysia, not Singapore. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Written Subs at para 45.

(e) Fifth, the location and ease of obtaining evidence. Several of the
documents that were exchanged between [FXN] and [LX] Bank were in Malay, and
additional costs would be incurred in having to translate these documents. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Written Subs at para 48.

20 Further, the defendants argued that they would be prejudiced by the
enforcement of the Interim Order in Singapore. Since the relevant entities
were mostly Malaysian, evidence of compliance would be in Malaysia and the key
witnesses, who were in Malaysia, might not be compellable to testify in
Singapore. Hence, enforcement of the Interim Order in Singapore would expose
[CXI] and [CXJ]’s directors to the threat of committal proceedings in a
jurisdiction where the courts were not best placed to assess evidence relating
to a breach of the Interim Order.

21 The defendants also pointed out that the claimant had given no good reason
for seeking enforcement of the Interim Order in Singapore instead of Malaysia.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 July 2023 at p 47 lines 7–11.

On my inquiry, counsel for the defendants confirmed that the defendants would
not oppose enforcement of the Interim Order in Malaysia. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Certified Transcript dated 26 July 2023 at p 139 lines 1–9.

22 Thus, the defendants submitted that this court ought not to exercise its
jurisdiction to hear the Leave Application because it was not the appropriate
court to do so. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Written Subs at para 49.

The claimants’ case

23 The claimants argued that as a matter of principle, precedent, and policy,
FNC considerations were irrelevant to an application under s 12(6) of the IAA.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 6.

24 First, as a matter of principle, by choosing Singapore as the seat of the
Arbitration, the parties had agreed that the IAA would govern the Arbitration
and that they would submit to the jurisdiction of the Singapore court in
respect of the exercise of the powers conferred by the IAA. These powers
included the power under s 12(6) of the IAA to enforce interim orders made by
the Tribunal. Given its supervisory jurisdiction, the Singapore court was
necessarily the appropriate court to hear an application under s 12(6) of the
IAA for permission to give effect to the Interim Order as a judgment of the
court. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 6.

Furthermore, the giving effect to the Interim Order as a judgment of the court
was to be largely an administrative process. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 6.

Hence, FNC considerations did not apply for enforcement of the Interim Order.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 43.

25 Second, as a matter of precedent, case law showed that by choosing a
particular seat, the parties to an arbitration agreement agreed to submit
themselves to the supervisory jurisdiction of the seat court and its powers
over the arbitration. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 50.

Under Singapore law, this included the power under s 12(6) of the IAA to
support the arbitration process by enforcing an injunction granted by an
arbitral tribunal. Although the Singapore court could in an appropriate case
decline to grant permission under s 12(6) of the IAA to enforce a tribunal’s
interim order, such cases would be limited. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at paras 51–53.

The only ground for which there was judicial authority for the court to refuse
leave under s 12(6) of the IAA concerned O 69A r 5(2) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, 2006 Rev Ed) (now O 48 r 5(2) of the ROC 2021), which provided that
“[w]here the order sought to be enforced is in the nature of an interim
injunction under section 12(1)(e) or (f), permission may be granted only if
the applicant undertakes to abide by any order the Court or the arbitral
tribunal may make as to damages”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 52(c).

26 Third, as a matter of policy, FNC considerations were irrelevant to s 12(6)
of the IAA. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 56.

It would also undermine the attractiveness of Singapore as a preferred
arbitral seat, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 58.

defeating Parliament’s intention to empower the Singapore court to enforce
tribunals’ interim orders and rendering the parties’ autonomous choice in
choosing Singapore as the arbitral seat nugatory. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 57.

Furthermore, the nature of international arbitration was that many Singapore-
seated arbitrations often had no connection with Singapore apart from it being
chosen as the arbitral seat. This meant that in many Singapore-seated
international arbitrations, the connecting factors under FNC principles would
often point away from Singapore as the proper forum. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 60.

To allow such connecting factors to oust the supervisory jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts to enforce a tribunal’s interim orders would be to deprive
many Singapore-seated international arbitrations of the curial assistance
under s 12(6) of the IAA that Parliament intended them to have, and that
parties themselves reasonably expected to be available to them. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 61.

27 The claimants further argued that even if FNC principles were to be
considered under s 12(6) of the IAA, the defendants had to meet the burden of
establishing “exceptional circumstances amounting to strong cause” (“the
strong cause test”) as to why an application to enforce the Interim Order
should not be heard in Singapore. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 63.

The strong cause test applied where Singapore was named in a non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause – ie, a party must show “strong cause” why it should not
be bound to the contractual agreement to submit to the Singapore court’s
jurisdiction. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 65.

The claimants argued that given the analogous nature of the choice of seat in
an arbitration agreement to a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause, the
defendants likewise had to show “strong cause” why the Leave Application
should not be heard in Singapore. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 66.

However, none of the connecting factors cited by the defendants satisfied the
strong cause test as they were all foreseeable at the time the parties entered
into the SHA and the IA. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 71.

28 Lastly, the claimants argued that even if FNC principles were relevant to s
12(6) of the IAA, and the strong cause test did not apply, there were
sufficient connecting factors which made it appropriate to enforce the Interim
Order here, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at paras 73–76.

such as, inter alia, the fact that Singapore was the seat court with
supervisory jurisdiction over the Arbitration in which the Interim Order was
made.

29 I note that the claimants did not assert that the defendants were in breach
of any of the terms of the Interim Order. Rather, the claimants argued that
the Interim Order imposed continuing obligations on the defendants, such that
the obligations thereunder remained live. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Claimants’ Written Subs at para 6(c)(ii); Certified Transcript dated 26 July
2023 at p 94 lines 5–13.

This necessitated enforcement of the Interim Order.

My decision

The statutory framework

30 The Leave Application is brought pursuant to s 12(6) of the IAA (read with
s 12(1)(i) of the IAA) and O 48 r 3(1)(b) of the ROC 2021. These provisions
are set out below:

Powers of arbitral tribunal

12.—(1) Without prejudice to the powers set out in any other provision of this
Act and in the Model Law, an arbitral tribunal shall have powers to make
orders or give directions to any party for —

…

(i) an interim injunction or any other interim measure.

…

(6) All orders or directions made or given by an arbitral tribunal in the
course of an arbitration shall, by leave of the High Court or a Judge thereof,
be enforceable in the same manner as if they were orders made by a court and,
where leave is so given, judgment may be entered in terms of the order or
direction.

Matters for Judge or Registrar (O. 48, r. 3)

3.—(1) Every application or request to the Court —

…

(b) for permission to enforce interim orders or directions of an arbitral
tribunal under section 12(6);

…

must be made to a Judge or the Registrar.

31 There is no doubt that the Singapore courts have jurisdiction to hear an
application to enforce the Interim Order. The defendants do not dispute this.
Indeed, such jurisdiction is clear from the provisions set out above. Under s
12(1)(i) of the IAA, an arbitral tribunal has the power to order a domestic
interim measure. The jurisdiction to hear an application to enforce domestic
interim measures stems from s 12(6) of the IAA, which applies to orders or
directions made in a Singapore-seated arbitration. Such orders and directions
shall, by leave of the High Court or a Judge thereof, be enforceable in the
same manner as if they were orders made by a court: see Bloomberry Resorts and
Hotels Inc and another v Global Gaming Philippines LLC and another [2021] 2
SLR 1279 (“Bloomberry Resorts”) at [113].

32 Further, the choice of seat embodies parties’ submission to the curial
jurisdiction of the seat’s courts. As observed by the English Court of Appeal
in Enka Insaat Ve Sanayi A S v OOO “Insurance Company Chubb” and others [2020]
EWCA Civ 574 (“Enka EWCA”) at [46]:

[T]he choice of seat is by its very nature a submission to the curial
jurisdiction. The choice of seat is a legal concept which determines the
curial law … [t]o hold that the choice of seat is a submission to the curial
jurisdiction is therefore no more than to give effect to party autonomy which
is fundamental to arbitration agreements and which it is the primary function
of the courts to respect and uphold. Parties who agree a particular seat
deliberately submit themselves to the law of the seat and whatever control it
exerts. That not only gives effect to party autonomy but promotes certainty.

33 Thus, where parties have chosen Singapore as the seat of the arbitration,
as they have here, they agree to submit to the curial law and jurisdiction of
Singapore. It follows that the IAA, as part of our curial law, applies to
govern the Arbitration (see Sanum Investments Ltd v Government of the Lao
People’s Democratic Republic [2016] 5 SLR 536 (“Sanum Investments”) at [38]).
This includes the power of the Singapore courts (specifically, the General
Division of the High Court) under s 12(6) of the IAA to enforce interim orders
or directions made or given by a Singapore-seated arbitral tribunal.

34 The Stay Applications are brought pursuant to O 6 rr 12(3) and 12(4)(b),
which provide:

Form and service of defendant’s affidavit (O. 6, r. 12)

…

(3) If the defendant is challenging the jurisdiction of the Court on the
ground that the parties have agreed to refer their dispute to arbitration or
on any other ground, the defendant need not file and serve the defendant’s
affidavit on the merits but must file and serve the defendant’s affidavit
stating the ground on which the defendant is challenging the jurisdiction of
the Court.

(4) The challenge to jurisdiction may be for the reason that —

(a) the Court has no jurisdiction to hear the action; or

(b) the Court should not exercise jurisdiction because it is not the
appropriate Court to hear the action.

…

[emphasis added]

35 The defendants maintain that notwithstanding the jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts to hear the Leave Application, this court should nevertheless
decline to hear it as it is not the appropriate court to do so under O 6 r
12(4)(b).

36 In the Stay Applications, the defendants also relied on O 48 r 4(2) of the
ROC 2021, which addresses service out of Singapore for originating
applications under the IAA. O 48 rr 4(1) and 4(2) read as follows:

Service out of Singapore of originating process (O. 48, r. 4)

4.—(1) Service out of Singapore of the originating application or of any order
made on such originating application under this Order is permissible with the
permission of the Court whether or not the arbitration was held or the award
was made within Singapore.

(2) An application for the grant of permission under this Rule must be
supported by an affidavit stating the ground on which the application is made
and showing in what place or country the person to be served is, or probably
may be found; and no such permission is to be granted unless it is made
sufficiently to appear to the Court that the case is a proper one for service
out of Singapore under this Rule.

…

[emphasis added]

The defendants argued that since FNC principles are considered under the
requirement of an IAA application being a “proper one for service out” under O
48 r 4(2) (pursuant to Swift-Fortune), FNC principles should similarly be
considered in assessing the appropriate court under O 6 r 12(4)(b) to hear
applications for the enforcement of domestic interim measures.

37 As a starting point, I observe that by virtue of the parties’ choice of
Singapore as the arbitral seat, it would ordinarily be appropriate for the
Singapore courts to hear an application made pursuant to our curial law. By
agreeing to a Singapore-seated arbitration, the parties have accepted that the
IAA governs the arbitration, and the claimant would be entitled to apply under
s 12(6) of the IAA to this court to enforce domestic interim measures. Hence,
the Singapore courts would prima facie be an appropriate forum to hear the
Leave Application. It was therefore incumbent on the defendants to show why
FNC principles should additionally feature in this assessment of the
appropriate forum.

38 In this regard, it is apposite to consider the specific nature of the Leave
Application and how the statutory framework relating to it sheds light on the
way the assessment of the appropriate forum is to be conducted.

39 The Leave Application is an application for permission to enforce the
Interim Order, which comprises a set of interim measures ordered by the
Tribunal. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

HC/OA 710/2022 at para 2.1.

As stated above at [31], arbitral tribunals in Singapore-seated international
arbitrations derive their power to order an interim injunction or any other
interim measure from s 12(1)(i) of the IAA. However, an arbitral tribunal does
not have the same coercive powers of enforcement as the court. To preserve the
sanctity of the interim orders and directions issued by the arbitral tribunal,
the enforcement of these measures becomes the responsibility of the
supervising national courts, at the application of one or more of the parties:
Bloomberry Resorts at [113]–[114].

40 Section 12(6) of the IAA is the operative provision under which parties
apply for permission to enforce interim measures issued in a Singapore-seated
arbitration. Section 12(6) was introduced to address a “lacuna” in the
UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (“the Model Law”)
(which has the force of law in Singapore under s 3(1) of the IAA) in that the
Model Law did not expressly provide that an interim measure could be enforced
as an award: see the Report on Review of Arbitration Laws (August 1993)
prepared by the Law Reform Committee’s Sub-Committee on Review of Arbitration
Laws (“the LRC Report”) at para 32. Lee Seiu Kin J observed this point in PT
Pukuafu Indah and others v Newmont Indonesia Ltd and another [2012] 4 SLR 1157
(“Pukuafu”) (at [21]):

… During the drafting stages of the International Arbitration Bill, the Law
Reform Committee’s sub-committee (“the sub-committee”) on the Review of
Arbitration Laws proposed that assistance should be available from the courts
when interim orders are made by an arbitral tribunal so as to ensure that such
orders are not mere paper awards. Article 17 of the Model Law gives an
arbitral tribunal powers to make orders on interim measures of protection but
is silent on the status and enforceability of such orders. The sub-committee
considered that the Model Law had left a lacuna in this aspect and that “such
orders may also need to be given the status of awards in order to be
enforceable” (at [34] of the sub-committee’s report on the Review of
Arbitration Laws). Parliament responded by providing in s 12(6) of the IAA
that “[all] orders or directions made or given by an arbitral tribunal in the
course of an arbitration shall, by leave of the High Court or a Judge thereof,
be enforceable in the same manner as if they were orders made by a court”,
thus filling in the lacuna with a sui generis enforcement mechanism …

41 The need to seek the court’s permission under s 12(6) necessarily means
that the court has the discretion whether to grant permission. Therefore, the
court’s role cannot be to simply “rubber-stamp” its approval. But the IAA does
not prescribe how that discretion is to be exercised. The IAA provisions
addressing domestic interim measures and their enforcement sheds some, but
insufficient, light on this question.

42 The IAA differentiates interim measures ordered under s 12 from awards.
Interim measures do not determine the merits of the dispute between parties
but seek to preserve parties’ rights pending the final determination of the
dispute by the tribunal. Thus, s 2(1) of the IAA defines “award” to mean “a
decision of the arbitral tribunal on the substance of the dispute [which]
includes any interim, interlocutory or partial award but excludes any orders
or directions made under section 12”. By virtue of s 2(2) of the IAA, which
provides that “a word … used both in this Part and in the Model Law … has, in
the Model Law, the meaning given by this Part”, this definition of “award”
applies to the Model Law as well.

43 The significance of this statutory distinction is that procedural and
interim measures issued by a tribunal under s 12(1) are exempt from the usual
judicial oversight which applies to awards under the IAA and the Model Law. In
particular, the grounds for setting aside an award under Art 34(2) of the
Model Law do not apply to domestic interim measures under s 12(6) of the IAA.
Neither does s 24 of the IAA, which provides two additional grounds for the
setting aside of a Singapore-seated award – if (a) the making of the award was
induced or affected by fraud or corruption; or (b) a breach of the rules of
natural justice occurred in connection with the making of the award by which
the rights of any party have been prejudiced.

44 Thus, Lee J in Pukuafu noted (at [21]) that by introducing s 12(6) of the
IAA, Parliament had instituted “a sui generis enforcement mechanism [for
orders under s 12] without broadening the definition of “award” to allow the
court to set aside these orders”. This approach reflected Parliament’s
decision to insulate these orders from judicial challenge while lending the
coercive powers of the court to their enforcement: Pukuafu at [22]. Thus, the
court has no jurisdiction under the IAA to set aside or review interim
measures made by an arbitral tribunal. Limiting challenges only to awards that
decide the substantive merits of the case would reduce the risk of delay and
prevent tactical attempts to obstruct the arbitration process by bringing
challenges on interim orders: Pukuafu at [25]. It also reflected the principle
that procedural issues fall directly within the province of the arbitral
tribunal and should be decided solely by the tribunal: Pukuafu at [23].

45 Indeed, at the drafting stage, the regime for enforcement of interim
measures was envisioned to be largely free from judicial interference. The LRC
Report, which was adopted by Parliament, recommended (at para 35) that “curial
assistance should be available such that the interim orders and/or directions
may be registered with the courts for enforcement as an administrative
process” [emphasis added].

46 The only express condition is found in O 48 r 5(2) of the ROC 2021, which
reads as follows:

Enforcement of interim orders or directions (O. 48, r. 5)

…

(2) Where the order sought to be enforced is in the nature of an interim
injunction under section 12(1)(e) or (f), permission may be granted only if
the applicant undertakes to abide by any order the Court or the arbitral
tribunal may make as to damages.

The Interim Order is one made under s 12(1)(i) of the IAA and therefore, this
condition does not apply.

47 However, the imposition of this condition for interim injunctions under ss
12(1)(e) and 12(1)(f) of the IAA does not mean that the court must grant
enforcement in all other cases – as stated above at [41], enforcement is an
exercise of the court’s discretion. Nor does it inform how the discretion
under s 12(6) of the IAA should be exercised.

48 Nevertheless, drawing on the background and context of s 12(6) of the IAA
as explored above, the threshold to obtain the court’s permission must
necessarily be a low one:

(a) as stated above, it was envisaged that the obtaining of the court’s
permission under s 12(6) would be “administrative”;

(b) an interim measure, by definition, does not determine the merits of the
dispute between the parties but seeks to preserve the parties’ rights pending
the final determination of the dispute by the tribunal;

(c) the clear policy and intent of the IAA is for minimal curial intervention,
and for the court to assist arbitral proceedings, which includes the
enforcement of interim measures, directions and, ultimately, awards;

(d) the court is not concerned with the merits of the interim measure; indeed,
unlike the case of an award, the IAA does not give the court power to even set
aside or review interim measures made by the arbitral tribunal; and

(e) as previously observed, the court should eschew any principle or approach
which risks delay or allows tactical attempts to obstruct the arbitration
process (Pukuafu at [25]).

Do FNC principles apply?

49 I now turn to the thrust of the defendant’s case, namely that FNC
principles are relevant to the question of whether it is appropriate for the
court to exercise jurisdiction over an application to enforce a domestic
interim measure.

50 As a preliminary point, I note that the claimants went beyond arguing that
it was appropriate for the court to exercise jurisdiction in respect of the
Leave Application. Relying on Sanum Investments, they argued that because this
was a Singapore-seated arbitration, the court was in fact obliged to hear the
Leave Application.

51 The claimants’ submission in this respect goes too far. In Sanum
Investments, the application before the court challenged the jurisdiction of
the arbitral tribunal. It was in this context that Sundaresh Menon CJ held at
[38]:

There is no doubt … that the interpretation and application of the [agreement]
are matters that are entirely within the scope of what the Singapore courts
had to deal with in this case. Indeed, we would say that the High Court was
not only competent to consider these issues, but in the circumstances, it was
obliged to do so. This is so because the parties have designated Singapore as
the seat of the Arbitration … A necessary consequence of this is that the IAA
applies to govern the Arbitration and this in turn requires the High Court to
consider issues such as the jurisdiction of the Tribunal. …

[emphasis in original]

52 Where the jurisdiction of the arbitral tribunal is concerned, the court of
the seat is exclusively charged with the duty to pronounce on the matter
(following an appeal against the tribunal’s own decision on jurisdiction): see
s 10(3) IAA. This is a crucial component of supervisory jurisdiction, and
parties would be left with no recourse against the tribunal’s decision on
jurisdiction if the court of the seat were to abdicate this duty. Hence, the
court of the seat is obliged to consider issues such as the jurisdiction of
the tribunal. On the other hand, the enforcement of domestic interim measures
is not an issue which the court of the seat has exclusive jurisdiction to
hear.

Judicial authority

53 Returning to the issue of the relevance of FNC principles, the claimants
relied on the UK Supreme Court’s decision in Enka Insaat Ve Sanayi AS v OOO
Insurance Company Chubb and others [2020] UKSC 38 (“Enka UKSC”) for the
proposition that FNC principles are not relevant to the court’s exercise of
jurisdiction over an application to enforce a local interim measure. The court
in Enka UKSC held as follows (at [179]):

… We agree with the Court of Appeal that forum conveniens, which is a matter
that goes to the court’s jurisdiction, is not relevant. By agreeing to
arbitrate in London the parties were agreeing to submit to the supervisory and
supporting jurisdiction of the English courts, including its jurisdiction to
grant anti-suit injunctions.

[emphasis added]

The claimants contended that the enforcement of domestic interim measures was
also part of the supervisory jurisdiction of the Singapore courts, and hence
in line with the holding in Enka UKSC, FNC principles were not relevant.

54 In response, the defendants argued that the powers that are exclusive to a
supervisory court are listed at Art 6 of the Model Law, which does not include
the enforcement of a domestic interim measure; accordingly, the enforcement of
a domestic interim measure was not a power exclusive to the seat court and
hence Singapore being the seat court did not ipso facto mean that the
Singapore court is the appropriate enforcement court. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

1st and 2nd Dfs' Supplementary Subs at paras 27–28.

55 The scope of supervisory jurisdiction is not founded on Art 6 of the Model
Law. The provision reads:

Article 6. Court or other authority for certain functions of arbitration
assistance and supervision

The functions referred to in Articles 11(3), 11(4), 13(3), 14, 16(3) and 34(2)
shall be performed by ........... [Each State enacting this Model Law
specifies the court, courts or, where referred to therein, other authority
competent to perform these functions.]

56 This provision was meant to allow the legislature of a State to designate
the relevant court which would perform the functions referred to in the
specified articles. The title of Art 6 itself, which reads “certain functions
of arbitration assistance and supervision” [emphasis added] indicates that the
provision was not meant to exhaustively list the supervisory powers of the
national courts. Thus, it has been observed that (Howard Holtzmann and Joseph
Neuhaus, A Guide to the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration (Wolters Kluwer, 2015) at p 240):

Article 6 enables the legislature of a State enacting the Model Law to
designate which court or authority in the State is to perform certain
functions under the Law … its primary purpose is to aid foreign parties in
locating the competent court or authority and obtaining information on its
procedures and practices … Not all court functions under the Law are included
in the designation under Article 6 …

Clearly, Art 6 does not delineate the scope of supervisory jurisdiction.

57 At the same time, the claimants’ contention that the enforcement of
domestic interim measures forms part of the Singapore courts’ supervisory
jurisdiction is not accurate. The supervisory jurisdiction of the courts of
the seat concerns powers unique to the courts of the seat, which they possess
for the purpose of supervising the arbitral proceedings: see Westbridge
Ventures II Investment Holdings v Anupam Mittal [2021] SGHC 244 (“Westbridge”)
at [73]. Such powers include the power to set aside awards, as well as the
oversight which the courts of the seat have over, for example, challenges
against the jurisdiction of the arbitral tribunal under s 10 of the IAA. The
enforcement of interim measures ordered by the arbitral tribunal does not form
part of the court’s supervisory jurisdiction. It is not a power unique to the
courts of the seat and it does not concern the court’s supervision of the
arbitral proceedings. Thus, the holding in Enka UKSC that FNC principles do
not apply to the court’s exercise of supervisory jurisdiction is not strictly
on point in this case.

58 Overall, the authorities do not appear to address specifically the issue of
whether FNC principles apply to the enforcement of domestic interim measures.
Hence, I turn to consider the nature and purpose of the FNC doctrine and if or
how it maps onto the enforcement of domestic interim measures under s 12(6) of
the IAA. For reasons discussed below, I find that FNC principles do not apply
to the enforcement of domestic interim measures.

FNC considerations are irrelevant to the enforcement paradigm

59 The defendants’ argument fundamentally misunderstands and misapplies FNC
principles. In essence, they wrongly conflate a “proper” and an “appropriate”
forum.

60 The court will only grant a stay on FNC grounds where it is satisfied that
there is some other available and appropriate forum for the trial of the
action: Rickshaw Investments at [14], citing Eng Liat Kiang v Eng Bak Hern
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 851 at [19]. Thus, the purpose of the FNC analysis is to
identify the most appropriate forum (ie, the proper forum) to hear the
substantive dispute: Siemens AG v Holdrich Investment Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 1007
(“Siemens AG”) at [19]. The court therefore considers which forum the material
elements of the dispute (eg, the parties, governing law, evidence, and
witnesses) are most closely connected to, such that the case may be tried more
suitably in that forum for the interest of all the parties and the ends of
justice: Rickshaw Investments at [13], citing Brinkerhoff Maritime Drilling
Corp v PT Airfast Services Indonesia [1992] 2 SLR(R) 345 at [35].

61 However, the nature and purpose of a FNC inquiry is simply ill-suited to
applications for the enforcement of domestic interim measures. First, FNC
principles are concerned with the substantive dispute at hand – hence the
focus on the factors connecting the substantive dispute to a particular
jurisdiction, such as the availability of witnesses and evidence. This focus
on the substantive dispute is necessary to ascertain the single, most
appropriate forum for determining the dispute: Siemens AG at [4].

62 Where the enforcement of domestic interim measures is concerned, the court
is not concerned with adjudicating the substantive merits of the dispute or
the interim measure itself. The court is therefore not concerned with the
typical connecting factors which a particular forum has to the dispute.
Further, the aim of the FNC doctrine – ie, to identify the single, most
appropriate forum for determining the substantive dispute – makes little sense
in the enforcement paradigm, since an enforcement application can be brought
in multiple jurisdictions.

63 Put another way, just because it may be appropriate, or even more
effective, to enforce the Interim Order in Malaysia or some other
jurisdiction, it does not mean that Singapore is not an appropriate forum to
hear the Leave Application. This same reasoning applied in U & M Mining Zambia
Ltd v Konkola Copper Mines plc [2014] EWHC 3250 (Comm) (“U & M”), albeit in
the context of a court-ordered worldwide freezing injunction granted in
support of sums awarded by a London-seated arbitral tribunal. Although the
enforcement of the injunction was almost entirely linked to Zambia rather than
England (since the bulk of the relevant assets were in Zambia and there were
no relevant assets in England), Teare J held that (at [63] and [65] of U & M):

63\. … the mere fact that enforcement of an award will take place in Zambia
is, by itself, insufficient to make it inappropriate for this court, being the
court of the place where the arbitration has its seat, to grant [the
injunction] …

…

65\. This is a case where it is appropriate for two courts to grant a freezing
order against KCM … I do not accept that the fact that it may be appropriate
for another court to grant a freezing order means that it is inappropriate for
this court to do so …

[emphasis added]

Thus, where it comes to enforcement of an interim order, the fact that the
courts of one forum may also enforce such an order does not impact the
appropriateness of the courts of another forum. FNC principles are therefore
irrelevant to the assessment of the appropriate court to hear applications for
the enforcement of domestic interim measures.

Application of FNC principles contradicts party autonomy and certainty

64 The application of FNC principles is also antithetical, in a practical
sense, to the question of whether it is appropriate for this court to exercise
jurisdiction over the enforcement of domestic interim measures under s 12(6)
of the IAA.

65 The common practice, and reality, in international arbitrations is that the
chosen seat may have little or even no connection with the parties or the
dispute; its choice may turn on, or reflect the parties’ confidence in, the
legal infrastructure of the seat, the national curial law and willingness of
the courts to support and facilitate the arbitration. Indeed, the lack of
connecting factors to, and the neutrality of, the seat may be the precise
reason why the parties chose that very seat: see Westbridge at [92]. Applying
FNC principles to enforcement would be contrary to party autonomy and the
expectations of the parties.

66 Applying FNC principles would also introduce uncertainty. The application
of FNC, which involves multi-factorial considerations, is often a complicated
and unpredictable exercise. If the defendants are correct, the “appropriate”
jurisdiction to enforce an interim measure would not only be unclear from the
outset, it may also engage different jurisdictions depending on the nature and
terms of the interim measure to be enforced. It therefore presents ample
opportunity for a respondent to engage in delay and tactical attempts to
obstruct the arbitration process, which is the very mischief s 12(6) seeks to
avoid: see Pukuafu at [25]. Such an outcome would potentially make Singapore a
less attractive seat for international arbitrations: see Gary B Born,
International Commercial Arbitration (3rd Ed, Wolters Kluwer, 2012) at para
14.02[A][6].

Legitimate reasons and practical benefits for seeking enforcement at the seat

67 Further, there may be legitimate reasons and practical benefits for seeking
enforcement at the court of the seat. First, parties may have chosen the
arbitral seat for the very reason of the seat jurisdiction’s approach toward
enforcing awards (used in the loose sense of the term and including interim
measures). The court in Enka EWCA stated at [48] that “preferences for seats
are predominantly based on users’ appraisal of the seat’s established formal
legal infrastructure: the neutrality and impartiality of the legal system; the
national arbitration law; and its track record for enforcing agreements to
arbitrate and arbitral awards” [emphasis added].

68 Second, the seat court’s grant of enforcement dispels any potential for a
future challenge to the award on procedural grounds. As observed by the court
in Shell Energy Europe Ltd v Meta Energia SpA [2020] EWHC 1799 (Comm) at [17]:

… [I]n the context of the international enforcement of an arbitration award,
there is an inherent value in there being confirmation from the court of the
seat … that the award in question is fully valid, effective and enforceable
according to the law governing the arbitral process, and that there was and is
no basis for a challenge to the award on 'due process' grounds under that law.
…

[emphasis added]

This inherent value in seeking and obtaining enforcement at the court of the
seat makes it practical and reasonable for parties to do so, irrespective of
considerations such as the ease of enforcement at the seat jurisdiction.

Foreign interim measures

69 The above analysis, ie, that FNC principles are not relevant to the
assessment of the appropriate court to hear applications for the enforcement
of domestic interim measures, is supported by the provisions in the IAA
relating to the enforcement of tribunal-ordered interim measures in foreign-
seated international arbitrations (“foreign interim measures”).

70 Under Part 3 of the IAA, which addresses foreign awards, an “arbitral
award” includes an order or a direction made or given by an arbitral tribunal
in the course of an arbitration in respect of any of the matters set out in ss
12(1)(c)–12(1)(j) of the IAA. Hence, the distinction between an “interim
measure” and an “award” which applies for Singapore-seated arbitrations (as
noted above at [42]) does not apply for foreign-seated arbitrations. In other
words, a foreign “award” includes a foreign interim measure, and therefore IAA
provisions addressing foreign awards deal with foreign interim measures as
well.

71 Under O 48 r 6 of the ROC 2021, a party may apply for permission to enforce
a foreign award (which includes an interim measure) without notice and is not
required to state in its affidavit why Singapore is an appropriate forum for
enforcement. Nor is it even required, under O 48 r 6(4), to seek leave to
serve the order giving permission out of jurisdiction. This underscores the
irrelevance of a FNC assessment in respect of the enforcement of a foreign
interim measure in Singapore.

72 Further, under O 48 r 6(5) of the ROC 2021, the respondent may apply to set
aside the order giving permission. Section 31(1) of the IAA provides that
enforcement of a foreign award may only be refused in cases mentioned in ss
31(2) and 31(4) of the IAA, but not otherwise. Sections 31(2) and 31(4) of the
IAA basically enshrine the same grounds for refusing enforcement of an award
as Art 36 of the Model Law (although it should be noted that Art 36 of the
Model Law, being part of Chapter VIII of the Model Law, is not given force of
law in Singapore pursuant to s 3(1) of the IAA). These grounds mostly relate
to procedural and jurisdictional objections to the arbitral proceedings, such
as the invalidity of the arbitration agreement or the inability of a party to
present its case in the proceedings. There is no reference to FNC
considerations as a ground for refusal of enforcement.

73 In contrast, Parliament did not see fit to prescribe any grounds to refuse
the enforcement of domestic interim measures.

74 Logically, Parliament could not have intended that the court’s discretion
to refuse enforcement of a domestic interim measure would be wider than that
for a foreign interim measure. Singapore-seated international arbitrations are
subject to the curial jurisdiction of the Singapore courts and the
accompanying supervision which the Singapore courts are empowered to impose on
such arbitrations pursuant to the IAA. In contrast, foreign-seated
international arbitrations are not subject to the supervision of the Singapore
courts at all. Given this, it is reasonable to expect that the statutory
position toward the enforcement of foreign interim measures would be more
restrictive than that toward the enforcement of domestic interim measures.
This expectation is indeed borne out by the actual structure of the IAA,
which, as noted above, provides various grounds for refusing the enforcement
of a foreign interim measure but none for the enforcement of a domestic
interim measure. The imposition of more judicial scrutiny on the enforcement
of domestic interim measures would also be inconsistent with the general
policy of making such enforcement an expeditious, “administrative” process, as
evidenced by the carving out of domestic interim measures from the setting-
aside regime for domestic awards under the IAA as well as the LRC Report’s
comments (noted above at [44]–[45]).

75 In the circumstances, in so far as FNC considerations are irrelevant in the
context of the enforcement of foreign interim measures, which they plainly
are, there is no good reason for applying such considerations to the court’s
exercise of jurisdiction in respect of domestic interim measures.

76 The only limb that could possibly assist the defendants is s 31(4)(b) of
the IAA – ie, where the enforcement of the foreign award would be contrary to
the public policy of Singapore. The ambit of “public policy” will be discussed
later at [112]–[116]. It suffices to say for now that this doctrine is a
strict and narrow one, including, for example, the situation where enforcement
“shocks the conscience” or “violates Singapore’s most basic notion of
justice”: BAZ v BBA and others and other matters [2020] 5 SLR 266 (“BAZ”) at
[180]. No authority was cited to support the proposition that FNC
considerations engage the public policy of Singapore. They plainly do not.

Other arguments by the defendants

The 2006 Model Law

77 The defendants also urged me to consider Art 17I of the Model Law with
amendments as adopted in 2006 (the “2006 Model Law”), which provides instances
where the recognition or enforcement of an interim measure may be refused. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 July 2023 at p 53 line 20–p 54 line 31.

Art 17I reads as follows:

Article 17 I. Grounds for refusing recognition or enforcement

(1) Recognition or enforcement of an interim measure may be refused only:

(a) At the request of the party against whom it is invoked if the court is
satisfied that:

(i) Such refusal is warranted on the grounds set forth in article 36(1)(a)(i),
(ii), (iii) or (iv); or

(ii) The arbitral tribunal’s decision with respect to the provision of
security in connection with the interim measure issued by the arbitral
tribunal has not been complied with; or

(iii) The interim measure has been terminated or suspended by the arbitral
tribunal or, where so empowered, by the court of the State in which the
arbitration takes place or under the law of which that interim measure was
granted; or

(b) If the court finds that:

(i) The interim measure is incompatible with the powers conferred upon the
court unless the court decides to reformulate the interim measure to the
extent necessary to adapt it to its own powers and procedures for the purposes
of enforcing that interim measure and without modifying its substance; or

(ii) Any of the grounds set forth in article 36(1)(b)(i) or (ii), apply to the
recognition and enforcement of the interim measure.

…

78 The defendants accept that Art 17I is not part of Singapore law, but say it
represents “international consensus” which is persuasive. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Supplementary Subs at para 59.

I decline to adopt Art 17I as authoritative. It is for Parliament to amend the
IAA to adopt the 2006 Model Law or Art 17I if it sees fit.

79 In any event, Art 17I of the 2006 Model Law does not assist the defendants.
It does not provide for the refusal of enforcement, much less to decline the
exercise of jurisdiction over an application to enforce, on FNC principles.
The only possibly relevant provision is Art 17I(1)(b)(i), under which the
court may decline enforcement if “the interim measure is incompatible with the
powers conferred upon the court unless the court decides to reformulate the
interim measure to the extent necessary to adapt it to its own powers and
procedures for the purposes of enforcing that interim measure and without
modifying its substance”. However, the travaux for the 2006 Model Law make
clear that this provision is only concerned with orders that might be beyond
the power of the national court: see UNCITRAL Working Group on Arbitration,
Report on the work of its Thirty-Third Session (A/CN.9/485, 20 December 2000)
at paras 79 and 100; UNCITRAL Working Group on Arbitration, Report on the work
of its Thirty-fourth Session (A/CN.9/487, 15 June 2001) at para 76; UNCITRAL
Working Group on Arbitration, Report on the work of its Thirty-eighth Session
(A/CN.9/524, 2 June 2003) at para 48. This is entirely different from the
defendants’ arguments on FNC principles, which relate to orders that might
more appropriately be enforced in the courts of another jurisdiction.

Case law

(1) Swift-Fortune

80 The defendants relied on the decision in Swift-Fortune for the proposition
that under O 69A r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2004 Rev Ed) (what is now
O 48 r 4(2) of the ROC 2021), the phrase “case is a proper one for service
out” required the applicant to show that the Singapore court is forum
conveniens. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Supplementary Subs at para 6.

However, Swift-Fortune does not apply here.

81 Swift-Fortune did not deal with an application to enforce an interim
measure, but an application to serve out an originating process. The court in
Swift-Fortune was asked to grant a Mareva injunction in support of a foreign-
seated arbitration. It did not involve a Singapore-seated arbitration, nor was
jurisdiction based on submission via an exclusive or non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause. In dealing with an order to serve out this application,
the court correctly applied the test in Spiliada, namely that the applicant
must show merits in the case and that Singapore was the forum conveniens.

82 Further, it is not the case that the Spiliada test applies in all
applications for service out. For example, where there is an exclusive
jurisdiction clause in the contract, the “strong cause” test applies instead –
ie, a party seeking to bring proceedings in breach of that clause must show
“exceptional circumstances amounting to strong cause”: Trisuryo Garuda Nusa
Pte Ltd v SKP Pradiksi (North) Sdn Bhd and another and another appeal [2017] 2
SLR 814 at [83]–[85].

83 An altogether different assessment applies in the context of applications
for the enforcement of domestic interim measures. As noted above at [62], for
such applications, there is no need to ascertain the single, most appropriate
forum for enforcement. For the reasons set out above, FNC principles are
irrelevant. In fact, the question of whether a case involving such an
application “is a proper one for service out of Singapore” is presumptively
answered in the affirmative by the fact that Singapore is the seat
jurisdiction.

84 Swift-Fortune therefore does not aid the defendants’ case. Further, I note
that the discussion on the Spiliada connecting factors under the FNC analysis
was ultimately irrelevant as the court in Swift-Fortune concluded that it did
not have the power, under the IAA, to grant a Mareva injunction in aid of a
foreign-seated arbitration: Swift-Fortune at [49]–[50] and [60].

85 For completeness, and in any case, the issue of service out of jurisdiction
under O 48 r 4(2) of the ROC is not engaged in this case. The defendants have,
through their Singapore solicitors, accepted service of the Leave Application.
56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Certified Transcript dated 26 July 2023 at p 115 lines 20–21.

(2) Margulies and Tridon

86 The defendants cited the cases of Margulies Brothers, Ltd v Dafnis
Thomaides & Co (UK) Ltd [1958] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 205 (“Margulies”) and Tridon
Australia Pty Ltd v ACD Tridon Inc [2004] NSWCA 146 (“Tridon”), for the
general proposition that the court will refuse enforcement of arbitral awards
where the enforcement will not serve a legitimate purpose. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Supplementary Subs at para 46.

These authorities do not assist them. The cases involved declaratory awards,
which the courts declined to enforce either because it was outside the
statutory jurisdiction of the court to enforce such an order (see Margulies at
207), or on the basis that enforcement served no useful purpose (see Tridon at
[12]).

87 It suffices to note several points on Margulies and Tridon which undercut
the defendants’ reliance on them. First, the Interim Order is not a
declaratory award and there is therefore no question of it being incapable of
enforcement.

88 Second, they involved the application of English and Australian arbitration
statutes (the Arbitration Act 1950 in Margulies and the Commercial Arbitration
Act 1984 in Tridon) which did not incorporate the Model Law. In contrast, the
enforcement provisions in the IAA and the Model Law do not differentiate
between declaratory and other awards, with the result that the same limited
grounds for refusal of enforcement apply to all awards. Thus, the court in
Meydan Group LLC v Banyan Tree Corporate Pte Ltd [2014] DIFC CA 005 (“Meydan”)
(at [25] and [33]–[34]) observed that the Model Law does not afford the court
discretion to refuse a declaratory award on grounds that it would serve no
useful purpose – that coram included Roger Giles J, who decided Tridon.

89 Further, the apparent prohibition in Margulies against the enforcement of
declaratory awards was subsequently rejected in The Front Comor [2011] 2 All
ER (Comm) 1, where the court held (at [28]) that a declaratory award will be
enforced if to do so would make a positive contribution to the securing of the
material benefit of the award.

90 Third, neither Margulies nor Tridon cited FNC principles as a ground for
refusing to enforce an award. Overall, these cases do not advance the
defendants’ argument that this court should refuse to hear the Leave
Application.

Sufficient safeguards on the enforcement of interim measures in Singapore

91 The defendants argued that unless FNC considerations are imposed, the
Singapore courts will become “the policemen of the world” as far as the
enforcement of interim measures are concerned. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 July 2023 at p 144 lines 1–7.

I disagree:

(a) s 12(6) of the IAA only applies to Singapore-seated international
arbitrations; and

(b) there are safeguards with respect to applications to enforce foreign
interim measures, since they are subject to the same grounds for refusal of
enforcement under the IAA as all other foreign arbitral awards (see [72]
above).

92 In any event, the defendants’ concerns are overstated. It is highly
unlikely that commercial parties will want to incur time and financial
resources enforcing interim awards in Singapore unless there are practical
benefits.

Appropriate for the court to hear the Leave Application

93 Overall, I find that under O 6 r 12(4)(b) of the ROC 2021, this court is
the appropriate court to hear the Leave Application and it should not decline
to exercise its jurisdiction to do so.

94 Order 6 r 12(4)(b) is a provision of general application, and there may
well be other types of applications for which FNC principles or other
considerations may dictate that it would be inappropriate for the Singapore
court to hear that application. However, in the context of applications to
enforce domestic interim measures under s 12(6) of the IAA, it would almost
always be the case that the parties’ choice of Singapore as the seat makes the
Singapore court the appropriate court to hear the application.

95 Further, it is not the case that the Interim Order has nothing to do with
Singapore. Singapore law governs the tribunal’s powers to issue the Interim
Order, which in turn imposes continuing obligations against all the
defendants, including [CXK] which is a Singapore company. Thus, the Interim
Order raises the possibility of breach by a Singapore party in Singapore.
[CXK]’s officers also owe fiduciary and statutory duties under Singapore law
which are relevant to the performance of the Interim Order.

96 To be clear, this is not an endorsement of the Spiliada test of connecting
factors as the correct method for assessing whether under O 6 r 12(4)(b) the
Singapore court is an appropriate court to hear the Leave Application. As
articulated, that is sufficiently dealt with by the fact that Singapore is the
seat. Nevertheless, these features of the Interim Order serve to bolster the
conclusion that it is appropriate for this court to hear the Leave
Application.

Committal proceedings

97 The defendants argued that they would be prejudiced by the hearing of the
Leave Application by this court as the mechanism for enforcement of the
Interim Order would likely be committal proceedings brought against its
officers for breach. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Supplementary Subs at para 14(a).

This was in fact one of the main planks of their submission that Singapore was
not the appropriate forum under O 6 r 12(4)(b) of the ROC 2021. Since
compliance with the terms of the Interim Order requires steps to be taken in
Malaysia, they argued that they may have difficulty producing evidence,
particularly from third parties in Malaysia, to demonstrate what steps have
been taken to comply with the same. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Subs at paras 45 and 48.

98 The defendants have conflated enforcement of the Interim Order with the
execution of a committal order. If the court grants permission to enforce the
Interim Order, and assuming there is a breach of the Interim Order, the
aggrieved party must first apply to the court for permission to make an
application for a committal order: see O 23 r 3(1) of the ROC 2021. The court
may at that stage consider the nature of the application and decide whether to
grant such permission. The considerations which the defendants have pointed to
are more relevant to that stage of proceedings – ie, whether a committal order
should be granted, rather than the present stage of proceedings – ie, whether
enforcement of the Interim Order should be granted. Further, at the present
stage, the prospect and nature of any potential committal proceedings are
uncertain. Indeed, what evidence will be relevant in a future committal
proceeding (if any), and whether there will be any difficulty adducing that
evidence, will depend on the breach alleged. That has not arisen. Thus, it
would be speculative at this point to decide on the propriety of a committal
order, which was essentially what the defendants were asking this court to do.

99 Further, whether committal proceedings will even be brought is also
speculative. The defendants say they have complied with the Interim Order,
save for the Renaming Commitment, which is subject to the approval or acts of
third parties in Malaysia. The claimants have also not alleged that the
defendants are in breach.

100 In fact, the difficulties with pursuing committal proceedings, if any,
will be on the claimants. They will have to prove, beyond reasonable doubt,
that the defendants are in deliberate breach of the terms of the Interim
Order: Monex Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v E-Clearing (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2012]
4 SLR 1169 at [30]. The defendants will be able to give evidence of what steps
they have taken, what difficulties they have encountered and why they have
done all that is reasonable for them to do. If the evidence of non-compliance
is in Malaysia and cannot be adduced, it will be more difficult for the
claimants to satisfy their burden of proof. Further, and again to the
claimant’s disadvantage, if the defendants’ officers responsible for the
breach are outside this court’s jurisdiction, then any committal proceedings
brought will likely be ineffective.

101 In any event, the difficulties cited by the defendants would similarly
exist in respect of committal proceedings arising from foreign awards or
interim measures, but, as discussed above at [72], that is not a ground to
oppose their enforcement. Thus, the defendants’ concerns relating to committal
proceedings are not relevant in determining the appropriate court under O 6 r
12(4)(b), whether as part of their FNC arguments or as a standalone factor.

102 The defendants relied on Maldives Airports Co Ltd and another v GMR Malé
International Airport Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 449 (“Maldives Airports”) for the
proposition that the court will generally not make an order that it cannot
properly supervise. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1st and 2nd Dfs’ Subs at para 35(a).

In Maldives Airports, the Court of Appeal was addressing an appeal against the
decision of the High Court judge below to grant an interim injunction (“the
Injunction”) in aid of a Singapore-seated international arbitration. The Court
of Appeal (at [2]) allowed the appeal, holding that the balance of convenience
did not lie in favour of the Injunction being granted or upheld. A significant
factor leading to this conclusion was the presence of practical problems
associated with the enforcement of the Injunction, including an unacceptable
degree of supervision in a foreign land: Maldives Airports at [71].

103 Maldives Airports dealt with the merits of granting an injunction. It was
in that context that the court considered whether the balance of convenience
lay in favour of granting the Injunction. However, the issue before me was a
jurisdictional one – ie, whether the court should decline to exercise
jurisdiction to hear the Leave Application. The balance of convenience
considerations do not apply since the court is simply concerned with whether
the application should even be heard at all. In fact, the court in Maldives
Airports did consider at length, prior to its assessment of the balance of
convenience, whether it had jurisdiction to hear the appeal: see Maldives
Airports at [14]–[31]. It found that it did, and no balance of convenience
considerations featured in that analysis.

104 In any case, the enforcement of the Interim Injunction does bear some
connecting factors to Singapore: see [95] above. Hence, an order granting
enforcement of the Interim Injunction will not be an exercise in futility,
unlike the case in Maldives Airports. Further, a balance of convenience test
is a multifactorial and fact-centric exercise. Besides the factor of an
unacceptable degree of supervision in a foreign land, the Court of Appeal in
Maldives Airports cited many other factors in reaching its decision that the
balance of convenience lay in favour of not granting the Injunction. These
included the fact that there was an adequate remedy in damages should the
Injunction not be granted (at [65]); the sheer width of the Injunction sought,
which led to uncertainty in compliance (at [68]); and the impact which the
Injunction would have on third parties (at [69]). It would be incorrect to
reduce that analysis to a single factor.

105 Finally, and in any case, the fact that the court order may not be
enforced effectively is not a sufficient reason for the court to decline to
hear enforcement proceedings for, or to grant the enforcement of, an interim
measure. An example would be an anti-suit injunction issued by the court
against a foreign party commencing, or proceeding with, foreign proceedings in
breach of an arbitration agreement. The court of the seat will ordinarily
grant such remedy: see Sun Travels & Tours Pvt Ltd v Hilton International
Manage (Maldives) Pvt Ltd [2019] 1 SLR 732 at [68]. Whether the respondent
will comply, and whether compliance with the injunction can be effectively
enforced, is a separate matter.

106 If the defendants have genuine, practical difficulties in complying with
the terms of the Interim Order, which terms I note were volunteered by [MBX],
it is open to them to apply to the Tribunal for a variation.

107 For completeness, and for the same reasons above, I reject the defendants’
alternative arguments that the Leave Application be stayed under s 18(2) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed) (read with para 9 of
the First Schedule) and the inherent jurisdiction of the court.

Possible limitations to the court’s discretion under s 12(6) of the IAA

108 The court’s exercise of its discretion to grant permission to enforce
under s 12(6) of the IAA was not before me. It is to be addressed at the
merits hearing for the Leave Application. However, given the dearth of both
statutory and judicial guidance on this issue, I make some brief observations
on the issue. For clarity, the possible limitations on the court’s exercise of
discretion under s 12(6) of the IAA discussed below are not jurisdictional
factors to be considered under O 6 r 12(4)(b) of the ROC 2021. Rather, they
are arguments for resisting enforcement of domestic interim measures under s
12(6) of the IAA and O 48 of the ROC 2021.

109 Given Parliament’s exclusion of the s 12(6) regime from the setting aside
and refusal of enforcement mechanisms under the IAA (see [44] and [73] above),
the bar for the court to refuse to grant permission to enforce a domestic
interim measure must necessarily be a high one. In my view, if there are any
limits to the court’s discretion to grant permission to enforce a domestic
interim measure, they are where:

(a) the granting of the interim measure would have been in excess of the
court’s powers;

(b) the enforcement of the interim measure would be against public policy; and

(c) the enforcement application is brought in abuse of process, which the
court always has the inherent power to control.

Excess of the court’s powers

110 Logically, the court cannot grant permission to enforce an interim measure
which it could not itself have granted. Hence, where the granting of the
interim measure would have been in excess of the court’s powers, the court
must refuse permission to enforce it. An example is where the interim measure
calls for the exercise of police powers.

Public policy

111 Public policy is included as a ground for setting aside under Art
34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law and refusal of enforcement of awards under s
31(4)(b) of the IAA and Art 36(1)(b)(ii) of the Model Law. I note the court’s
observation in AJU v AJT [2011] 4 SLR 739 at [37] that there is no difference
between the setting aside and the enforcement regime where the ground of
public policy is concerned. Thus, the case law on public policy in the
enforcement regime is likewise relevant to the setting aside regime: AJU at
[38].

112 In my view, the public policy ground and that same body of case law are
also applicable to the enforcement of domestic interim measures. The travaux
for the Model Law makes clear that the public policy ground is concerned with
“fundamental notions and principles of justice”, rather than state politics or
policies. As the court in PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 597 (“PT Asuransi”) observed at [59]:

As was highlighted in the Commission Report (A/40/17), at para 297 (referred
to in A Guide to the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration: Legislative History and Commentary by Howard M Holtzmann and
Joseph E Neuhaus (Kluwer, 1989) at p 914):

In discussing the term “public policy”, it was understood that it was not
equivalent to the political stance or international policies of a State but
comprised the fundamental notions and principles of justice… It was understood
that the term “public policy”, which was used in the 1958 New York Convention
and many other treaties, covered fundamental principles of law and justice in
substantive as well as procedural respects. Thus, instances such as
corruption, bribery or fraud and similar serious cases would constitute a
ground for setting aside.

[emphasis added]

113 I see no reason why such contravention of “fundamental notions and
principles of justice”, and the body of case law outlining its ambit, should
not also feature in the court’s exercise of its discretion to permit the
enforcement of domestic interim measures.

114 In this regard, the prevailing approach is that the public policy
objection must involve either “exceptional circumstances … which would justify
the court in refusing to enforce the award”, or be a violation of “the most
basic notions of morality and justice: Bloomberry Resorts at [162], citing AJU
at [38]. Similarly, the court in PT Asuransi noted at [59] that:

… the general consensus of judicial and expert opinion is that public policy
under the [IAA] encompasses a narrow scope … it should only operate in
instances where the upholding of an arbitral award would ‘shock the
conscience’ … or is ‘clearly injurious to the public good or … wholly
offensive to the ordinary reasonable and fully informed member of the public’
… or where it violates the forum’s most basic notion of morality and justice …

[emphasis added]

115 In CEB v CEC and another matter [2020] 4 SLR 183 at [50], the Court of
Appeal commented on this holding in PT Asuransi, noting that “[t]hese are
strong words which give effect to the underlying objective that it is only in
circumstances where the effect of an award comes into conflict with accepted
norms of public decency, behaviour, morality and/or justice that the court
should intervene”. The court in CEB noted further that “[t]his will seldom be
the case in commercial disputes”.

116 An example of when the enforcement of an award would be contrary to public
policy would be where the enforcement of the award would mean ignoring the
underlying contract’s “palpable and indisputable illegality”: Westacre
Investments Inc v Jugoimport-SPDR Holding Co Ltd [1999] QB 740 at 767 (cited
in CBX and another v CBZ and others [2020] 5 SLR 184 at [56]). Another (more
specific) example may be found in BAZ. There, the court held (at [180]) that
“it violates Singapore’s most basic notion of justice” to find minors liable
under a contract that was entered into when they were only between three to
eight years old. Thus, the court set aside the arbitral award as it related to
the minors.

Abuse of process

117 The court’s inherent power to regulate its own process in order to prevent
it from being misused is well-established: see Chee Siok Chin and others v
Minister for Home Affairs and another [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 at [31]–[32]. This
power should apply where the enforcement of domestic interim measures is
sought.

118 I note that it is difficult to map the conventional understanding of an
abuse of process onto the enforcement of domestic interim measures. The court
in Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others
[1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 (“Gabriel Peter”) explained (at [22]) that the term “abuse
of process” signifies that the process of the court must be used bona fide and
properly and must not be abused – in this regard, the court would prevent the
improper use of its machinery and prevent the judicial process from being used
as a means of vexation and oppression in the process of litigation. A type of
conduct which constituted an abuse of process was the bringing of an action
for a collateral purpose: Gabriel Peter at [22].

119 However, in the context of applications to enforce a domestic interim
measure, it is difficult to see how such an application could be used “as a
means of vexation and oppression” or “for a collateral purpose”. A tribunal
has necessarily determined that it is appropriate on the merits to order the
domestic interim measure in favour of the applicant. The statutory regime
under s 12(6) of the IAA is specifically intended to aid and facilitate the
enforcement of that domestic interim measure. Indeed, given the legitimate
reasons to seek enforcement in the court of the seat (see [67]–[68] above), it
will be extremely difficult to establish that such an application is an abuse
of process.

120 In any case, there is no need in the present case to explore if
enforcement of the Interim Order would be an abuse of process. The affidavits
filed by the defendants did not allege that the Leave Application was an abuse
of process. As stated above at [13], it was not even the defendant’s case that
this court had no jurisdiction over the Leave Application – the defendants
accepted that it did. The defendant’s affidavits focused entirely on why
Malaysia was the more appropriate forum – there was no allegation of a
collateral purpose or vexatious motive underlying the Leave Application.

Conclusion

121 In the context of the enforcement of domestic interim measures, FNC
considerations do not apply in determining whether this court is the
appropriate court to hear the Leave Applications under O 6 r 12(4)(b) of the
ROC 2021. In any event, I have determined that it is appropriate for this
court to hear the Leave Application. I therefore dismissed the Stay
Applications with costs.

122 I thank counsel for their detailed and helpful submissions.

Hri Kumar Nair  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Liang Hanwen Calvin (Calvin Liang LLC), Yu Kexin (Yu Law) and Lim Wen Juin
(Lin Wenjun) (Rachel Low LLC) for the claimants;

Avinash Vinayak Pradhan, Ching Meng Hang, Divyesh Menon, Natalee Ho Qi Fang
and Timothy James Chong Wen An (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the first and
second defendants;

Sim Chong and Choong Jia Shun (Sim Chong LLC) for the third defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 13 Sep 2023 (13:54 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

