Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the family justice courts of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 47

Youth Court Appeal No 3 of 2023/01

Between

GFN

… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor

… Respondent

Judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Young offenders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
GFN

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2023] SGHCF 47

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Youth Court Appeal No 3
of 2023/01  
Choo Han Teck J  
2 November 2023

6 November 2023

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant will be 17 years old next month. He is appealing against a
sentence of 24 months detention in a Juvenile Rehabilitation Centre (“JRC”).
The sentence was imposed by a District Court judge (“the DJ”) on 7 March 2023
after the appellant was assessed to be unsuitable for probation. The sentence
was made after the appellant pleaded guilty to four charges with six other
charges taken into consideration for sentencing.

2 Mr Ashvin Hariharan (“Mr Ashvin”), counsel for the appellant, is not
challenging the detention order, but he submits that the DJ gave an
excessively long term of detention. He submits that the DJ placed undue weight
on a flawed probation report and a flawed psychiatric report. He therefore
submits that I should order a supplementary probation report, and a
supplementary psychiatric report, and thereafter consider a shorter detention
term.

3 Mr Ashvin submits that the probation report is flawed because the probation
officer had taken maternity leave midway through her investigation when her
supervisor took over and completed the report. I should say at once that this
alone is no evidence of any flaw. The officer signing the report assumes full
responsibility for the accuracy of the report. Only if the report is proven to
be inaccurate can it be said to be flawed. There is one obvious typographical
error though. At page 15, it is reported that the appellant first consumed
alcohol in 2003. He was born in 2006. This is an obvious typographical error.
Some typographical errors may be egregious, some are merely embarrassing. In
this case, even if the date should be 2023 at the latest, the appellant would
still have been an underaged drinker.

4 Mr Ashvin further submits that the probation report is flawed because it
provided no reasons for its conclusion and recommendation that the appellant
reside in the JRC for 24 months. Mr Ashvin argues that under the
“Recommendation” portion of the summary page, no reasons are given to support
the probation officer’s recommendation. I do not accept Mr Ashvin’s
submission. As he himself has observed, the probation officer’s recommendation
is found in the summary page of the report, but the summary page does not
constitute the entire report. Read in full, it is clear that the probation
officer’s recommendation is based on her assessment of the appellant’s “Risk
factors” and “Strengths/Protective factors”, that are in turn based on a
consideration of many other pieces of information relating to the appellant,
such as:

(a) The circumstances surrounding the current offences;

(b) his history of conflict with the law;

(c) his family background;

(d) his history of social and psychological services;

(e) his education;

(f) his employment;

(g) his peers and activities;

(h) his substance use;

(i) his risky behaviours; and

(j) his attitudes and orientation.

5 The report is 21 pages long mainly because of the many instances of the
appellant’s misbehaviour and criminal conduct. The offences for which he
pleaded guilty to, included threatening to kill his 12-year-old sister with a
knife, causing hurt to her by strangulation, threatening a public servant,
(these offences occurred on 6 November 2022), and causing hurt to his mother
on 20 October 2021. All four offences are serious ones, but he had another six
taken into account. Having read the report, I am of the view that the
probation report is comprehensive.

6 Mr Ashvin’s next argument is that the probation report is flawed because it
relied on the report of Dr Tan Da-Vid, a psychiatrist with the Institute of
Mental Health (“IMH”). Counsel’s complaint is that Dr Tan’s report sets out
his opinions and recommendations “without giving reasons”. The DJ had focused
on Dr Tan’s conclusions and formed the view that, “although the IMH
psychiatrist had opined that the [appellant] had ADHD [Attention Deficit
Hyperactivity Disorder] as well as Conduct Disorder, the IMH psychiatrist also
stated that there is no contributory link between his conditions and his
alleged offences”. As such, the DJ took the view that the appellant’s “ADHD
and/or Conduct Disorder did not make probation a more suitable option for
him”. Mr Ashvin argues that the DJ should have rejected the IMH report for its
flaws.

7 The IMH report is a medical report stating the mental state of the patient.
In this report, Dr Tan stated what he had taken into consideration when he
formed his opinion that although the appellant suffers from ADHD, he is not of
unsound mind at the material time of the offences. He had interviewed the
appellant and his father, considered the observations of the Youth Guidance
officers and the report of the investigating officer, and had an interview
with the Head of Department for Student Development of the appellant’s school.
The result of his inquiries led him to his diagnosis. I see nothing wrong with
the methodology or the way his report was written.

8 Finally, I listened to the appellant’s father who made an impassioned speech
that he finds his son a changed person after the few weeks that he had been in
the JRC (7 to 28 November 2022) before he was released on bail. This plea,
sincere as it sounded, is incongruous with the events after the appellant was
sentenced on 7 March 2023 and released on bail. He “reoffended” on 15 July and
17 July 2023 while on bail. Mr Ashvin objected to the prosecution’s reference
to these offences because the appellant had been charged but not yet convicted
of the offences. Counsel referred to PP v Low Ji Qing [2019] 5 SLR 769 (“Low
Ji Qing”) at [40] for the proposition that fresh charges should not be taken
into account for the sentencing of previous convictions. I agree and accept
Low Ji Qing. But that was not a case in which a probation order was in
contemplation (I am mindful that adult offenders may also qualify for
probation). In the present case, the question that Mr Ashvin raised was
whether a fresh probation report is necessary because the current one is
inadequate.

9 Let me first emphasise that I am of the view that this present report is
comprehensive and adequate. I am also of the view that even without the
probation report, the facts of the offences on which the appellant was
convicted, taken together with the other six, were sufficient to warrant a
sentence of 24 months detention in a JRC. The probation report reinforced the
DJ’s decision. But let me now return to Mr Ashvin’s call for a fresh report.
If I were to agree, the probation officer has to investigate the circumstances
up-to-date, and that means she has to inquire into the incidents that occurred
on 15 and 17 July 2023 — precisely the matters Mr Ashvin tells me to ignore
when they were brought up by the learned DPP, Ms Emily Koh.

10 There is a difference between considering fresh charges after the fact for
the purposes of sentencing the previous convictions, and noting incidents that
led to police action. Neither the probation officer nor this court need to
consider what new charges the appellant is facing, but we would be remiss if
we were to ignore incidents that had occurred after his release that may be
relevant to the suitability of probation. It will not be a matter of merely
correcting a typographical error — counsel would have shot himself in the foot
had a new probation report been called. It is possible, as counsel argued,
that a new report might lead to a shorter term of detention. I doubt it. Given
the circumstances, the appellant may, more likely, receive a longer term.

11 For the above reasons, this appeal is dismissed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Ashvin Hariharan (I.R.B. Law LLP) for the Appellant;

Emily Koh and Gail Wong (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Nov 2023 (11:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

