Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 211

Suit No 118 of 2021

Between

| Elcarim Science Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Zhang Yongtai  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Counterclaim of the defendant

Between

| Zhang Yongtai  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

(1)| Elcarim Science Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Dou Suoke  
  
… Defendants in counterclaim

judgment

[Companies — Directors — Duties]

[Companies — Directors — Removal]

[Companies — Directors — Remuneration]

[Companies — Capital — Share capital]

[Companies — Shares — Transfer]

[Contract — Breach]

[Contract — Formation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Elcarim Science Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Zhang Yongtai

[2023] SGHC 211

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 118 of 2021  
Hri Kumar Nair J  
3, 7–10, 14–17, 20, 23, 24, 27–31 March 2023, 26 May 2023

15 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

Hri Kumar Nair J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns the aftermath of the fallout between partners of a small
business in 2015. The facts are unremarkable, the only distinction being the
lack of candour and honesty of the principal witnesses and the failure by both
sides to call as witness the one person who could have shed light on most of
the issues.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

2 Elcarim Science Pte Ltd (“Elcarim”) is a company incorporated in Singapore
involved in scientific research and development, as well as the supply of
products within the security industry in Singapore and overseas. Its sole
shareholder is Dou Suoke (“Dou”), a Chinese national, who is currently also
its director and chief technology officer. Zhang Yongtai (“Zhang”), a
Singaporean, was previously a director and shareholder of Elcarim.

3 Dou is also the owner and/or directing mind of two foreign companies, Future
Digital Science Ltd (“FDS”) and Ultra-Array HK Technology Limited (“UAT”),
which feature heavily in this dispute.

Background to the dispute

4 Elcarim was incorporated on 7 August 2012 pursuant to an agreement between
Zhang and Dou, the terms of which are disputed. In the beginning, Zhang was
Elcarim’s sole director, responsible for its day-to-day management. Dou
participated in some decision-making and contributed capital to Elcarim. Zhang
held all the shares in Elcarim in his name, with half on trust for Dou. On 1
December 2014, Pang Theng Kin (“Pang”) was also appointed a director of
Elcarim. Pang is an accountant known to Zhang and, prior to his appointment as
director, was Elcarim’s finance manager and corporate secretary. On 1 December
2014, on Dou’s instructions, the shares Zhang held on trust for Dou were
transferred to Pang to hold on trust for Dou.

5 Elcarim terminated Zhang’s employment without notice on 10 June 2015. Dou
also caused Zhang’s shares in Elcarim to be transferred to himself. Almost six
years later, Elcarim commenced this action seeking damages against Zhang,
pleading various breaches of his duties as director. Zhang brought a
counterclaim against Elcarim, Dou and Pang for moneys he alleged were owed to
him by Elcarim and the wrongful transfer of his shares. Prior to the trial,
Zhang and Pang mediated their dispute and reached a settlement, the terms of
which were not disclosed. Pang thereafter did not participate in this action,
and none of the parties called him as a witness.

The parties’ cases

6 The claim and counterclaim raise several causes of action, which I deal with
in detail below. I provide a summary here.

Elcarim’s claim against Zhang

7 Elcarim advanced three causes of action against Zhang.

8 First, Zhang twice breached his duties by failing to procure the necessary
permits for the export of restricted equipment by Elcarim around 2 February
2015 and 9 June 2015, as required by Strategic Goods (Control) Act (Cap 300,
2003 Rev Ed) (the “SGCA”). This resulted in Elcarim being convicted on two
charges: (a) charge no.: DSC-900002-2021; and (b) charge no.: DSC-900003-2021)
(the “SGCA Charges”) and being fined a total of $20,000.

9 Second, Zhang misused Elcarim’s funds amounting to $58,288 to repay his
personal bank loan.

10 Third, Zhang breached his duties by placing three personal acquaintances,
including his wife, on Elcarim’s payroll and paying them $86,255, even though
they did not do any work for Elcarim.

11 Zhang denies that he was involved in the export of the goods that gave rise
to the SGCA Charges. He also denies misusing Elcarim’s funds to repay a
personal term loan; he claims the said loan was taken out with Dou’s agreement
to help Elcarim with its cash-flow issues. The loan proceeds were deposited
into Elcarim’s bank account, and he then arranged for Elcarim to make most of
the loan repayments. Finally, he claims that the three individuals were
employed with Dou’s agreement and they did, in fact, do work for Elcarim.

Zhang’s claims against Elcarim and Dou

12 Zhang’s claim deals with four separate matters.

13 First, Elcarim failed to pay Zhang three months’ salary in lieu of notice
in respect of his termination, amounting to $54,000.

14 Second, Elcarim failed to pay Zhang the sums of $18,850 and $8568.36, being
his outstanding salary and Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) contributions for
the periods of May 2015 and 1–10 June 2015, respectively.

15 Third, Elcarim failed to pay Zhang a sum of $685,539, being the aggregate
sum of loans extended by Zhang to Elcarim as at 30 September 2013 and which
has been admitted by Elcarim.

16 Finally, a claim against Dou for delivery up or damages for his loss of
shares in Elcarim; Zhang says that the transfer of his 50% shareholding in
Elcarim (the “Shares”) to Dou was unlawful as it was made without his consent.

17 Elcarim’s position is that Zhang’s written employment agreement was
fabricated and the three-month notice period for termination provided therein
is therefore ineffective. It also disputes that Zhang’s monthly salary was
$18,000 when he was terminated. It further claims that Zhang had been paid his
salary and CPF contribution for May 2015 and 1–10 June 2015. Elcarim denies
that it owes $685,539 to Zhang.

18 Elcarim and Dou plead that the transfer of the Shares to Dou (the “Share
Transfer”) was lawful as it was done pursuant to the exercise by Dou of his
rights under a share pledge agreement between Zhang and Dou (the “SPA”).

Issue 1: the SGCA charges

Elcarim’s case

19 Elcarim’s case is that Zhang breached his duties as a director of Elcarim
by “failing and/or refusing and/or neglecting to procure [Elcarim’s
application] for the permit for strategic goods required under the SGCA”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 10.

Zhang oversaw the shipping and receiving of goods by Elcarim, and it was
within his responsibilities to ensure that appropriate permits, including
those required under the SGCA, were obtained before any goods were shipped or
received. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 7.

Elcarim pleads that, prior to exporting certain restricted equipment around 2
February 2015, Zhang failed, refused or neglected to apply for or procure
Elcarim to apply for the necessary permit, causing Elcarim to commit an
offence under s 5(1) SGCA. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 10(d).

In addition, prior to exporting certain restricted equipment around 9 June
2015, Zhang failed, refused or neglected to apply for or procure Elcarim to
apply for the necessary permit, causing Elcarim to commit an offence under s
5(1) SGCA 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 11(e).

(the equipment that are the subject of the two charges will hereinafter be
referred to as the “SGCA Goods”).

20 It is Elcarim’s evidence that Zhang was directly involved in the shipment
of the SGCA Goods, and, furthermore, the purchase orders in respect of the
SGCA Goods (the “SGCA Purchase Orders”) were addressed to him. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 42 lines 14–24;
3AB at pp 889–891.

In addition, prior to the export of the SGCA Goods, Zhang had told Dou that
permits were not necessary for all of Elcarim’s products. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 4 / 9 March 2023) at p 17 line 28 – p 18
line 18.

In any event, Zhang was in charge of Elcarim’s operations in Singapore and was
under a duty to ensure that all laws and regulations were observed, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 86.

including to ensure that the necessary permits were obtained. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 4 / 9 March 2023) at p 17 lines 24–27.

Zhang’s case

21 Zhang’s case is that the goods he was involved in exporting did not require
an export permit 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 9.

and, more particularly, he neither participated in nor had knowledge of the
SGCA Purchase Orders. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 11.

22 Zhang’s evidence is that he was responsible for applying for permits only
in respect of the goods he was exporting. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 41 lines 24–27.

Zhang claims that from about 2014, he was responsible for purchases made by
Elcarim and thus would not have processed purchase orders from customers,
including the SGCA Purchase Orders. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 42 lines 24–28,
p 43 lines 5 and 6.

Instead, that fell within Pang’s purview. At the material time, Pang was also
involved in the logistics and operations of Elcarim. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 41 lines 28–30;
Zhang’s AEIC at paras 69 and 70.

Whether Zhang was responsible for obtaining permits for the SGCA Goods

23 I find there is insufficient evidence to hold Zhang responsible for the
SCGA Charges.

24 First, Elcarim led no direct evidence that Zhang was personally involved in
the transactions concerning the SGCA Goods. Crucially, it also did not produce
any documents relating to the export of the SGCA Goods, although such
documents would have been in the possession or control of Elcarim or FDS (the
purchaser of the SGCA Goods), and could not show any documentary evidence of
Zhang’s involvement in the exports. Dou’s evidence was unhelpful as he had no
personal knowledge of Zhang’s involvement with the SGCA Purchase Orders and
the SGCA Goods. Dou claimed otherwise, but when challenged, he merely repeated
his assertions regarding what Zhang was purportedly aware of, what Zhang was
responsible for, Zhang’s failure to inform him that there were restrictions on
the SGCA Goods and an irrelevant account of his experience providing a
statement to Singapore Customs. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 77 line 23 – p 78
line 5.

I also note that this is consistent with Elcarim’s case that Dou’s role was
limited to providing funds and building clientele, and later the marketing and
technological aspects of the business, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 18 and 19.

and not the management, administration 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 21.

and day-to-day running of Elcarim. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 19.

25 Second, Zhang’s case is that Pang was responsible for the export of the
SGCA Goods. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 10 and 12; Zhang’s XX /
Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 42 lines 24–28, p 43 lines 5
and 6.

Elcarim chose not to call Pang to deal with that assertion, without explaining
their reasons. It is not its case that Pang was not available to give
evidence.

26 Instead, Elcarim called a former employee, Ms Chen Xiao Lan (“Ms Chen”),
but her evidence was of limited utility. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 264–266; Zhang’s
Written Closing Submissions at paras 238 and 242.

Ms Chen testified that Zhang was responsible for dealing with the logistics of
importing and exporting goods into and out of Elcarim 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ms Chen’s SAEIC at para 7.

and that she and Zhang were the only persons who did this. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ms Chen’s SAEIC at para 12.

It was only after Zhang’s departure in June 2015 that Pang took over the
logistics role 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ms Chen’s SAEIC at paras 12 and 14; Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March
2023) at p 20 lines 3–5.

and, prior to that, she was not aware if Pang was involved in that role. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Ms Chen’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 7 lines
14–16.

Ms Chen was employed between 18 March 2015 and July 2015, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at para 1.

which coincides only with the export of the SCGA Goods in the second charge.
Given further that the purchase orders were dated 24 August 2014 and 1
December 2014, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 87(a).

for much of the intervening period before the export of the SGCA Goods, Ms
Chen was not in Elcarim’s employment. In fact, Ms Chen testified that she did
not know anything about the SGCA Charges or the transactions underlying them.
26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Ms Chen’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 15 lines
17–30.

Ms Chen also could not, and did not, speak to how Zhang and Pang had allocated
duties between themselves.

27 I note that the distinction Zhang made at trial between the issuance and
processing of purchase orders is not made in his AEIC, and this raises doubts
about his assertion that he was, therefore, not responsible for handling the
SGCA Purchase Orders. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 267.

I also note that Zhang states in his AEIC that Pang had started handling
“purchasing aspects of Elcarim[’s] ... business” and also mentions that Pang
was involved with a supplier, Selex – presumably referring to SELEX Galileo
Infrared Ltd (“Selex”). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 69.

This is inconsistent with Zhang’s evidence that he, not Pang, handled the
issuance of purchase orders to suppliers. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 42 lines 24–28,
p 43 lines 5 and 6. See also Zhang’s AEIC at paras 69 and 70; Zhang’s XX /
Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 44 lines 11–17.

Nonetheless, while Zhang’s evidence is unsatisfactory, Elcarim has not met its
burden of proof. In the absence of clear documentary or testimonial evidence
that Zhang was personally involved in the export of the SCGA Goods, Elcarim’s
claim does not get off the ground. There is no evidence of sufficient probity
to refute Zhang’s contention that the SGCA Purchase Orders were handled by
Pang. In this regard, it was also Dou’s evidence that Pang had been involved
in the export of the SCGA Goods together with Zhang. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 256; Dou’s XX / Certified
Transcript (Day 4 / 9 March 2023) at p 7 lines 23–25.

This is fortified by the fact that Pang was prosecuted and convicted for the
SCGA Offences and other similar offences.

28 Elcarim refers to the fact that relevant “delivery orders submitted by
FDS”, referring to the SGCA Purchase Orders, were marked for the attention of
“Mr Tiger”, which is Zhang’s nickname. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 262; 3AB at pp 889–891.

But this does not prove that he was responsible for processing the orders and
obtaining permits for the export of the SGCA Goods.

29 Elcarim nonetheless argues that even if Zhang was not personally involved
in the SGCA Goods, he was ultimately responsible as he oversaw Elcarim’s
operations at the material time. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 263.

But Zhang cannot be responsible for what he did not know about. Further, Pang
was also a director at the time arrangements for the export of the SGCA Goods
were made. As stated above, it is Zhang’s evidence that Pang was overseeing
the export of the SGCA Goods, and no evidence was led that Elcarim’s internal
process was such that Zhang must or should have known about the exports in
question. Dou’s evidence that “everything was handled by… Zhang” 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 4 / 9 March 2023) at p 7 line 10.

was based on Zhang being “the sole legal person of the company” and had been
in correspondence with Singapore Customs. This does not, however, address the
issue of who dealt with the SGCA Goods. There is therefore insufficient
evidence to support the claim that the SCGA Charges were a result of Zhang
acting in breach of his duties to Elcarim.

30 Elcarim submits that Zhang is still liable for breach of his duties as a
director to Elcarim “even if [he] was not aware and/or involved [with the SGCA
Goods]”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 274.

This is, however, not pleaded. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 264.

I disagree with Elcarim that it suffices to plead that Zhang owed Elcarim a
duty to “act bona fide and in good faith in the interest of [Elcarim]” and
“use reasonable diligence in the discharge of his duties as director” 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at para 63; Zhang’s
Written Reply Closing Submissions at para 73.

. It is uncontroversial that Zhang owed such general duties to Elcarim – but
Elcarim must plead and prove what his specific duties were, how he had acted
in breach of those duties and how that breach caused Elcarim loss in relation
to the SCGA Offences. In this regard, Elcarim’s pleaded case is that Zhang
failed, refused or neglected to apply for or procure Elcarim to apply for the
necessary permits. For the reasons above, the evidence is insufficient to
establish this.

31 I therefore dismiss this claim against Zhang.

Issue 2: the ANZ loan

Elcarim’s case

32 Elcarim’s case is that Zhang had “breached his duties to [Elcarim] and/or
acted in fraudulent breach of trust” by misusing $58,288 of Elcarim’s funds to
pay his personal term loan with Australian and New Zealand Banking Group (“ANZ
Bank”) under account number [xxxx xxxx 01] (the “ANZ Loan Account” and the
“ANZ Loan”). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 13.

It asserts that Zhang had “caused and/or procured” Elcarim’s issuance of 16
cheques, each for the sum of $3,643.00 “to [Zhang] and/or directly to ANZ
Bank”, despite “knowing and/or being reckless” to the fact that there was no
agreement or basis for Elcarim to pay “[Zhang] and/or ANZ Bank” and Elcarim
had no interest or benefit in repaying the ANZ Loan. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at paras 13(a) and 13(b).

33 Elcarim’s evidence is that Zhang had taken out the ANZ Loan, made Elcarim a
guarantor in respect of it, and used Elcarim’s funds to make the loan
repayments. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 92 and 93.

It is undisputed that the ANZ Loan was taken in Zhang’s name and $58,288 of
Elcarim’s funds was used towards its repayment. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 94–97, Tabs 48–50; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day
9 / 17 March 2023) at p 2 line 23.

34 Dou claimed that he only came to know about the ANZ Loan around June 2014,
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 92.

and only found out that Zhang had made Elcarim a guarantor after Zhang’s
departure on 10 June 2015. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 92 and 93.

Zhang’s case

35 Zhang’s case is that Dou asked him in July 2013 to apply for personal bank
loans to help Elcarim with its cash flow, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Zhang’s AEIC at paras 36–38.

since Dou had not provided capital as agreed. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 38.

Their agreement, reached over a phone conversation and without documentary
evidence, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 56 line 25, p
65 line 6.

was for Zhang to take out a personal loan and then lend the money to Elcarim.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 56 lines 21, 22
and 25.

Zhang’s evidence is that Elcarim would not have been able to obtain a loan in
its own name since it had an unhealthy cash flow position. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 56 line 29 – p
57 line 3, p 57 line 29 – p 58 line 2, p 70 lines 7, 10–15.

36 Zhang secured the ANZ Loan and deposited the loan proceeds of $60,000 into
Elcarim’s OCBC account number [xxxx xxxx 2001] (“Elcarim’s OCBC Account”). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 39 and Tab ZYT-18; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day
8 / 16 March 2023) at p 58 lines 15–19.

This deposit was also recorded as a part of Zhang’s loans to Elcarim in
Elcarim’s general ledger for 2013 (“GL2013”). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 40.

37 Zhang testified that he made the monthly repayments himself for the first
six months, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 41; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March
2023) at p 6 lines 12–17. See also Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023)
at p 31 lines 2–5.

after which Dou instructed him to have Elcarim make the remaining repayments.
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 4 lines 25–28,
p 6 lines 14–17.

38 Zhang further pleads that since Elcarim had possession of the ANZ Bank
statements and the financial statements and accounts of Elcarim, it was aware
of and had consented to Zhang taking out the ANZ Loan. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 17B.

39 Elcarim denies that Zhang deposited the loan proceeds of $60,000 into
Elcarim’s OCBC Account. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 31A;
Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 29 lines 28–32, p 111 lines
14–16, p 112 lines 27 and 28, p 113 lines 1 and 2.

Elcarim claimed Zhang took the ANZ Loan to complete the purchase of his
property, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 80 lines 8–11.

as he had insufficient cash. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 50 line 21, p
52 lines 26–28.

Elcarim further asserts that Zhang had promised to return to Elcarim the funds
he had used for repayment, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 92.

but failed to do so. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 93.

Whether the ANZ Loan was deposited in Elcarim’s account

40 It is not disputed that Zhang applied for and obtained the ANZ Loan in his
own name. The first and most important question is: how were the loan proceeds
applied?

41 The ANZ Loan comprised two separate loans: a loan of $30,000 for one year
with an interest rate of 5.8% per annum (the “One-Year Loan”) and a second
loan of $30,000 for three years with an interest rate of 6.6% per annum (the
“Three-Year Loan”). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 17A(b).

Based on the loan documents issued by ANZ Bank, the loans were made to Zhang
and disbursed on 22 July 2013. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

3AB at p 1094.

The July 2013 statement of account for Elcarim’s OCBC Account reflects a
deposit of $60,000 on 23 July 2013. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 39; Zhang’s AEIC at Tab ZYT-18.

This supports Zhang’s evidence that he had deposited the loan proceeds with
Elcarim, and therefore his case that he had taken the ANZ Loan for Elcarim’s
benefit.

42 When shown the ANZ Loan Account statements, Dou agreed that these were
documents issued by ANZ Bank “in relation to [Zhang’s] personal loan”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 113 lines 8–23.

He added, however, that he did not himself see the loan agreement between
Zhang and ANZ Bank, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 113 line 26. See
also p 111 lines 14–16 and p 112 lines 29 and 30.

and that he had been told that the loan taken out by Zhang from ANZ Bank was
for $80,000 instead; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 114 lines 6–14.

he later conceded that he was not sure. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 115 lines 6–21.

Dou’s refusal to seriously consider the documentary evidence produced by Zhang
only undermines Dou’s credibility.

43 Elcarim’s attempts to cast doubt on the clear documentary evidence bordered
on the desperate. First, Elcarim says that it was not necessary for the ANZ
Loan to have been taken out in two separate tranches of $30,000 each, with
different tenures and different interest rates. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 66 lines 6–8.

It also argues that because the ANZ Loan Account statement states that the
term loan had a start date of “22 Jul 2013”, end date of “08 Jul 2014” and
interest rate of “5.8000% p.a.”, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

3AB at p 1094.

only the One-Year Loan was obtained on 22 July 2013 and the Three-Year Loan
must have been obtained at some other time. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 61 lines 1–3, p
62 lines 29–31.

However, the same document suggests that both $30,000 loans were taken out at
about the same time. The second page of the ANZ Loan Account statements dated
7 February 2014, 7 March 2014, 7 April 2014, 7 May 2014 and 8 June 2014, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

3AB at pp 1095, 1097, 1099, 1101 and 1103.

refer to both the One-Year Loan, “$30,000 INTEREST AT 5.8%PA LOAN ON 1 YEAR
TENURE”, and the Three-Year Loan “$30,000 INTEREST AT 6.6%PA LOAN ON 3 YEAR
TENURE”. At the trial, Elcarim conceded that the Three-Year Loan was probably
taken out in June 2013, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 64 line 30 – p
65 line 2.

which is close to 22 July 2013, the date on which Elcarim accepts the One-Year
Loan commenced. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 59 lines 14–16.

44 I accept Zhang’s evidence that he took out both loans on 22 July 2013, and
the loan moneys were deposited into his personal account on the same day. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 60 lines 20–27,
p 64 lines 1–6, p 64 line 30 – p 65 line 3.

I also accept Zhang’s explanation that he took out two loans in different
tranches, with different interest rates and tenures, because he was not
certain of Elcarim’s cash flow position and wanted flexibility in repayment.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 66 lines 9–14.

45 More importantly, Elcarim does not offer any evidence as to the alternative
source of the $60,000 deposited in Elcarim’s OCBC Account. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Zhang’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at para 76.

It is insufficient for Elcarim to merely disagree with Zhang’s case, ignore
the documentary evidence or diminish their significance by stating that it did
not have sight of the documents around the time it was created.

46 Zhang also testified that Pang knew about him paying the loan moneys into
Elcarim’s bank account 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 1 lines 19–21,
24–26.

and that Elcarim was paying the instalments to ANZ Bank since Pang prepared at
least 14 of the cheques. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 4 lines 11–14.

Elcarim did not call Pang to rebut this.

47 I therefore find that Zhang had deposited the ANZ Loan proceeds into
Elcarim’s OCBC Bank Account.

Whether the ANZ Loan was taken out for Elcarim’s benefit

48 Elcarim’s case is that the ANZ Loan was taken out by Zhang to fund the
purchase of his own property and, accordingly, not for Elcarim’s benefit. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 80 lines 8–14.

Given my finding above, I reject this assertion. I also find that the ANZ Loan
was taken out for Elcarim’s benefit.

49 First, the fact that Zhang immediately deposited the ANZ Loan proceeds into
Elcarim’s OCBC Account suggests that they were intended for Elcarim’s use.
Elcarim has not offered any other reason for Zhang to have done this.

50 Indeed, the evidence suggests that the ANZ Loan was prompted by Elcarim’s
cash flow position. In this regard, I accept Zhang’s evidence that Elcarim
would have difficulty borrowing money on its own given that (a) it was a new
business, having been incorporated less than a year prior, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 56 line 29 – p
57 line 2.

and had an insignificant track record; 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 70 lines 10 and
11.

and (b) its bank account balance was very low, which suggested an unhealthy
cash flow situation. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 70 lines 11–13.

This is evident from the fact that before the deposit of $60,000 on 23 July
2013, Elcarim only had $44.81 in Elcarim’s OCBC Bank Account. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

2AB at p 585; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 15
line 19.

51 It is also not Elcarim’s case that the $60,000 deposited in Elcarim’s OCBC
Bank Account was used for purposes unrelated to Elcarim’s business. Elcarim’s
case is premised on Zhang using Elcarim’s moneys to pay a personal loan he had
taken for his own benefit, which was clearly not the case.

Whether Zhang took out the ANZ Loan on Dou’s instruction

52 Given my findings above, it is not necessary for me to determine whether
Zhang took out the ANZ Loan on Dou’s instructions. Dou did state that he had
on previous occasions asked Zhang to borrow from Zhang’s friends when Elcarim
faced cash flow problems, 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 111 lines 2–11;
Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 79 lines 2–18;
Dou’s REX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 85 lines 3–6,
18, 25, 26; 3AB at p 803.

but that the ANZ Loan was not one such instance. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 111 lines 9–11.

In any event, I make the following observations.

53 Dou’s evidence is not satisfactory, which casts doubt on his credibility in
so far as he claims that he had neither instructed nor agreed for Zhang to
obtain loans for the benefit of Elcarim:

(a) Dou did not give consistent evidence about when and how he found out about
the ANZ loan: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 285 and 297.

at varying points he stated that (i) in June 2014, Pang had informed him that
Zhang had taken out the ANZ Loan; 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 92; see also Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7
March 2023) at p 22 line 16.

(ii) it was only after Zhang had been terminated in June 2015 that Dou
realised Zhang had taken out the ANZ Loan; 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 115 lines 8 and 9.

(iii) Zhang had informed Dou of the ANZ Loan before Zhang was terminated; 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 112 lines 9 and
10.

and (iv) Zhang had informed Dou of the ANZ Loan upon Zhang’s termination. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 111 lines 28 and
29, p 112 lines 7–18.

(b) Dou repeatedly insisted that Elcarim had guaranteed the ANZ Loan, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 92; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023)
at p 112 lines 1–3, 7, 8, 16–18, 19–21.

when it had not. He claimed Pang informed him of the guarantee. I find that
evidence incredible. Whether Elcarim had guaranteed the ANZ Loan was something
Dou could have easily and independently ascertained, but it appears that Dou
took no steps to verify this 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 20 line 8.

even after bringing this action against Zhang.

(c) Dou also gave inconsistent evidence on when he allegedly found out that
Elcarim was a guarantor for the ANZ Loan: Dou initially stated that he found
out that Elcarim was a guarantor only after Zhang’s termination 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Dou's AEIC at para 93; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023)
at p 111 line 32, p 112 lines 1-3, 7-9; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2
/ 7 March 2023) at p 20 lines 5 and 6.

but later testified that he found out in November or December 2014. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 22 lines 16–18, p
23 lines 14–19.

(d) Further, having testified that he found out in November or December 2014
that Elcarim was a guarantor and was paying for the ANZ Loan, 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 22 lines 16–18, p
23 lines 14–19.

Dou claimed he only instructed Elcarim to stop paying the instalments in 2015.
93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 23 lines 18–22.
(Elcarim did not eventually stop paying instalments for the ANZ Loan.)

54 The evidence is clear that Zhang had deposited the proceeds of the ANZ Loan
into Elcarim’s OCBC Bank Account for Elcarim’s use. Zhang paid the first six
monthly instalments before Elcarim continued the repayments and paid a total
of $58,288. Zhang did not keep this a secret – the repayments were made with
the knowledge of Pang.

55 I therefore dismiss Elcarim’s claim that Zhang misused Elcarim’s funds to
pay $58,288 for his personal term loan. I address the ANZ Loan again when
considering Zhang’s counterclaim. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 68 line 31, p
69 lines 2–9.

Issue 3: the three employees

Elcarim’s case

56 Elcarim’s case is that Zhang had placed three individuals, Feng Xue Min
(“Ms Feng”), Yu De Jun and Yu Meng Shi (the “Three Employees”), on Elcarim’s
payroll even though they did no work for Elcarim, and thereby wrongfully
caused Elcarim to pay a total of $86,255 in salaries, bonuses and CPF
contributions. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 14.

Ms Feng is Zhang’s wife and the other two are personally known to him. Zhang
therefore “fraudulently breached his duties to [Elcarim] and/or acted in
fraudulent breach of trust to [Elcarim]”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 14.

57 Dou testified that he understood from Zhang that Elcarim needed to employ
more Singaporeans in order to employ foreigners, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 36 line 2.

and approved Zhang’s hiring the Three Employees to undertake marketing, web
design and translation work for Elcarim, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 99; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023)
at p 36 lines 21–26, p 37 lines 25 and 26.

albeit that he did not know their identities until sometime in October or
November 2014. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 36 lines 27 and
28.

According to Dou, whose evidence was not challenged, Zhang recommended that Ms
Feng take the post as a Human Resource Manager. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 36 lines 21–23.

As for the other two, Zhang recommended that they do marketing for Elcarim as
their English was good and they were familiar with Singapore. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 36 lines 23–29.

Dou left the matter to Zhang and never met the Three Employees. The issue
arose when the Ministry of Manpower made inquiries in May 2021 when looking
into a complaint concerning Elcarim’s failure to pay CPF contributions for
some of its employees. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 101; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023)
at p 37 lines 3–9.

This prompted Dou to go through Elcarim’s records, whereupon he realised that
there were no records in relation to the Three Employees. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 101.

58 Elcarim’s evidence is that the Three Employees did not do any work for
Elcarim since (a) there was no record of their designations or roles in
Elcarim, employment contracts or email addresses on Elcarim’s server, or any
records of emails sent by the Three Employees in relation to Elcarim’s work;
104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 101.

and (b) Dou 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 101.

and Elcarim’s other employees, Ms Chen and Mr Chang Yuliang (“Mr Chang”) 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at paras 5 and 6; Mr Chang’s AEIC at paras 5 and 6; Mr Chang’s
XX / Certified Transcript (Day 6 / 14 March 2023) at p 39 lines 28 and 21, p
40 lines 6–8, p 43 lines 5, 9 and 13; Ms Chen’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day
16 / 30 March 2023) at p 9 lines 29 and 30, p 10 lines 13, 16 and 19.

testified that they had not seen the Three Employees at Elcarim’s office or
perform work for Elcarim or at social events.

59 Elcarim adduced evidence that it had paid moneys to the Three Employees by
way of CPF statements, salary vouchers and cheque stubs. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Dou’s AEIC at Tabs 51, 52 and 53.

Zhang’s case

60 Zhang’s case is that Dou had instructed him to hire the Three Employees 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 17D.

to increase the headcount of Singaporean employees 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 17D(a).

so that Elcarim would be able to hire more Chinese employees. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 17D(b).

He also avers that the payments to the Three Employees were set off against
his personal commissions, and so, Elcarim did not suffer a loss. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 17D(c).

Zhang further pleads that even if he is found to be in breach of his duties,
he is entitled to relief under “section 391 of the Companies Act to be excused
for any negligence, default or breach of duty which the Court may otherwise
find [him] liable for”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 17F.

(Zhang also pleaded a defence of “laches and/or acquiescence” 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 17G.

but withdrew this in his opening statement. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement at para 42.

)

61 To be clear, Zhang accepts that it would be improper and in breach of his
duties for him to have “phantom” employees on Elcarim’s payroll. It is his
case that the Three Employees did, in fact, do work for Elcarim. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at pp 35 and 36.

Whether the Three Employees did work for Elcarim

62 I find that the Three Employees did not carry out any work for Elcarim, and
Zhang breached his duties by including them on Elcarim’s payroll and causing
Elcarim to make payments to them.

63 First, the Three Employees were not called to give evidence, and there was
no explanation for their absence. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 298 and 299.

There was, therefore, no direct evidence (save for Zhang’s oral testimony) as
to what work they performed for Elcarim.

64 Second, there were no documents evidencing the terms of employment of, or
any work done by, the Three Employees. Dou’s evidence that there were no
employment contracts for the Three Employees 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 101.

was not challenged by Zhang, who also did not give evidence that he had
approved such contracts. This absence is telling, given that Zhang was
responsible for approving employment contracts, and such contracts were
produced for other employees. Further, no documents were produced which
reflected their involvement in Elcarim’s operations – Zhang accepted there was
no documentary evidence of the work done by Yu Meng Shi and Yu De Jun. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 58 lines 16 and
17.

None of the Three Employees also had an Elcarim email account. I note that
Zhang left Elcarim in June 2015 and would probably not have access to its
documents when preparing for this action. Nonetheless, he was able to produce
numerous other documents in relation to Elcarim in these proceedings. He also
does not claim that such documents do, in fact, exist but have not been
produced by Elcarim (choosing only to do so in his closing submissions), 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 306.

and instead accepts that there is no documentary evidence of their work. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 53 line 15.

In fact, he advances a further argument that “[n]ot every employee’s work
required written correspondence” 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 53 line 19.

and “although they were not doing the so-called regular work with
documentation to evidence that, but they did assist the company”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 12 / 24 March 2023) at p 9 lines 8–13.

I find it highly implausible that the Three Employees had performed work for
Elcarim for several months with no record or documentation of any of the work
done. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 288; Zhang’s Written
Closing Submissions at para 307.

65 Zhang submits that Elcarim has implicitly admitted that Ms Feng did some
work for Elcarim, on the basis that some of Elcarim’s CPF documents showed CPF
contributions being paid to Ms Feng for November 2012, December 2012, and
January 2013. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

1AB at p 260; 1AB at p 271; 1AB at p 269.

I note that Elcarim’s claim is in respect of payments made for the period
October 2014 to April 2015 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 14(a).

More importantly, given that Zhang was effectively running Elcarim at the time
of the aforesaid CPF contributions, the payments would have been authorised by
Zhang, and therefore do not assist his case.

66 Third, and significantly, in his AEIC, Zhang gave no details of the Three
Employees: what their qualifications were, how he came to select and hire them
or the details of the work they did. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 285.

He must have known such details would be important, particularly given the
pleaded case against him and the complete absence of documents. This omission
is telling. Zhang attempted to make up for this deficiency in his cross-
examination, where he testified that (a) Yu Meng Shi was a “polytechnic
precision engineer” with “ACCA accreditation” or “[a]ccounting knowledge” 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 55 lines 21 and
22, p 56 lines 12–13; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 12 / 24 March
2023) at p 9 lines 18 and 19.

who gave Zhang suggestions on how to manage Elcarim’s costs; 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 56 lines 13–15,
p 57 lines 3–7.

(b) Ms Feng has a bachelor’s and master’s degree in business administration
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 12 / 24 March 2023) at p 9 lines 16–18.

and effectively acted as his personal assistant and assisted him on
administrative matters such as applying for visas, booking accommodation and
purchasing air tickets for Dou and Elcarim employees; 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 53 lines 23–29.

and (c) Yu De Jun was a successful businessman who has a bachelor’s degree in
engineering and a master’s degree in business administration, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 12 / 24 March 2023) at p 8 lines 21 and
22.

on whom Zhang relied on for advice from time to time. But he provided no
documentary or other evidence supporting these belated assertions. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 287.

Further, his account of what Yu Meng Shi and Yu De Jun did was completely
bereft of any meaningful details.

67 With respect to Yu Meng Shi, Zhang pointed to a fall in Elcarim’s gross
profit margin, from about 25% in 2014 to around 12% in 2015, after Zhang left.
133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 56 lines 19–26,
29–32, p 57 lines 11, 12, 31, 32, p 58 lines 1 and 2.

He says this was evidence of his acting on suggestions from Yu Meng Shi on
managing costs when Zhang was managing Elcarim. He stated that “[t]o [him],
that is documentary evidence of their work.” 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 58 line 19 and
20.

I do not accept this evidence – a fall in gross profit margins could be
attributed to numerous factors, and Zhang gave no details of the cost-cutting
measures put in place with the help of Yu Meng Shi. It was clear that Zhang
was simply making up his evidence in the box. Zhang’s evidence concerning the
work done by Yu De Jun was that it consisted of weekly phone calls between
them and when Yu De Jun was in Singapore, they would “either meet up, chit-
chat or meet in office to talk about the issues”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 12 / 24 March 2023) at p 9 lines 3–6.

Even if true, it is difficult to see how this justifies Yu De Jun receiving a
monthly salary of $4000. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 14(b); Dou’s AEIC at para 100(b).

More importantly, Zhang was not able to point to anything specific Yu De Jun
did. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 291.

Zhang was similarly unable to produce documentary evidence of the work done by
Ms Feng. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 289.

While he referred to the GL2013 to point out that bookings at Grand Beach
Hotel, Riverview Hotel and Hotel 81 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 54 lines 3, 21
and 22; 1AB at p 72.

and visa processing fees recorded in GL2013 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 54 lines 24, 25
and 31; 1AB at pp 85 and 86.

for visa applications were allegedly made by Ms Feng, the document does no
more than reflect the amounts Elcarim incurred. Again, these were all
unsupported assertions made by Zhang for the first time under cross-
examination. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 55 lines 2–17.

68 Furthermore, the work Zhang claimed the Three Employees did was not
consistent with Dou’s unchallenged evidence of what Zhang told him he was
hiring them for, namely marketing, web design and translation work; 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 99; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023)
at p 36 lines 21–26, p 37 lines 25 and 26.

in particular, Zhang had suggested to Dou that Ms Feng be hired to do human
resources work. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 36 line 22, p 37
line 16.

I also note that Zhang refused to respond relevantly when asked about his
failure to give any evidence of the work done by the Three Persons in his
AEIC, first giving an irrelevant response, 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 52 line 28.

then suggesting that his counsel might have omitted including his evidence in
his AEIC, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 53 lines 3 and
4.

and finally disagreeing before conceding that he did not have documentary
evidence. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 53 lines 5–15.

It was clear to me that Zhang was not telling the truth.

69 Fourth, the evidence is clear that the Three Employees did not work at
Elcarim’s offices at all. Dou gave evidence that he had never seen them 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 101.

nor communicated with them. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 36 line 28 and 29.

Elcarim also called Mr Chang, an engineer who had been employed with Elcarim
from 1 December 2014 to sometime in November 2016, 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Mr Chang’s AEIC at para 1.

who testified that he did not know the Three Employees and had never seen
them. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at paras 5 and 6; Mr Chang’s AEIC at paras 5 and 6; Mr Chang’s
XX / Certified Transcript (Day 6 / 14 March 2023) at p 39 lines 28 and 21, p
40 lines 6–8, p 43 lines 5, 9 and 13; Ms Chen’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day
16 / 30 March 2023) at p 9 lines 29 and 30, p 10 lines 13, 16 and 19.

The same evidence was given by Ms Chen, who testified that when she was
employed by Elcarim 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Ms Chen’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 8 lines
7–18.

between March 2015 and July 2015, 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at para 1; Ms Chen’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30
March 2023) at p 6 lines 4, 15–17, 20–22.

she did not come to know of 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Ms Chen’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 10 line 13.

and did not see Yu Meng Shi and Yu De Jun. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Ms Chen’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 9 lines 29
and 30.

While she had met Ms Feng in China 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Ms Chen’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 10 lines 23,
24, 29 and 30, p 13 lines 5–7.

(she had accompanied Zhang on a business trip and was introduced to Ms Chen as
Zhang’s wife), she was not told or aware that Ms Feng was employed at Elcarim
as Zhang’s personal assistant 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Ms Chen’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 11 lines
2–8.

and had never seen Ms Feng in the Elcarim office. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Ms Chen’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 12 lines
30–32.

70 In the circumstances, I find that the Three Employees did not do any work
for Elcarim and Zhang had breached his duties by including them on Elcarim’s
payroll.

Whether the payments to the Three Employees were paid out of Zhang’s
commissions

71 Zhang did not challenge the documentary evidence adduced by Elcarim, or
Dou’s evidence, that Elcarim had paid the Three Employees the sum of $86,255.

72 Despite this, Zhang claims that he paid the Three Employees out of the
commissions paid to him, to ease Elcarim’s cash flow issues. Zhang produced no
documentary evidence of him making such payments. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 316.

His counsel did, however, rely on a table of commissions paid to Zhang sent by
Dou to Zhang on 27 November 2014 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 44 lines 20 and
21, p 49 line 10.

(the “Table of Commissions”), 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

3AB at p 854; P1 at p 30 and 32; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7
March 2023) at p 55 lines 15 and 16, p 60 lines 2–6.

when cross-examining Dou. In my view, the Table of Commissions is insufficient
evidence that the Three Employees were paid using Zhang’s commissions. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 300 and 302.

This is because there is nothing which expressly states that the commissions
were, in fact, paid to the Three Employees for their work done for Elcarim,
and this may only be inferred from the fact that some of the initials on the
Table of Commissions correspond to the Three Employees’ initials. Further,
even if I accept the Table of Commissions as evidence that Zhang had made some
payments to the Three Employees out of his commissions, this only accounts for
part of the monthly payments due to the Three Employees and for only a few
months of their period of the alleged employment; 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

3AB at p 854; Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 318 and
322; Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 302.

for example, it only accounts for payment of Yu Meng Shi’s monthly salary in
the months of October and November 2014. The Table of Commissions does not
support Zhang’s case that all payments to the Three Employees were made from
his commissions. In addition, Zhang wrote in his letter of 3 September 2015 to
Elcarim (the “3 September 2015 Letter”) that “[he] found out that [his] wife's
salary was also deducted from [his] commission” 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

3AB at p 871.

[emphasis added], which suggests that he did not know that Ms Feng’s salary
had been paid from his commissions; this is inconsistent with his case.

73 I also agree with Elcarim that Zhang’s evidence in respect of his
commission is illogical. Zhang claims the commissions were payable by Dou, not
Elcarim. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 71 lines 9–15;
Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 59 lines 8–18;
Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 314 and 315.

If so, it makes no sense for him to set off the payments to the Three
Employees against what Dou paid him when it was Elcarim’s liability.

74 I therefore allow Elcarim’s claim against Zhang for $86,255.

75 Zhang pleads that, if found liable in respect of this claim, he is entitled
to relief under section 391 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (the
“Companies Act”), 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 17F.

and explains that there is no evidence that he acted in bad faith for his
personal benefit, since the arrangement was agreed on with Dou, benefitted
Elcarim, and payments to the Three Employees were made out of Zhang’s
commissions. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 319 and 320.

Zhang is not entitled to relief under s 391 Companies Act: I have found above
that the Three Employees did not do any work for Elcarim, Zhang had caused
Elcarim to make payments to the Three Employees, and this arrangement was not
in the interests of Elcarim.

Issue 4: Zhang’s salary in lieu of termination

Zhang’s case

76 Zhang claims damages for the termination of his employment on 10 June 2015
in breach of his letter of appointment as general manager of Elcarim (“Zhang’s
LOA”) 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 20–22.

dated 21 February 2013. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

1AB at pp 204–207.

He claims damages equivalent to three months’ salary in lieu of notice,
amounting to $54,000, 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 24.

in accordance with clauses 3.0 and 14.2 of Zhang’s LOA. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 21.

Elcarim’s case

77 Elcarim denies that Zhang was appointed as a general manager and states
that Zhang’s LOA was fabricated after Zhang’s departure from Elcarim. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 33.

Furthermore, Elcarim claims that as of May 2015, Zhang was only entitled to a
monthly salary of $11,000. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 38.

Whether Zhang’s LOA is valid and enforceable

78 Elcarim does not deny that Zhang was summarily terminated 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 35.

– the letter served on Zhang on 10 June 2015 expressly provides that “Elcarim
has decided to terminate the employment of [Zhang] being the director of
[Elcarim] with immediate effect from 10 June”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

2AB at p 256.

While the letter refers to Zhang as “director”, both parties proceeded on the
basis that the termination covered Zhang’s executive duties as well.

79 This issue therefore turns on the terms of Zhang’s employment.

80 I find Zhang’s LOA unenforceable.

81 The evidence is clear that Zhang drafted and approved Zhang’s LOA on his
own. Zhang’s LOA bears only his signatures, in his capacities as an employee
and as a director of Elcarim (ie, employer). 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

1AB at p 207.

It is not Zhang’s case that he had the authority to approve his own employment
contract. Further, Zhang was clearly in a position of conflict and could not,
and should not, have approved Zhang’s LOA without Dou’s consent. Obviously
recognising this, Zhang testified that he discussed the terms of Zhang’s LOA
with Dou, who approved the same 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 118; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 7 / 15 March
2023) at p 86 lines 3–14.

– but this was not pleaded or put to Dou. Zhang also gave inconsistent
evidence on this: his AEIC suggests that the LOA was signed sometime after 21
February 2013, but he testified that it was signed in March 2012. Dou denied
knowing of or approving Zhang’s LOA. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 71 lines 20–22, p
74 line 27, p 75 lines 17–20; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March
2023) at p 10 lines 1–11. See also Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7
March 2023) at p 73 lines 31 and 32, p 74 line 1.

I accept Dou’s evidence.

82 There is one further aspect of Zhang’s position which was troubling and
underscores the conflict he was in. Zhang’s case, as put to Dou, appeared to
be that the similarity in the formats of Zhang’s LOA with the letters of
appointment for Ms Chen and Pang meant that Zhang’s LOA was not a fabrication.
178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 72 line 30 – p 73
line 16.

I do not find this reasoning convincing as Zhang could have fabricated Zhang’s
LOA by using the other contracts as a template. Instead, what is telling is
that the terms of Zhang’s LOA differ markedly from the standard form used for
other employees, including Dou’s, in ways which are consistently in his
favour:

(a) Zhang gave himself a three-month termination clause, 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

1AB at p 207.

compared to one month in the contracts of the other employees, including Dou;
180

##### Foot Note 180

×

1AB at pp 201, 211, 216 and 231.

and

(b) Zhang removed provisions relating to (i) an obligation to refrain from
activities which might result in a conflict of interest with the business of
Elcarim; 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

1AB at pp 201, 206, 211 and 231; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17
March 2023) at p 74 lines 4–7, 16–24, 30–31.

(ii) liability for immediate dismissal in the event of misconduct; 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

1AB at pp 201, 206, 211 and 231; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17
March 2023) at p 74 lines 8–12, 16–24, 30–31.

and (iii) termination of employment for absence without notice, 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

1AB at pp 201, 206, 211 and 231; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17
March 2023) at p 74 lines 8–12, 16–24, 30–31.

while imposing the same on the others.

83 Even if genuine, the drafting of Zhang’s LOA appears to be a cynical move
by Zhang to protect and benefit himself at the expense of Elcarim. Zhang’s
responses when queried on this were inconsistent and reflective of his
misconduct: he initially affirmed that Zhang’s LOA was a template agreement
which was similar to other employment agreements in Elcarim. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 73 lines 19–23.

However, after the differences were brought to his attention, he explained
that he removed the above clauses from Zhang’s LOA because they were “not
applicable” to him. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 74 line 28.

However, he did not explain why these clauses were inapplicable and why it was
only in his case that they were removed. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 238–240.

His evidence was plainly self-serving and disingenuous.

84 Nonetheless, Zhang was an employee of Elcarim 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 210, 212 and 213; Zhang’s Written
Reply Closing Submissions at para 70.

and was entitled to reasonable notice of termination of his employment. It is
not Elcarim’s pleaded case that it had grounds to summarily terminate his
employment. Although Zhang did not specifically plead for damages in the event
Zhang’s LOA is found to be unenforceable, I exercise my discretion to allow
such a claim given that it arises from his pleaded cause of action for
termination and Elcarim is not prejudiced by the same.

85 Elcarim submits that it had the right to remove Zhang as a director in the
absence of a written shareholders’ resolution because the assent of all
shareholders in a company to a particular course of conduct is as binding as a
resolution in a general meeting. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 250.

Its case is that Pang and Dou held a meeting as Elcarim’s shareholders on 19
June 2015 after the Shares had been transferred to Dou, and “decided that
either [Zhang] should resign on his own or we should sack him”. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 251 and 252; Dou’s XX /
Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 58 lines 4–6.

This is, however, predicated on the Shares having been validly transferred to
Dou, which is in dispute. In any event, this was not part of Elcarim’s
pleadings, which stated only that “Dou informed [Zhang] that [Zhang] would
cease being a director of [Elcarim] with immediate effect.” 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 35.

This happened on 10 June 2015.

86 More importantly, it misunderstands Zhang’s case. Zhang’s claim is for his
termination as an employee. The fact that the shareholders of Elcarim may have
validly removed him as a director is irrelevant. The shareholders of a company
do not have the general power or right to terminate employees. In this regard,
Elcarim argues that Zhang “was only remunerated as a director of Elcarim”, and
since “there is no notice period for [Zhang’s] removal as director of
Elcarim”, Zhang is not entitled to any salary in lieu of notice. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 248 and 253.

I disagree. It is undisputed that Zhang exercised executive functions in
respect of Elcarim. Furthermore, Elcarim does not deny that Zhang was paid a
salary and CPF contributions – such payments are only applicable to an
employee as defined in section 2 of the Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36,
2013 Rev Ed). 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 211.

87 The issue remains what a reasonable notice period would be. I disagree with
Elcarim’s submission that two weeks is a reasonable period. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 254.

Section 10(3)(c) of the Employment Act 1968, which Elcarim relies on, does not
assist it – that provides that two weeks’ notice is the minimum notice period
for a person employed under a contract of service of between two and five
years. Given Zhang’s senior position within Elcarim, I find that a month’s
notice is reasonable. This is supported by the fact that Dou’s contract of
employment provides for a one-month notice period, 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

1AB at p 216.

which was agreed by both Dou and Zhang. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 33 lines 7–10.

Given that Dou and Zhang would be expected to be treated the same given their
equal ownership of Elcarim, a one-month period for Zhang would be reasonable.

88 The amount of damages payable to Zhang should therefore be equivalent to
one month’s salary. However, the quantum of Zhang’s salary as of June 2015 is
disputed.

89 Zhang’s case is that his monthly salary as general manager of Elcarim was
$18,000 as of February 2013 by virtue of Zhang’s LOA, 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 118; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March
2023) at p 66 line 30 – p 67 line 4; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 /
8 March 2023) at p 10 lines 6–11.

and presumably, this continued until June 2015. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 25(a). (See also Zhang’s XX
/ Certified Transcript (Day 10 / 20 March 2023) at p 6 line 29 – p 7 line 3.)

For the reasons above, I disregard Zhang’s LOA.

90 Zhang also relied on CPF statements for March 2013, which reflected that
his salary was $18,000, 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 10 lines 12, 13,
31 and 32, p 11 lines 30 and 31; 1AB at p 267.

as well as CPF statements between April and December 2013 which reflected the
same. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 13 lines 17–20, p
14 lines 1–3; 1AB at pp 265–261.

Given that Zhang was handling Elcarim’s day-to-day affairs and would oversee
these filings, I placed little weight on them. What was represented to the CPF
may not reflect what he was entitled to. In this regard, Zhang has taken
inconsistent positions: he claimed that from January 2014, he was entitled to
a monthly salary of $20,000, 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 11 lines 12–14;
Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 68 lines 4–6.

but due to cash flow issues he would take only $11,000, and the remaining
$9000 would be regarded as a loan from him to Elcarim. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 120; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March
2023) at p 68 lines 13–16.

I do not accept this:

(a) First, Zhang relies on the CPF statements from January to April 2014 to
show that he was paid $20,000 per month, 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 15 lines 1–3.

but as indicated above, I have concerns about the veracity of the information
submitted by Elcarim to CPF. Dou also denies that he approved the increase in
Zhang’s salary to $20,000 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 14 line 29–31.

and states that he was not aware of the CPF statements. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 15 lines 7 and 9.

(b) Second, Elcarim denies that Zhang had taken a reduced salary of $11,000,
with the shortfall regarded as a loan to Elcarim. It relies on Zhang’s salary
voucher for May 2014, which shows, under the category “EARNINGS”, that Zhang
had a “Basic salary” of $6,000, “Allowance” of $5,000 and “Loan/Advance” of
$9,000; in total, he had “Total Earnings” of $20,000. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

P3.

This suggests that the $9,000 was a loan from Elcarim to Zhang. Despite
confirming that he signed the said voucher, 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 69 line 16–20.

Zhang claimed it must be incorrect since he does not recall taking, and did
not take, a $9,000 loan from Elcarim. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 69 lines 8–10,
12, 14, 22–26, p 70 lines 5–7; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 10 / 20
March 2023) at p 4 lines 28–30.

Instead, he claimed that the $9000 should be a repayment from Elcarim to him,
208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 10 / 20 March 2023) at p 4 lines 29 and
30.

and that Pang, who had prepared the voucher, must have made a mistake. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 10 / 20 March 2023) at p 5 lines 15–21.

But Zhang did not call Pang to give evidence on this.

(c) Third, Zhang’s testimony departs from his AEIC, wherein he states, “I
believe the difference between my actual salary of $18,000/- and the reduced
amounts that I actually received had been captured and reflected in the
General Ledger as loans by me to Elcarim”; this suggests that his “actual
salary”, including the shortfall which was regarded as a loan to Elcarim, was
$18,000, 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 121.

not $20,000.

91 Most importantly, Zhang did not give any credible evidence of Dou approving
his salary increments. In this regard, the evidence is clear that Dou did not
approve a salary of $18,000 per month for Zhang, either at the time Zhang’s
LOA was purportedly signed, ie, 21 February 2013, 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 10 lines 6–11.

or any other time before Zhang’s termination. Instead, Dou’s evidence is that
Zhang’s salary last approved by Dou before Zhang’s termination was $11,000 per
month: 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 259.

(a) Dou gave evidence that Dou and Zhang had discussed Zhang’s salary at the
time of termination, which was his director’s remuneration of $11,000 a month,
213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 46.

and there was no mention of his monthly salary of $18,000 as general manager
of Elcarim. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 50.

(b) Dou also adduced Zhang’s salary vouchers which showed that at the material
time Zhang was earning a monthly salary of $11,000. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 46; Dou’s AEIC at Tab 41 / 1AB at pp 218–227 and 256.

92 I accept Dou’s evidence. In any event, Zhang has failed to discharge his
burden of proof that he was entitled to a salary of more than $11,000 a month.
I accordingly award damages to Zhang in the sum of $11,000.

Issue 5: Zhang’s salary for May and 1–10 June 2015

93 Zhang initially pleaded that Elcarim had “failed, neglected and or refused
to pay all moneys due and payable by [Elcarim] to [Zhang]”, namely, (a)
Zhang’s salary for the month of May 2015 amounting to $18,000 and CPF
contribution of $850; and (b) pro-rated salary for 1–10 June 2015 amounting to
$8,182 and CPF contribution of $386.36. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 25(a).

Elcarim’s case is that Zhang was paid his salary for May 2015 and 1–10 June
2015 and was in any event only entitled to be paid $11,000 per month as
salary. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 38.

94 Zhang subsequently accepted that he did receive the sum of $11,000 as his
pay for May 2015, and he therefore reduced his claim by $18,850. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 123; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March
2023) at p 66 lines 6–13.

95 Zhang also accepted that it was possible that Elcarim had paid him his
salary for 1–10 June 2015 and stated that he was unsure. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 72 lines 24, 28
and 30.

Elcarim adduced its CPF statement for June 2015, which showed that Zhang’s
“CPF To Be Paid” was $1,357 and his salary was $3,666,67, which was about one-
third of $11,000. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 72 lines 13 and
14; Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents at p 33.

In response, Zhang drew a distinction between his CPF, which had to be paid,
and his salary, which may or may not be paid depending on Elcarim’s cash flow
situation, and stated that he was not sure if he received his salary for June
2015. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 72 lines 21–24.

However, he admitted that he did not check if had received his salary for June
2015. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 73 line 1.

This clearly falls short of the standard of proof that Zhang has to meet in
proving his claim. Zhang nonetheless submits in his closing submissions that
he was not paid his salary and relies on his re-examination responses, which
merely insist that he was not paid his pro-rated June salary without
addressing or explaining his admission during cross-examination that he did
not verify if he had been paid. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 221.

96 Zhang has not discharged his burden of proof and his criticism of Elcarim’s
lack of evidence does not assist him. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 220.

I therefore dismiss his claim.

Issue 6: Zhang’s loans to Elcarim

97 At the start of the trial, the parties agreed on a list of disputed
payments (“P2”), the majority of which are transactions Zhang alleges were
instances of his extending loans to Elcarim and for which he has not been
reimbursed. I shall refer to P2 and the serial numbers of the payments
therein.

Zhang’s case

98 Zhang seeks repayment of $685,539 (the “685K Loan”), which he claims he
extended (in aggregate) as a loan to Elcarim as at 30 September 2013. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 25(b).

Zhang does not, however, plead the individual components that make up the 685K
Loan. Instead:

(a) save for (c) below, Zhang gives no particulars of the 685K Loan, including
how it is made up, when it was extended, the circumstances in which it was
given or its terms;

(b) Zhang pleads that he “will refer to and rely on an admission of the said
loan which was in the Financial Statement for financial year 2012 to 2013
prepared and filed by Pang for (Elcarim)”. The said financial statement
(“FS2013”) reflects a loan owed to a director in the sum of $685,539. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 25(b); Zhang’s XX /
Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 35 lines 1–5.

Zhang relies on “similar further admissions” in Elcarim’s financial statements
for the subsequent years, including 2017; 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 25(b); Zhang’s AEIC at
paras 43, 79 and 96.

and

(c) The only specific payments he pleads as part of the 685K Loan are at s/n
2, s/n 8, and s/n 12 of P2 (the sums of US$34,000, GBP148,000 and GBP10,000,
respectively), which he claims were discretionary commissions paid by Dou to
him, which he then loaned to Elcarim. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 4(a)(ii).

99 Zhang relies on his evidence on GL2013 as a record of the individual
transactions that made up the 685K Loan. Under the “DUE TO DIRECTOR – ZHANG
YONGTAI” category of GL2013, the majority of the transactions are not titled
on the leftmost column and simply state “BANK – OCBC”. I refer to these below
as cash deposits. The last five rows of GL2013 are titled “Director’s a/c-
Zhang YT”; “DRECTOR’ REMUNERATION”; “SALARY”; “GST INPUT TAX” and “TRAVELLING
EXPENSES” – these are the individual heads that make up the 685K Loan.

100 Zhang gave more details in evidence as to what the 685K Loan comprises:

(a) loans he made to Elcarim: 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 20 lines 4–8.

(i) by redirecting his commissions to Elcarim: 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 36 lines 12–15.

specifically, sums of US$35,000 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

Further and Better Particulars to Reply to Defences in Counterclaim at para
19(c); Zhang’s AEIC at paras 88(a), 88(b), 89 and 90; Zhang’s XX / Certified
Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 42 lines 18–23.

and GBP147,804.84; 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

Zhang’s AEIC at paras 88(c), 89 and 90.

and

(ii) by making cash deposits, including paying $2000 to open an account with
OCBC bank 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 78 line 26 – p
79 line 2; 8AB at p 1969, 1AB at pp 68 and 70.

(totalling, along with forgone portions of his salaries, $33,285.95 – see
[192] below). 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 73 lines 1 and
2.

(b) the ANZ Loan for a sum of $60,000; 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 68 line 31, p
69 lines 2–9.

(c) unpaid salaries; 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 20 lines 4–8, p
34 lines 4–17, 22–25, 30–32.

(d) expenses Zhang incurred on behalf of Elcarim amounting to $104,337.70, 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 20 lines 4–8.

including those incurred using his credit card to pay for Elcarim’s expenses;
238

##### Foot Note 238

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 82, ZYT-23 and ZYT-24.

(e) payments Zhang made on behalf of Elcarim for GST Input Tax, which amount
to $12,183.62; 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 69 lines 1–3.

and

(f) payments for travelling expenses amounting to $8,474.12. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 69.

101 There are several difficulties with Zhang’s pleaded case. I highlight two.

102 First, the 685K Loan is the amount in aggregate allegedly loaned by Zhang
to Elcarim as at 30 September 2013. But on Zhang’s own evidence, this is not
an accurate amount owed to him by Elcarim as he did, after that date, receive
payments from, and extend further loans to, Elcarim. I return to this later.

103 Second, as stated above, Zhang did not plead the components of the 685K
Loan. However, the loan is qualified by reference to his pleaded case at
paragraph 4(g) of his Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2):

(a) Zhang’s pleading at paragraph 25(b) of his Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No. 2) regarding the 685K Loan states as follows:

The Defendant repeats paragraph 4(f) of the Defence herein and avers that he
had extended to the Plaintiff an aggregate loan of S$ 685,539 (the said Loan)
which the Plaintiff had acknowledged to be repayable on demand. The Defendant
will refer to and rely on an admission of the said loan which was in the
Financial Statement for financial year 2012 to 2013 prepared and filed by Pang
for the Plaintiff. The Defendant will further refer to and rely on similar
further admissions of the said debt owed to the Defendant in the Plaintiff’s
subsequent years of Financial Statement, even up to at least the Financial
Statement of 2017. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 25(b).

[emphasis added]

(b) Paragraph 4(f) does not speak of any loans, and Zhang presumably made an
error and intended to refer to paragraph 4(g) instead, which is reproduced
below:

However, Dou failed to provide the initial capital as agreed. Instead, the
Defendant was requested by Dou from time to time to extend loans to the
Plaintiff, citing the reason that Dou was faced with cash flow difficulties.
The Defendant will elaborate on the loans extended to the Plaintiff in the
counterclaim herein. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 4(g).

[emphasis added]

(c) Zhang’s claim is, therefore, in respect of loans which he was requested by
Dou to extend to Elcarim. But, as will be seen later, it is not Zhang’s case
that all the components of the 685K Loan were extended at Dou’s request. I
disagree with Zhang’s submission that loans made for other reasons are not
material facts that need to be pleaded. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

Zhang’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at paras 42–44.

In other words, if he wanted to recover loans he purportedly made otherwise
than at the request of Dou, these should have been specifically pleaded. I
shall return to this when I deal with the individual components below.

Elcarim’s case

104 Elcarim denies the 685K Loan. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 6 and
39.

Elcarim’s case is that Dou had provided capital for Elcarim by (a) procuring
transfers from UAT through Zhang to Elcarim; (b) procuring transfers from UAT
to Elcarim; and (c) procuring transfers from FDS to Elcarim. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 6(a),
6(b) and 6(ba).

However, Pang was not aware that the source of funds transferred to Elcarim
was Dou and/or his companies, and had thus recorded $685,539 as a loan from
Zhang to Elcarim instead. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 6(c).

105 Elcarim also argues that there is no admission of the 685K Loan as:

(a) it was not clear how GL2013 was prepared, 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 78.

and mistakes were made in recording transfers from Dou to Elcarim as loans
from Zhang; 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 79.

(b) FS2013 was not audited; 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 80.

(c) errors in FS2013, including the 685K Loan, were simply carried forward
into subsequent financial statements; 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 81.

(d) Zhang did not have the financial ability to extend loans to Elcarim; 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 78(a).

(e) it was possible that Pang had mistakenly recorded transfers to Elcarim
which were procured by Dou, whether made directly or indirectly via Zhang, as
part of the 685K Loan; 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 79.

and

(f) the fact that Zhang had never demanded payment of the 685K Loan until the
commencement of this action supports its case that no loans were in fact
extended. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 78(b).

106 Both parties called accounting experts to opine on Elcarim’s financial
documents. Elcarim’s accounting expert was Mr Tan Wei Cheong, who is both a
Chartered Accountant and Public Accountant and who has provided investigation
services and litigation support. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

Mr Tan Wei Cheong’s AEIC at Tab 1.

Zhang engaged Mr Tan How Choon, who has experience in fraud investigation and
forensic accounting. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Mr Tan How Choon’s AEIC at Appendix 9.

107 I first deal with the evidentiary value of FS2013 and GL2013, as these
form the main evidence Zhang relies on.

Whether the entry in FS2013 amounts to an admission

108 Save for the three specific payments identified at [98(c)] above, Zhang’s
pleaded case on the 685K Loan is based on the alleged “admission” in FS2013.
Zhang’s case is that FS2013 was signed by Dou and specifically acknowledges
that it owes him the 685K Loan.

109 The Court of Appeal in Chuan & Company Pte Ltd v Ong Soon Huat [2003] 2
SLR(R) 205 highlighted that an admission of debt should be clear and plain (at
[28]) (see also Pegaso Servicios Administrativos SA de CV and another v DP
Offshore Engineering Pte Ltd and another [2019] SGHC 47 at [78]).

110 More relevantly, in Gobind Lalwani v Basco Enterprises Pte Ltd [1998] 3
SLR(R) 1019 (“Gobind Lalwani”), the court found that “an account stated by way
of letter dated 28 February 1994” reflected that the records of Basco
Enterprises Pte Ltd (“Basco”) showed the amount of money due to Gobind Lalwani
(“Lalwani”), and it was an unequivocal statement of a debt owed by Basco to
Lalwani (Gobind Lalwani at [13]). I further note that in that case, the burden
of disproving what was stated in the account shifted to Basco upon the
production of the audit confirmation letter (Gobind Lalwani at [17] and [24]).

111 I find that there is no admission by Elcarim of the 685K Loan.

112 First, it is undisputed that Pang was acting on the instructions of Zhang
when he prepared FS2013 (and GL2013) and would have relied on what Zhang
informed him with respect to the nature of the moneys being paid by Zhang to
Elcarim. In this regard, as I will elaborate later, I do not accept Zhang’s
evidence that several payments made by him to Elcarim were loans from him.
Zhang cannot rely upon as an admission against Elcarim a statement that he
effectively caused and which the evidence shows to be incorrect.

GL2013

113 Second, FS2013 was unaudited, and its accuracy is highly doubtful. In the
first place, FS2013 was prepared based on GL2013, which accuracy is also
highly questionable. Further, there are several inconsistencies between FS2013
and GL2013, which were both prepared by Pang.

114 It is undisputed that GL2013 was prepared by Pang 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 80; Dou’s AEIC at para 78.

and is a record of various transactions and includes various debit and credit
accounts. Elcarim disputes the accuracy of GL2013. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 176.

I thereby assess the accuracy and, consequently, the evidentiary value of
GL2013.

115 I first note the following:

(a) Zhang’s evidence is that he did not have any documents relating to the
685K Loan, and these documents had been submitted to Pang, who “had dutifully
posted the entries in [GL2013] upon his being satisfied with [their]
authenticity and correctness”. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 81.

While Zhang gave some evidence on specific transactions reflected in GL2013,
these cannot be said to prove the truth of GL2013. Against the backdrop of his
own lack of personal knowledge as to how GL2013 was prepared and, in some
instances, failure or inability to produce other evidence to prove the
accuracy of GL2013, Zhang’s refusal to call Pang as a witness was detrimental
to his case.

(b) Elcarim’s evidence is that GL2013 is inaccurate because all information
would be provided to Pang by Zhang, and Zhang “did not provide Pang the
correct purpose for the moneys”. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 4 / 9 March 2023) at p 73 lines 25, 26,
30 and 31; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 65
lines 29 and 30.

Further, Pang would not have verified the information provided by Zhang before
including it in GL2013. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 4 / 9 March 2023) at p 74 lines 24–26.

However, on Dou’s own case, he did not have any personal knowledge of how Pang
prepared GL2013. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 4 / 9 March 2023) at p 74 line 4.

Elcarim could have called Pang to give evidence as to the accuracy of GL2013
but it declined to do so.

116 Nonetheless, it is clear from the evidence that GL2013 and FS2013 were
inconsistent in material respects, and GL2013 contained several wrong or
inaccurate entries. Given that Zhang’s counterclaim is almost entirely
premised on the accuracy of GL2013, these inaccuracies undermine his case.

117 I raise several examples of the inconsistencies between FS2013 and GL2013
below:

(a) Elcarim’s CPF statement for March 2013 records salaries paid to six
persons, but GL2013 only records salaries paid to three persons. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 179 and 180; Zhang’s XX
/ Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 66 line 25 – p 68 line
16.

(b) GL2013 records “Trade Receivables” of $0, 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

1AB at p 62.

but FS2013 records it as $1,973,604. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

1AB at p 92; Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 182 and
183.

When brought to Zhang’s attention, he explained that he was unsure why there
was a difference and suggested that Pang might be able to explain. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 76 line 15 – p
77 line 30.

(c) Elcarim’s “cash bank” of more than $11,000 recorded in FS2013 was not
recorded in the GL2013. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

Certified Transcript (Day 14 / 28 March 2023) at p 77 lines 21–23; 1AB at p
92.

(d) GL2013 reflects retained earnings of zero but FS2013 states a figure of
$142,297. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

Certified Transcript (Day 14 / 28 March 2023) at p 77 lines 24 and 25; 1AB at
p 92. See also Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 182 and
183.

(e) GL2013 records the “trade payables” sum as $1,565,918.31 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

1AB at p 68.

but FS2013 records a sum of $1,973,604. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

1AB at p 92; Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 182 and
183.

Zhang’s accounting expert noted this discrepancy 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

See also Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 182 and 183.

but was unable to provide an explanation. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

Certified Transcript (Day 14 / 28 March 2023) at p 92 lines 5–18.

(f) When asked about the inconsistencies identified by Elcarim’s accounting
expert, Zhang’s accounting expert did not offer a contrasting view, and his
position was unclear: “completeness may not be there. But the reliability as
up to … certain standard, we can accept.” 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

Certified Transcript (Day 14 / 28 March 2023) at p 78 lines 10 and 11.

In fact, Zhang’s accounting expert later resiled from commenting on the
reliability of GL2013 generally, and stated that he could only comment on the
individual transactions highlighted to him. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

Certified Transcript (Day 14 / 28 March 2023) at p 92 lines 29–32.

Elcarim’s accounting expert further testified that he had “reservations about
relying on the” financial statements because the underlying entries in the
GL2013 were disputed. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

Certified Transcript (Day 14 / 28 March 2023) at p 68 lines 21–29.

(g) Both accounting experts agreed that GL2013 was incomplete. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

Certified Transcript (Day 14 / 28 March 2023) at p 54 lines 7 and 8, p 96
lines 4 and 5, p 108 lines 28–30, p 129 lines 9 and 10; Elcarim and Dou’s
Written Closing Submissions at para 188.

Zhang also conceded this. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 77 lines
13–20; Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 186.

118 In addition, Zhang himself acknowledges that the GL2013 wrongly records
the sums of $4,500, $5,000 and $50,000 as loans by him to Elcarim – (the first
two sums are recorded as s/n 1, 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

Zhang’s SAEIC at para 10; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 10 / 20 March
2023) at p 21 line 32 and p 22 line 6.

s/n 3 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

Zhang’s SAEIC at para 10; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 10 / 20 March
2023) at p 22 lines 3 and 6.

of P2; all three sums are recorded in GL2013, and s/n 3, s/n 4 and s/n 15 of a
table prepared by Zhang which links bank statements to entries in GL2013
(“D4”) respectively) and agreed that they should be excluded from the 685K
Loan claim.

Payments after September 2013

119 Third, even if the 685K Loan was accurately reflected in FS2013, Zhang
accepts that that figure no longer represents what is owed to him because of
payments between him and Elcarim after September 2013. Zhang was involved in
Elcarim for a further two years until he was terminated on 10 June 2015. Zhang
himself gave evidence of payments he received which would have reduced the
quantum of the loan, namely, repayments made by Elcarim to him of $35,508.46
and $60,588.72. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 81; 2AB at p
661; 1AB at p 192.

Zhang argues that payments after September 2013 should be disregarded because
he is claiming a sum which is accurate as at September 2013. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 81 lines 9–13,
p 85 lines 22 and 23.

Zhang’s explanation for this approach appears to be that he is unable to
“verify if… figures in the financial statement [after 2013] are authentic” 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 86 lines
19–20.

as he did not have the general ledgers and bank statements for the financial
years after 2013. 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 87 lines
23–24.

120 I reject this submission. Zhang’s pleaded case is based on an admission.
But, on his own evidence, that “admission” is no longer applicable or
effective as the amount owed has since changed. It is wrong in law for him to
simply sue on an historical figure on the basis that it was previously
admitted and ignore all payments received after that admission.

121 For completeness, I deal with Zhang’s argument that his pleaded claim
includes moneys he loaned Elcarim after September 2013, relying on the
(italicised portion of) the pleaded relief: “the sum of $685,539 being the
loan admitted by (Elcarim) as due and owing to (Zhang) or such other sum as
the Honourable Court may deem fit.” This is plainly flawed. Zhang’s pleaded
cause of action is specifically for the aggregate sum of $685,539, which he
(allegedly) loaned to Elcarim as at September 2013, and not amounts he may
have loaned after that date. The portion italicised above allows the Court to
award a different sum arising out of the amount claimed, which is established
by the evidence, but not to expand the cause of action to include other loans.
Zhang argues that he is unable to plead the payments after September 2013 as
Elcarim refused to give discovery of its ledgers and documents after GL2013.
He applied for the discovery of those documents but was refused because of the
way he had pleaded his case. But Zhang did not amend his claim or appeal that
refusal. In the circumstances, I can only decide the case as pleaded, and it
is clear that it is only in respect of the 685K Loan extended as at September
2013.

Financial statements after 2013

122 Fourth, the entries in Elcarim’s financial statements for the subsequent
financial years do not assist Zhang as they are unreliable. Elcarim engaged Mr
Ho Chee Kong Donald (“Mr Ho”) in 2018 to prepare its financial statements for
the financial years ending 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

Mr Ho’s AEIC at para 5.

Mr Ho gave evidence that he faced difficulties in reconstructing the financial
statements arising from (a) transactions evidenced by invoices and payments
vouchers etc. which were not reflected in bank statements; (b) a lack of
supporting documents to explain certain transactions; (c) transactions which
were not recorded on “Elcarim’s internal spreadsheet”; and (d) transactions in
the said spreadsheets for which little detail was given. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

Mr Ho’s AEIC at paras 8–13.

Mr Ho also gave evidence of assumptions he made in preparing the financial
statements, including that moneys withdrawn using Elcarim’s cash cards were
presumed to have been taken out by a director and thus presumed to be incurred
by a director on behalf of Elcarim. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

Mr Ho’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 7 / 15 March 2023) at p 44 line 26 – p
45 line 7.

He also testified that moneys moving out of Elcarim’s bank account are
presumed to have been incurred by directors on behalf of Elcarim, and moneys
coming into the said account are presumed to be moneys lent by directors to
Elcarim. 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

Mr Ho’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 7 / 15 March 2023) at p 45 lines 18–25.

I therefore do not place any weight on FS2014, FS2015, FS2016 and FS2017.
Given the manner and context in which these financial statements were
prepared, the fact that Dou signed off on them as being true and accurate is
not probative of their accuracy. When Dou took over control of Elcarim, the
financial statements for the preceding few years had not been prepared, and
there were documents missing, and Elcarim faced penalties due to the said late
filing of financial statements. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

Mr Ho’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 7 / 15 March 2023) at p 29 lines 11–28.

After Mr Ho reconstructed the financial statements, Dou signed them. I also
note that the amounts said to be “owed to director” in these financial
statements are different and not $685,539.06.

123 Accordingly, I turn to consider the evidence in respect of the different
components of the 685K Loan. As stated above, Zhang accepts that three
deposits were wrongly recorded in GL2013 as loans from him and should
therefore be excluded from the 685K Loan claim.

(a) $4,500 (s/n 1 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

Zhang’s SAEIC at para 10; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 10 / 20 March
2023) at p 21 line 32 and p 22 line 6.

of P2, recorded in GL2013 as s/n 3 of D4); 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 4(b).

(b) $5,000 (s/n 3 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

Zhang’s SAEIC at para 10; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 10 / 20 March
2023) at p 22 lines 3 and 6.

of P2, recorded in GL2013 and s/n 4 of D4); 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 4(b).

and

(c) $50,000 (recorded in GL2013 and s/n 15 of D4). 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 10 / 20 March 2023) at p 22 lines 7–21.

In the sections below, I deal with the heads of the 685K Loan.

Redirected commissions

124 Zhang testified that he advanced the following loans to Elcarim by
redirecting commissions he received from Dou. Zhang tendered a table showing
entries in GL2013 (ie, D4):

S/n on D4 | (all references made to the section “DUE TO DIRECTOR – ZHANG YONGTAI” in GL2013) 293

##### Foot Note 293

× 1AB at pp 68–70. | Reference in P2 (if any)   
---|---|---  
Date | Credit amount | Description   
74| 4 October 2012| US$20,000| Zhang YongTai| Related to s/n 2  
75| 4 October 2012| US$13,500| Zhang YongTai  
76| 12 December 2012 | GBP147,804.84| Zhang YongTai| Related to s/n 8  
39| 6 May 2013| $2,000| CASH DEPOSIT| Related to s/n 12  
42| 28 May 2013| $11,000| MALAYAN BANKING BHD  
  
Whether there was an agreement for Zhang to receive discretionary commissions

125 Zhang testified that Dou had a practice of offering him, at Dou’s
discretion, commissions of 15% or more of the purchase price of equipment
acquired by Elcarim. He claimed that Dou would sometimes pay him a commission
without even discussing it with him. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 15; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March
2023) at p 92 lines 24–29.

Zhang refers to these as “discretionary commissions”. He claimed that the
payments set out at [98(c)] above were such commissions, which he then loaned
to Elcarim on account of its cash-flow issues. Dou denies that he ever agreed
to pay Zhang commissions as alleged. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 74 lines 16–25.

Instead, Dou would pay commissions to Zhang after they had a discussion on it.
296

##### Foot Note 296

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 75 lines 10 and
11; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 36 lines 6–8,
16–19.

126 I do not accept Zhang’s evidence.

127 First, apart from Zhang’s bare assertion, there is no evidence of any
agreement between Dou and Zhang that Dou would pay Zhang commissions in the
manner alleged by Zhang. Indeed, Zhang’s evidence is not credible. He
testified that:

[t]hrough [Dou’s] oral instructions over the course of dealings, [Zhang] came
to the understanding with [Dou] that if [Dou] did not indicate to [Zhang]
[Dou’s] specific purpose for the payment, [Zhang] could take the payments that
are made to [him] directly to be part of the discretionary ‘commission’ that
[Dou] intended for [him]. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 16.

128 But this is a highly implausible way of conducting business – it cannot be
that Zhang could decide himself, whenever Dou transfers money to him, that the
said moneys were for his commissions. This is especially as Zhang does not
dispute that Dou would make payments for Elcarim’s capital and business
operations by transferring money through Zhang to Elcarim; 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

Eg, Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 4(a)(i);
Zhang’s AEIC at paras 22, 24 and 25.

it is unlikely that Dou would agree to a practice which effectively allowed
Zhang to decide, unilaterally, what he receives from Dou to be his commission.

129 Second, Zhang did not give evidence of Dou and him reaching an agreement
on the payment of discretionary commissions to him. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 132.

I note that Zhang pleads the following:

1\. Dou’s general offer of a discretionary commission (bonus) of up to 15% or
more was first made by Dou on or around March 2012 when Zhang met Dou in
Singapore and they were discussing their intended joint venture.

2\. Zhang orally accepted the offer at that time.

3\. Thereafter, as and when Zhang secured or otherwise played a role to the
satisfaction of Dou in a business deal for [Elcarim], Dou would in his
discretion pay the bonus that Dou decides to give to Zhang by paying the bonus
into Zhang’s personal account either directly or via one of his companies or
wife. 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

Further and Better Particulars to Reply to Defences in Counterclaim at para 1.

At trial, it was clarified by Zhang’s counsel that Zhang’s case was that Dou
and Zhang reached the aforesaid agreement in March 2012, and their conduct
thereafter was merely performance of the agreement. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

Certified Transcript (Day 2 / 7 March 2023) at p 5 lines 18–24.

This is at odds with Zhang’s testimony that he “came to the understanding”,
“over the course of dealings” that he was entitled to discretionary
commissions. Further, Zhang did not plead that it was for him to decide
whether the amounts paid into his account were for his commissions.

130 Third, Zhang’s case is inconsistent with, albeit not entirely contradicted
by, 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

See also Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 35
lines 3–5.

the objective evidence that there were instances where Dou expressly informed
Zhang that he would be paid a commission. Zhang himself adduced evidence of
Dou expressly informing Zhang that he would be receiving a commission,
including an email from Dou to Zhang stating, “Your personal commission
confirm 15% of Vendors value: USD10,710… is it Ok?” 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 15(a) and ZYT-2.

and an email from Dou to Zhang which subject reads, “RE: Attachment for Income
and payout list” and includes the Table of Commissions, which is described by
Zhang as “listing the various commissions [Dou] had given [Zhang]”. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 15(f) and ZYT-7.

These are more consistent with Dou’s case that, where a commission was paid by
Dou to Zhang, there would be a statement that it was a commission 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 42 lines 3–5.

and it would have been agreed between Dou and Zhang that there would be a
commission paid to Zhang. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 36 lines 6–8,
16–19.

The two emails Zhang adduces to prove the discretionary commissions relate to
commissions not in dispute, ie, not s/n 2, s/n 8 or s/n 12 of P2. 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 151.

131 Fourth, Zhang gave inconsistent evidence as to the quantum of the
discretionary commissions agreed with Dou, 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 136.

which casts doubt on the credibility of his case. At various points, he stated
that commissions were fixed at 15% of the purchase value of a particular
transaction; 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 3 lines 12 and
13.

or that it could be “15% or more”; 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 92 lines 17 and
29.

“about 15% or more”; 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 7 / 15 March 2023) at p 82 line 16.

and “up to 15% or more”: 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

Further and Better Particulars to Reply to Defences in Counterclaim at para 1;
Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 74 lines 24 and
25; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 7 / 15 March 2023) at p 82 lines
15, 16, 24–28.

(a) Zhang wrote in his 3 September 2015 Letter that “[his] commissions should
be more than S$2.25 million on a 15% calculation basis”. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

3AB at p 871.

(b) In his Statement of Claim against Dou in DC/DC 2618/2015 (the “DC Suit”),
Zhang said that Dou would pay him a 15% commission in respect of thermal
detectors. 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents at p 47.

(c) In his Further and Better Particulars to Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No. 1) dated 28 March 2022, when asked about the commissions he
claimed to be entitled to, Zhang said that there was a verbal agreement with
Dou for him to be “paid a commission based on 15% of the purchase value of the
thermal detectors that the Plaintiff would purchase”.

(d) In his Further and Better Particulars to Reply to Defences in Counterclaim
dated 24 February 2023, Zhang stated that Dou made him a “general offer of a
discretionary commission (bonus) of up to 15% or more”.

(e) On 3 March 2023, Zhang’s case, as explained by his counsel, was that he
was entitled to a commission of “up to … 15% or more”, 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 74 lines 24 and
25.

but Zhang’s counsel also said that Zhang’s commission could be “15% or more”.
316

##### Foot Note 316

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 / 3 March 2023) at p 92 lines 17 and
27–29.

(f) Zhang testified on 15 March 2023 that “[Dou] would give [him] a bonus of
about 15% or more”, 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 7 / 15 March 2023) at p 82 line 16.

before then testifying that it could also be “15% or less” and that it was “up
to [Dou’s] discretion”. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 7 / 15 March 2023) at p 82 lines 27 and
28.

132 Further, the term “up to 15% or more” is not meaningful at all given that
it could refer to any amount. When confronted with these inconsistencies,
Zhang’s explanations were that there might have been a miscommunication with
his lawyers in the DC Suit and he meant “around 15%”, 319

##### Foot Note 319

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 4 lines 23–28.

and that it was simpler to state that the discretionary commissions were fixed
at 15% of the purchase price rather than clarifying that they were “around
15%”. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 5 lines 7–17.

Neither reason is convincing. I also note that this was not the only time
Zhang would blame his lawyers when he had difficulty explaining his evidence.
The clear impression I formed was that Zhang did not want to commit to a
specific percentage as he could not otherwise explain the amounts he was
claiming as discretionary commissions.

133 Fifth, in the 3 September 2015 Letter, Zhang not only claimed that the
commissions were fixed at 15%, he also claimed that they were payable by
Elcarim. This was entirely inconsistent with the case he ran in this action,
which was that his commissions were payable by Dou.

134 Sixth, Zhang testified that he did not declare the alleged commissions as
his personal earnings or pay income tax on the same. He claimed that he did
not do so since they were “overseas incomes … paid overseas and not paid in
Singapore”. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 12 / 24 March 2023) at p 40 lines
16–23.

This explanation does not make sense. On his own case, Zhang was earning a
commission in his capacity as an employee of Elcarim (a Singapore company) and
for doing work in Singapore on behalf of Elcarim. His commissions were part of
his incentive structure which he discussed and agreed with Dou when they
agreed to establish Elcarim. He received the sums in his Singapore account.
His failure to declare these payments as earnings and pay tax on them is
inconsistent with his case in these proceedings.

135 I therefore find that there was no agreement between Dou and Zhang that
Dou would pay discretionary commissions to Zhang of “up to 15% or more” of the
relevant purchase price without prior agreement on specific transactions. This
disposes of Zhang’s case that the three payments at [98(c)] were his funds
which he loaned to Elcarim. I nonetheless deal with the specific payments. The
evidence fortifies my rejection of Zhang’s case.

Zhang’s alleged loans of US$20,000 and US$13,500 extended on 4 October 2012

136 Zhang’s case is that he had received US$34,000 as commission from Dou (via
UAT) from a purchase from Selex, 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 27 lines 27–29, p
27 line 31 – p 28 line 1; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March
2023) at p 36 lines 2–8.

and he thereafter used these funds to advance a loan to US$33,500 to Elcarim
323

##### Foot Note 323

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 42 lines
21–23.

as Elcarim needed funds to make a payment to its supplier, Opgal Optronic
Industries Ltd (“Opgal”). 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 28 lines 17–20.

137 Elcarim, on the other hand, states that this was Dou’s contribution to the
capital of Elcarim 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 6(a).
See also Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 27 lines
27–30, p 28 lines 17–21.

for the purpose of making a down payment to Opgal. 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 28 lines 8–12.

Dou had procured UAT to transfer US$34,000 to Zhang for Zhang to transfer the
sum to Elcarim. I accept Elcarim’s case.

138 First, for the reasons above, I do not accept Zhang’s case that the
US$34,000 was received from Dou as a commission.

139 Zhang seeks to rely on a purchase order issued by Elcarim to Selex dated
12 October 2012, 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents at p 181.

specifically, the “part description: … E3771 (Merlin MW)”, to show that Selex
was related to UAT 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 36 lines 2–8.

to assert that there was a reason for Zhang to be paid a commission in
relation to the said purchase order. 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 35 lines
27–30, p 36 lines 2 and 3. See also Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 /
10 March 2023) at p 27 lines 27–29.

However, this does not at all prove that Zhang had received this sum as a
commission – all it shows is that Elcarim issued a purchase order to Selex for
the purchase of “E3771 (Merlin MW)” which had a unit price of GBP32,000. In
addition, if it is Zhang’s case that he received US$34,000 as commission in
relation to the said Selex purchase order, there was no reason for Zhang not
to have pleaded this or included it in his AEIC. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 143.

140 Zhang submits that Dou fails to explain why, if the US$34,000 was for
Elcarim’s working capital, Dou did not pay it directly into Elcarim’s account.
331

##### Foot Note 331

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 39; Zhang’s Written Reply Closing
Submissions at para 38.

I do not think this is a deficiency in Elcarim’s case: Dou had made several
other payments through Zhang’s personal account which Zhang accepts were for
Elcarim’s use.

141 Dou testified that US$34,000 was remitted to Zhang in order to “purchase …
a gadget for the camera … procured … from the Israeli company Opgal”. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 28 lines 8–13.

I note that in the agreed bundle of documents, there is a “Purchased Order”
dated 12 September 2012 and with purchase order number UAT_ES-01/SO1200486
from UAT to Elcarim for 15 units of “ES_EYE R25 ENGINE DIGITAL”, for which a
deposit payment of US$34,000 was required, and which was annotated, “by T/T;
(NOTE: 2012/9/27, Remited Yongtai’s HSBC Singapore Branch)”. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

Report of Elcarim’s Accounting Expert at Appendix 8c.

Notwithstanding the lack of signatures on this document, it appears to have
been acted upon: there is a transaction certificate which shows that a
transfer of US$34,000 was made to Zhang on 27 September 2012, 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

2AB at p 384.

and Elcarim’s bank statements which show Zhang made the transfers of US$20,000
and US$13,500 to Elcarim on 4 October 2012. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

2AB at p 453.

Dou testified that the US$20,000 and US$13,500 relate to “15 units of parts”
known as “EYER25” purchased by Elcarim from Opgal. 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 4 / 9 March 2023) at p 45 lines 2–6.

The name of the part is similar to the parts that are the subject of the said
purchase order and the number of units purchased are the same, although it is
not clear whether Elcarim purchased these parts from UAT or Opgal.
Nevertheless, there was a reference in Elcarim’s cash flow chart to this
purchase order.

142 Elcarim also points out that in its cash flow chart, prepared and sent by
Zhang to Dou 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 10 / 20 March 2023) at p 13 lines
16–21, 28 and 29; 8AB at p 1973.

and which records “main expenses”, the US$34,000 is described as, “UAT HSBC
T/T USD34,000 to Yongtai Account SO1200486 deposit USD31,477/5 (OPGAL)”, 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 45 lines 1–11;
8AB at p 1969.

which does not suggest that the US$34,000 was a loan from Zhang. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 149(a) and 150.

The cash flow chart records a revenue of US$34,000 on 27 September 2012 – this
matches with the transfer from UAT to Zhang. Zhang also testified that the
remarks on the cash flow chart “indicate how [Zhang] received the money and
what the money was eventually used for”. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 45 lines 7–11.

The remarks here indicate that the US$34,000 was deposited into Elcarim in
relation to a deposit relating to Opgal. Significantly, the “SO1200486” stated
in the cash flow chart matches the purchase order number in the purchase order
discussed above. I also agree with Elcarim’s submission that had Zhang
extended these loans to Elcarim, one would expect him to record them
accurately in the cash flow chart. 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 150.

All these suggest that the US$34,000 was transferred to Zhang for the purposes
of making an onward transfer to Elcarim. Finally, the closeness in time and
quantum of the transfer of US$34,000 to Zhang, the transfer of US$33,500 by
Zhang to Elcarim and the transfer of US$31,447.50 by Elcarim to Opgal is no
coincidence. It is also relevant that, if not for the US$33,500 transferred to
Elcarim, Elcarim would not have been able to make the transfer to Opgal. 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

Dou’s AEIC at Tab 9 / p 100.

All these support the conclusion that the payment by Dou to Zhang was to
finance Elcarim’s operations.

143 Second, Zhang pleaded substantively different cases on the purpose of the
US$34,000 which was transferred to him. Zhang initially indicated that the
US$34,000 had been paid to him 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

See also Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 118–122.

for purchases of thermal camera equipment to be [sold] by external companies
through [Elcarim] to Dou’s companies… Dou had instructed [Zhang] to arrange
for the said purchases through Elcarim… and transferred the said amounts to
[Zhang] for onward transmission through [Elcarim] to the external companies
for the purchases[.] 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 4(a).

However, in a later amendment, Zhang stated instead that it had been paid to
him

for mixed purposes and not all for Dou’s contributions to capital.

…

As elaborated below at paragraph 5C, the sums of US$34,000…, GBP148,000… and
GBP10,000… were paid to [Zhang] directly as his discretionary bonus from Dou
which the [Zhang] then advanced to [Elcarim] for cashflow… 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 4(a) and
4(a)(ii).

The reference to paragraph 5C leads to a newly added paragraph in the later
amendment, which is reproduced below:

Pursuant to Dou’s offer of a discretionary commission (bonus) which was
accepted by the [Zhang], Dou had made payments of the discretionary commission
(bonus) to [Zhang] personally from time to time in recognition of the
[Zhang]’s efforts in securing successful business deals of Elcarim Science.
[Zhang] had paid some of these discretionary bonus to [Elcarim] to help ease
the cashflow issues faced by [Elcarim] and these would have been recorded by
Pang at the material time as part of the Director’s Loan to [Elcarim]. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 5C.

144 Zhang explained that he was (a) “blindsided by [his] preoccupation with
denying the specific allegation by [Elcarim] and Dou that the payments were
part of Dou’s… capital injections into [Elcarim]”; (b) confused with the
payments referred to in the original paragraphs as being similar to payments
referred to in other paragraphs; and (c) was only alerted to the errors in his
pleadings after seeing the accounting experts’ reports. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

Zhang’s affidavit dated 17 January 2023 in support of Reply to Defences to
Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 4–6, 28.

None of these are convincing explanations. I also note that Zhang’s accounting
expert’s report does not conclude on the purpose of the US$34,000 payment to
him and his payment of the US$33,500 to Elcarim. It appears that Zhang, upon
reading his accounting expert’s report, capitalised on that uncertainty to
claim that he had diverted his commissions into Elcarim as a loan. Elcarim
rightly points out that the purposes of the payments were matters within
Zhang’s personal knowledge, and Zhang had not merely clarified but had changed
his position. 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 125 and 126.

145 In view of the above, I find that Zhang did not receive the US$34,000 as a
commission from Dou and did not extend the sums of US$20,000 and US$13,500 as
loans to Elcarim.

Zhang’s alleged loan of GBP147,804.84 on 12 December 2012

146 Zhang’s case is that Dou paid him a discretionary commission of GBP148,000
349

##### Foot Note 349

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 4(a)(ii); Zhang’s
AEIC at paras 78 and 89; Zhang’s SAEIC at Table A.

on account of a sale of equipment worth US$1.29m from Elcarim to Miller and
Bokia, 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

Further and Better Particulars to Reply to Defences in Counterclaim at para
19(d); Zhang’s AEIC at paras 78 and 90; Zhang’s SAEIC at para 15 and ZYT-27
(see also 3AB at p 766).

from which Zhang made a GBP147,804.84 loan to Elcarim. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 4(a)(ii) and 5C;
Zhang’s SAEIC at para 16; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March
2023) at p 42 lines 24–26.

Elcarim’s case is that the transfer of GBP148,000 from UAT to Zhang was
procured by Dou as his contribution to Elcarim’s capital. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 6(a)(x);
Dou’s AEIC at para 16(a)(iv); Dou’s SAEIC at paras 6(b) and 8.

It was from this sum that Zhang transferred GBP147,804.84 to Elcarim, and it
was therefore not a loan from Zhang. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 6(a)(x);
Dou’s AEIC at para 16(a)(iv).

The transfers from UAT to Zhang and thereafter Zhang to Elcarim are not
disputed.

(1) Whether GBP148,000 was a commission given by Dou to Zhang

147 Over and above the reasons given above, I do not accept that this payment
was a commission paid to Zhang.

148 First, Zhang does not provide sufficient evidence that the GBP148,000 was
a commission from Dou. The only documentary evidence Zhang relies on is an
email by which Dou instructed one of his staff to transfer the sum of
GBP148,000, 354

##### Foot Note 354

×

Zhang’s SAEIC at para 15 and ZYT-27 (see also 3AB at p 766).

and Zhang’s case appears to be that this was a commission he received in
relation to “the Miller and Bokia deal that he had helped to secure by going
to Thailand at that time, in December 2012”. 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 29 lines 20–23.

But this email does not support Zhang’s case. In that email, Dou directs,
“Please T/T GBP148,000 to above account number [referring to Zhang’s HSBC bank
account] tomorrow… Bank Message mark ‘PO NO. MBC1212001. Goods deposit Payment
instead of Miller & Bokia Co. Ltd’”. The postscript to the transfer
certificate also states the same. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

3AB at p 767; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p
37 line 27 – p 38 line 9.

There is no express or implied reference to a commission to Zhang. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 144.

On the contrary, it suggests that the GBP148,000 was transferred for a “Goods
deposit Payment”.

149 Second, Zhang’s case is that Dou had informed him via a telephone call
that the payment of GBP148,000 was a commission to him 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 30 lines 26 and
27. See also Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p
35 lines 3–5.

and had suggested that Zhang lend the said sum to Elcarim. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 30 lines 30 and
31.

Dou denies this. 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 30 lines 26–32.

I do not believe Zhang’s evidence. Zhang did not mention this alleged call in
his pleadings or his AEIC. GBP148,000 is a significant sum, and it is
difficult to believe that Dou would simply decide to pay that sum to Zhang and
not evidence that in writing. As I have found above (at [135]), Zhang’s
evidence with respect to discretionary commissions payable to him was simply
not credible. My finding is fortified by the matters discussed below.

(2) Whether Zhang made a loan of GBP147,804.84 to Elcarim

150 Since the GBP148,000 did not belong to Zhang, he could not have extended
it to Elcarim as a loan. Further, the evidence does not support Zhang’s
assertion that he made a loan to Elcarim.

151 Elcarim points out that the cash flow chart supports that Zhang did not
extend a GBP147,804.84 loan to Elcarim since the remarks column does not
indicate that the deposit was pursuant to a loan extended by Zhang. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 52 lines
10–13, 26–29; Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 149(b)
and 150.

In support of this, Elcarim relies on Zhang’s earlier confirmation that
another deposit in the cash flow chart without any remarks had been for a
capital contribution paid by Dou. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

P2; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 30 lines
16–19, p 52 line 30 – p 53 line 7.

I agree that this suggests that the payment was not a loan to Elcarim.

152 Zhang argued that, if not for the loan, Elcarim would have been unable to
make a payment of GBP159,990 to SELEX, 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 49.

which was made a few days after the making of the alleged loan. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

2AB at p 477; Certified Transcript (Day 14 / 28 March 2023) at p 62 line 27 –
p 63 line 10; Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 32 lines
27–31.

But this does not prove it was a loan. It is consistent with the payment to
Zhang being made for Elcarim’s operational requirements.

153 I therefore find that Zhang did not receive a commission of GBP148,000
from Dou and that the sum of GBP147,804.84 he paid to Elcarim was not a loan
from him.

Zhang’s alleged loans of $2,000 and $11,000 on 6 and 28 May 2013, respectively

154 Zhang’s claims that he received a discretionary commission of GBP10,000
365

##### Foot Note 365

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 4(a)(ii) and
4(a)(iii).

from Dou’s wife in relation to a deal made with AIM Infrarot-Module GmbH
(“AIM”), 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 33 lines 15–17.

which he used to make loans to Elcarim 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 4(a)(ii) and 5C.

of $2,000 and $11,000. 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 35 line 9, p 37
lines 21, 22, 24, 25 and 30; 2AB at pp 559 and 561; Zhang’s XX / Certified
Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 42 lines 27–30, p 43 line 18.

Elcarim denies this, and its case is that Dou procured his wife to transfer
GBP10,000 to Zhang for onward transfer to Elcarim towards Elcarim’s capital.
369

##### Foot Note 369

×

Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 6(a)(v);
Dou’s AEIC at para 16(a)(v); Dou’s SAEIC at paras 9(a)–9(c).

However, Zhang failed to do so 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

Dou’s SAEIC at para 9(d).

and instead procured a transfer of $18,947 (the equivalent of GBP10,000) from
Elcarim’s OCBC bank account number [xxxx xxxx 0201] (GBP) to Elcarim’s OCBC
bank account number [xxxx xxxx 200] (SGD) on 5 June 2013. 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

Dou’s SAEIC at para 9(e).

I do not accept Zhang’s case.

(1) Whether GBP10,000 was a commission given by Dou to Zhang

155 I find that Zhang did not receive the sum of GBP10,000 as a commission.

156 First, Zhang took contradictory positions as to whether the GBP10,000 was
a discretionary commission. In Zhang’s pleadings, he says this was an instance
where Dou did not inform him it was a commission, but in his testimony, he
claimed Dou verbally informed him that he would be given a commission of
GBP10,000 for securing Elcarim’s purchase of goods from AIM under a purchase
order dated 10 April 2013. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 33 lines 15–17,
24–26; Defendant’s Bundle of Documents at p 186.

157 Second, it is curious why Dou would pay Zhang a commission for this
purchase, especially as it was not a transaction which involved UAT or FDS.
When this was put to him, Zhang testified that “all the purchase of detectors
from AIM are used for UAT or FDS” 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 36 lines
23–28.

– an assertion he provides no evidence for, nor was this put to Dou.

158 Third, Zhang did not refer to the AIM deal in his pleadings or his AEIC
but only raised this during the trial. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 145.

Further, the documents Zhang referred to do not say anything about Zhang’s
entitlement to a commission. He then asserted that the transactions would
appear in FS2014 – which did not make sense as an individual transaction would
not be recorded in a financial statement – as well as the general ledger of
2014, 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 36 lines
26–30.

which he did not pursue the production of. Zhang was opportunistically
referring to documents he knew were not before the Court.

159 Fourth, Zhang gave contrived evidence to support his claim. He provided
the following explanation, referring to the application form for the fund
transfer of GBP10,000:

If you look at the box below box 70, there is, on the right-hand side, a box
that says “Transaction Remark”. And there are two Chinese characters there---

…

The two Chinese characters stand for “Education”. It is very difficult for me
to link education and what is stated in box 70, “Market and setup charge”. So
my understanding is that this amount was paid to me as commission. As for how
it is paid or what remarks is stated, that is up to whoever Mr Dou Suoke had
arranged to transfer this. 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 39 lines 1–16;
2AB at p 406.

[emphasis added]

This evidence is nonsensical. Zhang later submitted that the aforesaid remarks
“are meant for facilitating the remittance out of money but does not usually
mean they represent the nature of the purpose between the remitter and the
receiver”. 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 51.

Not only was this not the case Zhang ran at trial, his denunciation of the
remarks in his submissions also contradicts his testimony quoted above. He was
again making up his case as he went along.

160 Dou stated that the payment of GBP10,000 to Zhang was “related to the
[GBP533,000] contract between Elcarim… and [Selex]” and was “in relation to
training fees”. 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 33 lines 27–29.

This is consistent with the “Education” remark in the application form for
fund transfer. 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 146.

This application also states “Remittance Information: market and setup
charge”. 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 16(a)(v); Tab 16; Dou’s SAEIC at para 9(b).

It is not clear, however, how the said “training fees” are related to “market
and setup charge”, and this was not explained. Elcarim further submits that
the description “market and setup charge” is similar to the descriptions for
other payments made directly to Elcarim, 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 146.

specifically, s/n 9 and s/n 11 on P2. I prefer Dou’s evidence on this issue,
as it is more consistent with the documentary evidence.

161 Finally, Zhang’s pleaded case on why he was given the GBP10,000 was
inconsistent, and he did not justify this (see [143] and [144] above), which
further casts doubt on his claims that this was a commission to which he was
entitled.

162 I therefore find that Zhang did not receive the sum of GBP10,000 as a
commission to him and that it was intended for onward payment to Elcarim. My
finding is also supported by the matters below.

(2) Whether Zhang made loans of $2,000 and $11,000 to Elcarim

163 Zhang’s allegation that he used the GBP10,000 commission to make loans to
Elcarim by making a cash deposit of $2,000 and a cheque deposit of $11,000 was
raised for the first time during trial. 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 35 line 9, p
37–39; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 42
lines 27–30, p 43 line 18.

Zhang provides no explanation for setting out these foundational aspects of
his case at such a late stage in the proceedings. 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 36 lines
18–22, p 37 lines 1–4.

Given my finding that the GBP10,000 payment was not intended for him, his
claim that he loaned the moneys to Elcarim necessarily fails.

164 Nonetheless, I highlight a further aspect of Zhang’s submissions, which
evidences the shifting nature of his case. In his closing submissions, Zhang
changed tack and submitted that:

Zhang did not transfer this sum of GBP10,000 as a loan to Elcarim. Zhang did
thereafter advance the sums of S$2,000 and S$11,000 on 6 May 2013 and 28 May
2013 respectively (see S/Ns 39 & 42 of Exhibit D4) but that came from his own
general funds of which the GBP10,000 is already part of. 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 54.

This was not the case that Zhang ran at trial, which is that he advanced some
of his commissions to Elcarim as a loan. 385

##### Foot Note 385

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 4(a)(ii) and 5C.

The submission was obviously made to circumvent the evidential difficulties
with his case, and I reject the same.

165 I also note that the only evidence Zhang can rely on to show that these
were loans by him to Elcarim is GL2013, 386

##### Foot Note 386

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 44 lines 8–12.

which records these as credit entries under the “DUE TO DIRECTOR – ZHANG
YONGTAI” category in GL2013 387

##### Foot Note 387

×

1AB at p 69.

(s/n 39 and s/n 42 in D4). But, as stated above, these entries would have been
made on Zhang’s instructions, and it is not his evidence that Pang had
independent knowledge that these were his loans. Zhang’s reliance on a cheque
stub dated 28 May 2013 evincing a cheque deposit of $11,000 to Elcarim 388

##### Foot Note 388

×

D7; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 7 / 15 March 2023) at p 76 lines
13–22; Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 81.

also does not take his case much further – it does not clarify whether this
was extended as an onward transfer or a loan.

166 In conclusion, I find that Zhang has not proven his claim that he extended
a loan of $13,000 to Elcarim.

167 Zhang refers to Low Sing Khiang v LogicMills Learning Centre Pte Ltd
[2023] SGHC 124 (“Low Sing Khiang”) to argue that his reliance on GL2013 and
bank statements to prove the said loans should be accepted. 389

##### Foot Note 389

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 82.

I do not accept this argument. First, the loan sought to be proven in Low Sing
Khiang by relying on a general ledger and bank statements was properly pleaded
(see Low Sing Khiang at [11], [18] and [89], in particular, notes 17 and 35).
Second, there was no dispute in that case about the accuracy of the general
ledger after its authenticity was established (Low Sing Khiang at [95]–[97]).
On the contrary, the accuracy of GL2013 is heavily contested in this case. 390

##### Foot Note 390

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at para 21.

Furthermore, the crucial question in this case was whether a deposit made by
Zhang to Elcarim was merely a transfer (ie, Zhang was to act as a conduit for
the moneys to Elcarim) or a loan. This distinction is not readily observable
from GL2013 both because it was inaccurate and because it was prepared on
Zhang’s instruction.

The ANZ Loan

168 I have accepted (at [47] above) that Zhang did, in fact, loan the $60,000
he obtained pursuant to the ANZ Loan to Elcarim. It therefore properly forms
part of the 685K Loan claim. I note that Zhang is not claiming the interest he
incurred in respect of the ANZ Loan. 391

##### Foot Note 391

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 1 lines 27–29,
33 and 34, p 2 lines 1, 2 and 14.

169 However, Zhang cannot claim the entire amount from Elcarim. Zhang accepts
that Elcarim made repayments directly to ANZ Bank amounting to $58,288, 392

##### Foot Note 392

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 2 line 23, p 4
lines 12–14.

which is consistent with Elcarim’s case that it had made 16 repayments of
$3,643 in respect of the ANZ Loan. 393

##### Foot Note 393

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) at para 13(a).

170 In the circumstances, the amount payable to Zhang in respect of the
$60,000 loan is $1,712.

Forgoing salaries

171 Zhang claims that part of the 685K Loan was from “the unpaid salaries for
that year from the company”, 394

##### Foot Note 394

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 20 line 5;
Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 31 lines 26–31,
p 34 lines 22–25; Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 15 lines
12–14, 19, 20, 30, 31, p 18 lines 12–17, p 19 lines 3–8.

presumably referring to the following sums in GL2013: 395

##### Foot Note 395

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 63 lines 13
and 14; 1AB at p 70.

S/n on D4 | (all references made to the section “DUE TO DIRECTOR – ZHANG YONGTAI” in GL2013) 396

##### Foot Note 396

× 1AB at pp 68–70.  
---|---  
Date | Credit amount | Description   
78| 30 September 2013| $32,997.50| DIRECTOR’ REMUNERATION DUED  
79| 30 September 2013| $28,709.50| SALARY PAID ON BEHALF  
  
172 I reject Zhang’s claim under this head.

173 Zhang did not specifically plead this claim. 397

##### Foot Note 397

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 107–111, 114(d) and
114(e).

He also did not state in his AEIC that he agreed to this (alleged) short-
payment of his salary at Dou’s request. At trial, he stated:

it is mentioned that I had extended personal loan to the company at Mr Dou’s
request. And this part of the loan is recorded in the company’s---amount due
to director account, so that is just one part. And in this amount due to
director account, there are also other sums of money that was due to me by the
company but which was not paid to me. The unpaid salaries also one part. 398

##### Foot Note 398

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 15 lines 19–24.

However, he later stated that, when his pleadings were drafted, he did not
know that unpaid salaries were part of the 685K Loan. 399

##### Foot Note 399

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 16 lines 9–14,
28–30.

It follows that Zhang could not have included this specific claim in his
pleadings. Zhang eventually recognised that he did not include this in his
pleadings. 400

##### Foot Note 400

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 34 line 13.

That disposes of this head of claim. I nonetheless consider the evidence
below.

174 Zhang provides insufficient evidence for his allegation that Elcarim had
failed to pay him salaries and that he had extended loans to Elcarim by
forgoing his salary. Zhang testified that although CPF statements might record
that Elcarim had paid him his salary, whether he actually received a salary
depended on whether Elcarim had sufficient funds to pay him. 401

##### Foot Note 401

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 62 lines
12–16.

His evidence was that “all the salaries that [Elcarim] did not pay [Zhang]
would be recorded under the ‘Due to director’ portion”. 402

##### Foot Note 402

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 62 lines 15
and 16.

However, when asked where in GL2013 it was recorded that there were moneys
owing to him as his salary, he stated, “I believe that in this GL[2013], there
is a high probability that J5 or J7 records the salaries that the company owes
me” 403

##### Foot Note 403

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 63 lines 13
and 14; 1AB at p 70.

and “I feel that it is recorded”. 404

##### Foot Note 404

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 63 line 28.

Zhang’s “belief” and reliance on a “probability” does not rise to the level of
proof required to make out his claim. GL2013 does not provide the breakdown
for or details of these two sums alleged by Zhang to be loans due to him (at
[175] and [176] below).

175 Furthermore, the sum of $32,997.50 allegedly owed to Zhang as director’s
remuneration (s/n 78 in D4) has a reference to “J/5”. “J/5” traces to a debit
entry under the category of “DIRECTOR’S REMUNERATION” in GL2013 and seems to
be CPF paid to Zhang 405

##### Foot Note 405

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 63 lines
15–20; 1AB at pp 70 and 76.

– this appears to refer to remuneration that has already been paid. This
therefore has nothing to do with Zhang’s monthly salary, and certainly does
not suggest that Zhang was not paid the said salary. 406

##### Foot Note 406

×

In addition, while the $32,997.50 debit entry under the category of
“DIRECTOR’S REMUNERATION” is also labelled “CPF” (1AB at p 76), there is no
corresponding entry in the category of “CPF” with the same “J/5” reference
(1AB at p 75; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p
64 lines 4–6). This is unlike a $10,009.50 debit entry under the category of
“DIRECTOR’S REMUNERATION” which is also labelled “CPF” and has a “J/4”
reference (1AB at p 76), which can be traced to a debit entry for the same sum
in the category of “CPF” with the same “J/4” reference (1AB at p 75; Zhang’s
XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 63 line 29 – p 64 line
5).

176 With regard to the sum of $28,709.50 (s/n 79 in D4), Zhang gave evidence
that these were salaries he paid on behalf of Elcarim to some employees. 407

##### Foot Note 407

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 67 lines
18–21, 26–28.

GL2013 appears to record $28,709.50 as a loan extended by Zhang to Elcarim and
the reference for that transaction, “J/7” traces to the “SALARY” category in
GL2013, where there is a debit entry for the same sum, 408

##### Foot Note 408

×

1AB at pp 70 and 82.

which together suggests that Elcarim had paid out these sums as salaries to
employees with moneys loaned to Elcarim by Zhang. However, this is
inconsistent with Zhang’s case that s/n 79 recorded the salaries that Elcarim
failed to pay him, which were thus regarded as a loan by Zhang to Elcarim. 409

##### Foot Note 409

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 63 lines 13
and 14; 1AB at p 70.

Zhang himself acknowledged at trial that it is not clear from GL013 what
comprises the sum of $28,709.50. 410

##### Foot Note 410

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 66 line 24.

177 Further, Zhang relies entirely on GL2013 to prove this claim; he neither
testified about instances where he forwent his salary, or paid the salaries of
others.

178 In the circumstances, I find that Zhang is not entitled to repayment of
these sums.

Office expenses

179 Zhang’s case is that he had extended loans to Elcarim by paying for
Elcarim’s office expenses in the sum of $104,337.70 (s/n 77 on D4).

180 This is again not specifically pleaded. Neither is it Zhang’s case that he
incurred these expenses at Dou’s request. While Zhang initially insisted that
he had pleaded these because “these expenses were already included in the
$685,593”, 411

##### Foot Note 411

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 20 lines 25 and
26.

he later conceded that he had not included it in his pleadings but insisted
that he was entitled to claim these sums. 412

##### Foot Note 412

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 34 lines 8–25.

Nonetheless, I go on to consider the evidence.

181 Elcarim does not dispute that Zhang did, from time to time, personally pay
for Elcarim’s expenses. Dou testified that Zhang used his personal credit card
to pay Elcarim’s expenses. 413

##### Foot Note 413

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 23 line 30 – p 24
line 3.

However, Dou also said that he had no knowledge of the company’s accounts and
was informed of this practice by Pang. 414

##### Foot Note 414

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 25 line 10.

Zhang’s evidence is that Dou authorised Zhang to make payments with his credit
card, 415

##### Foot Note 415

×

Zhang’s AEIC at paras 82 and 83, ZYT-23 and ZYT-24.

which is supported by:

(a) an email exchange wherein Dou acknowledged Zhang’s email stating, “I have
asked them to charge the payment to my credit card”, the payment being for a
sum “over SGD7000”; 416

##### Foot Note 416

×

Zhang’s AEIC at ZYT-23.

(b) a message exchange where Zhang states, “then use my credit card, easier”
and Dou replying “Ok”; 417

##### Foot Note 417

×

Zhang’s AEIC at ZYT-23.

and

(c) an email from Dou to Zhang stating, “This order will be covered the
following expense from advance your Credit Card”, 418

##### Foot Note 418

×

Zhang’s AEIC at ZYT-24.

which presumably means that the expenses listed therein were paid using
Zhang’s credit card. The expenses are reproduced below:

SELEX: GST38,024.20;

SELEX: GST7685.94

SELEX: GST9,038.7

OPGAL RangSec 640 GST: SGD16,748.66

Sight Line order payment: USD13,300

TOTAL Value: SGD88,541.44

However, Zhang does not link these exchanges to transactions in the GL2013,
which is the basis for the 685K Loan. I also note that [181(b)] and [181(c)]
above were exchanges which occurred on 29 December 2014 and 20 February 2014,
respectively, meaning these expenses would not be recorded in GL2013.
Furthermore, in respect of [181(a)], assuming Zhang was referring to a sum
between $7,000 and $7,999, there does not appear to be such a credit entry in
the “DUE TO DIECTOR-ZHANG YONGTAI” category in GL2013.

182 While the aforesaid shows that there were instances where Zhang paid
Elcarim’s expenses using his credit card at Dou’s request, it is not clear how
much of the 685K Loan Zhang alleges was incurred in this way.

183 I dismiss Zhang’s claim that he should be repaid for loans made to Elcarim
by way of paying for Elcarim’s office expenses, given that it was not pleaded
and insufficient evidence was led to explain this claim.

GST Input Tax

184 During the trial, Zhang asserted that he had extended loans to Elcarim by
paying for “GST Input Tax”. Zhang does not plead the payments of GST Input Tax
specifically as part of the 685K Loan he purportedly extended to Elcarim. He
did not provide evidence of this in his AEIC, nor was Dou cross-examined on
it. Nor was it put to Dou that Zhang had made these (alleged) loans at Dou’s
request.

185 In any case, I find that Zhang cannot recover this portion of the 685K
Loan, which amounts to $12,183.62. 419

##### Foot Note 419

×

1AB at pp 66 and 70.

The only basis advanced by Zhang for his recovering this sum is that “what is
recorded inside [FS2013] is the amounts I loaned to the company. So of course
I must claim what the company owes me”. 420

##### Foot Note 420

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 69 lines 1–3.

He did not testify that he had paid these sums or provide any details of the
relevant transactions, neither did he provide any documentary evidence of his
doing so. Furthermore, Zhang testified that the sum of $12,183.62 is not a
consolidated sum but rather was “just one of the impose GST amounts that I
have paid on behalf of the company”, so other figures recorded in GL2013 are
unhelpful in providing more details about this sum. 421

##### Foot Note 421

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 12 / 24 March 2023) at p 36 lines
11–19.

186 In so far as Zhang relies completely on FS2013, which was prepared based
on GL2013, I need only say that the accuracy of GL2013 is disputed, and Zhang
has made no effort to prove the accuracy of GL2013 (see [114]–[116] and also
[167] above).

187 I therefore dismiss this claim on the ground that it was not adequately
pleaded, and insufficient evidence was led.

Travelling expenses

188 Zhang seeks repayment of loans he extended to Elcarim by paying for
travelling expenses, which amount to $8,474.12 (s/n 81 on D4).

189 First, this was not specifically pleaded by Zhang. 422

##### Foot Note 422

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 107 and 114(c).

Nor was it put to Dou that he had asked Zhang to pay these expenses on behalf
of Elcarim. Elcarim’s witnesses were furthermore not cross-examined on this
issue and thereby did not have a chance to respond. I note that this is also
significant because some of the travel expenses alleged to be part of the 685K
Loan appear to have been made for Dou’s benefit, and Dou should have been
given the opportunity to respond to Zhang’s case.

190 Elcarim primarily takes issue with the fact that Zhang failed to produce
documentary evidence to show that he had paid the travelling expenses. 423

##### Foot Note 423

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 69 lines 26,
27, 31 and 32, p 70 lines 22–26.

However, Zhang testified that he provided those documents to Pang for him to
update the financial records of Elcarim.

191 I dismiss Zhang’s claim for travel expenses since it was not properly
pleaded, and there is insufficient evidence to support the same.

Cash deposits

192 Zhang’s case is that the 685K Loan 424

##### Foot Note 424

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 20 lines 4–8.

includes loans to Elcarim made by way of cash deposits. 425

##### Foot Note 425

×

This section does not deal with the $60,000 cash deposit pursuant to the ANZ
Loan – which has been dealt with above – or the cash deposits which Zhang says
were loans made out of his commissions, as these have also been dealt with
above.

Zhang’s evidence is that he made these loans on account of Elcarim’s cash flow
difficulties. 426

##### Foot Note 426

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 32.

I note at the outset that Zhang does not anywhere state how much of the 685K
Loan was allegedly made through cash deposits. In the circumstances, the
closest approximation I can use is by deducting from $685,539 the value of
other quantified heads and wrongly recorded entries, leaving a sum of
$33,285.95 (see below). But the difficulty with this is that Zhang also gave
evidence of another unquantified head of 685K Loan, namely, the loans extended
by way of forgone portions of his salary (see [198]–[202] below). It is
unclear how the balance sum of $33,285.39 is to be allocated between the two
categories, and this only underscores the lack of clarity with which Zhang ran
his case.

Item| Quantum  
---|---  
Loan purportedly owed by Elcarim to Zhang| $685,539  
|  
Wrongly recorded in GL2013 as loans to Elcarim| $4,500  
$5,000  
$50,000  
Commissions redirected as loans to Elcarim| $24,400  
$16,470  
$292,180.61  
$2,000  
$11,000  
ANZ Loan| $60,000  
Forgone salaries| $32,997.50  
$28,709.50  
Office expenses| $104,337.70  
GST Input Tax| $12,183.62  
Travelling expenses| $8,474.12  
Total deductions| $652,253.05  
|  
Loans extended by way of cash deposits and forgone portions of Zhang’s salary|
$33,285.95  
  
193 Zhang did not plead that he had extended loans to Elcarim by making cash
deposits into the company as part of his case, and he thus fails on this claim
(see [98] above).

194 Zhang also did not give evidence that these cash deposits were made at the
request of Dou (see [103(b)] above).

195 Zhang only gave evidence with respect to two cash deposits. Zhang
testified that he made two $1000 cash deposits from his personal bank account
into Elcarim to open two bank accounts (s/n 2 and s/n 73 on D4). 427

##### Foot Note 427

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 78 line 26 – p
79 line 2.

He also testified that he sometimes used cash to make purchases for Elcarim,
which were “not convenient … to be put into the company’s record [and] can
only be handled personally”. 428

##### Foot Note 428

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 74 line 29 – p
75 line 10.

However, he does not explain which cash deposits which formed part of the 685K
Loan were done pursuant to such an arrangement.

196 Therefore, apart from the two cash deposits of $1,000 each, the only basis
for Zhang’s assertion of the loans he made by way of cash deposits is GL2013.
For the reasons explained above (at [114]–[116] and [167]), I do not accept
GL2013 as sufficient evidence that Elcarim owes Zhang the portion of the 685K
Loan made by way of cash deposit. Furthermore, I have found that Zhang was not
truthful in relation to other cash deposits, which he claimed were his
commissions which he had extended as loans to Elcarim. I am therefore not
prepared to simply accept his assertion with respect to these cash deposits
without more.

197 I therefore find that Zhang extended loans to Elcarim by making the two
cash deposits amounting to $2,000. However, I find that Zhang’s claim fails as
this was not part of his pleadings.

Forgoing portions of his salary

198 Zhang’s case is that he had made loans to Elcarim by accepting a shortfall
in his salary. 429

##### Foot Note 429

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 15 lines 19, 20,
30 and 31.

I dismiss this part of Zhang’s claim.

199 First, Zhang did not plead that his (alleged) shortfall of salary payment
was part of the 685K Loan. He also did not include this in his AEIC. It was
only during trial that Zhang asserted this.

200 Second, Zhang merely asserted that there was an agreement between him and
Dou for him to collect a lower monthly salary than he was entitled to, with
the shortfall to be regarded as a loan from Zhang to Elcarim. 430

##### Foot Note 430

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 15 lines 12–14, 19
and 20, p 16 line 31 – p 17 line 3.

He provides no further details of the said agreement and adduces no objective
evidence to support this. Zhang’s reliance on his CPF statement for May 2014,
which states that Zhang was drawing a monthly salary of $11,000, is not
helpful 431

##### Foot Note 431

×

2AB at p 287; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 17
lines 12–14.

as it says nothing about whether the reduction in his salary was regarded as a
loan to Elcarim. More importantly, I have found (above at [92]) that Zhang was
entitled to a salary of only $11,000 a month, and there is, therefore, no
question of Zhang loaning any shortfall to Elcarim.

201 Third, and crucially, Zhang’s evidence concerning his short-paid salaries
is inconsistent with the position he takes on the 685K Loan, specifically,
that he is asking for repayment his loans extended to Elcarim as at 30
September 2013 (see [15] above). While Zhang states that he had “refrain[ed]
from collecting [his] salary (in full or in part)” 432

##### Foot Note 432

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 32.

and that “the difference between [his] actual salary of $18,000/- and the
reduced amounts that [he] actually received had been captured and reflected in
the General Ledger as loans by me to Elcarim”, 433

##### Foot Note 433

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 121.

the time period he referred to when making these statements is between May
2014 and June 2015, which, on Zhang’s own case, is not part of the 685K Loan.

202 I, therefore, find that Zhang did not extend any loans to Elcarim by way
of the shortfall in monthly salaries he was paid, and he is not entitled to
repayment for these sums.

Deductions from the 685K Loan

203 Elcarim claims that even if Zhang establishes the 685K Loan claim or any
part thereof, it should be reduced by the sums of $35,508.46 and $60,588.72,
which are sums that Zhang has admitted to receiving from Elcarim. 434

##### Foot Note 434

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 206 and 207.

While Zhang acknowledges that he received these payments, he disagrees that
the 685K Loan should be reduced as they were repaid after 30 September 2013.
For the reasons explained above, I disagree with Zhang. It is not his pleaded
case that he extended loans after 30 September 2013, and even if he did, any
payments he received should first be applied towards the earlier loans
extended by him. Elcarim should therefore be given credit for these payments.

204 Elcarim also asserts that the following deductions should be made from the
sums allegedly owed by Elcarim to Zhang:

Page on P6 | Date | Sums   
---|---|---  
1| 14 October 2014| $546  
$851.92  
$1,075.23  
$134.90  
2| 6 February 2015| $121.43  
$3,683.37  
$11,320.79  
$227.86  
$32  
  
Zhang confirmed at trial that he received these payments, and as stated above,
he does not attribute these to loans he extended to Elcarim after 30 September
2013. 435

##### Foot Note 435

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 / 23 March 2023) at p 84 line 23 – p
85 line 7.

205 The total payments from Elcarim to Zhang after 30 September 2013 therefore
amount to $114,090.68.

206 In the circumstances, in so far as I have allowed any sums in respect of
the 685K Loan, these have been extinguished by these repayments.

207 I therefore dismiss the 685K Loan claim.

Issue 7: transfer of Elcarim shares

The parties’ cases

208 Zhang brings a claim against Dou asking for the delivery of the Shares, in
the alternative, damages to be assessed. 436

##### Foot Note 436

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at the last paragraph.

Zhang pleads that on 11 June 2015, after his termination from Elcarim, he
discovered that the Shares had been transferred to Dou without his authority.
Zhang claims that Dou promised to value and pay him for the Shares, but Dou
did not do so. 437

##### Foot Note 437

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 29–34.

209 Dou’s case is that the Shares were transferred from Zhang to Dou pursuant
to the SPA dated 28 February 2015. This arose because:

(a) Zhang suggested, around the end of September 2013, that the share capital
of Elcarim be increased to $1.5m, which would require the shareholders to pay
up the relevant share capital in proportion to their shareholdings. At the
time, Dou had already paid about $750,000 as capital for Elcarim. Since Zhang
did not have the ability to pay for the increase in share capital, Dou
arranged a further capital injection of $750,000 into Elcarim on Zhang’s
behalf as a loan to him.

(b) Around April 2014, Pang and Zhang had a disagreement concerning the
selection of a delivery service company. Pang informed Dou of this. 438

##### Foot Note 438

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 18(d); Elcarim’s Reply
and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 11(d).

(c) Around January 2015, after a further disagreement between Pang and Zhang,
Zhang threatened to wind up Elcarim. Pang suggested that Zhang and Dou enter
the SPA. 439

##### Foot Note 439

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 32 and 33.

(d) On 28 February 2015, Zhang and Dou entered the SPA. 440

##### Foot Note 440

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 18(f); Elcarim’s Reply
and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 11(f).

210 Dou’s case is that under the SPA, Zhang pledged the Shares to Dou as
collateral for the sum of $750,000, which Dou loaned to Zhang, 441

##### Foot Note 441

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 18(h); Elcarim’s Reply
and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 11(g).

and entitled Dou to transfer the Shares at any time. 442

##### Foot Note 442

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 18(i); Elcarim’s Reply
and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 11(h).

On the same day, the following documents were also prepared: an undated share
transfer form for the transfer of the Shares to Dou signed by Dou and Zhang
(the “Share Transfer Form”); an “undated extraordinary general meeting” (the
“Share Transfer EGM Notice”) signed by Pang; and an undated directors’
resolution to approve the transfer of the Shares to Dou signed by Zhang and
Pang (the “Share Transfer Director’s Resolution”) 443

##### Foot Note 443

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 19; Elcarim’s Reply
and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 12.

(collectively, the “Share Transfer Documents”).

211 Following a disagreement between Dou and Zhang in May 2015, Dou decided to
remove Zhang from Elcarim. 444

##### Foot Note 444

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 40 and 41.

Dou therefore exercised his rights under the SPA and transferred the Shares to
himself on 10 June 2015 (the “Share Transfer”), 445

##### Foot Note 445

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 21; Elcarim’s Reply
and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 14.

and procured Elcarim to terminate Zhang (see above).

212 Zhang states that the agreement he had with Dou was for Dou to be solely
responsible for contributing capital to Elcarim; 446

##### Foot Note 446

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 5B; Zhang’s AEIC
at para 106.

he did not suggest an increase in Elcarim’s share capital; 447

##### Foot Note 447

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 6.

and the payments which Dou made to Zhang were not loans to him but Dou’s
capital contributions to Elcarim. 448

##### Foot Note 448

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 6A; Zhang’s AEIC
at paras 106(a), 106(b) and 107; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 11 /
23 March 2023) at p 54 lines 8 and 9.

Zhang also denies that he signed any documents for the transfer of the Shares,
including the SPA, and that his signatures on those documents were forged. 449

##### Foot Note 449

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 5.

The burden and standard of proof

213 The main issue in dispute is a factual one: did Zhang execute the SPA and
the Share Transfer Documents? Zhang pleads in the alternative that even if he
did sign the said documents, the SPA was void for failure of consideration.

214 It is settled law that the burden of proof for establishing fraud or
forgery is not more onerous than the ordinary civil standard – see Alwie
Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito [2013] 4 SLR 308 (“Alwie Handoyo”) at [159] and
[160]; and that in so far as proof of fraud or forgery is concerned, the
distinction lies in the sphere of practical application rather than in the
legal standard of proof: Chua Kwee Chen v Koh Choon Chin [2006] 3 SLR(R) 469
at [39].

215 It is also a fundamental aspect of litigation that the legal burden to
prove an allegation lies on the party making the assertion: Alwie Handoyo at
[157]. The legal burden, therefore, lies on Zhang to prove that his signatures
on the SPA and the Share Transfer Documents were forged, as he asserts.

216 However, the legal and evidentiary burden on each party should not be
conflated or confused. The Court of Appeal held in Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith
& Associates Far East Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855 (at [60]) that:

… at the start of the plaintiff’s case, the legal burden of proving the
existence of any relevant fact that the plaintiff must prove and the
evidential burden of adducing some (not inherently incredible) evidence of the
existence of such fact coincide. Upon adduction of that evidence, the
evidential burden shifts to the defendant, as the case may be, to adduce some
evidence in rebuttal. If no evidence in rebuttal is adduced, the court may
conclude from the evidence of the plaintiff that the legal burden is also
discharged and making a finding on the fact against the defendant. If, on the
other hand, evidence in rebuttal is adduced, the evidential burden shifts back
to the plaintiff. If, ultimately, the evidential burden comes to rest on the
defendant, the legal burden of proof of that relevant fact would have been
discharged by the plaintiff.

[emphasis added]

Similarly, the Court of Appeal in Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-
Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank International), Singapore Branch v
Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 63 recognised that ss 103 and 105 of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) place the burden of proving a fact on
the party who asserts the existence of any fact in issue or relevant fact; the
burden may then shift to the other party to contradict, weaken or explain away
the evidence led (at [30]).

217 In this case, both Dou and Zhang have given directly contradicting
evidence as to whether Zhang signed the SPA and the Share Transfer. Dou’s
evidence is corroborated by Mr Yan Hui (“Mr Yan”), who claimed to have
witnessed Zhang signing the documents. Both Zhang and Dou also called experts,
who also gave diametrically opposite evidence as to the genuineness of Zhang’s
signatures on the documents. Whether Zhang has discharged the legal burden on
him, therefore, turns on a close examination of the relevant evidence.

218 I deal first with the factual evidence, as I consider that to have the
more direct and important bearing on the issue. In this regard, I have
expressed serious doubts about the honesty and credibility of both Dou and
Zhang on some of the issues discussed above. I am therefore cautious of
accepting any unsupported assertions made by either of them and will give more
weight where their respective testimonies are supported by, or consistent
with, the objective evidence.

The factual evidence

The parties’ cases

219 Dou’s evidence is that, on 28 February 2015, he and Zhang signed three to
four copies of the SPA and the Share Transfer Documents in the presence of Mr
Yan, 450

##### Foot Note 450

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 34 and 36.

and Pang signed them the next day. 451

##### Foot Note 451

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 38.

Dou testified that the said documents were signed in the evening, 452

##### Foot Note 452

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 56 lines 25–26.

in the living room of an apartment, at #08-69 Neptune Court, rented by
Elcarim. 453

##### Foot Note 453

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 56 lines 26–31, p
57 lines 16–20.

This was corroborated by Mr Yan. 454

##### Foot Note 454

×

Mr Yan’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 6 / 14 March 2023) at p 16 line 25, p
21 lines 5–8.

220 Zhang claims that he did not sign the SPA and Share Transfer and first saw
them only after this action was commenced. 455

##### Foot Note 455

×

Notice to Produce Document Referred to in Pleading or Affidavit dated 31 May
2021; Notice Where Documents May Be Inspected dated 8 June 2021; Reply to
Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 5; Zhang’s XX / Certified
Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 66 lines 14, 25–29.

He claims he discovered that the Shares had been transferred on 30 July 2015.
456

##### Foot Note 456

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 38 line 7.

He asked for copies of the transfer documents in the 3 September 2015 Letter
but did not receive a response. In this regard, it is not Dou’s evidence that
copies of the documents were given to Zhang prior to their being disclosed in
this action.

221 There are several difficulties with Dou’s case.

The terms of the SPA

222 It is Dou’s evidence that the SPA was drafted by Pang. Although this is
not pleaded by Dou, in his AEIC, Dou claimed that there was a discussion
between himself, Zhang and Pang in February 2015 where Pang suggested that Dou
and Zhang enter into the SPA. 457

##### Foot Note 457

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 32 and 33.

Pang then drafted and prepared the SPA “in accordance with what was discussed
at the said meeting”. 458

##### Foot Note 458

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 33.

Dou’s failure to call Pang undermines Dou’s case. I shall elaborate on this
below.

223 The SPA is a poorly drafted and confusing document. Its preamble provides
as follows:

For value received, the Pledgor hereby deposits and pledges with the Pledgee,
the 750,000 (SEVEN HUNDREDS AND FIFTY THOUSANDS) Ordinary Shares of Singapore
Dollar One (S$1-00) only each (Total value ”SGD SEVEN HUNDREDS AND FIFTY
THOUSANDS), in the undertaking call the ELCARIM SCIENCE PTE. LTD. (UEN:
201219519Z), collateral security described below to secure the payment of the
following:

750,000 (SEVEN HUNDREDS AND FIFTY THOUSANDS) Ordinary Shares of Singapore
Dollar One (S$1-00) only each, in the undertaking called the ELCARIM SCIENCE
PTE. LTD. (UEN: 201219519Z).

The personal property that is pledged as collateral includes the followings:

A sum of money of Singapore Dollars SEVEN HUNDREDS AND FIFTY THOUSANDS Only
and;

A sum of money representing the total assets in the most updated financial
statements of the undertaking called ELCARIM SCIENCE PTE. LTD.
(UEN:201219519Z). 459

##### Foot Note 459

×

Dou’s AEIC at Tab 38.

224 Amongst other things, it is unclear what the SPA means by the sum of
$750,000 being the “personal property that is pledged as collateral”. There is
also no reference in the SPA to Dou lending Zhang the sum of $750,000.
Furthermore, on the face of it, the preamble of the SPA suggests that a sum of
$750,000 and the value of the total assets of Elcarim were pledged as
collateral for the Shares, which is inconsistent with Dou’s case that the
Shares were security for his loan to Zhang of $750,000. 460

##### Foot Note 460

×

Zhang’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at paras 14 and 15.

Nonetheless, it is not Zhang’s pleaded case that the SPA is void or
unenforceable for uncertainty, or its terms are ineffective to pledge the
Shares in favour of Dou.

225 Clauses 3 and 4 of the SPA provide for various events of default and the
remedies for such default. The remedies for default include Dou doing the
following (clause 4 of the SPA does not state if these are alternatives or if
Dou may do one or more of the following):

(a) declaring “the obligations” immediately due and payable “with demand,
presentment, protest or notice to [Zhang], all of which [Zhang] expressly
waives”;

(b) enforcing against Zhang payment of $750,000 and, in addition, another sum
of money equivalent to the total assets of Elcarim;

(c) at Dou’s option and without notice to Zhang, transfer the Shares to Dou or
his nominees.

226 The relevant term is Clause 5 of the SPA, which allows Dou, as and when he
thinks fit, to transfer Zhang’s shares to himself or his nominees. Clause 5 is
reproduced below:

If the Pledgee has reasonable grounds to believe that the Pledgor is unable to
oblige the duties under this agreement, or as and when the [Pledgee] thinks
fit, he may transfer and register and Collateral [defined in the preamble
reproduced at [223] above] in his name or the name of his nominees.

Dou relied on Clause 5 to transfer the Shares to himself. Clause 5 does not
provide what happens to Zhang’s other obligations in that event. Unlike a
transfer in the event of default as provided under Clause 4, Clause 5 does not
provide that Dou may effect the transfer without notice to Zhang.

227 Dou says he left it to Pang to draft the SPA. 461

##### Foot Note 461

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 33; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023)
at p 42 lines 14 and 15; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March
2023) at p 55 line 31 – p 56 line 5.

But Dou did not call Pang to give evidence to explain why or how the SPA came
to be drafted in this manner (see also [295]–[301] below).

228 On any view, the SPA imposes very onerous terms on Zhang: he stood to lose
the Shares at any time of Dou’s choosing 462

##### Foot Note 462

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 125; Zhang’s Written Reply Closing
Submissions at paras 10–13.

and thereby lose his interest in the business he helped build. Further, if
there is an event of default, he is liable to pay not just the sum of $750,000
but a sum equivalent to the total assets of Elcarim. No explanation was given
by Dou as to why Zhang needed to pay this additional sum or how this term was
arrived at. Dou claims that these terms are in accordance with what was
discussed between him and Zhang 463

##### Foot Note 463

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 33.

but, crucially, this alleged discussion was not put to Zhang.

229 The question then arises as to why Zhang would agree to such onerous
terms. Dou’s evidence as to the circumstances leading to the SPA does not
account for this. I deal with this in detail below.

Dou’s alleged loan to Zhang

230 The SPA was (purportedly) intended to secure the loan of $750,000 to Zhang
to finance his contribution to Elcarim’s share capital. This, in turn, raises
questions of whether (a) it was agreed between Dou and Zhang that Zhang would
pay for his 50% interest in Elcarim; and (b) Dou agreed to and did, in fact
extend, a loan of $750,000 to Zhang?

(1) Did Zhang have an obligation to pay half of the capital contribution in
Elcarim?

231 I find that Zhang was not obliged to contribute half of Elcarim’s capital.
This contradicts Dou’s case regarding the genesis of the SPA and casts doubt
on the authenticity of the SPA.

232 First, Dou’s original pleaded case does not assert that Zhang was required
to pay for the Shares. In his Defence and Counterclaim, Zhang pleads that Dou
would provide the “initial capital” notwithstanding that Zhang held 50% of the
shares in Elcarim. 464

##### Foot Note 464

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 4(f).

In response, Dou pleads that Zhang told him he did not have the financial
ability to run a company in Singapore and that Dou told Zhang that Dou could
provide the necessary financial support. 465

##### Foot Note 465

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 5.

Dou also pleads that he agreed with Zhang that he and/or his Hong Kong
companies would inject the necessary funds for Elcarim’s business operations
as and when required, and Zhang would handle the management of Elcarim and
hold 50% shares and the other 50% on trust for Dou. 466

##### Foot Note 466

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 6.

Prior to an amendment made late in the proceedings on 23 January 2023 (dealt
with in the next paragraph), Dou did not plead that Zhang was obliged to pay
for his 50% interest in Elcarim.

233 Second, the way Dou’s advanced his case is suspicious. On 23 January 2023,
Dou amended his Defence and Counterclaim to include a new paragraph which
referred to a “2012 Contract”, 467

##### Foot Note 467

×

Dou’s AEIC at Tab 6.

which he claims was signed by both parties in August 2012 to “formalise the
terms of the agreement referred to in paragraph six” (the “2012 Contract”).
468

##### Foot Note 468

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 6A.

The 2012 Contract expressly provides that both Dou and Zhang were to fund
their own respective contributions and/or investments in Elcarim. The terms of
the 2012 Contract are reproduced in full below:

In August 2012, Mr. Dou Suoke (Passport No: [xxxxxxxxx]) and Singaporean Mr.
Zhang Yongtai (ID:[xxxxxxxxx]) have reached the agreement in Beijing, China,
as follows:

1\. In respect of ELCARIM SCIENCE PTE LTD , a company founded by Mr. Zhang
Yongtai in Singapore in August 2012, both parties each hold 50% of the
company’s shares.

2\. The 50% company shares owned by Mr. Dou Suoke are placed under the name of
Mr. Zhang Yongtai, and Mr. Zhang Yongtai holds these 50% company shares on
behalf of Mr. Dou Suoke.

3\. The registered share capital of the company are contributed by both
parties. Mr. Zhang Yongtai is obliged to ensure that the funds remitted by Mr.
Dou Suoke (or Dou Suoke’s company) through Mr. Zhang Yongtai’s personal
account are solely allocated as investment from Mr. Dou Suoke into ELCARIM
SCIENCE PTE LTD. for the purposes of share capital as well as company
development.

4\. Mr. Zhang Yongtai holds position as representative of the company. Monthly
salary is SGD10,000. This shall be effective from September 2012.

234 Zhang disputes the authenticity of the 2012 Contract in his Reply to
Defences to Counterclaim, 469

##### Foot Note 469

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 3A.

and claims he only saw the 2012 Contract for the first time in Dou’s AEIC
filed on 27 January 2023. Zhang states that the terms of their joint venture
were never reduced into writing 470

##### Foot Note 470

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 11.

and testified that he did not sign the 2012 Contract. 471

##### Foot Note 471

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 7 / 15 March 2023) at p 101 lines 1–9;
Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 66 lines 26–29.

235 The 2012 Contract is, on its face, a material document evidencing the
terms of the agreement between the parties. Dou is relying on the 2012
Contract and therefore bears the legal burden of proving that Zhang signed the
same. However, the authenticity of the 2012 Contract is doubtful.

236 First, Dou did not offer a good explanation as to why the 2012 Contract
was produced so late. 472

##### Foot Note 472

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 180 and 184.

He claimed it was found by his employee, Ms Zhang Hui (“Ms Zhang”), only in
November 2022 after a search of the offices of Liontime in Beijing. 473

##### Foot Note 473

×

Dou’s affidavit dated 9 February 2023 in support of Elcarim’s Reply and
Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) and Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim
(Amendment No. 4) at para 8.

But he offered two different versions of how that search was initiated: 474

##### Foot Note 474

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 200–202.

(a) In his affidavit of 9 February 2023, Dou claimed that his accounting
expert from Deloitte had requested that Elcarim provide supporting documents
for his review, including any loan agreements between Zhang and Dou that were
made in 2012 and 2013. Dou stated that he “could not recall whether such loan
agreements existed” and when he asked Ms Zhang, she “recalled vaguely that
[Dou] had previously signed one such agreement”; 475

##### Foot Note 475

×

Dou’s affidavit dated 9 February 2023 in support of Elcarim’s Reply and
Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) and Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim
(Amendment No. 4) at paras 7 and 8.

(b) In his cross-examination, Dou stated twice that when he had been asked by
Deloitte if there was anything in writing in relation to the joint venture in
Elcarim, he had remembered that there was an agreement in 2012 and had
instructed his staff in Beijing and Hong Kong to look for it. It was following
these searches that they “found the [2012 Contract]” within the reimbursement
file of the finance department”. 476

##### Foot Note 476

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 48 lines 16–30.

Dou could not explain this inconsistency and merely reiterated that when
Deloitte asked for documents, he “vaguely [did] remember having such a
document but at that point in time, [he could not] confirm [it]”, and asked Ms
Zhang about it. 477

##### Foot Note 477

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 51 lines 22–26.

237 Second, if all that was required to trigger Dou’s memory was his expert
asking him if there were documents evidencing his agreement with Zhang, it is
surprising that that question would not have been asked or contemplated when
he was preparing his pleadings in this action. 478

##### Foot Note 478

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 198 and 203.

It is also curious that Dou testified as follows:

I did not think that it was an important document in 2012. It was until 2022
when Deloitte questioned us as to whether there were any written documents
because that would be important to me. And frankly speaking, before that, I’ve
never thought that such a document is important. It’s upon their reminder that
I started to try to recall the existence of such document. And before this
actually I had no impression of such a document at all. 479

##### Foot Note 479

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 49 lines 6–11.

Dou’s effort to downplay the significance of the 2012 Contract to explain the
delay in producing it contradicts its purported significance to his case as
the only written record of the terms of the joint venture between him and
Zhang.

238 Third, even if Dou had forgotten about the 2012 Contract, he would not
have forgotten an important term that Zhang was to pay for his own shares. 480

##### Foot Note 480

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 186–189.

However, as noted above, this was not pleaded in paragraph 6 of his Defence to
Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4), which in fact gave a contrary impression.

239 Fourth, the terms of the 2012 Contract are unusual. It did not “formalise
the agreement” pleaded 481

##### Foot Note 481

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 6.

but introduced other terms. 482

##### Foot Note 482

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 186.

Over and above Zhang’s obligation to pay for his own shares, it stated that
Zhang was obliged to ensure that Dou’s funds remitted to Zhang’s personal bank
account would be used exclusively for Elcarim’s registered share capital and
business development. It is odd that a term as specific as that would be
discussed at the inception of the joint venture and put in writing, and Dou
did not explain in his AEIC or at trial why that term was included or even
discussed. 483

##### Foot Note 483

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 190–196.

Zhang was also not cross-examined on what was discussed at the meeting and
whether they were accurately recorded in the 2012 Contract.

240 Indeed, when Dou was cross-examined on this, he said that he did not know,
prior to August 2013, that he could transfer moneys for his share capital
contribution directly to Elcarim. 484

##### Foot Note 484

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 4 / 9 March 2023) at p 93 lines 6–29.

He testified that Zhang had suggested that Dou transfer moneys meant for
Elcarim’s capital to Zhang, for him to then transfer to Elcarim’s account, 485

##### Foot Note 485

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 4 / 9 March 2023) at p 92 lines 7–10.

and it was only after around August 2013 that Pang informed Dou that he could
pay such funds directly to Elcarim. 486

##### Foot Note 486

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 4 / 9 March 2023) at p 93 lines 15–18.

I note that, somewhat confusingly, Dou also testified as follows:

Q The reason why it has to be paid into Zhang Yongtai’s personal account – the
172,500 – is because it’s meant for capital contribution. And since Mr Zhang
Yongtai was a registered 100% shareholder, he has to be seen as the one who is
paying into the capital. You agree or disagree? That’s the whole reason why
it’s paid into Zhang Yongtai’s account. Agree or disagree?

A I definitely disagree.

[emphasis added]

If Dou did not believe that his capital contributions to Elcarim had to be
routed through Zhang, then it is inexplicable why he had begun and continued
with such an arrangement for some time and even after August 2013.
Specifically, on 30 September 2013, 12 November 2013 and 14 November 2013, Dou
made payments to Zhang which were intended to be capital contributions to
Elcarim. 487

##### Foot Note 487

×

P2.

241 Dou called expert evidence to support his assertion that Zhang’s signature
on the 2012 Contract was genuine. For reasons I will give later, I place very
little weight on that evidence. In any event, it does not displace the strong
inference from the evidence above that the 2012 Contract is not a genuine
document.

242 By virtue of the foregoing, I do not accept the 2012 Contract as
persuasive evidence that Zhang was obliged to provide 50% of Elcarim’s
capital.

243 Third, save for the 2012 Contract, there is no documentary evidence,
including any emails, evidencing Zhang’s obligation to contribute to Elcarim’s
share capital. If Zhang did owe an obligation to make capital contributions
and failed to do so from 2012 until the alleged signing of the SPA on 28
February 2015, it is strange why Dou would not have made any requests for
Zhang to either repay Dou or make capital injections into Elcarim, or recorded
in writing the sums which he had loaned to Zhang. In contrast, Dou was careful
to record a loan of $90,000 made by FDS to Zhang (according to Dou’s own
evidence in the DC Suit) 488

##### Foot Note 488

×

4AB at pp 1124, 1159 and 1160 (Dou’s AEIC in the DC Suit).

and prepare a written acknowledgment by Zhang of a personal loan of $7,000
from Dou. 489

##### Foot Note 489

×

4AB at p 1316.

As shown earlier, even commission payments to Zhang were evidenced in writing.
Yet, there is no documentary evidence of a much larger loan to Zhang. 490

##### Foot Note 490

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 132 and 133.

(2) Agreement between Dou and Zhang to increase Elcarim’s share capital

244 Dou pleads that around the end of September 2013, Zhang suggested to him
that Elcarim’s share capital be increased to $1,500,000 “to reflect Elcarim’s
higher earnings”. 491

##### Foot Note 491

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 18(a).

Zhang denies this. 492

##### Foot Note 492

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 6; Zhang’s AEIC at
paras 102 and 106.

Dou pleads that his contributions to Elcarim, whether done personally or
through his companies, as at September 2013 was approximately $1m, 493

##### Foot Note 493

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 18(b).

and Dou’s position is that as at October 2013, Elcarim had a paid-up share
capital of $800,000. 494

##### Foot Note 494

×

Zhang’s SAEIC at para 11; Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 103.

Dou claims he procured his companies to make the following payments to Zhang’s
personal HSBC account as loans to Zhang for Zhang’s capital contribution of
$750,000, 495

##### Foot Note 495

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at paras 18(a)–18(c)(iv);
Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at paras
11(a)–11(c)(iv).

and to increase the capital of Elcarim to $1.5m: 496

##### Foot Note 496

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at paras 18(ca)–18(cc);
Elcarim’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 11(cb).

(a) on 30 September 2013, UAT transferred a sum of GBP100,000 (s/n 18 on P2);

(b) on 30 September 2013, FDS transferred a sum of GBP 150,000 (s/n 19 on P2);

(c) on 12 November 2013, FDS transferred a sum of EUR150,000 (s/n 21 on P2);
and

(d) on 14 November 2013, FDS transferred a sum of EUR 150,000 (s/n 23 on P2).

(collectively, the “Payments”)

245 Zhang admits that Dou made the above payments to his personal HSBC
account, which he then transferred to Elcarim but maintained that these were
intended as Dou’s injection of capital into Elcarim. 497

##### Foot Note 497

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 5B, 5D and 6A;
Zhang’s AEIC at para 106.

He further claimed that these moneys were, in any event, routed back to Dou.
498

##### Foot Note 498

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 6A and 6C;
Zhang’s AEIC at para 106.

246 Dou’s case is not supported by the evidence.

247 First, it is not logical that Zhang would suggest an increase in capital
which would require him to provide funds which he did not have. Even on Dou’s
case, Dou needed to loan moneys to Zhang to make this payment. As stated
above, it is also Dou’s own pleaded case that Zhang informed him that he did
not have the financial ability to run a company in Singapore. 499

##### Foot Note 499

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 5.

It is even more unlikely that Zhang would impose such a heavy financial
commitment on himself when Elcarim was only about a year into its operations.

248 Second, as noted above (at [243]), although Dou claims to have lent large
sums of money to Zhang, there is no documentary evidence that these payments
were loans to Zhang.

249 Third, and importantly, Dou confirmed in cross-examination that Zhang did
not speak to him about increasing Elcarim’s share capital to $1.5m and that he
did not reach an agreement with Zhang on this: 500

##### Foot Note 500

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 117.

Court: Listen to the question carefully. Was there any agreement between you
and Mr Zhang that the paid up capital of Elcarim should be 1.5 million.

[Dou]: I did not agree to this. Neither has he spoke to me about this before.
501

##### Foot Note 501

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 4 / 9 March 2023) at p 94 lines 23–27.

This completely undermines Dou’s pleaded case. 502

##### Foot Note 502

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 117.

I also note that Zhang was not cross-examined about the purported agreement to
increase the share capital in Elcarim to $1.5m.

250 Fourth, based on the relevant exchange rates at the time, the four
payments referred to above totalled about S$1m, and not S$750,000, which Dou
claimed he was lending Zhang. 503

##### Foot Note 503

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 99 and 100.

Dou does not explain this discrepancy. Perhaps realising this difficulty, Dou
sought to conceal it by amending his pleadings:

(a) Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) reads:

As the Plaintiff did not have the financial ability to pay for the increase in
share capital, the 2nd Defendant lent the Plaintiff money in order that the
Plaintiff could pay for his share of the capital contribution to Elcarim. The
2nd Defendant therefore procured a transfer of approximately S$750,000 to
Elcarim the following transfers to Elcarim directly and/or indirectly on the
Plaintiff’s behalf. 504

##### Foot Note 504

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 18(c).

[emphasis added]

(b) Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) reads:

As the Plaintiff did not have the financial ability to pay for the increase in
share capital, the 2nd Defendant lent the Plaintiff money in order that the
Plaintiff could pay for his share of the capital contribution to Elcarim. The
2nd Defendant therefore procured the following transfers to Elcarim directly
and/or indirectly on the Plaintiff’s behalf. 505

##### Foot Note 505

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 18(c).

[emphasis added]

(c) The listed transfers remain consistent in both versions.

When confronted with this inconsistency, Dou’s explanation was that his
lawyers had misunderstood what he said, and Zhang’s lawyers had given them
timelines that were too short. 506

##### Foot Note 506

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 46 line 29 – p 47
line 16.

I do not accept this explanation.

251 The incongruence between the agreed loan of $750,000 and the sums sent to
Zhang casts doubt on Dou’s case that the Payments were extended specifically
as “transfers to Elcarim directly and/or indirectly on [Zhang’s] behalf”. 507

##### Foot Note 507

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 18(c).

252 Fifth, it is Dou’s evidence that he was only aware of Elcarim’s registered
capital as at 2013 in 2021:

A I got to know that the company’s registered capital in 2013 was this figure
only in April 2021, so how am I supposed to agree? So if you’re asking if I
agree, are you asking if I agree to it today or prior to April 2021?

Q I put it to you that it’s not true that you didn’t know because paying up
capital is something that you have always been liaising with Zhang and with
Pang. And you know that ACRA record is being updated.

A No. 508

##### Foot Note 508

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 19 lines 10–16.

…

A It’s not a matter of whether I agree or disagree. Of course, I would
disagree, but the fact was I---I’m not aware of this. I knew nothing about
this prior to May 2021. [I started] reading the company’s financial statements
in 2021 and discovered this figure. It was then that I got the accountants to
try and explain---give an explanation for this amount.

Q I put it to you that it’s definitely not true that you only know of all this
in 2021 because by 2018, you already asked your accountant, Donald Ho, to do
up the accounts for you for whatever reason.

A I disagree. 509

##### Foot Note 509

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 20 lines 11–19.

…

Q Are you telling us that you know nothing about the payment of capital into
Elcarim Science until May of 2021?

A Sometime in October 2012, Zhang Yongtai told me that the 172,000 that I have
transferred to him would be used towards the company’s registered capital. And
I am not aware of anything else. And I happened to see the financial
statements in May 2021. And we found the general ledger for 2013 in early
2022. 510

##### Foot Note 510

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 22 lines 12–17.

[emphasis added]

253 If this is true, how did Dou know how much to lend to Zhang as Zhang’s
share of the capital contributions? 511

##### Foot Note 511

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 113–116.

Dou did not explain.

254 I therefore find that Zhang did not suggest the increase of Elcarim’s
share capital to $1.5m and that there was no agreement between them that Dou
would loan moneys to Zhang to fund his share of that increase.

(3) How the moneys were used

255 The following table sets out the movement of funds:

Sum and date of transfer to Zhang| Movement of funds (left to right)  
---|---  
GBP100,000 30 September 2013| UAT| Zhang (s/n 18 on P2)| Elcarim(s/n 20 on P2)  
GBP150,00030 September 2013| FDS| Zhang (s/n 19 on P2)  
EUR150,00012 November 2013| FDS| Zhang (s/n 21 on P2)| Elcarim| EUR270,000 to
UAT (s/n 22 and 24 on P2)EUR30,000 to Elcarim’s SGD account  
EUR150,00014 November 2013| FDS| Zhang (s/n 23 on P2)| Elcarim  
  
256 I deal first with the first two of the Payments. Zhang pleads that they
were “meant for capital injection to [Elcarim] and later forwarded to the
suppliers in the UK and Europe or returned to Dou”, 512

##### Foot Note 512

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 6C.

but does not plead specifically how the first two Payments were returned to
Dou; and did not give any evidence that the first two Payments were routed
back to Dou or his companies. 513

##### Foot Note 513

×

Report of Elcarim’s Accounting Expert at paras 4.12, 4.18 and 4.20; 2nd
Supplemental Report of Elcarim’s Accounting Expert at para 6.2.

The evidence does not assist in determining whether the first two Payments
were Dou’s contributions to Elcarim’s share capital or Dou’s loan to Zhang as
Zhang’s contributions.

257 The evidence, however, suggests that the third and fourth Payments were
intended as payments for specific transactions. This suggests that Dou had
more likely made the two Payments for those purposes and, therefore, not as
loans to Zhang. It is undisputed that upon receiving the third and fourth
Payments from FDS, Zhang transferred to same amounts to Elcarim’s OCBC account
on the same day. It is evident that most of the moneys sent, namely
EUR270,000, was then paid by Elcarim to UAT 514

##### Foot Note 514

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 106(b); Dou’s AEIC at Tab 35 (Dou’s AEIC at pp 245 and
246) / 2AB at pp 649 and 650.

and that these payments to UAT would not have been possible but for the
injection of funds (originally) from FDS.

258 Zhang’s evidence was that Dou was “round-tripping” his moneys and there
was, in effect, no increase in the share capital and, therefore, no
consideration for the SPA. 515

##### Foot Note 515

×

Reply to Defences to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 6A, 6B and 6C;
Zhang’s AEIC at paras 25, 106(b) and 107 (see also Dou’s XX / Certified
Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) p 11 lines 15–19, p 13 lines 8–12, p 14
lines 19–22).

259 Dou’s evidence was that Elcarim had paid UAT the sum of EUR270,000
pursuant to a legitimate transaction, namely that Elcarim was paying UAT for
equipment it had purchased to supply its customer, Miller and Bokia Company
Limited (“Miller”). 516

##### Foot Note 516

×

Dou’s SAEIC at paras 13, 14, 16 and Tab 1.

Dou relied on a purchase order issued by Elcarim to UAT dated 18 October 2012
for the contract sum of US$1,028,000, of which 35% was to be paid as a
downpayment after the equipment had passed the evaluation test (the “18
October 2012 PO”). 517

##### Foot Note 517

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents at pp 6 and 7.

Dou claimed that the sum of EUR270,000 was for the said downpayment, and had
been paid in Euros (instead of US$) as the exchange rate then was favourable.
518

##### Foot Note 518

×

Dou’s SAEIC at para 14; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March
2023) at p 12 lines 11–14.

260 Even accepting Dou’s case that the payment to UAT was a legitimate
business transaction, the immediacy of the transfer from FDS to Zhang, from
Zhang to Elcarim, and finally from Elcarim to UAT suggests that Dou was
sending funds to Elcarim to enable it to meet its obligation to UAT. This
makes it less likely that the third and fourth payments were loans to Zhang.

Events leading to the SPA

261 It is Dou’s pleaded case that the SPA was prompted by two events:

(a) a disagreement between Zhang and Pang in April 2014 over which delivery
company Elcarim should engage, which Dou managed to resolve; 519

##### Foot Note 519

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 18(d); Elcarim’s Reply
and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 11(d).

and

(b) another disagreement in January 2015 between Zhang and Pang over “company
affairs”, during which Zhang threatened to wind up Elcarim. Dou testified that
he did not know why Zhang and Pang quarrelled. 520

##### Foot Note 520

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 54 lines 22–24.

Dou informed Zhang that he had invested substantial sums in Elcarim and that
Zhang should either (i) return the loans he had made to Zhang, or (ii) he and
Zhang should enter the SPA. Zhang chose the latter. 521

##### Foot Note 521

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 18(e); Elcarim’s Reply
and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 11(e); Dou’s AEIC at
paras 29–32.

262 Zhang denied the above. In particular, he denied having any arguments with
Pang.

263 I note that Dou’s evidence with respect to the cause of Zhang’s first
quarrel with Pang – the change of delivery company – is not supported by the
evidence. Dou claimed under cross-examination that Zhang’s insistence on using
his personal credit card to pay Elcarim’s expenses prevented Elcarim from
changing the delivery company to Speedmark because “Speedmark had refused the
use of a personal credit card to pay for GST, and [required] that [Elcarim’s]
account must be directly linked to the Customs account”. 522

##### Foot Note 522

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 81 lines 12–28, p
82 lines 6–8, 20–23.

The explanation was incoherent. It is unclear why Speedmark would refuse the
use of Zhang’s credit card, nor what a “Customs account” is and why it must be
linked to Elcarim’s account for Speedmark to be engaged. Zhang’s evidence is
that there was no issue with meeting Speedmark’s requirement, 523

##### Foot Note 523

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 82 lines 17–19,
25, p 83 lines 4–9.

and Dou does not adduce any evidence to support that Speedmark could not be
engaged due to the abovementioned problems.

264 More importantly, Dou gives no details of the second quarrel between Zhang
and Pang, although this allegedly caused Zhang to threaten to wind up Elcarim,
and triggered the execution of the SPA. It is surprising that Dou did not
appear to have asked Pang about the reason for the argument.

265 Dou did not call Pang to give evidence. He instead called Mr Chang, who
testified that he had witnessed Zhang and Pang having a heated argument in
Elcarim’s office sometime before Chinese New Year in 2015 and that he had
informed Dou of this. 524

##### Foot Note 524

×

Mr Chang’s XN / Certified Transcript (Day 6 / 14 March 2023) at p 34 lines
4–20; Mr Chang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 6 / 14 March 2023) at p 36
lines 15–19.

I do not place much weight on this evidence – Mr Chang testified that he could
not hear the contents of the argument as it was behind a closed door. 525

##### Foot Note 525

×

Certified Transcript (Day 6 / 14 March 2023) at p 48 lines 16–22.

Further, he was and continues to be effectively Dou’s employee who had been
transferred by Dou from Dou’s company in China to work in Elcarim. 526

##### Foot Note 526

×

Mr Chang’s AEIC at paras 1 and 3; Mr Chang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 6
/ 14 March 2023) at p 37 lines 6–14; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 1 /
3 March 2023) at p 72 line 23 – p 73 line 1.

266 Further, it is highly improbable that Zhang would threaten to wind up
Elcarim, a business he was principally responsible for building and from which
he was receiving a salary. This is especially as its business was improving in
2015. In this regard, Elcarim’s revenue between 2014 and 2015 increased three-
fold. 527

##### Foot Note 527

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents at p 87.

267 Even more unlikely was the fact that Zhang would then agree to onerous
terms under the SPA (see above at [222]–[228]), and put the Shares in jeopardy
over a threat which (according to Dou) Zhang himself made (ie, to wind up
Elcarim). It would be a bizarre act of self-sabotage which a reasonable person
would not likely make.

Execution of the SPA

268 I find Dou’s evidence in relation to the execution of SPA not credible.

269 Dou gave inconsistent evidence in relation to the execution of the SPA,
including where it was signed and how many copies were executed:

(a) In relation to the number of copies of SPA which were signed, 528

##### Foot Note 528

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 129.

Dou first pleaded that it was one copy 529

##### Foot Note 529

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim at para 18(g).

before changing it to five copies; 530

##### Foot Note 530

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 18(g).

at trial, his evidence was that “at least three to four copies” were signed.
531

##### Foot Note 531

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 57 lines 29 and
30.

(b) The number of copies of Share Transfer Form(s), Share Transfer EGM
Notice(s), and Share Transfer Director’s Resolution(s) which were signed also
varied from one 532

##### Foot Note 532

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim at para 19.

to three 533

##### Foot Note 533

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) at para 19.

and finally to five. 534

##### Foot Note 534

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 19.

He testified that “at least three to four copies” were signed. 535

##### Foot Note 535

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 57 lines 29 and
30.

(c) Dou was also inconsistent as to where the documents, including the SPA,
had been signed. 536

##### Foot Note 536

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 131; Elcarim and Dou’s Written
Reply Closing Submissions at para 41.

He initially pleaded that they were signed at Zhang’s apartment located at
#18-73 Neptune Court, 537

##### Foot Note 537

×

Further and Better Particulars in relation to Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim at
para 5(ii).

but in his AEIC and at trial said that the documents were signed at Elcarim’s
apartment at #08-69 Neptune Court. 538

##### Foot Note 538

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 34; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023)
at p 56 lines 29–31, p 57 lines 16–20.

At trial, Dou also testified that the documents had been signed at the “lobby
of [Zhang’s] apartment”. 539

##### Foot Note 539

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 42 lines 17–19.

(d) Dou also gave inconsistent evidence as to when Pang signed on the SPA and
the Share Transfer Form as a witness, as well as the Share Transfer EGM Notice
and Share Transfer Director’s Resolution: 540

##### Foot Note 540

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 130.

he first pleaded that Pang signed the SPA, Share Transfer EGM Notice and Share
Transfer Director’s Resolution, on 28 February 2015 at the same meeting
attended by Zhang, Dou and Mr Yan. 541

##### Foot Note 541

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 18(g), 19(b) and
19(c). See also Further and Better Particulars in relation to Dou’s Defence to
Counterclaim at para 6(iii)(c).

However, this was later amended to state that Pang signed the SPA on 28
February 2015, but the Share Transfer EGM Notice and Share Transfer Director’s
Resolution on 1 March 2015. 542

##### Foot Note 542

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at paras 18(f), 18(g), 19(b)
and 19(c).

Dou’s AEIC states that Pang was not present at the meeting on 28 February 2015
and had instead signed the SPA, Share Transfer Form and Share Transfer
Director’s Resolution the next day. 543

##### Foot Note 543

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 34 and 38.

These changes cannot be adequately explained by lapses of memory. 544

##### Foot Note 544

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at para 39.

I therefore doubt the credibility of Dou’s account of the signing of the SPA.
545

##### Foot Note 545

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 36.

270 Dou’s evidence that Zhang had signed the SPA and Share Transfer was
corroborated by Mr Yan. According to Mr Yan, he was paying Dou a personal
visit in Singapore and agreed to witness the execution of the documents at
Dou’s request. 546

##### Foot Note 546

×

Mr Yan’s AEIC at para 7.

He testified that he was aware of what these documents were as he had glanced
at them, and Dou had explained the context to him. He recalled that the
signing took place at Elcarim’s apartment at Neptune Court, 547

##### Foot Note 547

×

Mr Yan’s AEIC at paras 6 and 7.

which is consistent with Dou’s AEIC and his (final) position under cross-
examination.

271 I do not place much weight on Mr Yan’s evidence. 548

##### Foot Note 548

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 36–38; Elcarim and
Dou’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at para 50.

He is Dou’s close friend, having known him since 2000. 549

##### Foot Note 549

×

Mr Yan’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 6 / 14 March 2023) at p 10 lines 7–14;
Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 38.

While he did not waver in his evidence with respect to the execution of the
documents, that does not necessarily mean it is accurate or truthful as his
evidence was not complicated. I note that Mr Yan became less certain and
volunteered evidence helpful to Dou when asked about other matters:

(a) Dou pleaded that it was understood and agreed between Zhang and himself
that the Share Transfer Form, Share Transfer EGM Notice and Share Transfer
Director’s Resolution could be dated any time when Zhang’s shares were to be
transferred to Dou. 550

##### Foot Note 550

×

Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 4) at para 20.

When asked to provide particulars, Dou pleaded that the said agreement and
understanding were orally reached on 28 February 2015 at Elcarim’s offices in
the presence of Zhang, Pang, Mr Yan and himself. 551

##### Foot Note 551

×

Further and Better Particulars in relation to Dou’s Defence to Counterclaim at
paras 6(i) and 6(iii).

Dou did not put this to Zhang at trial.

(b) When Mr Yan was shown the particulars provided by Dou, he initially
testified that he did not know any of these things. He said he could not
remember this as it was a long time ago and that he never attended or
participated in any meeting in Elcarim’s offices. 552

##### Foot Note 552

×

Mr Yan’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 6 / 14 March 2023) at p 14 lines 3, 14
and 17.

As noted above, this agreement and understanding was also not put to Zhang.

(c) Perhaps realising that his answer was not helpful to Dou, Mr Yan then
changed his evidence and said that he may have been present at the meeting but
was drinking tea at the back of the room and did not participate in the
discussions or pay attention to what was being said. 553

##### Foot Note 553

×

Mr Yan’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 6 / 14 March 2023) at p 19 lines
28–30, p 20 lines 5–8.

(d) I found it incredible that having first claimed that he could not remember
attending any meeting at Elcarim, Mr Yan was then able to say what beverage he
was consuming at a meeting at Elcarim.

272 Dou’s case regarding the execution of the SPA and Share Transfer Documents
is therefore suspicious and calls into question the legitimacy of the Share
Transfer.

Events after the execution of the SPA

273 I find that incidents after the (alleged) execution of the SPA also
suggest that Zhang did not sign the SPA.

(1) Ultimatum given by Dou just before June 2015

274 Dou gave details of another argument, this time between Zhang and himself,
which had led to him deciding that Zhang should leave Elcarim. Dou claimed
that Zhang had insisted on using his personal credit card to make Elcarim’s
GST payments to IRAS and procuring Elcarim to reimburse him by paying Elcarim
Group Pte Ltd (“Elcarim Group”), an unrelated company owned by Zhang. 554

##### Foot Note 554

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 39 and 40; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8
March 2023) at p 38 lines 16–26; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10
March 2023) at p 81 lines 22 and 23.

Dou claimed that these payments could make Elcarim’s account “messy” and
created difficulties for Elcarim, and therefore objected to it. When Zhang
refused to stop this practice, he gave Zhang an ultimatum, directing him to
stop this practice or leave Elcarim. 555

##### Foot Note 555

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 40; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023)
at p 38 lines 12–15, 28–30; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March
2023) at p 64 line 21 – p 65 line 6.

When Zhang did not respond by the deadline set by Dou, Dou decided to exercise
his rights under the SPA and transferred the Shares to himself on 10 June
2015, 556

##### Foot Note 556

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 40 and 41.

and terminated Zhang. 557

##### Foot Note 557

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 41–43; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March
2023) at p 39 lines 12–14.

When asked why Zhang would insist on using his credit card, Dou said that
Zhang had stated that he wanted to earn reward points on his credit card 558

##### Foot Note 558

×

Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 77 lines 8–16.

but later said he was unsure. 559

##### Foot Note 559

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 81 lines 17 and
18.

Zhang’s evidence is that there was no such disagreement between him and Dou in
May or June 2015. 560

##### Foot Note 560

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 41 lines 4–7.

275 I found Dou’s account far-fetched. First, Dou did not explain why making
reimbursements to the Elcarim Group would make things “messy”, or why this was
so serious a problem as to warrant giving an ultimatum to, and finally
removing, Zhang. 561

##### Foot Note 561

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 139.

Dou’s evidence that it was Pang who highlighted the accounting difficulties to
him, 562

##### Foot Note 562

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 24 line 10 – p 25
line 10.

but he did not call Pang to explain or corroborate this. Second, when cross-
examined, Dou changed his evidence and said that the reimbursement was made to
Zhang personally and not Elcarim Group, although Zhang apparently transferred
the money to Elcarim Group. 563

##### Foot Note 563

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March 2023) at p 81 lines 20–23.

This makes his case on the accounting issues even more difficult to
understand. 564

##### Foot Note 564

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 140.

Third, no evidence was given as to the quantum of payments to IRAS allegedly
being made by Zhang using his credit card. There were, therefore, no details
as to whether the “difficulties” were even material, and what benefit Zhang
derived, if any, for defying Dou. Fourth, there is nothing in writing
evidencing the “ultimatum” Dou gave Zhang or the “deadline” he gave, although
this was a serious matter. Further, Dou proceeded to transfer the Shares to
himself despite not hearing from Zhang. Fifth, and importantly, on Dou’s case,
Zhang would know that Dou could exercise his rights at any time under the SPA,
and he would consequently lose the Shares, his job and everything he helped
build. It is bizarre that Zhang would risk all that over something as petty as
the use of his credit card or would keep silent in the face of the “ultimatum”
allegedly given.

276 The more likely explanation is that Dou simply wanted to get rid of Zhang
and had contrived a disagreement over the use of Zhang’s credit card to
explain his conduct after the fact. 565

##### Foot Note 565

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 144; Elcarim and Dou’s Written
Reply Closing Submissions at para 49.

This by itself does not necessarily mean that the SPA is invalid, but it does
suggest that Dou was laying the groundwork for Zhang’s eventual removal and
the confiscation of the Shares.

(2) Meetings on 10 and 11 June 2015

277 As stated above, Dou procured the Shares to be transferred to himself on
10 June 2015. It is undisputed that Zhang and Dou met on 10 June 2015 at
Elcarim’s offices, where Dou asked Zhang to choose between resigning or being
terminated by Elcarim. Zhang refused to resign and was terminated. 566

##### Foot Note 566

×

Dou’s AEIC at paras 41–43; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March
2023) at p 58 lines 13–22; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 5 / 10 March
2023) at p 66 lines 30–32; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March
2023) at p 24 lines 2–5, p 26 lines 25–32.

In his AEIC, Zhang only stated he was terminated and did not mention that he
was given a choice to resign. 567

##### Foot Note 567

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 49.

I find that omission immaterial as there is no dispute that he was terminated.

278 What is more revealing is that it is not either party’s evidence that
Zhang was informed that the Shares had been transferred to Dou. Indeed, Dou’s
AEIC makes no mention of him informing Zhang that he had enforced his rights
under the SPA and taken the Shares. This is odd, given that such a transfer
would be a significant event. Further, the parties would also have to address
the issue of the substantial loans which Dou claimed he had furnished to
Zhang. Yet, according to Dou, he did not deal with or mention any of this.
This suggests that there were no loans to discuss.

279 Dou also said that he met with Zhang the next day to discuss “some matters
outstanding from his departure”, including Zhang’s salary, reimbursement for
expenses and the return of Elcarim’s property. 568

##### Foot Note 568

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 44.

Again, there was no mention of the Share Transfer or Zhang’s loans. 569

##### Foot Note 569

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 51.

While Dou may argue that these were not “outstanding” given the exercise of
his rights under the SPA, Zhang would not have known that.

280 Zhang’s evidence was that he was “traumatised” by his dismissal and
nothing substantive was discussed on 10 June 2015. At the meeting on 11 June
2015, Dou informed him that he had some urgent matters to attend to and would
later work out the sums owed to Zhang as well as the value of his shares. 570

##### Foot Note 570

×

Zhang’s AEIC at paras 50 and 100.

According to Zhang, Mr Yan and Pang were at both these meetings. 571

##### Foot Note 571

×

Zhang’s AEIC at paras 49 and 50.

Zhang claimed that it was only on 30 July 2015 that he found out that his
shares had already been transferred. 572

##### Foot Note 572

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 101; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March
2023) at p 37 lines 18–20.

When no payment was received from Elcarim and Dou, Zhang sent a letter of
demand and filed two police reports (see below at [286]–[294]).

281 There are some inconsistencies in Zhang’s account.

282 First, although Zhang’s evidence is that he found out about the transfer
of the Shares on 30 July 2015, 573

##### Foot Note 573

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 37 lines 18–20.

he pleads that he discovered this on 11 June 2015. 574

##### Foot Note 574

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 32; Elcarim and Dou’s
Written Closing Submissions at paras 47–50.

When confronted with this discrepancy, Zhang insisted that he found out about
the transfer on 30 July 2015. 575

##### Foot Note 575

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 38 lines 5–7,
19–23.

I also note that in the police report filed by Zhang on 23 December 2015,
Zhang stated that he found out about the transfer on 10 June 2015. 576

##### Foot Note 576

×

3AB at p 896.

When confronted with this, Zhang merely disagreed that this suggested he
already knew about the transfer as at 10 June 2015 but did not provide an
explanation. 577

##### Foot Note 577

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 38 line 29 – p
39 line 22; Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 50–51.

I did not consider these inconsistencies material, particularly given Dou’s
own evidence that he did not inform Zhang that he had transferred the Shares
to himself.

283 Second, it was not put by Zhang to Mr Yan that Mr Yan was present at the
meetings on 10 and 11 June 2015. 578

##### Foot Note 578

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 56 and 57.

Dou highlights Mr Yan’s evidence that he did not attend any meetings at
Elcarim. 579

##### Foot Note 579

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 51.

This is strictly not accurate given that Mr Yan vacillated on this issue. 580

##### Foot Note 580

×

Mr Yan’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 6 / 14 March 2023) at p 14 lines 3, 14
and 17, p 19 lines 28–30, p 20 lines 5–8.

In any event, I do not consider this material as it is not Zhang’s pleaded
case or evidence that Mr Yan played any role in the meetings or had said
anything.

284 Third, Zhang put to Dou that Dou had called Zhang asking to meet on 11
June 2015 for the purpose of transferring a telephone line and that Zhang
raised the issue of Dou buying the Shares and accounting for the alleged loan
made by Zhang to Elcarim. 581

##### Foot Note 581

×

Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023) at p 61 lines 9–32.

Dou points out that these matters were not in Zhang’s AEIC; Zhang acknowledged
that what he said in his AEIC was incorrect and that what was put by his
counsel to Dou was accurate. 582

##### Foot Note 582

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 24 lines 13–30.

Zhang also acknowledged that paragraph 50 of his AEIC contained an error in
that his meeting with Dou on 11 June 2015 was at Parkway Parade and without Mr
Yan 583

##### Foot Note 583

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 7 / 15 March 2023) at p 69 lines 6–9.

(both of which Dou agreed). I do not consider these inconsistencies to be
material to Zhang’s evidence.

285 I find that the parties’ accounts of the meetings on 10 and 11 June 2015
do not shed much light on the legitimacy of the SPA or the Share Transfer,
save for the failure of Dou to inform Zhang of the transfer of the Shares to
himself (see above).

(3) Zhang’s demands in the 3 September Letter and the DC Suit

286 Dou highlights that Zhang did not assert his claim in relation to the
Shares in the 3 September 2015 Letter and the DC Suit and argues that Zhang
must have believed that the Share Transfer was not wrongful. I do not accept
this submission.

287 First, in the 3 September 2015 Letter, which was sent to Elcarim and
addressed to Pang, Zhang asked Pang to “provide [him] with a copy of the
equity transfer agreement that [Dou] took over all my 50% of the company’s
shares as his own on 11 June, 2015”. 584

##### Foot Note 584

×

3AB at p 871; Zhang’s AEIC at para 53.

Dou argues that this necessarily means that Zhang was aware of the existence
of the SPA and did not challenge the validity of the Share Transfer. 585

##### Foot Note 585

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 43 lines 26 and
27; p 44 lines 4 and 5, p 46 lines 7–11; Dou’s AEIC at paras 58 and 62;
Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 40; Elcarim and Dou’s
Written Reply Closing Submissions at para 45.

I do not accept this. It was not unreasonable for Zhang to assume that there
must have been some transfer document evidencing the said transfer. This was,
in fact, what happened when Dou’s trust shares were transferred from Zhang to
Pang in December 2014. 586

##### Foot Note 586

×

Zhang’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at para 22.

Paragraph 5 (and paragraph 6) of the 3 September 2015 Letter is simply a
request to see all the relevant documents and not evidence that Zhang knew of
the existence of the SPA. It could, however, be argued that Zhang ought to
have clearly asserted that he did not consent to the transfer if he truly did
not sign any documents. 587

##### Foot Note 587

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 43 lines 26 and
27; p 44 lines 4 and 5, p 46 lines 7–11; Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing
Submissions at paras 42 and 53.

However, I accept Zhang’s explanation that he wanted to see the documents
first before making any accusations. 588

##### Foot Note 588

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 44 lines 4–15,
p 45 lines 3–11; Zhang’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at para 23.

288 More importantly, the context of the letter is important. Zhang was
concerned about what he was told by a third party that his signature had
apparently been used on Elcarim’s import documents without his knowledge or
consent and demanded that Elcarim cease such conduct. He was also demanding
the unpaid salaries, commissions and expenses which he claimed he was
promised. 589

##### Foot Note 589

×

3AB at pp 870–872; Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023)
at p 44 lines 6–15.

289 On the contrary, neither Elcarim nor Dou has explained why Zhang was not
provided with copies of the SPA and the Share Transfer Documents, although he
had asked for the same in his letter of 3 September 2015. 590

##### Foot Note 590

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 56.

If the documents were in their possession, they could have easily furnished
them. Dou gave evidence that he did not know of the 3 September 2015 Letter
until the commencement of the present suit. 591

##### Foot Note 591

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 54; Dou’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 3 / 8 March 2023)
at p 63 line 14 – p 64 line 8.

Notwithstanding this, Dou could have called Pang to explain Elcarim’s failure
to provide the documents sought by Zhang, but he did not do so.

290 Second, Dou points out that Zhang did not include a claim for the Shares
in the DC Suit, where Zhang sued Dou for the sum of $1,172,828.65 for
commissions allegedly not paid to him. 592

##### Foot Note 592

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents at pp 49 and 61; Elcarim and Dou’s Written
Closing Submissions at paras 43–46.

Zhang explained that he had been advised that a claim for his shares could
only be brought in the High Court and he could not afford the legal fees and
expenses involved in bringing such an action. 593

##### Foot Note 593

×

Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 8 / 16 March 2023) at p 45 line 30 – p
46 line 2; Zhang’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at para 24.

This is not an unreasonable explanation. Further, Zhang points out that his
claim against Dou in the DC Suit was for an indemnity and only for the sums of
US$90,000 and EUR112,250. Also, despite demanding his unpaid salaries, loans
and expenses in September 2015, Zhang only brought an action for these via a
counterclaim in this action only after Elcarim commenced these proceedings.
The fact that Zhang delayed bringing a claim for the Shares, therefore, does
not necessarily point to such a claim being contrived.

291 I thus disagree with Dou’s submission that the 3 September 2015 Letter and
the DC Suit constitute evidence that Zhang believed the SPA and Share Transfer
to be validly executed.

(4) Zhang’s police reports

292 Zhang filed two police reports on 16 November 2015 and 23 December 2015.

293 The 16 November 2015 report primarily dealt with the issue of Zhang’s
signature allegedly being forged on Elcarim’s business documents, while the 23
December 2015 report dealt with the transfer of the Shares. 594

##### Foot Note 594

×

Zhang’s AEIC at para 57 and ZYT-21 / 3AB at pp 893–896.

However, in both reports, Zhang did mention the transfer of the Shares,
claiming that he had been told by Dou and Mr Yan on 10 June 2015 that his
shares had been “taken over” or transferred to Dou without his consent. In the
second report, he said that he discovered from an ACRA search of Elcarim on 30
July 2015 that his shares had been transferred on 10 June 2015. He also stated
that Pang had informed him that Pang had seen, inter alia, a share transfer
form bearing Zhang’s signature, which Zhang reported was forged.

294 I make two observations: first, the police reports show that Zhang’s
present position that the SPA was forged had been made as early as the end of
2015 and not only advanced when he was sued in this action; second, Zhang’s
assertion in both police reports that he was told on 10 June 2015 by Dou and
Mr Yan that he was no longer a shareholder of Elcarim is at odds with his
evidence in this action 595

##### Foot Note 595

×

See also Zhang’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 9 / 17 March 2023) at p 41
lines 8–11.

and Zhang did not explain this inconsistency. But I consider this immaterial
as it is not the evidence of either party that Zhang was told at the 10 June
2015 meeting that the Shares had been transferred.

Failure to call Pang

295 According to Dou, Pang played a key role in the events leading to the
execution of the SPA and the Share Transfer because:

(a) one of the main reasons for Dou terminating Zhang was Zhang’s
deteriorating relationship with Pang;

(b) Pang proposed the SPA to protect Dou’s interests;

(c) Pang was present when Dou and Zhang discussed and agreed on the terms of
the SPA;

(d) Pang prepared the SPA based on the said discussions, as well as the Share
Transfer Documents;

(e) Pang was supposed to have attended the execution of the documents and
witnessed Zhang’s signature but did not turn up – for reasons not explained in
Court – but he was still reflected as having witnessed Zhang’s signature; and

(f) Dou gave the signed documents to Pang the next day.

296 Pang was, therefore, a key witness on the issue of the SPA and the Share
Transfer. In particular, if Pang was present when Dou and Zhang discussed and
agreed on the terms of the SPA, and he reflected those terms in the documents
he drafted, that would entirely corroborate Dou’s case and completely
undermine Zhang’s evidence.

297 Dou argues that the burden was not on him to call Pang as Zhang had the
legal burden to prove that his signature was forged. 596

##### Foot Note 596

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at para 53.

This confuses the legal and evidentiary burdens (see [216] above), as well as
the obligation to call witnesses.

298 The starting point of the analysis is s 105 of the Evidence Act 1893: “The
burden of proof as to any particular fact lies on that person who wishes the
court to believe in its existence, unless it is provided by any law that the
proof of that fact is to lie on any particular person.” This is a codification
of the maxim that “he who asserts a fact must prove it”.

299 In this case, it is Dou who is asserting all the facts with respect to the
genesis of the SPA and the Share Transfer. Zhang’s case is that he has no
knowledge of these matters at all. The evidentiary burden therefore lies with
Dou to prove these matters. I stress that Dou’s failure to prove these facts
does not necessarily mean that Zhang has discharged the legal burden on him –
that turns on an analysis of all the relevant evidence.

300 There is no doubt that Pang is a key figure with respect to the material
facts asserted by Dou. Pang’s (alleged) involvement was not pleaded by Dou and
only surfaced in Dou’s AEIC. It is Dou’s case that Pang would corroborate his
evidence. There is no obligation in law on Zhang to call Pang to disprove
Dou’s assertions. It was, therefore, Dou’s obligation to call Pang. Dou’s
decision not to call Pang without offering a good reason compels me to draw an
adverse inference against Dou that Pang’s evidence would not have been
favourable to him – see s 116 of the Evidence Act 1893, illus (g). Even absent
the adverse inference, given my findings above, the evidential burden had
shifted to Dou to prove that Zhang had signed the SPA, and it would have been
necessary for him to call Pang to support his case.

301 Dou alternatively argues that Pang was not a material witness as he did
not witness the signing of the SPA and Share Transfer, and no adverse
inference should therefore be drawn against him for not calling Pang. 597

##### Foot Note 597

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at para 54.

This is incorrect. As stated above, it is Dou’s case that Pang, inter alia,
drafted the SPA based on discussions between Dou and Zhang to which Pang was
privy. If true, Pang would have testified that Zhang had agreed to the terms
of the SPA, which would have entirely contradicted Zhang’s case. Further,
according to Dou, Pang was involved in, and intimately connected with, all the
material events leading to the execution of the SPA and the Share Transfer.
Pang was plainly a material witness for Dou.

Conclusion on the factual evidence

302 For the reasons set out above, I find, on the balance of the factual
evidence, that Zhang did not execute the SPA and the Share Transfer. I now
consider the evidence of the experts.

The expert evidence

303 In R Mahendran v R Arumuganathan [1999] 2 SLR(R) 166 at [16], the Court of
Appeal observed that the opinions of handwriting experts “should be approached
with extreme caution and relied on to decide an issue of this importance only
in the absence of other credible evidence”. Handwriting experts are attesting
to the likelihood of a question of fact, of which the best evidence is really
from lay witnesses. The question of whether someone had written or signed on a
particular document is best answered by that person himself and those present
when the words or signature were purportedly written. The evidence of
handwriting experts should, therefore, not supplant or be given greater weight
than the relevant facts relating to the writing of the document and the
credible evidence of the factual witnesses. This is particularly so as
handwriting analysis “may lack the precision and certainty of other forensic
sciences” – see Sudha Natrajan v The Bank of East Asia Ltd (“Sudha Natrajan”)
[2017] 1 SLR 141 at [44]. However, as noted by the Court of Appeal in Sudha
Natrajan, this limitation is no bar to the admissibility of evidence of this
nature. I, therefore, consider the expert evidence led by the parties.

304 Both parties called handwriting experts – Zhang called Ms Chang Yun-Chih
(“Ms Chang”), who worked for the Taiwanese criminal investigation bureau for
nearly 30 years and has assisted on more than 7000 cases requiring document
examination. 598

##### Foot Note 598

×

Ms Chang’s AEIC at CYC-1 (“Report of Ms Chang”) at paras 1 and 2.1.

Dou’s expert was Mr Pang Chan Kok William (“Mr Pang”), who has provided
document-examination services to lawyers in various jurisdictions since 2003.
599

##### Foot Note 599

×

Mr Pang’s AEIC at PCKW-1 Tab 1.

305 Mr Pang issued three reports, 600

##### Foot Note 600

×

Mr Pang’s AEIC at PCKW-1 Tab 2 (“Report of Mr Pang”); Mr Pang’s AEIC at PCKW-1
Tab 4 (“Second Report of Mr Pang”); Mr Pang’s SAEIC at PCKW-2 Tab 2 (“Third
Report of Mr Pang”).

and Ms Chang issued two reports. 601

##### Foot Note 601

×

Report of Ms Chang; Ms Chang’s AEIC at CYC-2 (“Second Report of Ms Chang”).

Ms Chang did not analyse, and provide a report on, Zhang’s purported signature
on the 2012 Contract. As explained above, the 2012 Contract was only produced
on 27 January 2023, 602

##### Foot Note 602

×

Dou’s AEIC at para 11 and p 47.

well after Ms Chang had issued her two reports on 4 and 31 May 2022. 603

##### Foot Note 603

×

Report of Ms Chang at p 20; Second Report of Ms Chang at p 12.

She explained that she was engaged in Brunei to certify a laboratory when the
2012 Contract was produced and did not have the time and opportunity to carry
out a proper analysis of it prior to the trial. 604

##### Foot Note 604

×

Certified Transcript (Day 17 / 31 March 2023) at p 44 lines 13–17.

306 Both experts compared the signatures allegedly made by Zhang (the
“Questioned Signatures”) – on the SPA, as well as the Share Transfer
Director’s Resolution and Share Transfer Form (the “Questioned Documents”) –
against signatures made by Zhang (the “Specimen Signatures”) on other
documents (the “Specimen Documents”) 605

##### Foot Note 605

×

Report of Mr Pang at Appendix A; Report of Ms Chang at Appendix 1.

over a period of five years between 2012 and 2017. They gave diametrically
different opinions. Mr Pang observed fundamental and significant similarities
between the Questioned Signatures and the Specimen Signatures, as well as a
lack of inexplicable differences other than natural variations, and concluded
that Zhang had signed the SPA. 606

##### Foot Note 606

×

Report of Mr Pang at para 7.

Ms Chang, on the other hand, observed different consistent characteristics
between the Questioned Signatures and Specimen Signatures, and concluded that
the Questioned Signatures were probably not made by Zhang. 607

##### Foot Note 607

×

Report of Ms Chang at paras 7.1–7.3.

307 I reject Mr Pang’s conclusion as it lacked proper foundation and analysis.
Ms Chang’s analysis and views were more considered and coherent, although
there were some aspects which are not entirely satisfactory.

Samples analysed

308 Both experts agreed that they were given sufficient samples of Specimen
Signatures to conduct a proper comparative analysis with the Questioned
Signatures. They also employed the same techniques in examining the signatures
– using micro-magnification and side-light techniques to assess indentations,
pen pressure and shading, and the overlay technique.

Different methodologies

309 However, they adopted wholly different methodologies in assessing the data
and arriving at their conclusions.

310 In summary, Mr Pang compared the Specimen Signatures and Questioned
Signatures and listed the similarities he found. 608

##### Foot Note 608

×

Report of Mr Pang at para 6.7.

In his view, stacking all the similarities together enabled him to determine
that the writer of the Specimen Signatures and Questioned Signatures were the
same person. He did note that there were differences between the Specimen
Signatures and Questioned Signatures but attributed these to “natural
variations”, 609

##### Foot Note 609

×

Eg, Second Report of Mr Pang at pp 4 and 5; Certified Transcript (Day 15 / 29
March 2023) at p 14 lines 17–31.

which he defined as variations affected by internal and external factors.

311 Ms Chang testified that Mr Pang’s approach was flawed. She explained that:

the existence of similarities between signatures should not, by itself, lead
to a conclusion that a signature is genuine. Rather, in order [to properly]
verify that a signature is genuine, it is not only necessary to identify
stable /consistent similarities, but also to rule out (or alternatively,
properly account for): (i) the existence of stable/consistent differences; and
(ii) the existence of features which are indicative of simulation. 610

##### Foot Note 610

×

Second Report of Ms Chang at para 5.8.

312 Ms Chang cited academic writings to support her approach, including Jan
Seaman Kelly and Brian S. Lindblom, Scientific Examination of Questioned
Documents (CRC Press, 2006). 611

##### Foot Note 611

×

Report of Ms Chang at p 12.

313 Ms Chang first examined the Questioned Signatures and then the Specimen
Signatures separately to work out the writers’ habits and patterns. She set
out in detail her analysis of the respective habits and patterns of the
writers of both sets and highlighted several examples of variations between
the two. 612

##### Foot Note 612

×

Report of Ms Chang at paras 5–7.

She then tried to determine if those variations were natural or not. She
concluded that the Questioned Signatures were not written by Zhang.

314 I agree with Ms Chang’s opinion that Mr Pang’s approach was flawed. As she
pointed out, Mr Pang simply relied on random characteristics of the Questioned
Signatures and Specimen Signatures 613

##### Foot Note 613

×

Report of Mr Pang at paras 6.7(i) – 6.7(viii); Certified Transcript (Day 17 /
31 March 2023) at p 18 lines 18–26.

without first determining the stable or consistent characteristics of the
Questioned Signatures and Specimen Signatures, and therefore the habits or
patterns of the writers. 614

##### Foot Note 614

×

Second Report of Ms Chang at para 5; Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at
para 171(b).

In contrast, Ms Chang’s approach was consistent with the literature she cited
and with logic. Without first determining what the consistent habits and
patterns of the writer of the Question Signatures, Mr Pang would not have an
appropriate or reliable reference to make a meaningful comparison with the
Specimen Signatures. When confronted with Ms Chang’s criticisms of his
approach, Mr Pang did not give a helpful response. 615

##### Foot Note 615

×

Certified Transcript (Day 17 / 31 March 2023) at p 17 line 20 – p 23 line 12.

Dou submits that Ms Chang’s approach wrongly “assumes that the writer of the
Specimen Signatures [ie, Zhang] is consistent and displays ‘consistent writing
habits’ that can be meaningfully compared with the ‘writing habit’ shown in
the Questioned Signatures”. 616

##### Foot Note 616

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 72.

However, no explanation was given as to why I should find that Zhang did not
have a consistent writing habit. 617

##### Foot Note 617

×

Certified Transcript (Day 15 / 29 March 2023) at p 85 line 20 – p 86 line 26.

Indeed, neither expert made that assertion. As things stand, I can only
proceed on the basis that the respective writers of the Questioned Signatures
and Specimen Signatures both had consistent writing habits.

315 The lack of rigour in Mr Pang’s analysis is illustrated by his comparing,
and relying on, the upward incline of signatures in both sets. 618

##### Foot Note 618

×

P14 at s/n 12; Report of Mr Pang at para 6.7(vi); Second Report of Ms Chang at
paras 6.9–6.11.

He found a “consistent and significant similarity” between the two sets of
signatures in that they were inclined upwards ie, written in an ascending
manner, and that this was “definitely a very consistent habit, and it’s
nothing to do with natural variation” 619

##### Foot Note 619

×

Certified Transcript (Day 17 / 31 March 2023) at p 30 line 31 – p 31 line 9.

. Ms Chang did not find this feature significant as it is not uncommon for
signatures to be written that way. According to her, what would make it
significant would be where the signatures were consistently angled at a
certain degree or within a certain range of incline: in that regard, Ms Chang
pointed out that the Questioned Signatures were consistently angled more than
20 degrees from the baseline, while the Specimen Signatures exhibited no such
consistency – only two were measurable, and one was more, and the other less,
than 20 degrees. 620

##### Foot Note 620

×

Second Report of Ms Chang at para 6.10 and Appendix 7; Certified Transcript
(Day 17 / 31 March 2023) at p 36 line 1 – p 41 line 18.

Mr Pang only response was that there was one example of a Specimen Signatures
with an incline of more than 20 degrees. 621

##### Foot Note 621

×

Certified Transcript (Day 17 / 31 March 2023) at p 34 lines 1–21.

I accept Ms Chang’s view that Mr Pang’s analysis was flawed, and in my view,
superficial. Mr Pang simply latched on to an imprecise characteristic – an
ascending signature – that the Questioned Signatures and two examples of the
Specimen Signatures exhibited and said this supported the conclusion that they
were both written by the same person. He did not use stricter criteria, such
as the angle of the slant, or determine the consistent pattern of the
writer(s) of both sets before comparing those patterns. He was simply
comparing characteristics in isolation. To be complete, Ms Chang did not rely
on the slant of the signatures in her analysis as there were only two Specimen
Signatures where the angle of slant could be measured, and that was not enough
to form a view as to the habits of the writer. She had only raised the issue
of the incline to explain why Mr Pang’s analysis was unreliable. 622

##### Foot Note 622

×

Certified Transcript (Day 17 / 31 March 2023) at p 42 lines 10–16.

316 I also find that Mr Pang was not thorough in his analysis. His first
report comprised him comparing just five features found on five out of 19
Questioned Signatures 623

##### Foot Note 623

×

Report of Mr Pang at paras 6.7(i)–6.7(viii) and pp 13–15; Zhang’s Written
Closing Submissions at para 172.

against eight out of 29 Specified Signatures. As far as Mr Pang was concerned,
so long as the same features were found on some signatures in both sets, he
regarded that as evidence supporting his conclusion that both sets were
written by the same person. There was no analysis as to whether the features
he highlighted were consistent within each set of Questioned Signatures and
Specified Signatures. The first report of Mr Pang goes on to state that more
examples of signatures with the five identified features could be found in
Appendix B, but Appendix B simply identified all the specimens he examined
without making any form of comparison.

317 Ms Chang did not deny the similarities between the Questioned Signatures
and Specimen Signatures Mr Pang observed. She made it clear, however, that her
emphasis was on whether there were differences in stable or consistent
characteristics and whether the said differences could be explained away by
natural variations, which are brought about by external factors and which are
not repeatable or consistent. 624

##### Foot Note 624

×

Second Report of Zhang's Accounting Expert at paras 5.4; Certified Transcript
(Day 15 / 29 March 2023) at p 15 lines 12–23.

She testified that an expert cannot simply attribute such differences to
natural variation. 625

##### Foot Note 625

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at para 73.

318 This is apparent from the following examples of analysis done by Ms Chang:

(a) Ms Chang pointed out that there was an “absence of noticeable variations
in writing speed and stroke thickness of the Questioned Signatures.” 626

##### Foot Note 626

×

Report of Ms Chang at para 5.4.

Since there were noticeable variations between the Specimen Signatures, the
Questioned Signatures were therefore not likely done by Zhang, who
indisputably made the Specimen Signatures. 627

##### Foot Note 627

×

Report of Ms Chang at Appendix 3-2 / p 27.

She pointed out, using red arrows, sections of the respective Specimen
Signatures which are thinner, which suggest that the writer had slowed down.
628

##### Foot Note 628

×

Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 115 lines 11–19; Report of
Ms Chang at Appendix 3-2.

However, there was no evidence of the writer slowing down for the same
portions of the Questioned Signature, which suggested a different writing
style. Mr Pang’s reports did not deal with this difference. When Mr Pang was
asked to comment on Ms Chang’s evidence, he struggled to give a response, only
remarking that he did not know why Ms Chang only selected those sections to
highlight. 629

##### Foot Note 629

×

Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 116 lines 1–4.

(b) Ms Chang observed heavy horizontal and vertical strokes on certain
sections of the Specimen Signatures but the horizontal strokes were absent on
the Questioned Signatures, which only had heavy vertical strokes. 630

##### Foot Note 630

×

Report of Ms Chang at para 5.3 and Appendix 3-1.

This meant that the writer of Questioned Signatures did not apply pressure on
horizontal strokes, while the writer of the Specimen Signatures exerted
pressure on both horizontal and vertical strokes, thus suggesting both writers
had different styles. Mr Pang again did not carry out a similar analysis for
his reports. His only response at trial was to say that he did observe this
from the images. When it was put to him that he was in no position to agree or
disagree with Ms Chang because he did not analyse pen pressure, his response
was that he could not comment because the images of the signatures were poor.
631

##### Foot Note 631

×

Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 102 line 24 – p 103 line 7.

However, he did not explain why Ms Chang analysis, and the conclusions she
drew therefrom, were wrong.

(c) Mr Pang stated he observed similar pen pressure for both the Specified
Signatures and the Questioned Signatures and was of the opinion that the
Questioned Signatures were fluently written with similar speed and pressure as
the Specified Signatures, thus supporting the conclusion that they were
written by the same person. 632

##### Foot Note 632

×

Report of Mr Pang at para 6.5.

Ms Chang however noted a significant difference in pen pressure in the
Questioned Signatures when compared to the Specified Signatures in that there
was an absence of noticeable variation in pen pressure on the Questioned
Signatures, which was different from variations observed on the Specified
Signatures. In this regard, Ms Chang pointed out that Mr Pang did not analyse
the range of pen pressure marks and shading on the reverse side of the
original documents. 633

##### Foot Note 633

×

Second Report of Ms Chang at para 4.5.

319 I also highlight that while Mr Pang did note that there were differences
between the Questioned Signatures and the Specimen Signatures, he simply
dismissed them as “natural variations” without explaining why. For example,
both experts noted the presence of stroke features below the letters “tai” in
the signatures. Ms Chang highlighted that the stroke features for the
Questioned Signatures contained a consistent “dot” style but for most of the
Specified Signatures, the features show two horizontal short strokes. This,
she says, amounts to a critical difference in the writing formations in the
Questioned Signatures and Specified Signatures. 634

##### Foot Note 634

×

Report of Ms Chang at para 5.1.4 and Appendix 2.4.

On the other hand, Mr Pang did not appear to have appreciated the difference
between the “dots” and the “dashes” in the Questioned Signatures and Specified
Signatures. He simply highlighted that two dashes were observed in some of the
Questioned Signatures and Specified Signatures: one dash was observed in one
signature of the Questioned Signatures (Q6-2) and in three signatures in
Specified Signatures (S1-1, S1-2 and S20). 635

##### Foot Note 635

×

Report of Mr Pang at para 6.6(viii).

He explained all these differences as natural variations. 636

##### Foot Note 636

×

Report of Mr Pang at para 7.

This again highlights the issue with Mr Pang’s approach – he did not examine
the Questioned Signatures and Specified Signatures to determine if both sets
exhibited a consistent writing style. Instead, he simply looked at whether
features in the Questioned Signatures were found in some or any signature in
the Specified Signatures, regardless of whether that was the consistent style
of the writer. So long as a feature in the Questioned Signatures appeared in
one of the Specified Signatures, he regarded it as evidence supporting the
conclusion that they were written by the same person. I accept Ms Chang’s
evidence that it is meaningless to simply compare features in this way.

Ms Chang’s observations

320 As stated above, I accepted Ms Chang’s methodology, and there was no
question that she was diligent in her analysis of the signatures. She found
that the Specified Signatures and the Questioned Signatures had three
significant differences: (a) whether the third letter of Zhang’s signature “n”
appeared as “n” or “u”; 637

##### Foot Note 637

×

Report of Ms Chang at para 5.1.2; Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para
167.

(b) whether the last letter of Zhang’s signature “i” showed two consistent
writing patterns; 638

##### Foot Note 638

×

Report of Ms Chang at para 5.1.3; Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para
167.

and (c) whether the stroke feature below Zhang’s signature showed a consistent
“dot” style or two horizontal short strokes. 639

##### Foot Note 639

×

Report of Ms Chang at para 5.1.4; Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para
167.

She further supplemented her analysis and conclusions by examining evidence
such as pen pressure and stroke thickness (see above).

321 Dou argues that Ms Chang also cannot assume that differences observed
between Questioned Signatures and Specified Signatures are not natural
variations, and Ms Chang was, therefore, wrong to have concluded that the
writers of both sets were different persons. 640

##### Foot Note 640

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 73–76.

Dou has misunderstood Ms Chang’s evidence. She explained that natural
variations are not repetitive as they are caused by external forces. 641

##### Foot Note 641

×

Certified Transcript (Day 15 / 29 March 2023) at p 15 lines 5–18; Certified
Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 53 lines 30 and 31.

As she pointed out, the Specified Signatures and Questioned Signatures
exhibited repetitions of certain features within their own set, which make up
the pattern or habit of the writer. The different patterns between both sets
suggested that the writers of the Questioned Signatures and Specified
Signatures are different. The differences between the two sets are, therefore,
not natural variations.

322 Nonetheless, Ms Chang’s assessment that the Questioned Signatures are
conclusively a forgery may be overstated.

323 First, Ms Chang noted, and Mr Pang did not dispute, that the Specimen
Signatures exhibited a far greater range of variation compared to the
Questioned Signatures. 642

##### Foot Note 642

×

Certified Transcript (Day 15 / 29 March 2023) at p 62 lines 10 and 11.

This suggested to Ms Chang that the person signing the Questioned Signatures
was careful not to depart from his “model”, hence resulting in a smaller range
of variation. 643

##### Foot Note 643

×

Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 92 lines 3, 4, 22–25, p 93
lines 10–16.

She testified that genuine signers would be less concerned about the
consistency of their signatures, leading to more variations. But this may also
depend on two factors which Ms Chang did not consider:

(a) The Questioned Signatures, based on Dou’s case, were executed at the same
time in one sitting, and this could explain the smaller range of variation; on
the other hand, the Specimen Signatures had been executed over a period of
about five years in different circumstances and conditions and with different
pens, which may lead to more variations. 644

##### Foot Note 644

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 68–71.

Ms Chang accepted that as a possibility. 645

##### Foot Note 645

×

Certified Transcript (Day 15 / 29 March 2023) at p 52 lines 16–21, p 193 line
25 – p 104 line 9, p 105 lines 2–6, 26–30, p 106 lines 4–10, 19–26.

However, I reject Dou’s submission that because of this consideration, Ms
Chang’s methodology is less useful. 646

##### Foot Note 646

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Closing Submissions at paras 70 and 71.

For the reasons stated above, the comparison of consistent patterns, as
opposed to similarities, is more logical and preferable.

(b) The way the person signs may depend on the importance he places on the
document. The Questioned Signatures related to the pledge and transfer of the
Shares – they were important documents, and it is reasonable that the person
signing would be more careful and deliberate in executing his signatures. On
the other hand, the Specimen Signatures were made on different types of
documents, including employment contracts for Ms Chen and Mr Chang and a
directors’ resolution for the opening of a bank account for Elcarim, where
Zhang may have given less thought and time in appending his signatures. Ms
Chang acknowledged this. 647

##### Foot Note 647

×

Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 93 line 20 – p 94 line 6.

324 Second, some of Ms Chang’s observations did not consider relevant factors.
For example, in Appendix 3-2 of her report analysing the ink and stroke
thickness of the “ong” part of the Questioned and Specified Signatures, which
she claimed is evidence of the variation in the force and the writer’s writing
habit, Ms Chang noted there was no noticeable variation in ink and stroke
thickness in the Questioned Signatures, while there were noticeable
differences in the Specimen Signatures. 648

##### Foot Note 648

×

Report of Ms Chang at Appendix 3-2.

But Mr Pang countered that this observation is misleading as Ms Chang had
failed to take into account various factors such as:

(a) the type of pen used: ink in a ballpoint is a paste-like substance of high
viscosity, which contrasted with the fluid ink used in roller ball and porous
tip pens. 649

##### Foot Note 649

×

Second Report of Mr Pang at p 6; Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023)
at p 81 lines 27–29.

Mr Pang noted that the Specimen Signatures had been written by a ballpoint
pen, while the Questioned Signatures appear to have been written with a porous
tip pen, which had made the stroke thickness more uniform as the ink was water
soluble and spread more easily on paper. 650

##### Foot Note 650

×

Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 106 lines 13–17.

Ms Chang did not disagree that this is a relevant consideration, but explained
that differences between the Questioned and Specified Signatures could not be
assumed to be a consequence of the difference in types of pen used; 651

##### Foot Note 651

×

Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30 March 2023) at p 118 lines 17–23.

(b) the surface on which the different signatures were written eg. whether or
not the paper was placed on top of a writing pad or on a hard surface such as
a piece of glass 652

##### Foot Note 652

×

Second Report of Mr Pang at pp 5 and 6; Certified Transcript (Day 16 / 30
March 2023) at p 66 line 20 – p 67 line 1, p 101 lines 13–16, p 103 line 19 –
p 104 line 4. (I have noted a possible error on the Certified Transcript for
30 March 2023 on pp 103 and 104: some sections of Ms Chang’s testimony are
reflected as being said by Mr Pang.)

– all of which were unknown to the experts; and

(c) the relative positions of the writer 653

##### Foot Note 653

×

Second Report of Mr Pang at p 6.

(presumably referring to a writer’s stance) – which were also unknown to the
experts. Ms Chang did not dispute that these are relevant factors.

325 In any event, even if the conclusion reached by Ms Chang is doubtful, the
expert evidence overall did not assist Dou and was certainly not sufficient to
overcome the evidential difficulties with his case as set out in my assessment
of the factual evidence above. I, therefore, find, on a balance of
probabilities, that Zhang did not sign the SPA and the Share Transfer
Documents, and Dou had improperly transferred the Shares to himself.

326 For the same reasons, I also do not accept Mr Pang’s conclusion that Zhang
had signed the 2012 Contract. His conclusion was based on the same flawed
methodology, 654

##### Foot Note 654

×

Third Report of Mr Pang at paras 5 and 7; Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions
at para 173.

and that flaw was aggravated by the fact that he only used one signature as a
comparator. 655

##### Foot Note 655

×

Third Report of Mr Pang at para 2 and p 10; Zhang’s Written Closing
Submissions at para 173.

As stated above, the factual evidence in relation to the 2012 Contract
suggests that the 2012 Contract is not a genuine agreement. Mr Pang’s evidence
is not sufficient for Dou to discharge the burden on him to prove the
authenticity of the 2012 Contract. 656

##### Foot Note 656

×

Elcarim and Dou’s Written Reply Closing Submissions at paras 33–35.

Conclusion

327 I therefore allow the following claims:

(a) Elcarim’s claim in relation to the Three Employees: Elcarim is entitled to
damages for a sum of $86,255;

(b) Zhang’s claim for wrongful termination: he is entitled to damages of
$11,000; and

(c) Zhang’s counterclaim in respect of the Shares: he is entitled to damages
to be assessed for his loss of the Shares based on their value as at 10 June
2015.

328 All other claims by both parties are dismissed.

329 With regard to Zhang’s relief concerning the Share Transfer, he sought
“Delivery up of the Defendant’s 50% shares owned in the Plaintiff and in the
alternative, damages in respect of the Defendant’s 50% shares owned in the
Plaintiff, to be assessed” in his pleadings. 657

##### Foot Note 657

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at the last paragraph.

However, his pleaded cause of action was “the loss of [his] 50% shareholding
in conversion” [emphasis added] 658

##### Foot Note 658

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 35.

which draws only the remedy of damages (Clerk & Lindsell on Torts (Sweet &
Maxwell, 23rd Ed, 2020) at para 16-90), and in his closing submissions he
asked for “Dou to pay Zhang damages to be assessed for Zhang’s 50% shares that
Dou had converted in lieu of delivery”. 659

##### Foot Note 659

×

Zhang’s Written Closing Submissions at para 335.

Accordingly, Zhang is entitled to damages to be assessed.

330 I will hear the parties separately on costs.

Hri Kumar Nair  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Tham Wei Chern, Ling Yuanrong and Samuel Ang Rong En (Fullerton Law Chambers
LLC) for the plaintiff and the first and second defendants in counterclaim;

Quek Mong Hua and Tan Jin Yong (Lee & Lee) for the defendant and the plaintiff
in counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 16 Aug 2023 (15:21 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

