Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 155

Criminal Case No 6 of 2021

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Muhammad Salihin bin Ismail  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Joint trial]

[Criminal Law — Offences — Murder]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Muhammad Salihin bin Ismail

[2023] SGHC 155

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 6 of 2021  
Pang Khang Chau J  
2-5, 9-11 February, 15 March, 6-7, 13 April 2021, 1 March, 9 May 2022

25 May 2023

Pang Khang Chau J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Muhammad Salihin bin Ismail, a 29-year-old male Singaporean,
was tried before me for the charge of murder of one Nursabrina Augustiani
Abdullah (“the Victim”) under s 300(c) of the Penal Code (Cap 228, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“the Penal Code”) (“the Murder Charge”). The accused was the Victim’s
stepfather. I acquitted the accused of the Murder Charge and substituted it
with a conviction for voluntarily causing grievous hurt under s 325 of the
Penal Code. After hearing the Prosecution’s and Defence’s sentencing
submissions, I sentenced the accused to nine years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane, with two other charges respectively under s 324 of the
Penal Code and s 5(1) of the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev
Ed) (“the CYPA”) taken into consideration.

2 The Prosecution has appealed against my decision to acquit the accused as
well as my decision on sentence, and the Defence has also appealed against my
decision on sentence. These are my grounds of decision.

The charge

3 The accused claimed trial to the Murder Charge, which arose from two
incidents on 1 September 2018 during which the accused allegedly punched and
kicked the Victim in her abdomen, leading to intra-abdominal bleeding which
resulted in the Victim’s death on 2 September 2018.

Background facts

4 The following background facts were undisputed. The accused was the Victim’s
stepfather. The Victim’s mother (“M”) married the accused in 2016. At that
time, the Victim was two years old. The accused and M also had two biological
children, namely two twin boys who were born in November 2016 (“the Twins”).
At the material time of the offence, the Victim lived in a rental flat (“the
Flat”) together with the accused, M and the Twins. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Agreed Facts (“SOAF”) at para 6.

The events giving rise to the Murder Charge

5 It was undisputed that, on 1 September 2018, M left the Flat early in the
morning for work and the Victim and the Twins were left in the Flat with the
accused. M only returned home that evening at about 8.00pm. The Prosecution’s
case was that the events giving rise to the Murder Charge took place during
this period while the Victim and the Twins were left in the care of the
accused.

6 At about 10.00am that day, the accused noticed a puddle of urine outside the
toilet of the Flat. The accused became angry because he thought that the
Victim, who had already been toilet-trained, was misbehaving. The accused
called the Victim over to the toilet and placed her on the toilet bowl. It was
not in dispute that the accused, after having placed the Victim on the toilet
bowl, applied some force on the Victim’s abdomen with his knuckles. What was
in dispute was whether the force applied by the accused on the Victim’s
abdomen consisted of punches, as alleged by the Prosecution, or mere nudges to
stop the Victim from getting off the toilet bowl, as alleged by the Defence.
After this incident at 10.00am, the accused exited the toilet and left the
Victim there alone. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 13.

Nothing untoward happened after that incident.

7 Later that same day, at about 3.00pm, the Victim indicated to the accused
that she wanted to go to the toilet. The accused asked the Victim to go to the
toilet to urinate on her own. The Victim went into the toilet and came out a
while later. After the Victim came out of the toilet, the accused went into
the toilet and saw that the Victim had again urinated on the floor in front of
the toilet bowl. The accused became angry and called the Victim over. He
questioned the Victim about the urine on the floor. The accused then pushed
the Victim on the left shoulder, causing her to fall sideways on the ground.
Then, while the Victim was lying on her side on the ground, the accused kicked
the Victim’s abdomen twice with his right leg while barefoot. This part of the
3.00pm incident was undisputed as the accused admitted to pushing the Victim
and kicking her abdomen twice during that incident. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 22.

8 After the kicks, the accused picked the Victim up and placed her on the
toilet bowl. Again, it was not in dispute that, after the accused placed the
Victim on the toilet bowl, he applied force on the Victim’s abdomen with his
knuckles a few times. However, just as in the case of the 10.00am incident,
there was a dispute as to whether the force applied consisted of punches or
nudges. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

DCS at para 22.

9 Later that evening at about 8.00pm, M returned home from work. M also bought
dinner for the family. The Victim complained of stomach pain after eating a
few mouthfuls of rice. Shortly after, the Victim vomited. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) at p 270, paras 10-11.

The accused then applied some ointment on the Victim’s abdomen. The accused
testified that, as he was applying ointment on the Victim’s abdomen, he
noticed that the Victim’s face twitched when he pressed on her right abdominal
area. The accused then pressed lightly on the other parts of the Victim’s
abdominal area and asked her if it was painful. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB at p 316, para 127.

The Victim’s death

10 The events that occurred thereafter were also largely undisputed.

11 In the night of 1 September 2018 and in the early hours of 2 September
2018, the Victim continued to vomit periodically. On 2 September 2018, at
about 8.00am, the accused brought the Victim to the toilet where the Victim
tried to vomit into the toilet bowl. The accused noticed that the Victim had
difficulty vomiting so he used his index finger to ease her vomit. The Victim
then vomited and became unconscious. The accused carried the Victim out of the
toilet and informed M that she was no longer breathing and asked M to call for
an ambulance. M then asked the accused to perform cardiac pulmonary
resuscitation (“CPR”) on the Victim and he did so for about 15 minutes until
the paramedics arrived at about 9.28am.

12 When the paramedics arrived, it was observed that the Victim was no longer
breathing and had no pulse. The paramedics also applied a defibrillator on the
Victim’s body and noticed that her asystole line was flat, meaning that there
was no heartbeat. They also observed that the Victim’s hands and legs were
stiff and that rigor mortis had set in.

13 The Victim was subsequently conveyed to the Accident and Emergency
Department of Ng Teng Fong General Hospital (“the Hospital”) and arrived there
at about 9.44am. On examination, she was not breathing and there was no
heartbeat. After resuscitation efforts failed, the Victim was pronounced dead
on 2 September 2018 at 10.12am.

14 The Hospital reported the death of the Victim to the police, and following
initial investigations, the accused was arrested on 3 September 2018 at about
5.00pm.

Autopsy of the Victim

15 On 3 September 2018, the forensic pathologist, Dr Gilbert Lau (“Dr Lau”),
performed an autopsy on the Victim’s body. On 17 September 2018, Dr Lau issued
an autopsy report (“the Autopsy Report”).

16 In the Autopsy Report, Dr Lau certified the cause of the death as: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB at p 29.

I(a) HAEMOPERITONEUM due to

(b) BLUNT FORCE TRAUMA OF THE ABDOMEN.

[italics in original]

17 In the second paragraph of his conclusions, Dr Lau explained in more detail
that: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB at p 28.

Death was due primarily to intra-abdominal haemorrhage, amounting to 300 ml of
blood within the peritoneal cavity (haemoperitoneum), largely attributable to
traumatic disruption of the greater omentum and severe bruising, with acute
transmural haemorrhage and friability, of a proximal segment of the jejunum. …

18 In layman’s language, the cause of death was internal bleeding in the
abdominal cavity which arose from injuries in the form of severe disruption of
the greater omentum and severe bruising of segments of the small intestines. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 21 lines 15-22.

The greater omentum is an apron of fatty tissue well supplied with small blood
vessels that drapes over the intestines. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 5 lines 1-5.

19 Later in the same paragraph (ie, the second paragraph of his conclusions),
Dr Lau noted that the following other injuries were also present: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB at pp 28-29.

(a) haemorrhage along two proximal segments of the ileum; and

(b) bruising of the mesentery, the retroperitoneum and both iliopsoas muscles.

20 Dr Lau further concluded that all the foregoing intra-abdominal injuries,
taken together, “would be consistent with the infliction of blunt force trauma
to the abdomen, such as that caused by a fist blow, or multiple fist blows”.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB at p 29.

The parties’ cases

The Prosecution’s case

21 The Prosecution submitted that the requisite elements of a charge under s
300(c) of the Penal Code were made out. It argued that the intra-abdominal
injuries as found on the Victim were intentionally inflicted by the accused,
as was evident from the manner in which he landed fist blows on the Victim’s
stomach (during both the 10.00am and 3.00pm incidents) and also kicked the
Victim’s stomach twice (during the 3.00pm incident). It argued that the
evidence before the court showed that the intra-abdominal injuries were
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death.

The Defence’s case

22 As I have mentioned earlier, the Defence’s position was that the contact
between the accused’s knuckles and the Victim’s abdomen during both the
10.00am and 3.00pm incidents were not forceful and had been mere nudges. Thus,
the Defence’s case was that those actions were not a cause of the intra-
abdominal injuries found on the Victim.

23 It was also the Defence’s case that there had been other contributory
causes to the intra-abdominal injuries that were not attributable to the
accused. These included: (a) an incident where the Twins bounced on the
Victim’s abdomen a few times, which took place at around 7.00pm on 1 September
2018; (b) the intra-abdominal pressure caused by the Victim’s vomiting in the
night of 1 September 2018 and in the early hours of 2 September 2018; and (c)
the accused’s application of CPR erroneously on the Victim’s abdomen. The
Defence’s case was that each of these were sources of blunt force trauma on
the Victim’s abdomen, and they were contributory causes to the intra-abdominal
injuries.

24 The Defence argued that the “bodily injury” identified for the purposes of
an offence under s 300(c) of the Penal Code and to which the test in Virsa
Singh v State of Punjab AIR 1958 SC 465 (“Virsa Singh”) is to be applied must
be the injury that had actually been inflicted by the accused, and not any
injury that is found on the victim at the time of his or her death; in other
words, the “bodily injury” referred to in the Virsa Singh test must be an
injury attributable to the actions of the accused. The Virsa Singh test sets
out the elements that must be proven for an offence under s 300(c) of the
Penal Code and has been consistently endorsed by the Court of Appeal as part
of Singapore law. Thus, the Defence argued, because the Prosecution had not
led evidence on the precise extent of contribution by each of these sources of
blunt force trauma to the intra-abdominal injuries on the Victim, it was not
possible to ascertain the extent to which the intra-abdominal injuries were
caused by the accused’s kicks during the 3.00pm incident. This gave rise to a
reasonable doubt that the accused caused the entirety of the intra-abdominal
injuries found on the Victim and as described in the Autopsy Report. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

DCS at paras 7(b)-(d) and 124-148.

Consequently, the Defence argued, the Prosecution’s case must fail.

25 In the alternative, assuming that the entirety of the intra-abdominal
injuries was caused by the accused’s kicks, the Defence argued that:

(a) First, the accused had not inflicted the kicks with the requisite mens
rea. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DCS at paras 149-167.

The Defence submitted, relying on the decision of the High Court in Public
Prosecutor v AFR [2011] 3 SLR 653 (“AFR”), that an accused person can only be
found to have intended a bodily injury on the victim if it is to some extent
foreseeable that such an injury would have resulted from his actions. The ease
with which this requirement of foreseeability would be satisfied depends on
the actions by which the injury was caused. In this case, given that the
intra-abdominal injuries were inflicted by two kicks in succession, injuries
of a severity like the intra-abdominal injuries would not have been a
foreseeable result at all, and so it could not be said that the accused had
intended to cause the intra-abdominal injuries found on the Victim.

(b) Second, there was a reasonable doubt as to whether the intra-abdominal
injuries were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DCS at paras 168-185.

In this regard, the Defence relied on medical literature that it had adduced
as evidence in the course of trial and also evidence of the Prosecution’s
witnesses which stated that death did not inevitably follow from what it
referred to as a “Class II haemorrhage injury”, that is, one involving the
loss by a person of 15% to 30% of his circulating blood volume. Given that the
intra-abdominal injuries caused the Victim to lose 300ml of blood, which was
about 30% of her circulating blood volume, this was a Class II haemorrhage
injury, from which death did not inevitably result.

The issues

26 From the foregoing outline of the parties’ cases, four broad issues arose
for determination:

(a) Whether the force applied by the accused during the 10.00am incident and
the 3.00pm incident consisted of fist blows or nudges.

(b) In the case of an offence under s 300(c) of the Penal Code where there are
multiple contributory causes to the injury that resulted in the victim’s
death, how is the “bodily injury” for the purposes of the Virsa Singh test to
be identified? Specifically, does it refer to the composite injury found on
the victim at the time of his or her death, or must it be the injury that was
actually caused by the accused person or which could be attributable to the
accused person?

(c) Whether the injuries inflicted by the accused were done with the requisite
mens rea.

(d) Whether the injuries inflicted by the accused were sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death.

27 I deal first with issue (a), as it concerns the actus reus, which is a
matter antecedent to the application of the Virsa Singh test, and next with
issue (b) as it concerns an issue of principle regarding how the Virsa Singh
test ought to be applied. Issues (c) and (d) relate to the third and fourth
elements respectively of the Virsa Singh test, and will be considered in the
section of these grounds which deal with the application of the respective
elements of the Virsa Singh test.

Whether the accused punched the Victim’s abdomen

28 The accused’s testimony in relation to the 10.00am incident was that, after
he summoned the Victim to toilet, he carried her to sit on the toilet bowl.
When she tried to stand up to get off the toilet bowl, he nudged her abdomen
to stop her from doing so. He observed that she “appeared scared” when he
nudged her. He interpreted this as her being fearful of falling into the
toilet bowl, as her body was small compared to the size of the toilet bowl. He
did not observe any expression of pain from her. In relation to the 3.00pm
incident, the accused testified that, after he had kicked the Victim twice, he
carried her to sit on the toilet bowl. Again, she tried to get up from the
toilet bowl, and each time she did so, the accused would nudge her in the
abdomen.

29 The accused was asked to demonstrate in court how his hand looked like when
he was nudging the Victim. He curled up the first two joints of each of the
four fingers while keeping straight the joints which connect the base of the
fingers to the rest of the hand (ie, the distal interphalangeal joints and the
proximal interphalangeal joints were flexed while the metacarpophalangeal
joints were extended). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 20 lines 20-23.

This was consistent with the hand gesture which the accused showed the police
during investigations, as could be seen from photographs taken on 10 September
2018 during re-enactment. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Exhibits P95 and P106.

This was different from that of a clenched fist (in which the
metacarpophalangeal joint would also be flexed). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 20 lines 23-25.

30 The Prosecution pointed to the accused’s first statement to the police
after his arrest, which was taken on 3 September 2018 at 5.32pm, in which he
was recorded as saying that he had “punched” the Victim on her stomach, and
that some of those punches had been “quite hard” because he was angry. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Accused’s 3 Sep 2018 statement at paras 3 and 5 (AB at pp 204-205).

This statement was recorded by Assistant Superintendent Mahathir bin Mohamad
(“ASP Mahathir”), who had spoken to the accused in Malay and then recorded the
statement in English. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript, 13 Apr 2021 at p 31 lines 21-25.

The relevant part of the accused’s statement reads as follows:

[In respect of first incident at 10.00am] … I placed her on the toilet bowl
and started punching her on her stomach with my knuckle 4 times. The first was
a nudge but the rest were quite hard as I was so angry. [The Victim] cried and
that was the end of it.

…

[In respect of the second incident at 3.00pm] … I picked her up by her armpit
and she was crying but I was so angry. I kept using my knuckle to punch her
stomach. I got so angry that I just left [the Victim] in the toilet.

31 The accused’s explanation for this statement during examination-in-chief
was that he did not say the word “punch” to ASP Mahathir. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 15 lines 13-14, p 31 lines 1-4.

Instead, as he did not know how to say the word “nudge” in Malay, he merely
demonstrated his actions through hand gestures. During cross-examination, the
accused agreed that since ASP Mahathir put the word “nudge” down in the
statement, it must have come from the accused. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 30 lines 30-32.

However, the accused continued to disagree that he said the word “punch” to
ASP Mahathir. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 14 lines 24-27, p 32 lines 14-22.

32 After the accused completed his evidence, ASP Mahathir was recalled to be
questioned on this point. ASP Mahathir was first asked what were the Malay
words used by the accused which ASP Mahathir translated into English in the
statement as “started punching her on her stomach with my knuckles”. ASP
Mahathir replied that he could not remember exactly. As for the word “nudge”,
ASP Mahathir testified that, although the accused spoke to him in Malay, he
would say some words in English, one of which was the word “nudge”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript, 13 Apr 2021 at p 35 lines 13–22.

ASP Mahathir also testified that the accused did not demonstrate any hand
gesture and that the contents of the 3 September 2018 statement were the
accused’s own words. Defence counsel also suggested to ASP Mahathir that the
accused might have used the wrong word to describe what happened. ASP Mahathir
replied that he was unable to provide an answer to the question. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript, 13 Apr 2021 at p 36 lines 29-32.

33 After this 3 September 2018 statement, the accused gave a number of further
statements to ASP Violet Toh, the first of which was recorded on 6 September
2018. In both the statements recorded on 6 September 2018 and a further
statement recorded on 10 September 2018, the accused consistently described
himself as having “nudged” the Victim during both incidents to prevent her
from getting up from the toilet bowl. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Accused’s 6 Sep 2018 statement at paras 4 and 8 (AB at pp 268–269); Accused’s
10 Sep 2018 statement at paras 107 and 118 (AB at pp 290-292).

In none of these subsequent statements was he recorded to use the word “punch”
again.

34 It appears that ASP Mahathir had no substantive involvement in
investigation of the Murder Charge after taking the 3 September 2018
statement. (He was involved in taking only one more statement, on 14 September
2018. The remaining 12 investigative statements were all taken by ASP Violet
Toh.) 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOAF at para 21.

Given ASP Mahathir’s limited involvement in the matter, I was not persuaded
that ASP Mahathir’s memory of what occurred more than two years ago during the
taking of the statement would be completely accurate and without gaps. In any
event, even if I were to accept ASP Mahathir’s evidence that the accused had
indeed used the word “punch” in the 3 September 2018 statement, I did not
think this displaces the overall weight of the evidence in favour of the
accused’s account that he had nudged rather than punched the Victim.

35 In my judgment, the accused would not have punched or “forcefully hit” the
Victim’s abdomen. I accepted the accused’s evidence that he exerted just
enough force to prevent the Victim from getting up from the toilet bowl. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript, 7 Apr 2021 at p 43 lines 1-6, 23-25, 31-32; see also Accused’s 10
Sep 2018 statement at para 107 (AB at p 290); Transcript, 7 Apr 2021 at p 42
lines 5-18.

In this regard, the accused explained that the force he applied was in
reaction to the force which Victim exerted when trying to get up from the
toilet bowl. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript, 6 April 2021 at p 45 lines 7–8, 17–18, p 47 lines 30–32.

Given the size and strength disparity between the accused and the Victim, it
would not have taken very significant force for the accused to prevent the
Victim from getting off the toilet bowl. Importantly, the Victim, who was
small enough to be at risk of falling into the opening of the toilet bowl, was
precariously gripping on to the sides of the toilet bowl while she was sitting
on it. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 6 line 12, p 47 line 10.

If significant force had been used by the accused, the Victim would likely
have fallen on her back into the toilet bowl. It was not the Prosecution’s
case that this happened.

36 I therefore accepted the accused’s evidence that there was no punching
involved and he was only using his knuckles as a barrier to prevent the Victim
from leaving the toilet seat. Consequently, the only acts of the accused which
are relevant for the purposes of the Murder Charge are the two kicks during
the 3.00pm incident.

Identifying the “bodily injury” for the Virsa Singh test where there are
multiple causes to the fatal injury

The submissions

37 The Defence argued that, in a scenario where there are multiple injuries or
multiple contributory causes to the injury found on the victim and resulting
in his or her death (which I refer to as the “fatal injury”), the court must
identify and isolate the injury (or extent of injury) caused by the accused
and treat only this injury as the “bodily injury” to which the Virsa Singh
test is applied. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DCS at paras 4, 128, 131 and 148.

The Defence argued that this necessarily followed because the actus reus of a
s 300(c) offence is that “bodily injury must actually be inflicted by the
accused” (see Public Prosecutor v Toh Sia Guan [2020] SGHC 92 (“Toh Sia Guan”)
at [48]). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DCS at paras 4–7.

It would prejudice an accused person if the entire fatal injury is included as
the “bodily injury”, even when part of the fatal injury had not been caused by
the accused person. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCS at para 133.

This is because the injury which the accused person actually caused might be
one that is not sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death,
yet the accused could still face liability under s 300(c) if the entirety of
the fatal injury is taken to be the “bodily injury”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DCS at paras 191-192.

38 The Prosecution disagreed with the Defence’s submission and argued that the
problem of multiple contributory causes is not one which arises under the
Virsa Singh test, but is a straightforward one of causation, for which the
answer is found in the “substantial cause test” endorsed by the Court of
Appeal in Shaiful Edham bin Adam and another v Public Prosecutor [1999] 1
SLR(R) 442 (“Shaiful Edham”).

Analysis

39 At the outset, I agree with the Prosecution that issues concerning
causation of death do not arise under the Virsa Singh test and are not
resolved by the application of the Virsa Singh test. However, that does not
mean that the presence of multiple causes of injury would not also raise a
separate set of problems concerning the application of the Virsa Singh test.
Consequently, I do not agree with the Prosecution that the Defence’s
submissions contradicted the “substantial cause test” or required the
disapplication of the “substantial cause test” in situations where it is
relevant. The “substantial cause test” asks whether the chain of causation had
been broken. The Defence’s submission asks what is the “bodily injury” on
which the Virsa Singh test is to be applied. For reasons given below, I agree
with the Defence that, as a matter of law and principle, in a case where there
are multiple contributory causes to the fatal injury, the “bodily injury”
identified for the purposes of the Virsa Singh test must be that which had
been caused by the accused and cannot simply be the composite injury or fatal
injury found on a victim.

The Virsa Singh test does not address the question of causation of death by
acts done by the accused

40 The Prosecution appears concerned that, if the Defence’s submission were
accepted, a prosecution under s 300(c) will only succeed if the injury
inflicted by the accused is the sole cause of death. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Prosecution’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at para 34.

This concern is unfounded. It conflates the cause of the bodily injury to
which the Virsa Singh test is to be applied with the cause of death. A bodily
injury forming the subject matter of a s 300(c) offence need not be the sole
cause of death for it to pass the Virsa Singh test. It only needs to be
intentionally inflicted by the accused (third element) and sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death (fourth element). Whether the act of
the accused (in inflicting the bodily injury) is the cause of death is a
matter to be resolved by reference to the usual rules concerning causation in
criminal law.

41 The point that causation of death is not a matter dealt with by the Virsa
Singh test was also noted in Toh Sia Guan ([37] above), where the court
observed at [48] that neither the actus reus requirement nor the causation
requirement were mentioned in the Virsa Singh test. To understand this
observation, it is useful to refer to the structure of the relevant statutory
provisions, which I reproduce below (with the words which are not relevant to
the present analysis omitted):

299\. Whoever causes death by doing an act … with the intention of causing
such bodily injury as is likely to cause death … commits the offence of
culpable homicide.

300\. … culpable homicide is murder —

(a) if the act by which death is caused is done …

…

(c) if it is done with the intention of causing bodily injury to any person,
and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death; …

[emphasis added]

42 The structure here is that s 299 of the Penal Code defines culpable
homicide (and defines it in terms of “caus[ing] death by doing an act”) while
s 300 provides that culpable homicide is murder “if the act by which death is
caused” is done with certain types of intention (or knowledge in the case of
limb (d) of s 300). In this structure, s 300 is concerned only with the mens
rea of murder while the actus reus of murder is defined in s 299. The actus
reus of culpable homicide and murder are the same – causing death by doing an
act. It is the difference in mens rea which turns culpable homicide into
murder. In this structure, the causation requirement is also provided in s 299
by the phrase “causes death by doing an act” – ie, the death must have been
caused by an act done by the accused. Within this structure, the Virsa Singh
test explains how the words of s 300(c) are to be applied. Since s 300 (and in
turn, the words of s 300(c)) are concerned only with the mens rea of murder,
the Virsa Singh test is a test for determining mens rea. In fact, the decision
in Virsa Singh was entirely about the nature of the intention required by s
300(c) of the Penal Code. For these reasons, I agree with the observation in
Toh Sia Guan that neither the actus reus requirement nor the causation
requirement were mentioned in the Virsa Singh test.

The Virsa Singh test requires identification of the injury actually inflicted
by the accused

43 I begin this part of my analysis by reciting the elements of the Virsa
Singh test. As noted by the Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v Chia Kee
Chen and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 249 (“Chia Kee Chen”) at [45]:

… The four elements of a charge under s 300(c) of the [Penal Code] are set out
in our decision in Kho Jabing v PP [2011] 3 SLR 634 (“Kho Jabing”) at [22],
citing Virsa Singh v State of Punjab AIR 1958 SC 465 at [12]:

(a) a bodily injury must be present and objectively proved;

(b) the nature of the injury must be objectively proved;

(c) it must be established that the bodily injury in question had been
intentionally inflicted; and

(d) the bodily injury in question must be sufficient to cause death in the
ordinary course of nature.

44 The first element requires ascertaining the presence of a bodily injury.
The second element requires ascertainment of the nature of the said bodily
injury. The third element asks whether the bodily injury identified pursuant
to the first two elements was intentionally inflicted. The fourth element asks
whether the bodily injury identified pursuant to the first three elements is
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death.

45 It goes without saying that, when the third element asks whether the
“bodily injury in question” is intentionally inflicted, that phrase can only
refer to an injury inflicted by the accused and not an injury inflicted by
someone else (assuming, for simplicity, that cases involving s 34 of the Penal
Code are excluded from the scope of the present discussion). It would make no
logical sense to ask whether a particular bodily injury was intentionally
inflicted by the accused if that bodily injury was not inflicted by the
accused in the first place. What this means is that, for the Virsa Singh test
to be properly applied in accordance with how the test was actually formulated
in the Virsa Singh case, the court would, in a case involving multiple
injuries or multiple causes to an injury, need to identify and isolate the
injury actually inflicted by the accused.

46 In this regard, the decision of the High Court in Public Prosecutor v Phuah
Siew Yen (1991) 3 CLAS News 30 (“Phuah Siew Yen”) is instructive. In that
case, the accused person strangled the victim with a sash while sitting on her
chest. The strangulation resulted in congestion and petechiae haemorrhage
above the ligature mark around the victim’s neck. The forensic pathologist
certified the cause of death as asphyxia by strangulation, and he was of the
view that, from the nature of the injury, force would have been applied at the
victim’s neck for at least two minutes. Congestion and petechiae haemorrhage
were also observed below the ligature mark around the victim’s neck. The
forensic pathologist agreed that this could have been caused by the weight of
the accused’s body when the accused sat on the victim’s chest, and so there
was also an element of traumatic asphyxia as a result of the accused’s body
weight on the victim’s chest in addition to the strangulation. Although the
forensic pathologist denied that the traumatic asphyxia contributed to the
death, he conceded that it could have “augmented the strangulation”, meaning
that the time taken for death to occur could be lesser than two minutes due to
such augmentation. The defence’s forensic pathologist, on the other hand, gave
the cause of death as “asphyxia by strangulation associated with some degree
of traumatic asphyxia”. The defence’s forensic pathologist also testified that
the absence of a ligature mark in an area below the victim’s left ear as
recorded in the post-mortem report showed that the pressure applied by the
accused had not been tight enough to completely stop venous return, to which
the prosecution’s forensic pathologist disagreed.

47 The court held:

… The bodily injury that [the accused] intended to inflict was the
strangulation at the neck. It is clear that when [the accused] sat on the
chest of the deceased, it was not [his] intention to inflict any injury on her
by so sitting. The medical evidence, however, is that the strangulation of the
neck was augmented by the pressure on the chest as a result of [the accused]
sitting on the chest. It must, therefore, remain in doubt whether the bodily
injury [the accused] intended to inflict (i.e. the strangulation at the neck)
would in this case be sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause
death. We have in mind the evidence of both pathologists on this issue. We
also accept the evidence of [the Defence’s forensic pathologist] that the
absence of any internal injuries in the neck and the absence of the blanche
mark below the left ear indicates that the pressure applied was not
sufficiently severe.

Accordingly, we find that the Prosecution has not established a case under
limb (c) of Section 300.

[emphasis added]

48 In Phuah Siew Yen, the fatal injury was a combination of: (a) asphyxia
arising from the manual strangulation; and (b) traumatic asphyxia arising from
the accused’s body weight exerted on the victim’s chest. The court held that
the injury which the accused intended to inflict was the manual strangulation
of the victim’s neck (ie, the first of the two causes), implying that this
injury to the neck, rather than the totality of the fatal injury found on the
victim, was the relevant “bodily injury” referred to in s 300(c) of the Penal
Code.

The specific scenario posed by the Defence cannot be side-stepped by looking
to the “substantial cause test” instead of the Virsa Singh test

49 A requirement that the court identifies the injury actually inflicted by
the accused poses no difficulties in most cases. For example, in Phuah Siew
Yen ([46] above), the court had no difficulty isolating the injury caused to
the neck from the injury caused to the chest in its analysis, because the two
injuries were inflicted on different parts of the deceased’s body. However,
one could imagine a scenario where, after the accused had inflicted an injury
on a part of the deceased’s body, further injuries were inflicted on exactly
the same part of the body by other persons or other causes, such that it was
not possible during autopsy to identify and isolate the injury inflicted by
the accused from the injuries caused to the same part of the body by other
causes. This is the scenario which the Defence posited when making the
submission alluded to at [37] above. While I accept that, in such a scenario,
there would be practical difficulties with applying the Virsa Singh test in
accordance with how the test was actually formulated in the Virsa Singh case,
I do not agree with the Prosecution that the application of the “substantial
cause test” in such a scenario would be free from similar difficulties.

50 This may be illustrated by considering the authorities concerning the
“substantial cause test” cited by the Prosecution. In R v Smith [1959] 2 QB
35, the deceased received a stab wound in the chest which pierced his lung,
and was then given incorrect treatment in the hospital which impeded his
chances of recovery. In Shaiful Edham ([38] above), after stabbing the
deceased in the neck, the accused threw the deceased into a canal thinking
that she was already dead. The certified cause of death was “multiple incised
wounds on neck and drowning”. In Murugan a/al Arumugam v Public Prosecutor
[2013] 3 MLJ 345, the deceased suffered spinal injury as a result of being
violently assaulted by the accused and then died in the hospital after
developing septicaemia. The certified cause of death was “spinal injury due to
blunt force trauma with septicaemia due to right leg ulcer”. In Public
Prosecutor v Chan Lie San [2017] SGHC 205, the deceased died in the hospital
from pneumonia after receiving severe head injuries from the accused. The
certified cause of death was “bronchopneumonia following multiple fractures of
the skull”. In each of these cases, the court had no difficulty applying the
“substantial cause test” by asking whether the injury inflicted by the accused
remained an operating and substantial cause because the court had no
difficulty identifying the injury actually inflicted by the accused.
Conversely, in the scenario painted by the Defence, where it is not possible
to say what injury was actually inflicted by the accused, it is difficult to
see how the court could meaningfully embark on an inquiry into whether the
injury inflicted by the accused, which remained unidentified and
unidentifiable, was an operating and substantial cause of death.

51 The Prosecution also cited Guay Seng Tiong Nickson v Public Prosecutor
[2016] 3 SLR 1079 (“Nickson Guay”), a case concerning causing death by
negligent act, where the deceased was a child who died from head injuries
sustained in a traffic accident between the car driven by the accused and the
car driven by the deceased’s father. The issue in that case was whether the
failure of the deceased’s parents to properly secure the deceased in an
approved child restraint may be considered as a mitigating factor in
sentencing. The issue of causation did not arise for decision in that case as
the accused did not dispute causation. More importantly, that case involved
only one set of injuries – ie, the injuries sustained in the traffic accident.
It was not a case concerning multiple injuries being caused to the same part
of the body at different times. As such, the citation of Nickson Guay does not
add to the analysis at [49]–[50] above.

Conclusion on the problem of a fatal injury arising from multiple causes

52 In the light of the foregoing, I do not agree with the Prosecution that the
Defence’s submission should be dismissed simply as an attempt to argue that
the bodily injury inflicted by an accused has to be the sole cause of death.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PRS at para 34.

Even though the existence of multiple causes to the fatal injury raises issues
of causation which, according to the Prosecution, may be resolved by the
“substantial cause test”, that does not necessarily mean that it would not
also raise a separate and independent set of issues concerning the proper
application of the Virsa Singh test. The two tests govern different matters,
even though their application may be affected in a similar way in certain
factual scenarios. Consequently, I agree with the Defence’s submission that,
in a case involving multiple injuries or multiple causes to an injury, the
court would need to identify and isolate the injury actually inflicted by the
accused in order to properly apply the Virsa Singh test.

53 Having said that, I decline to express a view on the Defence’s further
submission that, where the court is not able to identify and isolate the
injury inflicted by the accused from injuries arising from other causes, the
Prosecution’s case must fail. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DCS at paras 16(e) and 138.

Given the finding of fact I made (at [61] below) that the contributory effect
of the three incidents referred to at [23] above would have been negligible,
this is not a question which arose for decision in the present case. Perhaps
the answer to this submission could lie in evaluating the facts against other
limbs of s 300 of the Penal Code instead of s 300(c), or perhaps it could lie
in revisiting the Virsa Singh test as had been suggested in some academic
commentary (see eg, Jordan Tan Zhengxian, “Murder Misunderstood: Fundamental
Errors in Singapore, Malaysia and India’s Locus Classicus on Section 300(c)
Murder [2012] 1 SJLS 112). In any event, as the issue did not arise for
decision in the present case, I decline to say more.

Whether all elements of the Virsa Singh test had been satisfied

54 Having dealt with the first two issues, I turn now to apply the Virsa Singh
test to the facts. As set out at [43] above, to make out a charge under s
300(c) of the Penal Code, the Prosecution must prove beyond reasonable doubt
the following elements of the Virsa Singh test :

(a) a bodily injury must be present and objectively proved;

(b) the nature of the injury must be objectively proved;

(c) it must be established that the bodily injury in question had been
intentionally inflicted; and

(d) the bodily injury in question must be sufficient to cause death in the
ordinary course of nature.

First and second elements: Presence and nature of bodily injury

55 In a typical case, the first element of the Virsa Singh test involves
merely ascertaining that a bodily injury was caused and present on the victim,
and the second element involves an inquiry into the type and extent of the
injury. As explained in Virsa Singh (at [19]):

[i]t must, of course, first be found that bodily injury was caused and the
nature of the injury must be established, that is to say, whether the injury
is on the leg or the arm or the stomach, how deep it penetrated, whether any
vital organs were cut and so forth.

56 However, the application of the first and second element in the present
case involves an additional inquiry, arising from the Defence’s case that
there were other contributory causes of the intra-abdominal injuries found
during the autopsy that are not attributable to the accused. Following what I
have set out earlier (see [52] above), it is necessary in such a case to
inquire whether there were indeed other contributory causes of the intra-
abdominal injuries and, if so, identify the “bodily injury” to which the
elements of the Virsa Singh test is to be applied.

57 It was not in dispute that the mechanism by which the intra-abdominal
injuries were caused by blunt force trauma to the Victim’s abdomen (see [16]
above). The term “blunt force trauma” denoted a category of injuries where
pressure is sustained on the same area of the body with force going through
that area. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 33 lines 2-7.

According to Dr Michael De Dios (“Dr De Dios”), a doctor at the Accident and
Emergency Department of the Hospital who testified for the Prosecution, the
factors affecting the severity of injury caused by blunt force trauma included
the following: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript, 11 Feb 2021 at p 8 lines 5-32, p 9 lines 1-3.

(a) the degree of force that was applied - a greater degree of force would
deal more damage than a smaller one;

(b) the surface area of the source of the trauma that is in contact with the
body - for the identical amount of force, more damage results if the surface
area was smaller than if the surface area was larger;

(c) the angle of impact on the body - the more perpendicular the angle of
impact is to the relevant area of the body, the more force would be
transmitted and more damage results; where force is applied at an angle, then
the surface of the body may deflect the force; and

(d) the speed of the impact - the higher the velocity of the impact, the
greater the force would be.

58 Dr Lau, the forensic pathologist, testified on the nature of the intra-
abdominal injuries identified and described in the Autopsy Report. His
evidence, which also gave a sense of the nature of the blunt force trauma that
was likely to have caused those injuries present on the Victim, was as
follows:

(a) The greater omentum, an apron of highly vascular fat that covers the
intestines, was nearly completely disrupted. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 7 lines 3-7; p 11 lines 7-10.

The anatomy of the greater omentum is such that it is not held in tension,
which means that it is not the type of tissue that will pull apart from a
single rupture. Dr Lau therefore surmised that very considerable force must
have been applied to the Victim’s abdomen to have caused such extensive
disruption of the greater omentum. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 22 lines 8-16.

(b) The bruising of the jejunum and ileum was very severe, having gone right
through the full thickness of the relevant parts of the small intestine. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 8 lines 23-32; p 9 lines 1-2.

(c) There was bruising of the iliopsoas muscles, which were located at the
back and the lower part of the abdomen, which was consistent with blunt force
trauma having been inflicted in such a manner that was transmitted through the
anterior abdominal wall, reaching not only the internal organs but also right
to the back of the abdominal cavity. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 9 lines 15-26.

59 Dr Lau’s evidence was that, given the severity and extent of the intra-
abdominal injuries, the blunt force trauma giving rise to those injuries must
have been very forceful and significant. His evidence on this point was not
disputed by the Defence. For completeness, I note that the evidence of Dr
Cheah Su Mei (“Dr Cheah”), a paediatrician who testified for the Prosecution,
was to similar effect: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript, 9 Feb 2021 at p 15 lines 16-20.

… [the] kinds of injuries [as observed on the Victim and listed in the Autopsy
Report] are seen in high velocity, high impact trauma. If I may give an
example to the Court of the omental bleeding that I have personally treated,
it’s usually in a … sudden quick and very hard, high impact trauma such as a
handlebar injury with a sudden stop and then a sudden blunt force to that
abdomen. …

[emphasis added]

60 I next turn to consider each of the three other sources of blunt force
trauma relied on by the Defence (namely, the bouncing incident involving the
Twins, the Victim’s vomiting and the accused’s application of CPR on the
Victim) and whether, in the light of the medical evidence, they were
contributory causes of the intra-abdominal injuries.

The incident involving the Twins bouncing on the Victim’s abdomen

61 I start first with the incident where the Twins were observed by the
accused as bouncing on the Victim’s abdomen. The accused described this
incident in the following terms during his evidence-in-chief: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 9 lines 13-21.

One of the twins spread their legs and sit on … his buttocks was on top of
[the Victim’s] stomach whilst [he] was moving up and down on [the Victim’s]
stomach. … [His legs] did not touch the floor.

…

… the other twin was clapping his hands and cheering. At first, [the Victim]
was laughing. This happened for a few seconds and suddenly, [the Victim]
shouted, “Pain”. So I intervened, I carried the twin which was on top of [the
Victim] and put him aside. …

62 During cross-examination, the accused further explained that, during each
bounce, one of the Twins’ buttocks was in contact with the Victim’s abdomen
(during which his feet were on the floor) while he sat astride the Victim’s
abdomen, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript, 7 Apr 2021 at p 23 lines 28-31.

and then he would jump off the ground and his feet would be “dangling” in the
air and not in contact with the ground, before he landed back on the Victim’s
abdomen again. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript, 7 Apr 2021 at p 24 lines 22-32.

The accused testified that the bouncing incident happened over a “few seconds”
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 9 lines 19-20.

and he also agreed that it was a “short span of time” between when he first
saw one of the Twins bouncing and when he intervened and stopped the children
from playing. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript, 7 Apr 2021 at p 27 lines 6-9.

63 Viewing the medical evidence in totality, I did not accept that the
bouncing by either of the Twins on the Victim’s abdomen in the manner
described by the accused would have constituted a significant source of blunt
force trauma. As Dr Cheah testified, small children like the Twins who play
together generally do not achieve a significant bounce on each other, and any
such bouncing is also not considered a high impact or high velocity activity
that would cause significant trauma. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript, 9 Feb 2021 at p 7 lines 1-6.

This is corroborated by the accused’s own evidence when he conceded that he
regarded the incident as children “just playing with each other and it is not
serious”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, 7 Apr 2021 at p 32 lines 15–18.

Dr Lau also gave the opinion that any contribution by the Twins’ bouncing to
Victim’s intra-abdominal injuries “would have been very miniscule or even
negligible”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript, 13 Apr 2021 at p 11 lines 2–5.

Consequently, I found that any contributory effect which this incident had to
the intra-abdominal injuries would have been negligible.

The accused’s application of CPR on the Victim

64 On this point, the Defence’s case was that, after the Victim lost
consciousness on 2 September 2018, he applied CPR using both his hands on the
Victim’s abdomen. This was contrary to the correct procedure for performing
CPR on a young child like the Victim, which is to use only two fingers on the
chest. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DCS at paras 51-56.

The Defence argued that the accused’s application of CPR on the Victim’s
abdomen using both his hands would have constituted a source of blunt force
trauma and contributed to the intra-abdominal injuries found on the Victim.
However, the accused’s testimony in court was that he had performed CPR on the
Victim’s chest. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 12 lines 1-2.

The contention that the CPR was performed on the Victim’s abdomen was
therefore not supported by the evidence.

65 The accused, however, did testify that he performed CPR on the Victim using
both his hands instead of only two fingers. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 12 lines 1-6. ]

This would have resulted in much more force being applied on the Victim’s
chest than was advisable. The issue then was whether this would have
constituted a source of blunt force trauma and contributed to the intra-
abdominal injuries on the Victim.

66 During cross-examination, Dr De Dios agreed with counsel for the Defence
that CPR performed on a child at the correct location of his or her body but
using both hands (instead of two fingers) had a chance of compressing the
abdomen. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript, 11 Feb 2021 at p 13 lines 27-31, p 14 lines 1-22.

Dr Lau also agreed that this could cause internal injuries. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 34 lines 4–26.

However, Dr Lau added that, since the accused would have been performing CPR
after the Victim’s breathing and circulation had stopped, any resulting injury
would have been perimortem or post-mortem, whereas the injuries he observed
during the autopsy were antemortem injuries. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 56 lines 4–28.

Dr Lau considered that any contribution from the misapplication of CPR would
likely have been negligible. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 60 lines 21–25.

Thus, I found that any contributory effect that the accused’s application of
CPR on the Victim’s chest using two hands might have had on the intra-
abdominal injuries was also negligible.

The Victim’s vomiting

67 It was undisputed that the Victim vomited after having dinner on 1
September 2018 and also vomited on several occasions in the early hours of 2
September 2018. Dr Cheah testified that the Victim’s vomiting would have been
a source of intra-abdominal pressure, and that it might have aggravated
existing internal abdominal injuries if any were present. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 9 Feb 2021 at p 13 lines 11-22.

The Defence did not put any questions concerning this issue to Dr Lau.
However, given the nature of the experts’ answers on the significance of the
Twins bouncing on the Victim’s abdomen and the alleged misapplication of CPR
by the accused, I do not see how any contributory effect by the Victim’s
vomiting to the intra-abdominal injuries would have been anything but
negligible.

68 More importantly, unlike the other two incidents, the Victim’s vomiting was
a natural symptom and consequence of the injuries inflicted by the accused’s
kicks, which therefore could not be regarded as independent causes to the
Victim’s intra-abdominal injuries.

Conclusion on the first and second elements

69 For the reasons above, in my judgment, the other sources of blunt force
trauma on the Victim’s abdomen as alleged by the Defence had negligible
contributory effect to the intra-abdominal injuries and I excluded them as
causes of the intra-abdominal injuries. In other words, the entirety of the
intra-abdominal injuries as identified and described in the Autopsy Report
were attributable to the accused, and that is the “bodily injury” to which the
third and fourth elements of the Virsa Singh test were to be applied.

Third element: Intention to inflict the bodily injury caused

70 For the third element of the Virsa Singh test, what needs to be proved is
the subjective intention of the accused to cause the bodily injury that is
present on the victim. The third element will not be satisfied if the injury
was accidental or unintended, or if the accused had intended some other kind
of injury (see Public Prosecutor v Lim Poh Lye and another [2005] 4 SLR(R) 582
(“Lim Poh Lye”) at [22]).

71 The inquiry into the accused’s intention proceeds on broad lines. It
extends to asking whether there was intention to strike the part of the body
where the injury was found, and whether there was intention to strike with
sufficient force to cause the kind of injury found to be present (see Virsa
Singh at [21]). However, it does not extend to asking whether the accused
intended an injury of a particular degree of seriousness. Thus, so long as the
accused intended the injury which he inflicted on the victim, it is irrelevant
whether the accused knew of the seriousness of the injury he inflicted, or if
he did not intend the injury to be as serious as it turned out to be (see Lim
Poh Lye at [23] and [37]).

72 The accused’s subjective intention is also to be ascertained or inferred
from the objective facts and evidence. Thus, in practice, where it is proved
that an injury was inflicted and that the accused inflicted it, the natural
inference would be that the accused intended to inflict the injury, unless the
evidence or the circumstances warrant an opposite conclusion (see Public
Prosecutor v Boh Soon Ho [2020] SGHC 58 at [45(e)]).

Whether the accused intended to cause the intra-abdominal injuries when he
kicked the Victim’s abdomen twice during the 3.00pm incident

73 The accused’s evidence was that he had been very angry during the 3.00pm
incident on 1 September 2018 as he saw the Victim urinate on the floor again
despite his earlier instruction to the Victim during the 10.00am incident to
not urinate on the floor. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 50 lines 21-30.

He therefore summoned the Victim and asked her why she urinated on the floor
of the Toilet, but the Victim remained silent despite his repeated
questioning, which caused him to become even angrier. What subsequently
happened was explained by the accused in his statement, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Accused’s 10 Sep 2018 statement (AB at pp 291-292).

which was consistent with his testimony in court : 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 8 line 9.

Out of my anger, I pushed [the Victim] on to the floor. I pushed her left
shoulder with my right hand while we were both standing. … Due to my push,
[the Victim] fell on to the ground … I remember her right elbow hit the ground
first and she landed on the right side of her body. When [the Victim] fell on
to the floor, she tried to get up. However, as her feet was touching the
urine, it was too slippery and she could not help herself up from the ground.

When I saw [the Victim] trying to get up from the ground, I kicked her stomach
once with my right foot. I was not wearing any footwear at that point of time.
I lifted my foot above the ground and a distance away from her … I then kicked
her stomach area forcefully twice … The two kicks happened continuously very
quickly, without any break in between. …

74 The accused testified that he had been very angry with the Victim during
the 3.00pm incident and so after pushing the Victim onto the floor, he just
kicked whatever was in front of him, which happened to be the Victim’s
abdomen. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 54 lines 10-13; AB at p 351.

I accepted the accused’s evidence on this and found that he had inflicted the
two kicks in quick succession, spontaneously as he was “carried away” by his
anger towards the Victim, meaning that he did not kick the Victim with the
intention to strike the part of the Victim’s body where the intra-abdominal
injuries were later found, and he also did not have the intention to strike
with sufficient force to cause the sort of injuries that eventually came to be
found on the Victim when he inflicted the kicks. This is so for two reasons.

75 First, the 3.00pm incident had been entirely unpremeditated and it had been
triggered by the Victim’s act of urinating on the floor which resulted in the
accused losing his temper. The accused’s first response was to push the
Victim, but there was no evidence showing that the accused had done so in
order that he could target a specific part of the Victim’s body when he later
inflicted the kicks. The accused’s kicks eventually landed on the Victim’s
abdomen because that was the part of the Victim’s body that happened to be
directly in front of the accused’s right foot after the Victim fell down. I
therefore found that the accused did not have the intention, at the time when
he inflicted the kicks, to strike at the Victim’s abdomen. Second, the entire
sequence of events (starting from when the accused first summoned the Victim
to the toilet until the Victim was pushed on the floor and then kicked)
happened so quickly that I found that the accused could not have formed the
intention there and then to strike at any part of the Victim’s body with
sufficient force as to cause the intra-abdominal injuries that she came to
sustain, especially since the incident was a result of the accused’s
spontaneous response after he got angry with the Victim’s act of urinating on
the floor and then not giving any answers when questioned by the accused.

76 I also found it significant that, in the evening of 1 September 2018 when
the accused applied some ointment on the Victim’s stomach after she started
vomiting, the accused said he “noticed” the Victim’s face twitched when he
rubbed her right abdominal area, and he then proceeded to press several other
spots on the Victim’s right, left and upper abdominal area and asked the
Victim if it was painful (see [9] above). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Accused’s 11 Sep 2018 statement (AB at pp 317-318).

That was the second occasion that day after the kicks that the accused applied
ointment on the Victim’s abdomen (the first occasion was after he bathed the
children). 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript, 7 Apr, pp 10-11.

The accused testified that, on the first occasion when he applied ointment for
the Victim, he had been worried about causing pain in the Victim’s abdomen
because of his earlier kicks. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript, 7 Apr, p 11 lines 10-15; AB at p 316.

Presumably, this would have also applied to the second occasion when he
applied ointment for the Victim and asked her where in her abdominal area she
felt pain.

77 The accused would obviously have remembered after the event that he kicked
the Victim in the general area of her abdomen, and indeed he was candid with
this fact across all his statements and in his testimony in court. It was
therefore unsurprising and logical that the accused knew that the Victim would
have felt pain in her abdomen as a result of his kicks. What was significant,
however, was that the accused asked the Victim where exactly on her abdomen
she felt pain when he applied ointment for her on the second occasion. This
showed that the accused did not know where exactly his kicks had landed, and
that both kicks were a spontaneous reaction by the accused to his anger.

Conclusion on the third element

78 Therefore, in my judgment, although both of the accused’s kicks on the
Victim’s abdomen had been intentional (in the sense that they were voluntary),
he did not intend to cause the intra-abdominal injuries found on the Victim
because those kicks were a spontaneous response as a result of his anger and
they were inflicted not with any intention to strike at any part of the
Victim’s body nor with the intention to strike with sufficient force to cause
the intra-abdominal injuries that the Victim came to sustain. I therefore
found that the third element of the s 300(c) offence had not been proven
beyond reasonable doubt by the Prosecution.

79 For completeness, I make two further observations. First, I note that that
the accused in his 3 September 2018 statement recorded by ASP Mahathir stated
that his kicks had been “targeted” at the Victim’s stomach. The relevant part
of that statement reads as follows: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Accused’s 3 Sep 2018 statement at para 5 (AB at p 205).

… Out of anger, I pushed [the Victim] and she hit the wall behind her. Using
my right leg, I gave her two hard kicks on her stomach. The reason why I
targeted her stomach was that she had so much problem peeing or passing
motion, I wanted to teach her a lesson. I know what I did was wrong. …

80 In his evidence, the accused denied that he had used the word “targeted”
when his statement was recorded by ASP Mahathir but he accepted that he did
inform ASP Mahathir that he had kicked the Victim twice to “teach her a
lesson”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 15 lines 7-8.

The reason for that was that he did not know the Malay word for “target”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 15 lines 7-8.

ASP Mahathir disagreed and maintained that the 3 September 2018 statement
recorded the accused’s own words to him (which were in a mixture of Malay and
English) and that the accused could have used the word “target” in English. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript, 13 Apr 2021 at p 38 lines 29-32, p 39 lines 1-6.

ASP Mahathir’s testimony on this point was not challenged in cross-
examination.

81 In the circumstances, I accepted ASP Mahathir’s evidence and found that the
accused had said the word “targeted” when giving his statement on 3 September
2018. However, I did not find the accused’s use of the word “targeted” in the
3 September 2018 statement significant, as the term never appeared again in
any of the subsequent statements given by the accused to ASP Violet Toh (see
[33] above). The fact remains that the accused only happened to kick the
Victim’s abdomen because, after the Victim fell onto the ground, her abdomen
came to be the part of her body that was closest to the accused’s right foot
after the fall. In other words, the accused ended up kicking the Victim’s
abdomen because she fell in the way she did. Those circumstances militate
against the accused having deliberately targeted the Victim’s abdomen by his
kicks. Having observed and considered the demeanour of the accused, I was
satisfied that he was a credible witness and I preferred his oral evidence
that he had not targeted any part of the Victim’s body when he kicked the
Victim and only kicked the Victim’s abdomen because that was the part of her
body closest to his right foot. This was also consistent with the account he
gave about the kicks in his police statement recorded on 13 September 2018
which was not long after the 3 September 2018 statement was recorded. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Accused’s 13 Sep 2018 statement at para 175–176 (AB at p 351).

82 Second, the Prosecution argued that the fact that the kicks had been
inflicted with considerable force by the accused showed that he had inflicted
the kicks with the intention to cause the intra-abdominal injuries. I should
add that there was no dispute that the accused’s kicks had been forceful. The
accused himself described those kicks as “hard kicks” 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Accused’s 3 Sep 2018 statement at para 5 (AB at p 205).

and “forceful” 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Accused’s 10 Sep 2018 statement (AB at pp 291-292).

in his police statements. During cross-examination, he also agreed that they
were “hard kicks”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, 6 Apr 2021 at p 52 lines 31-32, p 53 lines 1-3.

In this regard, the Prosecution submitted that a person should be regarded as
intending the ordinary and natural consequences of his act. On its face, this
submission accorded with the following principle articulated in Virsa Singh at
[16]:

The question is not whether the prisoner intended to inflict a serious injury
or a trivial one but whether he intended to inflict the injury that is proved
to be present. If he can show that he did not, or if the totality of the
circumstances justify such an inference, then, of course, the intent that the
section requires is not proved. But if there is nothing beyond the injury and
the fact that the appellant inflicted it, the only possible inference is that
he intended to inflict it.

Therefore, the inquiry is whether the totality of the circumstances justify an
inference that the accused lacked the requisite intention. In my judgment,
although the accused had kicked the Victim with considerable force, the
evidence showed that he had kicked the Victim spontaneously and without
targeting the Victim’s abdomen. Also, since the kicks were a spontaneous
response by the accused as a result of his anger, the fact that considerable
force had been used was simply an unfortunate consequence of his anger at that
time, rather than a result of him intending to strike the Victim’s abdomen
with sufficient force to cause the sort of injuries found on the Victim. I
therefore found the present case to be one where the totality of the
circumstances justified the inference that the accused lacked the requisite
intention.

Fourth element: Whether the bodily injury was sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death

83 On the basis of my conclusion on the third element, I acquitted the accused
of the Murder Charge. For completeness, however, I set out my views on whether
the fourth element of the Virsa Singh test had been satisfied in this case.

84 The question of whether the bodily injury is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death is an objective inquiry into the character of
the injury. An injury which is “sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to
cause death” is one which carries a high probability of death in the ordinary
course of nature (see Wang Wenfeng v Public Prosecutor [2012] 4 SLR 590 at
[33]). It does not import a requirement that the said injury must inevitably
and in all circumstances cause death (see In re Singaram Padayachi and others
(1944) AIR Mad 223 (“Singaram”) at 225). Also, the probability of death is to
be determined without reference to the availability of timely medical
intervention or the possibility that the victim may have survived if medical
treatment had been rendered (see Singaram at 225).

85 In this case, the intra-abdominal injuries caused death as a result of the
internal bleeding within the abdomen (or haemoperitoneum). The amount of blood
measured in the Victim’s abdomen during the autopsy by Dr Lau was 300ml. Dr
Lau testified that, on the basis that there is approximately 80ml of
circulating blood for every kilogram of body weight in the human body, the
Victim (who weighed 12kg at the time of her death) would have had
approximately 960ml or 1 litre of circulating blood volume. The loss of even
10% of one’s circulating blood volume is already life-threatening 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 7 lines 17-24.

and so the Victim’s loss of 300ml of blood, which was about 30% of her
circulating blood volume, would have been “more than sufficient” to cause her
death. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 14 lines 20-23.

Therefore, according to Dr Lau, the intra-abdominal injuries were sufficient
in the ordinary course of nature to cause death.

86 The Defence relied on medical literature which classified haemorrhage
injury as coming within four classes based on the patient’s percentage of
blood loss (“the Classification System”). Represented in a table, the four
classes in the Classification System were as follows: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Exhibit D1.

| Class I| Class II | Class III| Class IV   
---|---|---|---|---  
Blood loss / % of circulating blood volume| Up to 15%| 15% to 30%| 30% to 40%|
Above 40%  
  
87 According to the Classification System, the loss of 30% of circulating
blood volume is a Class II haemorrhage injury. The Defence relied on the
evidence of Dr De Dios and Dr Casey Koh (“Dr Koh”) (Dr Koh is an accident and
emergency doctor and he had examined the Victim at the Accident and Emergency
Department of the Hospital on 2 September 2018) that death did not inevitably
follow from a Class II haemorrhage injury, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript, 4 Feb 2021 at p 80 lines 16-18; 11 Feb, p 17 lines 16-18.

and submitted that there was a reasonable doubt as to whether a Class II
haemorrhage injury, which the Victim suffered from, carried a high probability
of death in the ordinary course of nature.

88 This submission was misguided. First, the medical literature which the
Defence relied on was an extract from a textbook on emergency medicine titled
Advanced Trauma Life Support. It described Class II haemorrhage as
“uncomplicated hemorrhage for which crystalloid fluid resuscitation is
required” [emphasis added]. Both Dr Dios and Dr Loh testified that the
Classification System was meant to guide doctors in an emergency setting on
allocation of resources. In fact, Dr Dios testified that if a Class II
haemorrhage is left untreated, it would turn into a Class III haemorrhage and
so forth. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript, 11 Feb 2021 at p 17 lines 22-25.

Seen in this light, it was clear that, when Dr Koh and Dr Dios said that death
does not inevitably follow from Class II haemorrhage, what they meant was that
death would not follow if there were timely medical intervention. Since the
law requires probability of death to be determined without reference to the
availability of timely medical intervention, the Classification System did not
assist the Defence at all. I therefore accepted Dr Lau’s evidence that the
intra-abdominal injuries which the Victim suffered from were sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript, 13 Apr 2021 at p 13 lines 10-11.

and rejected the Defence’s submission about the Classification System.

Verdict

89 Given my conclusion on the third element, I found that the Prosecution had
not proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the accused intentionally inflicted
the intra-abdominal injuries on the Victim. I therefore acquitted the accused
of the Murder Charge.

90 Section 141 of the CPC permits the court to convict the accused person of a
lesser offence that has not been framed and with which he has not been
charged, where certain particulars of the principal offence have been proved
and these are sufficient to sustain the lesser charge, or if the facts proved
reduced the offence charge to a lesser offence (see Public Prosecutor v Wee
Teong Boo and other appeal and another matter [2020] 2 SLR 533 at [104]).

91 I had to consider whether the facts already proven by the Prosecution
disclosed a lesser offence for which the accused could be convicted pursuant
to s 141 of the CPC. Given my finding that the accused had kicked the Victim
as a spontaneous response to his anger, it was not open to me to convict the
accused of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under s 299 of the Penal
Code. Obviously, the accused did not inflict the kicks with the intention to
cause death. Since the kicks were a spontaneous reaction and the accused did
not have the intention to strike with sufficient force to cause injuries of
the sort that the Victim sustained, the accused also did not inflict the kicks
with the intention to cause such bodily injury as is likely to cause death.
For the same reason, the accused could not have, at the time of inflicting
those kicks, appreciated the likely result of his actions. He therefore did
not know that his kicks were likely to cause death.

92 In the circumstances, I convicted the accused of the offence of voluntarily
causing grievous hurt under s 325 of the Penal Code, pursuant to s 141 of the
CPC.

Sentence

93 For the purposes of sentencing, the parties consented for two outstanding
charges against the accused to be taken into consideration pursuant to s 148
of the CPC. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions (“PSS”) at para 2.

These were:

(a) a charge of voluntarily causing hurt to the Victim by means of a heated
substance under s 324 of the Penal Code arising from an incident sometime
between July and October 2017 when the accused intentionally scalded the
Victim with hot water while bathing her (“the VCH Charge”).

(b) a charge of child abuse under s 5(1) of the CYPA arising from an incident
sometime between January and April 2018 when the accused ill-treated the
Victim by slamming her head against the floor (“the CYPA Charge”).

94 As the Court of Appeal explained in Public Prosecutor v BDB [2018] 1 SLR
127 (“BDB”) at [55], the primary sentencing objective in offences under s 325
of the Penal Code is deterrence, and retribution may also be relevant as a
sentencing consideration where heinous violence has been inflicted. The Court
of Appeal in BDB at [55]-[56] also set out the sentencing approach for s 325
offences, which involves a two-step process. First, the court identifies the
indicative starting point for sentencing by reference to the seriousness of
the injury caused. In a case where the grievous hurt takes the form of death
(as is also the case here), the indicative starting point should be a term of
imprisonment of around eight years. Second, after the indicative starting
point has been identified, the court then considers the necessary adjustments
upwards or downwards based on an assessment of the offender’s culpability and
the presence of relevant aggravating and/or mitigating factors, a non-
exhaustive list of which was identified by the Court of Appeal in BDB at [62]
and [71] as follows.

(a) The aggravating factors include: (i) the extent of deliberation or
premeditation; (ii) the manner and duration of the attack; (iii) the victim’s
vulnerability; (iv) the use of any weapon; (v) whether the attack was
undertaken by a group; (vi) any relevant antecedents on the offender’s part;
and (vii) any prior intervention by the authorities.

(b) The mitigating factors include: (i) the offender’s mental condition; (ii)
the offender’s genuine remorse; and (iii) the offender’s personal or social
problems.

95 In BDB at [60], the Court of Appeal held that death is generally the most
serious consequence of any offence and may warrant the imposition of the
maximum sentence in appropriate cases. The court emphasised that, where death
results from the infliction of severe physical violence on a young victim,
this would warrant a sentence close to the statutory maximum. However, the
court also reiterated at [61] that each case must be assessed based on its own
particular factors and the sentencing framework was not meant to be rigidly
applied.

96 An offender under s 325 of the Penal Code may also be liable to caning in
addition to a sentence of imprisonment. The Court of Appeal in BDB held at
[76] that, where violence has been inflicted on a victim, retribution is
likely to be the principal sentencing consideration that warrants the
imposition of caning. The court also held at [76] that, where death is caused,
a sentence of 12 or more strokes of the cane may be warranted.

The parties’ sentencing submissions

97 Both the Prosecution and the Defence agreed that the applicable sentencing
framework in this case was that set out by the Court of Appeal in BDB. They
were also in agreement that, following BDB, the indicative starting sentence
in this case (an offence of voluntarily causing grievous hurt resulting in
death) was eight years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PSS at para 14; Defence’s Sentencing Submissions (“DSS”) at paras 4-5.

For the purposes of step two of the sentencing framework, parties agreed on
the appropriate number of strokes to be imposed but they differed in their
positions on the appropriate imprisonment term.

98 The case of BDB was one where the offender inflicted severe physical
violence on her biological son who was four years old that resulted in his
death. The offender was charged with two offences under s 325 of the Penal
Code as well as four other charges under the CYPA. In respect of the s 325
charge involving the victim’s death, the Court of Appeal held that the
appropriate starting point was nine years’ imprisonment (see BDB at [124]). As
the offender was exempted from caning, the court enhanced her sentence by 6
months pursuant to s 325(2) of the CPC in lieu of 14 strokes of the cane that
the court would otherwise have imposed (see BDB at [128]).

99 The Prosecution sought a sentence of ten years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes
of the cane. The Prosecution accepted that the events giving rise to the
accused’s conviction under s 325 in this case were less aggravated than those
in BDB, but it submitted that there were two factors warranting a higher
imprisonment term in this case. The first factor was the charges taken into
consideration (“the TIC Charges”) which were similar in nature to the s 325
offence for which the accused was convicted and so the court should
accordingly enhance the sentence for the s 325 offence. The Prosecution
pointed out that in BDB, there were other proceeded charges and so the court
had the option of imposing consecutive sentences to ensure that the overall
aggregate sentence was commensurate to the offending in that case. Therefore,
the nine-year imprisonment term in BDB had not been subject to any enhancement
on account of similar offences taken into consideration. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PSS at paras 26-29; Transcript, 9 May 2022 at pp 5-7.

The second factor was the fact that the accused in this case had delayed
seeking medical help for the Victim even after it became clear to him that the
Victim was in significant distress after the kicks to her abdomen. The delay
had been for more than 12 hours and it demonstrated that the accused blatantly
disregarded the Victim’s health and welfare. The delay was also aggravating
because the reason for the delay was the accused’s self-preservation. The
Prosecution also highlighted that such delay in seeking medical attention had
been a feature of offending in the TIC Charges. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

PSS at para 25; Transcript, 9 May 2022 at p 9 lines 25-29.

100 The Prosecution also submitted that there were no significant mitigating
factors in this case. In particular, the Prosecution argued that there was no
evidence of genuine remorse as the accused never accepted responsibility for
causing the Victim’s death, as was evident from his defence in which he sought
to avoid responsibility by relying on other events as having caused the intra-
abdominal injuries. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

PSS at para 30.

101 The Defence submitted that the appropriate sentence was seven years’ and
six months’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. The Defence argued that
the present case was less serious than BDB because it involved no sustained
period of abuse, the manner in which the Victim was assaulted by the accused
was also less egregious than in BDB. Further, unlike in BDB, this was not a
case where the offence occurred in spite of prior intervention of authorities
like the Child Protection Services. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DSS at paras 17-30.

The Defence also argued that the accused was genuinely remorseful for his
actions and that he had cooperated fully with the authorities in the
investigation process, as was evident from the confessions made in his police
statements. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DSS at paras 45-49.

102 The Defence also made the following submissions in response to the two
factors which the Prosecution relied on in arguing that this case nevertheless
warranted a higher imprisonment than that in BDB. First, the Defence argued
that the sentence of nine years’ imprisonment in BDB had, in fact, been
subject to some enhancement, as the Court of Appeal had taken into account the
other proceeded charges in that case, as well as the past instances of
violence inflicted by the offender on the victim that were not the subject of
any of the proceeded charges or charges taken into consideration, in arriving
at the overall criminality of the offender for the purposes of the subject
offence. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript, 9 May 2022 at pp 13-14.

Second, the Defence argued that there was insufficient evidence in this case
showing that the accused had intentionally delayed seeking medical attention
for the Victim’s injuries for self-preservation. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript, 9 May 2022 at p 12 lines 19-32.

My decision

103 In this case, since death was caused to the Victim, the appropriate
starting point was an imprisonment term of eight years and 12 strokes of the
cane.

104 In my view, the following aggravating factors, taken from the list
identified by the Court of Appeal in BDB (see [86] above), were relevant in
this case: (a) the manner of the attack; (b) the victim’s vulnerability; and
(c) any relevant antecedents.

105 As for the first factor, the focus is on the viciousness of the offender’s
actions and his culpability, and the inquiry is one into whether there was
cruelty in the manner of the attack and whether the victim’s agony had been
exacerbated by the manner in which injuries were inflicted, which is to be
inferred from the circumstances of the attack, like the frequency and
recurrence of the attacks, and the length of time over which the attacks are
carried out (see BDB at [64]). In terms of this factor, the accused’s actions
in this case (which were two kicks in quick succession to the Victim’s
abdomen) were not as severe and brutal as those of the offender in BDB (which
involved the offender pushing the victim causing him to fall and hit his head
on the ground, and then later choking the victim on his neck on two occasions,
the second of which left the victim weak and unresponsive). The Prosecution
and the Defence were in agreement on this.

106 As for the second factor, this will often be engaged in the case of young
victims, and it will be given additional weight where the victim’s
vulnerability is also rooted in the relationship of trust and dependence that
exists between the victim and the offender (see BDB at [65]). I agreed with
the Prosecution that this factor was engaged in this case, and further that
there had been an abuse of trust and authority by the accused given the
relationship of trust and dependence between himself and the Victim. This is
because the accused was one of the primary caregivers responsible for the
Victim’s care and welfare and the Victim also regarded the accused as his
father. I noted, however, that this factor was also engaged on the facts of
BDB in similar terms (see BDB at [124]).

107 As for the third factor, I agreed with the Prosecution that the TIC
Charges should be given due weight in determining the accused’s overall
criminality and in arriving at the appropriate sentence. I agreed with the
Prosecution that in so far as this factor was concerned, this case could be
distinguished from BDB as the Court of Appeal in that case had the option of
consecutive sentencing because the offender was convicted of four distinct
charges.

108 I should also add that I agreed with the Defence’s submission that this
case was also distinguishable from BDB because there was no evidence of prior
intervention by child protection authorities. As the Court of Appeal explained
in BDB at [70], this is an aggravating factor rooted in the enhanced need for
specific deterrence when an offender continues to abuse a young victim despite
prior intervention by the authorities.

109 I come to the Prosecution’s submission that a further aggravating factor
in this case was that there had been delay on the accused’s part in seeking
medical attention for the Victim. I rejected this submission for two reasons.
First, as a general principle, delay on the part of an accused person in
helping the victim of an offence of violence seek medical attention should not
be a relevant aggravating factor. The aggravating factors considered at stage
two of the sentencing framework in BDB are meant to adjust for the offender’s
culpability (see BDB at [62]). Thus, in order for a factor to constitute an
aggravating factor in this context, it must relate to the manner in which the
offence had been committed (see Logachev Vladislav v Public Prosecutor [2018]
4 SLR 609 at [35]). The accused’s act of delaying medical attention relates to
what occurred after the commission of the offence, and not the manner in which
the offence had been committed. Furthermore, to the extent that a delay in
seeking medical attention contributed to the victim’s demise or the more
severe injury that he or she eventually suffered from, this already
constituted a consequence of the offence, which would have been factored in
identifying the indicative starting sentence under the first step of the
sentencing framework in BDB (see BDB at [56]).

110 Second, even if this were an aggravating factor, I was of the view that it
was not engaged on the facts of this case. I agreed with the Defence that
there was insufficient evidence to support the finding that there had been
deliberate delay on the part of the accused in seeking medical attention for
the Victim. This was because there were no visible external injuries as a
result of the kicks and the Victim’s abdominal discomfort and subsequent
vomiting may not have sufficiently alerted the accused to the possibility that
the Victim had, in fact, sustained severe injuries. I also noted that the
accused had, in fact, been concerned whether the Victim was suffering from
pain or discomfort as a result of his kicks, as he had pressed on various
parts of the Victim’s abdomen in the evening of 1 September 2018 when applying
ointment on her, asking her where she felt pain (see [68] above). This
demonstrated concern on the part of the accused. I found it likely that, had
the Victim told the accused that she was in great pain or discomfort (which
unfortunately she was unable to), the accused would have sought medical
attention earlier.

111 Finally, I agreed with the Defence’s submission that the accused had
demonstrated genuine remorse and this was a mitigating factor operating in his
favour. The accused had come clean in his police statements, which were taken
shortly after the incident on 1 September 2018, that he had kicked the
Victim’s abdomen forcefully. I noted that the Court of Appeal in BDB stated at
[74] that an offender’s cooperation with the investigating authorities should
not be regarded as a strong mitigating factor if there is overwhelming
evidence against him. However, this case was qualitatively different as I was
satisfied from the accused’s police statements and his court testimony as a
whole that he had accepted responsibility for his actions and the accused’s
admissions and cooperation with the authorities was demonstrative of genuine
remorse.

112 As for the punishment of caning, the parties agreed that 12 strokes of the
cane was appropriate. I saw no reason to disagree.

113 Taking all the relevant factors into account, I was of the view that the
appropriate sentence in this case was nine years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes
of the cane.

Conclusion

114 For the above reasons, I acquitted the accused of the Murder Charge and
substituted it with a conviction under s 325 of the Penal Code for voluntarily
causing grievous hurt to the Victim. The appropriate sentence for the s 325
offence, with the VCH Charge and the CYPA Charge taken into consideration, was
nine years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. The accused’s sentence
was also backdated to 3 September 2018, the date of his arrest.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judge of the High Court |   
---|---  
  
Senthilkumaran Sabapathy and Lim Yu Hui (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam and Suang Wijaya (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for
the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 May 2023 (14:43 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

