Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGCA 33

Criminal Motion No 31 of 2023

Between

| Mohd Noor bin Ismail  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Criminal review — Permission for review]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mohd Noor bin Ismail

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2023] SGCA 33

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 31 of 2023  
Tay Yong Kwang JCA  

20 October 2023

Tay Yong Kwang JCA:

1 CA/CM 31/2023 (“CM 31”) is an application by Mohd Noor bin Ismail (“Noor”)
pursuant to s 394H(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”) for permission to review the Court of Appeal’s decision in Abdoll
Mutaleb bin Raffik v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2023] SGCA 12
(“Mohd Noor CA”). In Mohd Noor CA at [123], the Court of Appeal dismissed
Noor’s appeal against his conviction on a charge of importing not less than
212.57 grams of diamorphine and his sentence of life imprisonment and 15
strokes of the cane.

2 In CM 31, Noor makes the following three claims:

(a) First, he claims that the Court of Appeal stated during the hearing of the
appeal that he “was not involved in this case” and that Deputy Public
Prosecutor Lau Wing Yum (“DPP Lau”) also stated that “Noor was indeed not
involved”.

(b) Second, he repeats his previous allegation that Investigation Officer
Prashant Sukumaran (“the IO”) lied in court.

(c) Third, he alleges that Mr R Thrumurgan (“Mr Thrumurgan”), the lead counsel
who represented him at the remittal hearing and the appeal, “did not make
submissions about the IO” during the hearing before the Court of Appeal. For
the avoidance of doubt, this is a separate allegation from Noor’s earlier
accusation that his previous defence counsel (ie, the lawyers that represented
him before Mr Thrumurgan and his team were appointed) had given him inadequate
legal assistance. This earlier allegation against Noor’s previous defence
counsel was dismissed by the High Court and that decision was affirmed by the
Court of Appeal: Mohd Noor CA at [81].

3 Having considered: (a) Noor’s affidavit dated 13 June 2023 (“Noor’s
Affidavit”); (b) DPP Lau’s affidavit dated 20 September 2023 (“DPP Lau’s
Affidavit”); (c) the written statement of Mr Thrumurgan dated 3 September 2023
(“Mr Thrumurgan’s Written Statement”); and (d) the Prosecution’s written
submissions dated 2 October 2023, I summarily dismiss CM 31 pursuant to s
394H(7) of the CPC. This is because Noor has failed to meet the requirements
for a review application under s 394H of the CPC. Noor has not furnished any
new evidence and instead has made unsubstantiated allegations that are either
contradicted by the available evidence and/or previously addressed by the
Court of Appeal in Mohd Noor CA.

Factual background and procedural history

4 At the trial, Noor indicated that he wished to plead guilty to his charge of
importing not less than 212.57 grams of diamorphine, in furtherance of the
common intention with his co-accused Mohd Zaini bin Zainutdin (“Zaini”), an
offence under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”).
Noor did not testify when he was called upon to give evidence in his defence.
He was subsequently convicted on this charge on 21 March 2019 by the High
Court: Public Prosecutor v Mohd Zaini bin Zainutdin and others [2019] SGHC 162
at [2]; Public Prosecutor v Mohd Zaini bin Zainutdin and others [2020] SGHC 76
(“Mohd Noor HC”) at [13]. As Noor was issued a certificate of substantive
assistance and was found to be a courier, he was spared the death penalty and
was sentenced to life imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane with the
imprisonment backdated to the date of his arrest: Mohd Noor HC at [13]; Mohd
Noor CA at [44].

5 During the first hearing of Noor’s appeal on 18 August 2020, he alleged
that: (a) the IO had “forced” him into admitting that he knew his co-accused
had brought drugs into Singapore; and (b) that he was given inadequate and
improper legal assistance by his former defence counsel, Mr Nicholas Aw and Mr
Mahadevan Lukshumayeh. The Court of Appeal directed that the matter be
remitted to the High Court for further evidence to be taken on these
allegations.

6 Noor presented his case on these allegations with the assistance of Mr
Thrumurgan and his defence team between 3–5 August and 4 October 2021.
Thereafter, the High Court found that Noor’s allegations were not made out and
held that there was no basis to revisit the conclusion reached that Noor be
convicted on the charge against him: Public Prosecutor v Mohd Noor bin Ismail
[2022] SGHC 66 (“Mohd Noor (Remittal)”) at [110].

7 Noor’s appeal was heard again by the Court of Appeal on 4 August 2022. The
Court of Appeal released its decision on 26 April 2023, dismissing Noor’s
appeal and upholding the sentence imposed on him by the High Court: Mohd Noor
CA at [123].

(a) In respect of Noor’s allegations against his former defence counsel, the
Court of Appeal held that Noor had not come close to the high standard
required to establish inadequate legal assistance: Mohd Noor CA at [81].

(b) In respect of Noor’s allegations of a threat, inducement or promise
(“TIP”) that emanated from the IO, the Court of Appeal held that there was no
reason to disagree with the finding of the High Court that Noor had
acknowledged that the TIP, if any, did not operate on his mind: Mohd Noor CA
at [82].

My decision

The applicable legal principles

8 In order to obtain permission to make a review application under s 394H(1)
of the CPC, an applicant must disclose a “legitimate basis for the exercise of
the [appellate court’s] power of review”: Kreetharan s/o Kathireson v Public
Prosecutor and other matters [2020] 2 SLR 1175 (“Kreetharan”) at [17]. This is
achieved if the applicant satisfies the appellate court that there is
“sufficient material” on which the appellate court may conclude that there has
been a “miscarriage of justice” in the criminal matter in respect of which the
earlier decision was made: s 394J(2) of the CPC. Section 394J(3) of the CPC
defines “sufficient material” to mean material that satisfies all three of the
following conditions:

(a) first, the material must not have been canvassed at any stage of
proceedings in the criminal matter before the application for permission to
review was made;

(b) second, it must be such that the material could not have been adduced in
court earlier even with reasonable diligence; and

(c) third, the material must be compelling, in that it is reliable,
substantial, powerfully probative, and capable of showing almost conclusively
that there has been a miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter.

Noor’s allegations against the IO have already been dealt with by the Court of
Appeal

9 Noor’s first allegation is that the IO was “caught lying”. However, this was
an argument that he had raised during the first hearing before the Court of
Appeal on 18 August 2020. It was one of the matters that was remitted for
evidence to be taken on the issue: Mohd Noor (Remittal) at [97]. In its
grounds, the High Court made two pertinent findings and they were accepted by
the Court of Appeal in Mohd Noor CA at [78]–[83]:

(a) First, that the IO did not lie to Noor and had instead only offered an
incomplete account of the bundles that were present in his co-accused’s car so
that Noor would have the opportunity to give his own account as to why there
was an additional bundle present: Mohd Noor (Remittal) at [99]. Moreover, the
High Court found that the IO’s approach was not improper and that the IO did
not have any ulterior motive or intention to mislead Noor into giving an
admission: Mohd Noor (Remittal) at [29] and [100].

(b) Second, that the IO did not make “any such exhortation or threat that Noor
would be sentenced to hang if he did not admit to having knowledge that [the
co-accused] brought drugs into Singapore”: Mohd Noor (Remittal) at [102].

10 It is clear that in resurfacing the same allegation against the IO in CM
31, Noor is attempting to relitigate the same issue which has already been
dealt with by the Court of Appeal in Mohd Noor CA. It follows s 394J(3)(a) of
the CPC cannot be satisfied in respect of this first allegation.

Noor’s claim about the comments made by the Court of Appeal and by DPP Lau

11 Noor’s second allegation is that the Court of Appeal and DPP Lau had stated
that he “was not involved in this case” and that he was therefore “not
guilty”. DPP Lau’s Affidavit refutes Noor’s allegation. DPP Lau states that
“to the best of [his] recollection, no member of the Court made the comment
that Noor ‘was not involved in this case’” and that DPP Lau “also did not make
such a comment”.

12 Regardless of what might have been said by the Court in discussions and
arguments made during the hearing, the Court’s decision on the matter before
it is contained in its pronouncement at the conclusion of the hearing or in
the judgment that is issued subsequently. The Court’s decision is not
contained in any comments made or in questions that the Court poses to counsel
during the hearing.

13 In the present matter, even if words such as “Noor was not involved” were
mentioned by the Court of Appeal or DPP Lau, this could only have been in the
context of discussions about his co-appellant, Abdoll Mutaleb bin Raffik’s
(“Mutaleb”) original conspiracy charge. The original conspiracy charge against
Mutaleb stated that Zaini and Noor were involved in the alleged conspiracy.
That charge against Mutaleb was amended in the course of the appeal by the
Prosecution to one of attempted possession of drugs, leaving out any mention
of Zaini and Noor. To that extent, Noor was no longer involved in Mutaleb’s
amended charge. The respective charges against Zaini and Noor still stood and
Noor’s conviction on his importation charge was affirmed on appeal, as stated
clearly in the Court of Appeal’s judgment in Mohd Noor CA.

14 In the concluding portion of Noor’s affidavit, he asserted that it was
unfair that he was sentenced to life imprisonment when he “did not know
anything and was not involved in this case” while Mutaleb “who was actually
connected to this case” was only sentenced to 10 years’ imprisonment. As
mentioned above, Mutaleb’s original capital charge was amended in the course
of the hearing to a less serious charge and he was sentenced according to the
punishment provision for the less serious charge. Noor was likewise sentenced
according to the punishment provision for his charge of importation and was
actually spared the death penalty.

15 Noor’s assertion about what was purportedly said in court does not satisfy
the requirements of s 394J(3)(c) of the CPC in any way. It was at best his
misunderstanding about what was being discussed during the hearing of the
appeal. There was certainly no miscarriage of justice.

Noor’s allegations against Mr Thrumurgan.

16 Noor’s allegations against Mr Thrumurgan appear to comprise two related
complaints. First, that Mr Thrumurgan failed to make written submissions on
the alleged TIP made by the IO before the Court of Appeal. Second, that Mr
Thrumurgan did not say anything about the IO when asked by the Court of Appeal
during the hearing on 4 August 2022 whether he had any arguments concerning
the IO. These two points appear from the following portions of Noor’s
Affidavit:

Also, my Counsel did not make submissions about the IO to the Court. When I
asked him as to why he did not do so, my Counsel told me that one couldn’t
submit many pages to the Court of Appeal, only fifteen pages. So, he made
submissions only about my previous Counsel. However, my Counsel informed me
that he had prepared all submissions about the IO and he would only mention
about the IO in court if the learned Judge queried. When the learned Judge
asked my Counsel about the IO and whether there was anything he would like to
submit? (sic) my Counsel said that he did not have anything to say about the
IO.

17 At the court’s direction, the Prosecution requested Mr Thrumurgan’s
response to Noor’s allegations. Mr Thrumurgan provided a Written Statement on
3 September 2023 in which he made the following points:

(a) First, Mr Thrumurgan explained that Noor had confirmed in his written
instructions to Mr Thrumurgan that all his statements were given to CNB
voluntarily and that he was not forced, threatened or promised anything in
return for those statements. Further, Noor also confirmed that the statements
were recorded accurately and he did not have any amendments to make. For these
reasons, Mr Thrumurgan did not address the veracity of Noor’s allegations
regarding the TIP made by the IO.

(b) Second, Mr Thrumurgan pointed out that Noor had also confirmed during the
remittal hearing that any TIP made by the IO did not operate on him at all.
Therefore, Mr Thrumurgan considered that there was no legal or factual basis
to address the alleged TIP in his written submissions and that it would have
been improper to do in the circumstances.

(c) Third, Mr Thrumurgan explained that while he did not make any oral
submissions in respect of the alleged TIP for the above reasons, he had
informed Noor that he would be ready to address the Court of Appeal on the
issue should the need arise. Mr Thrumurgan noted that Noor had also agreed
with this approach.

18 I accept Mr Thrumurgan’s explanations and agree with the Prosecution that
he cannot be faulted for his conduct of Noor’s appeal. Mr Thrumurgan balanced
his client’s instructions and interest and his duty as an officer of the court
properly when he decided not to raise unmeritorious issues on appeal. Noor’s
unjustified allegations against his counsel’s conduct of the appeal also do
not meet the substantive requirements of s 394J(3) of the CPC. There is
clearly no hint of any miscarriage of justice.

Conclusion

19 For the above reasons, it is clear that the requirements set out in s 394J
CPC are not satisfied by Noor in CM 31. There is no legitimate basis
whatsoever for the Court of Appeal to allow a review of its decision in the
appeal. I therefore dismiss CM 31 summarily pursuant to s 394H(7) of the CPC.

Tay Yong Kwang  
Justice of the Court of Appeal  
---  
  
The applicant in person;

Lau Wing Yum and Kenny Yang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Oct 2023 (13:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

