Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 231

Originating Application No 726 of 2023

In the matter of Part 5 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act
2018  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018  
---  
  
Logistics Construction Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

Grounds of decision

[Companies — Schemes of arrangement — Whether a moratorium should be granted]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Logistics Construction Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 231

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 726 of 2023  
Goh Yihan JC  
14 August 2023

18 August 2023

Goh Yihan JC:

1 This was Logistics Construction Pte Ltd’s (“the applicant”) application for,
among other things, a six-month moratorium pursuant to s 64(1) of the
Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “IRDA”).

2 At the end of the hearing before me on 14 August 2023, I allowed the
applicant’s application but only for a three-month moratorium. Due to the
numerous creditors in the present matter, I provide these brief grounds to
explain my decision, especially for the creditors who may not have attended
the aforesaid hearing.

Background facts

3 I begin with the background facts leading to the applicant’s application.
The applicant is a private company incorporated in Singapore on 25 April 1992.
The applicant has a track record of general building for more than 25 years in
Singapore. The applicant is also a wholly owned subsidiary of Boldtek Holdings
Limited (“BHL”). BHL has been listed on the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange
since 12 January 2013. For convenience, I will refer to BHL and its
subsidiaries, which include the applicant, as the “Group”.

4 The applicant pointed to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the ensuing governmental
restrictions in Singapore and Malaysia, as factors that severely affected the
Group’s business. Despite these difficulties, the Group’s recovery was on an
upward trajectory. Indeed, the Group’s order book from general building and
precast manufacturing stood at about $79.4m as of 25 October 2022. In
addition, the Group was awarded construction contracts worth approximately
$119.1m for the period between June 2022 and January 2023.

5 Despite these positive developments, the Group’s recovery efforts came to a
stop when BHL called for a trading halt in January 2023, which was later
converted into a voluntary suspension in the same month. This was necessitated
by its independent auditor’s inclusion of a qualified opinion in its report on
the Group’s audited financial statements for the financial year ended 30 June
2022. While the voluntary suspension of BHL’s trading persisted, several of
the applicant’s contractors became much more stringent with their payment
terms. Some even threatened legal proceedings to demand for payment. The Group
also faced difficulties in raising finance.

6 More specifically, the applicant presently faces several demands for
payment. It is also involved in several legal proceedings, including
originating claims brought in the General Division of the High Court and the
District Court, as well as adjudication proceedings brought under the Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004 (2020 Rev Ed).

The applicant’s application

7 It was under these circumstances that the applicant sought a moratorium in
the present application. The applicant asked for a moratorium of six months so
as to complete its negotiations with its creditors, investors, and to prepare
the relevant applications. More specifically, the applicant said that the
Group has been in discussions with three investors for an investment of up to
$6m into the Group. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

2nd Affidavit of Phua Lam Soon dated 31 July 2023 at pp 12–14.

8 The applicant has also appointed scheme managers, and the proposed scheme is
likely to involve: (a) partial settlement of unsecured debt in cash by way of
scheduled repayments in several tranches; (b) issuance and allotment of new
ordinary shares in BHL to the unsecured creditors; and (c) all unsecured debt
and liabilities of the applicant to be extinguished upon the scheme coming
into effect, in consideration of the aforementioned repayment plan. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

3rd Affidavit of Phua Lam Soon dated 8 August 2023 at para 25.

The restructuring may also involve a rescue lender providing rescue financing
to alleviate the Group’s liquidity issues pending implementation of the
scheme.

9 As for the level of creditor support for the moratorium, it is relevant to
note that the applicant has one secured creditor, Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corporation Limited (“OCBC”), which is by far the applicant’s largest
creditor. Its top 20 unsecured and unrelated creditors include several banks
and construction/engineering companies. OCBC, as well as some of the other
creditors, have indicated support for a six-month moratorium. Other creditors
have indicated support for a shorter three-month moratorium, whereas others
have either objected or taken no position on the moratorium which the
applicant sought.

The applicable principles

10 With the above background in mind, I turn now to the applicable principles
governing OA 350. It is clear that s 64(1) of the IRDA allows a company which
intends to propose a scheme of arrangement to apply to court to restrain
proceedings against it. As I mentioned in the High Court decision of Re All
Measure Technology (S) Pte Ltd (RHB Bank Bhd, non-party) [2023] SGHC 148 (at
[8]–[10]), in interpreting s 64(1) of the IRDA, the cases which interpreted s
211B(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), which is the predecessor
provision to s 64(1), continue to be applicable (see the High Court decision
of Re Zipmex Co Ltd and other matters [2022] SGHC 196 (“Re Zipmex”) at [7]).

11 As Kannan Ramesh J (as he then was) observed in the seminal High Court
decision of Re IM Skaugen SE and other matters [2019] 3 SLR 979 (“IM
Skaugen”), a moratorium is “an extraordinary relief holding in abeyance the
enforcement of the legitimate rights of creditors against the company that is
seeking to restructure” (at [44]). That said, a moratorium should be granted
in cases where a company seeks protection from its creditors in order to
implement its rehabilitative efforts. As such, in determining whether such an
application should be granted, the learned judge held in IM Skaugen (at [57])
that “the court undertakes a balancing exercise between allowing the applicant
the requisite breathing space and ensuring that the interests of creditors are
sufficiently safeguarded”.

12 In carrying out this balancing exercise, it is not disputed that there are
both procedural and substantive requirements that must be met before a
moratorium can be granted under s 64(1) of the IRDA. The procedural
requirements are set out in ss 64(2), 64(3), and s 64(4). I will not discuss
the procedural requirements below since there is no dispute that they have all
been satisfied in the present case. As for the substantive requirements, the
substantive test to determine if a moratorium should be granted is whether, on
a broad assessment, there is a reasonable prospect of the proposed or intended
compromise or arrangement working and being acceptable to the general run of
creditors (see IM Skaugen at [57] and Re Zipmex at [7]). In order for a court
to make this broad assessment, a moratorium application must contain
sufficient particulars (see the Court of Appeal decision of Pathfinder
Strategic Credit LP and another v Empire Capital Resources Pte Ltd and another
appeal [2019] 2 SLR 77 at [48]).

My decision: the application was allowed

13 For the reasons that follow, I allowed the applicant’s application but
limited the length of the moratorium to three months, instead of the six
months it prayed for.

14 First, I was convinced that the present application was brought in good
faith and was a genuine attempt by the applicant to seek protection from its
creditors while it sought to restructure its liabilities. Indeed, I noted that
the applicant has voluntarily sought disclosure orders in the present
application so as to place the full picture of its rehabilitation as it
progresses in the next few months. I also observed that while the potential
investments were couched in tentative terms, there was no evidence to suggest
that these were either not genuine or completely implausible funding options.

15 Above all, I did not think that the objections raised by the various
creditors disproved this central finding. For instance, several creditors
questioned the applicant’s bona fides in making the present application, on
the basis that the applicant had failed to meet the payment schedules. They
pointed to the applicant’s issuance of postdated cheques that the applicant
subsequently failed to fulfil. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Affidavit of Ong Cheng Chuen dated 4 August 2023 at para 24.

The creditors also raised the concern that the applicant had failed to pay
them since 2018. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Affidavit of Lim Chuen Yang dated 4 August 2023 at para 16.

In response, the applicant argued that it had sought to manage its financial
difficulties through settlements with individual creditors and raising further
financing. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

3rd Affidavit of Phua Lam Soon dated 8 August 2023 at para 16.

In relation to these concerns that the applicant had failed to meet the
payment schedules, it should be noted that the very premise of an application
for a moratorium is that a company is unable to pay its debts such that it
requires temporary protection from its creditors while it engages in the
restructuring of its liabilities. As such, the mere fact that the applicant
has failed to repay its debts cannot be determinative of the present
application. Rather, the pertinent question is whether the applicant has
advanced a viable scheme that has a reasonable prospect of success.

16 Second, I found that the support of OCBC, which is the largest creditor by
far, to be important. While HYY Engineering (Pte) Ltd, one of the applicant’s
creditors, pointed out that OCBC’s support is not decisive because OCBC was
merely holding the applicant’s physical premises as security (unlike in IM
Skaugen, where one of the largest creditors was holding the applicant
company’s vessels as security, without which the applicant company could not
continue its operations), I did not find this objection persuasive. This was
because a large creditor’s support for the moratorium must be critical to the
success of the applicant’s rehabilitation efforts (see IM Skaugen at [58] and
[63]). Indeed, this may explain the requirement for an applicant to furnish a
list of all secured creditors and 20 of the largest unsecured creditors so
that the court could properly weigh and support the explanation of the
importance of that support provided by an applicant (see IM Skaugen at [58]).
As such, at the present stage, it could be said that the proposed scheme is
likely to be acceptable to the general run of the applicant’s creditors.

17 Third, while I found the particulars in the proposed scheme to be
sufficient for present purposes, they did appear to be short of specific
details. In saying this, I recognised that because the applicant’s
restructuring effort is at an early stage, the proposed scheme may be subject
to change. However, this has to be balanced against the creditors’ right to
know how and when they will be repaid, if at all. Quite understandably,
several creditors voiced their concerns at the hearing before me that the lack
of details raised more questions than answers, such as whether particular
groups of creditors are being preferred in relation to others. For instance,
Buildforms Construction (Pte) Ltd argued that details of the proposed scheme
were insufficient, uncertain, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st Affidavit of Lim Chuen Yang dated 4 August 2023 at paras 12–15.

and inconsistent across the applicant’s various affidavits. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1st Affidavit of Phua Lam Soon dated 21 July 2023 at para 41; 2nd Affidavit of
Phua Lam Soon dated 31 July 2023 at para 13; 3rd Affidavit of Phua Lam Soon
dated 8 August 2023 at para 25.

It was also unclear the extent to which the applicant could recover the
contract sum of $119.1m during the proposed moratorium period. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st Affidavit of Lim Chuen Yang dated 4 August 2023 at para 14(a).

Further, HYY Engineering (Pte) Ltd was doubtful as to the certainty of capital
injections from the three investors. In particular, HYY Engineering (Pte) Ltd
submitted that the applicant had failed to provide details about the
individual investor, such that it was uncertain how and why that investor
would invest $2m. As such, I found that a relatively shorter moratorium of
three months will balance the interests of the applicant and its creditors. If
the applicant requires an extension of the moratorium, the onus is on the
applicant to show, in three months’ time when the moratorium lapses, that
there is a reasonable prospect of the scheme working. While the applicant
submitted that a longer moratorium would allow it to conserve resources as it
focuses on its restructuring efforts, I did not think that an application for
an extension of the moratorium is so resource-intensive so as to become a
severe drain on the applicant’s efforts. Indeed, such an application would
only become a drain if things were not going well and it would be right in
that instance for the applicant to account to its creditors.

Conclusion

18 In conclusion, for all the reasons given above, I therefore granted an
order in terms of the main prayer for a moratorium, save that the length of
the moratorium be shortened to three months, as well as other ancillary
prayers, including the voluntary disclosures sought by the applicant.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Lee Lieyong Sean and Chua Peili Jacelyn (Aquinas Law Alliance LLP) for the
applicant;  
Chong Kuan Keong, Tay Yan Xia and Loh Pei Wen Bernadette Rena (Chong Chia &
Lim LLC) for Kandenko Co Ltd;

Kong Hui Xin Annette (Salem Ibrahim LLC) for Maginet Plumbing Contractor Pte
Ltd;

Oh Shi Jie Jonathan (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corporation Ltd;

Foong Han Peow (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for DBS Bank Ltd;

Muhammad Imran bin Abdul Rahim and Christabelle Arya Gerard (Eldan Law LLP)
for Buildforms Construction (Pte) Ltd;

Lee Kok Weng Mark and Tan Han Ru Amelia (WHM Law Corporation) for HYY
Engineering (Pte) Ltd;

Tan Jia Jun James (Covenant Chambers LLC) for Golden Landscape & Construction
Pte Ltd;

Lailatulqadriah binte Jaffar (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for MKV Engineering
and Trading Services Pte Ltd;

Lye Yu Min (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corporation Limited;

Darren Neo Eng Jye for Vertical Green Pte Ltd in person;

Wang Yulong for SG Façade Engineering Pte Ltd in person;

Jeffrey Lee Soon Quan for Wireka Sdn Bhd in person;

Chan Kok Yeow for Archilite Engineering Pte Ltd in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Aug 2023 (16:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

