Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 181

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9192 of 2022

Between

| Niranjan s/o Muthupalani  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Adult offenders —Extremely
strong propensity for reform]

[Criminal Law — Offences — Hurt]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Niranjan s/o Muthupalani

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2023] SGHC 181

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9192 of 2022  
See Kee Oon J  
14, 19 April 2023

3 July 2023

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the sentences imposed by the District Judge
(“DJ”) in Public Prosecutor v Niranjan s/o Muthupalani [2022] SGDC 291 (“GD”).

2 The appellant pleaded guilty to two charges under s 323 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”) for voluntarily causing hurt (“VCH”) to two
individuals at “Stickies Bar” located at 50 Tagore Lane, #05-07, Singapore
787494 (the “bar”) on 13 March 2020. The appellant admitted and consented to
have three other related charges arising from the same incident taken into
consideration for sentencing (the “TIC charges”). As the appellant was then a
person subject to supervision under the Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions)
Act (Cap 67, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CLTPA”) and the offence of VCH is a scheduled
offence under the Third Schedule to the CLTPA, he was thereby liable to
enhanced punishment under s 35 of the CLTPA. The DJ imposed a global sentence
of three months’ and two weeks’ imprisonment by ordering the following
sentences to run consecutively:

(a) DCN-900157-2022: three months’ imprisonment for the VCH offence against
the first victim, A Gopinath (“V1”); and

(b) DCN-900156-2022: two weeks’ imprisonment for the VCH offence against the
second victim, Chong Jui Jing Kenneth (“V2”).

3 On appeal, the two main issues canvassed on the appellant’s behalf were
whether the DJ had erred in deciding that the appellant was not suitable for
probation and hence declining to call for a probation report, and whether the
sentence was manifestly excessive in view of the appellant having been
diagnosed with Intermittent Explosive Disorder (“IED”). I set out my reasons
for dismissing the appeal below, incorporating the oral remarks which I
delivered at the hearing of the appeal.

Facts

4 The material facts are outlined in the Statement of Facts (“SOF”), which the
appellant admitted to without qualification. The appellant was placed on
police supervision by the Minister for Home Affairs under ss 30(1) and 33(1)
of the CLTPA for three years beginning on 9 May 2019, vide a Police
Supervision Order (“PSO”). The PSO was varied on 30 December 2019, and changes
to the restrictions therein were imposed. However, the duration of the PSO
remained unchanged.

5 On the evening of 13 March 2020, the appellant and his girlfriend went for
drinks at the bar. V1 and V2 were also present at the bar that evening,
together with their colleagues, Richard Burnen s/o Mahandrian (“Richard”), Ong
Yeow Hwee Glenn (“Glenn”) and Han Min Da (“Min Da”).

6 At about 6.50pm, the appellant had a misunderstanding with V1 near the
smoking corner. The appellant and V1 exchanged vulgarities, following which
the appellant started to assault V1 by punching and kicking him. V1 did not
retaliate. During the assault on V1, the appellant slapped V2 at least once in
the face when he attempted to intervene. The incident was captured on closed-
circuit television (“CCTV”).

7 Following the incident, V1 and V2 proceeded to Khoo Teck Puat Hospital for
medical examinations. V1 suffered blunt trauma to his left eye complicated by
left eye periorbital oedema/haematoma, left conjunctival prolapse secondary to
oedema and bilateral corneal abrasion. V2 suffered a contusion wound over his
left cheek and chipped (or fractured) teeth. V1 and V2 were given three days
of hospitalisation and medical leave respectively upon their discharge.

8 At the time of the commission of the VCH offences, which are scheduled
offences under the Third Schedule to the CLTPA, the appellant was subject to
supervision under the CLTPA by virtue of a PSO made on 9 May 2019. The
appellant was thereby liable to enhanced punishment under s 35 of the CLTPA
for both offences.

The proceedings below

Parties’ submissions

9 The Prosecution submitted below that the appropriate sentencing framework
for an offence under s 323 of the PC was the “two-step sentencing band”
framework as laid down in Low Song Chye v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2019] 5 SLR 526 (“Low Song Chye”). However, given that the maximum punishment
prescribed by law for the offence of VCH had since been increased from two
years’ to three years’ imprisonment with effect from 1 January 2020, the
sentencing bands set out in Low Song Chye should be correspondingly increased
by a factor of 1.5 times (the “modified Low Song Chye framework”).

10 Applying the modified Low Song Chye framework, the Prosecution sought
sentences of at least four months’ and two weeks’ imprisonment respectively in
relation to the offences against V1 and V2. The Prosecution submitted that a
consecutive sentence would be appropriate since the offences were distinct
acts involving two victims.

11 On the other hand, the appellant requested for probation, or alternatively,
a sentence of six to eight weeks’ imprisonment for the offence against V1 and
one week’s imprisonment for the offence against V2, with both sentences
running concurrently.

The decision below

12 The DJ declined to call for a Probation Suitability Report (“PSR”), finding
that probation was not an appropriate sentence. The appellant did not have a
strong propensity for reform given his lack of genuine remorse (GD at [41]).
This was because he only pleaded guilty some 17 months after he was first
charged (GD at [41]) and he appeared to place blame “on everyone and
everything but on himself” (GD at [42]). In particular, he placed the blame on
the victims, and also on his purported mental illness and his alcohol
consumption (GD at [42]). There were also no exceptional circumstances
warranting the grant of probation (GD at [45]). In the DJ’s view, the
appellant’s alcohol consumption would have contributed as much to the
commission of the offences as the IED which he was diagnosed with (GD at
[44]–[45]). The DJ therefore doubted the extent to which the appellant’s
mental condition contributed to the offences, given that the presence of
alcohol also contributed towards the commission of the offences (see GD at
[69(a)]).

13 Accordingly, the DJ applied the modified Low Song Chye framework as
proposed by the Prosecution. Crucially, the DJ considered the mitigating
factors of the appellant’s mental illness (albeit giving it less weight), his
plea of guilt (which the DJ noted was inherent within the existing Low Song
Chye framework, in any event), his testimonials and his selection into the
Singapore National Team for boxing since the offence. With these
considerations in mind, the DJ sentenced the appellant to a global sentence of
three months’ and two weeks’ imprisonment, ordering the following sentences to
run consecutively:

(a) DCN-900157-2022: three months’ imprisonment for the VCH offence against
V1; and

(b) DCN-900156-2022: two weeks’ imprisonment for the VCH offence against V2.

The grounds of appeal

14 The appellant submitted that the DJ erred in failing to call for a PSR to
assess the appellant’s suitability for probation. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Written Submissions of appellant (“WSA”) at paras 85–86.

First, the appellant had demonstrated a strong propensity for reform. The DJ
erred by failing to accord due weight to the genuine expression of remorse by
the appellant and in considering that he had pleaded guilty only at a late
stage. The DJ also erred in not giving due weight to the fact that the
appellant had not committed any further offences since the time of the present
offences. Second, there were exceptional circumstances warranting the grant of
probation, given that the appellant’s mental disorder had a contributory link
to the commission of the present offences. The DJ erred by finding that the
appellant’s alcohol consumption would have contributed as much as his mental
disorder to the commission of the offences.

15 The appellant further submitted in his Petition of Appeal that the
sentences imposed were manifestly excessive. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) at p 25, para 3.1: “The Learned District Judge erred
in meting out sentences that were manifestly excessive”.

While this argument no longer appeared to feature as a primary thrust of the
appellant’s written submissions, I nonetheless considered whether the
sentences imposed were manifestly excessive having regard to the relevant
mitigating factors identified in the appellant’s submissions. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

WSA at paras 24–73.

The issues

16 There were two key issues for determination in this appeal, namely:

(a) Whether the DJ erred in not calling for a PSR (“Issue 1”). This issue, in
turn, engaged the following sub-issues:

(i) Whether the DJ erred in finding that the appellant lacked an extremely
strong propensity for reform.

(ii) Whether the DJ erred in finding that there were no exceptional
circumstances warranting the grant of probation.

(iii) In the final analysis, whether deterrence would remain the dominant
sentencing consideration given the serious nature of the offences here, such
as to bar the grant of probation.

(b) Whether the sentences imposed by the DJ were manifestly excessive (“Issue
2”).

Issue 1: Whether the DJ erred in not calling for a PSR

17 As highlighted by Sundaresh Menon CJ in Public Prosecutor v Lim Cheng Ji
Alvin [2017] 5 SLR 671 at [6] and [7], while the law takes a presumptive view
that rehabilitation is the dominant sentencing consideration for offenders
aged 21 or under, this is not the case for offenders above the age of
majority. The appellant was already 24 years old at the time of the offences
in 2020. Rehabilitation would typically not be the dominant operative concern
unless the offender concerned happens to demonstrate an extremely strong
propensity for reform or there exist other exceptional circumstances
warranting the grant of probation (see also A Karthik v Public Prosecutor
[2018] 5 SLR 1289 at [44]).

18 A three-limbed framework applies when assessing whether an offender had
demonstrated an extremely strong propensity for reform (Public Prosecutor v
Siow Kai Yuan Terence [2020] 4 SLR 1412 (“Terence Siow”) at [55] and [56]):

(a) First, the court should consider whether the offender had demonstrated a
positive desire to change since the commission of the offence(s) (the “first
limb”).

Under this limb, non-exhaustive factors that could indicate a positive desire
to change include: (i) evidence of genuine remorse, which could be seen from a
plea of guilt, acknowledgment of the seriousness of the offences and its
implications or a full and frank disclosure of criminal activities beyond the
offences for which the offender was presently charged; (ii) the taking of
active steps post-offence to leave his errant ways behind; (iii) compliance
with and amenability to rehabilitative measures; (iv) not re-offending since
the index offence(s); and (v) evidence showing that the index offence(s) were
“out of character”.

(b) Second, the court should consider whether there were conditions in the
offender’s life conducive to helping him turn over a new leaf (the “second
limb”).

(c) If, after considering the first two limbs, the court came to a provisional
view that the offender had demonstrated an extremely strong propensity for
reform, the court ought then to consider, in light of the risk factors
presented, whether there were reasons to revisit this finding. (the “third
limb”). Risk factors include the offender's association with negative peers,
or the presence of bad habits such as an offender's habitual drug use or
dependence.

19 Having assessed the three limbs above, the court must ultimately consider
whether the nature or gravity of the offence is such that it displaces
rehabilitation as the dominant sentencing consideration. This may occur where
for instance, there is a persistent need for deterrence and even retribution
because of the gravity of the offence: see Public Prosecutor v Koh Wen Jie
Boaz [2016] 1 SLR 334 (“Boaz Koh”) at [30].

20 Having considered the appellant’s arguments on his suitability for
probation, I found that the DJ rightly found that probation was not a viable
sentencing option. This was because the appellant neither had an extremely
strong propensity for reform nor did there exist other exceptional
circumstances warranting the grant of probation. In any event, I was satisfied
that deterrence remained the overriding sentencing consideration, such as to
bar the grant of probation in light of the serious nature and gravity of the
offences here.

Whether the appellant was genuinely remorseful

21 The appellant submitted that the DJ erred in considering that the appellant
displayed no evidence of genuine remorse. The appellant’s challenge centred on
the reasoning of the DJ in the following paragraphs of the GD (at [41]–[43]),
which I reproduce in full below:

41 I was of the view that there was no genuine expression of remorse by the
accused. Despite that fact that the accused had eventually pleaded guilty
before me, as pointed out by the Prosecution, this guilty plea finally came
about 17 months after the accused was first charged in court.

42 Throughout, the accused seemed to be placing the blame on everyone and
everything else but on himself. It does not appear to me that he has
acknowledged that he was responsible for his own actions. He has put the blame
on the following:

(a) The victims. The accused had asserted that he was provoked by V1. Perhaps
V1 did so. However, the CCTV footage clearly showed that the accused was the
aggressive party throughout. He repeatedly punched V1 and even kicked him. V1
never retaliated at all. It is ironic that he now blames V1 for his prolonged
aggressive act. I note also that he has not apologised to the victims, in
particular V2, who was hurt by the accused only because he was trying to stop
him;

(b) Mental illness. The accused blamed his mental condition, namely IED, as
contributing to his commission of the offence; and

(c) Alcohol. He likewise blames alcohol as contributing to his commission of
the offence.

43 Although one could say that the accused has not committed any offences
since the commission of the present offences, I did not place much weight on
this despite the fact that the offence occurred 30 months before he was
eventually sentenced. The accused was charged about a year after the incident,
and it was through no fault of the Prosecution that took another 18 months
before the case was finally disposed of.

[emphasis added]

I noted that the analysis in this regard centred on the first limb of the
Terence Siow framework which looks at whether the offender has displayed
genuine remorse.

22 From the above passage, the appellant submitted that the DJ erred in
finding that there was no genuine expression of remorse on his part. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

WSA at paras 24–51.

The appellant’s submissions proceeded on two fronts. First, the DJ erred in
reasoning that the appellant lacked genuine remorse given that the guilty plea
came only 17 months after he was first charged in court. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

WSA at paras 28–36.

Second, the DJ erred in reasoning that the appellant had sought to place blame
on the victims, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

WSA at paras 37–51.

and also on his mental illness 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

WSA at paras 52–69.

and his alcohol consumption. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

WSA at paras 70–73.

In my view, the DJ did not err in either aspect in concluding that the
appellant lacked genuine remorse. I deal with both aspects of the appellant’s
submissions in turn.

Whether the DJ erred in considering the delay in the appellant’s guilty plea

23 In relation to the first point, the appellant sought in his written
submissions to explain why his plea of guilt came at a late stage. It was
noted that the appellant’s former counsel became indisposed before the matter
came up for hearing. There were also multiple adjournments of the matter due
to, among other things, the need to finalise the SOF by the Prosecution, his
former counsel’s issues with his practising certificate, amendment of the SOF
and time taken for the appellant to be assessed by Dr Jacob Rajesh (“Dr
Rajesh”) for the preparation of a forensic report. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

WSA at para 28.

The chronology of events is summarised in the table below. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Adapted from Written Submissions of Respondent (“WSR”) at para 51 and Public
Prosecutor v Niranjan s/o Muthupalani [2022] SGDC 291 at [3].

Date| Event  
---|---  
10 March 2021| The appellant (represented by Counsel) was charged for his
offences in State Courts Court 4B.  
5 August 2021| First Criminal Case Management System (“CCMS”) discussion was
conducted between the Prosecution and the Defence.  
11 August 2021| The appellant indicated that he wished to plead guilty. A
Plead Guilty Mention was fixed on 21 September 2021.  
21 September 2021| During the Plead Guilty mention, the appellant stated that
he wished to claim trial to the charges. A pre-trial conference (“PTC”) was
scheduled for parties to take trial dates.  
7 October 2021| Second CCMS discussion was conducted.  
29 November 2021| Parties attended a PTC to take trial dates. The matter was
fixed for four days of trial (26 to 27 January and 7 to 8 March 2022).  
21 January 2022| Five days before the trial was to begin, parties attended a
status PTC. Trial dates were vacated due to Counsel’s unavailability.  
22 March 2022| Parties attended a PTC. The appellant changed Counsel and the
matter was adjourned for Counsel to obtain a psychiatric report.  
29 March 2022| Third CCMS discussion conducted.  
28 July 2022| Parties attended a PTC. The appellant indicated that he was
willing to plead guilty to a revised Statement of Facts. A Plead Guilty
Mention was fixed for 26 August 2022.  
26 August 2022| The appellant pleaded guilty to the charges against him. The
DJ adjourned the matter to 12 September 2022 for sentencing.  
12 September 2022| The appellant was sentenced to a global sentence of three
months’ and two weeks’ imprisonment. The appellant was allowed to defer his
sentence until 27 September 2022, and his bail was extended accordingly.After
the appellant had left the courtroom, it came to the DJ’s attention that the
appellant was subject to enhanced punishment under s 35 of the CLTPA. He was
thus liable to be punished to a term of imprisonment of up to six years. This
brought the matter beyond the jurisdiction of a Magistrate to try. Both
parties agreed that the court should record a retraction of the appellant’s
guilty plea to allow the charges to be amended from MCN to DCN charges. This
was scheduled for 27 September 2022.  
27 September 2022| The case was re-mentioned with the charges having been
amended from MCN to DCN. The appellant reaffirmed his plea of guilt and
reconfirmed that the SOF was correct. The DJ proceeded to sentence the
appellant to a global sentence of three months’ and two weeks’ imprisonment.On
the same day, the appellant filed a notice of appeal against his sentence.  
  
24 Based on the foregoing, the appellant contended that he played no part in
the matter taking 17 to 18 months before being finally disposed of. It would
be unfair to infer a lack of his remorse on his part on account of his late
guilty plea because the matter took 17 to 18 months to be resolved on account
of the many delays which took place (as summarised in the table above).

25 However, as the Prosecution rightly pointed out, the main point was that
the appellant had failed to plead guilty at the earliest opportunity. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

WSR at para 49.

Despite initially indicating that he wished to plead guilty, on the date
scheduled for his plea of guilt to be recorded, he went on instead to claim
trial to his charges. This led to trial dates being fixed for January and
March 2022. It was only a mere five days before trial was to begin, and after
trial preparation had commenced, that the appellant vacated the trial dates.
This apparently came about because his counsel purportedly became indisposed
and unavailable, and not because the appellant had changed his mind once again
with a view to pleading guilty. His plea of guilt eventually only took place
more than half a year later, on 26 August 2022. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

WSR at para 52.

This stood in stark contrast to the situation in Terence Siow, where the
offender pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity even before a pre-trial
conference had been fixed. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

WSR at para 53.

Furthermore, even if there was some discrepancy in the SOF which erroneously
identified the appellant’s girlfriend as a possible victim of violence, this
need not necessarily have been sufficient cause for a decision to claim trial
and further prolong the proceedings. The appellant did not offer any other
explanation for why any dispute over the SOF would have caused undue delay. In
these circumstances, the appellant’s guilty plea was undoubtedly delayed by
his own doing. In my assessment, the DJ was correct to find that his late plea
of guilt was not indicative of any genuine remorse on his part.

Whether the DJ erred in considering that the appellant had sought to place
blame on the victims, his mental illness and alcohol consumption

26 Contrary to the DJ’s finding, the appellant submitted that he had not, in
fact, sought to place blame on the victims, or on his mental illness or his
alcohol consumption in such a way as to show that he was not genuinely
remorseful.

27 Dealing first with the DJ’s finding that the appellant had sought to place
blame on his IED and alcohol consumption for his offence, the core of the
appellant’s case below and on appeal did in fact relate to the contributory
effect of his IED and alcohol consumption in the commission of the offence.
This was notwithstanding the disagreement between the parties on the relative
contribution of either IED or alcohol to the offence. This is an issue which I
explore in greater detail below (see below at [31]–[44]).

28 In any event, the more critical indicia for the appellant’s genuine remorse
(or lack thereof) would be whether he had, in fact, attempted to place blame
on the victims. The appellant submitted that his reference to the provocation
by the victims in his plea in mitigation ought not to be seen as placing blame
on the victims. Rather, it should be read as a reference to the presence of
“non-grave and sudden provocation” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

WSA at paras 38 and 43.

in the context of it being a recognised mitigating factor which the court
should consider. In my view, the DJ could not be faulted for finding that the
appellant did appear to be blaming the victims in his plea in mitigation.
According to the DJ in his GD at [42(a)]:

The accused had asserted that he was provoked by V1. Perhaps V1 did so.
However, the CCTV footage clearly showed that the accused was the aggressive
party throughout. He repeatedly punched V1 and even kicked him. V1 never
retaliated at all. It is ironic that he now blames V1 for his prolonged
aggressive act. I note also that he has not apologised to the victims, in
particular V2, who was hurt by the accused only because he was trying to stop
him ...

29 The Prosecution contended that the appellant’s blaming of the victims was
evident from the appellant’s plea in mitigation, as the following extracts
demonstrate: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROA at pp 826–827.

25 … It was this misunderstanding and exchange of vulgarities that led to [the
appellant] being provoked to the point that he had an aggressive outburst. The
other victims were also hurt as they attempted to intervene in the incident.

26 … [the appellant] was provoked into his actions due [to] Gopinath hurling
vulgarities at him, not only in relation to [the appellant] but also his
family.

…

30 … the degree of provocation was high as it involved vulgarities being
directed at [the appellant] about his family. The time between the provocation
and the loss of self-control was also very short, as [the appellant] reacted
almost instantly. We humbly submit that this had the tendency of reducing the
objective gravity of the offences.

[emphasis added]

30 In my view, nowhere in the appellant’s plea in mitigation or even in the
appeal submissions was there any discernible expression of concern for or
contrition towards the victims for his offences. This could have taken, for
example, the form of an apology or an offer of compensation. Instead, the
appellant’s plea in mitigation, as reproduced above, showed that the appellant
engaged in victim-blaming, justifying his four-minute-long assault on the five
victims through the provocation he perceived from the vulgarities emanating
from a single victim. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

WSR at para 57.

As to the appellant’s point that his plea in mitigation ought to be more
properly seen as a mere reference to the non-grave and sudden provocation of
the victim, I was not satisfied that this would have cast the appellant in a
better light. The appellant may have been provoked, but his violent response,
which extended to not only V1 but also V2, was clearly wholly
disproportionate. He also sought to explain away how the other victims were
only hurt because they attempted to intervene. The appellant’s lack of remorse
was palpable from the complete absence of the following: an acknowledgement of
the brutality of the assault, an offer to pay for the victims’ medical bills,
or even a simple apology. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

WSR at para 58.

Even if I accepted the appellant’s assertion in his plea in mitigation that
“[he] has at all times cooperated with the authorities, evidencing his genuine
remorse”, there were scant details of his co-operation. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROA at p 822; WSR at para 60.

It was also unclear how the applicant could have cooperated with the
authorities in a manner that could have evidenced his remorse. The appellant
could be readily identified and his actions were visible in the extended CCTV
footage. These would have been a central feature in the investigations and his
eventual prosecution.

Whether there were exceptional circumstances warranting the grant of probation

31 The appellant submitted that there was an exceptional circumstance
warranting the grant of probation in light of IED having a major contributory
link to his offences. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

WSA at para 83.

The appellant’s mental illness in the form of IED would render deterrence less
effective, and rehabilitation should take precedence or, at the very least,
play an important role in the sentencing process. This was supported by Public
Prosecutor v Kong Peng Yee [2018] 2 SLR 295 at [59], where the Court of Appeal
reiterated that the existence of a mental disorder on the part of the offender
is always a relevant factor in the sentencing process. The DJ rejected this
argument by finding that the appellant’s alcohol consumption would have
contributed as much as the IED to the commission of the offences. On appeal,
the appellant emphasised that the Winslow Clinic Medical Report prepared by Dr
Rajesh dated 20 June 2022 (the “WCMR”) states that IED was a major
contributory link to the appellant’s offending. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

WSA at para 63; see ROA at pp 1004–1011 for the Winslow Clinic Medical Report
dated 20 June 2022 (“WCMR”)

As Dr Rajesh provided the only expert opinion on the matter, the DJ ought not
to have substituted Dr Rajesh’s views for his own view that alcohol played
just as much of a role as IED in the appellant’s offending. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

WSA at para 55.

32 In my view, the DJ did not err in concluding that alcohol would have
contributed as much to the commission of the offences as the appellant’s IED.
That said, I would clarify that it was not the finding of this court, or the
DJ, that the appellant did not suffer from IED at all. The enquiry really
pertained to the relative contribution of the appellant’s IED and alcohol
consumption to the commission of the present offences. This question
effectively turned on the appropriate weight to be placed on the conclusion in
the WCMR as to the contributory link to be drawn between the appellant’s IED
and the present offences.

33 At the outset, I was mindful that the diagnosis of IED must be viewed
alongside the appellant’s acknowledged alcohol abuse. According to the
appellant’s account to Dr Rajesh, he had been drinking since he was 15, and
his acts of violence tended to be linked to his drinking. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

WCMR at para 14.

The WCMR indicated that he suffered from IED at the material time, and this
was a major contributory factor in his alleged offences. Before the DJ, the
Prosecution sought to challenge the validity of this finding but did not go so
far as to submit, as it did on appeal, that the finding was so flawed or
deficient as to be of no assistance whatsoever to the court.

34 I was conscious that in Kanagaratnam Nicholas Jens v Public Prosecutor
[2019] 5 SLR 887 at [2], Menon CJ had held that a psychiatric report is
unhelpful if it fails to set out underlying evidence or details of the
analytical process or reasons supporting its conclusions. As the appellant
acknowledged in his written submissions, “expert witnesses owe a duty to the
court to ensure that their evidence is reliable and fit for court use, and
courts will not hesitate to reject evidence which is not fit for purpose”:
Wong Tian Jun De Beers v Public Prosecutor [2022] 4 SLR 805 (“Wong Tian Jun De
Beers”) at [19]. The Prosecution stressed that the conclusions in the WCMR
suffered from serious flaws and were thus unreliable. Dr Rajesh’s opinion was
exclusively based on the self-reported information of the appellant, his
family members and his girlfriend. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

WSR at para 67.

No reference was made to the CCTV footage, the only objective evidence on
record, to aid his assessment. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

WSR at para 69.

Dr Rajesh’s conclusion that there was a major contributory link between the
appellant’s IED and the offences appeared to be wholly circular. The WCMR
essentially stated that IED had a major contributory link to the offending
because there was an impairment of self-control, and the evidence of
impairment of self-control was due to the underlying IED. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

WSR at para 81.

According to the Prosecution, the following figure illustrated the circularity
in the reasoning in the WCMR: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

WSR at para 81.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

35 There were some indications that the WCMR lacked proper analysis and the
conclusion may have been unsupportable having regard to the relevant
diagnostic criteria for IED as contained in the Diagnostic and Statistical
Manual of Mental Disorders (American Psychiatric Publishing, 5th Ed, 2013)
(the “DSM-5”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities (“RBOA”) at p 305.

I provide two examples. Criterion F provides that “[t]he recurrent aggressive
outbursts are ... not attributable to ... the physiological effects of a
substance (eg., a drug of abuse, a medication).” This is repeated elsewhere in
the DSM-5 manual where it is stated that “[a] diagnosis of [IED] should not be
made when impulsive aggressive outbursts are nearly always associated with
intoxication with ... alcohol”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

RBOA at p 308.

As the Prosecution pointed out, given the conclusion in the WCMR that the
appellant’s consumption of alcohol at the material time also played a
contributory role to his alleged offences, a discussion on whether the
appellant’s aggressive outbursts were attributable to the effects of alcohol
ought to have been forthcoming. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

WSR at para 77.

Nowhere was such a discussion found in the WCMR.

36 For another example, Diagnostic Criterion C prescribes that “[t]he
recurrent aggressive outbursts are not premeditated ... and are not committed
to achieve some tangible objective (e.g., money, power, intimidation).” 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

RBOA at p 305.

The appellant’s counsel emphasised in oral submissions that the CCTV footage
showed that the appellant had retained his presence of mind and did not simply
lash out mindlessly at everyone in his vicinity. Indeed, the appellant sought
to pin the blame for the assault on his perceived provocation by V1 in his
plea in mitigation (see above at [30]). I was of the view that at the very
least, this indicated that the appellant was animated by his personal
objective of retaliating against the perceived slight against him and by a
desire to teach V1 a lesson. This would be at odds with Criterion C, a
criterion which in any event did not appear to have been explored in any
detail in the WCMR. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROA at pp 1010–1011.

37 Nonetheless, I was ultimately of the view that the WCMR did not appear to
be wholly unreliable or deficient, even if it was based entirely on self-
reported and potentially self-serving accounts by the appellant and interested
parties. I was accordingly unable to accept the Prosecution’s primary position
on appeal that the report should be given no weight at all. It cannot be said,
as the Prosecution submitted, that Dr Rajesh had totally misapplied the
criteria in the DSM-5 for the diagnosis of IED such that zero weight should be
accorded to the WCMR. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

WSR at paras 70–79.

38 The DJ took the same view by not rejecting the IED finding outright and
going on to evaluate the appropriate weight to be attached to the WCMR. I
agreed that the DJ was justified in adopting this approach, having regard to
the position taken by the Prosecution in the proceedings below. Nevertheless,
I was also of the view that the DJ was correct to express doubt as to the
cogency of the findings in the WCMR, which had to be evaluated on its face
since Dr Rajesh was not called upon to provide any clarification, whether
below or on appeal. Put simply, the WCMR, on its face, would suggest that
while the appellant did suffer from IED, alcohol consumption had also played a
significant part in his offending conduct. In my view, alcohol consumption had
more likely than not exacerbated his IED, and if IED was a major contributory
factor, it would be fair to say that alcohol consumption and the corresponding
likelihood of intoxication was strongly contributory as well.

39 In reaching this conclusion, I was conscious that the existence of a
contributory link between the appellant’s alcohol consumption and his
offending appeared to be undisputed in the appellant’s written submissions. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

WSA at paras 64 and 70.

Again, the dispute centred on the relative strength of the contributory link
between the appellant’s alcohol consumption and IED with the offences. Indeed,
the WCMR at paragraph 27 stated that had the appellant consumed alcohol at the
material time, this “may [have] also played a disinhibitory role in reducing
his threshold for anger”. Furthermore, at paragraph 28, the WCMR stated that
given the appellant’s history of getting into fights after consuming alcohol,
“his consumption of alcohol at the material time also played a contributory
role to his alleged offences at the material time”.

40 To be clear, I would state that I would not have been persuaded by any
argument that the appellant was not intoxicated at all at the time of the
offences. The appellant’s counsel suggested that there was evidential
uncertainty on matters such as the precise timing and intervals at which the
appellant had been drinking between his time of arrival at the bar at 3.00pm
to the time of the fight at around 7.00pm. This had to be evaluated alongside
the appellant’s own account, as set out in paragraph 23 of the WCMR, that he
had downed “about 10 to 15 glasses of alcohol (vodka) and drank some beer”
since about 3.00pm that day. It was entirely in his own self-interest to claim
on appeal that he was not intoxicated at all, just as he had professed in his
self-reported account to Dr Rajesh. It was not open to him to suggest that
this might have been because the “10 to 15 glasses of [vodka]” and “some beer”
could have been substantially watered down in some way or to assert that he
could have had an abnormally high threshold of alcohol tolerance. I was also
not persuaded that being intoxicated must necessarily mean that the appellant
must have been shown on CCTV to be visibly and demonstrably inebriated. But
even if I have erred in my assessment that he was intoxicated, it is highly
unlikely that his judgment was not at least substantially affected by what
would objectively appear to have been a very high level of alcohol
consumption. This could just as easily have fuelled his aggressive flare-up.

41 On a related note, I was also not convinced by the appellant’s point in
oral submissions that simply because the corroborative accounts, as set out in
paragraphs 20 to 22 of the WCMR, from his mother, girlfriend and sister did
not specifically mention alcohol consumption accompanying prior acts of
violence or aggression, this must mean that he did not consume any alcohol at
all when those acts were committed. All this remained speculative at best. On
the other hand, paragraph 14 of the WCMR provides helpful context to the
finding of IED, in particular in the appellant’s own account of “being
involved in fights after drinking” and “getting more angry after drinking”.
Thus, while he may have suffered from previously undiagnosed IED, it was clear
that alcohol consumption would have exacerbated his IED and resulted in
further disinhibitory behaviour. At paragraph 16 of the WCMR, the appellant
reinforced this by reporting that “his anger was worse after drinking alcohol
on some occasions”. Indeed, the incident in question in the present case was
plainly one such occasion.

42 I was also of the view that the appellant’s claim to have been affected by
IED and the suggestion in the WCMR that he had failed to control aggressive
impulses were at odds with the objective evidence from the CCTV footage. The
footage showed the appellant persistently targeting V1. He then turned on
those who tried to help V1. This was also emphasised by the appellant’s
counsel during oral submissions. However, in my view, the CCTV footage was
strongly indicative of the intentionality and motivation behind the
appellant’s actions. From the footage, it was evident that the appellant
intended to retaliate against V1 to teach him a lesson and to intimidate his
friends who intervened.

43 The appellant’s counsel sought to extend the point above in oral
submissions by submitting that the footage showed that the appellant had
retained his presence of mind and so could not have been “terribly
inebriated”, in order to downplay the contributory link between his alcohol
consumption and the offences. It was true that the appellant was not simply
lashing out mindlessly at anyone or anything that came his way. This was very
clear from the fact that he did not hit his girlfriend or the security guard.
He could even speak to his girlfriend and the security guard, albeit briefly.
While I accepted that the appellant did retain his presence of mind, I found
that this could also work against the appellant instead, as it would show that
IED could not have had as major a contributory link as the appellant
submitted. The appellant’s actions cohered with his lucidity, and thus cast
doubt on Dr Rajesh’s analysis of the DSM-5 criteria. As noted at paragraph 24
of the WCMR, a diagnosis of IED requires that impulsive outbursts should not
be committed to achieve some tangible objective (Criterion C of the DSM-5). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ROA at p 1010; RBOA at p 305.

More importantly, with reference also to paragraph 24 of the WCMR, the
aggressive outburst in this instance might possibly be better explained by his
alcohol consumption. To my understanding, this was how the DJ assessed the
WCMR, and I agreed that he was justified in doing so.

44 From the above, I found that the DJ did not err in concluding that alcohol
would have contributed as much (or, at the very least, strongly) to the
commission of the offences as the appellant’s IED. Accordingly, there was no
exceptional circumstance warranting the granting of probation.

45 For completeness, I considered the remaining arguments advanced by the
appellant in support of the grant of probation under the Terence Siow
framework. In relation to the first limb, the appellant submitted that he took
active steps post-offence to leave his errant ways behind. He had received
follow-up psychiatric treatment and completely given up consuming alcohol
since the incident, thus remaining crime-free for over 36 months since his
offending. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

WSA at para 80.

In relation to the second limb, the appellant also submitted that there was
the presence of strong familial support. The appellant was well supported by
his family and girlfriend, who formed his support structure to aid in his
rehabilitation. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

WSA at para 79.

To the appellant’s credit, he did not seek to argue that the offences were out
of character. Indeed, being under a PSO on account of his prior involvement
with secret society activities, such an argument would have been a non-starter
in any event.

46 In my view, while the above points did go some way to support the
appellant’s rehabilitative potential, I remained ultimately unpersuaded that
the appellant was suitable for probation. The more likely inference was that
rather than feeling genuine remorse for what he had done, the appellant merely
regretted his conduct and its consequences. His conduct was indeed
regrettable, but regret does not inexorably equate to remorse. To his credit,
he had shown commitment to change and had not reoffended. However, his desire
to change and move on appeared to be borne primarily out of self-interest. He
may have taken responsibility for his own efforts to reform, but it was not
evident that he felt responsible or remorseful for his offending conduct.
There was still some element of victim-blaming, in any event, as the thrust of
his arguments on appeal was still to blame V1 for causing the perceived
provocations. Even those who did not provoke him were assaulted, not for no
apparent reason (leaving aside IED as he claimed), but because they were V1’s
companions who tried to intervene to de-escalate and defuse the situation.

Whether deterrence was the dominant sentencing consideration given the serious
nature of the offences

47 Having considered the three limbs of the Terence Siow framework, the task
remains for the court to consider whether the nature or gravity of the offence
is such that it displaces rehabilitation as the dominant sentencing
consideration. This may occur where for instance, there is a persistent need
for deterrence and even retribution because of the gravity of the offence:
Boaz Koh at [30].

48 The appellant acknowledged that the “focus on rehabilitation can be
diminished or eclipsed in scenarios where, for example, the offence is
serious; the harm caused is severe; the offender is hardened and recalcitrant;
or the conditions do not exist to make rehabilitative sentencing options
viable: Lim Chee Yin Jordon, at [35]”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

WSA at para 17.

However, the appellant merely asserted his position, without elaboration, that
the present offences were not so serious, the harm caused was not so severe
and that he was not a hardened or recalcitrant offender. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

WSA at paras 82 and 65(c).

49 The Prosecution submitted that the dominant sentencing consideration here
was deterrence as this was a classic case of “face rage”, with a “key feature
being the commission of violence in response to a perception of affront, often
unintentional or slight (see Public Prosecutor v Chaw Aiang Wah [2004] SGHC
164 (“Chaw Aiang Wah”). From the SOF, however, it appeared to me that the
precise genesis of the offences was unclear. All that was stated in the SOF
was that the appellant had a “misunderstanding” with V1 near the smoking
corner prior to the assault. Following this, the appellant and V1 exchanged
vulgarities which led to the appellant punching and kicking V1. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

ROA at p 13.

Putting aside whether the present offences could be characterised as “face
rage”, it is indisputable that deterrence must be the dominant sentencing
consideration for the violent offences here. While raised in the context of
“face rage” offences, the observations of VK Rajah JC (as he then was) in Chaw
Aiang Wah at [19] are apposite: “[c]ulprits who resort to violent “self-help”
to settle scores, real or otherwise, must be prepared to face deterrent
sentences in view of the public interest in the prevention of such incidents.”

50 In my view, deterrence remained the dominant sentencing consideration,
given that the offences were serious and the harm caused was severe. The
offences were serious because they involved a one-sided assault against five
victims for a period of four minutes in a public area. With regard to the
assault against V1, the assault was especially serious, with V1 being on the
receiving end of punches and kicks even after he was kneeling on the ground in
what appeared to be a plea for mercy which fell on deaf ears. Furthermore, the
appellant had committed the offences while being subject to a PSO for his
involvement in secret society activities. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ROA at p 13, para 12.

The harm caused was undoubtedly severe given that the victims suffered several
injuries including, but not limited to, a “black eye”, temporary loss of
sight, a scratched cornea and a fractured tooth. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ROA at p 13, para 10.

51 In the round, I was persuaded by the Prosecution’s case that any potential
for rehabilitation would be trumped by the need for deterrence. The
seriousness of the offences and harm caused would warrant the same outcome as
in the case of GCO v Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR 1402 (“GCO”) where I had
held that the offender’s potential for rehabilitation was eclipsed by
deterrence given the serious nature of the offence of outrage of modesty. This
conclusion was warranted despite the offender “be[ing] said to” have an
“extremely strong propensity for reform” (GCO at [42]) because he had complied
with his counselling and psychiatric treatment schedules, had strong family
support from his family and his girlfriend and was untraced prior to the
commission of the offence.

52 For the reasons above, I found that the appellant was not suitable for
probation. I accordingly affirmed the DJ’s decision to decline to call for a
PSR.

Issue 2: Whether the sentences imposed by the DJ were manifestly excessive

53 In assessing whether the DJ’s sentences were manifestly excessive, it would
first be necessary to consider the applicable sentencing framework for s 323
offences following the amendments to s 323 of the PC on 1 January 2020. The
relevance of this question arises from the fact that the Low Song Chye
framework had been laid down before the amendments to s 323 of the PC on 1
January 2020, which increased the maximum imprisonment term for such an
offence from two to three years.

54 Accordingly, there are two sub-issues which must be addressed. First, what
is the applicable framework in relation to s 323 offences? Second, did the DJ
err in the consideration of the appropriate sentencing factors to arrive at a
sentence that was manifestly excessive?

The revised sentencing framework for s 323 offences

55 In calibrating the sentence to be imposed, the DJ adopted the Prosecution’s
proposed modified framework based on the Low Song Chye framework, which
applies to first-time offenders who plead guilty to an offence under s 323 of
the PC.

56 Under the Low Song Chye framework, a two-stage inquiry is applicable as
follows (Low Song Chye at [78]):

(a) At the first stage, the court should identify the sentencing band and
where the particular case falls within the applicable indicative sentencing
range by considering the hurt caused by the offence. This would allow the
court to derive the appropriate indicative starting point.

(b) At the second stage, the court should make the necessary adjustments to
the indicative starting point sentence based on its assessment of the
offender’s culpability as well as all other relevant factors. This may take
the eventual sentence out of the applicable indicative sentencing range. The
aggravating and mitigating factors identified in Public Prosecutor v BDB
[2018] 1 SLR 127 (“BDB”) at [62] to [70] and [71] to [75], respectively are
relevant at this step.

57 The modified Low Song Chye framework entailed a directly proportional
increase to the existing sentencing bands by a factor of 1.5 times. This
corresponds to the increase in the maximum permissible imprisonment term from
two years’ to three years’ imprisonment following the amendments to s 323 of
the PC.

58 The following table sets out the existing and modified Low Song Chye
sentencing bands as adopted by the DJ below (GD at [14]):

Band| Hurt caused| Sentencing range under the existing Low Song Chye
framework: For offences committed before 1 Jan 2020| Proposed sentencing range
under the modified Low Song Chye framework: For offences committed after 1 Jan
2020  
---|---|---|---  
1| Low harm: no visible injury or minor hurt such as bruises, scratches, minor
lacerations or abrasions| Fines or custodial term up to 4 weeks’ imprisonment|
Fines or custodial term up to 6 weeks’ imprisonment  
2| Moderate harm: hurt resulting in short hospitalisation or a substantial
period of medical leave, simple fractures, or temporary or mild loss of a
sensory function| Between 4 weeks’ and 6 months’ imprisonment| Between 6
weeks’ and 9 months’ imprisonment  
3| Serious harm: serious injuries which are permanent in nature and/or which
necessitate significant surgical procedures| Between 6 months and 24 months’
imprisonment| Between 9 months and 36 months’ imprisonment  
  
59 The Prosecution submitted that the DJ’s approach in applying the modified
Low Song Chye framework was correct. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

WSR at para 94.

Furthermore, this approach had been consistently applied by the District
Judges in the State Courts.

60 I agreed with the DJ’s approach of extrapolating the indicative
imprisonment term in each band by 1.5 times in a proportionate and linear
fashion. As the DJ observed, increasing the ranges of the various sentencing
bands would allow the court to utilise the full spectrum of the punishment
prescribed by law. At the same time it would allow the court to consider the
full extent of any aggravating and mitigating factors that may be present. The
elements of the primary offence and the relevant sentencing considerations
remain unchanged. All that had changed through the s 323 PC amendments was the
enhancement of the maximum permissible punishment, and scaling the sentencing
bands upwards accordingly would reflect Parliament’s intent to enlarge the
sentencing range. As the Prosecution pointed out, the same approach was
endorsed by the High Court in Haleem Bathusa bin Abdul Rahim v Public
Prosecutor [2023] SGHC 41 at [44]. This was also the approach taken in the
State Courts in cases such as Public Prosecutor v Fei Yi [2022] SGDC 81 at
[76]. In any event, while the appellant sought to dissuade the court below
from adopting the modified framework based on the “mere arithmetic approach”,
he did not appear to have disputed the application of the modified framework
on appeal. Accordingly, I found that the DJ did not err in his application of
the modified Low Song Chye framework.

61 In laying down the sentencing framework in Low Song Chye, I observed (at
[77]) that a considerable number of s 323 cases were uncontested and thus
devised the framework therein on the basis that it applied to first-time
offenders who pleaded guilty. Pertinently, I had stated (at [78]) that
“[a]ppropriate calibrations can be made in situations where offenders have
claimed trial.” This would necessarily entail consideration of appropriate
uplifts in the sentences for offenders who are convicted after trial.
Notwithstanding my prior observations, I was of the view that it would be
timely and helpful to specify a revised sentencing framework, while still
based on the existing Low Song Chye framework, which applies to offenders who
have claimed trial. This framework applies to all offences committed after 1
January 2020 in place of the modified Low Song Chye framework adopted by the
DJ below, which was based on first-time offenders who pleaded guilty. I
elaborate on my reasons for doing so below.

62 From a survey of the reported lower court decisions since 2020, it became
apparent that there were various instances where the existing Low Song Chye
framework had potentially been misapplied. The lower courts had, at times,
apparently overlooked the fact that the existing framework applied
specifically to first-time offenders who had pleaded guilty. In some cases,
the framework was applied to cases involving an offender claiming trial
without any express consideration of a potential uplift to the sentence on
account of this fact (see eg, Public Prosecutor v Bibianna Lim Poh Suan [2020]
SGMC 14; Public Prosecutor v Leo Mona [2020] SGDC 135; Public Prosecutor v Ng
Koon Poh [2022] SGMC 50). There were also cases where double weight appeared
to have been given to an offender’s guilty plea through the application of the
sentencing ranges in the Low Song Chye framework (which already accounts for
an offender’s guilty plea) and allowing a further discount for the offender’s
guilty plea (see eg, Public Prosecutor v Muhamad Naqiuddin Khan Bin Jhangir
Khan and others [2021] SGDC 269; Public Prosecutor v Ainon binte Mohamed Ali
[2020] SGMC 7). In the interests of greater clarity and consistency in
sentencing, and to reduce the risks of future potential misapplication of the
sentencing framework, I was of the view that it would be helpful to set out a
revised sentencing framework based on offenders claiming trial.

63 I set out below the revised indicative sentencing ranges for offenders
claiming trial to VCH offences committed after 1 January 2020. This is found
in the rightmost column of the table below, where the sentencing ranges under
the existing Low Song Chye and modified Low Song Chye frameworks have also
been reproduced for ease of comparison.

Band| Hurt caused| Sentencing range under the existing Low Song Chye framework
(first offenders pleading guilty): For offences committed before 1 Jan 2020|
Sentencing range under the modified Low Song Chye framework (first offenders
pleading guilty): For offences committed after 1 Jan 2020| Revised sentencing
range for first-time offenders claiming trial (offenders claiming trial):For
offences committed after 1 Jan 2020  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Low harm: no visible injury or minor hurt such as bruises, scratches, minor
lacerations or abrasions| Fines or custodial term up to 4 weeks’ imprisonment|
Fines or custodial term up to 6 weeks’ imprisonment| Fines or custodial term
up to 8 weeks’ imprisonment  
2| Moderate harm: hurt resulting in short hospitalisation or a substantial
period of medical leave, simple fractures, or temporary or mild loss of a
sensory function| Between 4 weeks’ and 6 months’ imprisonment| Between 6
weeks’ and 9 months’ imprisonment| Between 8 weeks’ and 12 months’
imprisonment  
3| Serious harm: serious injuries which are permanent in nature and/or which
necessitate significant surgical procedures| Between 6 months and 24 months’
imprisonment| Between 9 months and 36 months’ imprisonment| Between 12 months’
and 36 months’ imprisonment  
  
64 I was mindful that in practice, a discount of up to one-third of the
sentence may be given for plead guilty cases (see Chia Kim Heng Frederick v
Public Prosecutor [1992] 1 SLR 361 at [20]). However, there is no general rule
that pleading guilty automatically entitles an offender to a fixed discount of
one-third off his sentence. As noted by Menon CJ in Wong Tian Jun De Beers at
[41], sentencing is ultimately to be assessed by reference to all the facts
and circumstances. The revised indicative sentencing ranges merely set out the
range of suggested sentences and a sentencing court remains free to calibrate
the appropriate sentence.

65 For avoidance of doubt, the revised sentencing framework entails only the
broadening of the indicative sentencing ranges based on offenders claiming
trial. The relevant sentencing factors remain unchanged. As I had earlier
found in Low Song Chye (at [78(b)]), the sentencing factors identified in BDB
remain applicable at the second stage of the framework.

66 To recapitulate, the relevant aggravating factors include (BDB at [62]):

(a) the extent of deliberation or premeditation;

(b) the manner and duration of the attack;

(c) the victim’s vulnerability;

(d) the use of any weapon;

(e) whether the attack was undertaken by a group;

(f) any relevant antecedents on the offender’s part; and

(g) any prior intervention by the authorities.

67 The relevant mitigating factors include (BDB at [71]):

(a) the offender’s mental condition;

(b) the offender’s genuine remorse; and

(c) the offender’s personal financial or social problems.

Did the DJ err in the consideration of the appropriate sentencing factors?

68 Preliminarily, I would make some observations regarding the scope of the
appellant’s submissions on appeal in relation to the issue of whether the
sentence imposed was manifestly excessive. In the Petition of Appeal, the
appellant maintained that the DJ’s sentence was manifestly excessive. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

ROA at p 25: “The Learned District Judge erred in meting out sentences that
were manifestly excessive”.

However, the appellant did not expressly make clear how his arguments would go
towards showing that this was the case, as the written submissions appeared to
focus exclusively on the grant of probation. It was perhaps due to this
ambiguity in the appellant’s submissions that the Prosecution noted that “the
appellant [has] not challeng[ed] the DJ’s calibration of the imprisonment
terms”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

WSR at para 93.

In this regard, I noted that the appellant had placed the core of its
arguments under the header entitled “The Mitigating Factors”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

WSA at p 10.

This appeared to go towards the contention that the DJ’s sentence was
manifestly excessive, in addition to the arguments relating to the DJ’s
purported error in failing to call for a PSR. Notwithstanding this ambiguity,
I proceeded to consider whether the DJ’s sentence was manifestly excessive
having regard to the mitigating factors highlighted by the appellant.

69 In applying the modified Low Song Chye framework, the DJ assessed at the
first stage that the indicative starting sentence for the charges involving V1
and V2 ought to be seven weeks’ and one week’s imprisonment respectively,
based on the harm caused to each victim. The appellant’s arguments did not
appear to dispute the correctness of the DJ’s assessment in this regard.

70 At the second stage of the framework, the DJ adjusted the indicative
starting sentence based on the relevant factors present.

71 In relation to the charge involving V1, the DJ considered that the
following culpability-increasing factors justified an uplift of four weeks’
imprisonment. First, even if it was accepted that V1 had uttered vulgarities
at the appellant, there was no excuse for the appellant’s actions. It was very
clear that it was the appellant who had initiated the assault. He not only
punched V1, but also kicked him. Second, the manner of the assault was also
brutal. V1 was continuously assaulted for about four minutes. At no time did
V1 retaliate. In fact, the appellant continued his assault even after V1 had
fallen to the floor. It was indeed fortuitous that V1 was not more seriously
hurt. Third, four other individuals, Richard, Glenn, Min Da and V2, had
attempted to stop the appellant from assaulting V1, but to no avail. Instead,
the appellant had threatened and hurt them. Fourth, the appellant also faced
three TIC charges of a similar nature to the two proceeded charges, namely
causing hurt to Richard, Glenn and Min Da.

72 As against V2, the DJ rightly took into account the fact that V2 was hurt
only because he was trying to stop the appellant from assaulting V1 and gave a
“marginal uplift” of four days’ imprisonment.

73 The appellant did not dispute the correctness of the DJ’s assessment above.
Rather, he took issue with the DJ’s evaluation of the mitigating factors. To
my understanding, there were two key planks to the appellant’s submissions in
this regard. First, the appellant contended that the DJ erred in failing to
give due weight to the appellant’s plea of guilt and genuine remorse. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

WSA at paras 24–51.

Second, the DJ erred in failing to give due weight to the appellant’s IED,
which was a major contributor to the offence. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

WSA at paras 52–68.

74 In my view, the mitigating factors above had been considered by the DJ. As
the Prosecution pointed out, “[t]he DJ also made sure to consider the
mitigating factors present and took into account the appellant’s (purported)
IED, plea of guilt and various testimonials”. This is borne out from the GD at
[69]:

69 Amongst the mitigating factors I took into account are as follows:

(a) Mental illness. As I have alluded to earlier in these grounds, whilst the
accused could be said to be suffering from IED, I have much doubt as how much
it contributed to the offence as the presence of alcohol, in my view, also
contributed towards the commission of the offence;

(b) Plea of guilt. Also as alluded to earlier in these grounds, I have some
doubts as to whether the accused’s plea of guilty in this case demonstrated
his genuine remorse. In any event, the sentencing bands under the Low Song
Chye framework reflect the various sentencing bands where an offender has
pleaded guilty. However, I had took this factor into account after determining
the indicative sentence after the uplift on account of the enhanced
punishment;

(c) Other mitigating factors. I have considered the various testimonials that
have been annexed to the plea in mitigation, including the fact that the
accused has since taken up boxing competitively and has done well enough to be
selected into the Singapore National Team.

[emphasis in original]

75 However, I was of the view that the DJ had given excessive weight to the
three mitigating factors of the appellant’s IED, plea of guilt and
testimonials. In my view, there were no substantial mitigating factors in the
present case.

76 First, little weight should have been placed on Dr Rajesh’s IED diagnosis
in the WCMR given that the DJ had accepted that alcohol consumption had
contributed equally towards the commission of the offence. Without going as
far as the DJ did to conclude that the contributory weight was equal, I was
nonetheless satisfied (see above at [38]) that the appellant’s alcohol
consumption bore a strong contributory link to the offence.

77 Second, any mitigating weight for the appellant’s plea of guilt was low and
was in any event already subsumed within the existing and modified Low Song
Chye framework, which was meant for plead guilty cases. It appeared that while
the DJ doubted the genuineness of the appellant’s remorse, he had nonetheless
given him the benefit of doubt in adjusting the sentence and factoring in a
further discount on this basis. The appellant’s plea of guilt by itself and
his co-operation with the authorities were not strong mitigating factors. As I
had noted above at [25], this was not an early guilty plea from the initial
stages when the appellant’s case was mentioned in the court system. More
crucially, this was not a case where the Prosecution would have had any real
difficulty proving the charges and where the appellant’s eventual guilty plea
had saved time and resources. He may have co-operated with the police after
investigations had commenced. However, a conviction, whether after a plea of
guilt or trial, was near-inevitable. The appellant was caught red-handed on
extended CCTV footage which spoke loudly and clearly for itself. No plausible
defence could have been mounted to the charges to which he pleaded guilty.

78 Third, the appellant’s testimonials and sporting achievements did not carry
mitigating force in terms of reducing the appellant’s culpability for his
offence. I was mindful that an offender’s good character is most relevant
where rehabilitation is the main sentencing consideration and there is no
countervailing need for retribution, deterrence or prevention to feature in
sentence (see Tan Sai Tiang v Public Prosecutor [2000] 1 SLR(R) 33; Kow Keng
Siong, Sentencing Principles in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2019)
at para 21.008). However, deterrence remained the dominant sentencing
consideration here considering the serious nature of the offences. While
commendable, the appellant’s good character and subsequent progress after the
incident, as stated in his testimonials and sporting achievements, bore no
rational relationship to the offence here.

79 Finally, I make some observations on the appropriate sentencing uplift,
taking into account the appellant’s liability to enhanced punishment under s
35 of the CLTPA. The offence of VCH in the present case was a scheduled
offence under the Third Schedule to the CLTPA. Thus, the maximum imprisonment
term prescribed by law for an offence of VCH was doubled from three to six
years. The DJ considered the following uplifts to be appropriate in relation
to the two charges proceeded with against the appellant:

(a) VCH against V1: an uplift of four weeks to the sentence of 11 weeks’
imprisonment derived from the modified Low Song Chye framework was
appropriate. This represented an uplift of roughly 36% in percentage terms.

(b) VCH against V2: an uplift of four days to the sentence of 11 days’
imprisonment derived from the modified Low Song Chye framework. As with the
first charge, this represented a similar uplift in percentage terms of 36%.

80 The DJ appeared to have declined to follow the Prosecution’s suggestion of
an uplift of one month (or roughly 25% in percentage) in relation to the VCH
charge against V1 on the basis of the Prosecution’s indicative sentence of
four to five months under the modified Low Song Chye framework. It suffices
for me to state that a mere 25% uplift in sentence as proposed by the
Prosecution would have been inadequate in giving effect to the legislative
intent in providing for the doubling of the maximum sentence in s 35 CLTPA.
That being said, I was also conscious that the DJ’s indicative starting point
of 11 weeks’ imprisonment was already below the Prosecution’s proposed
starting point of four to five months’ imprisonment.

81 Nevertheless, as the Prosecution did not file an appeal against the
sentences, I merely set out my observations above obiter. I declined to
interfere with the sentences imposed by the DJ even though they were lower
than warranted.

Conclusion

82 For the reasons above, the appeal was without merit and was accordingly
dismissed.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Kalidass Murugaiyan and Ashvin Hariharan (Kalidass Law Corporation) for the
appellant;

Nicholas Khoo and Andrew Chia (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Jul 2023 (11:56 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

