Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 161

Originating Application No 331 of 2023

In the matter of Section 29A of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Order 18 Rule 19(2) of the Rules of Court 2021  
---  
  
And

In the matter of DC/OC 369/2022  
---  
  
Between

Housing & Development Board  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Cenobia Majella Chettiar  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Appeals — Leave — Whether District Court as the appellate
court may consider new pleadings that were not before the Registrar]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Housing & Development Board

  

v

  

Cenobia Majella Chettiar

[2023] SGHC 161

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 331 of 2023  
Goh Yihan JC  
11 May 2023

1 June 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 This is the Housing & Development Board’s (“the applicant”) application,
made pursuant to s 21(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev
Ed) (“SCJA”) and O 18 r 19(2) of the Rules of Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”), for
permission to appeal against the decision of the learned Principal District
Judge (“PDJ”) in DC/RA 5/2023 (“RA 5”). RA 5 was the applicant’s appeal
against the decision of the learned Deputy Registrar (“DR”) in DC/SUM
2916/2022 (“SUM 2916”). In SUM 2916, the DR had granted the respondent
unconditional permission to defend against some aspects of the applicant’s
claim. More broadly, both RA 5 and SUM 2916 were interlocutory actions that
the applicant had taken out in the main action, DC/OC 369/2022 (“OC 369”). The
respondent in this application is Ms Cenobia Majella Chettiar (“the
respondent”).

2 The main issue in the present case is whether the PDJ erred in RA 5 by
referring to documents that had not been filed before the DR in SUM 2916. In
essence, the applicant says that the PDJ erred by considering the respondent’s
Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) (“Amended DCC”). This is because, so
the applicant argues, O 18 r 16(4) of the ROC 2021 expressly states that an
appeal to a District Judge against the decision of the Registrar must proceed
“by way of a rehearing on the documents filed by the parties before the
Registrar” [emphasis added]. Since the Amended DCC was filed after the DR
heard SUM 2916, the applicant submits that it was not a document that the PDJ
should have considered in RA 5.

3 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I dismiss the applicant’s
application for permission to appeal. For reasons that I will explain below, I
do not think that the applicant has shown that there is a prima facie case of
error in the PDJ’s decision. Furthermore, I do not think that this case raises
a question of general principle to be decided for the first time. Finally, I
also do not think that this case raises a question of importance upon which
further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the public
advantage.

Background facts

4 By way of background, OC 369 arose from a guarantee that the respondent had
signed (“the Guarantee”). The Guarantee relates to a tenancy agreement that
the applicant and Stansfield College Pte Ltd entered into in relation to a
property (“the Property”). In essence, the applicant claims two primary sums
from the respondent as a guarantor, namely, (a) $27,000, being the rental
arrears from November 2018 to January 2019; and (b) $84,000, being double rent
from 1 February 2019 to 20 June 2019 (“the Double Rent”). The respondent filed
her Defence in OC 369 on 24 August 2022. The applicant then filed an
application for summary judgment via SUM 2916 on 14 September 2022.

5 The DR heard the parties in relation to SUM 2916 on 10 January 2023. He gave
his decision on the same day, granting summary judgment for the sum of
$29,208.75 in favour of the applicant. For all of the other aspects of the
applicant’s claim, including that which related to the Double Rent, the DR
granted the respondent unconditional permission to defend. The issue in
relation to the Double Rent was whether the respondent had returned vacant
possession of the Property by 31 January 2019, which would be a defence
against the applicant’s claim for the Double Rent. On this point, the DR held
that the respondent had adduced evidence that she had arranged for the keys to
the Property to be returned to the applicant by 31 January 2019. In the DR’s
view, this meant that the respondent had established a bona fide defence.

6 But more significantly, the DR held that even if he were mistaken on this
point, he was not convinced that the applicant was entitled to summary
judgment for his claim for the Double Rent. This is because there was evidence
that the applicant had rejected the respondent’s attempt to return the keys a
day earlier on 30 January 2019, on the basis that the respondent did not
provide a proper company’s resolution to authorise the courier to return the
keys. As such, the DR allowed the respondent to amend her Defence to include
the “prevention principle” based on the above facts. The upshot of this
principle, as explained in the Appellate Division of the High Court
(“Appellate Division”) decision of Ng Koon Yee Mickey v Mah Sau Cheong [2022]
2 SLR 1296 at [80], was that the applicant could no longer insist on its
contractual right to the Double Rent when it had prevented the respondent from
returning the keys.

7 After the DR’s decision on 10 January 2023, the applicant filed a Notice of
Appeal in RA 5 on 18 January 2023 against the DR’s decision to grant the
respondent unconditional permission to defend. The respondent filed her
Amended DCC on 20 January 2023. The PDJ heard the parties in relation to RA 5
on 17 February 2023 and dismissed the applicant’s appeal. After the PDJ
indicated on 1 March 2023 that he did not require further arguments from the
applicant in relation to RA 5, the applicant filed its application to the PDJ
on 2 March 2023 seeking permission to appeal against his decision in RA 5. The
PDJ dismissed this application on 20 March 2023. The applicant has therefore
filed the present application to seek permission to appeal against the PDJ’s
decision in RA 5.

The parties’ positions

The applicant’s arguments

8 In the present application, the applicant seeks permission to appeal on the
primary ground that it can establish a prima facie case of error in RA 5 as
the PDJ relied on the Amended DCC in reaching his decision. According to the
applicant, as the Amended DCC was filed by the respondent only after the
conclusion of SUM 2916, it would not have been before the DR when he heard SUM
2916. As such, the applicant contends that O 18 r 16(4) of the ROC 2021
prevented the PDJ from considering the Amended DCC in these circumstances. He
therefore erred by considering the Amended DCC. For completeness, O 18 r 16(4)
provides as follows:

Documents to be filed (O. 18, r. 16)

…

(4) The appeal must proceed before the District Judge by way of a rehearing on
the documents filed by the parties before the Registrar.

9 The applicant also contends that the PDJ erred in finding that SUM 2916
would have had the same outcome if the DR had heard the respondent’s
application to amend her Defence before rendering a decision. In essence, the
applicant says that the DR granted the respondent unconditional permission to
defend on the basis of a defence that had not yet been pleaded and which was
ultimately not pleaded. This, the applicant argues, is contrary to the Court
of Appeal decision of Olivine Capital Pte Ltd and another v Chia Chin Yan and
another matter [2014] 2 SLR 1371 (“Olivine Capital”), where it was held that a
defendant cannot rely on a fresh defence that had not been pleaded in its
defence to resist summary judgment, unless: (a) the defence is amended; or (b)
the case is an exceptional one, ie, where the court concerned is of the view
that there are good reasons to permit reliance on such a fresh defence (at
[42]–[43]). Furthermore, in as much as the PDJ found that the general rule in
Olivine Capital did not apply as this was an “exceptional case”, the applicant
argues that the PDJ erred in taking that view.

10 Relatedly, the applicant also argues that the PDJ erred in concluding that
any procedural irregularity caused by allowing the respondent to rely on a
fresh defence that had not been pleaded should not prejudice the respondent.
The PDJ justified this conclusion on the basis that the respondent merely
complied with the DR’s directions that she could file the Amended DCC after
the summary judgment proceedings in SUM 2916. The applicant challenges this
basis by arguing that the respondent did not in fact comply with the DR’s
directions in filing the Amended DCC. In this regard, the DR had directed the
respondent to “amend her pleadings to rely on the prevention principle”, which
related to the events of 30 January 2019 when the applicant refused to accept
the keys that the respondent tried to return. The applicant argues that the
Amended DCC did not contain this specific amendment that the DR had allowed,
but instead incorrectly pleaded the “prevention principle” with reference to
the applicant allegedly refusing “to take over possession of the [Property]
after the main door key was mailed with [the] certificate of posting”. This
was a separate incident occurring the following day on 31 January 2019 and
which did not engage the prevention principle.

11 The applicant also seeks permission to appeal on the secondary grounds that
there is a question of general principle to be decided for the first time and
that this question is of public importance. This is because, as the applicant
argues, the wording of O 18 r 16(4) of the ROC 2021 is new. It would therefore
be beneficial to understand why this language was introduced in the ROC 2021
to limit appeals to documents filed before the court below. In a related vein,
the applicant also contends that this question concerning the documents that a
District Judge should consider on appeal is a question of importance upon
which a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the public advantage.

The respondent’s arguments

12 While the respondent did not file and serve written submissions for this
application, she nevertheless attended the hearing before me and made oral
submissions. Preliminarily, I clarified with her that the purpose of this
application is not to determine the questions of: (a) whether the DR ought to
have granted summary judgment in SUM 2916; (b) when the applicant received the
keys to the Property; or (c) on whom the burden of proof lay in showing that
the applicant received such keys by 31 January 2019.

13 With this in mind, and for the purposes of this specific application, the
respondent first denies that she only requested permission to amend her
Defence after the DR had invited her to do so. In support of this, she points
to her first affidavit dated 17 October 2022 in SUM 2916, which she says was
where she requested for directions from the court and for permission to amend
her Defence. She argues that it was on the basis of this affidavit that the DR
then granted her permission in SUM 2916. Second, the respondent also argues
that the applicant has not shown that the PDJ made his decision on the basis
of the Amended DCC.

My decision: the application is dismissed

14 Having considered the parties’ arguments, and for the reasons that I will
explain, I dismiss the applicant’s application.

The general law

15 I begin with the general law on permission to appeal. Section 21(1) of the
SCJA provides as follows:

Appeals from District and Magistrates’ Courts

21.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and any other written law, an
appeal lies to the General Division from a decision of a District Court or
Magistrate’s Court only with the permission of that District Court or
Magistrate’s Court or the General Division in the following cases:

(a) any case where the amount in dispute, or the value of the subject matter,
at the hearing before that District Court or Magistrate’s Court (excluding
interest and costs) does not exceed $60,000 or such other amount as may be
specified by an order made under subsection (3);

(b) any case specified in the Third Schedule.

16 It is clear that s 21(1)(b) of the SCJA applies in the present case as para
(a) of the Third Schedule to the SCJA lists the situation “where a District
Court … makes an order giving unconditional permission to defend any
proceedings”, which was essentially the PDJ’s decision in RA 5. As such, the
applicant will succeed in the present application if it can show a valid
ground for the granting of permission to appeal. In this regard, the Court of
Appeal has laid down the grounds for granting permission to appeal in Lee Kuan
Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another [1997] 2 SLR(R) 862 (“Lee Kuan Yew”) to
include: (a) a prima facie case of error; (b) a question of general principle
decided for the first time; or (c) a question of importance upon which further
argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the public advantage
(at [16]). The applicant relies on all three of these grounds, to which I will
now turn.

The applicant has not established a prima facie case of error

The specifically applicable law

17 In my view, the applicant has not established a prima facie case of error.
In Zhou Wenjing v Shun Heng Credit Pte Ltd [2022] SGHC 313 (“Zhou Wenjing”), I
made two points about this ground for granting permission to appeal. Those
points are that: (a) there must be an error of law (as opposed to an error of
fact) made by the court below; and (b) this error is sufficiently serious to
satisfy the requisite threshold that would justifying the granting of
permission to appeal (at [25], [31]–[32] and [36]–[37]).

18 To elaborate on these two points, I first said in Zhou Wenjing at [31] that
the binding position on the General Division of the High Court (“the General
Division”) should be derived from the Appellate Division’s approach in UD
Trading Group Holding Pte Ltd v TA Private Capital Security Agent Limited and
another [2022] SGHC(A) 3 (“UD Trading”). The Appellate Division held in UD
Trading at [33]–[34] that a “case of error” in the “prima facie case of error”
ground can only refer to an error of law. Since the Appellate Division has
“left open the question” of whether a prima facie case of error can include an
obvious error of fact (at [37]; see also the decision of the Appellate
Division of the High Court of Engine Holdings Asia Pte Ltd v JTrust Asia Pte
Ltd [2022] 1 SLR 370 at [10]), I think that until the Appellate Division (or
the Court of Appeal) revisits this issue, the current binding position on the
General Division as discerned from UD Trading at [21] is that a “case of
error” in the “prima facie case of error” ground in Lee Kuan Yew must be one
of law and not of fact.

19 Further, I also said in Zhou Wenjing at [37] that the standard applicable
to determine when an error of law amounts to a “prima facie case of error” for
this ground is informed by two conjunctive considerations. These are: (a)
whether the appeal is likely to succeed, which is a standard that goes beyond
merely an arguable case; and (b) broadly, whether there is a likelihood of
substantial injustice if permission were not granted (or a miscarriage of
justice: see the High Court decision of Anthony s/o Savarimiuthu v Soh Chuan
Tin [1989] 1 SLR(R) 588 at [2]). In my view, only when these two
considerations are met would an error of law amount to a “prima facie case of
error” so as to justify the granting of permission to appeal.

The PDJ did not make an error of law

20 Coming back to the present case, it is important to recognise that,
regardless of whether the DR made any error of law in SUM 2916, the question
at hand is whether the PDJ made any error of law in RA 5. In this regard,
while I do not need to decide this point conclusively, I can see the force in
the applicant’s argument that the DR ought not to have granted the respondent
unconditional permission to defend based on an unpleaded defence, even though
the DR then allowed the respondent to amend her Defence after unconditional
permission to defend was granted. This is because the applicant, as the
claimant in OC 369, should be able to decide whether to file an application
for summary judgment based on the respondent’s defences as pleaded, and not
based on a defence that had not been properly pleaded. As the Court of Appeal
in Olivine Capital recognised, to consider an unpleaded defence for the
purposes of a summary judgment application would take the claimant by surprise
(at [42]). This results in prejudice to the claimant, who might not have
chosen to incur costs in taking out the summary judgment application if it had
known of the unpleaded defence.

21 As I alluded to earlier (see [5]–[6] above), the respondent was given
unconditional permission to defend based on two unpleaded defences. The DR’s
decision to grant unconditional permission to defend was founded not only on
the “prevention principle” but also on the basis that the respondent raised an
arguable case that the keys had been received by the applicant. This much is
clear from the DR’s Notes of Evidence dated 10 January 2023 at paras 17 and
19:

17\. Be that as it may, given the certificate of posting, I am prepared to
accept that the Defendant has raised reasonable prospects that the keys were
delivered by post to HDB. Indeed, the Defendant also affirmed a further
affidavit on 7 December 2022 to exhibit a WhatsApp message from an employee of
a law firm in respect of the same.

…

19\. Even if I am mistaken on the above point, I was not convinced that HDB
was entitled [to] summary judgment for double rent on the evidence before me.
On 14 Feb 2019, the Claimant’s Hoi Ling Wong sent an email which made clear
that the Defendant had sought to return the keys on 30 January 2019, but it
was rejected. …

[emphasis added]

However, the respondent did not plead either defence in her original Defence.
While the respondent tried to explain at the hearing before me that she had
indicated in her affidavit for SUM 2916 that she “wish[ed] to include …
amendment of pleadings” in her Single Application Pending Trial, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Cenobia Majella Chettiar in DC/SUM 2916/2022 dated 17 October
2022 at para 4.

I agree with the applicant that such wording does not inform one as to exactly
what amendment she was seeking to make. More importantly, the respondent had
not made an application to amend her Defence before SUM 2916 was heard. As
such, I can understand the applicant’s dissatisfaction that the respondent was
given unconditional permission to defend based on not just one but two
unpleaded defences.

22 More broadly, while the respondent is a self-represented party, and the
Court of Appeal has said in BNP Paribas SA v Jacob Agam and another [2019] 1
SLR 83 at [103] that the courts may show greater indulgence to such a party,
this indulgence is not to be expected as a matter of entitlement. Indeed, in
considering the degree of indulgence to be shown, such as in relation to
compliance with procedural rules, a key consideration must be that “the
absence of legal representation on one side ought not to induce a court to
deprive the other side of one jot of its lawful entitlement” (see the High
Court of Australia decision of Nobarani v Mariconte (2018) 359 ALR 31 at
[47]). To be fair, the DR had based the two unpleaded defences, on which he
granted unconditional permission to defend, on the evidence contained in the
respondent’s affidavit. But even so, it may not have been entirely fair to the
applicant if the two defences were not pleaded beforehand. Rather, the DR
should have adjourned the matter for the respondent to amend her Defence
before ruling on the application for summary judgment, subject to any adverse
costs orders against the respondent for raising new defences only after a
summary judgment application was taken out.

23 However, by the time SUM 2916 went on appeal before the PDJ in RA 5, the
applicant would have had fair notice that the respondent was going to amend
her Defence to at least include the defences which were in the Amended DCC. In
my view, this is significant as it suggests that the aims of procedural
justice were met, which might have ultimately guided the PDJ’s decision.

24 Against this background, I turn now to the parties’ respective arguments.
Preliminarily, I consider the respondent’s contention at the hearing that the
PDJ did not even rely on the Amended DCC to begin with. However, it is clear
to me that the PDJ did rely on the Amended DCC in RA 5. This much is evidenced
in his oral judgment, where he said: “[a]fter carefully considered [sic]
Respondent’s Amended Defence, I am of the view that it encapsulates the
defences which led the DR to find that the Respondent had established a bona
fide defence” [emphasis added]. On this premise, I turn to the applicant’s
argument that the PDJ was wrong to refer to the Amended DCC because O 18 r
16(4) of the ROC 2021 provides that the PDJ could only refer to documents that
had been filed before the DR in SUM 2916, and the Amended DCC was not one of
those documents. I disagree with this argument for the following reasons.

25 First, it is important that O 18 r 16(4) is situated within a rule which
concerns “Documents to be filed”. The purpose of O 18 r 16 is thus to
prescribe the key steps by which an appeal is to proceed but is not meant to
constrain the District Court’s broad powers to consider other documents.
Indeed, even within the same rule, O 18 r 16(7) provides that “[n]o documents
other than what has been set out in this Rule may be filed unless the
appellate Court otherwise orders” [emphasis added]. This suggests that the
appellate court, which is the District Court in this case, must have the power
to consider further documents other than those that were filed before the
Registrar. While counsel for the applicant, Mr Twang Kern Zern (“Mr Twang”),
argued that the Amended DCC fell outside the scope of O 18 r 16(7) as it was
filed pursuant to the directions of the DR and not the PDJ in the appellate
court, I do not think that this means that the PDJ could not consider the
Amended DCC. Indeed, there is nothing to prevent the PDJ from granting
retrospective permission to include the Amended DCC as part of the documents
in the appeal. To conclude otherwise would suggest that the respondent should
have re-filed the same Amended DCC again for the purposes of the appeal before
the PDJ, which is in my view an unjustifiably rigid reading of this rule.
Accordingly, in light of O 18 r 16(7), I do not think that O 18 r 16(4) should
be read as to constrain the documents that the District Court can consider on
appeal from the Registrar.

26 Furthermore, the applicant’s argument ignores O 18 r 8 of the ROC 2021,
which provides generally for the “Powers of [the] appellate Court”. In this
regard, O 18 r 8(5) provides that the appellate court’s power to decide the
appeal is not restricted to the points raised on appeal. Similarly, O 18 r
8(6) provides that the appellate court can consider further evidence subject
to any written law. In essence, O 18 r 8 contemplates that the appellate
court, which is the District Court in RA 5, has a very broad latitude to
consider relevant documents that are needed to achieve the ends of justice.
Accordingly, I disagree with the applicant’s submission, which relies on a
single provision found in a rule about the process to lodge an appeal, that
the appellate court’s power to look at relevant documents is somehow
restricted.

27 More broadly, at least in respect of the PDJ’s decision in RA 5, I do not
think that the ROC 2021 should be construed in so restrictive a manner: it has
to be remembered that procedural rules, while important, should be interpreted
and applied in a manner that furthers the interest of substantive justice
whenever possible. Indeed, this is in keeping with the ROC 2021’s aim of
“giv[ing] judges sufficient flexibility to respond to the particular facts of
each case, and manage individual cases in the most efficient manner possible”
(see Ministry of Law, Report of the Civil Justice Review Committee (2018)
(Chairperson: Indranee Rajah SC) at para 36). As such, in the final analysis,
the interpretation and application of the ROC 2021 must be viewed through the
lens of the ultimate ideal of having “a fair and just procedure that leads to
a fair and just result”. This is “the very basis of what the courts do – and
ought to do” [emphasis in original] (see the High Court decision of United
Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng Huat Foundations Pte Ltd [2005] 2 SLR(R) 425 at [8]).

Even if the PDJ made an error of law, it does not rise to a level to justify
the granting of permission to appeal

28 Further, even assuming that the PDJ made an error of law, I find that the
error would not rise to the level of a “prima facie” standard that would
justify granting permission to appeal. As I have explained above at [19],
whether an error of law meets this standard depends on: (a) whether the appeal
is likely to succeed; and (b) whether there is a likelihood of substantial
injustice if permission were not granted.

29 Applying these factors to the present case, I first do not think that any
resulting appeal is likely to succeed. This is because even if the PDJ were
wrong to have considered the Amended DCC in RA 5, the simple solution on
appeal would be for the appellate court to consider the Amended DCC. There
does not appear to be anything in the ROC 2021 that prohibits the appellate
court (ie, the General Division) from taking the Amended DCC into account. In
fact, O 18 r 21(4) of the ROC 2021, which concerns an appeal from the District
Judge to the General Division (and which is the corresponding provision to O
18 r 16(4) that the applicant relies on), provides for the opposite. O 18 r
21(4) states as follows:

Documents to be filed (O. 18, r. 21)

…

(4) The appeal must proceed before the Judge sitting in the General Division
by way of a rehearing on the documents filed by the parties before the
District Judge or Magistrate.

Therefore, adopting the applicant’s own argument as premised on O 18 r 16(4),
O 18 r 21(4) provides that the appeal before the General Division, if
permission to appeal is granted, must proceed by way of a rehearing on the
documents “filed by the parties before the District Judge”. It is not disputed
that the Amended DCC was before the PDJ. As such, the General Division would
be able to consider the Amended DCC. If so, any resulting appeal, which is by
way of a rehearing on the documents, will likely fail because the respondent
would be able to rely on the Amended DCC as providing for a bona fide defence
against summary judgment.

30 Second, I am not convinced that there would be a likelihood of substantial
injustice to the applicant if permission to appeal were not granted. By now,
the applicant would have had fair notice of the defences in the Amended DCC.
In my view, these are not implausible defences for which there are no triable
issues. Thus, even if I find that there was some procedural irregularity and
that the General Division cannot consider the Amended DCC without a formal
amendment application, the result would be the same as that in SUM 2916. This
is because the General Division would, in all likelihood, following Olivine
Capital and O 3 r 2(2) of the ROC 2021, have formally allowed the defendant to
amend her Defence to reflect the “prevention principle”. In this regard, while
the Court of Appeal in Olivine Capital cautioned against relying on an
unpleaded defence in a summary judgment application, the court also readily
allowed the defendant there to amend the defence for the purposes of
considering the application because it would be a denial of justice to
disallow an amendment at such an early stage of proceedings (at [46]–[47]).
Similarly, in the present case, there can be little prejudice to the applicant
that cannot be compensated by costs for such an amendment to be allowed at
this stage of the proceedings. On the contrary, not allowing the respondent to
amend her Defence would be to prevent her from exploring all plausible
defences.

31 Finally, in so far as the applicant suggests that the respondent did not
correctly plead the “prevention principle” in relation to the events of 30
January 2019 in the Amended DCC, I disagree. While the Amended DCC is not
drafted in the clearest manner, I find that the respondent did plead the
“prevention principle” in relation to the events of 30 January 2019. This is
clear from the following sentences in the Amended DCC, which can be read as
linking the “prevention principle” to the events of 30 and 31 January 2019 (at
para 2):

Save that the Claimant’s Notice to Quit terminated the tenancy on 31 January
2019, Paragraph 2 is denied as the renewal was terminated lawfully when all
the keys to the premises were handed-to [sic] the Claimant’s Senior Commercial
Properties Manager, Ms. Wong Hoi Ling, on 31 January 2019 and in the
alternative, Defendant avers the application of the prevention principle as
the Claimant wrongfully refused to take over possession of the Tenanted
premises after the main door key was mailed with [the] certificate of posting.
Further and in the alternative, the Defendant avers that neither the deed nor
the Tenancy agreements entitled Mr. Wong Hoi Ling [sic], as employee of the
Claimant, to impose arbitrary or capricious terms not contractually agreed
upon in the tenancy or the deed by rejecting the keys to the premises and the
Claimant is put to strict proof of any arbitrary or implied terms not found in
the deed and Tenancy terms. …

Read plainly, the “prevention principle” which the respondent pleaded includes
not only the events of 31 January 2019, when the “main door key was mailed”,
but is also broad enough to encompass the events of 30 January 2019.
Therefore, I find that the respondent correctly pleaded the “prevention
principle” in relation to the events of 30 January 2019.

32 Ultimately, the applicant’s argument on O 18 r 16(4) of the ROC 2021
ignores the rationale behind the need to seek permission to appeal in certain
cases. That rationale is to avoid unnecessary appeals. This is why, as part of
the analysis on whether to grant permission to appeal, it is important to
consider whether the appeal is likely to succeed, and whether there would be
substantial injustice occasioned to the applicant. If these considerations are
answered in the negative, then the proposed appeal would be unnecessary, as is
the case here.

33 For these reasons, I conclude that the applicant has not shown a prima
facie case of error in the PDJ’s decision that would justify the granting of
permission to appeal. The applicant fails on this ground for permission to
appeal.

There is no question of general principle or of public importance

34 I further find that there is no question of general principle to be decided
for the first time, or of importance upon which further argument and a
decision of a higher tribunal would be to the public advantage. The only
question of law that is engaged in the present application relates to the
District Court’s power to consider documents, including pleadings, that were
not before the lower court. But as I have stated, it is clear that the
District Court has the power to do so (see [25]–[27] above). As such, the
questions raised in the present case turn very much on established principles.
Accordingly, the applicant also fails on these two grounds.

Conclusion

35 In conclusion, I do not think the PDJ made an error of law by considering
the Amended DCC in RA 5 and that, even if he did, that error does not rise to
a level to justify the granting of permission to appeal. Furthermore, I do not
think that this case raises a question of general principle to be decided for
the first time. Finally, I also do not think that this case raises a question
of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal
would be to the public advantage. I accordingly dismiss the applicant’s
application for permission to appeal against the PDJ’s decision in RA 5 to the
General Division.

36 Unless the parties are able to agree on the appropriate costs order, they
are to file brief submissions of not more than 5 pages within two weeks of
this decision.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Twang Kern Zern and Low Wei Wen Justin (Central Chambers Law Corporation) for
the applicant;  
The respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 01 Jun 2023 (11:54 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

