Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 164

Originating Claim No 416 of 2022 (Summons No 1161 of 2023 and Registrar’s
Appeals Nos 70 and 71 of 2023)

Between

Horizon Capital Fund  
---  
  
… Claimant

And

Ollech David  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Stay of proceedings]

[Civil Procedure — Summary judgment]

[Civil Procedure — Admission of new evidence on appeal]

[Conflict of laws — Choice of law — Whether presumption of similarity applies
in interlocutory proceedings that finally dispose of an action]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Horizon Capital Fund

  
v

  

Ollech David

[2023] SGHC 164

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 416 of 2022 (Summons
No 1161 of 2023 and Registrar’s Appeals Nos 70 and 71 of 2023)  
Goh Yihan JC  
16 May 2023

8 June 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 There are two appeals before me. First, HC/RA 71/2023 (“RA 71”) pertains to
Ollech David’s (“the defendant”) application for a stay of HC/OC 416/2022 (“OC
416”) (“the Stay Application”). Second, HC/RA 70/2023 (“RA 70”) relates to
Horizon Capital Fund’s (“the claimant”) application for summary judgment in
the same case (“the Summary Judgment Application”). The learned Assistant
Registrar Deborah Tang (“the AR”) dismissed the Stay Application and allowed
the Summary Judgment Application. In other words, the defendant failed in both
applications below. He now appeals against the AR’s decisions. In addition to
both appeals, the defendant also applies, via HC/SUM 1161/2023 (“SUM 1161”),
for permission to admit new evidence for the appeals.

2 Having taken some time to consider the matter after hearing the parties, I
dismiss the defendant’s application in SUM 1161. I also dismiss the
defendant’s appeals in RA 71 and RA 70. I explain the reasons for my decision
in this judgment.

Background facts

3 I turn first to the background facts. These facts are common to both RA 71
and RA 70, as well as SUM 1161.

The Facility Agreement and the Guarantee

4 The dispute between the parties started because of a Specific Credit
Facility which the claimant had granted to Lemarc Agromond Pte Ltd (“LAPL”)
pursuant to an agreement on 24 May 2022 (“the Facility Agreement”). The
Facility Agreement is governed by Swiss law. By the Facility Agreement, the
claimant extended a loan of US$1,500,000 (“the Facility Sum”) to enable LAPL
to repay a debt it owed to Yueyang Guansheng Investment Development Company
Limited. In particular, the Facility Agreement provided for interest at the
rate of 8.5% per annum on the Facility Sum. The Facility Sum plus interest
must be repaid by 31 July 2022.

5 The Facility Agreement also provided that the defendant, the defendant’s
father (“Daniel”), and one Mr William Rooz are to execute personal guarantees
securing LAPL’s indebtedness to the claimant under the Facility Agreement.
Thus, the defendant executed a guarantee in favour of the claimant on 24 May
2022 (“the Guarantee”). The terms of the Guarantee provided that the claimant
is entitled to an indemnity from the defendant for costs and expenses incurred
in various circumstances. Daniel also executed a guarantee in almost identical
terms as the Guarantee (“Daniel’s Guarantee”).

6 Pursuant to cl 1 of the Guarantee, the defendant guaranteed the payment of
any moneys for which LAPL may be liable to the claimant. This is, however,
limited to the aggregate of the principal sum of US$1,500,000 and such further
sums comprising interest at 8.5% per annum on the principal amount (“the
Guaranteed Sum”). The Guaranteed Sum was to be payable on the claimant’s
written demand.

The claimant commenced OC 416 against the defendant in Singapore

7 In the end, LAPL failed to repay the Facility Sum and interest by 31 July
2022. The claimant issued a written demand to the defendant for payment of the
Guarantee Sum on 18 August 2022 (“the First Demand”). The defendant did not
respond to the First Demand. The claimant instructed its solicitors to issue
another demand for the Guaranteed Sum on 7 October 2022 (“the Second Demand”).
The defendant also did not respond to the Second Demand.

8 On 24 November 2022, the claimant commenced OC 416 against the defendant in
Singapore on the basis that he failed, refused, or otherwise neglected to
repay the debt that has arisen under the Guarantee.

The 16 Dec Letter and the defendant’s assertion that his liability under the
Guarantee is discharged

9 The defendant filed his Defence in OC 416 on 19 December 2022. In it, he
relied on a letter that LAPL had sent to the claimant three days before on 16
December 2022 (“the 16 Dec Letter”) and alleged that his liability under the
Guarantee had been discharged. The 16 Dec Letter was written by one Mr Chow
Wai San (“Mr Chow”), who is a director of LAPL. In so far as it is relevant to
the present appeals, Mr Chow claimed to have been informed of the following
matters.

(a) The claimant and LAPL had entered into a Memorandum of Understanding dated
20 March 2020 (“the MOU”).

(b) Pursuant to the MOU, the claimant had agreed to provide LAPL with
financing for various commodities transactions and shall not unreasonably
withhold such financing for a period of five years. In this connection, para
1.1 of the MOU provides as follows: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Joint Bundle of Documents for HC/RA 70/2023, HC/RA 71/2023 and HC/SUM
1161/2023 (“JBOD”) Vol 1 at p 140.

1.1. In consideration for [LAPL] entering into the PACA, [the claimant] has
agreed to provide [LAPL] with certain financing for the purpose of financing
imports related to various commodities transactions, each transaction with a
tenor of up to a maximum period of One Hundred and Eighty (180) days and
subject to [the claimant’s] Sub-funds investment strategy(ies). [The claimant]
confirms that it shall not unreasonably withhold financing form [sic] [LAPL]
throughout the term of this arrangement. This arrangement shall continue for a
duration of 5 years and will be subject to reasonable satisfactory terms and
conditions for both Parties, which the Parties shall use their best endeavours
to reasonably negotiate.

(c) LAPL’s former directors and management had requested financing from the
claimant pursuant to the MOU on multiple occasions between September 2020 and
July 2022.

(d) The claimant breached para 1.1 of the MOU when it rejected these requests
for financing without using its best endeavours to reasonably negotiate with
LAPL’s former directors and management on the terms of such financing.

(e) The claimant is liable under the MOU to pay LAPL damages of US$2.25m per
year for each full year that the claimant fails to provide financing. In this
connection, para 1.2 of the MOU provides as follows: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

JBOD Vol 1 at p 140.

1.2. In the event that [the claimant] does not abide by its obligation
contained in Paragraph 1.1 of this MoU, [the claimant] agrees to pay [LAPL]
the sum of USD 2.25 Million Dollars per year for each full year that [the
claimant] does not provide financing to [LAPL] pursuant to Paragraph 1.1.

(f) As such, the claimant is liable to pay LAPL a sum of US$4.5m (“the Alleged
Claim”).

10 Significantly, the 16 Dec Letter then stated LAPL would be applying this
alleged right to damages to set off and fully discharge its debt to the
claimant under the Facility Agreement. On this basis, the defendant claimed
that his liability under the Guarantee has been discharged. Apart from this
defence, it is important that the defendant does not dispute that, if LAPL is
liable to the claimant for the Facility Sum plus interest, then the defendant
would be liable to the claimant as well for the Guaranteed Sum on the basis of
the Guarantee.

The Summary Judgment Application

11 On 16 January 2023, the claimant filed the Summary Judgment Application. In
opposition to the application, the defendant’s solicitors filed the
defendant’s affidavit in draft under their covering affidavit. In his draft
affidavit, the defendant relied on the same reason in the 16 Dec Letter to
show cause against the Summary Judgment Application, ie, that the claimant
allegedly breached paragraph 1.1 of the MOU by unreasonably withholding
financing to LAPL, thereby entitling LAPL to set off the sum it owed under the
Facility Agreement and discharging the Guaranteed Sum. To support his defence,
the defendant alleged one instance where the claimant had rejected a request
by LAPL on 18 November 2021 to finance a trade of Ukrainian corn.

Daniel commenced OC 55 against the claimant in Singapore

12 On 27 January 2023, Daniel commenced HC/OC 55/2023 (“OC 55”) against the
claimant. Daniel had done this instead of joining the defendant in OC 416
because Daniel enjoyed the benefit of an Indemnity Agreement dated 9 April
2019 (“the Indemnity Agreement”). By the Indemnity Agreement, LAPL is obliged
to bring proceedings against any third party asserting a claim against Daniel.
Since LAPL refused to bring an action against the claimant pursuant to the
Indemnity Agreement, Daniel commenced OC 55 against the claimant, and joined
LAPL as a defendant. Daniel had joined LAPL as a defendant because it is a
necessary party to show that the debt under the Facility Agreement had been
discharged. The defendant joined OC 55 as a claimant because both him and
Daniel gave similarly worded guarantees. As of the hearing of the present
appeals, the claimant has yet to be served with OC 55.

The Stay Application and the AR’s decision

13 After OC 55 was commenced, the defendant filed the Stay Application on 15
February 2023 seeking, among others, a stay of OC 416 until the determination
of OC 55. The Summary Judgment Application and the Stay Application were both
heard by the AR on 23 March 2023.

14 At the hearing of the Stay Application, the defendant changed his position
and requested that the court consolidate OC 416 and OC 55 instead if it was
not inclined to grant the stay of OC 416. The defendant further took the
position that if consolidation was granted as an alternative relief, then the
hearing of the Summary Judgment Application should not proceed on that day.

15 The AR dismissed the Stay Application and the alternative relief of
consolidation sought by the defendant. The AR then granted the Summary
Judgment Application in full after finding that the defendant’s defence was
bare, lacking in particulars, and unsubstantiated by evidence. The AR further
found that the 16 Dec Letter was insufficient to support the alleged defence
and was contradictory both internally and against external documents.

16 With the above background facts in mind, I turn to consider SUM 1161 before
turning to RA 71 and RA 70.

SUM 1161: Application to admit new evidence

The parties’ positions

17 I first consider SUM 1161, which is the defendant’s application to admit
evidence in his third affidavit consisting of: (a) various WhatsApp messages
(“the WhatsApp Messages”) between Daniel and one Mr Dimitri Rusca (“Mr
Rusca”), who is the Chief Executive Officer of SCCF Structured Commodity &
Corporate Finance SA (“SCCF”), which is in turn the claimant’s agent and
Facility Administrator; and (b) his explanation of the meaning and effect of
the WhatsApp Messages. While it appears that the new evidence is more relevant
to RA 70 (ie, the appeal in the Summary Judgment Application) as it concerns
the merits of the claimant’s claim, the application is made to admit the new
evidence for both RA 71 and RA 70. I accordingly deal with SUM 1161 at this
juncture.

18 As to why the new evidence should be admitted, the defendant says the
following. First, the WhatsApp Messages were not in his possession prior to
the hearing before the AR. This is because Daniel could not locate the
WhatsApp Messages prior to the hearing despite the defendant having asked for
them. Second, the new evidence is directly relevant to the determination of RA
70, as it squarely addresses the AR’s reasoning that the 16 Dec Letter is
insufficient and contradictory, both internally and as against external
documents. Third, the defendant has explained on affidavit that the WhatsApp
Messages have been given in their native format and hence should be regarded
as credible. Fourth, whether the WhatsApp Messages are material should be
fully investigated at trial, as opposed at this stage of the proceedings.

19 In response, the claimant first submits that the applicable test to
determine the admission of new evidence should be applied stringently given
that both the Stay Application and the Summary Judgment Application are more
similar to proceedings having the full characteristics of a trial. Second, the
new evidence could have been obtained with reasonable diligence. Third, the
new evidence is not material because the defendant’s primary defence in RA 70
is legally unsustainable and, in any case, the new evidence does not support
this defence. Fourth, the new evidence is not credible or reliable.

The applicable law

20 The applicable law is not in dispute. Under O 18 r 8(6) of the Rules of
Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”), it is provided that:

Powers of appellate Court (O. 18, r. 8)

8.—(6) Subject to any written law, the appellate Court has power to receive
further evidence, either by oral examination in court, by affidavit, by
deposition taken before an examiner, or in any other manner as the appellate
Court may allow, but no such further evidence (other than evidence relating to
matters occurring after the date of the decision appealed against) may be
given except on special grounds.

21 Although the term “special grounds” in O 18 r 8(6) is not defined either in
the ROC 2021 or the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed), the
courts have consistently interpreted the term to refer to the threefold
requirements set out in the seminal English Court of Appeal decision of Ladd v
Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“Ladd v Marshall”) (see, eg, the Court of Appeal
decisions of Toh Eng Lan v Foong Fook Yue and another appeal [1998] 3 SLR(R)
833 at [34], ARW v Comptroller of Income Tax and another and another appeal
[2019] 1 SLR 499 at [99], and Anan Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank
(Public Joint Stock Co) [2019] 2 SLR 341 (“Anan Group”) at [21]). In this
regard, the three requirements in Ladd v Marshall are:

(a) first, it must be shown that the evidence could not have been obtained
with reasonable diligence for use at the trial or hearing;

(b) second, the evidence must be such that, if given, it would probably have
an important influence on the result of the case, though it need not be
decisive; and

(c) third, the evidence must be such as is presumably to be believed, or in
other words, it must be apparently credible, though it need not be
incontrovertible.

These three requirements have often been referred to, respectively, as the
criteria of non-availability, relevance, and credibility.

22 I also observe, following the Court of Appeal’s comments in Anan Group at
[35], that the cases applying the Ladd v Marshall requirements should be
analysed as lying on a spectrum. On one end of the spectrum are appeals
against trials or hearings having the full characteristics of a trial, where
the requirements would apply with full rigour. On the other end, there are
appeals against decisions not touching upon the merits at all, such as
interlocutory applications, where the requirements, taken together, would
serve as a guideline which the court is entitled but not obliged to refer to
in the exercise of its unfettered discretion.

My decision: SUM 1161 is dismissed

23 Leaving aside the issue of whether the defendant could have obtained the
WhatsApp Messages earlier with reasonable diligence, I dismiss SUM 1161 on the
primary ground that the new evidence sought to be introduced is not relevant.
In other words, I do not think that the evidence would have an important
influence on the result of the appeal.

24 First, the WhatsApp Messages do not show that the claimant breached para
1.1 of the MOU by unreasonably withholding financing from LAPL, which is the
main plank of the defendant’s defence. Indeed, the WhatsApp Messages do not
show clearly that there was any withholding of financing to begin with. They
also do not evidence the defendant’s sole example of the alleged instance
where the claimant had unreasonably rejected a request by LAPL on 18 November
2021 to finance a trade of Ukrainian corn. This is because the contents of the
WhatsApp Messages end as of March 2021 and therefore do not evidence anything
about an event that allegedly occurred on 18 November 2021. Moreover, while
the 16 Dec Letter, which the defendant relies on, alleges that financing
requests were made between September 2020 and July 2022, there are also no
messages that cover the alleged financing requests for 2022.

25 More significantly, I find that the WhatsApp Messages do not contradict the
claimant’s account of the process by which financing requests from LAPL were
approved. The claimant’s case is that all financing requests from LAPL were
processed in accordance with a formal process and not through WhatsApp. The
WhatsApp Messages not only do not contradict this account but support it. For
example, in the messages dated 24 March 2020, Mr Rusca had advised Daniel to
“[j]ust send deals” to one “Sahil”, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

JBOD Vol 2 at p 56.

who was the claimant’s employee who handled LAPL’s financing requests.
Further, in Daniel’s message dated 1 April 2020 at 4.37pm, he also alluded to
a process where the claimant would “review the documents”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

JBOD Vol 2 at p 57.

Ultimately, this shows that the financing requests are not processed by
WhatsApp messages.

26 I also dismiss SUM 1161 on the secondary ground that the WhatsApp Messages
do not appear credible or reliable. For one, there are references to “emails”
from Sahil (see, eg, message on 1 April 2020 at 4.36pm). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

JBOD Vol 2 at p 57.

It seems odd that the defendant would choose to rely on the WhatsApp Messages
if there appears to be underlying emails to substantiate the discussion.
Moreover, the WhatsApp Messages are presented in the format of lines that
appear to have been typed out on a page. They are not presented in the form of
screenshots taken from Daniel’s mobile phone nor in a comprehensive and
continuous chat log. It is therefore not possible to conclude that these are
reproductions of WhatsApp messages that were actually exchanged between Daniel
and Mr Rusca. Moreover, the WhatsApp Messages are isolated examples of
conversations between Daniel and Mr Rusca. Many of the WhatsApp Messages are
cut off at inexplicable points. Indeed, there is no real context to them, and
they do not reveal what the parties discussed before and after the immediate
conversation. While counsel for the defendant, Mr Jordan Tan (“Mr Tan”),
explained during the hearing that the defendant had tried to be concise in the
messages tendered so as not to inundate the court with too many messages, the
fact remains that the messages that were selected must be thought to be
relevant. If the defendant nonetheless chose to advance incomplete messages,
then that must be the basis on which the court should assess their credibility
and reliability.

27 Having decided that SUM 1161 should be dismissed, I now consider RA 71 and
RA 70 without reference to the new evidence sought to be introduced by SUM
1161.

RA 71: Appeal in the Stay Application

28 For the reasons that follow, I dismiss the defendant’s appeal in RA 71
against the decision of the AR in the Stay Application below.

RA 71 should not be determined as an application for a consolidation but for a
stay

29 I begin with a preliminary point. At the hearing before me, the defendant
advanced the primary case that OC 416 and OC 55 should instead be consolidated
pursuant to O 9 r 11 of the ROC 2021. This departs from his prayer below for a
stay of OC 416, which he now relegates to a secondary prayer. The defendant
justifies this approach by reference to the AR’s comment below that her order
in relation to the Stay Application was to be “without prejudice to any
application for consolidation or for the actions to be tried together or one
immediately after another pursuant to O 9 r 11”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Certified Transcript of 23 March 2023 at p 14.

30 In so far as this is a correct characterisation of what the defendant is
seeking to do in RA 71, I disagree. While the AR did say that her order is
without prejudice to any subsequent application for consolidation, this appeal
is nevertheless in respect of a stay application. The defendant cannot slip in
a new consolidation application. This remains the case even if the grounds for
consolidation and stay are largely similar and premised on the grounds in O 9
r 11 of the ROC 2021. Indeed, it is clear that summons filed below for the
Stay Application had prayed specifically for a stay and not a consolidation.
Moreover, the affidavit that was filed below in support of the Stay
Application was expressly stated to be “in support of … application for a stay
of proceedings in OC 416 pending the outcome of [OC 55]”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ollech David’s 2nd Affidavit dated 30 March 2023 at para 4.

Accordingly, I will not decide this appeal on the basis that the defendant’s
application is for OC 416 and OC 55 to be consolidated. If the defendant
wishes for that outcome, he will need to take out a fresh application.

The parties’ positions

31 I now set out the parties’ respective positions in relation to the
defendant’s request for a stay. First, the defendant submits that he comes
within two of the grounds in O 9 r 11 because (a) there are common questions
of law that arise in both OC 416 and OC 55; and/or (b) the reliefs claimed in
both OC 416 and OC 55 arise out of the same factual situation. In relation to
ground (a), the defendant submits that the common question of law in both OC
416 and OC 55 is the issue of whether the defendant’s and Daniel’s liabilities
under their respective guarantees have been set off by the claimant’s
liability for damages flowing from the alleged breach of the MOU. In respect
of ground (b), the defendant similarly contends that the reliefs sought in
both actions arise out of the claimant’s alleged breach of the MOU and the
supposed set-off that would result from it, which will be relied upon in both
OC 416 and OC 55.

32 Second, on the basis that at least one of the grounds of O 9 r 11 is
satisfied, the defendant submits that an order for a stay in OC 416 will save
costs, time, and effort. He raises four reasons in that regard. First, the
defendant says that the issues in both actions are practically identical as
they involve guarantees with “practically the same terms” entered into in
respect of the Facility Agreement. Second, the defendant argues that the
parties in both actions are also similar. In particular, the defendant points
out that any decision in relation to the extinguishment of the debt between
LAPL and the claimant, who are both parties to OC 55, would have a direct
impact on the liabilities of Daniel and the defendant under their respective
guarantees. Therefore, any decision in OC 55 would also resolve the dispute in
OC 416. Third, given the substantial overlap, a stay of OC 416 would avoid the
risk of prejudging the merits of OC 55, as well as the risk of inconsistent
judgments. Fourth, as both OC 416 and OC 55 are at relatively early stages,
there would be no substantial delay to one action or the other if a stay were
granted.

33 In response, the claimant first submits that, as regards whether one or
more of the grounds of O 9 r 11 is satisfied, the overlap between OC 416 and
OC 55 that the defendant alleges is contrived. This is because OC 416 has no
connection to Daniel. Thus, the reliefs that Daniel is claiming under OC 55
have nothing to do with the defendant and, consequently, OC 416.

34 Further, the claimant submits that a stay of OC 416 will not save costs,
time, and effort. In a related vein, the claimant says that a stay of OC 416
is simply not necessary. This is because a stay is an alternative relief to be
granted only if other more convenient measures are not desirable or
appropriate given the circumstances. In this regard, the defendant has not
shown why the other measures are not desirable or appropriate. Also, the
claimant says that a stay of OC 416 will deny the claimant of its right to
fairly advance its claim. There is no telling when OC 55 will be determined,
and the claimant will be prejudiced by being shut out of its claim in OC 416
in the meantime. Finally, the claimant argues that the alleged risk of
inconsistent judgments is predicated on OC 416 and OC 55 continuing apace
because there is always the risk that OC 55 may be struck out.

The applicable law

35 I turn now to the applicable law. The starting point is O 9 r 11 of the ROC
2021, which states:

Consolidation, etc., of causes or matters (O. 9, r. 11)

11\. The Court may order 2 or more actions to be consolidated, or order them
to be tried together or one immediately after another, or order any of them to
be stayed pending the determination of the other action or actions, if the
Court is of the opinion that –

(a) there is some common question of law in the actions;

(b) the reliefs claimed in the actions concern or arise out of the same
factual situation; or

(c) it is appropriate to do so.

36 In this regard, the parties rely on the two-step framework laid down in the
High Court decision of Yeo Su Lan (alias Yang Shulan) v Hong Thomas and others
[2023] SGHC 44 (“Yeo Su Lan”) that sets out the applicable principles
governing this provision. In Yeo Su Lan, which concerned O 4 r 1(1) of the
Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”), I observed (at [17]) that O 4 r
1(1) is framed in substantively the same terms as O 9 r 11 of the ROC 2021. I
then said that there was no reason why the well-established principles in
relation to O 4 r 1(1) of the ROC 2014 should not, subject to the Ideals in O
3 r 1 of the ROC 2021, apply equally to O 9 r 11 of the ROC 2021. I take the
opportunity in the present case, which concerns O 9 r 11, to state
definitively that the well-established principles in relation to O 4 r 1(1) of
the ROC 2014 do indeed apply to O 9 r 11 of the ROC 2021.

37 Accordingly, I hold that the applicable framework to assess an application
for two or more actions to be consolidated, tried in a particular sequence, or
stayed pursuant to O 9 r 11 should proceed as follows:

(a) First, an applicant has to show that he or she satisfies one of the three
alternative grounds provided in O 9 r 11. While the grounds in O 9 r 11(a) and
O 9 r 11(b) are largely self-explanatory, it should be noted that the clause
in O 9 r 11(c) is a catch-all meant to cater for any other relevant ground.
However, in the spirit of a harmonious interpretation of O 9 r 11, the ground
advanced under O 9 r 11(c) must obviously be of a similar grain to the grounds
expressly provided for in O 9 r 11(a) and O 9 r 11(b).

(b) Second, even if an applicant can come within one of the three grounds in O
9 r 11, he or she would still need to convince the court that for the actions
to be consolidated, tried in a particular sequence, or stayed would satisfy
the purpose of O 9 r 11, which is principally “to save costs, time and effort
and for reasons of convenience” (see the High Court decision of Lee Kuan Yew v
Tang Liang Hong and another and other actions [1997] 2 SLR(R) 141 (“Lee Kuan
Yew”) at [4]). In particular, even if there is a common issue in the two
matters, it may still be inappropriate to exercise the powers conferred under
O 9 r 11 where there are distinctive differences between the matters in issue,
having regard to the different defences put forward (see the English Court of
Appeal decision of Daws v Daily Sketch & Daily Graphic Ltd and another [1960]
1 WLR 126 at 130).

38 In addition, I am also of the view that the second stage of the framework
should be subject to the Ideals in O 3 r 1 of the ROC 2021. As I had the
occasion to observe in the High Court decision of Dai Yi Ting v Chuang Fu Yuan
(Grabcycle (SG) Pte Ltd and another, third parties) [2022] SGHC 253 (at
[13]–[14]), these Ideals are “akin to constitutional principles by which the
parties and the Court are guided in conducting civil proceedings” and they are
“to be read conjunctively” (see Civil Justice Commission Report (29 December
2017) at p 6 (Chairperson: Justice Tay Yong Kwang) (“Civil Justice Commission
Report”)). In sum, these Ideals relate to the promotion of expeditious (O 3 r
1(2)(b)) and cost-effective proceedings (O 3 r 1(2)(c)) that are achieved by
the efficient use of court resources (O 3 r 1(2)(d)). They are all ultimately
tailored towards the achievement of fair and practical results (O 3 r
1(2)(e)), which ensures fair access to justice (O 3 r 1(2)(a)). In the context
of O 9 r 11, this emphasises the importance of the second stage of the
applicable framework, which relates to the saving of costs, time, and effort.
Additionally, as I will explain below, it is also important to consider
whether an application under O 9 r 11 is (a) necessary, (b) an abuse of
process to stifle the ordinary course of justice, and (c) prejudicial to the
respondent’s ability to advance his or her case fairly and expeditiously.

My decision: RA 71 is dismissed

39 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I dismiss RA 71. While I find
that there are some common questions of law in the actions and that the
reliefs claimed in the actions concern or arise out of the same factual
situation, I do not think that it is appropriate to exercise my discretion to
order a stay of OC 416 pending the determination of OC 55.

First stage of the applicable framework: the grounds in O 9 r 11 are met

40 Beginning with the first step of the applicable framework, I find that O 9
r 11(a) and O 9 r 11(b) of the ROC 2021 are on their face satisfied. As
regards O 9 r 11(a), I am of the view that the two actions broadly turn on the
questions of whether the respective guarantees in each action have been
satisfied and discharged as a result of the claimant’s alleged breach of the
MOU. The answers to these questions are in turn contingent on the common legal
issues of whether there was a breach of the MOU to begin with and, if so,
whether the damages that are allegedly due to LAPL as a result of this breach
can be set off against the sums that were due by Daniel and the defendant
under their respective guarantees. In respect of O 9 r 11(b), I find that the
common factual situation pleaded in both the Defence in OC 416 and the
Statement of Claim in OC 55 is that there was a MOU that LAPL and the claimant
entered into, and that this MOU was allegedly breached because the claimant
had unreasonably withheld financing to LAPL.

41 Notwithstanding my conclusion at the first step of this framework, I would
parenthetically observe that it is unsatisfactory for the defendant in this
case to now rely on its own conduct in bringing duplicative proceedings to
argue that the limbs in O 9 r 11(a) and O 9 r 11(b) are satisfied. In this
regard, the rules of civil procedure should not be used to delay the
determination of a dispute without good cause. This is especially if multiple
applications and/or proceedings are brought with the sole purpose of stymying
a good claim. In such cases, while there might be a technical adherence to the
conditions listed in O 9 r 11, a court may nevertheless have the power to find
that the conditions enlivening the court’s discretion under O 9 r 11 are not
satisfied if doing so would facilitate an abuse of process or some other
injustice. Indeed, this position finds support from O 3 r 2(1) of the ROC
2021, which provides that “all requirements in these Rules are subject to the
Court’s discretion to order otherwise in the interests of justice”. However, I
should qualify that I do not go so far as to say that the defendant’s conduct
in the present case warrants a finding that the present appeal in RA 71
amounts to an abuse of process. Accordingly, for the purposes of this
decision, I will proceed on the basis that the first step of the applicable
framework under O 9 r 11 is satisfied.

Second stage of the applicable framework: the defendant has not shown that a
stay will save costs, time, and effort

42 I go on to consider the second step of the applicable framework. At this
stage of the inquiry, I do not think that an order for a stay of OC 416 will
fulfil the purpose underlying O 9 r 11, which is principally “to save costs,
time and effort and for reasons of convenience”.

(1) There is no saving of costs, time, and effort

43 Primarily, it should be recalled that OC 416 is at a more advanced stage
than OC 55, which has not even been served on the claimant as of the hearing
of these appeals. More specifically, OC 416 is already at the post-pleadings
and summary judgment stage. Therefore, even if I were to agree with the
defendant that there is an overlap in questions of law and/or facts in both OC
416 and OC 55, then what would really result in a saving of costs, time, and
effort is to allow OC 416 to be determined before OC 55. By that approach,
time would be saved because OA 416, by virtue of already being at a more
advanced stage, would be determined earlier than OC 55. And if there were
truly overlaps in issues between the two actions, then the determination of
those issues would resolve the same in OC 55, leading to further savings of
costs, time, and effort. Yet, the defendant has not asked for OC 416 to be
tried before OC 55.

44 Instead, the defendant has asked for the very relief in O 9 r 11 that does
not achieve a saving of costs, time, and effort. This is curious because a
stay lengthens rather than shortens the resolution of the dispute between the
parties. Indeed, as the claimant rightly points out, if the defendant’s claim
in OC 55 is dismissed after trial, then OC 416 would continue from where the
parties last left it, which is at the post-pleadings and summary judgment
stage. The parties would then have to resume OC 416 and be put through two
sets of proceedings one after the other. The fact is that the defendant cannot
be certain that he will prevail in OC 55. If there is such an uncertainty in
the outcome of OC 55 – as there surely must be – then it is clear that a stay
of OC 416 is not the relief under O 9 r 11 that would lead to a saving of
costs, time, and effort.

45 Further, as I said above (at [38]), it is important, in the light of the
Ideals, to consider at the second stage of the applicable framework whether an
application under O 9 r 11 is (a) necessary, (b) an abuse of process to stifle
the ordinary course of justice, and (c) prejudicial to the respondent’s
ability to advance his or her case fairly and expeditiously. There is no need
to consider all of these factors but only those that are relevant in coming to
the appropriate decision.

(2) A stay is not necessary

46 Considering these factors, I am first of the view that a stay is not
necessary in the present case. In this regard, the claimant has suggested that
a court will only order a stay pursuant to O 9 r 11 if the only procedural
measures are not desirable or appropriate. In support of this contention, the
claimant cites Lee Kuan Yew at [5], which reads:

Where it is not desirable or appropriate to order a consolidation, a court may
order that the several actions be tried at the same time or one immediately
after the other, or it may order any one of them to be stayed until the
determination of the action chosen for determination ahead of the others.
Where it is not possible to consolidate several actions and in effect try them
as one, the next best alternative way ahead to try multiple actions is to
order that they be tried at the same time. …

47 I am unable to agree with the claimant that this passage shows that the
courts will only grant a stay as a last resort. Instead, the passage suggests
that the court in Lee Kuan Yew treated a stay to be at least at the same level
of desirability as trying several actions in a particular sequence. Be that as
it may, I agree with the claimant’s submission that the courts only order a
stay in limited circumstances.

(a) First, a stay is granted where there are numerous actions by multiple
claimants in relation to the same or similar factual matrix. In such a
situation, a court will grant a stay of other cases so that one case can serve
as a “test case” to set down a ruling of law or finding of fact that will
determine the outcome of the other cases (see, eg, the English High Court
decision of Amos v Chadwick (1877) 4 Ch D 869 (“Amos”) at 872).

(b) Second, a stay is granted where there are “special circumstances”, such as
where there is the possibility of contradictory decisions arising between
criminal disposal proceedings and civil proceedings (see, eg, the Malaysian
High Court decision of HSBC Bank (M) Bhd v Jejak Maju Resources Sdn Bhd & Ors
[2015] 10 MLJ 645 (“HSBC”) at [28]–[29]).

48 As such, if an applicant is unable to come within such circumstances, then
that would prima facie show that a stay is not necessary in the case at hand.
In the present case, OC 416 is not a “test case” like in Amos, nor does it
raise the possibility of contradictory decisions in concurrent criminal and
civil proceedings as in HSBC. Thus, in addition to the reasons I have already
explained, this is yet another reason why I consider that a stay is not
necessary here.

(3) A stay will prejudice the claimant’s ability to advance its case fairly
and expeditiously

49 Furthermore, I find that a stay of OC 416 will prejudice the claimant’s
ability to advance its case fairly and expeditiously. Thus, in the English
High Court decision of Secretary of State for Health v Servier Laboratories
Ltd [2014] EWHC 2720 (Ch) (“Servier”), the defendant was sued by the various
national health authorities in three separate actions in the English High
Court. Given the nature of the claimants, one action was termed the “English
proceedings”, another action the “Scottish/NI proceedings”, and the last
action the “Welsh proceedings”. The defendant applied to stay the Scottish/NI
proceedings on the ground that the defendant should not simultaneously have to
face multiple sets of proceedings based on the same underlying facts, with
three different legal teams each incurring their own costs and imposing costs
on the defendant and its legal representatives (at [17]). This is because, as
the learned judge below observed, there was an almost complete overlap between
the Scottish/NI proceedings and the English proceedings (at [12]).

50 The English High Court dismissed the defendant’s application for a stay of
the Scottish/NI proceedings. Instead, the court took the view at [30] that the
right way to deal with the problem of duplicative effort was by active case
management of the three actions as they proceeded in parallel. It observed
that a blanket stay would, in effect, turn the English proceedings into a test
case. In this regard, the court opined that it would be wrong to compel the
other claimants to “wait in the wings, probably for several years, until the
English proceedings have been finally resolved”.

51 In the present case, I agree with the claimant that, following Servier, the
practical effect of a stay of OC 461 is that the claimant will be precluded
from advancing its claim until OC 51 is resolved. In my view, this unfairly
prejudices the claimant because it is unclear when OC 51 will be disposed of.
As such, this, in combination with the other reasons, shows that the defendant
has not shown that a stay will advance the purposes behind O 9 r 11.

52 For all of these reasons, I dismiss the defendant’s appeal in RA 71.

RA 70: Appeal in the Summary Judgment Application

53 Having dealt with RA 71, I turn now to RA 70, which is the defendant’s
appeal against the AR’s decision to grant summary judgment to the claimant.

The parties’ positions

54 With the above background facts in mind, the claimant’s position is that it
has demonstrated a prima facie case in relation to its claim on the Guarantee.
In this regard, the claimant points out that cll 1, 9, 15, and 16 of the
Guarantee provide that the claimant is entitled to payment from the defendant
of the Guaranteed Sum. Having established a prima facie case, the claimant
then says that the defendant’s sole defence, which is premised on the breach
of the MOU, is without merit as it is completely bare, lacking in particulars,
and unsubstantiated by evidence. Relatedly, and in connection with the alleged
set-off that the defendant says occurred as a result of the breach of the MOU,
the claimant responds in its affidavit dated 2 March 2022 that the Facility
Agreement excludes the right of set-off. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Philippe Berta’s Affidavit dated 2 March 2023 at paras 16–17.

55 As for the claimant’s claim for other legal costs and expenses, this claim
is premised on the terms of the Guarantee that entitle the claimant to an
indemnity from the defendant for costs and expenses incurred in various
circumstances (see [5] above). In this regard, the claimant says that it has
established a prima facie case for its claim of S$13,000 on the basis of cll
9(iii) and 16 of the Guarantee. Pursuant to these clauses, the defendant
agreed to indemnify the claimant against costs and expenses which the claimant
may incur as a result of loans or credit facilities granted to LAPL. These
costs and expenses include (a) S$10,000 incurred in relation to HC/CWU
189/2022 (“CWU 189”), and (b) S$3,000 from legal costs incurred before the
commencement of OC 416.

56 Finally, as for the claimant’s claim for the costs of the Summary Judgment
Application and the action in OC 416, the claimant says that it is entitled to
costs on an indemnity basis pursuant to cll 1, 9(iii), 15, and/or 16 of the
Guarantee. The claimant says that there can be no doubt that under those
clauses, the defendant is obliged to indemnify the claimant of all legal costs
incurred in enforcing the Guarantee. The claimant submits that if the
defendant’s defence founded on the MOU fails, then it must follow that the
defendant has no defence to this particular claim for indemnity costs of
HC/SUM 110/2023 and OC 416. For completeness, the claimant also argues that it
is trite that such indemnity provisions in loan documentation and guarantee
documents are enforceable and have been enforced by the courts.

57 The defendant’s defence is that the claimant’s claim under the Guarantee is
discharged if the underlying liability under the Facility Agreement has been
set off because the claimant has allegedly breached the MOU. As such, the
defendant says that the dispute between the claimant and LAPL in respect of
the MOU raises at least the following triable issues in OC 416, namely:

(a) whether the Guarantee imposes secondary liability on the defendant, such
that the claimant cannot claim against the defendant under the Guarantee
without first establishing LAPL’s liability under the Facility Agreement;

(b) whether the claimant breached the MOU;

(c) if the claimant breached the MOU, whether LAPL has a valid right of set-
off that has been validly excluded by the Facility Agreement pursuant to Swiss
law;

(d) if there was such a right of set-off, whether LAPL validly exercised it in
the 16 Dec Letter; and

(e) if so, whether the defendant may avail himself of that right under the
Guarantee.

Accordingly, the defendant submits that the court is not in a position to
grant summary judgment.

The applicable law

58 I first set out the applicable principles governing a summary judgment
application under O 9 r 17 of the ROC 2021. Preliminarily, while the specific
wording of O 9 r 17 of the ROC 2021 is not the same as that found in O 14 of
the ROC 2014, I do not think that the applicable principles under the ROC 2021
are now different. Indeed, there is nothing in the Civil Justice Commission
Report or the Report of the Civil Justice Review Committee (2018)
(Chairperson: Indranee Rajah SC) that suggests otherwise. I am therefore of
the view that the earlier decisions that have guided the application of O 14
of the ROC 2014 continue to be applicable under the ROC 2021.

59 In this regard, it is trite law that the purpose of the summary judgment
procedure is to enable a claimant to obtain a quick judgment where there is
plainly no defence to the claim without trial (see the High Court decision of
Ling Yew Kong v Teo Vin Li Richard [2014] 2 SLR 123 at [30], citing Singapore
Civil Procedure 2013 (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2013)).
Accordingly, if the defendant’s only suggested defence is a point of law and
the court can see at once that the point is misconceived (or, if arguable, can
be shown shortly to be plainly unsustainable), then the claimant is entitled
to summary judgment (see Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 vol 1 (Cavinder Bull
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at para 14/1/2).

60 Accordingly, to obtain summary judgment, a claimant must first show that he
has a prima facie case for his claims. If he fails to do that, his application
ought to be dismissed. However, once the claimant shows that he has a prima
facie case, the tactical burden then shifts to the defendant who, in order to
obtain permission to defend, must establish that there is a fair or reasonable
probability that he has a real or bona fide defence (see the High Court
decision of M2B World Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko [2015] 1 SLR
325 (“M2B World”) at [17], citing Ritzland Investment Pte Ltd v Grace
Management & Consultancy Services Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 1342 at [43]–[47]). The
tactical burden which shifts to the defendant is the burden to provide further
evidence to rebut an inference that would otherwise be drawn from the evidence
provided by the claimant. The court will not grant permission to defend if the
defendant only provides a mere assertion, contained in an affidavit, of a
given situation which forms the basis of his defence (see M2B World at [19],
citing Prosperous Credit Pte Ltd v Gen Hwa Franchise International Pte Ltd
[1998] 1 SLR(R) 53 at [14]). If the defendant cannot satisfy this tactical
burden, the claimant would be entitled to summary judgment.

My decision: RA 70 is dismissed

The claimant has shown a prima facie case

61 Applying this framework, I dismiss RA 70 for the following reasons. First,
I am satisfied that the claimant has shown a prima facie case for its claims
on the basis of the terms in the Guarantee. In this regard, it will be
recalled that the claimant relies on cll 1, 9, 15, and 16 of the Guarantee.
The defendant also does not dispute that, if LAPL is liable to the claimant,
the defendant would be liable to the claimant as well on the basis of these
terms. Having found that the claimant has established a prima facie case, the
tactical burden therefore shifts to the defendant to show that there is a bona
fide defence.

The defendant has not raised a bona fide defence in relation to the claimant’s
alleged breaches of the MOU

62 I turn to consider the sole defence which the defendant raises, which is
premised on the MOU outlined in the 16 Dec Letter. In sum, the defence is that
the defendant’s liability under the Guarantee has been discharged because LAPL
can apply its alleged right to damages under the MOU to fully discharge its
debt to the claimant under the Facility Agreement. However, in my judgment,
that issue is entirely contingent on the defendant proving that the claimant
had breached the MOU in the first place. If the defendant is unable to raise a
bona fide defence that the claimant breached the MOU to begin with, then no
issue of set-off can arise.

63 In this regard, I do not think that the defendant has raised any bona fide
defence in relation to the claimant’s alleged breaches of the MOU. This is
because this defence is bare and not supported by evidence. Indeed, absent the
evidence sought to be adduced in SUM 1161, the only evidence of the breach of
the MOU is the 16 Dec Letter that was written by Mr Chow. However, Mr Chow has
not filed an affidavit and the source of his information is unclear. Moreover,
it is curious that breaches of the MOU were only raised a few days before the
Defence in OC 416 was due to be filed. Indeed, up to this point, LAPL had not
claimed that it had repaid the sums due under the Facility Agreement.

64 But above all, the 16 Dec Letter does not provide any objective evidence or
particulars of the alleged breaches. It is clear that the alleged breaches of
the MOU, specifically of para 1.1, cannot be sustained by a mere assertion
from Mr Chow. Indeed, a plain reading of para 1.1 shows that the defendant
must prove, among others, that the claimant had “unreasonably” withheld
financing from LAPL. However, all that the 16 Dec Letter says in this regard
is the following: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

JBOD Vol 1 at p 144.

I have been informed that pursuant to paragraph 1.1 of the MOU, the former
directors and management of [LAPL] had reached out to [the claimant] on
several occasions between September 2020 and July 2022 to request that [the
claimant] finances potential deals which the former directors and management
of [LAPL] had identified. However, and in breach of paragraph 1.1 of the MOU,
[the claimant] failed to use its best endeavours to reasonably negotiate with
the former directors and management of [LAPL] on the terms of the financing
and unreasonably withheld financing from [LAPL].

65 This paragraph speaks for itself. Apart from Mr Chow’s bare assertion that
the claimant had “unreasonably withheld financing” from LAPL, the paragraph,
and indeed the rest of the 16 Dec Letter, provides no particulars, let alone
evidence, of the alleged breaches. It is inconceivable that the defendant is
unable to provide some kind of documentary evidence that one would expect for
any request for financing, such as emails and the exchange of underlying sale
contracts. Yet, the defendant has, until the belated application made in SUM
1161 (which I have dismissed), adduced no evidence whatsoever to support the
allegations that the claimant had committed multiple breaches of the MOU. This
is plainly not a bona fide defence.

66 Finally, even taking into account the new evidence sought to be admitted in
SUM 1161, I would still not have found that there is a bona fide defence. The
new evidence does not support the defendant’s account of the claimant’s
alleged breaches at all. For instance, as I alluded to (see [24] above), the
timespan of the WhatsApp Messages that the defendant sought to admit does not
corroborate his allegation that the claimant had rejected LAPL’s financing
requests on “multiple occasions” between September 2020 and July 2022. In
fact, the WhatsApp messages do not even support the only example that the
defendant provided about the claimant’s supposed unreasonable refusal to
provide financing in relation to “a trade [of] Ukrainian corn”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ollech David’s 1st Affidavit dated 30 March 2023 at para 15(a).

Taken holistically, even if I had allowed SUM 1161, I am not convinced that it
would have made a difference to my conclusion.

67 Accordingly, for this reason alone, I find that the defendant has not
raised any bona fide defence. Since the other issues that the defendant raises
rest on the claimant having breached the MOU, this ground alone would be
sufficient for me to dismiss RA 70, and I do so on this basis.

It is immaterial that there may be a triable issue in relation to Swiss law

68 For completeness, I conclude with some brief observations on an issue which
was heavily contested at the hearing, which was whether it is appropriate to
grant summary judgment on the basis that LAPL’s right of set-off was excluded
by the Facility Agreement when the content of Swiss law, which is stated to
govern the Facility Agreement, has not been pleaded or proven. Having
considered the submissions of both parties, I am of the view that if I had
found that there is a bona fide defence in relation to the claimant’s alleged
breaches of the MOU, and had the issue of Swiss law been pleaded (which was
not), there would be a triable issue as to what the content of Swiss law is.
This is for the following reasons.

69 First, even though the defendant has not proven the content of Swiss law, I
do not think that the claimant can rely on the presumption of similarity to
contend that the court should simply apply Singapore law in interpreting the
Facility Agreement. This is because the cases that have invoked this
presumption were largely not decided in the context of an application for
summary judgment or striking out. These cases, such as the Court of Appeal
decision of EFT Holdings, Inc and another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte
Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 and the High Court decision of IM Skaugen SE
and another v MAN Diesel & Turbo SE and another [2018] SGHC 123, were decided
on the merits at trial or on appeal.

70 Second, the English Court of Appeal decision of National Shipping Corp v
Arab [1971] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 363 (“National Shipping”) stands as a helpful
authority that cautions against summary judgment being granted on the
presumption that foreign law is the same as the lex fori. In that case, the
claimants and the defendant signed an agreement. The defendant signed under
the name of certain agents. At first instance, the claimants obtained summary
judgment against the defendant personally under the agreement. On appeal to
the English Court of Appeal, the defendant argued that under Saudi Arabian
law, the agents were a type of partnership and that he could not be sued
personally until the agents had been sued and made default. The claimants
contended that Pakistani law should apply, and that, in the absence of
evidence to the contrary, the presumption was that foreign law (be it Saudi
Arabian or Pakistani law) was the same as English law. The English Court of
Appeal rejected the claimants’ contention and granted the defendant
unconditional permission to defend. Most pertinently, Buckley LJ explained
that while the presumption of similarity no doubt existed under English law,
“it does not seem … satisfactory that the [claimants] should obtain summary
judgment in a case in which foreign law is clearly involved upon the basis of
that presumption” and that, therefore, “the case is shown to be not an
appropriate one for summary judgment” (at 366). Likewise, in a learned article
and in a similar context, Prof Tan Yock Lin also notes that the “[a]pplication
of the presumption would contradict the interlocutory nature of the strike-out
application” (see Tan Yock Lin, “Rationalising and Simplifying the Presumption
of Similarity of Laws” (2016) 28 SAcLJ 172 at para 31).

71 However, I would not go so far as to say that National Shipping stands for
the absolute proposition that the presumption of similarity can never apply in
interlocutory applications which seek to finally dispose of an action, or at
least part of it, on its merits. As Chan Sek Keong CJ observed in the High
Court decision of D’Oz International Pte Ltd v PSB Corp Pte Ltd and another
appeal [2010] 3 SLR 267, whether the presumption applies depends on the
circumstances of the case. The question that is ordinarily asked when this
presumption is invoked is whether, in the circumstances of the case, it would
be unjust to apply it against a party so as to make him liable on a claim
subject to foreign law when the foreign law that applies has not been proved
(at [25]).

72 In my view, the outcome in National Shipping should be understood in light
of these considerations. In interlocutory matters, where there is a dispute as
to the content of foreign law, making a summary determination based on the
presumption of similarity might occasion injustice if, for instance, it is
improbable that the foreign law in question is similar to the lex fori. This
can be the case if the lex fori belongs to a different legal tradition from
the foreign law in question, or if the rule of the lex fori is clearly unique.
In such circumstances, to shut out a defendant’s defence simply because he has
not adduced sufficient evidence of the content of foreign law at the
interlocutory stage would be premature. Indeed, one should bear in mind that
the operation of the presumption of similarity can have a “startling effect”
(see the observation of the Court of Appeal in Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S
Y Technology Inc and another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [33], albeit in a
different context). Accordingly, these considerations might have explained the
view taken by the court in National Shipping that it was inappropriate to
grant summary judgment on the artificial assumption that English law was
similar to the law of Saudi Arabia or the law of Pakistan.

73 The same considerations are applicable in the present case. As the legal
traditions of Switzerland and Singapore are different, it would be artificial
and premature, at the interlocutory stage, to finally dispose of this action
on the assumption that Swiss law is similar to Singapore law in matters of
contractual interpretation. Therefore, had this issue arisen, I would have
been inclined to find that the defendant raised a triable issue as to the
content of Swiss law and, specifically, whether it provides that LAPL’s right
of set-off was excluded by the Facility Agreement.

74 In any event, I reiterate that my decision in RA 70 does not turn on my
view of whether there is a triable issue in relation to the content of Swiss
law. This is because, as the defendant says in its own submissions on appeal,
this issue is entirely predicated on whether the claimant breached the MOU. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 11 May 2023 at para 35.

While the defendant need not show that the claimant had actually breached the
MOU at this stage, he does need to show a bona fide defence to avoid summary
judgment. As I have stated (at [67] above), I do not find that he has done so.
Also, the defendant has clearly not pleaded that there was a triable issue in
relation to the content of Swiss law in its defence.

Conclusion

75 In conclusion, for all the reasons I have given above, I dismiss the
defendant’s application in SUM 1161, as well as his appeals in both RA 71 and
RA 70.

76 Unless the parties are able to agree on costs, they are to file brief
submissions on the appropriate costs order limited to seven pages each, within
14 days of this decision.

77 In closing, I would like to thank Mr Nicholas Poon, who appeared for the
claimant, and Mr Tan, as well as their respective teams, including the
instructing solicitor for the defendant, Mr Keith Han, for all their helpful
submissions, which were clearly and reasonably advanced both in writing and
orally before me.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Poon Guokun Nicholas and Lee Tat Weng Daniel (Breakpoint LLC) for the
claimant;  
Tan Zhengxian Jordan, Damien Chng Cheng Yee (Audent Chambers LLC)
(instructed), Shankar Ray Shi-Wan, Han Guangyuan Keith and Ammani Mathivanan
(Oon & Bazul LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Jun 2023 (12:04 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

