Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 287

Bankruptcy No 206 of 2023 (Summons No 2771 of 2023)

In the matter of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act  
(Act 40 of 2018)

And

In the matter of Lim Keng Teck

Between

Lim Keng Teck  
---  
  
… Claimant

And

Official Assignee  
---  
  
… Official Assignee

judgment

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Bankrupt’s duties and liabilities — Review by
court of determination of monthly contribution and target contribution —
Section 340(1) Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev
Ed)]

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Bankrupt’s duties and liabilities — Power of
court to vary monthly contribution and target contribution — Sections 341(1)
and 341(2)(c) Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev
Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Lim Keng Teck

[2023] SGHC 287

General Division of the High Court — Bankruptcy No 206 of 2023 (Summons No
2771 of 2023)  
Goh Yihan J  
11 October 2023

12 October 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan J:

1 The claimant in this application, Mr Lim Keng Teck, was adjudged a bankrupt
on 23 February 2023. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/ORC 796/2023 dated 23 February 2023 and extracted on 23 February 2023.

This is his application, made under s 340 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “IRDA”), 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 4 October 2023 (“CWS”) at para 1.

for the court to review the Official Assignee’s (the “OA”) notice of
determination issued on 18 August 2023 (the “Second Determination”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

4th Affidavit of Lim Keng Teck dated 8 September 2023 (“LTK-4”) at pp 10–11.

In the Second Determination, the OA determined that the claimant’s monthly
contribution (“MC”) be $7,630 and the final target contribution (“TC”) after
52 months be $396,760. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

LTK-4 at p 10.

2 The Second Determination follows the claimant’s earlier application in
HC/SUM 1686/2023 (“SUM 1686”) for a similar review of the OA’s notice of
determination issued on 16 May 2023 (the “First Determination”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Affidavit of Lim Keng Teck dated 6 June 2023 (“LTK-1”) at p 16.

In the First Determination, the OA had determined that the claimant’s MC be
$8,610 and the TC after 52 months to be $447,720. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

LTK-1 at p 16.

I allowed SUM 1686 and directed the OA to reassess the MC and TC. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 July 2023 at p 7 line 27 to p 8 line 2.

After such reassessment, the OA reduced the MC by $980 in the Second
Determination when compared to the First Determination.

3 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I allow the claimant’s
application in part and make an adjustment to the MC and, correspondingly, the
TC. I provide the reasons for my decision to explain that my doing so is not
to be construed as a broad invitation for bankrupt persons who are
dissatisfied with the OA’s determination to apply for a review. Instead, as I
will explain, the OA did not do anything particularly wrong in the present
case. Instead, the OA’s determination was primarily constrained by its
interpretation of the IRDA, which resulted in a key deductible for rental
expenses not to be reflective of the claimant’s actual situation. I therefore
find it just and equitable to adjust the MC and TC.

The claimant’s arguments

4 The claimant’s application is grounded in his argument that the OA had not
considered, or reasonably considered, the four substantive reasons that I had
given in directing the OA to reassess the First Determination. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CWS at para 12.

These four reasons were that: (a) the OA should have taken into account the
unstable and uncertain nature of the claimant’s current source of income; (b)
the OA should have taken into account the nature of the claimant’s employment
as an independent consultant; (c) the OA should have taken into account the
claimant being in a tenancy agreement that cannot be terminated until 2
January 2025 without paying the full 24 months’ rent; and (d) the OA should
have taken into account the extent to which the claimant’s spouse may
contribute to the maintenance of his family. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CWS at para 12.

5 In his affidavit filed in support of the present application, the claimant
concluded that the OA had not considered these reasons because of the
following reasons. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

LTK-4 at paras 14, 17, 20, and 23.

First, when the OA sent the claimant the Second Determination, there were no
reasons set out in the document. Second, the MC in the Second Determination
remains too high for the claimant to meet. Third, while the claimant had
provided the OA with further information after the conclusion of SUM 1686, the
OA did not appear to have taken this information into account in arriving at
the Second Determination. Fourth, the claimant is of the view that the OA
should have engaged him further and tried to understand his personal
circumstances better before issuing the Second Determination.

My decision: the application is allowed in part

The general framework

6 In the High Court decision of Mirmohammadali Hadian v Ambika d/o
Ramachandran (Official Assignee, non-party) [2023] SGHC 116 (“Mirmohammadali”)
(at [28]), I explained that the consideration of an application under s 340(1)
of the IRDA to review the OA’s determination of the MC and TC should proceed
in the following two stages:

(a) First, has the OA shown that he has complied with the mandatory
requirement of considering the factors in s 339(2)?

(b) Second, if the OA has shown that he had considered the factors in s
339(2), then does the determination reached pursuant to s 339(1)(a) withstand
review under the perversity standard? By this standard, the question to be
asked is whether the OA’s decision is so absurd that no OA properly advised or
properly instructing himself could have so acted. If the answer to this
question is yes, then the OA’s determination should be varied.

The OA is not obliged to provide reasons in the Notice of Determination nor
engage with a bankrupt

7 Before I come to the reasons for allowing the application, I make an
important preliminary point. This is that the OA is not obliged to provide
reasons for his determination in the Notice of Determination issued pursuant
to r 38(1) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution (Bankruptcy)
Regulations 2020 (the “BR”). In this regard, r 38 of the BR provides as
follows:

Notice, etc., of determination of monthly contribution and target contribution

38.—(1) The notice of the determination of a bankrupt’s monthly contribution
and target contribution which is required to be served under section 339(1)(b)
of the Act must be in Form BR-7.

(2) The explanation of a trustee in bankruptcy’s basis for making a
determination which is required to be served under section 339(3) of the Act
must be in Form BR-8.

8 Importantly, while r 38(2) refers to a trustee in bankruptcy’s “basis for
making a determination”, no reference is made to the OA’s basis for the same.
This flows from s 339 of the IRDA, the title of which concerns the
“[d]etermination of monthly contribution and target contribution”. More
specifically, s 339(3) expressly provides that “[w]here the determination [of
the MC and TC] … is made by a trustee in bankruptcy, the trustee must also
serve notice of the determination, together with an explanation on the basis
for making the determination … on the [OA]” [emphasis added]. This in turn
flows from s 42(1) of the IRDA, which provides for the OA “to take cognizance
of the conduct of a trustee in bankruptcy in the administration of the estate
of a bankrupt”. Thus, it must follow that the OA needs to be furnished with
the basis of the trustee in bankruptcy’s determination so as to “take
cognizance” of this particular aspect of the trustee’s administration of the
bankrupt’s estate.

9 Because the OA is not subject to any such general supervision in its
administration of the bankrupt’s estate, it follows that the OA does not come
under a similar duty to provide the basis for its determination of the MC and
TC under s 339(1) of the IRDA. Therefore, the OA does not need to provide
reasons in the Notice of Determination issued to the bankrupt. Further, if the
bankrupt (or any creditor of the bankrupt) applies to the court under s 340(1)
of the IRDA to review the determination made under s 339 (including one made
by the OA), r 121(1) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
(Personal Insolvency) Rules 2020 only obliges a “trustee of a bankrupt’s
estate … [to] file in court an explanation of the basis for making the
determination”. Therefore, even when a bankrupt (or creditor) initiates a
review under s 340(1), the OA is not technically obliged to provide reasons
for his determination in the Notice of Determination, even if this is a good
practice so that the court can properly evaluate the merits of the application
before it. This must also mean that the OA has no corresponding obligation to
engage with a bankrupt, much less consult with him or her, in the course of
making its determination of the MC and TC.

10 Therefore, in so far as the claimant bases this application on the OA’s
lack of explanation or engagement, that must be rejected. In my view, the OA
should not be saddled with the onerous burden of providing reasons in every
determination and engaging with each and every bankrupt. This is because,
unlike a trustee in bankruptcy who comes under the OA’s supervision in the
administration of the bankrupt’s estate, the OA is presumed to have the
professional competence to discharge its duties. Moreover, if the bankrupt is
dissatisfied with the OA’s determination, there remains the recourse to the
courts pursuant to s 340(1) of the IRDA, albeit with no technical requirement
that the OA explains the basis for determination.

The OA has considered the relevant factors under s 339(2) of the IRDA

11 Having discussed this preliminary point, I return to the two-stage
framework in Mirmohammadali.

12 In relation to the first stage, I further explained in Mirmohammadali (at
[27]) that the OA has to demonstrate that he has taken into account the
factors in s 339(2) of the IRDA. However, how the OA can do this will differ
from case to case. In particular, I suggested that the OA need not show that
he has considered the factors in any great detail. It suffices for the OA to
briefly show that he has considered the factors.

13 With this standard in mind, I reject the claimant’s very technical reading
of what is required of the OA to show that he has considered the prescribed
factors in s 339(2) of the IRDA. For example, the claimant contends that the
OA erred in saying that a “real risk of losing one’s job” cannot be factored
into the determination of the net income because “section 339(2)(c) of the
[IRDA] provides for a total of no less than 6 factors that the OA has to
consider” [emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added], 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

CWS at para 17.

and that the OA has not considered five of those factors, because, presumably,
the OA did not expressly refer to these factors in the Explanation for the
Basis of Determination filed on 18 September 2023 (the “Explanation”). In my
view, it is not necessary for the OA to expressly refer to each and every
factor listed in s 339(2) of the IRDA. This would clearly be too onerous and
also, in some cases, unnecessary, in so far as some of the factors would be
irrelevant. Rather, a court need only be satisfied that the OA had considered
the factors on a broad reading of the Explanation concerned. There is no need,
as the claimant has attempted to suggest here, to undertake a detailed
examination and assessment of the OA’s reasoning process. This is not the
function or purpose of the review by a court under s 340(1) of the IRDA.

14 As such, I am satisfied from a broad reading of the Explanation that the OA
has considered the factors listed in s 339(2) of the IRDA. This much is clear
from, among other things, the OA’s use of headings corresponding to the
factors listed in s 339(2). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Explanation for the Basis of Determination of Monthly Contribution and Target
Contribution under Rule 121(1) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution (Personal Insolvency) Rules 2020 dated 18 September 2023
(“Explanation”) at pp 2–5.

The OA’s consideration withstands review under the perversity standard

15 In relation to the second stage of the framework in Mirmohammadali, the
claimant’s complaint is that the OA has not properly considered the relevant
factors.

The claimant’s current and expected monthly income

16 The first of these relates to his current and expected monthly income. In
this regard, despite him earning $14,880 monthly at present, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Explanation at p 2.

the claimant says that the OA has not properly considered: (a) the unstable
and uncertain nature of his current source of income, which is linked to; (b)
the nature of his employment as an independent consultant. In particular, the
claimant alleges that because I had apparently “held that the [c]laimant’s
income is unstable” [emphasis in original omitted] in SUM 1686, it is
therefore “incumbent on the OA to determine his MC and TC on the basis that it
is unstable, and not that it is a ‘non-issue’” [emphasis in original]. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CWS at para 15.

17 To begin with, I did not find that the claimant’s income is unstable in SUM
1686. Instead, the only thing I had said in relation to the unstable nature of
the claimant’s income was this: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 July 2023 at p 6 line 25 to p 7 line 9.

First, I agree that the OA should take into account the unstable and uncertain
nature of the applicant’s current source of income. In my view, it is clear
that the applicant is not an employee in the conventional sense and does not
have the security of any notice period. I accept the OA’s view that the terms
of the consultancy agreement are important, and the applicant has not
exhibited this in his affidavit. Be that as it may, it can reasonably be
inferred from Mr Jason Cheng’s (“Jason”) email dated 15 April 2023 that there
may not be such a formal agreement. This is because Jason was in effect
setting out the “arrangement” between the parties in the email after a
discussion “on the phone”. This shows that the parties do not have a formal
agreement between them and Jason, who is presumably the applicant’s boss at
DTC World Corporation Pte Ltd, has a rather free hand in varying the terms of
the applicant’s consultancy.

It is clear from the above that all I had said was that the OA “should take
into account the unstable and uncertain nature of the [claimant’s] current
source of income”. However, I did not make a finding that the claimant’s
income is unstable, nor did I intend to bind the OA in any manner. In any
event, as the OA has explained, he “took into account the direction of the
[c]ourt that the [claimant’s] income was unstable and uncertain”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Official Assignee’s Written Submissions dated 4 October 2023 (“OAWS”) at para
9(a).

Hence, I disagree with the claimant that the OA had not considered this factor
in the Second Determination.

18 Bearing in mind the perversity standard of review, I do not find that no
other OA would have done what the OA has done in relation to this factor.
Indeed, the OA has provided cogent reasons for not regarding this factor as
relevant in the Second Determination: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Explanation at p 3.

… Furthermore, the bankrupt has not submitted sufficient supporting documents
to evidence the fact that his current consultancy contract was unstable and
uncertain, or that the nature of the job was such that there was a real risk
of him losing it. It cannot be said with certainty that he cannot continue
with his current contract beyond the end of this year and for the immediate
future thereafter. It is an indisputable fact that the bankrupt has income
derived from the consultancy contract which pays him a total gross income of
$14,880 a month. A real risk of losing one’s job cannot be factored into the
determination of the net income for the purpose of computing the MC. …

19 As can be seen from this extract, the OA had considered the unstable and
uncertain nature of the claimant’s employment but was not satisfied that there
was any imminent threat that the claimant would lose his job or income. I see
nothing wrong in this assessment, which the OA is entirely entitled to come
to. Moreover, I agree with the OA that if the claimant were to lose his
current job, it is open to him to apply under s 342(1) of the IRDA for the OA
to adjust his MC due to “personal circumstances of a non-transient nature that
have substantially reduced his income” (see, in particular, the ground mention
in s 342(2)(c) of the IRDA). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Explanation at p 3.

The OA cannot be expected to make a determination based on the possibility
that the claimant may lose his job in the future. This is despite s 339(2)(c)
of the IRDA referring to “the monthly income that the bankrupt may reasonably
be expected to earn over the duration of the bankruptcy”, because this must
refer to definite material before the OA for him to take this into account. If
the OA is expected to take possibilities of future events into account, then
that would render the recourse provided in s 342(1) otiose, which is precisely
to allow the OA to adjust the MC and TC to account for changes in the
bankrupt’s financial conditions.

20 As for the claimant’s complaint that the OA has not considered the fact
that he is an independent consultant and would have to incur expenses as part
of his business, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

CWS at paras 20 and 25.

I find that the OA has taken this factor into consideration. Indeed, the OA
has explained that “[f]urther extraordinary deductibles for the [c]laimant
were also allowed, to take into account the fact that he is self-employed and
would incur expenses as part of his business, and would not be paid if he does
not work on any day and needs financial protection on days when he is ill or
hospitalised”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

OAWS at para 9(g).

The OA therefore allowed the following four additional extraordinary monthly
deductibles totalling $854.90:

(a) $616.90, being the monthly premium for the claimant’s insurance policy;

(b) $140, being the overseas insurance expense for Malaysia and Vietnam, to
protect the claimant’s income for days when he is unable to work;

(c) $80, being the transport expenses for transfers from airport to hotel and
from hotel to airport on each of his two overseas assignments in Malaysia and
Vietnam every month; and

(d) $18, being the cost of the mobile data roaming package covering both
Malaysia and Vietnam. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

OAWS at para 9(g).

21 Further, applying the perversity standard of review, I am satisfied that
the OA has allowed sufficient deductibles to be made after taking into account
the reasonable expenses that the claimant will have to expend in the conduct
of his business. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Explanation at p 4.

First, as to $80 being the transport expenses for Malaysia and Vietnam, I do
not think that the OA erred by considering that the claimant’s general
transport expenses, apart from the airport transfers, should be included in
the personal deductible of $1,100 that has already factored in the claimant’s
transport expenses generally. Second, as to the $18 cost of the mobile data
roaming package, I can see nothing wrong with the OA preferring the most
economical package that serves the claimant’s purposes broadly. Third, as to
the “other Vietnam and Malaysia incidentals amounting to $330” that the
claimant has included as expenses, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

CWS at para 25.

I find that the OA is entirely justified in not allowing a deductible in
respect of these expenses because it is not certain, even by the claimant’s
own case, that these expenses will need to be spent all the time.

The extent to which his spouse may contribute to the maintenance of the family

22 As for the claimant’s complaint about the OA not having considered the
extent to which his spouse may contribute to the maintenance of his family, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

CWS at para 48.

I likewise do not find that no other OA would have done what the OA has done
in relation to this factor. This is because the OA has clearly explained that,
bearing in mind that the claimant’s spouse earns a monthly income of $2,800,
he does not need to support her basic needs. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Explanation at p 3.

While I can understand the claimant’s argument that his spouse cannot be
expected to utilise her entire salary towards family expenses without any
consideration for her own future needs, I do not think that the OA’s
determination fails the perversity standard in that another reasonable OA
would not have done the same. I therefore agree with the OA that no deductible
should be made for his spouse.

The claimant being in a tenancy agreement

23 I turn finally to the claimant’s complaint about the OA not having
considered him having entered into a tenancy agreement that expires only on 2
January 2025. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

LTK-1 at p 61.

While the tenancy is for a condominium at a monthly rent of $4,800, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

LTK-1 at p 61.

and I agree that a bankrupt should moderate his lifestyle, the fact remains
that the claimant cannot terminate the tenancy without incurring an even
larger financial penalty amounting to 24 months’ of rent.

24 In this regard, the OA recognises that the claimant is tied to the tenancy
agreement. However, because the OA is not able to cater for a “step-up MC
plan”, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Explanation at p 5.

the OA felt compelled to allow only a monthly deductible of $544.60 based on
the tenure of the payment plan being 52 months: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Explanation at p 5.

[$2,400 (the bankrupt’s half share of the monthly rent of $4,800.00) less
$630.30 (the housing deductible comprised in the personal deductible)] x 16
months (September 2023 to December 2024) = $28,315.20.

As the repayment plan is for a period of 52 months, the sum of $28,315.20 has
been apportioned equally over the [sic] that period and rounded up to $544.60.

25 I understand the OA’s explanation, which is that he has no statutory power
to provide for the MC to be stepped up after the expiry of the tenancy
agreement. To that extent, I do not think it would be fair to characterise the
OA’s decision as “perverse”, since he is keeping within his statutory powers.

26 Despite this, the reality of this determination is that the claimant would
be severely compromised in the period until the tenancy agreement expires on 2
January 2025. First, the claimant would actually need to pay all or a
substantial portion of the actual monthly rent of $4,800, which would be far
beyond the $544.60 deductible that he has been allowed. As such, the OA’s
assessment that the claimant’s disposable income is $4,698.85 based on a
deductible of $544.60 for the rent over the next 52 months does not reflect
reality because it ignores that the claimant has committed to paying a monthly
rent of $4,800 now. Second, it is also not realistic to divide the monthly
rent of $4,800 equally between the claimant and his spouse when his spouse’s
income barely covers half of the monthly rent. Instead, the reality of the
situation is that the claimant is bound to pay a substantial majority or even
all of the monthly rent of $4,800. This is especially so if the spouse is
expected to contribute most, if not all, of her monthly income of $2,800
towards family expenses.

27 However, as I have said above, because the OA legitimately regards that he
does not have the power to cater for a “step-up MC plan”, I do not regard his
decision to be “perverse”. But the potential injustice and inequity of this
determination cannot be ignored.

It is just and equitable to adjust the deductible for rental expenses

28 Although the OA does not have the power to cater for a “step-up MC plan”, I
find that the court can do this. This is because, pursuant to s 341(2)(c) read
with s 341(1) of the IRDA, the court may “make such order as it thinks fit to
vary the bankrupt’s monthly contribution and target contribution” if “it is
otherwise just and equitable” to do so. In my view, it is just and equitable
to vary the MC and TC to take into account the fact that the claimant has
entered into a tenancy agreement until 2 January 2025. It is also possible for
the court to order a “step-up MC plan” because of the breadth of s 341(1).

29 As such, pursuant to s 341(1) of the IRDA, I increase the extraordinary
deductible for rental expenses from $544.60 to $4,169.70 until 2 January 2025,
which is when the claimant’s existing tenancy agreement will lapse. In my
view, taken in the round, if the claimant’s spouse is expected to devote most,
if not all, of her monthly income towards family expenses, then it is only
fair to regard the claimant as being responsible for all of the monthly rent
of $4,800. The eventual figure of $4,169.70 takes into account the OA’s
allowance of $630.30 under the claimant’s personal deductibles to account for
“housing”.

30 Accordingly, I reduce the claimant’s MC from the date of this decision to 2
January 2025 by $3,625.10, which reflects the additional amount to the
existing deductible of $544.60 for rental expenses, less the $630.30 that the
OA has already allowed for housing. The claimant’s MC will therefore be
$4,004.90 until 2 January 2025, at which time it will be reassessed to take
into account the claimant’s new rental arrangements. Given the future change
in the MC, the TC would accordingly be fluid for the time being, before
becoming more certain after 2 January 2025. I, however, do not see this as an
impediment to revising the MC.

31 There are three further directions that I would include with this revised
MC of $4,004.90. First, should the claimant apply to the OA for a reduction of
the MC and TC under s 342(1) of the IRDA before 2 January 2025, his
contribution to the rent should be reassessed, with a corresponding adjustment
to the MC until 2 January 2025. Second, the claimant is to inform the OA of
his new rental arrangements after 2 January 2025 by 16 December 2024, so as to
provide the OA with sufficient time to determine his MC after 2 January 2025
with that factor in mind. Should the claimant require more time, he can write
in to seek the same from the OA. Needless to say, the claimant should adjust
his lifestyle in his next tenancy. I emphasise once again that I am only
making the present order because the claimant is tied to the existing tenancy
agreement and cannot terminate it without incurring substantial costs. Third,
while the claimant is entitled to challenge the OA’s determination of the MC
and TC after 2 January 2025, I would highlight that he would not have
succeeded in the present application had the OA not been constrained by his
interpretation of the relevant legislative provisions. Indeed, it would not be
fruitful for the claimant to focus on the minutiae of details because the
review process under s 340(1) of the IRDA is not meant to be an appeal
mechanism for a dissatisfied bankrupt to challenge each and every aspect of
the OA’s determination.

Conclusion

32 For all the reasons above, I allow the claimant’s application in part and
revise his MC to be $4,004.90 until 2 January 2025, at which time it will be
reassessed. However, I emphasise that this is not because I have found the
OA’s Second Determination to be in any way falling short of the “perversity
standard” of review. Instead, I find that the OA was constrained by the
legislative provisions in arriving at the Second Determination. In fairness to
the claimant, I have varied his MC until 2 January 2025 to reflect the reality
that he has entered into a tenancy agreement that expires on that date.

33 Given that this order is not the norm, but which I am satisfied is
permissible under s 341(1) of the IRDA and, more importantly, necessary to
effect justice and equity in the present case, the parties are at liberty to
write in for clarifications if needed.

Goh Yihan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Sim Puay Jain Edwin and Faith Tan Fen Yi (Lexton Law Corporation) for the
claimant;  
Lim Yew Jin and Christopher Eng Chee Yang (Insolvency & Public Trustee’s
Office) for the official assignee.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Oct 2023 (11:52 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

