Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 74

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9695 of 2020/01

Between

| Loh Siang Piow @ Loh Chan Pew  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law — Offences — Sexual offences — Outrage of modesty]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Loh Siang Piow (alias Loh Chan Pew)

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2023] SGHC 74

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9695 of 2020/01  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
13 August 2021, 11 August 2022

30 March 2023 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by Mr Loh Siang Piow @ Loh Chan Pew (“Mr Loh”) against his
conviction on two counts of outrage of modesty under  
s 354(1) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, Rev Ed 2008) (“Penal Code”) and the
global sentence of 21 months’ imprisonment imposed on him by the learned
District Judge (the “District Judge”). The District Judge’s decision is found
in Public Prosecutor v Loh Siang Piow @ Loh Chan Pew [2021] SGMC 16 dated 12
March 2021 (the “GD”), with further reasons contained in Public Prosecutor v
Loh Siang Piow @ Loh Chan Pew [2022] SGMC 13 dated 9 February 2022 (the
“Remittal Findings”).

2 Mr Loh is a seasoned track and field coach of considerable reputation and
standing in the athletics community in Singapore. At the material time, the
complainant, to be referred to as Ms C, was an athlete training with Mr Loh.
According to Ms C, Mr Loh molested her under the guise of giving her massages
after their individual training sessions on 24 February 2013 and 15 March
2013. I pause to highlight that at that time, there was a prevalent practice
in the athletic community for coaches to give trainees massages after
intensive training. Mr Loh admits that he had given Ms C such massages once or
twice, but he denied the molest allegations. He also sought to provide alibis
on the dates of the alleged offences.

3 Given that there were no witnesses to the alleged offences, the case largely
pitted Ms C’s accusation against Mr Loh’s denial. At the outset, it is
critical to emphasise that where a complainant’s uncorroborated testimony
forms the sole basis for conviction, the court must be persuaded that the
complainant’s testimony is “unusually convincing”, such that her testimony,
when weighed against all the other available facts, leaves no reasonable doubt
as to the accused’s guilt. It should also be borne in mind that whatever view
the court may take of the defence, it remains the Prosecution’s burden to
prove the elements of an offence beyond a reasonable doubt. With these guiding
principles in mind, I turn to consider the merits of the appeal.

Facts

Background facts

4 The facts have been extensively set out in the GD, and I provide a brief
overview. At the material time, Mr Loh was 68 years old. He is now 79 years
old. Mr Loh joined the Singapore Prison Service in 1965, and he retired as a
Deputy Superintendent in 2002. As stated at [2] above, Mr Loh is also a
prominent figure in the local track and field scene. In his coaching career
spanning 35 years, he had coached 600 to 700 athletes. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Records of Appeal (“ROP”) at p 1837, lines 5 to 27.

He had served as the Vice-President of the Singapore Athletics Association
(“SAA”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP at p 1899, lines 21 to 32.

5 Ms C was born in 1994 and was 18 years old at the material time. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP at p 157, lines 23 to 26.

At present, she is around 28 years old. In junior college, she competed in
short-distance sprints. A promising athlete, she was referred by her track
teacher, Ms Michelle Eng (“Ms Eng”), to Mr Loh for track training under him. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP at p 170, lines 27 to 31; p 162, at lines 23 to 32; p 1878, lines 23 to
30.

Ms C started training under Mr Loh in early December 2012. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP at p 175, lines 3 to 7.

This was after she had completed her A-level examinations. She would attend
group training sessions with other “private athletes” who were not
participating as part of official school training. These other “private
athletes” included: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP at p 175, line 31 to p176, line 24; p 177, lines 23 to 27; p 622, lines 12
to 16.

(a) Ms W (the only other female “private athlete”);

(b) Mr Zaki Sapari (deceased);

(c) Mr Toh Wee Hong (“Mr Toh”);

(d) Mr Jonathan;

(e) Mr Oon Kuan Yong; and

(f) Mr Eugene Tan.

The Prosecution’s case

6 The Prosecution’s case is that in or around end January 2013, barely two
months after Ms C started group training sessions with Mr Loh, Mr Loh invited
her to attend one-on-one training sessions with him. Ms C testified that she
attended a total of four individual training sessions with Mr Loh, with the
likely dates to be 17 February 2013, 24 February 2013, 10 March 2013 and 15
March 2013 respectively. According to her, all four individual training
sessions were held at the old Tampines Stadium (which has since been
demolished). They were held either in the morning starting from about 9am to
10am, or in the evening starting at about 4pm to 5pm. They lasted about 1½
hours. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP at p 192, lines 19 to 32, p 203, lines 13 to 16.

7 Ms C says that the incidents in the first and second charges occurred on the
second and fourth training sessions respectively. Her account of the four
individual training sessions is summarised below:

(a) For the first session on 17 February 2013, Ms C says that Mr Loh offered
to give her a “cool down massage”. She thought it was normal given the
prevalent practice of coaches massaging their athletes, and she had received
such massages before. He massaged her legs for about five to ten minutes while
she was lying in a prone position on a bench along a corridor on the same
level as the track beside the spectator’s stand. Nothing untoward happened on
this occasion. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROP at p 187, lines 10 to 23.

(b) For the second session on 24 February 2013, Ms C says that Mr Loh
similarly gave her a “cool down massage” on the bench along the corridor. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP at p 196, lines 21 to 29.

However, on this occasion, she says that Mr Loh massaged her from the back of
her calves up to her thighs, briefly touching her multiple times in between
her thighs, on her “vagina”, over her tights using his thumb. In cross-
examination, she described the brief contact as “brush and rub” and “touch-
and-move”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP at p 199, lines 12 to 22; p 427, lines 5 to 6.

This formed the subject matter of the first charge, which states that Mr Loh
rubbed Ms C’s “vulva region over her clothing in the course of massaging the
back of her thighs [emphasis added]”, and that this allegedly happened at or
around 12pm or at or around 6pm that day.

(c) For the third session on 10 March 2013, Ms C says that her father
accompanied her to this training after she told her mother that she was
uncomfortable with Mr Loh’s massage on 24 February 2013. No massage took place
after this training session. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROP at p 204, lines 6 to 31.

(d) For the fourth session on 15 March 2013, Ms C says that Mr Loh offered her
a “cool down massage” to which she said “no” but he told her “just massage”.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP at p 222, lines 6 to 16.

She says that Mr Loh then led her into an equipment room under the spectator’s
stand 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP at p 223, lines 4 to 30.

and massaged her on a massage bed inside the room. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROP at p 223, lines 4 to 30.

She says that on this occasion, Mr Loh’s thumb pressed into her “vagina” (the
part in between her thighs and her groin) over her tights and he continued to
rub the area for about 10 to 15 seconds before she asked him to stop, to which
Mr Loh responded “just relax”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP at p 230, lines 6 to 7 and p 233, lines 1 to 26.

She further says that she squeezed her thighs together to “block” his fingers
from “having access” “to wherever he was trying to rub”, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROP at p 230, lines 7 to 12.

but his thumb remained squeezed in between her thighs because Mr Loh was
forcing his thumbs to be there with a lot of pressure. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROP at p 233, lines 27 to 32.

She says that at some point, she experienced a “sick feeling” of being unable
to control her body. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROP at p 230, lines 13 to 19.

She attributed this to her having experienced an orgasm. This was the subject
matter of the second charge, which states that Mr Loh rubbed Ms C’s “vulva
region over her clothing in the course of massaging the back of her thighs
[emphasis added]”, and again, this allegedly happened at or around 12pm or at
or around 6pm that day.

8 More than three years later, on 30 July 2016, Ms C lodged the first
information report (“FIR”).

The Defence’s case

9 Mr Loh denied the charges. He denied that he conducted any individual
training sessions for Ms C. As he had many trainees under his charge, he only
conducted individual training sessions for the top athletes. He, however,
conceded that as a coach, once or twice, he had provided massages to Ms C.
After speed training, lactic acid would build up, and the “rub down” sessions
would loosen up the muscles. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROP at p 1570 line 7 to p 1571 line 30.

This would extend from the hamstrings up to the thighs. In his police
statement, he explained that he provided such massages to other trainees,
explaining that it is “one of the essential things a coach would do”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP at 3715, Answer to Q17, Exh P25, Annex A.

10 In addition, Mr Loh advanced alibi defences to show that he was not at
Tampines Stadium on the likely dates of the alleged offences. His account of
events for the dates of the alleged individual training sessions is summarised
as follows:

(a) On 17 February 2013, Mr Loh testified that he conducted a group training
session for Ms C, Mr Eugene Tan and Mr Oon Kuan Yong.

(b) On 24 February 2013, Mr Loh testified that there was no training that day
because he was celebrating the final day of the Lunar New Year (“Chap Goh
Meh”) with his extended family. He had gone marketing in the morning for some
two hours at two different markets. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP at p 1583 line 31 to p 1584 line 10.

He returned home at around 12pm to prepare for prayers. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROP at p 1584, lines 13 to 16.

His siblings came over to his home for prayers at around 3pm, after which they
had dinner from around 6pm to around 8pm. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP at p 1584, line 31 to p 1585, line 7.

Mr Loh’s brother testified he had gone to Mr Loh’s home for Chap Goh Meh; he
also borrowed a jacket from Mr Loh that day. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROP at p 2323, lines 20 to p 2324, line 3.

Mr Loh’s wife also testified that she recalled Mr Loh’s brother trying on Mr
Loh’s jackets and chatting with Mr Loh. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROP at p 2255, lines 13 to 17.

(c) On 10 March 2013, Mr Loh testified that he attended an event named the
“Venus Run” with one Mr Tan Wei Leong (“Mr Tan WL”) in the morning. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP at p 1597, lines 11 to 27.

Mr Tan WL was the coach and founder of Zoom Club, an athletic organisation
which was officially sanctioned by the SAA on August 2012. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

GD at [244].

After that, Mr Loh testified that Mr Tan WL and he had lunch and attended the
Akira Swift 60th Anniversary Track and Field Championship 2013 (the “Swift
Event”) at Toa Payoh Stadium from 2pm to around 4pm. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROP at p 1599, lines 17 to 26.

Following that, the two went to a coffeeshop until around 6pm before he left
for home. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROP at p 1608, lines 11 to 32.

(d) For 15 March 2013, Mr Loh testified that he conducted a training session
for CHIJ Toa Payoh students that afternoon at the Bishan Stadium. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROP at p 1747, line 31 to p 1748, line 10.

He relied on the testimony of Ms Mylvaganam Jayalaxmi (“Ms Jayalaxmi”), then
the teacher-in-charge for cross-country and long-distance runners at CHIJ Toa
Payoh, and Ms Amirah Aljunied (“Ms Amirah”), then a student at CHIJ Toa Payoh
at the material time. After the training which ended at around 6pm, Mr Loh
testified that Mr Terry Tan picked him up from Bishan Stadium to discuss a
controversy over competing organisations seeking to hold tug of war
competitions in Singapore. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROP at p 1659, line 10 to p 1660, line 8.

Mr Terry Tan was a Deputy Superintendent in the Singapore Prison Service who
joined the service in 1999 and a fellow office holder at the SAA. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

GD at [163].

Decision below

11 I turn to the decision below. The District Judge found Mr Loh guilty on
both charges and sentenced Mr Loh to eight months’ imprisonment for the first
charge and 13 months’ imprisonment for the second charge to run consecutively.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

GD at [455].

12 The District Judge found that Ms C’s testimony satisfied the “unusually
convincing” threshold. He found Ms C’s narration of the progression of Mr
Loh’s acts of sexual offending internally consistent. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

GD at [352].

Nothing untoward occurred on the first training session, which explained why
Ms C had thought nothing of proceeding with the second session on 24 February
2013. Mr Loh’s intrusion on the second session caused Ms C some alarm and she
sought some measure of protection by bringing her father along for the third
session on 10 March 2013. Even though nothing untoward happened on the third
session, Ms C sought other trainees to go with her to Tampines Stadium for the
fourth session on 15 March 2013, and it was only at 3.34pm that day that she
realised that she would be training alone. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

GD at [355].

The District Judge found that Ms C was lucid and cogent in expressing herself
despite the difficulties inherent in having to revisit and articulate a
patently traumatic experience. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

GD at [365].

13 The District Judge found that Ms C’s testimony was externally consistent
with the testimonies of her parents, Ms W (a fellow “private athlete” training
with Mr Loh), and Mr A (Ms C’s friend in whom Ms C confided). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

GD at [371].

In particular, the District Judge found that Ms C’s father’s account “added
immeasurably to the extrinsic consistency” because he testified that he had
been present at an individual training session between Ms C and Mr Loh. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

GD at [379].

The father’s evidence was that it started raining during the training which
was consistent with metrological evidence for Tampines Stadium showing an
episode of rain between 5pm and 6pm on 10 March 2013. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

GD at [379].

14 The District Judge also found that Ms C’s testimony cohered with sets of
near-contemporaneous communications of the alleged acts of molestation. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

GD at [371].

These included:

(a) Ms C’s WhatsApp message to Ms W, a fellow private trainee, on 17 March
2013 at 11.36pm, in which Ms C asked Ms W not to leave her to train alone with
Mr Loh. Ms C further said, “I rily [sic] don’t like it when he massages, feels
like he’s molesting me or smth, kept rubbing my groin”, to which Ms W replied
“Rly? Kinda felt the same way too like weird”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

GD at [31].

(b) Ms C’s message to Mr A, her close friend and track and field senior in
junior college, on 30 March 2013, in which she stated “I think Mr. Loh
molested me, idk ... Like I asked [Ms W] and she said that she felt the same
thing but she didn’t tell anyone”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

GD at [34].

When Mr A inquired more about Mr Loh’s acts of molestation, Ms C said “it’s
always like in a room alone and I told him to stop but he went like just
relax” and “Yeah it kinda got worse, like first few times, he just touched”.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

GD at [34].

(c) Ms C’s message to Ms Eng on 2 June 2016, at 3.52pm in which Ms C stated
“Rmb last time I told you [M]r Loh massaged me and made me uncomfortable, I
didn’t rily [sic] tell you what exactly happened. He kinda made me train
individually with him on three occasions and kept massaging me further and
further up my thighs, in this equipment room behind the spectator stands and
eventually he rubbed me down there.” 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

GD at [306]

15 The District Judge also found that the inconsistencies in Ms C’s testimony
did not materially affect her credibility because she had provided adequate
explanations for them. For instance, Ms C initially identified the second
charge to have occurred on Sunday, 17 March 2013, but changed her testimony on
the fifth day of trial and claimed that it occurred on Friday, 15 March 2013
instead. The District Judge accepted Ms C’s explanation that she had
erroneously deduced the date of the second charge from the dates of her
WhatsApp chats with Ms W and Mr A. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

GD at [128].

He also noted that Mr Loh has not shown that Ms C had any malicious intention
to frame Mr Loh. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

GD at [373].

16 The District Judge rejected all of Mr Loh’s alibi accounts for 24 February
2013, 10 March 2013 and 15 March 2013 and found that Mr Loh had failed to
establish his alibi defences on a balance of probabilities: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

GD at [332], p 211.

(a) In relation to Mr Loh’s alibi for 24 February 2013, the District Judge
rejected his defence because there was no documentary evidence that he had
gone marketing with his wife to prepare for Chap Goh Meh. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

GD at [332], p 211.

The District Judge disbelieved Mr Loh’s brother’s account that he borrowed a
jacket from Mr Loh to attend his wife’s award ceremony because the letter from
his wife’s employer announcing the conferment of the award was dated 11 March
2013, which was 15 days after 24 February 2013 and Mr Loh’s brother could not
have had prophetic foresight of the award. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

GD at [332], p 212.

The District Judge also disbelieved Mr Loh’s wife’s testimony because she
merely recounted what the family would usually do on Chap Goh Meh and had no
distinct recollection of 24 February 2013. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

GD at [332], p 212.

(b) In relation to Mr Loh’s alibi for 10 March 2013, the District Judge
rejected his defence because there is no documentary evidence of his presence
at the Swift Event. Mr Loh and his witness, Mr Tan WL, were unable to name a
single athlete who attended the Swift Event and identify them, despite them
occupying a conspicuous part of the Toa Payoh Stadium where athletes reported
for their events. Neither of them had seemed aware of a spell of rain in the
late afternoon to early evening of 10 March 2013 which was indicated by the
meteorological reports. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

GD at [332], p 213.

(c) In relation to Mr Loh’s alibi for 15 March 2013, the District Judge
rejected Mr Loh’s alibi because of inconsistencies between Mr Loh’s testimony
and that of Ms Jayalaxmi and Ms Amirah regarding the nature of the training
that day. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

GD at [332], p 214.

Neither Ms Jayalaxmi’s attendance record, nor Mr Loh’s payment form, included
15 March 2013 as a training date. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

GD at [391].

The District Judge believed the Prosecution’s rebuttal witness, Mr Daryl Chan
(“Mr Chan”), a track teacher at CHIJ Toa Payoh, who testified that there was
no official training for track athletes on 15 March 2013 because Friday
trainings had been replaced by Tuesday trainings for the entire first quarter
of 2013. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

GD at [332], p 214.

The District Judge disbelieved Mr Terry Tan’s testimony because he found it
unreasonable and irrational for Mr Terry Tan to make a circuitous trip to pick
Mr Loh from Bishan Stadium to discuss a simple problem which they could have
discussed over phone or text. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

GD at [332], p 215.

17 The District Judge went on to find that Mr Loh’s alibi accounts on 10 March
2013 and 15 March 2013 were “Lucas Lies” (see Regina v Lucas (Ruth) [1981] 3
WLR 120 (“Lucas”)) which further corroborated the Prosecution’s case.

18 Lastly, the District Judge also found that Mr Loh’s act of gathering
photographs he took with Ms C and Ms W before he met the police on 2 August
2016 for his statement to be recorded suggested that he knew the identities of
both his accusers even prior to the meeting. This was therefore indicative of
his guilty conscience. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

GD at [258].

In this connection, the District Judge rejected Mr Loh’s explanation that IO
Goh Teck Heng (“IO Goh”) revealed the names of the complainant to him in a
phone call on 31 July 2016, reasoning it was implausible for an experienced
investigation officer of 28 years’ standing to have made such a fundamental
error as to reveal the names of the victims of sexual offences to a suspect.
57

##### Foot Note 57

×

GD at [268].

19 In relation to sentencing, the District Judge applied the sentencing
framework laid down by the High Court in Kunasekaran s/o Kalimuthu Somasundara
v Public Prosecutor [2018] 4 SLR 580 (“Kunasekaran”) and held that both
offences fell within Band 2 of Kunasekaran, the indicative sentencing range of
which would be five to 15 months’ imprisonment. The first charge fell within
the moderate end of Band 2 because of the shorter duration of contact, whereas
the second charge fell within the extreme end of Band 2 given the longer
duration of the contact and the pressure Mr Loh applied on Ms C’s vagina which
caused Ms C to have experienced the involuntary orgasm. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

GD at [449].

20 On 4 June 2021, Mr Loh filed HC/CM 54/2021 to adduce fresh evidence
consisting of a statutory declaration from Ms Amelia Monteiro (“Ms Monteiro”)
dated 21 Oct 2020, testifying that she was with Mr Loh at Choa Chu Kang
stadium on 31 July 2016 and that she overheard the police informing Mr Loh of
the names of the complainants over the phone. I remitted the matter to the
District Judge to take additional evidence on, inter alia, the timing of the
race Ms Monteiro participated in on 31 July 2016 and what Ms Monteiro heard Mr
Loh say in the purported phone call.

21 On 9 February 2022, the District Judge found that the additional evidence
had no effect on Mr Loh’s guilty verdict. In the Remittal Findings, he found
Ms Monteiro’s testimony to be unreliable because of her inconsistencies with
Mr Loh’s testimony as to the number of calls from IO Goh and the exact words
said by IO Goh during the calls. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Supplementary Record of Appeal (“Supp ROP”) at p 369, Grounds of Decision
(Findings of Remittal Hearing) (“Remittal Findings”) at [29]; p 378, Remittal
Findings at [43].

He also found Ms Monteiro’s evidence to be classic hearsay and held that it is
a “massive leap of conjecture” for Ms Monteiro to conclude that the caller was
a police officer who had uttered the names of the complainants. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Supp ROP at p 388, Remittal Findings at [59].

The parties’ cases on appeal

The appellant’s arguments

22 In his appeal against the conviction for both charges, Mr Loh challenges
the credibility of Ms C’s testimony on the grounds that:

(a) Ms C could not remember, inter alia, the timings of the alleged individual
training sessions and how the sessions were arranged;

(b) for the first charge, Ms C was unsure whether the alleged contact with her
vagina was accidental and she had suspected that it might be because Mr Loh
was “so old and big and clumsy”; 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Appellant’s Case (“AC”) at para 17.

(c) Ms C was flippant in her testimony on the exact part of her vagina that Mr
Loh allegedly touched for the second charge; 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ROP at pp 1024 to 1026.

(d) the descriptions of both alleged incidents of molest are anatomically
awkward, if not downright impossible; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AC at para 51.

(e) Ms C’s apparent normalcy and delay in reporting after the alleged
incidents were inconsistent with that of a victim of molest; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AC at para 67.

(f) The near-contemporaneous communications with her friends were inaccurate,
and show Ms C to be prone to exaggeration; and

(g) Ms C’s testimony is inconsistent with that of the other witnesses. This is
especially when Ms C testified that she had informed her mother that she felt
uncomfortable with Mr Loh’s massage after the incident in the first charge,
but both her parents testified that they were only made aware of the
allegation of molest after Ms C made the police report. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AC at para 136 to 137.

23 Mr Loh argues that the District Judge had applied the wrong standard of
proof in holding that “the burden is on the defence to establish an alibi on a
balance of probabilities”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AC at para 25.

He relies on the cases of Ramakrishnan s/o Ramayan v Public Prosecutor [1998]
SGHC 273 (“Ramakrishnan”) and Syed Abdul Aziz v PP [1993] 3 SLR(R) 1 (“Syed
Abdul Aziz”) and argues that the burden of proving his alibi is only an
evidential burden on the defence and all that the defence has to do is to
raise a reasonable doubt.

24 Mr Loh further argues that the District Judge erred in rejecting his
alibis:

(a) In relation to his alibi on 24 February 2013, Mr Loh argues that the
District Judge was too quick in disbelieving his brother’s testimony that he
borrowed a jacket from Mr Loh on Chap Goh Meh, especially when his brother’s
testimony is corroborated by his wife. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AC at para 40 to 42.

(b) In relation to his alibi on 15 March 2013, Mr Loh argues that the District
Judge was too quick to reject Ms Jayalaxmi’s and Ms Amirah’s testimony merely
because the attendance records did not show any training on 15 March 2013,
since both witnesses have testified that it was “light training” which may not
have been recorded. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AC at paras 86 and 88.

Mr Loh also argues that it is unfair and unsafe for the District Judge to
dismiss Mr Terry Tan’s testimony simply because Mr Terry Tan took a circuitous
journey to Bishan Stadium to discuss an issue with Mr Loh. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AC at para 102.

(c) In relation to his alibi on 10 March 2013, Mr Loh argues that the District
Judge should not have disbelieved Mr Tan WL’s testimony merely because of
minor inconsistencies such as the weather on the day, especially when Mr Tan
WL had a good recollection of what transpired that day. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AC at para 218.

25 Mr Loh further argues that even if the District Judge disbelieved the
testimonies of the alibi witnesses, he should not have found that Mr Loh’s
alibis constituted Lucas Lies given that there was no specific finding that
any of the witnesses were lying. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AC at para 81.

26 Mr Loh also contends that District Judge erred in drawing inferences about
Mr Loh’s guilty conscience from his knowledge of the complainants’ identities
and the proximate dates of the offences before he met the police on 2 August
2016. He argues that the District Judge should not have rejected the testimony
of Ms Monteiro for minor inconsistencies.

27 Mr Loh further argues that the Prosecution has breached its disclosure duty
under Muhammad bin Kadar v PP [2011] 4 SLR 1205 (“Kadar”) and Muhammad Nabill
bin Mohd Faud [2020] SGCA 25 (“Nabill”), in failing to disclose (a) Ms C’s
statements to the police; and (b) Ms Eng’s other statements to the police.

28 To round up, Mr Loh argues that at the end of the day there is a “very real
possibility that this may have been a case of a mistaken impression by [Ms C],
which she had gradually built up over time with the echo chamber that was her
private discussions with her personal friends.” This has not been considered
by the District Judge. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AC at para 10.

29 In relation to his appeal against sentence, Mr Loh argues that the first
charge should have been placed at the lowest end of Band 2 and the second
charge should have fallen within the lower to middle end of Band 2, reasoning
that (a) there was no skin-to-skin contact for both offences; (b) there was no
evidence that Ms C suffered from emotional trauma; (c) Ms C was not a minor
and should not be considered a vulnerable victim; and (d) there was no
premeditation or deception by Mr Loh. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AC at para 257.

He also argued that insufficient weight has been given to the mitigating
factors, such as his lifelong contributions to the athletics scene in
Singapore and to the Singapore Prison Service. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AC at para 286.

30 Based on the above, he submits for a sentence of five months’ imprisonment
for the first charge, and seven to ten months’ imprisonment for the second
charge. He asks for the sentences to be ordered to run concurrently, giving a
global sentence of between seven to ten months’ imprisonment. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AC at paras 283 and 284.

The Prosecution’s arguments

31 The Prosecution argues that the District Judge is correct in assessing Ms C
to be an unusually convincing witness. He based this on “the strength of her
testimony, when analysed with the supporting evidence, as well as the case
presented by the defence, within the factual matrix of the case.” 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Respondent’s Case (“RC”) at para 53; GD at [134]

32 The Prosecution argues that Ms C’s evidence was internally consistent, even
after extensive cross-examination. She had provided compelling and detailed
evidence of both incidents, which showed a logical progression and testing of
boundaries by Mr Loh. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

RC at paras 55 and 56.

Ms C’s change in position concerning the date of the second charge does not
dent her internal consistency. The Prosecution refers to the case of Tay Wee
Kiat and another v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 4 SLR 1315 in
which the court held that the victim’s mistake in the date alone is
insufficient to dent her internal consistency, given that the trial occurred
some four years later after the alleged incidents of abuse. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

RC at para 64.

33 The Prosecution further argues that Ms C’s post-incident conduct, ie, her
apparent normalcy and delay in reporting to the police, is reasonable and
coheres with her testimony that she had great difficulty processing and coming
to terms with Mr Loh’s actions, and that she was angry and upset at him for
what he had done to her. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

RC at para 69.

The delay in reporting, submits the Prosecution, has been reasonably
explained. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

RC at para 73.

34 Further, Ms C’s testimony was supported by an abundance of near-
contemporaneous text messages, twitter posts, and witnesses. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

RC at para 74.

In particular, the District Judge was right to observe that the Whatsapp
messages with Ms W and Mr A could not have been fabricated in 2013 only for
her to wait three years to make allegations against Mr Loh. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

RC at para 78.

35 The Prosecution also submits that the District Judge is correct to reject
Mr Loh’s alibi defences and that the burden of proof falls on a defendant to
prove the defence of alibi on a balance of probabilities under s 105 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”). 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

RC at para 110.

The Prosecution further submits that even on the lower threshold of reasonable
doubt, Mr Loh has not adduced sufficient evidence to raise a reasonable doubt
that he was not at Tampines Stadium at the material time of the offences. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

RC at para 111.

36 The Prosecution further argues that the District Judge was correct in
rejecting Ms Monteiro’s evidence given that (a) the timing of the IO Goh’s
call and the timing of her morning race makes it impossible for her to have
been with Mr Loh at the material time; 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Respondent’s Further Submissions (“RFS”) at para 16.

and (b) her testimony is contradicted by Mr Loh’s testimony.

37 The Prosecution finally argues that it did not breach any of its disclosure
obligations under Nabill and Kadar.

38 Turning to sentencing, the Prosecution argues that the individual and
global sentence are appropriate.

Issues on appeal

39 Based on the parties’ submissions, in relation to conviction, these are the
main issues that arise for my determination:

(a) Whether the District Judge erred in accepting Ms C’s testimony (“Issue
1”);

(b) Whether the District Judge erred in rejecting Mr Loh’s alibi defence on a
balance of probabilities and in finding that Mr Loh’s accounts of the events
of 10 March 2013 and 15 March 2013 amounted to “Lucas Lies” (“Issue 2”);

(c) Whether the District Judge erred in drawing inferences of Mr Loh’s guilty
conscience based on his conduct of gathering photographs of Ms C and Ms W
before meeting the police on 2 August 2016 (“Issue 3”);

(d) Whether the District Judge erred in finding that Ms C is an unusually
convincing witness (“Issue 4”); and

(e) Whether the Prosecution has failed to comply with its disclosure
obligations under Kadar and Nabil (“Issue 5”).

The appellate court’s role

40 Apart from Issue 3 which involves legal arguments on the burden and
standard of proof for an alibi defence, the appeal essentially challenges the
District Judge’s factual findings. I begin by affirming the well-established
position that in assessing findings of facts made by a trial judge, an
appellate court’s role is limited. Where the appellant seeks to appeal against
a finding of fact that hinges on the trial judge’s assessment of the
credibility and veracity of witnesses based on the demeanour of witnesses, the
appellate court would intervene only if the finding of fact can be shown to be
plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence. An appellate court may
also intervene if after taking into account all the advantages available to
the trial judge, it concludes that the verdict is wrong in law and therefore
unreasonable: ADF v Public Prosecutor [2010] 1 SLR 874 (“ADF”) at [16(a)].
However, where a finding of fact by the trial judge is based on inferences
drawn from the internal consistency (or lack thereof) in the content of the
witnesses’ testimony or the external consistency between the content of their
testimony and the extrinsic evidence, the appellate court is in as good a
position as the trial court to assess the veracity of the witnesses’ evidence
(ADF at [16(b)]).

Issue 1: Whether the District Judge erred in accepting Ms C’s evidence

Analysis of Ms C’s evidence for the first charge

41 I turn to analyse Ms C’s evidence on the substance of the first charge,
being her description of the alleged massage on 24 February 2013. Ms C
described that Mr Loh started massaging her calves, after which he moved up to
her thighs and that “his hand would unnecessarily go so high up and his thumb
was just touching there multiple times [emphasis added]”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

ROP at p 199, lines 17-22.

When asked to identify more precisely which part of her body Mr Loh came into
contact with, Ms C responded, “My vagina. But isn’t it the correct --- it’s
not the correct term?” Then, she further said, “It’s like the part in between
my legs”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

ROP at 200, lines 2 to 6.

Ms C then explained that Mr Loh would repeat the process of moving from the
bottom of her thigh to the top of her thigh and that “somehow, his thumb had
to just ... be in contact... as though it was an accidental part of the
massage”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

ROP at p 201, lines 12-15.

The brief contact was described as “touch-and-move” and “brush and then rub”,
and Ms C said she felt the contact around five times. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

ROP at p 202, lines 3 to 5.

42 My first observation is that Ms C was hesitant about using the word
“vagina”. When she did, she used it quite imprecisely to refer to a “part in
between the legs”. From her vague answers, it appears unclear whether Ms C’s
complaint related to specific contact with the vaginal area, or any other part
in between her legs. In this connection, I note that the first charge states
that the contact is on the “vulva region”. Therefore, it is not the
Prosecution’s case that there was any intrusion into the vagina. That said,
based on Ms C’s use of “vagina” in relation to the “part in between [her]
legs”, I proceed on the basis that the claimed contact was at the vulva region
as particularised in the first charge. However, this problem with the
identification of where she was touched also arose again in relation to the
second charge, and I shall return to discuss this aspect at [74] below.

43 Despite claiming that she felt the contact around five times, Ms C was
unsure whether the alleged contact was merely an “accidental part of the
massage” 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

ROP p 200, lines 23-32.

. This is surprising. Ms C said she had suspected that it might be because Mr
Loh is “so old and big and clumsy”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

ROP p 201, lines 12-15.

I am mindful that Ms C’s perception of whether the contact was accidental is
not wholly determinative of whether Mr Loh had intentionally touched Ms C at
the vaginal area, and whether he did so knowing it to be likely that he would
outrage her modesty. However, Ms C’s testimony is the only direct evidence
upon which the Prosecution had relied on to establish the first charge. The
fact that even Ms C could not be certain as to whether Mr Loh had touched her
accidentally is cause for caution. The question is whether the elements of the
first charge can be safely inferred from Ms C’s narrative.

44 One possible inference from Ms C’s narrative is that Mr Loh intentionally
touched her at the vaginal area under the guise of giving her a massage.
However, an equally plausible inference is that Mr Loh was genuinely massaging
Ms C’s legs but accidentally brushed against Ms C at the vaginal area when he
was massaging Ms C’s thighs. The latter inference is not an unreasonable one
and is consistent with the manner of the massage as described by Ms C. Ms C
testified that Mr Loh was pressing his fingers on her thighs and moving his
hands from the bottom to the top of her thighs. In so doing, it is possible
that his thumb could have accidentally come into brief contact with Ms C’s
vaginal area, particularly when his hands were massaging Ms C’s upper thighs.
This is consistent with Ms C’s testimony that only his thumb came into contact
with her vaginal area, while the rest of his fingers remained on her thighs.
92

##### Foot Note 92

×

ROP at p 201, lines 1 to 10.

The repeated motion of the massage (ie from the bottom to the top of Ms C’s
thighs) could have also explained the repetitive brief contact with Ms C’s
vaginal area. It bears reminding that it is a little unclear from Ms C’s
evidence which part in between her legs she was touched. I should also add
that the massage took place over tights which Ms C was wearing. As discussed
at [78] below, the “stretchable fabric” might have resulted in Ms C’s
impression of pressure being applied at the vaginal area.

45 With two equally reasonable inferences that can be drawn from Ms C’s
description of the incident, with respect, the District Judge’s reliance on Ms
C’s testimony in support of the first charge is of concern. As I will go on to
elaborate, the difficulties I have with Ms C’s testimony are further
exacerbated by the numerous inconsistencies between Ms C’s testimony and her
contemporaneous communications with Ms W, Ms Eng and Mr A, as well as her
parents’ testimonies.

Inconsistencies between Ms C’s testimony and the contemporaneous
communications

46 Contrary to the District Judge’s finding at [14] above, I am of the view
that Ms C’s near-contemporaneous communications with Ms W, Mr Ang and Ms Eng
do not support Ms C’s testimony that she was molested on 24 February 2013.
Indeed, at most, these communications seem to relate to the second charge
rather than the first charge.

47 First, in relation to Ms C’s WhatsApp message to Ms W (see [14(a)] above),
the date of the WhatsApp message is 17 March 2013, which is two days after the
date of alleged offence in the second charge (ie, 15 March 2013). As a matter
of chronology, it is unclear whether Ms C’s complaint to Ms W was made with
specific reference to Mr Loh’s actions in relation to the first charge. The
timing of her message suggests that it would have been made in relation to the
second incident. As an aside, I note that the original date for the second
charge was 17 March 2013, and this message would have been even more closely
tied to that occasion. Moreover, the content of her message, ie, “I rily [sic]
don’t like it when he massages, feels like he’s molesting me or smth, kept
rubbing my groin”, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

GD at [31].

is ambiguous. There is no clear reference in her message to Ms W that supports
her testimony that she was describing an earlier occasion of molest.

48 Second, turning to Ms C’s text conversation with Mr A, her good friend and
senior in junior college, on 30 March 2013, the context of the conversation
was that Mr A had earlier revealed to Ms C that he was planning to “come out”
about his homosexual orientation. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

GD at [34].

Ms C felt a reciprocal desire to share about something she had been keeping
from him 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

GD at [34].

and therefore told Mr A “I think Mr. Loh molested me, idk ... Like I asked [Ms
W] and she said that she felt the same thing but she didn’t tell anyone”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

GD at [34].

When Mr A inquired more about Mr Loh’s acts of molestation, Ms C said “it’s
always like in a room alone, then I told him to stop but he went like just
relax”, and that Mr Loh “kept rubbing [her] groin until [she] got that weird
feeling. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

ROP at p 3553.

Mr A then encouraged Ms C to confront the matter, to which she replied “I
wanted to tell [Ms Eng] but I nvr got to see her then quite weird to tell her
that her coach’s like sick ... I won’t dare ... I’m gna be another [Ms W]”. Mr
A then sought to convince Ms C to inform Ms Eng and said “[d]o it, or I’ll ask
for you”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

GD at [37].

49 Ms C’s description of the molest to Mr A, that it occurred in a room and
that he kept rubbing her groin until she “got that weird feeling”, were clear
references to the allegations in the second charge rather than in the first
charge. It does not support Ms C’s testimony in relation to the first charge
in which she alleged that Mr Loh molested her in a public area beside the
spectator’s stand, in a “touch-and-move” and “brush and rub” manner. For
completeness, Ms C mentioned to Mr A that “it’s always like in a room alone”
and that “it kinda got worse, like first few times he just touched”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

ROP at p 3555.

Admittedly, these messages appear to refer to previous acts of molest.
However, the messages suggest that any previous act of molest happened in a
room while she was alone with Mr Loh. The messages do not gel with the
evidence she gave in respect of the first charge.

50 Furthermore, the insinuation from these messages is that Mr Loh had
molested Ms C on many previous occasions, and that it was a pattern for Mr Loh
to molest her while she was alone in a room with him. These aspects are
inconsistent with Ms C’s testimony that she was molested on only two
occasions, one of which occurred in the equipment room. As will be seen below,
Ms C’s communications tended not to be consistent with her testimony
(including her account for the second charge). I am mindful that the informal
communications between friends should be considered in context, and to allow
for a degree of inconsistencies within Ms C’s testimony. However,
foreshadowing what is to come, in my view, a line has been crossed, and the
internal inconsistencies and problematic aspects of her evidence as revealed
by these messages tip Ms C’s testimony into the unsatisfactory realm.

51 Reading Ms C and Mr A’s communications in totality, I agree with Mr Loh
that after Mr A shared with Ms C that he was homosexual, it appears that Ms C
was prompted to reciprocate and share an equally important secret. She may
have then exaggerated her discomfort over Mr Loh’s massages and accentuated
her vulnerability in an attempt to match the weight of Mr A’s secret. This
context undermines the reliability of the contents of the communications with
Mr A.

52 I turn to Ms C’s communications with Ms Eng on 2 June 2016. Again, I first
set out the context of this set of communications. After Ms C’s exchange with
Mr A on 30 March 2013, Ms C testified that she was taken by surprise when Ms
Eng approached her at the National Schools Championship 2013 and queried “[Mr
A] says you have something to tell me”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

GD at [41].

She told Ms Eng that “Mr Loh massaged me until I [felt] very uncomfortable”.
101

##### Foot Note 101

×

ROP at p 260, lines 22 to 23.

When Ms Eng enquired when this had happened, Ms C says she told Ms Eng
“whenever I train with him alone”. When Ms Eng asked about where Mr Loh
touched her, Ms C said “well, my legs” and did not give any more explicit
details. Ms C said that Ms Eng defended Mr Loh and suggested that the contact
had likely been “not on purpose” and that maybe it was because Mr Loh was “so
old that he doesn’t understand what the comfort level of a massage should be”.
102

##### Foot Note 102

×

ROP at p 260, lines 24 to 31.

Ms C did not proceed to disclosure further details on that occasion as she
perceived Ms Eng’s apparent defensiveness in issues relating to Mr Loh and
because of the long-shared personal history between the two. However, it is
worth highlighting that in March 2013, despite being asked specifically about
the matter by Ms Eng, Ms C did not disclose any contact by Mr Loh at the
vaginal area. Instead, she spoke only about being uncomfortable with the
massages on her legs, which would be consistent with Mr Loh’s version of
having given “rub down” sessions to her.

53 Three years later, on 2 June 2016, at 3.52pm, Ms C texted Ms Eng to give a
more detailed account of what had transpired because she was concerned that a
new batch of promising female trainees would be sent to Mr Loh for training.
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

ROP at p 3528.

An extract of the parties’ exchange is set out below:  

Ms C: Hi [M]s eng, can I be rily [sic] honest w you. [Remember] last time I
told you [M]r Loh massaged me and made me uncomfortable, I didn’t rily [sic]
tell you what exactly happened. He kinda made me train individually with him
on three occasions and kept massaging me further and further up my thighs, in
this equipment room behind the spectator stands and eventually he rubbed me
down there. And I was scared and I didn’t know what to do and I said stop but
he just told me to relax. And I tried closing my thighs tight but he kept
rubbing me until I came and I didn’t know what an orgasm was and how wrong it
was until [Mr A] tried explaining to me and told me to quit. I think I just
spent rily [sic] long crying and feeling very dirty but when I tried to
explain to you that time I didn’t dare say it. I told [Ms W] what had happened
and she told me he did the same to her too when she continued training with
him after graduating from [name of school] but she just tried to forget about
it. That’s kinda why I stopped running and she stopped training under him, I’m
scared you’ll send the juniors to train under him when they graduate so just
letting you know.

Ms Eng: Thanks for telling me... [m]ust have taken you a lot to tell me all
this ... I am so sorry that I put you through this ... Did he actually remove
any clothing? And also, what happened after he did it? Did he ask any
questions also? Which stadium was this?

Ms C: Cos I just shared it with a few of my friends [yesterday] and when you
came I realized the juniors now are rlly [sic] good and you might send them to
him. I didn’t want to tell you cos I know how much you respect him. I treated
him like a dad too. And no it’s rlly [sic] not your fault atll [sic]! He was
good at track but maybe not so much as a person. He didn’t remove anything, I
was wearing tights.

Ms Eng: I’m so so so sorry.

Ms C: The first time he massaged my calves, the second time my upper thighs
and the third time it went there. And I didn’t know I was orgasmingg [sic] so
my body kept moving and it was so weird and I tried to hold everything in
until he stopped.

[emphasis added]

54 As evident from the above, Ms C’s main complaint to Ms Eng clearly
pertained to the allegations in the second charge, and not the first charge.
Indeed, a closer reading of Ms C’s last message in the exchange above suggests
that Mr Loh massaged her calves on the first individual training, her upper
thighs on the second individual training (presumably when the alleged first
offence occurred) and only touched her vaginal area on the last training.
These occasions occurred in the equipment room. On that score, her account of
the first incident to Ms Eng also differed materially from that alleged in the
first charge as to where Mr Loh touched her, and where it took place. I should
also point out that in this exchange, Ms C spoke of three and not four
individual training sessions with Mr Loh. The inconsistency in relation to the
number of individual training sessions is one which I shall return to below at
[66].

55 Notwithstanding the numerous inconsistencies between Ms C’s testimony and
her communications with Ms W, Mr A and Ms Eng as highlighted above, the
District Judge relied on these communications in accepting Ms C’s testimony
for the first charge. In my view, such reliance is wholly misplaced. For the
reasons mentioned above, I am of the view that contrary to the District
Judge’s analysis, an analysis of Ms C’s communications with Ms W, Mr A and Ms
Eng about Mr Loh’s conduct do not actually lend support to Ms C’s account of
the first charge. In fact, to some extent, they undermine the cogency of her
evidence.

Inconsistencies between Ms C’s testimony and her parents’ testimony

56 Next, I am deeply troubled by the contradiction of Ms C’s evidence by her
parents. Ms C testified that after the second individual training, she
informed her mother that Mr Loh massaged her during their individual training
sessions which made her uncomfortable. Ms C further testified that her mother
then asked Ms C’s father to accompany her to the alleged third individual
training session. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

ROP at pp 204 to 205.

However, these aspects of her testimony were flatly contradicted by both her
parents’ testimonies.

57 Ms C’s father testified he brought Ms C to training for the alleged third
individual training session because it was raining, and it was an opportunity
for him to meet Mr Loh. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

ROP at p 51.

He further stated that it was not because his wife had asked him to do so
after Ms C expressed discomfort. Ms C’s father also testified that he only
knew about the allegation of molest after Ms C made the police report in 2016.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

ROP at p 62.

58 Similarly, Ms C’s mother testified that she did not know about any
allegation of molest until the night before Ms C made the police report in
2016. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

ROP at p 107.

She says that she remembered the incident where Ms C had asked her father to
accompany her to the tracks, but did not know why Ms C wanted her father to
send her. She further testified that Ms C did not say anything else to her.
Had she known about the alleged molest, she would have lodged a complaint
then, and would not have waited until years later to bring up this case. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

ROP at p 116.

59 Given that both Ms C’s parents testified that they only knew about the
allegations of molest before Ms C made the police report in 2016, I am of the
view that Ms C’s evidence that she informed her parents about her discomfort
with Mr Loh’s massage after the alleged molest in the first charge is
unreliable. Had she truly complained to her parents about her discomfort with
Mr Loh’s massage on 24 February 2013, it is highly unlikely that both her
parents would forget about such a significant complaint. This also bolstered
my view that there is no contemporaneous evidence supporting Ms C’s allegation
that the alleged molest in the first charge had occurred.

60 I turn to the District Judge’s treatment of the parents’ evidence. The
District Judge did not fault Ms C’s mother for her inability to remember Ms
C’s complaints of her discomfort with Mr Loh’s massages, given the effluxion
of time between February 2013 and July 2016. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

GD at [70].

Furthermore, the District Judge found that the inconsistencies between Ms C’s
testimony and that of her parents showed that all three family members gave
their testimonies independently and eschewed from colluding to render accounts
of a “picture-perfect” consistency. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

GD at [70].

In other words, without discounting Ms C’s evidence on these aspects, the
District Judge also forgave the parents’ fallibility in recall. I digress to
remark that unfortunately, in my view, the same leniency has not been extended
to many of the Defence witnesses’ evidence on account of the lapse of time.
For now, the point to be made is that, had Ms C informed them of her
complaint, it is highly unlikely that both parents would have completely
forgotten about it. This is especially so when Ms C’s mother testified that
she would have lodged the complaint years ago had she known about the alleged
molest, which demonstrated how seriously Ms C’s mother would have taken issues
pertaining to an outrage of her daughter’s modesty. It seems to me that these
are material inconsistencies between the evidence of Ms C, and the testimonies
of her parents. Not only do these material inconsistencies affect Ms C’s
evidence on the first charge, they also taint her evidence on the second
charge. In other words, they affected her overall credibility.

Ms C’s omission to mention the incident in the first charge in the first
information report

61 Moving on, I note that even when Ms C made her complaint to the police in
2016, she did not mention the incident in the first charge at all. The FIR
provided that “on the above mentioned date, time and location, my modesty was
being outraged”. The date and time of incident was stated to be “01/03/2013
18:00”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

ROP at p 3581.

Ms C has admitted in cross-examination that this incident referred to that in
the second charge which occurred during the fourth individual training
session. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

ROP at p 502, lines 13-18.

The matters in the first charge were raised later.

Failure to recall other details of the first charge

62 Finally, I note that Ms C was also unable to recount several details of the
alleged individual training on 24 February 2013. In particular, she could not
remember (a) how the individual training was arranged by Mr Loh, (b) whether
the training session occurred in the morning or the evening; and (c) whether
there had been other individuals present in the stadium. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

GD at [17] to [22].

Despite the frequency of the group training sessions, it is noteworthy that it
was Ms C’s position that there were only four individual training sessions.
While I agree with the Prosecution that given the passage of time, certain
leeway should be given to Ms C for not being able to pinpoint the precise date
and time of the individual training sessions, the lack of specificity is still
relevant in an assessment of Ms C’s testimony.

Conclusion on the first charge

63 To sum up, not only does Ms C’s account suffer from the lack of specificity
on the details of the training on 24 February 2013, it also contains a crucial
concession that she did not know if Mr Loh’s contact with the vaginal area was
an “accidental part of the massage”. In fact, Ms C was not entirely clear
where she was touched. Also, Ms C did not specifically raise the incident with
Ms W, Mr A or Ms Eng. Indeed, her own messages to them are inconsistent with
her account. Ms C claimed to have expressed her discomfort to her parents, and
that was why her father accompanied her to the third training session.
However, her testimony is not supported by either of her parents. Even if I
were to take Ms C’s evidence at its highest, there remains a reasonable doubt
as to whether Mr Loh had intentionally touched Ms C at the vulva region over
her tights, knowing it to be likely that he would outrage Ms C’s modesty.
Therefore, it is plainly wrong for the District Judge to rely on her account
to convict Mr Loh of the first charge.

Analysis of Ms C’s evidence for the second charge

64 Unlike the first charge, if Ms C’s account for the second charge were to be
accepted, there is no difficulty inferring that the elements under s 354(1) of
the Penal Code are established. This is because Ms C testified that Mr Loh’s
thumb pressed into her vagina over her tights and continued to rub the area,
despite her asking him to stop. However, as I will elaborate below, Ms C’s
testimony for the second charge is rife with inherent difficulties, including
(a) her change in position in relation to the date of the charge; (b) her
inability to recall important details of the second charge; and (c) her
conduct after the occurrence of the alleged event.

Ms C’s change in position on the date of the second charge

65 Initially, Ms C claimed that the second charge occurred on Sunday, 17 March
2013. On the fifth day of trial, Ms C changed her testimony and claimed that
the second charge occurred on Friday, 15 March 2013. The District Judge
readily accepted Ms C’s explanation that she had erroneously deduced the date
of the second charge based on the dates of her WhatsApp chats with Ms W and Mr
A. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

GD at [128].

While a victim’s inability to specify precise dates and times is not
necessarily fatal to the Prosecution’s case (Tay Wee Kiat at [32]), I am of
the view that in this case, how Ms C came to change her position during the
trial, and the impact of this change in date on the other aspects of her
evidence, shake her credibility. I elaborate.

66 Originally, Ms C’s firm position was that all the individual training
sessions held by Mr Loh were on Sundays because Sundays were the only days
when the trainees had no group training. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

ROP at p 179, line 30; ROP at p 571.

Also, Ms C testified that she was able to identify the date of the second
charge as 17 March 2013 with “great accuracy” because she remembered sharing
with Ms W about her discomfort “on that day itself”. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

ROP at p 242, lines 22-32.

She also testified that “[she] know[s] there was not one training where [she]
was the only one feeling so sicked out by him and not mention it to anyone
because [she] knew immediately … Because [she] immediately told [Ms W]”
[emphasis added]. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

ROP at p 243, lines 3-7.

She also testified that “[she] spent the day trying to convince herself, to
pretend like nothing happened” before she told Ms W that night, ie, the night
of 17 March 2013. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

ROP at p 246, lines 26-28.

67 Unfortunately, the “about-turn” came about after Mr Loh adduced evidence
that he was involved in the SPH Schools Relay over the weekend of 16 to 17
March 2013. Such evidence meant that he could not have given Ms C any
individual training session on 17 March 2013.

68 Ms C’s change in date from 17 March 2013 to 15 March 2013 meant that she
would have spent three whole days keeping the matter to herself, which
contradicted her testimony that she “knew immediately” and “immediately told
[Ms W]” that night. Considering Ms C’s initial position that the second charge
occurred on 17 March 2013 and her explanation that she informed Ms W
immediately that night, it appears to me that at the very least, Ms C had
exaggerated her certainty of the date of the second charge and embellished her
initial evidence to present a more persuasive case against Mr Loh.

69 The change of the date meant that the fourth alleged individual training
occurred on a Friday instead of a Sunday. After the change of date for the
second charge, Ms C conceded she could no longer be sure if all the individual
training days fell on Sundays. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

ROP at p 571.

This cast some doubt over whether any individual training session took place
at all, as there were usually group training sessions on all the other days of
the week.

70 Further, this change in position is also material because unlike the
routine group training sessions, there were purportedly only four individual
training sessions. These should have stood out in her training schedule. As I
pointed out above at [54], her evidence with regards these individual training
sessions is also weakened by the WhatsApp message to Ms Eng (see [14(c)] and
[53] above), in which she spoke of only three (and not four) individual
training sessions with Mr Loh. I also refer to my discussion at [114] below,
where the Whatsapp messages exchanged with Mr Toh cast some doubt whether Mr
Loh invited her for individual training sessions as she claimed (see [6]
above).

71 Based on all these circumstances, Ms C’s change in position as to the date
of the second charge cannot be regarded lightly. Certainly, it should not be
considered as a mere error of recollection, and the District Judge had been
overly lenient in disregarding this shift in her testimony.

Unsatisfactory aspects of Ms C’s account

72 Having reviewed Ms C’s evidence, I also find Ms C’s recollection of the
second charge to be fragmented and incomplete. On one hand, Ms C seems to be
able to recall, in remarkable detail, the chronology of the events on 15 March
2013 and her surroundings during the alleged offence. She testified that Mr
Loh insisted on giving her a massage, and led her to an equipment room to do
so. They had to pass through two doors and an office before getting there. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

ROP at p 236, lines 24-33.

She provided a vivid description of the equipment room, saying that she saw a
massage bed that was wide enough for one person, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

ROP at p 227, lines 20-22.

and cages for balls and equipment on the left side of the room. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

ROP at p 223, lines 18-30.

She further testified that her legs were facing the door and her head was
facing a wall about three to four metres away, 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

ROP at p 227, lines 10-32.

with a wall also on the right side about two metres away, 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

ROP at p 228, lines 20-23.

and cages and equipment on the left side about three to four metres away. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

ROP at p 228, line 27 to p 229, line 24.

73 In view of Ms C’s allegation in the first charge, Ms C’s version that Mr
Loh was able to persuade her to proceed with him to the equipment room for a
massage in a private area is not, in my view, entirely persuasive. Be that as
it may, more importantly, I am troubled by Ms C’s inability to recall other
crucial facts in relation to the incident, including the act of molest itself.
Not only was Ms C unable to remember (a) the time of the training for the
second charge; (b) whether she went to the training after work; and (c) her
mode of transport to the training, she was unable to even remember whether the
training was in the morning or evening. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

ROP at pp 220-221.

At first, she testified that she went with Mr Loh for dinner at Han’s after
the training but subsequently said that “[she] really could not remember
whether it was lunch or dinner”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

ROP at p 231, lines 19-21

Given that Ms C had based her recollection off “mental images”, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

ROP at p 328, lines 23-32

one would expect her to be at least able to recall whether the sky was bright
or dark when she went for a meal with Mr Loh after the alleged offence. It was
not until well into cross-examination that she stated that it should have been
around 7.30pm – when the sky was getting dark – that they went out for dinner.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

ROP at p 1053 lines 25 – 32.

74 More importantly, I was disturbed by Ms C’s inability to describe where
exactly she was touched by Mr Loh. In her examination-in-chief, she referred
to the “vagina”, and explained that it was the part in between her thighs and
her groin (see [7(d)] above). Once again, like the first charge, it is not the
Prosecution’s case that there was any intrusion into the vagina. Like the
first charge, the second charge concerns contact with the vulva region over
her tights (see [42] above).

75 Returning to Ms C’s evidence, even when she was given a doll to demonstrate
the exact part of her vagina that she claimed Mr Loh touched, she was unable
to point to the exact part she was touched. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

ROP pp 1020-1021

When asked whether Mr Loh’s thumbs reached the opening of her vagina, her
response was “[m]ost likely, yes” and that “until now, [she] also don’t know”.
131

##### Foot Note 131

×

ROP at p 1024, lines 5 to 14

When pressed further on whether the thumb reached her clitoris, her answer was
“it must have reached” and “or shall I just say yes, it did reach”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

ROP at p 1026, lines 6 to 14.

Her qualified answers suggest that she was unsure about where exactly Mr Loh
touched her, even though she testified that Mr Loh touched her vagina for 10
to 15 seconds on this occasion and caused her to experience an involuntary
orgasm. In this regard, I should add that Ms C’s inaccurate references to
being touched on the “groin” in WhatsApp messages with Ms W and Mr A (see [47]
and [48] above) added to the unsatisfactory state of her evidence.

76 The District Judge found no reason to fault Ms C for what he described as
an “idiosyncratic” account from her. He found that Ms C is “academically
brilliant but sexually naive”. He observed that she is an “observant
Christian” who attended “convent schools”. He noted that she was “brought up
in a conservative and heavily religiously observant background”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

GD at [27] and [418].

In my view, Ms C’s sexual naivety and conservative upbringing are not
sufficient reasons, in themselves, to justify her inability to describe more
accurately where she was touched, especially given the serious nature of the
second charge. I accept that Ms C was sexually inexperienced. That said, the
District Judge should have given more weight to the fact that Ms C was not, by
any stretch of the imagination, a young ignorant child. She had completed her
A-level examinations at a good junior college. She had studied the anatomy of
the female reproductive system in biology classes in school. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

ROA at p 426, lines 22-23.

As the District Judge acknowledged, she secured a place at the medical faculty
in a local university, before deciding to pursue studies in a different
professional discipline. By the time of the trial, she was in her twenties.
Even if Ms C could not name the anatomical parts intruded upon with accuracy,
with the aid of a doll, she should have been able to point out where she was
violated in relation to the second charge.

77 I turn to another aspect of Ms C’s account which I found extremely
disconcerting. Initially, Ms C did not attribute the “weird feeling” she
experienced during the alleged offence in the second charge as an “orgasm”. It
was Mr A who suggested to her that what she had experienced was an “orgasm”.
Thereafter, Ms C adopted this as part of her narrative. The District Judge
reasoned that it was because of Ms C’s inexperience that she required Mr A to
explain to her that she had experienced an orgasm – a known physiological
reaction. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

GD at [27].

However, the Prosecution concedes that it is not their case that what she
experienced was physiologically an “orgasm” or that her body was actually
moving during the incident. Their submission is that her description shows the
intensity of her experience, provided “depth of detail”, and “bears the ring
of truth”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

RC at [57].

Reluctantly, I disagree with the Prosecution. Like her inaccurate references
to various anatomical terms, including “vagina”, I am not persuaded that Ms C
used the word “orgasm” with true appreciation of its meaning. Her loose use of
the word seems to be, in my view, a form of embellishment. The fact that she
attributed the “weird feeling” to an “orgasm” after being prompted by Mr A
also suggests, as Mr Loh argues (as set out in [28] above), that her
communications with Mr A could have fostered an “echo chamber” which amplified
her pre-existing beliefs (mistaken) that she had been molested.

78 To round off, Ms C claims that she was wearing tights at the material time.
The District Judge explained that “the stretchable fabric of [Ms C’s] tights
would make it difficult to pin-point exactly where the pressure was being
exerted, as the stretch of the fabric would tend to diffuse rubbing and
touching sensations”. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

GD at [351].

However, by that same reasoning, it is equally plausible that Mr Loh was
simply giving Ms C an innocent massage on her thighs and the “stretchable
fabric of her tights” caused Ms C to feel pressure being exerted on her
vaginal area. This, as Mr Loh surmises, might have led to misunderstanding on
her part.

79 For completeness, in Public Prosecutor v GCK and another matter [2020] 1
SLR 486 (“GCK”), the Court of Appeal cautioned against making generalisations
about the victim’s memories of the offence because “an individual’s capacity
for observation and memory recall may not always lie on a continuum even when
the account in question concerns events occurring within the same episode”
(GCK at [113]). I am mindful of this and appreciate that victims of sexual
offence may not remember every aspect of their traumatic experience and that
alone does not undermine the credibility of their testimony. However, where
the victim’s testimony forms the sole basis of the Prosecution’s case, the
lack of specificity on important details of the offence may still be relevant
in determining whether the Prosecution has proved its case beyond a reasonable
doubt.

Ms C’s immediate conduct after the alleged offence in the second charge

80 I now turn to the subsequent conduct of Ms C. Immediately after the alleged
incident on 15 March 2013, Ms C said that she felt disgusted, and that she
cried in private. But after that, she composed herself, and went out for a
meal with Mr Loh. Then, at 9.24pm, Ms C posted on her Twitter account:
“Prettiest crescent moon so many stars in the sky :)”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

ROA at p 3597.

One “Iggy” replied to her post and asked her how her timed trial was, to which
she responded, “surprisingly easy only 80 x 3 hehehe”, followed by “I got
lucky :D”. The usage of smiley emoticons and the tone of the post and the
messages indicate that Ms C was in a jovial mood at the material time when she
posted them. Ms C admitted during cross-examination that her messages sounded
jovial, but she insisted that “deep down” she was not feeling that way. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

ROP at p 1148, lines 8 to 18.

81 The District Judge found that Ms C’s apparent normalcy after the second
charge did not undermine her testimony, reasoning that different victims may
react differently to sexual offences. He further found that Ms C wished to
“cast aside gross things” and focus on “positive aspects of life”, 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

GD at [368].

which is consistent with the reaction of a victim who is seeking to forget or
come to terms with the sexual offence committed against her.

82 While I agree that a victim of sexual crimes cannot be straitjacketed into
an expectation that he or she must act or react in a certain manner (GBR v
Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 3 SLR 1048 at [20]), this does not
obviate the need of the court to examine the internal consistency of the
victim’s testimony, especially when the victim’s post-offence behaviours
appear clearly inconsistent with the gravity of the alleged offence.

83 In the present case, I am of the view that Ms C has not provided a
sufficient explanation for her seemingly jovial mood merely hours after the
alleged molest in the second charge had occurred, especially when she
testified that it was an egregious act and she had purportedly experienced an
involuntary orgasm. When asked how she could still be in the mood to admire
the moon and the stars, Ms C’s response was: “I was like, why would I post
something like that on the day itself but maybe I was like trying to distract
myself or something, I really don’t know” [emphasis added]. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

ROP at p 1059.

She further explained that “maybe [she] just wanted to cast aside the gross
thing and focus on the positive aspects of life” [emphasis added]. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

ROA at p1060.

84 It is clear from Ms C’s uncertain answers that she could not remember or
explain why she could be in the mood to post such messages. Ms C’s
explanations that she was trying to “distract [herself]” and focus on the
positive aspects of life” are qualified by the term “maybe”, which indicates
that these explanations are merely afterthoughts or ex post facto
rationalisations of the Twitter post. Furthermore, as I discussed at [66]
above, Ms C testified that she was feeling so “sicked out” that she
immediately confided in Ms W on the night of the second charge. This was her
evidence before the change of date of the second charge from 17 to 15 March
2013. For present purposes, what I am concerned about is that Ms C’s account
of her state of mind that made her want to confide in Ms W immediately after
the second charge is somewhat contradictory to her explanations with regards
the Twitter post.

85 In all these circumstances, it seems to me that the District Judge was too
ready to accept Ms C’s explanations, and as a result, failed to give weight to
the objective evidence of Ms C’s state of mind at the relevant time.

Conclusion on the second charge

86 To sum up, Ms C’s sudden shift in position on the date of the second charge
in the middle of the trial affected her previous stance that all the
individual training sessions were held on Sundays, which once again undermined
her intrinsic consistency. Her inability to recall material details of the
second charge and to more accurately describe the exact part of her body that
Mr Loh had allegedly touched also affect the cogency of her account.

87 While I agree with the District Judge that there is no reason for Ms C to
fabricate her near-contemporaneous WhatsApp messages with Ms W, Mr A and Ms
Eng, the exchanges must be treated with caution. As I pointed out at [50],
[54] and [75] above, Ms C’s messages contain inconsistencies with her version
in court about the events. She had also exaggerated aspects of the events,
especially to Mr A. Even in court, her account of where she was touched has
been unclear, and her account that she allegedly experienced an involuntary
orgasm from the violation of her body seemed to be an embellishment (see
[77]). Taken together with her apparent state of mind hours after the alleged
offence, I am of the view that the District Judge’s reliance on Ms C’s
evidence for the second charge is misplaced.

Conclusion on Ms C’s evidence

88 I now expand on the applicable legal principles for assessing Ms C’s
evidence. As alluded to at the outset at [3], it is well-established that in
order for an accused to be convicted of an offence based on the complainant’s
testimony alone, the complainant’s evidence must be unusually convincing to
overcome any doubt that might arise from the lack of corroboration (Public
Prosecutor v Mohd Ariffan bin Mohd Hassan [2019] 2 SLR 490 at [58]; AOF v
Public Prosecutor [2012] 3 SLR 34 (“AOF”) at [111]). I pause to observe that
subsequent repeated complaints by a victim cannot, in and of themselves,
constitute corroborative evidence so as to dispense with the requirement for
“unusually convincing” testimony (AOF at [114]). This would apply to Ms C’s
complaints in the near-contemporaneous exchanges with Ms W, Mr A and Ms Eng,
as well as her subsequent discussions with Ms W and Mr A.

89 It should be noted that the “unusually convincing” standard is not a
“test”, but rather, a heuristic tool in determining whether the evidence of an
uncorroborated witness is sufficient in itself to secure a conviction (GCK at
[91]). A complainant’s testimony would be “unusually convincing” if the
testimony, when weighed against the overall backdrop of the available facts
and circumstances, contains the ring of truth which leaves the court satisfied
that no reasonable doubt exists in favour of the accused” (Haliffie bin Marnat
v Public Prosecutor and other appeals [2016] 5 SLR 636 at [28]). In assessing
whether a witness’s testimony meets the “unusually convincing” standard, the
court must consider the totality of the evidence, including the Defence’s case
(GCK at [144]).

90 That said, the ultimate inquiry that the court has to make is whether the
case against an accused has been proved by the Prosecution beyond a reasonable
doubt (GCK at [91]). The Court of Appeal at [145], [149(e)] and [149(f)] of
GCK held that:

145 Conversely, what the Defence needs to do to bring the Prosecution’s case
below the requisite threshold is to point to such evidence that is capable of
generating a reasonable doubt … If the Prosecution fails to rebut such
evidence, it will necessarily fail in its overall burden of proving the charge
against the accused person beyond a reasonable doubt. We would add that such
evidence need not necessarily be raised (in the sense of being asserted, or
being made the subject of submissions) by the Defence in order for it to give
rise to a reasonable doubt. What matters is that a reasonable doubt arises (in
whatever form) from the state of the evidence at the close of the trial.

…

[149e] The principle of proof beyond a reasonable doubt can be conceptualised
in two ways. First, a reasonable doubt may arise from within the case mounted
by the Prosecution. As part of its own case, the Prosecution must adduce
sufficient evidence to establish the accused person’s guilt beyond a
reasonable doubt on at least a prima facie basis. Failure to do so may lead to
a finding that the Prosecution has failed to mount a case to answer, or to an
acquittal. In those situations, the court must nevertheless particularise the
specific weaknesses in the Prosecution’s own evidence that irrevocably lowers
it below the threshold of proof beyond a reasonable doubt.

[149](f)] Once the court has identified the flaw internal to the Prosecution’s
case, weaknesses in the Defence’s case cannot ordinarily shore up what is
lacking in the Prosecution’s case to begin with, because the Prosecution has
simply not been able to discharge its overall legal burden.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

91 I have taken pains to elaborate on these legal principles because I want to
emphasise that where there are internal flaws in the Prosecution’s case that
cast a reasonable doubt as to the accused’s guilt, the weaknesses in the
Defence’s case cannot ordinarily act as a gap-filling device to supplement the
Prosecution’s case (see [149(f)] of GCK). I am of the view that the present
case is one such instance. As I discussed above, I find that there are
inherent weaknesses in Ms C’s testimony in relation to the first and second
charges as follows:

(a) For the first charge, Ms C’s testimony was inconsistent with her
communications with Ms W, Mr A and Ms Eng and with her parents’ testimonies.
This undermined the intrinsic and extrinsic consistency of her account. More
importantly, Ms C’s testimony is not sufficient, in itself, to establish the
elements of the offence especially when she admitted that Mr Loh’s acts could
have been accidental.

(b) For the second charge, Ms C’s sudden change in position on the date of the
second charge undermined the intrinsic consistency of her testimony. Her
inability to recall material details of the second charge and to describe the
exact part of her vaginal area that Mr Loh has allegedly touched, as well as
her apparent state of mind after the alleged offence, also affect the
credibility of her account. The near contemporaneous exchanges with Ms W and
Mr A should be treated with caution.

92 As explained above, I do not agree with the reasons of the District Judge
explaining away these material internal and external inconsistencies and
disregarding the obviously unsatisfactory aspects of her evidence. With
respect, it is plainly wrong, and against the weight of the evidence, for the
District Judge to have relied on Ms C’s evidence to convict Mr Loh of the
first and second charges. In accordance with the framework set out above,
after I analyse certain aspects of the Defence’s case and evaluate the overall
circumstances of the case, I will return to consider the issue whether Ms C
should be treated as an “unusually convincing witness” at [143] and [148]
below.

Issue 2: Whether Mr Loh has proved his alibi defences and whether two of his
accounts amounted to Lucas Lies

Burden and standard of proof for defence of alibi

93 Before turning to consider the merits of Mr Loh’s alibi defences, I first
address the preliminary issue of the burden and standard of proof for the
defence of alibi.

94 Mr Loh argues that the District Judge has applied the wrong burden and
standard of proof in holding that “it is important to bear in mind that the
burden is on the defence to establish an alibi on a balance of probabilities”
143

##### Foot Note 143

×

GD at [227] and [332].

Mr Loh argues that he only needs to raise a reasonable doubt that he was not
at Tampines Stadium at the material time of the alleged offences. He relies on
Syed Abdul Aziz in which the Court of Criminal Appeal held that “where the
accused raises an alibi, the burden of proving the alibi is on the accused but
this is only an evidential burden… the defence need only raise a reasonable
doubt” (at [35]). This was subsequently followed by the High Court in
Ramakrishnan, where the court held that “an acquittal must follow from
reasonable doubt that the appellant might have been elsewhere at the material
time” (at [34]). This was further endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Vignes
s/o Mourthi and another v Public Prosecutor [2003] 3 SLR(R) 105 (“Vignes”) at
[62].

95 The Prosecution argues that an accused bears the burden to prove his alibi
on a balance of probabilities under s 105 of the EA. Section 105 of the EA
provides that the burden of proof as to any particular fact lies on that
person who wishes the court to believe in its existence, unless otherwise
provided by any law. Illustration (b) provides that “B wishes the court to
believe that at the time in question he or she was elsewhere. B must prove
it”. Further, the Prosecution highlights that by s 107 of the EA, an accused
has the legal burden to prove defences set out in the Penal Code on a balance
of probabilities (Jayasena v The Queen [1970] 2 WLR 448 (“Jayasena”) and
Iskandar bin Rahmat v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2017] 1 SLR 505
(“Iskandar bin Rahmat”)). The Prosecution argues that for consistency, the
same interpretation should be extended to s 105 of the EA, and the accused
bears the legal burden to prove the alibi defence on a balance of
probabilities.

96 That said, the Prosecution acknowledges the differing positions in Syed
Abdul Aziz and Vignes where the court held that the burden of proof on the
accused for an alibi defence is only an evidential burden. The Prosecution
submits that to reconcile the two strands of cases, the approach proposed in
Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Evidence and the Litigation Process (LexisNexis, 7th Ed,
2020) (“Evidence and the Litigation Process”) should be adopted. The learned
author proposed that the seemingly inconsistent positions can be reconciled by
having regard to the Prosecution’s and accused’s roles in separate stages of
the proceeding as follows (Evidence and the Litigation Process at [12.018]):

(a) First, the prosecution has to adduce sufficient evidence to satisfy each
element of the charge, including evidence that the accused was at the scene of
the crime.

(b) If, and only if, the prosecution adduces sufficient evidence to this
effect so that the court determines that the accused has a case to answer, the
accused will then have to prove his alibi on a balance of probabilities
pursuant to s 105 of the EA.

(c) Even if the accused fails to prove his alibi on a balance of
probabilities, the accused may still be in a position to raise a reasonable
doubt concerning his presence at the scene of the crime. For example, although
the witness giving evidence of alibi may not satisfy the court that the
accused was with him at the time of the crime, the facts may emerge from his
testimony which raise a reasonable doubt in respect of the Prosecution’s
evidence.

97 In my view, the present state of the law is clear, and it is that set out
in Syed Abdul Aziz and Vignes. The cases of Jayasena and Iskandar bin Rahmat
relied upon by the Prosecution pertain to the interpretation of s 107 of the
EA which deal with the defences found in the “general exceptions in the Penal
Code, or within any special exception or proviso contained in any other part
of the Penal Code, or in any law defining the offence”. Section 107 of the EA
does not deal with the defence of alibi. Therefore, unlike Syed Abdul Aziz and
Vignes, the holdings in Jayasena and Iskandar bin Rahmat do not specifically
apply to the defence of alibi.

98 The defence of alibi overlaps with the Prosecution’s duty to prove actus
reus under s 103 of the EA. It is trite law that the Prosecution is required
to establish the elements of an offence beyond a reasonable doubt. It follows
that if an accused is able to raise a reasonable doubt as to his presence at
the scene of an alleged offence, he ought to be acquitted. In the present
case, in accordance with Syed Abdul Aziz and Vignes, Mr Loh only bears an
evidential burden, and an acquittal must follow should reasonable doubt be
raised that at the material time, he was not at Tampines Stadium, but might
have been elsewhere. By applying the standard of balance of probabilities in
relation to Mr Loh’s alibi defences, the District Judge fell into error by
applying the wrong legal test.

99 With that said, the Prosecution argues that even on the lower threshold, Mr
Loh has not adduced sufficient evidence to raise a reasonable doubt that he
was not at Tampines Stadium because he was somewhere else at the material time
of the offences. I now consider whether Mr Loh has discharged his evidential
burden in relation to his alibi defences for 24 February 2013 and 15 March
2013. For this purpose, it bears reminding that Ms C’s evidence is that each
individual training session lasted about 1½ hours. Each session took place
either in the morning starting at about 9am to 10am or in the evening starting
at about 4pm to 5pm. But for the fourth training session, eventually, she said
it took place in the evening (see [73] above).

Mr Loh’s alibi on 24 February 2013

100 Mr Loh says that on 24 February 2013, he was celebrating Chap Goh Meh with
his extended family. He had gone marketing with his wife at a market in Pasir
Ris and another market in Tampines in the morning from around 10am to 12pm.
144

##### Foot Note 144

×

ROP at p 1584 at lines 2 to 16.

After that, Mr Loh and his wife prepared their place for his siblings to come
over for prayers at around 2pm. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

ROP at p 1583 at lines 16 to 19.

His siblings would come at different timings, some at around 3pm and others at
around 5pm to offer their prayers. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

ROP at p 1583 at lines 21 to 25.

He further testified that his brother and his brother’s wife arrived at his
house on 24 February 2013 at around 3pm. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

ROP at p 1583, at lines 28 to 30.

He also testified that dinner would be served around 6pm or 6.30pm. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

ROP at p 1584, at lines 28 to 32.

After the dinner, Mr Loh and his extended family will sit down to chit-chat
and have their usual tea session, after which his siblings and their families
would leave from 7pm to 9pm. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

ROP at p 1585, at lines 2 to 17.

101 Mr Loh’s principal alibi witnesses were his wife and his brother:

(a) Mr Loh’s wife testified that on 24 February 2013, she went to church for
mass in the morning and returned home at around 9.15am. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

ROP at p 2284, at lines 5 to 7.

After she returned home, she left the home with Mr Loh at around 9.30am and
drove to Pasir Ris to do marketing for Chap Goh Meh. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

ROP at p 2284 at lines 19 to 21.

After that, the two then drove to Tampines to buy more items, reaching
Tampines at around 10am. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

ROP at p 2286, lines 25 to 32; p2288, lines 5 to 7.

She further testified that as soon as she reached home, she started cooking
and preparing for Chap Goh Meh and that Mr Loh would assist her by moving
things from the storeroom for the prayers. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

ROP at p 2289, at lines 6 to 9.

She also testified that she recalled Mr Loh’s brother trying on a number of
jackets and chatting with Mr Loh. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

ROP at p 2255, line 16.

(b) Mr Loh’s brother testified he had gone to Mr Loh’s residence for Chap Goh
Meh at around 3pm on 24 February 2013. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

ROP at p 2319, at lines 11 to 12.

He testified that he had a chat with Mr Loh and told him that he was
travelling to Boston for his wife’s award ceremony. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

ROP at p 2320, lines 4 to 13.

He also testified that he borrowed a jacket from Mr Loh on that day for his
wife’s award ceremony. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

ROP at p 2322, lines 19 to 32.

He adduced a letter dated 11 March 2013 from his wife’s employer confirming
that his wife was selected to receive the 2012 Chairman Award. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

ROP at p 2320, line 32 to p 2321, line 9.

He testified that he had dinner at around 6pm and left Mr Loh’s place after
dinner at around 7pm. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

ROP at p 2323, lines 13 to 19.

102 The District Judge rejected Mr Loh’s alibi defence for the following
reasons:

(a) There was no documentary proof which suggested that Mr Loh had gone
marketing with his wife in the morning or entertained his relatives for Chap
Goh Mei in the evening. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

GD at [332], p 211.

(b) Mr Loh’s brother’s account that he borrowed a jacket from Mr Loh to attend
his wife’s award ceremony was unbelievable because the letter from his wife’s
employer announcing the conferment of the award was dated 11 March 2013, which
was 15 days after 24 February 2013 and Mr Loh’s brother could not have had
prophetic foresight of the award. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

GD at [332], p 212.

(c) Mr Loh’s wife had no distinct recollection of that day and merely
recounted what the family would usually do on Chap Goh Mei. She could not show
that Mr Loh never left the home that day, especially given that Tampines
Stadium was situated just one MRT stop from Mr Loh’s home in Pasir Ris. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

GD at [332], p 212.

103 I have some difficulties with these reasons relied on by the District
Judge for dismissing the evidence of Mr Loh’s brother and his wife. First, I
am not sure what documentary proof could have been expected for such a family
event. Secondly, Mr Loh’s brother explained that his wife’s employer had
informed her of the award informally before the issuance of the official
letter. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

ROP at p 2334, lines 8 to 18.

Mr Loh’s brother’s explanation is not unbelievable — it is entirely possible
that his wife would have received indications from her employer regarding her
award before the issuance of the official letter. Thirdly, Mr Loh’s brother’s
testimony is corroborated by Mr Loh’s wife who testified that she witnessed Mr
Loh’s brother trying on Mr Loh’s jackets. Fourthly, even if Mr Loh’s wife was
testifying on her routine memory of the events for Chap Goh Meh, her clear and
consistent testimony was that the arrangement for Chap Goh Meh every year
would be the same. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

ROP at p 2281, line 3 to p 2282, line 24.

The only difference she recalled for Chap Goh Meh in 2013 was that Mr Loh’s
brother had borrowed a jacket from him. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

ROP at p 2255, lines 7 to 17.

Upon perusing the GD, with due respect, it seemed to me that there was a stark
contrast between the District Judge’s treatment of the inconsistencies in the
testimonies of the Prosecution’s witnesses vis the Defence’s witnesses. While
the District Judge generally forgave some of the Prosecution’s witnesses,
including Ms C’s parents, for not being able to recall details due to the
lapse of time (for instance, see above at [60]), the same latitude had simply
not been extended to these Defence witnesses.

104 With that being said, I agree with the Prosecution that even on the lower
threshold ie, to raise a reasonable doubt, Mr Loh could still have been at the
Tampines Stadium on 24 February 2013, especially in the late morning or late
afternoon, to conduct a training session for Ms C. Although Mr Loh’s wife
testified that Mr Loh accompanied her for marketing in the morning, the
evidence regarding the time Mr Loh returned home was not clear. Furthermore,
neither Mr Loh’s wife nor Mr Loh’s brother could testify that Mr Loh did not
leave the home in the late morning or late afternoon. Given that Tampines
Stadium was situated just one MRT stop from Mr Loh’s home in Pasir Ris, Mr Loh
could have gone to Tampines Stadium, and then returned home to continue with
his Chap Goh Mei obligations. Therefore, I am prepared to accept the
Prosecution’s contention that there was a lack of evidence that Mr Loh was at
home that day in the late morning or late afternoon. Mr Loh has not raised a
reasonable doubt that he could not have been at Tampines Stadium, by showing
that he might have been at home at the material time. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

RC at para 129.

105 In any event, the District Judge did not find that Mr Loh’s alibi defence
for the first charge amounted to a Lucas Lie. I agree. There is no objective
evidence suggesting that Mr Loh lied about celebrating Chap Goh Meh with his
family on 24 February 2013. Mr Loh’s account was externally consistent with
the testimonies of his wife and his brother in most material aspects, and
there is nothing to suggest that his family members lied on the stand to
corroborate his story. Therefore, even though Mr Loh’s alibi defence failed,
this cannot be used to corroborate the Prosecution’s case.

Mr Loh’s alibi on 15 March 2013

106 Mr Loh maintains that he was at Bishan Stadium conducting school training
for CHIJ Toa Payoh students on 15 March 2013. He testified that the training
started at around 3.30pm and he was at Bishan Stadium before 3.30pm. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

ROP at p 1658, lines 1 to 8.

He trained students who were not selected to represent the school for the SPH
Schools Relay held on 16 and 17 March 2013. He also trained his team that was
participating in the “4 by 1” and “4 by 4” events in the SPH Schools Relay so
that they could “sharpen up” their “corner baton passing” skills. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

ROP at p 1658, line 21 to p 1659 at line 5.

He remembered that they completed their training at around 6pm. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

ROP at p 1659, lines 8-9.

107 Mr Loh’s key alibi witnesses were Ms Jayalaxmi, Ms Amirah and Mr Terry
Tan:

(a) Ms Jayalaxmi testified that a training session was conducted at Bishan
Stadium on 15 March 2013 at 3.30pm. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

ROP at p 2607, line 31 to p 2608, line 5.

She reached before 3.30pm and saw Mr Loh there. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

ROP at p 2608, lines 5 to 8.

She testified that this was an ordinary training session for students who are
not competing in the SPH Schools Relay Championship. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

ROP at p 2605, lines 10 to 16.

For athletes participating in the “4 by 4” event for the SPH Schools Relay on
that Sunday (ie, 17 March 2013), Ms Jayalaxmi testified that the training was
intended for them to “polish up” their baton-passing skills. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

ROP at p 2605, lines 17 to 24.

She further testified that one of the main purposes of the training was to
prepare one of her cross-country athlete, one Alexandra Louise Wee (“Alex”),
who was competing in the “4 by 4” relay for the first time. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

ROP at p 2671, lines 1 to 14.

She testified that the training ended at around 5.30pm. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

ROP at p 2608, lines 9 to 16.

She left Bishan Stadium around that time, and she recalled seeing Mr Loh
inside the stadium when she left. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

ROP at p 2608, lines 17 to 27.

(b) Ms Amirah testified she participated in the SPH Schools Relay in 2013 and
that there was a “light” training session on 15 March 2013, from 3.30pm to
around 5.30pm, 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

ROP at p 2686, lines 22 to 27.

for the team to practice their “baton passing” for the SPH Schools Relay that
weekend. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

ROP at p 2685, lines 23 to 28.

She testified that Mr Loh and Ms Jayalaxmi were present at the training on 15
March 2013. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

ROP at p 2685, lines 29 to 31; ROP at p 2686, line 30 to p 2687, line 1.

She further testified that Alex, who was a cross-country athlete, was
participating in the “4 by 4” event that year and that her team needed to
practice with Alex at least once on 15 March 2013 before the event on 17 March
2013. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

ROP at p 2698, lines 22 to 32.

At the time of the trial, Ms Amirah was a second year student in university.

(c) Mr Terry Tan testified that he picked Mr Loh up from Bishan Stadium at
around 6pm on 15 March 2013 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

ROP at p 2162, lines 5 to 19.

to discuss with Mr Loh a controversy over competing organisations seeking to
hold tug of war competitions in Singapore. Mr Terry Tan further said that he
sent Mr Loh home that day, after which they continued their discussion for
another 20 to 30 minutes before he left at about 7.20 to 7.30pm. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

ROP at p 2162, line 29 to p 2163, line 8.

108 The District Judge rejected Mr Loh’s alibi defence on 15 March 2013 for
the following reasons:

(a) Mr Loh claimed to have an ordinary training session on 15 March 2013 with
the full track team at Bishan Stadium but Ms Jayalaxmi and Ms Amirah testified
that the training would involve only a small cadre of relay athletes for them
to practice baton-passing for the SPH Schools Relay event that weekend. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

GD at [332], p 214.

(b) The Prosecution’s rebuttal witness, Mr Daryl Chan (“Mr Chan”) who was a
track teacher at CHIJ Toa Payoh, testified that there had been no official
training for track athletes that day. The documentary evidence showed that
Friday had been replaced by Tuesday as a formal training day for that entire
first quarter of 2013. Ms Jayalaxmi’s attendance record had not shown any
attendance taken for 15 March 2013, and Mr Loh himself signed a payment form
which specified ten training days in March 2013 which did not include 15 March
2013 as a day he had trained the CHIJ Toa Payoh track and field team. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

GD at [391].

(c) The fact that neither Ms Jayalaxmi and Ms Amirah realised the change in
training days from Fridays to Tuesdays cast doubt on the reliability of their
accounts. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

GD at [332], p 214.

(d) The WhatsApp correspondence between Mr Toh and Ms C showed that Mr Toh was
inquiring with Ms C at 9.47am on 15 March 2013 whether Mr Loh would be
conducting any training at Bishan Stadium, to which Ms C ultimately responded
“Tampines !!!” at 1.53pm. Ms C’s subsequent message at 3.26pm was that while
Mr Loh had advised her, Zaki, and Ms W to rest, she had resolved to attend as
she had missed two days’ training. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

GD at [332], p215; ROP at p 3669.

(e) Mr Terry Tan’s testimony that he picked Mr Loh outside Bishan Stadium on
15 March 2013 to discuss problems between two competing tug-of-war federations
was unreasonable and irrational. The two men lived close to each other in the
east of Singapore, which makes it a circuitous trip for Mr Terry Tan to pick
Mr Loh and send him home. It was also unclear why the two men had not simply
discussed by phone or text message, given that the discussion did not seem
particularly complex, with Mr Loh’s final solution to Mr Terry Tan being to
formally seek the opinion of Sports SG. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

GD at [332], p215.

109 The District Judge went on to find that Mr Loh’s alibi on the 15 March
2013 could not possibly be true when set against the objective evidence and
that it amounted to a Lucas Lie that corroborated the Prosecution’s case. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

GD at [389].

110 Turning to Ms Jayalaxmi’s evidence, I am mindful that she shifted her
stance as to the type of training that took place that day. However, Ms
Jayalaxmi and Ms Amirah were consistent in their testimony that there was a
“light” training session on 15 March 2013 for the team to practice their
“baton passing” for the SPH Schools Relay that weekend. Both witnesses were
certain of the date of the “light” training because 15 March 2013 was two days
before the SPH Schools Relay on 17 March 2013. Both also specifically
testified that one of the main reasons for the “light” training was to prepare
Alex, who was a cross-country athlete competing in “4 by 4” event for the
first time that year. In these important aspects, Ms Jayalaxmi’s and Ms
Amirah’s accounts are internally and externally consistent.

111 The District Judge, however, preferred Mr Chan’s testimony over that of Ms
Jayalaxmi and Ms Amirah. In accepting Mr Chan’s testimony that Friday
trainings were replaced with Tuesday trainings for the first quarter of 2013,
the District Judge discounted the credibility of Ms Jayalaxmi’s and Ms
Amirah’s accounts on the ground that they could not remember the change in
training days. However, I am of the view that Mr Chan’s testimony does not
necessarily contradict the testimonies of Ms Jayalaxmi and Ms Amirah. Their
evidence was that there was “light” training session on 15 March 2013, not an
official training session. Therefore, even if there had been a change in the
official training dates, Mr Chan’s testimony should not have a material impact
on the credibility of Ms Jayalaxmi’s and Ms Amirah’s accounts. In a similar
vein, the fact that the unofficial training session was not recorded on Mr
Loh’s payment form and Ms Jayalaxmi’s attendance sheet does not undermine Ms
Jayalaxmi’s and Ms Amirah’s credibility.

112 I am also of the view that the District Judge was hasty in dismissing Mr
Terry Tan’s testimony. While I agree with the District Judge’s observations
that Mr Terry Tan made a circuitous trip to pick Mr Loh to discuss a problem
which could have been discussed over the phone, this alone does not render Mr
Terry Tan’s account unbelievable. It is entirely possible that Mr Terry Tan
made a circuitous trip to send Mr Loh home out of their friendship, or out of
respect or gratitude towards Mr Loh for listening to his problems.

113 Against the evidence of these witnesses, I note that there are the
WhatsApp messages between Ms C and Mr Toh on 15 March 2013 to support Ms C’s
version. To recapitulate, Mr Toh asked Ms C at 9.47am on 15 March 2013 whether
Mr Loh would be conducting any training at Bishan Stadium, to which Ms C
responded “Tampines !!!” sometime later at 1.53pm. As understood by the
District Judge, Ms C’s subsequent message at 3.26pm was that while Mr Loh had
advised Zaki, Ms W and her to rest, she had resolved to attend as she had
missed two days’ training. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

GD at [332], p 215.

While these messages suggest that Mr Loh might have intended to conduct
training at Tampines stadium on 15 March 2013, they do not clearly show that
any individual training session for Ms C was confirmed with Mr Loh (or that it
actually proceeded on that day).

114 I should add that the District Judge stated that Ms C only found out at
3.34pm that day that she would be training alone, after a message from Mr Toh
that he would not be attending “as the ‘Ntu boys’ had been advised by Mr Loh
to rest” (see [12] above). 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

GD at [335].

This is not strictly correct. While there was a message at 3.34pm from Mr Toh
to say that he was not going for training because the “ntu boys” were told
that they did not need to go for training, there was an earlier message to the
same effect. At 1.54pm, Mr Toh had already messaged Ms C to say that Mr Loh
told “zaki and the ntu boys” that there was no training that day. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

ROP at p 3669.

For completeness, these messages between Ms C and Mr Toh indicate that the
alleged training on 15 March 2013 was being discussed primarily as a group
training with Zaki, Ms W, Mr Toh and Ms C. According to the District Judge, Ms
C’s request to train was then acceded to. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

GD at [332], p 215.

This somewhat contradicts Ms C’s account that Mr Loh had invited her to attend
four one-on-one training sessions with him (see [6] and [70] above).

115 It seems to me that based on the evidence of his witnesses, Mr Loh has
raised a reasonable doubt that he was not at the Tampines Stadium, but might
have been elsewhere, in the afternoon of 15 March 2013. However, even if the
District Judge was correct to reject the alibi defence, there is little basis
for the District Judge to proceed to find that this amounted to a Lucas Lie.
In Lucas, the court held that lies told by an accused person might be capable
of amounting to corroboration if they were (a) deliberate; (b) related to a
material issue; (c) premised upon a motive of realisation of guilt and a fear
of the truth; and (d) proved independently to be untrue. In the present case,
even if Mr Loh failed to prove his alibi defence, there is insufficient
evidence to show that his alibi was a deliberate lie. Given that Mr Loh’s
alibi on 15 March 2013 was supported by Ms Jayalaxmi, Ms Amirah and Mr Terry
Tan, a finding that Mr Loh has deliberately lied in his alibi will necessarily
implicate the witnesses, suggesting that they were lying in their testimonies
to support Mr Loh’s account of events.

116 While the District Judge disagreed with the versions of Ms Jayalaxmi, Ms
Amirah and Mr Terry Tan of the events on 15 March 2013, the District Judge did
not specifically find that they were lying to the court. I agree with this.
Although the individuals know and respect Mr Loh and could not be said to be
completely impartial witnesses, their accounts are largely consistent and not
inherently unbelievable (see above at [110] to [112]). Furthermore, Ms
Jayalaxmi and Mr Terry Tan are working adults with responsible jobs. She was a
teacher for many years, and he is a senior officer with the Singapore Prison
Service. At the time of the trial, Ms Amirah was a second-year undergraduate
at a local university. There is simply no reason offered as to why any of them
would lie to help Mr Loh. Given that by the time of the trial, five years had
elapsed since 15 March 2013, should their evidence be unsatisfactory in
certain aspects, some leeway should be given to these Defence witnesses, as
well as Mr Loh, for their inability to recall what exactly transpired that day
(and the exact timings of those events). This is especially since Ms C had
actually changed her position as to the date of the alleged incident and was
unable to clearly testify whether the alleged incident took place in the
morning or the afternoon until in cross-examination. The District Judge has
relied on the passage of time as a justification for several inconsistencies
in the testimonies of the Prosecution witnesses, and I am of the view that the
District Judge should have extended the same consideration to the Defence
witnesses, including Mr Loh, in relation to similar types of inconsistencies.

Mr Loh’s account of events of 10 March 2013

117 For completeness, Mr Loh also provided evidence in relation to the third
alleged individual training session (see [10(c)] above) to prove that he had
never conducted any individual training sessions for Ms C. Given that nothing
untoward happened on this occasion, this was strictly speaking not an alibi
defence. Nonetheless, the District Judge rejected this alibi and found that it
amounted to a Lucas Lie, reasoning that (a) Mr Loh and Mr Tan WL could not
name any one person they saw or met at the Swift Event despite Mr Loh’s
prominent status in the athletic scene; and (b) both of them could not recall
the evening rain that day, as evidenced by the meteorological report.

118 I will only spend a moment to discuss the District Judge’s finding that Mr
Loh’s evidence amounted to a Lucas Lie. Once again, there was no specific
finding by the District Judge that Mr Tan WL was lying in his testimony to the
court. Indeed, some leniency should be extended to Mr Tan WL, as well as Mr
Loh, for their inability to identify other attendees of the Swift Event given
that more than five years have elapsed by the time of the trial. While the
District Judge faulted Mr Loh and Mr Tan WL for their inability to remember a
spell of rain that started from 5pm and persisted till 9pm, 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

GD at [252]

I note that Mr Loh’s testimony was that the two chatted at a coffeeshop from
5pm to around 6pm, after which he left for home. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

ROP at p 1608, lines 11 to 32.

The meteorological report for 10 March 2013 showed that for the hour from 5pm
to 6pm, only 0.2mm of rain was collected and the duration of the rain for that
hour was only five minutes. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

ROP at p 3750.

The two men should not be faulted, or Mr Loh treated as having lied, for
failing to recall a spell of rain while they were at the coffee shop that
occurred more than five years ago. It seems to me there is insufficient basis
to find that there is a Lucas Lie which corroborates the Prosecution’s
evidence.

Conclusion

119 To round up, as set out in Syed Abdul Aziz and Vignes, in relation to an
alibi defence, an accused only bears an evidential burden, and an acquittal
must follow from reasonable doubt that the accused might have been elsewhere
at the material time. The District Judge erred by imposing the burden on Mr
Loh to establish the alibi defences on a balance of probabilities.

120 In relation to the alibi defence for 24 February 2013, contrary to the
position taken by the District Judge, I am prepared to accept the evidence of
Mr Loh’s wife and brother. However, I agree with the Prosecution that the
alibi defence is not made out even on the lower threshold to raise a
reasonable doubt. Based on the evidence of Mr Loh’s wife and brother, Mr Loh
could still have been at the Tampines Stadium, particularly in the late
morning or late afternoon that day. That said, I agree with the District Judge
that Mr Loh’s alibi defence did not amount to a Lucas Lie so as to provide
support for the Prosecution’s case.

121 For the alibi defence for 15 March 2013, as supported by the evidence of
Mr Loh’s witnesses, namely, Ms Jayalaxmi, Ms Amirah and Mr Terry Tan, I am of
the view that Mr Loh has raised a reasonable doubt that he was not at the
Tampines Stadium, but might have been elsewhere that afternoon. Even if the
District Judge was correct to reject the alibi defence, I am of the view that
he erred in proceeding to find that this amounted to a Lucas Lie.

122 As for Mr Loh’s evidence of 10 March 2023, again, it seems to me that the
District Judge was too hasty to dismiss the evidence put forth by Mr Loh and
Mr Tan WL. In any case, there was inadequate basis to rule that there is a
Lucas Lie which corroborates the Prosecution’s case.

Issue 3: Whether Mr Loh’s conduct at the police meeting on 2 August 2016
indicated his guilty conscience

123 Another very key plank the District Judge relied on in convicting Mr Loh
on both charges was the fact that Mr Loh gathered photographs he took with Ms
C and Ms W before he attended at the police station before Station Inspector
Alan Khor (“SI Khor”) for the recording of his statement on 2 August 2016. The
District Judge took the view that Mr Loh’s conduct suggests that he knew the
identities of his accusers, and the period of the commission of the offences,
even before his statement was recorded by SI Khor. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

GD at [258].

He then held that Mr Loh’s “prescience” of the identities of the complainants
was indicative of his guilty mind. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

GD at [277].

124 Mr Loh’s evidence was that he received a call from Tanglin Police Station
on 31 July 2016, sometime after 9am. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

SROP at p 143, lines 10 to 13.

On that day, he was at Choa Chu Kang Stadium sometime after 8am because he was
organising the Singapore National Games. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

SROP at p 143, lines 1 to 9.

He testified that the caller told him that he was an investigator and informed
him that two girls had lodged a report against him. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

SROP at p 143, lines 18 to 29.

Mr Loh then informed the caller that he had 500 to 600 girls training under
him and if the caller did not inform him of the names of the girls, Mr Loh
would not go down to the police station. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

SROP at p 145, lines 3 to 21.

Mr Loh then testified that the caller put down the phone for around 20 to 30
seconds before calling him back again. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

SROP at p 145, lines 23 to 26.

This time, the caller identified himself as IO Goh and informed Mr Loh that
the two girls who lodged a report against Mr Loh were Ms C and Ms W. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

SROP at p 145, line 30 to p 146, line 5.

125 Mr Loh therefore argues that the District Judge erred in finding that he
had “prescience” of the identities of the victims when he gathered photographs
he took with Ms C and Ms W before he attended the meeting with SI Khor on 2
August 2016. This is because according to Mr Loh, the identities of the
victims were already revealed to him on 31 July 2016 via the phone call from
IO Goh before his statement recording on 2 August 2016.

126 Having considered the evidence at the trial and at the remittal hearing, I
am of the view that the District Judge should not have inferred a guilty
conscience on the part of Mr Loh. At the very least, the benefit of the doubt
should have been given to Mr Loh. I explain.

127 First, Mr Loh’s account comports with the objective contemporaneous
evidence. In a WhatsApp message from Ms C to Ms Eng on 31 July 2016, at
1.10pm, she told Ms Eng that the police called Ms W that morning and said that
they had no choice but to reveal their names to Mr Loh. I set out the message
in full below:

Ms C: Hi ms eng, just to let you know that [Ms W] and I went to make a police
report yesterday. Her friend kept encouraging her to do it so we just decided
to go do it.

The officers said they won’t leak our names out but this morning they called
[Ms W] to say they had no choice, cos mr Loh kept saying that he has too many
students etc and they said our names ._. And to just say we have no knowledge
of anything whatsoever.

And MR Loh is prob telling people making it sound as if we’re falsely accusing
him cos one of the twins called [Ms W] to question her if she reported and [Ms
W] kept saying no and the twin told [Ms W] that loh can sue [Ms W] for
defamation etc without asking what happened… Not rlly sure what [Ms W] should
do now though but yup just to keep you informed!

Ms Eng: Oh dear. How did it become like this…

[emphasis added]

128 No suggestion is made that Ms W lied to Ms C about the police disclosing
their names to Mr Loh, or that Ms C lied to Ms Eng about the disclosure of
their identities by the police. Also, no reason is proffered why they would
lie about this. The District Judge faulted Mr Loh for not confronting Ms W
with this message during the trial. However, Mr Loh had asked both IO Goh and
Ms C about the message. In fact, Ms C confirmed the contents of the message.
204

##### Foot Note 204

×

ROP p 1128 line 15 to 1129 line 10.

The message should have been given due weight by the District Judge.

129 Secondly, Mr Loh’s account is supported by IO Goh’s phone records which
showed that he called Ms W on 31 July 2016 at 9.33am, after his two calls with
Mr Loh at 9.24am and 9.28am. The timing of IO Goh’s call to Ms W matches Ms
C’s description in her message to Ms Eng that the police called Ms W in the
morning. The sequence of the calls is in accord with IO Goh revealing the
identities to Mr Loh, before informing Ms W of this.

130 IO Goh insisted that he did not reveal the complainants’ names but was
unable to explain why he would need to call Ms W immediately after calling Mr
Loh. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

ROP at p 2914 to 2915.

The District Judge’s main reason for believing IO Goh’s account is that IO Goh
was an experienced investigation officer of 28 years standing, and it was
improbable that he could have gone against what “must have been the most
sacrosanct and hard wired tenets that investigation officers presumably
adhered to” so as to reveal the identities of the complainants to the alleged
offender. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

GD at [266] to [270].

However, unfortunately, slip-ups happen even to the most experienced of
officers. As Mr Loh explained, he had pressed for more information from IO
Goh. In the face of the objective contemporaneous evidence, IO Goh’s
experience as an investigation officer is insufficient ground for disbelieving
Mr Loh altogether. Indeed, I note that prior to being shown his phone records,
IO Goh had said that he called Ms W ten minutes before calling Mr Loh, but not
after contacting Mr Loh. The phone records showed that this was not correct.

131 Instead of giving due weight to the objective evidence of the WhatsApp
messages and the call records, the District Judge, proffered his own
explanation for Ms C’s message. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

GD at [104] and [265].

He reasoned that Ms W was likely to have been confused by an earlier call she
had received that morning from Ms T, another trainee under Mr Loh. During this
call, Ms W was confronted by Ms T on whether she made a police report against
Mr Loh. The District Judge reasoned that Ms W might have conflated Ms T’s
confrontation with the fact that IO Goh had disclosed the names of the
complainants to Mr Loh, and “misrepresented the actual state of affairs”. This
is because Ms W had “a history of making loose situational connections”. For
instance, she mistook Mr A for Ms C’s boyfriend. With respect, the District
Judge’s explanation appears to be purely speculative. While he explained that
“we are none the wiser as Ms W was never examined in this area when she gave
her testimony”, there is nothing to suggest that Ms W made such a mistake. On
the face of it, this message sent by Ms C is plain and unambiguous. The
message mentions both (a) the call from the police informing Ms W about the
leakage of their identities; and (b) the call from Ms T confronting Ms W about
the police report, as two distinct events. It seems unlikely, therefore, that
Ms W (or Ms C) would have conflated the two incidents. Based on the above, I
am inclined to believe that IO Goh might have disclosed the identities of the
complainants to Mr Loh.

132 After the District Judge’s treatment of this aspect of the evidence, Mr
Loh sought to adduce Ms Monteiro’s testimony. Ms Monteiro filed a statutory
declaration stating that she was with Mr Loh when the police called Mr Loh.
Given that the District Judge had given little weight to Ms Monteiro’s
testimony in the Remittal Findings, I turn now to consider Ms Monteiro’s
evidence.

133 Ms Monteiro was one of Mr Loh’s trainees who met Mr Loh when she was 16
years old and trained under Mr Loh while she was in junior college. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

SROP at p 17, lines 1 to 11.

Ms Monteiro stepped forward as a witness, after learning of this aspect in
relation to the outcome of the trial in the media reports. She stated in her
statutory declaration she was at the Singapore National Games 2016 held at the
Choa Chu Kang Stadium on 31 July 2016 and that she was scheduled to run in the
200-metre race in the morning at around 9.15am. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

SROP at p 504, para 13.

She initially stated in her statutory declaration that she bumped into Mr Loh
at the carpark beside the stadium after her race. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

SROP at p 505, para 16.

However, the competition race schedule showed that her 200-metre race in the
morning was rescheduled to the afternoon. The race schedule also showed that
her 200-metre event would have been held at 10.15am, instead of 9.15am (which
was the scheduled time for a different 200-metre event for the under-20s). 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

SROP at p 103, line 31 to p 104, line 4.

Ms Monteiro admitted that she had “mixed up the chronology of events” in her
statutory declaration by reading the competition schedule wrongly, but
maintained that she had been at Choa Chu Kang Stadium “very early in the
morning … intending to run a morning race”. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

SROP at p 20, lines 22 to 30.

134 Ms Monteiro’s testimony on her interactions with Mr Loh cohered with her
version in the statutory declaration. She testified that she had seen Mr Loh
at the car park of Choa Chu Kang Stadium and was chatting with Mr Loh when Mr
Loh broke off because he had to pick up a call. In the course of this call,
she noted that Mr Loh appeared “very surprised and a bit agitated on the
phone”. I reproduce Ms Monteiro’s testimony on Mr Loh’s call verbatim below,
given that it formed the crux of her testimony: 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

SROP at p 21, line 24 to p 22, line 13.

And (Mr Loh) kept, uh, asking the person on the line to repeat what he was
saying, kept saying like “What? What? What?” like that on the phone. And---and
then, he started to ask the person on the phone to tell him like “No, tell me”
and he was very persistent on the phone, like, asking the other person on the
line to tell him. And then, after that, I heard him mention, um, the runners’
names, uh, some of my group, track and field runners’ names and it was
something like, uh, (Ms W) and “You mean, my girl (Ms W) and who? (Ms C)? You
mean my girl, (Ms W) said that?” Yes. And, um, so because during the phone
call, I also heard him mentioned something about the police station and
something about molest which …caught my attention at the beginning which is
why I started to listen to the conversation. And then, after the entire
conversation and looking at Mr. Loh’s body language and also his, uh, how his
emotion was, I gathered that, uh, it was the police that was calling him and
that, um, it was about two girls who to---the two runners whose names I have
mentioned, uh, who said something about him and it was along the lines of
molest. And after the phone call, when I asked him, he said, um, (Ms W) and
(Ms C) went to the police station.

[emphasis added]

135 After the remittal hearing, the District Judge rejected Ms Monteiro’s
testimony for the following reasons:

(a) Ms Monteiro had never directly heard the caller’s voice and was not in a
position to identify the caller as a police officer. She had merely
extrapolated that Mr Loh had been speaking to a police officer from references
to “police station”. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Remittal Findings at [62].

(b) There were external inconsistencies between Ms Monteiro’s testimony and Mr
Loh’s testimony, which include:

(i) Ms Monteiro testifying that Mr Loh was agitated from the start of the
call, where Mr Loh’s version had been more of a progression; 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Remittal Findings at [63].

(ii) Ms Monteiro never heard Mr Loh’s ultimatum that he would not attend at
the police station unless the officer had given him the name of the accusers,
which formed the crux of Mr Loh’s testimony; 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Remittal Findings at [64].

(iii) Ms Monteiro testifying that she heard Mr Loh reference the word “molest”
which differed from Mr Loh’s account that he had never used the word “molest”
during the call; 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Remittal Findings at [62].

and

(iv) Ms Monteiro’s testifying that the interaction had involved just one long
call, rather than two calls with a 28 second separation. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Remittal Findings at [64].

(c) Ms Monteiro was also unable to recall that her race has been held at
5.30pm on 31 July 2016, rather than her indication of 9.15am in her statutory
declaration, which further compromised her credibility. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Remittal Findings at [65].

136 In my view, the District Judge’s rejection of Ms Monteiro’s evidence
showed, once again, the District Judge’s different treatment of the
Prosecution’s witnesses and Defence’s witnesses. Little latitude was accorded
to Ms Monteiro for the minor inconsistencies in her testimony which was given
more than five years after the alleged calls took place on 31 July 2016.
Contrary to the Remittal Findings, I am inclined to believe her account
notwithstanding the minor inconsistencies she made in relation to the timing
of the race and the exact content of the call.

137 First, I find it probable that Ms Monteiro would have been at Choa Chu
Kang stadium early in the morning that day. Although Ms Monteiro’s race was
rescheduled from 10.15am to 5.30pm that day, she would only have been informed
of the postponement when she reported for her morning race at about 9.35am to
9.45am (30 to 40 minutes before 10.15am). This meant that it was possible for
Ms Monteiro to have met Mr Loh at around 9.28am that morning.

138 The Prosecution argued that it is impossible for Ms Monteiro to have met
Mr Loh at around 9.28am because she testified that she remained with Mr Loh
for an hour after the call and went to buy lottery for him later. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Supp ROP at p 96 line 19 to p 97 line 9.

The Prosecution says that if Ms Monteiro he had met Mr Loh at around 9.28am,
she would have had to report to her morning race at about 9.35am to 9.45am,
which would be inconsistent with her testimony that she remained with Mr Loh
for an hour after the call.

139 I find the Prosecution’s argument unconvincing. The race official’s
evidence is that athletes would usually report 30 to 40 minutes before their
race, 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Supp ROP at p 385; Supp ROP at p192, lines 14 to 17.

but this is a rough estimate — some athletes may report slightly earlier or
slightly later. It is therefore entirely plausible for Ms Monteiro to have
reported for her race before 9.28am, after which she bumped into Mr Loh and
stayed with him.

140 Furthermore, I agree with Mr Loh’s submissions that the inconsistencies
highlighted by the District Judge are not material and did not destroy Ms
Monteiro’s credibility:

(a) Ms Monteiro’s recollection that Mr Loh only took one long call, instead of
two distinct calls, is a minor inconsistency given the two calls were seconds
apart. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

Appellant’s Further Submissions (“AFS”) at [44].

(b) Ms Monteiro’s testimony that the word “molest” was used did not materially
contradict Mr Loh’s testimony, given that more than five years have passed and
the parties are not expected to provide a verbatim account of the phone call.
223

##### Foot Note 223

×

AFS at [31].

(c) Ms Monteiro’s testimony that Mr Loh appeared “angry” is not materially
inconsistent with Mr Loh’s own description that he was in disbelief and shock.
224

##### Foot Note 224

×

AFS at [65]-[66].

141 Therefore, considering the contemporaneous communications between Ms C and
Ms Eng, IO Goh’s phone records, and Ms Monteiro’s testimony, I am of the view
that the District Judge erred in relying on Mr Loh’s knowledge of the
identities of the two complainants, and his action of producing photographs of
him and the two complainants to the police at the meeting on 2 August 2016, as
being indicative of his guilty mind. For completeness, I should state that I
find that the District Judge wrongly found that Mr Loh was already aware of
the “proximate date and time of the offence” well before the session to take
his statement on 2 August 2016. In this connection, the District Judge focused
on the fact that Mr Loh produced a photograph of Ms C’s birthday celebration
in April 2013, the month after the alleged molests in March 2013. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

ROP at p 3707, Exhibit P23-1.

However, it should be noted that Mr Loh only trained Ms C for a few months. If
he had been informed by the police that Ms C had lodged a complaint against
him for molest, there was only a limited range of dates in which the alleged
offences could have occurred. Furthermore, Mr Loh had provided a number of
photographs to the police on 2 August 2016. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

ROP at pp 3720 to 3724, Exhibit P25,

It is wrong to focus on one specific photograph in April 2013 and conclude
that Mr Loh knew the approximate timing of the alleged offences.

142 Therefore, I fail to see how it can be said that Mr Loh’s conduct at the
police meeting on 2 August 2016 was pre-emptive or indicative of his guilty
mind. Accordingly, I find that the District Judge erred in relying on such an
inference of Mr Loh’s “guilty conscience” to convict Mr Loh of the charges.

Issue 4: Whether Ms C is an unusually convincing witness

143 Having considered both the Prosecution’s and Defence’s case, I now return
to the overarching question as to whether Ms C is an unusually convincing
witness.

144 I begin with the context. It bears reminding that as a coach, Mr Loh
provided massages to athletes. Mr Loh admitted to giving Ms C massages once or
twice, and Ms C accepted that there was this prevalent practice amongst
coaches. Against this backdrop, Ms C’s testimony is that Mr Loh then took
advantage of her. However, assessed as a whole, her accounts of both the
incidents were not cogent, and were lacking in relation to the material
details of the alleged acts of molest (which went beyond the boundaries of
normal massages after intensive training). For the first charge, she was
unclear where the contact occurred, saying that “vagina” was “the part in
between the legs”. She also said the contact could have been accidental. Her
failure to identify the exact part of her body that Mr Loh has allegedly
touched for the second charge, and her embellishment as to its effects ie,
that she experienced an orgasm, were unsatisfactory. As expressed in the near-
contemporaneous WhatsApp messages with Ms W, Mr A and Ms Eng, she was
generally uncomfortable with the massages. But that is not the crux of the
charges. For the reasons explained above, her complaints in the WhatsApp
messages about the acts of molest (which went beyond the normal massages) must
be treated with caution. Taken together with her immediate conduct after the
second charge, I have grave hesitation in relying on Ms C’s testimony that she
was touched at the vulva region.

145 I also add that Ms C continued to attend group training sessions with Mr
Loh until August 2013. In May 2013, she sought his advice on which university
course to pursue. On 28 February 2015, she also attended a social gathering
with Mr Loh. While it is the Prosecution’s position that Ms C had taken
precautions by avoiding any other individual training sessions with Mr Loh,
such subsequent conduct remains somewhat incongruent with the allegations made
against Mr Loh, especially in relation to the second charge. Despite all these
unsatisfactory aspects of the Prosecution’s case, individually and
collectively, the District Judge nonetheless assessed them not to affect the
strength of Ms C’s testimony. With due respect, I find this evaluation to be
wrong.

146 For completeness, I deal with the question whether Ms C had any intention
to frame Mr Loh. Ms C lodged the FIR on 30 June 2016. Ms C had read a
newspaper report about a coach being accused of molest. Thinking the offender
could be Mr Loh, she decided to lodge the police report because she was
worried that other new trainees might suffer her plight while training under
Mr Loh. However, as it transpired, the newspaper report concerned a different
coach. What I find troubling is that Ms C’s communications with Ms W at that
time revealed some strongly worded condemnation of sexual offenders in
general. If Ms C had misunderstood Mr Loh’s conduct in 2013, there is the
distinct possibility that over the three years, this misunderstanding might
have deepened (especially after more conversations with Ms W and Mr A with
whom she had continued to confide in). Unfortunately, I could not discount the
possibility that there was a build-up of mistrust towards Mr Loh over the
three years. Precipitated by the newspaper report, and coupled with her strong
sentiments against sexual offenders, the complaint was eventually made in
2016.

147 I note that even during her examination-in-chief on 24 January 2018, Ms C
continued to express her strong condemnation of sexual offenders: 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

ROP at p 270, lines 9 to 17.

…. Like I just want to have enough money to go on, well, join the UN firm
under organization, on like features like around this. All these sick pervert
up and like just---you know, really I just wish I could just chop off all
these like---like molesters and rapist’s dicks, you know like, just---just
chop off every body parts that they have that you can insert it into someone’s
vagina you know. Like it makes you so angry.

[emphasis added]

The District Judge found that Ms C’s strong condemnation of sexual offenders
did not affect the credibility of her account because it could be a result of
her “cathartic release” or frustration from her “prolonged stints of cross-
examination”. He noted that “[i]t would however have helped the coherence of
the defence case had there been a clearly articulate motive on the part of Ms
C”. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

GD at [402] to [403].

While I do not disagree with the District Judge that there is no evidence that
Ms C had any malicious intention to frame Mr Loh, there is the real concern
discussed which, as Mr Loh points out, has not been considered by the District
Judge (see [28] above). In my view, this lack of a motive to frame Mr Loh is,
at best, a neutral factor in the case.

148 As the Prosecution’s case contains a reasonable doubt as to Mr Loh’s
guilt, I reiterate that Mr Loh should be acquitted of both offences for this
reason alone. At the risk of repetition, the weaknesses in Mr Loh’s defence
cannot ordinarily shore up the Prosecution’s case. In any event, as I have
found above, none of the Mr Loh’s alibis amounted to Lucas Lies that can
corroborate the Prosecution’s case. In relation to the second charge, Mr Loh
has shown a reasonable doubt as to his presence at Tampines Stadium on 15
March 2013. Also, there should not be an inference of a guilty mind drawn
against Mr Loh by virtue of his conduct during the statement recording on 2
August 2016. Having analysed Ms C’s evidence against the entirety of the case,
I am of the view that Ms C is not an unusually convincing witness.

Issue 5: Whether the Prosecution has breached its disclosure obligations under
Kadar or Nabill

149 Given my findings above, it is not necessary for me to address Mr Loh’s
arguments on the Prosecution’s breach of its disclosure obligations.

Conclusion

150 Before I conclude, I return to the fact that at the material time, there
was a prevalent practice in the athletic community for coaches to give
trainees massages after intensive training. If the practice remains today, the
community, including the coaches, should rethink and review the
appropriateness of such a practice. Should this continue to be a necessary
practice, there should be proper safeguards adopted to minimise the potential
for any abuse by the coaches of trainees, or in some cases, to prevent genuine
misunderstandings between coaches and trainees in the conduct of the massages.

151 In respect of the present appeal, I appreciate that this has been a long
and protracted trial, with its twists and turns, with the testimonies of many
witnesses to assess, and much information to sift through. Indeed, the
District Judge took care to provide his reasons in detail. That said, the
District Judge tended to resolve all doubts, discrepancies and contradictions
in favour of the Prosecution. In the final analysis, the serious doubts as to
the veracity of Ms C’s allegations cannot be dismissed. Accordingly, I find
that the District Judge has erred in finding that the Prosecution has proved
the elements of the first and second charges beyond a reasonable doubt. I
allow the appeal and acquit Mr Loh on both charges.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court| | |   
---|---|---|---  
  
Tan Chee Meng SC, Paul Loy Chi Syann and Calvin Ong Yik Lin (WongPartnership
LLP) for the appellant;

Gail Wong, Susanna Abigail Yim and Colin Ng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Mar 2023 (15:56 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

