Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 87

Originating Summons No 694 of 2021  
(Summons No 3816 of 2021)

In the matter of an application by the Attorney-General for an order of
committal for contempt of court

And

In the matter of Sections 3(1)(a) and 10(1) of the Administration of Justice
(Protection) Act 2016 (No 19 of 2016)

And

In the matter of Order 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed)

Between

| Attorney-General  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Xu Yuan Chen @ Terry Xu  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Contempt of Court — Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Attorney-General

  
v

  

Xu Yuan Chen (alias Terry Xu)

[2023] SGHC 87

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 694 of 2021
(Summons No 3816 of 2021)  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
29 November 2022, 23 February, 1 March 2023

6 April 2023 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 In HC/OS 694/2021 (“OS 694”), the Attorney-General (the “AG”) sought leave
to apply for an order of committal against Mr Xu Yuan Chen @ Terry Xu (“Mr
Xu”). Having obtained such leave, on 11 August 2021, the AG filed the present
application, ie, HC/SUM 3816/2021 (“SUM 3816”), alleging that Mr Xu committed
contempt of court under s 3(1)(a) of the Administration of Justice
(Protection) Act (Act 19 of 2016) (“AJPA”) by:

(a) intentionally publishing, sometime on 27 January 2021, an article titled
“Open letter to Singapore’s Chief Justice concerning omissions in ‘Opening of
Legal Year 2021’ speech” (the “Letter”) with stylistic edits (the “Article”)
on the website, https://www.theonlinecitizen.com (the “TOC Website”);

(b) intentionally publishing a post, on 27 January 2021 at about 10.20am, on
the Facebook page, “The Online Citizen Asia” (the “TOC Facebook Page”),
sharing the Article and reproducing an excerpt from the Article (the “Facebook
Post”); and

(c) alternatively, deliberately refusing to delete the Article from the TOC
Website and the Facebook Post from the TOC Facebook Page despite the demand of
the Attorney-General’s Chambers (the “AGC”) on 22 June 2021 for him to do so.

2 On 8 September 2021, Mr Xu filed HC/OS 917/2021 (“OS 917”) seeking leave to
apply for prohibiting orders to stop the AG from proceeding with SUM 3816, and
for declarations that SUM 3816 is in breach of, inter alia, Article 12(1) of
the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (the
“Constitution”). I dismissed OS 917 on 25 November 2021.

3 On 8 December 2021, Mr Xu appealed against my decision via CA/CA 68/2021. On
25 August 2022, the appeal was dismissed by the Court of Appeal. The Court of
Appeal held, inter alia, that there was no breach of Article 12(1) of the
Constitution and refused to grant Mr Xu leave to apply for the prohibiting
orders to prevent the AG from proceeding with SUM 3816 (see Xu Yuan Chen v
Attorney-General [2022] 2 SLR 1131 at [64] and [65]).

4 I now consider the merits of SUM 3816.

Background facts

5 At the material time, Mr Xu was the Chief Editor of The Online Citizen
(“TOC”), a news media platform accessible on the TOC Website. He was also the
owner and one of the administrators of the TOC Facebook Page. He admitted in
his statement to the police dated 9 March 2021 that he was the “only person
who has the authority to decides [sic] what article to publish on [the TOC
Website] and the [TOC Facebook Page]”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See Tan Keng Seng’s 1st Affidavit in HC/OS 694/2021 dated 8 July 2021 (“TKS
1st Affidavit”) at para 20; See TKS 1st Affidavit at p 27, at “Q9” and “A9”.

6 On 27 January 2021, Ms Julie Mary O’Connor (“Ms O’Connor”) published the
Letter on her blog, http://bankingonthetruth.com. Ms O’Connor is an Australian
citizen who now resides in Australia. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Julie Mary O’Connor’s Affidavit in HC/OS 917/2021 dated 25 October 2021 at
para 1; TKS 1st Affidavit at para 8.

She was previously a Singapore permanent resident. She departed from Singapore
on 7 July 2019. Since then, she has not returned. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

TKS 1st Affidavit at para 8; see TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 67–70 for the
screenshot of the Letter.

The content of the Letter (with Mr Xu’s stylistic edits) is set out at [8].
Sometime between 29 January 2021 and 16 June 2021, the Letter was removed from
Ms O’Connor’s blog. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

TKS 1st Affidavit at para 9; see TKS 1st Affidavit at p 159 for the screenshot
of the Letter on 16 June 2021 at 3.05pm.

7 On 27 January 2021, at about 9.12am, Mr Xu sent a Facebook message to the
Facebook user “Julie O’Connor” with a link to the Letter. Mr Xu then asked,
“Can repost this?”, to which the Facebook user “Julie O’Connor” replied “Yes”.
Mr Xu then replied, “Thanks”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

TKS 1st Affidavit at para 10; see TKS 1st Affidavit at p 161 for the
screenshot of the conversation.

8 Sometime on 27 January 2021, Mr Xu published the Letter within the Article
on the TOC Website. In fact, the content of the Article is identical to that
of the Letter, save for some stylistic edits. I reproduce the Article below: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 163–165 for the screenshot of the Article.

Dear Chief Justice Sundaresh Menon,

I recently read an online comment by Jonathan Pollard, a US-based lawyer.

He wrote: “If you build a legal system that is largely political, favours
people who have money/power, favours people who know the judges and are
connected to the power structure – it should not be the least bit surprising
that the system is riddled with dysfunction and inequity. Likewise, it should
not be surprising when the facts don’t matter, the calibre of advocacy becomes
largely irrelevant, and outcomes that leave the average person speechless,
confused, and shocked are par for the course.”

Immediately Singapore sprung to my mind, especially your Opening of the Legal
Year 2021 Speech. I was also reminded of my fight against a system which I
believe is riddled with inequity due to cronyism.

In your 2021 speech, it wasn’t what you said, but what you didn’t say that I
found concerning. You said, “… the quest for a sound system of justice begins
with the selection of judges with the appropriate temperament, ability and
integrity and commitment to carry out their heavy responsibilities. But even
so, judges are not infallible.”

You didn’t mention that judges in Singapore were selected, in addition to the
virtues mentioned, for their courage to seek/determine the truth.

Neither did you mention two very high-profile cases in 2020: that of Li
Shengwu and that of Lee Suet Fern.

Yes, Parti Liyani, which you did mention, may have been acquitted, but the
Singapore system of justice did fail her because justice delayed is justice
denied. In the case of Lee Suet Fern, a Queen’s Counsel has stated that the
findings of the Court of Three Judges were “legally unsound” and that it was a
“serious error” of judgment to find Lee Suet Fern guilty of professional
misconduct.

Neither you nor the Attorney-General made any mention of either of these two
cases. This omission led many to question if it was because Li Shengwu and Lee
Suet Fern were not prosecuted but persecuted due to a family feud between the
Prime Minister and his siblings.

Ironically, Li Shengwu was charged for comments made in a private Facebook
post that suggested the judiciary is not independent but is susceptible to
influence/pressure from the Government. It wasn’t Li Shengwu who is
undermining the confidence in the administration of justice; it is the Courts
themselves that is doing just that.

Aristotle stated, “Courage is the mother of all virtues because without it,
you cannot consistently perform the others.”

Were those involved in prosecuting Parti Liyani, Li Shengwu and Lee Suet Fern
doing so out of out of a fear of the political elites or as a favour to them?

To the layperson (e.g. me) the action against Parti Liyani appears to be
driven by the need to protect the Liew family, while the actions against Li
Shengwu and Lee Suet Fern appear to be driven by a fear of the Prime Minister.

If Lee Hsien Yang’s family members are not safe from persecution, then who is?
Just how equitable is the system of justice in Singapore?

This letter was first published on Julie O’Connor’s blog.

[emphasis in original]

9 The bolded phrases in the Article above contained hyperlinks to other web
pages, which I set out in the table below:

S/N| Phrases in the Article| Hyperlink  
---|---|---  
1| “Opening of the Legal Year 2021 Speech”| Contained a hyperlink to the
webpage: https://www.supremecourt.gov.sg/docs/default-source/default-document-
lbrary/cj-speech-for-oly-2021-final.pdf, which displayed a copy of the remarks
by Chief Justice Sundaresh Menon at the Opening of the Legal Year 2021 on 11
January 2021. 7

##### Foot Note 7

× TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 79–105, TKS-4.  
2| “Li Shengwu”| Contained a hyperlink to the webpage:
https://www.theonlinecitizen.com/2020/07/03/li-shengwu-agc-contempt-
proceedings-reflect-poorly-on-gvt-and-its-priorities/, which displayed an
article published by TOC titled “Li Shengwu: AGC contempt proceedings reflect
poorly on govt ‘and its priorities’”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

× TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 107–114, TKS-5.  
3| “Lee Suet Fern”| Contained a hyperlink to the webpage:
https://www.theonlinecitizen.com/2020/11/24/why-prosecute-lee-suet-fern-for-
helping-with-lkys-will-when-nothing-was-said-of-kwa-geok-choo-drafting-
lkys-1995-will-when-she-was-a-direct-beneficiary/, which displayed an article
by TOC on 24 November 2020 titled “Why prosecute Lee Suet Fern for helping
with LKY’s will when nothing was said of Kwa Geok Choo drafting LKY’s 1995
will when she was a direct beneficiary?” 9

##### Foot Note 9

× TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 117–125, TKS-6.  
4| “Parti Liyani”| Contained a hyperlink to the web page:
https://www.theonlinecitizen.com/2020/11/04/the-case-of-parti-liyani-all-you-
need-to-know/, which displayed an article published by TOC on 30 December 2020
titled “The case of Parti Liyani: All you need to know”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

× TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 128–137, TKS-7.  
5| “Queen’s Counsel has stated”| Contained a hyperlink to the web page:
https://www.theonlinecitizen.come/2021/01/09/legally-unsound-for-court-of-
three-judges-to-find-lee-suet-fern-guilty-of-professional-misconduct-says-
leading-queens-counsel/, which displayed an article published by TOC on 11
January 2021 titled “‘Legally unsound’ and ‘serious error’ for Court of Three
Judges to find Lee Suet Fern guilty of professional misconduct, says leading
Queen’s Counsel”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

× TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 139–155, TKS-8.  
6| “blog”| Contained a hyperlink to the original Letter on Ms O’Connor’s blog.  
  
10 On 27 January 2021, at about 10.20am, the Facebook Post was published on
the TOC Facebook Page, sharing the Article accompanied by text reproducing an
excerpt from the Article. I reproduce the excerpt in the Facebook Post below:
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 238–239.

“In your 2021 speech, it wasn’t what you said, but what you didn’t say that I
found concerning. You said, ‘… the quest for a sound system of justice begins
with the selection of judges with the appropriate temperament, ability and
integrity and commitment to carry out their heavy responsibilities. But even
so, judges are not infallible.”

You didn’t mention that judges in Singapore were selected, in addition to the
virtues mentioned, for their courage to seek/determine the truth.

Neither did you mention two very high-profile cases in 2020: that of Li
Shengwu and that of Lee Suet Fern.

Yes, Parti Liyani, which you did mention, may have been acquitted, but the
Singapore system of justice did fail her because justice delayed is justice
denied. In the case of Lee Suet Fern, a Queen’s Counsel has stated that the
findings of the Court of Three Judges were ‘legally unsound’ and that it was a
‘serious error’ of judgment to find Lee Suet Fern guilty of professional
misconduct.

Neither you nor the Attorney-General made any mention of either of these two
cases. This omission led many to question if it was because Li Shengwu and Lee
Suet Fern were not prosecuted but persecuted due to a family feud between the
Prime Minister and his siblings.”

…

11 During the two-month period from 18 January 2021 to 24 March 2021, the TOC
Website attracted 5,041,423 page views (of which 4,473,549 were unique page
views), while the Article on TOC’s Website attracted 4,310 page views (of
which 3,799 were unique page views). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Xu Yuan Chen @ Terry Xu’s 2nd Affidavit dated 9 November 2021 at p 5.

As of 2.29pm on 17 June 2021, the TOC Facebook Page was “liked” by 143,718
Facebook users and “followed” by 211,343 Facebook users. As of 1.43pm on 17
June 2021, the Facebook Post had received a total of 146 Facebook reactions
(comprising 118 “Like” reactions, 14 “Haha” reactions, seven “Wow” reactions,
six “Angry” reactions, and one “Love” reaction), 31 comments and 44 shares. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

TKS 1st Affidavit at para 17; see TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 239 and 247 for the
screenshot of the reactions to the Facebook Post.

12 On 22 June 2021, the AGC sent a letter of demand to Mr Xu, asking him to,
inter alia, remove and delete the Article and the Facebook Post from the TOC
website and TOC Facebook Page respectively by 5.00pm on 29 June 2021. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

TKS 1st Affidavit at para 24; see TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 268–270, TKS-24.

Mr Xu refused to do so. On 29 June 2021, Mr Xu’s solicitors wrote to the AGC,
disputing that he had committed contempt and stating that he would not give in
to the AGC’s demands. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 272–275, TKS-25.

Thereafter, these contempt proceedings commenced.

The applicable law

13 I now turn to the applicable law. The High Court’s jurisdiction to issue an
order of committal and punish for contempt is embodied in s 10(1) of the AJPA.
The present application concerns contempt by scandalising the court under s
3(1)(a) of the AJPA which I reproduce as follows:

3.—(1) Any person who —

(a) scandalises the court by intentionally publishing any matter or doing any
act that —

(i) imputes improper motives to or impugns the integrity, propriety or
impartiality of any court; and

(ii) poses a risk that public confidence in the administration of justice
would be undermined;

…

Explanation 1.—Fair criticism of a court is not contempt by scandalising the
court within the meaning of subsection (1)(a).

…

14 The actus reus for scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA is the
publication of any material or commission of any act that (a) imputes improper
motives to or impugns the integrity, propriety or impartiality of any court,
and (b) poses a risk that public confidence in the administration of justice
would be undermined. The court adopts an objective interpretation of the
alleged contemptuous material in question (Attorney-General v Wham Kwok Han
Jolovan and another matter [2020] 3 SLR 446 (“Jolovan Wham (HC)”) at [36]) and
determines the objective effect the material will have on an average
reasonable person (Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General [2011] 3 SLR 778
(“Shadrake”) at [32]).

15 As regards the meaning of “risk”, the law has departed from the previous
common law test of “real risk” as articulated by the Court of Appeal in
Shadrake. Presently, to ascertain the existence of a “risk” in this context,
the court is simply guided by this central question: “Is the risk one that the
reasonable person coming across the contemptuous statement would think needs
guarding against so as to avoid undermining public confidence in the
administration of justice?” [original emphasis omitted] (see the Court of
Appeal decision of Wham Kwok Han Jolovan v Attorney-General and other appeals
[2020] 1 SLR 804 (“Jolovan Wham (CA)”) at [38]).

16 The mens rea under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA is that of intention. It is
sufficient to prove that the contemnor intended to publish the contemptuous
material, but there is no need to prove that the contemnor had an intention to
undermine public confidence in the administration of justice (see s 3(2) of
the AJPA and Au Wai Pang v Attorney-General [2016] 1 SLR 992 (“Au Wai Pang”)
at [17(c)]).

17 According to Explanation 1 to s 3 of the AJPA, fair criticism of a court is
not contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA. To constitute fair criticism, the
statement must (a) have some objective or rational basis; (b) be made in good
faith and be respectful; and (c) generally be expressed in a temperate and
dispassionate manner (Jolovan Wham (CA) at [41] and Attorney-General v Tan
Liang Joo John and others [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1132 at [15]–[23]). The legal burden
falls on the AG to prove that the impugned statement does not constitute fair
criticism (Jolovan Wham (CA) at [19]).

18 Finally, the standard of proof for establishing contempt is that of beyond
a reasonable doubt: s 28 of the AJPA. Having set out the applicable legal
principles, I turn to the parties’ cases.

Parties’ cases

The AG’s case

19 As mentioned at [1] above, the AG’s position is that Mr Xu’s publication of
the Article and the Facebook Post constitutes contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the
AJPA. The AG argues that the content of the Article impugns the integrity and
impartiality of the Judiciary because it imputes, inter alia, that (a)
Singapore’s legal system is “largely political, favours people who have
money/power, favours people who know judges and are connected to the power
structure” and is “riddled with inequity due to cronyism”; 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AG’s Written Submissions (“AWS”) at para 12.

(b) local judges are not selected for their courage to seek or determine the
truth, and “they prioritise other ends over truth-finding”; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AWS at para 13.

and (c) the courts’ rulings against Lee Suet Fern (“Mrs Lee”) and Li Shengwu
(“Mr Li”) in the cases against them were the result of “persecution” due to a
“family feud between the Prime Minister and his siblings”, and that the
Judiciary is “complicit in political persecution by deciding matters under
political influence”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AWS at paras 14–15 and 22.

The AG argues a risk is posed that public confidence in the administration of
justice would be undermined, especially given the actual and potential reach
of the Article and the Facebook Post. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AWS at paras 18–21.

20 The AG further argues that the Article and the Facebook Post do not
constitute fair criticism because they did not provide any rational or
evidential basis for their allegations and imputations. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AWS at para 22.

The Article and the Facebook Post made no attempt to discuss the facts or
merits of Mrs Lee’s and Mr Li’s cases, or the courts’ reasoning therein, and
cannot be said to be an objective assessment of the soundness of those
decisions made in good faith. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AWS at para 22 and 31.

21 The AG also submits that it is no defence that the Article and the Facebook
Post merely reproduced the content of the Letter, which had originally been
written by Ms O’Connor, because liability for contempt is not limited to the
original authors of contemptuous material. For this proposition, the AG points
to s 18 of the AJPA which contemplates that a person may be liable for
contempt despite not having authored the impugned material. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AWS at para 23.

22 Lastly, the AG argues, as an alternative ground, that Mr Xu’s deliberate
refusal to remove the Article and the Facebook Post constitutes contempt of
court under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AWS at para 32.

By deliberately refusing to remove the Article and the Facebook Post, Mr Xu
caused the contemptuous material to continue to be disseminated for the
duration that they remain online, which constitutes continuing publication. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AWS at para 36.

23 In relation to sentencing, the AG argues that the appropriate sentence is a
fine of S$20,000 to be paid within two weeks from the date of the sentence,
with a term of ten days’ imprisonment in default of payment of the fine. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AWS at para 38.

The AG contends that (a) Mr Xu’s level of culpability is high and that he
showed a lack of remorse, given that he refused to apologise or remove the
Article and the Facebook Post despite being notified by the AGC that the
publications contained contemptuous allegations; 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AWS at para 46.

(b) the contemptuous allegations are grave because they attack the
impartiality and independence of the judiciary; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AWS at para 47 and 53.

(c) the contemptuous allegations were likely, and are likely still being,
distributed widely among the public; 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AWS at para 49.

and (d) would-be contemnors must be deterred from repeating these allegations.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AWS at para 50.

24 The AG further submits that Mr Xu’s overall culpability is greater than the
contemnors in Au Wai Pang, Jolovan Wham (CA) and Attorney-General v Li Shengwu
(Originating Summons No 893 of 2017) (Summons No 4013 of 2017) (“Li Shengwu”),
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Oral Judgment dated 29 July 2020 in HC/OS 893/2017 (HC/SUM 4013/2017) at Tab
3, AG’s Bundle of Authorities.

in which the contemnors were fined S$8,000, S$5,000 and S$15,000 respectively.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AWS at paras 54–59.

25 The AG also seeks an order for Mr Xu to delete and cease further
publication of the Article and the Facebook Post. The AG refers to Jolovan
Wham (HC) for the proposition that s 9(d) of the AJPA preserves the court’s
power to issue injunctions, including prohibitory and mandatory injunctions.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AWS at para 62.

Mr Xu’s case

26 Mr Xu argues that the Article and the Facebook Post do not impugn the
integrity and impartiality of the Judiciary under s 3(1)(a)(i) of the AJPA
because it is clear that the Letter was criticising the way AGC handles
prosecutions, and not the Judiciary or the courts. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions (“RWS”) at para 26.

Insofar as the Letter criticises the omissions in the Chief Justice’s speech
at the Opening of the Legal Year 2021, it is not a scandalising comment
because it amounts to fair criticism. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

RWS at para 27.

Mr Xu argues that s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the AJPA is also not satisfied because a
reasonable person reading the Article and the Facebook Post would not conclude
that they pose a risk of undermining public confidence in the administration
of justice. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

RWS at para 30.

27 Mr Xu contends that if it were clear that the Article and the Facebook Post
were so contemptuous and posed a risk of undermining public confidence in the
administration of justice, the AG would have requested for them to be taken
down on 29 January 2021 when the investigations started and would not have
waited until 8 March 2021 before raiding Mr Xu’s premises, and until 22 June
2021 before asking Mr Xu to take them down. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

RWS at para 31.

28 In relation to sentencing, Mr Xu argues that the appropriate sentence
should be a fine of no more than S$3,000 with four days’ imprisonment in
default of payment of the fine. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

RWS at para 33.

Mr Xu argues that he is less culpable than the contemnors in Jolovan Wham (CA)
and John Tan, who were both only fined S$5,000 with one week’s imprisonment in
default. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

RWS at paras 34–35.

29 As regards the AG’s prayer for Mr Xu to cease and desist from future
publication, while Mr Xu does not dispute that the court may grant such an
order, he submits that it should not be granted. This is because the TOC “went
offline in September 2021”, and the TOC Website and the TOC Facebook Page
“were deactivated in September 2021”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

RWS at para 32.

Reference was made to the cancellation of the class licence of The Online
Citizen Pte Ltd (“TOCPL”) by the Infocomm Media Authority (“IMDA”). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

RWS at Tab 2.

Further submissions

30 During the hearing on 29 November 2022, Mr Xu’s counsel, Mr Lim Tean (“Mr
Lim”), reiterated that the TOC Website and the Facebook Page have already been
removed. He also stated that the operating rights of both the TOC Website and
the TOC Facebook Page have been transferred from the TOCPL to a Taiwanese
entity.

31 Ms Kristy Tan SC (“Ms Tan”), counsel for the AG, however, submitted that in
September 2022, both the TOC Website and the TOC Facebook Page were
reactivated. The Article and the Facebook Post were still accessible to the
public. Further, Ms Tan argued that Mr Xu was in control and had the power to
take down the contemptuous materials.

32 As these matters were not dealt with in the affidavits filed by the parties
prior to the first hearing, I directed the parties to file further affidavits
followed by further written submissions to address, inter alia, the following
matters: (a) who owned the TOC Website and the TOC Facebook Page?; (b) who had
operational control over the TOC Website and the TOC Facebook Page?; and (c)
whether the Article and Facebook Post were still publicly available on the TOC
Website and TOC Facebook Page respectively.

33 On 30 November 2022, the AG duly filed an affidavit stating that in October
2021, IMDA cancelled TOCPL’s class licence to provide licensable broadcasting
services, such as those provided on the TOC Website and the TOC Facebook Page.
However, in September 2022, both the TOC Website and TOC Facebook Page were
reactivated with the public announcement that the TOC “was not prohibited from
operating from outside of Singapore”, and that “both the operation of the
[TOC] website along with its social media platforms have been transferred to a
new company that is registered in Taiwan”. Mr Xu also separately announced
that he would be “relocating to Taiwan to start up a news media outlet”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Tan Keng Seng’s 3rd Affidavit dated 30 November 2022 (“TKS 3rd Affidavit”) at
paras 5–6.

Both the TOC Website and the TOC Facebook Page remained publicly accessible as
of 28 November 2022. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

TKS 3rd Affidavit at paras 7–8.

34 In his affidavit dated 14 December 2022, Mr Xu stated that the operating
rights of the TOC Website and TOC Facebook Page were transferred to a
Taiwanese entity, Miao Yi Infotech Ltd (“Miao Yi”), before 9 September 2022.
Miao Yi is a foreign entity with no connection with TOCPL. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Xu Yuan Chen @ Terry Xu’s 3rd Affidavit dated 14 December 2022 (Mr Xu’s 3rd
Affidavit) at paras 8–9 and 11.

Mr Xu further stated that the TOC Website was republished by Miao Yi on 16
September 2022 after being transferred to a web server in South Korea. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mr Xu’s 3rd Affidavit at para 9.

He also confirmed that while the content of the Article has been removed, the
web address of the Article remains valid, with a note stating that the content
had been removed due to contempt proceedings against Mr Xu. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Mr Xu’s 3rd Affidavit at para 13.

For completeness, I note that Mr Xu made no mention about whether the TOC
Facebook Page remained publicly accessible as of the date of his affidavit.
Neither did Mr Xu address the specific question as to who had control over the
TOC Website and TOC Facebook Page following the transfer to Miao Yi.

35 On 4 January 2023, the AG filed a reply affidavit stating that the Article
was still accessible on the TOC Website as of 4 January 2023. However, its
content had been replaced with the following sentence, “The letter by Julie
O’Connor is removed from this post due to a contempt of court charge against
Terry Xu in the Singapore Court”. Moreover, the Facebook Post also remained
publicly accessible, although the link to the Article in the Facebook Post led
to the amended form of the Article. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Tan Keng Seng’s 4th Affidavit dated 4 January 2023 (“TKS 4th Affidavit”) at
paras 6–8.

The AG also stated that, according to the “About Us” page on the TOC Website,
Mr Xu remained the Chief Editor of the TOC at the time the AG’s reply
affidavit was filed. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

TKS 4th Affidavit at para 11.

36 In light of the above, the AG submits in its further written submissions
dated 18 January 2023 that regardless of the new ownership structure of the
TOC, Mr Xu retains the power to completely remove the Article and the Facebook
Post and that he should be ordered to do so. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Applicant’s Further Written Submissions dated 18 January 2023 (“AFWS”) at
paras 13 and 19–20.

37 On the other hand, in his further written submissions dated 6 February
2023, Mr Xu maintains that since the hearing on 29 November 2022, both the
Article and the Facebook Post have been removed. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Respondent’s Further Written Submissions dated 6 February 2023 (“RFWS”) at
paras 1–2.

He also states that he has no intention to publish the same material in the
future again. Accordingly, Mr Xu takes the position that the court need not
make any order as regards the AG’s prayer for him to cease and desist from
future publication. To be clear, Mr Xu’s position is that only the Article,
and not the comments on the Article posted by the readers, has been removed
from the TOC Website. Mr Xu is of the view that there is no reason for the
comments to be removed as they do not form part of the Article complained of.
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

RFWS at paras 3–4 and 6.

38 At this juncture, I should add that Mr Xu had failed to comply with my
directions given during the hearing on 29 November 2022 that parties
concurrently file and exchange submissions by 18 January 2023. Moreover, Mr Xu
also raised two new points in his further submissions dated 6 February 2023 as
regards the removal of the Article and Facebook Post. In the premises, on 23
February 2023, I granted the AG leave to file a further affidavit (confined to
addressing the two new points) and further reply submissions.

39 In its affidavit dated 24 February 2023, the AG stated that the status of
the Article remained unchanged from 4 January 2023. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Tan Keng Seng’s 5th Affidavit dated 24 February 2023 (“TKS 5th Affidavit”) at
para 7.

However, the Facebook Post was no longer publicly accessible. Given that the
Facebook Post was still publicly accessible at the time of the filing of the
AG’s further written submissions on 18 January 2023, the AG stated that the
Facebook Post was removed from the TOC Facebook Page sometime after. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

TKS 5th Affidavit at paras 9–10.

Thus, it follows that the Facebook Post remained publicly accessible even
after Mr Xu’s averment on 14 December 2022 that its contents had been removed.

40 The AG submits, in its further reply submissions, that Mr Xu’s assertion
that he has no intention to publish the same material again is self-serving
and unsupported by any averment under oath. As such, there is no reason for
the court to believe this. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Applicant’s Further Written Submissions in Reply dated 24 February 2023
(“ARFWS”) at paras 3–5.

Mr Xu’s conduct, the AG submits, demonstrates that Mr Xu’s removal of the
contemptuous material had been piecemeal, selective, belated, and demonstrates
a lack of sincerity on his part. In the circumstances, an order for Mr Xu to
desist from publication of the Article and the Facebook Post remains
warranted. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ARFWS at para 6.

My decision

Contempt by intentionally publishing the Article on the TOC Website

41 I turn to the allegation that Mr Xu acted in contempt of court under s
3(1)(a) of the AJPA by intentionally publishing the Article on the TOC
Website. Turning to consider whether the actus reus of s 3(1)(a) is made out,
I note that Mr Xu does not dispute that he published the Article.

42 The dispute accordingly centres on whether the Article imputes improper
motives to or impugns the integrity, propriety, or impartiality of any court
under s 3(1)(a)(i) of the AJPA. In my view, on an objective interpretation,
the Article impugns the integrity and impartiality of the Singapore courts for
the following reasons.

43 The Article opens by citing an online comment by “Jonathan Pollard, a US-
based lawyer”, that “[i]f you build a legal system that is largely political,
favours people who have money/power, favours people who knows the judges and
are connected to the power structure – it should not be the least bit
surprising that the system is riddled with dysfunction and inequity” [emphasis
added]. This was followed by “Immediately Singapore sprung to my mind”. It
should be clear to any reasonable reader that the author was trying to convey
that Singapore’s legal system fits the descriptions by “Jonathan Pollard”,
being one that favours those who have money and power and those who know
judges. I agree with the AG that such insinuations, especially the insinuation
that Singapore’s system favours those who have connections with judges,
directly implicates the Singapore judiciary, and impugns the integrity and
impartiality of the courts and judges.

44 The Article goes on to point out that the Chief Justice’s speech at the
Opening of the Legal Year 2021 listed various virtues for which judges are
selected, but “didn’t mention that judges in Singapore were selected … for
their courage to seek/determine the truth” [emphasis added]. The implication
here is that Singapore judges are not selected for their courage to seek or
determine the truth. When read together with the previous allegation that
Singapore’s legal system favours those with money, power, and connections with
judges, I am of the view that a reasonable reader would interpret this portion
of the Article to mean that Singapore judges are not impartial and prioritise
other considerations over truth-finding in dealing with their cases.

45 The Article then refers to recent legal proceedings against Mrs Lee and Mr
Li, stating that the omissions of these cases in the Chief Justice’s speech
“led many to question if it was because [Mr Li] and [Mrs Lee] were not
prosecuted but persecuted due to a family feud between the Prime Minister and
his siblings”. The Article also stated that a Queen’s Counsel had commented
that the court’s findings in Mrs Lee’s matter were “legally unsound” and a
“serious error” of judgment. In that regard, the Article included a hyperlink
to an article by TOC on 11 January 2021 which reported the statements of
Timothy Dutton CBE QC and Sir David Thomas Rowell Lewis, the Lord Mayor of
London, in which they criticised the court’s decision in Mrs Lee’s matter.
Taken together, I am of the view that the Article creates the impression to a
reasonable reader that the court arrived at the decision in Mrs Lee’s matter
for political reasons, namely, the “family feud between the Prime Minister and
his siblings”. This is, once again, a direct attack on the integrity,
propriety, and impartiality of the court. The reference to “Queen’s Counsel”
also conjures a false sheen of legitimacy which would cause a reasonable
layperson reading the Article to form the view that there is some legitimacy
to this allegation.

46 Next, the following paragraph of the Article states:

… [Mr Li] was charged for comments made in a private Facebook post that
suggested the judiciary is not independent but is susceptible to
influence/pressure from the Government: It wasn’t [Mr Li] who is undermining
the confidence in the administration of justice; it is the Courts themselves
that is doing just that.

[emphasis added]

I am of the view that the emphasised portion of the extract is a direct attack
on the Singapore courts. It directly accuses the courts of deciding cases
under political influence, rather than on their merits, thus undermining
public confidence in the administration of justice.

47 The Article then raises the question, “[w]ere those involved in prosecuting
Parti Liyani, [Mr Li] and [Mrs Lee] doing so out of out of a fear of the
political elites or as a favour to them?” [emphasis added], before stating
that “[t]o the layperson (e.g. me) the action against Parti Liyani appears to
be driven by the need to protect the Liew family, while the actions against
[Mr Li] and [Mrs Lee] appear to be driven by a fear of the Prime Minister”
[emphasis added]. These sentences, prima facie, appear to be criticisms
directed at the AGC, suggesting that it commenced actions against these
individuals out of political motives. However, the Article immediately went on
to pose a final question: “If Lee Hsien Yang’s family members are not safe
from persecution, then who is? Just how equitable is the system of justice in
Singapore?” [emphasis added]. The reference to “the system of justice in
Singapore” necessarily includes the Judiciary. Reading these sentences
together, I am of the view that a reasonable reader would understand that the
criticisms were directed not only at the AGC, but also other institutions in
Singapore’s legal system, which includes the Judiciary. The gist of the
Article’s allegation is that the AGC and the courts are complicit in the
persecution of certain people in Singapore for political reasons.

48 For these reasons, I am of the view that the Article, when read as a whole,
suggests to a reasonable reader that: (a) the Singapore courts favour those
who have money, power or connections with judges; (b) Singapore’s judges are
not selected for their courage to seek or determine the truth; and (c) the
courts are complicit with the AGC in the political persecution of certain
people and are deciding cases based on political reasons rather than on their
merits. Therefore, I am of the view that the Article impugns the integrity,
impartiality, and propriety of the courts and that s 3(1)(a)(i) of the AJPA is
made out.

49 Mr Xu argues that he understood the Letter “to be a criticism of the [AGC]
in the way prosecutions are handled in Singapore” and “not… as an attack on
the integrity of the Singapore Judiciary or an attempt to scandalise it”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

RWS at para 7.

In illustrating this, Mr Xu refers to two sentences which say, “[Mr Li] and
[Mrs Lee] were not prosecuted but persecuted due to a family feud due to a
family feud between the Prime Minister and his siblings”, and “Were those
involved in prosecuting Parti Liyani, [Mr Li] and [Mrs Lee] doing so out of
out of a fear of the political elites or as a favour to them?”. Mr Xu argues
that these sentences suggest that the author is criticising the AGC, and not
the Judiciary, for its role in prosecuting those individuals.

50 I see no merit in this argument. As I have explained at [47] above, the
attacks were targeted at Singapore’s “system of justice” which necessarily
includes the Judiciary. Just because the Article criticises the way
prosecutions were handled in these cases does not mean that it cannot also be
a simultaneous attack on the Judiciary. This is especially when there are
direct attacks on the Judiciary in the earlier parts of the Article, ie, that
Singapore’s legal system favours those who have connections with the judges,
that judges are not selected for their courage to seek or determine the truth,
and that the courts are undermining the administration of justice in
Singapore. Reading the Letter as a whole, it is clear that while there was
criticism of the way prosecutions are handled in Singapore, there was also an
attack on the Judiciary’s integrity, propriety, and impartiality. This brings
the Letter (and consequently, the Article which reproduced the Letter) within
the ambit of s 3(1)(a)(i) of the AJPA.

51 Mr Xu also argues that Ms O’Connor is a layperson and that her criticisms
of the legal system and “system of justice” in Singapore were not meant to be
attacks on the courts. I find this argument unconvincing. First, I am of the
view that even to a layperson, the courts will certainly be regarded as part
of a country’s legal system. Second, and more importantly, the question for me
to decide is not what Ms O’Connor subjectively meant by the statement, but
what the objective effect of the statement on the average reasonable person
would be: Shadrake at [32]–[35]. As I have explained at [48] above, an
objective, reasonable person will understand the Article to be an attack on
the integrity, impartiality, and propriety of the courts. Consequently, I find
that s 3(1)(a)(i) of the AJPA has been made out.

52 Next, I turn to consider whether the Article poses a risk of undermining
public confidence in the administration of justice under s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the
AJPA. The Court of Appeal has observed that “[a]n assertion that a Judiciary
would decide matters otherwise than in accordance with the merits is self-
evidently among the most serious attacks that one can make against courts and
the administration of justice” and “goes to the very heart and essence of the
judicial mission and oath”: Jolovan Wham (CA) at [33]. The Article, as
published on the TOC Website, was publicly available. The nature of the
assertions made in the Article, as described above, is that the courts decide
matters under political influence, rather than in accordance with the merits
of the cases. This directly impugns the independence and impartiality of the
judiciary and “would necessarily as well as undoubtedly undermine public
confidence in the judiciary”: Au Wai Pang at [37].

53 Mr Xu argues that if it was so clear that the Article and the Facebook Post
pose a risk of undermining public confidence in the administration of justice,
the AG would have asked him to remove the posts on 29 January 2021 when
investigations started, and not have waited for months before raiding Mr Xu’s
home on 8 March 2021 and requesting him to take down the post on 22 June 2021.
Mr Xu further claims that the delay was because the police was trying to find
evidence suggesting collusion between Mr Xu and Ms O’Connor. After the
investigations revealed nothing, the AG commenced the present committal
proceeding to “save face”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

RWS at para 18.

This argument is pure speculation on Mr Xu’s part, and there is absolutely
nothing to suggest anything improper in the AG’s conduct of these proceedings.
In any event, even if there was a delay in the bringing of these proceedings,
that does not alter the answer to the question as to whether the Article poses
a risk of undermining public confidence in the administration of justice which
is determined on an objective basis. Consequently, I dismiss Mr Xu’s argument
on this point and find that s 3(1)(a)(ii) has been made out on the facts.

54 Turning to consider the mens rea element under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA, I
note that Mr Xu does not contest this. Mr Xu was the Chief Editor and web
publisher of TOC. During investigations, he admitted to intentionally
publishing the Article on the TOC Website on 27 January 2021. I reiterate that
there is no need to prove that the contemnor had the intention to undermine
public confidence in the administration of justice (Au Wai Pang at [17(c)]).
Therefore, the mens rea under s 3(1)(a) is made out.

55 Lastly, I turn to consider whether the Article constitutes fair criticism.
Mr Xu argues that the Article is a fair criticism of the omissions in the
Chief Justice’s speech at the Opening of Legal Year 2021, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

RWS at para 27 and 29.

and a fair criticism of the judgments in the cases involving Mrs Lee and Mr
Li. The requirements of fair criticism have been set out at [17] above.

56 I am of the view that the Article does not constitute fair criticism.
Although the Article is framed as a criticism of the omissions in the Chief
Justice’s speech, the central message it seeks to convey is that the Chief
Justice did not mention certain cases because they arose from political
persecution and were not determined on their merits by the courts. No
objective or rational basis is provided for the allegation that the court
rulings against Mrs Lee and Mr Li were made under political influence. The
mere reference to a Queen’s Counsel’s criticisms of the findings in Mrs Lee’s
case as “legally unsound” does not offer any support for the conclusion that
the court’s ruling in that case was the result of “persecution” against Mrs
Lee. Furthermore, the allegations do not appear to be made in good faith. The
allegations made in the Article impugns the integrity and impartiality of the
court, which attacks the “very heart and essence of the judicial mission and
oath” (Jolovan Wham (CA) at [33]). Not only are these grave allegations
completely unsubstantiated, they are also not made in a respectful or
dispassionate manner, with statements describing Singapore’s legal system as
being “riddled with inequity due to cronyism” and asserting that “it is the
Courts themselves” that are undermining confidence in the administration of
justice. Therefore, considering (a) the nature of the allegations in the
Article; (b) the lack of any objective or rational basis for such allegations;
and (c) the lack of good faith in making such allegations, I am of the view
that the statements in the Article do not amount to fair criticism of the
courts.

57 As both the actus reus and mens rea under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA are
satisfied, and the Article does not constitute fair criticism, I find Mr Xu
guilty of contempt by publishing the Article on the TOC Website.

Contempt by intentionally publishing the Facebook Post on the TOC Facebook
Page

58 Next, the AG alleges that Mr Xu also committed contempt under s 3(1)(a) of
the AJPA by intentionally publishing the Facebook Post on the TOC Facebook
Page.

59 In relation to the element of publication, during investigations, Mr Xu
admitted that he was the “owner” of the TOC Facebook Page and had sole
authority to decide what would be published on it. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

TKS 1st Affidavit at p 27, at “Q9” and “A9”.

I agree with the AG that regardless of whether Mr Xu posted the Facebook Post
himself or instructed his staff to post it (in which case he would have caused
it to be published), the element of publication is satisfied. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AWS at para 28.

In any case, I note that Mr Xu does not appear to dispute this element.

60 As for s 3(1)(a)(i) of the AJPA, the Facebook Post shares a link to the
Article, accompanied by text reproducing the offending portions of the
Article. These include insinuations that judges in Singapore are not selected
for their courage to seek or determine the truth, and that Mrs Lee and Mr Li
were persecuted due to a family feud between the Prime Minister and his
siblings. The Article thus forms part of the Facebook Post, and the Facebook
Post had published and endorsed the views expressed in the Article. My
analysis at [42] to [48] applies with equal force to the Facebook Post.
Therefore, I find that the Facebook Post imputes improper motives to and
impugns the integrity, propriety and impartiality of the Singapore judiciary,
and that s 3(1)(a)(i) of the AJPA is satisfied.

61 In relation to s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the AJPA, I am of the view that the
Facebook Post poses a risk that public confidence in the administration of
justice would be undermined. Just like the Article, the Facebook Post
insinuates that the courts decide cases under political influence, rather than
in accordance with their merits, which “goes to the very heart and essence of
the judicial mission and oath” (Jolovan Wham (CA) at [33]). Furthermore, the
Facebook Page had 211,343 followers as of 1.43pm on 17 June 2021, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

See TKS 1st Affidavit at p 236 for the screenshot of the Facebook Post.

while the Facebook Post garnered a total of 146 Facebook reactions, 31
comments and 44 shares. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

TKS 1st Affidavit at para 17; see TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 239 and 247 for the
screenshot of the reactions to the Facebook Post.

The actual and potential reach of the Facebook Post further bolsters my
finding that it poses a risk that the statements made in it would undermine
public confidence within the meaning of s 3(1)(a)(ii) of the AJPA.

62 As for the mens rea requirement, Mr Xu does not seem to dispute that he
published the Facebook Post intentionally. I reiterate that all the AG has to
prove is that Mr Xu intended to publish the Facebook Post. There is no need to
prove that he intended to undermine public confidence in the administration of
justice: Au Wai Pang at [17(c)]. During investigations, Mr Xu admitted to
having sole authority to decide what would be published on the TOC Facebook
Page. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

TKS 1st Affidavit at p 27, at “Q9” and “A9”.

In the absence of any evidence suggesting that the Facebook Post was posted
without Mr Xu’s instructions or knowledge, I find that Mr Xu had intentionally
published the Facebook Post on 27 January 2021, and that the mens rea element
under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA is made out.

63 For the same reasons set out at [56], I am of the view that the Facebook
Post does not constitute fair criticism. Consequently, I find Mr Xu guilty of
contempt under s 3(1)(a) for intentionally publishing the Facebook Post on the
TOC Facebook Page.

Contempt by refusing to remove the Article and Facebook Post

64 Lastly, the AG also raises the alternative argument that Mr Xu had acted in
contempt of court under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA by refusing to remove the
Article from the TOC Website and the Facebook Post from the TOC Facebook Page
despite the AGC’s demand on 22 June 2021. At the hearing, Ms Tan clarified
that this allegation is an alternative one, should liability not be found on
the basis of the first two allegations. If liability is found, as is the case
now, the question becomes one of whether the refusal to remove may be regarded
as an aggravating factor in relation to the punishment to be imposed, to which
I now turn.

Punishment

65 Under s 12(1)(a) of the AJPA, contemnors found liable for contempt of court
under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA may be punished with a fine of up to S$100,000, or
with imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years, or with both. The AG
submits that the appropriate punishment should be a S$20,000 fine with ten
days’ imprisonment in default of payment. Mr Xu argues that the fine should be
no more than S$3,000 with four days’ imprisonment in default of payment.

66 In Shadrake, the Court of Appeal identified several non-exhaustive factors
that may be considered when the court determines the appropriate sentence for
scandalising contempt at common law (at [147]). These remain relevant under s
12(1)(a) of the AJPA (see Jolovan Wham (CA) at [49]) and include:

(a) the culpability of the contemnor;

(b) the nature and gravity of the contempt;

(c) the number of contemptuous statements made;

(d) the type and extent of dissemination of the contemptuous statements; and

(e) the importance of deterring would-be contemnors from following suit.

67 In the present case, I am of the view that the following are relevant
considerations.

68 First, Mr Xu’s culpability is high. He had carefully perused the content of
the Letter, as evidenced by the stylistic edits he made when reproducing the
Letter as the Article and his selection of the accompanying text for the
Facebook Post. As the Chief Editor of TOC, a website which professes to be
“Singapore’s longest-running independent online media platform”, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

TKS 1st Affidavit at p 173.

he failed to practise responsible journalism, and instead proceeded to publish
scurrilous allegations against the courts in the Article and the Facebook Post
to influence the opinions of TOC’s readers on the same morning (27 January
2021) that Ms O’Connor published the Letter on her blog.

69 Second, Mr Xu’s culpability is aggravated by the fact that he showed a
complete lack of remorse for his actions. He persisted in maintaining the
Article on the TOC Website and the Facebook Post on the TOC Facebook Page even
after AGC informed him that the publications contained contemptuous
allegations. To date, Mr Xu has also not apologised for his actions.

70 Third, the Article and the Facebook Post are rife with grave allegations
levelled against the Judiciary. As I have mentioned above at [52] and [56],
the allegations go to the very heart and essence of the judicial mission and
oath, insinuating that the courts decide matters under political influence,
rather than in accordance with their merits.

71 Fourth, the actual and potential reach of the Article and the Facebook Post
is another aggravating factor. The Article and the Facebook Post were
accessible to the public at large as of 27 January 2021. As mentioned at [11]
above, between 18 January 2021 and 24 March 2021, the TOC Website attracted
5,041,423 page views, while the Article on TOC’s Website attracted 4,310 page
views. As of 17 June 2021, the TOC Facebook Page was “liked” by 143,718
Facebook users and had 211,343 followers, while the Facebook Post had received
a total of 146 Facebook reactions, 31 comments and 44 shares. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

TKS 1st Affidavit at para 17; see TKS 1st Affidavit at pp 239 and 247 for the
screenshot of the reactions to the Facebook Post.

Moreover, the Article and the Facebook Post would have been further
disseminated in the sense that when a reader “liked”, “shared” or commented on
the Facebook Post, it would have actively resurfaced on the news feeds of
other individuals.

72 In light of the above factors, I am of the view that a fine of S$18,000 is
an appropriate sentence. Such a sentence is also in line with the sentencing
precedents of Au Wai Pang, Jolovan Wham (CA) and Li Shengwu, which are as
follows:

(a) In Au Wai Pang, the contemnor (“Mr Au”) was fined S$8,000 for publishing
an article on his blog that insinuated that the Chief Justice and Justice
Quentin Loh had rescheduled certain hearings because of their vested and
improper interests in upholding the constitutionality of a particular
statutory provision. Mr Au removed his contemptuous article from his blog
(albeit not the posts responding to the article) after the court granted the
AG leave to apply for an order of committal against him (see Au Wai Pang at
[3(d)]). Mr Au also apologised for his actions (see Au Wai Pang at [10]).

(b) In Jolovan Wham (CA), the contemnor (“Mr Wham”) was fined S$5,000, with
one week’s imprisonment in default of payment of the fine. Mr Wham had
published a short post on his Facebook profile with a bare statement that
Singapore’s judges decide cases with political implications otherwise than in
accordance with their merits. Mr Wham did not show any remorse for his post as
he refused to remove it from his Facebook profile and apologise for his
conduct, even after he was found liable for contempt.

(c) In Li Shengwu, Mr Li was fined S$15,000, with one week’s imprisonment in
default of payment of the fine. Mr Li had published a post on Facebook, that
was viewable only by users who were his Facebook “Friends”, which conveyed
that the Judiciary decides legal proceedings brought by leaders of the
Government in their favour not by reason of the merits, but because it was
compliant and subservient to the Government. When the AG demanded Mr Li to
delete the offending post, he refused to do so. However, Mr Li amended his
post to remove the offending words and clarify what he purportedly meant. That
said, Mr Li expressed no contrition and refused to participate in the judicial
process of the contempt proceedings.

73 In my judgment, Mr Xu’s offending conduct is more egregious than that of
the contemnors in Au Wai Pang, Jolovan Wham (CA) and Li Shengwu and therefore
warrants a higher sentence than those cases. I say this for these reasons.

74 First, in terms of standing, Mr Xu’s position as Chief Editor of TOC, a
media outlet of general interest to the Singapore public, makes him a more
prominent figure with a wider reach compared to Mr Wham (a social activist)
and Mr Au (a blogger). At the hearing, Mr Lim argued that Mr Xu is in a
different position from Mr Li, who is a very public figure in Singapore, being
a member of the Prime Minister’s extended family. While Mr Xu, in his personal
capacity, may not be a public figure, the TOC is a relatively renowned
internet media outlet in Singapore, as evidenced by the millions of page views
within a mere span of two months between 18 January 2021 and 24 March 2021. I
agree with the AG that Mr Xu’s standing, in his capacity as the Chief Editor
of the TOC, is comparable in relation to Mr Li.

75 Second, the extent of publication in the present case greatly exceeds those
in the cases of Au Wai Pang, Jolovan Wham (CA) and Li Shengwu. In Au Wai Pang,
Mr Au only posted the contemptuous article on his blog, as compared to Mr Xu
who published the contemptuous statements on the website and social media page
of a media outlet of general interest to the Singapore public. In Jolovan Wham
(CA), Mr Wham published the contemptuous post on his Facebook account which
only had 7,200 Facebook followers (Jolovan Wham (CA) at [20]), as compared to
the 211,343 followers that the TOC Facebook Page had. In Li Shengwu, Mr Li
only posted his post on a “Friends only” privacy setting; it was one or more
of his Facebook “Friends” who republished the Post to the general public.

76 Third, Mr Xu’s degree of culpability is also higher than those of the
contemnors in Au Wai Pang and Li Shengwu. In Au Wai Pang, Mr Au had apologised
for his actions, which was taken into account by the judge in determining the
appropriate fine (see Au Wai Pang at [10]). In Li Shengwu, although Mr Li
refused to delete the offending post or apologise, he amended his post to
remove the offending words and to clarify what he purportedly meant. In the
present case, not only did Mr Xu refuse to apologise, he also refused to
remove the Article and the Facebook Post after the AGC issued him with a
letter of demand on 22 June 2021. The prolonged period of publication had
raised the risk of further republications of the contemptuous material by
readers.

77 Although the TOC Website and the TOC Facebook Page were deactivated in
September 2021, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

RWS at para 32.

from sometime in September 2022, the Article and the Facebook Post became
fully accessible on the reactivated platforms. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

TKS 3rd Affidavit at paras 7 and 8; See TKS 3rd Affidavit for screenshots of
the Article and the Facebook Post as of 28 November 2022 at pp 20 to 27 and 32
to 38.

While the content of the Article has since been replaced with the words, “The
letter by Julie O’Connor is removed from this post due to a contempt of court
charge against Terry Xu in the Singapore Court” (“the accompanying
statement”), this was only done between 28 November 2022 to 14 December 2022.
68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Mr Xu’s 3rd Affidavit at para 13.

As regards the Facebook Post, I note that the Facebook Post was eventually
removed in January or February 2023. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

TKS 5th Affidavit at paras 9–10.

I agree with the AG that Mr Xu’s actions do not demonstrate any genuine
remorse on his part. Indeed, I am of the view that Mr Xu’s removal of the
contemptuous material had been selective and belated, and he is more culpable
than the contemnors in Au Wai Pang and Li Shengwu.

78 Therefore, I am of the view that a higher fine should be imposed on Mr Xu
as compared to the contemnors in Au Wai Pang, Jolovan Wham (CA) and Li Shengwu
and that a fine of S$18,000 is appropriate in the circumstances. This should
be paid within four weeks of the sentence. In default of payment of the fine,
I impose a term of ten days’ imprisonment.

Other orders sought by the AG

79 I now turn to the AG’s prayer for an order that Mr Xu “is to delete the
Article and the Facebook Post from the [TOC Website] and the [Facebook Page]
respectively, and cease further publication of the Article and the Facebook
Post”.

80 In this connection, Mr Xu claims that the operating rights of the TOC
Website and the TOC Facebook Page have been transferred to Miao Yi, and that
the TOC website was republished by Miao Yi on 16 September 2022. However, it
is clear that Mr Xu still has power and control over the content that is
published on these platforms. First, the content of the Article was altered in
or around December 2022 and replaced with the accompanying statement
reproduced at [77] above. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

TKS 4th Affidavit at pp 8 to 9, Exhibit “TKS-32”.

Second, the public announcement on 16 September 2022 that TOC would be revived
and relocated was made via a post on the TOC Facebook Page that was signed off
personally by Mr Xu. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

TKS 4th Affidavit at p 26, Exhibit “TKS-35”.

Third, the current write-up on the “About Us” page on the TOC Website still
states that Mr Xu is the “Chief Editor” of TOC. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

TKS 4th Affidavit at p 24, Exhibit “TKS-34”.

81 These suggest to me that notwithstanding the transfer of TOC’s operating
rights to Miao Yi, Mr Xu continues to play a central and active role in TOC,
including controlling its online publications. In contrast, there is an
absence of evidence from Mr Xu to suggest that he has no control over the
contents of the TOC Website and the TOC Facebook page. In fact, he does not
address this issue in his affidavit of 14 December 2022 (see [34] above).

82 As for Mr Xu’s contention that the Article has been removed from the TOC
Website, this is not accurate. The title of the Article remains, with the
accompanying statement reproduced at [77] above. Therefore, I order Mr Xu to
delete the Article from the TOC Website. For the avoidance of doubt, Mr Xu is
to remove the title of the Article and the accompanying statement from the TOC
Website.

83 My order, however, does not extend to the removal of the webpage carrying
the Article itself, or the accompanying comments on the webpage which are left
by readers. The AG asks for the entire webpage to be taken down, so as to
include the removal of the comments. The AG argues that the comments continue
to breathe life into the initial contemptuous statements in the Article and
prevent them from fading from the public spotlight. However, during the
further hearing on 1 March 2023, Ms Tan accepted that the comments do not form
part of the Article, and that the comments by themselves are not contemptuous.
More importantly, the AG’s application in SUM 3816 did not define the Article
to include the comments on the webpage. As such, the prayer for the deletion
of the Article would not include the deletion of the comments. Accordingly, I
limit my order to only a deletion of the Article, including its title and the
accompanying statement, from the TOC Website.

84 In relation to the Facebook Post, a deletion order is no longer necessary
as it has already been removed, albeit only in January or February 2023. That
said, in light of Mr Xu’s cavalier attitude and lack of remorse, I am of the
view that it is necessary and appropriate for me to make an order restraining
Mr Xu from any future publication of the Facebook Post, along with the
Article. In this connection, given his conduct thus far, I do not accept Mr
Xu’s bare assertion that he has no intention to republish the contemptuous
material.

Conclusion

85 By reason of the above, I find Mr Xu liable for contempt under s 3(1)(a) of
the AJPA by intentionally publishing the Article on the TOC Website and for
intentionally publishing the Facebook Post on the TOC Facebook Page.

86 I impose a fine of S$18,000 to be paid within four weeks of the judgment.
In default of the payment of the fine, Mr Xu is to serve ten days of
imprisonment.

87 Further, I order Mr Xu to delete the Article (being the title and the
accompanying statement concerning the removal of the content of the Article)
from the TOC Website within seven days of the judgment. As explained above at
[83], this does not extend to the removal of the webpage, so as to remove the
comments which are left by readers.

88 As set out in [84] above, I also order Mr Xu to desist from any future
publication of the Article and the Facebook Post.

89 Finally, I deal with the costs of OS 694 (which were reserved) and SUM
3816. Having heard the parties’ submissions, I order costs of OS 694 fixed at
$4,000 (all in) and costs of SUM 3816 fixed at $8,000 (all in) to be paid by
Mr Xu to the AG.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Tan Ruyan Kristy SC, Jean Goh and Sivanathan Jheevanesh (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the applicant;

Lim Tean (Carson Law Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Apr 2023 (12:28 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

