Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 260

Originating Claim No 161 of 2023 (Summons No 1991 of 2023)

Between

| Asian Eco Technology Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Deng Yiming  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking out]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Asian Eco Technology Pte Ltd v Deng Yiming

[2023] SGHC 260

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 161 of 2023 (Summons
No 1991 of 2023)  
Hri Kumar Nair J  
10 August 2023

14 September 2023 Judgment reserved.

Hri Kumar Nair J:

Introduction

1 HC/SUM 1991/2023 (“SUM 1991”) is an application by the claimant (“AET”) to
strike out or expunge various pleadings, affidavits, exhibits and written
submissions (or parts thereof) (“the Offending Materials”), made or filed by
the defendant (“Deng”) in support of his defence in this action (“Deng’s
Defence”) as well as to oppose AET’s application for summary judgment in
HC/SUM 1488/2023 (“SUM 1488”). I grant AET’s application to expunge the
Offending Materials, save for paragraph 5 of Deng’s Defence. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Minute Sheet (10 Aug 2023) at p 4.

These are my reasons.

Background

2 The facts and issues in this action are set out in my grounds of decision
granting AET’s application in SUM 1488 (Asian Eco Technology Pte Ltd v Deng
Yiming [2023] SGHC 227) (“the SUM 1488 Grounds”) and I shall not repeat the
same here. It suffices to state that AET had claimed against Deng for
wrongfully converting, detaining and/or misappropriating 627 diamond seeds and
loose diamonds (collectively, “the Diamonds”), 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim at para 23.

which it alleged it had earlier purchased from X Diamond Capital Pte Ltd
(“XDC”), a company that was at all material times majority-owned and/or
controlled by Deng. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

2nd Affidavit of Hua Lei (29 May 2023) (“HL-2”) at para 7.

The Offending Materials

3 The Offending Materials are: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

HC/SUM 1991/2023; Minute Sheet (10 Aug 2023) at p 3–4; Claimant’s Written
Submissions in HC/SUM 1991/2023 (3 Aug 2023) (“CWS”) at paras 8–10.

(a) the following paragraphs and/or documents in the 1st Affidavit of Deng
Yiming (“the 1st Deng Affidavit”) enclosed to the 1st Affidavit of Shermaine
Lim Jia Qi filed on 31 May 2023 in SUM 1488:

(i) paragraphs 11–15 of the 1st Deng Affidavit;

(ii) tabs 4–7 of Exhibit “DYM-1” in the 1st Deng Affidavit;

(b) paragraphs 17–23 of Deng’s written submissions filed on 28 June 2023 in
SUM 1488 (“Deng’s Written Submissions”) as they refer to the paragraphs and
exhibits mentioned above;

(c) paragraph 5 of Deng’s Defence;

(d) as the 1st Deng Affidavit that was originally enclosed to the 1st
Affidavit of Shermaine Lim Jia Qi had since been filed in court on 12 July
2023 in SUM 1488, the same paragraphs and/or documents mentioned at (a) above;

(e) the entirety of the 1st Affidavit of Xu Kang filed on 19 July 2023 in SUM
1991 (“the 1st Xu Affidavit”); and

(f) paragraphs 11, 21–31, 37–44, tabs 1, 4 and 5 of Exhibit “DYM-3” in the 3rd
Affidavit of Deng Yiming filed on 8 August 2023 in SUM 1991 (“the 3rd Deng
Affidavit”).

4 The Offending Materials include, or refer to, the following documents:

(a) a Business Times article dated 23 August 2022 titled “Wu Yongqiang resigns
as executive chairman of Nutryfarm International” (“the Business Times
Article”);

(b) an announcement issued by Nutryfarm International Limited on the Singapore
Exchange dated 8 March 2022 (“the Nutryfarm announcement”);

(c) a “poison pen email” from an anonymous sender dated 9 November 2022 (“the
Email”), and passages in the 1st Xu Affidavit, in which allegations were made
of a personal relationship between Wu and one Ms “Samantha” Hua Lei (“Ms
Samantha”), a director of AET; and

(d) a draft unsigned version of the minutes of a meeting of Metech’s
Remuneration Committee on 26 August 2022 (“the RC Minutes”).

5 In essence, Deng is relying on the Offending Materials to assert that AET’s
parent company, Metech International Limited (“Metech”) and Ms Samantha were
under the control or influence of one Wu Yongqiang (“Wu”), and Wu was using
that control or influence to cause AET to “fabricate” and pursue this action
against Deng in the hope that it would stifle XDC’s claim against Wu in HC/OC
9/2023 (“OC 9”).

6 For context, OC 9 was an action brought by XDC against Wu on 6 January 2023
for a sum of $4,000,000 for shares in AET sold by XDC to Wu. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim in HC/OC 9/2023 (6 Jan 2023) at para 11.

On 4 July 2023, XDC entered judgment against Wu, after Wu obtained conditional
leave to defend the action but failed to meet the condition. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

HC/ORC 3016/2023.

Enforcement proceedings against Wu are ongoing. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

HC/ORC 4132/2023.

7 Some of the Offending Materials (“the OA 148 Documents”) were also included
in an affidavit filed by Deng (“the OA 148 Affidavit”) in Re X Diamond Capital
Pte Ltd (Metech International Ltd, non-party) [2023] SGHC 201 (“Re X Diamond
Capital”) and were ordered to be expunged by the court there. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

3rd Affidavit of Deng Yiming filed in HC/OA 148 2023 (5 May 2023) (“OA 148
Affidavit”).

That action involved XDC’s application in HC/OA 148/2023 (“OA 148”) to be
placed under judicial management. Metech, a creditor of XDC, opposed the
application. Deng filed the OA 148 Affidavit in response, alleging that Metech
was controlled by Wu and that Wu was “clearly making use of Metech, AGT and
AET to go after [XDC] and [Deng], in hope [sic] of depriving [XDC] from
pursuing its case against Mr Wu in OC 9”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

OA 148 Affidavit at para 29.

Deng also stated that if XDC’s judicial management application was refused,
“Metech will most likely pursue a winding up order against [XDC], with its
preferred liquidator to be appointed” and that it would be “extremely likely
that in such a scenario, [XDC’s] claim against [Wu] in OC 9 would be
withdrawn”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

OA 148 Affidavit at para 30.

To substantiate its claims against Wu in OA 148, XDC referred to the OA 148
Documents.

8 Goh Yihan JC granted the application to expunge the OA 148 Documents as he
found them irrelevant: Re X Diamond Capital at [18]. Although it was relevant
for the court to consider if an application for judicial management was being
made for collateral purposes other than those that would be served by such an
order, Goh JC found the account presented by XDC implausible, such that the OA
148 Documents which it relied on to advance that account were irrelevant and
liable to be expunged: Re X Diamond Capital at [16]. In any case, the OA 148
Documents did not even advance XDC’s account: Re X Diamond Capital at [17].

9 I note that in granting the application, Goh JC applied r 21 of the
Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution (Corporate Insolvency and
Restructuring) Rules 2020 (“the CIR Rules”) (see Re X Diamond Capital at
[10]), which addresses the striking out of affidavits under certain Parts of
the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IRDA”)
and which applied in OA 148 because it concerned an application for judicial
management under s 90 of the IRDA. Rule 21 of the CIR Rules does not apply in
the present case and the applicable regime for striking out is that under the
Rules of Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”).

The parties’ cases

10 Counsel for Deng submits that the Offending Materials are relevant to OC
161 and SUM 1488, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions in HC/SUM 1991/2023 (3 Aug 2023) (“DWS”) at
para 11.

arguing that while the court in Re X Diamond Capital decided to expunge the OA
148 Documents on the basis that they were irrelevant, the issues in OA 148 are
“distinctly different from the triable issues” in this action. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DWS at para 12.

On the other hand, counsel for AET highlights Goh JC’s decision in Re X
Diamond Capital to expunge and reiterates that the Offending Materials are
irrelevant to the issues in this action, scandalous, and adduced for a
collateral purpose. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CWS at paras 13–14, 47, 51 and 58.

My decision

The applicable law

11 Under the ROC 2021, O 9 rr 16(1) and 16(4) are the applicable rules for the
striking out of pleadings and affidavits respectively. They read as follows:

Striking out pleadings and other documents (O. 9, r. 16)

16.—(1) The Court may order any or part of any pleading to be struck out or
amended, on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence;

(b) it is an abuse of process of the Court; or

(c) it is in the interests of justice to do so,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly.

…

(4) The Court may order any affidavit or other document filed in Court to be
struck out or redacted on the ground that —

(a) the party had no right to file the affidavit or document;

(b) it is an abuse of process of the Court; or

(c) it is in the interests of justice to do so.

12 Further, in respect of affidavits, O 15 r 25 of the ROC 2021 provides as
follows:

Contents of affidavit (O. 15, r. 25)

25.—(1) An affidavit must contain only relevant facts.

(2) An affidavit must not contain —

(a) vulgar or insulting words unless those words are in issue in the action;
or

(b) anything that is intended to offend or to belittle any person or entity.

13 There are some differences between these provisions in the ROC 2021 and
their predecessor provisions in the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“ROC 2014”). Order 18 r 19(1) of the ROC 2014 is the predecessor provision
for O 9 r 16(1) of the ROC 2021 (addressing the striking out of pleadings).
However, there is no directly equivalent provision to O 41 r 6 of the ROC 2014
(which addresses the striking out of affidavits) (see Re X Diamond Capital at
[13]), in place of which there is now O 9 r 16(4) and O 15 r 25 of the ROC
2021 (see Singapore Rules of Court – A Practice Guide (2023 Edition) (Chua Lee
Ming editor-in-chief) (Academy Publishing, 2023) (“Singapore Rules of Court –
A Practice Guide”) at para 15.215). For convenience, O 18 r 19(1) and O 41 r 6
of the ROC 2014 read as follows:

Striking out pleadings and endorsements (O. 18, r. 19)

19.—(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out
or amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or
anything in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

Scandalous, etc., matter in affidavits (O. 41, r. 6)

6\. The Court may order to be struck out of any affidavit any matter which is
scandalous, irrelevant or otherwise oppressive.

14 On a preliminary note, I observe that O 15 r 25 of the ROC 2021 makes no
direct reference to the striking out of affidavits. Rather, the provision
simply stipulates what an affidavit must and must not contain – ie, that an
affidavit must contain only relevant facts, and must not contain “vulgar or
insulting words unless those words are in issue in the action” or “anything
that is intended to offend or to belittle”. In my view, the principles
enshrined in O 15 r 25 may be subsumed within the wording of O 9 rr 16(4)(b)
and 16(4)(c) of the ROC 2021, which provide respectively that the court may
order an affidavit to be struck out on the ground that it is an abuse of
process or it is in the interests of justice to do so.

15 While there are some differences between O 9 r 16(1) of the ROC 2021 and O
18 r 19(1) of the ROC 2014, they have the same effect, with the exception of O
9 r 16(1)(c) replacing O 18 rr 19(1)(b) and 19(1)(c) of the ROC 2014 to
incorporate the Ideals as set out in O 3 r 1 of the ROC 2021, ie, to do what
the interests of justice require: Tiger Pictures Entertainment Ltd v Encore
Films Pte Ltd [2023] SGHC 255 at [16], citing Singapore Rules of Court – A
Practice Guide at para 09.051. Although they have not been retained under the
ROC 2021, O 18 rr 19(1)(b) and 19(1)(c) of the ROC 2014 have effectively been
subsumed under O 9 rr 16(1)(b) and 16(1)(c) of the ROC 2021 (see Jeffrey
Pinsler, Singapore Court Practice (LexisNexis, 2023) (“Singapore Court
Practice”) at paras 9.16.2, 9.16.2A and 9.16.6). Pleadings (or parts thereof)
which are scandalous, frivolous or vexatious, or which may prejudice,
embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action, may be struck off as being
either an abuse of process or against the interests of justice.

16 Overall, the authorities pre-dating the ROC 2021 remain relevant in
assessing the merits of a striking out application under the ROC 2021: Leong
Quee Ching Karen v Lim Soon Huat and others [2022] SGHC 309 at [23], citing
Iskandar bin Rahmat and others v Attorney-General and another [2022] 2 SLR
1018 (“Iskandar bin Rahmat”) at [17]–[19] and Eurogreen Building Products
Private Limited v Savourer Pte Ltd [2022] SGMC 53 at [13]. For present
purposes, it suffices to summarise the Court of Appeal’s holdings in Iskandar
bin Rahmat as regards the “abuse of process” and “interests of justice”
grounds under O 9 rr 16(1)(b) and 16(1)(c) of the ROC 2021:

(a) the inquiry into what constitutes an abuse of process of the court
includes considerations of public policy and the interests of justice, and
signifies that the process of the court must be used bona fide and properly
and must not be abused; the court will prevent improper use of its machinery
and the judicial process from being used as a means of vexation and oppression
in the process of litigation (Iskandar bin Rahmat at [18], citing Gabriel
Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others [1997] 3 SLR(R)
649 (“Gabriel Peter”) at [21]);

(b) the “interest of justice” ground gives effect to the court’s inherent
jurisdiction to prevent injustice, such as where the claim is plainly or
obviously unsustainable (Iskandar bin Rahmat at [19], citing The Bunga Melati
5 [2012] 4 SLR 546 at [33]).

These principles likewise apply to O 9 rr 16(4)(b) and 16(4)(c) of the ROC
2021, which adopt identical language to O 9 rr 16(1)(b) and 16(1)(c).

17 However, O 9 rr 16(1) and 16(4) of the ROC 2021 are expressed in broader
terms than O 18 r 19(1) and O 41 r 6 of the ROC 2014. In particular, the
“interests of justice” ground under O 9 r 16(1)(c) has been noted to be “a new
provision which has no precedent … is residuary in nature and is intended to
empower the court to terminate [an] action or dismiss a defence or make any
other appropriate order if this outcome is necessary to achieve the interests
of justice” (Singapore Court Practice at para 9.16.6).

18 Nevertheless, the grounds of “abuse of process” and “interests of justice”
under O 9 r 16 of the ROC 2021 should not be construed too widely. An overly
liberal interpretation of the grounds under O 9 r 16 may invite a deluge of
striking out applications and appeals arising out of these applications. The
various rules and procedures under the ROC 2021 must be read and understood in
light of the Ideals under O 3 r 1, which emphasise, inter alia, fairness,
efficiency, and practicality in court processes.

19 The Ideals are “akin to constitutional principles by which the parties and
the Court are guided in conducting civil proceedings”: see Civil Justice
Commission (“CJC”), Civil Justice Commission Report (29 December 2017)
(Chairman: Justice Tay Yong Kwang) at para 3. Indeed, under O 3 r 1(3), it is
mandatory for the court to seek to achieve the Ideals in all its orders and
directions. While the CJC in formulating the Ideals recognised that all of the
Ideals may not be achieved in every case – for example, “fair access to
justice” in a certain case may be at odds with “expeditious proceedings” – the
Ideals are to be applied conjunctively, as dictated by the circumstances of
each case, and they serve as a guide to the court, rather than a formula to be
followed: see Ministry of Law and the New Rules of Court Implementation Team,
Response to Feedback from Public Consultation on the Civil Justice Reforms:
Recommendations of the Civil Justice Commission and the Civil Justice Review
Committee (11 June 2021) (Chairman: Justice Ang Cheng Hock) at para 16.

20 To give effect to the Ideals in the context of striking out applications,
the court should only allow striking out or expunging of irrelevant material
where doing so would serve a broader purpose. Examples include removing
scandalous allegations, substantially reducing the time and costs of trial or
further proceedings, or preventing collateral attacks on the parties or their
witnesses. This approach would best balance and effectuate the Ideals of
fairness, efficiency, and practicality. If irrelevancy were the only criteria,
parties might be encouraged to engage in satellite litigation over any
material alleged to be irrelevant on matters peripheral to the case. That
would cause delays in court proceedings, inefficiency in the use of court
resources and an increase in costs, which would be contrary to the Ideals.

21 O 9 r 16, as well as O 15 r 25’s stipulation that an affidavit “must
contain only relevant facts” (which as noted above at [14] may be subsumed
within O 9 rr 16(4)(b) and 16(4)(c) of the ROC 2021), should be read in light
of these observations.

22 I now apply these principles to the present case.

The Offending Materials are irrelevant

23 Deng did not challenge, or offer contrary evidence to, AET’s case that he
had taken possession of the Diamonds and did not respond to AET’s written
demand that they be returned. The crux of the dispute was whether:

(a) AET owned the Diamonds, having purchased them from XDC; or

(b) as pleaded in the Defence, XDC had only loaned the Diamonds to AET on the
instructions or request of Wu and/or Ms Samantha, and AET was accordingly not
entitled to their return. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence (18 Apr 2023) at paras 3(8), 3(16) and 3(23).

24 For the reasons set out in the SUM 1488 Grounds, I found that AET had
purchased the Diamonds from XDC, and Deng had no basis to refuse to return
them: the SUM 1488 Grounds at [17]. I noted that Deng did not dispute or
challenge AET’s case that XDC had received substantial sums of moneys: the SUM
1488 Grounds at [14] and [27]. However, he refused to engage with AET’s
evidence, including documentary evidence, which showed that:

(a) moneys were paid to XDC by AET, or on AET’s direction;

(b) the moneys were for the purchase of the Diamonds from XDC ; and

(c) Deng had himself signed an audit confirmation to AET on behalf of XDC
acknowledging that some of the Diamonds were purchased by AET from XDC using
the moneys that had been remitted to XDC.

(the SUM 1488 Grounds at [14], [17], [27] and [34])

25 More pertinent to this application is what relevance the Offending
Materials have to AET’s case or Deng’s Defence. Counsel for Deng accepts that
they are not relevant to the issue of whether the Diamonds were sold or loaned
by XDC to AET. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Minute Sheet (10 Aug 2023) at p 3.

Instead, in Deng’s Written Submissions, he argues that the Offending Materials
“highlight the following material and relevant information”: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DWS at para 6.

(a) that Wu is a controller of AET (which operates through Metech);

(b) that Ms Samantha was previously promoted from Deputy CEO to CEO and
executive director of Metech on Wu’s recommendation, as Wu himself was unable
to assume directorship of Metech, AGT and/or AET, due to Wu’s run-in with SGX
from March to August 2022, as he is involved in inter alia 18 civil suits in
China;

(c) that Ms Samantha had a personal relationship with Wu outside Metech and
would usually take instructions from Wu on Metech’s matters, and by
consequence, AET’s matters; and

(d) that Wu’s influence over Metech is also evidenced by how he was able to
arrange for Metech’s payment of cash bonuses to AET’s board and monthly
consultant payments to himself without having sought the approval of Metech’s
board and without the knowledge of Metech’s remuneration committee, even
though approval of the same is required.

26 Further, Deng argues that the Offending Materials are “relevant as it shows
how [Wu] is the ultimate controller of Metech, and therefore AET”, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DWS at para 10.

and that this goes towards:

(a) “demonstrating [Wu’s] ulterior motive, which is to utilise his companies
(including Metech and AET) against XDC and [Deng], in order to stifle XDC from
pursuing its claim against [Wu] in [OC 9]”; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DWS at para 10.

and

(b) “the very heart of the issue – that [Wu] is commencing a barrage of claims
against [Deng] and XDC in order to stifle XDC from pursuing its claim against
[Wu] in [OC 9]”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DWS at para 31.

27 These broad allegations do not come close to establishing any relevancy to
this action. Even if Wu was in control of AET or was otherwise able to
influence it to commence proceedings against XDC, and even if it was
beneficial to Wu for AET to bring this claim, that is not sufficient to
establish a triable issue or some other reason for trial, particularly given
Deng’s inability or failure to respond to the material issues. In this regard,
as noted above at [24], Deng failed or refused to engage the evidence of AET’s
purchase of the Diamonds, including his written acknowledgement of the same,
which entirely debunked his Defence that the Diamonds were loaned by XDC to
AET.

28 There is a further point. As stated above at [6], XDC entered judgment
against Wu in OC 9 on 4 July 2023, as Wu had failed to meet the condition
imposed on him for defending the claim. Wu’s appeal in HC/RA 96/2023 against
the order granting conditional leave was dismissed on 17 July 2023. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

HC/ORC 3257/2023.

No further appeal was filed. In other words, at the time this application was
heard on 10 August 2023, there was no issue of Wu using this action to stifle
XDC’s claim in OC 9. Indeed, on 13 July 2023, XDC applied and obtained an
order to examine Wu as an enforcement respondent. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

HC/ORC 3204/2023.

Deng offered no explanation as to how this action was still being used to
“stifle XDC”, particularly as it was against him personally and not XDC. That
Deng continues to argue the relevancy of the Offending Materials when the
basis of his alleged concern has ceased to exist only underscores how
contrived his arguments are.

The Offending Materials should be expunged

29 The Offending Materials are not only irrelevant but are also of an
offensive and scandalous nature, such that striking out is justified. The
Offending Materials essentially seek to cast aspersions on Wu, Ms Samantha,
and the management of Metech. They are relied on to show that Ms Samantha and
the management of Metech are under the control and influence of Wu, who is
neither a director nor a majority shareholder of the company. This implies
that Ms Samantha and the management of Metech are not properly discharging
their duties as officers of Metech and AET. Further, the Offending Materials
assert, or are relied on to assert, that Wu is using his control and influence
to cause AET to “fabricate” and pursue this action against XDC to stifle its
claim against him in OC 9. This is a serious allegation of impropriety and
breach of fiduciary duties.

30 Likewise, the allegation of a personal relationship between Wu and Ms
Samantha is completely irrelevant and scandalous. In this regard, the adducing
of the Email is particularly egregious and revealing of Deng’s motives. It
was, on Deng’s own case, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Reply Affidavit of Deng Yiming (12 Jul 2023) (“DY-1”) at para 12.

sent by an anonymous person and contained material which he could neither
verify nor confirm. Its contents are completely unreliable. Indeed, Goh JC had
in OA 148 (Re X Diamond Capital at [19]) ruled it to be inadmissible hearsay
evidence, albeit in a different statutory context from the present case.

31 I note that hearsay evidence contained in affidavits filed in applications
for summary judgment is prima facie admissible – O 3 r 5(7) of the ROC 2021
provides that in all applications to the court in an action (which includes
applications for summary judgment), supporting affidavits “may contain
statements of information or belief with their sources and grounds clearly
stated”: see HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Ltd v Lucky Realty Co Pte Ltd [2015] 3
SLR 885 (“HSBC Trustee”) at [93], discussing the similar O 14 r 2(8) of the
ROC 2014.

32 However, the sources and grounds for hearsay evidence must be clearly
stated under O 3 r 5(7). As observed in HSBC Trustee at [90], the phrase
“sources and grounds” in provisions enshrining exceptions to the rule against
hearsay refers to “sources for the information [deposed to]” and “[the
deponent’s] grounds for the beliefs [deposed to]”. In respect of the Email,
Deng states that his source is an “anonymous sender” and he provides no
further grounds to support his belief in the contents of the Email. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DY-1 at para 12.

This cannot be considered as a statement of his sources and grounds for belief
in respect of the Email. In this regard, Deng is relying on the Email for the
truth of its content, and not to prove that it was received – hence, clearly
stated “sources and grounds” for his belief are required, without which there
is no basis for the information he seeks to rely on. Thus, the Email is
inadmissible.

33 In my view, the real purpose of the Offending Materials is to attack the
characters of, and embarrass, Wu, Ms Samantha and/or the boards of Metech and
AET, whether as an end in itself or to distract from the fact that Deng had no
real defence.

34 Expunging the Offending Materials therefore serves the legitimate purpose
of removing not just irrelevant material, but material which has been included
to advance a collateral purpose of attacking or embarrassing Deng’s
adversaries. It is clearly in the interests of justice to expunge.

35 I also find that it is an abuse of process for Deng to include and rely on
the Offending Materials, particularly as they had previously been expunged in
OA 148. Deng’s argument that the issues in that application are “distinctly
different” is a hollow and specious attempt to justify the unjustifiable, and
a cynical excuse to continue his personal agenda.

36 However, I make no order with respect to striking out paragraph 5 of Deng’s
Defence. I note that the striking out of pleadings has more serious
consequences than the striking out of affidavits (X Diamond Capital at [14]),
and it is “only in plain and obvious cases” that this power should be invoked
(Gabriel Peter at [18]). In any event, all that paragraph 5 pleads is that Wu
was a controller of Metech, AGT and AET and that Ms Samantha was appointed CEO
of Metech and to the board of Metech, AGT and AET on Wu’s recommendation.
While AET may disagree with those assertions, there is nothing inherently
objectionable about them. They were also pleaded in response to paragraph 5 of
AET’s Statement of Claim, which, inter alia, introduced Metech and AGT, and
pleaded that Ms Samantha was a director of both. It was therefore presented in
the Defence as part of the factual background to the dispute. None of the
other Offending Materials were pleaded.

37 AET argues that paragraph 5 of Deng’s Defence was a “Trojan horse” which
allowed the other Offending Materials to be introduced. But this acknowledges
that the pleading is simply irrelevant without more. It is not in the
interests of justice to strike out pleadings, which, on their face, do nothing
more than briefly plead background facts. The expunging of the other Offending
Materials is sufficient to deal with the mischief which AET complains of.

Conclusion

38 I therefore grant AET’s application to expunge the Offending Material save
in respect of paragraph 5 of Deng’s Defence. Deng is to refile the relevant
affidavits and submissions with the relevant Offending Material removed or
redacted. The 1st Xu Affidavit is to be expunged in its entirety.

39 I also order the sealing of the affidavits filed in respect of SUM 1991.

40 I shall hear parties on costs.

Hri Kumar Nair J  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Yam Wern Jhien, Bethel Chan Ruiyi and Tan Li Jie Stanley (Setia Law LLC) for
the plaintiff;

Zhulkarnain bin Abdul Rahim, Sean Chen Siang En, Shermaine Lim Jia Qi and
Cheong Wei Wen John (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 14 Sep 2023 (10:46 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

