Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 251

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9038 of 2023

Between

| Michael Ma Zhen Hu  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Principles]

[Road Traffic — Offences — Dangerous driving]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ma Zhen Hu Michael

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2023] SGHC 251

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9038 of 2023  
Vincent Hoong J  
7 September 2023

7 September 2023

Vincent Hoong J:

Introduction

1 Mr Ma Zhen Hu Michael (“the Appellant”) pleaded guilty to and was convicted
on a charge under s 64(1) and punishable under s 64(2C)(a) of the Road Traffic
Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RTA”) for an offence of dangerous driving.

2 He was sentenced by the District Judge (“DJ”) to a fine of $3,500 for his
offence. He was also disqualified from holding or obtaining all classes of
driving licences for a period of 15 months with effect from 23 February 2023.
The Appellant paid the fine of $3,500. He is, however, dissatisfied with the
length of disqualification order imposed by the DJ and appeals against it.

The facts

3 Briefly, the Appellant was driving a motorcar on 16 April 2021. As he drove
to Clemenceau Avenue, he stopped the car behind a line of vehicles which were
queuing up before a roadblock which had been set up by the Traffic Police
(“TP”). The Appellant could see the blinking blue and red lights from where
his car was at which had been placed by the TP to indicate that there was a
roadblock ahead. The Appellant then turned on the car’s hazard lights and
reversed the car against the flow of traffic for a distance of about 50
metres. While the Appellant was reversing the car, two TP officers gave chase.
The Appellant could see that there was at least one TP officer running towards
his direction while he was reversing. The Appellant continued reversing. He
then made a U-turn at the U-turn point at the opening of the centre divider
and drove off. His conduct resulted in the driver of at least one vehicle
having to take evasive action by swerving to the left to avoid a collision
with the Appellant’s car.

My decision

4 The Appellant accepts that the sentencing parameters laid down in Kwan
Weiguang v Public Prosecutor [2022] 5 SLR 766 (“Kwan”) for determining the
appropriate disqualification order for an offence punishable under s 64(2C)(a)
of the RTA is relevant to the present case. In Kwan, Aedit Abdullah J set down
the following sentencing parameters (at [56]–[57]):

(a) For a first-time traffic offender with a clean driving record
(particularly where the offender has no history of compoundable offences or
speeding tickets), the disqualification period should be set at 12 months or
below. This would, however, only apply where the degree of potential harm
posed to other road users is relatively low.

(b) Where there is very dangerous behaviour demonstrated by the offender, or
conduct showing a disregard for traffic rules, etiquette and the interests of
other road users, the disqualification period should exceed 12 months and can
go up to 24 months and beyond.

5 The Appellant makes various submissions in support of his position that a
disqualification order of six months ought to have been imposed by the DJ. I
consider each of these below:

(a) First, the Appellant takes issue with the DJ’s assessment that the
potential harm arising from the Appellant’s manner of driving was significant
and that the level of danger posed by his driving was considerable. The
Appellant argues that he had come to a complete stop and only proceeded to
reverse the car against the flow of traffic when he had observed that there
were no vehicles behind the car. Further, he had turned on the hazard lights
to alert other road users and reversed at a slow speed of about 30 km/h. The
fact that the Appellant stopped his vehicle, reversed only when he saw no
vehicles behind the car and turned on his hazard lights and reversed at a slow
speed does not, however, detract from the inherently dangerous manner of
driving which the Appellant engaged in. While he may have proceeded to do the
above as precautionary steps, the fact remains that he reversed against the
flow of traffic on a four-lane road for a considerable distance. Regardless of
the precautionary steps taken, the conduct which the Appellant engaged in
while on the road was behaviour which other road users would not typically
expect. This, therefore, meant that the potential harm was, as the DJ found,
more than notional. Further, the Appellant drove the car in the manner which
he did at a time when the traffic flow was moderate. This would have been
amply clear to the Appellant given that there were a line of vehicles queuing
up ahead of the Appellant’s car because of the roadblock.

(b) Second, the Appellant submits that the DJ erred in placing weight on the
fact that the driver of a vehicle had to swerve to the left to avoid a
collision with the Appellant’s car as a result of the Appellant reversing the
car against the flow of traffic. The Appellant states that he did not see a
vehicle behind his car and that the implication of this was that the vehicle
could not have been in close proximity to the Appellant’s car. This, however,
is a self-serving argument. The Statement of Facts makes clear that the driver
of the vehicle had to swerve to the left to avoid a collision with the
Appellant’s car. The Appellant admitted to the Statement of Facts without
qualification. While the Appellant may not have noticed the vehicle, this does
not necessarily mean that the vehicle was not in close proximity to the
Appellant’s car.

(c) Third, the Appellant submits that the DJ erred in placing excessive weight
on the Appellant’s antecedents to find that there was a pattern of persistent
offending over a span of 22 years. Under s 139AA of the RTA, compounded
offences can be considered for the purposes of sentencing. As is clear from
the Appellant’s driving record, the Appellant has paid compounded fines for
various traffic violations from as early as 1999. While these mainly related
to regulatory offences, the Appellant paid a compounded fine in 2012 for
failing to conform to a red-light signal. In 2012, the Appellant was also
sentenced in court for an offence of drink driving for which he was fined
$3,000 and a two-year disqualification order was imposed. More recently,
following the Appellant’s commission of the present offence in April 2021, the
Appellant paid a compounded fine on 11 November 2021 for failing to conform to
a red-light signal. This offence occurred after he had already been charged
for the present offence. I agree with the DJ that the Appellant’s driving
record was poor and highlighted the need for deterrence by way of a
sufficiently lengthy disqualification order.

6 Given my views on the Appellant’s arguments above, it is clear that the
disqualification period in the present case fell within the latter category
identified in Kwan. The Appellant’s conduct showed a disregard for traffic
rules, etiquette and the interests of other road users. Further, he did not
have a clean driving record. His driving record demonstrated a continued
disregard for traffic rules, such as by failing to conform to a red-light
signal in 2012, drink driving in 2012, the present offence which took place on
16 April 2021, and a subsequent compounded offence of failing to conform to a
red-light signal on 11 November 2021. In view of this, there was a need for a
sufficiently deterrent disqualification order above 12 months, based on the
sentencing parameters in Kwan.

7 Finally, I consider the Appellant’s submission that the length of
disqualification imposed is inconsistent with the disqualification orders
imposed in Neo Chuan Sheng v Public Prosecutor [2020] 5 SLR 410 (“Neo”) and
Kwan below.

8 In Neo, the Appellant pleaded guilty to a charge of dangerous driving under
s 64(1) of the RTA for reversing his car against the flow of traffic for a
distance of about 203 metres to avoid a police roadblock. The offender was
sentenced to a fine of $4,500 and a ten-month disqualification order was
imposed. The offender’s appeal against the length of his disqualification
order was dismissed by the High Court. The Appellant contends that the DJ
failed to sufficiently recognise that the potential harm in Neo was greater,
given that the offender had reversed against the flow of traffic for a longer
distance of about 203 metres. Further, there were numerous compounded traffic
offences in Neo for speeding, failing to stop after an accident, failing to
report an accident within 24 hours, inconsiderate driving and causing a
vehicle to remain at rest in a position likely to cause danger to other road
users. The offender also had convictions for driving whilst underage and
driving without insurance coverage. I make two points in relation to Neo which
show that the DJ did not err in finding that a longer disqualification order
was warranted in the present case:

(a) It is clear that the distance of 203 metres driven by the offender in Neo
was significantly longer than the distance of 50 metres driven by the
Appellant here. However, it is equally important to recognise that the traffic
conditions in Neo were quite different from the present case. In Neo, the
offence took place at about 2.10am and there were no other vehicles or
pedestrians along the road. This was quite unlike the present case, where
there were vehicles queuing ahead of the Appellant’s car and the traffic flow
was moderate along Clemenceau Avenue. Further, the fact that the driver of a
vehicle did, in fact, have to swerve to avoid colliding with the Appellant’s
car shows that the traffic flow was moderate in the present case. The
potential harm was, therefore, higher in the present case than in Neo.

(b) Further, as observed by the respondent, I note that the High Court had
placed no weight on the offender’s compounded offences in Neo in determining
if the ten-month disqualification order was manifestly excessive, given that
the offence in Neo had occurred before the enactment of s 139AA of the RTA and
the High Court’s position in Neo was that compounded offences were not
relevant in sentencing. In the present case, it is clear from s 139AA of the
RTA that the Appellant’s compounded offences can be considered for the
purposes of sentencing.

9 In Kwan, the offender pleaded guilty to a charge of dangerous driving under
s 64(1) and punishable under s 64(2C)(a) of the RTA for repeatedly changing
lanes ahead of a motorcar driven by another driver before abruptly applying
his brakes. Further, there was an element of road rage in Kwan, given that the
offender was upset with the other driver over his conduct on the road. The
offender there was also involved in a physical confrontation with the other
driver. The offender was sentenced to a fine of $1,600, and a 15-month
disqualification order was imposed at first instance. On appeal, the High
Court reduced the length of the disqualification order to 12 months. While the
Appellant argues that the DJ erred in failing to consider Kwan, it is clear
from the facts of Kwan that the offender was a first-time offender and had an
otherwise clean driving record. Because of the offender’s clean driving record
and the lack of compounded offences, the High Court in Kwan observed (at [95])
that the offender’s conduct appeared to be a one-off incident. Balancing the
element of road rage present in Kwan with the clean driving record of the
offender which showed that the offence was likely to be a one-off incident,
the court found that a 12-month disqualification order was appropriate. In
contrast, the Appellant here has demonstrated a continued disregard for
traffic rules, even committing a further compounded traffic offence after he
had been charged for the present offence. Therefore, the principle of
deterrence was squarely engaged in the present case.

Conclusion

10 For the reasons above, I do not find that the 15-month disqualification
order imposed by the DJ was manifestly excessive. Therefore, I dismiss the
Appellant’s appeal against the disqualification order imposed.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Kanthosamy Rajendran and Jeyabal Athavan (RLC Law Corporation) for the
appellant;

Claire Poh and Edwin Ho (Attorney-General’s Chambers)

for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 07 Sep 2023 (11:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

