Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 221

Suit No 510 of 2021

Between

| Diana Foo  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Woo Mui Chan  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Tort — Defamation]

[Tort — Defamation — Justification]

[Tort — Defamation — Qualified privilege]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Foo Diana

  
v

  

Woo Mui Chan

[2023] SGHC 221

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 510 of 2021  
S Mohan J  
27–29 June, 23 August 2022, 15 May 2023

14 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

S Mohan J:

1 The case before me concerns defamation proceedings commenced by Ms Diana Foo
(the “plaintiff”) against Ms Woo Mui Chan (the “defendant”).

2 For the reasons I shall elaborate upon below, I find the defendant liable
for defamation. As parties have agreed to a bifurcation of the proceedings,
this judgment will only address the issue of liability, leaving damages to be
assessed separately.

Facts

The parties

3 The plaintiff is an advocate and solicitor, who was called to the Singapore
bar in or around February 2005. She has been practising ever since. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Diana Foo in HC/S 510/2021 dated 11
March 2022 (“Diana Foo’s AEIC in HC/S 510/2021”) at para 4.

The defendant is best described as an individual engaged in business and who,
among other endeavours, started a restaurant at 44 Prinsep Street #01-01 known
as Z Bistro and Bar (the “Restaurant”) in 2015. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AEIC of Woo Mui Chan in HC/OSB 59/2018 dated 1 June 2018 (“Woo Mui Chan’s AEIC
in HC/OSB 59/2018”) at para 4 (Diana Foo’s Exhibit (“DF-1 Exhibit”) at p 43).

4 The plaintiff and the defendant were first introduced to each other by the
plaintiff’s aunt in 2015 and eventually became friends. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Diana Foo’s AEIC in HC/OSB 59/2018 at para 4 (DF-1 Exhibit at p 52); Woo Mui
Chan’s AEIC in HC/OSB 59/2018 at para 4 (DF-1 Exhibit at p 43).

Among other matters, the defendant approached the plaintiff for legal advice
relating to the Restaurant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Diana Foo’s AEIC in HC/OSB 59/2018 at paras 8–9 (DF-1 Exhibit at p 53); Woo
Mui Chan’s AEIC in HC/OSB 59/2018 at para 4 (DF-1 Exhibit at p 43).

It is uncontested that over time, the plaintiff advanced several loans to the
defendant. However, they disagree on when these loans were given, what their
amounts were, and whether they were repaid. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Diana Foo’s AEIC in HC/OSB 59/2018 at paras 25–28 (DF-1 Exhibit at pp 56–57);
Woo Mui Chan’s AEIC in HC/OSB 59/2018 at paras 5–10 (DF-1 Exhibit at pp
43–44); Diana Foo’s AEIC in HC/S 510/2021 at para 62.

5 The parties’ relationship began to deteriorate over time and eventually
became fractious and litigious. On 19 May 2018, the plaintiff issued a
statutory demand against the defendant for the sum of S$36,350.00 which the
plaintiff asserted was owed to her by the defendant. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DF-1 Exhibit at p 48.

The statutory demand was successfully set aside by the defendant on the basis
that she disputed the debt. On 29 August 2018, the plaintiff instituted legal
proceedings against the defendant in MC/MC 13957/2018 claiming the sum of
S$37,350.00 against the defendant. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Diana Foo’s AEIC in HC/S 510/2021 at para 14.

On 2 April 2019, the plaintiff and the defendant entered into a settlement
agreement, pursuant to which the defendant was allowed to make instalment
payments to settle this sum. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DF-1 Exhibit at p 107.

However, the defendant defaulted on the instalment payments. On 29 October
2019, the plaintiff issued yet another statutory demand against the defendant,
this time for the sum of S$23,691.12. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DF-1 Exhibit at pp 122–124.

The defendant then sought to set aside this statutory demand. The matter was
again eventually settled between the parties. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Diana Foo’s AEIC in HC/S 510/2021 at para 17.

6 However, as the defendant persisted in not paying the sums then due, the
plaintiff commenced a second action against the defendant on 22 January 2020
in MC/MC 1044/2020 for the sum of S$15,000.00 then due and owing to the
plaintiff. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Diana Foo’s AEIC in HC/S 510/2021 at para 19, DF-1 Exhibit at p 151.

The defendant was subsequently adjudged liable to pay the plaintiff the sum of
S$17,750.00. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DF-1 Exhibit at p 160.

The defendant eventually satisfied the judgment debt due to the plaintiff. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Diana Foo’s AEIC in HC/S 510/2021 at para 22.

Background to the present dispute

7 Sometime in or around 2018, at a time when the relationship between the
plaintiff and defendant had already soured, the defendant posted a public
review on The Law Society of Singapore’s (“LSS”) Google page using the
username “Katherine Woo” (“Statement 1”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DF-1 Exhibit at pp 8–11.

The post read as follows:

I really desperately asking for help I was being bullied by a lady lawyer,
Name Diana Foo from Tan See Swan & Co.

She force me to do illegal deals with her, I have recorded how I was being
bullied by her.

I am very Helpless.

Woo mui chan

8 On 23 June 2020, the plaintiff issued a letter of demand to the defendant,
stating that the allegations conveyed by Statement 1 were false and baseless.
The plaintiff demanded that the defendant acknowledge that the public
statement was defamatory, provide an unconditional apology and undertaking,
sign and publish the public apology and undertaking in both English and
Chinese newspapers and on LSS’ website, and further, compensate the plaintiff
in the sum of S$100,000.00. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Diana Foo’s AEIC in HC/S 510/2021 at para 38; DF-1 Exhibit at pp 274–276.

A further and final demand was sent to the defendant on 9 April 2021. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) (“SOC”) at para 18.

The defendant did not meet any of the plaintiff’s demands.

9 On 3 March 2020, the defendant lodged a written complaint to LSS (“Statement
2”), stating, among others, that: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DF-1 Exhibit at pp 16–19.

…

14\. On a few occasions, the dates of which I cannot recall precisely now, the
Lawyer handed me a stack of Singapore currency notes, saying that she would
lend me money.

15\. As I was in need, and due to what I felt was the Lawyer’s kindness, I
reciprocated by accepting the money but agreed with her that it was only a
loan, though not a “friendly” loan. The Lawyer, despite my request to the
contrary, insisted that the details of the loans should not be written or
captured in any written agreement.

…

18\. The Lawyer also began to ask me about assisting her in a deal in Vietnam,
to move “money”; the details of which I found too complicated to understand
and which I cannot describe sufficiently here, and thus declined.

…

20\. All the time that I have known the Lawyer, she seemed to talk to me like
a close confidant and like someone who had a sexual relationship with her; for
example, she would refer to me as “darling” or “dear” in front of other people
that we met, and she would try to establish physical contact.

21\. I rebuffed these advances as politely as I could, particularly, in view
that she had been so kind to me before in lending me money.

…

30\. The issues which I raise for the Council are as follows:-

(i) Is it permissible for the Lawyer to lend money to a client?

(ii) Is it permissible for the Lawyer to make sexual advances towards the
client?

(iii) I am surprised that a Lawyer should be allowed to use vulgarities in the
course of legal work …

10 The plaintiff was informed by LSS of the complaint on 31 March 2020. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Diana Foo’s AEIC in HC/S 510/2021 at para 42; DF-1 Exhibit at pp 12–13.

The Review Committee constituted by LSS reviewed the matter and dismissed the
complaint unanimously. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DF-1 Exhibit at pp 37–39.

11 On 21 August 2020, the plaintiff issued a letter of demand to the
defendant, stating that the plaintiff intends to make a claim in defamation
against the defendant for both Statement 1 and Statement 2 (collectively the
“Statements”), followed by a further demand on 9 April 2021. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DF-1 Exhibit at p 308; SOC at paras 35–37.

The defendant did not apologise or seek to settle matters.

The parties’ cases

12 The plaintiff submits that the Statements contain allegations and/or
statements that are defamatory; secondly, that these allegations and/or
statements make clear references to the plaintiff; and thirdly, that these
allegations and/or statements have been communicated to third parties who
would reasonably understand the allegations and/or statements to be defamatory
of the plaintiff. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC at paras 9 and 23.

The defendant has not raised any arguments to challenge this.

13 Rather, the defendant relies on the defence of justification with respect
to Statement 1 and the defence of qualified privilege with respect to
Statement 2. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence (Amendment No. 2) (“Defence”) at paras 22 and 40; Defendant’s Written
Submissions (“DWS”) at pp 39–45.

General principles on the law on defamation

14 To succeed in an action for defamation, the plaintiff must establish a
prima facie case that (a) the statement is defamatory in nature; (b) the
defamatory statement refers to the plaintiff; and (c) the statement is
published: Lee Hsien Loong v Review Publishing Co Ltd and another and another
suit [2009] 1 SLR(R) 177 (“Review Publishing (HC)”) at [23].

15 Words can be defamatory in their natural and ordinary meaning, which
includes any meaning capable of being inferred from the offending words
standing on their own in addition to their literal meaning: Review Publishing
Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal [2010] 1 SLR 52
(“Review Publishing (CA)”) at [26]. A statement is defamatory in nature if it
tends to: (a) lower the plaintiff in the estimation of right-thinking members
of society generally; (b) cause the plaintiff to be shunned or avoided; or (c)
expose the plaintiff to hatred, contempt or ridicule: Review Publishing (HC)
at [47].

16 A statement is published if it is communicated to at least one person other
than the plaintiff who would reasonably understand the statement to be
defamatory of the plaintiff: Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 1004 (“Peter Lim”) at [83]; Gary Chan Kok Yew, The Law of
Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016) (“The Law of Torts in
Singapore”) at p 526.

17 To defeat the prima facie cause of action in defamation, the burden lies on
the defendant to raise a recognised defence, such as justification, fair
comment, or qualified privilege: The Law of Torts in Singapore at p 539.

Statement 1

Whether the plaintiff has established a prima facie case of defamation

18 The plaintiff submits that the natural and ordinary meaning of Statement 1
is that: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOC at para 10.

(a) The plaintiff is a rogue lawyer who has no regard for the law and
professional ethics.

(b) The plaintiff is a bully, which connotes that she is a thug, intimidator,
tormentor, tyrant, oppressor, who tyrannised and strong-armed the defendant.

(c) The plaintiff has no qualms about breaching the laws of Singapore to force
the defendant to enter into illegal dealings with the plaintiff in her
capacity as a lawyer.

(d) The plaintiff has committed crimes.

(e) The plaintiff has breached her professional duty as an officer of the
court.

(f) The plaintiff is dishonest, unethical, lacking in integrity and
mendacious.

19 While I do not agree with the entirety of the plaintiff’s submissions, I am
nevertheless of the view that Statement 1 is defamatory in nature. In its
natural and ordinary meaning, Statement 1 plainly states that the plaintiff
had bullied the defendant by forcing the defendant to “do illegal deals” with
her. This not only impugns the character and integrity of the plaintiff, but
also indicates that the plaintiff is knowingly involved in illegal dealings
and, further, forced the defendant to participate in these illegal dealings.
Without a doubt, such allegations would tend to lower the plaintiff in the
estimation of right-thinking members of society generally, especially because
the plaintiff is a member of the legal profession, which Statement 1 itself
takes pains to highlight.

20 Second, Statement 1 also explicitly identifies the plaintiff, stating her
full name “Diana Foo” and the law firm that the plaintiff practises at, ie,
“Tan See Swan & Co.”.

21 Third, there is no question that Statement 1 was published as it took the
form of a public post or review on LSS’ Google page. The fact of publication
is confirmed by a comment made by a Google account holder “Yew Woo”, who had
replied to Statement 1 with “go report her lah. [sic]”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DF-1 Exhibit at p 9.

Evidently, Statement 1 was communicated to at least one person other than the
plaintiff who understood the statement to be defamatory of the plaintiff.

22 Therefore, I find that the plaintiff has successfully established a prima
facie case that Statement 1 is defamatory.

Whether the defence of justification applies

23 To succeed in a plea of justification, the defendant needs to prove that
the substance or gist of the offending words is true: Review Publishing (CA)
at [134]. In the present case, the burden thus lies on the defendant to show
that the substance or gist of the offending words in Statement 1 is true. In
my view, this requires proving that (a) the “deals” were illegal; (b) the
plaintiff knew that the “deals” were illegal; and (c) the plaintiff had forced
the defendant to partake in these illegal “deals”.

24 In her pleaded defence, the defendant relies on two such alleged “deals”.
The first “deal” refers to a 2017 investment agreement involving the transfer
of US$80m from the defendant’s business acquaintance, a Mr Liao Cheng Wei (“Mr
Liao”), into a Singapore escrow account opened in the parties’ joint names. In
consideration for payment of the sum of US$80m, one Ms Encarnado Maria
Cornelia (“Ms Cornelia”), a Filipino national who claimed to own 105 MT Gold
(AU) Bullion held in a HSBC Singapore bank account, would transfer the gold to
Mr Liao. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defence at para 22(1).

I shall refer to this as the “Gold Deal”. The second “deal” refers to a 2018
investment agreement between the defendant’s business contact, a Mr Ken Ol’
Franklin (“Mr Franklin”), and ILDC Viet Nam Company Limited (the “Vietnam
Co”), where Mr Franklin was to invest US$500m in the Vietnam Co. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defence at para 22(2).

I shall refer to this as the “Vietnam Deal”.

The Gold Deal

25 In my judgment, with respect to the Gold Deal, the defence of justification
fails for three reasons. First, the defendant has not met her burden of proof
to show that the Gold Deal was illegal. Second, even if the Gold Deal was
illegal, the defendant has not proved that the plaintiff was aware of the
illegality, or that the plaintiff forced the defendant to partake in the
illegality. Third, the evidence before me indicates that on the balance of
probabilities, it is more likely that it was the defendant and not the
plaintiff who initiated and introduced the Gold Deal to the plaintiff.

26 First, the defendant does not plead or particularise the illegal nature of
the Gold Deal. At best, the defendant states that “the [d]efendant and Mr Liao
realised that the investment agreement was potentially and/or actually a
fraudulent arrangement and/or a scam [emphasis added]” because they were
allegedly informed by a staff member from HSBC that HSBC does not maintain or
operate any accounts holding gold bullion. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defence at para 22(1)(g)–(h).

The use of the word “potentially” is telling – even on the defendant’s own
account, the defendant cannot be sure whether the Gold Deal was a fraudulent
arrangement and thus illegal. I therefore ask rhetorically: how, then, can the
defendant prove that the substance or gist of the offending words in Statement
1 is true?

27 Further, the defendant led no evidence, apart from a bare assertion, that a
HSBC officer Mr Ivan Ho had allegedly told the defendant and Mr Liao that “the
Filipinos had no gold account in Singapore and that HSBC does not have a
licence to deal with gold”, coupled with a copy of Mr Ivan Ho’s name card. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AEIC of Woo Mui Chan in HC/S 510/2021 dated 24 February 2022 (“Woo Mui Chan’s
AEIC in HC/S 510/2021”) at para 12.

I fail to see how the defendant can expect such bare and unsubstantiated
evidence to be capable of discharging her burden of showing that the Gold Deal
was illegal.

28 The final nail in the coffin is the defendant’s own admission in cross-
examination. When asked by the plaintiff’s counsel whether the Gold Deal was
“an illegal deal”, the defendant responded with “[i]t’s---it’s not a [sic]
illegal deal”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) of 23 August 2022 at p 54 ln 22–30.

For someone who expressed in no uncertain terms that “[the plaintiff] force[d]
[the defendant] to do illegal deals with her” in Statement 1, the defendant’s
admission is damning and, in my view, makes it difficult to accept that the
substance or gist of the offending words in Statement 1 is true.

29 Second, even if the Gold Deal was illegal, the defendant has not proved
that the plaintiff was even aware of such illegality, much less that the
plaintiff forced the defendant to partake in the illegality. Again, the
defendant led no evidence which even remotely suggests that the plaintiff was
aware of the alleged fraudulent arrangement and/or scam, in that Ms Cornelia
did not actually own any gold in a HSBC Singapore bank account. On the
contrary, the evidence suggests that the plaintiff knew no more than the
defendant did in relation to the gold allegedly owned by Ms Cornelia. On the
defendant’s own account, it was not the plaintiff who had ties with and
introduced Ms Cornelia to the defendant, but a man named Mr Steven Goh, who
apparently introduced ”some Filipinos” to both the plaintiff and the
defendant. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE of 23 August 2022 at p 54 ln 30–p 55 ln 11; Woo Mui Chan’s AEIC in HC/S
510/2021 at para 10.

The evidence thus does not suggest that the plaintiff knew that there was a
fraudulent arrangement while the defendant was kept in the dark.

30 Third, in my assessment of the evidence, I also find that the plaintiff did
not force the defendant to partake in any illegality (even assuming there was
any); on the contrary, I find that it was the defendant who initiated and
introduced the Gold Deal to the plaintiff. This is clear from the defendant’s
admission during cross-examination as well as contemporaneous email evidence.

31 On 13 November 2016, the defendant emailed the plaintiff, attaching a copy
of a “Warrant to Act”, wherein Ms Cornelia, the Attorney of one Mr Henry Dela
Pena Sansano, granted a Singapore law firm (Syed & Partners) a warrant to act
for her in Singapore on certain matters. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DF-1 Exhibit at pp 422–423.

When the email was raised to the defendant in cross-examination and the
defendant was asked if it meant that she “introduced Diana Foo to this deal”,
the defendant replied that she did introduce the plaintiff “[t]o the gold
deal”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE of 23 August 2022 at p 68 ln 4–24.

Further, on 3 February 2017, the defendant sent an email to the plaintiff
titled “HSBC 3500MT Gold Transfer Ownership”, attaching what appeared to be a
series of transfer of ownership documents allegedly from HSBC, Claymore
Branch, Gold Bullion Department, and which apparently showed that there was
gold worth US$490,362,812,500.00 under HSBC’s custody/safekeeping. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DF-1 Exhibit at pp 562–569.

32 In my view, the evidence thus points to the conclusion that it was the
defendant who initiated and introduced the Gold Deal to the plaintiff. The
corollary must be that the defendant was not forced by the plaintiff to
partake in the Gold Deal.

33 These findings are sufficient for me to dismiss the defence of
justification raised by the defendant vis-à-vis Statement 1 insofar as the
Gold Deal is concerned. However, I wish to make a brief remark on the
defendant’s integrity and credibility as a witness.

34 The defendant states in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that
“the [p]laintiff had prepared a fake contract between the Filipino and Mr
Liao” and that “a copy of the said contract … is … exhibited at [pp] 32–36 of
[the defendant’s exhibit]”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Woo Mui Chan’s AEIC in HC/S 510/2021 at para 8.

Page 36 of the defendant’s exhibit contains signatures of one Mr Kok Chiew
Leong (“Mr Kok”) and Mr Liao. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Woo Mui Chan’s Exhibit (“WMC-1 Exhibit”) at pp 32–36.

During cross-examination, the defendant was referred to pages 32–36 of her
AEIC and confirmed repeatedly that the Gold Deal agreement was signed at page
36. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE of 23 August 2022 at p 56 ln 7–17, p 57 ln 9–15.

35 However, page 36 of the defendant’s exhibit is identical to page 523 of the
plaintiff’s exhibit in her AEIC, which is the signature page to a different
agreement, namely, a Joint Venture Agreement between Oasis Realtors &
Consultants Pte Ltd and Super Nice Co Ltd. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DF-1 Exhibit at pp 519–523.

The identical signature pages contain the signatures of Mr Kok, on behalf of
Oasis Realtors & Consultants Pte Ltd, and Mr Liao on the other hand, for and
on behalf of Super Nice Co Ltd. At the bottom of page 36 of the defendant’s
AEIC exhibit, it even states “Joint Venture Agreement” and carries the page
number “5”, in contrast to the earlier pages of the Gold Deal agreement which
were not numbered. In my view, it is apparent that the defendant’s assertion
that page 36 of her AEIC exhibit contains the signatures for the Gold Deal
agreement is false.

36 In response to my questions raised during the trial, the defendant insisted
that page 36 contained the signatures for the Gold Deal agreement. She adapted
her evidence to state that they were simultaneously signatures for both the
Joint Venture Agreement and the Gold Deal agreement. She confirmed that they
were signed on the same day at the same time at the same location. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE of 23 August 2022 at p 64 ln 14–24.

In my view, the defendant was spinning another falsehood to cover her earlier
one. Her explanation simply does not stack up against the documentary
evidence. The parties to both agreements are plainly different. The Joint
Venture Agreement, which the signature page was taken from, is between Oasis
Realtors & Consultants Pte Ltd and Super Nice Co Ltd. The Gold Deal agreement
is between Ms Cornelia and Mr Liao. The signature page only refers to one
“Agreement”.

37 The defendant also stated during the trial that she gave a copy of the
signed Gold Deal agreement to her present counsel. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE of 23 August 2022 at p 65 ln 30 – p 66 ln 11.

Both Mr Tan Hiang Teck Simon, lead counsel for the defendant, and Ms Tan-Goh
Song Gek Alice (Mr Tan’s instructing solicitor) confirmed that they have never
received or seen such a document. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE of 23 August 2022 at p 66 ln 26 – p 67 ln 3.

In my view, this was yet another falsehood by the defendant and speaks volumes
of the defendant’s lack of integrity and credibility as a witness.

38 Recognising that her purported explanations hold no water, the defendant
then sought to retract all her assertions some seven months later by way of
her application for leave to adduce further evidence after the close of the
trial and after parties had exchanged closing submissions. In her affidavit
supporting the application, the defendant alleged that the signature page was
“wrongly attached to the Gold Agreement instead of being inserted after the F1
(Terminal 5 Agreement)”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AEIC of Woo Mui Chan in HC/S 510/2021 dated 24 March 2023 at para 5.

After hearing arguments, I had little hesitation dismissing that application.

The Vietnam Deal

39 In my judgment, with respect to the Vietnam Deal, the defence of
justification also fails, again primarily for the fundamental reason that the
defendant has not discharged her burden of proof to show that the Vietnam Deal
was in fact illegal.

40 As with the Gold Deal, the defendant also does not plead or particularise
what exactly was illegal about the Vietnam Deal. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defence at para 22(2).

Her main grievance appears to be the absence of supporting documents and
information regarding the Vietnam Deal. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence at para 22(2)(c)–(e).

In my view, this in and of itself cannot possibly amount to illegality or
cogent evidence of illegality. At best, the defendant claims that the
plaintiff had told her that the agreement for the Vietnam Deal was “for show”.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence at para 22(2)(e).

When pressed to explain what exactly was illegal about the Vietnam Deal during
cross-examination, the defendant stated that “[she] wanted [the plaintiff] to
put in all the detail [sic] in the contract but [the plaintiff] told [her]
this contract is just for show”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE of 23 August 2022 at p 51 ln 13–14.

41 At no point was it explained by the defendant what exactly “for show” meant
and why that rendered the Vietnam Deal illegal. I reiterate that the legal and
evidential burden lies on the defendant to show that the substance or gist of
the offending words in Statement 1 is true (see [23] above). In my view, the
defendant has failed to discharge that burden.

42 Further, the defendant’s allegation that the plaintiff had told her the
Vietnam Deal agreement was “for show” amounts to a bare assertion,
uncorroborated by any evidence surfaced during the proceedings. The defendant
seeks to rely heavily on an audio recording of a telephone conversation
between the plaintiff and the defendant, where the defendant raised concerns
over the legality of the Vietnam Deal. The conversation took place on 30 April
2018, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

WMC-1 Exhibit at p 10.

and was recorded by the defendant without the plaintiff’s knowledge. It
appears to me that the conversation was an attempt by the defendant to ensnare
the plaintiff into admitting that the Vietnam Deal was illegal. However, in my
judgment, when the entire transcript of the conversation is considered, the
defendant’s attempt failed and in fact backfired as a result of the
plaintiff’s confirmation that all their deals have to be conducted legally: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

WMC-1 Exhibit at p 13.

[Defendant:] No… I want to do something to […] make money with you but, we
have to do it the legal way. I’m not saying anything. I says [sic] that, ok,
if let’s says [sic] it’s a legalized [sic] thing, ok, can make money together,
why not??

Correct?

Since we got the opportunity to make the money together, I’m saying that. […]
but we have to do it legally, you understand or not?

[Plaintiff:] Ok I’m not saying about this also what [sic], I agree with you.

[emphasis added]

43 In sum, the defendant has failed to make good her case that the Vietnam
Deal was illegal, and consequently, has also failed to show that the substance
or gist of the offending words in Statement 1 is true.

44 Finally, I would also add that whilst the defendant pleads justification as
a defence in the making of Statement 1, somewhat inconsistently, the defendant
also pleads that, in response to the plaintiff’s letters of demand (see [8]
and [11] above), the defendant was “prepared to apologise and settle the
matter”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defence at paras 33 and 56.

But this begs the question – if Statement 1 was true, why apologise?

45 Similarly, the defendant pleads that she deleted Statement 1 from LSS’
Google page after she received the letter of demand from the plaintiff. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defence at para 61.

This pleading was, in my view, also inconsistent with the defendant’s pleaded
defence of justification, and begs the question – why take down or delete the
post if it was substantially true?

46 These internally inconsistent pleadings also serve to further highlight the
weaknesses in the defendant’s justification defence.

47 Accordingly and for the reasons above, the defendant’s plea of
justification is, in my judgment, without merit and I reject it. The result is
that the plaintiff’s claim against the defendant succeeds insofar as Statement
1 is concerned.

Statement 2

Whether the plaintiff has established a prima facie case of defamation

48 I turn now to Statement 2. The plaintiff contends that the natural and
ordinary meaning of Statement 2 is that: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

SOC at paras 25–27.

(a) The plaintiff is a rogue lawyer who has no regard for the law and
professional ethics.

(b) The plaintiff is a homosexual.

(c) The plaintiff entered into illegal dealings with the defendant in her
capacity as a lawyer.

(d) The plaintiff committed crimes.

(e) The plaintiff is dishonest, unethical, lacking in integrity and
mendacious.

49 As with Statement 1, while I do not agree with the plaintiff’s submissions
in their entirety, I am of the view that the natural and ordinary meaning of
Statement 2 at least encompasses the following:

(a) The plaintiff had lent money to the defendant in the form of cash,
insisting that the loans should not be recorded, the inference being that this
was suspicious conduct (paras 14–15 of Statement 2).

(b) The plaintiff had asked the defendant to assist her in a deal in Vietnam
to “move money”, the inference being that this was an illegal transaction
involving an element of money laundering (para 18 of Statement 2).

(c) The plaintiff had made unwanted sexual advances towards the defendant
(paras 20–21 of Statement 2).

(d) The plaintiff had used vulgarities against the defendant in the course of
her legal work (para 30 of Statement 2).

50 The sting of these allegations is, in my view, defamatory. They give the
impression that the plaintiff was engaged in illicit or unlawful financial
activities, made unwanted sexual advances towards the defendant, and did not
conduct herself professionally. In my view, this would tend to lower the
plaintiff in the estimation of right-thinking members of society generally.

51 Statement 2 explicitly identifies the plaintiff. It is, after all, a
written complaint against the plaintiff that was sent to LSS.

52 There is also no question that Statement 2 was published as it was
specifically communicated to LSS, which then convened a Review Committee to
respond to the complaint. The Review Committee ultimately found, unanimously,
that there was no breach by the plaintiff of the Legal Professional Act or
Legal Professional (Professional Conduct) Rules 2015. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DF-1 Exhibit at pp 38–39.

But that does not detract from the fact that there was publication of
Statement 2.

53 Therefore, I find that the plaintiff has successfully established a prima
facie case that Statement 2 is defamatory.

Whether the defence of qualified privilege applies

54 In respect of Statement 2, the only defence pleaded by the defendant is the
defence of qualified privilege. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defence at para 40.

The defence of qualified privilege recognises that there are circumstances
where the law allows an individual to make statements which may be ex facie
defamatory without incurring legal liability when there is a need for a
particular recipient to receive frank and uninhibited communication of
particular information from a particular source: Peter Lim at [163].

55 The categories of communications enjoying qualified privilege include the
following: (a) statements made between parties who share a common or mutual
interest in the subject matter of the communication; (b) statements made in
the discharge of a legal, social or moral duty; (c) statements made in the
protection of one’s own self-interest; and (d) fair and accurate reports of
certain proceedings: Peter Lim at [164].

56 The privilege is said to be qualified (as opposed to absolute) as the
defence can be defeated where the plaintiff can show that the defendant was
actuated by malice or has exceeded the privilege the law has granted: Peter
Lim at [165].

57 The defendant would be regarded as having acted with malice if the
defendant (a) was actuated by an improper or ulterior motive; or (b) did not
believe that the statement was true or was reckless as to the truth of the
statements: Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others v Koh Sin Chong Freddie and
another appeal [2012] 1 SLR 506 at [90]; The Law of Torts in Singapore at p
572.

Whether Statement 2 enjoys qualified privilege

58 I turn first to consider if the assertions made in Statement 2 would
qualify as a communication that would enjoy qualified privilege. In my
judgment, Statement 2 does fall under a category of communications enjoying
qualified privilege, namely as statements made between parties who share a
common or mutual interest in the subject matter of the communication.

59 Statement 2 details instances of the plaintiff’s alleged misconduct in the
course of an alleged solicitor-client relationship between the plaintiff and
the defendant. It requested LSS to review the complaints against the
plaintiff, specifically on the questions of whether it was permissible for the
plaintiff to (a) lend money to her client (the defendant); (b) make sexual
advances towards her client (the defendant); and (c) use vulgarities in the
course of the plaintiff’s legal work. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DF-1 Exhibit at p 18, para 30.

60 LSS is the body that regulates lawyers in Singapore and investigates
complaints relating to the conduct of lawyers in Singapore. Therefore, as
between the defendant and LSS, I am of the view that there exists a common or
mutual interest in the subject matter of Statement 2, namely the plaintiff’s
alleged professional misconduct in the course of the alleged solicitor-client
relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant. As such, Statement 2 is
capable of enjoying qualified privilege.

Whether the defence of qualified privilege is defeated by malice

61 In my judgment, Statement 2 was actuated by malice on the defendant’s part.
Accordingly, I find and hold that the defence of qualified privilege is
defeated. Let me elaborate.

62 The plaintiff and the defendant have had an acrimonious and litigious
relationship since 2018, due in large part to the defendant’s failure to repay
in full the loans given by the plaintiff and/or the judgment debt due to the
plaintiff (see [5]–[6] above).

63 In 2018, the defendant posted Statement 1 on LSS’ Google page, stating,
inter alia, that the plaintiff had forced the defendant to partake in illegal
deals with her (see [7] above). I have found Statement 1 to be defamatory of
the plaintiff. I have also concluded that the defendant could not show that
the substance or gist of the offending words in Statement 1 is true (see [33]
and [43] above).

64 This is the factual context within which Statement 2 was made on 3 March
2020.

65 In respect of paras 20–21 of Statement 2 (see [9] above), I am of the view
that the defendant could not possibly have believed in the truth of her
allegations, namely that the plaintiff had made unwanted sexual advances
towards the defendant and that the defendant had “rebuffed these advances”. I
find it unnecessary to examine or comment on the nature of the relationship,
if any, between the plaintiff and the defendant. However, I note that the
contemporaneous evidence by way of text messages exchanged between the
plaintiff and defendant shows that the defendant addressed the plaintiff as
“dear”, “darling”, and “baby”, and both parties had exchanged similarly
affectionate messages with each other. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DF-1 Exhibit at pp 747–756.

The defendant confirmed during cross-examination that these terms of
endearment were indeed “[her] words”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE of 23 August 2022 at p 82 ln 25–p 83 ln 30.

In light of the history of acrimony between the parties, I find that the only
plausible explanation behind the defendant’s allegation against the plaintiff
in relation to the assertion of unwanted sexual advances (and the underlying
implication of “homosexual tendencies”), addressed to LSS, is that the
defendant’s motive was to injure the plaintiff.

66 The other allegations in Statement 2 (see [49(a), (b) and (d)] above) must
also be seen in light of the context established above (at [62]–[63]).

67 In respect of paras 14–15, it is undisputed that the plaintiff and the
defendant were friends when these loans were advanced by the plaintiff to the
defendant. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Diana Foo’s AEIC in HC/S 510/2021 at para 62; Woo Mui Chan’s AEIC in HC/OSB
59/2018 at para 4 (DF-1 Exhibit at p 43).

Therefore, it is not surprising that these loans were not recorded in any
formal manner. In my view, the fact that the defendant has chosen to take
issue with this only after their relationship has soured reinforces the
finding that the defendant sent the complaint in Statement 2 to LSS with the
motive of injuring the plaintiff, in retaliation for the legal actions that
the plaintiff had instituted against the defendant.

68 With respect to para 18 of Statement 2 where the defendant states that the
plaintiff had asked her to assist in a deal in Vietnam to “move money”, I note
that this was not one of the specific issues raised by the defendant to LSS at
para 30 of Statement 2 (see [59] above). The words “move money” connote that
this was an illegal transaction with an element of possible money laundering
(see [49(b)] above). Given the lack of relevance of this allegation to the
investigation request made of LSS by the defendant as well as the defendant’s
choice of words, this reinforces my finding above that the defendant sent the
complaint in Statement 2 to LSS with the motive of injuring the plaintiff.
That motive was malicious.

69 As for the allegation in para 30 of Statement 2 that the plaintiff had used
vulgarities against the defendant, this is true from the evidence adduced in
the proceedings. Vulgarities were indeed frequently used by the plaintiff in
her interactions with the defendant and the plaintiff also admitted that she
did utter vulgarities during the telephone conversation between her and the
defendant ([42] above). However, Statement 2 must be seen as a whole. In order
to accurately ascertain the defendant’s motivations in sending the letter of
complaint to LSS, Statement 2 should not be sliced and diced into separate and
distinct allegations. In my view, this specific complaint by the defendant is
but one of the manifestations of the defendant’s personal grievances against
the plaintiff. I find that the raising of this allegation against the
plaintiff was also actuated by malice on the defendant’s part to seek to
maximise the injury or damage to the plaintiff’s career as an advocate and
solicitor.

70 Finally, underlying the complaint in Statement 2 is the premise that the
defendant was at the material time the client of the plaintiff. I find that on
a balance of probabilities, the defendant could not possibly have honestly
believed this to be true. This is apparent from the exchange between the
defendant and the LSS Review Committee: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DF-1 Exhibit at pp 38–39.

i) Requested information: The exact period during which the Complainant had
engaged the Respondent for legal services.

Complainant’s Answer: “Helping me with my daughter Probate, [the Respondent]
just only gave me basic information that’s all.”

ii) Requested information: A copy/copies of the Engagement Letter(s) between
the Complainant and The Respondent.

Complainant’s Answer: There was no Engagement Letter.

iii) Requested information: The aggregate sum paid by the Complainant to the
Respondent for legal services.

Complainant’s Answer: The Respondent said that “the advice was for free”.

[emphasis added in italics]

71 It is clear that even with the alleged deal to “move money”, the defendant
did not consider that there was any solicitor-client relationship extant when
the complaint was sent by her to LSS. When viewed in the round, it is quite
apparent, in my view, that Statement 2 was not sent by the defendant because
she had grievances about the plaintiff as her lawyer at the material time but
because she had a personal grudge against the plaintiff following the
breakdown of their friendship, and the plaintiff happened to be a lawyer in
practice. Thus, the motive behind Statement 2 was, in my judgment, one
actuated by malice – as a form of retaliation against the plaintiff. For the
foregoing reasons, I find and hold that the defence of qualified privilege is
defeated by the defendant’s malice. Thus, the plaintiff’s claim against the
defendant in relation to Statement 2 also succeeds.

Conclusion

72 For the reasons detailed in this judgment, the plaintiff’s claim against
the defendant succeeds. I find the defendant liable to the plaintiff for
defamation arising from the Statements made by the defendant. As the trial has
been bifurcated, the question of what damages are due to the plaintiff are to
be assessed.

73 I shall hear the parties separately on the question of costs of the trial
on liability and any other costs that have been reserved for my determination.

S Mohan J  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Alfred Dodwell (Dodwell & Co LLC) for the plaintiff;

Tan-Goh Song Gek Alice and Tan Yu Poh Susan (Chen Youbao) (A C Fergusson Law
Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 14 Aug 2023 (11:46 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

