Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 253

Originating Application No 148 of 2023

In the matter of Part 7 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act
2018  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Sections 90, 91 and 92 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018  
---  
  
Between

X Diamond Capital Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Metech International Limited  
---  
  
… Non-party

judgment

[Insolvency Law — Judicial management — Judicial management order]

[Insolvency Law — Judicial management — Appointment of judicial manager]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re X Diamond Capital Pte Ltd

  
(

Metech International Ltd, non-party)

[2023] SGHC 253

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 148 of 2023  
Goh Yihan JC  
4 August 2023

8 September 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 This is the applicant’s (X Diamond Capital Pte Ltd or the “Company”)
application for a judicial management order (the “JM Order”) pursuant to Part
7 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (the
“IRDA”). Metech International Limited (“Metech”) opposes the application in
its capacity as one of the Company’s creditors.

2 Having heard the parties and considered the relevant documents, I allow the
Company’s application for the reasons below.

Background facts

3 The brief background to Metech’s opposition is as follows.

4 On 13 May 2019, the Company was incorporated in Singapore. It is principally
engaged in the business of selling jewellery made from precious metals and
stones, and the manufacturing of piezo-electric devices. Mr Deng Yiming (“Mr
Deng”) is the sole director of the Company.

5 On or around 27 September 2021, the Company entered into a joint venture
agreement with Asian Green Tech Pte Ltd (“AGT”), which is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Metech. Pursuant to the joint venture, the Company and AGT
incorporated a company in Singapore known as Asian Eco Technology Pte Ltd
(“AET”). AET is principally engaged in the business of manufacturing and
distributing lab-grown diamonds. At the time of AET’s inception, the Company
held 245,000 shares in it, while AGT held 255,000 shares in it. The Company
therefore owned 49% of the shares in AET. As set out in the joint venture
agreement, AGT will operate and manage AET, while the Company will provide
technical support to AET.

6 On 22 October 2021, the Company, Metech, and AET entered into a Loan and
Guarantee Agreement (the “LG Agreement”). Pursuant to the LG Agreement, Metech
agreed to grant AET loans of a total principal amount not exceeding $4m. In
turn, the Company agreed to guarantee 49% of any amount outstanding from AET
to Metech. In various tranches since 27 October 2021, AET has drawn down, and
Metech has disbursed, a total of $3,851,439. AET has since repaid a sum of
$1,286,223. This leaves an outstanding principal sum of $2,565,216.

7 On 21 November 2022, Metech’s previous solicitors sent a letter, on Metech’s
behalf, to AET demanding payment of the outstanding sum of $2,627,318.27 due
under the LG Agreement, which comprised the principal sum of $2,565,216 plus
interest. Metech’s demand remains unsatisfied to date.

8 On 26 January 2023, Metech served a statutory demand to the Company, in the
latter’s capacity as a guarantor under the LG Agreement, for payment of
$1,301,023.06, being 49% of the total outstanding sum under the LG Agreement.
The Company has not repaid or satisfied the sum demanded, nor secured or
compounded the same to the reasonable satisfaction of Metech. The debt of
$1,301,023.06 is allegedly 23.58% of the total debt owed by the Company to all
of its creditors.

9 It is under these circumstances that the Company is applying for a JM Order.
In particular, the Company says that the making of a JM Order would likely
achieve two of the purposes set out in s 89(1) of the IRDA, namely: (a) the
survival of the Company, or the whole or part of its undertaking, as a going
concern; and (b) the interests of the creditors would be better served
otherwise than by resorting to a winding up as the Company’s creditors will be
able to realise a more advantageous realisation of the Company’s assets or
property than on a winding up. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Further Submissions dated 31 July 2023 (“AFS”) at para 2(b).

The relevant issues

10 As set out in s 91(1) of the IRDA, a court may make a judicial management
order if: (a) the court is satisfied that the company is or is likely to
become unable to pay its debts; and (b) the court considers that the making of
the order would be likely to achieve one or more of the purposes of judicial
management mentioned in s 89(1) of the IRDA. Further, s 91(3) of the IRDA
lists the considerations a court must take into account when appointing a
judicial manager, including the court’s discretion to reject a nominee (see s
91(3)(c)) and the court’s discretion to adopt a nominee proposed by the
majority in number and value of the creditors (see s 91(3)(d)).

11 Therefore, in relation to the proposed JM Order, I will deal the following
issues in turn:

(a) whether the Company is, or is likely to become, unable to pay its debts;

(b) whether there is a real prospect that one or more of the purposes of
judicial management would be achieved;

(c) whether there is clear support by a majority of the creditors;

(d) whether the present application was brought in bad faith; and

(e) whether the proposed judicial manager is qualified.

My decision: the Company’s application is allowed

The Company is unable to pay its debts

12 First, I am satisfied that the Company is unable to pay its debts. In this
regard, Mr Deng has attested in his first affidavit that the Company is
“presently unable to pay its debts as they fall due” due to its cash flow
issues. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Affidavit of Deng Yiming dated 21 February 2023 at para 8.

In the same affidavit, Mr Deng also states that “Metech is entitled to present
a winding up application against the Company” 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Affidavit of Deng Yiming dated 21 February 2023 at para 21.

because “the Company is unable to meet the alleged debt under the statutory
demand from Metech”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Affidavit of Deng Yiming dated 21 February 2023 at para 23.

Indeed, Metech has not challenged this aspect of Mr Deng’s evidence.

13 Accordingly, I am satisfied, on the basis of the documents before me, that
the Company is unable to pay its debts.

There is a real prospect that one or more of the purposes of judicial
management would be achieved

14 Next, I am satisfied that there is a real prospect that one or more of the
purposes of judicial management would be achieved with the making of the JM
Order. In this regard, I begin by considering the purposes of judicial
management, which are set out in s 89(1) of the IRDA:

Purpose of judicial management and judicial manager

89.—(1) The judicial manager of a company must perform the judicial manager’s
functions to achieve one or more of the following purposes of judicial
management:

(a) the survival of the company, or the whole or part of its undertaking, as a
going concern;

(b) the approval under section 210 of the Companies Act 1967 or section 71 of
a compromise or an arrangement between the company and any such persons as are
mentioned in the applicable section;

(c) a more advantageous realisation of the company’s assets or property than
on a winding up.

This must be read with s 91(1)(b) of the IRDA, where the court considers
whether “the making of the order would be likely to achieve one or more of the
purposes of judicial management mentioned in section 89(1)”.

15 As a preliminary point, I note that s 91(1)(b) of the IRDA (and its
predecessor provision found in s 227B(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed)) uses the term “would be likely” to describe the prospect that a
judicial management order might fulfil one or more of the purposes of judicial
management set out in s 89(1). Nevertheless, the Court of Appeal has held in
Deutsche Bank AG and another v Asia Pulp & Paper Co Ltd [2003] 2 SLR(R) 320
(at [15]–[17]), in the context of the Companies Act, that the test is that of
a “real prospect”, which I note is a lower threshold than the balance of
probabilities test, and the applicant need not establish that the purpose in
question will more probably than not be achieved if a judicial management
order is made. For completeness, I also observe that the “real prospect”
threshold has also been applied in the context of the IRDA (see the High Court
decisions of Yap Sze Kam v Yang Kee Logistics Pte Ltd and another matter
[2023] SGHC 43 at [28] and [37] and Point72 Ventures Investments LLC v FinLync
Pte Ltd (Klein, Peter Selig and another, non-parties) [2023] SGHC 122
(“Point72”) at [36]).

16 Applying this standard, I find that the JM Order sought would have a real
prospect of allowing the Company to survive with the whole or part of its
undertaking, as a going concern, or in achieving a more advantageous
realisation of the Company’s assets than on a winding up. I elaborate on these
below.

Survival of the Company

17 First, there is a real prospect that the making of the JM Order might
result in the survival of the Company, or the whole or part of its
undertaking, as a going concern. This is because the Company has potential
assets in the form of two white knight proposals from Mr Lin Changxin and
Shenzhen Baojia Investment Co Ltd (the “Proposals”). Metech objects to the
Proposals principally on the grounds that: (a) the Proposals are not genuine
proposals and are based on an excessive valuation of the Company; 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Affidavit of Hua Lei dated 17 April 2023 at paras 19–36.

and (b) the Proposals are based on false or incorrect information regarding
the Company’s present state. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st Affidavit of Hua Lei dated 17 April 2023 at paras 37–51.

18 Having considered them carefully, I do not find Metech’s objections to be
persuasive. In the first place, given the standard of a “real prospect” in the
relevant test, I find that the Company has furnished sufficient evidence in
the form of the respective letters of intent from the investors. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

2nd Affidavit of Deng Yiming dated 3 April 2023 at Tabs 4 and 6.

In this regard, as the English High Court held in Baltic House Developments
Ltd v Cheung and another [2018] Bus LR 1531 (“Baltic”) (at [36]), the burden
lies on the party applying for judicial management to show a real prospect
that the statutory purpose of judicial management will be achieved. This does
not require the applicant to show that “it is more likely than not that such a
result will be achieved”, but instead that “there must be something more than
speculation”. Applying this standard, the court in Baltic found (at [38]) that
two letters of interest provided by potential investors were neither cogent
nor compelling because no details had been given of funding or resources and
no commitment had been made to move the matter forward (see also Point72 at
[36]). The court therefore concluded (at [39]) that the applicant had not
shown a real prospect of the statutory purpose of judicial management being
achieved. In contrast, in the present application, the letters of intent set
out sufficient details as to the Proposals, including the arrangements for due
diligence and audit assessment. I am satisfied that this is sufficient to
demonstrate a real prospect of the investments materialising, and with that,
the survival of the Company, or the whole or part of its undertaking, as a
going concern.

19 Moreover, about eight to nine months prior to the filing of the present
application, Metech was in formal discussions with the Company to acquire all
of its shares, and had, in the SGX announcement published on 2 June 2022,
indicated that it agreed that the initial valuation of the entire issued share
capital of the Company would be $65m. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Agreed Bundle of Affidavits dated 3 August 2023 at p 552.

This shows that even Metech had regarded the Company to be worth that sum,
which is in the ballpark of the present valuation of $62m to $63m by the
Company that Metech now rejects. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1st Affidavit of Hua Lei dated 17 April 2023 at para 37.

In his oral submissions, counsel for Metech, Mr Yam Wern-Jhien (“Mr Yam”),
sought to distinguish Metech’s proposed acquisition of the Company with the
Proposals by suggesting that while Metech had agreed to acquire the Company at
a satisfactory price subject to due diligence, no such price had actually been
agreed upon in the current Proposals. However, as mentioned above, because the
Company bears the burden of showing only a real prospect, I am of the view
that this distinction does not assist Metech’s case.

20 Finally, as for Metech’s allegation that the Proposals are based on false
or incorrect information, Mr Deng has explained in his second affidavit that
he had not updated the slides shown to the investors but had explained the
updates to them. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

2nd Affidavit of Deng Yiming dated 3 April 2023 at para 7(a).

I am satisfied that this is a reasonable explanation.

21 In any event, while I note that Mr Deng has not explained why the Company
values itself at $65m despite purporting a desire to do so in his third
affidavit, it remains, as I will explain later, that the Company has at least
$4m in receivables. Thus, even absent the Proposals, the benefits of the
Company coming under judicial management remain clear.

Realisation of assets

22 Second, there is also a real prospect that the making of the JM Order will
achieve a more advantageous realisation of the Company’s assets than on a
winding up. In this regard, Metech raises the issue of how the Company can
remain a going concern since its assets are fixed. The Company’s assets
consist of: (a) a judgment debt against Mr Wu Yongqiang (“Mr Wu”) arising from
HC/OC 9/2023 (“OC 9”); (b) shares in AET; and (c) potentially, the Proposals.
Metech submits that if the assets of a company include revenue to be earned by
contracts, the company will be a going concern and should not be wound up.
Conversely, if the assets of a company are mostly fixed, as is the case here,
the company should instead be wound up.

23 Despite Mr Yam’s able arguments on behalf of Metech, I am satisfied that
the Company can remain a going concern. Although the Company has fixed assets,
these are major assets, which must surely point towards the benefit of it
being a going concern. I say this for the following reasons. First, the
Company has a $4m receivable from Mr Wu. This is for the sale of 20% of shares
in AET, out of the 49% of AET shares owned by the Company. The Company has
obtained final judgment in OC 9 to recover this sum from Mr Wu. While Metech
has argued that it is unclear whether the Company can even recover this sum of
$4m, and whether it is sufficient to satisfy the Company’s total debt, the
point is that this sum, together with the other possible receivables, attest
to the viability of the Company remaining as a going concern, as opposed to
being wound up. Second, after the sale of 20% of its shares in AET, the
Company still has 1,488,468 ordinary shares in AET, representing approximately
29% of the total shareholding of AET. The Company says that under the hands of
a judicial manager, appropriate steps can be taken to recover these shares
which allegedly have been wrongfully transferred by AGT. Finally, the
Proposals are estimated to contribute at least $28,137,630 to the Company’s
assets, which would only be plausible should the Company remain a going
concern.

There is clear support from the majority of creditors

24 Next, I am satisfied that there is clear support from the majority of
creditors, which is a strong factor in favour of granting the JM Order. As a
starting point, the presence of creditor support is a factor to be considered
by the court in granting a judicial management order (see Point72 at [43]).
Indeed, this is because “a company whose debts far exceed its assets in effect
belongs to its creditors”, and so the “court must show great heed to the
wishes and views of such creditors” (see the High Court decision of Re Genesis
Technologies International (S) Pte Ltd [1994] 2 SLR(R) 298 (“Re Genesis”) at
[8]). However, the relevance of creditor support will differ from case to
case. For instance, if the survival of a company is entirely dependent on
loans extended by creditors, the extent of creditor support will undoubtedly
be of greater relevance. On the other hand, if the company proposes to
rehabilitate itself through capital injections, whether there is creditor
support will be of lesser relevance.

25 Before explaining why I am satisfied that there is clear support from the
majority of creditors, I address Metech’s submission that some of the
Company’s debts are not valid. Metech raises the following points. First,
Metech alleges that the debts to Mr Deng, Ms Fiona Xu (“Ms Xu”), and Ms Zhou
Kejie (“Ms Zhou”) arise from loans given to the Company’s subsidiaries. On
this basis, Metech argues that the debts of Mr Deng, Ms Xu, and Ms Zhou should
not be taken into consideration in assessing creditor support, and that Metech
should therefore be regarded as the majority creditor in value. Second, Metech
submits that the Company cannot be allowed to rely on the support of the very
creditors whose claims have not been admitted by the Company and that, in any
event, the evidence demonstrating the alleged creditor support is hearsay and
therefore inadmissible.

26 I do not accept Metech’s submission regarding the debts to Mr Deng, Ms Xu,
and Ms Zhou. The Company executed letters of guarantee over the loans, the
latter of which were dated 30 August 2019. There is thus a prima facie claim
by these individuals as creditors against the Company. Metech then states that
it has serious doubts as to the authenticity of these letters of guarantee
because they were not disclosed earlier during Metech’s own due diligence into
the Company’s business and finances when Metech was contemplating acquiring
shares in the Company. However, Metech never completed the due diligence
exercise. Although there is a possibility that the Company’s failure to submit
the letters of guarantee was a reason why Metech never completed the due
diligence exercise, it is not for the court to speculate as to why the letters
of guarantee were not disclosed in that aborted transaction. The fact remains
that, for the present application, the Company has provided the letters of
guarantee, which establish a prima facie case of the claims made by the
relevant individuals. Also, given that the letters of guarantees were tendered
in response to Metech’s opposition, I do not think that they can be described
as being late. As such, Metech remains the only one of the 12 alleged
creditors who opposes the present application.

27 I also do not accept Metech’s submission on the Company’s position
regarding the alleged creditor support. First, in my view, the Company did not
take an inconsistent position, in so far as the Company had been engaged in
discussions for the Proposals. It is therefore understandable that the
Company’s position may shift depending on the outcome of the discussions.

28 Second, for the evidence demonstrating the alleged creditor support, which
takes the form of email correspondence between the solicitors of the Company
and the solicitors of the alleged creditors, I am satisfied that they may be
admitted. As I mentioned in my earlier decision of Re X Diamond Capital Pte
Ltd (Metech International Ltd, non-party) [2023] SGHC 201 at [20], oral
evidence provided on assertions made outside of court and tendered in court as
evidence as to the truth of the contents, whereby the maker of the assertion
is not called as a witness, is inadmissible hearsay evidence. The Evidence Act
1893 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “EA”) does not apply to the present application
because it is determined by affidavit evidence alone (see s 2(1) of the EA),
but what will apply are rules of evidence at common law that are not
inconsistent with the EA (at [21]). The applicable rule is O 15 r 25(1) of the
Rules of Court 2021 (the “ROC 2021”), where “evidence on information or on
belief is prima facie inadmissible in proceedings commenced by originating
application where the rights and liabilities of the parties are determined
with finality” (at [22]).

29 If the EA applied to the present application, I may have found that the
evidence falls under s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA, which provides as follows:

32.—(1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3), statements of relevant facts made
by a person (whether orally, in a document or otherwise), are themselves
relevant facts in the following cases:

…

(b) when the statement was made by a person in the ordinary course of a trade,
business, profession or other occupation and in particular when it consists of
—

…

(iv) a document constituting, or forming part of, the records (whether past or
present) of a trade, business, profession or other occupation that are
recorded, owned or kept by any person, body or organisation carrying out the
trade, business, profession or other occupation,

and includes a statement made in a document that is, or forms part of, a
record compiled by a person acting in the ordinary course of a trade,
business, profession or other occupation based on information supplied by
other persons;

In this regard, the Court of Appeal decision of Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings
Business Ltd and others and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 686 is instructive. In
its analysis of s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA, the court observed at [94] that this
exception covers “information supplied by other persons”, such that multiple
hearsay to an unlimited degree may be admitted without safeguards concerning
the knowledge of the persons involved in transmitting the information. The
court held that s 32(1)(b)(iv) was therefore prima facie broad enough to
permit the admission of an inspection report for the purposes of proving that
the coal shipped on board a vessel was of the quality stated in the report (at
[95]). However, the court noted that this was not the end of the matter and
that s 32(3) of the EA still required the court to examine whether it should
exercise its discretion to exclude the report in the interests of justice (at
[95]). In the premises, the court eventually found that it was not in the
interests of justice to admit that report pursuant to s 32(3) of the EA (at
[120]).

30 As such, if s 32(1)(b)(iv) were to apply in the present application, I may
have been satisfied that the email correspondence forms part of a record
compiled by the solicitors acting in the ordinary course of business based on
information supplied by their clients, ie, the alleged creditors. Because s
32(1)(b)(iv) allows multiple hearsay to an unlimited degree, it is immaterial
that the email correspondence was between the solicitors of the Company and
the solicitors of the alleged creditors, and not directly between the Company
and the alleged creditors. Moreover, given that there is no evidence as to why
it would not be in the interests of justice to admit the email correspondence,
I would have declined to exercise my discretion under s 32(3) of the EA to
exclude the email correspondence.

31 However, since the EA does not apply to the present application (because it
is determined by affidavit evidence alone), I can only apply rules of evidence
at common law that are not inconsistent with the EA. It has been observed that
the business statement exception as codified in the EA “is wider than that in
the common law” (see Singapore Academy of Law, Report of the Law Reform
Committee on Reform of Admissibility of Hearsay Evidence in Civil Proceedings
(May 2007) (Chairperson: Philip Jeyaretnam SC) at para 14). There is therefore
no rule at common law that has the same effect as s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA.
While this may suggest that the common law business statement exception is
inconsistent with the EA, it appears to me that this a proper case to make a
principled expansion of the common law business statement exception to match
the scope of s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA. Indeed, if this application had been
determined by way of a trial, and therefore had been subject to the EA, it is
likely that s 32(1)(b)(iv) of the EA would apply. It cannot be the case that
evidence in an application determined by affidavit evidence alone, and in
which there are no material disputes of fact (see O 6 r 1(2) of the ROC 2021),
is subject to stricter scrutiny as compared to evidence in an application
determined by way of a trial.

32 In any event, even if I am wrong and the evidence must be inadmissible for
being hearsay evidence, I do not think it changes my decision in the present
application. Quite apart from the clear support from the majority of
creditors, which is what the evidence goes towards showing, there are other
factors in the present application that lean towards granting the JM Order.

33 With the above discussion in mind, I turn to address why I am satisfied
that there is clear support from the majority of creditors. Apart from Metech,
none of the other alleged creditors of the Company have objected to the
present application. Indeed, 11 out of 12 of the alleged creditors, which
constitute 76.42% in value of all alleged creditors, are not opposing the
present application. More specifically, nine of 12 of the alleged creditors,
which constitute 74.37% in value of all alleged creditors, support the present
application, whereas two of 12 of the alleged creditors, which constitute
1.97% in value of all alleged creditors, take no position in respect of the
present application. Although Mr Yam argued that the success of the Proposals
was not dependent on creditor support, as I suggested to Mr Yam during the
hearing, creditor support in the form of inaction will affect whether the
Proposals may materialise. Thus, the fact that no alleged creditor other than
Metech has objected to the present application is a strong factor in favour of
the granting of a JM Order.

34 For completeness, in so far as Metech’s main concern appears to be whether
its debt can be repaid, the making of a JM Order will not be inconsistent with
that concern. This is because if the purposes of judicial management in s
89(1) of the IRDA can be achieved, the Company will be able to repay the debt
it owes to Metech. On the contrary, without a JM Order, and if the Company is
wound up, there would be greater uncertainty as to whether Metech’s debt can
be repaid by the Company.

The present application is not brought in bad faith

35 Finally, I turn to the issue of whether the Company brought the present
application in bad faith. Before me, Mr Yam submitted that the Company brought
the present application in bad faith for two reasons. First, Mr Yam referred
to Re Genesis, where the court dismissed the application for judicial
management because “the company … [had] failed to credibly demonstrate how it
got into the quagmire it was in and how the situation was to be improved” (at
[11]). The company in that case had also omitted to include the claims of two
opposing creditors, which were substantial, in its list of creditors (at
[16]). Similarly, in Mr Yam’s submission, the Company failed to disclose its
list of creditors. Second, Mr Yam compared an application for judicial
management under s 91 of the IRDA with an application for a moratorium for a
scheme of arrangement under s 64 of the IRDA. Because s 64(4) of the IRDA
requires the Company to provide information such as evidence of creditor
support and a list of all secured and unsecured creditors, Mr Yam submitted
that the court may infer that, in the absence of such information, the Company
is bringing the application for judicial management in bad faith.

36 I reject both these arguments. As a preliminary point, and as Mr Yam
accepted, the finding that a company is bringing an application in bad faith
is a serious one that the court will make only in sufficiently exceptional
circumstances. The present application does not involve such exceptional
circumstances. First, Re Genesis may be distinguished. The application for
judicial management in Re Genesis was dismissed because the company there had
failed to provide a satisfactory explanation for why it had omitted to include
the debts of two opposing creditors whose claims were substantial. I do not
think that the Company has done any such thing in the present application.
Contrary to Metech’s submission, the Company has provided the court with a
list of its alleged creditors. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

7th Affidavit of Deng Yiming dated 26 July 2023 at pp 125–130.

37 Second, I do not accept that the requirements for an application under s 64
of the IRDA apply to an application under s 91 of the IRDA. It is trite that
Parliament does not legislate in vain, and “the court should therefore
endeavour to give significance to every word in an enactment” (see the Court
of Appeal decision of Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 at
[38]). Thus, in so far as the detailed requirements for an application under s
64 are not reproduced in s 91, it cannot be the case that Parliament intended
for those requirements to apply to s 91, let alone for the failure to satisfy
those requirements to lend to an inference of bad faith.

38 Further, as a matter of principle, an application for judicial management
is fundamentally different from an application for a scheme of arrangement in
that a company under judicial management cedes control to an external judicial
manager, while a company under a scheme of arrangement continues to be
supervised by its internal management. One cannot expect that the statutory
disclosure requirements will be the same for two entirely different regimes.

39 For all of these reasons, I am satisfied there is a real prospect that one
or more of the purposes of judicial management would be achieved. I
accordingly make the JM Order as prayed for by the Company, save to decide
whether the proposed judicial manager should be appointed.

The appointment of the Company’s proposed judicial manager is appropriate

40 As for the choice of a judicial manager, it is clear that a court will
consider three factors when making the appointment, namely: (a) the choice of
the largest creditor; (b) the independence or perceived independence of the
nominees; and (c) the skill and expertise of the judicial managers (see the
High Court decision of Re Hodlnaut Pte Ltd [2022] SGHC 209 (“Re Hodlnaut Pte
Ltd”) at [11]–[12]).

41 In this regard, the Company has proposed Mr Tam Chee Chong (“Mr Tam”) to be
suitably qualified. Metech opposes this nomination and has proposed its own
nominee, whom I will come to below.

42 The Company raises as a preliminary issue of whether Metech can even be
heard in opposition. The Company submits that on a “strict reading” of s
91(3)(d) of the IRDA, unless the creditors opposing a company’s nomination of
the judicial manager constitute a majority in number and value of the
creditors, the court “need not take heed to the opposing creditor(s) [sic]
opposition to the company’s nomination of the [judicial manager]”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AFS at para 28.

Section 91(3)(d) of the IRDA states as follows:

(3) In any application for a judicial management order under subsection (1),
the following apply:

…

(d) where a nomination is made by the company —

(i) a majority in number and value of the creditors (including contingent or
prospective creditors) may be heard in opposition to the nomination; and

(ii) the Court may, if satisfied as to the number and value of the creditors’
claims and as to the grounds of opposition, invite the creditors to nominate
another person in place of the applicant’s nominee and, if the Court sees fit,
adopt their nomination;

43 I agree with the Company’s interpretation, which is consistent with the
legislative history behind s 91(3)(d). As stated in the Report of the Select
Committee on the Companies (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 9/86) (Parl 5 of 1987, 12
March 1987) (at p A-92), the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1985 Rev Ed) had
originally required that a proposed judicial manager be approved by the
majority of a company’s creditors. However, due to concerns that it could be
unwieldy and costly if the company always had to seek the approval of majority
of its creditors in nominating a judicial manager, the Companies Act was
amended to allow the company to nominate a judicial manager but leaving the
creditors the right to oppose this nomination and suggest another nominee (at
pp A-113 to A-114). Eventually, via the Companies (Amendment) Act 1987 (Act 13
of 1987), s 227B(3)(c) was enacted and remained unchanged in the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) until it was reproduced in its current form in s
91(3)(d) of the IRDA.

44 With that being said, and while this was not an interpretation advanced by
the Company, I do not think that s 91(3)(d) obliges the court to appoint an
unqualified judicial manager just because a majority of the creditors failed
to oppose such an appointment. This would reduce the court to a rubber-stamp
of the majority creditors’ wishes and cannot be right.

45 Therefore, in my view, the proper interpretation of s 91(3)(d) of the IRDA
is as follows. As a starting point, the company applying for judicial
management may nominate a judicial manager. If there is a majority in number
and value of the creditors opposing this nomination, they may suggest another
nominee. The court may consider this nominee but is not bound to approve of
him or her. However, the converse is not true, such that even if there is no
majority in number and value of the creditors opposing the company’s
nomination, the court need not automatically approve of the company’s nominee.
The court will still consider factors such as the independence of the nominee,
as well as the skill and expertise of the nominee. Indeed, as the High Court
in Re Hodlnaut Pte Ltd observed (at [13]), the appointment of a judicial
manager is “a fact sensitive exercise, with the court having to consider
different factors from case to case”.

46 Because Metech is not a majority creditor of the Company either in number
or in value, Metech cannot rely on s 91(3)(d) of the IRDA to oppose the
Company’s nomination. Indeed, as Mr Yam clarified during oral submissions,
Metech was seeking to rely only on s 91(3)(c) of the IRDA, which provides that
the court “may reject the nomination of the applicant and appoint another
person in place of the applicant’s nominee”.

47 However, as Mr Yam correctly acknowledged, s 91(3)(c) of the IRDA does not
give Metech the standing to oppose the Company’s proposed nominee. Instead,
all it does is to provide that the court may exercise its own discretion in
considering the Company’s proposed nominee and, if necessary, appoint an
alternative judicial manager. In my view, it could not have been the
legislative intent for s 91(3)(c) to act as a backup plan where s 91(3)(d)
cannot be invoked, which is essentially what Metech is seeking to do. This is
because Parliament is presumed not to have intended an unworkable or
impracticable result (see Tan Cheng Bock at [38]). I think it would be an
impracticable result for a creditor who cannot satisfy the requirement in s
91(3)(d) to be able to rely on s 91(3)(c).

48 Having dealt with the procedural points above, I appoint Mr Tam as the
judicial manager for the following reasons. First, having considered the
possibility that “[Mr] Deng himself may be responsible for providing funding
to [the Company] to make payment of the judicial manager’s professional fees,”
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1st Affidavit of Hua Lei dated 17 April 2023 at para 62.

I find that it is not at all clear that Mr Deng will provide such funding.

49 Second, even if Mr Deng does so, it is even more inappropriate to appoint
Metech’s nominee, Ms Ellyn Tan (“Ms Tan”), given that Metech’s controlling
shareholder, Mr Wu, is actually embroiled in litigation with the Company in OC
9. Moreover, the judicial manager would need to consider possible enforcement
actions against Metech and its subsidiary, AGT. Therefore, on balance, it may
be less inappropriate to appoint Mr Tam, who has no links to Metech and AGT,
rather than Ms Tan.

50 More broadly, I do not think that Metech has cast any valid aspersions on
Mr Tam’s actual or perceived independence. Indeed, Metech’s only point in this
regard is that Mr Deng may have wrongfully caused the Company’s downfall. As
such, the judicial manager appointed should be “free from any association with
[the Company] in order to eliminate any notions of perceived bias as the
judicial manager may need to conduct investigations into [Mr] Deng himself to
uncover any potential wrongdoing on his part”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Non-party’s Supplementary Written Submissions dated 1 August 2023 at para 33.

I do not agree with this because this point, if accepted, would mean that any
company, which seeks judicial management because its fortunes have taken a
turn for the worse due to internal mismanagement, cannot put forward its own
nominee because that nominee may feel, or be perceived to feel, hindered in
conducting thorough investigations. Given that a judicial manager is an
independent officer of the court, this is not a tenable position to take
without serious evidence (see s 89(4) of the IRDA and the High Court decision
of Re Halley’s Department Store Pte Ltd [1996] 1 SLR(R) 81 at [19]). In any
event, the allegation that Mr Deng may have engaged in any wrongful conduct
is, at this point, entirely speculative. In contrast, it is undeniable that Mr
Wu is actually involved in various legal disputes with the Company.

51 Finally, I do not consider it a satisfactory reason to reject the
appointment of Mr Tam on the basis that he is overqualified, as Metech
suggested. Again, returning to the text of the IRDA, ss 91(3)(a) and 91(3)(b)
merely require the nominee to be a licensed insolvency practitioner who is not
in a position of conflict of interest. There is no statutory limit on the
maximum level of qualification a nominee may have. This is for good reason. If
a nominee were to be rejected for being overqualified, experienced judicial
managers who possess the necessary skills and expertise would be passed over
for less experienced judicial managers. This is entirely contrary to the
judicial management regime, where judicial managers rely on their business
experience to achieve the objectives of the IRDA (see the High Court decision
of Re HTL International Holdings Pte Ltd [2021] 5 SLR 586 at [40]).

Conclusion

52 For the reasons above, I allow the Company’s application for a JM Order and
appoint Mr Tam as the judicial manager. In closing, I thank Mr Zhulkarnain bin
Abdul Rahim, who appeared for the Company, and Mr Yam, for their very helpful
submissions, which were ably and reasonably advanced.

53 Unless the parties are able to agree on the appropriate costs order, they
are to write in with their submissions, limited to seven pages each, within 14
days of this decision.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Low Chai Chong, Zhulkarnain bin Abdul Rahim, Sean Chen Siang En, Cheong Wei
Wen John and Shermaine Lim Jia Qi (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
applicant;  
Yam Wern-Jhien and Lee Jin Loong (Setia Law LLC) for the non-party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 10 Jan 2024 (17:25 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

