Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 31

Originating Application No 831 of 2022

Between

Pharma Inc (Wordwide) Pte Ltd

… Appellant

And

Limb Salvage and Revision Arthroplasty

Surgery Pte Ltd

… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

Civil Procedure — Extension of time

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pharma Inc (Wordwide) Pte Ltd

  
v

  
Limb Salvage

and Revision Arthroplasty Surgery Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 31

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 831 of 2022  
Hri Kumar Nair J  
1 February 2023

13 February 2023

Hri Kumar Nair J:

1 This is an application for an extension of time to file a notice of appeal
against the decision of the learned District Judge (“DJ”), Mr Vince Gui Chuan
Cheng, made on 25 October 2022. Following a three-day trial, the learned DJ
awarded judgment and costs against the applicant, which had defended the
claim, and dismissed the applicant’s counterclaim (Case No.: DC/DC 1144/2019).

2 It is undisputed that the time for filing the appeal expired on 8 November
2022. The applicant tried to file its notice of appeal that day, but it was
rejected as the required security for the appeal was not furnished. The
applicant then tried to file its notice of appeal with the requisite security
on 9 November 2022, but it was again rejected as the deadline for appealing
had passed. On 10 November 2022, the applicant filed an application in the
State Courts for leave to appeal out of time, which was later withdrawn as the
application ought to have been filed in High Court.

3 The applicant filed this application on 8 December 2022 on the basis that it
had breached the deadline for filing its notice of appeal by only one day. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ho See Peng’s affidavit filed in support of this application dated 8 December
2022 (the “Affidavit”) at para 11.

4 It is trite that in considering whether to allow an extension of time to
appeal, the following factors are taken into account (Hau Khee Wee and another
v Chua Kian Tong and another [1985-1986] SLR(R) 1075 at [14]; Pearson Judith
Rosemary v Chen Chien Wen Edwin [1991] 2 SLR(R) 260 at [15] and [17]):

(a) the length of the delay;

(b) the reasons for the delay;

(c) the chances of the appeal succeeding if time for appealing is extended;
and

(d) the degree of prejudice to the would-be respondent if the application is
granted.

5 I dismissed the application for the reasons below.

No reasons were given for the delay

6 This was not a simple delay of just one day. It was compounded by the
applicant’s mistake of applying for an extension of time in the State Courts
notwithstanding that it should have been filed in the High Court, given that
the time for appeal had lapsed (O 55D r 14 of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev
Ed)). This is not a new rule and the legal position is clear (Tjo Kwe In v
Chia Song Kwan [2002] 2 SLR(R) 560 at [8]). No explanation was given as to why
the application was wrongly brought. Further, although the applicant was
alerted to this error at a hearing in the State Courts on 1 December 2022,
this application was only filed on 8 December 2022. No explanation was offered
for this delay either. As a consequence, a proper application for an extension
of time to appeal was only filed one month after the deadline.

7 I also find that insufficient reasons have been given for the delay. In the
Affidavit, the applicant’s director and substantial shareholder, Ho See Peng
(“Mr Ho”) admitted that he was informed of the 14-day deadline to file the
appeal and was aware that it expired on 8 November 2022. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

The Affidavit at para 5.

He stated that his attempt to file the notice of appeal on 8 November 2022 had
failed because the funds needed to provide security for the costs of appeal
would only be available the next day. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

The Affidavit at para 9.

However, Mr Ho gave no explanation for why the funds could not have been
secured by 8 November 2022. Furthermore, if the applicant was aware that it
would not be able to obtain funds within time, it should have filed an
application with the State Courts for an extension of time before the
deadline; this was not done and the omission was not explained. As noted above
at [6], there was also no explanation for the application being brought
wrongly in the State Courts.

The appeal is hopeless

8 In assessing whether to grant leave for a notice of appeal to be filed out
of time, the court also considers the prospects of the applicant succeeding on
appeal. The court adopts a very low threshold in this merits assessment: the
test is whether the appeal is “hopeless” (ARW v Comptroller of Income Tax and
another and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 499 at [76]).

9 As a preliminary observation, I note that the applicant did not make any
closing submissions at the trial below. It therefore offered no arguments to
the learned DJ as to how the evidence, and the parties’ respective claims,
should be evaluated. The applicant claimed this failure was due to a
disagreement with its (then) solicitors over legal fees. No particulars were
proffered, and, in any event, that is not a good explanation. The applicant
could have applied for time to instruct new solicitors or to prepare closing
submissions on its own. In fact, the applicant did apply for and was granted
an extension of time until 23 September 2022 to file its closing submissions,
but eventually did not file any. For completeness, I do not agree with the
learned DJ that this, by itself, means that the applicant had abandoned its
defence. Nonetheless, this is a non-issue as the learned DJ ultimately decided
this case on its merits.

10 In order to assess whether the appeal is a hopeless one, I first set out
the facts agreed between the parties or found by the learned DJ, and a summary
of the applicant’s case. This provides the background against which
applicant’s submissions in this application should be considered.

The trial below

11 The respondent’s claim against the applicant was to recover a sum of
$160,500 it had paid the applicant to purchase two Diamagnetic Device CTU-Mega
18 (“CTU-18”) machines.

12 The following facts are undisputed or were found by the learned DJ:

(a) There was an agreement (the “Agreement”) between the parties for the
respondent to purchase two CTU-18 machines from the applicant;

(b) The applicant issued an invoice dated 26 October 2016 and the respondent
paid $160,500, which was equivalent to the purchase price for one unit of the
CTU-18 machine; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at paras 6 and 7; Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No. 1) (“D&CC”) at para 5; Court Transcript (19 July 2022) p 56
line 16.

(c) On or around 4 July 2017, the parties agreed that they would proceed with
the purchase and delivery of one CTU-18 machine. The moneys paid thereby
constituted the full purchase price for the one unit;

(d) The applicant did not place an order for the CTU-18 machine with the
supplier, Bio-Pharmaceuticals Sdn Bhd (the “Malaysian supplier”), and did not
pay the Malaysian supplier any moneys. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 15; Court Transcript (19 July 2022) p 96 line 32.

(An analysis of the evidence shows that the applicant failed to do so
notwithstanding Mr Ho’s representations to the respondent (i) that it had paid
a deposit to the Malaysian supplier; 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Court Transcript (19 July 2022) p 71 lines 26 and 31, p 108 line 15.

(ii) that it had placed an order for the CTU-18 machine with the Malaysian
supplier; and (iii) that the CTU-18 machine would be delivered soon); 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Saminathan Suresh Nathan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Nathan’s AEIC”) at
paras 14–16; Court Transcript (22 June 2022) p 16 lines 28–31; Court
Transcript (19 July 2022) p 64 line 5, p 67 lines 23, p 68 line 3; Ho See
Peng’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Ho’s AEIC”) at paras 29, 33; D&CC at
para 10(f).

(e) The applicant did not, in fact, have any CTU-18 machines for delivery; and

(f) On 21 August 2017, the respondent treated the applicant’s conduct as a
repudiatory breach and cancelled the Agreement. The respondent demanded the
refund of the moneys paid, which the applicant failed to pay. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at paras 17 and 18; D&CC at para 22.

13 The applicant’s pleaded defence was that the Agreement was varied at a
board meeting on 27 March 2017 between the parties’ representatives, Mr Ho and
Mr Saminathan Suresh Nathan (“Mr Nathan”) of the respondent. The varied
Agreement was for the applicant to supply a different model, a CTU-20 machine,
to be purchased directly from TSEM Med Swiss SA, a manufacturer in Italy (the
“Italian supplier”). (The CTU-20 machine is a newer model of the CTU-18
machine, and they share substantially the same functions.) This was because
the applicant claimed to have discovered that the CTU-18 machines from the
Malaysian distributor were defective. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

D&CC at para 10(g).

The applicant further claimed that the delivery of the CTU-20 machines was
subject to approval by the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”), 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

D&CC at paras 4A and 11A(c).

which approval was only obtained on 20 March 2019. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

D&CC at para 11A(g).

Accordingly, the applicant asserts that the respondent had no basis to
terminate the varied Agreement for the applicant’s failure to deliver the
CTU-18 machine; instead, it was the respondent which was in breach and this
formed the basis of the applicant’s counterclaim.

The applicant’s submissions on the issue of merits

14 The Affidavit deals with the issue of merits in only two paragraphs, both
of which merely outline general allegations and are woefully inadequate to
explain how the learned DJ was in error. At the hearing of this application,
the applicant relied, in the main, on the minutes of two meetings (the
“Minutes”) held on 27 March 2017 and 6 July 2027 attended by Mr Ho and Mr
Nathan, arguing that these constitute evidence of the alleged variation.

15 I note that the learned DJ made no specific findings of fact as to the
applicant’s case on the variation of the Agreement. Nonetheless, based on the
applicant’s own pleadings and concessions at trial, there are substantial
difficulties with its case. I explain these difficulties below: with reference
first, to the Minutes (since these are submitted as the primary basis for the
applicant’s contention that their appeal is not a hopeless one) and then, to
other difficulties with the applicant’s case.

16 First, the Minutes do not assist the applicant; instead, they contradict
the alleged variation pleaded by the applicant.

(1) Minutes of the meeting on 27 March 2017

17 While the minutes of the meeting held on 27 March 2017 (the “March Minute”)
do refer to an intention to purchase one CTU-20 machine, it reflected an
exploratory discussion. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Court Transcript (22 June 2022) p 38 lines 5–15, p 39 line 11, p 40 lines 25
and 28, p 94 lines 25; Court Transcript (19 July 2022) p 24 lines 28–31, p 25
line 2.

The March Minute expressly states that the cost of the CTU-20 machines was
unknown and the parties were considering a loan to purchase the same, the
details of which were not confirmed. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Nathan’s AEIC at paras 27 and 28.

While there was a reference to defects with the CTU-18 machine, this was an
issue which required a “deeper look” and there was no expressed intention,
much less an agreement, to abandon the purchase of the CTU-18 machines
entirely. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Court Transcript (19 July 2022) p 25 lines 4–6, p26 lines 3 and 4.

The March Minute was thus not evidence of an agreement to cancel the purchase
of the CTU-18 machines and/or to replace it with the CTU-20 machines.

18 On this same point, the applicant’s own pleadings and subsequent events
contradict the applicant’s case that the Agreement had been varied on 27 March
2017. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

The Affidavit at para 6; D&CC at para 10(g).

The applicant’s pleaded case is that notwithstanding the meeting on 27 March
2017, the specific model of machines to be purchased had yet to be confirmed.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

D&CC at para 11(h).

It also pleaded a conversation on 24 June 2017 during which Mr Ho informed Mr
Nathan that obtaining a CTU-18 machine would be faster than obtaining a CTU-20
machine, and the latter would require the further signing of contracts and
raising of a bankers’ guarantee 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

D&CC at para 11(h); Ho’s AEIC at para 53(b).

. It is not disputed that no contracts were signed for the CTU-20 machines,
nor were guarantees procured. This suggests that there was no variation to the
Agreement on 27 March 2017 for the respondent to purchase two CTU-20 machines,
instead of the CTU-18 machine, from the applicant.

(2) Minutes of the meeting on 6 July 2017

19 At the outset, the applicant did not expressly plead that there was a
variation of the Agreement on 6 July 2017. In any event, the minutes of 6 July
2017 (the “July Minute”) helps the applicant even less.

20 The July Minute makes it clear, in the first line which reads “One unit of
CTU MEGA 18 Machine will be purchase [sic] from the Malaysian distributor”,
that the parties agreed to proceed with the purchase of one CTU-18 machine.
This contradicts the applicant’s pleaded variation. Indeed, Mr Ho and Ms Thea
Gonzales Caoile (“Ms Thea”), both witnesses for the applicant, gave evidence
at trial that, at this meeting, the parties had agreed that the respondent
would purchase one CTU-18 machine, to be obtained from the Malaysian supplier,
and that two CTU-20 machines would later be procured from the Italian
supplier. The July Minute expressly states that when the CTU-20 machines have
been received, the CTU-18 machine would be used for mobile road shows instead.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ho’s AEIC at para 58; Thea’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Thea’s AEIC”) at
para 8.

21 Further, at the trial below, Ms Thea, who was the secretary who recorded
the Minutes, testified that the discussion at this meeting was for another
company, Abdiel Physio Inc Pte Ltd (“Abdiel”), not the respondent, to purchase
the CTU-20 machines. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Court Transcript (26 July 2022) p 13 lines 14–28.

Mr Ho also testified that the two CTU-20 machines referred to in the July
Minute were to be acquired by Abdiel. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Court Transcript (22 June 2022) p 112 lines 12–20; p 119 lines 27–31.

This is inconsistent with the variation as pleaded and the case the applicant
intends to advance on appeal.

22 Second, the applicant’s pleaded variation is contradicted by Mr Ho’s
evidence given during cross-examination that the parties agreed on 4 July 2017
to proceed with the purchase of one CTU-18 machine. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

D&CC at para 11p; Court Transcript (19 July 2022) p 92 line 5.

23 Further, it is common ground between the parties that Mr Ho had informed Mr
Nathan on 25 July 2017 via a WhatsApp message that the CTU-18 machine had been
approved by HSA and would “be here in 10-14 days max…”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 16; Nathan’s AEIC at para 19p; D&CC at
para 17(a)(iii); Court Transcript (19 July 2022) p 99 line 30, p 100 line 14,
p 101 line 4; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 41.

This contradicts the applicant’s alleged variation, according to which it
would not by obliged to deliver a CTU-18 machine.

24 Third, other parts of the applicant’s pleadings contradict its case. The
applicant pleaded that on or after 24 June 2017, the parties agreed to proceed
with the purchase of one CTU-18 machine from the Malaysian supplier first
before obtaining a CTU-20 machine from the Italian supplier. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

D&CC at paras 11(i) and 11(j); Ho’s AEIC at para 53(d).

It also pleaded that when Mr Nathan asked for updates on 4 July 2017, Mr Ho
said that he was waiting for HSA approval before the machine that had been
ordered from the Malaysian supplier could be imported. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

D&CC at paras 11(m) and 17(a)(ii).

This could only be a reference to the CTU-18 machine, as the CTU-20 machine
was to be purchased directly from the Italian supplier. I note parenthetically
that Mr Ho’s representation here was untrue as he admitted at trial that he
did not have any evidence to show that he had ordered or otherwise taken steps
to get a CTU-18 machine from the Malaysian supplier, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Court Transcript (19 July 2022) p 69 line 28, p 96 line 32.

and did not pay them. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Court Transcript (19 July 2022) p 67 line 12, 16 and 18, p 96 line 32, p 97
line 30, p 98 line 2, p 102–104.

25 Fourth, the applicant did not respond to the respondent’s termination of
the Agreement and demand for a refund in August 2017 with any allegation that
the Agreement had been varied. This would have been the obvious response, and
its absence suggests that the allegation of a variation was an afterthought.

26 For completeness, there is no issue of the applicant not being able to
deliver the CTU-18 machine to the respondent because there was no HSA
approval. The applicant pleaded that it was waiting for HSA approval to import
CTU-20 machines and that approval was only obtained on 20 March 2019. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

D&CC at paras 17(b)–17(d).

It is not the applicant’s case that it could not deliver the CTU-18 machine
because it did not have the necessary HSA approval. Indeed, as stated above,
the applicant did not even place an order for the CTU-18 machine. I further
note the applicant’s pleading that Mr Ho had informed Mr Nathan that the
CTU-18 machine had received HSA approval. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

D&CC at para 17(a)(iii); Court Transcript (19 July 2022) p 99 line 30.

27 The applicant’s counsel, Mr Joseph, conceded at the hearing that the above
matters demonstrated that the evidence did not support a variation of the
Agreement as pleaded and that the prospect of a successful appeal was slim. In
response, he pointed to various portions of the cross-examination of Mr Nathan
but conceded that these did not support a variation either. Mr Joseph
eventually accepted that there was no clear evidence to support that the
Agreement was varied as pleaded by the applicant, and that there was instead
an agreement for the respondent’s purchase of at least one CTU-18 machine.

28 Finally, the trial turned on factual disputes and the learned DJ was in the
best position to assess the credibility of the witnesses. The applicant was
unable to show how the learned DJ was clearly wrong or mistaken in his
assessment of the evidence. Indeed, for the reasons given above, the
undisputed facts, pleadings, documents and evidence given at trial support the
learned DJ’s findings.

29 In the circumstances, even if the respondent had agreed to purchase one
CTU-18 machine first and two CTU-20 machines thereafter (which is not even the
applicant’s case), the applicant’s failure to order or deliver the CTU-18
machine was a repudiatory breach, which the respondent was entitled to rely on
to terminate the Agreement. There was therefore ample basis for the learned DJ
to find in favour of the respondent. I find that the prospects of an appeal to
be hopeless.

Prejudice to the respondent

30 It is not the respondent’s position that it would suffer prejudice if the
application was granted. I note that the principal sum of the judgment has
been satisfied by way of the guarantee which the applicant was ordered to
furnish in obtaining leave to defend. All that is outstanding is the unpaid
interests and costs.

31 Nonetheless, given my findings above, the issue of prejudice, or lack
thereof, is not significant. Even if the delay is considered short, the
hopelessness of an appeal compels that this matter should not progress
further.

Conclusion

32 I therefore dismissed the application with costs in favour of the
respondent fixed at $4,300, inclusive of disbursements.

Hri Kumar Nair

Judge of the High Court

James Joseph s/o J Joseph (Prestige Legal LLP) for the appellant;  
Yap Neng Boo Jimmy (Jimmy Yap & Co) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 13 Feb 2023 (11:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

