Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 137

Originating Application No 72 of 2023

Between

| Han Li Ying, Kirsten  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Attorney-General  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Administrative Law — Remedies — Quashing order]

[Administrative Law — Remedies — Mandatory order]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Offences affecting administration of
justice]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Public Prosecutor — Powers]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — First information report]

[Contempt of Court — Criminal contempt]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Han Li Ying Kirsten

  
v

  

Attorney-General

[2023] SGHC 137

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 72 of 2023  
Kwek Mean Luck J  
10 April 2023

12 May 2023 Judgment reserved.

Kwek Mean Luck J:

Introduction

1 Originating Application No 72 of 2023 (“OA 72”) is an application by Ms Han
Li Ying, Kirsten (“Ms Han”) for permission pursuant to O 24 r 5 of the Rules
of Court 2021 (“ROC”) to apply for (the “Prayers”): 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Originating Application 72 of 2023 filed on 26 January 2023 (“Originating
Application”).

(a) a quashing order to quash the conditional warning administered by Deputy
Superintendent Seet Hui Li (“DSP Seet”) dated 21 October 2022 in respect of
police report number F/20221018/2089 (the “Warning”) (“Quashing Order”);

(b) a declaration that the Singapore Police Force (the “SPF” or the “Police”)
had no power to compel Ms Han’s physical attendance in order to issue her the
Warning (the “Declaration”); and

(c) a mandatory order for Ms Han to be furnished with the First Information
Report (“FIR”) in respect of the Warning (“Mandatory Order”).

2 In relation to Prayer (a) above, Ms Han is effectively applying for
permission to commence judicial review of the Warning. This requires a
consideration of, amongst other things, whether the Warning is susceptible to
judicial review, per the first requirement set out in Gobi a/l Avedian and
another v Attorney-General and another appeal [2020] 2 SLR 883 (“Gobi a/l
Avedian”) at [44]. If the Warning does not have any legal effect, it is not
susceptible to judicial review. After careful consideration of the parties’
submissions, I found that the Warning does not have legal effect. Accordingly,
it is not susceptible to judicial review. I hence dismiss Prayer (a).

3 Prayer (b), which is ancillary to Prayer (a), is also necessarily dismissed.
In any event, I find that Prayer (b) would also be dismissed for lack of locus
standi, as Ms Han was not in fact compelled to physically attend and there is
no “real controversy” for the court to resolve: see Tan Eng Hong v Attorney-
General [2012] 4 SLR 476 (“Tan Eng Hong”) at [72(b)] reproducing the second
requirement in the test set out in Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy
Trading Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 (“Karaha Bodas”).

4 Finally, I dismiss Prayer (c) on the basis that there is no FIR in respect
of the Warning. Consequently, Ms Han’s OA, comprising of the three Prayers
contained therein, is dismissed.

Facts

Background to the dispute

5 On 10 May 2022, Ms Han published a Facebook post (the “FB Post”) stating: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Han Li Ying, Kirsten’s Affidavit dated 26 January 2023 (“Han’s Affidavit”) at
p 15.

Such staggering cost orders against lawyers who were merely trying to fight
for their clients [sic] lives (literal, not figurative) are acts of
intimidation that deter other lawyers from taking on late-stage death row
cases.

…

When we create a climate of fear that deters lawyers from representing death
row prisoners, we create an ever more brittle system in which it will become
even more likely that wrongful executions and miscarriages of justice will
occur.

6 The Attorney-General’s Chambers (the “AGC”) found that Ms Han’s FB Post
amounted to contempt of court under s 3(1)(a) of the Administration of Justice
(Protection) Act 2016 (2020 Rev Ed) (“AOJPA”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Han’s Affidavit at p 30.

Notwithstanding, the AGC decided to issue Ms Han a conditional warning in lieu
of prosecution. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Respondent’s Submissions dated 3 April 2023 (“Respondent’s Submissions”) at
para 2; Seet Hui Li’s Affidavit dated 10 February 2023 (“Seet’s Affidavit”) at
para 7.

The AGC informed the SPF on 14 July 2022 of its decision and requested the
SPF’s assistance to convey the conditional warning to Ms Han. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 2; Seet’s Affidavit at para 7.

7 After the SPF processed the AGC’s request, DSP Seet contacted Ms Han via
phone call on 11 October 2022. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Seet’s Affidavit at para 8.

DSP Seet requested Ms Han to meet her at the Ang Mo Kio Police Division
Headquarters (“AMK Div HQ”) the following week, in relation to the FB Post. In
response to queries from Ms Han, DSP Seet explained that more details would be
provided during the in-person meeting. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Seet’s Affidavit at para 9.

During a second phone call on the same day, Ms Han agreed to meet DSP Seet at
AMK Div HQ on 21 October 2022. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Seet’s Affidavit at para 9; Han’s Affidavit at para 9.

8 Three days later, on 14 October 2022, Ms Han called DSP Seet to request a
written letter stating that she was required to present herself at the police
station. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Seet’s Affidavit at para 10; Han’s Affidavit at para 10.

DSP Seet informed Ms Han that there was no need for a letter as, under police
power, there was no need for a letter for her to come down to the police
station. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Seet’s Affidavit at para 10; Applicant’s Submissions at para 6.

DSP Seet explained that she meant that the Police could request Ms Han to come
down to the police station without the issuance of the letter. She was not
suggesting that the Police could compel Ms Han to attend at a police station
in the absence of a written order. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Seet’s Affidavit at para 11.

Notwithstanding, DSP Seet acceded to Ms Han’s request and sent her via email a
letter dated 19 October 2022 referring to their phone conversation on 14
October 2022 regarding the Police’s request for Ms Han’s attendance at AMK Div
HQ on 21 October 2022 in relation to the FB Post. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Seet’s Affidavit at para 12 and p 22; Han’s Affidavit at para 13 and p 21.

9 Ms Han went to AMK Div HQ on 21 October 2022. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Seet’s Affidavit at para 15; Han’s Affidavit at para 16.

During their meeting, DSP Seet handed Ms Han the Warning. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Seet’s Affidavit at para 15; Han’s Affidavit at para 16.

The Warning was issued on the SPF letterhead and signed by DSP Seet. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Seet’s Affidavit at pp 28-29; Han’s Affidavit at pp 30-31.

10 Ms Han asked whether she could challenge the Warning and which part of the
FB Post constituted the contempt of court. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Seet’s Affidavit at para 16; Han’s Affidavit at paras 17-18.

DSP Seet informed Ms Han that she could seek legal advice and send any
enquiries to the Police, who would then convey them to the AGC. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Seet’s Affidavit at para 16; Han’s Affidavit at para 17.

11 Later that evening, Ms Han applied online for a copy of the FIR. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicant’s Submissions dated 3 April 2023 (“Applicant’s Submissions”) at para
12; Han’s Affidavit at para 19.

She followed up on this request via emails to DSP Seet on 2 November 2022 and
7 November 2022. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 12; Seet’s Affidavit at pp 34-36.

In her 7 November 2022 email, Ms Han stated she would commence legal
proceedings if she did not receive the FIR by 5pm on 10 November 2022. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Seet’s Affidavit at pp 34-35.

The SPF did not respond to her application for a FIR by this deadline. On 11
November 2022, Ms Han filed an originating application for permission to
commence judicial review in Originating Application No 765 of 2022 (“OA 765”).
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Han’s Affidavit at para 20; Originating Application No 765 of 2022 filed 11
November 2022.

The SPF informed Ms Han via email on 14 November 2022 that they were unable to
supply her with the documents she had requested. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Han’s Affidavit at p 36.

12 In relation to OA 765 and Ms Han’s request for the FIR, the AGC sent a
letter to Ms Han’s lawyers on 11 January 2023 stating that no FIR had been
filed with the police in connection with the Warning. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Han’s Affidavit at pp 38-39.

Ms Han’s lawyers wrote to the AGC requesting elaboration on this point. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Han’s Affidavit at p 40.

The AGC replied stating: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Han’s Affidavit at p 41.

[t]here was no First Information Report (‘FIR’) filed in connection with the
conditional warning issued to your client. As stated at paragraph 2 of the
conditional warning, the Attorney-General’s Chambers (‘AGC’) had decided to
issue the conditional warning in lieu of instituting proceedings against your
client for contempt of court. The Singapore Police Force’s (‘SPF’) role was to
convey AGC’s conditional warning to your client. For this purpose, SPF created
the case reference number ‘F/20221018/2089’ on 18 October 2022 for its
internal administrative records. This reference number was in turn cited as
‘Report No: F/20221018/2089’ in the conditional warning. We trust that the
foregoing makes clear that there is no basis for your client to bring a claim
for production of a non-existent FIR.

13 Ms Han applied to court and was granted leave on 13 January 2023 to
withdraw OA 765 and file a new application. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Minute Sheet for the hearing on 13 January 2023 in relation to HC/OA 765/2022.

This new application, the present OA 72, was filed on 26 January 2023. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Originating Application.

Issues to be determined

14 Of the three orders which Ms Han seeks permission to apply for, the
Quashing Order and Mandatory Order are, effectively, applications for
permission to commence judicial review. A party who wishes to commence
judicial review must first apply for leave pursuant to O 24 r 5(1) of the ROC
in accordance with the procedure set out in O 24 r 5(3) of the ROC.
Additionally, these prayers require a consideration of whether the three
requirements set out by the Court of Appeal in Gobi a/l Avedian at [44] are
established (the “Requirements”):

(a) the subject matter of the complaint has to be susceptible to judicial
review;

(b) the applicant has to have a sufficient interest in the matter; and

(c) the materials before the court have to disclose an arguable or prima facie
case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought by the
applicant.

As emphasised by the court in Gobi a/l Avedian, the leave requirement for
judicial review is intended to filter out groundless or hopeless cases at an
early stage, to prevent the waste of judicial time and protect public bodies
from harassment.

15 Ms Han also seeks permission to apply for a declaration that the SPF had no
power to compel her physical attendance in order to issue the Warning and for
a mandatory order that the FIR in relation to the Warning be furnished to Ms
Han.

16 Although the requirements to be established for Ms Han’s prayers for leave
to apply for the Quashing Order and Mandatory Order are the same, they relate
to different actions. Both Prayers (a) and (b) relating to the Quashing Order
and the Mandatory Order, respectively, require a consideration of the
Requirements in relation to the Warning. However, on the facts, Prayer (b)
raises the preliminary issue of whether there was a FIR in respect of the
Warning. As for the Declaration, the question of whether the SPF did compel
her attendance to issue her the Warning arises. I will hence address Ms Han’s
Prayers in turn.

Prayer 1: Quashing Order to quash the Warning

17 The Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) empowers
the High Court to issue a quashing order pursuant to para 1 of the First
Schedule to the SCJA.

18 In relation to Ms Han’s prayer for leave to apply for the Quashing Order,
all three Requirements set out in Gobi a/l Avedian are disputed. The following
three issues therefore arise:

(a) whether the Warning is susceptible to judicial review;

(b) whether Ms Han has a sufficient interest in the matter; and

(c) whether the materials before the court disclose an arguable or prima facie
case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought by Ms
Han.

Whether the Warning is susceptible to judicial review

19 Relying on Wham Kwok Han Jolovan v Attorney-General [2016] 1 SLR 1370
(“Jolovan Wham”), the Attorney-General (the “AG”) submits that the Warning
does not have legal effect and thus is not susceptible to judicial review. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 4, 21-22(a).

20 In Jolovan Wham, the applicant sought leave to commence judicial review
proceedings to quash a warning administered to him. The court held at [25]
that (citing, in part, Comptroller of Income Tax v ACC [2010] 2 SLR 1189
(“ACC”) at [21]):

… ‘a quashing order will only lie against decisions which have some form of
actual or ostensible legal effect, whether direct or indirect’. A decision has
legal effect when it is capable of altering the legal rights, interests or
liabilities of the individual. …

[emphasis added]

21 The court in Jolovan Wham then went on to hold at [33]–[34] that:

33 … a warning is not binding on its recipient such that it affects his legal
rights, interests or liabilities. It is, as its name suggests, nothing more
than a warning, ie, a communication to its recipient that if he were to
subsequently engage in conduct prohibited by a particular statutory provision,
or any criminal conduct for that matter, leniency may not be shown to him and
he may be prosecuted for it. … It also adopts language such as ‘in lieu of
prosecution’ and ‘the same leniency may not be shown towards you’ which
suggests that the relevant authority is of the view that the recipient has
committed an offence and that he could have been charged for it.

34 However, in my view the warning is still no more than an expression of the
opinion of the relevant authority that the recipient has committed an offence.
It does not bind the recipient. It does not and cannot amount to a legally
binding pronouncement of guilt or finding of fact. …

[emphasis added]

22 The AG also relies on GCO v Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR 1402 (“GCO”) for
the proposition that conditional warnings do not have legal effect. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 22(b).

There, the court found at [70]-[71] that the holding in Jolovan Wham at [33]
and [34] applies equally to stern warnings and conditional stern warnings, and
that a conditional stern warning cannot bind the alleged offender because it
is only an expression of the authority’s opinion coupled with a statement of
intent. Both cases were considered by the Court of Appeal in Teo Seng Tiong v
Public Prosecutor [2021] 2 SLR 642 at [82]–[87]. There, the Court of Appeal
affirmed at [88] that both cases established that stern warnings, whether
conditional or not, have no legal effect. -

23 Ms Han accepts that Jolovan Wham and GCO held that the part of a warning
that states that the recipient committed an offence is an expression of
opinion that is not legally binding. She also accepts that the AG is not bound
to consider prior warnings in deciding whether to prosecute for new and
separate conduct.

24 However, Ms Han submits that when the court in Jolovan Wham held at [37]
that the AG is not bound to consider whether a prior warning has been given
before deciding whether to prosecute, the court there did not consider whether
the AG is bound in relation to the conduct that is the subject of a warning.
She submits that the court did not consider the full extent of the warning. In
particular, the element of assurance in the warning in Jolovan Wham as the
phrase “in lieu of prosecution” in the warning in Jolovan Wham was considered
by the court at [33] together with the phrase “the same leniency may not be
shown towards you”. She submits that the AGC’s decision here to issue the
Warning instead of initiating criminal proceedings amounts to an assurance not
to prosecute for the conduct that is the subject of a stern or conditional
warning, if she complies with the conditions set out in the Warning (ie, to
remain crime-free for 12 months). This assurance is reinforced at Note 1 of
the Warning, which states “… a decision has been taken not to prosecute you in
court for the offence(s).” Based on this, Ms Han submits that the Public
Prosecutor is estopped from initiating legal proceedings against her for that
conduct if she complies with the condition. Therefore, the Warning affects Ms
Han’s legal rights and is susceptible to judicial review.

25 In my view, this submission misconstrues a warning for an assurance, both
in terms of the nature of a stern warning, conditional or otherwise, and also
in terms of the language of the Warning here.

26 The court in Jolovan Wham at [33]-[34] and GCO at [70]-[71] had examined
the nature of a warning. Further, the court in Jolovan Wham had, in doing so,
set out the material terms of the warning at [9] and explicitly recognised at
[33] that the warning included the phrase “in lieu of prosecution”, which Ms
Han relies on as an assurance. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Minute Sheet for the hearing on 10 April 2023 in relation to HC/OA 72/2023
("Minute Sheet”) at p 7.

I am therefore unable to agree with Ms Han that the court in Jolovan Wham did
not fully consider the elements of a warning in that case.

27 I agree with the analysis in Jolovan Wham and GCO on the nature of a
warning and summarise below the characteristics of a warning that were
identified therein:

(a) A warning is not binding on its recipient such that it affects his or her
legal rights, interests, or liabilities.

(b) As its name suggests, a “warning” is nothing more than a communication to
the recipient that if he or she were to subsequently engage in conduct
prohibited by a particular statutory provision, or any criminal conduct for
that matter, leniency may not be shown to him or her and he or she may be
prosecuted for it.

(c) A warning is no more than an expression of the opinion of the relevant
authority that the recipient has committed an offence. It does not bind the
recipient. A conditional stern warning is no more than an expression of
opinion coupled with a statement of intent.

(d) A warning does not and cannot amount to a legally binding pronouncement of
guilt or finding of fact.

(e) Both stern warnings and conditional stern warnings do not have legal
effect.

28 As can be seen from the above, there is nothing in the characteristics of a
warning that involves an assurance that there would not be any prosecution for
past conduct. Indeed, the very nature of a warning is to focus on warning the
recipient not to commit any misconduct in the future rather than to provide
assurance against prosecution of past misconduct.

29 There is also nothing in the language of the Warning that makes the
assurance to Ms Han that she would not be prosecuted for the conduct of the
Warning, if she remains crime-free for 12 months. The Warning states:

1\. We refer to the Facebook post published on 10 May 2022 on your Facebook
account under the name “Kirsten Han”. The post amounts to contempt of court
under s 3(1)(a) of the AOJPA.

2\. Having taken into account the circumstances of the case, the Attorney-
General’s Chambers has decided that you should be issued a 12-month
conditional warning in lieu of instituting proceedings against you for
contempt of court. You are warned to refrain from any criminal conduct for a
period of 12 months from the date stated on this warning (“crime-free
period”).

3\. If you commit any offence(s) within this crime-free period, you may be
prosecuted for the offence(s) you commit during this crime-free period and
proceedings may be commenced against you for the contempt of court referred to
at paragraph 1.” [sic]

[emphasis in original]

30 Paragraph 2 of the Warning emphasises that the AGC has decided that Ms Han
should be issued a 12-month conditional stern warning in lieu of instituting
proceedings against her for contempt of court. This simply conveys AGC’s
decision to proceed with a warning instead of instituting proceedings. That
does not extend to AGC making an assurance to Ms Han that it would not
prosecute her for the conduct that is the subject of the Warning, if she
remains crime-free for 12 months.

31 Ms Han submits that the assurance is reinforced by Note 1 of the Warning:

1\. This conditional warning is issued to you because while an assessment that
you have committed the offence(s) listed in paragraph 1 has been made, a
decision has been taken not to prosecute you in court for the offence(s).

However, this part of the Note merely states that a decision has been taken
not to prosecute her in court for the offence. There is no assurance made that
the AGC would not revisit that decision subsequently, for example, if further
information about that misconduct came to the AGC’s attention.

32 Moreover, in so far as Ms Han accepts that the Notes to the Warning are
relevant by relying on Note 1 of the Warning, there is a corresponding need to
also consider Note 2(d) of the Warning:

2\. This conditional warning:

…

(d) does not affect any of your legal rights, interests, or liabilities.

[emphasis added]

The Note hence explicitly reiterates that the conditional warning does not
affect any of Ms Han’s legal rights, interests, or liabilities. In other
words, the Warning expressly states that it does not affect any of Ms Han’s
legal rights or interests of Ms Han.

33 Furthermore, the foreign authorities which Ms Han cite do not support her
submission that the Warning is susceptible to judicial review.

34 In the Malaysian case of Harun bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2009] 3
MLJ 337 (“Harun”), the court found that the prosecution had not made any
assurances not to prosecute. On the contrary, the court found at [12] that the
prosecution did not state that whatever the outcome of the appeal of the first
case, the matter under appeal would not be proceeded with. The court
subsequently expressed at [19] that if there was a declaration or promise made
by the prosecution not to prosecute, that could be binding. Hence, this case
does not assist with the question here of whether there was an assurance in
the Warning against prosecution of Ms Han for her past misconduct.

35 In the English cases of R v Croydon Justices, ex parte Dean [1993] QB 769
(“Croydon”) and R v Bloomfield 1 Cr App R 135 (“Bloomfield”), the prosecution
had made assurances that it would not prosecute. In Croydon, the suspect was
invited by the police to provide evidence as a prosecution witness and assured
that, if he did so, he would not be prosecuted. In Bloomfield, the counsel for
the Crown indicated to the defence counsel “in the clearest of terms" that the
prosecution wished to offer no evidence against the defendant, as it accepted
that the defendant was the victim of a set up. The prosecution also conveyed
to the court that it would be offering no evidence against the defendant. The
English Court of Appeal in R v Abu Hamza [2007] 2 WLR 226 (“Abu Hamza”) noted
at [54] that these representations were “unequivocal assurances” from the
prosecution that the defendant would not be prosecuted.

36 Ms Han also seeks to rely on Abu Hamza for the proposition that it could be
an abuse of process to prosecute someone who relied on an unequivocal
assurance that no prosecution would be brought against that person, especially
if the person relied on that assurance and acted to their detriment. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 22.

However, as with the cases of Croydon and Bloomfield, Abu Hamza was decided on
the basis that there had been assurances given by the prosecution that no
prosecution would be brought. The English authorities cited hence do not
assist in the question of whether the Warning here contains an assurance not
to prosecute Ms Han.

37 Moreover, the decision in Abu Hamza undermines Ms Han’s submission. The
English Court of Appeal in Abu Hamza stated at [50], affirming the dicta of
the judge below:

As the judge held, circumstances can exist where it will be an abuse of
process to prosecute a man for conduct in respect of which he has been given
an assurance that no prosecution will be brought. … The judge expressed
reservations as to the extent to which one can apply the common law principle
of ‘legitimate expectation’ in this field, and we share those reservations.
That principle usually applies to the expectation generated in respect of the
exercise of an administrative discretion by or on behalf of the person whose
duty it is to exercise that discretion. The duty to prosecute offenders cannot
be treated as an administrative discretion, for it is usually in the public
interest that those who are reasonably suspected of criminal conduct should be
brought to trial. Only in rare circumstances will it be offensive to justice
to give effect to this public interest.

[emphasis added]

38 Such rare circumstances can arise “if police, who are carrying out a
criminal investigation, give an unequivocal assurance that a suspect will not
be prosecuted and the suspect, in reliance upon that undertaking, acts to his
detriment”: Abu Hamza at [51]. Following its examination of the English
authorities, including Croydon and Bloomfield, the court in Abu Hamza found at
[54] that the English authorities suggest that:

… it is not likely to constitute an abuse of process to proceed with a
prosecution unless (i) there has been an unequivocal representation by those
with the conduct of the investigation or prosecution of a case that the
defendant will not be prosecuted and (ii) that the defendant has acted on that
representation to his detriment. Even then, if facts come to light which were
not known when the representation was made, these may justify proceeding with
the prosecution despite the representation.

[emphasis added]

39 Here, Ms Han seeks to rely on an assurance that she would not be
prosecuted, which she alleges was given indirectly in the Warning, to
establish that the Warning had legal effect. Even taking her case at its
highest, there is no evidence in the present case of an “unequivocal
representation” from the prosecution, which Abu Hamza, that Ms Han relies on,
requires.

40 In summary, in my view, the Warning does not have any form of legal effect.
The Warning does not contain an assurance not to prosecute, much less any such
unequivocal assurance. Note 2(d) of the Warning also expressly states that it
does not affect Ms Han’s legal rights or interests. I thus find that the
Warning is not capable of altering Ms Han’s legal rights, interests and
liabilities. In other words, the Warning does not contain a decision for the
court to quash. In light of this finding in relation to the first Requirement
to obtain leave for judicial review (ie, susceptibility to judicial review),
the other issues relating to the other two Requirements set out in Gobi a/l
Avedian do not arise. This was accepted by Ms Han’s counsel at the hearing. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Minute Sheet at p 4.

41 I thus dismiss Prayer (a) for permission to apply for a Quashing Order.

Prayer 2: Declaration that the SPF has no power to compel physical attendance

42 Ms Han also seeks permission to apply for a Declaration that the SPF had no
power to compel the Applicant’s physical attendance at AMK Div HQ to issue her
the AGC’s conditional warning. During the hearing, Ms Han submitted that this
prayer was ancillary to the Quashing Order and accepted that if the Quashing
Order did not meet the requirements for permission to be granted, then the
issue of the Declaration does not arise. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Minute Sheet at p 4.

Consequently, as I have denied the application for permission to apply for the
Quashing Order, no permission for the Declaration is granted.

43 In any event, Ms Han has also not met the requirement that there must be a
“real controversy” between the parties. One of the requirements to obtain
leave for judicial review is that the applicant must have sufficient interest
in the matter, or what has been termed “locus standi”. One of the elements
that must be met for an applicant to possess locus standi is that there must
be a “real controversy” between the parties to the action for the court to
resolve: Tan Eng Hong at [72(b)] referencing Karaha Bodas at [19]. The court
in Tan Eng Hong explained at [132] that:

[t]he need for the existence of a real controversy between the parties to an
action stems from the function of the courts to adjudicate on and determine
disputes between parties. Without a lis, the courts may find themselves being
called on to give advisory opinions on abstract, hypothetical and/or academic
questions instead of deciding on real disputes. …

[emphasis added]

44 However, it is clear that on the facts of this case, there is no “real
controversy” for the court to resolve in relation to the declaratory relief
sought, as the SPF did not compel Ms Han’s physical attendance at the AMK Div
HQ to receive the Warning.

45 Ms Han has not pointed to any communication from the SPF compelling her
physical attendance. Also, she did not tell DSP Seet that she would not
physically attend unless it was mandatory under the law. Indeed, in Ms Han’s
email of 19 October 2022, Ms Han expressed that she was aware that physical
attendance was not mandated. She said, “there is no ongoing investigation
being conducted, the proposed appointment is not required under any powers of
the Criminal Procedure Code, and [her] attendance is neither required nor
compulsory”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Han’s Affidavit at para 14 and Tab 5.

46 During the hearing, Ms Han submitted that she felt compelled to attend the
police station because of the power imbalance between herself and DSP Seet. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Minute Sheet at pp 4 and 10; Applicant’s Submissions at para 47.

It was not the SPF’s position that her attendance was compulsory under the law
and Ms Han conceded that her position was not that she was compelled by law to
physically attend. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Minute Sheet at pp 4 and 10.

This concession highlights that there is “no real controversy” in relation to
the declaratory relief sought.

47 In summary, Ms Han is not entitled to declaratory relief given that this
application is ancillary to her dismissed application for permission to apply
for a Quashing Order. In any event, there is also no “real controversy” in the
present case to be resolved by a grant of declaratory relief. I hence dismiss
the application for the Declaration.

Prayer 3: Mandatory order to provide the FIR

48 Ms Han’s third prayer is for permission to apply for a Mandatory Order that
she be furnished with the FIR in respect of the Warning. In summary, she
submits that the definition of FIRs in the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020
Rev Ed) (the “CPC”) does not only include first information received by the
Police. She submits that the first information received by the AGC or the
AGC’s initial communication to the Police also constitutes the FIR and seeks
to be provided with such.

49 Ms Han submits that while s 14(1) of the CPC describes FIRs as “information
… first received at a police station about an offence”, this description is
not exhaustive.

50 Ms Han submits that other forms of FIRs, such as complaints made to the
Magistrate, are recognised in law. She relies on the Malaysian case of Husdi v
Public Prosecutor [1979] 2 MLJ 304 (“Husdi”) where the court observed at p
184: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 53.

… a first information need not necessarily be to the police. It can be made to
the Magistrate, who in most cases would refer it to the police for
investigation. Magistrate Courts do supply copy of the first information
(which is called [a] complaint) on request as a matter of course. I cannot see
why a first information should be treated any different when made to the
police.

51 In response, the AG submitted that this observation merely states that FIRs
made to Magistrates may be treated the same as FIRs made to the police. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Minute Sheet at p 11.

This was not the case here as there was no FIR made to a Magistrate. Further,
the AG highlighted that this observation was obiter as Husdi concerned police
statements, not FIRs. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Minute Sheet at p 11.

52 I find that Husdi does not assist Ms Han’s case. Husdi does not stand for
the general proposition that any initial report made in relation to an
offence, even if not made to the Police, can constitute a FIR under the CPC.
There is nothing in Husdi that states this. What the Malaysian court did hold
there, at p 185, was that it found no statutory provision which gives a right
to inspect a police statement. Notably, where the court in Husdi made an
observation about FIRs, it was made in relation to Magistrates, and even then,
in obiter.

53 More importantly, taking into consideration the definition and explanation
of FIR in the CPC, it is clear that what Ms Han submits as qualifying as a FIR
is not what the CPC describes as a FIR, nor were they used in the manner
contemplated by the CPC for FIRs.

54  “FIR” is described in s 14 of the CPC as “information [that] is first
received at a police station about an offence” and recorded by the “recording
officer”, namely the officer in charge of a police station or any other police
officer whose duty includes receiving reports relating to the commission of
any offence. As explained in The Criminal Procedure Code of Singapore -
Annotations and Commentary (Jennifer Marie (editor-in-chief) and Mohamed
Faizal Mohamed Abdul Kadir (general editor) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at para
04.006, the “primary raison d’être of a first information report is to serve
as notice to the police of the possible commission of a cognisable offence so
as to set the wheels of investigation in motion”. Under s 16 of the CPC, where
the information filed or recorded relates to a non-arrestable offence, the
case must be investigated by a police officer; the informant must be referred
to a Magistrate; or the case must be referred for mediation. Under s 17 of the
CPC, where the police officer has reason to suspect that an arrestable offence
has been committed at any place, the Police must, amongst other things, go as
soon as practicable to the place to investigate.

55 The Warning issued here relates to an instance of contempt of court under s
3(1)(a) of the AOJPA. Section 22(1)(b) of the AOJPA states where that where
the AG has reasonable grounds to suspect that contempt of court has been
committed, and that it is in the public interest to do so, the AG may by order
in writing authorise a police officer to investigate the alleged contempt as
if it were an arrestable offence. It is the AG’s position that, in this case,
he decided not to order the police to investigate but to instead issue a
warning.

56 Viewed in light of the aforementioned statutory provisions in the CPC and
the AOJPA, it is clear that the evidence here discloses no FIR in respect of
the Warning. The first information received by the AGC (if any) is not a FIR.
It is not information that is first received at a police station, as defined
by s 14 of the CPC. The initial communication from the AGC to the Police
requesting that the Police to convey the AGC’s warning to Ms Han is also not a
FIR. Given that it was a request for the Police to convey AGC’s warning, it
could not be said to “serve as notice to the police of the possible commission
of a cognisable offence so as to set the wheels of investigation in motion”.
This is reinforced by the AG’s decision not to authorise the Police to
investigate the alleged contempt by an order in writing, per s 22(1)(b) of the
AOJPA.

57 I find that, on the facts of this case, there is no FIR in respect of the
Warning. There is hence no FIR that could be the subject of a Mandatory Order.
Hence, the application for permission to commence judicial review for the
mandatory order for Ms Han to be furnished with the FIR in respect of the
Warning is misconceived, and dismissed.

Alternative prayer: Mandatory order to backdate the Warning

58 In her written submissions, Ms Han seeks, in the alternative, for
permission to apply for a mandatory order for the Warning to be backdated to
14 July 2022, or any other appropriate date, and for the “crime-free period”
set out in the Warning to be backdated to this date. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Applicant’s Submissions at paras 2, 48 – 51.

In view of my finding that the Warning is not justiciable, the issue of
whether the Warning should be backdated does not arise. For completeness, I
observe that Ms Han’s submission for a mandatory order to backdate the Warning
also fails on the basis that she did not include this alternative prayer in
her pleadings.

59 As stated in Ho Soo Tong and others v Ho Soo Fong and others [2023] SGHC 90
at [43], “[i]t is trite law that parties are bound by their pleadings, and the
court is precluded from deciding on matters that have not been put into issue
by the parties” (referencing V Nithia (co-administratix of the estate of
Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another
[2015] 5 SLR 1422 at [38] and OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd [2012] 4
SLR 231 at [21]).

60 Ms Han had only raised this alternative prayer in her written submissions.
During the hearing, the AG submitted that the court should not consider this
alternative prayer which would, in effect, be an amendment of Ms Han’s
pleadings, without complying with the requirements set out in the ROC. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Minute Sheet at p 11.

In response, Ms Han accepted that she could have applied to amend the
pleadings but did not do so due to costs concerns. Ms Han further submitted
that it is within the court’s power to make an order even where it was not
pleaded by the parties where such an order would be meritorious. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Minute Sheet at p 13.

61 Order 9 rule 14(1) read with (7) of the ROC empowers the court to allow
parties to an originating application to amend their pleadings. Generally,
such amendment is either by application to the court for leave to amend or by
written agreement between the parties. In exceptional circumstances, such as
that in Tan Keaw Chong v Chua Tiong Guan and another [2010] 2 SLR 374, the
court may make an order on an unpleaded claim without an amendment of
pleadings. There, the first defendant was dead and unable to provide
instructions on an amendment. Further, the court found that, on the facts, an
amendment of pleadings would have merely been a formality.

62 I do not find exceptional circumstances on the present facts. In the
absence of any application or agreement for the amendment of Ms Han’s
pleadings pursuant to O 9 r 14 of the ROC, there is no basis to consider her
alternative prayer for a mandatory order to backdate the Warning.

Conclusion

63 For the reasons above, I dismiss OA 72. Parties are to file their
submissions on costs within seven days of this Judgment.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Too Xing Ji (BMS Law LLC) for the applicant;

Sivakumar s/o Ramasamy and Dan Pan Xue Wen (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 May 2023 (09:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

