Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 257

Suit No 520 of 2014

Between

(1)(2)| Lim Seong Ong (formerly known as Lim Jing Jie)Lim Thiam Chai  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Panshore Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Suit No 1182 of 2020

Between

| Lim Thiam Chai  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Ng Joo Kheong  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Tort — Inducement of breach of contract — Premises provided to company’s
counterparty under joint venture agreement occupied by other companies —
Whether director knew company’s counterparty was contractually entitled to
whole of premises]

[Tort — Inducement of breach of contract — Loan money disbursed to director
misappropriated — Whether fellow director knew the loan was to the company]

[Contract — Breach — Whether obligation to provide loan subject to condition
precedent]

[Tort — Misrepresentation — Fraud and deceit — Amount of company’s debts
understated — Whether director liable for fellow director’s misrepresentation]

[Contract — Breach — Identification of parties to the contract — Whether
consideration was intended to be nominal or substantial]

[Tort — Causing loss by unlawful means — Shareholder claiming for loss caused
to company — Whether shareholder was proper plaintiff to sue for company’s
loss]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Seong Ong and another

  
v

  

Panshore Engineering Pte Ltd and another suit

[2023] SGHC 257

General Division of the High Court — Suits Nos 520 of 2014 and 1182 of 2020  
Andre Maniam J  
14, 16–17, 21 March, 20 June 2023

13 September 2023 Judgment reserved.

Andre Maniam J:

Introduction

1 The claims in this matter stem from a joint venture between two companies:
Panshore Engineering Pte Ltd (“Panshore”) and Asia Link Marine Industries Pte
Ltd (“Asia Link”). Asia Link was wound up on 1 March 2013 and thereafter
Panshore brought claims against Mr Lim Seong Ong (“Kenny”) and his brother Mr
Lim Thiam Chai (“Roland”), who were Asia Link’s directors and shareholders
when the joint venture was entered into. In turn, Roland brought claims
against one Mr Ng Joo Kheong (“Mr Ng”) who was a third director of Asia Link
for around a year in the course of the joint venture.

2 Many of the claims involve issues as to directors’ liabilities to third
parties, for their conduct as directors.

Background

3 Kenny and Roland were the first to initiate court proceedings. Kenny (in S
520/2014 (“Suit 520”)) and Roland (in S 521/2014 (“Suit 521”)) each claimed
$765,000 from Panshore on the basis that Panshore had agreed to buy a 51%
interest in Asia Link, ie, 765,000 shares from each of them, for $1 per share.
Panshore’s position was that each transfer of 765,000 shares from Kenny and
Roland, was for only nominal consideration of $1 per transfer. Panshore also
brought a counterclaim against Kenny and Roland.

4 Suits 520 and 521 were consolidated, and the proceedings continued as Suit
520. Roland then discontinued his claim against Panshore, and the Official
Assignee on behalf of Kenny (who had been made bankrupt) did likewise for
Kenny’s claim. Panshore discontinued its counterclaim against Kenny in view of
his bankruptcy, and Panshore’s counterclaim against Roland proceeded to trial.

5 In HC/S 1182/2020 (“Suit 1182”), Roland sued Mr Ng, a director of Asia Link
from 6 July 2011 until July 2012. Suit 1182 was tried immediately after Suit
520.

Claims

Panshore’s counterclaim in Suit 520

6 By its counterclaim, Panshore sought the following primary relief:

(a) declarations and related orders regarding the transfers of Kenny’s and
Roland’s shares (counterclaim relief prayers (1), (1A) and (1B));

(b) damages for breach of contract (counterclaim relief prayer (2));

(c) further or alternatively, damages for misrepresentation (counterclaim
relief prayer (3));

(d) further or alternatively, damages for Panshore’s loss of investment to be
assessed (counterclaim relief prayer (4));

(e) further or alternatively, damages for misrepresentation pursuant to s 2 of
the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) (counterclaim relief prayer
(5)); and

(f) alternatively, damages to be assessed (counterclaim relief prayer (6)).

7 Following the discontinuance of Kenny’s and Roland’s claims, however, it
appears that Panshore no longer pursues its claims for declaratory and related
orders regarding the transfers of shares. From the issues listed in Panshore’s
closing submissions (at para 36), Panshore still pursues the following claims:

(a) Roland’s inducement of Asia Link’s breach of the 1 March 2011 joint
venture agreement (“JVA”) by allowing Kenny’s and his related companies to
continue operating on Asia Link’s premises;

(b) Roland’s inducement of Asia Link’s breach of an oral loan agreement in or
around May 2011 pursuant to which Panshore lent Asia Link $400,000, by Roland
failing to ensure that the moneys were utilised for the repayment of Asia
Link’s debts;

(c) Roland’s breach of his contractual obligations under a 7 September 2011
agreement with Panshore by failing to ensure the repayment to Asia Link of the
$400,000 loan which was misappropriated by Kenny; and

(d) Roland fraudulently misrepresenting to Panshore that Asia Link’s debts
only amounted to around $2 million, when in fact those debts amounted to
around $4.5 million.

8 By consent, it was ordered that the hearing of Suit 520 be bifurcated, with
the trial on liability to be heard separately from, and prior to, the hearing
of an assessment of damages (if any). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Consent order made on 28 July 2017 on HC/SUM 3430/2017.

For Suit 520, this judgment thus deals only with the issues of liability in
relation to Panshore’s counterclaim against Roland.

Roland’s claim against Mr Ng in Suit 1182

9 Roland seeks from Mr Ng the sum of $765,000 for his 765,000 shares that were
transferred to Panshore, and further, damages to be assessed. Roland does not
seek to undo the transfer; what he seeks is payment from Mr Ng.

10 Roland claims:

(a) that Mr Ng owes him $765,000 for his transferred shares;

(b) that Mr Ng caused him loss by unlawful means, in that Mr Ng (as a director
of Asia Link) neglected Asia’s Link’s business, and deliberately engaged in
conduct that negatively impacted Asia Link’s financial situation – which
caused loss to Roland and Kenny as shareholders of Asia Link; and

(c) that Mr Ng conspired with others to defraud Roland.

Findings on Panshore’s counterclaim in Suit 520

Inducing breach of the 1 March 2011 JVA

11 It is common ground that Panshore and Asia Link entered into a joint
venture on the terms of the 1 March 2011 JVA. Panshore says that the JVA was
updated on 1 April 2011; Roland disputes that, and says that the purported 1
April 2011 amendment was added later, and backdated. For present purposes,
nothing turns on that amendment.

12 The 1 March 2011 JVA 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Kang’s AEIC, Tab 20.

is a one-page document between Panshore and Asia Link. Clause 1 states that
“Panshore and Asia Link will enter into a Project Joint Venture for marine
offshore engineering work to be carried out at the premises, yard and
waterfront at No. 17 Tuas Crescent, Singapore 638711 (“the Premises”)”. By
clause 2, Asia Link agreed to “provide the use of the Premises, cranes,
forklift and all other facilities on the Premises, and electricity on the
Premises up to S$6,000.00 per month”. By clause 3, Panshore agreed to “provide
project management by bringing marine offshore engineering work to be carried
out at the Premises, and be responsible for managing such work and projects”.
Clause 9 provided that “[a]fter accounting for all costs and expenses, the
nett profits for each project completed on the Premises will be shared 50/50
between Panshore and Asia Link.”

13 The 1 March 2011 JVA was negotiated on behalf of Asia Link by Kenny as Asia
Link’s managing director. It does not appear that Roland was involved in that
regard. The updated 1 April 2011 JVA 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Kang’s AEIC, Tab 21.

was signed on behalf of Asia Link by Kenny.

14 Panshore’s case was that from the inception of the joint venture, Asia Link
was in breach of contract in that Asia Link was supposed to provide Panshore
with the use of the whole of the Premises, but Asia Link never did. Panshore
did not get to use the whole of the Premises, for the Premises were partially
occupied by certain other companies that Kenny, Roland, or their family
members, had interests in.

15 Roland contends that the JVA never obliged Asia Link to provide Panshore
with the use of the whole of the Premises, but only such part of the Premises
as was then unoccupied by the other companies.

16 Panshore claims that Roland induced Asia Link’s breach of contract, in that
Roland took no steps to get the other companies to vacate the Premises.

17 The elements of the tort of inducing breach of contract were set out as
follows by the Court of Appeal in Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan
Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 at [16]–[18]:

16 …To knowingly procure or induce a third party to break his contract to the
damage of the other contracting party without reasonable justification or
excuse forms the basis of the tort of inducing a breach of contract.

17 An act of inducement per se is not by itself actionable. The plaintiff must
satisfy a two-fold requirement in order to found a sustainable cause of
action: first, he must show that the procurer acted with the requisite
knowledge of the existence of the contract (although knowledge of the precise
terms is not necessary); and second, that the procurer intended to interfere
with its performance. Intention in this case is to be determined objectively.
It is not sufficient that the resulting breach of contract was a mere natural
consequence of the defendant’s conduct. In addition, the contract in question
must also be shown to be a valid one…

18 The relevant mental state is thus that of intention: the defendant must
intend to interfere with the plaintiff’s contractual rights, in the sense of
doing so knowingly. Malice or spite in the form of a personal animus against
the defendants or an illegitimate motive however is not required. It is
sufficient if the defendant knows of the existence of the contract or turns a
blind eye to its existence or is reckless as to the consequence of his actions
in the sense of being indifferent whether or not a breach happens…It is not
necessary that the defendant should have been aiming to hurt or injure the
plaintiff although some deliberate conduct on the defendant’s part is normally
required to ground liability. Mere negligent invasions of contractual rights
however are not actionable….

[emphasis in original]

18 Where, as here, the claim is that a director of a company induced the
company’s breach of contract, the plaintiff must additionally satisfy the
requirements in PT Sandipala Arthaputra and others v STMicroelectronics Asia
Pacific Pte Ltd and others [2018] 1 SLR 818 (“Sandipala”) at [50], [53], [62],
and [65]:

50 The question before this court, as we alluded to at the beginning of the
judgment, is when a director should be held personally liable for the
consequences arising from his company’s breach of a contract, to which only
the company, and not he himself, is party. A company often acts through its
directors, who in turn may decide that it is sometimes in the company’s
interest for it to breach its contract and compensate the other contracting
party rather than continuing to perform. To hold that a director may be liable
for taking such a decision, notwithstanding that he is acting in the company’s
best interests and is not himself a party to the contract, is not only unduly
onerous on the director but also effectively penalises the company when the
director refrains from directing a breach of contract for fear of personal
liability even though it may be in the best interests of the company to do so.
The limits to such personal liability must therefore be clearly demarcated,
and it is in this context that we evaluate the present law.

…

53 … in relation to all the above causes of action, the courts have accepted
that a director is immune from personal liability if he falls within the
application of the principle in Said v Butt ([4] supra) which provides that
when a director acts bona fide within the scope of his authority, he is immune
from tortious liability for procuring his company’s breach of contract…

…

62 … In our judgment, the Said v Butt principle should be interpreted to
exempt directors from personal liability for the contractual breaches of their
company (whether through the tort of inducement of breach of contract or
unlawful means conspiracy) if their acts, in their capacity as directors, are
not in themselves in breach of any fiduciary or other personal legal duties
owed to the company.

…

65 … a director would ordinarily be immune from tortious liability for
authorising or procuring his company’s breach of contract in his capacity as a
director, unless his decision is made in breach of any of his personal legal
duties to the company. In our judgment, the principle operates as a
requirement of liability and not a defence; in other words, the onus is on the
plaintiff to prove that the defendant-directors’ acts were in breach of their
personal legal duties to the company. Such breach may be a breach of a
fiduciary duty to act in the best interests of the company, or it may be a
breach of his contractual duty towards the company to act within the scope of
his authority as granted by the company…

[emphasis added]

19 I accept Roland’s evidence that he believed that under the JVA, Asia Link
was not obliged to provide Panshore with the use of the whole of the Premises,
but only such part as was then unoccupied by the other companies. It follows
that in not taking steps to get the other companies to vacate the Premises,
Roland was not intending to interfere with Panshore’s contractual rights under
the JVA: he did not think Panshore had a right to use the whole of the
Premises. If the JVA did oblige Asia Link to provide Panshore with the use of
the whole of the Premises, Asia Link would be in breach of contract, and
Roland’s belief would be incorrect, but he would still not be liable for
inducing breach of contract because the relevant mental state would be absent.

20 Roland does not need to rely on the principle in Sandipala, for the
elements of the tort of inducing breach of contract are not made out in the
first place.

21 I find Roland’s evidence believable in the circumstances:

(a) at the time the JVA was entered into, the other companies were already
occupying part of the Premises, but after the JVA his brother Kenny (who had
negotiated and entered into the JVA) took no steps to get the other companies
to vacate the Premises;

(b) Panshore’s case is that from the time of the 1 March 2011 JVA, Asia Link
was in breach in not providing Panshore with the use of the whole of the
Premises, but when the JVA was updated, dated 1 April 2011, and signed by
Kenny, Panshore did not take the opportunity to spell out in the updated
document that it was to get the use of the whole of the Premises;

(c) when the 7 September 2011 agreement was entered into between Panshore,
Kenny, and Roland, Panshore did not take the opportunity to spell out in that
document that it was to get the use of the whole of the Premises;

(d) there is no evidence that Panshore sent anything in writing to assert that
Asia Link was in breach of the JVA; Panshore’s Mr Kang Wak Chia (“Mr Kang”)
says that he did ask for more space, and that he asked Roland on multiple
occasions when the other companies were moving out of the Premises 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE 14 March 2023 page 55 at lines 7 – 16; see also Mr Kang’s AEIC, paras 56 –
58.

but that is not inconsistent with Roland’s belief that Asia Link was not
contractually obliged to provide Panshore with the use of the whole of the
Premises; and

(e) Panshore became the majority shareholder of Asia Link in July 2011 when a
51% shareholding in Asia Link was transferred to Panshore, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Ng’s AEIC, para 63 and exhibit at page 48 of “NJK-1”.

but there is no evidence that Panshore thereafter – as majority shareholder –
took any steps to get Asia Link to require the other companies to leave the
premises, such as by Panshore convening an Asia Link shareholders’ meeting to
pass a resolution to that end.

22 In finding that Roland is not liable for inducing breach of contract, I am
not making a finding that Asia Link was not in breach of the JVA in not
providing Panshore with the use of the whole of the Premises. I leave that to
be resolved between Panshore and Asia Link’s liquidator, in Asia Link’s
liquidation.

Inducing breach of the May 2011 loan agreement

23 Unlike the JVA which was in writing, the loan agreement was an oral
agreement. Like the JVA, it was Kenny, not Roland, who negotiated and entered
into the loan agreement.

24 The $400,000 which Panshore loaned was disbursed by a cheque issued in the
name of Kenny, rather than in the name of Asia Link. Panshore says this was
done at Kenny’s request, for Kenny represented that Asia Link’s bank account
was garnished by creditors. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Panshore’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), para 5(aa); Mr Kang’s
AEIC, para 67.

Kenny signed an IOU 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Kang’s AEIC, Tab 26.

dated 9 June 2011 saying, “I confirm and acknowledge that I have received the
total amount of Singapore dollars Four Hundred Thousand Only (S$400,000.00)
from Panshore Engineering Pte Ltd being a loan, repayable on demand, with or
without interest and or on any other terms to be determined.”

25 Panshore says the loan was made to Asia Link, and the money was to be used
to pay Asia Link’s creditors; however, Kenny did not use the money to pay Asia
Link’s creditors, as he admitted to Panshore. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Panshore’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), paras 5(z), (cc), (dd);
Mr Kang’s AEIC, paras 90 – 91.

26 Roland says he believed the loan was a personal loan from Panshore to
Kenny, rather than a loan from Panshore to Asia Link.

27 Panshore claims that Roland induced Asia Link’s breach of the loan
agreement – Panshore submits that Roland knew that Kenny had misappropriated
the loan for his personal benefit, yet wilfully turned a blind eye to Kenny’s
misconduct. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Panshore’s closing submissions, paras 75, 80.

Panshore does not expressly say what Roland did (or failed to do) which
amounts to him inducing Asia Link to breach of the loan agreement –
presumably, Panshore’s contention is that Roland should have done something to
get Kenny to use the $400,000 that Panshore had paid Kenny, to pay Asia Link’s
creditors.

28 I accept Roland’s evidence that he believed the $400,000 loan was a
personal loan from Panshore to Kenny, rather than a loan from Panshore to Asia
Link. It follows that Roland is not liable for inducing Asia Link’s breach of
the loan agreement, for he did not even think there was a Panshore – Asia Link
loan agreement to begin with.

29 I find Roland’s evidence believable in the circumstances:

(a) unlike the JVA, which was in a written document naming Asia Link as a
party, the loan agreement was orally agreed between Kenny and Panshore’s
representatives;

(b) the IOU which Kenny signed, did not refer to Asia Link – Kenny simply
confirmed and acknowledged that he had received $400,000 from Panshore being a
loan, repayable on demand;

(c) Panshore did not seek to prove that Asia Link’s account was garnished by
creditors, and Roland says that in fact this had not happened 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Roland’s closing submissions, para 50.

– this supposed garnishment is the reason Panshore says Kenny requested that
payment be made to Kenny directly – this does not mean that Kenny did not
represent that to Panshore, but to Roland’s mind there was no impediment to
Panshore paying the money to Asia Link if in fact it were a loan from Panshore
to Asia Link;

(d) not only was the loan agreement oral (in contrast with the written JVA
between Panshore and Asia Link), there is no evidence of Panshore writing to
Asia Link to assert that Asia Link had breached the oral loan agreement by not
using the $400,000 (that Panshore had paid to Kenny) to pay its creditors; and

(e) there is no evidence that Panshore – as Asia Link’s majority shareholder
from July 2011 – took any steps to compel Kenny to use the $400,000 that
Panshore had paid him, to pay Asia Link’s creditors.

30 Panshore did enter into the 7 September 2011 agreement with Kenny and
Roland, and Panshore says that that was meant to achieve the objective of
getting $400,000 to Asia Link for Asia Link to pay its creditors. I will
address this below. Panshore also relies on the 7 September 2011 agreement to
submit that Roland knew that the May 2011 loan agreement was an agreement
between Panshore and Asia Link. I will examine that contention when I deal
with Panshore’s claim in relation to the 7 September 2011 agreement. For the
present claim, however, whatever Roland might have gathered from the 7
September 2011 agreement that he signed, it does not follow that prior to the
7 September 2011 agreement he knew that $400,000 was lent by Panshore to Asia
Link (rather than by Panshore to Kenny).

31 As with the earlier claim, Roland does not need to rely on the principle in
Sandipala, for the elements of the tort of inducing breach of contract are not
made out in the first place. I am also not making a finding that the $400,000
was in fact a loan to Asia Link and not to Kenny personally. I leave that to
be resolved between Panshore and Asia Link’s liquidator, in Asia Link’s
liquidation.

Breach of the 7 September 2011 agreement

32 The 7 September 2011 agreement is another one-page document. It is
described as an agreement made between Panshore, Roland, and Kenny. It recites
that Panshore had entered into a JVA on 1 March 2011 with Asia Link, that both
Roland and Kenny are directors and shareholders of Asia Link, and that the 7
September 2011 agreement was made in order to facilitate the implementation of
the JVA. However, although Asia Link was mentioned in that preamble, and in
various clauses of the agreement, Asia Link was not described as a party to
the agreement. Instead, the agreement appears to be a shareholders’ agreement
between the three shareholders of Asia Link (Panshore, Roland, and Kenny)
regarding the affairs of Asia Link.

33 Panshore is claiming against Roland for breach of his own contractual
obligation(s) under the 7 September 2011 agreement, and it is not material to
that whether Asia Link is regarded as a party to the agreement.

34 Clause 1 of the agreement stipulated that Panshore would provide a loan of
$1 million to Asia Link to be disbursed in three tranches: a first tranche of
$400,000 and two subsequent tranches of $300,000 each. The first tranche of
$400,000 was said to have been “[a]lready disbursed on 9th June 2011”.

35 Panshore says that Roland would have known from that (if he had not already
known) that the $400,000 paid by Panshore to Kenny on 9 June 2011 was a loan
from Panshore to Asia Link pursuant to the May 2011 loan agreement. I do not
reach that conclusion. Clause 1 of the 7 September 2011 agreement might simply
mean that Panshore, Roland, and Kenny agreed that the $400,000 paid by
Panshore to Kenny would be treated henceforth as a loan from Panshore to Asia
Link, whether or not it was such a loan at the time the money was paid in June
2011. This does not contradict Roland’s belief that when the money was lent,
it was a personal loan from Panshore to Kenny.

36 In any event, Panshore says that the return of the $400,000 (paid to Kenny)
to Asia Link to pay its creditors, was meant to be achieved by another clause
in the 7 September 2011 agreement, namely clause 2. Clause 2 stipulated that
Roland and Kenny would provide a loan of $400,000 to Asia Link to be disbursed
in two instalments of $200,000 each, “[s]uch loan to be repayable on demand,
with or without interest, and or on any other terms to be determined”. Clause
3 then stipulated that Asia Link would undertake to utilise and apply the loan
for the repayment of the company’s trade debts.

37 Mr Kang explains that Panshore “inked the 7 September 2011 Agreement
primarily because we wanted to ensure that Kenny repaid to Asia Link the
amount of $400,000 that he had misappropriated”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Kang’s AEIC, para 97.

Panshore submits: “Roland had breached his obligations under the 7 September
2011 Agreement. Roland was obliged under the said agreement to ensure the
repayment of the $400,000 loan disbursed on 9 June 2011 to Asia Link but
failed to do so.” 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Panshore’s closing submissions, para 82.

38 It is strange to use the mechanism of a fresh loan (from Roland and Kenny
to Asia Link) to get Asia Link the $400,000 that Panshore had paid to Kenny.
This would involve Asia Link borrowing $400,000 twice over – first from
Panshore, and then from Roland and Kenny – whilst only receiving $400,000 to
use. Be that as it may, Panshore says that that is what the obligation on
Roland and Kenny to lend Asia Link $400,000 was meant to achieve.

39 It follows from what Panshore says, that after the 7 September 2011
agreement was entered into, it was not expecting Roland to pay two sums of
$400,000 to Asia Link, but only one sum of $400,000 – by way of a loan from
Kenny and Roland pursuant to clause 2 of the 7 September 2011 agreement. Put
another way, although Panshore brought claims against Roland for inducing
breach of the May 2011 loan agreement, and for his own breach of the 7
September 2011 agreement, following the 7 September 2011 agreement Panshore
was looking to clause 3 of the 7 September 2011 agreement (rather than the May
2011 loan agreement) to get Kenny and Roland to provide Asia Link with
$400,000 in funds.

40 In the event, after the 7 September 2011 agreement Kenny and Roland did not
lend Asia Link $400,000, or any sum. Roland’s defence to Panshore’s claim for
breach of contract, is that the 7 September 2011 agreement was subject to a
condition precedent of Panshore producing the joint venture accounts. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No 3), para 26.7.

Nothing in the 7 September 2011 agreement says that it (or any aspect of it)
is subject to such a condition precedent, and I find that Roland failed to
prove that the 7 September 2011 agreement (or his obligations under it) were
subject to such a condition precedent. Indeed, the terms of the 7 September
2011 agreement go against the existence of such a condition precedent – the
monies lent, or to be lent, by Panshore, Kenny and Roland, were meant to be
used to repay Asia Link’s trade debts (comprising judgment debts, money for
legal cases, and trade creditors), per clause 3; and under clauses 5 and 6
respectively, Panshore, and Kenny and Roland, undertook that if Asia Link so
required, they would provide further loans to Asia Link “for the resolution of
its current liabilities”. The 7 September 2011 agreement was about providing
Asia Link with money to pay debts that it already had, ie, current
liabilities; and it does not appear from the debts listed that they were
incurred by Asia Link in relation to the joint venture. The 7 September 2011
agreement was not about providing Asia Link with money to meet liabilities
that had arisen from the joint venture, or future liabilities that might arise
from the joint venture, it was about providing Asia Link with money to meet
its own current liabilities. It makes no sense to subject Asia Link’s receipt
of money to meet its own current liabilities, to a condition precedent of
Panshore first producing the joint venture accounts. The 7 September 2011
agreement was not subject to any such condition precedent.

41 It follows that Panshore succeeds in its claim that Roland breached the 7
September 2011 agreement by not lending Asia Link $400,000 as Roland had
contracted to per clause 2 of the agreement.

42 As the matter has been bifurcated, the assessment of what damage (if any)
Panshore has suffered because of Roland’s breach in not lending Asia Link
$400,000, will take place at a later stage.

Fraudulent misrepresentation

43 Panshore pleaded that at all material times, Kenny was the managing
director and alter ego of Asia Link 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Panshore’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), para 3A.

and that Kenny, acting on Asia Link’s behalf, fraudulently misrepresented the
size of the debts and liabilities of Asia Link and, in so doing, induced
Panshore to enter into the joint venture with Asia Link. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Panshore’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), para 3A(1).

Thus pleaded, the misrepresentations as to the extent of Asia Link’s debts and
liabilities were first made prior to the 1 March 2011 JVA, for Panshore says
that it entered into the JVA in reliance on those representations. Further,
Panshore said that the misrepresentations were made by Kenny on behalf of Asia
Link, and further that Kenny was the managing director and alter ego of Asia
Link. There was no mention of Roland in that context.

44 However, Panshore went on to plead in its counterclaim that Kenny (on
behalf of himself, Roland, and Asia Link) fraudulently represented to Panshore
that “[t]he total liabilities of Asia Link in or around 1 March 2011 was at
the most S$2.2 million”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Panshore’s Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4), para 17.

Panshore then repeated what it had pleaded in its defence, but that did not
attribute to Roland the misrepresentations made by Kenny as to the extent of
Asia Link’s debts and liabilities in or around 1 March 2011.

45 Mr Kang seeks to link Panshore’s misrepresentation claim with the 7
September 2011 agreement – he says that one of Panshore’s objectives behind
the 7 September 2011 agreement, was that Panshore “wanted it recorded that
Kenny represented to us from the start and at the series of meetings in late
2011 that Asia Link’s debts only amounted to approximately $2 million.” 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Kang’s AEIC, para 97.

He does not however mention Roland in that regard.

46 Clause 3 of the 7 September 2011 agreement stated that Asia Link would
undertake to utilise and apply the loan for the repayment of the company’s
trade debts in a particular order. The sums listed amount to $2,306,951.89,
but in the context that appears to be a current figure as at the date of the
agreement (7 September 2011) or thereabouts, rather than a historical figure
as at 1 March 2011 – which is what Panshore’s pleaded misrepresentation claim
is about. Moreover, Panshore’s complaint is that Kenny had represented that
the total liabilities of Asia Link in or around 1 March 2011 were at the most
$2.2 million, whereas the figure of $2,306,951.89 stated in clause 3 of the 7
September 2011 agreement exceeds that, and notes 1 and 2 to clause 3 mention
further indebtedness of Asia Link in relation to Orion Logistics Pte Ltd, fees
and charges by lawyers, and an amount in respect of a “Yip Holdings case”.
What was stated in clause 3 of the 7 September 2011 agreement was not the
misrepresentation that Panshore had based its pleaded claim on.

47 In any event, I find that Panshore has failed to prove that any
misrepresentations made by Kenny as to the extent of Asia Link’s debts and
liabilities, were made on behalf of Roland. Kenny would be personally liable
for any fraudulent misrepresentation to Panshore, as would Asia Link in so far
as Kenny was acting in a representative capacity as Asia Link’s managing
director. It does not, however, follow that just because Roland was also a
director and shareholder of Asia Link, or because Roland was also a party to
the 7 September 2011 agreement, that whatever Kenny said about Asia Link’s
debts and liabilities was said on behalf of Roland.

48 Further, I accept Roland’s evidence that he left it to Kenny, as Asia
Link’s managing director, to run Asia Link, while Roland focused on running
another business – Chia Hock Trading Co Pte Ltd – that the two of them were
also shareholders and directors of. Moreover, Asia Link’s accounts had not
been audited for some years. I do not believe that Roland knew that Kenny had
understated the extent of Asia Link’s debts and liabilities.

49 I thus find that Panshore’s claim against Roland for fraudulent
misrepresentation fails.

Findings on Roland’s claim against Mr Ng in Suit 1182

Roland’s claim for $765,000 for his shares that were transferred to Panshore

50 Roland initially claimed from Panshore $765,000 for his 765,000 shares that
were transferred to Panshore. On 19 May 2014, he sued Panshore for that sum in
Suit 521, as Kenny had done in Suit 520. Those two suits were then
consolidated, and continued as Suit 520.

51 However, Roland, and the Official Assignee on behalf of Kenny, then
withdrew their respective claims against Panshore for payment for the
transferred shares. Instead, Roland commenced Suit 1182 against Mr Ng,
claiming that Mr Ng owed him the same sum of $765,000 for Roland’s 765,000
shares that were transferred to Panshore.

52 While the civil proceedings were pending, Kenny was convicted and sentenced
to 22 months’ imprisonment for (among other things):

(a) fraudulently using as genuine a forged share transfer form for the
transfer of 765,000 shares from him to Panshore, by filing it in Suit 520;

(b) intentionally giving false evidence in Suit 520 by stating that Panshore
had agreed to buy 765,000 of his shares for $765,000; and

(c) intentionally giving false evidence in Suit 520 by stating that Asia
Link’s corporate secretary had made a typographical error of stating the
consideration for the 765,000 shares as $1 in the share transfer form. (Public
Prosecutor v Lim Seong Ong [2021] SGDC 114)

53 Kenny’s appeal to the High Court against conviction and sentence in HC/MA
9053/2021 was dismissed. The judge noted that Kenny ultimately accepted that
the consideration for his shares was not $765,000 (but nominal), and that
substantial consideration for Kenny’s shares would go against the grain of the
transaction between Panshore and Kenny.

54 Roland, however, maintains that he was supposed to receive $765,000 for his
765,000 shares that were transferred to Panshore, except that he now claims
payment from Mr Ng rather than from Panshore as he had originally done (as had
Kenny).

55 Roland’s pleaded case is that his 765,000 shares were sold to Mr Ng (rather
than to Panshore) for $765,000, and so Mr Ng owed him the sale price of
$765,000. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Roland’s Statement of Claim in Suit 1182, para 6.

56 Roland’s evidence, however, contradicted his pleaded case. He said in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that “[s]ometime towards the mid of
2011, I was asked to signed [sic] some documents and told that we are required
to transfer 51% shares over to Panshore because Keppel will be more
comfortable to award projects to majority stakeholder of premise instead of
just rag a tag set up”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Roland’s AEIC in Suit 1182, para 10.

Roland said, his perception was that it was a fair deal. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Roland’s AEIC in Suit 1182, para 11.

He further stated “[t]hat the Defendant [ie, Mr Ng] led me to believed [sic]
that my shares in Asia Link…were being transferred to Panshore for par value
when in fact there was never any intention to pay me at all”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Roland’s AEIC in Suit 1182, para 5(a).

On the stand, Roland confirmed that Kenny had told him the shares were to be
transferred to Panshore. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE 17 March 2023, page 70 at lines 28 – 32.

57 Roland thus gave no evidence to support his pleaded case that the shares
were sold to Mr Ng, and were meant to be transferred to Mr Ng. His evidence
is, rather, that the shares were sold to Panshore, and were meant to be
transferred to Panshore. Indeed, that was the position he took in Suit 521 and
Suit 520, until he discontinued his claim against Panshore.

58 From Roland’s AEIC, his complaint was not that the shares were sold and
transferred to Panshore when he had meant to sell and transfer them to Mr Ng,
his complaint was just that he expected to receive $765,000 for his 765,000
shares, rather than for them to be transferred for nominal consideration.

59 On the stand, his evidence was then to the effect that Mr Ng should not be
faulted for Panshore not paying him $765,000 for his shares:

(a) Roland confirmed that he had not negotiated the agreement for the transfer
of the shares, and neither had Mr Ng, as it was Kenny who had negotiated it
with one Mr David Tan; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 17 March 2023, page 70 at lines 18 – 21.

(b) Roland agreed that Mr Ng had never discussed with him the value of the
shares which he was going to transfer to Panshore; 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE 17 March 2023, page 71 at lines 30 – 31 and page 72 at lines 1 – 2.

and

(c) Roland admitted that because the shares were being transferred to
Panshore, Mr Ng was not aware of any intention not to pay for those shares. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE 17 March 2023, page 72 at lines 31 – 32 and page 73 at lines 1 – 2.

60 Roland’s claim against Mr Ng is to the effect that Mr Ng had contracted to
buy 765,000 of his shares (to be transferred to Mr Ng) for the price of
$765,000, but Mr Ng had then engineered the transfer to Panshore rather than
Mr Ng, and Panshore did not pay Roland $765,000.

61 Roland has no evidence to support his allegations against Mr Ng, and
indeed, his own evidence contradicts his pleaded case:

(a) Roland has no evidence that Mr Ng agreed to buy his shares – his evidence
is that the persons involved in the negotiation were Kenny and Mr David Tan.

(b) Roland has no evidence that the shares were meant to be transferred to Mr
Ng – his own evidence is that the shares were meant to be transferred to
Panshore. This contrasts with his closing submissions at para 24, where he
says he only signed on a share transfer form where the transferee was Mr Ng,
for a consideration of $1. However, he has not produced that share transfer
form, and in any case, it would not assist him in claiming $765,000.

(c) Roland has no evidence that Mr Ng somehow amended the share transfer form,
or forged Roland’s signature on another share transfer form, such that the
transferee became Panshore and not Mr Ng. Moreover, Roland’s own evidence is
that the intended transferee was Panshore. Roland’s plea at para 37 of his
closing submissions that he is at a loss as to how his signature appeared on
the share transfer form with Panshore as transferee cannot make up for the
lack of evidence implicating Mr Ng in some way.

62 I find that Roland has failed to prove his claim that Mr Ng owes him
$765,000 for the 765,000 of his shares that were transferred to Panshore.
Conversely, I accept Mr Ng’s defence that he never agreed to buy any shares in
Asia Link, he was never the intended transferee of Asia Link shares, he never
received any share transfer forms naming him as transferee, and that the
consideration for the share transfers was always intended to be nominal.

63 In so far as Roland seeks payment from Mr Ng not just based on a contract
(for Mr Ng to buy his shares for $765,000), but also based on claims for
causing loss by unlawful means, or conspiracy, on the evidence I find those
claims in relation to Roland’s shares to fail as well.

Causing loss by unlawful means

64 Roland claims that Mr Ng intended to cause him loss by unlawful means, in
that Mr Ng (as a director of Asia Link) neglected Asia’s Link’s business, and
deliberately engaged in conduct that negatively impacted Asia Link’s financial
situation – which caused loss to Roland and Kenny as shareholders of Asia
Link.

65 Although Roland’s complaint is framed as Mr Ng intending to cause him loss
by unlawful means, it is really a complaint that Mr Ng, as a director of Asia
Link, had breached his duties to Asia Link. Roland confirmed in his AEIC at
para 4 that his claim against Mr Ng is for “his actions while being appointed
as director of [Asia Link] which I had a stake in it”.

66 Under cross-examination, Roland agreed that:

(a) if Mr Ng had breached his duties to Asia Link, that may have caused loss
to Asia Link, but it did not cause Roland loss personally;

(b) it should be for Asia Link’s liquidator to bring any claim against Mr Ng
for breach of duties; and

(c) Mr Ng never had any intention to cause any loss to him. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE 17 March 2023, page 68 at 18 – 22.

67 Those admissions by Roland, which undermine his claim, accord with the
legal position.

68 In Hengwell Development Pte Ltd v Thing Chiang Ching and others [2002] 2
SLR(R) 454 (“Hengwell”) the court recognised the principle from the House of
Lords decision in Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a firm) [2001] 1 All ER 481 that
only a company can maintain an action to recover reflective losses and a
shareholder is precluded from doing so. Lord Bingham put it thus at 503, in a
passage quoted in Hengwell at [18]:

These authorities support the following propositions. (1) Where a company
suffers loss caused by a breach of duty owed to it, only the company may sue
in respect of that loss. No action lies at the suit of a shareholder suing in
that capacity and no other to make good a diminution in the value of the
shareholder’s shareholding where that merely reflects the loss suffered by the
company. A claim will not lie by a shareholder to make good a loss which would
be made good if the company’s assets were replenished through action against
the party responsible for the loss, even if the company, acting through its
constitutional organs, has declined or failed to make good that loss. So much
is clear from Prudential Assurance Co Ltd v Newman Industries Ltd (No 2)
[1982] Ch 204, particularly at pp 222–223, Heron International [1983] BCLC
244, particularly at pp 261–262, George Fischer [1995] 1 BCLC 260,
particularly at pp 266 and 270–271, Gerber [1997] RPC 443 and Stein v Blake
[1998] 1 All ER 727, particularly at pp 726–729. (2) Where a company suffers
loss but has no cause of action to sue to recover that loss, the shareholder
in the company may sue in respect of it (if the shareholder has a cause of
action to do so), even though the loss is a diminution in the value of the
shareholding. This is supported by Lee v Sheard [1956] 1 QB 192, 195–196,
George Fischer and Gerber. (3) Where a company suffers loss caused by a breach
of duty to it, and a shareholder suffers a loss separate and distinct from
that suffered by the company caused by breach of a duty independently owed to
the shareholder, each may sue to recover the loss caused to it by breach of
the duty owed to it but neither may recover loss caused to the other by breach
of the duty owed to that other. I take this to be the effect of Lee v Sheard,
at pp 195–196, Heron International, particularly at p 262, RP Howard,
particularly at p 123, Gerber and Stein v Blake, particularly at p 726. I do
not think the observations of Leggatt LJ in Barings at p 435 and of the Court
of Appeal of New Zealand in Christensen v Scott at p 280, lines 25–35, can be
reconciled with this statement of principle.

69 Roland’s claim in the present case falls squarely within the first of Lord
Bingham’s categories – that the company (Asia Link) has suffered loss caused
by a breach of duty owed to it (by Mr Ng), and a shareholder (Roland) says he
has suffered loss because he was a shareholder of the company. The law is that
only the company may sue in respect of that loss.

70 Accordingly, Roland’s claim against Mr Ng fails. In any event, I find that
Roland has failed to prove his complaints against Mr Ng; I accept Mr Ng’s
evidence that he had discharged his duties as a director of Asia Link. I
elaborate on this in the next section.

Conspiracy to defraud

71 Finally, Roland advanced a claim for conspiracy to defraud. Curiously, he
alleged that “the Defendant [ie, Mr Ng], Mr David Tan, and the Other Directors
of Panshore (or any two or more together)” conspired to defraud him. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Roland’s Statement of Claim in Suit 1182, paras 24 and 25.

That pleading leaves open the possibility that the alleged conspiracy did not
involve Mr Ng at all, but instead any two or more of the other persons named.

72 As noted above, Roland admitted under cross-examination that Mr Ng never
had any intention to cause loss to him, which goes against Mr Ng being a party
to a conspiracy to defraud Roland.

73 In so far as the particulars of fraud relate to the transfer of Roland’s
765,000 shares to Panshore, I have already found that Roland’s claims in
relation to that transfer (and the payment of $765,000 that he seeks for it)
all fail.

74 The next three particulars of fraud all pertain to matters that are
properly the subject of a claim by Asia Link (if at all), rather than by
Roland as a shareholder of Asia Link:

(a) neglecting Asia Link’s business;

(b) engaging in conduct which negatively impacted the financial situation of
Asia Link; and

(c) making dishonest statements to the liquidator of Asia Link. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Statement of claim para 25(d), (e), (f).

75 The final particular of fraud is that “such fraud” was concealed from
Roland, but that particular by itself is of no avail to Roland unless there is
some “fraud” actionable by him to begin with.

76 As with the previous claim for causing loss by unlawful means, in so far as
the conspiracy claim relates to Mr Ng’s conduct as a director of Asia Link,
any action for breach of Mr Ng’s duties to Asia Link can only be brought by
Asia Link, and not by Roland as a shareholder of Asia Link to recover a
diminution in the value of his shareholding in Asia Link (which is reflective
loss – it merely reflects the loss suffered by the company).

77 In any event, I find that Roland has failed to prove his pleaded
allegations against Mr Ng. On the contrary, I accept Mr Ng’s evidence that he
had discharged his duties as a director of Asia Link. Asia Link was wound up
for unpaid taxes, and its tax liabilities dated from a period prior to Mr Ng’s
appointment as director. Mr Ng assisted Asia Link’s auditors with finalising
the accounts for the financial years ended 30 June 2007, 30 June 2008, and 30
June 2009, and then negotiated with IRAS officers – that resulted in Asia Link
facing a significantly lower tax liability of some $800,000 rather than over
$2 million. Even so, Asia Link did not pay that reduced tax liability and was
wound up.

78 Instead of putting forward any evidence of Mr Ng’s supposed wrongdoings as
a director of Asia Link, Roland engaged in speculation that Mr David Tan
sought to take advantage of Asia Link or to destroy it. Roland’s starting
premise is that Asia Link was a valuable company, but the evidence shows that
from the time Panshore entered into the joint venture on 1 March 2011, Asia
Link was in financial trouble until it was wound up on 1 March 2013. Moreover,
the evidence shows that Asia Link’s financial troubles were not due to Mr Ng,
or Mr David Tan, or Panshore, or Panshore’s directors; rather, Asia Link’s
financial troubles were due to Asia Link’s management, in particular Kenny,
its managing director.

Conclusion

79 In Suit 520, I find that Panshore has proved its breach of contract claim
against Roland: that Roland breached the 7 September 2011 agreement by failing
to lend Asia Link $400,000 as Roland had contracted to. I grant Panshore
interlocutory judgment for damages to be assessed in respect of that claim.
Other than that, I dismiss Panshore’s claims against Roland.

80 In Suit 1182, I dismiss all of Roland’s claims against Mr Ng.

81 On costs:

(a) For Suit 520, I reserve the question of costs to the judge or registrar
conducting the assessment phase. Although Panshore has succeeded on liability
for one of its claims (breach of contract by Roland), it has yet to be
determined whether Panshore will be awarded substantial or nominal damages.
Moreover, Panshore has failed on its other claims. At the assessment stage,
Panshore and Roland can address the court further on the question of costs.

(b) For Suit 1182, Roland is to pay Mr Ng costs to be assessed if not agreed.

82 For avoidance of doubt, the time for any appeal against this judgment shall
run from the date of this judgment.

Andre Maniam  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
The second plaintiff in Suit 520 of 2014 and plaintiff in Suit 1182 of 2020 in
person;

Low Peter Cuthbert, Low Ying Ning Elaine (Liu Yingning) and Nelson Chee (Peter
Low Chambers LLC) for the defendant in Suit 520 of 2014;

David Nayar (David Nayar and Associates) for the defendant in Suit 1182 of
2020.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Sep 2023 (11:58 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

