Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 166

Employment Claims Tribunal Appeal No 1 of 2023

Between

Hossain Rakib  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Ideal Design & Build Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Employment Claims Tribunal Claim No 10181 of 2022

Between

Hossain Rakib  
---  
  
… Claimant

And

Ideal Design & Build Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Employment Law — Pay — Whether s 38(5) of the Employment Act 1968 (2020 Rev
Ed) bars a claim for overtime pay exceeding the prescribed monthly limit of
overtime hours]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hossain Rakib

  

v

  

Ideal Design & Build Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 166

General Division of the High Court — Employment Claims Tribunal Appeal No 1 of
2023  
Goh Yihan JC  
11 May 2023

15 June 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 The appellant, Mr Hossain Rakib (“Mr Rakib”), is a Bangladeshi national. He
was employed as a construction worker by the respondent, Ideal Design & Build
Pte Ltd, from 14 December 2020 to 6 January 2022. Mr Rakib was about 30 years
old when he started working for the respondent. He came to Singapore to work
as a welder and flame cutter. Unfortunately, he was not paid what was due to
him from the respondent. In particular, he claims that the respondent should
have paid him overtime pay for over 700 hours of overtime work between
February 2021 and November 2021. The respondent refuses to do so with respect
to some of those hours because it had required Mr Rakib to work beyond the
statutorily prescribed limit of 72 overtime hours on some months. In
particular, the respondent argues that Mr Rakib is not legally entitled to
claim for the overtime hours exceeding the statutorily prescribed limit. Based
on an interpretation of the relevant statutory provisions, Mr Rakib lost in
the Employment Claims Tribunal below and did not get most of what he had
claimed for.

2 This is Mr Rakib’s appeal against the learned Tribunal Magistrate’s (“the
Judge”) order in ECT/10181/2022 (“the Order”). In accordance with the
permission granted for him to appeal to the General Division of the High
Court, the appellant’s appeal is limited to the question of whether he is
prevented by s 38(5) of the Employment Act 1968 (2020 Rev Ed) (“EA”) from
claiming overtime pay beyond 72 hours a month, when he was required by the
respondent to work overtime for more than the said 72 hours on some months.

3 Having considered the matter carefully, I allow the appeal. For reasons that
I will explain in this judgment, I find that s 38(5) of the EA (“s 38(5)”) was
not intended to prevent an employee from claiming overtime pay beyond 72 hours
per month. More specifically, I find that Parliament intended for s 38(5) (and
Part 4 of the EA in which it resides (“Part 4”)) to protect employees and not
to prejudice their rights to payment for work done, especially when the
employee had been required by the employer to work overtime.

The appellant’s claim against the respondent

4 I begin with the appellant’s claim against the respondent. As I mentioned
above, the appellant was employed by the respondent as a construction worker.
This employment was pursuant to an employment contract dated 17 January 2021
(“the Employment Contract”). The material terms of the Employment Contract are
contained in clause 6 as follows: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Respondent’s Bundle of Documents in HC/ECTA 1/2023 (“RBOD”) at p 4.

6\. Working Days / Hour of work / Overtime

6.1 Working days will be 5.5 days a week.

6.2 The normal working hours will be from 08:00 to 17:00hrs (include 1 hour
break).

6.3 Rest Day on Sunday.

6.4 You will earn overtime pay if you work more than 8 hours a day, or 44
hours a week. Total overtime hours should not exceed 72 hours a month.

5 In addition, a one-page document, dated 17 January 2021 and entitled “Salary
Package”, sets out the terms of remuneration as follows: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

RBOD at p 7.

Salary Package

We will offer your salary package as following:

Working hours: 8am -5pm

OT: 6pm to 7pm

Standard hour rate: $ 4.55

OT Hour Rate: $ 6.80

Sunday Hour Rate: $ 9.10

6 Between February 2021 and November 2021, the respondent required the
appellant to work a fixed number of hours each day. On each workday, the
appellant would be ferried to the worksite early in the morning (typically at
about 8am). He would then be picked up from the same worksite (typically at
8pm or later) and ferried back to his dormitory. Despite the appellant having
performed work as required by the respondent, which included overtime hours,
the respondent refused to pay the appellant the overtime pay said to be due to
him. As such, the appellant brought a claim before the Employment Claims
Tribunal for the following sums, which included his overtime pay:

(a) $581.10, being payment for work on 15 rest days;

(b) $6,387.50, being payment for 625 hours of overtime performed between
February 2021 and November 2021;

(c) $511.85, being short payment for 145 hours of overtime performed between
February 2021 and November 2021; and

(d) $272.70, being salary for 1 to 7 May 2021.

For the purposes of this appeal, I will collectively term the claims listed in
(b) and (c) as the “Overtime Pay Claim”.

The Judge’s decision and subsequent proceedings

7 After hearing the parties, the Judge issued his decision on 14 September
2022 (see Hossain Rakib v Ideal Design & Build Pte Ltd [2022] SGECT 109 (“the
Judgment”)). While the Judge also adjudicated on other aspects of the
appellant’s claim, I will focus only on the Overtime Pay Claim, being the
subject of the present appeal. In this regard, the Judge found that the
appellant may not claim for more than 72 hours of overtime pay per month. This
is because the Judge interpreted s 38(5) as imposing a maximum cap of 72 hours
that an employee may claim as overtime pay per month (“the Overtime Cap”).

8 In brief, the Judge found that pursuant to s 38(5), “an employee may not
work for more than 72 hours’ overtime per month even if he/she wanted to” (see
the Judgment at [50]). The Judge reached this conclusion for several reasons.
First, the Judge did not think that the High Court had held in Chua Qwong Meng
v SBS Transit Ltd [2022] SGHC 208 (“Chua Qwong Meng”) that s 38(5) was meant
to protect the employee. Second, the Judge referred to his own decision in
Sanjay Panday v Daelim Industrial Co Ltd [2020] SGECT 106, in which he had
held that the Overtime Cap was introduced in the Employment Bill (Bill No
21/1968) “not to protect a worker from overwork, but to regulate and limit
workers who absorb extra work and earn extra salary, at the expense of
allowing another person to be employed by the company” (see the Judgment at
[52]). After referring to the relevant parliamentary debates, the Judge
concluded that s 38(5) was meant to serve “the twin objectives of lowering
unemployment and raising productivity” [emphasis in original]. As such, the
Judge concluded that the “public policy behind [s 38(5)] would demand that
workers be prohibited from recovering pay for overtime worked beyond the first
72 hours in a month” (see the Judgment at [53]).

9 For completeness, the Judge also observed that Parliament did not intend to
place the onus of adhering to s 38(5) solely on the employer, such that the
employee who was required by the employer to work beyond the Overtime Cap
could claim for overtime pay in respect of the extra hours. While this meant
that an employer who required an employee to work beyond the Overtime Cap
essentially gets extra work done for no extra salary, the Judge was satisfied
that this consequence is addressed by “exposing the employer to criminal
liability”, with the outcome being that “both employer and employee have
disincentives to agree to working beyond the permitted overtime limit”
[emphasis in original] (see the Judgment at [55]). By way of context, an
employer who permits an employee to work more than 72 hours overtime in a
month may face criminal liability under s 53 of the EA.

10 Having justified the Overtime Cap based on the reasons above, the Judge
held that the appellant was only entitled to $516.80 in respect of his
Overtime Pay Claim. On 10 January 2023, the appellant was given permission to
appeal against the Judge’s decision. However, the appellant’s appeal is
limited to the issue of the Overtime Cap, which was framed as such in the
Notice of Appeal: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Record of Appeal Vol 1 in HC/ECTA 1/2023 at p 6.

Whether section 38(5) of the [EA] prohibits an employee from claiming overtime
work for more than 72 hours a month in circumstances where the employee was
required by the employer to work overtime for more than 72 hours a month, i.e.
the employer required the employee to work for a specific number of hours a
day resulting in overtime work performed and the employee was not performing
overtime work at his or her own request.

The parties’ general positions

11 I turn now to state the parties’ general positions in the present appeal.
The appellant’s primary position is that the Judge erred in finding that s
38(5) is an absolute bar against an employee claiming more than 72 hours of
overtime pay in a month. In this regard, the appellant submits that s 38(5)
does not contain any statutory prohibition or restriction to bar an employee
from claiming for overtime pay exceeding 72 hours a month if the employee was
required by the employer to perform such overtime work.

12 In support of this position, the appellant makes four submissions which I
summarise below.

(a) First, the express wording of s 38(5) does not prohibit a claim by an
employee for overtime pay exceeding 72 hours per month. Instead, the ordinary
meaning of s 38(5) simply prevents the employer from requiring the employee to
work more than 72 hours of overtime per month.

(b) Second, Parliament’s intended purpose for s 38(5) and Part 4 is to protect
employees and not to prejudice or limit their rights to payment for work done.
This is especially so in a situation where the employee had been required by
the employer to work overtime.

(c) Third, s 132 of the EA provides that nothing in the EA operates to prevent
an employee from enforcing its rights against his or her employer for any
breach or non-performance of a contract of service.

(d) Fourth, the employer cannot rely on s 38(5) as a defence to a civil claim
as it is not expressly stated to function in this way, and especially in the
light of Parliament’s clear pronouncement that s 38(5) is for the protection
of the worker.

13 In turn, the respondent unsurprisingly disagrees with the appellant’s
interpretation of s 38(5). In its view, the Judge’s interpretation of s 38(5),
and the consequent imposition of the Overtime Cap, advances Parliament’s
intention. In this regard, the respondent makes four submissions, that are as
follows:

(a) First, Parliament’s intention in 1972, when s 38(5) was amended to adjust
the Overtime Cap from 48 hours to the present 72 hours, was consistent with
the rationale behind the initial implementation of s 38(5) in the Employment
Act 1968.

(b) Second, the Judge’s interpretation of s 38(5) is not contrary to the
context of the provision in the EA as a whole.

(c) Third, the appellant’s interpretation of s 38(5) allows an employee to
take advantage of his or her own breach of the EA and benefit from such. This
would not be sustainable as a matter of law.

(d) Fourth, s 132 of the EA does not assist the appellant because his cause of
action would not accrue under clause 6.4 of the Employment Contract in any
event.

A preliminary point: the appellant’s claim against the respondent is not
barred by clause 6.4 of the Employment Contract

14 Having set out the parties’ general positions, I begin with a preliminary
point. This relates to the respondent’s fourth submission that the appellant
is prevented by clause 6.4 of the Employment Contract from bringing the
Overtime Pay Claim against the respondent. In this regard, clause 6.4
provides, among others, that the appellant’s “[t]otal overtime hours should
not exceed 72 hours a month”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

RBOD at p 4.

As such, the respondent submits that the appellant’s claim “no longer lies in
Clause 6.4 of the Employment Contract but falls outside of the scope of [it]”
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 66.

as the appellant had worked more than 72 hours of overtime on some months.
According to the respondent, it must therefore follow that the appellant
cannot avail himself of s 132 of the EA, which allows an employee to bring a
civil claim against his or her employer for breach or non-performance of a
contract of service. Section 132 provides as follows:

Civil proceedings not barred

132\. Nothing in this Act operates to prevent any employer or employee from
enforcing the employer’s or employee’s respective civil rights and remedies
for any breach or non-performance of a contract of service by any suit in
court in any case in which proceedings are not instituted, or, if instituted,
are not proceeded with to judgment under this Act.

15 In response, the appellant makes four specific points. First, his primary
submission is that clause 6.4 does not impose a contractual prohibition
against the appellant working more than 72 hours per month. Rather, he says
that it merely restates the Overtime Cap that is prescribed by s 38(5) of the
EA and does not prevent the appellant from claiming in respect of the hours of
overtime that exceeded the Overtime Cap. Second, the appellant contends that
even if clause 6.4 imposes any such contractual prohibition, the respondent
has waived this prohibition by requesting the appellant to work beyond the
Overtime Cap on some months. Third, the appellant submits that if there was
such a contractual prohibition, it would mean that the respondent is in breach
of the contract for requesting the appellant to work beyond the Overtime Cap.
Fourth, the appellant argues that it is implied in the Employment Contract
that if the respondent compels the appellant to work beyond the Overtime Cap,
then the appellant ought to be paid for not only the 72 hours, but also any
overtime beyond that.

16 In my judgment, I do not think that the appellant is prevented by clause
6.4 of the Employment Contract from bringing the Overtime Pay Claim against
the respondent. To begin with, the appellant has characterised his claim
against the respondent as a “civil contractual claim pursuant to Clause 6.4 of
the Employment Contract and the [Salary Package]”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions at para 70.

Thus, the fact that he worked more than 72 hours of overtime on some months
between February 2021 and November 2021 goes towards his case that there was a
breach of clause 6.4 of the Employment Contract by the respondent, which gives
rise to a civil claim that falls under the scope of s 132 of the EA. As such,
the appellant seeks damages for this breach, which can be measured by the
overtime pay he would have been entitled to under the Salary Package.

17 Alternatively, while clause 6.4 does provide that the “[t]otal overtime
hours should not exceed 72 hours a month”, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

RBOD at p 4.

the fact is that the respondent ignored this clause by requiring the appellant
to work more than 72 hours of overtime for a few months in the period between
February 2021 and November 2021. Therefore, even if clause 6.4 was initially
intended to be a contractual obligation on the part of the appellant, I find
that the respondent has waived any duty on the appellant to comply with this
clause. As such, I cannot agree with the respondent that the appellant cannot
claim under clause 6.4 of the Employment Contract.

18 Rather, at the heart of the parties’ dispute in relation to the Overtime
Cap is whether the appellant’s claim for damages for breach of clause 6.4 of
the Employment Contract, which in essence amounts to a claim for overtime pay
for hours worked beyond the Overtime Cap, is prohibited by s 38(5). In this
regard, despite my overall conclusion that the appellant can bring his
Overtime Pay Claim against the respondent, I disagree with the appellant that
s 132 of the EA reinforces his argument that s 38(5) does not prohibit such a
claim. This is because s 132 is a permissive provision: it allows for parties
to bring civil claims against an employer or employee provided that such
“proceedings are not instituted, or, if instituted, are not proceeded with to
judgment under [the EA]”. However, s 132 says nothing about whether a civil
claim is prohibited by other provisions of the EA. More than that, s 132 must
surely not be read as permitting a civil claim that is otherwise prohibited by
the EA.

The appellant’s claim against the respondent is not prohibited by s 38(5) of
the Employment Act

19 Having addressed this preliminary point, I turn now to consider the key
issue in this appeal, which is whether s 38(5) prohibits the appellant’s
Overtime Pay Claim. This is essentially a question of statutory
interpretation.

The principles of statutory interpretation

20 The principles of statutory interpretation in Singapore are now well
settled following the seminal Court of Appeal decision of Tan Cheng Bock v
Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”), which sets out how s
9A(1) of the Interpretation Act 1965 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IA”) is to be applied. To
begin with, s 9A(1) provides as follows:

Purposive interpretation of written law and use of extrinsic materials

9A.—(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) is to be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object.

21 While Tan Cheng Bock was a case involving the interpretation of
constitutional provisions, the principles advanced therein were based on s 9A
of the IA which applies to the interpretation of all written law (see Benny
Tan, “Statutory Interpretation in Singapore – Another 10 Years On” (2021) 33
SAcLJ 987 at 994). Accordingly, it is indisputable that the principles of
statutory interpretation in Tan Cheng Bock apply and are binding on me in the
present case.

22 In particular, the Court of Appeal laid down a three-step framework (see
Tan Cheng Bock at [37], referring to the minority judgment in the Court of
Appeal decision of Attorney-General v Ting Choon Meng and another appeal
[2017] 1 SLR 373), the steps of which are as follows:

(a) first, ascertain the possible interpretations of the provision, having
regard not just to the text of the provision but also to the context of that
provision within the written law as a whole;

(b) second, ascertain the legislative purpose or object of the statute; and

(c) third, compare the possible interpretations of the text against the
purposes or objects of the statute.

23 I now proceed to go through each of these three steps in the context of s
38(5), which provides:

Hours of work

…

(5) An employee must not be permitted to work overtime for more than 72 hours
a month.

There are two possible interpretations of s 38(5)

The relevant principles and the competing interpretations

24 The first step of the Tan Cheng Bock framework requires me to ascertain the
possible interpretations of s 38(5). In doing so, I must determine the
ordinary meaning of the words of s 38(5), “aided in this effort by a number of
rules and canons of statutory construction, all of which are grounded in logic
and common sense” (see Tan Cheng Bock at [38]).

25 In this regard, the appellant admits that there are two possible
interpretations of s 38(5), namely, the Judge’s interpretation and his (the
appellant’s) interpretation. For convenience, I summarise these two
interpretations as follows:

(a) The Judge’s interpretation: s 38(5) is an absolute bar to an employee
claiming more than 72 hours of overtime pay per month (ie, the Overtime Cap).

(b) The appellant’s interpretation: s 38(5) prevents an employer from
requiring, requesting, or even allowing their employee to carry out overtime
work for more than 72 hours per month. However, s 38(5) does not contain any
statutory prohibition or restriction to bar or otherwise prevent an employee
from claiming for overtime pay performed beyond 72 hours a month, if the
employee was required or compelled by the employer to perform such overtime
work.

Beyond understandably submitting that the Judge’s interpretation is correct,
the respondent does not dispute the existence of these two possible
interpretations.

26 Yet, notwithstanding the respondent’s seeming agreement that there exists
two possible interpretations of s 38(5), I need to be independently satisfied
that these interpretations are indeed possible. For the reasons that I will
now explain, I am satisfied that both the Judge’s interpretation and the
appellant’s interpretation of s 38(5) are each possible. Of course, which is
the correct interpretation of s 38(5) is separate question.

The Judge’s interpretation of s 38(5) is a possible interpretation

27 First, it is possible to arrive at the Judge’s interpretation of s 38(5)
from the text of the provision alone. This is because if an employee “must not
be permitted to work overtime for more than 72 hours a month”, then it may
follow that he cannot claim any overtime pay exceeding the prescribed 72
hours. Put differently, an employee cannot be paid for the extra hours that he
or she is prohibited from working, because he or she should not have worked
those hours to begin with.

28 Moreover, the other provisions surrounding s 38(5) might support this
interpretation as well. In this regard, s 38(5) is located in s 38 of the EA,
which is entitled “Hours of work”. Thus, on a plain reading of s 38, the
section (as well as its numerous subsections) is meant to address the hours an
employee, who comes within it pursuant to s 35, is permitted to work. More
particularly, as the respondent submits, s 38 primarily provides for the
following:

(a) the statutorily prescribed limit of an employee’s regular working hours (s
38(1));

(b) the exceptions when an employee may legally exceed that statutorily
prescribed limit (s 38(2));

(c) the employee’s entitlement to overtime pay (s 38(4));

(d) the statutory limit for overtime work per month (ie, the Overtime Cap) (s
38(5)); and

(e) the calculation of the rate of overtime pay (s 38(6)).

29 In particular, as the respondent submits, s 38(5) is positioned between ss
38(4) and 38(6) of the EA. In this regard, s 38(4) provides that an employee
is entitled to be paid overtime pay subject to the restrictions set out in ss
38(4)(a) and 38(4)(b) read with s 38(1). Section 38(5) follows immediately to
state that an employee cannot work beyond the Overtime Cap. Section 38(6) then
provides how an employee’s rate of pay for overtime is to be calculated based
on his basic hourly rate of pay. As such, it is arguable that an employee’s
entitlement to overtime pay as provided for by s 38(4) is capped at 72 hours
in accordance with s 38(5), and calculated by reference to the formula
provided in s 38(6).

The appellant’s interpretation of s 38(5) is also a possible interpretation

30 As for the appellant’s interpretation of s 38(5), I find that this is also
a possible interpretation for the following reasons. In the first place, as
the appellant points out, s 38(5) does not expressly prohibit an employee from
claiming for overtime pay beyond the prescribed 72 hours a month. Thus, just
as s 38(5) can be read to prohibit such a claim on the basis of the Judge’s
interpretation, so too can it be read to not prohibit such a claim because it
says nothing about such a prohibition.

31 Furthermore, the appellant’s interpretation of s 38(5) is possibly
supported by the words used in surrounding provisions. This is because, as the
appellant submits, it is possible that the words “required”, “request” or
“permitted” are used in s 38 to prevent the employer from allowing or
requiring an employee to work beyond a stipulated number of hours in a certain
timeframe. In other words, these provisions are specifically targeted towards
the conduct of the employer and not the employee. For instance, s 38(1)
provides that an employee “must not be required under his or her contract of
service to work” [emphasis added] more than certain defined hours. Since it is
the employer who requests the employee to do the work, this suggests that the
focus of s 38(1) is on the conduct of the employer. As such, it is possible
that s 38(5) does not contain any statutory prohibition or restriction to bar
or otherwise prevent an employee from claiming for overtime pay performed
beyond 72 hours a month if the employee was required or compelled by the
employer to perform such overtime work.

32 Relatedly, the appellant also relies on similar wordings in other parts of
s 38 which, by the same reasoning, can support the appellant’s interpretation.
In particular:

(a) s 38(2) provides that an employee “may be required by his or her employer
to exceed the limit of hours prescribed in subsection (1)” [emphasis added] in
certain defined situations;

(b) s 38(4) provides that if an employee works overtime “at the request of the
employer” [emphasis added], then he or she must be paid at prescribed rate;
and

(c) s 38(5) provides that an employee “must not be permitted to work overtime
for more than 72 hours a month” [emphasis added].

33 Beyond the appellant’s arguments that centre on s 38 of the EA, the same
reasoning can possibly also apply in respect of s 53 of the EA, which makes it
an offence for the employer to “[employ] any person as an employee contrary to
the provisions of [Part 4]”, in which s 38(5) resides. Separately, it is also
important to refer to s 41A(1) of the EA, which I highlighted to parties at
the hearing before me. This section provides as follows:

Power to exempt

41A.—(1) The Commissioner may, after considering the operational needs of the
employer and the health and safety of the employee or class of employees, by
written order exempt an employee or any class of employees from sections
38(1), (5) and (8) and 40(3) subject to such conditions as the Commissioner
thinks fit.

Section 41A(1) allows the Commissioner for Labour (“the Commissioner”) to
exempt an employee from s 38(5). In practice, this means that the Commissioner
can allow for an employee to work beyond the Overtime Cap, presumably with the
payment of overtime pay. In my view, this bolsters the appellant’s
interpretation of s 38(5) even further, as it shows that it is possible for
employee to work beyond the Overtime Cap and yet be able to claim overtime pay
for such work. Thus, it is possible to interpret s 38(5) as not prohibiting
such a claim.

34 Accordingly, I find that the first stage of the Tan Cheng Bock framework
yields two possible interpretations. It is with this in mind that I move to
the second and third stages of this framework, where the correct
interpretation of s 38(5) will turn on the legislative purpose of the
provision and Part 4 of the EA.

The appellant’s interpretation of s 38(5) is better aligned with the
legislative purpose of s 38 and Part 4 of the Employment Act

The relevant principles

35 It is helpful to begin with the relevant principles. As a preliminary
point, it may be said that, in practice, the second and third stages of the
Tan Cheng Bock framework will often merge. This is because, in reasoning what
the legislative purpose of a statutory provision should be, a court is
necessarily comparing the possible interpretations of the text against the
purposes of the statute. Indeed, even in Tan Cheng Bock, the Court of Appeal
in effect combined the second and third stages of its prescribed three-stage
framework (at [134]). With this in mind, I come to the relevant principles at
the second (and third) stage of the Tan Cheng Bock framework, which is
summarised at [54] in the Court of Appeal’s decision and which I now set out.

36 First, in ascertaining the legislative purpose of a provision, it may be
necessary to distinguish between the specific purpose of the provision
concerned, and the general purpose of the part of the statute in which the
provision is found (see Tan Cheng Bock at [54]). In this regard, if the
general purpose of the part in which the provision is situated does not shed
light on the purpose of the specific provision concerned, it may then be
necessary to examine the specific purpose of the provision separately. This
suggests that in ascertaining the legislative purpose of a provision, a court
should first pay heed to the general purpose of the part of the statute in
which that provision appears, before looking to the specific purpose behind
the provision concerned.

37 Second, in an apparent overlap with the first stage of the Tan Cheng Bock
framework, the Court of Appeal held in Tan Cheng Bock at [54] that the
legislative purpose should ordinarily be gleaned from the text itself. In this
regard, while the first stage involves ascertaining the possible
interpretations of the provision by looking to its text and its context within
the statute as a whole, and the second stage involves ascertaining the purpose
behind the provision by again looking to its text and its context, it will be
difficult in practice to break down the analysis so cleanly. This is because
once one strays beyond the text and starts looking to the surrounding textual
context to ascertain the interpretation of a provision, one is inevitably
engaging in a contextual interpretative exercise that involves ascertaining
the purpose behind a provision as gleaned from the textual context. This much
can be seen from the arguments considered at [25]–[34] above. Thus, at the
second stage of the Tan Cheng Bock framework, it may well be that a court
would already have a good sense of the purpose behind a provision, as well as
the purpose of the part of the statute in which it appears, as gleaned from
the ordinary meaning of the provision in its context.

38 Third, the Court of Appeal held in Tan Cheng Bock at [54] that a court can
consider extraneous material in the ascertainment of the legislative purpose
of the provision concerned, and the part of the statute in which it appears,
in the following three situations: (a) if the ordinary meaning of the
provision is clear, extraneous material can only be used to confirm that
ordinary meaning but not to alter it; (b) if the provision is ambiguous or
obscure on its face, extraneous material can be used to ascertain the meaning
of the provision; and (c) if the ordinary meaning of the provision leads to a
result that is manifestly absurd or unreasonable, extraneous material can be
used to ascertain the meaning of the provision. This in essence echoes s 9A(2)
of the IA.

39 Fourth, the Court of Appeal held in Tan Cheng Bock at [54] that in deciding
whether to consider extraneous material, and if so, the weight to be placed on
it, a court is to have regard to the desirability of persons being able to
rely on the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision, and the
need to avoid prolonging legal or other proceedings without compensating
advantage. This, in essence, echoes s 9A(4) of the IA. In addition, the court
also held that regard should be had to: (a) whether the material is clear and
unequivocal; (b) whether it discloses the mischief aimed at or the legislative
intention underlying the statutory provision; and (c) whether it is directed
to the very point of statutory interpretation in dispute.

40 Apart from these principles, there will be other more specifically
applicable principles that may arise depending on each case. Be that as it
may, these principles from Tan Cheng Bock represent the clear and binding
principles that a court should apply in the interpretation of a statutory
provision.

The legislative purpose behind s 38(5) and Part 4 is to protect an employee
and not to prejudice his or her rights against the employer

(1) The significance of statutory amendments in ascertaining the legislative
purpose

41 Applying these principles, I am of the view that, broadly speaking, the
legislative purpose behind s 38(5) and Part 4 is to protect an employee and
not to prejudice his or her rights against the employer. As the parties agreed
with me during the hearing, the question to be asked in the present case is
whether the purpose of s 38(5) when it was originally enacted remains the same
today, or whether it has changed? This question arises because s 38(5), while
first enacted in 1968, was subsequently amended in 1972 to its present form.
More specifically, as alluded to above at [13(a)], the Overtime Cap was
increased from 48 hours in its originally enacted form to 72 hours in its
present form. Moreover, s 35 of the EA, which prescribes the scope of
application of Part 4 in which s 38(5) resides, was also amended in 2013 and
2018. In light of these developments, the appellant argues that the purpose of
s 38(5) has changed since its original enactment in 1968. In contrast, the
respondent argues that the original purpose of s 38(5) has not changed, which
was to lower unemployment by limiting the number of overtime hours that an
individual employee can work, thereby allowing more workers to be hired.

42 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I agree with the appellant that
the original purpose of s 38(5) when it was enacted in 1968 has been
superseded by a new purpose in light of the aforementioned amendments. In
arriving at this conclusion, I am satisfied that: (a) subsequent statutory
amendments may be taken into account to ascertain the legislative purpose of a
provision; and (b) even where the subsequent amendments do not relate to the
provision in question, they can be useful in ascertaining the purpose of that
provision.

43 To begin with, I accept that the mere fact that there have been new social
developments cannot allow the court to stretch the meaning of statutory
provisions as it would amount to impermissible judicial legislation (see “Two
Contrasting Approaches in the Interpretation of Outdated Statutory Provisions”
[2010] SJLS 530 at 543–544). It is not the function of the court to extend
legislation to cater for new social developments when Parliament has not done
so. However, the court can and should still consider Parliamentary
explanations to any subsequent statutory amendments to ascertain the
legislative purpose behind a provision. In other words, when there has been an
amendment to a statutory provision itself, it must not be readily assumed that
the amended provision shares the same purpose as that of the previous version
of the Act in which the provision is situated. Indeed, as the High Court in
Taw Cheng Kong v Public Prosecutor [1998] 1 SLR(R) 78 (“Taw Cheng Kong (HC)”)
opined at [40], it is “not correct to rely on earlier material to interpret
subsequent legislation as if the subsequent legislation was tailored from a
retrospective standpoint as if to fit seamlessly into the schematics of the
original Act”. Accordingly, “the amending legislation must be looked at
afresh, and only if there is no discernible intention to alter (however subtly
or slightly) the original objectives, can the material pertaining to the
original Act be relied upon”. While Taw Cheng Kong (HC) was overruled by the
Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v Taw Cheng Kong [1998] 2 SLR(R) 489, it
is important to note that the Court of Appeal did not criticise the High
Court’s approach to the interpretation of amended statutory provisions. As
such, I am of the view that the approach taken in Taw Cheng Kong (HC) is good
law in Singapore.

44 This approach finds further support in the subsequent Court of Appeal
decision of AAG v Estate of AAH, deceased [2010] 1 SLR 769, where the court
stated that “[i]t is a settled principle that a statutory provision should be
construed in a manner which will take into account new situations which may
arise and which were not within contemplation at the time of its enactment”
(at [30]). Since the court must have been aware that it cannot take on the
role of a mini-legislature by repurposing a statute to fit with more recent
social developments, it must have been referring to statutory amendments when
it alluded to “new situations” which the court can take into account in
interpreting the statute concerned.

45 Finally, I am also of the view that even where the subsequent amendments do
not relate to the provision in question, the amendments to the surrounding
provisions can be useful in ascertaining the purpose of the provision. To my
mind, there are at least two reasons for this approach. First, it is clear
from the Tan Cheng Bock framework (see [22(a)] above) that a provision must be
interpreted in light of its surrounding textual context at the time it is
being interpreted. This means that where there are amendments to other
provisions in the statute, the textual context surrounding a provision
likewise changes as well and should be taken into account in ascertaining its
meaning. Second, even if there are subsequent changes to the surrounding
textual context, a court must interpret a provision in a way that renders the
provision in question compatible, and not contradictory, to the other
provisions in the statute. This means that, where amendments to the
surrounding textual context of a provision indicate that the purpose of that
part of the Act has changed, then the fact, that the text of the provision in
question is unamended, might indicate that Parliament has regarded the
original text of the provision to be suitable for accommodating that new
purpose. Accordingly, applied to the present case, it is important to consider
any subsequent amendment to s 38(5), as well as to Part 4 (in which it
resides), to ascertain the prevailing legislative purpose of s 38(5).

(2) The general purpose of Part 4 of the Employment Act is to protect
employees

46 To begin with, the relevant parliamentary debates show that the prevailing
general purpose of Part 4, in which s 38(5) resides, is to afford better
protection for employees and improve employment standards. Thus, in the Second
Reading of the Employment, Parental Leave and Other Measures Bill, the then
Acting Minister for Manpower, Mr Tan Chuan-Jin, said that “Part IV of the
Employment Act provides for working hours, rest days, overtime (OT) payments,
and other conditions of employment for the more vulnerable employees”. Thus,
in extending the coverage of Part 4 to more employees by raising the
prescribed salary ranges in s 35, the Minister explained that this was to
afford “better protection for more workers” (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (12 November 2013), vol 90).

47 Indeed, the purpose of Part 4 is further confirmed by other relevant
Parliamentary statements. For instance, in the Second Reading of the
Employment (Amendment) Bill in 2008, the then Acting Minister for Manpower, Mr
Gan Kim Yong, stated that Part 4 “provides additional employment protection
and benefits for the more vulnerable employees who are engaged in manual
labour or are paid lower wages” (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (18 November 2008), vol 85, at col 950 (“2008 Parliamentary
Statement”)). Likewise, in the Second Reading of the Employment (Amendment)
Bill in 2018, it was stated that Part 4 “provides additional protection for
more vulnerable workers” and examples of that include matters relating to the
“hours of work, rest day and overtime pay” (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (20 November 2018)).

48 It therefore appears from these parliamentary debates that the legislative
purpose behind Part 4 is very much focused on the protection of the employee
as opposed to the employer. If so, I find it difficult to reconcile the
Judge’s interpretation with this overarching purpose of Part 4. If Part 4 is
indeed meant to protect the employee, then it would be an inconsistent outcome
if the effect of s 38(5) is to potentially allow an employer to require an
employee to work beyond the Overtime Cap, but then hide behind the provision
he (the employer) has knowingly breached so as to not pay the employee any
overtime pay beyond the prescribed cap.

49 In as much as the Judge suggests that the employee should also be
responsible for knowingly breaching the Overtime Cap by forgoing the affected
overtime pay (see the Judgment at [54]–[55]), I respectfully disagree. This is
because, as stated earlier, Part 4 of the EA is intended to “[provide]
additional employment protection and benefits for the more vulnerable
employees who are engaged in manual labour or are paid lower wages” [emphasis
added] (see 2008 Parliamentary Statement). As such, and with respect, the
Judge’s view overlooks the very practical power imbalance between the employer
and the class of vulnerable employees who are protected by Part 4 of the EA.
It would not be realistic for an employee like the appellant, who has
travelled all the way from Bangladesh to find manual work in Singapore, to be
in a position to reject work required of him by his employer, the respondent.
It would be patently unfair and unreflective of the legislative purpose of
Part 4 of the EA if the employee who has, in effect, been compelled to work
beyond the Overtime Cap is then told that he or she cannot claim the overtime
pay concerned. This cannot be right. Indeed, the protective purpose of Part 4
has also been recognised by the courts in several cases (see, eg, the High
Court decisions of Hasan Shofiqul v China Civil (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2018] 5
SLR 511 at [49] and Chua Qwong Meng at [27], as well as the District Court
decision of Rodney Antony Brown v Interactive Enterprises Pte Ltd trading as
Morris Allen Study Centre [2016] SGMC 61 at [45]).

(3) The specific purpose of s 38(5) of the Employment Act is also to protect
employees

50 Furthermore, the relevant parliamentary debates also show that the
prevailing specific purpose of s 38(5) is to afford protection for employees
against onerous overtime work hours and is certainly not meant to prejudice
the employee by preventing him or her from claiming for overtime pay over the
Overtime Cap. This is evident from the then Acting Minister for Manpower Mr
Tan Chuan-Jin’s answers to the following questions in relation to the
contravention of overtime work limits (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (12 November 2012), vol 89):

… [S]ince 2005[,] (a) how many companies have applied for exemption from
Section 38(5) of the Employment Act with regard to the extent of overtime
work; (b) how many companies have contravened the Act due to overtime work
that exceeded the limits; and (c) whether allowing for such exemptions will
put workers from low-wage sectors at a disadvantage.

51 In his answer, Mr Tan Chuan-Jin explained that if employers require their
employees to work more than 72 hours of overtime in a month, they must apply
for an exemption from the Commissioner. He further explained that in granting
this exemption, the Ministry of Manpower “takes into account the company’s
operational requirements and the workers’ welfare[,] particularly their safety
and health[,] to make sure that they are not being compromised” [emphasis
added]. He added that the employers have to satisfy the Commissioner that they
have, among others, “obtained the consent of employees in extending their
overtime hours … [and that] they have a good record for maintaining both
health and safety as well as employment standards” [emphasis added]. As can be
seen, Mr Tan Chuan-Jin’s responses uniformly point to the employee’s welfare
as being the main focus of s 38(5). In fact, he also explained that the
failure to comply with s 38(5) is an offence under the law, and that between
2008 and 2011, 260 employers were found to have contravened the limit of
overtime work (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (12
November 2012), vol 89). As such, it is clear that the prevailing legislative
purpose behind s 38(5) is to protect employees against onerous overtime hours.

52 Nevertheless, to be fair to the Judge, he is correct that the legislative
purpose behind s 38(5) might have been different in the past. As I alluded to
above at [41], the primary purpose of s 38(5) when it was first introduced in
1968 was not to protect an employee from working too much overtime, but to
regulate and limit the amount of extra work that a worker could do in order to
generate employment for more people in Singapore. This was clearly explained
by the then Minister for Foreign Affairs and Minister for Labour, Mr S
Rajaratnam, who had said this in Parliament (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (10 July 1968), vol 27 at col 476):

… excessive overtime must be controlled, because it is a grievous anomaly and
a travesty of justice that some employees should earn more than 200 per cent
of their substantive pay as overtime at the expense of many of our unemployed
citizens who have as much right as they to work, earn and live reasonably
comfortable lives.

There is, therefore, an urgent need that the excessive benefits enjoyed by
some workers from overtime earnings should be spread over a wider field to
cover more persons. …

53 Be that as it may, the specific purpose of s 38(5) changed when Parliament
later amended s 38(5) to increase the permitted number of overtime hours from
48 to 72 through s 2 of the Employment (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 28/1972). At
the Second Reading of this Bill, the then Minister for Labour, Mr Ong Pang
Boon, stated that the “amendment is necessary in view of the near full
employment situation in Singapore, resulting in serious shortage of certain
categories of workers” (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report
(3 November 1972), vol 32 at col 327). This shows that, in the light of the
change in employment situation in Singapore, the purpose behind s 38(5) was no
longer to spread out employment opportunities. Instead, the purpose shifted to
protecting employees from onerous overtime hours, as Mr Ong Pang Boon (“Mr
Ong”) explained in a later speech in Parliament (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (19 March 1974), vol 33 at cols 340–341):

… Hours of work of employees are regulated by law so that their health and
welfare can be adequately safeguarded. The present limit on normal hours of
work of eight hours a day or 44 hours a week is considered fair and
reasonable. Under normal conditions an employee must be given the choice to
accept or reject a request from the employer to work overtime. … Making over-
time compulsory will not be in the interest of the employees. This is because
in certain types of industry or operations prolonged hours of working would
expose the workers to hazards which may be injurious to their health.
Furthermore, it would be difficult to ensure that employers are justified in
asking their employees to work over-time.

The problem of labour shortage cannot be solved by forcing workers to work
overtime at the whim and fancy of the employers, without due regard to the
health and well-being of the workers. The maximum hours of work are
specifically laid down in the Employment Act to protect the workers. All over
the world the trend is towards a shorter working week. The introduction of a
44-hour working week in 1968 had already taken into account the need of
industries as well as the health of the workers. Besides, the Employment Act
also provides for a maximum over-time of 72 hours a month and, in exceptional
circumstances, permission may be sought to exceed this limit. Instead of
compulsion, employers should think of offering better incentives and working
conditions to induce the workers to accept overtime work. …

[emphasis added]

Indeed, it will be observed that Mr Ong again highlighted in this speech that
there was a “problem of labour shortage”. This signifies that the change in
the employment situation in Singapore continued, and that the purpose behind s
38(5) remained to protect employees from onerous overtime hours that may be
imposed “at the whim and fancy of the employers, without due regard to the
health and well-being of the workers”.

54 Accordingly, I respectfully disagree with the Judge’s interpretation, which
is premised on the legislative purpose behind s 38(5) in 1968, but which did
not take into account subsequent changes, especially from 1972. In my
judgment, the legislative purpose behind s 38(5) is to afford protection for
employees against onerous overtime work hours.

55 Having ascertained the general purpose of Part 4 and the specific purpose
of s 38(5), I turn to compare the two possible interpretations of s 38(5)
against this purpose under the third stage of the Tan Cheng Bock framework. In
my view, the Judge’s interpretation would not further this purpose. It would
be inconsistent to say that s 38(5) is meant to protect an employee from
onerous overtime work hours but then turn a blind eye when an employee is in
fact asked to perform overtime beyond the Overtime Cap. Instead, I agree with
the appellant that the protection afforded to employees by s 38(5) must extend
to the consequences of exceeding the Overtime Cap. Thus, the proper
interpretation of s 38(5) must be that it does not prohibit an employee from
claiming his overtime pay for hours exceeding the Overtime Cap. To conclude
otherwise would allow employers to hide behind s 38(5) if the Overtime Cap
were exceeded, depriving vulnerable employees of what is due to them. This
would be antithetical to the purpose of s 38(5).

56 For completeness, while the appellant limits its interpretation of s 38(5)
to situations where “the employee was required or compelled by the employer to
perform such overtime work”, I do not need to decide whether this
qualification is correct. This is because it is undisputed in the present case
that the appellant was required by the respondent to work overtime.

Summary of conclusions in relation to s 38(5) of the Employment Act

57 In summary, through the process of statutory interpretation prescribed by
Tan Cheng Bock, I find first that the Judge’s interpretation and the
appellant’s interpretation are both possible interpretations of s 38(5). In
particular, so far as the appellant’s interpretation is concerned, I find that
it is a possible interpretation because s 38(5) does not expressly prohibit an
employee from claiming for overtime pay beyond the Overtime Cap. Furthermore,
the appellant’s interpretation of s 38(5) is also possible when the provision
is considered in the context of its surrounding provisions, which are all
aimed at protecting the employee’s interests. Finally, it is also important
that s 41A of the EA allows the Commissioner to exempt an employee from s
38(5). This must mean that it is possible for employee to work beyond the
Overtime Cap and yet be able to claim overtime pay for such work.

58 While the Judge’s interpretation and the appellant’s interpretation are
both possible interpretations of s 38(5), I find that the appellant’s
interpretation is better aligned with the legislative purpose of s 38 and Part
4 of the EA. First, the relevant parliamentary debates show that the
prevailing general purpose of Part 4, in which s 38(5) resides, is to afford
better protection for employees and improve employment standards. Second, the
relevant parliamentary debates also show that the prevailing specific purpose
of s 38(5) is to afford protection for employees against onerous overtime work
hours.

59 In my respectful view, the Judge’s interpretation is wrong because it is
premised on the previous legislative intention that has since been updated
through subsequent amendments to both s 38(5) as well as Part 4 of the EA.
Accordingly, it would be inconsistent to say that s 38(5) is meant to protect
an employee from onerous overtime work hours but then turn a blind eye when an
employee is in fact asked to perform overtime beyond the Overtime Cap and
thereafter claims for overtime pay.

There is no need to decide on whether the respondent can rely on s 38(5) of
the Employment Act as a defence

60 Given my conclusion above, I do not need to decide substantively whether
the respondent can rely on s 38(5) as a “defence” to the Overtime Pay Claim.
Instead, for the same reason in the preceding paragraph, it suffices for me to
observe that it would not be consistent with the purpose of s 38(5) to
conclude as such. Additionally, there is nothing in the words of s 38(5) that
suggests that it is meant to operate this way. On the contrary, s 132 of the
EA plainly says that the provisions of the EA do not prevent a civil claim
from being brought by an employee against his or her employer for breach or
non-performance of a contract of service, or vice versa. As such, I am
inclined to think that the respondent cannot rely on s 38(5) as a defence to
the appellant’s civil claim that is brought under the Employment Contract.
Nevertheless, as this issue does not arise before me, I say no more on this
point.

Conclusion

61 In conclusion, the appellant, Mr Rakib, was required by the respondent to
work hours beyond the Overtime Cap. Even though the respondent knew from
clause 6.4 of the Employment Contract that Mr Rakib was not to work beyond the
Overtime Cap, the respondent still required Mr Rakib to do so. Mr Rakib worked
those hours. He asked for his pay for overtime, albeit beyond the Overtime
Cap. The respondent hid behind the Overtime Cap. It refused to pay Mr Rakib.
Mr Rakib was compelled to sue the respondent. Upon an examination of the
relevant legislative purpose, I find it difficult to see how s 38(5), which is
ostensibly enacted to protect vulnerable employees like Mr Rakib from the
effects of onerous overtime hours, can be used to shield the respondent from
having to pay what is rightfully due to Mr Rakib. Mr Rakib should be
rightfully paid for the overtime hours he was required to work.

62 For the reasons I have summarised, I find that s 38(5) does not prohibit Mr
Rakib’s claim against the respondent for overtime pay beyond the Overtime Cap.
In the premises, I allow Mr Rakib’s appeal on the limited basis that he is
entitled to overtime pay beyond the Overtime Cap. I remit the case back to the
Judge to compute the additional amount that the respondent should pay to Mr
Rakib.

63 In closing, I thank Mr Melvin Chan, who appeared for the appellant, and Ms
Rebecca Chia, who appeared for the respondent, for their helpful submissions.
Unless the parties are able to agree on costs, they are to write in with their
submissions on the appropriate order within 14 days of this decision, limited
to 7 pages each.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Chan Kah Keen Melvin and Neo Zhi Wei Eugene (TSMP Law Corporation) for the
appellant;  
Chia Wei Lin Rebecca and Markus Kng Tian Sheng (JCP Law LLC) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Jun 2023 (21:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

