Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 294

Originating Claim No 139 of 2022 (Registrar’s Appeal No 84 of 2023)

Between

Spamhaus Technology Ltd (United Kingdom Registration No. 05078652)  
---  
  
… Claimant / Appellant

And

Reputation Administration Service Pte Ltd(Singapore UEN No. 200823284G)  
---  
  
… Defendant / Respondent

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Delay]

[Civil Procedure – Judgment entered in default of defence – Setting aside
default judgment]

[Contract — Formation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Spamhaus Technology Ltd

  
v

  

Reputation Administration Service Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 294

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 139 of 2022
(Registrar’s Appeal No 84 of 2023)  
Chan Seng Onn SJ  
14 August 2023

17 October 2023

Chan Seng Onn SJ:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the Assistant Registrar (the
“AR”) in HC/SUM 752/2023 (“SUM 752”) setting aside the Judgment in Default
(the “Default Judgment”).

2 I allowed the appeal and ordered that the Default Judgment be upheld. As the
respondent appealed against my decision, I set out my reasons below.

Background Facts

The parties

3 The appellant, Spamhaus Technology Ltd, is a company incorporated in the
United Kingdom and provides services relating to the filtering and control of
spam and/or unsolicited emails.

4 The respondent, Reputation Administration Service Pte Ltd, is a company
incorporated in Singapore and is in the business of providing information
technology and email services to various parties in Singapore. Mr Goel Adesh
Kumar (“Mr Goel”) is the representative and sole director of the respondent.

Suit 814 of 2019

5 On 1 March 2009, the respondent and Spamhaus Research Corporation (“SRC”), a
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, entered into a Reseller
Agreement (the “Reseller Agreement”). SRC terminated this agreement on 12
February 2019. On 16 August 2019, the appellant commenced HC/S 814/2019 (“Suit
814”) against the respondent (the “defendant” in Suit 814), alleging that the
defendant owed the appellant the sum of US$242,285.20 pursuant to the
defendant’s alleged breach of the Reseller Agreement, to which the appellant
was not a party.

6 On 17 December 2019, the appellant filed an application to obtain summary
judgment against the defendant in Suit 814 vide HC/SUM 6306/2019 (the “Summary
Judgment Application”). The Summary Judgment Application was dismissed at the
first instance. An appeal of this application in HC/RA 62/2022 was also later
dismissed on 19 March 2020.

7 At a pre-trial conference held on 25 April 2022, parties agreed to vacate
the trial in Suit 814 pending settlement talks between them.

The Settlement Agreement

8 From 26 April 2022 to 29 June 2022, negotiations on a settlement continued,
with a draft settlement agreement being produced (the “Settlement Agreement”).
In the course of negotiations, amendments were made to the terms of the
Settlement Agreement. The payment clause provided that the respondent was to
pay the settlement sum of US$75,000.00 to the appellant within 14 days of
receipt of a duly executed agreement from the appellant. An acceleration
clause further stipulated that the failure to pay this sum by the stipulated
time would render the full amount of US$251,359.75 immediately due and payable
(“acceleration clause”).

9 The respondent never signed the Settlement Agreement.

The appellant’s claim for a breach of the Settlement Agreement and the winding
up application in CWU 22 of 2023

10 On 7 July 2022, the appellant issued a letter of demand to the respondent
at its registered address, claiming the payment of the full outstanding amount
of US$251,359.75, and alleging the respondent’s failure to make payment of the
settlement sum of US$75,000.00 in accordance with the Settlement Agreement.

11 On 19 July 2022, the appellant filed HC/OC 139/OC (“OC 139”) against the
respondent for the sum of US$251,359.75, which it claimed was due under the
Settlement Agreement.

12 On 12 August 2022, the Default Judgment was entered against the respondent
for failing to file its Notice of Intention to Contest or Not Contest. The
Default Judgment was entered for the sum of US$251,359.75, with interest at
5.3% per annum from the date of the Originating Claim to Judgment and costs of
the action at $2,300.00.

13 Having obtained the Default Judgment, the appellant successfully sought
leave on 2 September 2022 to withdraw Suit 814 and filed a Notice of
Discontinuance in respect of the same.

14 On 3 February 2023, the appellant applied in HC/CWU 22/2023 (“CWU 22”) to
wind up the respondent.

The decision below

15 SUM 752 was heard on 19 April 2023 and the AR ordered that the Default
Judgment be set aside with costs of $2,500 (all in) to be paid by the
respondent to the appellant. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 April 2023 at pp 9–11.

16 The AR found that the principles set out in Mercurine Pte Ltd v Canberra
Development Pte Ltd [2008] 4 SLR(R) 907 (“Mercurine”) applied in such an
application to set aside a default judgment. The applicable test to determine
whether to set aside a default judgment hinged on the preliminary
consideration of whether the judgment was a regular or irregular default
judgment. The AR found that the Default Judgment was a regular default
judgment, notwithstanding a minor clerical error in the memorandum of service
whereby it was indicated that the originating claim was served on the
“Claimant” by the “Defendant”. This was a minor issue which did not prejudice
the respondent. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 April 2023 at paras 1–2.

17 Accordingly, on the basis that the default judgment sought to be set aside
was a regular default judgment, the core issue was whether the respondent
could establish a prima facie defence in the sense of showing that there were
triable or arguable issues (Mercurine at [60]). The burden was on the
respondent to establish the merits of its defence. In the AR’s view, the “only
issue” was whether there was a valid and enforceable agreement between the
parties despite the respondent having not executed the Settlement Agreement. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 April 2023 at para 3.

The AR found that the respondent had successfully raised a triable issue in
this regard because it was arguable that the Settlement Agreement was not
enforceable given that it had not been executed by the respondent. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 April 2023 at para 5.

Furthermore, the lack of a binding agreement was arguable in the face of an
email dated 29 June 2022 by the respondent’s representative, Mr Goel, who
referred to the settlement as merely a “proposed settlement” which the
appellant could reject. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 April 2023 at para 5.

In any event, if the appellant was arguing that a contract arose from the
email correspondence, this had to be pleaded specifically, which they failed
to do. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 April 2023 at para 5.

The parties’ cases

Appellant’s case

18 The appellant submitted that the AR erred in setting aside the Default
Judgment. The AR wrongly concluded that there was a triable issue as to
whether the Settlement Agreement was binding between the parties. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for HC/RA 84/2023 dated 23 May 2023 (“PWS”) at
para 9.

According to the appellant, the fact that the agreement had not been signed
was no bar to the formation of an agreement 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PWS at para 27.

because the chain of correspondence between the parties showed that the
parties had nonetheless reached a binding agreement on 13 May 2022 when the
respondent replied to accept the appellant’s proposed changes to the draft
Settlement Agreement and to request the respondent to send over an execution
ready agreement for the respondent’s action. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PWS at paras 10–11.

Alternatively, and at the very latest, an agreement would have been formed by
30 May 2022 when the respondent wrote back to the appellant, acknowledging the
respondent’s obligation to pay the sum under the Settlement Agreement. This
was evident when he stated that “[t]he intention and commitment of the parties
to ending this matter is unequivocal ... Funds are likely to be sent by the
end of this week or early next week.” 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PWS at paras 10–11.

19 The appellant also submitted that the AR erred in finding that no binding
agreement had been reached because in a later email of 29 June 2022, the
respondent had referred to the settlement as merely a “proposed settlement”
which the appellant was entitled to reject. According to the appellant, this
email was irrelevant as it came after the conclusion of the agreement on the
earlier dates of either 13 May 2022 or 30 May 2022. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PWS at para 17.

20 Further, the appellant argued that there was no triable issue in relation
to the respondent’s argument that there was uncertainty over the exact quantum
claimed by the appellant. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PWS at para 35.

The appellant submitted that there was no such uncertainty. The Default
Judgment for the sum of US$251,359.75 was consistent with the Settlement
Agreement which provided that the respondent was to pay the amount of
US$75,000, failing which the amount of US$251,359.75 would become payable.

21 Finally, the appellant contended that there was an inordinate delay by the
respondent in filing its application to set aside the Default Judgment. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PWS at para 4.

There was a long span of more than six months between the date when the
appellant obtained the Default Judgment on 12 August 2022 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Judgment in Default of a Notice of Intention to Contest or Not Contest dated
12 August 2022.

and the date when the respondent applied to set aside the Default Judgment on
20 March 2023. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Summons for Setting Aside Judgment / Order dated 20 March 2023.

There was no reasonable explanation for this delay given that OC 139 had been
served on the respondent at its registered office, which was a co-working
space. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PWS at para 4.

The receptionist stationed at the office would have brought the documents to
the attention of either the respondent or its representative, Mr Goel. This
was all the more likely in light of the fact that the receptionist at the co-
working space had earlier informed the respondent and/or Mr Goel of the
documents served in respect of CWU 22 on the very day that they had been
served at the co-working space on 13 February 2023. In any event, the
respondent could not reasonably explain its delay since Mr Goel had been
alerted of the imminent suit in OC 139 in an email from the appellant’s
solicitors sometime on 15 July 2022 just before the commencement of OC 139.
This email contained a letter of demand and an offer to settle in accordance
with the Rules of Court 2021, as well as a statutory demand which should have
alerted him to the fact that a lawsuit was imminent. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PWS at para 4.

Respondent’s case

22 The respondent urged this Court to uphold the AR’s decision to set aside
the Default Judgment. The respondent submitted that it had a prima facie
defence to the appellant’s claim arising from the following triable or
arguable issues: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions for HC/RA 84/2023 dated 23 May 2023 (“DWS”) at
para 11.

(a) Whether the Settlement Agreement was enforceable as it was left unsigned
and whether there was any binding contract concluded between the parties. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DWS at paras 13–16.

(b) Whether Suit 814 ought to be reinstated given that the appellant ought to
be estopped from commencing OC 139 on 19 July 2022 when, at the material time,
the underlying suit in Suit 814 was still pending. The appellant could not
simultaneously proceed on the Settlement Agreement in OC 139 alongside Suit
814 as the Settlement Agreement was meant to resolve and supersede the
appellant’s claims in Suit 814. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DWS at paras 17–22.

(c) Whether there was uncertainty over the exact quantum of the appellant’s
claim because the Default Judgment provided for the sum of US$251,359.75, and
yet the appellant had prayed for the alternative sums of US$75,000.00 and
US$251.359.75 in its own Statement of Claim. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DWS at paras 23–27.

Issues to be determined

23 The sole issue for my determination was whether the Default Judgment should
be set aside because the defence disclosed triable or arguable issues.

Whether the Default Judgment should be set aside

The applicable legal principles

24 The applicable legal principles were not in dispute and had been set out in
Mercurine. As noted by the AR, the preliminary issue for the Court to consider
was whether this was a regular or irregular default judgment. As the AR
rightly found, while there was a clerical error in the memorandum of service,
as it indicated that the originating claim was served on the “Claimant” by the
“Defendant”, this was a minor issue which did not cause any prejudice to the
respondent. In this appeal, the respondent did not dispute the AR’s finding
that the Default Judgment had been regularly obtained. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DWS at paras 4.4 and 5.

25 Accordingly, in assessing whether a regular judgment should be set aside,
the appropriate test was whether the defendant could establish a prima facie
defence in the sense of showing that there were triable or arguable issues
(Mercurine at [60]). The burden of showing that its defence raised triable
issues clearly rested on the respondent.

26 The defendant’s delay in applying to set aside the default judgment was
also a relevant consideration and could be determinative where there had been
undue delay. Generally, the longer the delay, the more cogent the merits of
the setting aside application would have to be (Mercurine at [30]–[36] and
[97]).

Whether there were triable issues raised

27 In my view, none of the arguments raised by the respondent showed that
there was a triable issue with respect to the appellant’s claim in OC 139.
First, a review of the correspondence showed that a binding contract had been
formed between the parties, notwithstanding that the Settlement Agreement had
not been executed by the respondent. Earlier at a hearing on 5 June 2023, I
had directed the appellant to show that the acceleration clause was agreed to
by the respondent’s representative, Mr Goel, and that this acceleration clause
had been contained in earlier versions of the Settlement Agreement exchanged
between the parties. Pursuant to this direction, the appellant’s
representative filed an affidavit setting out the relevant correspondence and
explaining that this was indeed the case. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Affidavit of Jonathan Leigh dated 14 June 2023 at para 3.

I now set out in detail the series of correspondence exchanged between the
parties.

28 Based on an email from the appellant’s solicitors dated 26 April 2022 at
7.33pm, the draft Settlement Agreement at that time provided as follows in
clause 1: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Affidavit of Jonathan Leigh dated 14 June 2023 at p 9.

1\. SETTLEMENT

1.1. The parties agree that [Reputation Administration Services Pte Ltd] shall
pay forthwith to STL the amount US$75,000.00 (all in) by 25th April 2022, 12pm
(GMT +8) i.e. Singapore Time.

1.2. If the amount of US$75,000.00 is not paid by the deadline, the full
amount of US$242,285.20 will become immediately due and payable forthwith to
[Spamhaus Technology Ltd].

1.3. Each Party is to bear its own legal costs.

29 The next day, on 27 April 2022 at 6.05pm, Mr Goel replied with the
following tracked changes to clause 1 (bolded and underlined for ease of
reference): 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Affidavit of Jonathan Leigh dated 14 June 2023 at p 17.

1\. SETTLEMENT

1.1. The parties agreement that [Reputation Administration Services Pte Ltd]
shall pay forthwith to [Spamhaus Technology Ltd] the amount US$75,000.00
within 21 days of receipt of a duly executed agreement from [Spamhaus
Technology Ltd].

1.2. Upon receipt of payment by [Spamhaus Technology Ltd], any and all
previous unsatisfied cost orders owed to each party will be nullified and
these cost orders will have no further effects.

1.3. If the amount of US$75.000.00 is not paid by the abovementioned deadline,
the full amount of US$251,359.75 will become immediately due and payable
forthwith to [Spamhaus Technology Ltd].

1.4. If payment as contemplated by clause 1.2 above is not provided,
[Reputation Administration Services Pte Ltd] will consent to judgement being
entered against it for the amount of US$251,359.75 in a Singapore Court.

1.5. Each Party is to bear its own legal costs with respect this settlement
agreement and any costs incurred as a result of the litigation.

1.6. Settlement is made without admission of liability on either side.

1.7. Within five (5) days of evidence of payment by [Reputation Administration
Services Pte Ltd], [Spamhaus Technology Ltd] will provide evidence of
application for discontinuance of proceeding and follow up with formal
notification when received from the Court evidencing discontinuance.

1.8. Parties are to bear their own bank fees with respect the settlement
payment.

1.9. Payment is to be made to [redacted].

[Emphasis in bold and underline]

30 Following the amendments above, the appellant’s solicitors followed up with
an amended Settlement Agreement stating that “[t]here are only two changes at
clauses 1.2 and 1.7 which we trust should be acceptable to you.” (emphasis
added). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Affidavit of Jonathan Leigh for HC/CWU 22/2023 dated 3 February 2023 at p 19.

I digress at this juncture to note that the appellant’s reference to a change
having been made to “clause 1.2” ought instead to have been “clause 1.1” where
a change had been made to reduce the time period for the respondent to make
payment from 21 days to 14 days. In response to the appellant’s email, the
respondent replied on 13 May 2022 at 11.54am that the “[t]he changes proposed
to clause 1.2 and 1.7 are accepted. Please forward an execution ready
agreement for my action and exchange with your client.” 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Affidavit of Jonathan Leigh for HC/CWU 22/2023 dated 3 February 2023 at p 19.

31 Following Mr Goel’s acceptance on 13 May 2022 at 11.54am, the appellant’s
solicitors followed up via email on 17 May 2022 at 11.19am with a “final
version of the Settlement Agreement”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Affidavit of Jonathan Leigh for HC/CWU 22/2023 dated 3 February 2023 at p 18.

The respondent was instructed to “[k]indly sign the document and send it back
to [the appellant]”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Affidavit of Jonathan Leigh for HC/CWU 22/2023 dated 3 February 2023 at p 18.

Thereafter on 20 May 2022 at 3.53pm, the appellant’s solicitors followed up
with a copy of the Settlement Agreement duly signed by the appellant. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Reply Affidavit of Jonathan Leigh dated 31 March 2023 at p 27 – 28.

This version of the Settlement Agreement dated 18 May 2022 set out clause 1 in
the following form (with the changes since the version dated 27 April 2022
bolded and underlined for convenience): 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Reply Affidavit of Jonathan Leigh dated 31 March 2023 at p 27 – 28; Affidavit
of Goel Adesh Kumar dated 17 March 2023 at pp 22–23.

1\. SETTLEMENT

1.1. The parties agreement that [respondent] shall pay forthwith to [the
appellant] the amount US$75,000.00 within 14 days of receipt of a duly
executed agreement from [the appellant].

1.2. Upon receipt of payment by [the appellant], any and all previous
unsatisfied cost orders owed to each party will be nullified and these cost
orders will have no further effect.

1.3. If the amount of US$75.000.00 is not paid by the abovementioned deadline,
the full amount of US$251,359.75 will become immediately due and payable
forthwith to [the appellant].

1.4. If payment as contemplated by clause 1.2 above is not provided, [the
appellant] will consent to judgement being entered against it for the amount
of US$251,359.75 in a Singapore Court.

1.5. Each Party is to bear its own legal costs with respect this settlement
agreement and any costs incurred as a result of the litigation.

1.6. Settlement is made without admission of liability on either side.

1.7. Within five (5) days following receipt of payment by [the Reputation
Administration Services Pte Ltd] into [Spamhaus Technology Ltd’s] nominated
bank account as stated at clause 1.9 below, [Spamhaus Technology Ltd] will
provide evidence of application for discontinuance of proceeding and follow up
with formal notification when received from the Court evidencing
discontinuance.

1.8. Parties are to bear their own bank fees with respect the settlement
payment.

1.9. Payment is to be made to [redacted].

[Emphasis in bold and underline]

32 From the exchange of correspondence above, it was clear to me that the
parties had agreed to all the terms in the draft Settlement Agreement on 13
May 2022. In the email from the appellant’s solicitors dated 6 May 2022 at
2.45pm, the appellant had forwarded an amended settlement agreement stating
that “[t]here are only two changes at clauses 1.2 and 1.7 which we trust
should be acceptable to you” [emphasis added]. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Affidavit of Jonathan Leigh for HC/CWU 22/2023 dated 3 February 2023 at p 19.

The respondent’s reply on 13 May 2022 at 11.54am that the “[t]he changes
proposed to clause 1.2 and 1.7 are accepted” 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Affidavit of Jonathan Leigh for HC/CWU 22/2023 dated 3 February 2023 at p 19.

constituted an acceptance by the respondent of the Settlement Agreement.
Having agreed to the “only two changes” in the draft settlement agreement, it
necessarily meant that the respondent had also implicitly accepted the other
terms within the Settlement Agreement. In other words, the respondent had
clearly and unequivocally agreed to all the terms of the Settlement Agreement.
An agreement was accordingly formed as of 13 May 2022 at 11.54am.

33 While I was alive to the force of the respondent’s argument that the
Settlement Agreement had yet to be signed, this did not preclude the formation
of a binding contract between the parties. It was not invariably the case that
a binding contract could only arise upon the signing of a written agreement by
all parties. Unsigned agreements could be found to be binding notwithstanding
that the written offer expressly provided that it was not binding until signed
and that one party had yet to sign the agreement: CUG v CUH [2022] 5 SLR 55 at
[87], citing Reveille Independent LLC v Anotech International (UK) Ltd [2016]
EWCA Civ 443 (“Reveille”) at [41]. This necessarily followed from the
elementary principle of contract law that a contract would arise where the
necessary ingredients for the formation of contact were present. In any case,
I was not persuaded that anything in the correspondence or draft agreements
precluded the conclusion of a binding agreement in the absence of a signature
by both parties.

34 With my finding that there was a concluded Settlement Agreement, I turn now
to examine its terms. Clause 1.1 of the agreement as amended had expressly
provided that the “[Reputation Administration Service Pte Ltd] shall pay
forthwith to [Spamhaus Technology Ltd] the amount US$75,000.00 within [14]
days of receipt of a duly executed agreement from [Spamhaus Technology Ltd]”.
This clause apparently contemplated the respondent being bound by the
aforementioned payment obligation notwithstanding that the Settlement
Agreement had not been signed or executed by the respondent. The respondent
was obliged to make payment of US$75,000 within 14 days from the time of
receipt of the duly executed agreement from the appellant. I would emphasise
that this clause with a payment time frame of 21 days was added by the
respondent itself, but it was subsequently amended by the appellant to a
payment time frame of 14 days, and respondent later agreed to this amendment.

35 If the US$75,000 was not paid within the stipulated 14 days, the
acceleration clause found within clause 1 would be immediately triggered. This
acceleration clause, which formed the core of the appellant’s claim in OC 139
was specifically agreed to by the respondent. Any argument by the respondent
that the acceleration clause had only been sprung on the respondent at a late
stage such that the respondent could not have or did not agree to the
acceleration clause would have failed. I was satisfied that the clause had
always been included in the drafts from the very beginning; it had not been
added at a late stage. The changes made by the respondent to the draft clauses
showed that the acceleration clause was expressly affirmed by the respondent.
In fact, it was the respondent itself which first proposed the addition of
clause 1.4 in the draft dated 27 April 2022 that it would consent to judgment
being entered against it for the amount of US$251,359.75 if it failed to make
payment pursuant to clause 1.2.

36 My view that an agreement had been formed on 13 May 2022 by the unequivocal
acceptance of the respondent was reinforced by its subsequent conduct. In this
regard, I was cognisant that the issue of whether subsequent conduct was
admissible in determining the formation of a contract remained unsettled in
our courts. According to the Court of Appeal in Simpson Marine (SEA) Pte Ltd v
Jiacipto Jiaravanon [2019] 1 SLR 696 (“Simpson Marine”) at [78]–[79], the
court observed that while “[t]he admissibility and relevance of subsequent
conduct in the formation and interpretation of contracts has yet to receive
detailed scrutiny this court” and the court had declined to express any firm
views on this issue, it stated that “evidence of subsequent conduct has
traditionally been regarded as admissible and relevant.”: see also Chitty on
Contracts (Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2019) at paras
13-136. However, in the recent decision of the Court of Appeal in The “Luna”
[2021] 2 SLR 1054 (“Luna”) at [34], the court appeared to have aligned itself
in favour of the admissibility of subsequent conduct. The court observed in
Luna at [34] that the distinction in approach to the consideration of
subsequent conduct between cases involving the interpretation of contracts and
cases involving the formation of contracts was “justified on the basis of
principle and authority”. In making this observation, it specifically cited
its earlier observations in Simpson Marine at [78] that evidence of subsequent
conduct had traditionally been regarded as admissible and relevant where the
court was ascertaining whether a contract had been formed.

37 Assuming then that subsequent conduct would be admissible to assess the
formation of a contract, I was satisfied that my conclusion that an agreement
had been formed on 13 May 2022 by the acceptance of the respondent was
reinforced by its subsequent conduct. Subsequent emails from Mr Goel dated 23
May 2022 and 30 May 2022 expressly acknowledged the respondent’s obligation to
pay the sums due under the Settlement Agreement. In the email dated 23 May
2022 at 9.59pm, Mr Goel acknowledged that “the return of the [executed
document] will not impact my sending the settlement funds agreed to your
client – likely before the end of May”. Later, on 30 May 2022 at 4.39pm, Mr
Goel once again confirmed that “the intention and commitment of the parties to
ending this matter is unequivocal” and that the appellant “will be receiving
the funds shortly”. Mr Goel added that the appellant “need to be patient for
this short delay from what was expected on both side when we agreed [sic] the
settlement terms”. From these emails, the respondent had operated on the basis
that there was already a binding Settlement Agreement. Specifically, Mr Goel
had expressly confirmed that funds would likely reach the appellant “before
the end of May”. This would have been premised on the recognition on Mr Goel’s
part that clause 1.1 required payment to be made within 14 days of receipt of
the executed copy of the Settlement Agreement from the appellant, a copy of
which was in fact received by the respondent on 17 May 2022 at 11.19am.

38 A draft agreement could have contractual force if essentially all the terms
had been agreed and their subsequent conduct indicated this. This was so even
if the parties did not comply with a requirement that to be binding the
agreement would have to be signed: Reveille at [41], citing the UK Supreme
Court decision of RTS Flexible Systems Ltd v Molkerei Alois Müller GmbH & Co
KG (UK Production) [2010] 1 WLR 753 at [54]–[56]. As I observed above at [33],
neither the draft Settlement Agreement nor the parties’ correspondence
disclosed that parties stipulated that a binding agreement could only arise
upon the signature of both parties. Even if there had been such a stipulation,
I was nonetheless satisfied that parties had reached an agreement on the terms
set out in the Settlement Agreement before 23 May 2022, with the precise date
being 13 May 2022.

39 The respondent relied further on a subsequent email it had sent to the
appellant on 29 June 2022 at 10.24am which suggested that the settlement
reached was merely a “proposed settlement” to which the appellant was still,
at that point, entitled to reject. I was unable to accept that this unilateral
reference to the tentative nature of the settlement could negative the
Settlement Agreement already concluded on 13 May 2022. If anything, it could
even amount to a repudiatory breach by the respondent that it would not comply
with its obligations under the Settlement Agreement. However, as the appellant
did not plead a repudiatory breach by the respondent, I would say no more on
this issue.

40 The respondent claimed further that it could not have and did not agree to
the terms set out in the Settlement Agreement because Mr Goel was, up to that
point, still attempting to confirm the availability of funds to make payment.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defence at p 7.

This argument could not hold water. Whatever the respondent’s subjective chain
of thought might have been, this was irrelevant where, as explained above, an
agreement had been formed as seen from the objective indicators, namely the
parties’ correspondence. In any case, the respondent’s claim that it could not
confirm the availability of funds conflated the performance of its contractual
obligations under the contract with the formation of the contract itself.

41 For completeness, I was unable to agree with the AR’s reasoning that the
appellant could not rely on the purported formation of the Settlement
Agreement by correspondence in the absence of execution by the respondent
because the appellant had not specifically pleaded a contract arising from the
correspondence. The appellant’s pleadings in its Statement of Claim referred
to the formation of the agreement by correspondence, as at paragraph 8, it
stated that “the terms of a settlement agreement (“Settlement Agreement”) ...
were finalised and agreed by Defendant on 13 May 2013”.

42 It leaves me at this point to address the two other potentially triable
issues raised by the respondent, namely:

(a) Whether Suit 814 ought to be reinstated given that the appellant ought to
be estopped from commencing OC 139 on 19 July 2022 when, at the material time,
the underlying suit in Suit 814 was still pending.

(b) Whether there was uncertainty over the exact quantum of the appellant’s
because the Default Judgment provided for the sum of US$251,359.75, and yet
the appellant had prayed for the alternative sums of US$75,000.00 and
US$251.359.75 in its own Statement of Claim.

43 To my mind, none of these raised a triable issue. Regarding the first
issue, this was moot given that the appellant had since successfully obtained
leave to withdraw Suit 814, and a notice of discontinuance had been filed
since. As for the second issue, there was no uncertainty as to the quantum
claimed by the appellant as its claim was premised on the express terms of the
Settlement Agreement, which provided essentially that the amount of US$75,000
was the amount to be paid as agreed by the parties in the Settlement
Agreement, failing which the amount of US$251,359.75 would become immediately
due and payable forthwith. The Default Judgment correctly provided for the
judgment sum of US$251,359.75 in light of the respondent’s failure to make
payment of the sum of US$75,000.

Whether there was an inordinate delay by the respondent in filing the present
application to set aside the Default Judgment

44 Lastly, the appellant submitted that there was an inordinate delay on the
respondent’s part in filing the application to set aside the Default Judgment,
such that this ought to be an additional reason weighing against the
respondent. While this would not be dispositive of the present appeal, I would
nonetheless record my view that there was a reasonable explanation on the
respondent’s part for its delay. The appellant stressed that it was
“impossible” 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PWS at para 4.

that Mr Goel had not once caught wind of the Default Judgment in the seven
months between the time when the Default Judgment was entered on 12 August
2022 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Judgment in Default of a Notice of Intention to Contest or Not Contest dated
12 August 2022.

and the time when the respondent applied to set aside the Default Judgment on
20 March 2023. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Summons for Setting Aside Judgment / Order dated 20 March 2023.

However, this was, to my mind, speculative. I accepted Mr Goel’s explanation
that the respondent was only made aware of the Default Judgment when the
appellant served the affidavit of Jonathan Leigh filed in support of its
application to wind up the respondent in CWU 22 on 13 February 2023 at the
respondent’s registered office, a co-working space. In particular, Mr Goel
first caught wind of the Default Judgment via an email from the receptionist
of the co-working space regarding certain documents addressed to him. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Affidavit of Goel Adesh Kumar dated 17 March 2023 at p 41.

According to this email dated 13 February 2023, the documents were stated to
“have just arrived” for Mr Goel. This supported Mr Goel’s explanation for his
belated notice of the Default Judgment. Accordingly, there was a reasonable
explanation for the delay on the respondent’s part in filing the application
to set aside the Default Judgment.

Conclusion

45 For the reasons above, I allowed this appeal and ordered the Default
Judgment to be restored. The costs of this appeal were fixed at $4,000 all-in
to be paid by the respondent to the appellant.

Chan Seng Onn  
Senior Judge  
---  
  
Han Wah Teng (CTLC Law Corporation) for the appellant;

Glenda Lim (Aequitas Law LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Oct 2023 (15:31 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

