Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Family Justice Courts of the Republic of Singapore

[2023] SGHCF 32

Suit No 4 of 2019

Between

(1) WHR

(2) WHS

(both suing as Executors of the Last Will and Testament dated 25 March 1999
and Codicil dated 6 August 2008 of LLT, deceased)

… Plaintiffs

And

(1) WHT

(2) WHU

(3) WHV

(4) WHW

(5) WHX

(6) WHY

(7) WHZ

(8) WIA

(9) WIB

(10) WIC

(11) WID

(12) WIF

(13) WIH

(14) WIG

… Defendants

judgment

[Succession and Wills—Codicils]

[Succession and Wills—Testamentary Capacity]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WHR and another

  
v

  

WHT and others

[2023] SGHCF 32

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Suit No 4 of 2019  
Choo Han Teck J  
5-6 July and 31 October 2022, 15-17 May 2023, 10 July 2023

19 July 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 LLT was born in China on 3 March 1917 but emigrated to Singapore in 1935
when he was 18 years old. He first worked as a watch repairer for his uncle,
but eventually started his own business selling luxury watches wholesale. That
business grew, and by the time he died on 13 March 2009 at the age of 92, he
had amassed a large estate that included his business and several real
properties. He left behind seven children:

(a) The 2nd Defendant, born in 1943;

(b) The 3rd Defendant, born in 1946;

(c) The 4th Defendant, born in 1947;

(d) The 5th Defendant, born in 1950;

(e) The 1st Defendant, born in 1953;

(f) The 6th Defendant, born in 1955; and

(g) The 1st Plaintiff, born in 1957.

LLT also had many grandchildren, including the 2nd Plaintiff and the 7th to
13th Defendants. The 14th Defendant is LLT’s adopted goddaughter who has been
living in Indonesia. After his death, LLT’s estate remained unadministered,
and about five years later, on 9 October 2014, the 1st and 2nd Defendants
filed caveats against the grant of probate in LLT’s estate, and on 23 February
2015, they asked their siblings to state their intention to apply for a grant
of letters of administration to administer the estate. On 3 March 2015, the
1st Plaintiff, and the 3rd to 5th Defendants informed the 1st and 2nd
Defendants that the 1st Plaintiff had found the key to a safe belonging to
LLT.

2 A meeting of the children was convened at LLT’s office to open the safe.
There, on 8 March 2015, a Will dated 25 March 1999 (the “Will”) and a Codicil
dated 6 August 2008 (the “Codicil”) was read for the first time, in the
presence of LLT’s children. Under the Will, all the Defendants, with the
exception of the 3rd, 5th, 12th and 13th Defendants, are pecuniary legatees.
The Plaintiffs, together with the 3rd, 5th, 12th and 13th Defendants, are
residuary legatees. The 2nd Plaintiff and the 12th Defendant are specific
legatees of shares in [D] Pte Ltd a company that owns two properties in
Duchess Road, and the 13th Defendant is a specific legatee of another
property, also in Duchess Road. The 2nd Plaintiff is the son of the 3rd
Defendant. The plaintiffs are co-executors under the Will.

3 The Codicil expanded the Will so that LLT’s properties in Duchess Road were
bequeathed to his three grandsons. The pecuniary legatees’ entitlement under
the Will was also changed. A cap of $6,600,000.00 was placed on the amount to
be paid out to the cash beneficiaries, and the source of funds from which the
monies were to be paid out was also specified. This latter provision meant
that if there were any shortfall, the beneficiaries would only be entitled to
a pro-rated amount based on their entitlements under the Codicil.

4 Shortly after the reading of the Will and Codicil, the 1st and 2nd
Defendants disputed the validity of the Will and Codicil, and asked that they
be proved. When the Plaintiffs took no action, the 1st and 2nd Defendants
issued a Citation on 8 June 2018 for the Will and Codicil to be propounded and
sought for a grant of Letters of Administration. The 1st and 2nd Defendants
were unable to serve the Citation on the Plaintiffs and thus applied for a
grant of ad colligenda bona on 27 February 2019 to enable them to deal with
the assets of the estate of LLT. The Plaintiffs then commenced this action to
prove the Will and Codicil.

5 In these proceedings, the 1st, 2nd, and 6th Defendants are the only parties
disputing the Will and Codicil (the “Opposing Defendants”). The other
Defendants support the Plaintiffs’ application and do not dispute the validity
of the Will and Codicil. In opposing the application to prove the Will and
Codicil, the Opposing Defendants have not pleaded a positive case as to why
the Will and Codicil are not valid. They merely require the Plaintiffs to
prove the Will and Codicil. They were content to have counsel cross-examine
the Plaintiffs’ witnesses. In essence, their case is simply that the
Plaintiffs bear the burden of proving the Will and Codicil, and that burden
was not sufficiently discharged. They asserted, through counsel’s cross-
examination only, that LLT was not aware of and did not approve the contents
of the Will and the Codicil when he executed them. None of the Opposing
Defendants gave evidence.

6 The first requirement in these proceedings is for the court to be satisfied
that the documents were duly executed in ordinary circumstances where the
testator was not known to be suffering from any kind of mental disability.
This will determine whether or not the presumption of testamentary capacity
has been raised, thus shifting the burden of proof to the parties disputing
the validity of the Will and Codicil. As the Will and Codicil were executed
nine years apart, their validity must be determined independently of each
other. The Plaintiffs’ evidence is as follows.

7 Around February or March 1999, LLT’s friend, one Mr Ho Sai Kee (“HSK”),
introduced him to Ms Evelyn Ho (“EH”), HSK’s daughter. EH is an advocate and
solicitor in Singapore since 1991, specialising in corporate, conveyancing and
family matters. It was not disputed that LLT was illiterate and could converse
only in the Cantonese dialect. EH grew up in a Cantonese speaking household
and could converse fluently in the Cantonese dialect.

8 EH testified that in or around early March 1999, LLT called her on the
phone, following the recommendation of HSK. EH then met LLT a few days later
at a Japanese café in the Paragon Mall along Orchard Road. Throughout the
meeting, EH and LLT conversed in the Cantonese dialect. LLT gave EH a list of
his family members, including their names, ages, identification numbers and
their relationship with him. This said list was duly annexed in EH’s affidavit
of evidence-in-chief. LLT then gave detailed instructions to EH regarding his
Will. EH made handwritten notes of his instructions.

9 A few days later, on 25 March 1999, LLT executed the Will at EH’s office. At
EH’s office, he told EH that he had changed his mind and decided to give the
4th and 6th Defendants a cash legacy. EH testified that she then amended the
draft Will on her computer, had it engrossed, and explained the amended will
to LLT. LLT then signed at the execution block of the Will, in the presence of
Ms B (“B”), who was a secretary of another law firm, and EH , the two
witnesses to the execution of the Will in accordance with the statutory
requirements.

10 In these proceedings, the Opposing Defendants say that the Will and Codicil
were prepared under “suspicious circumstances”. However, as the case unfolded,
it became clear that the misgivings of the Opposing Defendants regarding the
circumstances concern only the Codicil executed in 2008, and not the Will that
was executed in 1999. The Opposing Defendants did not allege that LLT did not
possess the mental capacity to execute the Will, nor was it the case that, as
with the Codicil, that someone other than LLT was substantially involved in
the preparation of the Will. There is no evidence of suspicious circumstances,
and therefore, I am satisfied that the Will was validly executed in 1999, but
nonetheless, I will deal with the submissions regarding the suspicious
circumstances concerning the Will before I deal with the submissions regarding
the Codicil.

11 So far as the circumstances surrounding the Will are concerned, counsel for
the 1st and 2nd Defendants, Mr William Ong, was content to challenge the
testimonies of the Plaintiff’s witnesses, and he based his final submissions
accordingly. First, he picked at EH’s evidence that LLT did not initially plan
to give the 4th and 6th Defendants anything because he had already given them
shares in one of his companies, [C] Pte Ltd, but he subsequently changed his
mind and decided to give them a cash gift of $250,000 each. Mr Ong says that
the decision to give an equal amount of the $250,000 cash to the 4th and 6th
Defendant suggests that LLT must have wrongly thought that these two
Defendants held equal shares in [C] Pte Ltd. By this argument, counsel assumes
that LLT intended for the cash gift to be given in the same proportion as
their shareholding in [C] Pte Ltd. But there is no evidence to support this
assumption.

12 Secondly, Mr Ong pointed out the inconsistency in EH’s evidence in respect
of the proportion of the estate to be given to the 3rd Defendant. Mr Ong says
that whereas EH had averred on affidavit that LLT’s instructions to her at
Paragon was for the 3rd Defendant to get half a share, the evidence she gave
at trial was that LLT instructed her to give the 3rd Defendant one share,
being the same as all the residuary legatees. Following the questions asked by
Ms Anna Oei, counsel for the 3rd and 5th Defendants, EH then accepted that the
instruction for the 3rd Defendant to get half a share only happened at the
meeting on 25 March 1999 when the Will was executed. I accept that there were
inconsistencies in EH’s evidence. However, this was EH’s recollection of
details which occurred over two decades ago and some lapses in memory are
inevitable. What is crucial, however, was that the instructions for the 3rd
Defendant to receive 0.5 shares out of the six shares to be distributed among
the residual legatees (and which was eventually reflected in the Will as 1/12
of LLT’s estate), was properly reflected in the Will when LLT signed the Will.

13 Finally, Mr Ong says that it is not clear that the Will was in fact
explained to LLT by EH. Mr Ong points to B’s testimony that she was not in the
room when the Will was read over to LLT, but was only present for the
appending of his signature to the execution block. Accordingly, Mr Ong submits
that the evidence of EH must be treated with due circumspection. I am of the
view that this does not rebut the presumption that LLT knew and approved of
the contents of the Will. First, although B was not in the room when EH read
back the contents of the Will to LLT, she affirmed on affidavit that “EH said
to LLT in Cantonese that the contents of the Will had been explained and for
him to sign the Will if he deemed correct”. This evidence was not challenged
at trial. Secondly, no evidence was led by Mr Ong to question the mental
capacity of LLT. I am satisfied that LLT was aware of his conduct and dealings
and was amply capable of giving instructions to EH concerning his legacy — he
was able to seek out a Cantonese speaking solicitor, recount his family tree
and properly justify the rationality of his desired distribution.

14 This brings me to Mr Ong’s final point. Counsel submits that there was no
evidence that EH had taken full instructions from LLT at Paragon, and if she
had, the instructions were not accurately reflected in the Will. I find to the
contrary, the fact that LLT requested EH to make amendments to the Will on the
day of execution (as corroborated by B), meant that LLT must have been
apprised of the contents of the Will. Further, it is not Mr Ong’s case that
the Will that LLT signed did not accurately include the amendments which he
had requested. Neither does the evidence support that submission. Accordingly,
I am of the view that the presumption that LLT possessed testamentary capacity
in relation to the Will remains unrebutted.

15 As far as the evidence shows, I am of the view that the Will had been duly
executed and there is no dispute as to the mental capacity of LLT at the
material time. The onus is on the Defendants to prove that the Will is not
valid, and the grant of probate ought not to be issued. None of the Defendants
(including the Opposing Defendants) testified, or called evidence from other
witnesses. I thus find that the Will dated 25 March 1999 is valid and so
declare.

16 I now consider the validity of the Codicil. As with the Will, the question
is whether the presumption of testamentary capacity arises. EH testified that
she had three meetings with the 1st Plaintiff and LLT regarding the Codicil —
the first on 7 July 2008, the second on 22 July 2008 and the third on 6 August
2008, when the Codicil was executed.

17 The first meeting was initiated by the 1st Plaintiff, who called EH and
told her that LLT would like to bequeath the Duchess Road properties to his
grandchildren (E, K and J). Accordingly, EH attended at LLT’s office. The 1st
Plaintiff was also present. A number of instructions were given by LLT to EH
at this meeting.

18 EH was given a hand-drawn chart of the corporate structure of [D] Pte Ltd —
the company that owned two of the Duchess Road properties. [D] Pte Ltd was, in
turn, owned by LLT, the 1st Plaintiff, the 3rd Defendant and the 5th
Defendant, in equal shares. LLT wanted the 1st Plaintiff, 3rd, and 5th
Defendants to transfer their shares in [D] Pte Ltd to E and K. EH says that
LLT told the 1st Plaintiff to convey his instructions to the 3rd and 5th
Defendants, but the 1st Plaintiff declined and suggested that LLT do so
personally — which he did. The 3rd and 5th Defendants agreed to transfer their
shares as LLT directed. Accordingly, EH advised LLT that the shares could be
transferred by way of a trust deed, executed by each of the three siblings.

19 Secondly, EH testified that the 1st Plaintiff asked LLT how the pecuniary
legatees would be paid if the estate had insufficient funds. LLT’s
instructions were that if there were insufficient cash, the pecuniary legatees
would have to share the reduced cash legacy in the same proportion as under
the Will.

20 Finally, EH asked LLT whether he wished to execute a new will or execute a
codicil. She explained the difference between the two, and LLT chose the
latter. This concluded the meeting on 7 July 2008.

21 On 22 July 2008, EH went to LLT’s office again. EH testified that LLT
instructed her that the cash legacy was to be paid only out of cash in hand,
deposits with banks or financial companies, and monies receivable or debts due
to him. EH testified that LLT made clear that this pool was to exclude loans
to companies, which he had interests as a director or a shareholder, which
have not been repaid. EH admitted that this was an amendment to her AEIC, in
which she said that these instructions were given to her on 7 July 2008, not
22 July as she told the court.

22 On 6 August 2008, EH met LLT at his office to execute the trust deeds of
the 1st Plaintiff, the 3rd Defendant, and the 5th Defendant, as well as the
Codicil. EH then explained the contents of the Codicil to LLT in Cantonese,
after which LLT signed on both the original copies of the Codicil. EH and Mr W
(“W”), an advocate and solicitor who is also the husband of EH,then signed as
witnesses to the Codicil.

23 In their closing submissions, Mr Ong, and Ms Poon Pui Yee (counsel for the
6th Defendant), argue that there ought not be a presumption of testamentary
capacity because the Codicil was prepared under “suspicious circumstances”.
First, they say that the Codicil was prepared by the 1st Plaintiff, who took a
substantial benefit under it, and who was heavily involved in the procurement
of its execution. Secondly, they say that there were significant changes made
by the Codicil to the original Will that largely benefitted him and his son.
Thirdly, they submit that LLT did not have access to independent legal advice,
suggesting that there was a potential conflict of interests given that the 1st
Plaintiff and EH had an ongoing commercial relationship for other conveyancing
matters. Fourthly, they say that LLT was feeble and that his mental capacity
was not confirmed by a medical practitioner. Lastly, they point to the delay
of 1st Plaintiff in making known to the family that LLT had left a Will and
Codicil.

24 I accept that the Plaintiffs should bear the burden of propounding the
validity of the Codicil, given the involvement of 1st Plaintiff, who benefited
from the Codicil through the reduction of the pool of funds from which the
pecuniary legatees would receive their cash benefits. I agree with the 1st and
2nd Defendants that 1st Plaintiff would be a beneficiary of this insertion
given that he was a shareholder and director of the companies whose loans were
excluded by that clause. Thus, in this context, the 1st Plaintiff’s
involvement in the Codicil may give rise to suspicion. But there is no
evidence that enables me to find anything on his part that ought to vitiate
the Codicil. I am satisfied that the plaintiffs have discharged their burden
to prove the Codicil in solemn form.

25 The mental capacity of LLT when the Codicil was executed is crucial. The
Plaintiffs rely on the evidence of EH that LLT’s speech was “clear and his
instructions were very specific. He was lucid.” They also relied on the
evidence of LLT’s nurse, John Leong (“Nurse Leong”), who testified that he had
always known LLT to be “very mentally alert and had a fairly good memory” and
that “[he] never observed any issue with or deterioration in his mental
ability, alertness and rationality”. On the contrary, the Opposing Defendants
relied on records of the nurse who took the night shift when Nurse Leong was
off duty, where the night nurse noted on multiple occasions that LLT had
lapses in his memory. The specific phrase used was “memory on and off”. It was
noted that LLT “forgot the dinner” on one occasion. Counsel for the 1st and
2nd Defendants suggested that LLT’s memory lapses might have been caused by
the medication he was taking, but as I indicated to counsel during trial, such
an assertion would only be of utility if backed by the testimony of an expert,
of which none was called. Furthermore, Nurse Leong was quick to refute that
suggestion when he took the stand. He testified that he had been helping to
administer the medication for LLT and he recalled vividly that LLT was
mentally alert to his own affairs. He rejects Mr Ong’s suggestion that LLT was
mentally unsound because he had forgotten whether he had his dinner on one
occasion. During cross-examination, it was suggested to Nurse Leong that LLT
was fairly lethargic given the number of naps he took each day. Nurse Leong
disagreed, and stated that it was common for patients of LLT’s age to take
naps, and that it does not indicate a “mental lethargy”. Furthermore, he
testified that LLT was coherent, sound, and mentally alert in all the time he
had looked after him. This was not a nurse who filled in one or two occasions
but a regular nurse who had worked for LLT for three years, beginning in 2006.
He appeared to me forthright and professional, and I have no hesitation in
accepting his evidence.

26 There is thus this discrepancy between the testimony of Nurse Leong and EH,
and the night nurse. The night nurse did not give evidence. I find that on the
balance of probabilities, LLT possessed the requisite mental capacity to
execute the Codicil. I do not think that occasional memory lapses without
more, meant that LLT lacked the capacity to understand his affairs. Mr Ong’s
references to the night nurse’s notes were incomplete and ambiguous — every
notation of “memory on and off” by the night nurse was prefaced by the words
“Stable & alert”. Moreover, apart from the records and testimony of Nurse
Leong, who had been dutifully attending to the nursing needs of LLT since
2006, LLT was able to convey instructions concerning the Codicil. For example,
it was not disputed by the Opposing Defendants that LLT was the one who asked
the 3rd and 5th Defendants to give their shares in [D] Pte Ltd to E and K.

27 Mr Ong questioned whether EH in fact explained and read back the Codicil to
LLT before he signed it on 6 August 2008. In this regard, none of the Opposing
Defendants have adduced any evidence to dispute EH’s testimony that she did.
In fact, when EH was asked by Mr Ong to re-enact to the Court how she
explained clause 4 of the Codicil to LLT in Cantonese, she did so fluently. As
the Court of Appeal held in Chee Mu Lin Muriel v Chee Ka Lin Caroline (Chee
Ping Chian Alexander and another, interveners) [2010] 4 SLR 373 (at [48]),
evidence that the testamentary instrument was read back to the testator is
affirmative evidence of the testator’s knowledge and approval. On the totality
of the evidence, I accept the testimony of EH on the balance of probabilities
that she had read and explained the contents of the Codicil to LLT, and that
he gave his approval when he signed it.

28 The 1st and 2nd Defendants suggested several reasons as to why the
Plaintiffs have not shown that LLT possessed testamentary capacity. Among
them:

(a) that EH did not comply with LLT’s instructions concerning the declaration
of trust, but I think this point is immaterial, as the trust deeds and the
Codicil are separate documents, and in any event, I have found that LLT
affirmed the final version of the Codicil and signed it;

(b) that it was the 1st Plaintiff, and not LLT, who gave instructions to EH
about the terms of the Codicil, but again, even if that were so, I accept that
the 1st Plaintiff was merely conveying LLT’s instructions to EH. There is
neither allegation nor proof of undue influence;

(c) that there was a conflict of interest between 1st Plaintiff and EH because
of other ongoing commercial dealings between them, but in the same vein, EH
had also acted for the other children of LLT;

(d) that LLT did not in fact give any instructions at all, and that it was the
1st Plaintiff who made all the suggestions. This seems to be irrelevant once
it has been proved, as I so find, that the Codicil was read back and explained
to LLT’s satisfaction;

(e) that LLT did not appreciate the source of funding for the cash gifts, but
this is inconsistent with the unrefuted evidence of EH that LLT did not wish
to sell any asset to ensure there was cash; and

(f) that the 1st Plaintiff was not forthcoming in revealing that there was a
Will and Codicil, while he was managing the finances of the estate all this
time. I accept that this seems that the 1st Plaintiff had some ulterior
motive, but without more, it will be wrong to extrapolate that into a grand
theory, duly proved by the speculation of a hidden agenda, that LLT did not
make the Codicil of his own volition and was not possessed of sound mind when
he did. Were we to embark on an inquiry as to motives, the motives of the 1st
and 2nd Defendants may also have to be similarly examined (Ms Anna Oei,
counsel for the 3rd and 5th Defendants, suggests that the 1st and 2nd
Defendants stand to gain much more were the Will and Codicil be found to be
invalid), and given the many issues concerning other matters that the family
may yet fight over, that exercise may yet be carried out –— but not in these
proceedings as there was neither a clear set of pleadings nor any evidence
that require such an inquiry to be made.

29 As no witnesses were called on behalf of the Opposing Defendants, and in
the absence of any evidence contrary to that adduced by the Plaintiffs, I find
that the Will and Codicil had been validly executed by LLT, and declare that
they are proved in solemn form.

30 Under r 855 of the Family Justice Rules 2014, no order as to costs should
be made unless the Court finds that the opposition to a testamentary
instrument was without reasonable grounds. In the light of the suspicious
circumstance that I found above, including the delay of seven years, I will
not say that that there was no reasonable ground to oppose the Codicil
(although I think it is quite clear there was no reasonable ground to oppose
the Will). However, as trial unfolded, it became clear from the cross-
examination of counsel for the Opposing Defendants that they were unable to
find a reason to oppose the Codicil. Nonetheless, on the whole, I think that
it will be fair to order that each party bears his own costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Tan Teng Muan and Loh Li Qin (UniLegal LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
William Ong, Tan Xeauwei, Racheal Wong Shu Yi, Alfred Li (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) (instructed) and Goh Kok Yeow (De Souza Lim & Goh LLP) for 1st and 2nd
defendants;  
Anna Oei Ai Hoea and Christine Chuah Hui Fen (Tan, Oei & Oei LLC) for 3rd and
5th Defendants;  
Sarbjit Singh Chopra and Loh Weijie, Leonard (Selvam LLC) for 4th, 7th to 14th
Defendants;  
Hee Theng Fong, Poon Pui Yee and Cherrilynn Chia (Harry Elias Partnership LLP)
for 6th Defendant;  
Philip Ling (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for Non-Party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 07 Aug 2023 (15:16 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

