Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 119

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9139 of 2022

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Cheng Chang Tong  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Principles]

[Road Traffic — Offences — Careless driving — Repeat and serious offender]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Cheng Chang Tong

[2023] SGHC 119

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9139 of 2022  
See Kee Oon J  
24 February 2023

3 May 2023

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 In Public Prosecutor v Cheng Chang Tong [2022] SGDC 178 (“GD”), Mr Cheng
Chang Tong (the “respondent”), was convicted of two charges following his plea
of guilt and sentenced by a District Judge (the “DJ”) as follows: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Public Prosecutor v Cheng Chang Tong [2022] SGDC 178 (“GD”) at [3].

(a) DAC 910427-2022: a fine of $4,000 and 30-months’ disqualification for a
charge of careless driving under s 65(1)(a) of the Road Traffic Act 1961 (2020
Rev Ed) (“RTA”) and punishable under s 65(5)(b) read with s 65(5)(c), s
65(6)(i) and s 67A(1)(a) of the RTA (the “Careless Driving Offence”); and

(b) DAC 910426-2022: a fine of $7,000 and three years’ disqualification for
drink driving under s 67(1)(b) of the RTA and punishable under s 67(1) read
with s 67(2)(a) of the RTA (the “Drink Driving Offence”).

2 An additional charge was taken into consideration in sentencing. This
involved the respondent’s failure to take reasonable steps to inform the
Victim, Neo Wei Siang, Gerald, of the damage to his vehicle and provide the
Victim with his particulars, an offence under s 84(1)(b) read with s 84(7) of
the RTA and punishable under s 131(2)(a) of the RTA (the “TIC Charge”).

3 This was the Prosecution’s appeal against the sentence of a fine of $4,000
for the Careless Driving Offence. The Prosecution did not appeal against the
sentence for the Drink Driving Offence or the disqualification period for the
Careless Driving Offence.

4 Specifically, this appeal raised the question of the appropriate sentencing
framework for offences punishable under s 65(5)(b) read with s 65(5)(c) of the
RTA and the application of this framework to the present case.

5 At the conclusion of the hearing on 24 February 2023, I allowed the appeal.
In brief, my reasons are two-fold. First, the sentencing framework laid down
in Wu Zhi Yong v Public Prosecutor [2022] 4 SLR 587 (“Wu Zhi Yong”) provides
useful guidance for the offence here concerning s 65(5)(b) read with s
65(5)(c) of the RTA. Second, the DJ erred in the application of the Wu Zhi
Yong framework to the present case as the present case fell within Band 2
rather than Band 1. After considering the relevant sentencing factors, I took
the view that a custodial sentence of two weeks’ imprisonment was warranted
and the sentence of a fine of $4,000 was manifestly inadequate. I set out my
reasons below for allowing the appeal.

The charge

6 The following charge in DAC 910427-2022 in relation to the Careless Driving
Offence is the subject of this appeal:

You, [respondent] are charged that you, 5 February 2022, at about 10.16 p.m,
along Blk 220 Petir Road Open space carpark, Lot 286, Singapore, did drive
motorcar, SDG 8466C, on the road without due care and attention to wit, by
failing to keep a proper lookout when reversing into a parallel parking lot
and collided onto the right side of one motorcar, SLV 9002C which was parked
ahead of your vehicle, at parking lot number 286 and you have thereby
committed an offence under Section 65(1) (a) of the Road Traffic Act 1961.

And further, that you, before the commission of the said offence, have been
convicted on the following earlier occasion(s):

(i) On 02 September 1998 in Subordinate Court No. 21 for an offence of
Speeding (41-50KMPH) under Section 63(4) Road Traffic Act Chapter 276 vide
R98079246LD; and

(ii) On 25 August 2004 in Subordinate Court No. 21 for an offence of Speeding
(41-50KMPH road) under Section 63(4) Road Traffic Act Chapter 276 vide
R04028048ND.

which conviction have not been set aside, and you shall thereby be liable for
punishable under Section 65(5)(c) read with Section 65(5)(b) and Section
65(6)(i) and Section 67A(1)(a) of the Road Traffic Act 1961.

Facts

7 The respondent admitted without qualification to the material facts of this
case as set out in the Statement of Facts. On the night of 5 February 2022,
the respondent drank four small glasses of “Chivas” at his shop located at
Upper Bukit Timah Road. After the drinking session at his shop, the respondent
decided to drive himself and his wife back to their home located at Block 220
Petir Road.

8 At the carpark near their home, the respondent failed to keep a proper
lookout as he was reversing into a parallel parking lot. His car collided into
the right side of a car belonging to the Victim, which was parked ahead. Both
cars were damaged, with scratches and dents on the rear right side of the
Victim’s car. The cost of repairs to the Victim’s car was $2,400. The
respondent had made full restitution to the Victim.

9 At the time of the accident, the weather was clear, the road surface was
dry, and the traffic volume was light.

10 After the collision, the respondent and his wife left for home. About two
hours later, on 6 February 2022 at about 12.11am, the Victim discovered the
damage to both his car and the respondent’s car and called the police. The
police tracked down the respondent at his home. The respondent failed a
breathalyser test and was arrested. He was escorted to the Traffic Police
Headquarters. At about 3.27am, a Breath Analysing Device test conducted on the
respondent revealed that there was 85μg of alcohol in every 100ml of the
respondent’s breath. This exceeded the prescribed limit of 35μg of alcohol per
100ml of breath.

The proceedings below

Prosecution’s submissions below

11 At the plead guilty mention, the Prosecution sought a sentence of three
weeks’ imprisonment and three years’ disqualification for the Careless Driving
Offence on the basis that the case fell within Band 2 of the framework laid
down by Sundaresh Menon CJ in Wu Zhi Yong. The Prosecution submitted that this
was warranted as the respondent’s alcohol level was at the high end of Band 3
of the framework in Rafael Voltaire Alzate v Public Prosecutor [2022] 3 SLR
993 (“Rafael”) at [31]. The respondent was to be punished as a repeat offender
and was also irresponsible in failing to notify the Victim of the damage
caused to his car.

Defence’s submissions below

12 The respondent, who was unrepresented below, pleaded in mitigation that he
was advanced in age and had since sold his car and stopped driving. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) at p 30, lines 12–13.

He highlighted that he understood that drink-driving is wrong and sought the
court’s forgiveness. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA at p 30, lines 13–14.

He also claimed to have “many things to attend to outside” 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA at p 30, line 20.

and to have recently been diagnosed with nerve issues in his right hand. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA at p 30, lines 21–22.

The DJ’s decision

13 The DJ sentenced the respondent to a fine of $7,000 and three years’
disqualification for the Drink Driving Offence. In relation to the Careless
Driving Offence, which lies at the heart of the present appeal, the DJ
sentenced the respondent to a fine of $4,000 and 30 months’ disqualification.

14 In determining the sentence for the Careless Driving Offence, the DJ drew
guidance from the two-step sentencing approach in Wu Zhi Yong.

15 At the first step, the DJ considered the offence-specific factors. In this
regard, the DJ considered the circumstances in which the offence was committed
and the harm caused (GD at [48]–[52]). In particular, she noted the
respondent’s status as a repeat offender “by virtue of his 1998 and 2004
speeding convictions and his level of alcohol [which] was at the second
highest band of Rafael”. She opined that this would only affect the
seriousness of his offence to a limited extent, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

GD at [51].

as the extent of his irresponsible driving within the carpark was swiping the
rear right portion of the Victim’s motorcar while trying to parallel park his
car. The DJ further noted that the respondent’s previous convictions were
relevant but dated. The DJ found that the present case involved a lower level
of seriousness falling within Band 1 of the Wu Zhi Yong framework, with a
starting point of a fine of $6,000.

16 At the second step, the DJ calibrated the sentence based on the offender-
specific factors. The DJ considered that there was potential harm, albeit not
of a significant degree, in view of the time of the offence, the light volume
of traffic, the respondent’s manner of driving and his low speed as he
parallel-parked his car. Further, the extent of property damage consisted of
scratches and dents and thus fell within the higher level of the low harm
category.

17 Overall, the DJ found the following factors aggravating. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

GD at [55]–[64].

The respondent’s alcohol level was high. In addition, after consuming alcohol,
the respondent drove home from Upper Bukit Timah Road to Petir Road with his
wife as a passenger. She also considered the TIC charge as an aggravating
factor. The DJ observed that the respondent, having failed to provide his
particulars after the accident, would have escaped responsibility for his
charges if the Victim had not discovered the damage early.

18 In terms of the mitigating factors, the DJ considered that the respondent’s
plea of guilt at the first court mention was a sign of his genuine remorse
and, therefore, a mitigating factor. Furthermore, the DJ considered that the
respondent had provided restitution to the Victim for the cost of repairs
amounting to $2,400 before the first court mention.

19 Considering these factors and the totality principle, the DJ calibrated the
sentence downwards to a fine of $4,000. The DJ also imposed a disqualification
period of 30 months, which was in line with the range of two to three years’
disqualification for a Band 1 offence delineated in Wu Zhi Yong.

The grounds of appeal

20 The Prosecution submitted that the fine of $4,000 for the Careless Driving
Offence was manifestly inadequate. It was submitted that the Wu Zhi Yong
framework provides guidance to sentencing the offence here concerning s
65(5)(b) read with s 65(5)(c) of the RTA. This is notwithstanding that the Wu
Zhi Yong framework was promulgated for offences punishable under s 64(2C) RTA.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Written Submissions of the Prosecution filed on 14 February 2023 (“WSP”) at
paras 22–29.

Applying the Wu Zhi Yong framework, the present case would fall within Band 2
and not Band 1, as the DJ found. A custodial sentence was hence called for. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

WSP at paras 30–52.

21 In response, the respondent sought to affirm the DJ’s decision.

Issues to be determined

22 Based on the foregoing, the issue that arose for this court’s determination
was whether the Wu Zhi Yong sentencing framework provides useful guidance for
the offence here concerning s 65(5)(b) read with s 65(5)(c) of the RTA. For
convenience, I will refer to this as “Issue 1”. If so, did the DJ err in the
application of the Wu Zhi Yong framework to the present case in imposing a
fine of $4,000? This will be referred to as “Issue 2’.

The relevant statutory provisions under the RTA

23 Given the multiple RTA provisions at play, it would be helpful to set out
the relevant provisions which are the subject of this appeal. In relation to
the Careless Driving Offence on appeal, the respondent was charged with
careless driving under s 65(1)(a) of the RTA, which is punishable under s
65(5)(b) read with s 65(5)(c), s 65(6)(i) and s 67A(1)(a) of the RTA. For ease
of reference, the applicable provisions are italicised.

24 Section 64(8) of the RTA provides:

Reckless or dangerous driving

64.—(8) In this section and section 65 —

“serious offender” means an offender who is convicted of an offence under
section 67 or 70(4) in relation to the offender’s driving which is an offence
under subsection (1);

...

[emphasis added]

25 The relevant provisions of s 65 of the RTA are as follows:

Driving without due care or reasonable consideration

65.—(1) If any person drives a motor vehicle on a road —

(a) without due care and attention; or

(b) without reasonable consideration for other persons using the road,

the person (called the offender) shall be guilty of an offence.

...

(5) In any other case involving the driving of a motor vehicle by the
offender, the offender shall on conviction of an offence under subsection (1)
—

(a) be liable to a fine not exceeding $1,500 or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 6 months or to both;

(b) where the person is a repeat offender, be liable to a fine not exceeding
$3,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to both;

(c) where the person is a serious offender in relation to such driving, be
liable to a fine of not less than $2,000 and not more than $10,000 or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to both, in addition to any
punishment under paragraph (a) or (b); or

(d) where the offender is a serious repeat offender in relation to such
driving, be punished with a fine of not less than $5,000 and not more than
$20,000 and with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years, in addition to
any punishment under paragraph (a) or (b).

(6) A court convicting a person of an offence under subsection (1) in the
following cases is to, unless the court for special reasons thinks fit to not
order or to order otherwise, order that the person be disqualified from
holding or obtaining a driving licence for a disqualification period of not
less than the specified period corresponding to that case:

...

(i) for a serious offender in subsection (5)(c) — 2 years;

(8) A person is a repeat offender in relation to an offence punishable under
subsections (2)(b), (3)(b), (4)(b) and (5)(b), respectively, if the person in
the respective subsection has been convicted (whether before, on or after 1
November 2019) on at least one other earlier occasion of any of the following
offences:

...

(b) an offence under section 63, 64 or 116;

...

[emphases added]

26 Section 67A(1)(a) of the RTA provides:

Enhanced penalties for offenders with previous convictions under certain
sections

67A.—(1) Where a person having been convicted of 2 or more specified offences
is again convicted of any one of the specified offences (whether or not the
same specified offence), the court has the power to impose a punishment in
excess of that prescribed for the conviction as follows:

(a) where the court is satisfied, by reason of the person’s previous
convictions or the person’s antecedents, that it is expedient for the
protection of the public or with the view to the prevention of further
commission of any such offence that a punishment in excess of that prescribed
for such a conviction should be awarded, then the court may punish the
offender with punishment not exceeding 3 times the amount of punishment to
which he or she would otherwise have been liable for the conviction except
that where imprisonment is imposed it shall not exceed 10 years;

...

[emphasis added]

27 In the present case, the respondent would be considered both a serious
offender under s 65(5)(c) and a repeat offender under s 65(5)(b) of the RTA.
Under s 64(8) of the RTA, the respondent was considered a serious offender as
he was also convicted vide DAC 910426-2022 for the Drink Driving Offence under
s 67(1) of the RTA in relation to his driving.

28 The respondent was considered a repeat offender pursuant to s 65(8)(b) of
the RTA as he had two prior convictions for the offence of speeding, which had
not been set aside:

(a) On 2 September 1998, for an offence of speeding under s 63(4) Road Traffic
Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev Ed) vide R98079246LD; and

(b) On 25 August 2004, for an offence of speeding under s 63(4) Road Traffic
Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev Ed) vide R04028048ND.

29 Given the respondent’s status as a serious offender and repeat offender,
the respondent would be liable to the sentence set out in s 65(5)(b) of RTA to
a “fine not exceeding $3,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12
months or to both”. He was additionally liable under s 65(5)(c) of the RTA to
a “fine of not less than $2,000 and not more than $10,000 or to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding 12 months or to both”.

Issue 1: Does the Wu Zhi Yong sentencing framework provide useful guidance for
an offence concerning s 65(5)(b) read with s 65(5)(c) of the RTA?

30 The DJ noted in her GD that there is no existing sentencing framework
enunciated by the High Court for an offence punishable under s 65(5)(b) read
with s 65(5)(c) of the RTA. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

GD at [40].

Nonetheless, the DJ held that the Wu Zhi Yong “sentencing band” framework
dealing with an offence under s 64(2C) RTA provides useful guidance on the
sentencing of offences for two reasons. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

GD at [40].

First, the similarity in the structure of the statutory provisions for both
forms of irresponsible driving under ss 64(2C) and 65(5) of the RTA. Second,
both ss 64(2C) and 65(5) of the RTA concern offences in the residual category
of cases not involving death, grievous hurt or other hurt.

31 The respondent submitted that the Wu Zhi Yong framework should not be
applied to the Careless Driving Offence as the framework there was promulgated
specifically for dangerous or reckless driving (which I will refer to as
“dangerous driving” for convenience) under s 64(2C)(a) read with s 64(2C)(c)
of the RTA. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Written Submissions of the Respondent filed on 10 February 2023 (“WSR”) at
paras 23–27.

The following statement of Menon CJ in Wu Zhi Yong at [20] was cited in
support: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

WSR at para 27.

For reasons that are explained below, my approach to developing a sentencing
framework is confined to the punishment prescribed under s 64(2C), which is a
residual category of cases not involving death, grievous or other hurt.….
Hence, although I make some observations on sentencing in relation to s 64
generally, it is more particularly the question of sentencing under s 64(2C)
and, even more specifically, under s 64(2C)(a) read with s 64(2C)(c) that I am
concerned with and my judgment should be understood in this light.

[emphasis added by the respondent]

32 I did not agree with the respondent’s argument that the Wu Zhi Yong
framework cannot be applied to the Careless Driving Offence. I accepted the
Prosecution’s submission both in its written submissions and at the hearing
that the offence here and in Wu Zhi Yong are similar in seriousness in terms
of the prescribed sentencing range. While the respondent submitted in both its
written and oral submissions that there were “significant differences” between
the maximum punishment provisions between the offence in the present case and
that in Wu Zhi Yong, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

WSR at para 31.

this argument falls away when one examines the applicable punishment
provisions for the present case (involving a serious and repeat offender under
s 65(5)(b) read with s 65(5)(c) of the RTA) and Wu Zhi Yong (involving a
serious offender under s 64(2C)(a) read with s 64(2C)(c) of the RTA). The
applicable punishment provision in the present case is set out in ss 65(5)(b)
and 65(5)(c) of the RTA which provides:

65.—(5) In any other case involving the driving of a motor vehicle by the
offender, the offender shall on conviction of an offence under subsection (1)
—

…

(b) where the person is a repeat offender, be liable to a fine not exceeding
$3,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to both;

(c) where the person is a serious offender in relation to such driving, be
liable to a fine of not less than $2,000 and not more than $10,000 or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to both, in addition to any
punishment under paragraph (a) or (b) …

[emphasis added]

From the above, the maximum sentence would be a fine of $13,000 and an
imprisonment term of 24 months.

33 In contrast, the punishment provision in Wu Zhi Yong under s 64(2C) of the
RTA is as follows:

64.—(2C) In any other case involving the driving of a motor vehicle by the
offender, the offender shall on conviction of an offence under subsection (1)
—

(a) be liable to a fine not exceeding $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 12 months or to both;

…

(c) where the offender is a serious offender in relation to such driving, be
liable to a fine of not less than $2,000 and not more than $10,000 or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to both, in addition to any
punishment under paragraph (a) or (b) …

[emphasis added]

The maximum sentence would be a fine of $15,000 and an imprisonment term of 24
months.

34 As can be seen from the above, the same maximum imprisonment term of 24
months’ imprisonment applies to both punishment provisions. Furthermore, the
mandatory minimum disqualification period of two years under s 65(6)(i), which
is applicable in the present case, is identical to that under s 64(2D)(i),
which was applicable in Wu Zhi Yong.

35 I would observe here that while the Prosecution was right in stating in its
written submissions that the range of the respective imprisonment terms is
identical, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

WSP at para 24.

the range for the fines is not identical. This point was acknowledged by the
Prosecution in its oral submissions. Apart from this minor difference, I
agreed that the punishment provisions between the two offences are largely
similar.

36 Furthermore, as the Prosecution pointed out in its oral reply at the
hearing, the respondent’s attempt to emphasise the differences in seriousness
of the offences between the present case and Wu Zhi Yong cannot stand. While
Wu Zhi Yong does technically concern the offence of dangerous driving and the
present case concerns the offence of careless driving, as the respondent had
sought to emphasise in both its written and oral submissions, it must be borne
in mind that Wu Zhi Yong concerned a first-time offender. Here, the respondent
was a repeat offender and was thus liable to enhanced punishment.

37 The respondent relied on the speech of then-Second Minister for Home
Affairs, Mrs Josephine Teo, in the Second Reading of the Road Traffic
(Amendment) Bill for the point that Parliament intended to distinguish between
the sentencing regimes for dangerous and careless driving. In particular, it
was noted that Parliament considered dangerous driving to be more serious than
careless driving (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (8 July
2019) vol 94 (Mrs Josephine Teo, Second Minister for Home Affairs)):

For better clarity and consistency, we propose to consolidate irresponsible
driving offences under the RTA. We will also streamline the offences into two
classes. The first category is Reckless or Dangerous Driving, which I will
refer to as Dangerous Driving in the rest of the speech. …

The definitions of Dangerous Driving and Careless Driving are currently in the
RTA. We will maintain the current definitions.

Dangerous Driving is more serious than Careless Driving. …

[emphasis added by the respondent]

38 On this basis, the respondent submitted that the framework in Wu Zhi Yong,
which deals with the offence of dangerous driving, is inapplicable to the
offence of careless driving in the present case. With respect, this argument
was without merit. The Prosecution did not go so far as to submit that the Wu
Zhi Yong framework applies directly to the present offence. Indeed, it readily
acknowledged the truism that the offences are, by their nature, different; one
deals with dangerous driving, and the other, careless driving. What the
Prosecution submitted instead was that given the similar levels of seriousness
between the offence of dangerous driving in Wu Zhi Yong and that of careless
driving by a repeat and serious offender in the present case, the same
sentencing approach adopted in Wu Zhi Yong ought to apply here. As stated
above, the sentencing range applicable here would be very similar to that
which was applicable in Wu Zhi Yong despite the difference in the precise
nature of the driving offence. Given this similarity, I was of the view that
Menon CJ’s observations on the relevant sentencing factors in Wu Zhi Yong can
apply equally to the present offence.

39 Additionally, as the Prosecution rightly pointed out, both careless driving
cases and dangerous driving cases had been cited in Wu Zhi Yong to illustrate
the different levels of seriousness of offending. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

WSP at para 23.

This provides further support for the point that the assessment of the
relevant sentencing factors and the appropriate band that a case would fall
within should be similar, if not identical, for both careless driving and
dangerous driving offences.

40 For completeness, I address the Prosecution’s written submission where it
was further argued that the sentencing range in Wu Zhi Yong represents the
minimum sentencing range applicable to the Careless Driving Offence in this
case once we consider that s 67A(1)(a) of the RTA also applies here. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

WSP at para 26.

This provision applies because the respondent had been convicted twice for the
specified offences of speeding in 1998 and 2004. Thus, the respondent is
liable for up to three times the amount of punishment for which he would
otherwise have been liable under s 67A(1)(a).

41 For the purposes of this appeal, I did not find it necessary to invoke s
67A(1)(a) of the RTA, as it is contingent on the requirement that such a
higher sentence be found to be “expedient for the protection of the public or
with the view to the prevention of further commission of any such offence”.
The Prosecution did not explain why this would be the case here in its written
or oral submissions. As the respondent highlighted at the hearing, there is
the further requirement (viz in committing the prior offence, he must have
driven a motor vehicle on a road at a speed which exceeded the speed limit by
40km/h) to be fulfilled under s 67A(2) as the respondent is a “person who has
been convicted of an offence under section 63(4)” given his past speeding
convictions. While the Prosecution highlighted in reply that this requirement
was in fact met as the Record of Proceedings showed that the appellant had
driven at over 40km/h past the speed limit in relation to these past
convictions, it nonetheless clarified its position that it was not seeking for
any uplift in sentence on the basis of s 67A(1)(a). It had only relied on this
provision for the more limited proposition that the existence of these
provisions reflects the significance Parliament places on an offender’s
previous convictions (and reoffending). Parliament’s concern similarly applies
to the punishment provision in the present case under s 65(5)(b), which
prescribes enhanced penalties for repeat offenders. In my view, to the extent
that the Prosecution relied on s 67A(1)(a) purely for the limited point that
the Careless Driving Offence in the present case cannot be less serious than
that in Wu Zhi Yong, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

WSP at para 27.

this was unarguably correct.

42 Accordingly, for the reasons stated above, I was of the view that the Wu
Zhi Yong framework can provide useful guidance in sentencing for the Careless
Driving Offence, notwithstanding the fact that the framework was promulgated
for offences under s 64(2C) RTA.

43 The sentencing bands, as set out in Wu Zhi Yong at [39], are as follows:

(a) Band 1: A fine of between $2,000 and $15,000 and/or up to one month’s
imprisonment and a disqualification period of two to three years.

(b) Band 2: Between one month’s and one year’s imprisonment and a
disqualification period of three to four years.

(c) Band 3: Between one year’s and two years’ imprisonment and a
disqualification period of four to five years.

44 In any event, the point remains that the Wu Zhi Yong framework
(particularly the indicative sentencing bands) provides a useful starting
point for this court in considering the Careless Driving Offence.

Issue 2: Did the DJ err in the application of the Wu Zhi Yong framework to the
present case?

45 Having accepted that the Wu Zhi Yong “sentencing bands” approach applies, I
turn to consider the next issue, which was whether the DJ had correctly
applied the framework at each of its two steps.

46 I pause to make a preliminary observation at the outset. While the DJ had
stated (GD at [44]) that she was guided in the sentencing approach as set out
in Wu Zhi Yong, her analysis was not in line with the Wu Zhi Yong framework.
For instance, it was not clear why her assessment of potential harm and damage
had featured in both the first and second steps of her analysis (GD at [48],
[49], [55]–[57]). It was also not clear why the DJ took into account the
respondent’s status as a serious offender and repeat offender at the first
step of her analysis (GD at [46]) rather than at the second step when this
would be a quintessentially offender-specific aggravating factor.

Step 1: Identifying the appropriate sentencing band with reference to offence-
specific factors

47 Both parties disagreed on the applicable sentencing band. On the one hand,
the Prosecution submitted that the present case fell within Band 2, which
warranted an imprisonment term of between one month and one year. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

WSP at para 37.

On the other hand, the respondent submitted that the DJ was right to find that
this case fell within Band 1 and that the custodial threshold was not crossed.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

WSR at paras 66–67.

48 In determining the correct band in the present case, I found it instructive
to consider the non-exhaustive list of offence-specific factors laid out by
Menon CJ in Wu Zhi Yong at [36]:

(a) Serious potential harm: Apart from actual harm, it has long been accepted
that regard should also be had to the potential harm that can result from the
act of dangerous or reckless driving (see Stansilas ([26] supra) at [47];
Public Prosecutor v Koh Thiam Huat [2017] 4 SLR 1099 (“Koh Thiam Huat”) at
[41]). The level of potential harm would be (Neo Chuan Sheng v Public
Prosecutor [2020] 5 SLR 410 at [22]):

… assessed against facts which would include … the condition of the road, the
volume of traffic or number of pedestrians actually on or which might
reasonably be expected to be on the road at the relevant time, the speed and
manner of driving, visibility at the relevant time, the type of vehicle, and
any particular vulnerabilities (eg, a truck or car colliding into a motorcycle
or pedestrian).

As is evident, these relate to the circumstances of driving that could
increase the danger posed to road users (see Edwin Suse ([25] supra) at [28]).
Where an assessment of these facts reveal that the potential harm occasioned
to road users would have been serious, this would be an aggravating factor.

(b) Serious property damage: The extent of property damage caused is a
relevant sentencing factor. As a general rule, the amount of any loss or
damage may serve as a proxy indicator of harm.

(c) High alcohol level found in the accused person’s blood or breath: A high
level of alcohol that substantially exceeds the prescribed limit would be an
aggravating factor. As noted by the court in Stansilas at [37], an offender’s
alcohol level is an indicator of his inability or unfitness to drive due to
his alcohol intake, and heavier punishment should therefore be imposed on
drivers with higher alcohol levels. This determination of whether an
offender’s alcohol level is high can be made with reference to the sentencing
framework for an offence under s 67, recently set out in Rafael Voltaire
Alzate v Public Prosecutor [2022] 3 SLR 993 (“Rafael Voltaire Alzate”) at
[31], which is calibrated in accordance with the alcohol levels found in an
offender’s blood or breath. In the context of sentencing under s 64(2C)(c),
this will be a factor of particular importance: see [33]–[34] above and [37]
below.

(d) An offender’s reason or motivation for driving: The court in Edwin Suse
held that an offender’s reason or motivation for driving could be an
aggravating (or conceivably, in some circumstances, even a mitigating) factor
in respect of an offence of drink driving. The court further considered that
the gravity of an offender’s conduct would be increased if he had, at that
time, been driving a passenger for hire or reward (at [33]).

(e) Increased culpability: In Koh Thiam Huat at [41], the court considered
that factors increasing an accused person’s culpability for an offence of
dangerous driving would include a particularly dangerous manner of driving.
Examples of such aggravating factors include excessive speeding or deliberate
dangerous driving, such as in “hell riding” cases (see Koh Thiam Huat at
[41]).

The offender’s conduct following the offence or attempt to evade arrest:
Conduct that is “belligerent or violent” upon arrest would constitute an
aggravating factor: Edwin Suse at [32]. Likewise, the failure to stop in an
attempt to evade arrest or to avoid apprehension should also weigh against an
offender: Public Prosecutor v Lee Meng Soon [2007] 4 SLR(R) 240 at [33].

[emphasis in original]

49 In applying these factors, Menon CJ emphasised in Wu Zhi Yong at [37] that
the level of alcohol found in an offender’s blood or breath will be a critical
factor in determining the appropriate sentencing band:

It bears reiterating that the fact of drink driving has been legislatively
highlighted as a significant factor in sentencing (as explained at [33]–[34]
above). This is reflected in the extent of the increase in the potential
sentence that an offender may face due to the application of the serious
offender provision under s 64(2C)(c) of the RTA. As such, the level of alcohol
found in an offender’s blood or breath would be a key factor in determining
the sentencing band in which a case is situated.

[emphasis added]

50 I agreed with the Prosecution’s submission that the high level of alcohol
found in the respondent’s breath is critical in determining the sentencing
band for the offence here. There has been a similar “increase in the potential
sentence that an offender may face due to the application of the serious
offender provision” which Menon CJ pointed out in Wu Zhi Yong at [37], this
provision being s 65(5)(c) of the RTA. This is supported by Menon CJ’s finding
(Wu Zhi Yong at [32]) that “Parliament’s intention in introducing the serious
offender provisions (including s 64(2C)(c)) was to punish offenders for the
aggravated conduct of driving recklessly or dangerously whilst under the
influence of drink” [emphasis added]. There is no reason why this proposition
does not also apply to the Careless Driving Offence here which also engages
the serious offender provision under s 65(5)(c) of the RTA for the aggravated
conduct of driving carelessly whilst under the influence of drink in the
present case. Indeed, this was implicit in Menon CJ’s use of the word
“including” and, in any event, nothing in Menon CJ’s decision in Wu Zhi Yong
precludes this finding.

51 Based on the foregoing, the present case would fall within Band 2 of the Wu
Zhi Yong framework once it is considered that the respondent had a high
alcohol level of 85µg of alcohol per 100ml of breath. As the DJ found, this
alcohol level fell within the higher end of Band 3, which is the second-
highest band of the Rafael framework. Given the legislative emphasis on the
factor of drink driving, where an offender’s blood or breath alcohol level is
in the highest or second-highest band of the framework in Rafael, the present
case was likely to fall at least within Band 2: Wu Zhi Yong at [42].

52 In attempting to downplay the centrality of the offender’s high alcohol
level, the respondent pointed to the following statement of Menon CJ in Wu Zhi
Yong at [42]: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

WSR at para 55.

Band 2 consists of cases reflecting a higher level of seriousness and would
usually contain two or more offence-specific aggravating factors. In these
cases, the level of culpability and the blood alcohol level will typically
both be on the higher side.

[emphasis in original]

53 With respect, this ignores Menon CJ’s elaboration following immediately
after the above statements in the same paragraph, which reads as follows:

Given the legislative emphasis on the factor of drink driving, where an
offender’s blood alcohol level is in the highest or second highest band of the
framework in Rafael Voltaire Alzate, the case is likely to fall at least
within Band 2. Examples of cases that might fall in Band 2 are as follows: ...

[emphasis added]

54 Apart from the respondent’s high alcohol level, there were clearly two
other aggravating factors in the present case which brought the total number
of aggravating factors up to at least three.

55 First, there was serious potential harm. In this regard, the DJ considered
that the potential harm would not have been serious. She took account of the
fact that, at the time of the offence, the accused was not travelling on an
expressway or highway where the vehicular speed would be higher or on a road
where the presence of other road users was significant. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

GD at [52].

She further considered that at the material time at night, the traffic within
the vicinity of the carpark was light. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

GD at [48].

While the DJ further considered the respondent’s manner of driving, low speed
as he parallel parked, the absence of other vehicles travelling in the
vicinity, and the presence of only two other persons walking some distance
away, I noted that this consideration was done at the second step in her
application of the Wu Zhi Yong framework as part of the offender-specific
factors. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

GD at [55].

These ought to have been considered at the first step as offence-specific
factors instead.

56 Notwithstanding the consideration of all the factors above as offender-
specific factors, there could have been serious potential harm nonetheless
arising from the respondent driving whilst under the influence of alcohol. The
respondent drove a distance of at least 1.6km (from Upper Bukit Timah Road to
Petir Road), by the Prosecution’s estimate. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

WSP at para 35.

This journey was made through a residential area near other vehicles and
pedestrians. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

WSP at para 35; Other vehicles and pedestrians can be seen in the in-car
camera footage, which was viewed in the court below: ROA at p 28, lines 21 and
28.

It was fortuitous that no harm to any persons was caused during this journey.
I note also that the respondent’s wife was in the car, placing her in a
position where potential harm to her could have been caused. These were not
adequately considered by the DJ.

57 Second, there was actual property damage or harm caused. The risk of harm
to property had materialised, resulting in property damage to the Victim to
the tune of $2,400. I was cognisant that the Wu Zhi Yong framework lays out
the consideration of potential harm and actual harm as distinct
considerations. In this regard, I raised a concern to the Prosecution at the
hearing that it appeared that there may be some overlap between the two
considerations in the present case. As the Prosecution rightly submitted, any
such overlap would be restricted. This is because on one hand, consideration
of actual harm focuses on the moment of a collision. On the other hand,
potential harm looks at the wider circumstances before and after a collision.
Regarding the potential harm, this would entail consideration of the
circumstances arising in the duration leading up to the accident, as the
respondent had driven for some distance from Upper Bukit Timah to Petir Road
before the accident occurred. Pertinent considerations on the potential harm
included the fact that he was carrying a passenger, and that he was driving in
a residential zone (with pedestrians and vehicles nearby) near the end of his
journey before the accident occurred.

58 Accordingly, the present case would fall within Band 2 of the Wu Zhi Yong
framework. I found that a starting point of one month’s imprisonment would be
appropriate.

Step 2: The applicable offender-specific factors

59 The primary offender-specific aggravating factor in the present case was
the respondent’s twin status as a repeat offender and a serious offender. With
respect, the DJ erred in glossing over this, and in finding that “[a]lthough
the accused is considered a repeat offender by virtue of his 1998 and 2004
speeding convictions and his level of alcohol was at the second highest band
of Rafael ... these factors affect the seriousness of his offence to a limited
extent” [emphasis added]. First, this undoubtedly could not be right once we
appreciate the centrality of the respondent’s high alcohol level in the Wu Zhi
Yong framework as highlighted above. Second, the DJ’s consideration of the
respondent’s status as a “repeat offender” (GD at [59]) was somewhat cursory
and inadequate. An additional and more crucial consideration was that of the
respondent being a “serious offender” as it was this aggravated conduct of
driving carelessly whilst under the influence of drink that Parliament
intended to address specifically with more severe punishments (see above at
[50]).

60 Putting aside the respondent’s speeding convictions in 1998 and 2004 which
relate to his status under s 65(5)(b) as a “repeat offender”, the DJ did not
appear to have considered the full gamut of the relevant antecedents. The
respondent was traced with several compounded offences for speeding (in 1990,
1995, 1998 and 2007), inconsiderate driving (in 2012), and crossing double
white lines (in 2020). As the respondent rightly accepted at the hearing,
these can be considered in sentencing. However, the respondent submitted that
compounded offences should be given less weight. Be that as it may, the DJ
appeared to have not considered any of the compounded offences in calibrating
the sentence. Even accepting that dated offences can be given less weight, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

GD at [51].

the latter two offences of inconsiderate driving and crossing double white
lines are of recent origin. I was of the view that the respondent’s compounded
offences ought to have been considered and given due weight. These offences
reveal the respondent’s history of recalcitrance and propensity to flout
traffic rules and reinforce the need for a deterrent sentence, both on the
basis of individual and general deterrence.

61 In relation to the respondent’s attempt to downplay the aggravating factor
under the TIC Charge of failing to take reasonable steps to inform the Victim
of the damage and provide the Victim with his particulars, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

WSR at paras 19–21.

this must be rejected. The respondent cannot now explain away the purported
reasonableness of his conduct (eg, that he allegedly “waited a while” for the
Victim, he was “not able to write any note as being illiterate he simply did
not know how or what to write” and he “left his car in the lot just behind the
victim’s car in a manner which left no doubt that it was [his] car which
caused the damage”). He had already consented to the TIC charge of failing to
take reasonable steps to inform the Victim of the damage and provide his
particulars. In any event, none of these facts are indicated in the Statement
of Facts and as such are unproven.

62 The respondent’s plea of guilt and voluntary restitution were valid
mitigating factors, but they did not bring the present case below the
custodial threshold. As the Prosecution highlighted, in both Public Prosecutor
v Shin Seung Ho [2023] SLR(StC) 78 and Public Prosecutor v Ashwin Kumar
Kumaraswamy Sanketh [2023] SLR(StC) 104, the offenders pleaded guilty and made
full restitution. Nonetheless, custodial sentences were meted out as these
mitigating factors merited only a downward adjustment from the starting point
of a higher custodial sentence.

63 The respondent raised a further objection based on the rule against double
counting. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

WSR at para 72.

The respondent submitted that the imposition of a custodial sentence on the
Careless Driving Offence and the imposition of a fine under the Drink Driving
Charge would be akin to giving him a consecutive (as opposed to concurrent)
sentence on the two charges and punishing him twice on the same set of acts. I
did not find this convincing. The respondent had after all accepted that a
court is not prevented “from imposing a condign sentence for the offence under
s 64 and, separately, a fine for the offence under s 67, where that is
considered appropriate.” (Wu Zhi Yong at [65]). The application of the
totality principle addresses the respondent’s objection. As Menon CJ explained
in Wu Zhi Yong at [65], “the totality principle, which allows for the
adjustment of individual fines so that the cumulative fine is sufficient and
proportionate to the offender’s overall criminality” is such that it
“enable[s] the court to deal with any concern of unfairness arising from
double or excessive punishment.” The totality principle, being of general
application, is not, as the respondent alleged, merely confined to “the
context of s 64, where an offender had driven recklessly or dangerously whilst
under the influence of drink.” 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

WSR at para 73.

64 I found that a custodial sentence was warranted and a sentence of one
month’s imprisonment, being the minimum within Band 2, would be an appropriate
starting point. Bearing in mind the respondent’s expeditious plea of guilt at
the very first court mention, co-operation in the investigations and his
voluntary restitution, the indicative starting point sentence should be
adjusted downwards to two weeks’ imprisonment.

Conclusion

65 For the reasons above, the DJ’s sentence of $4,000 for the Careless Driving
Offence was manifestly inadequate. Accordingly, I allowed the appeal and
sentenced the respondent to two weeks’ imprisonment, in addition to the
disqualification term of 30 months.

See Kee Oon

Judge of the High Court

Lim Siew Mei Regina (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the appellant;

Ng Yong Ern Raymond (M/s Tan Lay Keng & Co) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 May 2023 (15:42 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

