Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 293

Originating Application No 561 of 2023

Between

| Chen Songlin Michael  
---|---  
|  
  
… Applicant

And

| Attorney-General  
---|---  
|  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Companies — Directors — Disqualification — Disqualification from acting as
director under s 155(1) Companies Act 1967 — Whether applicant should be
granted permission to act as director — Section 155(1) of the Companies Act
1967 — Factors to be considered]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chen Songlin Michael

  
v

  

Attorney-General

[2023] SGHC 293

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 561 of 2023  
Audrey Lim J  
2 August 2023

16 October 2023

Audrey Lim J:

1 This was an application by Mr Chen Songlin (“Mr Chen”) for permission to act
as a director and/or to manage a company (“application for permission”)
pursuant to s 155(1) of the Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) (“the CA”). I
allowed the application. I now set out the grounds for my decision and in
particular the considerations to be applied when determining an application
for permission under s 155 of the CA.

Background

2 Mr Chen holds 80 per cent of the shares of Eri Organisation Pte Ltd (“Eri
Organisation”), with the other 20 per cent held by his wife. Eri Organisation
in turn wholly owns Eri Accounting Service Pte Ltd (“Eri Accounting”) and Eri
Secretarial Service Pte Ltd (“Eri Secretarial”). I will refer to all three
entities collectively as “Eri”. Essentially, Eri’s business is in assisting
its clients with starting businesses and incorporating companies in Singapore,
such as by providing corporate secretarial, accounting and resident nominee
directorship services. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Michael Chen in HC/OS 785/2021 (“OS 785 Chen’s Affidavit”) at
[7]–[8] and [10].

3 On 21 October 2020, Mr Chen pleaded guilty to and was convicted of 13
offences under s 197 of the CA for the failure of nine companies (the “Nominee
Companies”) to lodge on time annual returns with the Registrar of Companies,
and he was fined. The Nominee Companies were clients of Eri Organisation,
which had provided nominee directorship services to these companies. Mr Chen
served as a nominee director in each of the Nominee Companies. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

OS 785 Chen’s Affidavit at [12] and [14].

4 Pursuant to his conviction, Mr Chen was automatically disqualified from
acting as a director in any company under s 155 of the CA for five years from
21 October 2020. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

OS 785 Chen’s Affidavit at p 29.

Hence, Mr Chen, who was then a director of each of the Eri entities, ceased to
be so.

5 On 1 November 2021, pursuant to an application made under s 155 of the CA,
the High Court (in HC/OS 785/2021 (“OS 785”)) granted Mr Chen permission to
act as a director and to manage each of the Eri entities. In arriving at its
decision, the court considered “the points of mitigation, contrition and
hardship” set out by Mr Chen. Pertinently, Mr Chen’s wife, then the sole
director of Eri, was no longer able to manage Eri due to her ill health. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Minute Sheet dated 1 November 2021 in OS 785/2021; OS 785 Chen’s Affidavit at
[38]–[41].

Mr Chen had also attended training courses on regulatory compliance. The
application was not opposed by the respondent (the Minister for Finance
(“Minister”), represented by the Attorney-General).

6 In these proceedings, Mr Chen applied for permission to act as a director of
and/or manage CEASY Tech Pte Ltd (“CEASY”) pursuant to s 155 of the CA. Mr
Chen is the majority shareholder of CEASY, which was incorporated in Singapore
in October 2022. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Michael Chen in OA 561/2023 (“OA 561 Chen’s Affidavit”) at [12].

The Minister did not object to the application. The parties also accepted that
I could rely on the matters in OS 785 as I found that they were relevant in my
consideration of the present application.

The applicable principles under s 155 of the CA

Applications for permission under ss 154(6) and 155A(3) of the CA

7 I first determined the applicable principles in an application for
permission under s 155 of the CA, as there was no established framework in
this regard unlike for applications for permission under s 154(6) (where a
person has been disqualified from being a director essentially because he has
been convicted of certain offences) or s 155A(3) (where a person has been
disqualified from being a director of a company because the Registrar of
Companies has struck off under s 344 within the preceding five years no less
than three companies of which that person was a director). In my view, the
considerations which the court has adopted for applications under ss 154(6)
and 155A(3) and the rationale underlying the genesis of these considerations
provide guidance as to the approach for similar applications under s 155.

8 I began with the court’s approach pertaining to applications for permission
under s 154(6) of the CA, arising from a disqualification to act as a director
or to take part in the management of a company. This disqualification is
triggered by a director’s personal wrongdoing. In particular, in relation to
an automatic disqualification under s 154(1), the wrongdoing may take the form
of conviction for an offence involving fraud or dishonesty if punishable with
imprisonment for three months or more, or conviction for an offence under Part
12 of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Rev Ed) (“the SFA”). It may
also take the form of being subject to the imposition of civil penalties under
s 232 of the SFA, which is also based on having to prove all the elements of a
criminal offence under the SFA. In that sense, the imposition of such a civil
penalty is based on criminal wrongdoing by the director which has been the
subject of judicial determination: Re Haeusler, Thomas [2021] 4 SLR 1407 (“Re
Haeusler”) at [108]–[109]. As observed in Ong Chow Hong (alias Ong Chaw Ping)
v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2011] 3 SLR 1093 (“Ong Chow Hong”) at
[20], the rationale behind s 154(1) of the CA ought to be that the
individual’s fraudulent or dishonest conduct is prima facie evidence of his
suitability of being a director, thereby justifying an automatic restraint.

9 The automatic disqualification under s 154(1) thus carries a predominantly
protective function. It protects the public (and the company) from individuals
who are deemed unsuitable to be directors because they do not possess the
appropriate standards of commercial morality to be trusted in the management
of corporate affairs: Attorney General v Chong Soon Choy Derrick and others
[1983–1984] SLR(R) 530 (“Derrick Chong”) at [29]. As elaborated by V K Rajah
JA in Ong Chow Hong (at [20]–[23]), s 154 is concerned with protecting the
public from the risk of harm posed by the specific director (who is the
subject of the disqualification) and also the wider need to protect the public
from the risk of harm by all errant directors through an uncompromising
reaffirmation of the expected exemplary standards of corporate governance.

10 In deciding whether to exercise its discretion under s 154(6) of the CA,
the court in Huang Sheng Chang and others v Attorney-General [1983–1984]
SLR(R) 182 (“Huang Sheng Chang”) at [38] set out the following five factors
which the court ought to consider (and which were accepted by the appellate
court in Derrick Chong at [31]):

(a) the nature of the offence of which the applicant has been convicted;

(b) the nature of the applicant’s involvement;

(c) the applicant’s general character;

(d) the structure and the nature of the business of each of the companies
which the applicant seeks the leave of the court to become a director of or to
take part in the management of; and

(e) the interests of the general public, the shareholders, the creditors and
the employees of these companies and the risks to the public and to those
persons should the applicant be permitted to be a director of those companies
or to take part in their management.

In Re Haeusler (at [116]), the court explained that the above factors seek to
balance the applicant’s interest in being permitted to resume economically
productive activity and the company’s interest in gaining access to his skills
and experience, against the regulatory interest in protecting the company, its
stakeholders and the general public from the prima facie risk of harm which
the applicant poses to them all by reason of the judicial determination of
personal criminal wrongdoing against him.

11 I turn to s 155A of the CA. Section 155A disqualifies a person from being a
director or from being involved in the management of any company if he had
been a director of three or more companies which have been struck off the
register under s 344(4) read with s 344(1) of the CA within a period of five
years. Given that various circumstances which do not even amount to breaches
of the CA can justify a striking off under s 344 (see reg 89B of the Companies
Regulations (1990 Rev Ed) read with ss 344(1) and 344(1A) of the CA), a
disqualification under s 155A of the CA may arise without any wrongdoing
whatsoever (criminal or otherwise). On that basis, the court in Re Haeusler
held at [76], [81] and [111] that the provision was designed to deter
directors of defunct companies from allowing such companies to remain on the
register and leaving it to the Registrar to strike them off, rather than to
protect the public from a director who has been judicially determined to have
engaged in wrongdoing.

12 In Kardachi, Jason Aleksander v Attorney-General [2020] 2 SLR 1190
(“Kardachi”), the Court of Appeal held (at [70]–[72]) that whether the court
should exercise its discretion (to permit an applicant to act as a director or
to take part in the management of a company) will depend on a holistic
assessment of the following considerations, namely: (a) the applicant’s
capacity for compliance with the regulatory requirements of the legislation in
the future; and (b) any exculpatory reasons for the applicant’s failure to
wind up or procure the striking off of the companies which were struck off by
the Registrar. However, the court stated that these factors were not
exhaustive. It was also of the provisional view that the applicant should
provide some details about the specific company for which permission is being
sought and explain why it was necessary for him to be a director of it. In
this regard the court considered the fourth and fifth factors in Huang Sheng
Chang (see [10(d)] and [10(e)] above) might also be relevant (see Kardachi at
[73] and [77]). It further stated that the court would be more inclined to
grant leave if the applicant depends on the relevant company for his
livelihood, although this would not be determinative of the application (at
[78]). In Re Haeusler at [127] and [133], Coomaraswamy J further held that
another relevant factor is the period for which the applicant has served his
disqualification but disagreed that the factors in Huang Sheng Chang were
directly relevant to an application for permission under s 155A.

13 It was clear that the different factors which the court will take into
consideration in the exercise of its discretion under ss 154(6) and 155A(3)
flow from the objective of the respective provisions or, in other words, the
specific mischief sought to be addressed. The framing of a principled approach
towards applications for permission under s 155 should similarly begin with
the identification of the statutory objective behind the provision.

Application for permission under s 155 of the CA

14 Section 155(1) of the CA provides that a person is liable for an offence
if, without permission of the court, he acts as a director or promoter, or
otherwise takes part in the management, of a company: (a) where he has been
“persistently in default” of relevant requirements under the CA; and (b)
within five years after he has last been adjudged guilty of any offence or has
had made against him an order under s 13 or s 399 pertaining to such relevant
requirements. A “relevant requirement” is defined as any requirement under the
CA which essentially involves the delivery of documents or the giving of
notice of a matter to the Registrar of Companies (s 155(2) of the CA). In
substance, s 155 imposes an automatic disqualification on a person for
persistent defaults in relation to relevant requirements under the CA, for a
period of five years following his last conviction or order under s 13 or s
399 of the CA. That a person has been “persistently in default” may be
conclusively proved by showing that he has been adjudged guilty of three or
more offences in relation to the relevant requirements or has had three or
more orders made against him under s 13 or s 399 of the CA (s 155(3) of the
CA).

15 In my view, the statutory objective of s 155 is predominantly protective in
nature.

16 At the time of the provision’s enactment in 1984, there was a growing
incidence of directors of active companies who would, in their bid to evade
accountability and deprive shareholders their statutory right to be informed
of how their funds and the affairs of the company have been managed,
intentionally omit to hold annual general meetings and file annual returns.
Directors of companies which were facing financial difficulties were also
failing to file annual returns, choosing instead to resign and abandon these
companies: Andrew Hicks, “Disqualification of Directors for Persistent Default
in Filing Documents – Section 155, Companies Act” (1985) 27 Malaya Law Review
329 at 330. As at 1982, over 23 per cent of active companies failed to file
their annual returns for one or more years: Tan Boon Teik, “Duties of
Directors under the Companies (Amendment) Act 1984” (1985) 11(1) Securities
Industry Review 1 at 4.

17 As stakeholders can only obtain information on the performance and
financial position of the companies from the audited accounts and the
directors’ report, such defaults in holding annual general meetings or in
filing the annual returns naturally prejudiced the interests of these
individuals. It is by way of such disclosure that the law protects the
interests of investors, shareholders, creditors and all others concerned with
the company: Report of the Select Committee on the Companies (Amendment) Bill
(Bill No 9/86) (Parl. 5 of 1987) at B-136. Section 155 of the CA was thus
intended to protect the public, shareholders, creditors and other stakeholders
from errant directors by preventing them from being involved in the management
of any company for a period of five years if they have been found in
persistent default of the relevant requirements of the CA.

18 The view that the disqualification of persons for persistently breaching
the relevant requirements is predominantly protective in nature has also been
endorsed by the courts in the United Kingdom (“UK”). Under s 3 of the Company
Directors Disqualification Act 1986 (c 46) (UK) (“CDDA”), the court can make a
disqualification order against a person who has been in persistent default of
the statutory provisions (ie, those requiring him to file, deliver or send any
returns, accounts or documents to the Registrar of Companies or to notify it
of any relevant matter). Persistent default under the CDDA can be conclusively
proved by showing that the person has had three convictions or orders made
against him in relation to those provisions within the span of five years: ss
3(2) and 3(3) of the CDDA. The CDDA replaced the old disqualification regime
in the UK companies’ legislation (see Ong Chow Hong at [14]). In Secretary for
Trade and Industry v Swan and others [2003] EWHC 1780 (Ch) at [9], the court
held that the purpose of the disqualification is to protect the public.

19 The statutory objective underlying s 155 is similar to that of s 154 of the
CA. Section 154(1) disqualifies individuals on the basis that their wrongdoing
has provided prima facie evidence that they are unsuitable to be involved in
the management of a company’s affairs (see [8] above). Likewise, a
disqualification under s 155 is premised on persistent defaults (ie, breaches)
of relevant requirements under the CA. Such persistent defaults would justify
a disqualification of a director under s 155(1) because of the need to protect
the public from an individual who is rightly deemed unsuitable to be involved
in the management of an active company. This is unlike a disqualification
under s 155A(1) of the CA, which may occur without any wrongdoing whatsoever
(Re Haeusler at [110]) and is triggered by the Registrar having struck off
(three or more) defunct companies of which the individual had been a director.

20 In the above regard, that the statutory objective behind s 155 is
protective is not inconsistent with the court’s observation in Re Haeusler at
[112] regarding the risk which a director who fails to file annual returns
poses to the public:

A director who is disqualified because he permitted an inaccurate disclosure …
or because he engaged in insider trading … poses an obvious risk to the
public. A director who has failed to file a company’s annual returns may pose
a risk to the coherence of the register and undoubtedly imposes an
administrative burden on the Registrar. But he poses no risk to the public
from which the public ought to be protected.

These observations were made in the context of a disqualification under s 155A
of the CA that is precipitated by the striking off of companies (of which the
disqualified person is a director) under s 344, because they were in the
Registrar’s view defunct for having failed to file annual returns. I therefore
did not take the court in Re Haeusler to be making the broader point that
directors of active companies who commit similar wrongs pose no risk to the
public.

21 Having considered the cases on ss 154 and 155A, I turn to the factors for
an application for permission under s 155. I considered some of the factors in
Huang Sheng Chang to be relevant. The disqualification in both ss 154 and 155
are premised on an individual’s wrongdoing and the objectives of both sections
are protective in nature. Additionally, I considered the factors pertaining to
s 155A to also be applicable. Although ss 154 and 155A are designed to achieve
predominantly different statutory objectives, the Court of Appeal in Kardachi
recognised that some factors relevant to an application for permission under s
154(6) might nevertheless be relevant to an application under s 155A(3). It
thus acknowledged that the factors for an application under s 155A(3) were not
necessarily distinct from those under s 154(6). Hence, I accepted that the
factors pertaining to an application under s 155A(3) should be regarded in an
application under s 155. Whilst a disqualification under s 155A is premised on
the Registrar striking off companies which he believes to be defunct, one
premise for his belief can be that the company has failed to file its annual
returns (the “underlying act”). This underlying act, which is an offence under
s 197 of the CA, is also a premise for disqualification under s 155.

22 As such, I am of the view that the court may consider the following factors
in determining an application for permission under s 155 of the CA:

(a) the applicant’s capacity for compliance with the relevant requirements
under the CA in the future;

(b) any mitigating circumstances for the applicant’s failure to comply with
the relevant requirements;

(c) the structure and nature of the business of the company which the
applicant seeks permission of the court to become a director of or to take
part in the management of;

(d) the interests of the general public, shareholders, creditors and other
stakeholders of the relevant company and whether these interests will be
prejudiced if the applicant is permitted to be a director of the company or to
take part in its management; and

(e) whether it is necessary for the applicant to be granted permission.

23 I add that the above factors are non-exhaustive and not every factor may be
of equal importance in every case. The court should therefore consider the
matter holistically. At the end of the day, the applicant’s interest in
resuming economically productive activity and the company’s interest in
gaining access to his skills and experience must be balanced against the
regulatory interest in protecting the company, its stakeholders and the
general public from the prima facie risk of harm which the applicant poses to
them by reason of persistent breaches of the relevant requirements of the CA.

My decision

24 I was satisfied, on a holistic assessment of the factors above, that Mr
Chen should be granted permission to be a director or take part in the
management of CEASY.

Capacity for compliance in the future

25 I accepted that an applicant’s capacity for compliance with the relevant
requirements in the future was a necessary but insufficient requirement for
permission to be granted under s 155(1) of the CA: see Kardachi at [98]. Such
capacity for compliance is indicative of the reduced risk which the applicant
poses to a company and its stakeholders in the event he is allowed to partake
in the company’s management.

26 An individual’s capacity for compliance in the past (as demonstrated by the
circumstances leading to his disqualification and his compliance in relation
to other companies which are not the subject of his persistent default under s
155) and in the present (as demonstrated in his conduct during the period of
his disqualification) provides a good indication of his capacity for
compliance in the future.

27 In the present case, the circumstances leading up to Mr Chen’s
disqualification did not, on their face, reflect a high capacity for
compliance. Mr Chen was a director (albeit a nominee director) of the Nominee
Companies that failed to file their annual returns. This resulted in 13
charges being brought against him. However, I accepted that there were
mitigating circumstances, as will be elaborated upon at [30] below. As for the
Eri entities, they have always been compliant with the regulatory requirements
under the CA including the filing of annual returns prior to Mr Chen’s
disqualification in October 2020. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

OS 785 Chen’s Affidavit at [35]; Respondent’s Written Submissions in OS 785
(“OS 785 RWS”) at [14].

Further, Mr Chen attended courses on compliance and corporate secretarial
practice in 2021, prior to his application for permission made in OS 785.
Whilst he has not attended any further courses for the present application,
the Eri entities (as well as their clients) have been compliant with their
filing obligations under the CA since Mr Chen was granted permission to act as
a director of Eri in November 2021. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

OA 561 Chen’s Affidavit at [7(3)(d)] and pp 21–22; Respondent’s Written
Submissions in OA 561 (“OA 561 RWS”) at s/n 1 at [13].

As Mr Chen explained, he oversaw the implementation of systems to monitor
deadlines for Eri’s clients to file annual returns and other submissions
required under the CA. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

OS 785 Chen’s Affidavit at [23].

28 I thus found (and the Minister agreed) that Mr Chen had sufficiently
demonstrated his capacity for compliance, with the relevant requirements, in
the future.

Mitigating circumstances

29 The court will also consider whether there are mitigating circumstances
behind the applicant’s disqualification under s 155(1). Such reasons may
include the fact that the incidents leading to the disqualification were
caused by circumstances beyond the applicant’s control and occurred despite
his best efforts. If such reasons exist, they provide a strong indication that
the protective objective of s 155 of the CA will less likely be circumvented
in the future by granting the applicant permission to be involved in a
company’s management.

30 I found there to be some mitigating circumstances which led to Mr Chen’s
disqualification as a director. According to Mr Chen, when he realised that
the Nominee Companies had not filed their annual returns on time, Eri
Secretarial sent to them and the other directors reminders urging them to
remedy the non-compliance as soon as possible. However, no responses were
received and Mr Chen was unable to contact the foreign directors and
shareholders of those companies. Eri was also unable to strike off these
companies from the register despite Mr Chen’s efforts because of various
difficulties, such as the restriction of Mr Chen’s access to these companies’
accounts by ACRA. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

OS 785 Chen’s Affidavit at [16]–[19].

Mr Chen should have been more diligent in ensuring that the returns of the
Nominee Companies were filed on time (a fact which he acknowledged), as he was
nevertheless a director of the Nominee Companies. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

OS 785 Chen’s Affidavit at [21].

However, I accepted that he had taken some steps in the form of attempts to
meet the relevant deadlines and that the unresponsiveness of the foreign
directors and shareholders of those companies contributed to the
contraventions of the relevant requirements.

Structure and nature of company for which applicant is seeking permission

31 Next, the structure of a company (ie, its shareholding structure and
management hierarchy) as well as its nature (ie, whether it is a public or
private company) are relevant considerations for an application for permission
under s 155. The former sheds light on the possible safeguards which the
company may have in place to prevent breaches of the relevant requirements
from occurring. The latter informs the court on whether there are more onerous
disclosure obligations which will need to be fulfilled by (or which may
otherwise involve) the applicant as a director (see, eg, s 197(1)(a) of the
CA).

32 CEASY is an exempt private company limited by shares. It has three
directors: Ms Bao Zehua, Ms Zhang Shuhui and Mr Chen Hao Rong. These three
persons, along with Mr Chen, are also shareholders of the company.
Pertinently, Ms Bao was made a director of Eri Accounting and Ms Zhang was
made a director of Eri Secretarial. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

OA 561 Chen’s Affidavit at p 28; OS 785 Chen’s Affidavit at [26] and [31].

33 As a private company, CEASY would not be subject to the heightened
standards of disclosure to which public companies are subject. That said, Mr
Chen appeared to be wielding significant influence over the management of
CEASY. Not only were the appointments of two of CEASY’s three directors to the
Eri entities caused by Mr Chen, but Mr Chen also holds a controlling stake as
the majority shareholder of CEASY. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

OA 561 Chen’s Affidavit at p 29.

As such (as the Minister submitted), given that Mr Chen can already indirectly
influence the management of CEASY, granting the application (to allow Mr Chen
to be a director or take part in the management of CEASY) would allow Mr Chen
to be held directly accountable for any breaches of the CA by CEASY. This is
not to say that in every case where an applicant shareholder (particularly a
majority shareholder) potentially wields indirect influence or control over a
company, that this will tilt the balance in favour of granting permission.
This is but one factor to be considered.

Interests of stakeholders

34 Further, I assessed there to be a low risk to the interests of the general
public, the company (CEASY), its shareholders and other stakeholders should Mr
Chen be permitted to act as a director or take part in the management of
CEASY. This is also given that Mr Chen has, as I had found, sufficiently
demonstrated his capacity for compliance with the relevant requirements in the
future. This was accepted by the Minister. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

OA 561 RWS at s/n 5 at [13].

Necessity for applicant to be involved in management of the company

35 Finally, Mr Chen submitted that it was necessary to be involved in CEASY’s
management because his disqualification had prevented CEASY from successfully
applying for a bank account. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

OA 561 Chen’s Affidavit at [13].

He claimed the bank had informed him that there was a “problem with one of the
directors or shareholders”. But Mr Chen did not adduce any correspondence with
the bank to show that his disqualification had affected CEASY’s application
for a bank account. He also did not explain why CEASY, which presently has
three directors, could not set up a bank account. Hence, this factor did not
assist Mr Chen.

Conclusion

36 Having assessed the factors holistically, I was of the view that Mr Chen
should be allowed to be a director or partake in the management of CEASY.
Apart from his inability to show that being a director of CEASY was strictly
necessary, the other factors largely pointed in favour of such permission
being given. His application for permission was also not opposed by the
Minister. In this regard, the Minister also pointed out that Mr Chen had, by
the time of filing this application, served more than two years and seven
months of his five-year disqualification period. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

OA 561 RWS at s/n 7 at [13].

37 Accordingly, I granted Mr Chen permission to act as a director and/or to
take part in the management of CEASY.

Audrey Lim J  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Chen Kok Siang Joseph (Joseph Chen & Co) for the applicant;

Olivia Low Pei Sze and Au Wei Hoe (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Oct 2023 (09:58 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

