Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCR 19

Originating Claim No 327 of 2022 (Summonses Nos 2617 and 2618 of 2023)

Between

(1)| Access Medical Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Access Medical Circuit Road Pte Ltd  
(3)| Access Medical Whampoa Pte Ltd  
(4)| Access Medical Marine Terrace Pte Ltd  
(5)| Access Medical Toa Payoh Pte Ltd  
(6)| Access Medical Kim Keat Pte Ltd  
(7)| Access Medical Jurong West Pte Ltd  
(8)| Access Medical Bukit Batok Pte Ltd  
(9)| Access Medical Redhill Close Pte Ltd  
|  
  
… Claimants

And

| MHC Medical Network Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Pleadings — Further and better particulars]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Access Medical Pte Ltd and others

  
v

  

MHC Medical Network Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHCR 19

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 327 of 2022
(Summonses Nos 2617 and 2618 of 2023)  
AR Vikram Rajaram  
1, 15 November 2023

23 November 2023

AR Vikram Rajaram:

Introduction

1 These grounds of decision concern applications for further and better
particulars. The Defendant and the 10th Defendant in Counterclaim included
such applications within their single applications pending trial. After
hearing the parties and taking some time to consider the arguments, I
dismissed the Defendant’s application. My view was that the particulars that
the Defendant sought were not necessary. However, I allowed the 10th Defendant
in Counterclaim’s application in part. The particulars that I ordered to be
provided were, in my view, necessary for the 10th Defendant in Counterclaim to
understand the basic case that it had to meet in relation to one of the
counterclaims. My full reasons are as follows.

Facts

The parties

2 The nine Claimants in this action provide general practice clinic services.
1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See the Statement of Claim at para 1.

The Defendant is in the business of providing administrative and marketing
support to clinics. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See the Statement of Claim at para 2. The Defendant admits this paragraph: see
the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 2.

3 The Claimants entered into separate Memorandums of Agreement (the “MOAs”)
with the Defendant. The Defendant agreed in the MOAs to provide administrative
services for healthcare services, such as enrolment, billing, fee collections
and accounting and management. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

See the Statement of Claim at para 3.

The Defendant’s position is that the 10th Defendant in Counterclaim, one Dr
Lim Yong Chin (“Dr Lim”), was also a party to the MOAs. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

See the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 3.

Dr Lim is also the sole director of each of the Claimants. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See Dr Lim’s 10th Affidavit filed on 18 September 2023 at para 1.

Background to the dispute

4 In this action, the Claimants claim that in breach of the Defendant’s
obligations under the MOAs, the Defendant has not paid an amount of
$456,182.04 that is allegedly due to the Claimants under monthly tax invoices
issued from July 2018 to October 2018 (the “Tax Invoices”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

See the Statement of Claim at paras 8 to 10.

The Claimants allege that the non-payment amounts to a repudiatory breach of
the MOAs. The Claimants allege that they accepted the repudiatory breach, and
they now claim from the Defendant in this action the sum of $456,182.04. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See the Statement of Claim at para 11 and relief (a) claimed at page 6 of the
Statement of Claim.

5 The Defendant denies the Claimants’ claim. According to the Defendant, the
MOAs worked in this manner: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

See the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at paras 7 to 8.

(a) The Defendant was to solicit engaging companies (the “Engaging Companies”)
to use certain defined healthcare services (the “Healthcare Services”) that
were to be provided by Dr Lim and the relevant Claimant. Dr Lim and the
relevant Claimant were referred to collectively in each MOA as the “HCP”,
which is an abbreviation for “Healthcare Provider”.

(b) The Claimants and Dr Lim would then render the Healthcare Services to
eligible patients who are referred to in the MOAs as “Members”.

(c) The Claimants and Dr Lim would submit claims to the Defendant through an
online web-based platform (the “MHC System”).

(d) The Defendant would then collect payments from the relevant Engaging
Companies. The Defendant would pay those amounts to the Claimants and Dr Lim
after deducting specified administrative charges.

(e) Further, the MOAs only entitled the Claimants and Dr Lim to receive
payments for “valid” and “accurate” claims for Healthcare Services rendered
which were “medically warranted” and “commensurate with best medical practices
as regarded by the medical fraternity” (the “Best Practices Standard”).

6 The Defendant’s defence to the claim is essentially as follows:

(a) The Tax Invoices were issued based on claims submitted by the Claimants
and Dr Lim through the MHC System for services that were allegedly provided by
the Claimants and Dr Lim to qualifying patients. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 8(b).

(b) However, the Defendant asserts that the relevant claims were not “valid”
and “accurate” claims that met the Best Practices Standard (see [5(e)] above).
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 8(b).

(c) Accordingly, the amount claimed in the Tax Invoices is not due and
payable. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 10.

7 The Defendant is also pursuing a counterclaim against the Claimants, as well
as Dr Lim. The Defendant claims that the Claimants and Dr Lim submitted claims
to the Defendant from 2014 to 2018 for Healthcare Services that were not
medically warranted and/or failed to meet the Best Practices Standard (the
“Inappropriate Claims”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 17.

The existence of the Inappropriate Claims was apparently discovered in or
about late 2018 when the Defendant conducted a “routine audit” on the
submitted claims. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 17(a).

8 In terms of causes of action, the Defendant alleges that the Claimants’ and
Dr Lim’s submission of the Inappropriate Claims was a breach of the terms of
the MOAs. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 17.

The Defendant also claims that if the Inappropriate Claims contained
inaccurate and/or false statements, the Claimants and Dr Lim made the
Inappropriate Claims fraudulently and/or deceitfully. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 21.

9 As for reliefs, the Defendant seeks, amongst others, an order compelling the
Claimants and Dr Lim to repay all monies they received from the Defendant
because of the Inappropriate Claims. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at page 27, Relief (1).

10 The Claimants’ defences to the counterclaim include the following:

(a) The Defendant’s counterclaim has been made in bad faith and/or for
collateral purposes. The Claimants allege that the counterclaim is being
pursued to allow the Defendant to achieve a more advantageous acquisition of
the Claimants’ business interests and/or to pressure the Claimants into
accepting a less favourable settlement of the amount they are claiming (the
“Collateral Purposes Allegation”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See the 1st to 9th Claimants’ Reply and Defence to Counterclaim at para 11.1.

(b) The Healthcare Services rendered were medically warranted and complied
with the Best Practices Standard. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See the 1st to 9th Claimants’ Reply and Defence to Counterclaim at para 12.2.

(c) The Claimants also deny that the Defendant suffered loss. They also assert
that the Defendant is not the correct and/or proper party that is entitled in
law to make the claims the Defendant is pursuing through its counterclaim. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See the 1st to 9th Claimants’ Reply and Defence to Counterclaim at para 14.3.

11 Dr Lim’s defences to the counterclaim include the following:

(a) Dr Lim was not a contractual party to the MOAs. Dr Lim executed each of
the MOAs on behalf of the relevant Claimants and not in his personal capacity.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See Dr Lim’s Defence to Counterclaim at para 6.

(b) Dr Lim was one of approximately 160 doctors who provided healthcare
services to patients visiting the Claimants’ clinics from 1 August 2014 to
2018. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See Dr Lim’s Defence to Counterclaim at para 10(a).

Login accounts to the MHC System were provided at the entity level for each of
the Claimants, and not to individuals such as Dr Lim. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See Dr Lim’s Defence to Counterclaim at para 10(b).

Dr Lim was one of the persons who submitted claims into the MHC System “based
on information and/or documents prepared and/or supplied by the Claimants’
employees including other doctors, nurses and/or administrative employees who
Dr Lim believed to be reliable and competent in relation to the healthcare
services that the Claimants provide”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See Dr Lim’s Defence to Counterclaim at para 10(c).

(c) Further, other than Dr Lim, “other doctors, nurses, administrative
employees and/or independent contractors” also submitted claims on the MHC
System on behalf of the relevant Claimants. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See Dr Lim’s Defence to Counterclaim at para 10(d).

Dr Lim did not instruct and/or supervise such submissions. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See Dr Lim’s Defence to Counterclaim at para 10(e).

(d) Dr Lim denies providing any medical treatment that was not medically
warranted and/or failed to meet the Best Practices Standard. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See Dr Lim’s Defence to Counterclaim at para 18.

Procedural history

12 The Claimants, the Defendant and Dr Lim have each filed single applications
pending trial (“SAPTs”). The component applications within each SAPT are as
follows:

(a) The Claimant’s SAPT (HC/SUM 2619/2023) contains an application for the
Defendant to produce documents.

(b) The Defendant’s SAPT (HC/SUM 2617/2023 (“SUM 2617”)) contains the
following component applications:

(i) an application for further and better particulars of the Claimant’s Reply
and Defence to Counterclaim;

(ii) an application for further and better particulars of Dr Lim’s Defence to
Counterclaim;

(iii) an application for the Claimants to produce documents;

(iv) an application for Dr Lim to produce documents; and

(v) an application for permission to use expert evidence from an expert in
family medicine and an expert in forensic accounting.

(c) Dr Lim’s SAPT (HC/SUM 2618/2023 (“SUM 2618”)) contains the following
component applications:

(i) an application for further and better particulars of the Defence and
Counterclaim (Amendment No 1);

(ii) an application for the Defendant to produce documents; and

(iii) an application to strike out parts of the Defendant’s List of Documents
dated 9 June 2023.

13 After I consulted the parties, the following sequence of the hearing of the
applications within the SAPTs was approved by Chua Lee Ming J:

(a) Hearing 1 (before an Assistant Registrar at first instance):

(i) all applications for further and better particulars;

(b) Hearing 2 (before an Assistant Registrar at first instance):

(i) all applications for production of documents;

(ii) Dr Lim’s application to strike out parts of the Defendant’s List of
Documents dated 9 June 2023;

(c) Hearing 3 (before a Judge):

(i) all Registrar’s Appeals against the decisions made in Hearing 1 and
Hearing 2; and

(ii) the Defendant’s application for permission to use expert evidence.

14 The present grounds of decision concern all the applications for further
and better particulars (ie, Hearing 1).

The applicable principles for applications for further and better particulars

15 The starting point is that under O 9 r 13 of the Rules of Court 2021 (the
“ROC 2021”), the Court may order a party to provide particulars of any matter
mentioned in that party’s pleading if the Court’s opinion is that the
particulars to be provided are “necessary on the facts of the case”:

Further and better particulars (O. 9, r. 13)

13\. The Court may order a party to serve on any other party particulars of
any matter stated in the first mentioned party’s pleading if the Court is of
the opinion that the particulars are necessary on the facts of the case.

16 For comparison, the relevant provision in the revoked Rules of Court (2014
Rev Ed) (the “ROC 2014”) on the ordering of particulars of pleading was O 18 r
12(3):

(3) The Court may order a party to serve on any other party particulars of any
claim, defence or other matter stated in his pleading, or in any affidavit of
his ordered to stand as a pleading, or a statement of the nature of the case
on which he relies, and the order may be made on such terms as the Court
thinks just.

17 Order 18 r 12(3) of the ROC 2014 is broadly similar to O 9 r 13 of the ROC
2021 save that the ROC 2014 provision did not expressly state that the Court
would only order particulars if it was of the view that such particulars were
“necessary” on the facts of the case. That said, the standard of necessity
appears elsewhere in O 18 r 12 of the ROC 2014. Order 18 r 12(1) of the ROC
2014 states that a pleading “must contain the necessary particulars of any
claim, defence or other matter pleaded”. In this connection, it is relevant to
note that the authors of Singapore Rules of Court: A Practice Guide (Chua Lee
Ming J editor-in-chief) (Academy Publishing, 2023) (the “Practice Guide”)
imply at para 09.039 that the ROC 2014 and the ROC 2021 are identical and that
the addition of the criterion of necessity was clarificatory:

Rule 13 is identical to Order 18 rule 12(3) of the 2014 Rules and clarifies
that the criterion for the court to order particulars is that such particulars
are necessary on the facts of the case.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

18 In my view, the case law on further and better particulars under the ROC
2014 should broadly continue to be relevant in respect of O 9 r 13 of the ROC
2021. The following points should however be borne in mind when considering
the case law under the ROC 2014:

(a) The ROC 2021 expressly sets the standard for ordering particulars at
whether the particulars sought are “necessary on the facts of the case”.

(b) The power to order particulars should be exercised having regard to the
ideals set out in O 3 r 1(2) of the ROC 2021 (the “Ideals”).

19 With these qualifications in mind, the relevant general principles for the
ordering of particulars, as laid out in the case law under the ROC 2014, may
be summarised as follows:

(a) Particulars are designed to inform the opposing party of the nature of the
case that is to be met at trial so that the opposing party is not taken by
surprise at the trial: see, for example, AstraZeneca AB (SE) v Sanofi-Aventis
Singapore Pte Ltd [2013] SGHCR 7 at [12] and the Practice Guide at para
09.038.

(b) Pleadings are to only state the material facts, and not evidence. They are
only meant to set out the “basic case” that the opposing party is to meet: see
Sharikat Logistics Pte Ltd v Ong Boon Chuan and others [2011] SGHC 196 at [8].

The Defendant’s application for further and better particulars of the
Claimant’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim

20 I dealt first with the Defendant’s application for further and better
particulars of the Claimants’ Reply and Defence to Counterclaim as contained
in Annex A to SUM 2617 (see [12(b)(i)] above). The Defendant sought an order
for the Claimants to provide particulars in connection with an allegation made
at para 11.1(b) of the Reply and Defence to Counterclaim of certain “repeated
demands” that the Claimants made to the Defendant for payment of the Tax
Invoices. The Defendant sought particulars of how these “demands” were made.
The Defendant’s request is reproduced below:

1\. Of the allegation that:-

‘Sometime around July 2018 to October 2018, the Defendant failed and/or
refused to make payment for Tax Invoices issued from the period of July 2018
to October 2018. The Claimants made repeated demands to the Defendant to make
such payment to no avail.’

Please state whether the alleged ‘demands’ were made orally or in writing,
and:

(a) insofar as they were oral, please state the exact date, time and place
they were made, and the persons to whom they were addressed; and

(b) insofar as they were in writing, please state the document(s) in which
they were made.

[emphasis in original]

21 The Defendant submitted that the particulars are required to understand and
meet the Claimants’ case that the Defendant was in repudiatory breach of the
MOAs because of the Defendant’s alleged failure to meet the demands for
payment of the Tax Invoices. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See the Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 7 to 8.

22 The Claimants opposed the request on the basis that the Defendant already
knows the case that it must meet. The Claimants submitted that their case was
premised on the unpaid Tax Invoices (see [4] above) and the Defendant should
know of the demands that have been made for the payment of the Tax Invoices.
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See the Claimants’ Submissions at paras 12 to 13.

In oral submissions, the Claimants’ counsel, Ms Josephine Costan, also added
that Dr Lim had already identified the documents containing the demands,
namely, a letter from the Claimants’ former solicitors and an e-mail, in his
voluntary replies to requests for further and better particulars of Dr Lim’s
Defence to Counterclaim. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See the Particulars of the 10th Defendant in Counterclaim’s Defence to
Counterclaim served pursuant to Letter of Request dated 24 July 2023 at page
6.

23 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I decided not to allow this
request. The particulars sought did not meet the required standard of
necessity. The lack of necessity was apparent from a close reading of the
relevant paragraph of the Reply and Defence to Counterclaim.

24 As mentioned, the request concerned para 11.1(b) of the Reply and Defence
to Counterclaim where there was a reference to the Claimants having made
“repeated demands” for payment to the Defendant (see [20] above). According to
the Defendant, particulars of these demands were necessary for the Defendant
to understand the Claimants’ case on repudiatory breach.

25 However, para 11.1(b) of the Reply and Defence to Counterclaim did not
contain a pleading that the Defendant was in repudiatory breach of the MOAs.
There was no such allegation made in that paragraph at all. Instead, the
pleading that there were unmet demands for payment was made in support of a
different point, namely, the Collateral Purposes Allegation that I have
described above (see [10(a)] above). As explained, one of the Claimants’
defences to the counterclaim was that the counterclaim was being made in bad
faith and/or for collateral purposes (ie, the Collateral Purposes Allegation).
One of the particulars pleaded in support of that allegation was the pleading
at para 11.1(b) of the Reply and Defence to Counterclaim, namely, that the
Claimants had made repeated demands to the Defendant for payment of the Tax
Invoices to no avail.

26 The allegation that the Defendant was in repudiatory breach of the MOAs was
made in a different pleading, namely, the Statement of Claim. The Statement of
Claim pleads at para 9 that “demands” for payment of the sums in the Tax
Invoices were made by or on behalf of the Claimants and those demands were
unmet. The Statement of Claim then goes on to plead at para 11 that the
Defendant is in repudiatory breach of the MOAs. The relevant paragraphs of the
Statement of Claim are reproduced below:

9\. Notwithstanding several demands made by and on behalf of the Claimants,
the Defendant has repeatedly failed, neglected and/or refused to make payment
of the sums due and owing to the Claimants, as reflected in the Tax Invoices.

10\. To-date, the total sum of $456,182.04 remains due and payable to the
Claimants, in respect of Tax Invoices issued for the period from July 2018 to
October 2018 inclusive.

11\. By reason of the aforesaid, the Defendant is in repudiatory breach of the
MOAs. The Claimant has accepted the Defendant’s repudiatory breach of the MOAs
and has terminated the MOAs.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

27 The Defendant did not apply for particulars of the alleged “demands” as
described at para 9 of the Statement of Claim. Instead, the Defendant applied
for particulars of the “demands” as described at para 11.1(b) of the Reply and
Defence to Counterclaim. Even if those requested particulars were provided,
they would not have provided the Defendant with the desired clarity that it
sought, which was apparently to understand the case it needed to meet on
repudiatory breach. The Claimants’ provision of particulars on the “demands”
in a different pleading in connection with a different argument (ie, the
Collateral Purposes Allegation) would not assist the Defendant.

28 Accordingly, the requested particulars were not necessary on the facts of
the case. The particulars, even if ordered and answered, would not serve the
purpose for which the particulars were requested.

29 In any case, the Defendant had some clarity on how the demands for payment
of the Tax Invoices were made. As Ms Costan pointed out, Dr Lim had already
identified a letter from the Claimants’ former solicitors and an email as the
relevant documents containing the demands for payment. That said, the more
fundamental issue with the request was that allowing it would not serve the
purpose that the Defendant intended.

The Defendant’s application for further and better particulars of Dr Lim’s
Defence to Counterclaim

30 I then dealt with the Defendant’s application for further and better
particulars of Dr Lim’s Defence to Counterclaim as contained in Annex B to SUM
2617 (see [12(b)(ii)] above). There were two related categories of requests:

(a) The first category related to Dr Lim’s pleading at para 10(c) of his
Defence to Counterclaim that he was one of the persons who submitted claims to
the Defendant through the MHC System “based on information and/or documents
prepared and/or supplied by the Claimants’ employees, including other doctors,
nurses and/or administrative employees who Dr Lim believed to be reliable and
competent in relation to the healthcare service that the Claimants provide”
(the “Information and Document Providers”). The Defendant sought full
particulars of the Information and Document Providers. The particulars sought
included:

(i) the full names and designations of the Information and Document Providers,
as well as their Singapore Medical Council Registration numbers (where
applicable);

(ii) which of the nine Claimants’ clinics each Information and Document
Provider allegedly worked at and/or provided healthcare services to patients
at; and

(iii) the period(s) during which each Information and Document Provider
allegedly worked at and/or provided healthcare services to patients at, the
Claimants’ clinics.

(b) The second category related to Dr Lim’s pleading at para 10(d) of his
Defence to Counterclaim that “other doctors, nurses, administrative employees
and/or independent contractors” (the “Other Staff”) also “submitted claims
through [the MHC System] on behalf of the respective Claimants”. The Defendant
sought full particulars of these Other Staff. The specific particulars sought
in this regard were identical to the specific particulars sought of the
Information and Document Providers.

31 The Defendant submitted that it required the particulars of the Information
and Document Providers and the Other Staff to understand Dr Lim’s defence to
the counterclaim, know how to prepare for trial and to avoid surprise at
trial. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See the Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 13 to 14.

In response to a question I raised during oral submissions on what the
Defendant will be doing with the particulars of the Information and Document
Providers and the Other Staff, the Defendant’s counsel submitted that the
particulars would assist the potential experts in family medicine and forensic
accounting in understanding which of the Claimants’ claims (as submitted
through the MHC System) were suspicious and unreliable.

32 Dr Lim opposed the request on the basis that the Defendant already knew the
case it had to meet at trial. Dr Lim submitted that his pleaded position was
clear. Dr Lim’s case is that he was one of 160 doctors who provided Healthcare
Services and also one of the staff who submitted claims through the MHC
System, relying on information and documents provided by others. Dr Lim also
submitted that substantial costs will be incurred if he were made to provide
the particulars requested. Dr Lim explained that he would have to trace
information dating back to more than nine years ago. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See Dr Lim’s Written Submissions at paras 15 to 20.

In reply to the Defendant’s counsel’s oral submission that the particulars
would assist the experts in family medicine and forensic accounting, Dr Lim’s
counsel submitted that there was no evidence from the potential experts that
the particulars sought would assist them.

33 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I decided that the requested
particulars were unnecessary, and I therefore decided to disallow both
requests. The requests were unnecessary for the following reasons.

34 First, paras 10(c) and 10(d) of Dr Lim’s Defence to Counterclaim adequately
set out the basic case that the Defendant had to meet at trial. The relevant
paragraphs of Dr Lim’s Defence to Counterclaim stated that Dr Lim’s position
was that he relied on information from the Information and Document Providers
when Dr Lim submitted claims on the MHC System. Further, the Other Staff also
submitted claims on the MHC System. This basic case was clearly set out and
there was no ambiguity.

35 Secondly, the requests impermissibly sought evidence. The Defendant would
reasonably expect to obtain the identities of the Information and Document
Providers at later stages of the proceedings when the parties prepared their
evidence for the trial. Dr Lim would have to adduce evidence from the
Information and Document Providers and the Other Staff to make good his
pleaded position that he had relied on others when submitting claims and also
that the Other Staff also submitted claims themselves. To the extent that Dr
Lim is unable to adduce evidence from these persons, Dr Lim’s pleaded position
would simply not be made out.

36 Thirdly, it would not be consistent with the Ideals for the particulars
sought to be ordered. It would not be cost-effective in the circumstances of
this case to require Dr Lim to provide particulars of the Information and
Document Providers and the Other Staff. As Dr Lim submitted, to answer the
requests, a review of materials dating back to nine years would be required.
This would not be a cost-effective exercise. Requiring Dr Lim to undertake the
exercise of obtaining the information to answer the requests would also be
contrary to the Ideal that proceedings are to be conducted expeditiously.

37 Fourthly, as regards the oral submission that the particulars would be
useful for the experts in family medicine and forensic accounting, there was
no evidence before me from those experts that the particulars would be helpful
to them. In any case, the Defendant had yet to obtain permission to use expert
evidence in this matter (see [12(b)(v)] above). It was therefore premature for
the Defendant to request for particulars on the basis that the potential
experts would find the particulars helpful.

Dr Lim’s application for further and better particulars of the Defendant’s
Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1)

38 Turning next to Dr Lim’s application (see [12(c)(i)] above), he had four
categories of requests (which I refer to respectively as “Request 1”, “Request
2”, “Request 3” and “Request 4”). Request 1 and Request 2 were related and
they were analysed together. I refer to them collectively in these grounds as
the “Group 1 Requests”. Request 3 and Request 4 were also related. They will
be referred to collectively in these grounds as the “Group 2 Requests”.

The Group 1 Requests

39 The Group 1 Requests related to the Defendant’s counterclaim that if the
Inappropriate Claims contained inaccurate and/or false statements, then the
Claimants and Dr Lim would have made them fraudulently and/or deceitfully (see
[7]–[8] above). In its particulars in support of this counterclaim in fraud
and deceit, the Defendant pleaded, inter alia, the following at paras 21(a)
and 21(c) of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1):

(a) The Claimants and Dr Lim “made statements” that Healthcare Services were
rendered to patients as stated in each of the Inappropriate Claims, when they
had not. Request 1 sought particulars of the “statements” that were allegedly
made by the Claimants and Dr Lim.

(b) The Claimants and Dr Lim “either knew that the Inappropriate Claims were
false and untrue, or recklessly did not care whether they were true or false”.
Request 2 sought particulars of the facts, documents and/or overt acts that
the Defendant relied on in support of its allegation that the Claimants and Dr
Lim knew that the particulars sought were false and untrue.

40 Dr Lim submitted that the particulars he sought were necessary to
understand the case he needed to meet. Dr Lim did not know the “statements”
made which form the basis for the counterclaim that the Defendant was induced
to make payment on the Inappropriate Claims. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See Dr Lim’s Written Submissions at para 31.

As for Request 2, Dr Lim submitted that there must be reasonable basis for the
Defendant’s position that Dr Lim had knowledge. The Defendant should be made
to state the particulars of the basis for its allegation. This would then
allow Dr Lim to know the case he had to meet at trial. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See Dr Lim’s Written Submissions at paras 37 to 38.

41 The Defendant opposed both requests in the Group 1 Requests. For Request 1,
the Defendant submitted that it had already pleaded that all claims, including
the Inappropriate Claims, were submitted through the MHC System. By submitting
the Inappropriate Claims, the Claimants and Dr Lim made statements that the
Healthcare Services were rendered to the relevant patients. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See the Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 18.

As for Request 2, the Defendant submitted that all relevant material facts
have already been pleaded. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See the Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 21 to 22.

42 I decided to allow the Group 1 Requests. My view was that the particulars
requested were necessary for the following reasons.

43 First, both requests sought particulars of the basic components of the
Defendant’s counterclaim in fraud and deceit. Request 1 sought particulars of
the very statements that formed the basis of the counterclaim. Request 2
sought particulars of the allegation that the Claimants and Dr Lim had
knowledge of the falsity of the statements. As the Court of Appeal held in
Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435
(at [14]), the essential elements of the tort of deceit include: (i) the
making of a representation of fact by words or conduct; and (ii) the making of
that representation with knowledge of its falsity. The particulars sought by
Dr Lim, which relate to the basic components of the Defendant’s cause of
action in the counterclaim, are necessary for Dr Lim to know the basic case
that he had to meet in relation to the counterclaim in fraud and deceit.

44 Secondly, my view was that it was consistent with the Ideals to order the
particulars sought. The particulars of the “statements” made could be provided
in a cost-effective manner. All that the Defendant had to do was to state, as
it had in its Skeletal Submissions, that the statements were made each time
the Inappropriate Claims were submitted through the MHC System. The Defendant
could also easily refer to the extensive particulars of the Inappropriate
Claims that have already been provided at Annexes A and B to the Defence and
Counterclaim (Amendment No 1).

45 As for the particulars of the alleged knowledge of the falsity of the
statements, the Defendant must have had reasonable basis to allege that the
Claimants and Dr Lim had such knowledge. All that the Defendant had to do is
to state, to the best of its ability, its basis for believing that the
Claimants and Dr Lim had such knowledge.

The Group 2 Requests

46 The Group 2 Requests related broadly to the reliefs that the Defendant has
claimed:

(a) Request 3 concerned the Defendant’s claim that it had suffered loss and
damage (see para 23 of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1)). Dr Lim
sought full particulars of the basis on which the Defendant claimed to have
suffered loss and damage, as well as the quantum of the loss and damage,
together with the basis for the calculations.

(b) Request 4 concerned the Defendant’s claim for an order compelling the
Claimants and Dr Lim to repay the Defendant all monies received from the
Defendant because of the Inappropriate Claims (see relief (3) of the Defence
and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1)). Dr Lim sought a statement of the sum of
monies allegedly received and the basis of the Defendant’s calculation of the
sum.

47 Dr Lim submitted that the particulars sought must be provided because the
Defendant was, in his view, seeking special damages. Dr Lim also claimed that
the Defendant must be able to calculate the precise amount of loss. Dr Lim
asserted that he required particulars of the loss suffered to avoid surprise
at the trial. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See Dr Lim’s Written Submissions at paras 49 to 57.

48 The Defendant opposed both requests on the basis that they sought evidence,
and not material facts. Further, the Defendant claimed that assistance from
experts will be required to determine which of the claims submitted through
the MHC System were submitted in breach of the MOAs and/or fraudulently. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

See the Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 24 to 25.

49 I decided to disallow the Group 2 Requests for the following reasons.

50 First, it was not clear to me that the loss and damage that the Defendant
claimed it had suffered were special damages. Special damages refer to “damage
of a kind which is not the necessary and immediate consequence of the wrongful
act”. Such damages should be pleaded to provide fair warning to the
counterparty that the amount being claimed extends to these specific losses so
that the defendant will know the case that it needs to meet at trial. See for
example, Perestrello e Companhia Limitada v United Paint Co Ltd [1969] 1 WLR
570 (at 579). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See Dr Lim’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab 12.

The loss and damage that the Defendant claims to have suffered in this matter
may be described as losses that necessarily and immediately flowed from the
alleged breaches of the MOAs, and the alleged fraud and deceit. Given the
structure of the MOAs, it is reasonable to expect the Defendant to suffer the
losses it had pleaded to have suffered if the Defendant’s causes of action are
eventually made out at trial, namely, (i) the amounts that it would have to
repay to the Engaging Companies for amounts that the Defendant had allegedly
paid to the Claimants and Dr Lim for the Inappropriate Claims, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 23(b).

and (ii) the costs of engaging experts to audit all claims that had been
submitted through the MHC System. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) at para 23(c).

51 Secondly, and in any case, the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1)
contained adequate particulars to allow Dr Lim to understand the basic case
that he needed to meet in connection with the reliefs that the Defendant
claims against him. As mentioned, the Defendant explained in the Defence and
Counterclaim that the loss and damage that the Defendant had suffered fell
into two specific categories (see [50] above). Thus, the basic case that Dr
Lim needed to meet was clear from the existing pleadings. What Dr Lim was
seeking by the Group 2 Requests was a precise quantification. That crossed
into matters of evidence.

52 Thirdly, the Defendant had taken the position that expert evidence would be
required to assist with the exercise of determining which claims were
Inappropriate Claims and the quantum of loss that had been suffered because of
the submission of the Inappropriate Claims. While the Defendant had not yet
obtained permission to use expert evidence, if expert evidence were eventually
allowed to be used, Dr Lim would find out in due course, through the opinions
of the experts, the quantum of the Defendant’s alleged loss and the basis for
the calculations.

53 Fourthly, I did not think it was consistent with the Ideals to allow the
Group 2 Requests. It was not cost-effective in the present circumstances to
expect the Defendant to state, in its pleadings, the loss and the amount of
monies received from the Defendant as a result of the Inappropriate Claims.
The extent of the loss and the monies received were matters that are best
clarified through evidence, whether from experts or from factual witnesses. It
was not cost-effective to expect the Defendant to undertake the work of
quantifying the precise amounts that it was claiming at this juncture.

Conclusion

54 In summary, my decision was as follows:

(a) In relation to the Defendant’s SAPT (ie, SUM 2617), I dismissed the
prayers concerning the application for further and better particulars (ie,
prayers 1 to 4).

(b) In relation to Dr Lim’s SAPT (ie, SUM 2618), I only allowed paras 1 and 2
of Annex A to SUM 2618 (ie, the Group 1 Requests). Paragraphs 3 and 4 of Annex
A to SUM 2618 (ie, the Group 2 Requests) were disallowed.

55 After hearing the parties, I made the following orders on costs.

(a) Defendant’s SAPT:

(i) I ordered that the Defendant was to pay the Claimants costs fixed at
$2,500, all in. The Defendant only pursued one category against the Claimants
(see [20] above). The arguments on that single category did not take
significant time. Thus, I thought this was a case where costs should be
awarded at the lower end of the range in Appendix G of the Supreme Court
Practice Directions 2021 (“Appendix G”) for applications for further and
better particulars (the reference range is $2,000 to $9,000, excluding
disbursements).

(ii) I also ordered that the Defendant was to pay Dr Lim costs fixed at
$3,500, all in. The Defendant pursued two categories of requests against Dr
Lim (see [30] above). However, the arguments for both categories overlapped.
More time was spent addressing these categories as compared to the application
against the Claimants. Thus, bearing in mind the range in Appendix G and the
amount of disbursements that were claimed to have been incurred, my view was
that a quantum of $3,500, all in, was appropriate.

(b) Dr Lim’s SAPT: Both Dr Lim and the Defendant submitted that the
appropriate order was no order as to costs. I agreed with the parties that
this was the appropriate order in the circumstances. I allowed two requests
and disallowed two requests (see [54(b)] above). The time spent and the
complexity of the arguments for the allowed requests were broadly similar to
the time spent and the complexity of the arguments for the disallowed
requests.

56 I record my appreciation to all counsel for their helpful submissions.

Vikram Rajaram  
Assistant Registrar  
---  
  
Josephine Costan (David Nayar and Associates) for the claimants;

Colin Wu and Tammie Khor (Braddell Brothers LLP) for the defendant;

Ning Jie, Cedric Sun and Preshin Manmindar (Damodara Ong LLC) for the 10th
defendant by counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Nov 2023 (15:44 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

