Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGCA 4

Criminal Motion No 27 of 2022

Between

| Muhammad Abdul Hadi bin Haron  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Criminal review — Leave for review]

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Muhammad Abdul Hadi bin Haron

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2023] SGCA 4

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 27 of 2022  
Steven Chong JCA  
18 January 2023

3 February 2023 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong JCA:

Introduction

1 This is an application by Muhammad Abdul Hadi bin Haron (“the Applicant”)
for leave under s 394H(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”) to review an earlier judgment of the Court of Appeal in CA/CCA 36/2019
(“CCA 36”), which was reported in Muhammad Abdul Hadi bin Haron v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2021] 1 SLR 537 (“Hadi (CA)”). This application
is premised on the change in the law brought about by the decision of Gobi a/l
Avedian v Public Prosecutor [2021] 1 SLR 180 (“Gobi”) in respect of the proper
treatment of the concept of wilful blindness in the context of the presumption
under s 18(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) (the
“s 18(2) presumption”). In Gobi, the Court of Appeal held that the knowledge
that is to be presumed under s 18(2) is confined to actual knowledge. The
Prosecution is thus not permitted to invoke the s 18(2) presumption to presume
wilful blindness.

2 The present application is yet another addition to the litany of
applications for leave to review a concluded criminal appeal inspired by the
change of the law in Gobi. In three prior applications, Khartik Jasudass and
another v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 13 (“Khartik”), Datchinamurthy a/l
Kataiah v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA 30 (“Datchinamurthy”) and Rahmat bin
Karimon v Public Prosecutor [2021] 2 SLR 860 (“Rahmat”), the applicants
brought leave applications on the basis that following Gobi, the presumption
of knowledge under the s 18(2) presumption was not open to the Prosecution as
the Prosecution’s case at the trial had purportedly been based on wilful
blindness rather than on actual knowledge. Those leave applications all failed
for the same reason: that the Prosecution’s cases and the court’s decisions
were in fact based on actual knowledge and not wilful blindness. Those
applicants also regrettably all failed to appreciate the specific
circumstances of Gobi that caused prejudice to the accused in question – that
the Prosecution’s case at the trial was one of wilful blindness, but on
appeal, its case had changed to one of actual knowledge.

3 The present application is unfortunately, no different. Similar to the
applicants in Khartik, Datchinamurthy and Rahmat, the Applicant submits the
Prosecution ran an alternative case of wilful blindness which it sought to
establish through s 18(2) of the MDA, which was clarified to be impermissible
in the decision of Gobi. For the reasons below, I find that the Prosecution’s
case throughout the proceedings had in fact been based on actual knowledge,
and that the Applicant has therefore failed to demonstrate any legitimate
basis for the exercise of the court’s power of review.

Factual and procedural background

Background facts

4 The Applicant was instructed by the second appellant in CCA 36, Muhammad
Salleh bin Hamid (“Salleh”) to collect two black-taped bundles from one
“Kakak” in Johor Bahru, Malaysia. On 22 July 2015 at about 10.27am, the
Applicant entered Johor Bahru on his motorcycle. The Applicant picked up two
bundles wrapped in black tape from a woman known as “Kakak” and hid the two
bundles in his motorcycle. After the Applicant collected the drugs, he sent
Salleh messages (in Malay) stating: “total I have 2 pack only”; and “250
each”.

5 The Applicant returned to Singapore on the same day. Later that evening, at
about 7.10pm, officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) arrested the
Applicant at his residence. During questioning, the Applicant told one of the
CNB officers that the two bundles that he had collected from Johor Bahru were
in his motorcycle. The Applicant led the CNB officers to his motorcycle where
the two bundles were recovered.

6 Several statements were recorded from the Applicant. On 22 July 2015 at
8.15pm, the Applicant was served a notice regarding s 33B of the MDA. The
Applicant provided a response which was recorded in writing, stating that he
did not know the contents of the bundles, only that it was an “illegal thing”.
Two further contemporaneous statements were recorded on the same night, and
the Applicant’s cautioned statement was recorded the next day, on 23 July
2015. The Applicant’s long statement was recorded on 27 July 2015, five days
after his arrest. The Applicant raised his defence for the first time in this
statement, that he thought that the bundles contained “gold and cash”. At the
trial, the Applicant did not challenge the admissibility of his statements.

Procedural history

7 The Applicant was jointly tried with Salleh. At the trial, the Prosecution’s
case in relation to the Applicant was that he had actual knowledge that the
two bundles contained methamphetamine, and that in the alternative, s 18(2) of
the MDA applied to presume that the Applicant had actual knowledge of the
nature of the drugs, and the Applicant was unable to rebut this presumption.
The Applicant’s defence was that he thought that the bundles contained gold
and cash, as he had collected them in the course of his work as a courier for
Salleh, whom he knew to be a gold and currency investor.

8 On 10 January 2020, the trial judge (“the Trial Judge”) found that the
Applicant had failed to rebut the s 18(2) presumption on a balance of
probabilities and convicted the Applicant of the charge against him. The Trial
Judge’s primary findings were: that the Applicant’s defence was an
afterthought as he had only raised it five days after his arrest; that the
Applicant gave internally inconsistent explanations that affected the
credibility of his account; and that the Applicant told deliberate lies on a
material issue, which led to the irresistible conclusion that he was jointly
involved with Salleh in drug trafficking (Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Abdul
Hadi bin Haron and another [2020] 5 SLR 710 (“Hadi (HC)”) at [56]–[63]).

9 The Applicant appealed against his conviction and sentence. On 23 November
2020, this court dismissed the Applicant’s appeal. This court agreed with the
Trial Judge’s finding that the Applicant failed to rebut the s 18(2)
presumption. As there was no scope to reduce the sentence any further, the
Applicant’s appeal on sentence was also dismissed. On 2 December 2022, the
Applicant filed the present criminal motion. The Prosecution sought and was
granted an extension of time to file its written submissions by 19 January
2023.

Applicable law

10 As this court stated in Kreetharan s/o Kathireson v Public Prosecutor and
other matters [2020] 2 SLR 1175 at [17], only an application that discloses a
“legitimate basis for the exercise of this court’s power of review” should be
allowed to proceed. To determine if such a legitimate basis exists, the court
hearing the leave application would have to consider the requirements for a
review application stipulated in s 394J of the CPC.

11 Under s 394J(2) of the CPC, the applicant in a review application has to
demonstrate to the appellate court that there is (a) sufficient material on
which (b) the appellate court may conclude that there has been a miscarriage
of justice in the criminal matter in respect of which the earlier decision was
made (see also Gobi at [24]).

12 The requirement of sufficiency is set out in s 394J(3) of the CPC. For the
material to be “sufficient”, it must satisfy all the requirements set out in
ss 394J(3)(a)–(c) of the CPC:

(a) before the filing of the application for leave to make the review
application, the material has not been canvassed at any stage of the
proceedings in the criminal matter in respect of which the earlier decision
was made;

(b) even with reasonable diligence, the material could not have been adduced
in court earlier;

(c) the material is compelling, in that the material is reliable, substantial,
powerfully probative, and capable of showing almost conclusively that there
has been a miscarriage of justice in the criminal matter in respect of which
the earlier decision was made.

13 Crucially, where an applicant is relying on a change in the law, the text
of s 394J(4) of the CPC also provides an additional requirement that the legal
arguments are based on a change in the law that arose after the conclusion of
all proceedings relating to the criminal matter in respect of which the
earlier decision was made (see also Rahmat at [16]).

14 To determine whether there was a miscarriage of justice, the appellate
court has to consider if the decision in the criminal appeal that is sought to
be reopened is “demonstrably wrong” by considering whether it is apparent,
based only on the evidence tendered in support of the review application and
without any further inquiry that “there is a powerful probability that the
earlier decision is wrong” (see ss 394J(5)(a) and 394J(6)(a)–(b) of the CPC).
In the alternative, the court may conclude that there has been a miscarriage
of justice if the earlier decision is “tainted by fraud or a breach of the
rules of natural justice” (see s 394J(5)(b) of the CPC).

The parties’ cases in this application

15 The Applicant accepts that the Prosecution’s main case was one of actual
knowledge. However, the Applicant submits that the Prosecution sought to
establish an alternative case of wilful blindness using s 18(2) of the MDA.
Given the clarifications made on the law of wilful blindness in Gobi, the
Applicant submits that this court erred in finding that the Applicant failed
to rebut the s 18(2) presumption.

16 The Prosecution submits that it never ran a case of wilful blindness at any
point of time. Instead, the s 18(2) presumption was relied on to presume
actual knowledge. Further, there was no risk of any miscarriage of justice to
the Applicant as this court’s decision in Hadi (CA) was premised on the
Applicant’s failure to rebut the presumption of knowledge.

Issues to be determined

17 The principal issue to be determined is whether there is a legitimate basis
for the court to exercise its power of review. It is necessary to consider
whether, under s 394J(2) of the CPC, the sufficiency and miscarriage of
justice requirements have both been satisfied.

Sufficiency requirement

18 It bears emphasis that the requirements of sufficiency and miscarriage of
justice are a composite requirement under s 394J(2) of the CPC (Rahmat at
[22]). As per s 394J(3)(c) of the CPC, the new material is thus only
sufficient if it is “capable of showing almost conclusively that there has
been a miscarriage of justice”. Section 394J(3)(c) of the CPC also has a
relevancy threshold, which requires that the change in the law must be prima
facie relevant to show that the appellate court’s decision is demonstrably
wrong (Rahmat at [28]).

The Court of Appeal’s decision in Hadi (CA)

19 To determine if Gobi is relevant to this application, it is of vital
importance to examine this court’s decision in Hadi (CA). The crucial question
is whether this court relied on s 18(2) of the MDA to presume wilful
blindness, which is now impermissible following Gobi.

20 In my judgment, the answer to this question is unequivocally in the
negative. On appeal, this court upheld the Trial Judge’s decision that the
Applicant had failed to rebut the presumption of knowledge of the nature of
the drugs under s 18(2) of the MDA. Notably, as was done by the Trial Judge,
this court’s analysis was focused on the credibility of the Applicant’s
defence, as well as the inconsistencies in his statements and his account of
events. Having considered these, this court found that the Trial Judge was
“correct to reject [the Applicant’s] defence as an afterthought”: Hadi (CA) at
[22]. There was no reference to “wilful blindness” in either an evidential or
legal sense. Therefore, it is clear that this court’s decision in Hadi (CA)
was based on the appellant’s failure to rebut the s 18(2) presumption of
actual knowledge.

21 For completeness, I note that in Hadi (HC), the Trial Judge’s decision was
also premised on the appellant’s failure to rebut the presumption of actual
knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA. The Trial Judge made no reference to
“wilful blindness” in either an evidential or legal sense, nor did she make
any mention of language such as “suspicion” or “turning a blind eye”. Having
found that the Applicant had failed to prove on a balance of probabilities
that he believed he was carrying gold and cash, the Trial Judge found that the
Applicant had failed to rebut the s 18(2) presumption that he had knowledge of
the nature of the drugs.

The Prosecution’s case at the trial

22 In this application, as was the case in Datchinamurthy, Khartik and Rahmat,
the Applicant’s submissions mainly focused on the Prosecution’s case at the
trial. As a preliminary point, it must be emphasised that the review
application should in fact be directed at the earlier decision of the
appellate court, which in this case, is Hadi (CA) (see Datchinamurthy at
[25]). The Prosecution’s case at the trial and the trial judge’s decision are
thus only relevant to the extent that they inform the context behind the
appellate court’s decision. The Prosecution’s case at the trial and the trial
judge’s holding would be of significance where the Prosecution had changed its
case from the trial to appeal, as was the case in Gobi, because the change in
the Prosecution’s case (from one of wilful blindness at the trial to actual
knowledge on appeal) might prejudice the accused person. However, this was not
the case here, as the Prosecution’s case throughout the trial and the appeal
was never premised on wilful blindness.

23 From its opening address, it was clear that the Prosecution would be
relying on the “presumptions of possession and knowledge of the controlled
drugs under sections 18(1) and 18(2) of the MDA” [emphasis added]. There was
no mention of an alternative case of wilful blindness.

24 The Prosecution’s cross-examination of the Applicant also did not indicate
that there was an alternative case of wilful blindness. Pursuant to its case
of actual knowledge, the Prosecution expressly put to the Applicant on several
occasions that he had actual knowledge of the items in his possession:

Q Alright. I just put it to you. You can disagree or dis---or agree. That
means I put it to you, you actually knew what 250 is in the context of 37 and
38. You disagree or you agree?

A I disagree, Your Honour.

…

Q … I’m going to redo it again. That I’m going to reiterate this. That I’m
going to put to you that you have actual knowledge that the items in question,
in particular, on the 27th, 22nd of July that day, the two bags, the two
packages, you knew that they were drugs. Agree or disagree?

A I disagree, Your Honour.

[emphasis added]

25 Immediately following this, the Prosecution then asked the Applicant the
following question (the “Question”):

Q Now even if—even if you denied it, even if this is not true, the
circumstances under which you have taken delivery of the items, on the 22nd of
July, the two black packet, are so suspicious that you should have opened up
the bundle to check. Agree, disagree?

A I disagree, Your Honour, because this was not the first time and the first
occasion I have already checked.

[emphasis added]

26 The Applicant submits that the use of the word “suspicious” in the Question
was indicative of the Prosecution’s alternative case that was premised on
wilful blindness. I disagree. The inquiry should not focus on isolated phrases
that were used in the course of cross-examination, but on the case that was
put to the Applicant. Considering the Prosecution’s argument as a whole, the
Question appears to be directed at establishing that the Applicant had no
basis for his belief that the bundles in his possession contained gold and
cash. At no point did the Prosecution concede that the Applicant did not have
actual knowledge of the nature of the drugs or imply that the Applicant was
wilfully blind to the nature of the drugs. It was also never put to the
Applicant that he was wilfully blind. That the Prosecution’s case at the trial
was never premised on wilful blindness is reflected in the decision of the
Trial Judge and the decision of this court on appeal as elaborated at
[19]–[21] above.

27 The Prosecution’s closing submissions at the trial also made no reliance on
wilful blindness. The Prosecution’s closing submissions at the trial were
framed as follows:

(a) The Applicant had actual knowledge of the nature of the drugs, as Salleh
gave credible evidence that he had an oral agreement with the Applicant to
traffic in methamphetamine and that the Applicant’s lies provided
corroborative evidence that he had actual knowledge of the methamphetamine.

(b) In the alternative, the Applicant had failed to rebut the presumption of
knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA as he had failed to prove, on a balance of
probabilities, that he did not know the nature of the drugs.

As such, while the Prosecution did present an alternative case in its closing
submissions, this alternative case was that s 18(2) of the MDA applied to
presume that the Applicant had knowledge of the nature of the drug, and that
he had failed to rebut this presumption.

28 Significantly, the Prosecution’s alternative case in its closing
submissions was focused on establishing that the Applicant’s account that the
bundles contained “gold and cash” was not credible. In its closing
submissions, the Prosecution first outlined the following principles from
Obeng Comfort v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 633 (“Obeng Comfort”) at [40]:

40 Where the accused has stated what he thought he was carrying (“the
purported item”), the court will assess the veracity of his assertion against
the objective facts and examine his actions relating to the purported item.
This assessment will naturally be a highly fact-specific inquiry. For example,
the court will generally consider the nature, the value and the quantity of
the purported item and any reward for transporting such an item. If it is an
ordinary item that is easily available in the country of receipt, the court
would want to know why it was necessary for him to transport it from another
country. If it is a perishable or fragile item, the court would consider
whether steps were taken to preserve it or to prevent damage to it. If it is a
precious item, the court would consider whether steps were taken to keep it
safe from loss through theft or otherwise. If it is a dangerous item, the
court would consider how the item was packed and handled. Ultimately, what the
court is concerned with is the credibility and veracity of the accused’s
account (ie, whether his assertion that he did not know the nature of the
drugs is true). This depends not only on the credibility of the accused as a
witness but also on how believable his account relating to the purported item
is.

[emphasis added]

In line with the principles elucidated in this extract from Obeng Comfort, the
Prosecution’s alternative case focused on assessing the credibility and
veracity of the Applicant’s account that he believed that the items in his
possession were “gold and cash”.

29 The Prosecution substantiated its alternative case with the following
reasons:

(a) the Applicant’s lies at the trial affected his credibility as a witness;

(b) the Applicant’s defence that the items were gold and cash was an
afterthought;

(c) the circumstances in which the Applicant collected the drugs were highly
suspicious (the “Suspicious Circumstances Reason”); and

(d) the Applicant failed to give a logical explanation as to how the contents
of the two bundles resembled gold and cash.

In its explanation of the Suspicious Circumstances Reason, the Prosecution
made reference to terms such as “blind faith”, “turn a blind eye” and
“refrained from making further queries”. It appears that the usage of such
language formed a key basis for the Applicant’s contention that the
Prosecution relied on s 18(2) of the MDA to presume that the Applicant was
wilfully blind to the drugs in his possession. However, this is misconceived.

30 In my view, the Prosecution canvassed the Suspicious Circumstances Reason
to establish that there was no basis for the Applicant’s belief that he was
dealing with gold and cash on 22 July 2015, and that this in turn undermined
the credibility of his account. This was in line with the Prosecution’s
overall approach to its alternative case, which was to establish that the
Applicant’s defence lacked credibility and that accordingly, the Applicant
failed to rebut the s 18(2) presumption of knowledge. The Prosecution did this
by comparing the Applicant’s evidence as to his subjective knowledge with what
an ordinary, reasonable person would have known or done if placed in the same
situation. This is also in line with this court’s guidance in Obeng Comfort at
[37], affirmed in Gobi at [66] that:

… The court assesses the accused’s evidence as to his subjective knowledge by
comparing it with what an ordinary, reasonable person would have known or done
if placed in the same situation that the accused was in. If such an ordinary,
reasonable person would surely have known or taken steps to establish the
nature of the drug in question, the accused would have to adduce evidence to
persuade the court that nevertheless he, for reasons special to himself or to
his situation, did not have such knowledge or did not take such steps. It
would then be for the court to assess the credibility of the accused’s account
on a balance of probabilities. …

[emphasis added]

31 To further demonstrate that the Prosecution’s approach at the trial was in
line with this court’s guidance in Obeng Comfort at [37] and [40], I break
down the Prosecution’s sub-arguments for the Suspicious Circumstances Reason.

(a) First, the Prosecution made an overall comment that the circumstances in
which the Applicant collected the two bundles were “high[ly] suspicious”, and
that he had every reason to make nquiries or to take a look at the items
collected. This is consistent with the guidance from Obeng at [37] that if an
ordinary reasonable person would surely have known or taken steps to establish
the nature of the drug in question, the accused would have to adduce evidence
to persuade the court that nevertheless he, for reasons unique to him or to
his situation, did not take such steps.

(b) Second, the Prosecution highlighted that it was “plainly absurd” that the
Applicant trusted that “Kakak”, who was a complete stranger to him, would have
handed him gold and cash. In my view, the language of “absurdity” is further
indicative of the Prosecution’s argument that the accused’s account was
unbelievable and therefore, devoid of credibility.

(c) Third, the Prosecution submitted that the Applicant should have made
“enquiries” as to what “250” meant and that he was willing to turn a “blind
eye” to this to get the job done for remuneration. The Prosecution also
elaborated that a “reasonable person in his shoes” would have asked what the
numbers meant. This appears to be directed at establishing that the
Applicant’s account lacked credibility as an ordinary reasonable person would
surely have made the relevant enquiries to ascertain the meaning of the
numbers. In line with its argument of actual knowledge, the Prosecution also
expressly disagreed with the Applicant’s submission that he “did not know”
what “250 each” meant.

(d) Fourth, the Prosecution submitted that the bundle, which was packed in a
compact bundle instead of a rectangular one, should have raised the
Applicant’s suspicions, but that the Applicant simply disagreed with this
proposition without further explanation. This was also in furtherance of the
Prosecution’s argument that the Applicant’s account lacked credibility, as he
was unable to provide any reasons as to why his suspicions were not aroused.

32 In my view, the Prosecution did not run an alternative case of wilful
blindness. The Prosecution’s alternative case was premised on s 18(2) of the
MDA applying to presume that the Applicant had actual knowledge of the nature
of the drug, and that the Applicant had failed to rebut this presumption. I
should add that where the Prosecution’s case, whether mounted as a primary or
alternative case, is premised on the presumption of actual knowledge under s
18(2) of the MDA, there can be no dispute that it is for the accused person to
rebut the presumption by offering an explanation for his belief that the items
in his possession were items other than drugs. In that context, it is
completely understandable for the Prosecution to challenge the accused’s
credibility because if that accused cannot be believed in that respect, it
must follow that he would have failed to rebut the presumption on a balance of
probabilities. Indeed, the isolated phrases relied on by the Applicant were
employed by the Prosecution to challenge the Applicant’s belief that the
bundles contained “gold and cash” ie, to demonstrate that the presumption of
actual knowledge had not been rebutted.

33 Given that the Prosecution’s case was not premised on wilful blindness, the
change in the law in Gobi has no relevance to the leave application. There is
thus no basis for the argument that the decision in Gobi is capable of showing
almost conclusively that there has been a miscarriage of justice in Hadi (CA).
As the sufficiency requirement has not been satisfied, there can be no
miscarriage of justice.

Additional statutory requirement in s 394J(4) of the CPC

34 It should be noted that the Applicant has strictly failed to fulfil the
additional statutory requirement in s 394J(4) of the CPC. Section 394J(4) of
the CPC makes it clear that the Applicant must show that his legal arguments
are based on a change of the law that took place after the conclusion of the
proceedings in CCA 36, and that this is an “additional requirement” to be
fulfilled for a finding of sufficiency under s 394J(2) of the CPC. As the
decision in Gobi was handed down on 19 October 2020, slightly over a month
before this court’s decision in Hadi (CA), I accept that the true legal effect
of the decision in Gobi might not have been fully appreciated by the
Applicant’s counsel prior to this court’s decision in Hadi (CA). In deciding
this application, I did not strictly enforce this additional statutory
requirement against the Applicant as there is no merit in the change in the
law argument and hence it would not have made any difference to the outcome of
this application.

Conclusion

35 Accordingly, I find that the Applicant has failed to show a legitimate
basis for the court to review his appeal in CCA 36. This application is
therefore dismissed.

Steven Chong  
Justice of the Court of Appeal|  
---|---  
  
The applicant in person;

Marcus Foo and Rimplejit Kaur (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Feb 2023 (12:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

