Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 40

Suit No 349 of 2020 (Summons No 5179 of 2021)

Between

| SpaceSATS Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Chan Chia Sern  
---|---  
(2)| Plasma Innovation Labs Pte Ltd  
(3)| Xu Luxiang  
(4)| Oleksii Cherkun (Alex)  
(5)| Wei Deyuan  
(6)| Huang Shiyong  
  
… Defendants

And Between

(1)| Chan Chia Sern  
---|---  
(2)| Plasma Innovation Labs Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs in Counterclaim

And

(1)| SpaceSATS Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Black Diamond Capital Pte Ltd  
(3)| Goh Wei Jie  
  
… Defendants in Counterclaim

And Between

| Huang Shiyong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

| SpaceSATS Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant in Counterclaim

And Between

| Black Diamond Capital Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

(1)| Chan Chia Sern  
---|---  
(2)| Plasma Innovation Labs Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants in Counterclaim

JUDGMENT

[Contempt of court — Disobedience of order of court]

[Contempt of court — Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
SpaceSATS Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Chan Chia Sern and others

[2023] SGHC 40

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 349 of 2020 (Summons No 5179 of
2021)  
S Mohan J  
17 January, 5 August, 17 October, 21 December 2022

21 February 2023 Judgment reserved.

S Mohan J:

Introduction

1 HC/SUM 5179/2021 (“SUM 5179”) is the plaintiff’s application for the first
defendant, Dr Chan Chia Sern (“Dr Chan”), to be committed to prison and/or
fined for breaching an order of court, namely HC/ORC 4159/2021 (the “Order”).
The application is brought against Dr Chan both in his personal capacity as
the first defendant, and in his capacity as the second defendant’s sole
director.

Background facts

Background to the dispute

2 The plaintiff is a joint venture between the second defendant, Plasma
Innovation Labs Pte Ltd (“PILS”), and the second defendant-in-counterclaim,
Black Diamond Capital Pte Ltd. The plaintiff was established to develop and
exploit proprietary technology relating to the development and production of
micro plasma thrusters for use in small satellites. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement pursuant to Order 52 Rule 2(2) of the Rules of Court (“Statement of
Committal”) at para 7.

3 The first defendant, Dr Chan, was the plaintiff’s erstwhile Chief Executive
Officer. He is also the sole director and shareholder of PILS. The third to
sixth defendants were scientists who worked for the plaintiff (either on
secondment or as its employees): Mr Xu Luxiang, Mr Oleksii Cherkun (Alex), Dr
Wei Deyuan, and Dr Huang Shiyong. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Committal at para 8.

4 In early 2020, the plaintiff suspected that its intellectual property rights
(“IPRs”) were not being properly secured from the scientists. It requested for
the scientists’ work product to be handed over, but the request went ignored
by Dr Chan and the third to sixth defendants. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Committal at para 9.

5 Consequently, on 15 April 2020, the plaintiff commenced this action against
the defendants for (among other wrongs) breaches of various agreements to
maintain confidentiality and surrender IPRs and work product. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Committal at para 9; Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) amended
on 22 September 2020.

In turn, it sought (among other reliefs) the delivery up of the defendants’
personal laptops and of external storage devices that had been connected to
the plaintiff’s laptops. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at pages 42 to 47.

6 After writing to the defendants on 23 June 2020, the plaintiff managed to
recover the SpaceSATS laptops that had been issued to Dr Chan and the other
defendants on 4 July 2020. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Committal at para 10.

It sent those laptops to a firm of computer forensic investigators, Infinity
Forensics Pte Ltd (“Infinity”). Infinity’s investigations showed that data had
been copied from the laptops onto external storage devices, before being
deleted from the laptops. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Committal at para 12; 1st Affidavit of Mr Alireza Fazelinasab
dated 25 August 2020 (“Mr Fazelinasab’s 1st Affidavit”) at paras 14 to 15, 19
to 20, 25 to 30.

Two of the laptops had also been reset to factory settings, which had the
effect of permanently deleting all the files contained therein. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Fazelinasab’s 1st Affidavit at paras 32 and 36.

7 Apart from the laptops, the plaintiff also sought access to its “Vodien
account”, which had been held in Dr Chan’s name. Vodien is a service provider
which hosted the plaintiff’s e-mail and web hosting accounts. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of Committal at para 38.

Further, the plaintiff sought to have Mr Goh Wei Jie (“Mr Goh”), its other
director, appointed as an administrator of the plaintiff’s CorpPass account.
This was so that the plaintiff could comply with its statutory obligations,
for instance, its obligation to lodge the plaintiff’s annual returns with the
Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions for SUM 5179 at para 10.

The Order

8 On 6 July 2020, the plaintiff applied for summary judgment on its claim in
HC/S 349/2020 (the “Suit”), vide HC/SUM 2664/2020 (“SUM 2664”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Committal at para 11.

The reliefs sought in SUM 2664 were amended by the plaintiff on 28 October
2020. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statement of Committal at paras 13 and 14.

The application was heard and eventually, most of the reliefs in the amended
application were granted by Chan Seng Onn J (as he then was) on 12 July 2021,
and the Order was extracted accordingly.

9 For the purposes of the present application, only the following orders are
relevant.

10 First, the first defendant (Dr Chan) was required to take the following
steps within seven days of the date of the Order (ie, by 19 July 2021):

(a) deliver up his personal laptop(s) and specified external storage devices
that had been connected to his SpaceSATS laptop (paragraph 1 of the Order);

(b) transfer the administration of the Vodien account to Mr Goh (paragraph 9
of the Order); and

(c) add Mr Goh and the plaintiff’s company secretary as CorpPass
administrators for the plaintiff with ACRA (paragraph 10 of the Order).

11 Further, the Order required the second defendant (PILS) to deliver up the
personal laptops and external storage devices which the first, third, fourth
and sixth defendants had been ordered to deliver up under the Order (paragraph
2 of the Order). This was also to be done within seven days of the date of the
Order, ie, by 19 July 2021.

12 All of the personal laptops and external storage devices described in [10]
and [11] above were to be delivered to Millennium Law LLC (“Millennium Law”),
Dr Chan’s solicitors. Millennium Law was to then deliver the personal laptops
and external storage devices to a firm of computer forensic investigators
engaged by the plaintiff.

13 The Order also provided that:

(a) the first and second defendants were to pay the plaintiff $21,000.00
forthwith, as the cost incurred for Infinity’s computer forensic
investigations (paragraph 11 of the Order);

(b) interest at 5.33% per annum was to be payable on the sum of $21,000.00
from the date of the Order to the date of full payment (paragraph 16 of the
Order); and

(c) the first, second, third, fourth and sixth defendants were to pay the
plaintiff costs fixed at $10,000 and disbursements fixed at $3,000 (paragraph
17 of the Order).

14 The plaintiff filed SUM 5179 on the basis that Dr Chan had failed to comply
with all the foregoing orders, ie, paragraphs 1, 2, 9, 10, 11, 16, and 17 of
the Order, either in his personal capacity as the first defendant or in his
capacity as the second defendant’s director.

15 At the hearing of SUM 5179 on 5 August 2022, the plaintiff’s solicitors
confirmed that the sums due under paragraphs 11, 16 and 17 of the Order (see
[13] above) had since been satisfied. Mr Goh’s affidavit dated 7 June 2022
similarly confirmed that the plaintiff had garnished the remaining sums in
February 2022, such that no outstanding costs orders remained unsatisfied. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

12th Affidavit of Mr Goh Wei Jie dated 7 June 2022 (“Mr Goh’s 12th Affidavit”)
at paras 18 and 19. See also Affidavit of Dr Chan Chia Sern dated 4 May 2022
(“Dr Chan’s May 2022 Affidavit”) in Exhibit CCS-2, pages 16 and 17.

16 The committal proceedings thus focused on Dr Chan’s compliance with the
remaining three sets of orders, which may be conveniently grouped as follows:

(a) the delivery up of personal laptops and external storage devices
(paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Order);

(b) the transfer of the administration of the Vodien account (paragraph 9 of
the Order); and

(c) the adding of CorpPass administrators (paragraph 10 of the Order).

Procedural history

17 The Order was extracted on 27 July 2021. It was served personally on Dr
Chan on 28 July 2021, endorsed with a penal notice. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Statement of Committal at para 16 and Tab 4.

18 On 7 October 2021, the plaintiff filed HC/SUM 4653/2021 (“SUM 4653”),
seeking leave to commence committal proceedings against Dr Chan. Accompanying
SUM 4653 were the Statement of Committal and Mr Goh’s verifying affidavit,
filed pursuant to O 52 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed) (“ROC”). Leave was granted by me ex parte on 2 November 2021, and the
leave order (HC/ORC 6141/2021 or “ORC 6141”) was extracted on 3 November 2021.

19 On 9 November 2021, the plaintiff filed SUM 5179. On 19 November 2021, Dr
Chan was served with the following documents at his residential address: SUM
4653, the Statement of Committal, the verifying affidavit, ORC 6141, and SUM
5179. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions for SUM 5179 at para 12.

20 I then heard parties on three occasions: 17 January, 5 August and 17
October 2022.

21 On 17 January 2022, Dr Chan appeared in person. After hearing the parties’
brief submissions, I decided to adjourn the hearing, primarily to allow Dr
Chan time to take such steps as he thought necessary to regularise matters,
including steps to purge his contempt and comply with the Order. Given the
serious nature of the application, I adjourned the hearing also to allow Dr
Chan the opportunity to appoint solicitors to represent him at the committal
hearing, if he so desired.

22 At the resumed hearing on 5 August 2022, Dr Chan was represented by his
former solicitors, Millennium Law. I first heard and dismissed HC/SUM
1697/2022 (“SUM 1697”) with costs, giving brief oral grounds. SUM 1697 was an
application by the first and second defendants for the Order to be varied by
removing paragraphs 1, 2 and 11 from the Order. In brief, I found that a court
of co-ordinate jurisdiction to the court that granted the Order lacked the
power to do what Dr Chan sought in SUM 1697, which was to effectively reverse
the Order, which itself was a final order granted pursuant to the plaintiff’s
summary judgment application. In any event, there were also no grounds
justifying a setting aside or variation of the Order, even assuming the court
had the power to do so.

23 I then continued to hear SUM 5179. Substantive arguments were ventilated,
and in the course of the hearing, counsel for Dr Chan, Ms Debbie Lee (“Ms
Lee”), claimed that there were other devices that they had handed over to Dr
Chan’s expert for identification. However, this was not set out in any
affidavit, including that of Dr Chan’s forensic expert. Following Ms Lee’s
request, I adjourned the hearing again and allowed the first and second
defendants to file a further affidavit to clarify what devices had been
received by their expert, when, and from whom, and to explain the conclusions
reached by the expert on whether those devices fell within the list of devices
enumerated in the Order. The plaintiff was allowed to respond to the further
affidavit.

24 The further affidavits were duly filed, and the matter came before me for
the third time on 17 October 2022. At that hearing, Ms Lee fairly acknowledged
that even as of 17 October 2022, full compliance had not been achieved.
Instead, Ms Lee’s core argument was that Dr Chan’s efforts to-date ought to
carry a mitigating effect on sentencing.

25 After hearing arguments on 17 October 2022, I reserved judgment.
Subsequently, and in the course of my deliberations, it emerged that there was
a potential issue on whether the requirements for service of the Order under O
45 r 7(2)(b) of the ROC had been complied with. I therefore directed that
further submissions be tendered by the parties to address the point, which
they did on 7 and 21 December 2022. I discuss this issue further from [36]
below.

Issues and parties’ positions

26 The two primary issues that arise for my consideration in SUM 5179 are:

(a) whether an order of committal ought to be made against Dr Chan, in his
capacity as the first defendant and as the second defendant’s officer; and

(b) if so, what sentence ought to be imposed on Dr Chan.

27 The first issue revolves around the defendants’ compliance with three sets
of obligations, as summarised above at [16]:

(a) the delivery up of personal laptops and external storage devices;

(b) the transfer of the administration of the Vodien account; and

(c) the adding of CorpPass administrators.

I will address the parties’ positions on the state of compliance with each set
of obligations in greater depth below.

28 As for the second issue, it suffices to note that the plaintiff’s
solicitors sought a substantial term of imprisonment, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions for SUM 5179 at para 30.

while counsel for Dr Chan submitted (at the hearing on 17 October 2022) that a
fine would be appropriate in this case.

My decision

Applicable legal principles

29 The applicable legal principles for a committal application are well
established.

30 Pursuant to s 4(1) of the Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016
(Act 19 of 2016) (“AJPA”), an intentional breach of an order of court amounts
to a contempt of court:

Contempt by disobedience of court order or undertaking, etc.

4.—(1) Any person who —

(a) intentionally disobeys or breaches any judgment, decree, direction, order,
writ or other process of a court; or

(b) intentionally breaches any undertaking given to a court,

commits a contempt of court.

[emphasis added]

31 The mens rea requirement that the contemnor has “intentionally disobey[ed]
or breache[d]” an order of court is set to a low threshold. It suffices that
the relevant conduct was intentional, and that the contemnor knew of all the
facts that rendered such conduct a breach of the order (such as the order’s
existence and its terms). The contemnor need not appreciate that he was
breaching the order, and his motives and reasons for disobedience are relevant
only to the question of mitigation. It is thus said that “liability is strict
in the sense that all that is required to be proved is service of the order
and the subsequent omission by the party to comply with the order”: PT
Sandipala Arthaputra v STMicroelectronics Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and others
[2018] 4 SLR 828 (“PT Sandipala”) at [47]–[48].

32 Procedurally, committal proceedings proceed in two steps: Mok Kah Hong v
Zheng Zhuan Yao [2016] 3 SLR 1 (“Mok Kah Hong”) at [56]. Leave is first sought
to commence committal proceedings, followed by the application for an order of
committal proper. As explained in PT Sandipala at [46], the latter application
calls on the court to:

(a) First, ascertain what the order of court in question expected of the
alleged contemnor. The court is guided by the order’s plain meaning, and
resolves any ambiguities in the alleged contemnor’s favour.

(b) Second, ascertain if the order’s requirements have in fact been fulfilled.
The plaintiff must moreover show that the alleged contemnor had the requisite
mens rea when failing to comply with the order.

33 In the application for the committal order proper, the criminal standard of
proof (ie, beyond a reasonable doubt) applies: see s 28 of the AJPA and Mok
Kah Hong at [85].

34 As to the persons who can be found guilty of contempt of court, where a
corporation is guilty of contempt, its director can be guilty of the same
contempt, provided the conditions in s 6(2) of the AJPA are met:

Contempt by corporations

6.—

…

(2) Where a corporation commits contempt of court under this Act, a person —

(a) who is —

(i) an officer of the corporation, or a member of a corporation whose affairs
are managed by its members; or

(ii) an individual who is involved in the management of the corporation and is
in a position to influence the conduct of the corporation in relation to the
commission of the contempt of court; and

(b) who —

(i) consented or connived, or conspired with others, to effect the commission
of the contempt of court;

(ii) is in any other way, whether by act or omission, knowingly concerned in,
or is party to, the commission of the contempt of court by the corporation; or

(iii) knew or ought reasonably to have known that the contempt of court by the
corporation (or contempt of court of the same type) would be or is being
committed, and failed to take all reasonable steps to prevent or stop the
commission of that contempt of court,

shall be guilty of the same contempt of court as is the corporation, and shall
be liable on being found guilty of contempt of court to be punished
accordingly.

…

(7) In this section —

…

“officer”, in relation to a corporation, means any director, partner, chief
executive, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the corporation, and
includes —

(a) any person purporting to act in any such capacity; and

(b) for a corporation whose affairs are managed by its members, any of those
members as if the member was a director of the corporation;

[emphasis added]

35 Ms Lee does not seriously dispute that s 6(2) would apply to Dr Chan as an
officer of the second defendant, such that he can be found guilty of the same
contempt as the second defendant. In my judgment, it is beyond dispute that
this must be so. Dr Chan’s role and involvement in the second defendant (as
its sole director), as well as his knowledge of the Order and the second
defendant’s non-compliance, must mean that he was “by act or omission,
knowingly concerned in, or … party to, the commission of [the second
defendant’s] contempt” (s 6(2)(b)(ii)) and that he “knew or ought reasonably
to have known that the contempt of court by the [second defendant] … would be
or is being committed, and failed to take all reasonable steps to prevent or
stop the commission of that contempt of court” (s 6(2)(b)(iii)). I am
therefore satisfied that if the second defendant had failed to comply with
paragraph 2 of the Order, Dr Chan would be guilty of the same contempt of
court as the second defendant, and would be liable to be punished accordingly
on that basis (in addition to his personal breaches as the first defendant).

Preliminary issue on service

36 Before analysing the alleged breaches, I address a preliminary procedural
point as to whether the plaintiff has complied with O 45 r 7(2)(b) of the ROC.

Plaintiff’s non-compliance with O 45 r 7(2)(b) of the ROC

37 O 45 r 7(2)(b) requires, “in the case of an order requiring a person to do
an act,” that the order is “served before the expiration of the time within
which he was required to do the act”. Only then can the order “be enforced
under Rule 5” – which for the purposes of this case includes enforcement by
way of an order of committal (O 45 r 5(1)(i)). O 45 r 7 must be complied with
prior to a committal application under O 52 r 2 (Singapore Court Practice 2017
(Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis Singapore, 2017) at para 52/2/1C). As the
Court of Appeal stressed in Tan Teck Kee v Ratan Kumar Rai [2022] SGCA 62,
service in the context of contempt proceedings is not a mere formality, and a
failure to comply with O 45 r 7(2)(b) would ordinarily not only be prejudicial
to an alleged contemnor, but also “simply contradict good order and common
sense” (at [123]).

38 The Order was made by Chan J on 12 July 2021. Compliance was due “within
seven (7) days of th[e] Order”, ie, by 19 July 2021. As such, for the
plaintiff to comply with O 45 r 7(2)(b), the Order needed to be served before
19 July 2021. However, the Order was only extracted on 27 July 2021 and served
personally on Dr Chan on 28 July 2021.

39 The reason for this delay appears to be that parties needed some time to
finalise the wording of the Order:

(a) On 14 July 2021, the plaintiff’s solicitors sent Millennium Law a letter
containing the plaintiff’s “proposed terms of the draft order of court”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Affidavit of Dr Chan Chia Sern dated 13 January 2022 (“Dr Chan’s Jan 2022
Affidavit”) at p 9.

That letter consolidated a number of orders common to the defendants, and
invited comments and amendments from Dr Chan’s solicitors by 16 July 2021.

(b) However, Millennium Law only replied via e-mail on 19 July 2021 at 5.04pm
– the date by which compliance was required under the Order. Even then, its
reply was not a substantive one. Instead, it asked the plaintiff’s solicitors
to “hold [their] hands while [Millennium Law made] some clarifications on the
… external storage devices with [Dr Chan]”. Further, they arranged for a
meeting on 21 July 2021 “to discuss [the defendants’] proposed amendments”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Dr Chan’s Jan 2022 Affidavit at pp 19 and 20.

(c) Further correspondence was exchanged on the proposed wording of the orders
until 22 July 2021, when Millennium Law sent a letter attaching “the duly
executed draft Order of Court for [the plaintiff’s solicitors’] necessary
action”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Dr Chan’s Jan 2022 Affidavit at pp 62 to 67.

40 In light of these circumstances, I called for further submissions on two
issues:

(i) Has O 45 r 7(2)(b) of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(‘ROC’) been complied with?

(ii) If the answer to issue (i) above is in the negative, what consequences
follow? In particular, can and if so, should the court dispense with service
of the order pursuant to O 45 r 7(7) of the ROC? Further, can and if so should
the court cure any non-compliance with the said rule? In this regard, parties
are to also submit on the date on or by which the 1st Defendant had knowledge
of what he was required to do to comply timeously with the order.

41 On issue (i), the plaintiff accepted that O 45 r 7(2)(b) of the ROC has not
been complied with. It also accepted that it did not seek to regularise
matters by applying for an extension of time for the defendants to comply with
the Order. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions dated 7 December 2022 at para 8.

Given my observation at [38] above that the plaintiff’s service of the Order
was not timeous, it is clear that O 45 r 7(2)(b) has not been complied with.

Dispensation with the requirement of service pursuant to O 45 r 7(7) of the
ROC

42 Turning to issue (ii), the plaintiff urged me to cure its non-compliance by
exercising my discretion under O 45 r 7(7) of the ROC to dispense with the
requirement of service. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions dated 7 December 2022 at paras 12 and 16 to
34.

Order 45 rule 7(7) empowers the court to “dispense with service of a copy of
an order under [O 45] if it thinks it just to do so”. For the following
reasons, I agree that this is a proper case for service to be dispensed with,
and I so order.

43 The law is clear that a court can exercise its powers under O 45 r 7(7)
retrospectively: OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP and others v Burhan Uray (alias
Wong Ming Kiong) and others [2005] 3 SLR(R) 60 (“OCM Opportunities”) at [20].
In deciding whether to dispense with service, the court has a wide and
unfettered discretion: OCM Opportunities at [23]. It will consider all
circumstances, including in particular whether the defendant was already aware
of or ought to have been aware of the order’s terms at the time of non-
compliance: Ho Seow Wan v Ho Poey Wee and others [2015] SGHC 235 (“Ho Seow
Wan”) at [13]. Ho Seow Wan moreover suggests that the circumstances identified
under O 45 r 7(6) may be “useful but not exhaustive circumstances” for the
court’s consideration, notwithstanding that r 7(6) is on its face concerned
with prohibitory orders. The circumstances referred to in r 7(6) concern
whether the contemnor already had notice of the order pending service, either
by being present when the order was made, or by being notified of its terms.

44 In my view, these principles are all designed to give effect to the central
inquiry under O 45 r 7(7), namely, whether the court thinks it just to
dispense with the requirement of service. The following three cases provide an
illustration of when dispensation with the requirement of service would be
just.

45 In OCM Opportunities, the applicant had failed to effect personal service
and to serve penal notices (see [15] and [25]). The court nevertheless
dispensed with the requirement of service as the contemnors were “undoubtedly
aware” of the orders’ terms and alive to the consequences of non-compliance
(at [25]). This was evidenced by the fact that the contemnors made various
applications to forestall compliance with the disclosure orders and cross-
examination. Further, the contemnors affirmed holding affidavits of assets,
suggesting that they knew what was required of them under the Mareva
injunction and the consequences of non-compliance.

46 Maruti Shipping Pte Ltd v Tay Sien Djim and others [2014] SGHC 227 (“Maruti
Shipping”) was another case involving a failure to effect personal service
altogether (see [112]). Similar to OCM Opportunities, the court dispensed with
the requirement of service as the contemnor was aware of the orders’ terms and
alive to the consequences of non-compliance (at [113]). The contemnor admitted
on cross-examination to having read the orders’ terms and the penal notices.
The court found that the latest date on which the contemnor would have
obtained notice of the orders was 8 September 2010 as he was already involved
in preparing the third defendant’s defence by then. On 8 September 2010, the
company (of which he was a director) was still in continuing breach of the
Anton Piller order and Mareva injunction (at [113] and [120]).

47 The facts in Ho Seow Wan come closer to the present case, being another
case involving delayed service. The relevant order had been made on 1 August
2012 and ordered the contemnors to take certain steps by 24 September 2012.
However, the order was only extracted on 19 September 2012 and served on the
contemnors on 20 September 2012 (at [7]). Nevertheless, the court dispensed
with the requirement of service as the contemnors admitted that their
solicitors had explained the scope and substance of the order to them on 2
August 2012, one day after the order was made (at [18]). The delay in
extracting and serving the order arose as parties needed to clarify its
effect, which they did at a hearing on 3 September 2012 (at [6]). However,
those clarifications did not pertain to the terms that were the subject of the
breaches (at [16]–[17]). In other words, the contemnors already knew what was
required of them just one day after the order was made.

48 On one view, the present case is somewhat trickier than Ho Seow Wan because
the Order was served after the period for compliance had already fully
elapsed. On another view, it pales in contrast to OCM Opportunities and Maruti
Shipping, where parties had omitted to serve the relevant orders at all. In my
judgment, however, the pertinent question is not when (if at all) the relevant
order was served; rather, the pertinent question is whether and when the
contemnor gained knowledge of the order’s terms and the consequences of non-
compliance. If a contemnor is in possession of such knowledge in time to
comply with the relevant order, it would not be just for him or her to rely on
a technical objection based on O 45 r 7(6) of the ROC to effectively evade his
or her obligations under an order of court.

49 Ms Lee appeared to frame the relevant inquiry differently, as whether the
contemnor had deliberately disobeyed or defied the court’s order. Her
submissions rely on this this proposition from Ho Seow Wan at [22]: “[i]n
particular, whether the defendant was already aware of or ought to be aware of
the terms of the court’s order at the time he failed to comply with it so as
to determine whether he had deliberately disobeyed or defied the court’s order
(beyond reasonable doubt) and whether enforcement by way of committal should
be allowed to follow” [emphasis added]. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Dr Chan’s further submissions dated 7 December 2022 at para 4.

On the basis that Dr Chan had tried his best to comply with the Order, Ms Lee
contended that there had been no deliberate disobedience, and it would be
unjust to dispense with the requirement of service. In my judgment, this
argument misunderstands the notion of “deliberate” disobedience in the context
of contempt of court, which focuses on the contemnor’s knowledge of the
relevant order’s existence and terms, and of all the acts which make the
relevant conduct a breach of the order (see [31] above). It is therefore no
answer for Dr Chan to say that he had always acted bona fide with best
endeavours, or that it was never his intention to breach the Order. Instead,
the focus ought to be on whether the defendant “was already aware of or ought
to be aware of the terms of the court’s order at the time he failed to comply
with it” (Ho Seow Wan at [22]).

50 On the present facts, I am satisfied that Dr Chan knew of the Order’s terms
and knew and/or was advised of the consequences of non-compliance on or around
12 July 2021 (ie, the date of the Order).

51 To begin with, as early as 5 April 2021, Chan J had made it clear that he
would be making an order for delivery up, once certain issues as to the proper
plaintiff in the Suit had been resolved: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript for 5 April 2021, p 55 lines 28 to 32, and p 62 lines 17 to 20.

Court: … And for those orders of delivery up, as I said, [Millennium Law], get
[the defendants] to deliver up to you as soon as possible. I will most likely,
I tell you, order the delivery up because there’s enough evidence to justify
these sort of injunctions. …

…

PC: No issue, Your Honour. You were saying that once we clear the [hurdle
under s 216A of the Companies Act], the hearing before you, you will ask for
the devices to be delivered up.

Court: Yes.

As to what the devices in question were, these had already been set out in SUM
2664 (Amendment No 1) as amended on 7 September 2020 by the plaintiff.

52 Moreover, Chan J was emphatic that Dr Chan ought to take steps to secure
the devices from the other defendants, and that this was a “warning” to Dr
Chan: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript for 5 April 2021, p 62 lines 24 to 30.

Court: Just tell him, … defendants’ counsel, ‘You better go and collect.’
Because this is time-sensitive. I don’t want another issue of them deleting.
Alright. He had been warned.

PC: That’s right.

Court: Because I’m giving them a warning through the defendants’ counsel.

53 Earlier in the hearing, a similar direction had been made, which Millennium
Law confirmed it would implement and communicate to the defendants: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript for 5 April 2021, p 44 line 16 to p 45 line 13.

Court: Would it be possible for you to go and ask them to surrender to you
first?

DC: Okay, I think---

Court: That would be the best.

DC: I think that would---

Court: There is a list---yes, there is a list of all those thumb drives with
names and all that … Go through the list and ask them to surrender to you
first, so that when the delivery up is made, there is no issue to say, ‘I took
it from this day to day and therefore’---because they will … have forensics
tell them when they deleted, okay, so they can’t run. They better don’t
delete, don’t add in, don’t use them, don’t copy anything. Bring them to your
possession, so you freeze it.

DC: Yes, Your Honour.

Court: Because I cannot make all these orders until the delivery action date
apply.

DC: Your Honour---

Court: So, you do this.

DC: Yes, we will try to communicate that with the clients. But I think the
problem is that some of the defendants are overseas, so---

Court: Okay, you just tell them, later on, they surrender to you---

DC: Yes.

Court: ---but don’t go and do anything them [sic], delete or do anything. Just
keep them and don’t throw them away.

DC: Yes.

Court: Okay?

DC: We will communicate it to them.

Court: So, that is protection which I am very careful of – protection of the
evidence. …

[emphasis added]

54 Given these express warnings and directions from the court, it was
unsurprising that in Dr Chan’s further written submissions, there was never
any disavowal of Dr Chan’s knowledge of the Order and its terms. To the
contrary, the further written submissions expressly acknowledged that “[Dr
Chan] knows what needed to be done under the Order of Court”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Dr Chan’s further submissions dated 7 December 2022 at para 5.

The defence was instead that Dr Chan faced practical challenges despite making
best efforts to comply. Counsel’s submissions then proceeded (somewhat
tangentially to my directions for further submissions) to rehash earlier
arguments on the efforts that Dr Chan had made to comply with the Order. Be
that as it may, there is sufficiently cogent evidence demonstrating that Dr
Chan was, prior to 19 July 2021, aware of the Order and its terms, what he was
required to do, and the consequences of non-compliance.

55 There is also no reason to doubt that Millennium Law would have duly
communicated the court’s directions to Dr Chan, both from the 5 April 2021
hearing and following the 12 July 2021 hearing when the Order was made. Ms Lee
had agreed to do so at the 5 April 2021 hearing. Millennium Law had every
reason to do so, both as Dr Chan’s legal advisors, and as persons named in the
Order who were required by the court to ensure that the devices were duly
delivered up. The urgency of this task would have certainly been reinforced on
16 July 2021, when the plaintiff’s solicitors sent Millennium Law a letter
reminding it of its clients’ obligations in respect of the personal laptops,
external storage devices, Vodien account and CorpPass access. In each case,
the letter expressly stated that the defendants had “until 19 July 2021 to
deliver up the said laptops and external storage devices to [the defendant’s
solicitors]”, that the plaintiff “await[ed] confirmation on 19 July 2021 that
[the defendant’s solicitors] have received [the same]” and made Mr Goh and the
company secretary CorpPass administrators, and that the plaintiff “expects to
have access to the Vodien account on 19 July 2021”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Dr Chan’s Jan 2022 Affidavit at p 84.

56 In view of all these circumstances, I find that Dr Chan must have been
informed of the relevant orders made on 12 July 2021 on or around 12 July
2021, and been advised on the consequences of non-compliance. There is in any
case no suggestion by Dr Chan that he was not so informed or was not so aware.
I therefore consider that he would have had sufficient time to comply by 19
July 2021. Indeed, it is material that it was Millennium Law who proposed a
timeline of seven days for compliance at the 12 July 2021 hearing; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions dated 7 December 2022 at para 8.

the reasonable inference is that his solicitors considered this to be a
sufficient period of time for Dr Chan to be informed of the terms of the Order
and to comply with it.

57 Dr Chan’s knowledge supplies one critical reason for why dispensing with
the requirement of service would be just in this case. A further reason is
that the delay in serving the Order on Dr Chan could hardly be attributable to
the plaintiff’s solicitors. As described above at [39], the plaintiff’s
solicitors had provided their proposed draft terms on 14 July 2021, just two
days following the 12 July 2021 hearing, and sought comments and amendments by
16 July 2021. Millennium Law, however, only replied on 19 July 2021 – the
final day for compliance with the Order. Even then, their response was not to
confirm the draft terms, but to seek the plaintiff’s forbearance on the
delivery up of devices and to seek further discussions as to the other terms.
Having created the circumstances that led to the delay in the finalisation and
service of the Order, it would, in my judgment, be most unjust for Dr Chan to
now rely on that delay to avoid facing committal for non-compliance.

58 Having dispensed with the requirement of service, I turn now to analyse the
substance of the plaintiff’s allegations of non-compliance with the Order.

Liability in relation to the delivery up of personal laptops and external
storage devices

Personal laptops

59 Under paragraph 1 of the Order, the first, third, fourth and sixth
defendants were to deliver up their personal laptops. The plaintiff says that
these were either not delivered or delivered late. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Statement of Committal at paras 17 to 22.

60 In its letter dated 28 July 2021, Millennium Law confirmed that it had
received the first and fourth defendants’ personal laptops. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

10th Affidavit of Mr Goh Wei Jie dated 7 October 2021 (“Mr Goh’s 10th
Affidavit”) at Tab 6, pages 49 and 50 (letter from Millennium Law to
plaintiff’s solicitors dated 28 July 2021).

However, that letter does not confirm when these were received. Apart from
this letter, there has been no evidence of the personal laptops having been
received by 19 July 2021 (ie, seven days from the date of the Order), and
there is no factual basis to assume that there was timely compliance. Since
the personal laptops were to be produced by the defendants to Millennium Law,
the date on which the laptops were actually delivered up is a matter
exclusively within the knowledge of the defendants and their solicitors.
Moreover, this is a simple matter that could have been easily stated whether
in contemporaneous correspondence, or in the subsequent affidavits and/or
submissions filed in these proceedings. Yet, this was never done.

61 The delay is even clearer in respect of the third defendant’s personal
laptop. Dr Chan appears to have only asked the third defendant (who is now
based in China) to send his laptop back to Singapore sometime after the
hearing before me on 17 January 2022. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Millennium Law’s letter to court dated 14 February 2022 at para 8(a).

The exact date this laptop reached Millennium Law is also not entirely clear,
but the evidence suggests that it was sometime after 10 March 2022, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Millennium Law’s letter to court dated 10 March 2022 at para 2(b).

and possibly only after 7 June 2022. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mr Goh’s 12th Affidavit at para 12.

The latter date would have been almost a year after compliance was due.

62 As for the sixth defendant, he claims not to have a personal laptop. This
position was however only taken belatedly in the defendants’ solicitors’
letter dated 28 July 2021, after the Order had already been made, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions for SUM 5179 at para 20; Mr Goh’s 10th
Affidavit at Tab 6, page 49.

and without this assertion ever being surfaced during the summary judgment
proceedings (when an order for the sixth defendant to deliver up his personal
laptop was also being sought by the plaintiff).

63 On 8 August 2022, the sixth defendant was granted leave to file a further
affidavit on this point. He did so on 26 August 2022, “confirm[ing] that
throughout [his] employment with the [p]laintiff, [he] did not use a personal
laptop as [he] do[es] not own a personal laptop” and stating that he would use
his plaintiff-issued work laptop and “a notebook to write down the data [he]
recorded”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

6th Affidavit of Dr Huang Shiyong dated 26 August 2022 at paras 3 and 4.

64 The plaintiff takes the position that the sixth defendant’s explanation is
both belated and unbelievable. I am inclined to agree. If the sixth defendant
never had a personal laptop, and there was soon to be an order of court for
delivery up of that allegedly non-existent laptop (with the prospect that
committal proceedings may follow in the event of non-compliance), it would
have been an obvious and natural response for the sixth defendant to simply
say so. And he could have said so – when the summary judgment proceedings were
afoot, Millennium Law also represented the sixth defendant. It therefore
stands to reason that Millennium Law would have also been taking instructions
from the sixth defendant prior to the 12 July 2021 orders being made or
confirmed. Even after the sixth defendant had been granted leave to file a
further affidavit, there was no explanation in the affidavit for his earlier
silence.

65 I therefore find that paragraph 1 of the Order has been breached in respect
of all four personal laptops. Further, since the second defendant (PILS) is,
by paragraph 2 of the Order, liable for the delivery up of the personal
laptops of the first, third, fourth and sixth defendants, the second defendant
is likewise in breach of the Order. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Statement of Committal at para 22.

External storage devices

66 The picture in relation to the external storage devices is slightly less
clear and was the subject of much evidence and argument. However, after the
dust had settled, the upshot is that Ms Lee accepts that there is non-
compliance on the part of Dr Chan. The extent of non-compliance, however, was
also initially less clear. I elaborate below.

67 The extent of non-compliance depended on two factors. The first was the
number of devices listed in the Order. There were 23 items in the list, but
parties accepted that some may have been duplicates. This is a logical
inference given how the list was constituted: it reflected the different
devices that were believed to have been connected to the different work
laptops. It may well be that the same external storage device (for example, a
thumb drive) was used more than once across more than one laptop. However,
this could not be verified without further investigation, as the same external
storage device might show up under a different name when connected to a
different laptop.

68 The other factor was the number of external storage devices from the list
that were in fact delivered up. This was a shifting figure throughout the
proceedings, for the span of over a year after compliance fell due on 19 July
2021. For example:

(a) In a letter dated 21 July 2021 to the plaintiff’s solicitors, Millennium
Law confirmed that it had received five external storage devices from the
defendants. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Mr Goh’s 10th Affidavit at Tab 5, pages 46 and 47.

However, it was unclear if all five matched devices in the Order’s list of
external storage devices. As such, the plaintiff’s position in the Statement
of Committal was that at least 18 external storage devices remained
unaccounted for. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Statement of Committal at paras 23 to 26.

(b) In a letter dated 10 March 2022 from Millennium Law to the court, it
appeared that Dr Chan had received two USB devices from the fourth defendant
(sent from Ukraine) on or around 3 March 2022. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Millennium Law’s letter to court dated 10 March 2022 at para 2(a).

It was again unclear from the letter whether these devices had been identified
as falling within the Order’s list of external storage devices.

(c) In an affidavit dated 5 May 2022 filed by Dr Chan’s expert, Mr Adrian
Choo, Mr Choo stated that he had been handed various devices by the sixth
defendant. At the 5 August 2022 hearing, Ms Lee clarified that Mr Choo’s
reference to the sixth defendant was an error, and ought to have been a
reference to the first defendant. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1st Affidavit of Mr Choo Kah Leong Adrian dated 5 May 2022 (“Mr Choo’s 1st
Affidavit”) in Exhibit CLKA-2, para 10.

Of these devices, four were identified as matching those in the plaintiff’s
expert reports, ie, they had been connected to the inspected laptops at some
point in time. Even then, however, it was unclear whether all four devices
matched the external storage devices listed in the Order (and if so, to which
items in the list), or if one or more fell outside the list. For example,
while counsel for the plaintiff, Ms See Tow Soo Ling (“Ms See Tow”), made
attempts to match three of the devices, she concluded that the Alcor Micro
Corp device (bearing serial number 14877176) did not appear to be named in the
Order. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Notes of Argument from hearing on 5 August 2022 at p 5.

(d) At the hearing on 5 August 2022, the plaintiff’s solicitors made the point
that they were unsure if the five external storage devices described in
Millennium Law’s letter dated 21 July 2021 were separate from and in addition
to the four devices identified by Dr Chan’s expert in his 5 May 2022
affidavit.

(e) In his affidavit filed on 26 August 2022, Dr Chan’s expert, Mr Choo, then
clarified that five devices handed over to him matched six of the external
storage devices in the Order’s list. This included one duplicate: the Seagate
External USB (bearing serial number NA9TADXP) which matched both items (xvi)
and (xxii).

69 Finally, at the hearing on 17 October, Ms See Tow stated that she had
attempted to correlate the list of devices in the Order with the latest report
from Dr Chan’s expert. With the confirmation from Dr Chan’s expert that five
devices handed to him correlated with the Order’s list, Ms See Tow concluded
that there still remained nine more external storage devices that had not been
delivered up. From the Order’s list of external storage devices, these were:
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Exhibit P1.

(a) S/N (i) – the first defendant’s Toshiba External USB 3.0 (bearing serial
number 20170529000035&0) together with the case;

(b) S/N (ii) – the first defendant’s WD MyPassport 25E1 Disk (bearing serial
numbers 575852314141383453353346&0 and WXR1AA84S53F);

(c) S/N (viii) – the third defendant’s USB SanDisk Ultra (bearing serial
number 4C530000160421120582&0);

(d) S/N (x) – the third defendant’s USB SanDisk Ultra USB 3.0 (bearing serial
number 4C530000140426106071&0);

(e) S/N (xi) – the third defendant’s USB Toshiba External USB 3.0 (bearing
serial number 20171007001179C&0);

(f) S/N (xii) – the third defendant’s WD Element s25A2 External Hard Disk
(bearing serial number 575833314142374834314554&0);

(g) S/N (xiii) – the third defendant’s WD Element s25A2 External Hard Disk
(bearing serial number 575837314536373332554E31&0);

(h) S/N (xx) – the fourth defendant’s Toshiba External Hard Disk (bearing
serial number 4EF15362); and

(i) S/N (xxiii) – the sixth defendant’s USB Hitachi (bearing serial number
1107171B).

70 Ms Lee does not dispute the latest list of outstanding external storage
devices. There is therefore a compelling case of incomplete or imperfect
compliance by Dr Chan. Moreover, inasmuch as nine external storage devices
remain outstanding as of August 2022, it must be the case that even more
external storage devices had not been delivered up at the material time on 19
July 2021, which was the last date for compliance permitted under the Order.
Indeed, while it may not be the case that at least 18 devices remained
undelivered (in so far as the Order’s list of external storage devices may
contain duplicates), it is an established fact that only five external storage
devices had been delivered up as of 21 July 2021 (see [68(a)] above).

71 Regrettably, this unsatisfactory state of fluidity and imprecision was
symptomatic of Dr Chan’s manner of non-compliance. It may be that coordinating
efforts to locate and transfer external storage devices across multiple
defendants presents logistical difficulties. It may also be that not all the
external storage devices can be delivered up and sent for identification at
one go. Yet, what was most lacking here was Dr Chan’s failure to even track
and account for what was in his control – most pertinently a record of the
steps that he had taken to comply with the delivery up order. There was
limited clarity, for example, over when requests were made of the other
defendants, on which dates, and inviting what replies. Neither was there a
movement record of the devices that were received and that detailed when these
were received by Dr Chan, when these were handed over to his solicitors, and
when they were handed to the expert for identification. Instead, the court has
been left to pull together and make sense of a stream of disparate information
drip-fed sporadically across many months, well after compliance fell due in
July 2021. This is a far cry from proper compliance with the Order, which was
for delivery up to be effected within seven days.

72 Dr Chan says that he faced “tremendous difficulties” complying with the
orders to deliver up. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Dr Chan’s Jan 2022 Affidavit at paras 36 to 38; Dr Chan’s May 2022 Affidavit
at paras 4, 14 and 17; Affidavit of Dr Chan Chia Sern dated 24 June 2022 (“Dr
Chan’s Jun 2022 Affidavit”) at para 5.

But this is not an argument I can or should take cognisance of as far as his
liability for contempt is concerned. The orders for delivery up are in a sense
strict, and are not couched in the language of best or reasonable endeavours.
With the dismissal of SUM 1697 (see [22] above) and the Order remaining
intact, the difficulties faced by Dr Chan do not provide a legal excuse for
his non-compliance.

73 In any event, even if cognisance could be taken of these difficulties, I
consider that little weight should be given to Dr Chan’s claims. Prior to 21
July 2021, the defendants never indicated that they would have difficulties
delivering up the laptops or external storage devices within the seven days
ordered. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Statement of Committal at para 30.

This is striking considering that it was the defendants’ solicitors who in the
first place proposed a timeline of seven days for compliance. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s further submissions dated 7 December 2022 at para 8.

Further, Chan J had indicated as early as 5 April 2021 that the devices ought
already to be set aside and preserved.

74 If Dr Chan faces issues with complying with the Order now – more than a
year after he was expected to comply – this predicament would be partly, if
not largely, of his own making. For instance, in his affidavit dated 4 May
2022, he claimed to have no control over the third to sixth defendants, some
of whom have relocated to countries like Ukraine and China. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Dr Chan’s May 2022 Affidavit at paras 19 to 23.

This allegedly caused delays in the storage devices being sent back to
Singapore, in part as the war in Ukraine had begun by that time. Yet, Dr Chan
did not say whether he would have faced these same difficulties in July 2021 –
the time when compliance was expected. For one, the war in Ukraine only began
in or about February 2022. More importantly, Dr Chan did not say in July 2021
(when the Order was granted) that he would require more than seven days –
despite being well-aware of the orders being sought against him then and the
prospect of him having “no control over the [d]efendants”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Dr Chan’s May 2022 Affidavit at para 22.

To the extent that he did surface general concerns with compliance, these
ultimately did not prevent his solicitors from proposing and committing to a
specific timeline of seven days.

75 In short, many of the arguments now being raised by Dr Chan should properly
have been raised in the summary judgment proceedings and if Dr Chan was
dissatisfied with the orders made, in an appeal against the grant of the
Order. To the extent that they were raised before Chan J, and then rejected,
it is not for this court to rehear or redetermine these matters now. To the
extent that they were not raised, it is far too late in the day for them to be
raised now.

76 Therefore, as with the laptops, in respect of the external storage devices,
I also find that the first and second defendants are in breach of paragraphs 1
and 2 of the Order respectively.

Liability in relation to the Vodien account

77 Paragraph 9 of the Order required Dr Chan to transfer the administration of
the Vodien account to Mr Goh within seven days of the Order, ie, by 19 July
2021. It is undisputed that the account was never transferred, much less
transferred in time.

78 Dr Chan appears to have only contacted Vodien on 21 July 2021 to inquire
about transferring the account, when the Order required him to complete the
transfer by 19 July 2021. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Mr Goh’s 10th Affidavit at Tab 9, pages 66 to 68.

79 Millennium Law then wrote to the plaintiff’s solicitors on 28 July 2021
informing them about its query with Vodien on 21 July 2021. That letter
attached Vodien’s response to the query, which outlined the available hosting
plans for a transferred account, and requested information on “how [the
plaintiff] intends to move forward”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Mr Goh’s 10th Affidavit at Tab 9, page 66.

The plaintiff’s solicitors confirmed the next day, on 29 July 2021, that the
plaintiff wished to opt for a one-year plan.

80 Millennium Law’s next reply only came on 5 August 2021, where it stated
that it was “taking instructions from [its] clients regarding the
[plaintiff’s] confirmation”. The plaintiff sent a chaser on 17 August 2021. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Mr Goh’s 10th Affidavit at Tab 8, page 63.

This appears to have gone unanswered. From the record, it was only on 14
October 2021 that Millennium Law wrote back to the plaintiff’s solicitors,
asking whom its client ought to contact “to obtain the necessary information
for the transfer”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Dr Chan’s Jun 2022 Affidavit in Exhibit CCS-6, page 51.

81 More problematically and somewhat troublingly, a transfer of the account
now appears impossible. The account expired sometime between July and August
2021 without being successfully transferred. The plaintiff only learnt of its
expiration in or around January 2022. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Mr Goh’s 12th Affidavit at para 15.

According to the plaintiff (and this has not been disputed by Dr Chan), the
data contained in Vodien’s servers pertaining to the plaintiff’s account can
no longer be retrieved and is now permanently lost. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Mr Goh’s 12th Affidavit at paras 13 and 15.

82 In my view, this subsequent impossibility does not excuse Dr Chan’s non-
compliance. Rather, it arose entirely out of his own conduct.

83 The plaintiff submits, and I agree, that Dr Chan would have known that the
account was expiring. If he had not, and fault lay instead with Vodien (for
instance, for not informing him timeously that the account was expiring), one
would have expected to see subsequent correspondence from Dr Chan to restore
the account and/or to seek an explanation for Vodien’s omission. This is only
natural since he was at risk of breaching the Order. Yet, no such evidence was
adduced.

84 Dr Chan could and should have taken steps to renew the account by paying
the renewal fee or arranging for the same. This was a necessary step to comply
with the Order. The renewal fee was less than $1,000. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Mr Goh’s 10th Affidavit at Tab 9, pages 66 to 68.

His claim that he could not afford this was at least open to doubt, since he
managed to transfer $34,080 to the plaintiff on 31 August 2021 in response to
its statutory demand. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Mr Goh’s 10th Affidavit at Tab 13, pages 87 to 88.

I nevertheless accept that having to pay $1,000 may have caused Dr Chan some
difficulty, and am also prepared to accept Dr Chan’s evidence that it is “not
a small amount to [him]”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Dr Chan’s Jun 2022 Affidavit at para 31.

I also have no reason to doubt Dr Chan’s claim that he had to borrow money
from others at the material time, to pay off the sum of $34,080. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Dr Chan’s Jun 2022 Affidavit at paras 28 and 30.

Even so, this does not mean that there was no viable way for the renewal fee
to be paid. In my view, Dr Chan could and should have at the very least
informed the plaintiff forthwith of the account’s pending expiry and his
financial difficulties, and attempted to work out how the renewal ought to be
paid for. Renewal remained possible within 30 days of the account expiring,
but no steps were taken to bring about the renewal within that period.

85 In his affidavit filed on 13 January 2022, Dr Chan sought to lay blame
elsewhere, claiming that delays in transferring the account occurred only
“because the information [was] being communicated through lawyers”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Dr Chan’s Jan 2022 Affidavit at para 30.

He added that if Mr Goh had contacted him directly, “the whole issue can be
settled within one day.” I reject this outright. It is an unsubstantiated
excuse that seeks to cast oblique aspersions on both sets of lawyers. It is
also fundamentally misleading: the onus was never on Mr Goh, and instead
always on Dr Chan, to take steps to bring about compliance with the Order.

86 Dr Chan’s other defence, put forward in oral submissions by Ms Lee, is that
Dr Chan still has some e-mails retained in his laptop, so the Vodien data is
not all lost. I find this contention wholly unsatisfactory. For one, there is
simply no way for anyone to compare and verify what fraction of the Vodien
data the retained e-mails represent. Secondly, it does not afford any
justification for Dr Chan’s failure to comply with the Order. Paragraph 9 of
the Order was clear in its terms and did not allow Dr Chan an alternative
method of compliance. It is therefore simply no answer for Dr Chan to now
assert that some of the emails that could have been accessed from the Vodien
account may be retrieved from his laptop.

87 Ultimately, Ms Lee had to accept that there was non-compliance on the face
of the Order, but submitted that the court ought to take Dr Chan’s efforts
into account in mitigation. While I address the question of sentencing more
fully below (from [97] onwards), I find even this attenuated submission
difficult to accept. Dr Chan’s efforts to comply (as I have detailed above)
were, in my judgment, perfunctory at best. In the circumstances, and on the
available evidence, there is a case to infer that his inaction was deliberate
– to allow the account to lapse and permanently deprive the plaintiff and the
court of any visibility over the data contained in the Vodien account.

88 I therefore find that Dr Chan qua first defendant failed to comply with
paragraph 9 of the Order.

Liability in relation to the CorpPass account

89 Finally, paragraph 10 of the Order required Dr Chan to add Mr Goh and the
plaintiff’s company secretary as CorpPass administrators within seven days of
the Order.

90 Dr Chan only requested for Mr Goh’s details on 5 August 2021, in reply to
the plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter dated 29 July 2021. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Statement of Committal at para 40.

Those details were duly provided the next day, on 6 August 2021. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Mr Goh’s 10th Affidavit at Tab 11, page 72.

All of this took place after 19 July 2021, the latest date for complying with
paragraph 10.

91 Mr Goh was eventually added as an administrator but only on 28 January
2022. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Mr Goh’s 12th Affidavit at para 17.

According to the plaintiff’s solicitors, this was effected at their office,
and only after the 17 January 2022 hearing took place (see [21] above).

92 Ms Lee, however, stresses that Mr Goh had already been granted sub-
administrator status on 12 August 2021. Yet, as at the 17 January 2022
hearing, the plaintiff’s solicitors submitted that the account still could not
be accessed by the plaintiff. Further, they could not even tell whether Mr Goh
had been made a sub-administrator, and were not aware of what steps Dr Chan
had taken and what else Mr Goh needed to do.

93 On the available evidence, I find the plaintiff’s submission to be a fair
one. In his 13 January 2022 affidavit, Dr Chan made several points: that he
believed the sub-administrator role to be the same as the administrator role,
save that it caters specially to foreigners without a SingPass account; that
Mr Goh as sub-administrator would have been in a position to appoint himself
and the corporate secretary as administrators; and that Dr Chan was in a
position to approve new administrator accounts but had not seen any pending
applications. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Dr Chan’s Jan 2022 Affidavit at paras 32 to 34.

In my view, none of these points (even if true) meant anything if they were
never communicated to the plaintiff in a clear and timely fashion. In its
letter dated 16 July 2021 to Millennium Law, the plaintiff’s solicitors had
already indicated that they would be “await[ing] confirmation on 19 July 2021
that [Dr Chan] has taken steps to ensure that” the account has been
transferred. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Dr Chan’s Jan 2022 Affidavit in Exhibit CCS-3, at page 177, para 4 (letter
from plaintiff’s solicitors to Millennium Law dated 16 July 2021).

The ball was squarely back in Dr Chan’s court. However, there is no evidence
of Dr Chan thereafter communicating what steps had been taken, or clarifying
what steps Mr Goh needed to take, to complete the appointment of
administrators. It does not lie in Dr Chan’s mouth to say that the plaintiff’s
Ms Vivian Chen Wei An could have “easily solved” this issue and so she should
have, on the basis that she had previously assisted with CorpPass and Vodien
matters and would have had knowledge of them. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Dr Chan’s Jun 2022 Affidavit at para 34(f).

That is beside the point. Under the Order, the obligation was always Dr Chan’s
to perform.

94 It is also not enough for Dr Chan to make a bare assertion that his
attempts to speak to Mr Goh had been “shut down by [Mr Goh] himself”, with the
latter responding that there was “nothing to discuss”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Dr Chan’s Jun 2022 Affidavit at paras 22 and 27.

To the extent that Dr Chan was referring to an exchange of WhatsApp messages
between himself and Mr Goh and which exchange was exhibited in Dr Chan’s
affidavit filed on 24 June 2022, the vagueness of Dr Chan’s request to speak
to Mr Goh, without any proper evidence or explanation of the context in which
this exchange took place, cannot reasonably be construed as a meaningful
attempt to address the specific issue with regard to the CorpPass account:

Fri, 26 Nov

Dr Chan (2.07pm): are u free, can talk?

Mr Goh (9.22pm): What is this about?

Sat, 27 Nov

Dr Chan (10.30am): abt the standard chartered email and others

Mr Goh (12.11pm): For scb, it’s about updating their records. With regards to
others, I don’t think there is anything else for us to discuss.

95 I therefore find that although Mr Goh was eventually added as an
administrator of the CorpPass account, as this was not performed by 19 July
2021, Dr Chan failed to comply with paragraph 10 of the Order.

Conclusion on liability

96 Given my findings above at [65], [76], [88] and [95], I am satisfied,
beyond a reasonable doubt, that the first defendant had intentionally breached
paragraphs 1, 9 and 10 of the Order, and that the second defendant had
intentionally breached paragraph 2 of the Order. There is, in my view, no
doubt that Dr Chan’s breaches were all intentional, especially having regard
to my findings as to his knowledge of the order’s existence and terms (see,
for example, [54] and [56] above). I therefore find Dr Chan liable for
contempt of court.

Sentencing

97 I turn now to consider the appropriate sentence to be imposed on Dr Chan. I
note first that there may be a further question as to whether paragraphs 11,
16 and 17 of the Order have also been breached (in that the required payments
were only made sometime in 2022), and if so, whether this has any impact on
sentencing. However, the plaintiff has not continued to pursue these breaches,
nor argued that they ought to also be factored into sentencing. I thus do not
impose any separate sentence in respect of those breaches but focus on the
breaches of paragraphs 1, 2, 9 and 10 of the Order.

Parties’ positions

98 The plaintiff seeks a term of imprisonment for Dr Chan. Its position as to
the length of imprisonment appears to have shifted: from a period upwards of
six months in its written submissions for SUM 5179, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions for SUM 5179 at para 30.

to a period of four months in its oral submissions on 17 October 2022. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Notes of Argument for 17 October 2022 at p 4.

By contrast, Dr Chan has not filed written submissions on sentencing. In her
oral submissions on 17 October 2022, Ms Lee argued that imposing a fine on Dr
Chan would be appropriate. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Notes of Argument for 17 October 2022 at p 5.

99 Ms See Tow argues that several aggravating factors in this case justify a
substantial custodial sentence, one that builds into it both a coercive and a
punitive element. The aggravating factors include the following: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions for SUM 5179 at paras 30 to 35 and 39; Notes
of Argument for 17 October 2022 at pp 3 to 5.

(a) Dr Chan’s breaches have caused substantial prejudice to the plaintiff. The
plaintiff is a joint venture whose value lies in exploiting the IPRs, and its
continued viability rests on its recovery of work product and the IPRs. Its
main cause of action in the parent action is breach of confidence; without the
devices, it is now impossible for it to determine the extent of the
defendants’ breaches and the consequential damage caused to the plaintiff.

(b) Dr Chan’s breaches were deliberate and contumelious. Several personal
laptops and external storage devices have still not been delivered up, and few
attempts have been made to remedy this. This is notwithstanding the defendants
being put on notice of the list of personal laptops and external storage
devices as early as 25 August 2020, when the computer forensic report
identifying the external storage devices was filed and served on Dr Chan and
the second defendant (PILS). There is a high degree of culpability in
stonewalling the court’s ability to determine the extent of the defendants’
breaches in the Suit. As to the transfer of the Vodien account and
administrative rights over the CorpPass account, these were fairly
straightforward processes, such that the failure to comply likewise marks a
high degree of culpability.

(c) Dr Chan’s continued refusal to comply with the Order enables the second
defendant (PILS) and him to continue to use the IPRs at the plaintiff’s
expense.

100 As to the length of sentence, Ms See Tow submits that Dr Chan was more
culpable than the contemnors in: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions for SUM 5179 at para 36.

(a) Brightex Paints (S) Pte Ltd v Tan Ongg Seng (in his personal capacity and
trading as Starlit(S) Trading) and others [2019] SGHC 116 (“Brightex”), where
the contemnor was sentenced (following an appeal to the Court of Appeal) to
three months’ imprisonment; and

(b) Technigroup Far East Pte Ltd and another v Jaswinderpal Singh s/o Bachint
Singh and others [2018] 3 SLR 1391 (“Technigroup”), where the first and second
defendants in particular were each sentenced to four months’ imprisonment.

101 Ms See Tow argued that a lengthier sentence than that imposed in Brightex
was justified, as the plaintiff in Brightex managed to mitigate some of its
potential losses, which was a significant mitigating factor. By contrast,
there was greater prejudice to the plaintiff’s business and claims in the
present Suit. A lengthier sentence than that imposed in Technigroup was also
justified, as Dr Chan’s non-compliance in this case handicaps not only the
assessment of damages, but also the determination of liability in the Suit. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions for SUM 5179 at paras 36 and 37.

Applicable legal principles

102 Contempt of court is punishable with a fine not exceeding $100,000 and/or
imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years (s 12(1)(a) of the AJPA):

Punishment for contempt of court

12.—(1) Except as otherwise provided in any other written law, a person who
commits contempt of court shall be liable to be punished —

(a) subject to paragraph (b), where the power to punish for contempt is
exercised by the General Division of the High Court, by the Appellate Division
of the High Court or by the Court of Appeal, with a fine not exceeding
$100,000 or with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 years or with both[.]

103 In Sembcorp Marine Ltd v Aurol Anthony Sabastian [2013] 1 SLR 245
(“Sembcorp”), the court identified several factors at [57]–[68] which weigh in
favour of imprisonment. Substantial emphasis was placed on the contemnor’s
conduct and what the conduct showed about the contemnor’s motives and
attitudes towards complying with the order of court. For present purposes, I
note that there is a stronger case for imprisonment where there is:

(a) a continuing, deliberate and persistent course of conduct (Sembcorp at
[57]);

(b) a failure to resolve the situation and continued lack of cooperation
(Sembcorp at [57] and [64]);

(c) egregious behaviour and motive (Sembcorp at [59]); and/or

(d) a series of repeated breaches of the court order evincing flagrant
disregard for the court’s authority (Sembcorp at [62]).

104 On the other hand, where a contemnor’s main motive is to seek a financial
advantage, a fine may be most appropriate. It would serve to nullify the
profits sought and achieve proportionality with the contempt committed
(Sembcorp at [56]).

105 The consequences of a contemnor’s conduct, particularly to the innocent
party, are also relevant. In my view, this is captured by the following two
factors in Sembcorp:

(a) the reversibility of the breach – whether harm caused can be remedied by a
fine and costs, or if there is substantial prejudice which cannot be remedied
by costs (Sembcorp at [68(d)]); and

(b) the purpose of the order breached and the impact of the breach on that
purpose – for instance, a Mareva injunction exists to prevent the dissipation
of assets, but a breach thereof may be ameliorated by paying back the
equivalent sum (Sembcorp at [68(f)]).

106 More generally, the Court of Appeal has endorsed the following sentencing
considerations for cases of contempt by disobedience in Mok Kah Hong at [104],
which overlap to some extent with the Sembcorp factors discussed above:

(a) whether the claimant has been prejudiced by virtue of the contempt and
whether the prejudice is capable of remedy;

(b) the extent to which the contemnor has acted under pressure;

(c) whether the breach of the order was deliberate or unintentional;

(d) the contemnor’s degree of culpability;

(e) whether the contemnor has been placed in breach of the order by reason of
the conduct of others;

(f) whether the contemnor appreciates the seriousness of the deliberate
breach; and

(g) whether the contemnor has co-operated.

107 I apply these factors as may be relevant to this case around two broad
themes: (a) Dr Chan’s conduct and reasons for non-compliance, and (b) the
consequences of Dr Chan’s conduct.

Dr Chan’s conduct and reasons for non-compliance

108 In my view, the essence of the factors I have summarised at [103]–[104]
above can be distilled to two related inquiries:

(a) the steps that Dr Chan took (or did not take) to comply with the orders;
and

(b) his reasons for these acts and omissions.

109 I examine these questions compendiously, in respect of the personal
laptops and external storage devices (paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Order), the
Vodien account (paragraph 9 of the Order), and CorpPass account (paragraph 10
of the Order), seriatim. As will become clear below, I agree with the
plaintiff that there were numerous aggravating factors at play.

110 In relation to the personal laptops and external storage devices, Dr
Chan’s non-compliance continues to-date. By the time of the 17 October 2022
hearing (ie, when the plaintiff’s solicitors provided final confirmation that
there remained nine items in the Order’s list of external storage devices that
had not been produced), nearly 1 year and 3 months had elapsed since the date
on which compliance fell due (ie, 19 July 2021). Moreover, this was over 1
year and 6 months from the 5 April 2021 hearing, when Chan J had directed
Millennium Law to forewarn its clients to prepare their devices for delivery
up. The earliest confirmation that some devices had been delivered up came
only on 21 July 2021, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Mr Goh’s 10th Affidavit at Tab 5, pages 46 and 47.

in a letter from Millennium Law to the plaintiff’s solicitors. Yet, even that
letter only referred to at most five external storage devices from the Order’s
list of devices, and was sent past the deadline of 19 July 2021. Subsequent
updates only came months later, and even then, only resulted in confusion as
to the precise extent of compliance (see [68] above). On the whole, these
lengthy periods of time are especially problematic when one notes that the
defendants had ongoing opportunities, every single day starting from 12 July
2021 (and even before that), to deliver up the devices.

111 Another aggravating factor is Dr Chan’s pattern of compliance, which has
been patchy and incomplete, as I described at [71] above. Even now, there is
still no explanation for why nine external storage devices remain unaccounted
for. Further, there has been no explanation accompanying each update of new
devices as to why those devices could not have been produced earlier (save
perhaps in respect of the devices sent from abroad).

112 While there may be some merit in Dr Chan’s explanation that, as
laypersons, it would be “impossible for the [defendants] to track every single
storage drive plugged into the respective laptops”, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Dr Chan’s Jun 2022 Affidavit at para 10.

that failure of outcome (of successfully locating all devices) does not
explain the failure of process (of documenting the steps and efforts made to
locate the devices). If Dr Chan’s argument in mitigation is that he has done
his utmost to locate the devices in good faith, then, in my view, there must
at least be evidence of those efforts (even if they produced no results).

113 Dr Chan’s conduct in relation to the Vodien account is as aggravating, if
not more so.

114 Charitably, Dr Chan’s attitude could be described as lackadaisical. For
instance, Dr Chan’s position in his 24 June 2022 affidavit was, rather
curiously, that “no one knows the exact procedure of transferring the Vodien
Server to the control of [Mr Goh]”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Dr Chan’s Jun 2022 Affidavit at para 23.

This is a confusing statement, considering the earlier correspondence between
both sets of solicitors making arrangements for the transfer (see [78]–[80]
above). The “procedure of transferring the Vodien Server” would have simply
been to continue with the arrangements already set in motion before the
account expired. Dr Chan’s claim to innocence or ignorance as to the steps
required to be taken is, in my view, exaggerated, and reflects his somewhat
nonchalant attitude to complying with the Order. This is all the more
troubling given that (from the available evidence) the transfer of the Vodien
account should have been a relatively straightforward process.

115 Less charitably, Dr Chan’s attitude could be described as going beyond
nonchalance, to a deliberate attempt to prejudice the plaintiff. As I found
above at [83], [84] and [87], Dr Chan would have known that the account was
expiring. What one would have expected him to do is to make arrangements for
the renewal fee to be paid. Short of a plausible explanation to the contrary,
his omission to renew the account raises, in my judgment, an inference that
his inaction was deliberate, ie, to allow the account to lapse, and thereby
deprive the plaintiff and the court of any real visibility over the data and
information contained in the Vodien account.

116 Ms Lee submitted that there was no sinister intention to allow the account
to lapse, and that the lapse arose because Dr Chan had “limited resources and
as an individual he could not handle so many issues at the same time”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Notes of Argument for 17 October 2022 at p 4.

This contention is factually doubtful. In or around July and August 2021, when
the relevant enquiries were being made with Vodien, Dr Chan was legally
represented. As to his limited financial resources, for the reasons set out
above at [84], I do not accept this to be a legitimate excuse for his
inaction.

117 As to the CorpPass account, Dr Chan’s attitude to compliance can be
described as nonchalant at best.

118 Even though steps were taken to grant Mr Goh sub-administrator status on
around 12 August 2021, it was only months later in January 2022 that further
steps were taken that enabled Mr Goh to be made an administrator. The Order
was clear on its face that Mr Goh had to be made an administrator (and nothing
less), but that was only accomplished in January 2022. On the available
evidence, and as I described above at [93] and [94], the reason for these
delays stems materially from Dr Chan’s conduct.

119 Ms Lee submitted that making Mr Goh a sub-administrator amounts to at
least partial compliance. In my view, it is unclear if this is in fact so in
substance, and Dr Chan bears the burden of demonstrating that it is. It is
unclear if a sub-administrator has substantially the same rights as an
administrator, and in turn, whether that act (of making Mr Goh a sub-
administrator) substantially gave effect to the reasons for which the Order
was made. There is simply no evidence before the court to substantiate what
are in effect bare assertions by Dr Chan.

120 Against the backdrop of all these considerations, I also note that Dr Chan
has not expressed any sincere remorse for his conduct. Instead, Dr Chan made
efforts at almost every turn to excuse his inadequacies and/or pin the blame
on other persons. That being said, I acknowledge that the absence of remorse
is not normally aggravating; rather, it is aggravating only where the lack of
remorse points to a contumacious breach which the contemnor has no intention
to remedy (Sembcorp at [68(g)]). In my judgment, the present case does not go
that far. Some of the breaches may have been continuing and even now not
substantially purged, but the fact that a patchwork of efforts has been taken
indicates that this is not a case where there is plainly no intention to
remedy the breach.

121 In summary, the picture that emerges from my foregoing analysis is one of
nonchalance and/or disregard for the need to comply with an order of court,
and in respect of the Vodien account in particular, a deliberate attempt to
put evidence out of the plaintiff’s reach. It also calls to mind the
observation at [68(f)] of Sembcorp that “[a] breach that had been planned,
taking into account the cost of the fine, and which had been conducted over a
period of time when there had been numerous opportunities to stop the
contemptuous behaviour would be serious enough to ground a custodial
sentence”. This punitive angle is also matched by coercive considerations. As
explained above, Dr Chan’s breaches of paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Order are
continuing breaches, with some nine external storage devices still unaccounted
for. As the Court of Appeal held at [103] of Mok Kah Hong, where a contemnor
is ordered to do an act but continuously refuses to comply, “the objective of
compelling the contemnor to effect compliance with the order is likely to be
given a significant degree of weight”.

122 In combination, all of these considerations are aggravating, and in my
judgment, justify the imposition of a prison term.

The consequences of Dr Chan’s conduct

123 Ms Lee accepts that there has been some prejudice caused to the plaintiff.
76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Notes of Argument for 17 October 2022 at p 5.

In my assessment, the prejudice was not insubstantial. This too is
aggravating. As before, I proceed to examine the consequences of Dr Chan’s
conduct in relation to the personal laptops and external storage devices, the
Vodien account, and the CorpPass account, in that order.

124 In relation to the personal laptops and external storage devices, there
remains till this day incomplete delivery up. It bears emphasising that the
remedy granted in the delivery up order is a final one. There has been a final
determination, by way of summary judgment proceedings, of the plaintiff’s
substantive rights to delivery up of the personal laptops and external storage
devices. This was not a discovery order that only affects the plaintiff’s
prosecution of its claims; it goes directly to its business and a vindication
of its substantive rights that had been determined finally in its favour.

125 With the purpose of the Order in mind, I agree with the plaintiff’s
submission that Dr Chan’s breaches operated “with a view to deprive the
[plaintiff] of the fruits of the litigation [that it had successfully obtained
through] summary judgment”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Notes of Argument for 17 October 2022 at p 3.

It is also relevant that the plaintiff has no other recourse to obtain the
remaining devices. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Notes of Argument for 17 October 2022 at p 5.

126 This also has broader implications for the Suit. The extent of the copying
of the IPRs would factor into the analysis of the other claims advanced by the
plaintiff against, inter alia, Dr Chan, which have yet to be heard and
determined, such as the claims for breach of fiduciary duties. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Statement of Committal at paras 32 and 33; Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1)
at pp 42 to 47 (reliefs sought).

127 Further, I agree that the implications of Dr Chan’s conduct also extend
beyond the Suit – the recovery of work product and the IPRs is critical to the
continued viability of the plaintiff, whose value lies in exploiting the said
work product and IPRs. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions for SUM 5179 at para 31.

128 In addition, prejudice arises not only from the incomplete extent of
delivery up, but also from the manner of compliance – I refer here to the
incremental drip-feeding of updates given to the plaintiff. Given how
paragraph 3 of the Order was structured, forensic investigations would only
commence after Millennium Law delivered up the personal laptops and external
storage devices to the forensic expert appointed by the plaintiff. The pace at
which delivery up took place also conceivably hampered the plaintiff’s ability
to vigorously pursue investigations. In my view, the plaintiff makes a fair
submission that it was “not able to move on with the trial process because of
the committal proceedings [as it was] waiting for the devices to be handed to
the forensic experts for analysis so that [it knew] what data [was] in them”.
81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Notes of Argument for 17 October 2022 at p 3.

129 As for the Vodien account, the fact that the data on the Vodien server can
no longer be accessed or retrieved is, as I have found, aggravating. The
plaintiff’s claim that the data has been irreversibly lost has not been
contradicted by Dr Chan. This means that the plaintiff and the court will have
no visibility over what e-mails or data existed in the account. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Mr Goh’s 12th Affidavit at paras 13 and 15.

130 While it may be slightly mitigating that some of the e-mails are said to
remain in Dr Chan’s personal laptop, which has been delivered up, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Dr Chan’s Jun 2022 Affidavit at para 27.

this does not ameliorate the forensic challenge posed to the plaintiff and the
court. As I mentioned above at [86], there ultimately remains no way for
anyone to verify what fraction of the original Vodien data the retained
e-mails represent. It also does not address the prejudice caused to the
plaintiff in respect of another plank of its case: that Dr Chan had wrongfully
refused Mr Goh access to the Vodien server, despite requests for the same to
be granted. In the plaintiff’s amended Statement of Claim, this refusal is
couched as a breach of the Service Agreement and of Dr Chan’s fiduciary duties
to protect the plaintiff’s interests. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) dated 22 September 2020 at para 47.

Dr Chan’s defence appears, in part, to be that access to the server was not
necessary for Mr Goh because all the relevant work product and information had
already been handed to the plaintiff by other means. The permanent loss of
access to the data in the Vodien account would, in my view, pose an obstacle
to the plaintiff and the court, in testing the veracity of this defence. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 15 February 2021 at paras 59
and 65.

131 As to the CorpPass account, I accept that the type and extent of prejudice
caused is less clear. To the extent that this access was sought before and
granted by Chan J for the purposes of regulatory compliance, one would expect
any prejudice to be measured in terms of the consequences arising from
regulatory non-compliance, such as administrative penalties. The plaintiff
has, however, not adduced any evidence of having suffered any such
consequences. In my view, the consequences of Dr Chan’s delay in complying
with this part of the Order operate as a neutral factor.

132 In sum, in respect of the devices and Vodien accounts at least, the
serious consequences visited upon the plaintiff by Dr Chan’s breaches should
be considered aggravating. In my judgment, these add further justification to
the imposition of a prison term.

The appropriate sentence

133 Given the aggravating factors I have identified, it is clear to me that
both punitive and coercive considerations warrant the imposition of a term of
imprisonment, at least in relation to the orders for delivery up and the
transfer of the Vodien account (ie, paragraphs 1, 2 and 9 of the Order). As to
the CorpPass account (ie, paragraph 10 of the Order), having regard to the
absence of any demonstrable prejudice and the fact that the account was fully
transferred by January 2022, I am prepared to impose a fine for non-compliance
with paragraph 10 of the Order (see [142] below).

134 As for the length of imprisonment, I find the case of Brightex to be
instructive. As in the present case, the first defendant in Brightex gained
access to confidential and business sensitive information in the course of his
work, and prior to his resignation from the plaintiff company, copied copious
amounts of data into his personal storage. He had moreover sent confidential
data to the second and third defendants. The plaintiff sought and obtained an
injunction to prevent the further unauthorised use and dissemination of its
confidential information, and this included an order for delivery up of the
confidential information and an order for disclosure of all prior unauthorised
usage and/or disclosure of the information. Delivery up was due by 13 July
2018, but the data submitted on 12 and 13 July 2018 was incomplete, and
remained so even across subsequent meetings and hearings. The disclosure order
was also breached: forensic examinations showed that multiple communications
between the defendants had not been disclosed.

135 The High Court found that the first defendant’s behaviour exhibited
several aggravating factors, including a deliberate and persistent failure to
comply over the course of several months. The first defendant’s explanations
for non-compliance were unconvincing. He would have known of his conduct’s
serious impact on the plaintiff’s business. Nevertheless, the court was minded
to impose a prison sentence of 14 days, having regard to the first defendant’s
attempts to cooperate and purge his contempt, and the plaintiff’s ability to
ameliorate some of the prejudice caused (Brightex at [62]–[64] and [68]).

136 On appeal, the Court of Appeal dismissed the contemnor’s appeal against
his conviction, but allowed the plaintiff’s cross-appeal on sentence. It
substituted the 14 days’ imprisonment term with a sentence of three months’
imprisonment. The Court of Appeal noted that the first defendant, in
deliberately breaching the court orders, had been motivated by financial gain.
Further, the plaintiff had suffered prejudice as a result, and no remorse was
demonstrated by the first defendant.

137 On my reading of Brightex, emphasis was placed on the contemnor’s
continued pattern of deliberate non-compliance, and the prejudice this caused
to the plaintiff’s business interests. These aspects bear a strong similarity
to the present case, save perhaps that the contemnor’s financial motivations
(through his disclosure of the confidential information to the other
defendants) appeared to be clearer in Brightex. In addition, in Brightex, the
further breach of the disclosure order would have also been factored in by the
court.

138 The plaintiff also referred to Technigroup, but the circumstances in that
case were, in my view, more aggravated. In Technigroup, the first and second
defendants each faced a four month prison term for repeated breaches of
specific discovery orders (which sentences were suspended for them to attempt
to purge the contempt). What is striking from the judgment (at [1], [6], [7]
and [99]) are the deliberate and persistent efforts by the first and second
defendants to perpetuate falsehoods, in denying the existence of certain
related entities and the documents thereof. At [109], the court highlighted in
the context of sentencing the need to consider not only the extent of non-
disclosure, but also whether any positively misleading disclosure had been
made, such as a pretence that complete disclosure had been given. This could
impact the court’s assessment of the nature of the breach and/or the prejudice
to the other party.

139 Viewed in this light, Dr Chan’s culpability is, in my judgment, less
severe than that of the contemnors in Technigroup. Granted, the failure to
transfer rights over the Vodien account appears (as I have found) to have been
a deliberate and strategic attempt to take the Vodien data out of the
plaintiff’s hands. However, in relation to the delivery up of devices, Dr
Chan’s failures reflect nonchalance and neglect, not outright falsification or
deception as was the case in Technigroup.

140 Having regard to the circumstances of this case and the precedents
referred to above, in my judgment, a sentence of two months’ imprisonment
would be appropriate for the failure to deliver up the personal laptops and
external storage devices and the failure to transfer the Vodien account. This
sentence takes appropriate account, on the one hand, of the continuing nature
of Dr Chan’s breaches and the serious prejudice they have caused, and on the
other, of the fact that some attempts have been made in the months since to
comply with the Order and purge the contempt.

Conclusion

141 For the reasons above, I order that the requirement of service of the
Order under O 45 of the ROC is dispensed with pursuant to O 45 r 7(7) of the
ROC. On the breaches alleged (see [27] above), I find Dr Chan liable for
contempt in intentionally disobeying paragraphs 1, 2, 9 and 10 of the Order,
both in his personal capacity (in relation to paragraphs 1, 9 and 10 of the
Order) and as the sole director of the second defendant, PILS (in relation to
paragraph 2 of the Order).

142 As regards prayer 1 of SUM 5179, I sentence Dr Chan to imprisonment for a
term of two months for the breaches of paragraphs 1, 2 and 9 of the Order. As
for the breach of paragraph 10 of the Order, I impose a fine on Dr Chan of
$2,000.

143 I further order Dr Chan to surrender his passport to the Sheriff of the
Supreme Court forthwith and to present himself to the Sheriff at 10am on 7
March 2023 to begin his term of imprisonment.

144 Finally, the plaintiff also sought an order that Dr Chan pay the plaintiff
costs of and incidental to the application. Following the hearing of SUM 4653
(the ex parte application for leave to commence committal proceedings), I
reserved the question of costs of SUM 4653 to the hearing of SUM 5179. With
regard to both applications, Ms See Tow argued for costs at the top end of the
range in Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice Directions, the range being
$4,000–$16,000 for committal applications. The figure of $16,000 sought was in
addition to $1,100 for disbursements. Ms Lee on the other hand submitted that
costs should be fixed at the lowest end of that range, ie, at $4,000, but
ultimately left it to the court to determine the appropriate quantum of costs.
Having heard the parties, I fix costs of both applications in the sum of
$15,000 (inclusive of disbursements) to be paid by Dr Chan to the plaintiff.

S Mohan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
See Tow Soo Ling and Sambhavi Rajangam (CNPLaw LLP) for the plaintiff;

Lee Mei Yong Debbie (Millennium Law LLC) for the 1st and 2nd defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 21 Feb 2023 (12:56 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

