Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 360

Suit No 817 of 2019

Between

(1)| Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc  
---|---  
(2)| Johnson & Johnson Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Zyfas Medical Co (sued as a firm)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Intellectual Property — Patents and inventions — Validity]

[Intellectual Property — Patents and inventions — Infringement]

[Intellectual Property — Patents and inventions — Licences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc and another

  
v

  
Zyfas Medical Co (

sued as a firm)

[2023] SGHC 360

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 817 of 2019  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
, 27 February, 5 May 2023

29 December 2023 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill J:

Introduction

1 This suit involves two patents which claim processes for the manufacture of
bortezomib, a drug used for the treatment of multiple myeloma and mantle cell
lymphoma. The plaintiffs allege that the defendant infringed their patents by,
inter alia, supplying bortezomib to hospitals in Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment no. 2) dated 26 August 2020 (“SOC”) at paras
14A–14C.

The defendant denies infringing the plaintiffs’ patents and further contends
that the patents are invalid for lack of novelty, lack of inventive step and
insufficiency of particulars. The defendants also counterclaim for the partial
and/or full revocation of the patents. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment no. 4) dated 7 July 2021 (“DCC”) at paras
21(2) and 21(4).

For the reasons I set out hereunder, I find one of the patents to be valid but
not infringed and the other patent invalid for lack of inventive step.

2 The two patents in question are Singapore Publication No. SG 151322 (“SG
322”) and Singapore Application No. SG 10201600029P (“SG 29P”, (collectively
with SG 322, the “Patents”)). SG 322 purports to teach the use of an ether
solvent with low miscibility in water during the synthesis of bortezomib. More
specifically, it claims to improve the Matteson Homologation process by
performing the first step of the reaction process in a coordinating ether
solvent of low miscibility with water. SG 29P purports to teach the use of
convergent synthesis for the large-scale manufacture of bortezomib.

Parties to the proceedings

3 The first plaintiff is a company incorporated in the State of Delaware,
United States of America. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment no. 2) dated 26 August 2020 (“SOC”) at para 1:
Plaintiff’s Set Down Bundle (“SDB”) at p 5.

It is the registered proprietor of the Patents. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 4: SDB at p 6.

The second plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated company, which is alleged to
be an exclusive licensee of the first plaintiff in respect of the Patents and
the distributor of the “brand-name” bortezomib drug, Velcade, in Singapore
(the “Product”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at paras 1A and 5A: SDB at p 5.

4 The defendant is a Singapore-registered partnership. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at para 2: SDB at p 5; DCC at para 4: SDB at p 37.

It carries on business in, inter alia, the wholesale and distribution of
pharmaceutical products, controlled drugs, medical devices and health
supplements. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 2: SDB at p 6; DCC at para 4: SDB at p 37; DCS at para 10.

The defendant represents and distributes pharmaceutical products made by
several pharmaceutical manufacturers globally, including Dr Reddy’s
Laboratories Limited (“DRL”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DCS at para 11.

In February 2018, the defendant applied to the Health Sciences Authority
(“HSA”) for approval to import, market and distribute a generic version of
bortezomib, “MYBORTE POWDER FOR SOLUTION FOR INJECTION 3.5MG/VIAL”, which is
manufactured by DRL (see [12] below). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DCS at paras 20–22.

On 5 July 2019, the HSA approved its registration under Registration No.
SIN15736P. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1AB at p 184.

5 I will go into greater technical detail in my judgment. However, at this
juncture, it suffices to provide a simple description of the Patents and the
context in which the claimed processes are employed. The claimed processes
relate to the manufacture of bortezomib, which is an international, non-
proprietary name for a cancer drug used in the treatment of multiple myeloma
and mantle cell lymphoma. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 5: SDB at p 6; DCC at para 7(a): SDB at p 38.

Parties do not dispute that the chemical compound itself, bortezomib, is not
protected by patent in Singapore. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DCS at para 19; Dr Johannes’ Expert Report at para 45: DBAEIC at p 173.

It is therefore agreed that drugs using bortezomib as an active pharmaceutical
ingredient may be sold without infringing any product patent in Singapore. In
other words, the matters of contention between parties are in relation to
process patents pertaining to the manufacture of bortezomib. Bortezomib is a
type of boronic acid (ie, a compound related to boric acid in which one of the
three hydroxyl groups is replaced by an alkyl or aryl group). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Dr Johannes’ Expert Report at para 26: DBAEIC at p 168.

It was developed in the mid-1990s and was approved for medical use in the
United States in 2003 and in Europe in 2004. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Dr Johannes’ Expert Report at paras 31–32, 39: DBAEIC at p 169–170, 171.

The general process to synthesise bortezomib is to synthesise a number of
organic chemical molecules, which are called intermediates. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Dr Johannes’ Expert Report at paras 42–43: DBAEIC at p 171.

Being a known organic compound, there are a number of ways to synthesise
bortezomib and its intermediates.

6 SG 322 relates to the method of making a boronic ester compound by employing
an improved asymmetric Matteson homologation protocol. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Dr Shunsuke Chiba’s Expert Report at para 32: PBAEIC at p 24; Dr Johannes’
Expert Report at para 66: DBAEIC at p 177.

The Matteson homologation protocol is a chemical process that synthesises a
boronic ester compound by using zinc chloride as a catalyst. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Dr Shunsuke Chiba’s Expert Report at para 34: PBAEIC at p 24.

Zinc chloride is also a Lewis Acid (see [36] below). Broadly, in simplified
terms, the reaction sequence includes two steps: the first step is the
synthesis of the boron “ate” complex 2 which is an intermediate product; and
the second step involves contacting the boron “ate” complex 2 with a Lewis
acid to generate the boronic ester. SG 322 consists of 56 claims, of which 39
have been put in issue in the present case. In other words, only 39 claims are
relied on by the plaintiffs. The table annexed at Annex 1 sets out the 39
asserted claims in full, according to the patent specification filed with the
Intellectual Property Office of Singapore on 24 March 2005. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABOD”) Vol 1 at pp 8 and 70.

SG 322 was granted on 31 July 2012.

7 Out of the asserted claims for SG 322, it is undisputed that only claims 1,
20, 31, 32, 33, 38, 48 and 52 are independent claims. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCS at para 75; DCS at para 29.

The rest of the asserted claims in SG 322 are dependent claims. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ibid.

8 SG 29P consists of 10 claims, of which 5 have been asserted by the
plaintiffs in the present case. The table annexed at Annex 1 sets out the 5
claims in full, according to the patent specification filed with the
Intellectual Property Office of Singapore on 24 March 2005. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ABOD Vol I at pp 100, 162–165.

SG29P was granted on 19 February 2018.

9 For SG 29P, there is no serious contention that the sole independent claim
is claim 1. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PCS at para 133; DCS at para 32.

The rest of the asserted claims are claims 2–4, and 6, which are dependent
claims. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Ibid.

10 I will discuss the Patents in greater detail below.

Procedural history

11 Before I proceed to set out parties’ respective cases on the Patents, I
provide the background and context to these proceedings.

Genesis of the present proceedings

12 On or around July 2019, the first plaintiff discovered that the defendant
had obtained registration under the Health Products Act (Cap 122D) (“HPA”) for
the following therapeutic product (the “Alleged Infringing Product”): 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC at para 6: SDB at p 7; PCS at para 4.

DETAILS| REMARKS  
---|---  
Product name| Myborte Powder for Solution for Injection 3.5mg/vial  
Registrant| Zyfas Medical Co  
Registration No.| SIN 15736P  
Active Ingredient and Strength| Bortezomib (3.5mg/vial)  
Approval Date| 5 July 2019  
  
The Alleged Infringing Product’s registration shows that it contains
bortezomib as its active ingredient. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC at para 7: SDB at p 7.

The Patents claim processes for the manufacture of bortezomib. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOC at para 8: SDB at p 7.

13 On 11 July 2019, the first plaintiff issued a letter of demand to the
defendant through its solicitors, Mirandah Law LLP (“Mirandah”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ABOD Vol I at pp 186–187.

Upon receipt of the letter dated 11 July 2019, the defendant referred the
matter to DRL. DRL engaged Eldan Law LLP (“Eldan”) to respond to the letter.
Subsequently, Eldan sent a letter dated 15 July 2019 to inform Mirandah that
it was acting for DRL. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ABOD Vol I at p 189.

It followed up with a letter dated 24 July 2019 to state that DRL did not use
water immiscible ether solvents such as methyl tert-butyl ether (“MTBE”)
(which is subject of the plaintiffs’ SG 322) to manufacture the Alleged
Infringing Product and further that DRL’s manufacturing process for the
Alleged Infringing Product was not a large-scale process as required by SG
29P. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ABOD Vol I at pp 195–196.

Mirandah responded on 30 July 2019 to inform that they had been instructed to
commence legal proceedings and asked if Eldan had been instructed to accept
service. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ABOD Vol I at p 198.

Eldan responded with, inter alia, an offer to disclose details of DRL’s
manufacturing process. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ABOD Vol I at p 200.

On 2 August 2019, Mirandah wrote to seek clarification on whether Eldan had
instructions to accept service on behalf of the defendant. On the same day,
Ravindran Associates LLP wrote to Mirandah on behalf of the defendant to deny
the relevance of, inter alia, the Patents in respect of the Alleged Infringing
Product. It appears that the letters had crossed. There was other
correspondence between parties in the lead up to the commencement of the suit,
but it is not necessary to set it out in full here. It suffices to mention
that Eldan had been re-appointed to act for the defendant by 27 August 2019.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ABOD Vol I at p 218.

14 The first plaintiff commenced the present suit on 19 August 2019. The
second plaintiff was later joined as party to the suit on 12 November 2019. By
parties’ consent, the claim in HC/S 817/2019 proceeded on a bifurcated basis.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

HC/ORC 3967/2021 dated 6 July 2021.

This judgment therefore deals only with the determination of liability issues
covered at the trial.

Other related proceedings

HC/OS 1034/2019 – application for a declaration that the defendant’s
declaration(s) made under regulation 23(2) of the Health Products (Therapeutic
Products) Regulations 2016 contained false or misleading statements or omitted
material particulars

15 The originating summons HC/OS 1034/2019 was commenced on 19 August 2019 by
the first plaintiff against the defendant. The first plaintiff sought, inter
alia, “a declaration that [the defendant’s] declaration(s) made under
regulation 23(2) of the Health Products (Therapeutic Products) Regulations
2016 contains a statement that is false or misleading in a material particular
or omits to disclose any matter that is material to its application(s) for
registration of its therapeutic product”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Originating Summons 1034 of 2019 at prayer 1; AEIC of Mohamed Tahir at para
40: DBAEIC at p 25.

The defendant took the position that only product patents in respect of
bortezomib needed to be declared and there was no need to declare the
existence of the Patents which are process patents relating to the manufacture
of bortezomib. On 23 October 2019, I held that there was a material omission
of the Patents in the defendant’s declarations in respect of the Alleged
Infringing Product. I granted the prayer sought.

16 On 21 November 2019, the defendant filed a notice of appeal (CA/CA
221/2019) against the decision on the basis that process patents need not be
declared to the HSA. My full reasons for my decision to grant the declaration
sought by the first plaintiff are set out in Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc v
Zyfas Medical Co (sued as a firm) [2020] SGHC 28. The declaration was confined
to the defendant’s omission to disclose a matter that was material to its
application in its declaration(s) made under regulation 23(2) of the Health
Products (Therapeutic Products) Regulations 2016 (“HPTPR”) (at [10]), being
the failure to mention the existing process patents (ie, the Patents) in
respect of the Alleged Infringing Product in its application (at [26]). On 27
August 2020, the Court of Appeal upheld the decision below and dismissed the
defendant’s appeal. It held in Zyfas Medical Co (sued as a firm) v Millennium
Pharmaceuticals, Inc [2020] 2 SLR 1044 at [42] that the proper procedure was
for the defendant to have declared the existence of the Patents under
regulation 23(2)(a) of the HPTPR, and thereafter declare that the Patents
would not be infringed by the doing of the acts for which the registration of
the Alleged Infringing Product was sought pursuant to regulation 23(3)(b)(ii)
of the HPTPR.

HC/OS 264/2021 – application for judicial review of the HSA’s decision to
maintain the registration of the Alleged Infringing Product

17 Following my decision in HC/OS 1034/2019, the plaintiffs applied to the HSA
to suspend the registration of the Alleged Infringing Product on 29 November
2019. The HSA did not accede to the application to suspend the registration of
the Alleged Infringing Product. After the decision was upheld in CA/CA
221/2019, the plaintiffs applied to the HSA to cancel the registration of the
Alleged Infringing Product. The HSA did not exercise its discretion pursuant
to regulation 24(1)(a)(ii) of the HPTPR to cancel the registration of the
Alleged Infringing Product.

18 On 19 March 2021, the plaintiffs filed HC/OS 264/2021 for leave to be
granted to them to apply for, inter alia, a quashing order to quash the
decision of the HSA dated 21 December 2020, in which the HSA refused to
suspend or cancel the registration of the Alleged Infringing Product under s
37(1) of the HPA and/or regulation 24(1)(a)(ii) of the HPTPR. Alternatively,
the plaintiffs sought a mandatory order enjoining the HSA to exercise its
powers under s 37(1) of the HPA to suspend the registration of the Alleged
Infringing Product until the final determination of the present suit. At the
hearing on 16 August 2021, the parties made their respective submissions
before me. I reserved judgment. Prior to the delivery of my judgment, the HSA
cancelled the registration of the Alleged Infringing Product on 27 August
2021.

Applications for an interim injunction against the defendant

19 On 29 January 2020, the plaintiffs filed HC/SUM 430/2020 (“SUM 430”) to
seek an interlocutory injunction to prevent the defendant from performing any
of the acts for which it obtained the registration of the Alleged Infringing
Product, including its distribution, until the conclusion of the present suit.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

HC/SUM 430/2020, prayer 1.

In addition, the first plaintiff filed HC/SUM 437/2020 on the same day, which
sought in substance the same relief as in SUM 430, except “until the
conclusion of CA/CA 211/2019”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

HC/SUM 437/2020, prayer 1.

I heard parties on these applications on 16 March 2020. On 2 April 2020, I
ordered that, inter alia, the defendant be restrained from performing any of
the acts for which registration of the Alleged Infringing Product had been
obtained under Therapeutic Product Registration No. SIN15736P until the
conclusion of the present suit, save that the defendant was not restrained
from supplying 2,183 vials of the Alleged Infringing Product pursuant to GPOR
17519. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Order of Court HC/ORC 2358/2020 dated 2 April 2020.

GPOR 17519 was the tender awarded by the group procurement arm of the National
Healthcare Group, National University Health System and Singapore Health
Services (“ALPS”) to the defendant in early November 2019 for the supply of
bortezomib to public hospitals in Singapore from March 2020 to November 2020.

20 Being dissatisfied with my decision, the plaintiffs sought leave to appeal
against my decision on SUM 430 (see [19] above) in HC/SUM 1716/2020 on 9 April
2020. The plaintiffs later filed HC/SUM 2121/2020 on 29 May 2020 to seek an
interlocutory injunction restraining the defendant from performing any of the
acts for which registration of the Alleged Infringing Product was obtained
under Therapeutic Product Registration No. SIN15736P pending the conclusion of
the plaintiffs’ appeal against the decision in SUM 430, or in the event that
their application for leave to appeal in HC/SUM 1716/2020 is dismissed, the
conclusion of any application to the Court of Appeal for leave to appeal the
decision in SUM 430. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

HC/SUM 2121/2020, prayer 1.

At the hearing on 9 June 2020, parties presented their arguments for HC/SUM
1716/2020 (ie, the application for leave to appeal against SUM 430) and HC/SUM
2121/2020 (ie, the application for an interim injunction pending the
conclusion of HC/SUM 1716/2020 or the conclusion of any application to the
Court of Appeal for leave to appeal against SUM 430). I dismissed the
plaintiffs’ leave application and their summons for an interim injunction. The
plaintiffs then applied to the Court of Appeal in CA/OS 18/2020 for leave to
appeal against SUM 430 on 22 June 2020. The Court of Appeal dismissed the
application for leave to appeal on 21 July 2020.

21 At the close of the trial on 27 October 2021, parties consented to
discharge the interim injunction which was granted in SUM 430 on 2 April 2020.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

HC/ORC 6069/2021.

HC/SUM 2368/2020 – striking out proceedings taken by the defendant

22 On 12 June 2020, the defendant applied in HC/SUM 2368/2020 to strike out
the present action pursuant to O 18 rr 19(1)(a) and (d) of the Rules of Court
2014 (the “ROC”). The defendant cited as its basis the plaintiffs’ failure to
provide the Particulars of Infringement pursuant to O 87A r 2(2) of the ROC.
Just prior to the hearing fixed on 15 July 2020, the plaintiffs filed an
application for leave to amend their Statement of Claim in HC/SUM 2850/2020.
In the circumstances, I made no order on the prayer seeking to strike out the
action but ordered costs against the plaintiffs in favour of the defendant. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

HC/ORC 3904/2020 dated 15 July 2020.

23 I turn now to the present suit before me.

Technical background

24 The Patents disclose the large-scale synthesis of boronic acid and ester
compounds for the production of bortezomib, a cancer drug for treating
multiple myeloma and mantle cell lymphoma. The difference between the two
Patents resides in the part of the synthetic process that each claims. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 31; Primer at p 3.

SG 322 mainly teaches the reaction sequence to generate the boronic ester
compound bearing Formula (I) (see [58(a)]) by involving the use of water-
immiscible ether solvent in the Matteson homologation reaction for use in the
manufacture of bortezomib. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Primer at p 3.

SG 29P, on the other hand, purports to teach the use of the “convergent
synthesis” process for the large-scale manufacture of bortezomib. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Primer at p 3.

25 Given the highly technical nature of the subject-matter in the Patents, I
directed that the parties provide a primer containing their respective
positions on the key concepts such as the person skilled in the art, common
general knowledge and the state of the art, and a glossary of the relevant
technical terms (the “Primer”) (see [110] below). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Primer and Glossary of Technical Terms (“Primer”) at p 1.

In this section, I distil the pertinent technical background to the Patents
based on the Primer and the expert reports proved by the parties’ experts (see
[106(a)] and [107(a)] below).

26 The Patents concern the field of pharmaceutical process chemistry. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 26; Takayuki Shioiri, Kunisuke Izawa,
Toshiro Konoike, Pharmaceutical Process Chemistry (Wiley-VCH, 2011).

Pharmaceutical process chemistry is a field bridging medicinal chemistry and
the industrial and commercial production of medicines. The main purpose of
pharmaceutical process chemistry is the scaling up of the process for the
production of specific drugs and active pharmaceutical ingredients (“APIs”).
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

US Department of Health and Human Services, Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and Center for Biologics Evaluation
and Research, Q7 Good Manufacturing Practice Guidance for Active
Pharmaceutical Ingredients Guidance for Industry (September 2016).

It therefore has the following features: (a) selection of inexpensive and
easily available starting materials; (b) utilisation of inexpensive catalysts
and/or reagents and solvents; (c) establishment of robust and speedy
procedures for producing drug candidates and APIs with high quality; (d)
development of methods to produce drug candidates and APIs in an economical,
convenient, and efficient manner; (e) avoidance of dangerous procedures and
hazardous reagents; (f) selection of safer and environmentally friendly
processes; and (g) reduction of wastes. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at Appendix N, p 2227.

Generally, pharmaceutical process chemistry involves the employment of known,
but conscientiously chosen and optimised synthetic methods and reagents to
produce specific drugs and APIs – it may not involve the discovery of new
chemical reactions. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 27.

Compounds, intermediates, reagents, catalysts and coordinating solvents

27 To recapitulate, the Patents claim chemical processes which produce
bortezomib. For a better grasp of the Patents, it would be useful to first
define the various terms used to describe the components involved in a
chemical reaction.

28 A chemical compound is any substance composed of identical molecules
consisting of atoms of two or more chemical elements held together by chemical
bonds. An organic compound consists of a relatively unreactive backbone, and
one or several functional groups. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Primer at p 67.

A functional group is a substituent or moiety in a molecule that causes the
molecule’s characteristic chemical reactions. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Primer at p 67.

29 A reactant is a substance that is consumed in the course of a chemical
reaction, and it is also known as a reagent. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Primer at p 27; Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 45 and Appendix P2
(IUPAC. Compendium of Chemical Terminology, 2nd ed. (the "Gold Book"); setting
out the definition of “reactant”; available at
https://goldbook.iupac.org/terms/view/R05163).

A reaction intermediate or an intermediate is a molecular entity that is
formed from the reactants but is consumed in further reactions. In the
hypothetical example below, A and B are reactants, ‘X’ is a reaction
intermediate and ‘Y’ is a final product: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Primer at p 70.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

30 A catalyst is a substance that speeds up a chemical reaction, or lowers the
temperature or pressure needed to start one, without itself being consumed
during the reaction. An example of a catalyst is a Lewis acid (see [36]
below). A coordinating ether solvent is a solvent that is capable of
coordinating the Lewis acid and solvating the ionic components of the
reaction. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 45.

Boronic acid

31 Bortezomib is a type of boronic acid. To understand the context in which
the Patents teach processes to synthesise bortezomib, it is important to
understand the basic structure of boronic acid. In the Primer, the plaintiffs
define boronic acid as a compound related to boric acid in which one of the
three hydroxyl groups is replaced by an alkyl or aryl group. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Primer at p 58.

A hydroxyl group is a functional group denoted by the chemical formula −OH and
composed of one oxygen atom covalently bonded to one hydrogen atom. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Primer at p 69.

An alkyl group is derived from an alkane by the removal of one hydrogen atom
from a carbon atom. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Primer at p 53.

In organic chemistry, an alkane is a hydrocarbon, which in other words
consists of hydrogen and carbon atoms only, arranged in a tree structure. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Primer at p 52.

For instance, the alkyl group of methane (denoted by the chemical formula CH4)
is methyl (denoted by the chemical formula CH3). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Primer at p 52.

An aryl group is a functional group derived from a simple aromatic ring
compound where one hydrogen atom is removed from the ring. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Primer at p 54.

For example, a simple aryl group is phenyl (denoted by the chemical formula
C6H5), a group derived from benzene (denoted by the chemical formula C6H6).
The defendant has defined boronic acid as “compounds having the structure
RB(OH)2”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Primer at p 58.

While the parties have defined boronic acid slightly differently in the
Primer, the definitions are common in respect of the chemical structure of
boronic acid: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Primer at p 58.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 1: Chemical structure of boronic acid

32 Boronic acids also act as Lewis acids, with the unique capability of
forming reversible covalent complexes with substances such as sugars, amino
acids, hydroxamic acids. Given their unique characteristics, boronic acids are
used extensively in organic chemistry as chemical building blocks and
intermediates in various organic reactions.

33 The annotated diagram below depicts the components of bortezomib: the two
hydroxyl groups circled by the dotted lines and the replacement group with the
dashed line. The boron atom is denoted by “B”.

![A green and black symbols

Description automatically generated with medium
confidence](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 2: Diagrammatic representation of bortezomib produced with the first
plaintiff’s process (on the left) and with DRL's process (on the right)

Boron “ate” complex

34 In the context of bortezomib, the “ate” complex refers to a specific type
of complex formed during the synthesis of the active ingredient, bortezomib.
Specifically, it refers to the complex formed between boronic acid and an
organometallic reagent, typically a lithium or magnesium compound, which is
used to create the boronate ester intermediate in the synthesis of bortezomib.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Primer at p 55.

It is a complex which is formed by the rearrangement of boron compounds in the
presence of Lewis acid. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

SG 322 at paras [001], [007], [025], [028], and [030].

These boron compounds can be represented in the form of Formula (II), 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

SG 322 at paras [027], [035], [036], [038], [041], [048], [053], [055], [057],
[058] and [068] and claims 1, 8, 10, 13, 3, 32, 33 and 38.

as (IIa) or (IIb), 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SG 322 at para [073] and claim 48.

and as the compound of Formula (XV). 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SG 322 at paras [085], [086] and [093] and claims 49, 50, 52 and 53.

This complex allows for the transfer of the boronic acid moiety to the
organometallic reagent, which is necessary to form the boronate ester
intermediate. Without this complex, the reaction may not proceed effectively,
leading to lower yields or incomplete reaction. The “ate” complex is therefore
a critical component of the synthesis of bortezomib, allowing for the
efficient formation of the boronate ester intermediate.

35 Furthermore, the formation and stability of the “ate” complex is dependent
on several factors, such as the nature of the boronic acid and the
organometallic reagent, as well as the reaction conditions. As a result,
optimizing the conditions for the formation of this complex is important for
the efficient synthesis of bortezomib. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Primer at p 56.

Lewis acid and base

36 A Lewis acid is a molecular entity and chemical species that contains an
empty orbital which is capable of accepting an electron pair from a Lewis base
to form a Lewis adduct. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Primer at p 72.

A Lewis base is any species that has a filled orbital containing an electron
pair which is not involved in bonding but may form a dative bond with a Lewis
acid to form a Lewis adduct because it can donate its lone pair of electrons.
69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Primer at p 72.

In a Lewis adduct, the Lewis acid and base share an electron pair furnished by
the Lewis base, forming a dative bond. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Primer at p 72.

This is depicted in the diagram below.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 3: Formation of a Lewis adduct

A dative bond is also known as a coordinate, coordination or dipolar bond, and
it is a bond formed upon interaction between molecular species where one
serves as a donor and the other an acceptor of the electron pair to be shared.
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Primer at p 63.

Its analogy as a “type” of covalent bond stems from it sharing a common
electron pair between two atoms; although dative bonds have significant
polarity, lesser strength and greater length. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Primer at p 63.

A covalent bond is a region of relatively high electron density between nuclei
of atoms which arises from inter alia the sharing of electrons. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Primer at p 62.

37 For the purposes of the present suit, it would be useful to note that zinc
chloride (ZnCl2) is a Lewis acid. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at para 30.

Nucleofugic group

38 A nucleofuge group, otherwise known as a nucleofugic group, is a functional
group that is capable of leaving a molecule during a chemical reaction by
accepting a pair of electrons. It departs from a substrate with a pair of
electrons, forming a new species, while the substrate undergoes a
transformation. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Primer at pp 75–76.

In the synthesis of bortezomib, a nucleofuge is used in the formation of the
boronic acid or boronate ester moiety. For instance, a suitable nucleofugic
group is attached to a boron-containing intermediate, and upon reaction with
the desired nucleophile, the nucleofugic group leaves the molecule, enabling
the formation of the boronic acid or boronate ester functional group. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Primer at p 76.

Proteasome

39 The proteasome is a multisubunit enzyme complex that plays a central role
in the regulation of proteins that control cell-cycle progression and
apoptosis (cell death), and has therefore become an important target for
anticancer therapy. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Primer at p 82.

Coordinating solvent and coordinating ether solvent

40 A coordinating solvent or a coordinating co-solvent refers to a solvent
that is capable of coordinating the Lewis acid and solvating the ionic
components of the reaction. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Primer at p 62.

A co-solvent is a solvent added to another primary solvent to modify the
solubility of the reaction components. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Primer at p 62.

41 A coordinating ether solvent is an organic solvent that contains one or
more ether functional groups, such as dimethyl ether, diethyl ether, or
tetrahydrofuran (“THF”). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Primer at p 62.

These solvents are commonly used in coordination chemistry and organometallic
chemistry, as they have the ability to coordinate with metal ions and
facilitate their solubility in organic solvents. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Primer at p 62.

Relevant chemical processes (or reactions) in the synthesis of bortezomib

Matteson homologation process

42 Homologation is the chemical process through which some boronic acid esters
compounds (ie, the class of intermediates in the synthesis of bortezomib (see
[58] below)) are synthesised. In organic chemistry, a homologation reaction is
any chemical reaction that converts the reactant into the next member of the
homologous series, which is a group of compounds that differ by a constant
unit, generally a methylene (–CH2–) group. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Primer at p 68.

43 The Matteson homologation protocol is an organic chemistry reaction used to
extend a carbon chain by one carbon atom, while also introducing a functional
group, typically an alkene or alkyne. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Primer at p 74.

The reaction involves the use of a homologating agent, which contains a
halogen atom, and a nucleophile, typically an organometallic reagent such as
an alkyl lithium or magnesium compound. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Primer at p 74.

In the manufacture of bortezomib, the Matteson homologation protocol
introduces an additional carbon atom to the boronate ester intermediate, which
is a key step in the synthesis of bortezomib. Specifically, the protocol
involves the use of a Lewis acid catalyst, which facilitates the reaction
between the boronate ester intermediate and the homologating agent. The Lewis
acid catalyst may be a metal halide such as zinc chloride, which coordinates
with the boronate ester intermediate and activates it towards reaction with
the homologating agent. The resulting product is an extended carbon chain with
a new functional group, which can be further manipulated to obtain the desired
final product, bortezomib. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Primer at p 74.

44 In 1983, Professor Donald S. Matteson (“Prof Matteson”) reported his
studies on the synthesis of (+)-pinanediol (αS)-α-chloro-α-phenylmethane
boronate by using zinc chloride as a Lewis acid catalyst in an academic
article titled “Epimerization of α-Chloro Boronic Esters by Lithium and Zinc
Chlorides” (“Matteson and Erdik”). 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at Appendix O, p 2235.

Prof Matteson recorded his findings that the epimerisation of (+)-pinanediol
(αS)-α-chloro-α-phenylmethane boronate was catalysed by lithium chloride
(denoted by chemical formula LiCl) in the solvent THF. THF is an organic
compound with the formula (CH2)4O, and in the case of moisture-sensitive
reactions, anhydrous THF may be used. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Primer at p 81.

Epimerisation creates an undesirable compound that reduces product purity (see
[52] below). 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 34.

Prof Matteson observed that the rate of epimerisation is greatly increased by
reagents which promote the ionisation of lithium chloride, including water and
dimethyl sulfoxide. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at Appendix O, p 2235.

The active catalyst is thus the free chloride ion (Cl-). Prof Matteson further
explained that zinc chloride (being a direct substitute for lithium chloride)
also catalysed the epimerisation. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at Appendix O, p 2235.

In summary, the Matteson homologation reaction may be split into two stages,
and the synthetic reaction sequence is shown below.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 4: Diagrammatic representation of the Matteson homologation process

45 Step 1 involves the synthesis of the boron “ate” complex (ie, an
intermediate in the synthesis of bortezomib), while step 2 involves contacting
the resultant boron “ate” complex with a Lewis acid (contacting step) to
generate the desired product. The yield of the desired product was accompanied
with a 6% rate of the unwanted epimerised product (see [249] below). In the
subsequent studies, Matteson and Erdik identified excess lithium chloride
(LiCl) to be the reason for the rate of epimerisation observed, and further
noted that the presence of a small amount of water led to the higher
ionisation of lithium chloride (in other words, an increased formation of Li+
ions and Cl- ions). As a consequence, the rate of epimerisation increased
significantly. The diagram below illustrates the epimerisation process.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 5: Diagram showing the epimerised by-product from the Matteson
homologation process

46 The known problem (or limitation) of the Matteson homologation process is
therefore epimerisation, which introduces an undesired by-product. The
coordinating solvent, THF, with even small amounts of water, promotes the
ionisation of LiCl, and the Cl- ions. This in turn causes the epimerisation of
the desired product to form the undesired by-product that is the impurity (or
the epimer). Moisture in the THF is likely introduced by the Lewis acid
catalyst, zinc chloride (ZnCl2), itself. Zinc chloride is a highly hygroscopic
compound (ie, it absorbs moisture from its surroundings) and drying it is
difficult and resource-intensive, especially when a large amount of the Lewis
acid is to be dried. To illustrate the magnitude of the known problem of
epimerisation, Matteson and Erdik recorded that 11mg of water in 10ml of THF
doubled the rate of epimerisation. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at Appendix O, p 1085.

Resultantly, the yield of the desired product falls.

Deprotection

47 Deprotection is a chemical process in which a protecting group is removed
from a functional group in a molecule, restoring the original reactivity of
that functional group. Protecting groups are temporary modifications made to a
molecule to prevent undesirable side reactions during a multi-step synthesis.
92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Primer at p 64.

In the synthesis of bortezomib, deprotection is a critical step. Bortezomib
contains an N-terminal pyrazinoic acid moiety and a C-terminal boronic acid
group. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Primer at p 64.

During synthesis, the boronic acid group is often protected as a boronate
ester to prevent unwanted side reactions. Deprotection of the boronate ester
is necessary to obtain the active boronic acid form of bortezomib. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Primer at p 64.

Ionisation

48 Ionisation is the process by which an atom or molecule acquires a net
electric charge by gaining or losing one or more electrons, thus forming an
ion. In the context of the manufacture of bortezomib, ionisation may be
utilised during the analytical stages to monitor the quality and purity of the
intermediates and the final product. Ionisation is employed in various
analytical techniques such as mass spectrometry, to identify and characterise
molecules by altering their charge states and subsequently detecting their
masses.

Linear synthesis

49 Linear synthesis is a chemical synthesis process in which a series of
linear transformation reactions are used to convert a reactant or some
reactants into a product or multiple products. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Primer at p 72.

This synthesis process includes the longest route for the production of the
target product. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Primer at p 72.

Convergent synthesis

50 Convergent synthesis is a chemical synthesis process in which pieces of the
desired product are made by a set of reactions, and the pieces are combined
with each other via another set of reactions. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Primer at p 61.

This type of synthesis process is different from linear synthesis because this
process involves parallel reactions rather than linear transformations. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Primer at p 61.

This process features in SG 29P.

Concepts measuring the efficacy of the synthesis of bortezomib

Diastereomeric ratio

51 Diastereomeric ratio is a term used in chemistry to describe the relative
amounts of different diastereomers in a mixture. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Primer at p 65.

Diastereomers are stereoisomers that are not mirror images of each other (or
non-superimposable stereoisomers) and have different physical and chemical
properties. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Primer at p 65.

Such physical and chemical properties include melting point, boiling point and
solubility. The diastereomeric ratio is usually expressed as the ratio of the
concentration of one diastereomer to the concentration of the other
diastereomer in a mixture. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Primer at p 65.

For example, if a mixture contains 60% of diastereomer A and 40% of
diastereomer B, the diastereomeric ratio of A:B is 3:2. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Primer at p 65.

By measuring the diastereomeric ratio, pharmaceutical chemists can determine
the purity and quality of drug compounds, optimise the production processes
for chiral drugs and monitor the stability and degradation of chiral drug
compounds during storage or in biological systems. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Primer at p 65.

Epimerisation

52 Epimerisation is a process in which there is an interconversion of one
epimer to another epimer (ie, the configuration of a stereocenter is changed
from one enantiomer to another). 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Primer at p 66.

An epimer is one of a pair of diastereomers, each of which have opposite
configuration at only one stereogenic centre out of at least two. In the
context of the Matteson homologation protocol, epimerisation can occur during
the reaction of the chiral starting material with reagents such as THF in the
presence of a Lewis acid catalyst (eg, zinc chloride). 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Primer at p 66.

During the Matteson homologation reaction, the chiral starting material is
converted to a new chiral intermediate, which is then used to synthesise the
boronic ester intermediate for bortezomib. If the reaction conditions are not
carefully controlled, however, the chiral intermediate can undergo
epimerisation, leading to the formation of undesired stereoisomers and
reducing the yield and purity of the desired product. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Primer at p 66.

Hygroscopic

53 Hygroscopic refers to a substance’s tendency to absorb moisture from the
environment. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Primer at p 69.

Hygroscopy is the phenomenon of attracting and holding water molecules via
either absorption or adsorption from the surrounding environment, which is
usually at normal or room temperature. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Primer at p 69.

In the context of the manufacture of bortezomib, hygroscopic materials may be
used to control moisture levels in the reaction environment to ensure the
stability and effectiveness of the final product. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Primer at p 69.

Miscibility

54 Miscibility is the ability of two or more substances to mix together and
form a homogeneous solution without phase separation. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Primer at p 75.

If two substances are miscible, they are also completely soluble in one
another irrespective of the order of introduction. For example, THF and water
are miscible. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Primer at p 74.

Scalability

55 Scalability is the ability of a process or system to handle a growing
amount of work or accommodate larger production volumes without compromising
efficiency, performance or quality. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Primer at p 80.

Stereochemical erosion

56 Stereochemical erosion is the loss of stereochemical information, such as
chirality or geometry, during a chemical reaction or process, leading to a
mixture of stereoisomers. Stereochemical erosion is an important consideration
in the synthesis of chiral compounds, particularly in pharmaceuticals, where
stereoisomers can have different biological activities. Stereochemical erosion
must be minimised during bortezomib synthesis to maintain the desired
stereochemistry of the final product, which directly affects its therapeutic
efficacy. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Primer at pp 82–83.

Synthesis of bortezomib

57 It is common ground that there are a number of ways to synthesise
bortezomib.

58 Bortezomib is made by synthesising a series of intermediates. The following
intermediates are relevant to the present suit: 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at para 44.

(a) The first intermediate is
(3aS,4S,6S,7aR)-2-((S)-1-chloro-3-methylbutyl)-3a,5,5-trimethyl-
hexahyfro-4,6-methanobenzo[d][1,3,2]dioxaborole. This compound is referred to
as Formula (I) in the Patents and “BZM-2” in DRL’s process.

(b) The second intermediate is 4-lsobutyl-2,9,9-trimethyl-3,5-dioxa-4-bora-
trioyclo[6.1,1.02.6],decane. This is referred to as Formula (III) in the
Patents and “BZM-1” in DRL’s process.

(c) The third intermediate is
1,1,1-trimethyl-N-((R)-3-methyl-l-((3aS,4S,6S,7aR)-3a,5,5-trimethylhexahydro-4,6-methanobenzo
[d][1,3,2]dioxaborol-2-yl)butyl)-N-(trlmethylsilyl), silanamine. This compound
is referred to as Formula (VIII) in the Patents and “BZM-3” in DRL’s process.

(d) The fourth intermediate is 3-Methyl-l-(2,9,9-trimethyl-3,5-dioxa-4-bora-
tricyclo [6.1.1.02.6] dec-4-yl, butyl amine trifluoroacetate. This compound is
an acid addition salt referred to as Formula (VII) or (XVIII) in the Patents
and “BZM-4” in DRL’s process.

(e) The fifth intermediate is (S)-3-Phenyl-2-[(pyrazine-2-carbonyl)-amino],
propionic acid. This compound is called Formula (XIXa) in the Patents and
“BZM-8” in DRL’s process.

(f) The sixth intermediate is Pyrazine-2-carboxylic acid
{1-[3-methyl-1(2,9,9-trimethyl-3,5-dioxa-4-boratricyclo [6.1.1.02.6]dec-4-yl),
butyl carbamoyl]-2-phenyl-ethyl)-amide. This compound is referred to as
Formula (XXIII) in the Patents and “BZM-9” in DRL’s process.

Relevant legal principles

Standing to commence proceedings for patent infringement

59 The general proposition is that the right of action for patent infringement
is reserved for the proprietor of the patent, with certain statutory
exceptions for persons other than the proprietor. In this case, the relevant
provision is s 74 of the Patents Act (Cap 221) (the “Patents Act”), which
provides that an exclusive licensee of a patent may commence proceedings for
its infringement. I reproduce the material parts of s 74 of the Patents Act:

Proceedings for infringement by exclusive licensee

74.—(1) The holder of an exclusive licence under a patent shall have the same
right as the proprietor of the patent to bring proceedings in respect of any
infringement of the patent committed after the date of the licence; and
references to the proprietor of the patent in this Act relating to
infringement shall be construed accordingly.

(2) In awarding damages or granting any other relief in any such proceedings,
the court or the Registrar shall take into consideration any loss suffered or
likely to be suffered by the exclusive licensee as such as a result of the
infringement, or, as the case may be, the profits derived from the
infringement, so far as it constitutes an infringement of the rights of the
exclusive licensee as such.

…

[emphasis added]

60 Correspondingly, the definition of an exclusive licensee is set out in s
2(1) of the Patents Act, which I reproduce in full:

2.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

…

“exclusive licence” means a licence from the proprietor of or applicant for a
patent conferring on the licensee, or on him and persons authorised by him, to
the exclusion of all other persons (including the proprietor or applicant),
any right in respect of the invention to which the patent or application
relates, and “exclusive licensee” and “non-exclusive licence” shall be
construed accordingly; …

61 To determine whether a party is an exclusive licensee, the Court must
assess all the evidence put before it. Generally, the decision will depend on
the contract that governs the party’s status as an exclusive licensee. In the
case of Oxford Nanopore Technologies Ltd v. Pacific Biosciences of California
Inc [2017] EWHC 3190 (Pat) (“Oxford Nanopore”), the English High Court has
summarised some relevant principles to aid in the determination of whether a
licence is exclusive (at [44]). The relevant portion of the decision in Oxford
Nanopore is reproduced below:

In my judgment, the following propositions can be drawn from the authorities
and texts to which I have referred above:

i) Whether or not a licence is an exclusive licence for the purposes of
section 67(1) of the Patents Act is a matter for English law: Dendron,
paragraph 9;

ii) A licence which purports to be an exclusive licence may not necessarily be
so. Identifying an exclusive licence depends on a proper construction of the
document or documents: Dendron, paragraph 9. An exclusive licence will be
expressly so: circumstances in which an exclusive licence will be implied will
be rare, if they exist at all;

iii) It is for the party asserting that it is an exclusive licensee to
demonstrate that it is: Dendron, paragraph 9;

iv) The assessment of whether or not a licence is exclusive is not a “once and
for all assessment”: Dendron, paragraph 11. An exclusive licence may confer
upon the patentee a power to convert the licence into a non-exclusive licence:
Dendron, paragraph 11;

v) The “essential element” of an exclusive licence is that is it (sic) a
licence to the exclusion of all other persons, including the patentee or
applicant: Dendron, paragraph 11;

vi) It is possible to have a plurality of exclusive licences in respect of any
one patent: Courtauld's, page 210; Illumina, paragraph 475;

vii) But each exclusive licence may only be granted to one person – a licence
will not be exclusive if granted to a number of entities, even if they are
under the same control: Illumina, paragraph 254;

viii) An exclusive licensee may grant sub-licences to “persons authorised by
him”: Dendron, paragraph 11; Illumina, paragraph 254;

…

62 The cases referred to in the extract above at [61] are Dendron GmbH v
University of California (No 3) [2004] EWHC 1163 (Ch), Courtauld's Application
[1956] RPC 208 and Illumina Inc and others v Premaitha Health PLC and another
[2017] EWHC 2930 (Pat).

63 Later in this judgment (see [115]–[122] below), I analyse the issue of the
second plaintiff’s standing as an exclusive licensee with these propositions
(at [61] above) in mind.

The law on patent validity

64 Section 80(1) of the Patents Act sets out the grounds on which the validity
of a patent can be undermined. Of particular relevance to the present case is
the following ground: the invention is not a patentable invention (s
80(1)(a)). The applicable legal principles are elaborated on below.

How to construe the claims in a patent?

65 Before moving to the substantive question proper, the claims asserted in a
patent should first be properly interpreted. Claim construction is an integral
exercise to dealing with issues relating to the validity and infringement of a
patent. It involves determining the substance of the claim, which in turn
clarifies the scope of protection of the invention: IIa Technologies Pte Ltd v
Element Six Technologies Ltd [2023] 1 SLR 987 (“Element Six”) at [62]; Sunseap
Group Pte Ltd and others v Sun Electric Pte Ltd [2019] 1 SLR 645 (“Sunseap”)
at [68]; First Currency Choice Pte Ltd v Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd and
another appeal [2008] 1 SLR(R) 335 (“First Currency”) at [23]. In other words,
claim construction seeks to answer the question: what does the patentee claim
monopoly rights over? Section 113(1) of the Patents Act states as follows:

Extent of invention

113.—(1) For the purposes of this Act, an invention for a patent for which an
application has been made or for which a patent has been granted shall, unless
the context otherwise requires, be taken to be that specified in a claim of
the specification of the application or patent, as the case may be, as
interpreted by the description and any drawings contained in that
specification, and the extent of the protection conferred by a patent or
application for a patent shall be determined accordingly.

In First Currency, the Court of Appeal held that the claims themselves are the
principal determinant in ascertaining the true construction of a patent
specification (at [23]). It explained that the description and other parts of
the specification play an assisting role in the construction of the claims
(ibid). The claims and the description are to be read together and construed
contextually (ibid). As the background of the words used in the claims may be
affected or defined by what is said in the body of the patent specification,
the claims should not be viewed independently, but construed as part of the
whole specification (First Currency at [24], citing Rosedale Associated
Manufactures Ld v Carlton Tyre Saving Coy Ld [1960] RPC 59 at 69). That said,
it is impermissible to “put a gloss on or expand the claims” by relying on a
statement in the specification (ibid). If the claims have an ordinary and
plain meaning, then reliance ought not to be placed on the language used in
the body of the specification so as to make them mean something different
(First Currency at [24], relying on Electric & Musical Industries v Lissen Ld
(1938) 56 RPC 23 at 57). The Court of Appeal therefore endorsed the “purposive
construction” approach to the claims to determine the essential features of an
invention, which are protected by the patent (First Currency at [25]).

66 Another facet of claim construction pertains to the relationship between
independent and dependent claims. The Court of Appeal in Sunseap held that
“once the defendant succeeds in establishing that all the independent claims
in a patent are invalid, the dependent claims must necessarily fall away and
the patent as a whole must be regarded as invalid” [emphasis added] (Sunseap
at [70]). The Sunseap approach contends that the invalidity of the underlying
independent claim necessarily undermines the foundation of the dependent
claims. In Element Six, the Court of Appeal deemed it unnecessary to rule on
the correctness of the observation in Sunseap and left this to be considered
at a later juncture (at [240]). The approach in Element Six involved an
assessment of the sole independent claim asserted and the resolution of the
remaining dependent claims asserted was on the basis that they all “refer back
to [claim 1]” (ie, the independent claim) (Element Six at [29] and [239]). As
the Court of Appeal has left open the question in Element Six, I would have
ordinarily also considered the issue of validity on a claim-by-claim basis
(Element Six at [236]) in addition to applying the general rule in Sunseap
that a patent should be revoked if all the independent claims in the patent
have been found to be invalid (see Sunseap at [70]). However, as the parties
have run their respective cases on the premise that all other asserted claims
are contingent on the validity of the first independent claim in SG 322 and SG
29P respectively (see [148], [162] and [184] below), I will engage only with
the arguments specific to claim 1 of SG 322 and claim 1 of SG 29P.

67 Having set out the approach taken for claim construction, the next aspect
to consider is the theoretical perspective through which the construction is
conducted. It is envisaged that the notional person through whose eyes the
claim must be construed is one who is a reasonable person skilled in the art.
The Court in Element Six affirmed that the person skilled in the art is
concerned with the subject-matter of the patent, which should be determined
with reference to the words in the patent specification (at [69] and [72]).
The distinction is that the person skilled in the art is imbued with certain
knowledge and assumptions that one attributes to that particular audience.
Courts have considered the purposive interpretation of the claims to be able
to adequately balance the rights of the patentee and those of third parties:
Element Six at [79]; Lee Tat Cheng v Maka GPS Technologies Pte Ltd [2018] 1
SLR 856 (“Lee Tat Cheng (CA)”) at [41]; First Currency at [26]; FE Global
Electronics Pte Ltd v Trek Technology (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 874
(“Trek Technology (CA)”) at [14]. Who the person skilled in the art is depends
on the technology and patented invention. He should be taken to be the workman
or technician who is aware of everything encompassed in the state of the art
and who has the skill to make routine workshop developments, but not to
exercise inventive ingenuity or think laterally (Element Six at [67]; First
Currency at [28], citing with approval Pfizer Ltd’s Patent [2001] FSR 16 at
[62]–[63]). Despite the lack of ingenuity, the person skilled in the art is
equipped with a reasonable degree of intelligence and with a wish to make the
directions in the patent work (Element Six at [69], citing Zipher Ltd v Markem
Systems Ltd and another [2008] EWHC 1379 (Pat) at [366] with approval; see
also Ng Kok Cheng v Chua Say Tiong [2001] 2 SLR(R) 326 (“Ng Kok Cheng”) at
[21], which cited with approval McGhan Medical UK v Nagor Case No 1999 1720
(28 February 2001) at [23]–[24]). Further, the person skilled in the art would
possess common general knowledge of the subject matter in question: Element
Six at [67] and [69]; First Currency at [28].

68 Common general knowledge is information which, at the relevant date, is
common knowledge in the art to which the alleged invention relates, so as to
be known to duly qualified persons engaged in that art: Element Six at [63].
It features in the analysis of the validity of the patent in various ways.
When determining whether the patented invention is novel or contains an
inventive step, the person skilled in the art employs his common general
knowledge to interpret prior art, amongst other purposes: Element Six at [64].
Interpreting the prior art is crucial to determining what information is
conveyed to the person skilled in the art at the priority date of the patent
in suit or the date on which the piece of prior art (such as a book or
journal) was published and whether that information renders the invention
obvious and/or anticipates the invention. However, the disclosure does not
form part of the common general knowledge merely because it is widely read or
circulated – rather, it must be shown that it is generally known and regarded
as a good basis for further action by the bulk of those who are engaged in the
particular art to which the disclosure relates: Element Six at [74]. In the
contexts of claim construction and sufficiency, however, the person skilled in
the art mainly directs his common general knowledge towards the interpretation
of the patent claims and the working of the invention disclosed therein:
Element Six at [64].

69 Section 80(1) of the Patents Act sets out the grounds on which a patent may
be revoked for lack of validity. Of particular relevance to the present case
are the following grounds: the invention is not a patentable invention (s
80(1)(a)); and the specification of the patent does not disclose the invention
clearly and completely for it to be performed by a person skilled in the art
(s 80(1)(c)).

Is the invention patentable?

70 Whether the invention is patentable rests on the statutorily-defined
requirements in s 13(1) of the Patents Act. The requirements for an invention
to be patentable are listed below:

(a) The invention must be new (s 13(1)(a)) (the “novelty requirement”).

(b) The invention must involve an inventive step (s 13(1)(b)) (the “inventive
step requirement”).

(c) The invention must be capable of industrial application (s 13(1)(c)).

71 In the present case, only the requirements of novelty and inventive step
are put in issue.

(1) Novelty requirement

(A) The state of the art

72 Parties agree on the applicable law on the novelty requirement. The law on
novelty is set out in s 14 of the Patents Act. Section 14(1) provides that
“[a]n invention shall be taken to be new if it does not form part of the state
of the art”. Section 14(2) sets out the definition of the “state of the art”:

The state of the art in the case of an invention shall be taken to comprise
all matter (whether a product, a process, information about either, or
anything else) which has at any time before the priority date of that
invention been made available to the public (whether in Singapore or
elsewhere) by written or oral description, by use or in any other way.

73 The principles that govern the inquiry on what constitutes the state of the
art for the purposes of assessing patentability are well established. Section
14(2) makes it clear that the state of the art is assessed on a worldwide
basis with no geographical or territorial limits: Rohm and Haas Electronic
Materials CMP Holdings, Inc (formerly known as Rodel Holdings, Inc) v
NexPlanar Corp and another [2018] 5 SLR 180 (“Rohm”) at [46]. It comprises
“all matter” made available to the public before the priority date: ibid. The
modality of “[being] made available” may be through “written or oral”
disclosure, “use”, or “in any other way”. The priority date is the date of the
filing of the application (s 17(1) Patents Act), but the patentee may depart
from the default position by claiming that the priority date of the invention
takes reference from the date of filing of an earlier patent application or
applications (s 17(2) Patents Act). This has the effect of limiting the state
of the art to what it was at that earlier date: Element Six at [59]. Section
14(3) provides that the “state of the art” may also include matter contained
in a patent application that was published on or after the priority date of
the invention, provided that: (a) that matter was contained in that patent
application at the time when it was filed, as well as when it was published;
and (b) the priority date of that patent application is earlier than that of
the patented invention. While the scope of the state of the art is broad,
there must be “clear and satisfactory evidence” that the prior disclosure
and/or use did in fact take place: Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v United
Overseas Bank Ltd and another (First Currency Choice Pte Ltd, third party)
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 1021 (“Main-Line”) at [55].

(B) Anticipation by prior state of the art

74 Once the prior disclosure or prior art is identified, the next step is to
determine whether the claimed invention was anticipated by the prior
disclosure or prior art: Lee Tat Cheng v Maka GPS Technologies Pte Ltd [2018]
3 SLR 1334 (“Lee Tat Cheng (HC)”) at [76]–[77]; Rohm at [58].

75 Whether the claimed invention was anticipated turns on more than merely the
prior publication identifying the subject matter of the claim in the later
patent. Anticipation requires “enabling disclosure”: see Merck & Co Inc v
Pharmaforte Singapore Pte Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 708 (“Merck”) at [38]. To meet
the threshold of “enabling disclosure” means that an invention would be
anticipated by the prior art if the teachings disclosed in it are sufficiently
clear and complete to allow the person skilled in the art to make the claimed
invention. The information or teachings disclosed in the prior art may be
explicit or implicit: Research in Motion v Inpro [2006] RPC 517 at [128] (see
generally Terrell on the Law of Patents (Colin Birss gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
19th Ed, 2022) (“Terrell”) at paras 11.68–11.71). The disclosure should be “so
clear” that a person skilled in the art following those directions “must
inevitably produce something [ie, a product or a process] that would, if the
patentee’s patent were valid, infringe the patentee’s claim”: ASM Technology
Singapore Pte Ltd v Towa Corp [2018] 1 SLR 211 at [59]; Mühlbauer AG v
Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd [2010] 2 SLR 724 (“Mühlbauer”) at
[17]. This inquiry in relation to disclosure has been framed as the “reverse
infringement” test in Dien Ghin Electronic (S) Pte Ltd v Khek Tai Ting
(trading as Soon Heng Digitax) [2011] 3 SLR 227 (per Chan Seng Onn J (as he
then was) at [30]) and the “would it infringe” test in Lee Tat Cheng (HC) (per
George Wei J at [81]). It would not suffice if the disclosure in the prior art
is a “near miss” (see Main-Line at [63]) or merely reveals “something close or
similar” to the claimed invention (see Lee Tat Cheng (HC) at [80]). Put
another way, a disclosure which does not enable the person skilled in the art
to perform the claimed invention is not anticipatory (see Rohm at [61]). In
construing whether a piece of art has anticipated the claimed invention, where
the prior art is a patent application, this prior art must be construed as at
the date of its publication and not on the date that it was filed: Mühlbauer
at [18].

76 The burden is on the party challenging the novelty of a granted patent to
adduce evidence of a prior disclosure that led to the claimed invention
forming part of the state of the art: Rohm at [49]; Martek Biosciences Corp v
Cargill International Trading Pte Ltd [2012] 2 SLR 482 at [44].

77 Finally, there exists a rule against “mosaicking” the pieces of the prior
art in the assessment of the novelty requirement. This is to say that it is
impermissible to assemble all the pieces of prior art together into a “mosaic”
and then to compare the claimed invention against this “mosaic”. The claimed
invention should only be compared against each individual piece of prior art
to determine whether it was anticipated by each piece of prior art, unless the
prior art expressly directs the reader to another piece of prior art: Trek
Technology (CA) at [38]; Rohm at [62], Mühlbauer at [18].

78 In summary, the novelty requirement is dealt with in the following manner
(Rohm at [63]):

(a) Determine the relevant state of the art.

(b) Interpret the prior art material from the perspective of the person
skilled in the art at the date the material entered the prior art and without
use of hindsight or mosaicking, and consider what each piece of prior art
disclosed.

(c) Interpret the scope of the claimed invention from the perspective of the
person skilled in the art and by reference to the patent specification.

(d) Compare the prior art against the claimed invention and determine whether
the prior art anticipated the claimed invention.

(2) Inventive step requirement

79 The applicable law on inventive step is well-established. Section 15
defines an inventive step as one that “is not obvious to a person skilled in
the art”, having regard to the relevant state of the art. This is termed an
inquiry for obviousness. An invention shall be taken to involve an inventive
step if it is not obvious to a person skilled in the art, having regard to any
matter which forms part of the state of the art as at the priority date of the
invention: Element Six at [60]. When considering the issue of obviousness, it
is assumed that the invention is novel and differs in some identifiable
respect from the prior art. The key question then is whether these differences
constitute steps that would have been obvious: Element Six at [60].

80 The state of the art in the obviousness inquiry is a subset of the state of
the art in the novelty inquiry. Although both inquiries concern themselves
with the construction of the relevant state of the art, the relevant state of
the art for the inventive step requirement is the same state of the art for
the novelty requirement, except that unpublished patent applications which
have a priority date earlier than that of the invention in question are
disregarded (see s 15 read with ss 14(2) and 14(3) of the Patents Act; Terrell
at para 12.41; Ng-Loy at para 30.2.49). Quite apart from the content of the
relevant state of art in the assessments of novelty and inventive step, the
manner in which the relevant state of the art is treated in the inquiries
differs as well. Unlike in the assessment of novelty, “mosaicking” is
permissible in the assessment of obviousness as long as the “mosaic” can be
put together by an unimaginative man with no inventive capacity: Mühlbauer at
[93], citing Technograph Printed Circuits Ltd v Mills & Rockley (Electronics)
Ltd [1972] RPC 346 (“Technograph”) at 355). The notional skilled person
assesses the obviousness of an invention by reference to the whole of the
state of the art relevant to the invention, using his common general
knowledge.

81 The Court of Appeal in First Currency set out the four-step test to
determine whether an alleged invention involves an inventive step (at
[41]–[42]). The four steps, which were derived from Windsurfing International
Inc v Tabur Marine (Great Britain) Ltd [1985] RPC 59 at 73–74 (“Windsurfing”),
are as follows:

(a) Identify the inventive concept embodied in the claim, or construe it:
Mühlbauer at [22]. A purposive approach is taken to claim construction:
Mühlbauer at [22]–[24]. The purposive approach asks: what would the
hypothetical person skilled in the art have understood the patentee to mean by
choosing to use the word/phrase (the cause of the dispute) in the claim at the
time of the patent application? (Lee Tat Cheng (CA) at [41(c)]).

(b) Identify (i) the notional person skilled in the art (ie, skilled but
unimaginative addressee in the art at the priority date) and (ii) impute to
him what was, at that date, common general knowledge in the art in question.
The skilled but unimaginative addressee is only a “diligent researcher” and
may be entitled to disregard a piece of prior art that he did not know of and
was not likely to know of or pay attention to: First Currency at [38]–[41].

(c) Identify what, if any, differences exist between the matter cited as
forming part of the “state of the art” and the inventive concept of the claim
or the claim as construed.

(d) Whether, viewed without any knowledge of the alleged invention in the
claim, those differences constitute steps which would have been obvious to the
skilled man or whether they require any degree of invention. This involves
comparing the invention against the whole of the state of the art comprising
all relevant pieces of prior art, and may involve “mosaicking”.

82 The inquiry in [81(d)] above is grounded in a holistic, multi-factorial
assessment of factors relevant to obviousness. The English courts have
acknowledged that the question of obviousness is necessarily fact-dependent:
Conor Medsystems Inc v Angiotech Pharmaceuticals Inc [2008] UKHL 49; [2008] 4
All ER 621 (“Conor”) at [42] and Actavis Group PTC EHF and others v ICOS
Corporation and another [2019] UKSC 15 (“Actavis”) at [63]. Lord Hoffmann
expressed his view on the holistic approach to the obviousness inquiry in
Conor:

As Kitchin J said in Generics (UK) Ltd v H Lundbeck A/S [2007] EWHC 1040 (Pat)
at [72], [2007] RPC 729 at [72]:

‘… The question of obviousness must be considered on the facts of each case.
The court must consider the weight to be attached to any particular factor in
the light of all the relevant circumstances. These may include such matters as
the motive to find a solution to the problem the patent addresses, the number
and extent of the possible avenues of research, the effort involved in
pursuing them and the expectation of success.’

83 The list of factors above (see [82]) was illustrative and not exhaustive:
Actavis at [63]. The English Supreme Court set out a non-exhaustive list of
considerations as follows: (i) whether at the priority date something had been
‘obvious to try’; (ii) the routine nature of the research and any established
practice of following such research through to a particular point; (iii) the
burden and cost of the research programme; (iv) the necessity for and the
nature of the value judgments which the team of persons skilled in the art
would have in the course of a testing programme; (v) the existence of
alternative or multiple paths of research; (vi) the motive of the person
skilled in the art; (vii) the fact that the results of research which the
inventor actually carried out were unexpected or surprising; (viii) hindsight,
which included knowledge of the invention, must not be used; (ix) whether a
feature of a claimed invention was an added benefit in a context in which the
claimed innovation was obvious for another purpose; and (x) the nature of the
invention (Actavis at [65]–[74]).

84 I set out the law on the relevant consideration which arises in the present
case: whether the inventive step is “obvious to try” to a person skilled in
the art who is in possession of the cited prior art.

85 In Lee Tat Cheng (HC) at [133] and Rohm at [121(d)], our courts have
endorsed the formulation of the “obvious to try” factor as outlined by Lord
Hoffmann in Conor at [42], approving Diplock LJ in Johns Manville Corp’s
Patent [1967] RPC 479 (“Johns Manville Corp’s Patent”) at 493. In Johns
Manville Corp’s Patent, Diplock LJ stated that “the notion of something being
obvious to try was useful only in a case in which there was a fair expectation
of success” (at 493). In other words, if the prior art teaches many paths one
of which might lead to the solution, the obvious thing to do will be to try
all those paths: Lee Tat Cheng (HC) at [133]. A decision to try a particular
path, with no fair expectation of success, is inventive: Lee Tat Cheng (HC) at
[133]. Although not relevant in our case, more recently, Lord Hodge in Actavis
considered that the general approach to the “obvious to try” consideration did
not preclude a finding of obviousness in a case where there is no particular
expectation as to the result of a routine test or experiment (at [65]). The
relevant extract from Actavis is reproduced below (at [65]):

… it is relevant to consider whether at the priority date something was
‘obvious to try’, in other words whether it was obvious to undertake a
specific piece of research which had a reasonable or fair prospect of success:
Conor v Angiotech (above) para [42] per Lord Hoffmann; MedImmune Ltd v
Novartis Pharmaceuticals UK Ltd [2012] EWCA Civ 1234, [2013] RPC 27 paras [90]
and [91] per Kitchin LJ. In many cases the consideration that there is a
likelihood of success which is sufficient to warrant an actual trial is an
important pointer to obviousness. But as Kitchin LJ said in Generics (UK) Ltd
(t/a Mylan) v Novartis AG [2012] EWCA Civ 1623, para 55, there is no
requirement that it is manifest that a test ought to work; that would impose a
straightjacket which would preclude a finding of obviousness in a case where
the results of an entirely routine test are unpredictable. As Birss J observed
in this case (para 276), some experiments which are undertaken without any
particular expectation as to result are obvious …

[emphasis added]

86 Inventiveness may be present even if the gap between the invention and what
existed in the prior art is small; a Lilliputian step is no less significant:
First Currency at [54]. However, a step which is in substance a “mere workshop
improvement” or “workshop variation of existing prior art” is not an inventive
step: ASM Assembly Automation Ltd v Aurigin Technology Pte Ltd and others
[2010] 1 SLR 1 at [55]. Whilst the court is often assisted in the assessment
of obviousness by experts, the ultimate decision on non-obviousness is one of
fact, impression and judgment, and one which only the court can make: Lee Tat
Cheng (HC) at [126].

87 I illustrate next the law on technical prejudice as it has developed in the
UK as the plaintiffs have relied on this factor.

88 The obviousness inquiry may feature a prejudice in overcoming the
preconceptions of the skilled person in a particular field: Terrell at para
12-97. In one of the seminal cases on the concept, Jacob J in Union Carbide
Corp v BP Chemicals [1998] RPC 1 at [25] explained that “[i]nvention can lie
in finding out that that which those in the art thought ought not be done,
ought to be done”. The learned authors in Terrell considered that the
prejudice may be a general one, and the invention a more specific answer to
it: Terrell at para 12-99. In Dyson Appliances Ltd v Hoover Ltd [2001] RPC 26;
[2001] IP & T 1 (“Dyson”), the claimant and the defendant were companies in
the business of manufacturing and distributing domestic vacuum appliances. The
claimant was the patent proprietor of a patent that enabled it to manufacture
vacuum cleaning appliances that did not require the user either to empty or
replace dust-collecting bags. Its vacuum cleaning appliances depended upon use
being made of cyclonic separation to deposit dirt from laden air that had been
sucked through the apparatus from a location that required cleaning. The
defendant later manufactured a vacuum cleaning appliance, which operated
without bags and made use of three cyclone separation units to separate dust
from the ambient air sucked in by the machine. The claimant alleged that
certain claims of the patent had been infringed by the defendant, while the
defendant claimed that the patent was invalid on the grounds of lack of
novelty, obviousness and insufficiency. In considering that the patent was
non-obvious, Michael Fysh QC sitting in the Chancery Division (Patents Court)
of England and Wales held that there had been a prejudice in favour of bags
within the industry, and no evidence of technical problems with the use of
those bags (at [156]). Furthermore, the court considered that there was no
motive or reason for stepping away from the prior art in the direction of the
claims (at [159]). In the discussion of technical prejudice that the person
skilled in the art would have to overcome, the court considered that the
“negative aspects of knowledge” – in this case the mindset within the vacuum
cleaner industry that no notional person skilled in the art would consider the
viability of purifying dirt-laden air from a vacuum cleaning operation (other
than through using a bag or a bag and a final filter) – “would at least have
caused the addressee to regard modification to any of these prior art
proposals with considerable reserve if not overt skepticism” (at [156]). The
claim in Dyson was narrower than a machine that was bag-free, but it was a
specific combination of an invention which overcame a relevant defect: Terrell
at para 12-99. The decision was upheld by the English Court of Appeal in Dyson
Appliances Ltd v Hoover Ltd [2001] EWCA Civ 1440.

89 It is also necessary to note the distinction between technical prejudice
and commercial prejudice. In Cipla Ltd v Glaxo Group [2004] EWHC 477 (Pat) at
[30], Pumfrey J held:

Such a prejudice may be a merely commercial one ('this device won't sell') or
it may be a technical one ('this won't work and it is not worth bothering
with'). A twenty-year monopoly is conferred for overcoming a prejudice of the
second kind, but not for overcoming a commercial prejudice (see Hallen v
Brabantia [1989] RPC 307, [1990] FSR 134 (Aldous J)). A technical prejudice
must be general: it is not enough that some persons actually engaged in the
art at the material time labour under a particular prejudice if a substantial
number of others do not. A prejudice which is insufficiently widespread for it
properly to be regarded as commonly shared will not, in my view, be attributed
to the notional skilled person. As Jacob J put it in Union Carbide v BP (above
at page 16):

'It is not good enough to show that a matter was known to some but not to
others and in particular it is not good enough to show that knowledge (or a
prejudice) was confined to one or a limited class of suggested exemplars of
the skilled man.'

It is clear from the holding above that the prejudice alleged by the patent
proprietor must be one that is technical in nature, rather than merely
commercial. The technical prejudice must also be sufficiently widespread to be
regarded as commonly shared. However, it is not necessary for the patent to
explain why the prejudice is wrong or provide a scientific explanation of how
the invention works to overcome it. Indeed, in Synthon BV v Teva
Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd [2015] EWHC 1395 (Pat), Birss J did not accept
that “much [could] be made of the fact that the patent did not expressly
assert that this or that element in the disclosure was surprising or
difficult” (at [115]), because it was ultimately an assertion that either
bears out in the assessment of the prior art, or it does not. It suffices that
the patent specification sets out properly the invention (at [115]). Having
set out the law on technical prejudice, I will consider the issue as it arises
in the present case below (see [213]–[219]).

Is the invention sufficiently disclosed?

90 Section 25(4) of the Patents Act requires, in the making of a patent
application, that the specification of the application “disclose the invention
in a manner which is clear and complete for the invention to be performed by a
person skilled in the art”. As I stated at [69], insufficiency of disclosure
is a ground for the revocation of a patent.

91 Following the decision in Element Six, insufficiency arising from
uncertainty is recognised as a ground of insufficiency in addition to
classical insufficiency. Classical insufficiency is where the patent
specification was not clear and complete enough to enable the person skilled
in the art to perform the invention across the whole breadth of the claim(s)
without an undue burden. Insufficiency resulting from uncertainty is concerned
with whether the person skilled in the art knew how to determine whether a
particular product or process was within the scope of the claimed invention
even after employing his common general knowledge and the normal claim
construction process. The assessment of sufficiency proceeded in two steps:
the first involved identifying the invention and deciding what it claimed to
enable the person skilled in the art to do; and the second step asked whether
the specification enabled him to do it: Element Six at [105]. Regardless of
whether the invention pertained to a product or a process, the patent
specification had to enable the invention to be performed by the person
skilled in the art over the full breadth of the monopoly claimed for the
purposes of the sufficiency requirement in ss 25(4) and 80(1)(c) of the
Patents Act: Element Six at [108].

The law on patent infringement

92 The concept of infringement is defined in s 66(1) of the Patents Act, which
reads:

Meaning of infringement

66.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a person infringes a patent for
an invention if, but only if, while the patent is in force, he does any of the
following things in Singapore in relation to the invention without the consent
of the proprietor of the patent:

…

(c) where the invention is a process, he disposes of, offers to dispose of,
uses or imports any product obtained directly by means of that process or
keeps any such product whether for disposal or otherwise.

[emphasis added]

93 Given that the defendant is the distributor of DRL’s Alleged Infringing
Product (rather than its manufacturer per se), s 66(1)(c) of the Patents Act
contains the relevant limb of patent infringement for the present case.

Shift in the burden of proof to the defendant

94 The prevailing law on s 68(1) of the Patents Act is trite. Generally, the
burden of proof is on the plaintiff to show that the defendant has done one or
more of the prohibited acts referred to in s 66(1) of the Patents Act.
However, there may be a reversal of this burden of proof if s 68(1) of the
Patents Act is engaged.

95 Section 68 of the Patents Act reads as follows:

Reversal of burden of proof

68.—(1) In any proceedings for the infringement of a patent, where the
subject-matter of the patent is a process for obtaining a new product, the
burden of proving that a product is not made by the process shall be on the
alleged infringer if the product is new or a substantial likelihood exists
that the product is made by the process and the proprietor of the patent has
been unable through reasonable efforts to determine the process actually used.

(2) In considering whether a party has discharged the burden imposed upon him
by this section, the court shall not require him to disclose any manufacturing
or commercial secret if it appears to the court that it would be unreasonable
to do so.

[emphasis added]

96 The test is therefore summarised as follows:

(a) If the patent concerns a new product, then the burden of proving that the
product is not made by the process shall be on the alleged infringer.

(b) If the patent does not concern a new product, the following must be shown:

(i) a substantial likelihood exists that the product is made by the process;
and

(ii) the proprietor of the patent has been unable through reasonable efforts
to determine the process actually used.

97 According to the High Court in Merck & Co Inc v Pharmaforte Singapore Pte
Ltd [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1072 (“Merck”) (at [55]–[57]), “new product” includes
anything not known in the state of the art, including improvements. Bortezomib
is known in the state of the art. The plaintiffs in the present case therefore
rely on the second limb of the test in s 68 of the Patents Act (see [96(b)]).

The parties’ cases

98 I move to the parties’ cases in these proceedings.

99 It bears mention that there are several factual and legal areas which
parties are broadly aligned on. There is no contention that the first
plaintiff is the proprietor on record for the Patents and thus has standing to
bring this action. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

DCS at para 79.

It is not in dispute that the defendant had indeed imported the Alleged
Infringing Product into Singapore and supplied the Alleged Infringing Product
to public hospitals pursuant to the tender awarded (ie, GPOR 17519). 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DCS at para 121 (para 110). The defendant appears to have misnumbered the
paragraphs in their submissions. I therefore refer to the paragraph number
that it ought to be at as well as the paragraph number as printed in the DCS
for completeness.

The plaintiffs’ case

100 The plaintiffs allege that DRL’s manufacturing process for the Alleged
Infringing Product (ie, a generic version of bortezomib) has infringed the
asserted claims of the Patents, which set out the manufacturing process for
bortezomib. The defendant tendered a bid for GPOR 17519 with the Alleged
Infringing Product and fulfilled the bid it was awarded by supplying the
Alleged Infringing Product to the relevant public hospitals. Thus, the
defendant has infringed the Patents, pursuant to s 66(1)(c) of the Patents
Act, by inter alia, disposing of, offering to dispose of and importing the
Alleged Infringing Product that was obtained directly by means of the process
protected by the Patents. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

SOC at paras 14A–14B: pp 9–10.

101 The key arguments underpinning the plaintiffs’ position are as follows:

(a) The second plaintiff has standing in the present action for patent
infringement. It is the exclusive distributor of the Product in Singapore. By
virtue of s 2 of the Patents Act, which “allows an exclusive right to be given
‘in respect of any right in respect of the invention’”, 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PCS at para 60.

the plaintiffs argue that such right should also include an exclusive
distribution right, and therefore, as an exclusive distributor, the second
plaintiff has locus standi in the present proceedings.

(b) The manufacturing process adopted by DRL infringes the asserted claims in
the Patents. Pursuant to s 66(1)(c) of the Patents Act, the defendant has
infringed the Patents.

(i) For SG 322, the plaintiffs allege that they have shown that there has been
a reversal of the burden of proof such that the defendant now bears the burden
of showing that DRL’s process is not using the taught process. The plaintiffs
contend that there is a substantial likelihood that the intermediate boronic
ester compound within the manufacturing process undertaken by DRL is made by
the patented process in SG 322 and they have undertaken reasonable efforts to
determine DRL’s process. Thus, the burden of proof shifts from the plaintiffs
to the defendant under s 68(1) of the Patents Act. The defendant has not
discharged its evidentiary burden in showing that the intermediate compound
was not made by the process taught in SG 322. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PCS at para 76.

(ii) For SG 29P, the plaintiffs contend that the process taught in the
asserted claims of SG 29P “falls on all fours” with the corresponding part of
DRL’s process. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PCS at para 134.

Further, the plaintiffs argue that claim 1 of SG 29P is not restricted to
large-scale processes (contrary to what the defendant asserts) because there
is no wording in the claim itself to suggest that the process taught is
subject to such a restriction. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCS at para 141(a).

(A) The specification of the patent does not support the defendant’s position
that the ambit of SG 29P is limited to large-scale processes only. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PCS at para 141(b).

(B) In any case, the plaintiffs’ expert, Prof Chiba Shunsuke (“Prof Chiba”),
has shown that a process which can be performed on a large-scale can be
applied to synthesise lower amounts of the same end-product. However, the
inverse – translating a small-scale process to a large-scale one – does not
hold with the same level of ease. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCS at para 141(c).

(C) In particular, the last part of the schematic representation of DRL’s
manufacturing process, where the compounds referred to as “BZM-4” and “BZM-8”
are coupled to synthesise the compound referred to as “BZM-9” and the final
product (ie, bortezomib) is exactly the same as the process disclosed in the
asserted claims of SG 29P. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PCS at para 135.

(c) The Patents are valid and subsisting at all material times.

(i) In SG 322, the core inventive concept is “the use of an ether solvent of
low miscibility with water in the contacting step at particular proportions”.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PCS at para 111.

This is novel and inventive.

(A) The defendant’s submission that the use of Lewis acid to promote the
rearrangement of the boron “ate” complex, ie, the Matteson homologation
reaction is known in International Publication No. WO 96/13266 (“WO 266”), US
Patent No. 5,780,454 (“US 454”) and US Patent No. 4,525,309 (“US 309”) is
misconceived. The teaching of SG 322 seeks to improve the Matteson
homologation process “for the large-scale production of boronic ester and acid
compounds”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

1AB at p 13.

(B) Furthermore, an application of the test in Windsurfing shows that “the
differences between the inventive concept of SG 322 and US 309 as well as the
common general knowledge of the material time would not be obvious to the
person skilled in the art”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

PCS at paras 119.

(ii) In SG 29P, the core inventive concept is “the convergent coupling of [two
compounds] to produce [another compound], which is deprotected to form
[bortezomib]”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCS at para 165.

(A) In response to the defendant’s argument that the removal of “large-scale”
from claim 1 of SG 29P results in added subject matter, the plaintiffs contend
that the patent description for SG 29P contains several statements and
examples which show that the process taught in SG 29P can be carried out
regardless of scale. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PCS at paras 142–143.

(B) The defendant also challenged the validity of SG 29P regarding added
subject matter – the patent description discloses a six-step process, but
claim 1 of SG 29P discloses a process with only the last two steps of the six-
step process. The plaintiffs’ response is that SG 29P, whether as originally
filed or later after grant, has always only referred to those two steps. Even
the parent of SG 29P, the 763 Patent, had only contained the two steps. The
parent is typically the first non-provisional patent application submitted for
a new invention. Thus, it is wrong of the defendant to allege that the steps
had been removed in SG 29P. Additionally, Mr Lim Teck Yeow (“Mr Lim”)
testified that there was sufficient support in the patent description filed
for claim 1 of SG 29P which shows the two steps being disclosed independent of
any preceding steps. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCS at paras 144–158.

102 Therefore, the following remedies are sought in the present suit: 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

SOC at para 15: SDB at p 11; PCS at para 4(5).

(a) For the first plaintiff:

(i) A declaration that the act(s) authorised by the registration of the
Alleged Infringing Product infringes the Patents.

(ii) An injunction to restrain the defendant from infringing the Patents.

(b) For the plaintiffs:

(i) An order for the delivery up or destruction upon oath of all infringing
articles or any article in which that Alleged Infringing Product is
inextricably comprised, in the defendant’s possession, power, custody or
control.

(ii) An inquiry as to damages or alternatively, at the plaintiffs’ option, an
account of profits and an order for payment of all sums due, with interest.

The defendant’s case

103 The defendant denies all allegations of its infringement of the Patents.
It raises the following arguments against the plaintiffs’ case:

(a) The second plaintiff does not have standing in the present proceedings.
132

##### Foot Note 132

×

DCS at para 117 (or 106).

Section 74 of the Patents Act enables the holder of an exclusive licence under
a patent to have the same rights as a proprietor of a patent to bring
proceedings in respect of an infringement. Section 75 of the Patents Act sets
out certain limitations to the exclusive licensee’s right to recover damages
and other financial relief if the exclusive licence is not registered. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

DCS at paras 88–89.

The defendant submits that the second plaintiff was not an exclusive licensee,
and did not register any document establishing that relationship. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

DCS at paras 110–115.

It relies on the concessions made by the second plaintiff’s Ms Ho King Siew
(“Ms Ho”) and emphasises the absence of any documentation evidencing its
status as an exclusive licensee. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Ibid.

Given that the second plaintiff was not an exclusive licensee, its claims must
be dismissed with costs. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

DCS at para 117 (para 106).

(b) The Patents are not valid and/or are not infringed by DRL’s manufacturing
process of the generic version of bortezomib, ie, the Alleged Infringing
Product.

(i) For SG 332, there is no infringement because it teaches the use of an
ether solvent having low miscibility with water. The defendant argues that it
has shown that DRL’s manufacturing process utilises THF, which is a water-
miscible ether solvent. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DCS at paras 31 and 35.

The defendant points to its willingness to have the plaintiffs visit the
manufacturing facilities used by DRL to verify its position, and emphasises
that the plaintiffs declined to take up this offer. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

DCS at para 36.

Further, the defendant counter-claims for the revocation of claims 1, 9–14,
20, 25, 26, 28, 30–35, 38, 41–44, 48 and 52 because their basis is neither
novel nor inventive. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

DCS at para 37.

Claims 12–20 of SG 322 should be revoked because of a manifest and evident
error in these claims. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

DCS at para 38.

(ii) For SG 29P, there is no infringement because DRL’s manufacturing process
is not a large-scale process. It is therefore not covered by the claims in SG
29P. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

DCS at para 39.

The defendant counter-claims for the revocation of SG 29P in its entirety
because the convergent synthesis process in the context of manufacturing
bortezomib (ie, the main process which is the subject of SG 29P) is neither
new nor inventive. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

DCC at paras 10–14: SDB at pp 84–86.

Another basis for the revocation of SG 29P is that the claims as granted in SG
29P contain added subject matter over the claims as filed. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

DCC at para 14A: SDB at p 86.

The final ground relied on for the revocation of SG 29P is that claim 1 is
unsupported by the description of the invention. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

DCS at para 40(c).

104 In the Primer, the defendant states its reliance on the following 15
documents as prior art in challenging the validity of the Patents:

(a) Donald S. Matteson and Debesh Majumdar, “a-Chloro Boronic Esters from
Homologation of Boronic Esters”, Journal of the American Chemical Society
(1980) Vol 102, pp 7588-7590 (“Matteson and Majumdar”);

(b) Donald S. Matteson and Rabul Ray, “Directed Chiral Synthesis with
Pinanediol Boronic Esters”, Journal of the American Chemical Society (1980)
Vol 102, pp 7590-7591 (“Matteson and Ray”);

(c) Donald S. Matterson et. al., “Boronic Ester Homologation with 99% Chiral
Selectivity and Its Use in Syntheses of the Insect Pheromones
(3S,4S)-4-Methyl-3-heptanol and exo-Brevicomin”, Journal of the American
Chemical Society (1983) 105, pp 2077-2078 (“Matteson 1983”);

(d) US Patent No. 4,537,773 dated 27 August 1985 (“US 773”);

(e) US Patent No. 4,845,079 dated 4 July 1989 (“US 079”);

(f) WO 266, filed with application number PCT/US95/14117, dated 9 May 1996;

(g) US 454 dated 14 July 1998 (see [5] above);

(h) Laurence Carmes et. al., “Homologation of Boronic Esters with
(Dialkoxymethyl)lithiums. Asymmetric Synthesis of a-Alkoxy Boronic Esters”,
Journal of Organic Chemistry (2000), Vol 65, pp 5403-5408 (“Carmes”);

(i) US 309 dated 25 June 1985 (see [101(c)(i)(A)] above);

(j) Sara Wu et. al., “Degradation Pathways of a Peptide Boronic Acid
Derivative, 2-Pyz-(CO)-Phe-Leu-B(OH)2”, Journal of Pharmaceutical Science
(2000), Vol. 89, Issue 6, pp 758-765 (“Wu”);

(k) WO 03/033506, filed as PCT/JP02/10450, dated 24 April 2003 (“WO 506”);

(l) WO 03/033507, filed as PCT/JP02/10451, dated 24 April 2003 (“WO 507”);

(m) US Package Insert for Velcade, Bortezomib for Injection;

(n) Announcement of commercialisation and development between Millenium
Pharmaceuticals and Ortho Biotech; and

(o) Center for Drug Evaluation & Research, US Chemistry Review Application No.
21-602.

105 As the defendant does not ultimately employ all of the materials listed at
[104] above in its arguments against the validity of the Patents, I will
address only the materials on which the defendant has structured its
objections for the validity of the Patents.

Evidence at the trial

106 At the trial, the plaintiffs led evidence from the following witnesses:

(a) Prof Chiba is the expert witness appointed by the plaintiffs for this suit
for his expertise in pharmaceutical chemistry. He is a tenured Professor of
Chemistry in the Division of Chemistry and Biological Chemistry, School of
Physical and Mathematical Sciences, of the Nanyang Technological University
and obtained a PhD from the Department of Chemistry in the University of Tokyo
in 2006. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Dr Chiba’s First Expert Report at Appendix A.

Dr Chiba has expertise in synthetic organic chemistry and catalysis, and has
published over 100 peer-reviewed papers. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Dr Chiba’s First Expert Report at paras 9 – 10.

He provided the following affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”):

(i) AEIC of Prof Chiba dated 13 August 2021 (“Prof Chiba’s 1st AEIC”)
containing his expert witness report dated 13 August 2021 (“Prof Chiba’s
Expert Report”);

(ii) AEIC of Prof Chiba dated 13 September 2021 (“Prof Chiba’s 2nd AEIC”)
containing his expert witness report dated 13 September 2021 (“Prof Chiba’s
Second Expert Report”) which addresses Dr Johannes’ Response (see [107(a)(ii)]
below);

(iii) AEIC of Prof Chiba dated 7 October 2021 (“Prof Chiba’s 3rd AEIC”)
containing his supplementary expert report dated 7 October 2021 (“Prof Chiba’s
Supplementary Expert Report”); and

(iv) AEIC of Prof Chiba dated 19 October 2021 (“Prof Chiba’s 4th AEIC”)
containing his second supplementary expert report dated 19 October 2021 (“Prof
Chiba’s Second Supplementary Expert Report”).

(b) Ms Ho King Siew is the legal director of the second plaintiff. Her AEIC is
dated 9 September 2021 (“Ms Ho’s AEIC”).

(c) Mr Lim Teck Yeow is the plaintiffs’ expert witness on issues of
intellectual property law, with an established practice in patent prosecution
specifically. He filed an AEIC dated 11 October 2021 (“Mr Lim’s AEIC”).

107 The defendant led evidence from the following witnesses:

(a) Dr Charles William Johannes (“Dr Johannes”) is the defendant’s expert
witness on pharmaceutical chemistry. He is the Vice President of the
Exploratory Chemistry department at FOG Pharmaceuticals, Inc and holds a PhD
in Organic Chemistry from Boston College in 1998. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at para 17.

Prior to his present appointment, Dr Johannes was Head of Organic Chemistry at
the Institute of Chemical and Engineering Sciences in A*STAR. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at para 19.

Dr Johannes is familiar with product compounds related to bortezomib such as
epoxocin and eponemycin and was named an inventor in a patent teaching their
preparation. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at para 20.

The following AEICs were filed:

(i) AEIC of Dr Johannes dated 9 September 2021 (“Dr Johannes’ 1st AEIC”)
containing his expert opinion dated 15 August 2021 (“Dr Johannes’ Expert
Report”); and

(ii) AEIC of Dr Johannes dated 14 September 2021 (“Dr Johannes’ 2nd AEIC”)
containing his reply to Prof Chiba’s Expert Report (“Dr Johannes’ Second
Expert Report”).

(b) Ms Julia binte Johari (“Ms Johari”) is a partner of the defendant. She is
in charge of the defendant’s regulatory matters in Singapore and Malaysia,
including filling and obtaining approval for registrations of the
pharmaceutical and health products that the defendant distributes. Ms Johari’s
AEIC dated 16 August 2021 (“Ms Johari’s AEIC”) contains her averments that she
had checked for the HSA registrations of bortezomib in Singapore.

(c) Mr Mohamed Tahir (“Mr Tahir”) is the managing partner of the defendant. He
is in charge of business development, sales, tenders, liaison with suppliers,
principals and customers. Mr Tahir’s AEIC dated 16 August 2021 (“Mr Tahir’s
AEIC”) details, inter alia, the process through which the Alleged Infringing
Product came to be registered in Singapore and the checks conducted by the
defendant prior to its registration.

(d) Mr Manda Amarendhar (“Mr Amarendhar”) is the lead “QbD” (or “Quality by
Design”) in DRL. He is a chemist by training and was part of the research and
development team in DRL that developed the process for manufacturing the
Alleged Infringing Product. Mr Amarendhar’s AEIC dated 16 August 2021 contains
his evidence on how the Alleged Infringing Product is produced and
manufactured by DRL.

(e) Mr Sunil Kumar Mishra (“Mr Mishra”) is an intellectual property management
specialist in DRL. He is a chemist by training and is a registered patent
agent in India. Mr Mishra is in charge of patent related activities in DRL,
such as patent filing and prosecution.

108 The parties agreed to the appointment of a court assessor, Professor Paul
Sharratt (“Prof Sharatt”), to assist the court in its review of the technical
evidence. This is provided for under s 10A(1) of the Supreme Court Judicature
Act (Cap 322) and O 33 r 4 of the ROC, where the court may appoint one or more
assessor to assist the court in dealing with a matter in which the assessor
has skill and experience within a trial. Prof Sharratt is a Professor at the
Singapore Institute of Technology and holds a PhD in Reaction Engineering from
the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology. He has
worked in areas related to chemical and pharmaceutical process development.

109 In our jurisprudence, there has not been any pronouncement on the role of
the court assessor in cases featuring intellectual property disputes. I found
Heerey J’s statements on the role of a court assessor in Genetic Institute Inc
v Kirin-Amgen Inc (No 2) (1997) 149 ALR 247 at 250 useful:

There is no question of an assessor giving any judgment or making any order
(even by consent) or otherwise exercising any judicial functions. An assessor
is to assist the judge, both in hearing and trial and/or in determination of
any proceeding. The judgment in the case, the exercise of the judicial power,
remains that of the judge. In exercising judicial power, a judge is routinely
assisted by persons who are not judges: counsel, solicitors, witnesses, the
judge's associate and secretary and other court staff.

As parties have not put this in issue, I will not say anything further on this
save that the role of the court assessor in the present suit is limited to
assisting the court in understanding and analysing the technical aspects of
the parties’ cases. Ultimately, the court bears the responsibility of arriving
at a reasoned outcome on the application of the law as it stands to the facts
of the case.

Further submissions after the trial

110 Following the decision of the Court of Appeal in Element Six, I asked
parties to provide their further submissions on the issue of sufficiency, the
requisite technical background to the present matter in a technical primer
(ie, the Primer) and a summary of their positions on the asserted claims in
the Patents vis-à-vis validity and infringement. These further submissions and
materials, which were confined to evidence already led in the trial, were
placed before the court on 5 May 2023.

Issues to be determined

111 I distil the issues for determination as follows:

(a) Whether the second plaintiff has standing to commence the present
proceedings against the defendant.

(b) Whether the Patents (ie, SG 322 and SG 29P) are valid patents.

(c) Whether the Patents (ie, SG 322 and SG 29P) have been infringed by the
defendant’s registered use of the Alleged Infringing Product pursuant to reg
24(1) of the HPTPR. Alternatively, whether the defendant’s participation in
the tender for the supply of bortezomib to public hospitals in Singapore from
March to November 2020 (ie, GPOR 17519) and the defendant’s award of the
tender to supply 2,183 vials of bortezomib under GPOR 17519 constitute acts
infringing the asserted claims in the Patents.

112 The issue in [111(c)] is assessed in respect of whether the Patents have
been infringed by DRL’s manufacturing process of the Alleged Infringing
Product.

113 For the issue of patent validity, the following sub-issues will be
addressed:

(a) Whether the invention is patentable. In the present case, the following
two requirements are pertinent:

(i) The invention must be new.

(ii) The invention must involve an inventive step.

(b) In respect of SG 322, whether the patent specification discloses the
invention in a manner which is clear and complete for the invention to be
performed by a person skilled in the art.

114 For the issue of patent infringement, I will also consider whether the
plaintiff has successfully invoked s 68 of the Patents Act to reverse the
burden of proof.

My decision

Whether the second plaintiff has standing in the present suit

115 I first address the preliminary question of whether the second plaintiff
has standing in the present suit (see [59]–[61] above). I answer this question
in the negative.

116 The second plaintiff claims to have standing on the basis that it is an
exclusive licensee (pursuant to s 74(1) of the Patents Act). The crux of the
second plaintiff’s case is that it is an exclusive distributor of the Product
in Singapore and that an exclusive distributor falls within the statutory
definition of an “exclusive licensee” in s 2(1) of the Patents Act. In
particular, s 2(1) of the Patents Act states that an exclusive licence means
“a licence from the proprietor of … a patent conferring on the licensee … any
right in respect of the invention to which the patent … relates…” [emphasis
added]. The second plaintiff submits that such a right also encompasses the
right of distribution of a product protected by a process patent. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

PCS at paras 13–16.

In short, the second plaintiff seeks a broad interpretation of the statutory
term “exclusive licensee” and contends that the issue turns on a question of
law rather than fact.

117 Conversely, the defendant argues that the plaintiffs have not adduced
evidence to show that the second plaintiff is the exclusive licence holder of
the Patents. In particular, the plaintiffs’ Ms Ho testified unambiguously
under cross-examination that the second plaintiff is not the exclusive
licensee of the Patents. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at pp 89–93.

The defendant also points to s 41(4) of the Patents Act, which provides that a
licence may be granted under a patent “for working the invention which is the
subject of the patent or the application”.

118 In my judgment, the second plaintiff does not have standing in the present
suit. In coming to this decision, it is not necessary for me to decide on the
issue of whether an exclusive distributor of a patent falls within the meaning
of a statutory exclusive licensee in s 2(1) of the Patents Act. Rather, the
plaintiff’s case on standing fails on the facts.

119 There is simply no evidence before me to show me the scope of the second
plaintiff’s rights in Singapore. The second plaintiff alleges that it holds an
exclusive right to distribute the product produced by the first plaintiff’s
patented process under an exclusive licence conferred upon Janssen Products LP
(“Janssen”) by the first plaintiff. It is alleged that Janssen is the second
plaintiff’s affiliate company. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PCS at para 3.

Early on in the proceedings, in the second plaintiff’s Statement of Claim
dated 26 August 2020, the second plaintiff had pleaded that it “is and was at
all the material times the exclusive licensee of the [first plaintiff] in
respect of the [P]atents and the distribution of bortezomib in Singapore. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

SOC at para 5A.

Similarly, in Ms Ho’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, she states that the
“[second plaintiff] is … the distributor / supplier of the brand-name
bortezomib, Velcade, and is presently the only distributor of bortezomib in
Singapore”. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Ms Ho’s AEIC at para 11.

In the Defence dated 7 July 2021, the defendant put the plaintiffs to strict
proof that the second plaintiff was, indeed, an exclusive licensee. However,
the plaintiffs have not even produced the agreement between Janssen and the
first plaintiff governing the alleged exclusive license (with the alleged
right to sub-license), much less the second plaintiff’s distributorship
agreement(s) with Janssen to discharge their burden of proving the assertion.
This is so, notwithstanding the clear relevance of the distributorship
agreement(s) in the Court’s assessment of whether the second plaintiff was an
exclusive licensee. Therefore, even if I accept the plaintiffs’ interpretation
of s 2(1) of the Patents Act, ie, that an exclusive distributor constitutes a
statutory exclusive licensee, there is no evidence to prove the nature and
content of the rights that Janssen allegedly holds in respect of the Patents
(and therefore the rights it is capable of granting in relation to the
Patent). This in itself is fatal. Moreover, the plaintiffs have not produced
any documentary evidence that the second plaintiff dealt exclusively with the
inventions to which the Patents relate.

120 Grasping at straws, the second plaintiff’s Ms Ho could only refer to a
result from the HSA Information Search of the product “VELCADE 3.5mg FOR
INJECTION”. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Ms Ho’s AEIC at p 128.

However, the information provided by the search result is sparse. It merely
states that the second plaintiff is a “Registrant” of this product, with an
“Approval Date” on 15 March 2005 and that its status remains “Active”. In
effect, it only shows that the second plaintiff is a distributor of the
product. However, it does not reveal what rights of distributorship are
attributed to the second plaintiff, and much less whether these rights would
confer the second plaintiff legal standing as an exclusive licensee. This does
not advance the second plaintiff’s case on its standing.

121 Further, it is significant that Ms Ho agreed that the omission to produce
any documentary evidence meant that the second plaintiff was not an exclusive
licensee of the first plaintiff. Although it is ultimately a question of fact
whether the entity is an exclusive licensee, the answers given by Ms Ho in
cross-examination buttress my conclusion. At the trial, Ms Ho responded in the
following manner: 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 91 ln 8–17.

Q: On that basis, I will restate my proposition. There is no documentary
evidence to show that Johnson & Johnson Pte Ltd is the exclusive licensee.

A: Correct.

Q: In the absence of such evidence, I would suggest to you that Johnson &
Johnson Pte Ltd is, in fact, not the exclusive licensee as asserted?

A: You are right.

Q: It is not the exclusive licensee, yes?

A: You are right.

Following that line of questioning, I queried about the reason for which the
second plaintiff was joined in the present suit; Ms Ho answered that “it was
purely on the basis that [their] business was impacted”. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 131 ln 4–9.

This is plainly insufficient to show that the second plaintiff was an
exclusive licensee.

122 More significantly, the court is not to award damages to an exclusive
licensee or order that it be given an account of profits if the licence is not
registered within the period of six months beginning with its date unless the
court is satisfied that it was not practicable to register the transaction,
instrument or event before the end of that period and that it was registered
as soon as practicable thereafter: s 75 of the Patents Act. The plaintiffs
therefore face yet another hurdle in their position as the second plaintiff
has not been registered as an exclusive licensee. Here, the issue of damages
accruing to the second plaintiff does not arise because their claims are
dismissed for the reasons I set out below (see [204]–[219] and [288]). Even if
the plaintiffs were successful in their claims, the second plaintiff cannot be
awarded damages or granted an order for an account of profits for the alleged
infringement of the Patents as the exclusive licence they assert was not
registered.

Whether SG 322 is valid

Preliminary findings

(1) Person skilled in the art

123 I begin by identifying the reasonable person skilled in the art (“person
skilled in the art”) to whom the Patents are addressed (ie, the notional
person through whose eyes the claims in the Patents should be construed). The
relevant legal principles have been set out above (see [67]–[68]).

124 The plaintiffs submit that the person skilled in the art is one who would
be aware of the state of the art in process chemistry and, in particular, the
synthesis of organic compounds. The skilled person would hold a graduate
degree in chemistry (either a Masters of Science or a Doctor of Philosophy
(“PhD”)) and at least five years of experience in organic synthesis in an
academic laboratory. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 23; Primer at p 6.

The defendant posits that the person skilled in the art would be a person who
is theoretically and technically competent in the design and development of
synthetic procedures for the synthesis and production of drug compounds with a
PhD degree in synthetic organic chemistry and having at least five years of
laboratory experience in synthesis of organic compounds or a person who has a
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in synthetic organic chemistry with at least 10
years of laboratory experience in synthesis of organic compounds. Although
there are some differences between the identity of the notional person skilled
in the art put forth by the parties, the core qualities of the person skilled
in the art include knowledge of process chemistry (in particular, in the
synthesis of organic compounds) and at least five years of laboratory
experience and a graduate degree in the field. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Parties’ List of Issues at p 1.

It suffices to proceed on this basis.

125 In this connection, I observe that parties have not made any challenge as
to the lack of qualifications or partiality against the other party’s expert
and the court assessor, Prof Sharratt. The more crucial point is that the
parties diverge on the common general knowledge purportedly held by the person
skilled in the art. I address this in the next section.

(2) Common general knowledge

126 I have set out the definition of common general knowledge (see [68]
above). There is some consensus between the parties as to what constitutes the
common general knowledge purportedly held by the person skilled in the art.
According to the parties, the common general knowledge would include first-
hand experience in the performance of literature search, the planning and
execution of multistep synthetic reaction sequences, the purification and
characterisation of products in a laboratory setting, as well as knowledge of
the issues involved in the synthesis of products at a medium-to-large scale.
160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Primer at p 6.

The notional person skilled in the art (see [67] above) would also be aware of
the literature in standard textbooks relating to organic chemistry. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Primer at p 6.

Parties’ experts agree that the person skilled in the art would have the
necessary common general knowledge of synthesising bortezomib and related
organic compounds. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

AEIC of Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at para 23 and Prof Chiba’s Reply
Report at para 4.

127 Where the parties are not in agreement on whether the material forms part
of the common general knowledge, the following summarises the parties’
positions on what it considers form part of common general knowledge:

(a) The defendant claims the following to form part of the common general
knowledge:

(i) The use of zinc chloride as a Lewis acid, often under anhydrous
conditions. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

AEIC of Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at paras 88 and 94.

(ii) The conduct of experiments relating to organometallic compounds (which
are highly reactive) at cold temperature (-100 to -78C) and to then warm the
reaction up to various warmer temperature ranges to ensure selectivity
(enantiomeric or diastereoselective) and/or control exothermic reactions. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

AEIC of Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at para 112.

(b) The plaintiffs claim the following forms part of the common general
knowledge:

(i) The issues relating to scalability. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Prof Chiba’s Reply Expert Report at para 4.

(ii) The particular issues involved in the synthesis of products at a medium-
to-large scale. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at paras 23–24; Prof Chiba’s Reply Expert
Report at para 4.

(iii) Epimerisation is caused by even trace quantities of water as well as
excess zinc chloride. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

PCS at para 119(b).

128 At this juncture, I pause to make the observation that parties’ cases on
common general knowledge appear to be inconsistent. The common general
knowledge outlined by Prof Chiba in his reports has been broadly stated with
only a few specific areas falling within its specified scope. However, the
plaintiffs’ position on common general knowledge in the Primer includes all
the literature and prior filed patents relied on by the defendant to dispute
the validity of the Patents. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Primer at pp 6 to 9.

Yet in the Primer the plaintiffs also take the view that the literature and
prior patents relied on by the defendant to dispute validity do not form part
of the state of the art in the novelty inquiry and the obviousness inquiry.

129 In my judgment, the position taken by the plaintiffs is untenable. The
plaintiffs acknowledge that the materials form part of the common general
knowledge, but contend that they do not form part of the state of the art in
the novelty inquiry and the obviousness inquiry. Their position sits
uncomfortably because the state of the art has a broad reach, extending to any
information that has been publicly disclosed (see [73] above). The defendant
has similarly adopted a broad position in its expert reports by Dr Johannes,
and only takes a more granular approach to the matters forming part of common
general knowledge in the Primer.

130 For the present purposes of setting out the relevant common general
knowledge, I default to the broad definitions of common general knowledge
provided by the parties’ experts at [126] above. This includes also the
specific literature and prior patents listed in the Primer at [24]–[58] and
[104] above. On this basis, it is not meaningful for the plaintiffs’ expert to
contend that the literature and prior patents listed in the Primer form part
of common general knowledge but do not fall within the state of the art for
the novelty inquiry and the obviousness inquiry.

Salient features of SG 322

131 SG 322 relates to the method of making a boronic acid ester of compound
Formula (I) and its use in the preparation of bortezomib. It seeks to overcome
and solve the known problem of epimerisation (see [45]–[46] above). SG 322
teaches the use of an ether solvent that has low miscibility with water, such
as methyl tert-butyl ether (ie, MTBE). Miscibility is the property of two
substances to mix in all proportions (that is, to fully dissolve in each other
at any concentration), forming a homogeneous mixture (a solution). The
plaintiffs are asserting claims 1–7, 9–17, 20–26, 28, 30–35, 38, 41–46, 48 and
52 of SG 322 as being infringed. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at paras 66–69.

132 The diagram below depicts the improved Matteson homologation process
taught under SG 322 (see [133]). 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 37.

Based on the teaching of SG 322, the first plaintiff performs the first step
of the reaction (formation of “ate” complex I) in a coordinating ether solvent
that has low miscibility with water (ie, MTBE). This solvent, when compared by
volume, is the major constituent of the reaction mixture (at least 70% volume
per volume (“v/v”)); and the water miscible ether solvent is either completely
eliminated or used in a low volume (less than 20% v/v). This ensures that the
first intermediate (ie, the boron “ate” complex) remained in the organic layer
that had a majority of an ether solvent with low miscibility with water. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 37.

133 Subsequently, at the second step involving the addition of the Lewis acid
catalyst (ie, zinc chloride), the molecular re-arrangement occurs in the MTBE
layer and the by-product lithium chloride is unable to significantly ionise
(owing to the absence of water). Although THF is used as a solvent for zinc
chloride to transfer it to the reaction mixture during the second step (also
the contacting step), the use of MTBE in the first step as constituting the
majority of the reaction mixture renders the amount of THF introduced in the
second step incapable of effecting significant epimerisation. This reduces, or
eliminates entirely, the epimerisation. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at paras 37–38.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 6: Diagrammatic representation of the improved Matteson homologation
process

Patent specification of SG 322

134 Paragraph [001] of SG 322’s specification states that the “invention
relates to the synthesis of boronic ester and acid compounds”. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

ABOD Vol 1 at p 12.

In particular, it states that the invention relates to “large-scale synthetic
processes for the preparation of boronic ester and acid compounds by Lewis
acid promoted rearrangement of boron “ate” complexes”.

135 As part of the “Background of the Invention”, paragraph [007] states that
US 309 describes an improved procedure for the homologation of boronic esters
by rearrangement of the intermediate boron “ate” complex in the presence of a
Lewis acid catalyst. Paragraph [007] describes US 309 as reporting the use of
the Lewis acid to promote the rearrangement reaction and to minimise
epimerisation at the alpha-carbon atom. It is also noted that US 309 recorded
that “[r]igorous exclusion of water and careful control of Lewis acid
stoichiometry are required for optimum results”. However, SG 322 claims that
“[t]hese features [in US 309] render the reaction difficult to perform
successfully on a production scale”, and limit the availability of
pharmaceutically important boronic ester and acid compounds, such as
bortezomib. There was consequently “a need in the art for improved methods for
the large-scale production of boronic ester and acid compounds”.

136 Paragraph [008] states that the invention provides “improved synthetic
processes for the large-scale production of boronic ester and acid compounds”,
which “offer increased yield and purity, increased throughput, and greater
ease of handling as compared to prior art methods”. Specifically, regardless
of the scale of production, the products (such as chiral boronic ester and
acid compounds including alpha-aminoboronic ester and acid compounds) are
produced with “very high chemical and stereochemical purity”.

137 Paragraph [025] describes the core inventive concept of SG 322 – that “the
requirement for scrupulously dry equipment, solvents, and reagents that
characterized previously described procedures for the Lewis acid promoted
rearrangement of boron “ate” complexes can be obviated by use of an ether
solvent that has low miscibility with water”. [emphasis added] By contrast, as
paragraph [028] states, previously reported processes for Lewis acid-promoted
rearrangement of boron “ate” complexes employed THF, which is an ether solvent
that is fully miscible with water – the limitation was therefore that a
“failure to employ rigorously dried equipment, solvents and reagents … results
in a dramatic reduction in the diastereomeric ratio” and rendered it costly
and difficult to scale. Thus, as paragraph [029] outlines, SG 322 seeks to
resolve the epimerisation at the alpha-carbon centre from the exposure of
alpha-haloboronic ester products to free halide ion (as reported in Matteson
and Erdik). As epimerisation is thought to occur during concentration of the
reaction mixture, SG 322 “remove[s] the [THF] and exchange[s] it for a water-
immiscible solvent” per paragraph [029].

138 The specific requirements of the ether solvent (see [137] above) are as
follows:

(a) Preferably, the solubility of water in the ether solvent is less than
about 5% w/w, and more preferably less than about 2% w/w. In various
embodiments, ether solvent that has low miscibility with water constitutes at
least about 70%, 80%, 85%, 90%, or 95% v/v of the reaction mixture (paragraph
[030]).

(b) The ether solvent preferably is one that is suitable for routine use in
large-scale production. The term “large-scale” refers to a reaction that
utilises at least about five moles of at least one starting material.
Preferably, a large-scale process utilises at least about 10, 20, 50, or 100
moles of at least one starting material (paragraph [031]).

(c) For purposes of the invention, the term “ether” refers to any of a class
of chemical compounds characterised in having an oxygen atom attached to two
carbon atoms. An “ether solvent” is an ether compound that exists in liquid
form at the desired reaction temperature and is capable of dissolving the
starting material(s) and/ or product(s) of the reaction. Non-limiting examples
of ether solvents suitable for use in the process of the invention include
MTBE (paragraph [032]).

(d) In one embodiment, the reaction mixture further comprises a coordinating
co-solvent or a coordinating solvent, which refers to “a solvent that is
capable of coordinating the Lewis acid and solvating the ionic components of
the reaction” (paragraph [033]).

(e) In some embodiments, the reaction mixture comprises at least about 5% or
10% v/v of a coordinating co-solvent (paragraph [034]).

Claim construction of claim 1 in SG 322

139 Claim 1 claims a process for preparing a boronic ester compound of Formula
(I) comprising: (a) the provision of at least five moles of a boron “ate”
complex of Formula (II); and (b) “contacting the boron “ate” complex of
Formula (II) with a Lewis acid under conditions that afford the boronic ester
compound of Formula (I)” (the “Contacting Step”). The crux of claim 1 is that
it teaches the composition of the reaction mixture in which the Contacting
Step is carried out. Claim 1(b) states that such a reaction mixture comprises:

(i) a coordinating ether solvent that has low miscibility with water; or

(ii) an ether solvent that has low miscibility with water and a coordinating
co-solvent provided that the coordinating co-solvent constitutes no more than
20% v/v of the reaction mixture;

Wherein the solubility of water in the ether solvent of (i) or (ii) that has
low miscibility with water is less than 5% w/w; and wherein the ether solvent
of (i) or (ii) that has low miscibility with water constitutes at least 70%
v/v of the reaction mixture.

140 The general definition of “ether solvent” within SG 322 is set out at
[138(c)] above. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Paragraph [032] of SG 322; ABOD Vol 1 at p 20.

In claim 1(b)(i), the ether solvent that has low miscibility with water is
sufficiently coordinating that a coordinating co-solvent is not necessary. In
claim 1(b)(ii), the reaction mixture further comprises a coordinating co-
solvent. A “coordinating co-solvent” or “coordinating solvent” are
interchangeable terms referring to a solvent that is capable of coordinating
the Lewis acid and solvating the ionic components of the reaction. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Paragraph [033] of SG 322; ABOD Vol 1 at p 20.

On either one of the taught compositions of the reaction mixture, the
solubility of water of the ether solvent with low miscibility with water is
less than 5% w/w and the ether solvent constitutes at least 70% v/v of the
reaction mixture.

Novelty requirement: whether claim 1 in SG 322 is novel

141 As the defendant’s case on novelty rests on claim 1 of SG 322 (with the
other asserted claims contingent on claim 1), 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

DCS at para 240.

I deal only with the arguments and evidence raised in respect of claim 1.

(1) State of the art

142 I begin first by identifying the state of the art relevant to the novelty
requirement on the priority date of SG 322.

143 Parties are sharply divided on what constitutes the relevant state of the
art for SG 322. The plaintiffs deny the relevance of the following materials
listed below and take the position that they do not form the state of the art
in relation to the large-scale manufacture of bortezomib:

(a) US 309 discloses the use of a suitable solvent medium for the Matteson
homologation protocol, such as THF, diethyl ether, petroleum ether “or the
like”, for the preparation of the compound of Formula (I). 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at para 22.

US 309 was first filed on 25 June 1985, and it was available to the public
before the priority date of SG 322 on 24 March 2005. The plaintiffs claim that
US 309 is not relevant as the disclosure of borate complexes in US 309 does
not anticipate the use of an ether solvent of low miscibility with water. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Prof Chiba’s Expert Reply Report dated 13 September 2021 at para 31.

The defendant contends that US 309 forms part of the state of the art and
notes that the patent itself states that it teaches an improved form of
Matteson homologation. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

DRS at para 54.

The defendant argues that the teachings disclosed in US 309 would enable the
person skilled in the art to deduce that other water-immiscible ether
solvents, such as MTBE, may be used as alternative solvents in the process.
180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Primer at p 13.

Therefore, according to the defendant, claim 1 of SG 322 would not satisfy the
novelty requirement. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

DRS at para 54.

Conversely, the plaintiffs aver that US 309 only teaches the Matteson
homologation reaction, whereas the teaching in claim 1 of SG 322 seeks to
improve the Matteson homologation process. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

1AB at p 13.

(b) WO 266 dated 9 May 1996 is the international patent disclosing bortezomib
(see [5] above). 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Primer at p 2.

The defendant uses WO 266 as evidence that all the elements in claim 1 for the
synthesis of bortezomib are known. The reagents/reactants employed to make
bortezomib, the reaction process (the Matteson homologation process) and the
end product (ie, bortezomib) are disclosed. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

DCS at para 226; Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at paras

The plaintiffs have not addressed whether WO 266 anticipates the inventive
concept of claim 1 of SG 322 in their written submissions. For completeness, I
consider also the evidence led by the plaintiffs on this. In Prof Chiba’s
First Expert Report, whether WO 266 anticipates claim 1 of SG 322 is also not
addressed.

(c) US 454 dated 14 July 1998 is the US patent disclosing bortezomib (see [5]
above). It belongs to the same patent family as WO 266. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Primer at pp 2 and 34.

The arguments made by the defendant in respect of US 454 are the same as WO
266 (see [(b)] above). 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

DCS at paras 226 and 227.

144 I disagree with the plaintiffs that the materials referred to by the
defendant (see [143] above) in challenging the validity of SG 322 do not form
part of the state of the art for the novelty requirement. In this connection,
as I considered above at [128], the plaintiffs take an unworkable position in
respect of common general knowledge and the state of the art. If it were the
case that the plaintiffs have conceded that the literature and prior patents
stated in the Primer formed part of the common general knowledge, it cannot be
that the literature and prior patents do not form part of the prior art
relevant to novelty. Given the broader parameters of what the state of the art
constitutes (ie, all uses or disclosures that were made available to the
public at the priority date are to be treated as relevant prior art), the
materials which form part of the common general knowledge must necessarily
form part of the state of the art.

145 The only argument, in substance, raised by the plaintiffs in refutation of
the materials forming part of the state of the art is that they lacked
relevance to the “large-scale production of bortezomib”. This is misguided. In
my view, the plaintiffs’ submission is contrivedly narrow – the materials are
relevant and form part of the state of the art at the priority date of SG 322
because they pertain to the manufacture of bortezomib and its analogous
compounds, and the reported limitations based on the experimental processes
described. This should also be seen in light of the plaintiffs’ position in
the Primer that the pieces of literature form part of the common general
knowledge for the novelty requirement for claims in SG 322. More crucially, SG
322’s specification itself contains reference to, inter alia, WO 266, US 454
and US 309. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

ABOD Vol 1 at pp 13 and 19.

Thus, the materials relied on by the defendant as forming part of the state of
the art for the assessment of novelty of SG 322 (at [143] above) must be
included as prior art relevant to the inquiry.

146 In any event, flowing from my analysis below at [147]–[159], while the
relevant literature and prior patents form part of the state of the art
relevant to the novelty inquiry for SG 322, they do not anticipate the claimed
invention in the asserted claims of SG 322.

(2) Whether claim 1 is anticipated by the state of the art

147 Before I proceed with my assessment of whether the prior art anticipates
claim 1 of SG 322, I summarise briefly the parties’ positions on this. The
plaintiffs assert that there is no prior art that discloses all of the
inventive concept of SG 322. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

PCS at para 112.

Further, the plaintiffs submit that the novelty of SG 322 ought to be assessed
with reference to the “core inventive concept” which is the use of an ether
solvent of low miscibility with water, and in which water’s solubility is less
than 5% w/w, at a proportion of at least 70% of the reaction mixture. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

PCS at para 113.

The defendant on the other hand argues that US 309, WO 266 and US 454
anticipate claim 1 of SG 322. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

DCS at paras 225 and 228; Primer.

148 I proceed to examine whether any of the individual matter in the state of
the art anticipated the claimed invention in claim 1 of SG 322 for the novelty
requirement, before turning to the inventive step requirement. If claim 1 is
found to be valid, then the rest of the asserted claims in SG 322 are valid as
well. This is on the basis that the parties’ cases on the validity of SG 322
(in respect of novelty and inventive step) is that the remaining claims in SG
322 are premised on the claimed invention in claim 1, which is “the use of an
ether solvent of low miscibility with water”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

PCS at paras 113–114; DCS at paras 231 and 240.

(A) Claim 1

(I) WO 266 and US 454

149 The defendant submits that WO 266 discloses all the elements in claim 1
for the synthesis of bortezomib. These elements include the reagents utilised
in the manufacture of bortezomib and the Matteson homologation process. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

DCS at para 226.

It acknowledges, however, that the use of an ether solvent with low
miscibility with water in the Matteson homologation process is not taught in
WO 266. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

DCS at para 227.

The defendant makes the same argument for US 454. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

DCS at paras 226–227.

The plaintiffs have not responded to this argument in their submissions.

150 In my view, however, WO 266 and US 454, which are product patents for
bortezomib, did not disclose any information which would enable the person
skilled in the art to derive from them individually the use of an ether
solvent of low miscibility with water, or the use of an ether solvent of low
miscibility with water and a coordinating solvent in the proportions taught in
claim 1. Indeed, the defendant concedes that the use of an ether solvent which
has low miscibility with water is not taught by either WO 266 or US 454.
Anticipation by WO 266 and US 454 of claim 1 of SG 322 requires enabling
disclosure, in that the person skilled in the art may arrive at the claimed
invention in claim 1 from the information disclosed in WO 266 and US 454
individually. I therefore conclude that WO 266 and US 454 do not anticipate
claim 1 of SG 322.

(II) US 309

151 The defendant also relies on US 309 to show that it concerns an improved
form of Matteson homologation and that it teaches that “among the solvents
that have been found to be useful are included … [THF] … and the like”, which
anticipates claim 1 of SG 322. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

DCS at paras 228–229.

152 US 309, first filed on 25 June 1985, describes an improved procedure for
the homologation of boronic esters by the rearrangement of the intermediate
boron “ate” complex in the presence of a Lewis acid catalyst. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

DBOD at Tab 9, p 84.

US 309 discloses the use of both water miscible ether solvents such as THF and
water immiscible ether solvents such as diethyl ether or petroleum ether “and
the like” for the Matteson reaction. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

DBOD at p 92.

As part of the “Description of the Invention”, US 309 states: 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

DBOD at p 92.

The process for preparing boronic esters, especially the α-halo boronic
esters, in accordance with the present invention involves the use of a Lewis
acid catalyst in the conversion of boronate complexes of the general structure
(I) to boronic esters of the general structure (II) in accordance with the
following equation:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

where each of the R1, R4 and R5, independently, is a substituted or
unsubstituted aliphatic or aromatic group, including but not limited to,
primary, secondary, tertiary alkyl groups, vinylic groups, allylic groups,
benzylic groups and the like. The functional substituents, if present, may
comprise any substituent that will allow the formation of (II), for example
alkoxide, ether, ketal, or ester group, so long as the functional substituent
does not react faster than the boronic ester group with CHX2-; in the above
formula, X is a nucleofugic group (a group subject to nucleophilic
displacement, such as a halide ion, and particularly chloride or bromide); R2
is H, a lower alkyl or X; R3 is X or R1 as defined above; and R4 and R5 may be
the same or different and may be directly linked so that the boronic ester is
cyclic. The groups R4 and R5, or the linked group R4-R5 preferably comprise a
chiral group.

The conversion of [compound of formula] (I) to [compound of formula] (II) may
be carried out at about room temperature (about 20̊ – 30̊C in a suitable
solvent medium. Among the solvents that have been found to be useful are
included diethyl ether, tetrahydrofuran, petroleum ether, and the like.

…

[emphasis added]

US 309 records a substantial improvement over the process, which is shown by
the data on yields and diastereoselectivities as follows: 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

DBOD at p 83: US 309 at 8.

TABLE 1Yields and Diastereoselectivities in Homologation of (+)-pinaediol
boronic esters  
---  
R1 of (IX) and (XII)| Catalyst| % Yield of (XII)| % Diasteroselectivity|
Analysis  
…| …| …| …| …  
(CH3)2CHCH2| ZnCl2| 89| 99.5| B  
…| …| …| …| …  
CbH5CH2| ZnCl2| 99| 99.5| B  
  
153 The defendant submits that the phrase “and the like” in US 309 teaches
that similar kinds of ether solvents can be used. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Primer at p 13.

It contends that there is no doubt that THF and MTBE are substitutable
solvents and Dr Johannes avers that the person skilled in the art would
consider other solvents that are suitable candidates that can be used in the
synthesis of bortezomib. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

DCS at para 233.

Further, there was enabling disclosure of diethyl ether, which is a water
immiscible ether solvent, which in the defendant’s submission leaves no doubt
that other water immiscible ether solvents like MTBE may be used as an
alternate solvent. Dr Johannes opines that the use of the ether solvent that
has low miscibility with water (or the mixture of the ether solvent that has
low miscibility with water and an ether solvent that “has miscibility with
water” [ie, with higher miscibility with water]) was “well known”. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at para 23.

In this regard, he avers that the prior art achieved desired yield and purity
by using the Matteson homologation protocol. US 309 discloses the use of a
suitable solvent medium for the Matteson homologation protocol including THF,
diethyl ether, petroleum ether, “or the like”. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at para 22.

154 According to Prof Chiba, however, claim 1 is the process for preparing a
boronic ester compound of Formula (I) by employing the “improved” Matteson
homologation protocol for the large-scale synthesis of bortezomib. The use of
an ether solvent that has low miscibility with water (ie, MTBE) as a major
component of the reaction mixture during formation of the “ate” complex II
(ie, the first intermediate) fulfils the novelty requirement as this is an
improvement to the Matteson homologation protocol. This allows the use of
moist zinc chloride as a Lewis acid during the Contacting Step without
significant epimerisation, which reduces the creation of undesirable compounds
that reduce product purity. Prof Chiba therefore concludes that the claimed
invention provides an effective process for synthesising the compound of
Formula (I). On this claimed invention, Prof Chiba avers that the process
ultimately generates products of desired chemical and stereochemical purity,
even on a large-scale production – claim 1 is therefore novel.

155 In my view, the prior disclosure of the use of diethyl ether or petroleum
ether (which are ether solvents that have low miscibility in water) does not
fully anticipate claim 1 of SG 322. The teachings disclosed in US 309 in
respect of the use of specific ether solvents with low miscibility with water,
namely, diethyl ether and petroleum ether, do not enable the person skilled in
the art to distil from it the use of a mixture of an ether solvent with low
miscibility with water and a coordinating co-solvent in the proportions taught
in claim 1 that would maintain the reaction yield even with the presence of
high levels of moisture. However, the teaching in US 309 of the use of ether
solvents with low miscibility with water as a coordinating solvent serves as
enabling disclosure for the person skilled in the art to arrive at the claimed
invention in claim 1(b)(i). Indeed, Prof Chiba acknowledged under cross-
examination that the phrase “and the like” in US 309 refers to “other ether
solvent(s)”. The pertinent portion of his evidence is reproduced below: 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Transcript (19 October 2021) at p 128 ln 14 to p 129 ln 16.

Q: All right. So what does the phrase "and the like" at line 49 mean? What
would it include?

… You have: "... diethyl ether, tetrahydrofuran, petroleum ether, and the
like." What does "and the like" mean?

A: I assume other ether solvent.

Q: Other ether solvents, right. And MTBE is an ether solvent, right?

A: Yes.

Q: So it would include MTBE, right, although MTBE is not named here?

A: Yes, can be considered as one of the ether solvents.

Q: Let me pause there. Based upon the 309 patent, based upon the disclosure
and the teaching in column 5, line 45 to line 50, I would put to you that the
skilled person would consider that MTBE would be amongst the class of solvents
that could be used, suitable solvents?

A: Yes, in conditional, you know, in the some condition [sic], starting
condition, that is, you know, if the reaction is conducted under anhydrous
reaction conditions.

Prof Chiba agrees that the reference to “and the like” in US 309 included
ether solvents with low miscibility in water, such as MTBE. This is the
teaching in claim 1(b)(i) of SG 322. US 309 has therefore clearly anticipated
the use of an ether solvent with low miscibility in water in the reaction
taught. In this regard, it is apparent that US 309 anticipates claim 1(b)(i)
of SG 322.

156 The plaintiffs’ objection against Dr Johannes’ argument that the patent is
invalid through the use of MTBE not being novel is that it does not appreciate
the actual mechanism behind the invention of SG 322. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

PRS at para 26.

SG 322 teaches the use of solvents in certain proportions in the reaction
mixture that maintains reaction yield even if there are high levels of
moisture in the system. I observe that Dr Johannes characterises claim 1 of SG
322 as teaching a choice of a solvent that works for the reaction rather than
teaching a method of utilising a solvent in specific proportions (at least 70%
v/v of the reaction mixture) to cope with high moisture levels in the system.
206

##### Foot Note 206

×

Questions to Court Assessor at p 14.

The latter formulation more accurately depicts the teaching in claim 1(b) of
SG 322. Dr Johannes’ criticism on the lack of novelty of claim 1 of SG 322 is
therefore limited to claim 1(b)(i). US 309 teaches the use of ether solvents
with low water miscibility and the person skilled in the art may extrapolate
that an ether solvent with low water miscibility would be suitable as a
coordinating solvent with reasonable yield.

157 That being said, however, claim 1(b)(ii) teaches the use of a mixture of
(a) an ether solvent that has low miscibility with water and (b) a
coordinating co-solvent provided that the ether solvent that has low
miscibility with water constitutes at least 70% v/v of the reaction mixture. I
agree with the plaintiffs’ argument on novelty with respect to claim 1(b)(ii)
vis-à-vis US 309. Based on the patent description at paragraph [033], SG 322
highlights that the performance of MTBE leaves room for improvement and that
“[h]indered ether solvents, such as [MTBE], are poorly co-ordinating and
preferably are used with a coordinating co-solvent”. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

ABOD Vol 1 at p 20.

Claim 1(b)(ii) introduced the use of a “coordinating co-solvent” to the
reaction mixture in order to resolve the poorly coordinating nature of MTBE on
its own.

158 In my view, US 309 itself does not teach the use of the mixture identified
in claim 1(b)(ii), much less explain the rationale for the introduction of
such a mixture. That much is clear on the face of the patent specification and
the claims of US 309. It does not suffice that US 309 is “merely close or
similar” to the teachings of SG 322 – there is still a gap in that the use of
a mix of an ether solvent with low miscibility with water and a coordinating
co-solvent would not result from the person skilled in the art following the
directions of the teachings of US 309 as it does not teach the use of an ether
solvent of low miscibility with water with another coordinating co-solvent in
the proportions taught in claim 1. Thus, US 309 does not anticipate claim
1(b)(ii).

159 Claim 1(b)(ii) is therefore not anticipated by prior art. As I have
analysed above at [155], however, claim 1(b)(i) is anticipated by US 309.

Inventiveness requirement: whether claim 1 meets the obviousness requirement

160 Turning to the inventiveness of SG 322, the defendant submits that THF and
MTBE are substitutable Lewis basic solvents which may be used in the synthesis
of bortezomib. It contends that the difference in US 309 and SG 322 is that
MTBE is not directly mentioned in US 309, but the use of water-immiscible MTBE
in place of water-miscible THF is obvious. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

DCS at paras 233–239.

(1) State of the art

161 For the obviousness inquiry, the defendant relies mainly on US 309. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

DCS at paras 233–234.

It also refers to WO 266 and US 454. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

DCS at para 239.

I have accepted above at [143] and [144] that these patents form part of the
state of the art for novelty. As US 309 was published earlier than the
priority date of the invention in SG 322, it also forms part of the state of
the art for obviousness (see [79] above).

(2) Whether the state of the art renders claim 1 obvious

162 As the defendant’s case on obviousness rests on claim 1 of SG 322 (with
the other asserted claims contingent on claim 1), 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

DCS at para 240.

I deal only with the arguments and evidence raised in respect of claim 1. I
will consider whether the prior art the defendant relies on at [161] above
renders claim 1 of SG 322 obvious.

(A) Claim 1

163 The plaintiffs contend that claim 1 of SG 322 frames the epimerisation
problem differently from US 309. US 309 frames the problem in terms of the
amount of zinc chloride utilised in the reaction. They therefore argue that
the inventive concept in claim 1 of SG 322 is not obvious. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

PCS at para 127.

The plaintiffs also allege that although US 309 reveals the use of an ether
solvent of low miscibility with water, it does not describe any particular
conditions for the reaction. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Scott Schedule at p 4.

For SG 322, however, the plaintiffs state that the step at which the boron
“ate” complex contacts the Lewis acid in the “improved” Matteson homologation
protocol has to occur under very specific conditions to avoid affecting the
purity of the product due to epimerisation. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

Ibid.

164 In my view, claim 1 of SG 322 is non-obvious in so far as it pertains to
claim 1(b)(ii). As I alluded to above, Claim 1(b)(i) teaches the use of a
coordinating ether solvent that has low miscibility with water (for eg, MTBE)
while claim 1(b)(ii) teaches the use of an ether solvent that has low
miscibility with water and a coordinating co-solvent, wherein the ether
solvent constitutes at least 70% v/v of the reaction mixture (see Annex 1).

165 I agree with Prof Chiba that US 309 does not disclose the core inventive
concept taught by claim 1 of SG 322.

166 On the one hand, the use of a single water-immiscible ether solvent (ie,
MTBE) instead of THF is an obvious thing to try given that THF belongs to the
same family of solvents (ie, it is an ether solvent). The person skilled in
the art would have a fair expectation of success with the use of an ether
solvent with low miscibility with water as a solvent in the synthesis of
bortezomib. He would also have been aware of the need to reduce moisture-
levels in the reaction based on prior literature indicating the higher levels
of epimerisation with the presence of moisture and thus the choice of a
solvent with low water-miscibility would have been a sensible option. Taken
together with the prior art of US 309 that identifies a range of both water-
miscible and water-immiscible solvents which serve their purpose in other
Matteson homologation reactions, and the mention of “diethyl ether, petroleum
ether, or the like”, the person skilled in the art was more than likely to
consider MTBE as a possible solvent. This would amount to a substantial inroad
to the inventiveness of claim 1(b)(i), which describes only the use of an
ether solvent with low miscibility with water.

167 That being said, there is nothing in US 309 that would allow the diligent
person skilled in the art with the common general knowledge of the time to
consider the mixture of an ether solvent with low miscibility with water and a
coordinating solvent, in the proportions as outlined in claim 1(b)(ii).

168 Finally, I deal with the defendant’s submission that if claim 1(b)(i)
lacks novelty and/or inventive step then the entire of claim 1 is invalid
because the core inventive concept is the use of a water-immiscible ether
solvent. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

DRS at paras 56 and 60.

This is a question of claim construction. Given that the use of an ether
solvent of low miscibility with water is linked by the conjunction “or” to the
mixture of an ether solvent with low miscibility with water and a coordinating
solvent, the plain meaning of the words conveys that the two are disjunctive
and teach a method that may be utilised independent of the other. It is
incorrect to say that claim 1 only teaches the use of an ether solvent with
low miscibility with water as it is apparent on the face of the text of claim
1 that the mixture of an ether solvent with low miscibility with water and a
coordinating solvent in the proportions of claim 1 is presented as a distinct
reaction mixture in which the promoted Lewis acid rearrangement may occur.

169 I therefore find claim 1 of SG 322 valid. Having found claim 1(b)(ii) to
be novel and non-obvious, the other asserted claims contingent on claim
1(b)(ii) are found to be novel and non-obvious as well. Based on my discussion
above at [155] and [166], I find that claim 1(b)(i) lacks novelty and
inventive step.

Sufficiency requirement: whether claim 12 sufficiently discloses the invention

170 I begin by summarising the parties’ respective cases on the alleged
insufficiency in claim 12 of SG 322.

171 The defendant argues that there is a clear and obvious error in Claim 12
of SG 322 which renders it ambiguous, and the first plaintiff ought to have
rectified it as soon as it became aware of the error and “in any event, before
[the] trial”. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

DCS at paras 241–246.

The defendant contends that there is a manifest error in claim 12 that gives
rise to insufficiency in two ways: 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 5 May 2023 at para 23.

(a) The manifest error in claim 12 ipso facto renders claim 12 invalid because
it refers to a non–existent claim 7(d). The language of claim 12 is clear and
unambiguous, and the patentee could have applied to correct that error but did
not do so.

(b) The uncorrected error gives rise to uncertainty and consequently, claim 12
(and its dependent claims 13 to 19) are liable to be invalidated for
insufficiency.

172 The plaintiffs instead submit that it is an obvious error that could be
readily corrected by the person skilled in the art when in the process of
making the invention. They rely on the High Court’s holding in Ng Kok Cheng
that an error in the specification would not render the patent invalid
provided it is an error that a person skilled in the art can at once observe
and correct (at [87] and [91]). The reference to “claim 7(d)” in claim 12 is
an obvious typographical error for which the person skilled in the art would
not have difficulty identifying the correction. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 5 May 2023 at para 29.

The plaintiffs argue that there can be no confusion that the reference to
claim 7(d) was instead meant to be to claim 11(d) for the following reasons:
(a) there is no claim 7(d) in SG 322; (b) in the claims preceding claim 12 in
SG 322, reference to groups R4 and R5 is only made in claims 1 and 11; and (c)
in the claims preceding claim 12 in SG 322, only claim 11 has a sub-paragraph
(d). 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

Prof Chiba’s Second Supplementary Report dated 19 Oct 2021 at p 14.

173 As a preliminary issue as to the scope of the sufficiency argument, I
agree with the plaintiffs’ objection that the dependent claims 15 to 19 ought
to be excluded from the assessment as they were not put in issue in the
defendant’s Particulars of Objection. Although the defendant has indicated in
its further submissions dated 5 May 2023 that it would be applying to amend
the Particulars of Objection to include claims 15 to 19 in the challenges on
insufficiency, 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 5 May 2023 at paras 24 and 25.

it has not done so till date. This suffices to remove claims 15 to 19 from the
assessment of sufficiency.

174 I turn to the substance of the sufficiency argument. Claim 12 is
reproduced below:

The process of claim 7(d), wherein R4 and R5 together are a chiral moiety.

175 In Ng Kok Cheng, the court held that for there to be enabling disclosure,
it was sufficient that a person skilled in the art would find the wording of
the specification sufficient to enable him to make the invention, even if the
specification did not state every single step that had to be followed in order
to make the invention (at [49]). This did not require absolute clarity and
completeness (Ng Kok Cheng at [49]). The court also accepted that the error
could be readily corrected by the person skilled in the art when in the
process of making the invention (Ng Kok Cheng at [91]).

176 In the present case, it is apparent on the face of SG 322 that the
reference to “claim 7(d)” in claim 12 is an error that may be corrected by the
person skilled in the art with reference to SG 322 as a whole, enabling him to
perform the invention without an undue burden with reference to “claim 11(d)”.
Claim 11 is reproduced below for discussion:

The process of claim 1, wherein

(a) Y is a halogen (for example chloro); and/ or

(b) R1 is C1-8 aliphatic, C6-10 aryl, or (C6-10 aryl)(C1-6 aliphatic); and/or

(c) M+ is selected from the group consisting of Li+, Na+, and K+; and/ or

(d) R4 and R5, taken together with the intervening oxygen and boron atoms,
form an optionally substituted 5- membered ring.

This is because only claim 11 contains reference to groups R4 and R5 and
includes a sub-paragraph (d) in the claims preceding claim 12. Although the
defendant makes much of its characterisation that the person skilled in the
art would need to engage in guesswork and speculation to arrive at the
reference to claim 11(d) from the error in claim 12, 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

Defendant’s closing submissions dated 5 May 2023 at para 20.

I disagree with the defendant’s argument on this. I note also that no evidence
was provided by Dr Johannes on this point. As the Court of Appeal held in
Element Six, the test for whether there was sufficient clarity is whether the
person skilled in the art is left unclear as to how to determine whether a
particular process remains within the scope of the claim even after drawing
upon his common general knowledge or applying the typical claim construction
process (at [131]). With the present claim 12, the application of the typical
claim construction process (see [65] above) which involves reference to the
rest of SG 322, assists the person skilled in the art to arrive at the
conclusion that claim 12 must have referred to claim 11(d). There is otherwise
no claim 7(d), and the reference to the chiral moiety of both R4 and R5 is to
be found in claim 11(d). It would have been clear to a person skilled in the
art to arrive at this conclusion by situating claim 12 in relation to claim
11(d) of SG 322 in his exercise of the purposive interpretation of the claim.

177 I therefore find that claim 12 (and the dependent claims 13 to 14) is not
invalid for lack of sufficiency.

Whether SG 29P is valid

178 To recapitulate, the asserted claims in SG 29P are claims 1, 2–4 and 6
where claim 1 is the sole independent claim.

179 The plaintiffs take the position that the core inventive concept of SG 29P
is the convergent coupling of the compounds of Formulas (XVIII) and (XIXa)
(corresponding to the compounds referred to as BZM-4 and BZM-8 respectively in
DRL’s process) to produce a compound of Formula (XXIII), which is deprotected
to form a compound of Formula (XIV) (bortezomib). 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

PCS at para 165.

This process is termed convergent synthesis. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

PCS at para 169.

180 The defendant does not dispute that claim 1 of SG 29P claims a two-step
convergent process for the synthesis of bortezomib. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

DCS at para 248.

Rather, it disputes the validity of claim 1 of SG 29P (and indeed SG 29P as a
whole) on the basis that the invention claimed is neither novel nor inventive.
225

##### Foot Note 225

×

DCS at paras 257 and 265.

Patent specification of SG 29P

181 The background of the invention in SG 29P, and thus the patent
specification of SG 29P, substantially mirrors that of SG 322. I have outlined
the salient aspects above at [134]–[138].

Claim construction of the independent claim in SG 29P

182 Claim 1 relates to synthesis of a compound of Formula (XIV) (ie,
bortezomib) by coupling a compound of Formula (XVIII) or an acid addition salt
thereof with a compound of Formula (XIXa), wherein X is a leaving group, to
form a compound of Formula (XXIII), and deprotecting the boronic acid moiety
to form a compound of Formula (XIV) (ie, bortezomib) or a boronic acid
anhydride thereof. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

Scott Schedule at p 65.

(A) Novelty of claim 1

(I) State of the art

183 The defendant relies on the following materials as part of the state of
the art for the novelty inquiry for SG 29P: 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

DCS at para 264.

(a) International Publication No. WO 03/033506, filed as PCT/JP02/10450, dated
24 April 2003 (“WO 506”) is a Japanese patent relating to aminoboronic acid
derivatives. It discloses the convergent synthesis of compounds having the
phenylalanine amino group. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

DCS at para 261; Primer at p 46.

I analyse this below at [186]–[195].

(b) International Publication No. WO 03/033507, filed as PCT/JP02/10451, dated
24 April 2003 (“WO 507”) is a patent with a priority date of 12 October 2001.
I analyse whether WO 507 anticipates claim 1 of SG 29P below at [196]–[201].

(c) US 079 teaches the use of convergent synthesis process for the synthesis
of peptides. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

Primer at p 35.

I analyse whether US 079 anticipates claim 1 of SG 29P below at [203].

(II) Whether claim 1 is anticipated by the state of the art

184 The plaintiffs argue that claim 1 of SG 29P is novel and teaches an
inventive step. The core inventive concept of SG 29P is the convergent
coupling of the compounds of Formula (XXIII), which is deprotected to form a
compound of Formula (XIV) (ie, bortezomib) (ie, convergent synthesis). 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

Scott Schedule at p 65.

185 It is relevant at this juncture to explain how convergent synthesis
features in SG 29P. This develops the general definition of convergent
synthesis which was set out earlier in this judgment (see [50] above). The
plaintiffs rely on the side-by-side comparison between the process at claims
45 to 51 of SG 322 and DRL’s process, prepared by the defendant’s Mr
Amarendhar, to illustrate the difference between linear synthesis (process
taught in claims 45 to 51 of SG 322) and convergent synthesis (DRL’s process).
231

##### Foot Note 231

×

PCS at paras 167–168.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 7: Difference between linear synthesis and convergent synthesis

(a) WO 506

186 The defendant submits that WO 506 teaches the use of convergent synthesis
to manufacture a boronic acid. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

DCS at para 260.

Dr Johannes averred that WO 506 anticipates the use of convergent synthesis in
the manufacture of bortezomib through the series of chemical reactions
involving the known compounds of Formula (XVIII) and Formula (XIXa). 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

Dr Johannes’ Expert Report at paras 135–136.

187 The plaintiffs, on the other hand, contend that even if WO 506 teaches
convergent synthesis (in the formation of an amide bond), the teaching of WO
506 is of a “different ‘flavour’” from that of SG 29P. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

PCS at para 203.

Prof Chiba submits that the compounds synthesised in WO 506 are structurally
different compared with bortezomib. For WO 506, Prof Chiba points to
dissimilarities such as the absence of examples where the carbonyl moiety is
directly attached to the ring of an aromatic moiety, which makes the
synthesised compounds in WO 506 distinct from bortezomib in SG 29P.

188 Before I analyse the parties’ submissions on the anticipation of claim 1
of SG 29P by WO 506, I begin first by setting out the relevant portions of WO
506.

189 To recapitulate, WO 506 is a Japanese patent relating to aminoboronic acid
derivatives (see [183(a)] above). WO 506 discloses the process titled “General
Scheme 1” for the synthesis of a compound referred to as “Formula 1”. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

Dr Johannes’ Expert Report at para 141 and PBOD at p 268.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 8: Compound referred to as "Formula 1" in WO 506

190 Another relevant compound in “General Scheme 1” is the compound referred
to as “Formula 7”. “Formula 7” is a compound of the form of the general
compound referred to as “Formula 1” with “Y” substituted for a boron-hydroxide
group.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 9 Process referred to as "General Scheme 1" in WO 506

191 The parties disagree on whether the compound referred to as “Formula 7” in
WO 506 is analogous to bortezomib. While Dr Johannes takes this position in
his expert reports as well as his testimony at the trial, 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at paras 140–142; Transcript (27 October
2021) at p 137 ln 22 to 25 and p 138 ln 1.

the plaintiffs contend that the compounds referred to as “Formula 1” and
“Formula 7” are distinct from those involved in SG 29P. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

PCS at paras 177 and 185.

This is significant, in the plaintiffs’ view, because the defendant relies on
the similarity in the compounds in WO 506 and SG 29P to make the assertion
that the process of forming the chemical bond (ie, the amide bond formation)
is therefore the same. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

PCS at paras 178–179.

Conversely, the defendant places emphasis instead on the fact that convergent
synthesis was utilised to synthesise a boronic acid in WO 506. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

DCS at para 260.

Dr Johannes produced the chart below to illustrate and compare the processes
across WO 506, WO 507 and SG 29P: 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at para 150.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAA8AAAALKCAYAAAD9OjhJAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAP+lSURBVHhe7N0HvGVFkT/wQ0YUs4gRM6KYEZWgIgiCOYKuRAOCOREUQddV3JUkoqIowkgSzAFzXhXEAGLEBIa/whoByTP8z7dnfmPv3Zfm3ftmXuh6rz/nnA7V1dXV1VXdfc5dbcmSJdd3DRo0aNCgQYMGDRo0aNCgwTyH1ZddGzRo0KBBgwYNGjRo0KBBg3kNzQFu0KBBgwYNGjRo0KBBgwYLApoD3KBBgwYNGjRo0KBBgwYNFgQ0B7hBgwYNGjRo0KBBgwYNGiwIaA5wgwYNGjRo0KBBgwYNGjRYENAc4AYNGjRo0KBBgwYNGjRosCCgOcANGjRo0KBBgwYNGjRo0GBBQHOAGzRo0KBBgwYNGjRo0KDBgoDmADdo0KBBgwYNGjRo0KBBgwUBzQFu0KBBgwYNGjRo0KBBgwYLApoD3KBBgwYNGjRo0KBBgwYNFgQ0B7hBgwYNGjRo0KBBgwYNGiwIaA5wgwYNGjRo0KBBgwYNGjRYENAc4AYNGjRo0KBBgwYNGjRosCCgOcANGjRo0KBBgwYNGjRo0GBBQHOAGzRo0KBBgwYNGjRo0KDBgoDmADdo0KBBgwYNGjRo0KBBgwUBzQFu0KBBgwYNGjRo0KBBgwYLApoD3KBBgwYNGjRo0KBBgwYNFgQ0B7hBd/311y+7WwqeB+P6iG7x4sX/K37JkiUlPnD9kuu7JYuX/N+yPch73XXXletgOrwCSNq1117bXXnllf8r/9VXX12eV1ttteWh0NDDNddcU+5d4VKXcvLU5eAdxCe/csnvmnzJExAn1HHKDIK4sQIIjgYNGjRo0KBBgwYNGqxcWK035Be0Jc75WX311YtzwimJkxKHSRgrT5wg1zXWWKM4XGuuueb/KQ84U0kTpAnKwcv5yj18V111VXlOGfWnDuXWWmutklc8J3HdddctceCyyy4rOMQpv/pqq3fX9fi7vpfXgK8v1y3z1xb3dF137XU93mu7deRfhgPO1ft611p7neV5r+8d2yuvvKJb9wY3KLSEzrV6nMrBe901vdOobX2ZNddac3k+Aa2uacPaa69d0sML7UEv0GY04NsN+vqUAynnKo/y8rj+85//LDwQX9qtncvKXHHFFd0666xT0tGMhvTpeuutV67KqQc++eW54Q1vWMrUbQit4tM/dZp79ASnUENwgcG0Bg0aNGjQoEGDBg0azCyM1AHmhHA0GP9xCN0z+OMMxPiXHgdJHsCB4IBwLqRxRDg8l1xySXFG5OMQ/elPf+pudrOblTjA+YhTo3441AVPcAfigISev/71rwUPWlM34IDFabr00kuXO5ScVXFwpF5pccTgdI2jJJ80Zet7+eRxDU2Jh1fZ0O4Zb6Vpv3zilPnb3/5WeMSRC12g4LluKZ6ud15XW6N3yNynu/v0f/z9byWfAKf2XtfjXdy3CW3r9A4whxEOaWv0Tq1yV/X9oh40aOvafVqf0C3x3Oe94pqrCk3oSb+4V492KAufZwD/WDwLXeLFeZZeHO8en7SAfpEmpM7gdf3LX/5SeAekK+9ZevKGHumCOuOoy1PTkb4C4qSnDEi9rvIlPleQ8g0aNGgwVYgOGdQftW4JNB3ToEGDBg0a/F8Y2gFm+JtkGfocRY6FwIHhMHAOpbvnVHJebnzjG5c8nJY4OO4BxyjOhThp6sjOH5CmfJwO9+p3z+kQAsowDMTJL6CDw6ielLn88svLcdeb3vSmJQ9HjWPMSdKu0CU+jhM6lFG/tOAPxAlSv3rQop7sLIZH8CgvgBgydTviXMmTtqAFHrxJXrjkK7zq0diR5ZSu1tPSJxTn1cICZ/hGy/oBLL72uj7uX+3pEXSra1Nfr34oDjD6evyX9fxYW73F8e2jelxX9/26xuprdGuuvVZ31dVXFTrhSR+6R5t2SNN29+GrPGQDz9yLE2qQHh7rA+0OaLP48MGz+kDqlVbHCerKooS6a0C7uNCUMupJWTgF9S3new95VlbesWC8+AYNFiJkzGScDULGVj3ekjf6NWO4Husg+esxS9cZ4+YouoQeGCwnXbnoWHmiD9RJr4mnEzLW6SnllImOEk9fe45eUy70KG9eUhfdBu9ge4F8iVdf0pLuqq48SxdAnSdQt7VBgwYNGjRYKLDGIYcc8vpl99OCTMYmUpM2o8DEzGn8+9//Xnbezj///HI0d/31119ubDAG7F7GCVQ2zlAcZXH/+Mc/yqTv3sTNsBAnn/xxRjLRw6WsOEG6IA1tmfzlg0seuORBX57lk8e9OPUD8eKkuYfTc4wMwMGUJk5ZhlZdN7qT31XdcAgB+dWhvPbU6THU0CTIK5968S6G1OIli3tn9bJyillZjuqaPe8dd2ZkcW77ggXXpZf+Q+NK3+g/NMsP/5oMrT4UnvXxcGkJvGmTd3/hKXzpn92jyVXQRnS6h1+bQPpVuYA86nCNfLgPP2JEphzc7uWRnvhchdL+Pi15xaGHDKRvgWf8S144Bfcg8a5pg/SA+ISA+oSxoM7XYH6BPh+Ug8BE8WQz9wGyCiLXtcwFjBUgPbrNWFMmMhtZdi8kX3SG9MExFzmXL7oGDmU8B7987uGEQ93J6wqf/HmWx714z8rBkbhA0umklEWre5A0QZ0gbXEVANoSn/rQE50XkJaQstFH5q3QJwy2URAfHRW85ix6xvwHp/lQ/XiY/NLLQuOyMnX94Zu8Nd5A6k79uZ8MppKnQYMGDRo0mG8wkiPQJmnGhUnZpG6C/spXvtJ94xvfKE7uz3/+8+5ud7tbt8suu3T3ve99y+7rV7/61e4HP/hB98c//rF7yEMe0j360Y/ubnSjG5WJ/v/9v//XffOb3yzGwm9/+9uC81GPelR3v/vdrzjW73nPewoOOD3btd1iiy26W93qVt1FF13UfepTnyplNthgg2IM3OEOd+juda97Fbq+853vFEeRA4g2Ze9973t3N7nJTYrxgVY4GSye1Xnzm9+8GD4/+9nPSpqyDDX13f72ty+OM0Pm97//fTFsGBV3uctdCk5gIUBd6s3ur3rdM9rEo9OVIeR4t+cYlvKA7Fqr2xXf8RxtaBUfY45xWYyb3jG1Uyuv3WDv6+Kxd3x9tGrx9Usd1r//9a+lXeqw06te9Fzb85FzC9C9+hpLnWJHpQvtfd0Q3OSmN+nWXWfd7pprr+mu7ut21QfaASfc6LEDDjc+glve8pYlDd3iHXfXtuR1WgA/xHlGE75oM7jNbW5T+Ai0X78B/CBPaI1M6qPwRp/oN/jxhswpk76Vpmz4qD750OkqH5x4WQcgHi7ltUl+AE9C/TwfoG7jIEhLvL4Dke/wQB68Sj7P8tTxgjLiiiwuS09efaUP9JE+AOL0p/5QHi5ADjJelPcMB4AjdIiXrl445SH3ykZupdd1q0O6snSYK3zKyYcWeFKHeM8JkVfl0nblxIVnaZ/00JY80uHAI89xbsWnneFDaIAD/fLLI6TdIDyB01VawLMAZ+jXpjh74rU5NAfSNiHgXjvUC4cy8MALwmf50hb34tQVufCcdsLlPnxK28IDaQJAO3zyucojSFcudQefq2f4XMPrtD24yUPyugL32gOva+RA2egOQXpdDnieCqBBGA+miqdBgwYNGjSYTzCSI9AmWMaASZsDyHh4//vf373vfe8rE+wf/vCH4ow+97nP7Z72tKcVp+PNb35zcZDBgx/84O7pT396cY4ZAmeccUZ32mmnFWPi4osvLg7UW9/61m777bfvfvrTn3avfe1rSzwDlFPE+d1nn326O9/5zt15553XvepVr+rOOuusYjjc4ha36HbfffcS1Lvvvvt2v/jFL7oNN9ywOEubbrppKfuABzygtOWoo47qPvnJTxZndvPNN+8OOOCA7v73v38pc9hhh5UrerR3m222KXTf8Y537L773e+Wct5PZsA89rGP7bbccsviSKFJm+yGb7TRRt3//M//dI985COLU3/22Wd3n/nMZwofpOPhDjvsUNI40MrihfZyxB/0oAd1j3jEI7rb3va2ZQFBnZz6GN7SnvjEJxbH/OyeB5/8+Ce6K6+4srv2umuLsyjNwoEjzEe//e3dxz/+8WKcrn+j9budepqf+MQndDe9yU278354Xvetb32r++tf/lqONHsfeJttHtlt/pCHlB3ks7797e573/te98f/98fioD7lqU/p+X+X3kC8tvvSV77c/aTvJ/xltFlEQJd8X/ziF7sLLrig++Uvf1mcWQsf2267beknbT399NOLs8kQ9X72U5/61JIHjZ/4xCcKnznPeGVh45nPfGb3wAc+sLRfmvL4wZhU52677dbd/e53LwsqAtzqv/DCC7snPelJ3V577VWccIsm4sgcGdZ3yluosCiCtjhS6tIPt771rUsbOc8cd+XAXe9617IAwgEXr7z2kEfxZM+YMS5+/etfl/ZIJzf3vOc9Sx51/OhHPyrp+vXPf/5zt8kmm3T3uc99Sj60oMkCUpx1Czm3u93typj74Q9/WBaPpBl7eIUePDc+4ddW/YOX0owPBr488KmnNpCNNfHKqh8vtck4NG7Fy+9ecC+/oE5t1Fb3+KhdSXcfh8c9usQrY6ypJ4a8NHW51g6JcgJI3croF/SgU73yRmfBq4yrutQvTR5x8MiXOOAZL+TFo+CRjieepQU3QG/alaugzXCnDakP7a7Scw9n7lNGX+FBFsfECXUd2iXOFaA59+kH+UIrPJ7Th9qBh+pVT2h2H5oFcQAefECrdqNPnDxwA3nhhVOagBbp6g0/084at3tXeeR3D4/8IHiBsu5zlSbA4dk1uAd5AFJXaHet44NHG6UHZ+RMfmnkxbN4fAmt+k+a8YefwYsHoQW9GVupM7jrMBaEnkDyjZe/QYMGDWqgPybTF9ExTa80mEswsiPQgHFr55exZKI3qd/jHvcozhhH005vDPRM+pxHu7MMf86GNIaqXT2GO6Ofg8PJFWfiZ7zZfVWOo/Lwhz+8u9Od7lQMEDjg5AwrL54zyXFAE4fEYGUEAo4Xx5tTom5Og3YwUsRJ4+iok1PBMAmd6tl4442L46Ac55xxyOCRpjzDxW4j54pRqG4B7RxajuD3v//94uDYvZZfmzhB2gMXRwl+9XLK4UYfvMrGKUebdnPO4P7xj3/cfflLXy51y8Np2Wyzzbq7coD7euA955xzioPG0eIsPbjHjyfn920999zziuP9i95h/PVvft3daaM7dRvfa5PuxuvfuHcm/7v77Gc/W+rXLn10u9vdlibsPvu5z3Wf+/zni3OvfRxfzpl+/e//XlrOVZ36UR+jh8P36U9/ujjW8P7mN78pCxP6TnvR6Ti9fsArjuvSem9XeKquz/f1WhiwEKHfHvawhxVeaL9yduI5jr/73e+K441XjNCjjz66e+9731ucfjv9ZFa9+kA7/uu//qv76Ec/2n3961/vfvKTn5RFBPWq741vfGP3jne8o/vwhz/cffnLXy6LHPqXjH3ta1/rDj744LIAoqz26iNyzCE/5ZRTujPPPLP7whe+UNqG99L1+0knnVRospjz7W9/u7QHr9Ckfeo79dRTy2mKc889t8gFebcAcOSRRxbcFpnUo93k0Zj70Ic+VNI/9rGPlX4gJ/oIbfisPnWfcMIJJZ824qF24bFFk5NPPrlbtGhR4at6LciQffzDAzzDbzyAF48tUOgbfSeQVzIHyCjcHHr3+tMCECfdQggnXZlf/epXRe7pAvKkXRaUjGtyGEdQeTwUpx7jK06Z9Dj/wFgW4FHGffSaNiUdwAXULU492uYeXnoCXvIc/MB98suXBQT44pBydOgo9/LWZeRPnDLu5Q+4FydoQ/KLF+LEJR886BAvvzYkTv3AvThpymmzKx5qHzzhExzolB/Q74J8dTk43Sco7xqHMfxPmn4CcQZDk3T51Ine8MRVnBDc8ge3vOLlTXngHoT+PKs3+JUPLhAcntOu0Bd+Jy8+aKP0LCBIT/6UB0kLn109p00C/GhKXyUd5ApSpgZ5hQYNFhpkbA1CPXYGxw9ImaSPFT/emKp1o2vGY51fXHDW+eURkuY+OqBOFwCdYF6p9TmAUxn5xAdSlp6VR/7ECeqN7vWc62CQp8bvCpSv89WhQYNVDSM5Ah0jkTH6hje8oRjZz372s4vRbIJmCMWhZQTIK85ANXAYrZzITPQGIiNXWXGAcQCHZ2WBe3nhFAIZsAaiYBDGgIGHcmCUMTxjYMElLQNeHo48A11Ai/ahVV0MbmW0kZEinUPJ8FSn3dbgBHAxwvEKDunyMe45mcqrk5NrxzKOAZoZ/+pGM2cC3fgEF0cIDjTDATfHEB4fprqgd+YuuvCibknfro3uuFG3Se/A3rx3stR95qc+3f38gp8XXI5Dc3C23HKL7tY9bZyXs5Y5g94F3qx3FLd++MO72/SOjo9qcWbO6x3kP/7x/3V36B2gLbfaqsd/x8K/7/3g+905fTqHRb9u1adxvNHG2VJWm7XDwogdYmmcHw4U5xQvtd0Ou8UPipnDzNHjCOsDJwc4wJxG9aL5gx/8YHGy8EK9dv4tJliY4bipV3ky9LznPa/sIJOrt7/97cUxx2t99YQnPKF7znOeU3ZzOZF24fFMXfrbDj/nmXNp11m7LJzoIycd7C5zKjmjHFEnCpR7xjOe0e20007FudNWDj+nTh+KU27HHXcsk8nhhx9enFAyqj9f9rKXlR1t95xwrwI4AUCuOKCHHHJIoZuzrSx+yguXEwcvfOELy4LNscceW8oaE9K18cUvfnFZeCGDnPkPfOADRZbxEY9f/epXlyt61WmxxwKFBYbXv/71Jc3CxTHHHFMcYGMbX9Fsl13acccdV5xbePFijz326Hbeeeci5/irj4x7adrhtAJ61EkOtVP/WJTSNxYZ8P1zn/tcoceYsahhoc245NBaIOBYR9eQNbjRZiHEooR2qIcM7rnnnt12221X5EvffeQjHyn58Oj5z39+WRQxXvSZhQKyoqyxjscWL6RbsEIvOcNDfCeH7rWfHCrnnpzoP3WSezjh01agnRYv4MK/nKwgLxZh6Fu6wEkEeOUztuz6B696lVMn+rRfKGO/HzsBeOVFA37EMZNPvPSE6DdpoRVNypA5eKWTbWNDfehSFk3y6RO0R9bE0RnSgfakDnnR5Fk+ZdThXjq5oTPUnXQ0ht7MAdLkhUd5ZUH4oB5xygQfcA+f8iDpyqUO5cSpK/xBhzht8kwW5Q0NeA0H+YU7dIDQFhpA4tCpHpA41zrAFXyeQ2Od3mB+Qt3vg/0sbjyIzERGEhcZDD7P5Ne1jouMJQ0kjzhAD2UMGB/ujQ+6wL1xEPye3ZN3z6nLVbzgOeNTfHRJ8qnHWIFffPSCNOXg8CyPe7Qo61nZ4Epe5UKLZ6A88CxIF9AinzrdwwmXZ1cBqCNtdR3El7w1D5IvusB9aHUvn7T6GSQuuEJTnuWtITQkzVX+AHxAWsrKnz4bxNegwWyAoR1gAyFGqwHxghe8oCg3x5QZm2Bw8E0FMrgy0AymsXBIWxG88w20n1Km2KNo9QVD01eZ/9kbw39b5iDfvDe0ffnZB636gksR9Pm953vZPy7to5Z06/cGrHeG/aav94RXX7PP21+XXLe4W3xdryT7IhQsp7go0b5fvDPMwV7S06F+X5z2RekozfRRlCtQFt2e06/yMt61hcFMrhjxcXCli2PIM6YtBnA4g5OjyHmOgamcXVP0SuNcwJEFBI4H54Hy59AwQC1MqNsEqA48NUErG6dB/Yx05dVjMYShztBHO6feYk/6xCIFBwEeDpKFBsCZ4dhx1IwZuI0ZpyHgtbMrwMGx4GBZSECbdkrj+MVB5pRztCwAcK7lE48+O9qOdMNjAYDzhj59gIePecxjljtvdog59fhikrYL/2//9m/FgbMbLHAaOdgWIbxWYNHGDjZHVv36Fz+f9axnFYfe4oUda3TrQ+B1CKcz0IBeDifHHh8cfXeyw8LPiSeeWBYalEOrVyF23XXXIhvaLx0vOEcWTJ7ylKcUHnNC3/a2t5UFDH1KLiymeEUCX7ymwZkXj8fa+tKXvrTQTC4WLVpUFiDg0aevec1rCr3k6Ygjjii40WrBSX6LKRY38PU//uM/ypF9Mi8d/+Als+985zvLYgx6OT/kyAIEJ5fexAO81m9k+JWvfGVx7PHQ4oaFHjLoFIIFFTJh3HDW8TGyhGb0OjVA9rxqYWc+sk/O8EO9FpaUJ6vohR9ecmFMeEXASQVyT7+gS7/C7ZUC/e5qfHHY9ZE0sm2BAn71Kstp9/qI+smQhScyif9eN/HKA3kl19qDFn3kagHCYgu+kjf4yRrcFinIsPFtPFq4AJ7xHU/1E54rR771Jdyu6tQ+9UiP7jJmtFed5ARd4pWJDtOX2ibdc9KMY+X0jzhlgTj5xYV+ccqgjwyRdf0IB1rhTl5ljW88k1e6+DooFxiMz712zEUI3dpQw3jxoE6r7/UzwBf8B/oFyIfnruLkT58L0oT0pzR5Paffklc9rkBfBp8gb+QtIE6AH8AZCB7j2n3kSJ7ki5NJTtCRtpEZedQVPKFDHDpSp/LJk7amHdLkF7Q998mfOtQN0Bj+APnEoVNeYyi89ayutJ+My6ue4A/UZYD7uo6MyRqnEAi+ukxAfhCcnl3REto8u5cHb8I/9clX48WLlJGuXNI9u1deuTzLr2zoSh5Q4xDwIjzWz6lf/rqcMkLi0x73dQB1vYHc5xo6Aikv1LSD3NdxDRqsChjaATaATOoUE0Xz8pe/vEz2++23XzHmm5DPLIS/UTZAXInvH0v8so9Y+YBVn1AcVX1GQZafMurjrl+mlDm2nFpKtzjKPXBuV1uGC9LUubjP595Xok3EFO8N+kkMPp+IphSlwyUNeIanVsCZINEjLcqUIUgxC8otr7fHF+eN3MUJDu4Ez6nDFY2AQeA5+IJLvLo4S4DhnLrFqUucvGiAN22ED0/FM1q1ycQuv4ld3sLTPp8ynpVzTf2etQUfjCXl0ewZwKNs6uYcKhucjHttUFY59II4jpwedeANI99VXg4Ahx2t4vAdPu0Inep2xQd1ukcz50C9cSI5+ujGN3RzptQtLwdJeXiV4XCoB/3Kcb44LpxTR+bl0UYLBZxQeTjVHCxHvZWla+DlCKOdzuF4yYcmR/wdp1fWs+PanDoOkWPl0tBk8QL9HErOG15w+CwGcLTspL7kJS8pjhvwLrs05eB15RDambb7zAF2ZF5/cJ7sOnP4tcnxcbvd+kdfosWJGY4h51h98nEO8deJAg6wejjAdti1mWO69957F3r1t913CwF4rX85tvA+7nGPK+lOOTghoU6ysPXWW5fdebzm4P7nf/5nwWvRiPyi+RWveEWRjUMPPbTzTQf0wG+B4cADDyyLFBZxfKMBT/T9Qx/60LLzb8GGY+sYvYUGcpM+Mk9wdC2WeL3ATjyZwUOnDXK6wrci7ODrZ2HPPfcsiwXa4JSCI/xkhKw5MWCRgRNskQYvlUGzRRyLKhaILLRYjFFOmr7TZrzigOe0iHGDJvKGLrJDDsmM1zXIpT7heKdvOfMWMNBnHFmkcAqF407eLNaQM/wnS3ihnEUNpyTwCM3kzwKBRQhyQRa8boBmfaNvtYXsxGGHV1k4yKsFIjQ4fWKM4ZHxDJ9yGftZnNOvZFVZ+fHFeDTWybG6tctCQupVVlrGNbqUxTfpAh6HPuOWLpE/Ogaf1W3xIaAe9cIDn0B2gPZnIUGbjCO4lJGmnGf5BWXFSY8+E+SVLi887tHoXjqapKWs+9QjDl73grKhSX+iSR74XEOPe+A+kDjgXv8ph68C8IxeeNEX0N/S8BFOtCjjKr824GF0jfa7R7t7ZeXxXPNaUF6ZtFucvOKTn9y4D8/EoUMQD+QP37UNoFGcPMmHf/JIcw2/BCBf2pB09aVPUi+Qri7pgmfl6/YGt/Ig9Ulzr57QGJCeOOU81xAaUnYwPfjxxL2+APIG0CiPNLjSNvUFf2gGymqTa9oaGXJPl8CVeHXjsTj9R2dL04fqDc/cqwugQZBPvGuCPPU9cB+oy9YB1PkaNFjZMLQDbAAZjAaMicyOiavdEBN4g5mFWoFE+VCEAke2915LHrvB2ZWlAMvE2Cu8dSjGPo1jywkuE1wf1lqmfP3mrx1iju0NHdHr+zo/n+TvmmuWOkNFYUrr8cMRBziKOvUCChQoI52ilkYhKyvOfRS4/MqbIKVR3pnI5MuzfJR4aXtPO6ULb+iQv56wxbkmn/s8p3zy1pC2hPfyyscYAYwRZaRnfADlBO2WDkdoDY3KeI6hIK84+aSHNuVdwx/38NVlBJObdscJlRfAA4dnNAYnPqoniwpA3SkLt3ttdWXsmWD1jXR9AeADmXD1Ezxwhm5xDPC0Xfm0AR40ok0c2kIvGlzhST3qhz90i4dTefpIu1I/A5yDzDnAH7jUhRYOAIdPWekMeMY6fIx7zrn70Kas9rtHF9zwyCPevcC4l4Yf8HIc4EYTWiwU4AdnxU6vdE6DNtvx5IRxrDleAsdEfju4HFh4OKDZfVc/WjmSnDrt5lBywvCCA6YcB4szwylUXr3hh+PtPsiHpxYD4NbfnEC4cyqAHHAo7bRrKwfUDj2aOa+O1CsPD9wWKCwmwM+ZdBwfXWTKNw44z+iyEODDg5xD/csh8woA55kzaAfeAoc07Xnyk59cnFj12nXm0DtxgE8cYB87VOfpp59eHHa8xnt9pwxn3ymJvN8uXl9pT3bh1evdee3RT9pkl90iBd5YJJBOZvSJ9lgMttjAKefQO6qOJqcV8MFChkUEaRY44BQsTjiRAC8e2cGHF90WD/CJQ8npdtqAnDvJwlFFj8UYTrWFArIJJ/njrDupoN8smKBLWz1b0HCCguyKtzAiLXwyNiyokCk77BZU0GSMaqs+MIbQ8KUvfanIFVmxuAWn1x444BaPnEYgp+RRvejifJMZixD4BMgn3ltMMGYs0pB/fDE+jAt8IFvkTzn5jG16RN8af9oONxk3FvHRuEC3PiDfTvookzFv4SJ2DN5a0BGvHFrJMn2vfU7VkEV1KW+RKAscyhk3yhrX6iPjWYCR7sQHmcFLixdOcGifep24gVs/aqtxh0751U3OtUudFkbkM54sxsCPR/pPX2gPWcAnizj4JNBv2oNefYJONEnzrO+d9ElZdOG3etRHT1nUlF86uugR+eEWPEevaht+6Bd9jBeetQMO5QB+yovn4rQDj7SfTLmHFw2ZR/CFPLsXr4w2wCNNPuXVrS5XEJzS5VcWDvfqN249q08eQTycaE/dya+8eHGhRVnpysLnHq3qFhe6c6997tFe0xEIfmnySoMr8aCms8bhmnzukychcaEHyJ8gj2tdNvkF99qgzSBpyS80mB8QORgPpA9CLRf1mArUZcgWkJcMjQJG5gADA8ukQsFR0oy6BjMLhCJKR4hSonTs2lKalG6fuKzE/4UiuMuujjr3qq0cY3YEugj0GGUX94p2aV2Ufq/o+3rAVf1kcu2S3rnqlWsmi9BDwCO8ruTGvclHOqUNkqYckIdsKV9o7dMzMQlpc/IWmntQJoaoiVOIrCaPsmTYNZMVHMEfSL1oMOGbaOAzWYoXyL268DyhbjMo/dI/wx+nDaBLfs/B5z7tSXl0AGmhdbAOIK5+dq+d8qkr7U09yRNAm35hKGYyDQ9SJvW7xxP0x2jBH5D82i2vOhlNysTQEJ9J2XN0CvnRDsaSPDGEgPhATZf40BrDAR7tAepUt7bJnzR0SUOHNG3WljpvZEJI/dKTRtbk5SyAtEteuBla8qXNaMSX8AEeNKc+5QR9kHaLB+LxSTxaQydeqZNRHrwZh/KjMWMNXnngFK8sPOEfgxTPlSXbyqMffnilq195PEwfhpfywCdN213VrQz6GNriOMGcD4Y6I9m7+wxxBjYHjPGPXji83/34xz++GO4cDjujZI8DrIz3wzkBnFMOGCMeHTl2bbeWQ81ZVx868dwOsHfgzVu+UeDdcvzhAKDXQgBHCh/sOnOA0YC3drw5fpwMx8g5hRwS/YGeF73oRWU33AfxOPScHf1n556DyyHBAzvlnEJOBHrgtGutDgvLThQYOxwLjryynJ13v/vd5Ti/tgD858R6JQKPOORo0X9wee/e7r583pH3jr2yaEKnxWv57NoLeICHHFuOr3fk0cy5daoAr8kIJ9UrUPjPkbTbzWlXjnxxvixecO6Us+tPXjg8+sYChEUZTpvvFGRBBb7999+/7MLjk/ZykKMnOJJOBXBklbUIYUFFmy18WGTgnLFNLAagWzl0c6otJOhb9OpXckymyJxFCosq7smio/5kmkzodydGyKzFGosUeKXvyCpeKk+O8NkCEx77Ngbn1gKF9qLVaQX9yhHED7JIbtDplynIlbJoIxf6npxoL9kwfiyApL3kTr++5S1vWf6NCG2yWJNTHRatlEUzPjsZ4/UQYwBv8uqCMWSc4a/XXYwlH230bYvoFbKv79WLDosn+kj/0hNkwxjSNos1+pb8Afyx+GHci9cP5AfN+scin4U89FvsIdP4S2alwUt3aS8+WHyhu8mUhR762OKfcqlPOYtS+lF/WEhTJ5roCPKSkzDSpel3fe0kCP1ojOONMvKhB+/wFs8tttAX+o38kHvpAH+jI+hAZYwt+pYcCPgqTZyFB7Lhmd4iy9qMRosh2kg2pKON3KAXbejKs4B3ymo7vYk2NEpzhUMefaduujr6A+hz+BI8J13dnuGGV/1w0vspC+9gmEugjXhV0163IW3FGyAND4A45UHKSBOX8QDSV/K7Avdwe5ZXeXz3jNehS9pY9Xg2hlwjL6nX+JcveOj/pLtPG+DXt6HZvTR9bwykz6UB+aV7Tpwr+uAga+7hgUNZOJIOp/oBeiJbrqOAoR1gBCJGx7giUqMNunRSg5UP+gCsvtoyh1AvXy+uv+8dVnBd31cGkA9grbX20uPQjkADwrikF0DCRxh7JMv70s6ychFcdZVj0svS7DSv3vd9DcrKR6iBsuRFnEEgnsyIM0BcxbnKG+GHR91kC23yJp8ASpv6eLTVkIHnWt8rjw7PgjrEA2lkHEhTbw3KSZcGUtYVPRnUaE37paXugDgB7copI3/apRwehD73wWuSlQf/godCk9dkD4+6QqeQ+9C0vJ97EJfxrA4GhQmTIUNxioev7ofggVdceB9caIJfnuCtJwr3cIY2eeCVH3gOwCVe/joeqE86gMd9XRe6xIUm5d27qhvO0Bjc4kDwNlgxiKxknOsPsmqiI8fiMvEK0sNzaelD9yDyoS9ruRHnPv0eyL109wJ6QgsalGM0y8NIgBfO6BJybyy5t/vIaQBoMC44d+6za6YO5ZWxEKy9cBpL0QnSGJju5VeOYQvwilHMYJbO6BW0zdhWn11EOIx/Rjq86HVVTjBu7Twqq360MODRLB9Dm7GuDmNHOodTXvRoKxzqTZ2MbkYxZ8aOOHrkRy/HGE3osIBhJ5BzhNf4gyZ9raz68QjteM55ko4Oiwt4iS9oQxNjXV1olp9+UC/ecpYsqMhvgcEiB/ycNbuwaIfX6QmvS2iThRUOloUCtHOCLG6EV5x2jpBFCLLBUeWA4bc2cKIsYmgvnHa10Rf+cUbtbKPfIgQnGD/RxRHdc889S/35QCBnNjLHeZOuPX6hgHOnHu3m8HGOOT4cKYsfFhM4nk4wcI7tXHMmLQZwYrUXf+D08Ue849BzgrVHWzndPpRIPvCQ062sdLyC0+sJHG/t4fDjKV5YfLKQIA954lhbbCA3xs4uu+xSHGSOtJMZeAWMNw6nsvisTich5CNj2sPpxku0eM0jJ1HwUd862UEGnJ5wkgL/0OWVCB+VNGYXLVpUFlX0C0fSSRKvj2g3Hki3iIH/Fi588NBiG/mFl/MszSKAxSPyIh4fyLXxSga1wUKCctqvb6UZA2SFrBl75MiClnZKJydObeCtNHzAR+OGY2yhxfc26CqLC2RJuj6z2JVTQBbZyIrxQ1aMRwtHWUDwTQVypk5jwyKOPsO/vEokTb8Zb/hOzrQDD/SJoE+V59TrQ/XRF+jVN+Q6DrvFRM6+fOiHV78pb5HAmCSfArwWJizsKWMRk/6CE/1+VcaihrY6gWI8kT961TjTTmWNBXjpCrJOr4nXb9pGdvBPnfpVH6LXYh35ISfi0Kte45+uFq8u/QsvetGif9EBL7rl8yyNvsw9MJ6kk0t8x091wYc2aUDdiacHxMPvGT4Ap4C38Ame8UKAA07llQPJJ0398us3OOGR17NynuEJ4BVQHoQmdMJl4cSYggtvos/IgTxCaFUH3J4FABeccIV2eEDo0Y7UPyyMxAFGDMI00kobgq3KppMazBwQ1nFhWc9yZAXPxTnt+6o3A5c6wn3fkSXxoByb7nFGKBx3Vpag+tiV9Ouu7R2GNXqhXf689AgSWoog97g40hFq8mGQucpjUIRucVEG6pAPKJt4g6YexPIkX3DV+N0rLw1dBlLuxRtcAQMWUHChSX6yjB5xygrixUWRGOjBl7Ku6HYV0KQsUH/S4Am94VPanPu0Qx73UQACXDVd8rh3FcIv9QB1BcTXz0DceJC8E+Vp0GAsiMyQoUE5ciWnwBhPnoxZ6caaa8oaB8YIWc8YElfX49nVOMmYGEwTl/HtWYAXPWgZnGSVQ5f8yefeVT5GjLrkC14gLQYVHQM3J0k++QX6I0Zn8ihTQwwo8XDKw1jQRo4R/NIFvJO/nn+Vkyau5m/4Do97IJ88iU+ce0G8suJCi/oDyiZfcAnqrvWeNoO0TVrahycpiy/4BPBOWcZo6FV3DKfwDw40hE5GbNqbNnF0PTNexTFMOSRw6U/0oY1Tgjb6nkEtH3oY/4xmNKKLUaxexrpnjo4dQ7gZ6pwEuNHBWeJoolle7U5/CtqhPPoY1NIY0gx7ssl5kE95Brk8jHkLCI7sp31o4ghwbiwCcC44S2jmUHIwtAuPOLGcN04CfGw5TmFkkVPDMcd7bbGTrl3KxjGxQKI9FgssKEjTBg4PZxZPOeacIvHox2vOpvqVsVMuXt2cLzvWdkDVadfZzrJ0MmIhwYkFbc2pgrSHUy0Azq+FBLapfrMzzwnGOzvSdvYtxOg7DrCj+hZkOIsWGJwKURb/OLlwoIOzqk/IjXROrtcT8ICDbKdcv+gTzrg0/aqsRQ98kle83Xc84DhrC96SM44b55gTTHb8NKK2wMvB9Y0BTrC2+Dhjvj0hL946MWDRg+y+613vKvLAWdWPFjycCKEPjj/++HISgZxEdp0m4CCrDx/Iu7GgLLx27rXdwgR5IP/y4zv+cXCdbCFnaFGP0xYWNez4O3GhPRZyLHg5GfG6172uOO1kwa9ZwIsefBbvZyXJkZMgnH3jgIzik3aSUTv20p1gIWf45MSF0ysW37TV4gVQlg4gD04XcfadQuBgw0Pu9Q0ec5q1FY/xh5zRv9pjMUE7BfKJXjIKL5kyho05+OkQvLBYZlGEjjFW8wspeGWM4jdfyqKBsuGx9sNtTOGZvPrBwpV+locuwGtyaUyQb+OEzUvmjC2LKvoTPnliD1sw0MdAGzOmjA+04zk50U5y5hkNgMzmGR1C4uHwnDzKi0MD0BfS6Dj38uq/QZBnFDC0A6wBGqoBOs4RL51ltU/nNZh5ICT6gCABgqU/OLkcVA4sc6x81KpPC9gBvqoXfOXXvcF63Wq9U5tn+Xu57gWxN1p6AXRvp7hPKmnw+Gq0vPAaBO7B1df8y9iKkAuENoIeUK4umzaIc1/wl7r+NYiAZ2GwfEAcqPMF6vvBtAYNGowO6jFsnAkZk3VaPcYZBnEwk06XuBefidbESB8kX+KBZ/iVLbpwWd3i6CJxgxNr5rLQGpoEz8GvzsSjRzBhx1lXTj2gxgE/kAfIwzGThzGTtsDHEFEfnAys1OnKMIBLGXHyaY80uEDqkxa8nl21O/nEoUN5ZYD84ZP8dXnBMxzyJJ+AVvHwoBFw5OQB4YU0+DxLc8841O+etYvRBqe88qWvU19w1TSHTnnwEGS+SX3yp073Ne/EowGIk79umzLBHzrgIJvyw6Ve5QKe5WHQhtbUW9OUAJc21/0mT0JwAPfoRYf61eUqKAeHPJ4BHqMbb4GyqVOaet0rC5RjGKtXP8ob2uRDnzj1KyO/Z/fyiVfWVV5yDOBMv8KFJvjxmGEeA5vRrR7OPpnQvhjpqQ9f4VVv2qcuITIzFUBjaAluZdXFYZKuHo4YmoB4JzY4FdqEFk6RAOymclrQzYG3CCANrWxlzo509XKy7OZyPDjdnC/40YMWrzxIh8vigV1wvOCEcJAsanjmXKkXD5XHT6cYOHba5Z1/dXKGtMmihTSLHnCefvrpxZFWLweIg6u8RQsOPYdQObv2HGALAnZovfahPfhlx9r3CywScMacBrAQAB8alOVMottJDWXR5ZSBuvzagoUEp0s47BZE8Jyu5AD7+KJ6LBI4SaBfBI43Zx6v5OV4W2QgO+p0asIiBJqcXvAxSX2mvRw7JyecVECLBRN81E/KcoCdKNDfvj3BAebn4DkcXtFwImTRokUljXyTR/1+wAEHFEdVWY61oH8AB9QvP9i59soB/8nJGf1B1vCDA81BVo7jHlm3IOaVEnR5djIAr9GkzfjL6dc2bbVYoK/ItfFmIcfrHWTEqyr62CKEdKcjtAcui2dOFnD+My71O9nRDotlxgCZMoYtQHCujQnx+lW/W/TDF7vsxgE8TmyQ0zjWFiLIDxqkS8vJAv4kpx4NeD4KGNoBBohDlMHhd4AxP+/6UEINZh4MihoIXIMGDRqsSmBImR8AnRS9RF8JJjrX2uFj8Jk35K0NbrgEZYB8nmO8wiNOMB8x8MWnDvhcgXrkATVeedwr5yq/fHAG0gb1MjwYpehNvWiVBlKuxucKh/rEA3HaypBDGwit8qrDs3rcKydf6mdApJ0pl3yepdV0pe2B0BLa6roF7cBPQb1C6lIO7SCOiqAtQBkQWhhfwSuIB2gIJC0AH9q0P/XKP5hHXekLeBPnGW2AYaYs+tJm/BCCD5/SttDsKi9whVv+4E1+cWmLPOLTpwFxQvqhfs59aKnb2GBmoNYh6T/BM3mpZchV/0sDxmBk0xhTPnIVnOKVA5EtV3oPBLf+Fw+nABdnzvjmNMCHFmnyKUc2ox+TJh9c5E878gqAZ2Wku1cnuoH8nCFjmbx6zjhXFi1wK8c58cxRk4ejYgfTrifHkEOuXvgcnebookFdnBzOqhMQ8tu15PRzNjl1dlI5nfhuIYBjpY12vC2G2E3Fkzj6nCHtd+UkcbDQzB/h0IXfnCdOGJo4mepDI1zaZMfaSQb0cPZ9jwG9nD1Opl18TqxFAs4qmvDSqQeOM2fXDq1XC+yy449dbjv06lYfJ9Sut7ahSZ0WC+zi2vH2yoJdczy1UGXRxAKFdnH2nQ5QDmiLo/pObWgD59cJAG3CY061HXx0OuavTXiJT/rIhyqVtyBgh9+pBPJAL/LjLLhwesUri//qJrPKOXkh3kcuLSKQCXKqTicW8J7TboEDDXboXS1+6EMLLujleOs/PLFA4QSAxRILPRZOLOqQRQ45XlkYiM4dFoZ2gHVyBjtGen9DnCMQtvcHFX+DBg0aNFhYYOI0R7iaH0xorkImdOBZPiAPSFkgnbEijnESPJ4Zf+YiRokQkJ45yhUwEsTLF7rEuQrSYjiJV6e6amNRuZTNs3ICQ9FzDEz1BlcNiUeHconTlsSbQ9FS46/bF2OKERGapacu6coyfFxTJzzhca7ipSetzpey8CZ/QJogzTU0uHquQVk4GzSYDRAZjdxG3ms5TVrkPmMkMp5ySTMOA3VeAY7gAxnr4o0feY1Z9xwG95xSukRcHFxpdAtc0uGWJ7jlrWlzRVfqgYNec4WHnnGfxSz4lav1YNrP8eQQcZay0KV+dQdf2qwO8eLgEuCKXkx+cSnvqq7UrV2cPPEcaTiF8BOoT/Asn+DZtU5PXJz50C2EjxzE4EUPOpSTBjiB8sqD7hwXlgdvBDTjqTzq8uye04932iOOA81xlIdjzsnmpMub96zx2O4tZ1C+0OgdbacHtIPz7Ug+eaHrHft25Nu8YNffQoRj0uGp1w68z07+HBXnmNuxRZMj3RxOdDmmv2jRovIKAodYu+2m+8lBu/OcYDRZBOGc+iChXwpQFweWA40f+KQ9drQ5w2hy/N3iBxo50F4FgBs/LUDkg4baqy2c43yEbhQwkneABY3j8fvAAWZ4b0PHEOwGDRo0aLAwgVEATFqMDM+DxoWrOYTBYEKWJ4un0k26yoszGcZIMr/A5dk8BGJMBQYnS8/yqiPzkzjPyVvfA/hrut1PBGgD8k2Wt0GDBqsGjPF6nEcPBOrx6yrd2E4+eiY4xNMPyU9nsIXpLzoruitpwU3fgZSjk5SByz289JVn9cGpPKcBwEk/Ku8+C2Lyygc4NbWugx/IH50mLu2AA35BHBrF55nzBuxSqpfDJl56aI0ernWteHhqferZfXS2ZyFpAt4po47EB8QL8AvyqFNInckjaJs4TmVoDi1pJ37hKccNDo6gdO2UztEDeCYoD+DSP8qm7vS5POqrr9osLxzqRLM0dShrEQJN6IZH/fLih/Lhg7zK6hf45OUEy4ceIfMqgE/ddpGDN7v64rVPWW2AUxp8gPOv3/HPPX7Kw+FFh110/FImdfMNbZDayc5H15wYsCNux1t5ddn95wQ7WWAH2Pv5duTR5Gi7HWJpkZVhYWgHGLMxE/GY6By6q0Y4ziC+QYMGDRo0aNCgQYPZApyNOCNxDgKcC7ataxzF2uEAnt0rKy9cIE4MUJbBnjTAGfHMwZFP8CzID5cAL0ck4Jmjk/zs7zhy4uF1tYNWl4NLXnRwPgBcKZePI3FQ8o548NuxVJ/3k9HG4XHkVbqjttoAf/gDn7rlRQ8HyH34AOQDaY963KONEwmfcq4cL3VJVwcHMPyDD1745M2zvJ6BOPcprz445OOfuBfw0RUt8qFlEI86gXj36FA3mus2yYt+PFWHutIu+eQR7wqHeiMLAG555Unb3KPNPdrQGB7B7zl1u6/p8yzes/brY3WK9yw+/ajvclVWgF9+8Wkr/OKTB35XNAL4AJqUFdJm9cqn7vA9eeFQN97xJZXRTnIQGtEwChjaAUZMOhGRWUUwkDBHaNCgQYOJoJ5YahgvvkGDBg0aNBgGzC9CnIeAuBjzjHOGNwOfvQtyz4BnrMf4j5MQYP/GiYljID/88nFkci+gI05F4hj74gH8bG31CZ7hQ3todoUjcfIIIGXg4HjAm/zq0h4Q50VarmlfdiGVF4A0uFK/etRf4xSXdogHoRE94vAq7a3j1IdGbRXnOXWkTfgrT5wjtEgX3IdG+es09SibvoALDvWk3ckPv+CZvyPds7Kes5NpAaJuq/wA7vR/6Jfm2b28QJp7OMQnHS/lV8dgO+RJPgHkORBalAcpI6irvtblVgVoq6PidoDzm+3elSabeD4KGIkDDBDrfLgvt+lgX/JCaISgQYMG/xuieEA9ThLnSlnVae4pbGmjWgWbDRBe1ErXvfaDpkcaNGjQoMEoIXNsnJFA4uNwZDfQPZtXfnnc1w5oHAzzlSBeEG/eBpwPeTlMDHnP8ioH5E25OHVC8OR4cuodhJTPnAmHurRBQAdHjPNql82z92oB3PJ7lkeato5la4RHQJ6AuMS7SqvTU05wj1Y88Ix2EAen5mnwiAN124OzbvcgpK6xYKK0BqsG9IcvTPvat9/F/rd/+7fyM1e+iB0ZGBaGtirrQWIw+Q0s57YdqWgCNT+AsCU0GB3gJ+UevmYCMKYyObiC3EfBz7expT2CNjI68CCTYdMjDRo0aNBgZQNHjPNXO7ODDlbmb1dBupB4wD6OAxpnsMYpiE/ZBE4uGpJXHo4rh9HzWJCyAThyJBpNytqccu/qfc/Qjr48q0t6yg0GkLrq+NApxLmv01NOu6S7ppx7IZA4NMCXuMG2p8663YMwWKaGidIarBpg//EtBacOPJP9yNAoYGgHOANAIERedvb58VESuVCA8R8nB//iHNXPSU+YSVBX6iSEccxWRt0LAcJbCt4Vf9PfAWkU+2CcCWE+QWRN+6NL3It3bdCgQYMGDUYJ5pk4VuaZBGAeilOV+ORPmnk4c5VrPV/LA2qcAfkY83GuAzUO8RzE4AtO6XWZQZCvhpQdjG/QYLYCu89GCL8jHy3zDrCPazmhMCoY2gHOCg7jHZFZQbLipBENpga1gg3E+MdbggA8u8+xFmkzAaElyti1wWhBPzo1kT52zYppvdhR3wPPkYf5Atqs7dEnQp7JX4MGDRo0aNCgQYP5DWxcIR++Yg+ygdm97ORRwdAOMEBQAiMdoYivnbkG4wN+We3Av6zs4Z841zgHHIE4o3EUZgrQgi5XELry3GB4SD9mgSPjxsKGVa+MJ4D/tTM8UwsfqxIib3UQJzRo0KBBgwYNGjSY38A2tpnqlMSDH/zg7hnPeEZ3v/vdr9jBHOJRwdAfwQIMc8aq33k67bTTymfT/ZCyn0ES32Bi4MxwduPccoa8Q+2Lcjo7TpLtf0KRYzMzyds4HhwudaMjzjg60+cNpg/4F/7iNd5yfvW9uJykwGv9Lk7Q//LPp51RvNCmWq7cB/CmQYMGDRo0aNCgwfwH9i5/KL4RYB+OavNvJA4wQJRdqwsvvLAcz91kk02K0xRjtsH4oJPjAHMCfv/733ff/va3u+985zvlx6I5vo985CO77bffvvwWGz7L5/0TzhAHedQAv35Uv/o23njj4pBwRHJtfTsc4J9+x2sy8Jvf/KY755xzyhjSp3e+8527O97xjqWf/bi4326TPz9IPt/4bzHA7wtefPHF5dmXKG9xi1s0PdKgQYMGDRo0aLBAgM0XB5g9HEdYvJ3hUcDIHGCEIkzgIPHQm5M0NcAjThC+4aMPif3sZz8rv31lR9CPjd/rXvcqDlH46spB5TTkE/ajBs7IN7/5zbKjv+OOO3Y3u9nNCo1oVX/r29GAPvzjH//YffjDH+7OOOOMMtD95hl+47Xd36c97WnlKAjAe2VmYuFjOhA5IBs1RBdMBbST4/uNb3yj+9GPflTGgR3wLbbYonvYwx5W2tygQYMGDRo0aNBg/gLbkY3r6882hmwKbrjhhsUPYveOyvYd2blCThlif/CDHxSniRPXYGpQLxhkq5/j+6tf/ar74he/2H3gAx/oPv7xjxdHVMdnVYRjZFdwpsDOrx+hPvfcc7tLL710Wey/HJ4Gw4NBri/17S9/+csyyJ/73Od2e+yxR7fNNtuU3V678PIBsrKq+c9ZzeILGfEhL8f10RaHVx5yWtM9EdjZvuCCC4q8uwdnnnlm96EPfajgbtCgQYMGDRo0aDD/gQ35j3/8ozv11FO7/fffv/vqV79afKNRvvo3MgeYgcuIZ7Secsop5aeQGqw46Fzb+xtssEE5/nrXu9617PzaBc5n8/NlNM7wTO6McWD+/Oc/d7/97W+LkxPnK2EimGq+hQxxJDl8xo5dfw6w3Xb97v1f/a6P896vRRL94LqyQV9m8QWgi0w6om8hhrMrhL7IC5hMDuTnTMO9yy67lB89xwM/hB4nukGDBg0aNGjQoMH8BbYuW5Ddy8685JJLyiZcjkCPCkZiRTOK7f4KF110UTFaF5rjo706LU6AZ3xx9czJERIv5DmdHSfTO58cCh2v08UDO77yAtcaN4jDAZcdZFdp6pKvfuZ4TQbq49xkBw5+oI7BUMNgXO6VD44G/3rBH4+zuHH++ed3J598ctn1P+GEE7rvf//7hWf5MrR+j3O5KkDd5DOyGBkWyBQdEBmtaazlYSyQTkYvu+yy8g70j3/843IsPO1t0KBBgwYNGjRoML+BzcfGZEPa6GMHspVHbQ8OjQlBDPkQ5qM1dq7sZMUxWwjAgMeDXLWd48h55RiET8krHb/ci3efc+1xHDg9v/jFL7pvfetb5Zp8ygTnoCPk2SpJQvIqJ3CqkzYZpB0cE/lT12CdQD0JQF3AMzxwuCa9wVIeZXDf5ja3KTuf3nn1NXWO4GabbdY99alP7Z71rGd1d7nLXYrjGRirD2Ya1IlmskAZec3Bypx3xdGbL5fr6+RPf0/W79LJJpzHH398d9JJJ5VXAHz0LfgaNGjQoEGDBg0azG9gP7I1nXh1GpZvyVYeJaxxyCGHvH7Z/bQghi1D3j2i7WZtvfXWxaCNI7QQQPvTQZxVjqddO8fBHSPmIFgcwJfwTQe7rx1MgIdZTHDc+U53ulP3oAc9qOTL0Wf545wCeNIHcXSlo8O9Y7bSlZdnsr6x+3zWWWeVHf3HP/7x5Thu2qcsHKE57QmEltrprfM3+NcA11f62IevHvKQh3R3uMMdyvHfxz72sd3973//cgTeh86siOE7fpKv9PvKBosi3ku220suLfJ86UtfKh+wytFtbQKRT3IwkbzJr30cah/BUm7zzTcvH/+6+93vvhxfgwYNGjRo0KBBg/kLbEB2I3+FnXmf+9ynu/3tb19swVH5EUM7wHFqGOSMeL/9i1gGO0N9oRiu4QGHl4Pw05/+tDgEfs7o85//fPm4jw9KcSp1bFYzdK5ydtTECxwK+bx/+73vfa/77ne/W3YAfQ2XkyCP/HhbCwM80uJwutpF9iI551VZfSS/NCFlB0GacnaffYHtyU9+cvkqsfixnF9h8F4+zo+QMkkbr96FBPqKvOANWSA3nr3s7whwfvgbz/ArDq98FjUcmV7ZgGa7tI5q2/nl8Frgef/73999/etfL+8vk7UsiGkXut1ry3ggXXvIuYUAC2iPe9zjypevlZuobIMGDRo0aNCgQYO5D+xBPk58ygc84AHdRhttVGxE9m9s4WFhJFZlDHRHNDlJtqsZwAvJaMUDgZPJgf3Yxz7WHXrooeULZhwFfOFIeq/zve99b9kR1olxbBI8w2EXTYf7EvBWW21VHI26893Ly8FwFfBcvH6QR16fEOd4EyY/M2MXGn3SlJ0I4mhzrDnaaWNAnTXAJx1u9TgWqzwIjUKNYyEDXhgj+KbPDHYLH1/+8pfLjmryZJGE0+sqrj4OvbIg/YZOMsRJ91vVFnq8+48+fZ989XWyPscDzr+2wfOXv/yl1OFZaNCgQYMGDRo0aDC/gV3sFCx797zzziu/BsLeHDUM7aHGSeJwcXgcmf3a1762/NjtQgJOojZzNDkEdrOe+cxndi972cvKZ7x92dbu2H//938v/7iRoLM5Djqbo8CJjTPLGeYYeB/Sbq74OARxiuJ0BJ97x53t0umLz3zmM2UH2k8pudqdVg6u8SAOizqELGaIH2thI/ldyYFda/X4kBFHpna2Q/9CB3zUx+TGONKP7g18775yNDm6kSuAd/qNXIwHcHkXF77Ig/42TiMjCQF5EiYCuOOo+lDXQQcd1B111FHlN6sjK9L0t/rHkpXxQBk/BXX66ad3H/zgB7tzzjmn1FXLToMGDRo0aNCgQYP5CexQ9iOb9Stf+Up34IEHdp/4xCdKPJt5VDCSLVpGMcPXkVm7Vx/5yEeWG9sLBbSVk8LZ83M2ji97f/H5z39+OcZpB9fx0Kc//enFsbEri2dZQODUcHQ4DDpZPMMfTg6Rj4rpeHHqkk9+IY6LwNHxFV3HrhctWtR99KMfLe/wOkbgfdIHPvCBZYceDYMQHKkjcbUD4jmQ/EL638e6OC4//OEPyy53doGlu2rXQpKLiQDf8EMA+hqfLHTc5CY3WS5TcZQ5w+Lkl288qB1roAz5Eq9s3W8rCnD4KAF8FnQcfT7uuOO67bffvrvHPe5Rvl5eO+u5z3U8kM6pp/R8EOxWt7pVOUWgnZOVbdCgQYMGDRo0aDA/gC3IXmX/OUVrM41/M0oY2gFGHGcKsYxVBPqK7UQ7VPMVOBR23ji3HJB73ete5V3oOCKcg0033bSk5avOHEROBSfTR4U4FvDEIfDS9yabbFLS5RMvXVlX+cVxNrybaefs4IMPLo6vl8b32WefsivvCIEdYbvPjmV7t/izn/1scbYE/ceB1X92sOFTH6cV/eLRIJ804F6wS0c41WP3zo6zd5x9zOl2t7tdOc6N1uBosBTiIObIumc8wks7+OIpADzDP+BenwjjATzKKpO87sXDp88812EqoLy8TjeQH8+3ve1tS/DxKrvATjiIR6erAMjSZCAPuSH3xhG542xP1NYGDRo0aNCgQYMG8wPYjTkCzZZkH/ObABt2VDCSHWDAMI6jx8BmzMb4nU8wltMQQ19HcULtfvpyL2dXPvGcRDzhsDLqrWjYmf3mN7+53NjntMiTfMBvxFpgkMeOGGdAXfKHx3adP/nJT3ZveMMbys6vr+e6twOtfsJjF3qnnXbqtttuu7ITrC7ON2edY+yItTh4N9hggyJ4IO8Mp41Ae/RxnDVHnTlE2sPpVc8TnvCE8uI6hyh0alPa1WApH/FWH+ERx8+CiT7H/wz+XIG+zKLHZAAveVEe/5XRv4K0hEDdx2OBvNKdZnjhC1/Y7bDDDkUO4H/EIx7RPfrRjy6LPPKIWxEIHXhAwRkfoXtFcTVo0GD+Al1o7qn1FT0EoicbNGjQoMHcBTYhW5i9S8/7jhL7cJQ6fiQOMMOat45IO1ee4/QsBIgjIXB07ZAx2h1jZcxnotZxVjE4mHbMfGH5He94R/fWt7617NjmyCfeAbg4KyZ7HxrizMAnwMX55PDa0eWE2il25Np7x94/VpddZULjy7p2kx2l5pi7ivdBLsfWL7jggvIBJg48WtXrandv4403LkdS0SGom+PmiLOfrLGTzJnmBPlaNMeXI0cOQivwvFBkYiqAF1kQ0O8CvovDX7zOWAL4mDIWK6YC8JGD8J6MDu4ATxWUhwdOwVF/5S32PPe5z+123XXX0t/JG5hKPfIL5Aig2XPGTIMGDRrQi75lYT40P0bf0JF0BZ3ZoEGDBg3mNsTX4bf4GLBXN9mR8SdGAUM7wAiK08Ywtzt03/vetxjI4uczxLBP4BzY8XTk1+Rs19aErBPxw64WJ1bgbPoqtB1YTuiRRx7ZffjDHy47wj4EhJ9WP4KbMw0/x4eTasf3LW95S3GeCYSd3Wc/+9nld2STV73ZNU5fyCudg2on2K6dOMeX4fTCOceWk6Qch8RvvqITLrvRnGrHXe10K0dAn/WsZ3X3vve9yyoNupWFAw3oj9OkrlEK8FwGfcy5IyP4lePoAkPPkXSAb5xB/JSmL2sHcxDwG055jEn3vqosuIdPv+iHyFdgMrxo8H77u971rm6//fYrP33knXPvAvvQm0WZyHtwx5GdDOSNjJBzjrW4LAA0aNBgYQPd4rSSuZMepB8yp5jzxvq2RYMGDRo0mFvAFgR8G76O78zQ93yrUcFILEtEAc7PE5/4xBLARMb0XAVtqtul7QkAD+yYeg/akWAOiMk5DqF4zs2WW25ZnEvHoU3qPvHtp5O8w3vssceWrzXnaLTjy3Z1Te4+MHXKKaeUdO/XOor61Kc+tayOqEd+gaNEUPJeL+cbcCYYCq6+NOy3Vu3ePeYxjyntcoQZjT/5yU+KE6Jd8Not5tja4UcDR5khYmVml112KY6cvHA4DaBd6EWLuJpPQoOlgLfkwXvX+OpnhfS7EwJ4bPGB3ETuprKoJJ8+1v92ab2X7Se53vSmN5UvN/tt6un2A9z6Gh0WccihvrYIIg7d5BloW+5dPeceqD9GbBx24wQOtBtL5Cf5A/LDlcUAEPzBAzwL8lu0SXtTb/I1aNBgboCxy/m1CJy5Tpz5zDVjvEGDBg0azF2IrcmfcBLVqVV6ns4fFaxxyCGHvH7Z/bQAkYxthiaHidFqdxHh833nJhNuAh4wrDmdjjdzXDiOjG+7bxxLP3/E2fEFXTzyxVs7XQx/Rjxeep/W7/fCY0fNVZpdWE61XWY7vXZvfXlXGfXgfxwGtHB6v/rVry5/J9m7wekvjrm8nAh02BXmeNn9tQPN0VU+R9o5yz/4wQ/Kzq9+fdjDHlaOPHOY1R1+SIsxkji0hCb1S19ozgc+aDMe6OsYbpxf/e1Y39lnn13eoTV+OIB23JMPjy0oBA/ZUla65+zskj/95arffZDM76jpS8604/lk0eKLvvVb03Ei02+u4hyrBxY+gDrJir703rhj9U4RnHjiiUWm/eQWuc5xeXjQDacQ2sgZWfWsnegm5z4M52Nt6Mane97znmUxiYyCQblSB3yCZ3zAW/iTVxqAo6ZFG9TboEGDuQP0xRFHHFHGsEVbesRYz9inE8Q1aNCgQYO5DWxOJw7ZrXS/j6SO0nYb2gE2ETFkBYanXav8Bm4M3vkEJtoaYlBrq47iaGh7dko5EX/4wx+Kk+O4sF2zRz3qUWUHWD7Hxb0za5f3QQ96UEnzLq+O5uDgJSfG5K6M/JwWO77y4C+nhEAQFo5DHGFlPve5z5Xf5OXgPvaxjy3x6IVbsLqivF08Ds3d73734pSjW7rdOO9buarPO76+bm33Wdk4v+qCN8YIcJ9QQ51noUDkRB9ZEDGY81VuY4aTiq9+JstRcjySlxxxCPWPPgcZU+lrefHfooYyFk/OOOOM7txzzy3OLkcSXkdJ3FukIhcWO/S1lTU49QnlQl454UIWb8i3/jbGOc/o9tNaW2+9dTmRYGGHHHGA0aScZ/eMUrSpAw9AZBXtZNxYOeGEE4oTvNlmmxW6wid0kTNBOz1HjtP+8DZHvuVVX3iVMtqX56Q1aNBgbgA95LsXXjN60pOeVMaxse8K2rhu0KBBg7kPbDW63auh73vf+4r95mdcR+kAr9YboUOdGYrhyejk/L30pS8txDlq6ToqQmcLZMLVCQz0vKfr3vFV8XZm7fb6OBTj3o6YeA4B59XuKWcCb5QVQHZj5eX4wGn31w9Ac0jf+c53Lv9Jodr5CU3ZKYvT4dnx5jPPPLM42d4vjmMiP2chzkOCul2Bq3o5PHac9TPHgoMUZ6zB5BB+4qOje2SCc8qQ49B5t8FOqgUIO+p4/qUvfan0I3nhzHJS7eDrfwshdorJQAw/hqHxx7F1jJ7z6ng6Z5L8OTVA3uSzsOEYdL4AblHl8Y9/fKkfrfpZHrId+QhuzvULXvCCsuuL9j322KN71ateVd4FRqMrnJx2P8Olfk4zoxQubQJ4gX7H6B3RdlUfB/p+97tfkV/tsHBEdim+LbbYYrlOURZdZBkd4sg7+bVYECM47SHrwL00fEvbGjRoMDeAXjjooIPKOLcTDOgqYx608dygQYMGcx/YavT861//+vKxYL6ln3hlv41qkXMkR6ABg9RujfdXGbx77rlnmYwYpnMRtGusEAdRezkFHBETMIPesWcGuZ1dDkh2eBnvnN6HPvShZYc1u1PwMcIFeGOQO+oqTxwXx0sdj/WzRhwIxrx8yteCEKdAHOFxb/XErprdW1/pDX55a8egBnkEO9p2rbMD6Bw+3NK0U/0NJgd9C7zn7YivxSFOItnx/rZ35jl5no2X7Lwz9h7+8IeXZ84d59lOsb4D+iD9TBY5pRxnsuOjZFtttVWRQTj1m752NU7Fk0VH6n3JG36LMmQwssEhVbevhFvMcRLAB6+23Xbbklc6Z5UDqhzZdDLATi7nlZw5wow+NHkG6oSHs2xlDz0777xzWayx+y2/8WORRRsdj7aIQx7JMmPXApH3m/GUUw6HnW3jJI482i3WaAveAvf4kfHcoEGDuQN0qYVgr4fsuOOORQ/V85h5ii5q0KBBgwZzG+hyfhW7zilGvpS4UdluIzkCzQBm/NqtZNwzUDnAoHbQ5gqMx1yOgTbaRZXH5KvtjHHPfkqI0c5RZLiblPFCGMvRrAEfATwMdHXhnQnfB6k4H5wEjkTSlamFwbN7IU4XB5iDgAbOlvKCPMoOGguhg0P0tre9rXyh2s4xw8J7xJxyefR36m0wMTDQnAiI42sQ6wsLGn6SirzE6eQkcuQsWJA1Tp9g59eOqv4iZ+KA0wF+BssXvB1LpiT8BrN3w/3cFrnTT+SUTOg38uOeA+ur7WRVWe+LO47NgXQEWR12WTi06ueg7rvvvkUGvBNudxq9ntXL6VYO7fKTM6ciyK7j3WjgzP77v/97oRdwwpVzlDoLMxlXjlhzoOHz6gA5tlPMmYXTO8doNj58GAdN6LXrrE345OvUPtDFMQd4jAegGcsNGsxOyDwm0An0gWBR0IkRC4NOzgA6Lieb2nhu0KBBg/kBbFW2ne/X8CnZcuaDUen5oR1gwKg0+diF8S4fIn1dWNxchPEcO06D3TLGtyOePhalYziL2a2148vZBBzF7DaZvKeyGJAyOll+V7tcvrbrZ444B0mPIAi18wukuff7wujUF095ylOKkxCnKOUCKesqj/eSHcnl+PrgFcdDsPruneIGkwP+4ld2UPXB7rvvXo48kxd81jeu6Reywnm0C8pJE2fH1PgKcPLge8973lN2hjmQdma9563POLfkhAwJ+joylXgONkeVE6qPOZoczOOPP77U58gzWhx55vzmg1lOBJDD7KqKU5+rkxCcXbvPjizTDRx/R66NHe+jc7a977733nuXd9453GgxbrQVndqvLLo5r459ayOZVM+nPvWpsnigrjvd6U6lnPJvf/vbyzv0dJC2nHTSScs/piVP7QDjZ+4bNBgE8jJWMA9E3wIymrQGowF6JzyOzjJW6Uo/iUEX+aZB+K4PBA6yvA0aNGjQYO4Cvc7W47OwT72GCdjJo4Kh3WhExohksD/vec8rnjojgSE718EkLGgL45nh/cY3vrH8DqqP/zjSevTRR3fHHXdccSAY7slrQg4O/JgIBo0oZUCeGQQ1PwfzSouz41kanMoJ6mfwc1wAQ2EsqPE6qspZcayW48L4EAhk6GswMeAlR9eRZsfg7c5yOvWJwY2PeXdVf3kmO8o5TWCnw8deHDW2A/qFL3yh7Mza4eWAin/ta19bxh2DUN+QgfRz5E6ccQqvehmJZFWQlyO5ww47FGfT4o667LCiDd12Z8kMOdMeeJx80K60h3wZA+rkJKuTg+uItx0a+DiiThW85jWvKXXCFV6oS9sj5+4dY4YP7RZdHN32ioUd9Z122qn8DJi22+2WT/sdrXZshsMNh0Wq0F7LrXpnO6BXu4TQ7j480obE4+EwoE+FmkcWNMTho/jkEUB9P59gojZFV4P0D97jUYPRAN1R60Pjl34R3IuPnEY2QXN+GzRosBAhc5EAcj9X52c2DvvGt2Wc9mEDag87cVQwkn1kHjnmM5Kz8+M5RtpcBW2og/YwrBk7DO/Xve513W677VZ2r/7zP/+zHNMkbPJlogbiskgwHshTG1aDEIOgBs+JC69TPsYDJwWI9/Elu5GA0aBM2haQL4HzwZGxsGGXkbNCAHNUtcHUgaPpPV0fviIvFhLIhF1LfYuv6YssNOiD9NEjH/nI4jzbOXUUWjrH1O6nHU9OqH7S7/DGWIx8uI8yFODk3AD1G8N2ceW3Y3rMMccUJ9VOc3Z39Tunu6bNMWVGJ1xo4JzCkRMC0uwef+QjHymLR34z2se8HPsG6CCLHFh0qEMc/BxzdYHauXO02bvpZFld2mWBxpUDTkHaAYbX+/PyhRcZh/Lqk9kI6SOATu2IkR++577WMaNy6OFRH5zhl370jB510g3yLUQ9QI4E/Mg92W3O1+gAL/E0gRzSDfSlBS3zUuQvOgQsRHls0KBBA/MRXZh7Ng+bM3FzEcytTsB6B5gt55ktOKo2jcQBjnFq8rHL4/diGdSInQ+A2WG4zrAd7x1OH7WyQ8egN2EzDgX32u5euRiNkwGhFUDdweIY6wyBTPDS1RGhV0fAc/BwyjkRBgMHxG4uWhgTgwZz6hfg5pQwPBgX6kWDtnnm6DSYGhgfHAaD2JF0z/hrV9Q40RdxKvVdjD73CRw7x4D32muv8lNUnjm/dmq9I6Es51Q/6SMhDp7y+jE4IzfZLXbPgSVDnF3v6VrwyBfA7bZyKuH2HHzeVa7pc4Ursh5ZRQvlZWeZ8w/kw4fUqWycXXR7zr3ydbvIpbrR5f1fO70+dmUhwO64ozIcd7vk5FRZMqvdNYQ/sxXwQP+QD8E9wPu0RRvwEuQ6DKiTXohOVxeAW1/hY9LkdR/nYz6CNtaBLAnjxTcYDZDBzGlkL3OOBV3fG/DaRuSOjGYRfnCMN2jQoMFCAHoyth1g+3uVrfYN5hJoB/vitNNO6/bbb7/yMVZzgI2RtHFYGMlsEUfKBPTud7+7EMxQnQ9QGzmYzoCPgc7g4dgwutPeCJtOEuc5eScD+MfqWHGcg9QRXDGIgToGQTn1243jbPnwkK/p2hFTdjwHQDkDiVHB2edw+FiS466MDgOLQT6TwOHitMfI4XihS5yreH2hfYI4YTYCPuI1Q82Xi0OnfoxsJdQKTB95Dq/h8O4b5w/oDw4w3tTjzXj0rN5AcNWAntTlmr6lZOzmcoA5l+qz86I8Z3UigEc+9QU30Efw6z8OsrbLIyR9IkBr8vhStJ1wDvVb3/rW8uErPLKrTM7tjJMfH+SC38mFAIWaugf5MVtAO8lC+Bcn01WQ5honQZq4ur+nA+kbshPdpR5xqVc8XpNFOin9N59Bu8lMgn4ZK0hrMBqg02JX4C0ZtNBnAZqc+t1xp2l8Fd5YN5bNxV7b0V8NGjRosNCAHhTM3exDDrC5ey4CPc/GMA/4jhE/i71hPhgVjMQCzOTjakfGEUVEmsRmI9QT5OBkyYhJnGsMG0LE+HPP6TD5CnZVfTmXg+D9yTiVMRzlVy7vZI4HEVI8BDH2AUEAWfkQQot8rsoFR1bDHRPz4SDPPoykP3wUyJFUR0gBXMoK7hnTAF5Hagndr3/96+IYcaQ5Inb7QudMQGjKVVu0zS6iIx0AfWgN7SAG02wD9OXosHGiv9KHw4CFDMZf7czBK0wGlCNnET1A36IxzrqPuqETT8UFZ+RjPDAOyEjKuoqDj+NqjESpqVs/6t/JeCF/xpP3iP1esHdDOOtoczwcDjvk2Y22cOPItY9loQHIq07yJM9sBG1FX8Y2nmt7fdUO1/APDOsA4x9Z0v+u8ItLfK5kDR3kR/3i5zPgr6AvXOlj404/hf94Mt/5sDLBXJe51JHnRYsWdQceeGD5voj517y7//77d6985SvLR/Ys1OkHp2JcQa4NGjRosFCAbWCuckLOSb74BXMNtIFNYzOG/Va/fjcqGIkXgyAGgCvjk2GEeAaBq3hBRzAe8syAcI1BF+OCUZF4cZ4ZHKkr5QRHojhn7hn1vozLCTcp2jJPPsBocx9ccKMpNAJGuXprA1m6Z220G0aofJXZz898/OMfL06Z+NoARbP8AphsMpYfhI46fwSY8QnqNsnnXlrK5Bn/HQXleDAo8vNMjqkfdNBB5WeO7EjiG77jqzJocaTUirvjsJzg2lkB8s4kcKL0kzq1x86jn2Oy6CBeOgOJA8QxJgfh4WwD9FtM0AaySp7wURuGAbjIBuUwKA+TQQxMeVPG+NDfZAc/7Zw6AUA2BGBsTAToIRvGgqBP4PIVbEas8Wm8kLPIGn5M1nfyoEv9ZPjxj398+RmpV73qVeUjYBxgO5O+WE1Rahun/iUveUnZLY4DjOfGJDozrmYbxAHVL2jFR7wCaDY2gXzaI0ylzycD9ai3Bv1iQdP3A3J8PaAvat05HyH6DrgXOFvCz3/+88IX+tPiIl6sakBfPZZCMzCGM6eG1qnQnDzBk+foDvODK/zk08Jc8o4HyspLpujwxMFNnwtwCG9+85u7gw8+uOgjH570037nnntuOf1hYc1XoX2L49hjjy1zM30DT3QVHLN5vDdo0KDBKCB6l90Q53cqOn42AnvZnMDOZfNn8X+yuWVFYCQOMAYzqE1mDDWEYjyDNMaRSZnhayvbtrwGMbbki9GVvBopwJVJ1b2J0uTKUDPJycPYFeC3E2uCPOOMM4rz6zdIOXjokjfOKFoZ6YyWGMTaII5xDTjxaFS/9LyniFa7WAzro446qjvkkEPKD/Krx8+upHO0XT0xXIcRQnwJjeERUJcgTZCW+tGJZj+Lc8ABB5R3lTnAfkbGjhgDwor6f/3Xf5WjrugUGHPq8REhx8nwHL/xSby+CB9mClJHdpgEMnX66aeXd5jFay8HQH9pp6v+S/tnE6AJfWSCPIXGyMZ0geGJL1bI6r7Hm8kgzk4tT2j0USvyTQ70v91/Y0davuw8ERgz2VVGB5qMP98F8LV0v1tsYSX9l/E3GS/kkx+QB2PeEefIM96SG3k4vtonTltyBFo59AtjOXuzBaKr0EhHGauf/vSni16z82XxzUKFfCB9qP3DApzBiz9WkfWZL2tz+MgbIA94XcvPfAKyQpbJr77AW/zw9X/vI/m5rRe/+MXd61//+iLXvglBxpVbFZB60UnHAH1TywRZSt9qV9KjN8YCafII8tMLee/eb3BbjCEL0vBH/jxPBHS4/MaxsY8uZcUZr8auL97vscce5ZcI8Ntc5d1fi4m+X+Dr8n6yjYNsDrDAxlFmG7A1IqtwizOXTdTWBg0aNJjLQL8J5iw6jx6dTBfPVog9z85jx5kbMn+NCkbyO8AcI5MYg+F73/te2XH01VrPJsM4UcA7OyZORrA4E5nJW2dl5yhGsRBjmrGlDvhMniY8kzID3YTsd0Z9CdZOrInRz6+ol+Fm10l+EydhiEEDn3tMVU+MYvEYz5BAL2NTeTQwduCx08TQ1jloshPsY1g+xKMO5WvBcz+RIOKBegNoitPpXcfzzjuv/A4wepMvwo5m8TWoS3vsfDkKygG2a6ZvxCvnim/Z3VFXdonxgwGBv9qpbX67Vh649RX6ZgLUoT3ahRa0Mrze//73F8PGzwJZXMAzfSJ/5GOQD7MB8Or8888vR/c4Efvuu2+RJ3Rr43TBgosPazkW6OSF/qrlYyKQL/LonqyjBZ1o9K6xsUN+ttlmm+JkG6MM1ol4rL8yjuVzr6yFK33mSL6fboJX+/Vh6JhofIDIO9zaqL2RfeM5uORxXzvX2qc+9/IIE7VjVQL6wztOwAknnFAcX/1B12WRiu7B0zgo9K12KZd2Bl8dpMsL8E+/qs+9MsY+3nnWb4ceemh59/IZz3hG6X8nSI488siyMus4OlxC+I0Wute9foBHnRww8pF+kh4aZxvgLx0cOXaPd3hBJ/rpLXON+QsP/Ga2n/XyBXXtXdmA//oc3Xia/g//w2/yEr4Lg7IyFkgz51pwc2roYx/7WJmPfE/C8WSLUOrAK33P6NLXnsfDi67wVv2h0VxnLuXUWvBRJyfYnE5nKueqP9AOhwWwBz7wgaXtXu0hn45Ce0UCbnWYH7R9onY2aNCgwVwFuq2eW/lZ7EI+CT0514DNlrmK3cFu5AjT5aOCkTjADANEmvgYBb7CivHABJRJ1iSXBpkgHWm1S6tzlNOwTIrKAHnFuzLUTLDqs+NqAjZJclBNgFbh/QyTiY/TxmHj+Fk1Puecc0pdnIZ6wmVEu8YwYPy5wsnotOvIuDChKuMjX4w4DjbjkFOjHT7KYSeYAQSfEL4AOCcCgouugHZ6NqkzCjgmz3zmM5fTDuCX7hq+CuIE+eCJUYJuRvOjH/3o8rta6mRM44u2agMh8/uz8nJc9IOv6Ypn7GmzumbSmEh7yIIFCB9Vswum7zhnfgsWT+w+xMgRGOTonim6pgtkDG8tNDj9sPfee5e26SN0T5deuzCcomc961ll/DAK8S3yMRFELiJ3eI4mu7w+IrXtttsWZROZlidO0USyDKf2xhmKjHKgyIyxSJ7gkZZ0tIsbjxfyRSGmrHGJZmXEo5Gcw5d2oUNeMBntswXQLtBx9A25fspTnlJ0mbGr3dK91+8IKN55Dh+iO9PeOAtAPnHy4qfxAvBRvvBTfs90L2dEvG8HAPqO7rWIwfmwYweP+tDmqg/EqU8/iINL3e45Nu6lzVbAB7S6Rv4sgFoc8jN4Xg+woOhnyezQMzSywLiywZjDS/xWP7oj96Ffn+B5DekfecaCyAtZcHrLz/2ZB8ii9tudfdzjHrd8/pTPmHNyYKLFMnVmnMpjYdNRe68u+ck0dTjW/O///u9lAQ4u7YJbWznB5CtHpc1Z+W10cxp9a9yQTeXQNRvnhgYNGjQYBdBt9BygUy2Wm3N9wDbz/FwCbWBPaBO9Tr+bZ+jzUenxkTjAJqRMdAx8k1t+QsfklEkR0ZwqzjEjQh5xdh/tHHNuOKB2WLN1D1eMEA2X7qdk/B4vHHYlHvOYx5R7+Uyo6mScoYnRwkhkxJsM7Uw4NuUYofow1HFf9AFlTfTeJ1LeyjPjU1kTqt1kToIJniEID2eM0/CIRzyiOGQRNkZkjAt4J4IYIgE8015GAvycnZ133rnQqZ0AzvA3PALKcESkZfKHH0/UYTXfvV16QoXX2uzIqz5h1MJnVwOv7BJ7tsPB0Yphmz6fCUibGDhW9RlH6GP4bLfddkVm0GH3RTu1i2xksWQ2gb7gwBsb3svgsGoHutGa/gTaLR7UPM69/PC5NwYc+7cwYswoB1eNbzxQ3tjAN3IdAzZjxTi9293uVugh+xSR9ITxgOyRUfSmXyx26TuLSe4tUpFL7cjYEKLYxgryokX/ap+xJT/80tQnX+qUJ2WB54nonk2gLdp38sknl90s7zfrY4tQHCx6xk46+RcsDBoPrtppbAPj3IJV3SfS9YEJJfzBL7Ig3ZUspD/gdOzXM7klC2TDlf7gBKFBemQD7ehBBxxoAHSvuuSJzKFnNgKeDcoMmt/5zneWhdWddtqp6EqOmrHs1RuGhj7KXLIyAa14i/fqT99qh6B/BgNIn40HysKjHy0i2521EGIu4vB/5jOfKYvB6oxekhf+zOFjgXRp6CZjvqdBP3BcLWZ7tYicW8gmPxnT5FMbyZy6yHHwkcv73ve+ZZHIvOH0BJm2YKqf3CszHk0NGjRoMFeBXqPjXOk5C+j0t00HdtNcAzrdnGJuMO+aXy10xoYYhR4fiQMc45hT6IMUdkWt2poIgUZkUtRBOoMjxYjSKJOcY2WcYI6OiU5DGUzKgnQoh0x5x2B94IkR4lk+k3B2Ok2U6mO0SJcmb4wWq8T5SQXHfjGTc2I31DtvaPJFWQYnerTRBGuylhZjjgHoeLCv0nIiGXUmZcY63DEC4tCNB/giPZ0qP54RYM4vJ9jvH2pH8MSwYRBEKBKvvCvQ/hgO7vGHESw//nMotQGvOLvqiDHBseIQb7HFFmVHUB50ZZDNBMAbYwUdZIG8ONJht8VOP5rsZusL9MqLLnyYbYA+cm3BhVPAYPSuLZnCRzTrx4wPbRGv/+RxFSedjNn51i+OHxoz+QCUfBlzkaPxgIOiXvIQvjHifViG8Xn44YeX3S47fXZ7LOzIZ5Eh/T8WoNNYhJ+MpW0WySx8oZvhjCfaykmTZswoOx6kPri1UyDH4sk2UBecNc8mwjmbAf3veMc7Sh/vs88+ZRID2quNCRZWPvjBDxY5sFD029/+trTZWNUHdBndmuPS+s+3C+gHepDOc7KCPpRXMM68z2qMwWVHTln6h87Wn3BaINFvdKGTCHSD/uQUWRzkGFpQ0S/q49wYB+LJMF1qfEdmZxPgba2PtVnb/JQcuXMygnxbgHJaCM8sEK5KBxhkLkAvnoO0I3zO2AApNx7gA3zyWfz1EUILWBYe9aP2WwgxruEXMu5q/g2CeHlc8e+YY44pDqtn39ewyGBckxG48VybgHs6o6atDsa/E1tkVFst8tI9+k/fjEdTgwYNGsxloO/oQLrVHM5esqHBPpxrQL+bT3xA1at+/D32P52fuWNYGIkDjCATrwmHp87IirMWQk1e7jXKFZigOQSMIA6BiU4cR5qhxKgw0YrnmHl2dM4RaxMknJkEMxGqixDoeMY9/OIZaegRx3ATGHWO2JrEfVzJ5M4B3nLLLcvOL8c49Mdgf+hDH1qOfNl19hVazowVZo618gTNjrLJOzQBtCYEJzpd4dVunc1oVSZCLJ0xSZjVx+DEa/jTRjgjFEAZz7UxwmgQglPb5YFDnOOU2ssYsfPEmLbiz2jQr9IE+ZVl7MIH16gBX4B2qYPzC/CXU273C4+1L+0MD2YjMJTxkGFGdhnJjEdGHPmMvOoHcqbvyQQQHx57746TCpdxwRm2MLLDDjsUZwavlA2uifom8qJudaLxuOOOK7gtdlgUsbiQd/zglz8yNB5kgcSYFuD3QTpOl7Hm9EROEpBdNKafx6NXuqBdApBXG1yNh1rWgXrdZ/zNJSAn9BxdSk6e85znFB0oXpsiLxbwHEn17QMGP3665wxbmKOT3vve9xbHxbixkGQ3zc/HcGR9HZteUY+xbpceDjxzsgVvTZ525jjQviGgTy3IORZND1jMQKNdYjrDMX+vpXhPlO6weKIM58biqPeZ0e1dUk4zZ4pzMpFMrQrAY3yITOK3OIsFjv26coZNzvpFMK7JtvG0ssH4QKsrujmOFjXoF/1gvjBGpOG1sVPPxeOBdkW/OsFCTny/wzg3V+lzfWz+zhgMoCf8G4Q6Hi/NOXZt6RnfujAfWjyJ3IduR6XNseRUG+TTttSln+gDuitzhblN2SxGN1h1QI4CrS8aNBgtRP8bWxac6Udz0lx0gOl37WH3W9hn85pjo8dHoT9GYnXEmGZUmfwZNDHgNUBagnRXxMcA1mGMM7vGdvdMWnYw7EbYkfK+FQOLY8wwtxJgss1EGFBX6mOcBcQx0oD6PKN11113LR+zMoETFgaNfFb37XgFX0CdBIohxLCAS11wZYeLkcCZ0E60cbzlDzAcxMGb+NAEwh84GDH4yOm1GyN/+KXtgnoHDY/gDq1AOWEQGBcMGjit5L/sZS8rDhWj4kMf+lB5t80AwnM8xR841TkWvlEA/IP8QZ+jcQxudCQuTlDkbTYCx8JOm37E4zj0HAP8Z7TpP+3RDkH7XaVZ/HEkn1OhrY77M245v/LpC7LGiQTh20SgDNzpQ2PL18DR+PKXv7x70YteVD6uBS/HG53qSv7xQJvIsHzyK6/Nr371q8u4dtKAc6bfABlmrA7iVVaoZUH74FcGbyzWkF1ynvrCS/WqYyq8mG1At9ARAsdCe7VNfOTEvf6Xx+kT49ZPQnFSrZZyOMMHPME35fAQv+gXOPU7JxivvOpBH9KL8FtskU8daOBYKCPYwYWHHIknI5wjDjOHevfddy8nHiyo5IvBFg85wBZaHvCABxRH2Gkh9M02iDxlLKIRT8wNvp+gvXS5hV4OG95bOM0YXNlAX5N1/eFqIQLfLUab2wQ6w3OtX1wngoxlbaV/6QRjztzg/XS6OOMRLs62+sna4JiuAR3kR37j2MIYeTWXWrixqIyXcIqP7HGKPZv3yCW9RHbVJ1770YwmNkUWV9A3F3XBsKDN2k5+han0+coCdAyGBg0aTA+Mn1rnGuv05lzWe9Ht2uBe++j+UemKkS27I87kg7hMiOkME5CQ+0yOaZjgmXNltdZxPzu0dioYYIw5E6KdEO8FMebkT1hRUIbRjRZHnBl+eZeNgWNSlxbcYXYEbJD54ky6aHZMmyOhbfKlbQIepRNB6mAE2GljjDJUfO2YgWHn5Q1veEPZUbFzw0iAj/GAz+owqQVPeBlI/YP01sDhsZsKFzqssKjfT05k90Z/MP4YG3HQ44TOBMCPT+gmR57tPnsH0W5kFjPQLA3IN1vByhXHneHoNyy9u0tO9KMAtIVBGANF++W3+28RgjNBvpw84BQ5saAPLExwqJVnBEcuJgOyFt7FuGdc4i2ZMBbsVqvTGORITQUvXGQuyteVXoDbKp4FIoExzqhOXm2PnLoOBrKWe7ujdp7sbvoa8YknnlgckowFPMg4ILP1mJgLEH7gdxya6A3t0T7p+tBuPf2lz/SdPiMXxjJ+yKdv7awF4qSRF30LjHW7seTUghc8nCh6SdnoAHgFfKYL9KHFnThKFmfgME4t4Kkf7ZwcugW9dvXszsljoXMqcrWyIfo0jlf6gBNvHvLzck9+8pPLu8D4ZQfeOJwpnTgZcAYj/+THfMEBpkOcwDCHkpd6bKSNUwH9qG/JmndsvXZBN3D6yQU8+BR5nQz0eQJ7QTl0w6UtGetojJPtPnHkLbqKbtJuaSB58UOAVz3BuVAAD6Lj027PgrRVAeodrDv9spD6pkGDmYB6bNHD0X9zFbSB7SjwDen9zDWjgJE4wJlgGFYmRAZBJrTJQB6TayZNRgZDwpE7zig8JnMOqhVdk51JfBgGqE+Aw2RgEnXPGWEUitMeIF5AJxoJmOd0giBO22M8msRrI9VRP44Mg1I+6ZwghrsdEQ4uR9exQO84u3rvztFFOyfo0X5H7xj6oZ9wZ7IPhI/oJyz4V6eH5rTBMVrt9qweOONgxzljdDvuFr4zmhnBqWvUgHa0COE5o9mRTQsh2oVO6TWgbTaCvnJk//nPf37hnR0yR0j1LT7GURS0Cd8dF3YiwQ6a9x587M3VMUE7ytpqJ4oRjjeRS+MH/+o+HwuMMXwE6COXdu8sNKifrBoLaOK8oEMcGZgI0KBvlOUckRu0cKKkOc7it1N93dUxW06SdGUG+8+zkLGGT3YNLQhYKALqcFLEuPGldLIamZ+MB7MVtIGes/hEfzj2qY+0R9vojzwb/xwBZfQVPulLafJkjOIdx0LfSrMAqCx5IQf6Hm7lySDHVLo+p3/hlK5fBeXgFuhqV/lzVN6VbJNXCzZkSN9zHp0I8LVfdRkP6J5toA34pJ2u4Sm+4aXdbvR7lscYNI8M6qSVBZxEY0g/GKNodRzeR6s4v+Yg/YNObYn8aIMwGaRdyhnTTmKRTxCZgY8seY4sjgfywRV5Vt4VPzP3ThfQATd+CO71WdIWCpAFfVDbAqtKPscD9A2GBg0aDA/GEj1MD8xVQLu5xglCdsOwc8MgjEQbYrSJxdGll770peUY81R3CClkjYriyyRqcnXFAAYeI8okZkKLMTJdMIFn9wnY5Ygh5p2u7HCoA13yJaRe92iJ8WZycdyK0+54n10uO7iOifmYjethhx1WdnYZtD5RLu6II44oRw19bIhR6DiiHRW7ZY5hc5pe97rXlZ/OYcDYQeQYM4wZvegJTeFloE4D2pKAfler+PiLH/Kim3OmHu1wJNJuEIOW06ScflFmpiZTfGXEaUtkQ1vViwforPsCMEJnK6AZvZx3g9mHxxwhPemkk0qfW9jAf3LNSXGCwHuc7jkXVr/wg0yQHX3mI3B20RyNVw7EyEnfTgTK4Kl8eKwuVztGPmLkmCql4514Cztod1IgdU0EaCAfjG2BM2dsvP3tby+yrE2+MG5ccIrIMtpreUJXHThhvogMhzJ4+OIXv7h8MMfigHFoYcHpBfwzhpUbVlesCiAv+G3RJO3W9xYL9BN+cWQ5C5x+ziWekxHfTtD/2RUjO3Qp3emZ84onnA1X+fCJDgz/1cV50id0UPQDHssf/Qiv/kWTuqMLpXF8XcmYI/zmAzjIkPnBEXv95Ui8emYbkBn0R6/EEQb6hJ6MoylEfleVrHG+9bG+Fzh9dIVj8uRGH0efAnKA/slo1i7p4YN5Ek7P5IAe0+/BG1C/OscDOOl5QDbIozg0k+2Jyk4GZE4wJjIOtFXAm4UCtX0yCMPwd1SAhjospL5pMD8gsrsywFiOXo3+pINjx4kzhuhP+cSz283z8okD8qW8OWNl0b+ikPmBveuEGltDm8w9dPooYCQfwTL56RyMZNwiFIMHJ8WxQEMSlBfyDAcHgbPIEXMEq06bLqCLURf6OMSOidnlMmky0BiXgdTlqu4a0k5XQTl47OL6uSbGKePfjop38+z8xii1A6ZuQqic95/8/qpjro6ZcaY5n/JKI8wxhF05ygSCgEco0ICHhF2fjMWr8BkYLMqiw/t4fg+YE+TjXrvsskv5eSc4MvDQymBxP4h3VKCOtAtv1Y1OdHhWd9qW9o3VztkCaMVjtDsqybHxZVI8d7SZ88EgjSPAoXCvv/HBbjBDThly5Ei1K7zyxekNj9xHJseD5EEXRcOAhotMWWAhC44pc1iMPXmdFnDV/+oZC+BLvQxOfZk6BA67j8jpQ86beuSBzxVoj3aTcekcWuOGM86J4vg7rmvBDQ8Yz+rAJ23gnFhIAngoTnvxGG2C+sXleTYBeccDfcKRxAOOh3ZxTH20z7PxQW9lfDgW7lSJhSo/m2SRAO/wRVn8w0e75yYUR5LtqMPhuKw+IJNwcFrx2HcZvHsOv9dP6DI4HMF3nNmpBEfS6Q1ym+PY+lbdvqQPl0ULfUV3kQP6lx60sKl/5hI4hWNRwomU/DYheQKrSp7Uj6/kxhi1c+/jUt4P1w/GlnFnPKBPXwDjZryxXAOc6qAfLNZ619w8QS7MUZnzAdzyKjMeL8SjV/3kxmkY+NBv7nHcTfnpgPakLDrUBS85G4+e+Qh4mz7AhzqsKj6MVy9dDCaSmQYNViawX4yV2vaMzRCbRZo4afKCmZLfjBH11mNZ3ehxnzS0O/lDB9jAMN8COjf54KOr3QuzDbRB27z6aW5g59kc0CY8HgWfR+IApyMYT95ttNqQ42CTEZmGCDqj7iCBA8yA89uDjCVMkW8YRWkyrOsDjlUy8B0BtbvG6QQ1fRGS+jltRLMrY/R973tf2dXl6HhHzK6f7Xvv0XF4dChHl5GYlRkLBz4SxPlmdDJOxWmvdEYWuhm1jkNzDhg4jE/GsHYQcnnQ5JmAhz4BpK8SOFYMakewGbEWGRjPMXaVqxUAo9s9B2WYPpgMtJnBkrYQ+rQtBpa6B9s3GwGv0J/+MIjJgr7Eb+3jiDjarM34qk/thkhjXHIcHVPlNGS3BA8iy+6BeqbKk+RzhcduH2OWcevjPhZAyKN4dXI4s3A0GW4AZ4xOZRLwwemCfAHYAoAdb46ZsYFfdpn8vI/dcbKuz70zamwaJ5w8dMNF+auDnDLw5eW8w2eRiU5yZNUYspCEpnpszDbQh8a9cW6HlI7wCkUWDMiJcYgfZET76C5t5ORzQukcOlg7OUMcUI6o8Y4HxrdXSuC04AEn/Q2f47LkbM899yw70fQDB1oZjgm9wwG0aOdZP3OK9K13Q/WB/PqVzMqPRq+HoMezY+v0pAUWTqT2zBUgj8arRQTGhfGs7cbqqpIp8gLIjmD8WCwxli3CGhMcS7oEjcZAdPlEEL2ifWTL6QOLH2TBQq/+JKPwAvnVJf9EvBCPX67GL2ONXJBJsjvMu+Hwkmdyb4faPSc7c+hsHPMzBfqDPrVwKNCR5ta6j1YmjMX7yJjrqho/feWIW05L11/wCC3C8vhlsJBkaKECPUKXRgaMF2Mp+hO4RqdIM7bkmyn5IJORRbSB0EcXsxUs0JrT+TTGu3bQfeYp9CqHTmXQvrJ1wFQBbSCv8ZgT2KKjtN1G6gAzchxrNOEydjB9MubWRoOG6WAgzqRusoXPSjajN5P2MEKmHHojsIw1x5VNloxGP4GkLvnUFfpSrn4WANoFRoGjrQTtgAMOKO9pMmQZnXZLHJ9jUDIg8Iuj7avLPqrCSWYMogFd8MWgYbgCVwYmx4mzjnYr/PJzJuCr6asnuQwckHvvGnM08GLfffctDg+86lQOXgNHvZwK/aMPauUwalCvAD9Qx+BATbtmov5RA9rRqz2uAmA06kc7upyJKDc8Z2zqT/JgLOkTfA9PIhvhCT7keSp8qdNzr7wxS/44vIJ+ly4E73T5Thmn/QI5tpvLiaDYjAfyzJGzI2lxh0HMqTJefIVWPnzAJzjQyllDt0UDfLNwhK+MdfnUCx85zo4dmE4bVgagmSOKPjJATrTJjiM+7LzzzuUqDv+cKuBI0i9OjlhYiP5Snu6RzgGi23zIiUzBy3G2wCje4oITH/gMjyt9ImRRzgIInGixEGERBx4LNPKghRzpJzvE6qHD6cPXvva15VSLrybTd5xvMmAxJCvUcwHobzuW2qYPYgRNdezNBKR+esGVs2OxxCKseZRM6Q/jxbhBozj5wXg0D6abiy2kmKuMVfohcgLgpMfQMxEfpMmHFmXMv3Bz2C0skFntmA7YpX7jG99YXjeygGYRPT8NRi6jQ+c70IdOkLAPnKIz1smEhSlzub7L3KSf6/7Kc2TE/WC6tNzXablnjKcPo/trvPpfuit6pGe+QTsZjqzK51rTIpBtaTUN4uAEKXfJny7urr7iym7N1ZfOPX3p7rp+nnVF4bV29JbFXd/jWtzbN//4+997/qzdrbHmUhlVRwDOtD/1NphfwA4jK/Q7eWLzxu4Vb+GOrLknZ+In03vDQD0W1ctmd69u48siuVfL+B9sKDal+ZkzbDHU6St6VTza2Rjwad9slGG06QN63AI+283GET5nXA8LI3GAEYNQBqx3B0F2dyYjMkoyDdLJ7gmVe6sYDCW/gcuoJWBRnMMwgPAwpDHZEUC7n/ASLLu2mShrpQfQJJ+6Qy8wMMQ79mzXyQ4vY4/AqUdeeTjAnE47IzoTnxiDjIj6OCC8eBCnJzwSJ8QQJeCMMM8mNiv/rsrEqAydgtVwR7ENiuwYMaZ9nIaxlAlReeA+fGY8cSI8z+RAB3W9g/V4TpjrQGbwknHGmcnOsK+Tx2BjXOqPyF5kbtgxMBHUeGte575OnyqQNe1Qlr4w1jxnd5mDRsnZYSOLvvrNqTIuKO2MDeMIzwRAhzCcOMscKsYTg/fcc88txrRFKOPOJMBRUxf5ys7xdNoyk6B9WXRCm3GHLxZKtJHDLw7/3NMlOSFgx5bzG70FDxkiT3b3I1N0B/6ZNDk0dvs5H3Z01SOfPiJjnFqLFJFDdYuDQ99FR2WRBm/1FToYtu95z3sKrfQhZ1n7OCkcY/WhC865AnEmLAAYr/RsxueqkqfoBFf8NSYs+pgz0cq5NMfok+hWuoScTKZHklcbOVDZAfaagXFprKb/grPW32OBtBiY7jmpxqiTXhZEIvsTQfhdrv2ff3WbA33DwiKO14mcuqIPjA+LFnAH5Bfgmay+uQba5USNbyVY5CYPbBO7KV5joI/xn84kM+RA/wHXPAvyeQb4pO/gx/u6H+lUthWQrgzc6SvPduMBeYJbebYjnUA/0CHy0yHugyf1uadPBulImvgEz+T1jL79nIT1ex1G763e06tcHN41elpW5xyv1Ts3/f2afZ6iy9S7DLd2gPAi84f7BvMParnPOCCT5BZII3+ROffyRPZGDXCSXbJojJFfMsjOceKUo8jJtVNqgdJJMKdzzNuOEMvH/qez2VTmbvgydmcbGG9o82oX3eXEGzsmPsgoYKQjNwrIBIPwqUAMJqBRhCvP8FGI8FHkUZbDdhjh0fGExy6R1Xx0MDIZCHZxKWMCJq86HQ+0I+VZuSh1eRjc0sXpKDvJdlzgRHPyCQYQwWOQMCKsyjMkayWqbcqiESTNtW67dILMOLU74wvcHGq0O9K83377lYnf0TIGhqPNfi8Ufd4H22effUpgJGTXN30wDH8bTB30J3kiI/oT76NkI+/kyj350S+DcjBTAH+COhOmWy9HQTuNIVeKTDu0L3FZFOLIqUsZCtuYwZe03VV+ZWOIMOQYuJSkMWWFk/I0luz6OhJtvKuLAQWm25aZBO0MX7TRs/5nwCUO/ZyO3ANtITfAFQ6Az/QoPgnpx8iUtPQNXNLUKS6OeD1R0nXy4Kk4dCW/foLHRAw3fepUCR3EseHAuzpib6GDzlVmLgHHAZ8S8BGEPzMBeJprQgCfMw7QQO7NQwx/zo6FH06wPqFPlK3pRH+Nv36OrADxxqK5Lc9kIDoKqJ+swI8ueFxTrzJ4Js64FC+vMpGhyPA/L72su+Kyy7sl1/ay31//+Ps/dFdfeVW32pKe/p68v//lr901V13dXfq3vl10aB9/eV/mmh6/E2OCkw0+JGkhgJwHtzrRkzGBDjTNJ9AXnE3tYmc4nUcmjjnmmMIX7bY4YKcV3+XTP0BfRBekn9LPkQ1XIfLh6hkeZSMHcMYmlKfWTfDJa9HCQpxFEDiUcZWuDDzpJ4EO8lzrJ3iVgctPaB588MFF/4uz0PfFvu0X/PyCUp70r71Mp63RX9Vx9dW9rXc1Oerltg8cYc//7HkYmYUroL60vcH8A/1L7oCrMUHOzHd0qY0mY4fMmsssOpLJjKGZgNgu5N7Y4Lv4OUgbeDbbnJZ73vOeVz4M6qSXRT+/FGIRzKslytv88gqT0yEZn7NR9+G18Wl8c+K12XiLbhgFjGQHGBMR5EiUCddkY+fG5CgtQjQWaGCdXufXUJ3lfSuruYwlDIhCnC5EcVkNIQh2Qn1N9jWveU0RIMcAKVG0Map1hA/IEDaGtV0XOAigwRAaGXtWyK20WHnhlKoHHoLnygi3+mqXTz06Nu2ZbpvgNfDgMcnDjUaOMMWvTwi7HRgDwWTI6Kz5iNdodIVPWoOZB+MGzyOTZArol/peWh2mKysrCuoZDNMFcgW02WSiHRSvaxQ648RYYrAz4q1mkmVp8qo/PBNAjB9p6jAG7GAKdIaQj0nZDWbAwxcaZhtop8nUeESf9nK63AvayrB1L4/82o0P4vIsuI9ugEdImqC8RTTHp+2M40loqHHplxjEHCxxeOiqXv0HpAM0wmXyssurDnXbfbbYZjL2U1j6Y1U5wOjRPnKDblcyFRnXPrwLcOLtoJ188slFluQlqwwgbdIO80Hk0BUO9YQvxfju4/ESwGFO8J6Tr69boMFL/EtfKauflFMezcpJFyctfeSZw+L9V3jxn7EmL/2P/2krPMqA0JR64FPGszwZX8rAa24xz1nQsOCkHnnhljd89Ex28SW8JC9AujR8ZcCZP8mF69pr9bLT82EtY7SnZe2+TXbv7Mzh6eWXXVb4Lb3Id4/rd70RKv0u/fxngdkCkWDuNs9bKGYQRlbDS22FE63CfAFtw3ftp/MsuOsvpzfsptCrTjMY93QmI55NRLbpS7uy+ggP6ZsY/nntylX/Kav/yYvNAFfpTppxrC2awMmmspEByEjkhMz7yT/42Ez6X1r0M7m0aO+ZbEsDtd7Xf+QPjV7pcBIvr304oeCUCRvSAusN+/ZwalcztlZbvfvz/1zSXdHr20JTj3M1dfbt6iW0j+sN8F5eIvtkJfXPJ1lp8H9Bn9fX9LeTL06Y2FQyHwh0oZOYeSUmZUYJ9By9azfXrz1419e44vjSm06SGtfGcz1OXM2/xgP9Jz/byslXY55cG6PKzDagS+gc9NEN/DHt0Rej4PHIHGCKIZOmFX5GJ6UobrqE6hjOpSPQOtjRPA0ftvGMS4qSEDFmsgNMSVKQBPjYY48tipcRLU0+X0e1w2QCUT+BNFFYUUWn8px+Dq4OwweTdDoMLzijViU5v5ttttnyXRz4ptsmBqlJXd0mAvUwOrUFbgaK4xAGhzwAPTFS8FlbouCH6bMGKwb6wUQenusD/eJZ35GdODbDyMh0IPXVYViox652krvIISC/DBhHZyn6GETJo7wAPOMTHuFVZJ8hRM5zlNzYcBKCU51jwsb4bDV66SeGJd1BhwIy4F68NpITdLuP8SkOT8Kr3AvyRo5ylV8d9BljGM+kgZRPHSnnHj/pxDxLS0hd+CsNDnU43m/Xd7fdduv22GOP4ozlA1qrArQ9PIvx7B6g3z0HyT2jw8/jnXrqqeWdUm3zDjSnl1HPceUEMzwskGpz8OFB+ODZNXGcDT/b5RcDfBTM3MC4os85Dib79G3oijOK//UumDYkD0CzODQ50aQcB8jiNBqUkzf9lTjP8KM1TmscC0aTtgoWjTksZMe8x6hSJmMRPlfyKk47pAP47Jw4UYU2ePHVXIoWNN7sJjft1urLcUSuKjLfz6FrrN5d3pfjEP+tN4rs0P2lx3Fhj+OCXmcsWrSou+g3F3bXXHtNcYDQTKbZD3BzgI199GinPnCvzsjrfAJtpEd9oE77HIHPaTPt1jd5DUGf+Nq7V84cpWSjSCNDbDnyqL+9i8fgh9O78HQ1w5qBTV9byLHYYEFDea9moMNrEGTc4olFefqYjaRejjK8dqPjaEvjgJ9wwgndaaedVvDR3xx2sm9OsHCinwUOtPqkcZY5B+451xYAOLn6VzvW6/WRNPCzn/20O+rII7sze5m+uM9LRu0M00uOR1/Wy9s/Lru0+2lPi8UutLHZpEfOG8w/ILODfeuZvvJTjN61Zd+bBywqciTJLn+B7A4jF9GTaCBjdDd89KRxGd1Ot1m4dmLO/GqzgHxHpwlAWffSzAecdOPVs3nLmLRgZdyQa5ty6s0cMUxbhgE0CHS21420D2/QZCyPgq6ROMAAMZSSFUaOqs6hZNIJ0wUTIyPDSh68afgwjUeXjqbQKHuOrokCfhO6yYLCdc+JNHn7MioF7OiQ36VSPzzSrAYRSrvHhIuCt9IpnwGRyd9k4QV1q6QMQMZ5BGwYPqE3E7hgAGgfRW3yYvSb+ACBkp68qVt+OFzFyQeG4XODySGDPIHSodzSh/qI7FCGrlGOK6NfRl2H9lHmMda1MTKnfRw/eoM8MrYYOyYZY8oYioxLj/y6h9cVvQIeucqvDumMNfi8JmBMJG/GwGwCvMATbdYuRiIdJQ5/0KtNnqNj02bt0WZxwDXPSc89HJwnE7ZreCG9DoPlgi/PQJ8KkU+4GYs50pj8gmf5yEImd/ErE/BY3fjqPu2KvIhjkOcnnMwH9LZFS6+SeG2EEaGPOPjS9AdHEK7IK56kfeYE9+I5Hwz7d73rXSUtv2nt3nxiUVZZehuvHLdDF+NEPeLkJQ9oDc14Todk987unDYwdjjAnGpApkD63BVd5Mkz/PBxsuOgcGDgYojggwUmbYIrfHD1HMcXPZFlOHNvVd8OBGfaLgY54fhzXMzLa/dlb3PrDbsb3/Qm3bXXXNt94MQTu8MPO6w7/v3Hdyf2TtGPeqd23Z7Ws3uD8JRTTi2LBxxdBuH9ep3BQbcQbcy7xz86heOtjRZ80FH3P366zhfQHjvhnENt9j0EBrA2RvYtDLBxOLXeI9S35NtCf97LZT9Y7OHYkoPsdCmvr+gPtg4+O2btyL069EXeFVcWDmMGTeSI48z51kfsK/qfHlKf8r6VIh85QndONaCNrWaMnHHGGctfj+OEsNnUZ0OC80uuONsfPuPDPf7LyyIAXNr/yV6e33bUUUX+yCM6vtXXB9dde54Uh/5jH+u+2tPOpuNgy4tm4yiyMp9kZi5Cxq/gvh7P9GLS6CIyRteRqYlAWXosOMgHHBZCvU/PjqCvybfTnuSOXHOGybi80wHlYh/Rl+rmdJuL6Er3xkc+ZMnfYucrR7fWc7hrHZKWecoYNhYyHjjB/CDjlC+X+oNrZYN+VD/dbSyi3zxWt21YGNlXoAFFRJFaCSEICB6WeRSPSdFL3VZw04nD4FQWjYxiitkKisFhUDCOCZRJwyTJgWVkWHmhYH0giwKUX9sIEyVsNZtRxKm1s0zpGhCMEVdHJKyaUrKOIMND8Ewi4dN0AY4YRDW/XT1LRwcDR5gK7+SZSr4Gw0GUTK5kMEZoDdKEudwv6CbrtaIOeGb8iKPwjCFjykRjcpE+HoQnkX08FDKmlGXEW8By5JbhDuo8swmM0dCmPXEa3AOy4j48MVGIc1UmbUr+yJcQnMA9HELKTAaRw8EQXHAL6I9DFf0D6vrk0bbQszIh/EC7K1rTBrRabbf7ZFeMIeQkgneZnURi7JvrGMQcRDJlpysr6RwCc4e0GFxwkG/1mMwdn+NU2xXv5+AyB3FEXBnpDC4OHMMHn8yncOIXms1f8qCZ42i+4UQw0Blgdsc4JAx1bWHQmHe0jYPCGTT/mNvgR2PkyD0H1rxlAdr8xqFgfFiJ93E6x+3MldrDCdJu/aw++bQ34zzXBDvfvlGBB+ZS+HIyAE5G2IUX/qY4q2QDzU5k0QkP3/rh3eW9I6MPtn/09oXeS/7nku6GfTscdd1+h+27+9z3vqVO5dHHibO7YZFCG/GH4chhx0t5XNU11XEwF0B7tDk7o/lYmXhtJo/6wiILZxEPyIgd/Xw8Td9yVOlM8kjWOMgW+8krWQKMcnIWW02f5nen1S/dh/acfGO4s6XIi3GjfmOHjJMDOp/ccWTJmzL6G73sJ066dtjxJ+8+nKac1+7iPHMUbJr48jw6z//heWUn6RE9bdr+296ZPu497+lu1jsCr+nz+DL9Hft5xpi55OJLuvvd/37dr/r2n3rKKd1a66xdHB1yZJxxEOBED3lRX4NVA1l4Jbsg/cGhE08P0R/S6YToTyDfeH1X6wM6i66ga+hYJwo4oORSumBxhmzQLXSaMtMBdNO9cEYvZXHKeLCo5AO7xqT0tEG7lBkP5IELfgGwKcwL5NmYMg4tmHKMjS9t0GYwEe6ZAnXSEU6lWBQ23ugldI8KRtYqTDVBWdW2Gmvyx7wI23QhhmA6YlRgktb5jGsKl/Jl7HCKCSCBJ1QxCgiQNjI6GDUGlWeGiPwgBih8ftrIBOyI25vf/OYygTNKHEXefffdy4Qib13HdMHkhs/oQJN7gqN+AX58pBCyCqZ/OBhWSE2S8ktXftS8bjA+UDJxBITIu0DmgGvyuSZ+voF2kUHOBeObbJLXYXUIvOFveBtezkbQXjTX/WxM4o2Q9rjKSxcZ44J7Yzn6SVzNP3ExCgbTUud4AYR/gyF58BUEr/roUrrWFc/VGzr0r+eVDXiE1kz04Tn+msdMuAwaeppxzKC30s9QMBGjX14LK+YNxgMjmXF05JFHlngTtYA/2u5e3gMPPLA4lZxpH2pigEhDD6OGgeM3ko866qiy4+uUkqOljH/OoXEhH4eYI2EX2fcr7L5xqjnNnHCLt3bKONWMGnOXU0gcT7jNdXR/+g6dQL+Yq+z2MT601e4hB3WvvfYqpzL0J2fVl8M5GvqRQ4IWxiC+wgPwl9MvqM/iMsfFYnH93hqjzk98+Xgjx/wdxxxTeG/H98br37h7XJ93p8fuVObsvsO663uR3GbbR5WfPHrb247u3nTood3D+rkXL/HwLW95S3fYYYeVU1ucule+8pWFTxbSOX7oydyO92n/fAFjnMPKLiAvnFFyqq3iGNQcXzJhgYPM2nFl5JMNeTmVHEc8NWaMVf1JLo2NLHjgHZ7CrUyMdLJKl3Ng8Z2D4PQAQzY78uL0t10pMmV8cayNJbvQaDNejEt9Dw85IvvapR6BrMMVB5ldJF07ymLPDdYr7447Ok9Gf/ObC7uN77Fxd/e+nDG4TT9+d9pxx7Kgwvm9spdp7wTf+96bFhnn9OKn+Qlvjf9afzZY+UDuzIX6InOJuOhzsiQAz+RBenTeREDO4c38RFeQI3JFrtn+GUvkCdC76Jku0LVC9JKrcWVcuhpvaBCPruQhj67jAX6kjDbJHxsADngd57b4il/SgLbgw6oANAvaTRdYxNQGYVTjbmTvAGMqBWWXk7K0kqijImzTBR1PUZvErRzqDPiGwaksB5CjTglb0WQsWIVkVDhPb/WTMqaoCXzoUL+VQJOG9lpppKAZGHYCtJkzbeXSBM/wMUGg3UcYTPgmgwwSAwgM0yZCjC6Dm3DgObziHFvTRgreJJN86nIVp33ilRu2vxo0mC6QO4qNgcHQN8EwXK2oJn06oBwFyjGwasugm80yTpeGvkwCxrhgXHseTM94l6eeIOQTBse1ZyBf8o8XpKf+sQJ65Uldua/1EJB3cIJPek3bygA0BNCiDfS7nSdzGPnzmoovaDK4GdTmNYBez/Q8w8euF4eQnDLMyZrFRcYQQ4LjCbdvRXASGemOz5kval2cPkKbK6PezrM+4DgztOhxzgd6OQn0u9NF5hRfO951113L/KVuq/nmMM6IRVkOgvJ4zoAzztSFVk6Kkxfa4pUj9+rTRsa/E0vKc1KAdpk7zG0cDvMeusyD6HZU8PTTTy80mAM59N6bgw/vOP921O1oeA7gsTnYTq+5cttHbdvn2bR3/n/aG2br9Q7Jmt0553ynOGjwbty3r/D52qUG25JexkAvuWWOjQybf+kSTr0dySwM4zs8+C1kXIwHymRRblXI7YoA+sz97BM73naA9Zk2sH+ccCCb5Faf6++99967nGQj83ZyyQ59CZcdYHyzEKSP8cHJODLGObSwQW7ywVK8UY+FJHaUOEB29R9nkp2o/z2zQ3JMGx5yyo6ysGTHjWOtD+FBjzLKoseYYrjrvyzekDVGvTH51T6v3eFteller89nfJ/bj0ntYKfdqMfjQ2vn//D87rwfntfdu5eX63o+2RFWZrMHb1YWTNCFN+SJvKOjwaoDMkueyYrxnnnFffRpFoRdxUmbbNwm3Th3rx5l6SanIiw0WpDkJ9B1XuewIEQWycVkemQ8UI4OjO6in52CJYfizBl0ZhYXkw8P0DlZveQ1c6687vOMR8am+qW5nwrOmYL0pfnNCSO2Gx2Wvsl1GBhZy0wkOoKQIRzTMHVYIuG16mfipiB1kqCOYQAuk74VUIYABSsQNsymnE0OBE1dBEyc9068x+uDKI4luKcUTfzaKx8BMtFY6XzBC17QHXTQQeXnhxwboqjDEzxyTwCHETL1pm4TFIMmg14btDG71kIGS5REgwazBSKXxg/DlFwPCxS5YCxnwvQ8rA6ZKdB+9NE3xjIDjm6lJ9Aful3F1zyi1+gfV3jwMxNkyomHyzN9oC555B0rRL9kshwMceLgYBQ7Cmk3ifGN3uCWF236Vf9mope2sgENdJ+2u6LTIme+5ulosp+S4Exy8sJTbcBLV4umfnLCjq5dTAayPmMgcxg5i+aJ//iP/yjOKuOeI3j44YcXw59zKMAb+YQbrxk+aJL+pCc9qezu2slypPPVr35194pXvKJ8PIvjbQfUji6HkUGPVm2wU8s5RGt2JqSZh9CMHvVwUOwy271lzHkvlPPA2LLjqy2cB7TgVZxGeIObYeK3+tHAEfE+rt1jTjBnA05yoU14JTAYYyxmp8a9gCd37h2vB2/+4PIV3ot+e1FxcjkrG298z34e3bC71S1v1Tu8S8qHitbp2yXf4p6Pixdft7yvXDlRdqq1gTPvp//0q3fq0Kff8L0OGVs1JE08vgn6LXGzDdCF33FUjz/++LL774NUdse13/i3gIEfbAbyz55hNzDw9RmZloafrtLt4Jfjwn3fkgX8koYP0SnkmL0j2CggE2wuusEGAueV7OhvsqmsQEbJsTTyTbbQZ5HHs3Fix8r4Uo9+oEPImIUd95EpONKXV15xZZEVdKoP0K/aCs+fetouvOjCIvt3653s2LTKw6mMstpgcVZag1UL+iR6yDxJ51gUtEml38gp3Ua3kxMw1fGaOQuQOeWNFSdKLChZgDn66KOLD2CMcUzps9QzHSCHAkCnNhhf8JqHzJvajDZtkCeyWdsBY4ExkXncPchYcTXu1EHukyc0rApQf/qWHuOnuYoP/cPCSHaAo/goOKurlJdJJ0omQrSigPEUFDxW/igmHaLxOlKnTQciOJxdqzlWx03IcHIWHQOwW2TV0jsq6veusJVFu8VW2h3VMqlaPbVqbmWIA01BRzjRD2eMvVF12iBwbgE+o1W9lDSa7Rygx6opOoBndA3DwwYNRg1kkfHkZAVdwtBixFsAkzZdWTUh2b1gzBnnxoIxAt9MjclhgG6yspwjgI76Uf7GNEMWXziXFuoYluLlY7DSW670mqDNueKpNLuWMUilqcsxI0YpPALc8sYIDj5lBDtG9J5gd1MZOPSdnSCGiDTlORiMU4amtkX36IMYCyu7HyJPqRcPOakmfzJIV5I7BgGdGidf/gTxDHH5YuhrE0OMwcIJ5WTgq/cfOZQ5nhkjAx8yyecZ7joOLamHQ2e3DX5zIueUI2l+CV9B6EuAJ3Hq5kxzCDkWaNIPjHq7bRxkaeYyxlfaXtPnKi6GpDxoEPDSbq/F2OxAcrI50HiA3tADB3DNPVhjtb6ONddY+jNHvX3x3d7ZcmLr3e95d/e1r3+tu/3tbt89+alP6e7Vz8/rcJz7/N31vkLdG4I97hpXDdrEcWIQoyv5jAljJ3JPnj0niBfH4TMWGal4Ez4M0j8bAG0cQmMS7ZxbDoHxLpAjr2TZJSXnxrdxbTyz4wRtJR/kxvhwPBqv8MO7iXSRXWIOAd1krHMEyGpkD1642FtosFsGh1N9AjnQtxxjegItHA5lyA15Moa8BmDTAe+NLW2iiwDd4/dQ9Q/ZVk7dFqPYdGefdXbf9zct88mtNtigu7bH4cvOF//p4iKPN7v5zbqvfPWr3ac/9enuPpvep9vu0duVOcPOsfeBtYk+Qyen2jySE44NVh3QP/S1sccJNfeQ9yzYkTOvs0hzmoZsmYPkn6jv4E0eOp3e5Xwpa+GTPrcwaVeS3U+OjSP5lHOdDtDD6ose1zbjTkCLscYnAaEN0KeTQfSTtqmH36Y8PPWJmMS7r/XbqgC00VXGv8VP4xBd4kcBI3OAASIz0VEQJogowemATjD5U3YUbBqus4fpEDgIAGVGyRFcQsVxJ7jSGZ8Y7qgLZUx5U852BShRoJ0EBB5ttKJugkUfPNIioHDOlBCpJwZFDMoYYITdSqhBG3rlcxUaNJgtYHxQ+JwzSo/DZGwyppI+HaDYTSAMWZNVXqWYyTE5FYjzgAZ6Is8WtGKIe+/FJO4qiGPQ4ZEFOcYhx0WaeCvfFg1NaOJN2gn0NF0mcNJyykVeV8YsPIzIBDrPVV2MYQ4NI9o1HxfKQiIc6mCU2h2Cj37Fe3R75vzRS/SVvqY3pzJ5jxrwXP8HtCdGs1dhHN1kMDGmIyu1UVQH9AuMK3OI00p2q8gtR0t/cPw4HCkDz4rKHrnQj+TXvGh+VYfrMKB85g/HnC00Rx7T9vFAPu1Iec8WbBwjN38yRMkCB8XCk2O1OQU1Ed7VVsefPn3J9T1965W51a68HdynPfVp3XOe85yC347e4sW9gbruOt3i65yA+kcpv9ba49sc6ra4zfkns+bvOOkCB5AMuCe7bAFt4ABxupwCwxvtMbdmzp2N8yl5Nt7M/xbr6VM60DdK2DJ2V9kqxiX6jV96geOsbcaADQFOH/1pDMOpDLkhi4x/44RjSv7Zfq76V8BveoqO4CCL4zg4LcCuI8vw4js9kw0U8RxmC/mcawtxcDlijW5yatxabJOHXkIL+8y4O/3000uwI/i73/6ujL/NH7x5ofuaq64u4+mH5/+wfKdl0YknFufe8ehn77Zr98CeT9/t+/2iCy8q7b9HPy6MYzqW3Fl8Yk+hp8GqBeMv/WAc0zX0Dj3MGTZejQHHk8k5iFyOB2wGY1y+OMzkm36j580PxgvZ8Gw+NQYsFhkb05ULPg5Qj7rNkeZX7ZLGATa3GKfqCI3yoXO8udS8IU/0uZB5y70xLQ1O9zXu6bZlWFA/PqDHnIHX+hQ9o6Jrtb6Coc9xhLGEzbEA95QURRYGTwcINiZkZQIz4BbEDwOMOh/bcDziTW96UznWYBeX0Uih+tS5o1JWwwmbD1lRkPvvv39pGyOSoFPcjqQp6zgcQC8la0BwRNGLDzMlSAYmHocvgroYtiYOtGbCCA3yTrdfGjSYCSCbVmrpEIYnOfYlUQZHFDRdAzzTB0C+TBjy0BvZzTQGrRoed9xxZVfqVa96VTG8lDEujEu4VgVk4kazdgM6RTsyhsF4V3nS9txrU/SBfOLUI4hPPjpKEJd4oEzK5irIi08MY7rYTl/ywI2PdB5daSfGyRPGgImLo+Dejom+MC8oq1z6dWWD+kEMCYb2okWLiqPAWde+fffdt9AeXYkH8qbseEDvyg+3o8ocJ196Nm/Ai1fTAYsedugYdxYm8I9DY9F1GCB7nA90cl44weSBAzLZ2IgsuWaO46i87nWvK+PWLomfs3H01itBjl5zPCft994s6TndXbf4uuKsyLt4yeIyB3NMOdIP7B2df/S8LosB692w79TesMXbCbrHWGEMGifmRu/y4Z9TYHbZtYWOwRO2gKv8GVMMXzufHDfyoS0AfatKj0wEoRt9HD7XxJFF/ZaxHz3iGoNaHjrJQoGj0+ydvGeOh/JxAJSBnwzoD/VIg49MWMSzqCCOreS9YosQQBnOq4UG+TndnFW8txDIoeGM0yX6ii7hkJN/6cYF3ssPp7LqUa+yFumW9G3e6A537DbeZJPyvq+j8hZPcpqFY4sOY2vL3okmCxf088fll/+z2+jOdyo/xyWPdqjfwlM2ZBqsOiAv5FA/6HOvg1j0oMP0ETvAgpyx6oN65IY8k21ATscC6cY/uYpei3NqDuQP0AU+DMhW8e0IXyLnoMKZvCsK6tEe40ndxpRvR/jtYfJPrzr1Ix1dAtD2jOmxIHN82jIeZLwO3q8qSD+5ogegSTtGMfZGsgOsMwQGjhXBvKuhM4YhUoMJkxA8ruoC0+0czCTEJlPK0TEgdMMtUMQUI6fRQFKfo2yULYNDHAHXCVZ+7HIYVILJ0eqjOIYQZWmlcFiaJwI4w5+6HjTGETfpmJjSRukzQUuDBtMFBo2xaafAarsP5Rhr4smq8eY+ijnKEbgXx0CzYsqJNoazKxecDHxGUnBMNiHMJNBr6haM1VrPgdA13nUsMGnSuzFchTzTBXSRI6AJDD26QTDB0uHiBOn0uDKJh0NeK7HShKRZ7GOoaoM5wI4do8PHaxxF5DTQRdpKT0W/T9SemQJ1qp+x4d6CKEOG8QzIWTku2bdVevKDiejl9EYW7ZhbdGEocX4Z1+RtumAXjXOJx3kv065ejK1adlYE8CCnBiyS6k/9MlUjQ19qb/JyFBxzNd941xl+u4cWE/KRGDRPhPvq3uld0ju8aFhjjTW7K6+6shyFNmd/5CMf7Ta8zYbd/fr5+Wa9PHn/94p/clgvW0r3WuPzmJOEXk60RTGGoS9x22GmJwRyykGjezjxHDKyIJBj4wT/jQv5gPYP07czAdqJ9wBf6AZBHPl2D8gRJ19/RAdFZ2R8Smfb0KP4od36kH5NmdgXxkndt8rTD3SCBbDs+sIf/es56XbrlCfn8ho3+sLiFNmJMU+3Ba808pVNF/g4O3Cg9f73f8ByuQ5t6657g965vXO3+UMeUuYFiyD37/vYLvC1HPU+P+d3/ZssfU9d3eqhE/BPCP3zHWq7cjZBFlnIov5wmoMe109kgZ1vcYV9T/eQh4xTbRmvPfobzowZdeCBQE/6yBrb30mAvGLAX6AfhpEJ5ZSPnGqfhSMnUMy1TkYYC2RfesZnykW2B6HOOxHU6ZPlnWnAc4GutfCE98a0tqTNw8L4M9AKAMZTkFYJdRgjCbMp1gyc6QC8jAm4CXcggjhdgBMjKVsrmY5FEK4ocwrTgNGO5KeUxVHIhE+cQBkbKGi0YgQPfFbTHb2wUi8fXtRtGDXUAxRN6nJP6TOS0CwOLQSHEEXAJoPkq0Pi1QGna+IbNJgOME6B8cNpMHkZjwLZZbiRW7IMIuP0hKuJzkqsHTzGCoPVeHR8yHjMxEJOR6VAhwHjRpu0O0YdWFG60hahnujcC9qNZwxOQEeHdyB5XGtcgwHQkfB4VqYuh371ON7oeCWjUj8wIPRp9CuYDfpC/egQ0B9dHicdpN1TBe1jfAtwMLjwZFRtrfkn4D3+Jn46QAY5Nt6xtCtKNtAN92R0J10ZuxWuFpicnPI+MSOUY+EDWeTBogq+TEbv6mssXehGm49agXV7nnJ477jRHQt9+aARuOH6N+puvqzfJqJZm+wK+tiXBQoGJQdLPxuPILKt39SjL2PToN+3P9gCjus60otGsjPbQHuiY9hm7BN0GofsH+2RjifaqL14Tj8kRC8pQ58y+I0P8UkPjsihPgj/8E289DgfSVdWvDKe9SVcZMh9+kH+tAdOtMijPbEx6SR0wuk+cmCRAv5LejvMTyDBuVpfp3qXXN/bLX1+sP6N1y8ypDzc5aNqPU/gsPDimvZFVuQVPwxkHMOjXjjxlT2pDn3nXp6kDVOvcjUuuI1bTl1eYZEuDT3yyytd3olA3oRA4XcfQB0PEj8MRHbQhkayYTHLx/vszuY7PaVPe9nRFg6V9g1Tv3q1Bw6yBPI8DN7wL7yCi9xpY/SQexC5Ub+40DFfoIzRvo1OaHj338aifhY/DI9rGAnH0mF2SL1P4VgR43XYDtFIDICHwBmcURLihwEDxYes/CA/Jzj4CJgJ289UMOQIn4HjpXfHDzjN6o+gWw30G5EGnJ91cBza1Q4J40/ZKHZtACk7COJqwa+D+LTb4KUY3UvDH4Ehra4oBIpNvfKoOwPJM1AGDnmAsnCnP8UL8KZOedChHwT1iHcvb12uQYMVgRhhnFYGmveA7eYyMhk7ZC2yFZ0ATHzeBWOQMnzyUSA7UVZmHZFjtDmCaVxmssg4WBWgDRmXaRO60qapgPJpg6s2RU8Ep/EtLpAyKVdDcKAhVwFdwSseXrqFXtAnrtEHdAHe43ecKKAsHRIdlrpWJWhT3U6APvSHtvF4NR4EV/gGDx5Z0ImBOV1Ah4UEYwNutIafw0DmKTvMxhBa1aUNk7Vdn6s/cwvZsJts3NkZgYsTgqeOWbMRIi8TwTVXX1N2WEju2n1Z8/W6PY0b3/3uxWn1EawbrHuDbu2+3qs5CZf3RrxFs96pvaZ/Hg+cEHEc2w41h9y72ZxakH7TZ3W7yYlAt2gnsFOOX9opLvGzCbQD3/Cf3KBf/6Q9gj4TL2i7dmTxRtBv8rg6ybH77rsX/aqsvJERIXHyu48OCl+Tz7064PSMTnWRQzqjrjfpqQs+oD3yyifIA6c4ZUDqY9NtsOGtu5ve8hbdmuv0zrTk1Xs6epyrOy3guc9H1hZf3zuHfbi+xPX/a/R19/SoX5sy5sJXNE0X6Ep61Pipg3q0R4DfNXHhiefpQM1PYx7PtIVOMe+KQwM+hxZ1yqNfpgqhz1WAz5jHuxp3+mq6gDYBn+hZzi3cxjQ5tZml/+ld8epL/dMFONLv4SdIe4ZpExy1Todbn+gvMh+ZU4e8db7QMV8g7cv3AdhzNa9HASPhGCIpHiuqnF/v0Nr5JJjDdIpG6ngKTqe7ZuDCPV0wkJVnDJsErRBFqNBr8DjKwLn1LL9VbcehoiRSP8XgfSROMwXOWHdcmlHuqJA6DL4MDEqPgIN0IsOQcvCcwSNPjMvaKc1AxgegXCYFECPTYBHgUEZZBoU+clUGjdK00bMrfOpUh2d8ESefdgvwZ7UfvXgh3r16QkODBisC5Ifc2ZHxnq5TFxSfrzgaU3Z4I+/ykWNHg6wOOvpknHK8GPGOino2jv2uZb7c7gSH8pF3YVWBNhg7dCfQNnErAng2VgDRGQnAeFZn2q0+YzVjts4Lgk/+pLnHW2MePnHwuBcvnZ6jR9ynrLSkoyE6tK5vZUFopkdr3U/PjQdToRMeeMlXrRddzQ/aP12AB61o1F9AXe5dpwt44FUdu5r5ToR5A97J2owekP7VTn3vyBoHOPOXsevYsYUs8j4Z3vV6o/VmN7t57/SuW46jCko8qJ+v99rrOd0WW23Z3fDG65c4tF573bWFv7fs52xfhQbp49RFvukLx9LN+Y7oOyopXqjz1mXJRcCzvOXLwb0t4DULc37yRzfhofu0f6aB7ohtgRb1kz/9gx5tSP9E3oF4dEavKivII819gD7WbnYFmYkeyRgKKJO68wzq8SDUZUAcWviiJ+RzDc1o1MbQ7xloY4K4+r5uV0KdX9vhBOrNrrV8eEq+4FCnNkhD0yhAu8IH+NlkbDT2lcUjNKDN4hk65RWXdg8LwQU3OQ1v6/Z5Tn9PBOmTQM1n94nLPajvpwtoV7fxT4f5EJr3f7XBlX1ObgNsdjDZuBxsD0hc5NE1cpq0scqtCIRH8MBtzOA9uTT26rpqORgFL2cbaBMe0w36DR9GJftgJKMYUQaOQUtZZBAhdFhiCUAGYy1oEYBVARG0mg5tprwct/R1VB/v2XHHHYtBHv4YcCZERoBBG8VLyVJ2cTyBNPH4V7dZnDzBGR4LGSDSPeOX5xjYVvs49/VzVk/DYxMAZaceq2n6MztyIJNBvYKb+kIP2qLUGzSYKpCZTGZOWjhGabeHDHuH0Hu93kNzJMYY4gDb+XXvvTxy59k48j6OD9vli6EWryxikf3Iayb8VQWMGqubxj6d4YMdFg5XlKZaP+AhPgjRl8kDMrlGh+UawJuEwbwAbb6bwLnBf/XQGfSCdkhXF92A19IBWtBW0yOknpUNqTN6Ci3uM3+FrtC7IkB34g1HFZ5c6/ZPB/ATXzMHeBaiu6cLxgv5I4/aTP/jgbE4GcQw1q7w1BzD8OQEn3DCCeVUmO9qyCtNGyIX48Hqq/fOxjp26Hp59kXnNXvdsPi67qc//1n31iMO61780pd0hx1+WPf1b3y9z7xad+2Sxd3fLu0dhp696TtjHO+1w72xxQnXzrzHiu6MFeWAa+azxHkW9KG5jzPo3VO7wI5TO2UC5KdX9JF6U36mAP2CMUgW8DhtSR+iRwgfItfaUst4aPWcvgTupQnu1VGXDa+SN2WjfzxLR4O84lJnnT/4x0pPHvXW46hOF6fOOiS/dDQkpD+F5CMrbB4OKD0A8JW81nWGF6F3ukDu4IWH7mQ7+oBgxowPH/lI6+mnn15OLXi1B43oUG66gOaa/uALPa6cLm2XhkfyTgXCo9SRKx7Htkw98ib/MBA85MsY9/0dr0IZ54JTGk6T0cnqRUNkeDqgrtCftgBtFYYBOCO7aZc6gHoE8pt8ruHxVPtoLoG2Rm/RqXxM11HBSBxgnYAwHxKhOAgXYZ+PnVILeQTUs06y8+SLc1ac9txzzzJJGpQxBHOMM+UJsA4m1FkZDc/kN9GmrHzKxen0DJTFb/WLC+/lNeAZNwI6Qi98oUF5wqU8elwpY8BYEYfm9GMmgxh1mXTdB7905Ro0WBGIQUJ+yKgFHYaqVwwETq53FJ0wYQxYlPGzKBxdY83Ys0rIcbYA5f3DTBIgMg/Iq7RVJafeQ2TUHHzwwd3hhx/eve1tb+uOPPLI8nMedOlEULdjPNA+vDTuE+gHccrjibbjs2AMh1djBaC8Y0gf/ehHC61+p9Oin/7SV1bg4VCHMuoxWcUZSN01eJZW66mptG9YQF/d/9FnaAy96ECP+/APyBN6lUmQLtCJ5BBPyCjeKjMsOP5mYYhzaVESfQw8dacd0wHtNXdbgHFyggMA91RoTtvhyNxmniPD8DlqbMEKnZEJPFJmIiAB8uGxvjEncQx8sOrQQw8tX5Y2brxyxAE15+EBB8brVxlDcbY9+w4A+TU/OxWCn2mnsuhTp2f0kevQG/4m3XytL+wke03D9z7Qqq7Mf/pdPvfwzASgh3ymHzyHt9GjeOMe3aE/kHLoE+o+Ch9cU7bOKy7X0BCcSUsAwR1I/jq9LgvcC+KF6Cp5c586BkMN8g8G/SLAr21khUwIcGsTudGvyZMQmoYBNMJDtxgjfq7J2LGLacfSCUTjikNnXpAW2UL/dKFu+2BAj/GGNs9Ae9EobTKo6YIDj9LOmm+JF4YB/NFHodvrF5xfcxNnWJor3UQvGwuBYXioH0D4NkpAV01b6grfMtbUm7xJm09ANrTNKVo/3WZMaHPkahQwst8BJoCUkSNU+RoaI2AmBGRVQs38CKA4PLBLZYWZsjAQDTzKlJHoBW4DUx67VFbH8Ywh78uWjoi5z4/VE/Ls3qpPXvXhceo1MOBWl4+Y+DKdXTLvWUn3hUQDnrGtPsFqGGNCOXkYafBRJOpQH7ycZwEuxpG+pMDkla4sGsWhyYSBTsaHXS3pHPgGDaYKZEYgS+TMuCJrDBMOLoOArJE7skzmybZj0naY6B4f3qEoGZ5kU3mBbIPgrutZFWDMcuQd7dYe489480pG+WkVyr//w4Prr1+2uNSX86t1xln/uBT69HLp44puEpbpJ22GG2ine3m02zUGiXhl8CmOnvqChxEhXjmGBIeDY2NxwnvV4uFJ/+UePvUKyROc9CU94Ujq+973vu6www4rhh6dYcJTVt6Z7J+lvF3KP7Rw/vLBQLqbg+MjgtqSdqDLM6jbFZ6JcxUYrAwx+tNJBMdt5YVjOoBncAL6OF9sjpM1XUAr2eM8Ogpt/jb3ZPxo40SgPNrw0vxhXDLm8fKlL31p+XCSHWbzjl9RMD4jG+OBuiNz8tlp9dvCxrufIDn++OPLOOE44K/+Ovvss8t8Z95TLnRxYPRvvsjtVx/QlHlLXZFL18yx2mNsSHcPlxDQVrzPyQ39YREITnhchcjZMH00HmRM1fR6dg/QLo+QPpIuPiAu/VynifMM8NKzvNKTR3xCaBBCh6AfpYeXdT51Bo94eehCaeKUhUOae/FpC1zS3CuXtNQrpB64InODQZogX/DIS27y/QlzkLzp05QL7dOB4EOz+Yvd56NNPuJk7PiqtXHOpmSvWbQxDyo3LOCNevEQXyPbFqrUhS7jIG1TZ93m8SB8FALu4c48os6kB+8woDxa4WY/s7XpAEehxXtNwUlMtoHxqu3onEp7gDyRJffmQP3F1nVCjYw4EUVvWrwgO4HIIRiPN7kmJJ9yeAW3L1vT9WTD4ifI+BTqdmgXOda/IOMmvB6kQ5y88uX7DfFP+AfkgVwYD/KYo41R7RZnrpgJ0C60mZPMG16No3PFob3m83RhJA4wgTDxmOD9WLEJLiuvwnwFghRhIiwEwifLhfw0EkXGCPKTC3E+DVLGFuVm0rYTRMjFWaVmLBAqHW9CBTodqC+KnGJW16JFi4rzCwcnm2HtyIf3HfXLSSedVFbL/bax3Ru/0cmYcJTRoLLTm75iYDh2c+KJJxa8ynLYCT1n3o4GwUSj3Tg4KBf1MKI483BrG3losDAhyrVWzJNBFDn5ziQZJRdlbPeLbjG+Tj755HIk2gRnrDAeHHNWJmXJZcaoq3FTX4VVASYoR97str3gBS/oXvziF5dXJhzLXGettfsGc2aXGilLFi+dfK+84srywR80a9tVvd69/NLLumuuWrpLWXjVp8mrnKsx7RpjkUEgzcQlDignhCeMFXnpr/BKOXjoHAYGXcb5tdCprPrhSxnlQfS/OQJeeAROwxFHHFGO95lUxelbP5ujL9EIX+ofNaCv8HbZle5m1NCF9BldxqDxjFfyhAeCe+1GX9qLB9rIkOWwiafr7ToyvvKbwuKnA+YHJwX81qVFA0YRfPQ8w2C6eOly7dcP5htHe80LkYeJ5nDp+AGSjzPoSDBZdhKDwcag0p8cT/QqN1G/SsfT8Br/7bTiq1MfcMcQhIfh5jsA+tA8qC76gq7g/J5xxhllvrIQkd/RhBPN7kOPe+BKZhm5eJOFXX2sXnnJukU5V/MgfPSPetGtb4TwZ6L2ThfghxddxqSdaAsQZA6vLGBbdDevC8avNOMPz+gfJ2fIAEOX7Movj6AfpevTlKNvxeOL/K7ar1wW+NkfqVPfs3uUhwcN6lW/cYa30nPPUdJ/+KkPXPWPe7zUN3GStT16whig7/UpvuQqj7zyKSsED9zGLJoEY0AZY568+O1ji31oUz9ZrMc+yHVFIXKh7yzk4AdD30kn+Nlc5Fe/ykOHsKu0a7p1BvBP39BPNk0++clPllMVsQnxLLx0r77BOtEv1PHu0y6A5/qUvJAdckFmLLbJp8/UMYhHv+if1O0eD+Cr8yqrP+TjpLELLKrqK/MIX4SNDIx9oL9TDj68AOJST+oWyETocQ/Y6RbefBmd7Dr9yUGzaArQKMhfy2rwe04+gA55BflAZFP/2xwzL9kJ1T/KoT+gjDj5lXMPpzzu0xZ1o0cawMfwVL+84x3vKEfvLXLTI9LpBboV7X6CydigY+lUY50NQAeOGvACbdqTRRn1oBUYI8PCan2j/iWt0wSEYhQFgjkmAIw3gOpOmg+gnTpAp7gnVK54QKEQVpMJXlgNMtDf9a53lc6ygmeCpEylMwTsADFsGAoUnw5ndBE0BiElSPCAet3DpX4Cyqk14A0MAxwddsQMBPWph0NL0eywww4Fr8FkhZ7yY+Q973nP6zbddNOC953vfGfZjeG4SzNRoc+g8XVredFFoRks4hnwBr+6vLtCkcrnM/QLDTI4yUT6LQotz9KA58jQygZ0qjuK0DitFT8gDzXtZA6Im4hm+ciFPCZwkPrgcS8tfEi8a+IGAW0BkzSZJ7+MJeOFYW0yMl4oScpyPFyzARiVjhHTFS984QvLbip9iQ+c3Ev+dHH3z3483XrDDUu46MKLuvN/eF75qZeN+7FGh2j/H3te4OVde6fF71neaP31u2uuvaYYHXQxnOowSdMvdqkYWozjLGqJ0//qpruNY/cW4Yx/fWnyJQ/w2H1jNO25557FmcBraWQJzzMG4KePQNomjXHiw2WcOSvoBxxwQNn11Q54oh/1I4NvJiZXMhod7sqoP/bYYwvN9KQ689FD7YrBJK92oBOkrdrJuKOT9W10uHYy/F7zmtcU5145ung64GNwFgzoX/3BaMYrH3jzNePpzrVkwUKsxST8cMzYQnb6Ut9NBOQDT4x1V8aKNhubHFV9yFjExyzK1rphMjD28fboo48ui8naqm84Xmjm5OEpWbboyol376iz33UmqxaGGWr77rvv8nlWH8cYVR5NZFMbpOEth9p8ypg2bvS/upWxG6dtxpp+1t7nPve5ZS7VRv0Bp7rgnG7/TATwMvwZr3a4Tz311OKoZ1yrW/+Qa/Vru2e8Qxu5JrvGvTT9ZIwb+/pfXuWMA3nUBb/24bM8ruEDXPrVFU/d45kduchGxoxndLlmfOE/EK88PNLcs2nUk34yltCRe22WN/jrKxqNyRqSHt6gH60WNdBtgYmRb0zjJXliZ1nIskik/9U3XYjs0dPqccw5r+/Qu2wsvDHu9ddBBx1U7Ef8R2/kL7jwAh+U0S/45F4Q71k+9bFLLcDa4DD+LWbij3Er4JefLkMPXZN+Rm/arG/wCy3qcJVO5tSDn+hmPxqj+klZvFUXeaMjtUnfiSdvymuLMQgvnHCrK33mqk2hRRl0e4faJkzkihzTHewDm0DkUFm4BO1yxRv1h1/wwpnFmMgjnWABmJNoQWe77bYrbWOP7L333t3LX/7yQg9As3aoT7tc1aEuONMn7tVJvpNHmrr4FMa1jSvxvsJuoVw7lMNTfJJW1xPewePZvfxoAtoNpKFBG8zH5kFzuvFu4Sd+gE01su/XcdBJJ5ovLTDsv//+y+Vw1ECOLETR3xaHfGwYvejWJ8PCSBxgYDBYfbQCg2GOH2CiDphPEMExaCJg6RCdlThX4d3vfndZrd+zNxY5hCYR+Qk3RSadYBo4jANl1FErVvnVV4PynGcD3ruOr3jFK/5XefRQWL7KbVJz7MugAZkwlbWqruxuu+1WBvZpp51WlOEuO+/S3WC9pV/rtPqzaNGiYsx4F9OVo28nQr/7eSh9rh3HHHNMyWugPOc5zyn1LRTAK8oBUEj1vX7BH6A/QRRv3dcrC9AK0OWeYgx9GbPS9K94cZlgJwJtkp8MyivAL874cK+9roL2C+pyjYIehNAJL1wUPdrkN6bEeab4xcGVcTAbwUTDAcavffbZpxjY+MMQ+FOvF8744BndL3/1y7Ko9ahtHtWPwc/34/2z3cMf8fDiADgWx/hnlDMqGUO77PLMbquHb92ttvpqZUI2tk0SeMHowSMTlUB/iKML6Gr16CsGi9MkJkSnPcTJw3kwMeIvR4RO4Lj7eThyjhZGnH5RJ13jK7t+Sk4/CPpQkE5HmNQ5W4yIjJUYW/IFyN1MAHkhH/Bro4U7C4Pazcg14Zt0PeMh0EcZt4LydriceuFEMugEO12MWHwhn35uDz6gfdMBBjK8+oFOYRg7qYPP5pbp4tUeRrBVf867Y3baPWjwjgf4CEeMLry0SMV5ZHxa3GDsOrJsUTh9G56OB3DCrV3k1S6V+ZKhq8/SF/CTM32GXrLEMDSWLP5ol3tz17Of/ewif9Fj8MODdrjsbCjD8DNOGNPGA9o5DXY44yAxxtStPfoBjcaExQM6SB1ohxddqXPUoH747UKhF/34Q27RJHhGC5uMvuBc4RGdgD5t1Rb6hF4gs+Kl4w2HRR4OAVlRJ+dCH6pHGnzitdO9OgVxMVbREqeCrpCmHmXkVU66eH0jj/7xDNACPGszUF7Q78rArUz6NulC+mEwqFufqR+f6C8OnD7HC+naKI/xzUn1s1C1LK0ooE87BAY+20t9FnFctccCIT2Cbxa60ML5sPhlkZAu4NwF0kZBP6INzeIzji0iHXXUUcUuVNZGCd2kLXgHL13DQcYLjjCdABe84qL/8Fc98NMXaCZfxhHHjZOoDL1uYchGiXxkVB751cuGNW7wGT40ky+8UQfnU9/DlTa66i954eBo27EHaKZ72Mj0s9NhTlnBKT8ZI1toAeoJn9JGvBCn3WjgiFkwoNu0xzzMGdUfnEf85QTjJd6gCS64pcHjXh3wi4t8a5846XjCPjeHox0uZfCS3iF3bPSMR3xRV/pEeXTDL2gHvPCHb/LJ4wroVt9WiJOrH8gjn87iPL2gzX7f3w40XltsQ4e5B/0zAeTe4qJ+Jev4S4dpizYPCyNzgDGdQ8U40kE+TmEgI1SYT6A92kuYCFgtWDUwJhm5jElOpsHi9w37zN2avfD9/ve/6w4/7PAyMA488MBug95IgGvJkn7i7/N592/Ntdbu1jRw+jLlJcAeDHrOs50YKzMUo4AWQODRI5zWC+nqq63e7bb77qVeP+ruCyNrrbN2d+IJJ3ZHHnFEMWJf8apXdiefdHL30d4I3GuvPbsnPPGJ5Xfyrrxq6U8x2dl1jFs9L3rRi8oEqm0GkL62Qqr94gis9iykHeD0P0UT3utLSiby7yqPNHzznLTpAlxjwWR4Uy60ksFAXTbpidM+EMU5CBkDwafcIA4KXxAHTxT1RDTLq25Ggzrgp6SVEx++ig9vPc9WMME5acHQ8N5vaDcWt+gnoe+cdXYZc5df/s9uk3ttUoyxdfr2PqWf2O10/7ifgBhBDAmLUWd9+6xum0dt0+1/wAHdLTe4VVl0Y5RzLrfddtuCnyFvQrUYxsBX3iSn/te+9rXFyBVndVu+Zz7zmWWFlxFhkjf2Gf2OLtM7dm6tSJsM5WFMmBDtIHGG7VTSDSATPQNEX6FNPfqKsScNrRYCGZieY3DOVD9GZgAZYhDikfYwAhkXdvsYU5yrgDKcPDvwdon0AZ0rMFA5BIwSu4+cCnKKF0AfT9dYwHP94AgwYCBZCGHAolE90wHt0VYOvPa71+/kzE4X43QiwDv9m/HJaLJ7wHDHE/jMV3AW+d5ii2JMMebGA/MrfOEVGgULANqMj5x0eJKXQaRPyZR69Q9ZZchzgBl3doA5s/QGGYMHXuUYeeYuixZoxVe4lLdAZadKXegml/KQUQ4hwxitHGCLUehRR+iOTppJUM9M1xFQ13iA99HvCfiRK15LZ8ek7/AHT4G05HMVAH7GaNfOXAX9mPnAs7rCC9faSRgE9KJDfe7l9WyBaakOXnpaT7/qc3JHhjjJysg/HVAXOtFM9uhQC4McLG2he3bdddeSh26iH+kW+oZzZxFVm+jvvBKAd6EpfNV+dbFDvW5nztEeH480N9D7xi28dDGc0dMcc0eI6YK8vqAOOMk+SB+hM6c/zCvRTZxefOMAywdv6tNW+C3eSDd/GGfpy7q/1EnPuCprXCq/+eabl3LGoROMZMS3B+ho/LSxY/feogU9BL8y7Fr0aCva1RX7Qt2u4tFncVQf0L3w6IfIK1nBWw4/WbFARhfgF/0PF/k0N8CnDqC8e2lpEzlwrJizbYFAec47eqWjhVOI9/oYHeYZdaYNcCUAfZ82uZdHWVftR7P24ZUFaXO6NE4xfuo7fW5+oPvURaeLo+8sLM4EoA1vP/7xj5cFBnzne2i7tmrPsDCSd4ABZjPEDBjOkF2FrK5g5nyDTPjaRrgEzwSEkAlWwE2ohJQi2PDWG5o5uuso+MVLuiv7Afjtb32rKIxb3PwW/eT+p+6Cn/+8TAw6ed0brFecX3Dl1VcVQTVYdDyFQUANckrMuwfi0ZNBZrAz5m58kxt399n0PssHRfrj17/6Zfe1r3+9W//GN+oeuvlDi1Il2I/qFe1te6MHHYt7Z9zAhYuxp08NRngcDaLwDEBKlJFuBdpKlZXLvA8x30G/Z+JJ/+C/OM9RQFFI8nsOJH5FQT8L48FEeFNOntCCVrSZGDLRSNMW8doVnOPhJlvykh2Q9qtPWu7hMslJTzvgHA8vgDd5IuvJ776mbyr4ViUwzjmJHIxeB5fFIgtkJjy0czochT7tgx/sftBPek5YPH/vvYvh1WcokyEHyCRpbNq5u1s/UW219VbdDXoDhnFgt4pj5DeV4bVoJa8JlRFHV3kdgsHDOdAfxjCDgVGAJkYJncCpkZ+hoYzFPbsCFjntKHBoYzxx7ukdvFcPMBZi7MpHN2qDydYOJhBnp9Buc1bq04+jBnTUY9Az2hmSDEr810d0LPmXpv0MBw4+XcjpsWDAQLCzCR+68cUzp0n/cr5i0LlOtz2MLIYlPqmfIatOuhbPposXDuMwu3xkKe/SWQgRR++jP2PQeNM3ngU8QQ+nAU/0XXZIyCy+coi9O6csIxReMoG/+IIO+iFjuR7PrgL+WowQzEvkSnn9En2CHnOl009OGTBE2SOMS3pN3eZkOkp9ymkLOUe7tjOmOdecdY4Iwx8e9xZoyD15MP9amCDv5MY4Qqe2xEAGoX8mYabxTxXQoe+0P/3oXsAz/a4fOWycSAa1gN9kULDLxOGsA7tSPmUE+eAwvvSnADe5cDVmE8gH2Ug/1IG8kQFOSxwDcklPoZm8GNN2n8gzWYYfkBt4pwPkNOXRqG0WyjibTjR455e+De30Cb5pJ17gJVk1j7C56Hi8INPyww3oYw6Ob2YYgxwJbdEmuI0D+Y0NTo5TFsYxPljwNC7MJ+zD8Ai/pKvDFSifeY0+0Abzj7mr/qaAKxz6Sb9qN53jVQVzlHbpW3lA5CftMUdZpDK+HRGG24IumaCn6AZOd8Y1ntnFNLeY29jO5Cby6cqpFOgToG7PHE5zn3ycQ32CNjoHX7SHrlEHnW+BziuPTgTRn/SAPlVeH+lzfa0e5WNryetUlQVOTj2a8N5cDS95Mz7oIX2sHvrWIoj+ll9AN/6iz7P2o9F9+gktgnhB35MLfME7dju69Td9CDj/wOamOT2LP2SOjQDfqAHt+MU/Mt/Rr/SxevFPm4aFkTjACKUwdIYBSahNODoMczF5vgFh0jYdH8HSWdoqThrj1DFEEybFSXlEEK+79pqieM7qFY6B//vf/b7wzsr533vFe4fb36EfsBsUR5nD7FijsqmPYFIClKJ31ggioQgN+oMS+tMf/9Stf6P1u9v36QaKdO8WXnbpZb3A/7IY1xv1A/SRj3xE96Mf/6j71a9/VQYABbv6GksVlnopA3WqwwDQ51a8DNxMWgY4+hnZDAGKbyFAlEzkXN/rI/1LQVMeFB2Dn7KjmKPclY38jBJqesYC9QqATAB0kBmTkIUNE63JKO0JnRPhBfBGFgfLuoqTRkZBlOdkvFCvvBlDNd2C8uIoSBAeTEbvqgD8pS/xyVgxieMLWrXPBMZZ+PGPftxd3d/THQ/qjaHb9uP98r6ssf/d732/N5AeVPJf0k+InKBH9ON4nb7PGCImMLg5aHgDn0VKcXQ0mRRHHk1sDBKOrXFtkrawJs1ky+liCFpJt/BlsuQQMAa1w8IX2eGkWbFVxsQtD10CnzbAR1cowzDzmgRDSdsZnCZgBqC8xo+QsTJKiJzgN5rU7xkv0cdYMn/Jp6/wiS7n8EhXBm3yaae2oN9CJ73HqGOMwRedLQwji2ikSxhJdK2FR8f67ErAC/8woI84/gw27aO77Ebo16QLGWeADFkQYTDbwZJmriNj5j35LMRwGBmhjDuypE/1tXrQjvfapw30Aj05Xr/LGyM/PFWv4Fmd5iGGKNn3jhpjn/4l//qFwaxvyBlccGov3npm1OlXCxgCWaAL4Y7B6Sq/73AwUHfeeef/tVsuT/pbuWH7Z66AdtZBPyXoI3yr84HwVXrGC94lBKQH0ufCWHkH4+r8daBr6WH1kj3jWhk2FYfHAqJFHPOh/GTFFc3RGdMBZQX1wke+yCs9bmzTreRTHg4bnZK86PMsniNFH7O78NgYxT9jK7uxvgNDb7Pt9tprr6LL4Uh+Yw3/8UL72aLsvSwIGsPsVM6ecnCTefQYq/QA/HQAfWFR02s1xpk8AH5tVD4OpDTtENCiDeYGcxe8xqp5SRl8sCBn7uOo45F5y/xBD8vHHuYkahMaPWuzhSuOo/5ll9MPFq30MedVWbxGnzz0nkUDpyzNzRYNHNGWp+539CujvJC5Q1u1Qf+oX536wFyC9/oQn/BVe8252k730p8WD9nZ8IV/eOAeT8IvOo0Ootf0B/3DaccjfUUO0Ivu4DHHo8WJXQsC+l5/eP2HvGgvPS0PWbDhBYdFBfON+Vnb8U+bPePBqCHyyR419xqDWVAXLwwLI3GAMY/QWEWwkkOoCGUc4PkGUUCuBMTgd0/Y6jS8cAyEAVi+4HfDG3Wr9fqbY4kvnEpHHeB4zA6P6QfKpv0AuHMxDO5617t1a6y5RveLfuBQRIyMX/dGljoMZIaQVRF12QEw0CkUA8/Al88A+HWvGL3Le+97b7r0BHWfvyeuW6+n5ZJL/qcMAINmq6227r5z9nfKAGAscIrR6Og1RUTxWAU0CVBs6mL0op2RawAY0MoblFZqFooDrA/wG79cAUVHqVEylJFVxLLQ0SsfvKKsKCVllJ8ukLPxYCK8ygkUW+j3zLA+/fTTS0AnZZ4JFcgv5Hks0Cb6gBIlpxQvmSSbZEkdZCU6Qx4463oGIfWGX2g1Cbl6FjwL8omHayI6VyVov0mccjdBmlzQXfqiH6nfO+e73WfOPLO740Z3LBPvxT2P1lpzrbLL67WEM3tD48qely972cu6m/Zj8uyzzu5uveGtu512emy3Vs9resfESjfArQ9MyCZKi5OMBOPUApa+sYiGt/pGnAmOY6VPGDZO9jDOODEmWPjpeE6CCRhuH77bb7/9yvcEOLac5fQp3GjQP/qdntDvJnqTKFo5zuo14YoDnpUdNaAJPcGN757V596VIUAX09/0HD4IZEucsYxXnGPtZ+wxyDLvCZHNhGHAeGRs4DMjlh7mZGqLOVg/TgfQBUfkz/xi3JsXGIfapo/xIH3IaDKWzV92lsgER/FJT3pS4YGycDH8zBN4RN6U52yQJ0YoPjMIgXkUTrpRWybiV/QByJjPvT5atGhRwbfnnnsWOWWI6jNyp8/Q6ll++VyNR468NjvWxxBlaKJDn4Nalo0VMos/dmosGOFL6B6kf6L2zDXQlvFC0kH4BnIvDR+FOp8+ABmD4vSreHOHZ3yXlhA8Na5ca6jLDAaQulzpHnrLNfIeuZUe+owHQd7pABzREwH1wG+su4ff2M5itPrTXuWMVYuZFuCcRGBrcIbRym60OMP24Dj41oRj1HQ/fpqD2ClpnzHHdufwci4t9pkv7PZZ3OEEoiFjVzljxcIRO5J9Q/7NOfQ6Rw1eoW4nPmu7eDaQtsBDDxhv6LKAywn1bPEMvRZXOaV0iXnHKzpsTLYv3PKoH172qTr0oSAd7+DCL84mm9ocJE0btV85dq5fStF+C3nmxuy8qkN/xKFEu2e2tmf0mq/pHHaxORB+jrQgL9rpRzTQjfSdRQ+LBjmSTqbCp+hC/BYnmGO0RYhTznmm0/SP93PNqXSaesxj5l2ntbQt85VdZnMIHNpuTqPT7eLTleZ7QV9oh/bgMd7Ar61OKcwE6C/8RpegDdqLFxmDw8JIHGBEYo5Jk9HAUDKAEElA5hPolCghEzoBtlpm4iaUBBcvCKSjGgwHzqMBZNIFV/zzin6Q/72UJ0Tr9gK1z777FCfZ4OD83vJWt+z+8uc/l1WWy3ol9c9+kv5+jwtueShGZaV7Joj4bbBE4YBf9srwz//z527je2zcK68blN0h7x9f7L2lU07qvvb1r3U7bL9Dt92jt+t+0Q+K737nO90m9753EbbF1/UORv9n4FCijnWox8vodjsoPIPVV6Cza2ywUVQUh4GzUIBiE8J3fUvRONaiPwxWkw3ZMTGQFZOaPhsG4BsL1DeRglAuCpUsy+tZ/+lrkyjFxnmiHINLHjDeuIaXbJqQKWKGsTZqrzFiQvUuuaOJJk3vHBpD+EZnkN+xQP3qrOtNG0NbIPnGo3E2AMff5IQfxpCxY0zhnfFmEv7VL3/VPf0ZTy87v/j47bO+XSY58vOdvqxJ4e79OP3pT3/WGz5fKBM758PCmUmMI2DCMrkyiNRFH3GijG/6iSNLBjJROyZqtZWsMi70nWeLeRxiuCy8cSKkW1l3XFQfAsYPQ4bMMGpM7vCjVdsYUPrYhAqPSZheRJt60GYBTr70+WD/rizQdkYPA0ubtIWBwDBgQDAmLGDYJfFetZ0iho3xPhOAb3EO8UV/uWeQCNMFY9YcXhv4+o5MMojF6S9jmmGq/RZvyY4dH8Yffc9hJFdAn8FDxzEKjX1yIl5/S9P/4jmneEZHaIc89Ex06SBIl0au6Fx58UEc/cUp5cjSJ44tMoDlc80JBffmrBjM2kOmGfPk3HiQJ7hTl7x4b4yae+2akBH9zzjDq+id6Er0zmZdNBOAX3gh1PfAFU8SEicfPmX81Hn0rZD8oE4H+D1YF5AuTf+R88EgnRyEBrLpKhgT+jr9Lj9c7pVh76X+FQX44Qs/Un/qCtCFaBoEdAHzAVknz/BwfM3hdBTdRC9xrjjBxhh86KZLlI0zp63Go/lIOfpdG9mZbFhx6jEuOEDkn01onofDuGbD0oHGBJzao114pv+0K/0o3rOresXTtXSIOthQThJZaOL0GtPGr7HpF0n4GegLr+AM7lzVG93gHvBR6Bx1Gu/0Ep7lFIuP5qnzyU9+clksRg+eRS7ThoB60mdpB97iB8daOyxM4GF0Hbrx2w6wBYf/z959APh1FIfjH93p7tRl2ZIty7bce7dxx1RTTA8JBEJJDCThl0AgQPJPI4UQQgsQCAFCaDYEsMGYkgA2GPfeey+yLEu2eruTrv33s6cx73c/SXZ0J1uWvnNavfe2zM7Ozs7O7O573zwplfIlHd1ZZ8oI3IK6pOUirWAuVZYe02doh4PeRot+ZWPoK3XSc3wHup48wOHkC5lgu1s89J44uwI9+sZ8r36yp41oIBNNfowW4AUe4RnZS9tHnXghjBRGxQHOzhAwkiOcx0XEbU2gQwTtsoLk62QmVAOd8Bj42k0gCJ/BxbAjMLvuukssX7osbinCyUB9dOFj8ci8R2pHW2XSuQNFgB13Htc1zreqYmxbe+y62+yYufPMarASXgKnDKPShA8IZxqXDE2CjgYrXA+UATC7GHAGy5runoqHQrm2GCAGiY/bOGqNliVLFsfOZSDOLoOpSFg8WgYvo9n7BgTOOx1WjCgmSlYc2g0GfGGoU1JWlijkbQVMroKxoG8YhY766SO7dN7zpFDxyiICxSivQF5yooADuKdM9SUc4vUn3ELeKye4b07c5BMO8ZSifhKvXObJdFfyKY3ccGbIlQnTJJhjWN6UffnToYE7cZkYObU+nmBCMbFwoilcdVLOdoxMBmRGHBmlnNVHvtcH6hCa4Bn/Mi2fMwzPvyUB/nEq8MdYtCBw1llnVUP8oYfmxs/+56d1nL3wlBfGpGIMPFjyLl68KGbP3j1mFv1qR/iuO++Ku+66M+684876G8E+gmX31KIV40QfckzwX//gOV4b8xwbY7jpADM6TJberUKb/jSWOXp0up/EILfotUBCjtOJMJFzaJQx4cPLmVYPvAkpLwyMfE9Km+lSsmMnzeSL3uzTpxOSDkYCA4MxkEajidmKfX7YiQzLvz5jdTRAP9mtpL+NPTJuLLqOBOClI4x/AcCpr7RRH1oAYDyrm9GovyyAosPuENlgpOhr7cczOD2bm8ggHPqYbJEn+Y0D+s1ijfzmKG1yn3pnfZCygd9oVadFGwtHdoksMJFzO15Jk7xkza40eSXLjHXp9DXnnvwqw7jGl6wLPdJSHvDBAh4Zp9MtFpp76cfsf2XkB8nXrQWS/+sLIHkHmmn4Ic196mgB4FHGgUzLoCz+4uvwIE3ZlOHhuPNe/PAAkiZ9LOSpALJBvwGyLp9ndaDF80j6NuUpAT1wGhfi4U65YgM0713RwuYmyxwEjg5gs9FVvnrOFqO/5IUTDvW4T55qs3jthVv74TQOjFkL+fJa5GF/wmcMWQwzjn0vwsIlHckGhj/5AjecqRcAXNoJ5HMvPZ1yOgM95h+Lr+xojjY9oi5tTV7BKWSb8r4ZxNEnArwW5RypZZfQRdpLr6HVayxOgOCbNPRlWxJ3EzxnHriB9qUcOQlnDtWneGfR1EKq+cLCr7nEwrL2w+V5fXU0Q7YTKMffUk595lS2uf4jw/qPTqPrtJuM6Ff14we6XfWpPJxcczta6X/9wRbhIKtTG+FGs7AxPT1SQD997Xsb9DsfK/k0GjAqDjAhNOGYEHS0ycGkSZizs7YW0NYcdLkyRYHYuWB8EsJUyPIQDgOAQeo483XFMLzyyiuK4Tv0Bb8VK4aOoJzywlOqwTFYyqwpirYUrvxrbx/61Pz9D9wfVxcDkxFC6Ag8AaYcvONh4if0Prrl2K1nxsTkguNnP/1Z3HjDjVWQvvyfX67HwzgnDJFTX/ayqgT6+nrr+4U+wvUfX/5y3XWmyK657tq6ys3gsbqXPyPBUWIw4AXj2SAxQVBSDGE487z+1g54QInU/iv9TuaNAceEKFV8ozykyUcuKEE7gAwvferYTy4eUDBZ3sRjsUTfkYdUagw5SpSz4QSCj/VQfAwyBqWyJkGyhy59iU4TkTyUiTFrYQNucqtessYpU78jlhSiMtqEfvfw5LimcDnqWZbTRVbco1O7ONFkQRkOGKVvBdeXh8mTo1XkhXLeVkCfmOQZziZcxoNjUyaqffbZu46xY485NnYsPNmh9PmhxSk0MZm8di661dju7Oisi2UMEI7uK17xyrrI1jfQX2WAMYP36sF7fUIOOJj6juyRAXH4rw/JC8dGP6tLn0u3eKOcMlaXlTOJcmrgJz/KSiOzFlHIBblnRJi04Ac5RugQMkt+OczmDM6ElXDyLU/K2VMNaBQAvjFmGAPGg3bTwfS9/kMv4zINgc1pEOAjQ0Xf4qcxluNT2BRQjl5KXqeOEtIw1s92CxhF+prOQItjiPpM3ymHZ/pdmoAXAnnGJwYyvBZa6A7Pxj2Z4QTD79n42BjQQSB5QB4Z5JxfNgi584E1+PAHbeg2VjgG5I5Bmo6ruYz8OsLNMKZr0a8cHriiSV3oZ5DTsdpNf6EZTdLx0b1244fym1Mmng7Ag41Byk/KVDOIa8Zn/ozDuxx/zQD0Q5Z3n8EzyLzZF3kF+iDLNoP88qSsGsv6Hi3SUp49u5KXrEec+jcFsmzS4TnpEaSJE0C2NfOhFS2uiYvcGlfkmWzT2eZzOoP8GodNyHKJw1ih48XhHV7QeXS8uZy9aRzR6ewXNqRTFjmOsi1CE7809wnu1dlsT+bVF/Sbe+OMrqU7ONvsCCdNsq7E1bwmJN6EZj3JOzyhg/CJw2sh01ysvdKG43yyoFzqP3rJAjdd5HsEeOf1OHYYHqsr7UPPym0KKM+u45OYU/GMPOgzjqPFg1wwUYf8dCDI/ka3+5QHIJ97/JJfkDf7zvzofrQBbrLApnB8XH84YYb2Zr+OBEbNAWbo28H4+te/XgdgGrSYN1rEbgmgowlCdj4BM2FabTa5aqsOSuVL2BkPnNW2tmIglLhdZu1SB93Bhxxc03afvXsd5OMnThhSCgWHKxx2WrzbcdZZ36vHmTnaVmfwlRMMTzWGC00UlzJ2ZRxdYKBNnjz0m2tXXHF5VYT6yQAw4H+jTPaOM88oNPpyrLZsv8P0eKgMmEsvuzTO/9X58c1vfas6NYxvxrmVN+1WF4cXLjShxUDg2DEk9L86tgXAD/2h/e7JhknTJGRRiINLyVFEJhh9y+D7xCc+UeMoXYspFi/sylGUnFv9TnnqM4sbxhU5YYgz+Cxy2G216KAuiywcaPk4IBwZilCdJjGyCa9jPvC5V1ZeMmSVj+OkHPwMO06Qvlbm4x//eP0cvVMPjEyTKiVL9rRbvdrK6TIejH8TGMVrgmQIMnIFkwz5wCf8MOHBsTXpio0B3cCQyBV1PDLG8G9K4atXFnafPTvWFpmS10+keS9fP40r5Yy3gw48KE4sk7Zjz4cXHbRT6YsyXRWnuK0uSBmr9It68Nb4Vt6YJaPy6L90YsVZoLAowun1Ewf5LhOdIr8J1Osc+pd+QQf66Ddj3gTlaBWH2SIHGqQbG+TQ5Gkig197peMBWVNGXWQAvfIB908XpCEg4A/dTt7JvnEoXZvwBd3076YaME8Gkhd0L2NHffoTTSMF41NfaWfzWdvoN23NOZ1e0V6Le8Y9mUCbtCwn6EN9T6+gNRcR1EGv0AvmTYt/dioYt9oD1Lc+UEfiVyfdSQ/SUYxyiydk0NymL+AR5AeuHHBzK/2GFvoQ3cqR6WY7st+bvDcnCuTd+E0dCJTVVnHKw9MsvyUAGrO/QPMePBGtG0uX1gxN2FD8cGjma+YfTjc+G3/i9FPmJZsZxMtvrnFVRp9kXkA+sr+zjKs4oC/lEQ+yvnweDUha1Ksu12acujy7b4bMg3btYy84cmtcGbsWhehnutazNm2IbuXhNFfIi1fGrjFrrJJ1c4Yx72SjumyAGEfoQPemQLZLG9yjj23EZmUnoMW8pG5j1LN82fZNAfORRVh1ag994Ni4sUpv5fzzv4WkCV7tYEvpD7y0qUBX2iSg8/QFm878D1JfbQqoz5xgA0o77GKbv9lgafPnGMg6lAHoFPSBtAwpJ+jMMZBjItNSDkcbUg7oWTapBVjzQ9Y7GjAqDjBCCRNPncFvVZSzZLcqhWBrBEYQ4eUAG5gpCNlxhIXQUB6MxaOPPiqOOuLIOOnZJ9XOpJAOOPCA2HufvYtxObWW61vrPayiyArf/AxKT8/Q+ycMY+/2GSBWwcRRAgwKg4dByhAW3MPPyJw0uTjohxwarykOsT459JBD4jdf97p4+zveEccWY1N5ddWfZipXjsiM0m+77rJr7FYG6kHFSPXxBMekKUB1ymdAMaYFBrR2kwE84ZTbkULztgKUm/brF4GRZAeWYWWCZqRR4JSPlUZ57KJQwGSEklJe/+lf/Yx/JheTjlU9K4YWPyhQ+M4888xq8FFsjo5abJFPunKMVaumDFB9Z1yaVM4444waz3jj+HCa1W0hw0RgdZIiza84WtBwzB+9Jjp4THxknqyRBeXJvHtXk4e6OMryk3/tFMfhzglMO9RJqWqz+G0ByIH2ay/5ELRfvPE4rmt8tHeUSUq+mn/dx2HKfVvhr3I+iiWuc1zhZYnHw7GFx/Byehk9xjOAV5l8lif5zbHNPrSAZXFGvAlU/xvT0pJWz3SaOkyocJFVukBfk78sp17yQGegjyyqVzn6yW6qBRMTtTLSjCX5jCHOTNL8VAK60axtqcvpuGZ8xrmmUY1H4jYHVNlYx091CMaZcSUeTZsKygM4so0JWac2Ck6H0GvGrj6mSyxoySMvutAEV/JPvyYOsmYX1rxF/yhjMY8D7BUbcouPG4JsZ9JJLznRxEiiIy2o2JkmU+pMnZRtY9yTKTpMPDnWdxZkPGsfPPn+oQVkV4aYeM6zhUntNIfLLx0+6dqhrPzSyDB5Ns6eLlA/3pPVHIvoxw/xmcf4Fpf82hBsLA3AsakA9/pC0p1toB/EawdA84YgZVKeDCk/WT754FmAW11kd0uF5E2C9pivOacWLcknJ9LiJJsQJA/XB9qtvdl/ySN6xjhKHpJxOsAOsA9eqWtDOJ8MaIO6yGC2xxjzGhmbx/zjlRnzDAe42SfN9v9vQDu0yfh3Dyx+2Y1N/bMpuFNOlSVT9IIFQ2OLHSbQe/wlegLv2Ms5d6Q8/m9Bfepgd3KC7frip/7XTjoaH0HqZ3Vpu/uk17jKfNIE+bTJvfbhv/4WtznHh7rwj+1svsCnpAG9I4VRc4CtEjlWZOBxiBjkhCmZvK1CcyLoaB9bJ98phS/jitE6cWKZiCdNjM4iQIzYgb7+6C2Cpwy+DSmqoa9kHlGcE1+P5ijZJclJABBmhgjlYNEhDU/C3N5WJnjKq0z42xXDgpPEcekqZXrLYIGDMeoq/4SiDGbvsXt1ujhir1z3bhehg1O97gm9CR0+9StrsBnY8rtuS5CDEW8EDiSlR/lQcPhJ0XIcGP2UHeeXEqTkOR4UI+VOWQl47NgRA9OuKX5zSvGWEWaHWJ9bnOA4U1rqc+8oHwfDMyOM4uBgqIdTSgZOO+20ikucY9acF/jQw+jjIDNGrSZSQt718xl8fa5tjD0OcMobmpuKCV6K2AKRtuGLMo4O0hMcbbs26lOGwsajbQHS2NRe/czAyMmoc91EOGj8lvFGB/jN8I7OXx/LA22FzW1jy+RUysC3uuhg3w5wLNp4hCONEmVSX8ChnsfHfOk3z/QA/cKYp3PoGbTlZKkOeDyLTzz5XGkodCY+8iikgYEW+eBgQNkB1G7B/IGe2u51dRgj8mcbni5AD7qS90K2A/+ahkuGzQHqw6MmPehAA1lyv6mQfQkv/KD5rA/ynj7hsKrT4gWDyU4wQEvOEa7wKue5GcgE+wDv6Lj6ilDRc3SA+WNjfa6ONLzIrGc0eMedjvQVcrpNvU08aAF4aOEXDXZ96D5Xck9fWkSkuxjgnum/zGfxTj1oJb/0pPx5+sbrHcrmZgAHAaDLAtFTCSkv+A3yPvmCH4J7/NQPxmszfkOQvFwfpPxsDkhZ0ha0otFzyt2GQDrdRF60NXkD4GyGbL88G2vnlgBJK8g2kUknwtgZ5mpyywYxrjJvysRwUN64Np7cJ39d4ce/vFp8t6DN3nB6bCSQvM463VtAYj/YMJBuF5WNwuHO+TLbsymgrLalPNmpZbexm6QlHf9bgIuMAXOiZ7rOZhl9yV4yv6mHfWVTQV/Jp50bk+ONAVrVR1+xr/CP3Qifb1XQreqQL+cK9SXod3kF6cmXHGfy4jmAQ5C+qfQ+EajPuNUOMkzG2JJ4J35DMvy/gVGdqRGMcVZXszNGg8hnMqSgEBw7uL7A7H5scYbFD/YP1A9QpeAzCBjA0hYXB+maa4Y+GuQlcIqN44K/8uItXAQCpHBLM7lTEvKsLspM2VJJ7Liu/KoVK2o88ddP6Ek8yhuY228/rdIFciAYJPKn4YFeoB7l1fl0rnQ/HZA8SqWML3jFQLIgwRn9q7/6q/inf/qnei+/icmHY+yMymfCEUdRenZExnsPH/nIR+oP0zOsctDrC/f6wU6KHY98P4cCR4c+1M/uU7Zc9R9DQBrnV512kOFFg77jBCsH1OGozuc///n4+7//+3jLW95SHW67LQxG9SZoM9x4oK6mTMCNNgsA8HzmM5+pR2wpNG01maprWwHjRl+n7LhqPx4alHaB61fYS/zAIKOkp6YPDAwZOf1lgvUTZe5B6pTUAUKmwUFeXMVnvwD3+kc6HCZju2fezSa70o11eh3N5MY9OeK0SofTc9aBTg4uvBb8PMNBBuEQyK0TCgA+RoGrfOQfvqQNVD6U9gjuhYThaa4MEPRkfDNf5fETgDbhh5CgvHjtcE1eAnHob+YfbYBbHclz90mPRYeRQvIU/uFtlJb9oV68TSdUXOZp9gF6lU9IXBnvmiFx6vdmmfVB0qEc+SKzfhrKtzCcVHnXu961Luf/C1kX2fZ1XKeb/GSX0w6ceLsM9Cljyz2ngeFqd1hdjEuOLKPfqyuMSs4Fw9Yio1M0+T0Qz3avlCfvTzXoh+xTPHWfhjnIPsyxgi/0fy5kbgwS9/rC5gJ9B+gI9/QIWQDo31jd8mmXPkx5hQNfsqxn8RmX4Yl4saVB8gTdxnG2gx5OvbohyD6k5/ELL1J/A3YlPsHdtAeFTQX1JZ/RK6iDPHJKLbihw5yVIfOI31RAuwV57WBffeMb36jBwtfGZOmJAH/RyOYxttg8NhOcSMFXbZLHKz9+QYXekV+driMB+O30fuADH6g6jW6jDznAIHmmv8zfbDJ9m/wF+gLdOR4EbdEf2TZX/NMPI+HVxgBN6syThnSssas+tI0GjNpsTXHqYJ9bp/x1BCaNRECf6aDtzWCnJnlSneH2wv7CHjs2DN6BAauYQ3lSKXCCfa35vHPPrUepTMQ6PwWA0pDfM6HmgLhmOkHu6Ois7/n6CSS9wQmfMm1abF8cnc7OrpgyeUrdXSbMwG4THAYGBUHQKT4KMQVenYRTW1wNCpMLepTdXINiS4TsqwT3lCo+GLBW+pIvyVeKx64qYx9v8Zhx5Vkf2hX1YSAGmPcjGVwcJrgzmBg4oPpav8CjHn0OpFn4QEsajBY27H4kDrQL6MkJAR36F840FgQOSx6vplR9ZMausjrJARkw7hOveIoz49VPTzAcGZ9/+Id/WPE4mqV+ebcl0E/anBMQfuNz6ZEheekbOgYsfmqRIe/pG8DKGcPe9a2LZ8UpNgYnFSeSXskxmWNVAOITcoyqT39l/zHUHZdj/HuGQ5Aur3JoIlMpb+I47Wt71sS4omvosskTJ9XFveKlR/uYtugsznn/2pKvv9CT8aVMR1up38mXgoN8MGrpEVftJJNAPWlwuUpLOVPWmEGXOM946j7pc01IfjwRJL9SlwJx+Zw8SfCcZbYWwCu8dk0ear9201UWwVJ+s+3J9yeCLJP4nmy/JKiH3sgPpuWOcsrM+iDlhfGnbs4sJ5ZOs7Nk99gin8VJx7HpOO+dMWI5zU6yON1mgYgBK8277oLvbgjePaazxfnAnSOVxtJTDc0+AdqOZwAP8M2YcbVghSfZB/p8SwO0mdPsbprX8DTH3xPJm3aTUyBv6gr35BgP6JWE5JWQPNmSodnP+s5JHuOAzWYuMC7wq5lvfYAfySeAvxYnBffS6drUr+aATCNTI4HktzqEHDMZn/MjkJ56flMB/rSpOFnGuy/6W7BKe2lTIfUR3rDzvva1r9Wff3RPl9h4cPzZaTj8JGP6TbtGAvraacPXv/71VYdxhs3nudgOf+pbMqGd4vCAbMjjijfi0ZY2KsixAAfZgueJZGpTAU3qZ5M4fehEGrrwabTq3PQebgBBRJBVjj/5kz+pEwNDG2jAtgZNhYkvGQhLGq4dpSM7igB6tuMLdHiRrCpcBFnHWx36vdNOi7e97e31a5tWu036gIBSACkQqejUg4Yq6NWhLjiLEcqxnffww7H4sYUK1x2k/mJkjynpdpR8cKetKJk8ggmXfkRXHg9RJyGUlgpJkF9ARxrM2wqkYsl+1x8CBWFStTNL2TkOZ1KijByT+8pXvlJXHh175lg6buf9HZOzMhzO973vfdVJZEQZS+oB6eDAp14KimMrTr2pwBg17sVzmKWRK3H6jfyIlw+kUtPX8Brbnhl1//zP/xwf+tCH4tOf/vTju9nqhEtIOVSve/QyVLRdm9CciyT4IsCtTvIkfVsBY0r78Zjxhc+P8684iH29fTGx8Iqs9JV8fh5NnH7EK3nFtbXJX4zV4lAacpxhaQBvAZzu8T0nuhzfOdFLh9vVYoV7+bI+V/nyqpx7fZb3XrXwagUHd22RS/nQ2F1lq+jA8tzT012/bSCdJLeX8mMKD+Qliz7CxXgjO81xJV1d5AzgHZ6ls5N6UL6UWXR71uZst3j0um/BEwPeC/iFh0Bf53jPj8iAlKvM7/pEkGWyXOJ6ImjiVpZsMDYtsG2sXnnRrg1JY9YpzT1dlQ4yWbIY6eOePhjoqKJ6AFlSxhUkHXCQX/wha6kfn2pI3iZ4Buij3x2PdJLHCR8/fWb3y6st2kwHbAzwbWNhc4Ax731vr/44bg6yTU8E2TeuypBl/dPUORYBtF26PiUjrtm/zxTQBh+41Mf0o0Vt99qeYUOgzeYc1wT9SWZyvk6n10mxfJWAk6SeTYHkt+A+x6P+Ujd6pdE1aDCW5Ek9v6kAB/4Yo+wSuI3bnFM2VY7JFh2S85FgV9nrXl6dUK88bD2/3sHWA9rb5PumAJrhMPfZQPnwhz9cxwoa1Iu/2f94l2MidXvyXj4BHsH9Uw34Z8ELTeTL+HSP7mzDSGFUsGA6oaFMCJLVDZ3wdDDt6Yb1DZoUJtzwXh+jUL6at4RMbx875ByXB6Xqz5zsuttucfJznhMvOfWldWXKxITP8uMxfhOGfBbgNZAJj4mcowsM9JmzZtXdJMqjSFP9aI78/eXedYiOYuSWwBDPydDqt7rkEZcDxXPeZ7xBBc+2BNptDOCHoE/wzOTg/TA/ru4jDt4L4xRSfvrGqtbb3/b2+M3Xvrb+ZNXcOQ/VD5J1FllYvHBRXHjBBfGLc8+Lm2+6uX4dvEpR6c6Bohx2Kg6yHQz1Ud4miDT6yYj+oIhTWeh/zq667dz4GNbpp59eDSG7smgx+eUn+S16oN8uL+Xjt30dM/QzWxxgyhs+Dq72U6IUlRV6K5veU8YDH2XwfQCOnqPOPp6BJxS0ZzQ7cki+thWgxCl47+rgo/cKc8xYsOoa11X1QI4t+cV75jxyIvE7y9QP560bi+QQbiBd/2fI55xEMi5DQjNOHvgYUa5kjXyRY3Wpc3W3d5SLU1Rognt80Rl2duWjf9b2rh36eFeRp7HluqZn6MNfaqSd4KVnrMRbIefIwEOXwE92yCN5Ji/kMulAH0OM/MAjKJd8gEc7kj+uOeG34MlBk2f4adHKXIP/eC0dj5tyhddPBClfyj2Z/AlZjhykc4mGlM8NgTwA7SkXgrqTdnKkfeSb3qLLOEk+KJQfF0xQBqgz578mH/AsZe7pADRk3wgATfS295nf//7319dbzAVnnnlmdYBz93BLAzx2Osn8wZHQDm0b3r71gbx0BxzKfvvb366/zX/aaafFn/3Zn9U5jL2UspN9KPxv5PLpAjSm7kM7+WUboD83MVIvut8QZLsT4CUL5IjeBdLhSBsjF4SMxZFA2q/qynFE75NH/aJeNox26HNtkXckAI/2eQ2LXeN1Q/fatzF52higMxeR8UcbyJ5gnmcDmvd9V0D9+Kq98m6sb54spG4jz3SXse49WnHqkp5twz88xcvhII+8I+3XTQW0kmEbR3bQvQeMP9oxWvppVD6ChSCdx5j1YRsdbZfp6WTelgAEqBmA3RG7NPU5wzro7y8KrPCREzymrSihkjS0y7NuZbkYua74Ko4icKWI0gjIuuQhQB3lapDpoyG8jJMhJSfezi9QT1VwpawjjG3wlHyMWvjkBVl/ticHLjpy8pCe+bcF0FYBbwxMvKVUAGPJSmkqNhOTDwzpL++OveD5z49dZs2KaVO3qx9DmzBufDG09oydysAfV/rDzv3E8RNidnFCn/fcod8TttNWzL/6G7FHHHVk3ZWAT/9xJB3po4DRoH4fkbB4os/sMvtNOu//OsrH0TBWHZdxFFlfwuXotY+gcX4pIVf9arfAT45Q3ha6nPqAA+h/yvaLX/xi/bmkPNJNgUmjC+x6M7i8q2dFlIHJ6fGOiuP96thWwO4/A9QCgZMeTgEYT0C/G4c9q1dX3jmVUR3MMl571/gi89AuVl2sKmPPuKUwOMK9JQ8ZFJ/jNGU0A5wZcuIVn2WyXELGkQ31ugrAbsOC+QtiWpEDC28p62vXrhnKX+R6ZTECfOHeIk49+TK26DN0Fh1T/qtlBHNHAr1Gpl2lZb1VlxVaXMUxMNSrLcagduCTRRZtI5/i4fCsbLa1BU8O8Cp1gzFt8YpTSDfQAxbQQMrJk+Fx5tF/xoCdCuOArtpYOf2IBroWTcaMoEzKvev6QJ0pP/ConwwpI8Aj3W6W37/37Q2y5Xi0X1Go+rfoMeXIm7JNQA9ZI7fwkMOkT/xTDdqZgIYETgV7zUKovjMXOSrpyHbzg0baCYe2WrDVpuRt9p/xqS/wM8epa/JTunyexYtrPuMREKcOvMvyQN2Mec8WV80d+d61fMlrNKAp8edcrH40idd39JV3v81PPlamX8icudkCMHzZNvjheTr6bmOQ9Llmm9EqkF0fjNImzi+b3FyOZ/gh/4ZAX+A1yP4DyqlPuqvFUL8WwFn0YU42yEgWsJv8BuYB9/BbeKJn6Afv5+cvSiQ9w8fgkwX4jW39TsbIBWcer+g06SnrmwJ4h4fo9DEvto46nCjRP2woCy9sHx/30hb1bWqd6KUXtQU/Odv66LWvfW1dVM7+yXrQlfoq5Qi9eZ/QvH+qQVvM406nsEm9goIe/ZY29khgVBxgjLRD5DiND/YYHF5aRuhIOvSZDMMFKJ/rxTPlzvgTUcOvJxs7Jd7JtePDCa1CuU4wDXYhBdUVfxN/gucaSro85aHWMZQorEtbV1d1dGu+8q/SNZQnIesaDuLR42ogbaoyeiYDvmh3KmS8oEg5uj6Cwkk0cH0cxSC2K8ox5XjOmD6jOjEc1kOKA7r7HrtX1u80c6c4qihiH6jimAoHF8eWElOP97f3LcbYbrOHfjpGHEPfEXkONxpMEt7lFJfKgsFDEcPrVQU0mmDSwVVOHFrRR7YYBJwzNPiwi+PQjCZtUy5BWe87+7CV4P05K+zerXFcmmGV75e6mmjg+r3f+706qeHj+mRsawSK3WKCBQGGnHcKGWeMrbXFwR3bVsZl4adlJMGuqVMZQ78RPrSYlTDG+C/PGYZ0x5AjoE8A+UhjRpxnATTvh4/f4WlwME7gd3W0ywfNGKW+huvDbe7J/4FFXuY+9FD8qDyffsYZ8clPfrIunnDqnWzxNXwnT9rby9gpf3AL5M0pBbiBRZs0FgA+2Q3mNDFiLSTIr10px/KjBZ/JvzIm+6aRkbxpwZMDvNQ3jA+yS5ekHqPfyEmTr09kQKYcMtr0JUPHDusTOcDKSYc7jTd4xOn74TK8PiAH5Fc5OJR1T/44EGTOsWCLd/S3dwNzoTFpy/YmLRnviqbkg7Rm+lMJOeaB+rOt7DXjA43/9m//VvnuGy4cDQ4jJ8jRzGyjV3Y4n+ksZP97p9EYZNjDa9zDSY85ASRdPsH8JN7Y5RBIg5vTqSx5yVet9KF0/IcPXjvyFl70jXetLfTqRzQmzXQEmRRvzlMWLvUC/NAOgd5ykumP/uiPHn/Hm55I+UEPvK7kfksCbQbaJ4DUn/hgJ98c731Qp7bM3TlXk+ENAVxkRHv1iQDwE+CNPiMD7Ah9bG7Hv8y7KYBufHaFx9gkL/qEzUTHkAvt0e/Z52h9MuN9fZDtI7/mrLPOOqvKFhlXD1tmU0E78FKb6BOL/a7vfe976wdR2T7sIXOcRbWco7RrJHxUn4AnFrksGjjZZ/EDTcaBRSZtlM/iY+qEpiyhQ/6mnD3VoG5yRnf45RIyjG/kN3XqSGFUHGCMwkhK0aopwaWgKCBEbqqAPhOhKUTrBenpYDZAmSFntGGYiSOY64QzB0bWkUL7hAOm5GnB5gOKxEClSPQHedcnTSVC6ciXBlSOC7v6dvTskCnPGbbzN27dRAyv4GSAjyCRhbpDv67P7a4BuCk3+FOhCZSqOHSZxIxR77LZbfWBBI63/Kk05c3xmhMdvILyxjYjycTk2Kmy4tUFh/Zy0jnVnGb5GTgULrzKUMYMZk5wrlKrx4S2pRkamwscV7cyz1jxjnfuZpCVznU/d8Sx9azvXdvXjePaV6WfXB2H1k9VLkoesuG9f/fSs09S5oS8r3WUkPGZBprl9a/nlAsgL8fFCv1nP/vZWFwM1ynFSOUEOwXg1AEZ+cIXv1Ac33+pk/Ftt98Wd919V915cjLlhOOOL/JbcDboAAwFCwOMU6vl3/ve9+rrA5xapwWcXrCy/cEPfvBxx4nhQn4spMDFeDYXOfqVpxSyHTmBtuCJIWUE3ywgkAc7v47PcpAYp8a5BTOQ8kIvkDuGLH67B/oIHkAnshvIFceGMUgn2Q2hLzYEKSvK5TV13pMB5eVNXYc2Ad3aRm7IE4fBzq8dLga+9JSbpKEJGeeaz+rJ8HSAfkt6QN4bo35bU7sYyPoCL6RzZv3M1emnn153wjif3rs15oxpTuanPvWpunvqWCJnVv+x9+h0upxec9IHHotTji2TDY63BSvjmwzJy/g3Z7g3xuUlW3Z9HFXODRXl1a28j4/lqzp0kB01uoejoR3mFHOfsmRDu/QNvJ/73OeqPnrHO95RnWU4ODvNuUxeV7hy/twSAV2CNgjk2CKCI+34Y67l3PnOiDGqLVluQ4AHQPvlS34A45ktYBHMMV6y4oNLxizYFD4l3a7Kq0tf6z99os/pCX3Kbsk+k2+kfaMeGwacaqcfyBVZ0x40bcq4hRO9yqKPXOeOr4Ump1zoFmlsMbvanDv58VabNwXwQUg7kN1l0c58aXyxrdCm73I3GKTcay+ewoG/GZe8fjpA/XQyB9iGCwcYLSmbI4VR0cqIEUxuySidwLjeXIzTKTpzQwHjWtCCpwLIeHO1mWySP8+UjvTM41laKpd8H5wja61NPu9PWghJ3Mo4Mloy1uAIveA9UGNO+VRawNhjgFBstY4SpMHFAc3dXXFZRn7l5MlJn+IW0M1AUBbduWqYChUY/3DJL97Yz7rhVE5e6Rmf/AKuDK1tBRigJkWOmf7An3QIFpU06XMeeCBuL8YdA7K+o1/4tapMXp5vu/XWuPbqa+L6666PBfPnV76WDqgOsXQOoCNQuQPD8NS/+oADAn/uzHDGyVH2CXAvL7rgNmkyJsXrX/n0OSOFAfHq17wmPvqxj1XDyweDXvbyl8f0Yqi87fdOi5/8+Mf1K/YLH10YF5z/q5hYnBvH8Dmufrs462RcoYPscHStkNt54+j+6Z/+aT2mb/EFPVbofXDxL//yL+vPPZAdjnXuRDHsnVZo7g5nkK4dLXhygF/4Zoy6B2TGvcUFizfJW/IipG5JWQEpY8pZuPAOpvffM58+ZwxmHU8VJH3kj0F69tln110hzpxTMhwJNKWueiZBtq0J+C1eX1ggsvPFSeIQW9Si6431PLJpQYpzycnlQKbOssPIIfHMEZYfXvjtGFu0gs9Ypdc4xOqSTm8wbNWrnDFNbjiz3sX0zQwOgwXb73//+9XZtigiD+cVTamXvLv8L//yL1WWvMNpQc5usT4zd8lvPhPQqj99XJJzTz/qa/rRPMUxSPlDpzrozS0Nks8JnjMYS5wfdOvHHI940RzD6wPl0wHLEzOuxq6gfPISHnVIV25jeDcGWTZtD8/otQhFPpxQ8OFNCzACeUn7YyR6XD3aoQ3k+5xzzqmnPizEJT2bAsoZQ3DjjbZw3jmi5jbzPEA7mZZfPqDMpgJ85BUPzevmPXpae4xt40B/Vhtj0aLabnzM9hsL7AL04g082SdPF6CXLFuUcKqwadOOBozaDrDJg8HEsPaTLVaedPZIBsbGIPFuKEhvQQueKjAGUuYoEIrIVQAGbiqSnOzlb28rCqakMQgcc5VbvJ08wdF0SlFZz72lbH0XvMT1+9pu75DDCShRBgelBYcJS73GA/rEm/StdjrmzOBMkJZOvLypBHPSdA88qy8nQJD4xUl3r246QVnpaBOUhSsVPp2ReJLebQGsap9++ulVX/rdXTxjzDH8fvLjn8RdZdK64Fe/KhPXRXXC1/cmUA4dg++nxbj8acnrGY8ZdY5HLyhG5XfP/G7dXbYzk4apyU3fm3AZj3ZZHI2zQ+MjaIJde/2j7xm6//Vf/1WPUNkRIx92+4C+k0d/y/fd7363OkKnvuSl1RmetfOsqvvbxg7J1PQSN6PI2rgJ46sD/+2CF5z29rfFDA5tz5pYtmJ5lQvygBeOSjOA/Fa03WSTH4dEGyzE2ImyGmz3kdHKiGWgc5KlW9DJnUoGOIMdzfCjWx0pdy3YOOgXAb/wTv/nEVa7d+Z6Bh/+CsawK0OLvDGwyKhyxjhDzIdgGOfkw44OGXOc0o6rxYzNuRiWumw4oNdOgzFpJ4i8kfs0FN0/E6HZXvf6hsPH0efwGycWoxjKdIxdI3OU/jJPSeOY6mu7V4KTFsafHS19xTGxOOWXKhj48utTi1Ne78BDzi8cXnmhr8x5dhEtelisUh99Raf42RM/JWWcq5+c6A9j3Id97Gga12TIsx01vy9v4Ytu9ZzvMqubHNIJPoBlkc7Ragt1qSM5BOho7ozhlT6nM8jvlgQ51tCY/ZtxbACLD/Q13ckJwit9m7bCxiBx5rwPJx5aVMArulPf5ekbY8WOKf2QtGwKkLXUExZe/GyQE0DmFHqHXKmTbJpv5B9J32gXHPre18WNCfg4XOQH3o3NEcn/vAfJL3gE+k4cuTJmvO/LGQbw05tOYFiYwVd504kFzTrEy7MxPSQ/59cx6/xaeo51czK7zyKR9uZPqhoX8htHHE20NOsgT09GbkYbtIUskC0nBuklvEDzaOniUbEAEErBOCr013/91/VH6SnDJHZzAfwbCy1owVMBBqlJxhWkYjZIKW5XCs1VMJkbF/LUn7Ep5ewEe3bctac4jmuL4vTMIybLyhVV6GFIvkt5H0KCK/FScMZhOpHqSGUhmMQ8O3Zscswx4iqeojTJuE8lnveUb4L2MTxy0Ut5bZcPeNZuhpF6GZaueKCMfPC6hyfromgp+MqHUof7XC0F4sU1IctmmjaipfJoXXi6AQ3oTLrQygk1yesz/aUf8ZghyVBcUfiyU3EaZ87cKc7+wfeLs/rdemyYbMx58MFaxu96Pzzv4erskhO8uqcYeJxbk6C6THQMPgaR+vUxI4LxZ3cFzxmFjiRaAYfDzjEn204MA9WquIlUn+kXoH79yRCC497igGrXuPFDuzTYPqbQNLHIwKQpU2Owrz+WLlocy0r92qytjxXDG18GBvurocvwYOyg0+p1LqLAm33ZlG31kjM0WDww5+S8YxI3acvHUcsyT8dE/kwH/WlcGcNAP/mwip1fsmGXprnLrv/wmkwry8GiA/QjOfJFTzt6efIhv+rLSIfTAgYnaHMBmUtImgX0oomD5hUudJArAe3CMxnW127G+Nve9rZqs3mXk+FvjOGD3zHmFDOYjbMPfOAD1fEwLu3wMpi9S2un1s5RjlV9T0Yy0Mvwqt+ClQUPxxkF+XNeQg+9AA8HmcPLYSB3FsMAh0F5egJwyuhSOgUu499cTH+hSVssmsHPCYHLYh/5I5dk1e4YmeS0oxEetADPW6rO2JAc04fmd7v7gt/bz29spBO1IYDTHKBPBLw0T1gMJQfeLbagal6Bz5glQ8qRi00FPKcL0JaOtsVgCyZO+vho2dvf/va6UGJOSp2U88GmAF6Zw8gTJ9674OqyqIOHZCUd2ORLzuH5nPd0RLP9qSvxiB1kU9CijTLkzCKN/L6lon7thgdol/u8qiPbm3k2BOiwm2vh12KQY/7aox8tJkiHD7+NGfRJM5eix/hCu3o8u9+ci5EbAzSkTkkdnPEbk+H/DYyKd0qIMCmFEYEERWhBC7Z2IP+MJUYC2U9lnvfGgavnDJ4pw6KN6nFnjq/d3f7evnqMta84DJzcOtDX5ekc1xXjioNrx5gjRJHlpKY+dDD80WEsMugotnQyPXOQ03EBymaaOHEmai4AAP/0SURBVPjUiWZ4gGe0qgPIrx645FFGeVdpFDWjRL2AEtVecXAxhuFDI0NGOwQGSip6yjd5JA14TsWXZYA4aUD9mQd4znxPB6gfDKdXO/GMwaY/PIs3Gb7udb8Vf/lXfxXvec974g1vfGMcfNDB0d0ztFhw0MEHx6c/86/x4Q//U3y1GG3eW5rz4JzCp5WxpvQl5xVf/bTHRz7ykWq0Mn6s9toBUEf+hMhpp51WjwK+7nWvq32UTrLynEZxdqf9/rN6xKOVQagt+sgEJZ8dvZe/7OXxG695dfz2G347rrn22vr74uT6wQfuj0WLF9Ud4CXFKNXPJn5Ob5Wd4jTrc7QJ8Fv1ZQj5cBYHyU4Vuk3WQN2McIasXWyTO1xogYt81l3x8sxAT9lFvzpa8OQBv3IsA3rCTgGnye6FvvnEJz5R+4k8AH1BN5Azcs6g1ZeOqnKqnD7xhWU7ExwRu3cf/ehHa1lylu8UPhWQY5PMcLg4TMaBODLKwHefMvRMAnSvD8TrI7vdHH7hTW96U91lYWwC/cBx5bQak/hjPDHg9SUHxQ6qcSovOWFUyweMc/JgPKpPuvnGvSAdwJl1ki1zlvroTvOqvpAn54R8XUcei4hefeBQeK2CQw6HhRRXONRZ59oC7FRtzq/v22Xk+Jib4M0+RquQBviWBviHJ67aKOhP/UB+7eh5n95CgFcNjDW8Sv2H39kvwL04vNZmeJzI+IM/+IN45zvfWfljUcgvR+gfx83x0a89OJ1jrMMxEoAjZQMN6lSHnXwfzjSHceostmlv2h4jATxM2wde75x//OMfr+3T72QMJJ/IETkEKV9oSFsIb/EHL+CWx0IMp/0//uM/6nzMkXek27vonFUyh+/KwYceeNImENACnzo2BMqizViAw0k/JzJ83M7ClVNSFhbJuXflfQSOzjUG7IIrb6wkeAYj5fGmgvayD837eGWuxxN05XgeKYxay3QgBltNQygiddxIB8WGIDtrfUGdri1owVMBqbQTTDJWvgFHwoqzySUVnWtOXkWQIah5fQDL779SupyFOln5SFaR5VVFOXKMlZFv3Vnp+kxBpZKCn3JQVqAIKU31eQbNyQ8tlGvikd8VDeKNM2W1Bx7P2YYmKJ/KWj0MXKuJQF7pjFoGCFwmDHiBNGVMFkmrgA7Gp4kwJxRB/gR5mvnRnbSoV7mny4BJHZiALnEmKX0goDt5qu2u+JY6zE9e7b77HnXRgBPSu7Y4lGUS+9UFv4o7iiH6ULlfuXJFTCiGJ7ivGC0mOHhMdtrO0GTIJy3w4JP+kK4eBo/dAvIqv36Spp8YUo4Hoh+N+Aw8M06smv9+MZT223+/Wu+NN9wYVxeHlIySVXVPKvTZSfjcv/1bceZ74oTjT6hfgdZ2cq196FZn8kngVHG0vAvM6fLxHcaRY7Q+jmUCt5vNyMA3ZVOGGeP4y7DRxmx/s09a8MSQY47c0i146dlJkre+9a11V8biiXc8OUUc2pRpfcpJ4pwwzBhijreSQQY5g5rzRcY4W8rAPVoGzvogZasJ6hSMA+01/siJfOJByv0zFZptNs7o264ynq8t/WNXz3VhcWb9NKIFi38v/blbcTgsCjh18oniGNx3771xUzHafb+AHqcXLKzBlTw0PhnUDHr9aTyC5Ccey0M/C2QBv6XBSb6kA0ee6SoOEN3TTS76B2LmjBnR2dEZe+2xZxx60MHx3GefHO9+17vjr/7yr+LLX/pS/ME73hEdY9pibXdxlEu+ieOGdvToBK96oA8Pck5UX/Z/xnnW59n/Wxqsjy5x6OcE+4UFetM9x87HFu3i4jO9jq/6BB/0Ed5ov75wauhv//Zva1986EMfqguleGahUV87Bm8sc1DgwCeLFZsKaBboGHrcAgZ6ctETXXS8Z/H0CtqcaNpUwAdtVSfZMB9avKGvfFvCwoGTVEAb0WBuVI5+kqYswHd8xAd8TXkyB1sk8CoPR5MORD9fycKN/uAca4dy2sTewQv54BTQJ31jgC70oNFYsRiufcqxx9CPPrSpQ142iHk/f6pSfnFwocHVOH66gH7QH35dyBXN+CF+NGBUfwbJJGeVwwToCE2u8GHkaIM6dVQq0eGBwBKCjQEcTSXiWVnClmmuw/MB+AmLvM18YH15xbnqPIPCu3voSx5lWUIor45GS97jofo8Z51wmTworzQc8ATe5IP4psBkWQFIe6ZP7E836LvsY/zUB/qLkrQCy4i3ip5OMX7rM0G/DPT1VyfX7q5n/e2Lz8DRaGmcBDj7S96enu4Y214mDAqt/dd9p28BerJP0YS2VBxwCPLK4z7pznIpIynjGScdfcpIc68ckCZ4pmDlpzjhySM0WVacAK9rlpOuXDMfHI5YmrDzKNtwSDxoEtSf+XJcwPt0QLYFaCcgH1bXvSPn3RZHlPQP2h1nNgmf8sJTHj8BcMvNt1Tj461veUvVHXbb6uTWs6Zel69YHm/6nd+Jnu6eYpieF7ffeUedzE2sgonacULOKn54v9aOLYOF4WtiMTGTUSvG5BKNHBSOKaPHTnW+M46fQJ8xVqzMa8fxxx5b65k8ZXLdXTnqyCNictFv8tsl/PtiUN10803x3j95b7zxd95YJ/hHyuRrcvv2d75Tj35zguxCCV6pcXzv5S9/eaXdsTv6Dr/slOOTq7aSDTuLrvLqbzz1fjK+ew9RP4jHUzStT5ZasH7AQ/wiP/jnGQ8tbtiVYQjTb+Z+C376iXzIQ6aV06fGgzmOgct5toNsl4euNMbVIeTz5gb0ZQDoI/9kBR3aoL3uGZDPRNA2/WU8ZB86FdFdxvj55/0ifv7Tn8X//OR/6jjfvoznSRMm1vf0L7/ssjJW31MXKcxBPzznnLpwNXHihLi0pNERcNFB+tyCiN9Kxi+nM+gWxz6NR7vEdp3oB4sdZICsWDjhRItjqNs88dEr9HodxGsZ+sLu48EHHRQXXnBhXHXlVUVPvXToWHXpH3gdkfYaBuf8qiuurOXJo/Z2FYfNSZS5Dz9c5VXb6QX6Tj56RzuccnHkFv05Xyj/dM0dmwr6O3WdsaVf9D2Hi+NlwYLu1/Zsn/7QR3SsRUZ5zducZrpffyprbnXsWT86Zt20PXMMbQqkrshdUE42GvgV6iQnZEw/a49FGfKir57IMdwQqE/78ca4115tMs9pk/kEfrwU6KNsq7mrLiCVutGLf5xy/JBO/3HcyS8bEL//5m/+pi7YWvDzConvHXDoLSZJt9ivDLzqQhfc9I768Qi9GwL1yq8/HVVXzmsMeOiL6p7Va/GYDNiJ5qdpr5MT5lOnQNSBH03ZeCJfanOBNhuvFlZ9E8CH95IfozEuR8UBBgSXwiKoFKPf/syJZDQIHQ4MM6tajgn6StwXvvCFqjj9dIZjVQTV0QydmBOYOJBxJln3BEeHYzZjkSBkXsAJ0A5l5M20FHjxgnj4BPiUc5WW5fEGnxxJIfAmB0JL2HOCVR7gm4AuyomzjGaDDl5KyY47pUDZKw+PwQnUBxcc+AWPPMqCHDBZXws2HfAa4GfyF88d3bDY4R0QSgf/s5/lpdz95itjJONTXnwcyDvCnF47aRQjR5hcef+zHp0udek/eMijspSn8QiHkP2cdbunoLPvxbnKl5CyknIrqJcsiXPNdGWzPJwCB8iYpHx9JAdk3U3wrBx8cHjWJnnF452jvCYmR3o2BmhWBq1JJ5zZlqcDsi9BttUYNQn53XQ7Gxw6NAp0w85lQjrqiCNrH+pTfFy5YmWc9rbTqkNL773znf8nnnXsMfXns7xX+Ruv+Y36k0KMhvZyNbGp1+TmQyh2T+kquoNhSpZ84ZZMosGRZO9B+TkGNDNK6U+yxFiU306fyVD/0HXymRjV4/1kXyXfsxiQOxWD6eKLLqq/A+3L1RdfdHH8f3/+56VPxsZzTj65OL+/E7OK07RsydJiVN1djNoLYnlpKwOLk+TjOgwCtNHF7hldjDP6T1sYdgxgjpR3CTlhDA38ZciijVPPuOWkO8qdMpEyQjZa8OQAr/Q1HiYfBffmHosgZMcCBJklY2SZk2PBhaFHlvSt/jPv2YljdMJhfKojQxqSmwPgzdAEz2jJ+3wWnomyQt+krWLcesbX5O92pd+OOOzwqn+Mf787byztWPpw1cpVsceee5S+Orme1BhvB7WUe35xaPfaa++YWsaUOQSP9LuP63jlgM6Am72ibgscZMJ4E8eANWbxlL6zyEaviyNPXmewWEYPcGzJHD3i/WR4b7vl1lhe5OukZ59UF78mF/0wf968Il/31HeSL7380lixfGU877nPi8OOPKLOk9mX7uk/8mrxkf5Vh92wPCqK1syfOhldzzTA+xxXdKh+sUhJf3KO6E4LhznP0pXmGe/akhWvKlh8ZK9agFYu52BzgwUv+JUlT8krcZsCyWe4XNmw5knB7qR3Ws1B6rWrnQsVbBLxmwrqw4Ocm+HSTrvbZNpRaM6jBWg8JDvqTVqVA1leHHrpO9/QsNBsPrKbTu/JY9z4eBjbiDNvnqcvOXr4zF6STz+QeXWZc7V1Y45o0o8WDiO/QB3GhdcWLFqwCyxIshfJPH7CKT+bBG/Ntzk+1Q2f69MB2u1UmvHqA5d0DXpGyykfFQc4O0tn50qCwUPZpKCMNhAaji4HkHJk4FhtNKlyNnQkwTaA1K9Dq7NR6DHYMY9DmQJpZ4VDSiDEKUMA8l5HqBMeQqqsQaozTPji3acCoDiUB8qrl1KCh4JnxBJ+ShcoK1/SmnwT0KAd+OoeHnV6j8ARihRuk4YBA5oCArdyAsgBnM95bcGmQfIPn8kcvpM1MmWhw4RhZS2PaMonnXzIaweYM0vBdZQxw9gY8IXntWsK0qg7vaogF71FfvwE0sQif1blFy9Z/PiCR8oQnOSFwak+dZFZ9+RDPnUbn+REGTLFWE2lS+GTEXWSWfHkRjn3OTYE8eLQD4+rSdNKsjZb6ZSn0l/SE4/gHo6Uc8/AvTb4kiEnxsolRw2gPwOQF8CH/3Ap614b0O/+6YBsG0geuDIGjV2TDf2lrxzxYpAxNPfZe5/St0vqOBdXv7ha9NotN99cHd5XvfpVdbK7+uqrqs59wxvfUOWCTty+6DCTdeoLfILHSr4yJmjHghlEjCBOMrroNPqPnrO4hnfyMxTx0E5s8lqbxMGD17Uryn8PFtwWP1YUHM9/4QvrkcmPfexjRTftEx/+pw/HK1/xyujq7Krv3nQW+dt7v33jFWVie+WrXlnfxTNBk1eLR1bD6VF9Z2GVg8twIwvSHN3KCd/ugBNIjBcTOzoZIRZFGfV2sUDyX5nslxZsHPAS3/Iq4F2Tf3QOeSNjrvrPvCqPxQlHJh3JNE+RN7pHGpxC4nLfvLZg0yH5mjrXeM55n77ZuYz9I4vjeUgxuOmL/Yp+3XHGjvUk0tQpU4ttcnzstPPO9Qv0O87cqaTNqItSdPqRRx1ZFz18X4C9xY6BQ5oxy1HIxTWLHOojG2wedpbxZ56hfzhVZIZcWcCzE/0Xf/EXVV78xiwH3c4tPTOr0OM7CMcdf3wt79UPRjGnwY4up+XEQsspL3pRTCr1ripyiAcWkOGnN9AInzmOruNg51elySX+oI8eyvnwmQRo1wd0I9AObWcb04/mHs4R/QnwXp9YrOAA59Fm84538y1WWSxlX8IhP2iOWfKlf/BvUwDN7AZ00veeLXCQHzRboCFnFlnQSY7lyfybAsrrf/0Lj3awk7TLXEhvGTtOSJFLskOmzdnai8cczPRz8Nk85KizhWpjAj/ZP/gLvzlTnZxQ8yJeWng2J3OCvRNMPgXjBV3sGrxRJz0Lz4YgeaId7Am0awN/iJ1hLHKI5TNPkhFt0Nf4aMypGw6y75o64+kAfcHG8BE2O8B0BTrFp/yNBEZtBxiTrWow+ikkxhLmYt7mAMLHOFbfhz/84cdXbOxSWE2kgHUg402nE1qMI0g6WBogtITSZC2dkOl0cYREvLoIFMVBEAgzg9LKoYme40Ch5kCkCOBVJ76oM/HpNA4rITSgrYiqU37CnYafQSmvssAgg0seA8gqnuPmlBhaKHB8T6Fw1Q70uldO0B/NNPB0CffWBHioj/FXf5IJ8kkRWpxhAAJ9KJ90ikefLF+6LKaVCYdMOqrV11/wdIyt8kTGtivypr8K4ipDPgY9tpTzG6p+asY4y35Wf/ZtXoXsf3HyCeSI80zBkj9jxjMc5I0ca4t75dQDh7LkE17ymc41I0dZNNqts9Bj4nKUNcebtisvjzjl8UQ9cEhDj3S7A6effnrN50McJmX54BAyX4Jn5ZWzomns2ikUV/n3FEPyXkAn2rN/tIkRYrybAPHOOPYzLI+VPnf8ytF5u6L02pve/OboLPJgF4PsCPhOFmbP3j1e+tKXRM+anvA15/kLFlRDAW46y3FrziEZxA900NV2103sjh1aZdXf9BF9R286moUOcsIIomPwMvtJPGfX+2IW43744x+V/jqjHsF+wxveGJOnTon//Mp/xjf/61txy223xlnf/178y6c/FZ//98/HLbffFrvtPrsawH7KC0/Iuz5kANv1924v554j69g3uk3aDO1///d/r19uJbPa8dWvfrXSbeEVreRK2+xCWjkmh2RGPSmDQgtGBjmOAd7iKeORk2uXxlzMYBUYz+RcHxsHLdj8kOMVpHNC34LH+8B4LvcWWqOt5C3jbPsdpteFWGnmGfqe/uUcey3Hgm3TrjI3CAB+NhIHhiyggWyQCTg8kxt0Gf/GsPlHHeYNu31O9pEZ6anX0T954qTYrTi6XhF69JFHKp6pk4deheAE2/l91jHH1PkU/tVFR3lX2M8N+igf+RPoOU4dp4BeVD4XkhPoCZB8e6aAdgvGZepVz+YXti9Hll7kVJgrLdBbWNROfWhusGBv18349Q0GTmhu+MClP5qQcqa+TQEyY75KG0Wfky9OqPkPHeYucdlP5gMys6mA3uSNdglp64hDk7nGDi6bHD84qniBrpRJNLPl8JRtj89+t96Or3zwmVvllxf9FgLNyxxm85U69IP5ltOqfrizDNrwxL20DYE86kOjxWT9yXHkHxl/HG5pFq9c5aUH8NZ4s9DObkJjLmgM7+unErQb7/HVaxLmkLQxN8aHJwuj5gAjRqDgrNhZuUHk5proCCfjyIoJA4cQ6Syg8wx+AunlfWDlUV5fPnMvj11YhpVz+hwVhiAF7BiMgcXwslvM2ISLYs6dMR90YazKz5Al6NrOKJVmB4XzIo+VHYao1SMDjoA76kMwOa062LNdDisx6FGPFU3K2kDHW1dCaRBaZUohtyPkpwwoMWAQMJzh4gigCS50w6Nfnk6h3hoBT8kcBaWfyIx3G8kP5w3/xVuwIbeMdcrOkfsbyzNnYs/Sn/PmPlwU7Q9jfpncOULzHp5XjQCyadHjvvvur+WUueDCC+sqt8lbnzuBwWki52TIs1VAkwb61GvSc6THzpjTE5RwGqbkmNPgCoefOFGObKObLMMpj/pMpmnQckLItcmTM2Xs+IAJPUD54osx60rB+siK9qjHeDFp5FE5AWiD9vhoTh4TxldlyDfeUYzKGfvwA2MZ7SZ3kyfFD4xH455zhJ+MLhOCiTeNN3Vrs7qMNfcmiU2FVNKuicc9vlm8wkv0oxFtds4ZZe9697vjBS98QZx40onxHI5rkQF9vf30HeL4E0+I7Yrh6cjii1784jj+hOOrQbi08PCb3/pWnVx9bdIOL0NPWyzG2AXVl9rMObFoR3bwyESvr9CBl/ghTXnOI/7Tb4DuEOgT/MJHz/Dsf8D+9cg1ZxkudaAncdgx8izdvTbDwdjMsUOnkk19RO70NV33lre8peIgr+RMIGfkwRjxvhNjFh59Rw7k0e48OjW8H1owckgHGD8FcxwZIz9km54QTw4T9Pfmsg1a8GvA91zwIffGgLlGnA9grVk99JVmpzFAf9GhdTG+qzPWrvHtkaFFKa84cJKVl85ZNocBeOGXJs49GXBN2VAfm0qcPMao/GRAHvfwGPvG7WmnnVbzqEu8e07G+EKnd3q1a1zXuBhX7tHVVp79jr7j2vJy0KssljSLxUuLjbVq9ZAjDyf9IB/9k3OkdgrqUxatFVe5PpMg+wFvsx8Ebdc28RYS7TCa09mIeKKPLGj68rNxW3yD+OAHP/j4IgeQB34Bj0Be1ZH3/1uAT/m0dz3n/KKv0O7e3KQO7cj4kYA62cfsj+QXYEt4Vhf9ZeeRbLA5xFu0MbcBPLFg7KOM5ly/wCAdbcprC3rVBUfaieZbNjt7Xl5OqDk2ecs5ZiuhhZymMypsCJQF9C9/w2KHuY98Z/v0reAZiEOHvPifMpPXpxP0MZsFr9gi7BJtxPOkfyQwqg6wzmMEIVYHg9Egcn1AkChLRpK6OIwcTU4k5nimBDitnhlbFKsdEowkoJwA6T7igH6GuyOEJm4rIRxkPwFiC975eFe7Wox9wDjj6FIgjDKDBA5ffUOL/AxPjgc65RHQwQGwAmmnBk7vGmgPAx9+jgkjVTrQBsKoTRwDeL1Uj+ccCQ6wgcp5+c53vlPfi6bMGIgGWP5em8GEd/pFm4UWjBwo51Rs+sog9Q6IyUPfUCz67otf/GJdvDBGyCgFd/4vfhlnF1l0tJOc/M3ffrD2GaW048wdK067YWRjx512rHKwtvQjPHfdfVddPeTE+Qor+eVsUF6UNZlKZZsTO5mi7NDLwSQPZJcCh1M9HHY4KB9tee9731sdEc4GvGSMY0HRGgc+UsLhNZFqg9VSk4rjp1Zv5VMPHsjjnRhjBA3GISfY6Q1KPk9YWJziRDlGZLLh+HsfFW7vyxh7TlJYuaTg9QHc2mFCksd4NL5NIMYHp9O41g/aYuzKa0JQrzbjkT7Et+TZaIM+RBMH2MRHJ6nnzDPPrD9LpO/VLZgc8QVtntFFj5AtZcRJs9jiWLW20Avky26q41b6lFGJT/LnpKLfTZAcTOXSyGAciRPkVZdyZAHt6qVD6FHpcFih5dhalMNLuPSfnRlOr3grz5xt+fUHILvGR7aF7Fk0sfOQP9NkDFlR1070wUcuHNniFNOl8AOTJKPeeIDP8a/cScp+BZujX7c1wEMykfOJPvcM9FXyO/tWukCGPLdg8wKZZ0SC1G3J/47SL2Pr7iijuoxt79uUvvOl+SEHeE09YdRZ9I8+HaNfS/nqeJQxRnfD6RlO/elefBqqGZr9bSHSfJB6BI3GNNuEzqL7jG+7x/BLpwPd964pc2zJu7LMm+MnDf2OKRw9xZHnlKvDb417T9h3NXzR2q61j2X5ZQX51UUm0Qp3Ln6mjdWUS8+17aWOZwqgNduRbak8WicHdC1+5rzCAbSw7SSP4ANT5l4LmdK13/hW3jOepR3Z5MtI+ITOrCt1SOqU5r1r9rnQ7KtNBTjIAPlKEJc8VL9gXjLvmq/Y9GwUdjv7h01ijjVnmSuTXtDsC0E92SY2vvHAdmLPsF/MZWwh8eZ0/kFd/Ck0Ju4NgbqEBPO9+rLuhOY9OuXJeTHTkv6nE3LTgi3HPkFn6ppmOzcVRsW915mpSBhOTQND/OYAyoqDx1FktDty4L2R008/vQoRQXX23nuIBpYdVoLqfQ8GOWG2umXXijPKofTpc7RjOsckV3kY/47Y+YIbo41AUtAcFoaaFUSrNTqF8s8jDPIwvnwQjBHO8QX4pfNcDRr0E3SfSveTIn/9139dJwg7uJwNuAi9joebk2+3gwGLvxSTNkvn2FjdYxxygh1N1C/4lHhyoONhC0YO+lEf4Gvy2KSCv+SQDKUSpMgY6nY17Wj5EqqPddx17z2xeOmSWLpieawufTlpyuR45atfVd91Wrh4UZx/wa+ib6A/Dj70kDjmuGPj2OOPi/7BgepAkSH162MnDcikY7UcA04rJ1HdDAsLIb7U6fSBo9nkjFOIZgEuC0Dk1lcCLRyRTeX99iMHlFNCWRtbZJ8jq60+nMGxNa6cyoCbI8TBI6fphJp4HbHy8wrGnLFrscjkmyugTkXYvXOyQxn4OaqOvuJxOlqcKRM6/Mauq3bgBecrVz+NS5O23/gzWXH8OGzoN4lpt3oF+HMiUWZzAH46icLIQKc2oh+PTKzSjVvP+KVN6JFHPDrxJINnfOBsartdfn1lx99kTS/gg/bAnW3MydEzEIdXruqFW53y4C0dk1dAt+pfbaH79Xc62coJ8mQbyARn1BXAJa+0pEEZq9f44t5VujYqB5f65ffMSaerAdrls/tvccdiD7lPSLqzrhaMHPRNyqeQsuUqPvPoF/InTb+2YPMDvht/eI7/gP4QgPEgdrDMLb3F4W0v+oBz694i0qoVQz+B4ov09RcIytzkw1M1rvSvsWvuEdRh7Buf6vKcdafNIR/HFigvyEMe0GrjwZwIT+oO5QXPnFmwZPHQ74EvKQ5zfW2o6Kn+/tKW0h56cHqZw7Yv8+6U4jCACZMnVVx0q7zppNM/7lNWU07FC5UHZS4Xh1eVX+U+n+VxnzBEx69t3mbaUwmp15NWQb/gobYCzpfdXq/SsSktCLMfzBvm1ZQRuLK8Kx65x091ZD/qo5EA3ADOlBd4k46kO+sbLR2C7mxHE+iq1FfmZ3McmyG/OcSm9440n8M87vUbTppF/icC9SX/LDiwh8xzTq7ZELDhxkZxosl4UYdNEPm3JWCLkkm+DPkETfkYKYyKA0xwDHzGOGOSwZ2DQfzmAPgpGgOREa1uux2McLtOGGdAeRGd0c/w5TC/4x3vqGftCamdVoKFuY5G21kFcGIwI4oypQzURylrK7x2bOxIcIIZYQQ2BxCFmb/B5pPnjsAaGDoyy+cAoGAZ+uriiNuR4ihzMOzs2hnTTvQqqw1Whzi4aGQoag/6UoEzmu0gcijwg9NM8cuvXvXD5f7JDNYWPDHgP/7iLZ66N7G66j/819f6R5+Jo9j1A8Unn3tlKF15yBVZYjTYyTUx2dXyfqQdTIsjJmGKmAPgHv50OjnfTgBYPVO3hRvvy6fT6Yg2eSLXxim6OejkS93kwySjvJMSFPNnP/vZ+iP7jtE57SFdPCWdO3QWlyhvdGt3AvrUo4xFGmNCHu02NrQn+ZXxJhaTD54YC8BOpglDsIggPfWNthh7ytIDxolxSAdom/HFIbJSa4Hsd37nd+o4zPePsm58hAMPNhfQLYw9dNA5eGhi1R5yBNSvbZ4zoEtf5eSceek8q8cWByyOWSCw0OF9OotrVo/1QXPMw6XN5EO7yV8euwLi4RcvX9KQfLLwJg1e8Z6VAXADuOQR5GnyFJ/JGlwg8euL5hiCPw3RZr8kH4AyxpL69SceMKjTOc5ycCVtLRg5ZF/gKXkUkr8pn+kY5NzalMEWbF4wLug4/Ac5hkBP6QdfbzdmenuHfrGio6tzaBG26FJHiTmVdlKNRQ6xe6DfjV96hc2RoC51JKgr7UDjnN4zZlMm5BWUo8Pgc59l0G8eUX/bmCE9v+POMzUkOsZ2VKe8o3Po+whjCk12iDnFA6V8tnNF0f3A3Ihmcw0ZpCfoXfSIT32GHu1zjxZ8kYYmaejONnh+nJ+lfamPxEl7uiBpSvDcjDM28daYdNXe4WW2ZdB3KaMJ5JzdwsaxiWHBPhcS2D9kSHgykPKF9zZJbFiYp9kwbH8+jcViH4IjezbpyOu2BGTUWLX5YaPGOMzxNRowKg4wICxWL+ySMogJjZCT46ZCc9BqfCoegdFMOTlWx2HgUPj4FuNfvfLYAWP4U3x2eRhb8BAwxq/jmpxUu1YpwIwo+UwKdoiyHeqiLJQ3ECjOXEVMINAMSPTovFTi2pCKVXAPh8lAntx1diXk6Vzb3UATowEtnGSOOwfIbrb3DbwD7F0O5YGf3tEPjH2DlcGvvqw/AU3qb8HIIGVUfwNyR1ZMsGSF7HBqyI57cpMyo0/0kTQyJx95kE9ZQE4oRYFs6zP3HDuKlyNKDh0fkzdllPI0IStD9i32kB9x8sib8suhJWNoz3db4NMm40F+CshJB4s9lL+VULgstthhxAMGDDnldGiHMUp5wyMvWebMk18yyrGWRxp+5djwbi86yG5OKBxxbbUqqn1wOn5rnKpbPfBknF1kTpO+wC+LTNppTJnA8Bt+9DqChOcCRxnIC+/mArzGN7rJmNcPjpJzXN1n/+OJZ/kzTpvSaNGHebXg9+d//ufV6eVMC/qKI4g/WQYkr+HOtgvkAs+1nUzI19RjmU+aq34QT0bEeU464dcX6iW3aFwfKKvvyBz+qxNucoQ+5fRXlkcjmtSFF0B5AJcFGKvzFnPgAvKiL9vSgtEBfa2fU5ZSVvWHOPwXxLvqB33bgs0POSZA6lF2gj6rY7QMjb6+obnImOou+hIYI/pu0uRJNZ9fHPAl5ek7zqjpOSb1Z+pIZdyrRx8n6OvMp4yrdNcMw0F++krdqWsEx7L7Ci15HNvOrvShI9lrYq32lni/puDdX8BB5tBrD10P6Fz46A51uZJZ7UJbtsFcTXd5Tj0GlKVnsrxy2i8ePamrm3zYkmFjfbGtQlM+yI6xlDaGwD5gr7FJzFvemWZfPRke5vgjH67wGn9Ozpmvnbxjd0mzkWEedBIv58ZtBYwr4y77AD/0i/jRgFEdnQxMhmsemdwcgz87H35GrPcdGcoESBpFxfAF4hztIJCOAhMq7+dKZ3ASYgYSI1ReOIEdNQqM8FOAmA48p9DqAHkY7TokdxnULw/HWscxvB295jwQcOUYggxzUJV3UaSMXrtVPl6T4bTTTqs7V/BRriYPDoYyjEG7Y+7h4gTjvzq9z8EJMCA5yFao0Iw/eJGTm/a3VuJHB1KR4a/+1Fd4zLlL3kvXP3ZdyUP2h9UtMulZWeXIo/zkj0xZaXQSwRF5O7B5XN67kWQEXnVl/5ILu7+UNDmxgs7J4zySLTvAHGhOsrLkSiCfTccdGA9W5S24eK+Z0+rYPsVP5tDMyVZOIJsMBe3OMWSMpALzXq7319VrDDu2C7STTKoXXsf8TQJAm9IhVx9eKQ+fsWdMqRPftFm6ACeeaJfFMHi0BQ4BPnF0ljzZVwCu5g72aIO2qlM78A3d2o4GuiXpcEWjoL1APmWSXwAucqJd+KEcXMrIh//6IfkhXpBHfIbUYcnflGnx6vKsjHv58d2VHkITvsEPxNN7QDmADvm0UZvkRys88ro220+u4fPsKr9y6nMV18yPZjJoEdERem1PXqBZ/S0YXUiZcG3KR8qLK10gPvu6BU8d5NgAeK8fjAtfev/V+efXD0s5DN1fxg7YodhU1V7p7asOpaPHdlnd0wOpP7K/QbMO94J8xqj65KdHjL+UDfECHPSN/NKVpTtSlpJmu9MccTu8QFzVJaVs/d38dbTY/e0u+tR7wHaGdyzzCFxoh5tdpn5XdUpDnzrFJ+0VV4n3bB5DW+oT7Ur9kzoPPTYxzO+eld2SQbszoF1owRAkT8gM+Uubwb1An5EFdon5x8YAv4I8ko+NgfxwkycyQrbgJk/GgdNrTnOxq3IeJqvq3JYAf3JjD7+MTYB/owGjKu2UgA4iBITHvQ4dLciBCjCCYDre61iz9x6928gZ4BT72JV3wP7pn/6prtL4Ohvj3++yAsxk8Ds27ec07Ej5gBDaOQ5pUDeFTp0EUWAYM1gZZ4SdkBoMJg2Gmd1XTrDdLsfCDQrvHiuLJ67q4iipgwEuv3zKeydSurzarK2cpHR87A6fVhxkbbbb7H1NK0X6gNA4Fs0AhNsARa/VI4KjXfDhgfsWjBz0UU6YZIcyI192R/UbPqdT4kSC92a9l+60BDnliKazK58AJ3lgzFsgIQ/kigMKh6vFFX1O9sgnOXSEHu6zzjqrOnt+hoi8mZTJMtrICnxkQxkAl3qtjmuLnWkyAjfl7kvoZFN5tJEnMu0jVJxk44E8kzELMhQX+YNDu92rK4/4kmU/Baa8Z85b6hD1OcqMHqA+ddnJhjvbyplGD1A3XqEfLnjcy4cGdGlLyj7gaCvnuKwxon5l1Ze79psL0KoefDHRqRfkmE8aXbU341wFkDKnf8mKNuNlxtFHyuJjOqLN9AwZp/2JE5/gUxccWXfTsEtaPGcdgrJAW8gJvjdBGcamfHBnXD4nfmCBE330GhqMJXnxz+KHeHTDB7IN8qLfVXllQNbXgtGBZr+5F/B8eN+6F5/PLdj8kHzOMQ1SRzha+NWvfTWWLF1Sx9uadXONvN75LZ0VK1etrI6l/Ol0cpKNwRxXzbEFjwCH+KaucBWXz8ZtLmIJiSdxkxfxlZ4Sr5yrmrqLPplT5pyLL7ywnjz0iwg/+MHZcfsdd9R8a9esrQueF114UZzx9a/HR4sd6NsP5gDprllf6qqUX99QMP94Nc17h169YRPK79U0976rYKOB/WlOMscoSwebo71OZ7dZmS0N0NSkC934naEF6wdymHMNuU3bJG20PDma8/rGIOcyOMxb7skkeWcLugL9lPOa+xw72wqwiW2SePfaN0ZSH4DRGFuj9hVoQFEgEKGO8lEoiE0FsymwIUEiMIxGTGCoExpBfgJo98jurnzvete7Hjcunav3jhznkOHrC6kUJeFjANsl9nVbx6o5BMDHrEwaHAaGvjrkIZjK2Vmz48rJZuhxpuV3TxlyHNCWv2XqmATHw86co3qUKEVLqdodVIaDxAB3XJMRrp0mBsLAsWIUMjQdh6aQtdFgQiMcHCTGPSdIP2ivne4cbPAJObhaMHJoGnh4a/GDc2txxsd4yAqHl5xZ4SOLPlZEVuThDFo9JncWcTh88pId48gCiZ+HMfGSIfcWOuDW9xZyLKTAQZ5M1nb/HanhhFvth8Nxee/pMxyMWbLuo1m+sqwesmznrKmY1UkuBTLlY1RoQ6Px431iRgD5JHvwc3y83+pYLhzw0QWcVh90sPNLXk0m+EDWfTCOnMNvkce9chQ/B5thAa84fEI/WuE1LtVDB/n4k/Hn6K+xIj++WADDe7vpeGKhzCKY96q1Gx55Oe94mnRvDsjJVP8DvNdOskOWhARtE5rGGr3QLItWOi1l0LN88CmXZV1TBwD3WVfm9SxeUO8TgTyZt5nfPRqzbgD38OcEOKQ105MO+bIeIUFedSQefEk8gAw1aWribkELtmagT4wLOtGYyPFDv5177rnxpS98Md7oGwllDhkoY7/qvnX61ZeTVyxfUY9BD/YXp9LvdZey9HxfSQNwpR4ZDlkfPUTXGaPu08HNcujLvOJq3eUqTn5gzNJxvlbNOffxq29981vxTx/+cN3BZjud88Mf1lNJRxx5ZJn77o3P/Ou/1m+giL+q2FMXXXJxxZeLo3QlPtAX+INGtpqPqVpENp+ap8wZ5ix24Omnn/74q0TmX9/lMIeZ9zhA2mDu8wFT846FVe3YUgG9w0MLhoCc58JGyig5JL/kx5U9oo/5GmeeeWb9UFaeuHwigJPMuRqnAlnM+Jyn4GKrkUH2Eft/W+kn/OffsVHZkXik7XTEaIyrUXOAdRqFwoi1o5NHdxEpbVNhQx0NL8bYGWNk2+XiQDjW6T1ggohJ4uQjUBwJefN9RQY4B9TuqfeB4VCWI4tmu2TeEcwvWwuMbTuuDH/ASUWLQaDNjPIf/OAHdfdKfVZZXb2Lx6nBI0Yv51enctYpbR/VgptDw7F1b8ca7cBgYJBn56PPypMdPmUpW4MSPvxHqzQTibbBlTtA+sVEYEKRrwWjAynn+Grg2tnjYJEhCxCUG+eTTFogsjupv3zkwE8ZUWz6jAxw0KSDHFvSLfpQsOTW1coYGVGnY8nK6m/jwkIPeVfWpE+BoIW8+fIgmSWXnG/OH1n2cSpjOHfdOJ3GgbrQhhar48aAd+fRJF0+H2nwE0TkU/vRqN3qhIsMi7cwwOlkRHDIraAzQIxZJxo4rviEtpR55dAtvwUfODi/nOf8GST5lIXPz4HZKc6VWnyBIx1ui0QMFe80Wywz5vE7xwN6cqy5bg7AS2M2QT2pL4cr90zbEEiDq0lrcwJtxud91iUkZN3N/MNB2vD0DeXPvBtKb0ELWrB5IfWGKz1sLNKhvv472DcQb3/HO2JqmYdKwpD+nL+g6koLhgsfWxjtHWPrO8DKS7+nlH2sOKB2OOlS8WwLuoNd4VSc8tI5mE6zWbRkR6mfbrUBwH7JfOLpabgEccq4es60fPfXXHp+mSPmzn043vH7v1+/heGbFM8udtX48RYu19Y5jd3DFnvJi18SV159VT0F5ZcBzGf0I1roTbTT9RZ62W/mITaaOdMcZr42/1j0dfUMv3nMQrb51pxoxwpOC8XsPHjg3VIh9XJLT/+/QD6E5vzYBLa9n4MkS2x8csN+shhCVjcGiTPnaHxv3gvyuJIntpUNLQ6whZYnwr+1AB2AD+w7Y94zG2207LIxxRka+T5yAcQwghmfFAMCPafi2lTIRlKQ67vaxWGsA8zJ45UUMcFRP+fXfTItFZ/dXIYx+ii2x5VsyaO8/NqjAxj6jOccEDpB3eozENL5tPvFobELbAdLGlwcF2XRxoEwYDiilKR64VbeBGPi0dnaZZJAKwGQh4JNBxadaOH8uM8FB7SZYEw+8HH40aduz3CD4bxtwaaDPsi+wGM81R8WSky4vjRu4vSetwULXy/WlwwA/aDfyEI6cgnw6H/pgntx6nIP1KmsRRMTtt1PspvOlTR9Dq8xQnbImms6fK6e4YU/ZTVlC53StUkcfDletNdYILdk1I40PNJyvORVeWPK7jTDSBs4nnSGMebeTvUPf/jD+jNL6kCHMaxeK/NWQsm3OjmunPwcF/Iac9795+DCydkX1MUAcrrCOEW38lZvTSrGJL5lfUmz5xa0oAUteKYBnUmPJdBlgpNJfrblBc99XtWzdLyTbE7z0PXmg+7V3XHHnXfEzkU3HnX00XF8mVscO/73z/977LzbLlUH0/EW9i3gmrssTNLfbBzzgbrZIRZVfXfCHMLuooPlYXfR407qcFQt5nr2eo9TTBxsC6kWc82f47qG5rHBvv46l15+xeXx2X/9bJxw0olV/9uh9pVqH8Gyo92/tjfa2svcWeh4/wfeX+cEv4LAkcCHnJu0WXnz9D/+4z/Wb8Y45WfhWBvlZc9y9M2nFpXNdU4qfexjH6v2njawtTgqFofl47jkQnYLti5gS9ls4PS6+rbK+9///rqxRa42Fcg3WyXHLR/AJh3bxwaDE2wjwf9MAnywWOeULNuWjcYmpNdGgwejuoxA+fm6svceGZeIHymRqbATCEde0/imVAGjniKjQMVTUpQsZY5pBEo8fJRTOsSe4UAvhUzg5BVPqVN6lCMjW5x6gbaJ56hScnDZJeMcpDEuTRzcCXCiEx44kk858XCWU2mmI0P5upoQMl5e7VHWvXTx8FDc6uGMiAPajMYMcCW+FowM9CG+u5I1vCdHvsgrjmy6kglGRspd9h15UwaIzwCkpcy515+elXMVKAQh+1hagnEgDliw4RSSFfIsX+ZNvGhKyHrlgUfbjAflM428ax/jhSPrWX744JIv63flbHrVgMHjxIWVdgtR2q+MY2jKaas2GUvqgzM/DuG9/3e/+9311Aa6OKxwK2fM2WX3U0cWGhho4tFokYDDLM279E6M2HlGk/oSkhctaEELWrA1QM4pdCo7x07t/gfsX48z+4ryTTfdHJ/4xCfru7Sc1ImTJ8XC4uR+7+yz46zvnfX4Tu74iUO2FP3o6LHFSk6u+Y295WiwEzie6W1Op9drzIeAg2yn1XxpPvLh1C984QvVAVfGAqmdNafp7K6qg25nAw0MDsSq1cVmaR8TU7bfLtb298XPf3FuXFPKzn90QXF026O9zBOuixYvitVre2JsV2d9lzkXaOn6XOCEEz/QZn7hzJjDnB5Ch/xsJO0z96EZuJqXtFMbnP4zf6HTvMpQt1CrfM7jLdi6gO2tf51S4HOQEYFsjbTPyVEC+Ux8OYa3FdBWzq8P+tIFxqlxl/7VSGHULDwEUVpWxLxXizjKb3MA4RA4rYxuipgQEjxKjEJKZ4IjSGmjh3BSTq4MYkcVKDdKkNGsLOOeopMHXs9AXepkGHMy4FOHPGkow6k+71zml3kpdOnNDoMfeIYPXnEp9IlPOiWNrgzpeKhLfs6Ge+A5aQR5ZFUcXOmYuBfUmbS0YGSAt03+An3FsbNy5V4/ONrMCdMvZCL7elNBX8MtcOwcZ4Z7pHjXBylf68NvnDji5rgzhxQv0IQfZDhl0HhL48NY9BGjHEfiKXuOqmPNxk8ubiVYGDK+lWXIuBpjOb4EdTqWDQd+5zjIfkGn1x+s1MKlPvTAIwD0oBk9LWhBC1rwTAQ6LCGNc7qtOrL0dJn/OYtj2tti+k4zYmDMYBxb5qvfe/vb4i2/+9b4u3/4+9hnv31j3vz5MXnqlDj0iMPjg3/3t/XI8Xvf+956momjSOdyCFzpc98k8ZvzFintitK15ir61cel5LEL65ScBU0OuZ+5c0WXecFHEj/xiU/UxU5OqTh0s796ytxgzlHfRRdfHB/4s6Ffzfjcv/1bzHtk6BcW6Hm636kf71ByzC3+2hRQlm6HU7r5Cn/yo1Ycdq8vea1IWc+cHbu7HHrBR1PFm8/Vl3O6OSrf/UWvuBZsfcD20Ofkkezoa/ZK2jubCsPlJe0bsK3JEnuRHYnPxjN/JXXYSHicMKpWsq/nUW7er6Pscld1cwFBEzCDIqMMQZMx6JAGGLoUlSsl654iJMju4YFDeYYxEC+vePdpuDdBOWmCznrd615XO0rbpSkv3iBp1pNldS5Aa9I+vHMzfzMPWN9ggxMk3gT5hudtweiBvtXngnty5gi0d5P0k8ndpG9X0oTLwRupg5Xlydcf/dEf1R1NfWylDA2bCs2yKTdCyqurPOrPkMpZegb5hJS7VGbyZhmBfBtXjKg3v/nN9fhZnm7IstlWV7xTf9IAb6YD8cZK1i0t+0Z9+kOdrurJIF/WB0fW04IWtKAFz2Sg60DqOLqQUUkf0nEcN/MG28eGQOpJJ/vs0kpTxk6tX7bwqo1jmRzDXKzkBNhZNtf5QKcTgewfGwL0rV1dji5cnEnfgWArqctrMXS2+tFoY8LpHHNoOruu5lX37Cw7x//8z/9c38HlyNpd1hb1ownYifUhK3TCpz62mHjOC5rl5ZSrO+tDu49gcfS/9a1v1TLy+9iRD2X5hRHt8e6v9piDzCEMdHMZfiQNLdj6gJxlAMaGvs/nTQXlmzZI2iwjxftMBOOI/8YONLaMM3oBT0aDH6PmAOswq22uFA0CEbw5IYUENI3spxPwgLK3YkmJ6jhAgK1mbItCvC2ACVsf629GA/k3AZqsrQab2Dm9Tgjk4JVX/EgBLhOtY8V2nNFiPIwE4GzKqrGVzmyONenarJ0UfyqoZrkmKCN/8iaD51TwDAy7yIwRvGvWpV0JDKCkKReFhgc4k1558FvwnPgSv6t+y/EKNtSOFrSgBS14pgEdSM/Re/Qc/cZZrTuqRXfTg3ZIOb/0MnuFDuYUOi0HvDvMmfQuog8SOnnH2cydGrYfB1c6B9kuqbq81mVusEHiFTnfafCLCH5X3m4qsPOKFnpYnX62iOPpd/KVFcwz5gttMNfZWTbvWfx961vf+jgt8miv94jRgE7OrK9Cw41O7/laMHZiTxr8dqR92TnbaBfY6zSetdfJon/4h3+Iz33uc/X3+L377HsT0tGPb/jK9st5qQVbJ6Qjxq7jpJH/tGlGYjsom3Ljnh0jgLxuK4C/Xl0w3lNvsf3cjwaMmgOcgkCRppGP2KZBuS2ACYbxbtWTEDfbTym2FOLWCQZkOlz63DWdO8/GRcqENPHuR6IoAdzwMBqMP7jdU8ajJWvwNEMqZXWZ5NWrPvfqTmWVPEmlrax88megzJRLnlnxcwXicxGNg5/8U0c6wHC7Slcu65JHfDOgRz4hJxn4k19CjtdsYz63oAUtaMEzDei4BPo0dWs6aN7rTR3H0ORgck5dOb/peDrGTDd759X7jr6ubAfWayYcSgA3HWsDwIcFfT3Zxwc5mZxVQMd6bY3T+opXvKI6n29605viM5/5TP0mA9uRM+EXAOjl008/PT760Y9WOtFr9xa90swf6BR8ZMtOrHkVvXDIw5n1c0Z2fr2KxLnnuGgDp5izznGF01yAfpsYrnbHfSTRZoZnPINbPV41cjTbUXBzkZ8fzDkt5xttzfmoBVsf6HdjwjhxzfGVtsemwnCbsClD25o8aS/94jsuyWP+VY6zkcKoOcA6jTKk2CgNxCGWwhjeoVsz6LCcZNwLuSqUBnwLtj7QvxwrEzB5N6GaAE3YxoE4aSZZ+ax0m4hHCvCSMfW5t7JN/jaHnMEppFw3QZ3aqc2MBfxwFZJG1ywPEo+8rtJMHhnoDsaNclb15cE3fFTGvTg8TVzyDtc5efKCwaOO5BHa1JN5h/NNfBNPC1rQghY8kyD1WerX1LF2ejl6jiHTjwxKu8GCn5fL35N3DFgcp5YDaM6y62q31ZeZ4QCp6zmq6vLTMHaNOZzsHnrc3KBeNPhYlq8mex3Iz9DZSfWTfuYQ86M0u7G+/JyOeTq+uYCpHsZxOsV2f5Xn/KLT92h8bAudnGx5lZFHGzjd2scJ1h60wq0deOJe/vzyrHlFGzg+OS+pCz5zijK5m57tzfmvBVsf6Gd9bnw4fs++sLDCPiE3aT8M7/+0ETMPyOcEckTexOX4kYfdMxzf1gxssuc973nxkY98pPqVxmHqmtHgw6g5wAj1Bb33vOc99cusafxva6BjctLJTiLEAh61YOsExgFFZTJMaCpCk6lJmqEhn0nUyiFZGShyEn6NrITB/pJ/Pb9MNljwrC7Ktmd1cfoKXrCme+i9VQA3eVM/nPm+ecqfNPSAdDilNfO6Rycgq6mAxQsAHnHpfAIGikkg5T3bKT3LU+CpxNNhVYdn9ADPmSZe/fiUafKlUSKoL3G4l+45y7uqW1yWT8j2ADgF6dkG6dqR/GxBC1rQgmcapO6ie1MfciI5dXY28xcz6Lz8WSM/O/KlL30pzjnnnHq8l16UV1l63YeffFDK15/9Dq55xZxmh4Yj6N1fO7eOG3/yk5+swbu55gwOsGPEvvTviLF4v5krv/eB0cMhhRsejizHlB7WBrSwK9Hp/WP1+0iVo87mIE6uOUNZP2mkjN/sVcZ7zH7+zlFm+t47z3S8HaW0VXPeEe9eGc6NPJ45PN77RQfcnB55tR8Oc7pnOHLOUa4FWx+Qe3JB5o2pv/3bv62/bKG/yToZY0+QE9cEsqGsIF5gg5EzY89Xz8mzXwtxGiNtEycnyNi2ZI9oq28DWKiiC/AWv/BuNMZV+9/93d/9/br7EYHBbvWPMFBCAqW1rRmQOocC1GYdlDtMnvGiBVsvUHT6PpUdBeYDG45Yee/JRzeAVXMTJ2VGNgZ6+6ItOJnFOS04jJa2tnazcfRJG1NSy1hf07MmxpRxRqbaxvz6N4cZJeIoCJM/Q8d4lIYe9+RPfveu6SRSrMqIo5gpXsfcKGT0CcoA7VMPUGfGy+PZCrxy7lP+U+bTsR2uD+DI8QKaY4RRgXfiBI62hQaLa+gQpw44GCbwUIzqdw+0S355BG31rD4BXYmvySvg6rkFLWhBC56JkLqMQZ66l05zz+Hk9Dqm7OixX+8wZ/lyvnmBXvRzSPSpXxhwzJhOvvXWW6tR6mNY5jHvyArmj/x9db/dK79dYDqcEQ+vo9AcWoa++ZAD+8tf/rI6lfIKnE4fmlI3Z9sHrmyumGfSoeQk//3f/301jP36iN8N9jMpjl6jhTNs9xdN6OTMe9/4q1/9ap2L7QBzKDgY8Jo7zSHnnntufPvb367vJcPHOedoqxMdF198cX03Gf+0y1eizTlOPjqmKR7NcHDmfeHakenWPLL1Abnh85AhMuDbJewL8YJ7cpMOMBlI+0K8dGPFe/G+Pk6mjSc4yblTGGwxsmz8OsLv6H1unGwLgHf0knFGn+CxtuNntYNHOK7GFKN0VJanEPXBD36w/sC5TvIZfIozle62Aul8pJBnnJDOQwu2PqAA0/kyOA1cX4o0CZMDio2y84PmxoZxYfWQYdDZ3lF/wL+9Y+iLxOmMrVy+ItrHDq0uw8kB7hw39J5qf19RAJ0dsWbt0Luv8KhH/eqmQMkcZakuaehLOUwlwkHPY2zAB0cYCYwDP+bvKBunU37l1Q13jmv0qo+xlAqfUSVos50GtLmmoykPHOj27B5u5TNePXCgR/vh4FwznhgijIqkCV4GjHLaZCeCMWMS8qzN6IRHHej1ZVPl0JXtS0AfyLh8bkELWtCCZxKkDrM4Sc/Rq4BO8xXjb3zjG/GhD32o7pL6uNN///d/16v3d+lHziKdzGE0t9CznEDlHWOmv70PzDC1m2vn2Aev/uZv/qbuGnNA7QBzmD/wgQ/Uo9RwWGg199DTrjZM/DQdB5njqF5zjPJ0tHeQPSubc4bf6rUoylEQh1441AEv55qTbc7wIUrOPbo9c/gFcwQe4Qtcjn/bnbY4oK78CSdHte1ee6dYHvOqeYXT4j1mTrd5FI0+uoW35im8tOPdnF9asHUA+SdD6aRZhPFLOH/4h39Yx4TxRobYHeRLPvLBTiGHZJssOWXBtjnmmGPqcX2yTf6NJ86wxZ98pcCpBTbMtiRPTop8/vOfr98IcBwaP4310eDBqDnADE0/XcJg9b6FM9uUBBgtYlvQgi0VTOK54AM4bz7+YaWbUjN5UmyUnNV0ylFeE/WkcRNibHF+x7TZ1R06puxYNOU5qTjJ8q3p7o6+MuEaS5Sp8Ta2xA8M/vp4czqAjAHXDJ6VoTibDjAlnI4i2qRbwPI+lJ+C8OPjFHx+dEBZdVDc6uNopkEFOKlW5L/4xS/WVXzK2+Sv7X/9139df7eXcQSXutGAFqB+z67SOay+AGrlnjPuZAnFZ1fAFz99QAXddQFhneMM0OMokS+QJq8Yf/L4zUqLc+q2im9C8u4Z4wuoP4Ny2grkb0ELWtCCZxqkzqbTEug9cwsd6yfnOL9sNjqa02iBVhxju1luONDJ9Gri5xh/9rOfrfPVy1/+8upoqp8By0F+5zvfWecA9dPxOXfAY05RLj90syGg75UT4FZOHBqUy/nEM73dnP+yrHyuaJZuLnMv3lU5NOacKN69oFyTn66JFy7zqd1r86ifPzT3px3cgq0L0qElAxxYJyOcRrAQYkHEKQhyToZALvKTEYs2nFx2EpvI+63kxKkCzrSFFePCIsrrX//6ugiknrTzUv62djDGncJgU/o5MgtzeJ7240j5MGpHoCkBKxY+quAYig4lCBqQyqYFLdhagbNlorV6bVKmHA1cP7rvZITJkFHgR/NN8nYg7ZAqQyka0EvKc2/v2uJxFQd64cIydgaLEzk35s9fUMZXT0wrzujYdRMwB9mEO6ZtaBdWvalg4UoDQx5xlGmOwVq+jEshFQk6OIpweKfKijlHnRFE4SiTZT1rr7JwpCJyVMxRFWWsmPvNY+23wnnQQQfVj+RpOxzqc00DRMCzXC01odiJlm5FFe8443BxZK3KowMk/fAJFuHQkc60CYfDa8LxoRV6yQq/o0scdM/Kq1eAI3mV7WtBC1rQgmcipP6ir1Nn03PmBQuxdkw5pvTgUUcdVY/z5sed6ML1ATx0Mzy5+MiQZ6hzdqWnXlcHR9BCJn0M6NukCx6gvo3VCZSDW53aIb85QzzI9sEhzTzlik4gPnW8es05Al6IQ5MAnzh5PWsHXJkn8bF7c6FVvRYWzLXmO7uAFo9BtrUFWw+QEXLI3iODFvo5sU43ONZPFsm+NHIvP3lhJ/nZrHzdgK/EhnPcWbCZYkyedNJJ9Vi9r5Gn3JHDvN8WAF/wycIcXtgF13Z8xwdhJDBqDrDBzwFm2Os859Xt0DyRQmtBC7YG4LCZBCk8Tp5J1XtAJkDOmzgOpnEicNAMauOkc2xH3HbrbXHxxRfVVXMT7y9/+YuqKDnR3kd64IH7y+DfPaZOmVoG/9rq5DmO9fNzf17fVfrpT39aVw0pCHitQnPyHMlxjMtkT3FwBu2icv4oFu9sef8k319BtyNglLYJnFGknDzwOubj6Jn8lDplbYzncWUr3xSVL3hyVOXhUNv55mxy+q1yUmwMBUfUKDMGVx5HA3SG35w0iThZwrhyRA1tcDEw1IuXQD5l0WHHwfPv/u7v1g/ymWToJR+X8L6bPsJTtDky1zTKcnIR4NjWJpwWPDkgGwkpGyk3LWjBlgJ0F1ml/+kyV3F0PcctnV860TFL+tBCo7ksnb/1ARzmEnlSD7unp+1acaThsgtmHnAcGqgXzqZOTd1N/wobG0PSMsCRdCZokzrS6R2OS5xywFU+ZcxB+JO0uOYYdzUvpsMjHzxJb/NZXnOZo9ycodEy1FuwZYI+TxvElf3F1vNOO5vQCUBXY0o8efA6wPXXX1/HHSeXPXbWWWdVe026RXoLRsajzQSQ8p7jd7hcb62AH+xEdh07ziIaSH0z0nE1ag4wYhjijj1SgLaqCUcqvBa0YGsGDqPBmBOeCfPHP/5xnWAZBZSgI2LGgiO3juhybo2THXbYvn6gg8NLIXI6Lyl5H3xwTh1XDzz4QFx73XWx0447VYMFzm9981t1h3Tuw3PjwOIMcig5h8Yfw4Qz7NmY5MgyQDh6Fqk+/vGP16PKJm7OrPe+KGe7td5rcfTYJO4khyslLs7HGrzTzNGllCh7Cgk92suZlWYXgJPK+ccPbYXbT1r4MugZZ5xRP0zi/Rc8wRsGAwc4jTSGBAfdri3HmQL8+te/XuMcz4NPe9CB3xk4/OqzQywfWrQBWJXlnFtkwGu0M/zUod1W73OCEQA63Ld0WAta0IJnGqTeotfSUE/DUZp41wxAvicytMXT+SCdTvYe3EDZxC3N/CQu7cEMCdKUzfIbgixHL7smja4ZPGuDPII5KB3Y9eGXR7x0efNYNRxwSUN35h1ev3zN+s03nN+sG17xLdi6gN2i78kGGyiP8XNc+UD6Po8zs+nypBnH1898yWNRny1Clrzf6qSg18/YTsaM+JTblDuy5H5bAG3HN3YvO9CztuNH8mQkMGoOsI5hTDriqXMZu4QBwS1owbYAFBaFxjFz7wMjHEZflqQIOXu+ZOd4MXDcRd55cx+Os7///epQvvTUU2NKmUBn7bJLcdZOiBe/5MXVUbujOKqTp0yuSnN8cRTP+cEP4q4774zX/tZvxe///u/X1XbOISfULucpp5xSHUo7t8oYl+ryTq1A2XIQOdy+Mmhn1qo9R9NxYav2ViIpd06yYCfb+yicZTuoxjfFxOGmsMVbyVQWLoaRo9lnnnlm3YW2a4we779Io7z8XIVJhNK3MMBo4gTDjYecbk6t3Wf50WRHmIFBATJUtEv+dJ7tvOOHo0UWJugmtDk+jS40c76tuPo5D7vWJimLAtpCd2lPTjQt46UFw4FcDJ98yZkwPL4FLXi6YLic0mWp1zKw0dKwTKePPnXdENCzdKv5QRnGvuBeGt3sCtSXOl38cFBPk66NAZxZ1/qcAfdNfEKzfcqgMelEl2Dx01yCPnNTzimJQ7lsT7MO8cok3kyXlvmku7Zg6wJykjICyEz6O+wHdgbbjXwZJ2whp9CcvhNsAnhvmN1nx5ffJH/igN994gcpV9sKGFc5jvDCIoNxhtdNvmwqjJplRzkwLhnIOlLn5apZC1qwtYPJk7xb3XN1zNckTbH5mJQvQv/jP/5jXeFjODj6zEFzdNnvFfaU8hy7GdNnVFyU4mOPLYz//slPqvPrM/h9BV+ZXuvVR7N8Cfk5J59c6+RY2xXlwFkxc1zE8V+OH6eYg0t5cHA5j/JaqbSqxlm0Q0yhcARBHotTngPqyolVhvNM8SvDyZbPTizgbNt55vRykrVPGuWlvK/52Rm3E/z+97+/ttNHqyg6eSg2/MuPtHCavVPjqLavIb7vfe+rBoXj0XamUxGm84tu9UhDh7rQ4B4d+CNvLlSceuqp8Qd/8Ad1wcAEhWY8smOAX+hqQQueCFJOXFsy04ItDehMOnu4QZ3OIJml84R0DDcmx+Y2edIZbQb44VSne3joWvXnzipojpU0cp8I4Mu2pGOZ5dTdpFtb6HtX0GyrMsqba9Bm8VUwN6dTk3kFPMn2gLzPPOpQv/uMkw5/lmnBtgPk0Fhj//3xH/9xte04xRbZ//mf/7l+JZwDzA583eteV+01NtaTGQPbEhg77Fen9ywa5OkK41EYKYzayNRxdmnsHtmJQhxF4EoZtKAFWzOQcYHTloPTs6O4lJ/fA+Rs5TsdnEbPJtzu7p7qzO6x5571Z45MpJdfdnl885tnxE9/9rO47vrr68flqnEyMGScFOR14vbhBZOsCVmdHG/OI5CfwhDUY4wqS6mY7HOip3g5oZxCx4Pl5TAzVoB4O6V+0sEXQj/3uc89bujYPdZmSolz/O53v7senbZza7XTzrF6OfBw5geq7IjbLaYrlFcXnHQGvHaJv//971fa/bg8R5kTbAKxk24X2xcUlUle44FJxxdNDzzwwMoHO72OOHNq8VgwESkjj77hWAt2obU1FzMs4sHZghZsDHJ+Sx3QghZsiUAP062AnNKB9CVIvUvvmRfAxmQ586Shbz4zB1gQhQPAl/WlYe+aoQk5dp5o/ChHJ6eu95xl0ikG4qSnQwvQkmXdJw1ZPuvP58yX91k3fFlvxpuL08lvprdg2wTHoy24G2PGhXeAObsW8D/1qU/F6aefXn8ezMK7sWMcCcZhC34N+OGkpK9rsyWNR+OazVjt4BHCqDnAOprz+7GPfay+28jYTcO0BS3Y2sHkl5OlQZsr3Vav7Kr6KIJ7gdPGMfPuh2Myv/VbvxlryoC2Ivjo/AVx9113FQX5jZj/yPz6G4M+KMUxbW8fGwP9AzFY8C4oju6cgssuMUVg0lVn7nAadxQw5cvh48ylgnX18aqkkaPIIc6VNc4qPNLkk26FkvL+xCc+UQMn2LvFHEplKSX47ApzlP0e5J/92Z9V+uH1HrSdZCufnFg7tY5K261GT9MYwx87uOK8I+33iN/xjnfU8t5F5jybYJRlbNWFgZI3DRrv+fp5D0e2fcnakXALBY4XMdDg1ybl0iiCR/0cZUFbpLV0WAvWBylrCWSkGVrQgi0Bhstlyib5bTp3aVi6B+4zfX0gnzwczNTbcKdDKG59TiA9m3ilDx9HTxbWV244vpHgb0ELRgI2Otg9Ke/GARvMyTs2TX7QSRp7hJyy4TY25rZFSHuUvcZOxCe8ZG+n3hkJjBq3GcsMRztVvmrGgNaZLQXUgm0BOFPGgNU8Ss+uKqfv5ptvjs985jP1t2sd+bXrKY4DaWXLKwPve//74uBDDqkfrLrr7ruq80UpPjjnwbrq9UBx/JYtW15XvbpXry5GxtjHj2tRDumkpQHiGTjCi65UHoDiMDZ9zZnDbWUNTeLRLB888GabKGYO55133lmPCctHwaeRw9HmKKvbjq165eew+ugWfD5GpU0mATvE3kk2CXCgTRTqSBq1i8PvS8+5sPCqV72q/hA6B9bOMvrQIQ2NQvIBHfrBzwf4GBc67RrLo7x0V5DOs+M1Fu045tqgD7WtpcNa8GQhx+DmB3UMlEsZLwO95WpRbEj262JSiesbXBu9/d0xMNhT8vZG/2B/lByl1GD0lvTegTK2w3gz3v302tqCo1wLnpK5hJKkqNOjT0WTWtCCFrRgKwF2RdpmCWmjsO/SznJlL7Gh2HfytODXwGbEMzYcW5Dthm+jtVgwqr8DbGfGcUMf+bHdz5BE5GgQ2oIWbMnQ/B1e8k6ZGbwcVY4aEM8RtPJHOXLwvDM7c6eZ0VkG9LiucXUHNR1ox3EpRzh8AdoHqw448ICazxFheY4/4fjqRAJOKAeT0+dDTn52ydFmzqadZvX74JMPUXEyLVj98Ic/rErFeyjeI7Z4JY8jO2iDm8LhtPuoF8f9K1/5Snzta1+rzjlFJK/d2Nzh9X6vI8qcaw6wHdhXvOIVlTaf/9cm+Lwy4Wg1xWan1i4tMAnIS59op8nE1605qRxrzivnFq9yhxsOipKzb/fYLrMj0sqdffbZ9WNk+OL9Zfh9+drPEXBu9Z3j1T6ShS/4rI+0W334NhqrjS3430H6XfphsPRTLpDos4ESV+7Kv/7is/UOpZe4Nb3cvDLnjFkdg/0rSuH2kqWklb+Bkr13sKQVZ7BgiP5SprfcrR3oiTXFUeQYDowZKDEWVez+D5a01SV0x6q1y2NNuR/T3lEcy5KnOJ/txUscWOtLnQPRvXZV9A2sibaxpb72MQX3QKkBrsHoWb2qrjS3l/pWLVkaY3pXxNi+lbF6acHZUxzPsZ2ljvZYvXZMjG0bE+0lRHehfW2pr7fQtWp59K4tuNvHlnbZoVtWeLIk1iy9r+R7pNTZWfIUZ7ekLFq2PPraV0f34NJYvPzBErMyugo93aXxvYXiwTGFnt5igHGMC+8GB9cUCteUQVcMsr41hd72aCu04NngqsEY01docYK0NYW3oAUtaMGTAjaVkL4Pm8M8Zu4Sn8/u2S5C2hjytBbdhwCPbEyw42yY+LUQvBNGg09jCqJRWd9leP7lX/5lNVod2fRlWrsp6bW3oAVbO6SC44gx1i0KkX2KzYD1bDzI4z7j28e01fje4uiNLQ4lx1nadddeW+85s2D7advHhPq+SG91Nq0a7lwc1OkzHI9ur+/jchg5h5xJioPDSWn42JV6vX/rZ4g4pBxTDjLn1fuvHGq7wxaxLF4Zv8pwENVnB1gd8ijjKA8nnrOqvY56cyI5tY58+2kh79l+6EMfqru+nOtPf/rTlSb0apd2enfYkWWOdPLPAsGHP/zhWjdH19FxZXywyyIC3JxUH95TnuPKsbYIYGfb6xjaIY94zrz3fL2TTZl+4QtfqAsBaFcW/7XBsW7vZtu9F5+TVE5kLdg8MFgcyrXFkQWczMLw4hSa5Nqie013dBQnz4LQ5ImTSr9MKH3aXX8/e8LY7ujvXRX9XdNilQWQpf0xpeTZfvyciJ7iHA7uU5zIybGysyf66ymDCTFxsDuif3Wsbhsfve2dxVldEWPaeqOzrSM6S90d/ROLE1jy9haaYkmM6egrNKyuu6hTJsyMsWMmRFd/GavFmRwsY7EIcSxbVXC0FxkpsjJYHFWTav/a4l4Xr3RFcXp32G77mDx5an2FoXfhQ6VsccKn7Fhomhg9fe2l7YPRNa4452u7iwsaUVza6F65PFb39NRFps4Jkytf2saOL3jnx6KFD8bCRx6K7aZMip33OCrGtk+Klb0D0Vf41Tl+MJb3LI3HFjwUE8Z1xC47zC782744voPFgR6Ijk7vKPYX53tlXTyYMGF8dfr7+uwSW1nvKmNwTHHunX4ouml8bWILWtCCFrTgSUAu1gI2HjuHDcG2YVO4F++ZfSGwfaQB9y34tU1tM8NGkA0ZNjH+mhfxbSQwag6wjnSU0rFOhjGDN48oZue2oAVbK9ilNDDJOWVn4LoaqMaAtBzM4jhcdnrFt7eV8VFwcIClC+1lcK9asbLm8eEr6R0dndE+tgz4dXgK4rrT7IvQlCnwTDFw7PIYjuPASQPHz+6tj1l5P1dedGV+YxXdqViMa6CsdGmVvnVjOhV7AlzycVY4xN554UxrM1x2bznH2u8Ytbx2qjm/qdC0RX4OrDRgt5pTbzcbrXZ51cUZ5ownr+GzCGCH2Y6xHWLpVg+H3qNurzjhlg+/OM14xFn2BWm0JA/Qkn3Sgs0HA4O94XiuhaG1RU7GFN4zIbo6x8fylStifNf4WF1k2WS1tmdt9JDr8RNj6viB4vB2xtqOCbF87ZroXtEWk8ZNiO3GPxJjex+LwZ4do7enK1aVfGuLszs4ODEmDK6KnuULYqDDh+AmRV/bmhhbnM8JnV3FDSyuYHcJHMAy7noGVxcHeLA4v8VoKTR1FUdz7EAZA44OF4rbitNr93nJqpXRXhzLeY8+WpzVCTFl6nbRv2ZobK9Z1RNTJ46vJzdWregubSsy3dZTGjcjVhRXt6fk6SnDd3wZR/1rV8U4jn3HmFixclFxvHti8qQp0V7av2TFitiubVJM7yrjcc3y6F5enPOBvlLX7tHfNzH6x5a5trMt1gwWwwqF3atL21fHpLETY1J/8WDL+BjTUXz0iV2FhoFYtXxp9Lf1x7jJ46Ot6Jm1BdeSVYW+juIAR9EpY0oYHBPTC95J9E4LWtCCFrSgBU8RsOnYeRmADQ02J5uNnTYSGDUHGKGOFNoJtuOUx58Ry4gfKaEtaMGWDBwkzpdBms4Y+ef0eU75z11hkE5V25iSz0C3IljC2JLOAYZLnp6eYpSWKxxZtpSu//r7+qsRrj55ckVR3nTeMo1T6hP8jj17J/ltb3tbdfaynlQwTYe2CZlvS4Wkf32QdMuTAX9c7TK7d5Q63xEGeMnx/7/53oLNAYN2S8e0x/x58+LeB++PiVMmx4ydZ8W07afVUxFrSvo99z0QPWvWxowZO8aMHaaVviuyvXJZtBXHbW1xcHuiN7rG7BAdYyZE34o7Y83yucVhnRHLl/XGynGDMWnGbtHZMT22H78m2vqWRdfg1Fi7bCAWrVkRYyd1xfjOMkYH+2PC2sHo6Cuy3lbGXnF+V/X2xNq+gZhY5GNy5+TiuxbXfFy7N2uLwzm2OMBlnusr9HeMjfMvuijaCr0HHnhQwTeuOL2dsWZldz3lMb44wH3FKe4Y3x3dvYtjTXGm56/si1X97bGyOPUWgHbeflJMHNcR7f3FQbbLXGSvc2xX9JRxvmj58pg6Zmrs0DVQ2rG2xEesXLI4Okobx4yZUh3gwRKWlDm4q+AYV/TCwgXzo7N/XEybvH1xzNuLU6tdxQluG4i1PT1RfNzi3PcVfcPhjVi2vPCiY1x5Hld6pb3k6Y0p48bGhK6hL+m2oAUtaEELWvBUALvNhgXbml3qWWCn8StHCqP2DjBjMX/6hCGZxxkZmIzHDRnVLWjB1gLkXCD3KfMM2KbsZ3xzMHNkObHeH7Sba6ep+rfr0jgAj+OpcUPxIPGsr75MS6fYWHSE2cqZUxreC6ZEko4MG4KNpW3psD7a8UM8HuCJneXkmTQLB3gnLnnags0E/UN9ccvNN9ef/rLru8tuu8V2202L7uL8Xnv9jSX+53HrbbcXWR4b06ZNr87w7TfeFFddenksWrEwpuwwKaZMmBaPLeiJ835ydom/MB59dElcdfU1cdmN18aS7jFlLM2MaVM6y3VtLJnfHTdec0dcffONcee998V1110TN910YwysWh3bTxgf/X1r464HH4hLrr4qfnXRZXHtdTfHisdWxrRSx/hpk6K3OMiDRS4G24tslfG7tn9M/PKCS+tR49l77Bmru3vjobnz48abbotbb78nFi1ZEWuLlzl1QmdMK/I2vmNSrFk9GEsKziWPLI3OgY7YbbvtYrux42LKmI7YvmNicV7bYtkji2LR3IURqweia/K46Jy4Nlb0L4ie/iWl3fNjdX9J6l0bjyxeHsu7V5ewOHr71hSndWyMn9BRHOQxMa/EP7hyWdy/4NFY2rsmxpb2DdSzzZ2F3v7oXdsf3cVRX75wSaxeUhztrvExbXyhcXBMKV/GhDa2oAUtaEELWvAUgQ0IJwnzuzWOQDs9yD4DI7XLRs0B9k7et7/97bq75Kiho4+M8dE4p725IZm5PpCW6WlED3+2e5S7SWk8J2T53IXLMhVqPs9D15pe4rwn5v2z/tL5jsWu6VkTPau7q2M0thh//TXNcdl1hvm6MjFQ6oeq0KK+taXc6lWrihA52jq0i5U0bCyApDvbtaHQLNOCLQv0nb5JB85Y9H6w93a9m+t48NbUd8PbkrK5vvjmFV8EPBLXlG9xOW5asPmgrTh6Y3rHxI1XXRdnf++celT4qKOfFTNnzYy+4jTefOtdcfV1N1Ynctr0HWOnWbtFx7hJ8Ysf/SL+53s/j6k7dsVBR+wVfT2T4srL7okfnnVmPPzg3Bgzti3uuu/2uPauu+LBR9fEdtP2L87pdvHgw7fEFRfcHNdffkfc8eD9ce+ch+Kyyy+OSy+9JAZWr4oD9t4zxnS0x88vvDDOu+CCuOHG2+KKK66Nh+99OHaYPD1m7jkzxk4sDmRxgqtzWORjwWNL4sKLL4tdd50Ve+65d1x11bVx8cWXxv33PRBLli6LBfMfqxN5W+/KmDpubNxU2nTx5cXpvuWOuPmW2+sJqkldXbFDcYK7xrbHwkfnx6WXXFrfq7/ksivilltui7sfur84+k6HrImH58yNiy+8JH5x7uVx3rmXxH//9Pw47xeXx6WXXx5zH3k4pk6eHFMmTolbriv1XHNTXHHzrXHBRZfEvEcfi+0LDydNnRyD/f1l7p4fd95+R1x79bVx3dXXxHVXXB1Tx0+KmdNnRHuZT9o6y/zdcoBb0IIWtKAFTyF4Pc1PhvIrOcDsVnaZHWE2GR9zJDBq2xqOOvtQjY/l2GXKT3pzxBz7TGMc8eI8Azss7gXvK/L4gTJZDiir0T7AI6gv65AmwKu80DRipQHpAhCnrDryE+Twoyfpk6Ye8UkHkEdI/NI8Z93KZZnMI77G1S+IFiTFWR3ktCpfrunscnzFVaeFw2sRobMjusZ11TLyVVoKjjRJSutrHUPHaEt72+wkdkZXEZhJxckZN35CKTpQ60dH8rxJf7ahGcThUzpQ6wvJ2xZseVBlovRj3usvH5Q65JBD6iKV560NyGOGjcET5ROfC3hbI5+2ONAP5Z+d+L4isw/OmRPLViwrOiji0ccWx+13Fkf1zjvjjuLIPvTwvOheuyYWL1sWcx+eX/Rpe+y88y6lr9rj2mtvicsuvTambT8jTnnRqfGCF74wXvaKl8WpL3tZwT0lFi9dWcr2x9333xsXXX9zrBw/NY46+dlxyqkviFe+9mWx78F7xh2PzotbliyJ5RMnxfS9d43nv/TZ8do3vDoOedbBcX9xzM++6ra446HHCslFCVddHrG2uzfuvfOuGCzzyPTJk2LN8uXF8bw2Hrj7rthnzz3iVS97URx+2AHx6IJH4tYbb4mVi1fGYw8vKo5/R+y6427RVf4euvuhuOGKG2LJI4/FYMF369W3xOW/uCy6+opzv/uBsWLB8jj/lw/FXfdvVxzYk2LmrBcXR3dG3PvAxNh7nxfH85735th1txNj6tSDY+eZR8TUKbvFQ3MYEPdEdI6PvQ46IDomTYmb77wvbrztnliyvDvueXBe/Pinv4oLL70m5jyyKHp8/bpjbKwY6I2V/WW+jTIvxa9/yqMFLWhBC1rQgqcCHHV2Mo/Px3dxzybjDI/U+QWjtgPsPTo/LeJLsUcffXQNucPEoWRENneCxYvjlKVxLk6e5n3mzfziBGUyLe9BdQ4LyOvsOAcgj3m6TxzqdZ9pSQOmZl3SkuGe5Ul6Mw7OfFZOW8VlXeKzHUN1lLoKjXZ14QLeAVXWR1dKppJ/bLQXOnzwqLa3OLSujsky1+H1kZiBvv5YW5xtjm+lrzi/cPga6dBzcXILHRUHfHCU+Fq+1JchFwbQlyHTskwzfzO0YMsF/ZPjwT2Z9EzGm/FbK6SMZhvJdRMyLWUeNGU/QwueAvDbs4XX03acEY8uWx73zZ0X+x9+WMzaa++47o6749Lrro/Vg2NibZHdrmnbx+777x8PLVoU1/3q2jhir8PiRa86IVb3L4jvfuv8mPvA6njj618Tr33NK2Kv/XaLfQ6YHQcceWwsWNYey1duF7vNnhQPzbshfnX9oph+8AviFa88IY49fLc48si9Y2BwWVxz/4Jo3/XAmHXQwTFj2pjYc5YPpE2PBY/MjTsWtkXX7sfHMYfvGbvu0B5jir4d2xbx0AP3xzlnfTe62gbjuSeeEA/de3d8/9vfiqkTu+K3Xv2yOPKwg8rk1BtXXnFJ3PLgHTFtv9lx0LNPil1K/OpJE+P8m26Iy+68JWJKV+x84L4xbqftY+f994pDnnNiHPm8k+LAk46NtVMmxOKetbHXPjNjx5mT49FH74uLL/5JHHDQnvGbr3957HfI7Dj6hAPiJS87LA49eqfoGr80Lr70+3HffVfGi084Nl717OfExN72uO3yG6OzbzD2n7173HD19XHbrXfGMccfFy//jdfEUSceH4eddEzM3HeP6J/QGas6ytxW5oCu+vNLLWhBC1rQghY8NcDp9aseV155Zf22lB1gNhl/BfBPRgKjtrVhB1VAGG+dgc1xQmC+W5fGZdMQTSNTnDyM9NzZFSe4T8czd2USpx1aIQ17TqugXl9/9SVqZe3yZn12qDFWnnRgsyycPuRlFxfAm7Rom7qS+UB8OhbwZf3wqAtIh9/Zdc6tMv4cYQYc1qHn4njr0FKsfhDJUeda17o0OEtwVZfgg0ljx3Kyh/D6KQvXireEdvnXOdhNerQfn7XHc6bDnTx2zTIteOZB9mf2LSC7+r4Zt7VAtunJtK2Zz3jJMd6My3EibXNAjlPXvAfN57xHA1qSnmY8OoWME9YHzfjMpzyZyOC5iT9xg+RLnoxJPSi+CfLLk7QKIHmbkHUIfm62d2zRt8Xp2nGfPYuzuijunzsnFnavjqtuvy2uvPWW2O3A/eOgY4+JxQXvLXPmxi+vvDqWre6OQw45LHbYYXosK47znAcfiGnbbRf77btvTJ48oeCmlzvK/ZS6mjw42BZ9/UM/Q7Zw6eqC35ecx0TnQHeMG7M2JrT1xqo1vTFncU8sWjsmbir1fuf0L8fPfvi9mHPPbdE1YVIcdvxBsfPsqdE+pswbbaV9fWtjwby58WgJ06dNiYldnbFy6ZISv6Y40NvF9O23i67Ojthu6pTYdZedo2NCV/QW1T938cI4++fnxnd/+MN4dPGiOOHZz47nn/Ki2G2XmTGuc2ysXtMTV119dfzn178eH/vkv8Sn/uFDcdf11xe+D9Q5tkwL0dfbHzffdGv84Oz/ji9/6Wvxkx//T9x395xYsbQ7ulf3xYrlPbF2zWD09pW5skxpe+y9bwl71J+Wmjd/Udx9zwOxfPmKOj/edMNN8d+l/CUXXhqLH11cX6EZLHNQ0SDreqwFLWhBC1rQgqcGzNn56xz8Kkei2R38P88jhVFzgH312fuFiEJgOqyMoeGGj/Q0qhjoGeSpTl1xvJqGu8CIUgZOhhUDRh71YYZyII03BhoHT17P0t2jy+9JuV++fHm95m5uGmuO4cGrPng4xGgWx6mWN40/ZW3HA3HqajroyYOkC6CFMzx+/LjoKM6ro9B2cuWp7S4B9PcPHR9PXhYTsn71t39gCE+f9JImHxvFLi/eVSj5ta2nli+hXHORAj5pSRN6UqCS9y3YOqDKUxk/zfGW/S5+SwN05TgBSWuGHEvAPVl2zWAMZpAv45ttbuIxDowx94LxoWyOlcwvX+LynJB4UkclPZ6FLJf05CscXvdwlV898gG4m85jlneli5Rp0iBP4s5n5cUB+ZrpwH3zOWkVhj+Tl5QZeNDrSmcI8nhOvnkWn7rEMxqUd026hwMntJ6OKfdTylyynd9vLtMTZ/S+++6t+vIFJx8XLz3leTGlOLO33XpbPDz34dhp5o4xc+aM6GzvKo7mTjFz1i4xWJrRvbqnOKADpdyEmDh+SnT5jd+Cf+yYMnnSv2O7oqvQNH7Al6PboqOkjx3TGZO7JseMCT5ENSnG94+NR+9/JK656Mq47+Y7Ys2SFbFy7ty46+obi7P7WH33t72jPVasXF4cyTtLv6yN2bvtEtN3mBYTJ4yPtuIg96xZHWt7i74d6IvJ202KnXbZMbqLs9m/YnVM7RwXC+5/KK4871ex8P45sc/MXWOvGTNjcuH3pNKIvoXL4oYLLo0fn/GduO3Sqwvd42PW9ANjl4l7xezJO8WeO+wfu0w5IubduTbO/Nr5cfoXfxKf/+R342/+4jNxzvcvifZBv1m8czy2YDCWrix9117kdFxbzF/0cNxz/12xaOmiWLxsadx4083xzdO/E//+uS/FFz//pfjCZ/89Lr/40ur8Tu6cUHgz8qNmLWhBC1rQghb8b4C98MIXvjD+9V//Nd761reWuX5mdYrTrhgpjNoR6DTQdt9990qwj2Cl0QPcI5rxxvhzn0YYg4mR1TSgGFogy2Ue980AnzTBc7Nc3nPuhDTI5OW0MtIYi4DTCtLAy7Lod5/lgLzuk35pzbZ4TlpBGpFw1SPKJd59NXoLezwP7QYXA13eiqM8yvc43kJ7+5Bj6uc55FNu6Kh0Savl2upxaWDnQ52+IOy4dKWppKN9eMh2DQc0ZtC+5nMGkO3cFiF5AJp8WF988tAzuQV5Lz5lZPhzEy+ZyTwg5S3zkGfp4uUhuymb8GVfy+858bhPPBma8i2AdMiShhwnSQcdIL5JuytwzXIZ14RMa8LwsupHV7Yv76U1+WsM570rSHqzDHAvD93gnoPpOR24xCEk3fKhA67kKQfQQpk0ZeVLBxeerA9dgP7JhTtjUHw6vurKcQmfej1T/Molb6UB+AUgjn4FyqcznGWy/6QJGY9+V88ADcoK7qUBZUCzTdKSR+qHI/FmOWkbg4GS3l+ydHR1xPgpk+PRpUuiozi94yZNiiuvuLLU1xHHnHBy9PW3xa033Rrdq7qLe9wWJxx0ULzguKOif1x3zHlsTlx52R0xZmBinHT8gbHzjPExMFjkoH8glpd2X37trdGzckwcdehu8dgjt8dV18yNWbMOjeccsXvMmlzqLjTPuefeuPm2+TFrt8Pi8AP3jV0m9MUBO+8Qxx737JhVHNQ77lse98ztjSMOnBUH7ze9nrB58MEH4kc/+lEsX7Ysnvvc58Yee+wRDz7wQFxw0UXVmX/2ySfH9tOn18XKy664PH7x85/HzjN3imNOPDn2O+jw2PeAg4ueHheXXXpZPDLngdh1551juylTY+b2U2PX4lDvvvseMW2H6bFw4aK4+qq7S/91xAH77xo77zQx9ijpzzrmpDjhhJPigEMOjMlTp8QdN11R+m1JHHnkoXHPXbfGgnnz45Ajjo6Zu+8S3Wu748ILL6rjdNcyV99faF/42MLYfbfZcfBBB8bsXXeJpY8+GlOLrD3r8CPKdWK0DRR9UuacFrSgBS1oQQueKkibK30VgW3BrpKWds+mwqg5wMDE/6IXvagaWbfeemuZaC+Mhx9+uP4kkhV8x6yc577gggvi+uuvr8GHs+zIapivfV1xxRVxzz33xI033lh3aB1hZigyJv3MkuBDW3DZqWUUYoh3kMUL6mfQMQRzNzeNOGl+D9VWujqlgfnz59ewaNGiahwon0be4sWLY8GCBfFoMQy0B+PRxLBEoy9gZ3oetYYbrttvvz0eKMaQdnonuaPgHNc1rtbxwP0PPE7zkmLw1V3hEuBdumRpzJs3Lx6Z93CldVX36urMMrgeK/UwsB55eF6heUHMnftQ/XjWhPHjavseLbTMmTOnHvVG07JSvrPQ62Na0tWNTvTAzWjVTmkMXnyTLi0NYyBdGXjxWzqjX1m8wte5c+dWnsinXDoDBDZx4otnPFIWPXCjQ33a7VnfAfwQsg+TJnXmACED0uXzDK+0LAe34F7ezOc58WY9ZM1z1o0WoD73WQ5+tGhL4s5ynnOQuhffLCvNPVrgaOZTJ9CGhIzLPK4CUFafeYY74zzDj27XDPC6wpll5M8+kAbQKABx0tCqLjjIK1qyHfCJzz7Xr+RAvL4Wl3SJS75lO+EGWR5dAtx5n+W1Cc6k1TPwnHIhv3u4kn/S1ScOZLq84hNvxgP1wSddvuxHOsA9uuHFj+RJtgseV+lCky5jAY9SB6k3x4R0+QBcwDPc2pL8S9oFuEGzvPGsXrQCeZRp8kEcOoByQLp6s4/EJ86sU56kBS558SL5lTyXluWA+yZ4XlVkym5vW3upv+S/8+574vY774w5cx+O22+4MWbP3j1Ofv5zYvvtp8W8uY/EvXffG6tXrIoj9t47jjl4vxg7cTAWr14SN153X/Sv7Yyjj9w7dpreEf19xeEfGBNLVq2OK6+7JTraJ8axR+wT8x68NS675ObYacc948Rj9i26M6K7bzAuv+b6OO/8K2K/vfaLE448OHbfdUYcfMQRscdBR8SEHWYWB3heLF74aBx37H4xe59dom9wTNx0+51x9o9+EuMmTonnveBFMWPmLjFn3oK4+PIro704kEefeFJMnjEjFq3ujqtvuz2WF/18ytHHxLGHHxM7Tp0W+83eOQ7afa9YNX9p9C54LJ61976xzw4zYlJh1+zpO8VRBx4Yzz/u2PjtU19Z6F8ZEyfPjROetVN0ti2NaZO7Y889tou99pwR++4/M3aZvV3c/9CN0dO/MA47fO+4775bCj+644QXPC8m7TozlvasjBvvuiXGTZkU+x2wf517OsZ2xpvf+IZ4w2+9Jp5z7HHRt3J19K9eE4fuv39sP2FSlJ6LNi86t6AF2xCkvgLDdVYLWtCCzQ9siLRL04ZgW3hOG2YkMKq/A8z4Y8D5GNb3vve9OPfcc6tzeOihh9bfb+LYfP/734+zzjorrr766rjppptqWS82++3gn/zkJ3HGGWfUtIsvvrjiO+yww+rxag7XOeecE//1X/8Vv/zlL2tZ2+GzZs2qDPr5z38eH/nIR+I//uM/4qqrrqovTXNo7Uhzos8+++z4q7/6q/jBD34Q559//uNpnKybb745Pvaxj8XHP/7xOP300+O73/1uMbS2r3X7qNe3vvWtivfrX/96/aknuzDStBWtyvzsZz+Lyy+/vOKdUYwdNF9yySXxxS9+se4OcPrxYs899oyZO+8cC4sTieZzfnhOvUrbpxhzO+24UywqjuRll14aPy84f1HaCvd1114bM3aYHrvsumv9WYzPfuZf4w5fRi0O9ve/d1b0FkE58KADq5P84x//OL70pS/FjTfeFJcUPl5ScOHVnnvtWRcWPvnJT9YjBfipXdq/zz771D7isEj76Ec/Wq/a69i3PtI27fmLv/iL2g/ouOyyy+rRd/3w1a9+tfLRIoeFDAbxbrvtVg1nP/Fx0UUX1b65tNCTCyN46Pm8886r/PMzIfqXc4AeAwCP1QUvubjrrrtqWQsnaFL2a1/7WuWztsPDqSBTP/3pTytdZPJXv/pVpdeChv61eAKnT6z/4he/qHjFwc1hsHjAQLSAgX4LNJx8X1BGN0ffAkAuvhiU+h2Ik9fV4oc6yaFyFicsFFg0USeHm6wD48g4ES+f9sEL8EJeCxDqzoUc/E2HhSMj3iKDKz6oV7r+UB5wjCxIpGNDsaTz4l5Q1jPFk3W4xxvBvbGX6ZSRPHCjVZ5cwIJPPvHyJA734qS5F9JhEtSfCg808wBpIPOmU5jgHn750Jh0o7HZRnng1D/AM17Kk+1KHkgDymY8vEk33OqDS1zS3sTjXnn9nu0RlMs6gTRBnLQMcCufNDVBfejI+uTFF32V7Ycveea+2f5MB+rIe/E5GSVuz+QGTdLRowxIPomDI/EAeZvXrlLv+I7O6Ggr8lWc4Hlz5sZtRX/Nf3BudK/siROOOS6ec8wxsdOkKbFywdK445qbo727N0466qA49JDZ0TV5Ugy0d8a99z4ccx6cF1PGr4pJ45bXHePuIvL3zXkwLil6YXznpDjuiANj7fIFceft98bEwv/9Dtw92kv5uY8tjfMvvjIeeWhBvPQ5J8ThB+wVY3xfYfLU6B/bFSt6B+Pmm26Lx+bOiSOPOSh22WuXWFEc62uuuz6uvua6OOCAg+pO7NRpU+OxhYvi0iuujNVre+PwYwvdRZfNX/hYXF3ydhVenXxkcar32iu6ir7p628vY7E3br35trj95htjn913Kw78YTF+XOkLp30KG/t7iiwUnt98120xOLa3OMCHxWDf2tLZfUXnT4qx7SWMmxAPzn0kLrrg/OjoHBsnn3xyLHp0YSx+dEUccsARsdOMHaKve03cf8dd0THYFvvusXfcUepcsWR5PPe5J5b5sMylg/1x+733xOLVK2Ovg/ePCdO3Gzo51NoB3magOd6b9wnD4zynzhHcC/QDHeA+82W6D3a2lfu+x/VJ0RElzkc766m4WkAdRbeJL0Gc51LL0H0Nv/5z0qOWL3jrd08af3DVj4+uHXoVDCR9gD5L+pNGOjPpl1do5llfaELyCQxPa0ELWvDEYNywd20k2nhhvxiXxis7Y6TjatQc4DTqGEIUBSdi//33j6OOOqr+7AonCrEMrL3KxH/cccfFiSeeGCeddFJ1vjgejGVlTjjhhDp5H1MMHj/boqFwexkavmc/+9k1TV71UDQcj8MPP7yW43DbjX7Oc55T86ApDUUOACaqQz71wi2dokOfetTh91LlTwfIvXY44n3kkUfW9nCgOGw6hzHLGeQcc75uuOGG6tBxRDiWyh57zLExqzjAi4uDwlG7ujiEfuKjrxhK2rbnnnvVd8buvOvO6vjdVRzwJcV5wofjjj++4ndU7rxfnFfrXL7M+2d3x4EH7F+/vO2jWZz2227zjtxDdSe+vRgwxx1/XHW8OdocXk6Z9jDytR+/1EG40hnlZMH5ute9rqZz2jiwd999dzV8tQm/8FLbLG4oy7G64447Kj/xgrOJR1/5ylce3/mHm1yAb37zm/G5z32uOrnoVlaf60/9A6c86OZYcxzxf/bs2bU9FjU46pzq3IVXlpyhVx9xKtFt4YTjfOyxx9a2fuc736mOM+fWQgS6yIx2cZr/7d/+Lb785S/XRRALOuhRt7ZbDPjMZz5TFwMs+HB8DjjggHqV/x/+4R/iP//zPyt+/EYvGfnGN74Rn/3sZyvdyqHNAgKHn0OtrXBbQLFgoYy26G8OPLq0yYICfvjaui/kkUft047Mo6361aQvzWIKvNpCvvS9vtMeJzYsMOAFXutjaerXJnG5eAGf+vBDGr7JzyHX78ake/nkF4wDCwHqNBbx3wIBJ18/6h8yqT1AWi4kSNOvdITyeCGve32lHvgAuqSJSyUpn6s86JWWBkrqLDpAHn0gjzKCfIJ04KpO7cxntKnTPf0iXVl4pDGk4FYXPgF5gHRBfnQAeZM+9+KlKyOIEwA6pDXxy59BmjaJVzbjE0fmEdDvGZ/Unw5ztjXzZF3i4cRnV2lJS9LvGSSOhKwfMIS7S5/U7xsU4/XhMiauv+HGuPf++4s+3jlOfelL6wKhn6Nd090TD93/cGxXHNNTnndc7DJzu1i5tjs6JoyLsW0TYvnSnuLE3hx33npJXHXF9XHtFTfF9TfdEI8U2Tv4oMPj6MMOiKnj22PpylXFMb4/FvX2xKLiPF956x1x6Y23xn577xWvfOGJRX4XxM+uvCaunPto3LdsVdyzeFlcd81lseqxe+LQY4+IWfseEHfd92D88qJLo3egLZ77wpfEfgcdWpzmzliwZEXcfPcDsXpgTOy8xz71C9YXXHFN/OLSK2L23rvGPgfvGdfef1/cYDe75L3oxhviZz/9UbR19MdJrzolxk+fFPc98mA8tro48ePGxrK2/rj+vnvie2f/V6xZel+ceMx+Mb5jMFYsfDQWLlgRvWs7C+/a45KLr4lf/urSmLXbXvG8k18aAyX+kQdXxm6TtovZ49pi7s23xx2Fjl2mTosDd987br/p1pg3d14cfsQRsf3MXePuufPjghuujp6uMbHfcUfEmO0mRWeZPyZwIp6BQAabspjyls8JGQ+aaWQ2nxNX0ykCxoo4sg+yjHTXLN+sI2mS1zjK8WasuGYdnqUL8AmJx3imB+UX55kOynHunv4xhuGCM+uSP8flcPpyXEvPclm3vNKzTD7Ll7TJjwZx6nLFG3nh9AsYawrdauOUcmpru8t9fV6HB164SsEh3CWUhFpvuSnxQ7TWD4XC3UbvrNMlxa5h2/hpSY52pb/UgQ66KnWYeqWhEX3JA3F4mDrN84YgedGE4XGJtwUtaMGTB3qE/f+pT32q6pLjiw9EnxlfdUxvZFw+GRjVI9AGOWXBkD+iTKgcXFdGNEIZy5zdZz3rWdWx4qRwCvK9Njun3h2Wx1e/PFNAqagY8zsXJw5+TqpnykxZDqddTo4aZwGeLC8PJ2zfffet72j9xm/8RnVyUvkxqjkujm+//vWvj9/+7d9+3AmyQ6xOTo/0V77ylfVemVSmnFLOq3hOnTZpq3ZpByc/fxrqoAMPjInjJ1Tl7Tj0noXWww49rKYdddTRsf0O21eHA8+UPfa44+IFL3hBPO95z4t999s3xhWcO5S2HFn4ytk/6uijKo857HsUJ8hv/04utHGoOD749JznPDeeU9rNsagTRgl4ij481K6Xv/zllV+AE2nyJGjitAsu8Rx6O5PK4TU+W0jAf04entot1hf6VxBnh5TjasFCXvHkA485OfBpx8EHH1zL6g88wQf1mujtJutHdSprJ1ZZTrMdT3zXX/DrD3g4c3Z377333jpoLJRYfDGQOB2cSM6VvmQsaKc09Vp10l7OmTSTsf7l8BuMHEl5OI9wabeFGTQ4xq/u5KU4iwH6hSNqQQVf9AMZFK9dHESOMUfT4Of8aRcZwgPKgBMLv9cB1E/etVd+CxecW46x/tBHxhP6ObDaa1EEDZxpE7+FHn3DWeeQc5ydoOAkwg04xp/4xCdqHmXJgDFgbMBp599iAcfeqQLp+lAfOVHx6U9/ui422G0n33iBL2eeeWbFaYHEbv2DDz5Y6yR7Tk04rYFufWihQP+QY/jRZDEFDyx04A/dYMXQAoCydtLxhDOOxymLTgrgk3rxkZwLjCYLAU5H6AOLCfilTjKKBnyzSGNBiGMPJ3kx5slI7tAL5EQaXrnniOKrMajfBeNQUFa6oKw+g1s8GRPwTDq5J8/kFj5prnjgisdkS1nP5JOu0t/ujTsBDulpsMGDNvxHm3jP6MFDcfDAnXoEHnjRhDY0ZZw8CXAJyjTB85i+wo81xVgtVx+rsgs8eey42H2nXeLQfQ6II4sszdpuSrQV53fq2Akxrr8jZk/fMQ47ZPfoj6Xx8MJFMdA+LnbbZfeYVWSgbWBBLFpQnODb58Qjc1ZE16TxccQxh8cLn39y7LzDlJhS2je1OJlLVs2LGxY8FlcvXBV3P7o4OnaYGac+9/h47iF7l/HzQJzx01/GWVfcGPcvXhpzlpU+XXBfHLffTnF80cnjp8+Ka6+/ocjQBWWM7R8vP/WlRecUHVp4VFoTS1asjoeK7rix6KefnnteXHjBr6Kz9MurX/nSmDa5K8784Y/iez/5eVxx7Q1x0623x/LSD8eedFw85+QTYtnihfGjoge+efoZdQHt0ssuj/8u42PBvIfiuc8+sujc/Qq/l8Uvz/9VnPPDcwsdt8cFl1wR3/v+D2N1z8p4/kteWHTRkTFxyqR4eMHi6FvTEz2rl8Y3v3Nmqeu2eNGpL4rjTzqx/qbyXffcFVO2m1hkLeLGG66Pe+++Iw7cZ6/iZD8rJhSnorP0SZc+KiHlhFy5J5/Zz+KAe0EaaPa5vPJJdw/cGxuA7IjPNEDmgDzy5riBUz5jgkwDcpf4AZ2o/qwvZTodtMQBMt0125flmnnoCFftk19ewT1QDq3pnGoTSNziko6Mz7LGvLLaoZx4NOZV+aRJ/caifIlLHkEcPNqZuOR39eweHnTDlXjhETyDpCvrzzJZn2fxcILkg3T36sn64Kw09fU+/ssUTqzJ7yOd0gYKPjiFgmRo2QWu8syZXVPGiLziKk0FrzycXhsHnOSOwhOBDsOfdIxBPVFRHvAFr93Dg9aUFXE1b7kmP5rx6wPpG4KNlWtBC1qwcWC7s6XZx+xgugTQKyMdW2OKUtrwyH0KoaloKMpUKKl4M4DhaQkZ34RmelOpy5uTlHgGI4WZiho06xwOyiaYgJWDE+40PilU8ZSweoD3f/PDVhR50gEmFcdtqA0mhjJprmsPeih+uDs6HEkcmrC892sy8WVoBnTXuC5EV4O2flW6lPVhlupQF8eR8gep/NWFNu02MZoEgHoAPOph2Lua+E1M8sPJ2NV2DqdnBrI4tMgHD8dBHcqrV1s5DerjoOZEjRY8U57Tpw5H1F05HeKkM8Q5k9LghtMAkY4O6QaGwcLZVRcHGe2cbwsCgjTt46ByOtNJkIfjps0cSHXjlXrUwQHjmGufNEY/HNrAqecQqp9DzknibAmcOosn2uxkANzqdOVYcbrRrBwHGM3ag6cGvV14beAIcrzRg148lmYRQ/9xXO2kc/o4n//n//yfuuiDPo4rx9iOK+cNvpe85CVx6qmn1kUAzitFoy+1/xWveEW8853vrLRry+c///lqjKPXgstb3vKWSht67FrrB4455xTOv/u7v6sOqXJ5JB6ed7zjHfV1BM6W3XM0qw8N+vj9739/pTlfH9DP5Iwj//u///uVV8pIt0BBtsjRG9/4xvijP/qjSoO2cJz1B5mwiPPud7+7LmylM8/xBRzfd73rXfFbv/Vb9ZnDbtcff/GU4/yHf/iH9eQH/nu9gCxwasmLBTULSGTYAoXdf/2Kphe/+MUVt7wca/2iLWRYe7STvOVRfn2kbznNFr4sbKiLo46/xoPxZIxZANMuDjpnn0yqB78sEJFVPMZ7/aqdOdb1n2c85+jnuFUXHqFbPyuvLeqQhlZ1GkNAncYAnlso0i4Ld/qd7iPjZFSd+jaDuObzQHF+Fzz0cMwt43WCnyyaNDVWru4phuy4aB/bFau7i+zcdmc8/NC8eNbRh8asnWZFd8/q4uCVcbB6Scx5dFEMdk6MXWftHhPLtWf5fTH/wWvizlsfjYG1U6Nr2vjYbpfpsduue0d/z5qY2NUW3f298eAjc+PKu+bEAyt664eg9t1r7zhk5vax/w6T46Eix/9z8eVx+yOl3QcfFDvvMjN6Fz4Sx+6/Z+x20BHxyOq+uoDz3z/5Sfzmb7423v7WN1Pd0VOm1L4iCzfefGtcff11sXjpkli+0jcrJsTxpV8O3O/QQtOYeGDOQ3HJZVcVvi2oi5/HPOtZMX7C+Jgy2YJIlL65t8j/+SV9fuXl+DJGjj3h8CL/h8QO06bGkgUPx3e/+bU453vfLfxbVfWO/n3Bi0+NN7zp92KX2XvF8jX9ceEV18T1518QfQ+VdhZdpG/e/a4/imef/Oy4+upr4+yzf1D7Tp+QA7rVIvCxxx5d5qAy//T3xbixQ3OmsZZzpH7Tr2RAWup8IfW98UOu0lhJR6MpE8oJnoXEJYDEmXo454ucdxKHcSUPGaRP5E1wLx88OVcniMu5zdhBu2fxuXCV9JnH3eOz9CwPn7aJz3aiRZq2exZv7CqPHvjkb/JO3RnEyS8kNOmGrwnS1KksnmecfAJ80tSDB0mHNDRmO4B87uXLejwrgx8g49GXMqGd8AhAHvGJL/nQxY5BS+EBnH0Fp/h0aO3qSofXTzsq39E1tNlR6SjpyqG7s7PwsBSqu8fraOIsS/fkeDV7qv7E5DobSBu0PfvLfdLoudkGce711/pAurKgtmEdDaB534IWbMuQY2tDIF0AOY6MYbaeDQt2NxvNWBVP7+QY3VTY4hzg4ffJiGZoQualgDAlr+JygmkqslRyTQUHxAsZn3gFdTbzws+wo5xzcpIncYtPBZudpIzgI1aD/aX+9rb6YSpK26Rg5dNqqHddwNjOjnqMp2d1dzV8fMAK/lKB2kp9lLzJywRskuhlqzxuQFD28JsIlBlb6BgojjMa0ING+XLCAjlhJ5/xTjpo8iFXtqXDo53Kes5JIvFkHa7yVh6UqzihacBkvXlvcmuWBzn5qk9dDBZ9IT+8nB3x8Dbrcq8vpCU+NLqm0YB+ID1BnqQxFzHgSVlxzV0zDideAAaItAxwDk3WnY+3QTznW70cHrQkPm2SnxPG0ONowcEhtluLZgFtjj8z1ADDzZF9QTkOVJaFC27t4LTgjR1iZcVbLEAbnOhXzhVdDGMOIyeIQygwpJXN48ucOLuxjlZzgt7+9rfXHXs7rZxkCwZo8Dl7Bra22/XlnOlHdeif17zmNXWnnSPKmcczwQkOTrmFBgsEdmfRg0/ax6l71ateVfnjnX/04iu8nM3f/M3frE4fGjnsdrrxnlP3O7/zO3VXWp/aeXbkxm60/uBE//Ef/3F1Cjmidqxz0YMjyLFGlzh4fSuAHOKfhYn3vve9ladeAZCm3fiib37v936vOtYWBr7whS9UXpAjdHOqLSToS2mcb32BV05D4OMpp5xSFwn+5V/+pdYvzURh4cMxf7vRjtyji2ySCacULGzoI0fstUff609ONnn60z/903qywyICJ89Ou7rhfNOb3lQXa/AcvV4/cCWz0vEKv/WtevFJv2qz9nLO0SVd/+pDfMdDcqEN2nr66adX5xsv0Q0np17dXvOw+GFc6gPx+IYv6sNjC0/ol19ZNMCl/zlJFpu02akT/CYb+pwsc6DIqrHiBIY8ZMFpB2NsYnHAJ+/qtZCH6jHtI446MnbccUbcXPjZUxzG8VOLPJd8M3basZ7ymVPy3XLrrXWRcsfpe8SEzh3qjlVncQRWFsdtZalLO/DUe4ori8O8auWqIvdDi412tBj9fWOKgzdpTMyavl3sM3tWLJ4/J+6+7ZboaisOYRmL9NCqnt7q/O62537x0ILFsWjZypjm5/YenV/bh2cvetEpceCB+xencXUZt49WnuCH8UAncMZnztypju/B0p7JE4aO9aMvr/SPe31Hl8BLRjyTtbzHd/eCfAAvpQlohq+Z3xWIB8plekLqZI6v/hKyHjIAL965iiOf+hQudAup7wCatTfjlZGGBvQmbnGehZw7xEnLtpAv8eoUj+68CtJcs13arCx8ntGQ+JPWzJf8lB8P5FOnPMlf8YlPmn7N+Q1oK77BhW+JKwEecXC7b/IdaBfcytPNmSfrzfYlnUl7xVOm8v5S/8C6dkoT1z7217vSoFgD5X/zfrkrjmuzzXVXd91ubkLNv65I6al6WzI8nsfPRqoTvQlw6muQ/EF7BmXR7VrpXA808wLXZmjBtgPDZWT48/BxlOmuZCjHr3tx5CfHVcbnVXoTX+bL8UduQY6Z5nPGgbzCJ4+y0j0bK9LdN0PiAllfljOO6Af05EKcOVMc/Zp1CMY/UI5OEqeceFfP9Ay7Vzmnbel88XTsSGGLcYABxg6/ZqcmZNpwaOZJwNRUpvBgYHamiVAaw0onY6hn+Qihe3FNxQ5cKUydIi3x6TD3WUZ5HZodLL62B54iw+kAO7qT5ZXpLg5vbzGMCI6fN+LkdnYN/bZyT+l4O8h1p7fQlDvJdoDh5yTX92QKoIXBZCcYHnWZMOABTQEGygNtlUeAQxvyHk3ozMGR7QfKZ0geJj/gyDgDQXzyFE74Mw/8aXwYSPLkAJOe5fA/8+S9NrlmXcrJC1zhyHygWQ9IPDloPWe94uFIGt2jW7q6XIF7YLAztuUlY2gBDKUc6Emve/jcZ11AWSBNmbyXniHzZJ9kgAde8e5T9pMvaHef+JqQOEDyQBs4ye4ZTHAaN/AAdKAx22yHneMpP4dGPmOO0QWXeqXBo5z86tQnyktXX/ZR1qFv8JDTBL9y2sahR5cddgqS48TJUkbdnCM7W+okg3bA4VCWUuXkkAN1wcUR1IfoUKd0Dpw2cDTxBV484CDbLfWszkzHX/QI2gGf4F5e+KTJixZOKAcFbZwhjmoqfA6mndp0YCwG2CG2Oy/N8XK7sOixM2ylVB685dA70u3YvTo5zZxNdXMSOakcIO3kWGrPn//5n9ej/lZf7eBLB47L26H3uoK+tghht5zTqB0WEezucxgdd7dLr71kTr9bDHj1q19d83Jy0Q033nPa3/zmN1f+cfg57hxZMmKn3MkBry9ov4UEx9zd25G2GKCPLBZ4RcBOOj5aDLGIwGknC5x1R/T1O7wWKOzQWwRxciGP4+ON/HjoZIGJ2yLO6cUpJz9TZuwc+x/+rDjppBMLv2bGpMmT4oqrro7/svv/yLzYebdd48RnnxQvf8XLYsLECfGNr30jfnrOD6Kt4Jy2065xVCn7spe9LHYvNF9+2WVx3nm/KPK+tH6x3wKG71d0Fb1Pf+sTH01E38oly+PVhebjjjoixvR1xwXn/k9cfMH5Mb5jTBkLU6pR0DFuUkzfedfY76DD4uobb4077rkv9t1/v9h3713rIiv5XrVqZdxb5MX7lzML/cbFjjvuVMeqXyIwdyxavCimTN0u1navjP332asu1Fgk0J/6zEIXedavTg1YmNIfFh3wkOwZd2RYH1lsIOf6xmKZuvDdQgy5pRuMgfwwoEUJZch46h+yAYx1cWRWXuUFi3Ecefd0AxxkT/uMI3LnapzrY/zKdLSpQxuMZ+nkJOmCN/WouukTuIwheOFxVc6ii3ypL8giPBbF8Ap+vEMv3OpHi7L4lboITYw/uMThJ77pA7TCKZ+6yauy9KN6Uz/CjS48Qz+9ZOzCm3zDR1d5lVUvvPLDC48xQG+pV9C/aBakqRcd+CSgUZzFUnmMG/S2F5lbXa54p3+mF5myiL+mp7vGJT31XeASCiF1Y6DaO+t2cG0YALZN3dkFNd/QPFw/liVv4VtCfgBLe/ASH7QXzcYEfuGftohHv6u8dAV+rA8SB5BPXzXD1grJj/W1EU+kS8OT4SCdLEkjY03Ay0zTV/Bk/uwPfSOerAB9CZq0ZL9kn3gW4IQry8NlfLhPfPIBeMk5PFlOGpzKoF0ZV/JDvsh84ibz2QYhbSf3rvC6hxcd5F6dSZ+QbXOVX/3ZzsTlOQOQJ8uhXz40Zt4mjibIJ007tC/ziNcObQMZj055U09kvdqSZZJ/+k3+HOPSxbuHA84ca+KVE9fku3RtkK6ebOOmwhblAA+HZse6x4Bm0HiMzzzDIctgluA54zE1hb0Zj9EpfPLAr0M8C/BlZ2RHuc9B0ATxzXKuVi5NAMh1/IcDDIZW+E2gPXXXFr7xZdJQDnB+5Z0wcVLBM6Sc1dfl+E/9GxLSJjCelDFB1Emi1Il2+ZQlYHioLvfoy/bIY0BLM/kBZaUnz9HgKk/yRBqccAH5pQFp7lPZNIU5y2Zfg+zX5nOT54I05YC0jEMD+jzrx6QpBxpFJK1JG7xwCECaMmiVBpKWrDPrS1opPHEMpATtVT6Vh/ukUUjeoxOgG3gWjx64gbzAc+LIZ9BsDzqS7swHl3IgceR9QsaBvB9ebmuD5IWQfZpBmpBygaf6QRCnX7Pv8J+CzwnAhCbAmSH7H87sF89NkEd6TgjwMh4TN4OSjMEnjWPMqWBYcxpcyS0Qb4eZ0cuB4Si6opmhynFmpKsTfuPdDjxjkGHIcVYWHRxou6nGD5rpiDxOjx9oko4nnE/OGxoZzPLa/fWuPOCscpbg1iaOEAfbM6edw89IZ/Bz6jnX2o0PnFxHuy0UPP/5z6+782jijFgQ4FRotzo5zwJwGoFjnuOIQ+2kAp5w4jnkdrvz9Qv02LXGF2WdSkDrWE7mzN3qIsQhhx4SkwuNV1x5ZXznzDPj2huuj+1nTI83veXNcepLXxxLly+NM/7rO3Hez8+NBfMejlWLl8VznntK/Nnf/EUxtifGN791Zj2Wv3DevFhZ2vv63/3d+LP3vyd2nD45br39nvjSf55enM2rSrkl0TUwJt71x++K333Tb8dD990dX/78Z+Jn//2jmDpxXHWuji/teevbfj92nr1nPDz/sfjSV06Piy69PPY5cP946UufHyc/+9nVabB7/vWvfjUemfdITN1+WnV49Plrf+M1hceT4hfnnRfnFno7x4+LVYX+Y4rDbfHCwgee4oWFEwtFZOINb3hDfSUC+DUHHzXEf33CGfRqgj4kh6effnp9j54uzhMDFhr0Kz5YoCA3nCOvWORpBfLg1QavkJAJtDi54eSHPnHqwykLcukkAEfTwoi+RK9vFKBdXuPudwufLaoAdCnPqac70WrRxDjikJ9Z+lX9nCMA99ve9raq288444y6OEFe0EUmLDIZC3igbicH1KkdFl0sCJA38uQkCh7Kz8GV7nQI59gikF8voEPEWbgyDqRZfLIogz4Lb05saA/cvuXgVQ11wqsPyDF+G/P64KyzzqrjIE+E4CM58DFLC0HGND4ar17f8eqJBan8NQW6wVjHq/z2BXnwmodXJox5ixdodqrEoomx5avOFnr0g0UTY9OvWPjFCroIj6cUmvff/4B41rHHxNyH5sbFhX94WRf/iyHj+yn03P4H7F/1lXovLHmWFpqOPuro2s5dC+1OVtx40421X5csWxo7zZxZ24RXeK0cHaQf6TttdQIC39IppifpUgFt9CBZtVAA3JM540//K0tfSM+5ghylYy1/2iF0tzxkXVnx6oRDXld8lQcdcMpjXKkDLdohHV440SnNfc4RGYfn6sn5Rh73yqNFUGfTVhHESYMn6c5xRO4TEo82q7c5N6pHWfGZx1hT3rN0z65wa5v8gvssJ3/SlfQkXkFeIUEagFN5/My8CWhJnicN8LtXDg7pnhOfPIIy8Eofbttm3uRLtgkkDfgjPetBX+IFaPMMb5Zpti/ryTh0JEhLXrkH8qpT/mY9+Sw987vPdG1vlkl8STcdNRzgIc/yGgOetQce/MAv41f5zC/dVZxAruHAU3nJFHzy4MlIYItzgJMRw0GDMyTzMVFopmeaQBB0tDgBiMs6xOk8DAdwSROvXA6EFCj5KB/5srOlZxmgjI5JGpSR7l6eUkPdBRaXQlgeajoH2M6wfJ7t2lqJB+IePya9DnfSC3IVVB4OdEl+/L0XNJQS/5ei0m4THAEy4AiiOgilQNDg1xagHkIoH6VKCOFIOihXbU++NAVYnkpDuaIBDukpyMrjsfusL5+FxJOQvM509SZkmvx53+RTMw4oD5r4W7Dtgf5PeRLIScoGIC9NOSKngjzkrymDzXIbkyt15DgBzbzuh8uo/IKxZOyBpEn9ORnkhJSTcI63pu6TX1n4XOUTctwZz3QdnMZ0lpMXLuUSh/ypR+Wn17JeOgYd8iqXaXQMEMcwhD/bJ4/4pMM9fcSgZgAyNNUjrzxJi/rgQROQ3+TJsKXj1Ckud+jh1jbOlzrh5shwutNIUi8jH16OA4NZW9vb8WVybD91WskzJSZvN6X+dvucOQ/FI4/Oj/aiew848IBicO9U6umJeY/Mj+UrSt0LHo1VxRA/5IB9Y+9996ltc1rh4blz6y8DoIPTPWvWzjGp0LC00HtDcRruu/eeqssP2PeQeNYRx8a4gt+Hsm6+6dq49+47S3u6Y1pxZBn2+xxw8NCXqB9+JG694+5YtGRZTJq+Q8zee3Y1/vFnUXFkOCP6p7Z9+fI4+OAD68cVHRO9+eZb4s477qw7cEsXL4pZM3esDpAFB8B5s9Bg8UP/cp7sXOMxHnHq8JOO54Byru1uWtzg5AicNmkWMODAdzQ5Gm/xxKIEx8puOAfRQgwHWf9xfjiT6BE4K47TWxjRr2SEo+j7CJwvThnnOMcOOXDawJF7YAGJs2nhRV1eP/DKBEcDrRZNOJzkicw4HcGh1B7OItrUS5Ze+9rXVgdYPn3L2fRdB32Npve85z31arGGs+mbARxLO6VOK6iX44gfFgM4svjz0pe+tDq46ianHFjvxnHetceCgJ8oxE91+llHcmtscOze97731Y9pehUFTnnwQr/9yZ/8SS1HxjnlfgJRPuMM/70Soay+tbjh2w3GEKfcQgCnXV36QJrFLcCZ5FxbaLIQIC3f/x1b5PkFL3xhXTxZXmTl330rovQTfSC8+MUv+f/Zuw+AzYrqbuCXXapSFNGo2BFbBI0CYkOi2GtEY/tUsEbFXqKfCNjFghr9FKOxbFB0FbtGxRZ7wZJYARU1IrZoVKQIC9/85t3/Mj552z7P8+6+7zJnd95775QzZ86cOXPOzNz7DA97xMMrTW9+05sq7l2Lo2gBhy1yp8Krhz28pBenXVveXuhmQ3Gqxd/pTnccTiqOrw8wfvWkk4Y/FVk//4J1dYECL/Qt/vp+Ar1nHFjEsTAizYIHevWxvrOwcOihh9Y032twgsW9PqYnlNVOY8rJGQt09JPx5lsbypNriyEWLfAWz+TBe+PLuCLj9A9ZUxbfveJBHpysUBY9ZMAJCt/FMO5y8gU+cm78WHxQFr98g8IihLEhTt8ZG9L0K/zagQ/KS2PrGcfS1CGenNMjHG9xxp7g3pxBbzpFpCy5tqiiLXisbouv0uQ3BsgZmvU5XWs8ky2LPHRE5hhjwEIO+rTfgoh6OfTwSs9coE3q9Kw8nK7wAv0mDZ7gd53R7TMbE9LTJmNZHn0GB/xwqBM/9Lk65JUuXn76L30sSJc/fa8+vAht6oQ3dGorWkJj+sC9vOoBaUfwgtTpWbr7AJyJc++Kb67i0eU5uNQlgNjt0oJbULdyaIdTGhzSlEG3oE3aIR0ePNH36FdH216yZ8HTgpo5hN6EK3jhmgSWvQOMCYEwLJBOSRlXjAskXpl0jHTCjMlAeWk6JgIUpmJw2yHu4YA3QgA869B0iHzSxLvXWaHLh6s4tZXW4uxu7ffvCpkmhOoAy+e5lKfoax21mouEufyZuYptaKhQntOleUfmf+UpkDjQxnfocHEG4yIhz8C4FEbHEL1h7GeMS2+DNCE6ZBRHC/DRF4I8yZt6BPdwmUTpG5M//SUfvaauTEB0mfxC6m6f1dMCHNFdrqG71V8pI14+NCWP/HAI7unC4ExAszj5Q584+dUR3QsvkEda6nWVRxllg0N+aQyC1AmkpT5lhLQldaM/tEnLM3CvfmlwCOC8s88dLjz3/GFb79bCv0OZD+Awz5z35/q9hfoS4larhkvsWJzpWqrMQ+ecW8qeNVxyh4Kr9NcFdT4obV2lzsKbQpPvRKwu88sFpU3rSj9vVdq7TTGKChH1A1t/JJLrynxVsG6zqhguRc+Xnq00n3XWn4bz1xUjasdiyG63/fCnc71rudWw3bY7DNuvMjeRx2KsbGcBoSCq/2fmHkeu/QxVJbv8gcdi7fmlPduYq0rb8Qz/8Zvc4Y17fJce3jNq9A3+Za7EQyAPGZVHGrn1DF+MSXkYRYzBto+BPoqsyCctYwAdaGI4eYbfs7yMeLTJrx6OLprRYXcCDXEmLUIwaOEVL45TxyhHD0OMg8FA51S4ctQ4sRwdadrLUPa9Ajva6JfOgeVooIEzz+lhrDOEOR2cB3WglcPkNIO2cDjQlAVr7dFO9bq3mMDh1FY4LUL4DoI2cXI5aBYNOCQWGThx6sd/O/QcLc5eHFVt1Rd24TmMnBP0eI2Ak4xGv+gBL0cMH+GUpm36z6KHVwgYrxw/v8lvkX63XWe+L2GnltOvnrced1x1Gp2G0x93vMMd687zOX8+d3j3u06or1OcXcaOjYE/Fb7e6973rg6/d+i9emAhgjO1/032H17wwhcMexdH+Jtf/8bwsmNeVhcvLlnosQts9/6oo46qztQLXvCC6jjiuT7g7HPoOXgWQywE4Bd+o9W3FoCTCHikL/SxhY9nPetZlYeMdY61RRPyi29PecpT6ikV31x4zWteU3fR9ZPyglMoFms449L1NdmT5xGPeEQ9OePUhvo5q+TWog2c2oD3Fng47cqQC06hD1Gim9OsrO9FoMliiVc/vNaAJosEnGtpZNMCE5rJDZrwiyyRQ7JNXtBrTOC7HXbyio9osliDfosleK9/ldOf2oq/HBtlLXrpb/3hxIYFDONFOWNL2/Df4p7Xb4xfv/pATvUNer1yQ47Im4WBnOSx+Ikfxo1XTuy0W2DgPOtv8qy8kyRk1DjHZzxRJ3xOKKBXGYthnHptBeZfCwn4Bh9+qJ/sK2O8qR/eOPT6m+yTGzxBIzrgzysm8tEF+pD+oke1G00CXeFZPD1jvLnXFvGhT9noT0Fez3DQG+7JGtC34rUDfXSp/HC4T93RP/IL6o3+pW9Th/oy1wI0CfID6cqA6Gw6Ek+DxwKJhUm6w4IlXaK8dLjhmASm+jNIgTAbpIFLAekAATPmqwvTdKKOafO5p0zEE9S2w0bxJq8wCvKpI2USEheocaW8Dz64r9ZGgVpO3hIn1LT18RuCtPX3gdHn8jDj+K53fmeiRvIUSNxofIcOF0doFWnGRDtGMh4DbZoAouBzT6mDVl+Iz6SiTnhdUzb3IPctbfLDZwIwEXmmt+gZOF2lB3fS0ShO3XCKB8kLxEkLDuVcxcX5iI6ET7w64QSuJkKTp3STpDi6taVDHkG9oV2QN2XEA/VKS1l1MqaCVxpApyCPIF6d6hA8u6Z9gnvQ1iXPKC73wSNvxVOcw623KnWXrj+fMcAJXV9G/vrNhZLGuVXXNtsUnV8iGPfbb6fNM3q+EDFsVdpSMlYatrMSXspfUPhzXjFq4LuwpPtokPLnnPvn4Zzism69uvCilitOe8G1qtRfceN9qY9DDf955xe50r0lbFvit91Wv860x/cl1pX6vUazdf0A0UWLI8B7l/JuW9psty58Cy/cx1Byr5xrbT9aioy6D4Sf8uCj9MzHkQ+GJGNYIN/ipCVdfjjhUC54EwfkhTv1R07gY5gyHhnCqV+dyrjnoDI85Qte7WNYcjAZ2pw95ZWJ08p4tlstDe1pkzoYwpxizgQjP/XBywnnIHG47fp6Dr3qVi+aGOKhObiVj5MJL0NaWSAeXsa7DwNyKuAxbuBgmNt15HBwVqSRfzxWjhPjJyHt7NoxhT94OZCcYruajj9rs3Lo1Ta4OF05Ci6/OvP6xXWude2623mjwg91XaYY4F4h4DztvfcNqlN9veter5TzSw47V/nEh6td/Wq1XuE6177O8NfX++vhWiVP5UPp20td6tLDFa54heoooZ/M0jPG6k477zQcUGh1LNrihb4gD9qMXn1LljmadnHRqg84X9oF9KOTDvqIDqKrOA/hiTR8hYde1EccY3Hqs+samWXke1aP/lOvxQtOiQULzpG8HCDtkcbZc1w7utMz3JxYdHISLHpYMOFwaZM0+DnLHEbOORnRBjRrE8eM08e54/xwpsi1vieTaLIwwUHRz8paxOH4WXiRZhccL+XR7vQ5R9XpCPRqM1nBJ/zhoNqVVj9AF3mSj0ONXnk4wxx4fEaT9nOOObl4xUlCl/GHn5xQr2dw6C3ocC4t9JA9bbE4YdGDA87RNSbgJX9w+f7E2rVr6732kQdjD01+PeJNb3pTPf3i9IXFLbKsrEWNww8/vC6cwI0X+X6BfvNhTYsVXrVwegDfyD9+erZwxAnWj/iCXn0IDx44VWBhC114YKzhmb51OgKvLY54PUE79bu+wF+vaViwgZd8qFObyLH6LGq5aiMc6iZ/2onXnHp81c/w6ls8N4caB+ojc+L1rXhx8sCjHrv15ECaK96SYVd9EN0vHS59J51sakNkTlkh+n4SmOoOsIYiPgygOKI8ENyhQ4cOyxFa/RQjJXGeo9soamBiEZJXvCAuOm8hSBk4WnzqFc+gADGGpQPpLb1tPuU908EMMfmC272JU5qJKnGeUx6kTa5C2i2f/AxOcQAOaSDl5TEpejZBS2egmQwzIaYOaQwuz2gK78QzAtVpYoQTPnW3oK1oEZ+2wAWPZ+ktzS2t7qW1dbZl2zbmWTn3dnt9y8FPBDnRY1Fzq21K+0tahYLHtxrW2UUt5bcqTmpN0+6CdtWFM+1P/nopUTN8EUrE+rj1fyqct9WFw9mritNcEhNknLkG2tSZssU9Hba7cDyDYYaiFn+HpQByNRdIIxsJkWVXz8aZPO1YTl5j3jiIcRoZdi8uIC+o8r0+BIe8xqmxkbFGrtUvMHDFG9/qc5WunLpbeowXvwOM5nNKOb/xe8niJDhtUPGVZ/hQ4xcwfNDKh0GdXKgftipsOuvss+r3VC59mV0rzX4m8sxiMP95fV2XK0b6TF1FvxRc9NG2229Xv7xOn2i3NuAhWoH84tAvwCM9+kd70KVNaJeHcyNOG+WLrlBOPB3MwJfGsQP4yMDnbHJu4OMocUjk5VRx2PCa48+J5ixzIOyIKgM/p4DjxWlUJ8dFHPxwco6VTb9Lg1d5beP82unVfnF2Nunc7HBatNGn2sYRAdqk3RxzNCvHwXVVryDeogIHhjMYpxyv7ABbcEEvZ47TxanCJ46V1wfwQTs5X3ZCw0vOrQUbfPFKg91uPMVb7eSoeuZ4cfQ4jfDiszwWZJTl/HLo0IqnnEwfYMRLNHslgTMLF/74qCPHzOKBUwjogg+/Laa88IUvrAtYTlXYVddOfLP443SE1w846srKQxa1kTNnJ50TzPn1jQJyFQcVTXbL8dbrDhxvfWXRRb145YrHz3nOc2r/wqX/yMQznvGM2s+cb6cT7OCTJ2We+tSn1kUXPPKRSyc31KnfLV686EUvqrLsxIYdWH0DyKEPZOpj/SbNCQE8tqDmFzHwE97nPe95NU179Z3FD/zhyHL01WE3Ho/h8zoK2TAGlLP4oS/xHT+9OmIxjzyA6JRJYGoOcFVcJRBsV4BATAS5dujQocNyA3orEKU6qlzpNcaAK30W/aYsJS/NBMbgSFnKWvAsrzCX0o7udE3eUQidcLo3IbpnlAATfCYG8fCJ85yyuYdfekvfaL4Wkhe+QPIo097nOfja5y0DSnvWH2wOXDhL0yJVF0lX4VnJuOqC8eZDDvA56x1gWIv01fiZ5xbEzASw+sJVwzbFDQYb3wPB0mFzwWzjJuOK3slOpbGf8W68cnyk0xPiGf3uBffAuGdgSpffGIdHurg4UPBlPLvSdYDuYQDDaVdVXulwSINPmvtKWyljVxZe3yvhtHJU2u+YVCe55LXItO6CmWfBO/EcYu8C+9WL8lDp0QaLUu7PLTh9/IqTgmYmrq+0e8XA6wro0F6AN+j0TIdrhzZ4jr6DWwDpB/WEHzN1XGT7pg/cuya+LQNcK90lHh2pw7M0deOxK9rEJd41c06cE/HKAvKgrsrjkgcdcKV/U5fnyIOybV3KcNS1J6cx4BQ4ynCLUwZufCUzcaRSD1xwqyugDjwWl8VRedSTNsAX+uDyzHF0r5/QwKFTt3rQqa3KowNe8cpJ49Aqq1zaEdrhcW+XmQPJCQuPObfwpKy61WEnFk7ON/nlENqlhU99HHLtwUdOrYUNCwnq5SRzjDl/8toNzncCOOXiLUDYmZbOGbQTqx484DA61WGnlmPrVxE4lY56owvuI444otbFgXT8Pe9ac7x9eNACCZocnXdcX9vVpe78eoPdco63uvCDI8vZ5mhbwLCrbffZQgUH2A630zDwPvOZz6zOOUC3EypeWfArEHat7ZZ7Z51Dj+d+uYIDjQY71vk2At6rn/OsjvSdfGRjEpiaA6zjBMQKmJV494jt0KFDh0xwIHoikLTEU3SgfY5+kbfNP4oLjMbJD4drdFVwLAZSZ/Dm2sbPRkeHLQtKbw8XbPWXDnAL80lUdYCLM7p4qbsION2rLmRIjsjYqMz9L5ku48WR7Q4rEubTKdE9gG5jc7G34nwB5aXF0WI4ehaAfOI4HPJwTsTBA598cUSC3zUGqHsAdxydNi3paCqI6xggwhxguOHjAIfmmZMTMw7iuvPQVJyYkuZr0dpSf/3Cr2Gsd9a2L85uraekb10cEDhxTFkO9HYlzk8orSu4OUecFPTF2WOghx+eBaB+cXjiyulDH+cgjqWQtgZaXOhKP+QKpMHvCl+ccIGDJA5eebJYoX54gwcN4kJzcHHSOGehH4S3QvK2dKEz/YoGDlGbFlrdA3lB8KTNLQ7P6sVv95xSvBYnj7i0PXGegbaHZvHwpq7EkbU4+SB5Amm/fHDJhxYQ2qShCw3qhFu+8N9z7tUJLK4A5TjLeAVfnGx5g0N7WxzoCz3iwi/ONQdTXrgE9Kft8CmrTg57wO64jxHavQZ2+dHhVQG4ONScZHXBacGE0669dpeV5TyjDW/E262VFy67sNqAZg69kwPykDG7zpx6tHFk7aLDw3F1ZDrvRMuXXXpH+tFq99jOM8cYvd69t9igXsfXOcBohp/D7R1gx+e1Ceh3PJwEpuYAIyqE5aqzIoytUHbosKUC2d9YWTfglcsE044f93mWHlAmCjH1tdfgCsgPKNLUFxxRyuJylS/1UcAmYPkpHRDcydPSKE2gMKPoo6hSZ0A9qTcTgWc0yUsBAs8AvtAmX1tv4uaCtC11yA8XmK9chw6jUEbQsG4eB3g+KKOjOLHjOaOzO8DlfsNjuWllOfdkvzvAyxqiU+cDekqIjh0FaXSktBjYDGaGK32XNEE8vS6eAc/4la6MdFeOWJxEul965h33DOPocHqVzvYcXS4P3Z1y6vQ709tsXfR5yVulEz0zxNd30vMNFMeadyyGMSf398WIBztf6lL13V4F6y9m4EX55/g0R9fOcv2+Smm7HeH6nnxJq68smFOK05y2Ze5jzKMPvdqovYx+bWCci5dfPmXTVvx1n/YH3OMDgFdbgGvuA/AI6JCmHvWnLvf6AK0cDnXpS/iV8xyc8oPQqy3ywQGUS1rq8qwd+j7tUEactOy0cpqkp/36UUBnnEGgvelzdYSvyqY8UIf65QsfBenya6/8cZzhCY7Q6Cpv5Et90kch+aW7D79Sn2sbH2jTW0gbtkRo+yd8SRCnr4TkibziHV3gGhyRBaAfxSsj6Dc49ZdnTrpj5p7hIFucc3rJKQRxdr7hUR8ayB4ck8BUHWANAWmkBmuQ66hwdVjZoL/162wCmDgyEOUGothaZRscQvKDyJDnDJwMpuRJ2aR5zqQmD5lLenB5buOjQBMfvEnLgGxxqEuadqgPuBcnyB9cgbbeBPUIysCdseIeeAaexec+6akLpCy8oUOckPYJgNIC0sRpE5zi4Uh+K4vwew4NLe8pIrzQdpNtaFRWvOBeengvDqQOis4EK91EnzaEV9oxWq/48MBzQhsfEAfga/mf9ohL2Q4dFgukZd1Ws8vMbObRX8aVpwtny7UwlAl7WFWM/CK0ntZfwSg+tJVQ5bqEknzhen3SYXkCPTQf0FlCdBX9TX+Ji8MggMTByVD0zNml45Whr8XTr3Qy/aps6lDOFdDR8kd/indVRr7oT/ng5xDR+Z6zEyleHs/V2S4OcFpbm1MeNrwDvL5e1+1KvaWC4gwXJ644r2j0Sxp+4tGH5qTZRT6r4N1hh0sM22y37YzjW0LmDHnqnOiDdGXeCY9aCE/TB8qP8lSe8AW+dl7MFY+kpSzAC6C8kLy1LevnSfwNpE+ku1deGfOtcjH8hcxfoxBa2/rkBXmWBtzPhqPDxQ8iB5GvyAiYTdaSh5yCyJI4ciaAjEU4Iocgech67sm58vQIXHB7Nt6MC3apMWDMiJ8EpuYAA4OeJ2873RXxtupt63spfrkCJqbTXEdB/Gx5ck16OjAKC6Szk67MXIpV3uDS6YJOjxJMWupp6YiAmWjgT37xyqsLfgJEwDy3AuRqghSs5EiTp01Xpzg4QpO6pEU40ZKrenKMRn7xnB0rPWgJj+QN3vAOXuXJD/zShJZH6gyN2i1dnDaH7+GTPOLQkftck64+OAwuOJIOMrnji3tlwr/QgGZxqQc+9WsTupSBX3z6RD3iQWhKkJ764VYWiEt/B48099LgE8Qnj+fQgKbk19fi1CfeteVlyoQOIB8ILmlJh1OcciB1AfSEptQV3O61Mfg8uwaP57b9QFyu8MKl/hbE5dqWa+tP6NBhsUDy1o2ITPs4Kk2jzxdeOJ68bVWcgFXnl/FX5bWE9XJbJLleL6qoUFj+lxE6Q2xx1rsDvLxhPh1EV9FtQvSeOYDeo8voTvrNs2twyZv8ykqPjo4+pGODX7noaAAvmyBOtDKC/JkjgbjMG7EdPCvrOXMn/PWnH9fLpx3a7Mquql8uL3NRqYdZ6gg0Ca4fvloPvkxefy5sPR01bj3tPoqVvOJG+TlbXIcOHS6CdnxkbLfX9l5e49w1zwG6wpgXjE06Rt7Yu8Zu8kcveVaOfe3KAYbXvTR56Bfp8NAnk8JUHWCE+TKal7V93U3jfTXMj8r7QW6Gv+1sL2X7cpxz4hSkF5x9/cu5cF9fy4/Ke5nel9ucGddgnr8vmvnCmDRnzn1eXr2cDFvm6neFy+fJOd5wCVYixaMrjpWOQFfK6yhMxmzBsRGrls6ho0FecSYEX8IDJgm0ucrr2Aw8OlYd4tTjOccEIgjweZY/He1ZuaSJUw6Ij1C4toKD7qQRjuBDV4THs7a6tuVc5UFX4tqAd67wwydfBDT0KqeN8OqT0CufsvJJV1Z/pG2u2hcc8AcXB1p8QnAkTxxmOMW1zxmAWUlKe4G8+CvNvfrhbeuQNwNXHgFf0wZ5xUl3ry542jq0Gw4BXnWKt9spnzJ4hTZl5YNLOelwA/mAdHVLE5RFk/xAfvUAeeVBL/xAPvfqEB96k09QDo3qxE914FOMIHW09Kgv+GcDZeBzTX44yQCc6R84U6c2yqeMNPdw4B+aPacN2oQmZeajowVlE0D43KHDYmF04twgebPMqDVtQ3yRu/ohq9lgMdNxGb/r3yFeZyyXa1sK3oTVVb65x2W+WP8RrIsrZKyD6InEtc+tDhl9HgXpLV56KTBXuTZ/7uerI9CWC8xFd4cOHTpsLMylQ9hh7Cx6JnqIrpM/V/Hyxd5MmnLek+Yvsf+SL7hsirHz2WCeYyOzA8XFjpUGt3t4xc9F72Jhqg4w8CW017/+9fXz2ZxCjqpPeT/ucY+rjPB1MOm+/qWRHEuf4/ZlMQ6xT2f7BHoM2vve977DP/7jP9bG+orZCSecUH/MG/jamB/o5pxh8Ic+9KHhgx/8YHWyvdjta2d+rNtXxzi3Pq393ve+t9ZpF9Lv3PmdPM6wr6z5HDgHGnM53ejyW3d+K8xvjuko4CtpXub2w9s6wO+M+a0q6er2O3bqZsz7/TKfa9cW/LAb7uV0nwqXl8Pv99c46r7oZjHAWXcOAh4pSyA4TL785nfd4PVSu/Q4T5wgv4PmE+YExzss+gLf8NJiQd5n0T5ChP9oQr/69RWIoHFQ8Er5/IYdWuzuKyefPoWbU6L9XnhXp3v1cW7gjXOjj6XBLd0L9XgDF5otFuSjAn5fUVukCdoauVDeVYC3HQzS3OddGaCtaIEHiNdG5cThSeoJf6Srr00TjweJB+LFoQU/LLKoi1wC+dAjH4AjdQDlQNKTN/Ulf/KpQxCnrdoJPAsph0ZXeYMDbleQfGjHBwEkLits+C6vdHyEV79EGYHgTgDyKpd+kl8IXmkg+QPi0axfU2/Kg9AfCB7xaJsNwoe0P3SKV36uch06zAVznICegbnSxCu46i9PKmwMcGeLa1tRcYBBHYVFjutYKlcyvVUJW1c5L+nrivHi01vr5TxjxtW4ih5MSL6M8Txn3OQeBFf7nDLBBzIGMw5j4BiP4ugZC2JoMfbNMfldSPpIGenwRQekLuWBstJSZ+qXJ0F62qscGugXaXRWO+cI6m3rS5zgXjlXED6NQlsmz6OQtA4dOnTYHDCXDqKvordbPRbdJ7jPfBEdK4hj8/MR6Ed6nj73LCgbu1Id8sPvOfoepM7QIp/0SWD1kUceedT6+4kgRGqIL4ch3o/G+yqYr39xCBm+HBxOEqOdQ2eC84WvfN1LGschDhkcgsZynjiUdoBNjphnh5jDyOnw22B+yJljyalDA6eSU4h5HEYOsi+TcbJ0lB8Y51xyut/1rndVZxeNcFux8Klwvym2Zs2a+vtf+eFtDo7fs0KXMq94xSvqD2PbofbBAI6sTuIY+9qZujngnN38ALn2cKz9QDVnFT35IX1C4jeyfI6cc84x5+xIl2aHfe3atTVNe6SbuH1FTft9Rvw1r3lN/YFtbfYVNs6+NF9X85taL3/5y+snzP02GUG64Q1vWHFrx4Mf/OD6CXR1qNcP4TMS0ORT5s9+9rMr7fBzkjnB+sYPhavPV9wsWKAJP9SLB/iojD40KLK7z6G3OMHhz++/+aQ7GdC34n2q3Wfm/cg4Oi0iGGg+x+7HxfW9supx5USTR/ToW5+aTzoDy2IE3PgHN56ig/xpj/6zkCI/3GREfvIhHV+0mTxoq/xozsv6Fgr0C/64twgjXj7yKc3rAtqCPyCOHvmUR7k418qSETQYY+7lMRaUkY4f8JEtdKpb3yZNPuXj9HoWkqaMsWkswmMcRJEZT/iGJryNQmrT4QFok08/4pP6jX/tCKhDPsF9dIhnZciHcvCiF9/SDnmiJFsIvjakjXAA5ZVTXgjNHZYnRC4ib6MgPWn6m5yIS7+2sgXkSbp7Mg3IiGfjlHykjHzwe4a7ysz6n2c5p8iUr9Oup7CE4lAWHH7397zzzxvO/NOZ9WdZzi8O6NbbblOPbrr/01nGhMm/zJnn+1CPxauth7PPObfo6l8OW29jzHr/scj+n88vY8lvie5UaETD+oW5QgfpX6UtJVxYaNtGm0s7zinjuP6UzHra4dU+4weEJ+Japy+8U0bADyF42rJJA67hX64gODPuPaM9z/DKL4978amrrV85OkY+9Mqj3yof1ufPvTwZ66FHenSoPNLFA89CQF2zgXghbUu97bWF5E8IuJc/4L597tChQ4fNBbPpouio6Mo8C/SZuNiBdKxAHyeP++hAdiD/SRk6PNfYh9HRmTfo6ejM1Mc2TZlJYGoOMECYhnLg/IbVAQccUJ1XTlkcCml29jjEnEQ/ysz55agyqjl4ji7b3bWjCUccCukcarjtzNqF5UwCDIObUyTdLqzflbrTne60obydXleOt/J2htGHiejWedI4e5xB+DninA0M57QK6JeOtqxQMNg5VPvtt189lm3HNJM1B4Wjhwepm3MtnaOjUwmE8pxqdIjnXHHIOCTwuN7udrer9XG0OWWcGbSpX5sF9xxvu+1wcyQ4knas5ZXG2bPjiqfoy642h8czR5Mz5F7faC/++T0zDj/HDW6OG2PCD5zjrd/9EodWCwv4oKw2cRTf+c531rLo0Wa77OizOMDZhtsigfZbnMBr9xxcv1fGCeWw4gE+q5NTawGCgytwrtGJ59LXFKdbvRxn+AX9Ss4YM+p7wxveUHfj8VWdFm0Ywo7zSxMsKvgRdTvXfmjcYogfSUebRZIvfOELVXY4/GjmdPtdND9ybkFAPfrYwOXsH3fccbWMftaXWXQhbxYJ/C4cvF4JkKastI997GP1FAQ+66fPfe5zld/4pb/Udfzxx9cfoNfXZI7s4btTEn7XTRltRYN+MG7k90w2BM+Ra7KKV5x2fYW/2mHM6Vu8ssjCIUeXNH1sQYDcKCsPmXLVf1Fu5NBCg/L5rD7ZESwskBv81LYsbBmzaMIPtHD4ySGcxkobMg4FMqs8feE+YVOCtuNHDOnULx4/YrC38e5dQe5jwBvTcGm7eO2Vpo2BlBH0TdqftISUbycgceEf3uGzfnQvXTn1w5v8yssvnzFIjtxL8yw/uoF7ekw8nKP0xFnx3LYpcbmiVwg/gku65+RxHxrdow3d8klPO+VJvtQHNzy+NOv3S+VVprbpwtKm9TKonHyCD/b4zVL3eHR+wWM8p23lUq4z324g18aTkPaEx67yuMdLgH50Scs9ej2D0K49cIemFsQrJ15+dHlWxrN494HwBQRXntGgTMqJd0W3e+2S5hnAmzal/0HqlBctkVlxgnTxkSX8yDNQl7k5+VMGuKIDj+AMiE8QL+QepI3KwadeIfHJ2+JJaHF4BqPXDh06bHlARxjjGfutDpgNFkqfC6KHooNaSNo4eANzlZ2tvlGgL6M3A8qIc6WPW0gagD/6E0ij581bk8JUj0AjzIRtMtLp2SVCvAnMBIVo95mQ5DdRSRPEYQZj18QIRwwgDBFiFIhTVjoQ555BI3BEMEo+hks6Cg3oE68u9yB4MlmrJ46q8owWoH2Mdg6HvPDKw/Bn9LsXjwZ1MNo5XHbEtN2OtzLqtUPGyGf0cxQ4oUBZu+GcLA58eMFpc88R4QhyfPCSUxFnU/2cAj82zblBLxwcQmW1RZx8aFC/shxd/FE3p8y72njix6e1VVu0Ud1wo53DwnmymOCZ8wU/mvDQAgWalYXTTita1IcHHGf1cQC/8pWvVPo4O5wfDrtFEDyzU82R5XBxTpW///3vv2H3npOpPvSRCf0qXX9wXDltGXzqeMADHlB3udWtPKcQH/SxeIsy6OAUCxYiskvvB7kdy+e8PutZz6q8Vx9ev/jFL66LO+K01e6/MtLJp3Jo52jaecdviw8cuUMPPbT+8Dl54eByfuEhx/e73/0qj9FgB99Cg8UDPNfugw8+uPJLv3KcOeX6F++e+9zn1rzkj2Orbg6neqXf4x73GP7u7/6uOugWIfQp+SFb0h70oAdVnimvH173utfVPvC7bBZzjFULBfoe7fjGafej5viMDqcKOO76By489noC2lOWvHOE9NmTn/zkutikLqccyBG5IVvosdDAofc7csaIPg+9FsnIEgfebj768JEz7pUKMmNxyKkC+IwjC2/K4gmZcKqAvGqHhRNj54EPfGCVP/2GJrpFeeP5oIMOqgsN2qc94Z/+uec971npRwdc5I1MGM8WcfAyulC9aLXIor3oN3ak0zl4m/FOnpxQ4fxrg3hxAD/8GL4xpj3SjWU06HPj2bhFB1rxg16UV1ltQYN7bcBjC1VkHH/V6x7NZJdcwis/vugfV/XBj3a8tRCjHIiO0Cb9buwJcOKdNkdPhQf4DzzDqb3kSTn0BzfZIMfwCBZx5FGPPoIXDmnKo9czHsEjj+fgxCd0oBcd+Cq4l5Z5Bi75BO1TJ0CndHlDr7Ipg2/uyVPmTXkT0I137oMbb+kVdMCPNmnwiYMPLldpoQNuIK/+Rot2S9OO4Mg8mXsQPCB4xKkDkEU4yK745IezpVP+lAeekwcvRnEnDW70kH/9gi55kh6Z8tzyXAjADc9o/ULoVRaugHj1uqLPNbiBuoXgbHEHgkOavMD9bHk7dFiuQI5bmTUG8uw+YzD3wFhpZb3NH0icsatcxghc4qRnTNOTGftAWsaX8alsxrRnoC5zlCs8IPVEf9Cp4uhFdoK80qJP1GPOCMAvL1qkoyFtF+SHE67Mj2hUhyCP5+AWxKHFPfyegWdlWpDW8iBhFNo8HS6Cqb8DrDMZ0gxQRgUDT+cSoDibBMY9odHBJl8dq3M8m5B1mHghRgShEOAQ5IfXvfgIFFA+E6kQoSSEGTjqQkcgQgLcw+1qsgTKew4+gVGobpMxQWdwiA+tcMRQyeRt8Kobfcq5Fw9vDBr32s5Q0/7wRLy88MoHJ7rk0/7wWLy2yhN+uwfaH5BX/RmAntXbAvotBATUjQY0yZ92ukeDZ+nwuGojetDBMGUIBweDFj/Q7yqvcnDBj5/uGVaMcLQzZvGOYygNMMLVzTBSv/ZKF8eA57zJiwZ4OUMpj0/K4QMec8CUFy8ODvSGT2jRBn2PZm2w62xHlZOKRrxUr7HAYVAnGjlawWGBgSMqr7osFHBa4LTryWmJQuZwKOtZXRwzeD2rHz0WWbQHTuXxV7CIoL3awNmQFocDr5RjsHK+HHF35Jsji89OaTzhCU+obdderxnY9VYPB/jQ4rTDwcHl+KlDX3MQLW44Lo+nds7lgRu9HGNOPSfG4oVFFYAvaHVEnxxw9uHSfnnR6b1/OPCWs8+hJDf4xunGp7XFkbcDb7FBW8kXHinLkbAz7tUDbbL4ZIFAe+TXbxxypwmU45hzGJ/0pCfVejjlFj+0U53o/Yd/+IfqBOObVw/ssOOfvrO4wAnWRq8I2N0ne/iPRw972MPqpGpseOUBH403p0ke9ahHVSfY4gz+WSjCb33sFIJ0fPI6g/FhvCiLXn3jXl6vM5AZefW3xRKLF54tTLzqVa+q9JAn/PG6BNrwg3MMv7YaF75DgFeAzCjvdQjpFvEEvNJ+C0AWc8gFXGi+293uVmUSXU5WWJTRRqdXLG6kzmOOOab2gzT9rqzvNuCdsWMhx7glXz6iiF5Ou3Gmb8mc0xwCms1FnGILUxa06AKLfvA//OEPr+NSWf2kfk4wmVEvfpIjMkGGjSt41act5NGY4OwbI/SThQ0njIC6yKty+ATwOSdNyI2+0EfmTfXRI/JnTJM9NJIV+KOTyCcdom/Ek0t9oCxZQZN09eKt8tE5FjLRTi+oR3vxA27PeEAm8FwZ8gyneyAPGuRHr7ZIi8EnPxye0ZX84t1rcwxK8eK0I/mU0b+C5+RTThtHQb5ccx8ITldpeIUO90lDe9oG8pwgb9oVXgSUlwbEJ6QskO6+jU8YpbfD5gd9MlvfzBfnCkbLtvEtJJ4MBjI+jOHgEYyNlI9d1+J1H1uOPJrfjCG6vQV5jSF10CuejWFlgbTIs3RjJWXkE0eG3dMd5h1g/NPVyqLPuEeLe+XpCFdB+YBntMirzRmbnsWHVuXhlie6IWNJOl2lrIB2QdvxQdm0r607uFKePgpeca6e1RHQbs+CNoPoMXSjUUCHvOJcW32mLL7Qy2iTJ30XUEYASVcWXbnKL01wL34uaHF3KPwoDJybWxsBOoIg6XRGC0OPQcKQ1WkE2GDVSfICHZUOjjEuTh4gXrkMmggtgUl8BihwL496XD3LRwjlVa/nCBlhV28m3AwYZeURj4bQQ1gjbPLAq1wEtE1X3lWcezQzLJRLXUCehAiuqzwpC38UDMBj6egD7gHcygroUIcBp3zyKiteuranLnlc9SF+SpeGR6FPOXyUBo97oAwFk/bhsTgKwT08cIrjUMQ4Ci4QOtTTQuLTtuQHoVvbkoYu19nwCNKlydPiCozWsdJBW9J2Ac9yn3S8xUd9rX/InXxkj/xwtMMT/clJ0J/S8N44wNfwVlCew6Cv1aW8dLiVUWf6TV5gjFiogJfBLb/JVYAzMhZnHi3yoxnIz/mFl6PDmTBuyJp64LATm7ZIV7dnzgi8cCivjRxh9/CjiTODbs6KSS80cSi1U1750CSeISAfXnFE4ebEc7DQxOG1wMAJ8mx8cHA5UO7zoT1t5ag47s6ZSb2+fyAPB4MTykmCRzrHjFPICUUDp8/CiT61s26xxesn0jhmTgzQB3ihvWhy8oODCO+a9acv7Jpzjh/ykIds4KGTCllMwE9tff7zn1/78KUvfWl1VPUtfWCByEcRfQgQXvksVOCrUxdPfepT6yszdt/NIY7s4yse2qG3wGExxKKIDydazNFGzrNFFfwU98IXvrCe+tBGMmMRwq8RcBbRhM+hyW63kxv60KKTRZd8h0CaBQplpb3sZS+r3xTAJ6cC1G3xg1yRbSczfOQRbicGONZkD+/xSP9ZzLDQA+cznvGM6lRbVDL+9DO+PeUpT6knJPQJZ9yiShYwkq4fwwc78OQNjvvc5z510Uo/GAf6Tlnj2JyMVjTpL4sqeGARCG/0j76BR70WGtBKXtpXGsgk/miP8UBeLTIYR8paYLAgCDdeOCVh/JAhesFJCG3VPs4+p1+avOTRGCGHxpb6sjCYUxvkQV1kXR9EJ+Ct8ad9ZN04EMgXfNqi3WSKXAjGrLLaoA/pGzpNHeYoZY1d9QrK0yvo0j51KWvsCWRD3Whzzb149bjmuQ3wbApQT+pzDaT+Ni76cTQOT1I+efAAX9u8+OZZ/gAeaD9ZFo/XcMGDv3jqHi/1jat8yghAuv6ES1myH/rFwaOP5FFGfs+u+hhOZeT1jAZ1hQ71uUoXr21JSxu1DcAvLTzJs3RxuQafsqkrOMWlHJA/dRpPZFG6fORPec/BS8ZSFgQXHKk/7Yh803fo0R7x+NAuKimHf8ZI2hpaXPUTPhpT4uBTD96nnHyuaER3xos86jX+QfpBnIB+oF60kZW0ObyCWzyatV8d8AJ4lUWfvHAYy+GJ/OkD5XLNSUzpkUv1SQsuz+G3eyAdPW0/pG2ew1+8gEd70YNPkT150Kz9yuBl+lcILmWBusMLQV6QvgptgdHnDoUnhbEXjZoJIAKsIxkPT3va06rRYSLG+FZ4gE4SCAwQ795VZ7tKh9PgIujiCQtoBTpCAtwrKz6CoF7pKeOaAYpu+VM/UFZ+5dr7ALzak/oTBxiUFG3a4TnHolvBBtKVk7fFL4+ATvyUJ7SB1KncfAC/uuRv8y62fIctByJTCYmbTfaMNTInntwZK5Q5eSKT5Fs6eQZwKCdNGTLnHgR3ZD56IpNq8LgaU6nHZEL2pXkWMhZiOCUA9WWMqMPYdBWXcRD6BfUkPTRKhzvtAtLQZWI1MbqmnZlk4WZUuOd0pB56q6UXTQCvWn0Av/zyiJMGXOEQLw+eJD2TJkCTOrPYAJd69UsMDfnFp40MEXk4zxwJRoyycLpHKwMx5eJgcQL1HSdUPPz6kzNDLtBGXrwGABcnSUC/Zw61KycIhHecKLRxZNWJNrvLHDw0irN7aReXo4RGO+Vw6wt41ckpZGhZhOWAySv4LgTHmtPt1IBy+h5P4eXQa7N4iwHai0bOk2PzHDTOniP3cEtXJ+fLLrzdYHRy9l/0ohdVXjzykY+s8yCQ/9WvfnXdPebc47XdbB8T5Khz7MWp33zBgZeOD3bI5VMWj7zmYmedc+iYv9cq8Cr853hzrPWxxQC7+/oNH+zM4wOe6zO/uqCMtnKSlXMygwNqVx//GYWcV7w/8MADKy/kR5fXATj3ZIhTznnGJ/Q56UBOyAennfMt3TcYnCjgYJNNizicdmkWhSwUcMzh0Ub14rHx5kSJ+txrjwUKJxl8j0O/2/XHT/zmDHuV4hGPeESlwUINvPjv+L+de4tEcJBl8V53gcdigcWTLE7l44l4gV94awHEIpFFLSc+yL3+AfrIQoN8eC/duNO36rLQoL+01+KVBTf14odyTqTgqTIWSJQnH2j2nRB4PKOJXjKO9DUcFlbQ6GQMmTZ2jF26yeIAOSW76kRD9Dcc8hpP8uhj99E76jT2tdN4JZvRj/gJh3xo0OboIIsTxgn82g43vUbe1Eee8I1eUJeAb/KpzzgV4FIXnZOxK5+ymU+kw6keedBKLwL0RR+ihUwoIz24tQdIgwdN8igrwIm3IDQlDW5l3AdCD1BOf6ojccprB3rxV13aA7d7dEon78rqT/WoQ1np2pO24IM0eelIJzrEowNO9aADPuXUBYc8+g3gWRaN4FUOzeojE/hFf5BP5eGGCw7XzAn6Bs7wH03yh8fwag960aU8fgM0updfOTjJubxpuzzqJktwipdPwEsAp3j0qCv9pSxa1asedeCJeO0WDyf8cKSsMsrrEzxQxthCJ97QSQE4whf32utZHXhs7IX/AvCcflWPZ/nTDmkCXIL7FuSRFyRvYDRvh8KTwuCLRusEoKMIi44zwT3xiU+sx/7sAIMIvXzpWEAggOcIQTo6namjIwAZiMnToUOHhcF4aa8BYyjjLpAxKk0w9sQJxl/GMqWeidcYNanLn7Ft0pAn+OQz2Rjz4kyO4k3adIeJKxM4vCY2+UwA4uCDIzQHd+7R4Bl9mWiiO9p2ehbgRI949wIalFNXS6f7OLRoBXAro7wy8rg3mTLe8AMe+U2U0pSXDicjG/7QbkL1zHBQDg8ymYcH2qEsPklXR/SuMmmDqzrlVRZOedVv8tZuedTJOXE/ysO0VbvCP3HSY5yAxKdsyqgbz1KPdqgjOjy45NcWBg5AH+MgbbOImIUF5YKfEYEOQXz4hQ/pK2XlZ5igT79wMtGsHHrkxQM49A3DHG5p+MbRUTfcjEpOtCvDRzonD48FDgZnFO/1r51PfFAXhzw0KMcwdGJBOv7gE6ePYclBQYt4+Th9kS91c7y0TVvttnLCxHNqLSI4jq/9HEE77NosmI85s3Bz5nxYUD484kAdcsgh9WQBZ9CpAcfqtUlbOKocYM6ONlgIsBtu55hT5qOTnGt1cjQ5k3iqLXhkh9jHLTnXnFxlGdqcV7v7yqLR6wtr1qyp7eKE3uUud6nfcyATvuegHH7gBVni4DtWb7fb7jvn20kAuDjzdujtKvuZQ6co8Jnz1544wAMnLyw86CvttYDvBAY86rAwohw5QIsdeq9U2M0+8sgjKz/h1l++E4Fu/Wwh4Oijj67OrvaK+6d/+qdah0UApyByrF6bOL/6CU/htKDi1RRpHGe8sGsuzccf9bm2k0sLBhYXLARpi7rJsvz6Fk10h752coCjSgaNPQsuFpE4t3howcDxf3whZ77bgB/6V73GBJnEu0c/+tG1j8mF19+82iBeW+EgN8YY/nn9BC/YiZx9ZeHBd2PPAhVcZBJtdv/dkxu8jr4ybsgOnnpGlwUhY4yuIWvqJyPGlX60KOKZY0hGtIHj4qpu9OMVfZEFzyxY0UsWS9JmZegcacB4zKsL4vAdfy0A6DtyQWcYe/oKoN0z+rQz9bgaO3QKGvQrXRA9iE446Uj05Bnd0uFwle4qDX9Dqzj40Boc2qQcnuF3ysMtDl+VRw8Z0VbtVxZPgSuaybJgnKhbG+UDnpWDH144Q2PGADrwS77glBfIn3agWQDww6Ns+k5Z+OR3j6dpAx2tLNzitFV95gNxaS9ewK0/jR1lMlfAAcTRvxZ6gh8t8glwoN+9OvBUXnjVJegfNCqXAJegnLSkJ841oJ0ALmnANSF86HARTNUBJhCY7NgUBW8StnquQwy0Dh06bFpYSOEZr8YuBZ2JRFyUZSYxYzhpJgLK3D1Q3n0UsmcgDk4TiatJAR4TW5RyQDz9YfIB6InClwZnJiTlPItPHnHqEGdSks9z6pDfZJP4TMDywqtNJkD5o8diPKCF/nIP1Afg0qbgFN/ywbM6W3wg9WfyF9Km4PEsqBt97oH+kB8ueF2VEUygcMgTPjDuMmlLlybAmXbrD+nqcA2ftE0e4Fk5fNAW9eSqjHzqlA+EPjgYI/LIK4RmRkAc3VEIT3IPlzrwJmlwoAGP0MygcxVihEqTJ8ZfaA1eNHt2L59r2pS45Afyp+0tHvShqW2LfOJSR/oy5ZVrcXtOm5IO4HAffowD6mQYwgE3QBeaBH2rDQz07Ggw0hnwZIQjz6lggOsDeTleHCnpFgk4JnhP5jhkAjnnACvH4COTZIIjxBkhG/AKykpjSAocCvk4SRwidVpckMYpdwKAM253OI6ERQbx+MoZ4vT5JQi4OM6cOeXR7FSA3XL0qdduNwfaeOC0cK44oery8T+OHadLPfLYsc5uOcccf/WfNIv/HCx0oNlX/8lnvmNgg4Dsc8zZSpz9GNPociLBLrIxwpnkKOMlZ5IT69QC3mQnHR79pQ8c07fIwblXL9mnV+2E26XnJLHR0MC50366yGk9jip6X/va19addM8cYTTnVJ8+f8xjHlMXPuBCt187QC/HFq88kyuyoox+sNNrAcIHJ+1q6we/aoHn6tcndrotJnBeyYOFHrzkvOo/CzbqJK9k1AkG/YQXTl+8+c1vrvpO3zjtQK443K985SvrVRmyQKZ8m0AbvKagfPSXdupXOsTikVcxlNOv6PEKhX60MOFIPp6jH11e78B7faU+NKGBA4sm33XAI3j1F0dcverHI04lGcZD8qLfjBGvYaCHPDjlYCHAAgq5JaNeS+HAn3DCCRW/+qShC836xlh2kkH/4qc0bVcnubXY5dQH2aLH8Mk3GdDP4cVbecmtMW6hLDKrbv2FXvWj2ekJYxyvBPRb3EObcRH9Y+ECfvylJ+gaacaTb21EPymLx3QB2smSsUe+9TnayI22CMa6RSJl0ams0yTowAPtQAfeO8EDh7ztXEE+5LGghJ/4Qh9oH7rk1U94hF7tF48/2qMd6iYPrngqng4mU4L8grGivPrUlXQgTV3SEgfQiFZx7l3lA+qg7xPaOWVzQ+jYmDlNGSHzFwieNt49vLnOB1NzgFWmE3U4RUbATHiEVacYHB06dNi0EAUBRpWBcUnhUxxRHvIkX8Y0hUqBU8KUuHJAGUrXBGDcm1BMTIGUp7RNCDGs6Qf6QEi9FD4cJgD1y6dsnKUo/lzhkCZvJq3kQyfwLC26RzlBenuv3rQbHvFoR1vywQGXvOpIvvkg+LUDKAMHXpps0z44GYPaLg8DWz6TqjbgnfrTLn2AvrafcoVT2Uy+JlwTP1q0J/xImbRHOnzqS7q03EtPmnzBJ00QF5wgaeEBSHpLd+47LC3gtf7UL+F5+lS8e3LQypn4GGIMPjjSh6AtS3bT5+LFJb88cGZsRlbEB5+4NgBpkVflUl/uOdjoIt8cU7QaV+pm5JJ9zyDtCH7pcMENpAkMZoY2/aI92iWfMQiMPc/qQx9j3tUOnrzoVRcHWj1wqIOR7Rl+cYz85OXMuKpXHmOXwa2cejlK4ukIzom0GNWcLPXjA9z4YmdbHfBydMTT0Zw+Tgu8eOd9dfk4z5xTx8HpcLRyRO2y4zVe5Kg5Z4+zwuHneHPCBEfY6Xc0WXhwOgCftJHjx0GDWxmOrOPZ6lbv4YcfXu/RyG7kIGsnXcZx40Djt11wThj6ORv61y42/NI5+z72596CDEc2DuWaNWsqbvRpu/7xfQF5OdFwoQ3Njs1zutUDJ+c5fe4Yv918jhEH2GKLfE4R4A1HVd/qN/iV1Sfaz5lEK0fTAoOFheh684BFA32gnKP+ZMoCj4UUTjdnGd/s7Ds2z77WN16fcGJAf1r0sDClTzhq7G+/VGGRwE8jOnnB4VQfvHCZZ3L83wcetUVfwmMxgoPtdQf1cCC1B/8sPJELfLOYQi70mauTCk426FuvSSjDNrCAY3HHwgqecmLJkqtFLPyxiGAs6S88wQdj0zi3OOQDjPrVwoRXUtBKfjj6yqqHw61tZBhN5Njig28tWETQ55xzdOE/2SbDeEy20GwMoMHJlnzLwTjFx5wmUC9e44U6jFV16hc0cKz1vfaIywkF+ke9xjF5UdYimLFnnKBLm9FjgUoZCwsWGsiqZ/XqX7jQ4xQJWaQ/jCV8MQ7QaKGA/ogOVBZu+Y0JZbWbPLJBnEbQx3SHxTLx2q6PLFKo1zM60GxsBLeFD3Vqk7GmPcaDtgrKAG0kAwAvlJGuPXDBiWdkNaBvPeOBsvjqGa7gFe9eHBrmg6k5wIE0CFNVjuAwpkOHDpsWKO1AxmCu0ozN3ANpxq3nKBLgWZrgnnIB8nimtKR5NgEyPMVRatJNBhRnFBOFqG6GW1uHOFflTFzSxFHKAc8UMmWZ+yhJ5QLwtG0IrdrX5kseuNr4gDJpd+6FDh1WGswmt5HrjD0BZOzmPiDOc3ApZ0yP5kmQT1rKCOKNb2NPvPHX6gH4pBnbbAiGWuKDK7gD8jPKYkAy+BiBLV51yhPHlt4QH2AE0iuhU9tAcIDQ4CqPe3TSKykjv3qkqUO97kHyMe7Qoaw0bVQ2hjH84RFdGj0XWuRjJOKPuPQDXclAhFNa8MgjTRlprgxaaepGD17ESIVfG6ShN6Bs2oImeeVhdGcxAh40o0N/hAdo4TiwD+EU59i1NopTzk6lNM/mB467eP3JSeD4yQ+P4+JZ9DCnmGfSXkY6ujyjKXz0DMgG0E755FEH50AfCcpwBPHBKwGcL44D2jgkFhk4PBwGtFp80FY4OXV2ctGe3V/84axwyjlXaEYr+p1U4PBro11edOoLzp6j5/isXicVOODq0B6vCXBmOSLq5IShm+OkT7264J5Dp15pnGMLKXad4dUG6Zxv9HJ61Mt51iZpjqrjA5nSFmXVq74jjjii0sPRUt7rDpxnTmhehcBPsuD0gPfUPaPHkXcOmLHAGXTUXp/iuxMOHFZ8wFcOOOfaYpHddbxSTnu8+mHhAk/IgYUU8foWfo6oUwHotaDAOZOmP5R1GoSD7dmvMegDDqBFDQsMdIOFAK9ScEQ94x0ZdIpDvU5rcJ7VK53znBMq2moBx4KBftHvFlQsCODpmjVrqrzAaSzh46GHHlpfeYBbGrrQZ9HCCVtltZ9MWJDBN2OSHFtssDABj3IWpSzYab8FEa+GGAM+COkjkPqPfKFbvdLx0Xch9CHZ1RfGlY8yWpyxeKbvnY4x1i1oaSPZgtciCFrwg84wTpwK1odkxXcx9CXZhd+JEIsj6MBHi0TGG71Fho0D9egHOPUpevAsMhY9aUxFT80FU3eAMZsB7P0OisTgjILp0KHD8gTjNhBjR1zuO3TosLJhtvHcjnWGccAzA5wRARhgjInR8vIJ8klzTT3Jq1zyCS0ez4DBwyD0zNhRH2NGnGdl0MeWcC+N0aM+ZePoMQ4ZUsrDxRhie8ifugBDHi641QEno0keQX74ksbIFC8OzjjZaJIeWuTxrH3SPYcv4oG8wdW2QZxndNnFkc5QVof61KudnrUpZQDaQehJgBuepMuv7fgTQ1EZ7Y2dlnIxwrPDFhCnjMBYZnRLZ5Ba5MQzeOSDUz484MS4Vy/8aRPehlcCXPAC/YMnyqXN0hjN2oF+Rnn6C+CRetWHfzkNA7e86pOGBvHhTUC+9Lu6AdzaIKhfHjjUG5DHszzStQ0eOOSVLs6zdskTvOhUVr8oE7q0V7uV197QrSw6pMGnbNojn6t2cxbwAy754VafetGgD+DCr5R3j08cD7jllUddHHagzwF84o07CxNs//CELGiverVDvXhqZ1Ge8IOTiU5t035+A1DObjmQhhZjWz3osTOsrXC6WoCQph2eOXru1ZXddLuT5Jrjpp3qwx98QC8+oYksw6FO8eETmqQrA6+6tS3pFlHgcMUX8QBfOZNwkj/x6NBW5ZXxbCECfg4ennjdwWIDXI6vOzqfNnHWDz744IrbawmcSScnyBIc0p2eQLOFDTjxT9tue9vb1u8maL86nQwgL3FWnRTxGgBcduGdvuCAWrThzHOAyYeFEk4uHHw+O97vfOc7q1PKKZamjP4jU04McKydhnBiwY69xZC8nmBRxW47+n340escaMQziwW+uQCfkx8WwJyU0MbwmUwrm3GhT+aDJdkB1lEI58lb/TBIENahQ4cOHTp02PRgbgaMghijAvA8CgzUGL8xagPJHwMDbkYcECeIY9QwRuRPmdErUI+8IHRJD62u7IgYf4I4VwYPYxYOz4wtz+iJwQli5LNF4ggwkkBLs3zySPfc5lNOPgawekMTw9IV3eEbCO3iQ3PKoFO6+/ZETHjpmQHKAFSWoYwuBi0HxBUO+cNjZdAlXl3KSxPcMxTVD0/aKZ/6Y8jjV+gMHiGy4l49rvjrXr44wJ5BeBDnB25xaGHcq0d8+lCb04faBL+88AkxaOXFE3Hyo0H9AXSiXR5X5VJvW0Z65CxlUrcrkD/lEteCeACHgD5XoB54E4ffruhxVTZ1CZ7Fp3xA+VxbfKlbHEi+QPLMhnMhSB0rBUIrugXtzn2CfsRn/SIA5cQDceFX29fk19gRR4aNGaDvyDFZMh7Js7zwGZvkC87ULYRO8dFNcLTp0vQpJ5pTSt6lkRvjFF6718YLBzrpjsdbXJAON3ozLuHjYKMv5dQFp3x2YMknPOrPooC8nOuANgM79XB6dhoBLrvQ4uzuuuIlmpzokAdeC1dOfFiIsMPvVIU6LFCg1a62L92j33F876RzvJW1+2s33skLrwpYOOEA58i8PNqiLMAHvJ8PpvoOcAYzRiDUCsMzn/nM2kE6skOHDh06dOiw6YFBkhDDwHwtMFgYEAEGTYw1ec3h8sg7CvApy3gCKZu6Es8+iBMaXK7yuk99LcAbfCB2hsDI5DAGPwitdhsYg56VTbk4H4mH333KtnRIUwaETnmCg8OkPfKgQ37lxbln2KUO15SX31V66lYGMK7h1Sb55XWFF9+CDw3yxYGVL3yQHjrDa8/yqzNtAvK0IB/+qS/44ADwgLQneNEeuuETL0/b955zDc0CPAIcbT+ClnZ5RiE4QGgLpMzoNTD63GFlw3x9qa8TyEnycgY5S8YuWWtD8pBJYyHym/LyiBM8u8JP/sl35BZ+402ctODlUNNfjjKLdy9/O+bcS5NXOU5e6rVTm8Uq6RxWzrF86FW/snBysOO4R/fAzSEWF+dREK+sevAHXvFwcsjlhUOa+rz3njbF8VTGbjdnV1nOtfJ0jxA+pE74pAO0uW/5ID+n1yIjoGd87IyOd8TeawnoSrvQoYx7cfPBX2qNCSGKFVPTOLAQER06dOjQoUOHpYMYFowD960xaI5mWHBEGB2eBfcxQtpygntBfJy9QAwx9bED4FDGM/vAVZ7Q0NYV20Fo6QOelbW6z3gEyjDIOG5AumN6yivHLtE2+dyHnuBMO4QWPMdog9MzepUH2pGdEtDiS/vynHa6KgdnIG0SD/AzkLIgOJKuDGjjgDJ5Tll5Uqe0hFGQD2+DG8ARPKClSf7Q7Zr48CDgWUhe5eR1BW3eQFvHbBAcyddCyoxeA3Ph7LAyIfoiOiRjEehrgZzQA0kji2RdWuRVnKtn44M+5Jwqx7HiTHIE6RF57VoaV+I4lMrAh4bUIS+HVeCseuawOa4Ntzo8B5cAT+QavcEXWtMmQbtdswudfIL6xcU5daUrpakHLXZnObPyAvWJR4N6tctH0pSRpn46zy6yPAJAr7rkcxIEyKud9LGFBnUGT+pxVB0PtD88UK5tZxY6HbXHazjFeU8djen7AJqip+eD1UceeeRR6+8nAkRiICKczfb1PL/h5qy5hsympDp06NChQ4cOmw5iVJiTcw9i3DAeEi8OJA4kDiRfQnAGkjdpQuyBhLZ8AhhNayFxyYM+eJOWa/JIS72JT55AGz8bSFNeaCHPuSbfYiD1tfW6b+PbtBZGy3TocHGF0YW70WA8crYsknGkjBdx9AanMHkSgPyCvHQHZ1ng58jPkQRwcAg5oPKKDz3q4tQ5Acs5VFZ+dcjHmQPyoU15QXlXkPqVUW/aiRbxyopzL686OH9oT1uF5FO/wBlHk3s0yhM+pE6QOrJYEPoF+FwBZz7tQYNngUMrn/bGEZce/HGMw+/gBhYcpKlTGvri6PMvvQOdnWH5gLajV/7UMRcsTktvJGCSF84R5j6N6dChQ4cOHTpsXjAvJwQYDaMGg7l7tjihLTsXZP6fLe985ReDu0OHDh1Aq5MEjlIbOGI52h/dwikTF2fMLi+nMI4th88JD84W54pTKk8cLE6vuBbyU1DKubbpyolTL1CnXVQOIJqko5PjFkdZnPza0Dqb2WkF4jiWygF5PQvKwANfnoMj8eK0VTngGW3hp7bz5eTPXOD4MXx5VkY75MNDoHxwKIsnnFdxHGW8h1vd+OmeI542g7TTs/rQK87Xrw877LAN9Gu7cq5pX2ibD6b6ESyEIsDLyX7o3PlwLzSDENWhQ4cOHTp06NChQ4cO04Y4c61Txz+JUyaew8RB5YABcYJ8CRxWzpl7aZy2lBEP8mEqzpg08cqph+MXiGMXOuSNYx1cQL75nDfpcIDQyXGGI+XQiV50SVdv6o8j6x4dHEv55A8E/1yQdsyWLzycJviQFwfbMXJfpffRLO8Z+0CWV2G0Q5v5n+3iQNum2WDqDrCOj6BgsqBjENihQ4cOHTp06NChQ4cOmwv4KcJ8vslsztxscR2WDvCbs8sBtsjgo1p+x9nXqf1+sY8dcnr5npx8u8gptxBM3SslTI4B+OFkBHKAu/PboUOHDh06dOjQoUOHzQ2c2IV8k9kc3e78blrQRxzfOLS+MeV3iz/+8Y/XD3TZwc6iRHbAQY6EzwdT90wR8aMf/Wg4+uijqxNsu70LTIcOHTp06NChQ4cOHTp0WCzY1XXsmqMreM8472CLn+1I9ibfAc7ZdNdvfvOb1VPv0KFDhw4dOnTo0KFDhw4dFgsc2WykcnQ5w9e4xjXqu7/uvb9slzjpcXzb3eC5YKoOcLaibVcjLF/mWown3qFDhw4dOnTo0KFDhw4dOgAOruA9Xzu/D37wg4f73Oc+w2677Va/Lp2dXw5wYJM7wHF0fQr7zne+83Cta11rg1feoUOHDh06dOjQoUOHDh06LAT8ShupNlb5k7vvvnt1gJ/+9KcPl7nMZdbnmgFOb/IvBqb6FehU6nz2GWecUX/zySer8xJzhw4dOnTo0KFDhw4dOnTosBDwKX3pmY/pOLTvTPEt3TsCzfG10eoZ+BUi9wvtAk/VAeZ5O/bsh6RtSyPIS8qI8HtXHTp06DBNoHMEK4M5bZJ7kNcwFqMMO3To0KFDhw4dOiwPYN9xaNvfXT7++OPr/Q1ucIN60thmK+Bnsv28jguyazwXTP0dYIbmmWeeOXzmM58ZfvjDH9Z3gXnvGtGhQ4cOk0C++jeq1MRxdl3ze3DJ4zqfEuzQoUOHDh06dOiwvIBNlw9duT/llFOGf/mXfxmOOuqo4cc//nGNGz36zFnObvB8MFUHmJfOCP3BD34wvPCFLxw++tGPbjBKO3To0GFSoE8ETi5nGFB+HFzPcXSTh9K0Kth3fzt06NChQ4cOHVYO/PGPf6w+JJuOY+sjWHnm5Doa7coBZgO6svfELbTxMVUH2MeveOB+nPjrX//68NOf/rQS6nPVfQemQ4cOkwLFJsTBpW+i8ChHV05v4gEd5NhMnjt06NChQ4cOHTosb2DXxX9kw9nQ4Gte7nKXq3agk8fZ+WX7AfkWs/E6VQcYkQhCDKJ32mmnDcZphw4dOkwKXq8AXq0QKDnfHPjFL35Rj8Z84xvfGH72s59VPUTvZKWwQ4cOmwfYAzFG2AgJizFQOnTo0KHDxRc4tfzIHIH+5S9/Ofz2t7+tG61OHXvFNj/Bm11fNp8gbj6YqgMMVJ7dFgZojil26NChw6Rg9Y9uofB8Y+DLX/7y8IUvfGH46le/Onzta18bPvnJTw4f//jHh5NPPnnDtwfoJMdmXDt06LBpIUbI6PgTn7QOHTp06NBhFNhx8SMtpvrt31vf+tbDAx/4wGGvvfYadtlll+ocm18yx3CUF2PvrT7yyCOPWn8/FUCgXRoT2/777z9c85rXrLvBHTp06DApWNWjDL1e4UN7dnw9X+EKVxiufvWrD6effvrw7W9/uypEijJG9kJfA+zQocPSQIyRHE8LJL6Pyw4dOnToMBvY1RXMH66Xvexlh2tc4xrDne9852rzeQc4p4zlyaKq+9E5ZxSm+jNIjiLmq8+OJDoCnd8B7segO3TosLHAuaX0LKz5GAKH1+6voy/eAebkXuc61xn+6q/+qub/7Gc/O3z/+9+vO75+ik0eXxC8/OUvP1z72teui3HioxgZ4YLnboh36DB9ML7AqLObcdehQ4cOHTrMBjnezIcU2IK/+c1vql3o+1KucXpHrwvZdVN1gB195o3//ve/r/d+m4mxiRhGaDcwO3TosBAwjHPkhdNL4Xnn47vf/e5w4oknVmfW6RK/AWc1kFMrj6Dcf/3Xf9XP4//85z+v74nAIfzt3/5tXTF0KsWOsLwxyrsh3qHD0sCoURLI2OvQoUOHDh1mg8wbsfFsrr7rXe+qzvC97nWvag9mHtnYjYypOsAIZVR+6lOfGj72sY8Nd7/73Ye/+Zu/qcZmP4LYoUOHxYDFMw4rBceB/cpXvlJPlZx11ln1R8+vdKUrDVe84hXr7q/VP0D3JFgxPPXUU6vDfMYZZ9STKeKve93r1hVDXw+Ew+KcOrpe6tBhaSFjs90N7qcuOnTo0KHDQmCe8PqbOeM73/nO8OhHP7qeAnzVq1417L333jVeYM+5Bsw588FUtz2yo2IH5rjjjqsfpWGMdue3Q4cOiwVKy86urzlbTPvP//zP+s7Hfe973+Gggw4abnjDG9ZVP8qOQR2jmuKjg+gbDvLuu+9eX8nw4Sz5nU7xpei3v/3tw4c//OGqSDnVCynJDh06jA+Z++MAC33MdejQoUOHhcBcYefX62zmDqeJnfpj78X2A+P4mFN1gBEYD5yxGY+9O78dOnRYLPiNN69RvP/976/O7F3ucpfhFre4Rf2eAMVHIeZjWALl2BrU9BD9c+Mb33i4/e1vX49L+x6BhTnlpNtVft3rXjd861vfqrvNrSLt0KHD9MEYFboD3KFDhw4dFgPsNRsVsfOc6HN6T1zrc7YLrQkLwVQdYEYnQhw7RIydl+78dujQYWOA4nL0mcO77777Dje72c2qbqHsOLyujr9wZumXKL84sbm3UrjHHnsMN7nJTYab3/zmw5577ll1kvI+kuW9Yu8KB0+HDh2mD8ai8WXs+oidcWfMdujQoUOHDvOBuYOT63U3cwnb7YADDqh2oc0S8dIB21GehIWc4KnOQojgpTNWvWN3latcpcYvxhPv0KFDB0BxWeHz+oSjyo5Cc1LFM5ztAlN6rgK9Q0nmmAygJOWBQ/C+sB1hX4K+0Y1uNNzpTneqx6SltauHHbZcMA+1c9FCE+ToyYIO40F4aMXeKwg+TmcBa7Q/OnTo0KFDhxZsWtjMYOeZs/3ix73vfe/hMY95zHDVq1612m5suCyqyiMsBqbqAJvMGKoHHnjg8NjHPrZ+pZUz3I3LDh06LBaymmd39h3veEe9Um6XucxlNijC2ZxWSk+6K2PbURlODOAYU6TeH77HPe4x7LfffnVHSh55F6swO6w8ICcCWWj7OScKzFuRpeQVsujSYXLAY7wUwnMQvnfo0KFDhw6jYK6wYGr+tmFh3r7CFa5QNzP4l+1cknkGLGZjY+oOsMDxZWTaYenHoDt06LAxQNH51D1l56fU7OYmPjomoQWOsV1fOgdQhBxiOFylUZh2l0HeIcnKYYctE8gBWdHPkaE4Ypxcca6jDm+ft6YDGafGp3f6c4Kjj7sOHTp06DAfZE42Z7DlwMknn1w/jvq73/1uojl76jOQye60004bPv/5zw+/+tWvqoE5aqh26NChw1zAMfX6hF1aP3sUZyWrgJRcjGhAvwgMbGniObmcXUa2NIa3eMEznCknrhvjWy7EsU0f63P3kYnEBeQVulxMD4xbpy3OPPPM+n6/nzUT16FDhw4dOswF5mZzdU7+8S+PPfbY4SUvecnwve99r84j5mvA/ktYDEx9dlfxJz/5yeGlL31p/dKqCS/EdejQocNCQMlxeDnCgCObo8+TQOvkuIePbmrjO2x5kD42N1k4yQRJppwW4OiShTjDmVDJ4WIn0g7zA34a03GCLWZ1u6BDhw4dOiwE5mHzheBXO/yE5fe///36ayEWuFsbbmPm7Kk6wAhhSNiW5pkj0A5wNyI6dOiwWGg/ekB/MJopuKwCjgtwJIA4wB22bIhjm752tD5OGGfXQos5y8TqOY5vO6l2GB/wEU+Naz9H5pUGJzTSLx06dOjQocNsYP4wd+dqLrEpYh4R1zrA5u3M3YmbD6buAKs0RHh2DfEdOnTosBBEf4DFKrKNBTg5wEuFv8PyAY5W5iFz0m9+85v6m9CunN///u//rh9aO/3006tTbILN4ojQYXHQ8itj2NhyxdM//OEPdZGBIyzIa8Eh468tk91i/dWhQ4cOHS6eYC5OMB/4GT3zyE9/+tP6mq240Xkn88hCMFUHOAR6x8f1cpe7XI0zyXXo0KHDYoCxbIfuhz/8YXVMKDvKLGFcGC1LN1Gck+DssPmhdbwCo7JiPspHr/ys1ic+8Ynh61//+oZ3Uj1/4QtfqDvBymVSzWQKzGNOJEibhsy0k7UA/0p2+tKOFvLsaufdYoNr4kf7CRj/jqpzko3RDh06dOhw8QRzRew0YZdddhlucYtbDLe5zW3qTyK1cwnI82Jg6g6wiet617te/Qr0XnvtVZ9NaBtDVIcOHS6+EGfGcclLX/rS9egz/dHuFk0DugO8ZYBd27xT2k6Gbb/GcTUX/eQnPxmOO+644S1vecvw7W9/uy6wnHjiicM3v/nNmg8om8Xb1uHNXDbpfAYnhxzNaPdRKHXssMMOK/ZoMN6EP9qVsSUufaPNeCzeszT3CQFp+D8pnzt06NChw8oGi6bmSbbgvvvuOzzhCU8YXvziFw+3vvWtN3zsFGQOyTy0EEz9CLSKb3vb2w6Pf/zj6xdcreKGuA4dOnQIjBq9IEYzR8Dv/nJA7MrlaGqUmjzJ20IM74DyyjK6Gd+eQYzrOE4dVi7kY1aAPMR5yryjf/NVcBOoYBXZNyo4wl/84herA3rZy152uNSlLrWhnCO74pWHk2Pafn18EkCfAHdkmCyqM074SoOMSeMsu+3hXWwD723ph+QV1x3dDh06dOgwG5gnzLvmbfMGZ9jJQEegpY2eFDKXJCwEU/VMM/k55uT4oqs4RGeS79Chw3Qhjp0B7yqIoygEY7BVCjE+NxdEFzD00eo5V3GMZcrOj51zXEIv2lsnWFzKpW1A2x1t9X6n9KSlbO6D11XosDJBf7YOr77U7+RIIFP6mVwIjhnf+MY3Hu5+97vX488f/OAHh1/+8pfVASUzcdzggHc2h3dSmUGrAL8J3IKPwDlciTvA+gA/Mk61K8GzeP3QOvniUjYhfJWW9A4dOnTocPGEzAuZj31g+bWvfe3w+te/fvjBD36wPtd4MFUHmNHK4H7/+98/vOhFL6o/VJwdFo3ocPGEGDOtQeM+zkuHyQAvw8cYkq2B7RmvjU3GvzHJEWiN0E0JPl3P0UCf+tEkDl2cAeHXv/71cMopp1RnxK6RFUBtCL1po2uMZhCc2heFCR+nQnvFh0fhC3DfYWWC/hbaPtXPcWQBGTvjjDNqIFvXvOY1h0MPPbSeVuKQGRvKOQ4tjwUUu8ScUrikk9nkS13jAlknj7m3WMwZJ8dkeCUCfkTnGG+uAM/w1dHzk046afjABz5QfyIxP2GBn63+AvoNfzI+O3To0KHDxQ8yh2cx21xu99frS+bySWCqM61Jz5Gx7373u8OXv/zl+rERxkOH6UJreMUQE2LwMdQISuJjbMXI2JSgTnTFIfGMJnS2hk+H8cHCE8MTP1sDlOPHccRj/MZ36dJioIrb1OCYKbDrRl9wMsShJ865K9p8SE87KD2GdJShtIS0L0Gbd95558oX5YS038mUj3/848M3vvGNyoP2/ZEOKxP0X/SMftavjkULxoQj9BZjP/ShDw3/8R//UeWMTJGHPffcc9hjjz1qXjJDT37uc5+r8xenDbRypg5hUr2FBjjIOnq9624MqGclOn3aIoRXeOQLnfj95je/eXj1q189vPvd76798MlPfnI4/vjjh89+9rP1a9z6J6c1gPL6NDzv0KFDhw4XTzBHZm4xP/s2DLuQjZg5elxYfeSRRx61/n5iQKDV9H/7t3+r71cdcMABwz777FONTGkdJofw0XWUpzHyCYxrDArPMQxHyyw1qI/wqjvOWJ43lwO2pQFjUV8L4XcgBrs8+A+k472wuQCdHNTIJFriyNgZsgtH2XFO9t5772HXXXet9M9Gc9pMxgV4ALnHE89wnXzyycNHP/rRemVwW6jz3qfjsHaZO6xc0O/6OOCeHFmE9XXnb33rW1UernGNa9SdXWH33XevgWxxiG94wxvWr0r6OjT5Ewc4xzmaHH1FpnI/DkRG0ZnFnowB95PgBsaD9lo0Ety3NLu2emKx9SmTAFo86QM/J/W1r31t+MxnPjN89atfrXHXuc516sdLfLTE1WIDB9m7XHbb8TevOwC8yPy1OfVUhw4dOnTYvNDOTxZNLaLaBb7JTW4y/M3f/M36lI2HrcqkddEsOCEg0q7OU57ylOEjH/nIUJzr4ZBDDqkGhLRM+h0mg1FjheHBcBAveHZleDAeBOmbg/+hQ/0cGM4YYEzG2OlyMRngoz4PxOkTIhuRA44fY9iuqz4Ao/K01KB+daInR58Zv+TEDi0H5LTTTqurexzgW93qVht26dIuoaU7PEh7BfUwsjlB9JIjmBboONTKn3DCCdX5vd/97jfstttu1SHvsPIg/Q7I0C9+8YsNv/Orv+kc/Xv5y1++OsAWO8hO5iVjwmTK6eUsfuc736nHkTnGHLOrXvWqw/Wvf/3hile8Ys1vfBk7ZGhcgIeMkk/vIDuVwBEkm35B4a//+q+rA64O+VpZXwjk1267rV4jwBM7zDe60Y2Gq13tahsc+TiYGUvz1QFnAD/DA8F9+M7x/fSnP13bct3rXrfusHN+r371q1d+K4vH0vFbfrvEdIDF8tvf/vaVz/LBbc7YmLZ36NChQ4ctC3L6j43m1xre9ra31dODD3rQg4ab3/zm63NtPEx9B9jExtA02d3ylresX4KOccLg7TAdiFHAMIkBKI4xE4OGUcKQcB8DZhKjbRxQNwMpTo/6PbuKA10uJgP8xFsGIwjPyUQMVIDP5MA1eYH8mxLUTTYpNXqCoc94Zjh//vOfr+9DOj1idY+B7H1BdHOS46R6jjxF3tt2aCMHCD7HneXnBMnrSDSH2FEavyd3latc5X/xpMPKAc4T0P8+ivH2t799+NSnPlX780pXutJwgxvcoDpXnF8yxKkalX/x5IUjzGk89dRTq8zIx5m2kyme/JGjnKYYF4xNJxBe9apX1Tnz3ve+d9XVjl+jheNobIzSiabczwXGlbF09NFHDx/+8IernrUDTu458vC3OkFYCNo53L3y7vGeI8uJteht1/fnP/95deDvdre7Vafbrrq2KKONxrvj3k5fcHbh+Pd///f6W8wWBPDWOMVreedra4cOHTp02LKhtffMX9e+9rXr9zv81O4kMHUHWLDajDCTbd5rCvEdJoNRA8gzo0JgSLjiM2NDHkZEjKj0w6YG9af/GU0xvkJPl4vJIH2dgMeOIf72t7+tvJeOxwxLO64cTM+M0s3BezJLVtGKPju0Po7zox/9qDoXd7jDHarD4p6y4yDY0cpHiaz8Mea1k3xnTLjmI0b5qJBn9Sgrb3gB93777Vd1lB1BuOTrsPJA35Ej8s7h44ztv//+1QGzw+9r4voeZIwkAIsxcDgObbeXg0fepHMmzWccMTuqnMkrX/nKVS4nHTucdacQHAe+3e1uV+vzk0zqyqtD2QENrfQ7OZ+rbmkc+Y997GNV/g877LDhSU96UqXbyQpOJ/q1Fw5tVUZwPxfeOMDocI/f8lowsNjg/WqnNhxHu+c971mPOuNlaBfQDtSdOUDb7UpzmC1EGbc+ksUZ9jNoFgIm5XOHDh06bCnQ6muBLo0NSMe6p2O3JDAHpM3sVn6lOXjSdk7dATZhOzrGmGB0IlC8Brh2mAwIAT6GlwSC0DNwGE8MB0f4GGucHUKiT+RLP2xKyGDltDhqyHCK8ZVrl4vJIPJABig//Pbeo/fwGf/GIb7rA8ct3/GOd9R8xuhS7bBwWsmlPkZPFLPAufD1PruwjGZGb97F9X4gwzlywjj2bmbiOL525LzH67792JVdO8djtFu6OsgXQ5oTI6+jmIx0ji+Dm5PRZXBlA/nKpM/pc+TWsSiyRS58MGOu/s3YIQMWZciSo7t2jY0dJxM4jFabLaxYWCJDjlOrbxKgn70DaxySfRN7TiZYQLYwE8c9oJ1grrrxgtxzSLWLM2qXFe0+OqWd2mYhSToHH07xINdRyPyRe/XTJ1/60peGtWvX1kUsPPr7v//7Or6MN7QoY/6JDojjbNGBvoJHO/FTv3nVQT68MT4901EdOnTo0OEvHWDg6pkudS/Qs1sKpL2C+cTcYbPEnGN+5OOMC1N1gBHIyXFUjBFqYjWZI1raXJNrh8UDPoLw0nMcYCvxJ554Yt1ZcLyOQeWogNWSGB4xYjYVkAEC6wieQB4skKAlbdnUNG1pkPEV4xg4AklBcB71f9LtDDGO81EaxulSAMUk2IElm2SRUcsxtVCDPr/nxim120VO7coyzCnyBG2DhxPPkXUlT5xgr1rAKZ08iWPoc1o41drNefGTN3aY3JM9ClM92V3rcriyQb+Zdxy9Jdvknly86U1vqn3LuZzPIFA+skaOyBO55IBxTjlnZMUxaBOvseM49SRGhro43OZKtBofjgH7UjKH3etDdGXGp3YokzGO3tlAPk6/n4gwBrxTbFypx3izo4ofwctYSrtBrqOQMRK9bc7BCx+89P6ysfWABzygLg5Ikw+NeNTS6l6AQx7toR/QIM745PzbwTdmc4KsQ4cOHTrMzB0CPRod6plOj97dknSm+URIuywae83JZg5b7nrXu976nBsPU/VIEWn1GWHebWLoZoU5qxUd5gYGQAyNhaDNS+gJP2PNar9nfQEYIIRGHywW9zQBLQw8xh3n3A5HVqk2Bz1bKuhv/MxCh8BRZGQL7hn2dlvkibKMQT1tMO45JBwT9epvpxIoLrtojkg+6lGPGu54xztWpzZ0yJd7cjsa0M0Buetd71odWws9nHryxfHVJoqSIX7QQQcNf/u3f1t3kdGg3a5wwJUx1GVxZYP+s5PvfV/Ont1HfS7OLiXZnwvIGgcMjtag8CweTrjEwQOfeBAdOy5Y0LEba7HYWDjmmGPqTwJxgI1TcgrQIgD0kd35QPu9e2vcOxLuPXrjxI62D8oxGuDTJuPBDuti8IKMLzwwji1o2XVPfOYbvOKIZyxLj26Srt7UnTGpv9CmDy0+0AuLoalDhw4dLk7AXqGDvfZDB9sMoG/BlqYzzVXam/nF6UK2pNNHFrsngSXZkrUTgzgTJIhh0WFyINytgLtnPNjR4hBwggFjIsdDw/sYUZsS1E14GXaMx1YO0N7lYnKIgYyfeM3wxVdK8fWvf/3w7Gc/e3j5y18+vPOd76w7Q/qC8oxBuhRgR4sha0dHfe9///vrl/s4xLe5zW3qDpedNfli6HMo4siPQuQe3XAwlL3D69ilnTIf4Dn22GProptdLu9UciRaZwWP1BV9pJ7NMSY6TBf0MZnnTPngkl1DfRzdSM7nAjLASROUAfCRCzKSOHjoUvHwuUa2xgELRMDH3nyIja72NXLvvz72sY+d1QFGa0vTbCA9J3842Mbdox/96PpbvHatfZQyAKd2u4L5dEHGioCveI0P2sHZda9e8egOreEv8KwscJUmALx0b5w6NQJn+rBDhw4dOlwEdCWd6bSnDUe/W8++TtqWBJl7gfkhc7UFUrbfJDBV6xdRmQTdm/AE90KH+cFkv9CEP5rHfXjMaLDr5qdkrIz4omYGBQNlc/VBDB10zmeMdhgP8FbfxmAmB5SE3XYOrx0mzrCP41glpDilp1+WCuBGi93Z5zznOcNb3/rW6rxSXAxnygw9DF5Xstw6xCDyHjmXLsDtytD30ymOXz74wQ+uX9P1/meOreIL5ena4kq7g1fosDKBHNFz2YkEZN/CSxy2uUD+Ub0oPz1FfpJuvJBTMsdZFT+JLlOWXFqoPPjgg+tClZ8PdJzLYqY5FJDTOJ7u1Zs2zgXycnZ9/Oqoo44aDjzwwHqkWFDW+A9P3Mf5nA+vNGXwwZj2rA0WHoB2CPAIcYTBKP+TR7wQXPgsBNdov3To0KFDhxl9TGd65csrKD78aB4UL2xJkHnCvGbuMXew77wikw2/cWGqnEIk4hzD9Z6R94JiJIjvMAM6kiEhuAfpZGFcsAP8wAc+cDjiiCOqw8GwsiNCaFqjZ1OCftdGwcCMUSS+y8R0IIqBAmQ0xvGjHO573/tWQ/ihD33ocJe73KV+oMYHp6Snb5YK9DcZ9y4iB8XOHMOW0Zxd6iyWoR097ZgItGNDHvmVi7LnUNtR9ptwjnjmuwMcjMiba6uLEkBwd1iZ4DSAkwbkwkKKVy70p6PA4uNMzgZkjey5Rh7giUy4Jzvk1+s9cRbllzYJwO/Yvp/q8jVlOI3jfKAq9KifLCcu8XOBMSG/49s3velNh6c97WnDs571rPqsrcZY5gO8yQLRfBBeCOoPDgtZ4ZF6tUHejDsgfjaQT1pw5znOsOcOHTp06HARRP+60sFO3FrwNXewq+jgLQkyPwjsR6/AHXLIIcPhhx9eNz8mgak7wIxPxw8f85jH1COKJsKFJuyLI8TgEnI/DbAi5EiEI28+imUXRB8wKjZXP6R9BLg1RjcXPVtoqoLIAAD/9ElEQVQaMBpbA1J/47kjkI5Y3uxmN6uOr3cZOaEgzrKwlMAh4QD78rP+Zmw7mkwOyGaOM3NipVPglPtcQI6FKHoKEWiPYBLQ/vAgBn8mjIB7Ac+6ob2yQd/qd7uz5MEzOeOwOgVDBuYCssThlJ+8RPaMozyTj+hP8grfpDIDN+eRs+7jVFbxHd/nCIeGcSF0wvee97ynfrzLKQzH5caVdzRpN77gFX4Yw3hurBnDGYvaBuTtY6tDhw4dpgf0e/SxK30rLvOV+y0JtIujr73uvR5k99eGX9qbEMg8t9D8M/W9csT58qSPz/iQRYjqE+FfQssPPNKxCeMCA8Tunncv7cJb8efwwJkjp5satC2DVJsZS4kX1wpth/EAD/GWwdkqRP3NwRUPKBGGsaOiHFL5krYUoK854RxvH+DhaHB082VXafQFmgX5yXCcjdlAvID2TADaqIzntDn5AuoTEh9+uXZY2aAPyQ6HzIkXJx/IlcVYfU025gJylPECD9lxzWp6Jl5OHydPHeRYfZPITmTdKSlfajdXGhdonY/ehaAdE3aXvQ6jbRZG7RKgWYjst2E+gANekPx4bK5BL57gj3wBedTTxnXo0KFDh/GBTjUP0fH0Pf1KB2cOnGT+WI5gDnYCK/adeYj96gNg5ulJYKrWr47wnpSfu7Hi7HPVjAsEI7zDDBBgwusKYlzo6BgZ4wAhYejY+bCzoC/EwZs6NxfECDJIAxc3wyhjIRDjezbAGyEDfj64YF3Be15RhHBdcOGwqhieO2y3/XDeuX8efv+7/xkuLOnbbL1NzVPM3mHHSxRDfptt6/0F50+227QQkD1yJ2R3NjtHgdbob2UiPGhDQH5OiTi42wkAkPfgbcdZcMQ4B6O4O6w80H8Wd+g977o7XcCBpf/mA+Xa8UVeyAa5NTbJVmQluivPruOCenNcG92C8ZFTEeNCaDM23OMBJ9XCU8ZCaE9YDMiHF+iOznK8nOOe8W1Mt/hSTx9bHTosDRhbdBXd0Y7njFPx0sXTc/RhnIY+Llc26FM6FkziNyx3MJf57ob5i8w6yeQnDv0EH0d4EpiqA2zAOXL23ve+d3jlK19Zj15lAtySO2gcILiMhlaAY3SNC1bg7bY5I7/HHnvUHTbCw3BzTV0bC1GUaBPyvFgFKp/AmQsNUdbiW5zAs7yu+JJjscmr3EoEEw/jtm2XuPBHPNB28YI8Cy0ebbPN1sP2xeFdvVWRJ3wtrNyq4DurTHZ/+J/fD38680/D737727rz+6tf/XI401dW4S3yttTjUn9zSvWZ9rX9PC7ARRmSaWMoEJlq26Q+/DO2RvkYvk+Dpg6bD8iV/vXzCNnptCOZ0wXG0HwQuUkgU2SL3EbG1GE85qvHZGkSuTEu4LYLzDlFq6uJvl0c2lhAqxD9kS8q55i3eoW0dbGQctFdgAPs58YyBl3lcW3HVR9fHTosDWQcG+PmdzqQvjNOMxYzzj3TAXnemPHfYXlCdC+dvKXqWW1jN7ua5/2m/Rvf+Mbh6KOPHj760Y+uzzUeTNUBzmDkBPudJu/+ZQCmozpc5OAAK/52y9/ylrcMr33ta+vXQP2uqffCoszsFBBu5WJ8BEecZjyW75vf/Gb9rVVf3LVCYjcY7zlGdgIvOK84lucVHBdcOJTeKv/K7fnrhrOLk3TOWWcP5559znDm7/9Q8/33L389fOZTnx6+ftJJdeXQ14T9niQjUL1pA1A/GtHiGllIvLzaQgknf3ZUpGtX8CYu8doaAxcdLR9WEjBsGbgg7cz4aHmFh9ooZPFiPlBu1So9OcPn8wtv9rzWteqHoa5wxSsM22y7zbC68F3dt7zlAcPDH/7w+nGcdetlaKlAWziqFmYy/rOKNym0vMqVTLhGxoC0BKDcKLTpHVYe6FNyxZnMWPF+EBnnoM3Xt63DFpkC8NFH3sk1j5Etacaw/NG7k0AWcdRLr3FWoxPHhdAfejm+6FRH9K/7XEGu8wEc9JG82u8Z7Y6cuyYu/IzeFheaOnToMF0wzgR6w9iL/mMLGu/GqzGYeZ7OkU9ch5UN0cXp4y0ZyGwWpH3cUjBn+tWbSWCqDjAiDbBM7AwSk58BqqM6zAB+UEicU87uP//zP1en1WrGu9/97uElL3nJ8NKXvrQ+58ujhBx/hRgU+By+MtYMghvd6EbD4x//+OGwww4b9tlnn2oAqeu8Yoycd96f6zHZdeefN/yxOLl/+N3/1GOyqwueHYqTsn3J66is69kF3ymnnjJ85ctfHr7xjW8M3/nOd+r7ZGhnqKFJ3RQt/GgSKN08o0f+DFT3wLOQMlHI2gAfwyn54SL4zvv7rTPHH1YqaKs2aWvGR2vw4gmQlo/KZPdU2blAX9Sd5fW4wV577z3c7W53G65y1asNlyi4dl6/u8QpeMD9H1DTt7MrVPAvBaTv9WPenSSv2jQpwB1+tDwlR+pzTRoQh6fqB+EzkCehw8oE/atv9SsH1buvFhbveMc71t+J1vdzQWSBDLl3zUIcXeN3dHOSyfjx80KcPs8pOw5E5sitscFhd3LHkeLI7ziAfrQzDvDBomF2gQPt+AgNuW9DIDjTXvo5zrRgTPv2hDxxkgVprvBLgwcEj2d48Dt1oDd1KyfIL52OE7IgHHwdOlxcwdig+9gRdB9d5z4OsfGYa8YZaMd3h5UL5j6gX0f19pYCsd9GZZdd6dTUJDBVB9ggy5c3TeoGpElN6APuIqCwBAbWJz/5yWpA/J//83/ql7Mf+chHViOIY/yRj3ykKi1KzrtijBj3eNkKfowOAnH961+/fvkXToYP5SevfOu8K1qNnWHYceedhu22364aSmf+4Y/VMS5mS90RPv2//mt433vfW3fx9eEfS7rjNQwPKy5+WzYfUuKYqjsGkXa5olGcIB0NjJlRQDsa0Idm5bVTXlfHGe06f+ELX6i/daZeIN9KA23Un3iDJ9qo/dqZIN1VfIL8844fMlEuF5Q8cWi/993v1UWVT3z8xOFP643K3//P70v8d0v88cMnTjyxxjk+vRQAt/aRBYswgv71oZ9527IAwBk5ipzNyPZFEwCeJQ8+y+cqtJD88rp2WLmgz8mAD2BxVH1/glPJYc38Iz35xLkHiRdHZ9I3FiJ9Tf+0007b8F6xcUkfwkWmQMZxxm2LS5w08fIFv3R6kf6kF13pNwt8jnDTs5FXQX1w5fUJQGe2i6MAXsGz935vc5vbDHe6052qY60coxhu9y2d6EOP+IyD5BGkAW2WXxxIurleO6TDGVBOe9UpLeMQqEdQDl0pT6/jh5+GOuGEE+qJqGOPPXY49dRTaz0tDmU6dLg4gzFknGWMAnEZo8aWMeUKEm8cdVj5kH5Mv26JoG3mO/OI+cc8wEfyJWgf+p0EVh955JFHrb+fGBDHQfrRj35UDV1HMBFoQDKAO8wA48JKN4PnM5/5TP1itt/v3XPPPYcb3OAG1ZGVBjizfvTZpG/CJwyUXRxNEIXn2UrJ6aefXn/+wvE9DjGjTdmZ1cFth9XF6eHqcnqV2X6H7atw/WdxMD/xyU8MJ3784/W3xW5d6LrkjjsOn/nsZ+suMXAM+mc/+1n9wiqjhKFJGNETmmI8oVlc2mpXxm/Ral9AXnLjGhzKaaN6vvKVr1RHHI5rX/vaNWiPPGn/SgH0mojSPjxnMOq/GKPS8C6GpgD0n7TZQNrW62VDHvi+9rWThle/6tXDz0o/+tkhXwXH25NP/v7wL//yL8OZRaGQu+23X7pxiQ70WCT50pe+VJ/vfve71/fTxwU4AF4y3DkndrrIPOfBAkkm/RjIeMt5cKU8A3AloHNzyFPqng2SZmwIoS/jy7M8IHldBXlA5Et+zogxqJzn6BMBBJcyIPKYeoM39UqTh3M23y7rUkPaiq7QzokiB9lRNP9ICz+MP1dyEl6SU/rYru9JJ51U431HQT466OSTT646NUG9jmKlj4I7Oiz9oS68Dn3kVh5Hqz/0oQ/V95k+97nP1Z8tQvf1rne9quPkTf/AD1faqm3alD50TbpnY8K7Unav3ev7a13rWsNVr3rVmi80gOhf9IZOz/K4ot+40c/KiLNIwEk1T1jI9Q6z0yWhG87gQiv5gB+oPyCPELrlwWs/4/fZMu+owyKx+vDakXb4ybE6O3S4OIOxlPGf8WXMteOKDjQejU1pCdJSpsPKA/3H17JRxsZz4snir77dkkB7Yl+Qdb8o4mc973CHOww3uclNNshwK8u5b+ea2WCqDrDJ0aRkFX7fffcdrnvd61Znx0DMZNthphPtKNjlZaDc6la3qo5vjAtpHE1GCz76sJV4hohru+KeoMOl6XBG1E9+8pP6Ext+k5nik1b7oYTzCh4fSKqGSUmrDmpxUBh+P/rhD4uRdLVK07777Ved3K8WY/CWB9xyuMUtblGFb6+99qq7Csqh0c4eY0wd6IhBRWjVKQ9HlsF317vetcpI6AXKooXBJQ9nxs6LI9ccGkYb/nDm7WxoY9q/kgDdAseXcfq1r32tGnL5aSDAoWNoc9i0VRvxszUg/xdkjMNfLnhj8eDb3/7WcJldL1PqOrUa8le/xtWHHxe+vv9976uGpL6Qt277LyHoQ/2vHXakyNBsEPkFowosz64CGc/vm9o9w0+y6gv0xgkZw1P8/fSnPz2ceOKJNc5RzciNccbAJmsWCJbKidMGjsInPvGJ6ujY1frwhz9c39dHkwUueci/Kz2AV3Gccuwzzrs0K6Ke5cc3ZY0h9/RLxpZyGYMcCs4EWTBRSnPCAg5jMLxVHj4Oj7LwJg7v3EtTrspPAVeOCdjU4zKyoX4Lc+YfPCMfTo3Qf+JdowuVQbO2AG0kD36P19ixOETHcXThspDr9RK6WL+QNfnwBM7RryzD66oOV/JKt5kP1c3B9hEPO81k7yEPeUiVA7L8tre9reY1Thg2eI1mfaYO7RSnz9RPFtSjP+LE2zX16go6oo9DaxZUtSvyRvblC570YeRJHoBPFj3f+c531h1y5dBDjtDb7rjnRE/kJLhA+ASUR498ZNK40KYHPOABw9/93d9V3c8pxsP9ypwEp7bo0w4dLu5g/JhfzCl0vDGWd/OdxhRvEcy4N2dEN4Hozg7LE+hEetNVX7X9pd8tPn7qU5+q/X3729++zkNbWp9qu7bS+eQ287m2Zh4Zt81TdYCBQaczGAqZ7E2aW1qnTAp2yn2kihNpkues4pOO5jBwghgzN7vZzaoxsGbNmvp1bQIvH0VGEOQX8JcgUG6UnfKMJE4jI7sKil3fdRcMW28zY0Sd/P2Th0+c+PHhq1/5an3eZ599hzve+c7DrQ+6zbB7Mcp+8+tiEJZ07wIffK971SOFvvwJnzrsuDGiOBAMF4aJ+hlA6FMn4UU/g4+R5L1U5dEryM/wZFRxeOGUX1kr/nZDvMvMSGREqcM15Zc7aD8Ivdql79/whjfUd731E2fUeME3O+U+iMbY83vaBnqM0uBpocaXUPtXWJ/+kx//pDjTfxhudeCBw4c/9OHqAN20yNLPTj+9Gt2chLsUZ1T/bVPGbPC6pg8zbucK6uYMCJ71TeLhiPGrbsfmLco4AcCxlx75AK7kVTwc2px4E4C45JfHAtFrXvOa+m46fIxkxjcZ4wCg344XOX3Xu941fOADH6i/tyoOHjgstFiEcpR0//33r+1dCjA2ODb6nMPNITeOjQmybmHJ+EMX/Ym2tBkPxeOHCUA+jo/xJY/0TJDol1cA4Rk9QZ60FR1WTS0EcIYZR8Z0uzOYPkSLezTip2d0qM8V7jafZ1dhU4O60SRwvIwbcscwRD8d45kTCfAY3dFbwHNk3uIJntHPTuFYSMQ3TjCdxJgk9+QwPEm5yCiQR3+pA260kAGvJ5ADuMscXPW88U4+jZPQrZ/VRWfqA3HA3KoedbpXH6dZWfJvLB188MHDk5/85HoSC38cKea0W5hGC9xok6Y8XZC2oFccecNP7aC3LDBZzMIX4w1u+stcZbHA6Y446nirHnTCE4DfcytHkR302dFQngNMT6GTA2xxkJGnb+XHC7LdocPFGYxT9pOTXXQK+9tcZ9xZBDzmmGOqXUW/cBqMZePL2OuwvCFziWv0ZOLNB2xmC+sWSu2IZv7ZHHPwUoG5wtxE75szBBsb5ju8MTeOC1N1gBGGKJOVydDEZXLu8JdAQCksO64MhPvd734bdqYExoXjcIwKO2aMeCv6jFcGDt5ynBgY+MvgIPAZJISCI2AHgOPIcV29anVRfOcMPzz1B8P73v++De8X36QY/gcUJ8l5+itfafdh+9JnBtaODMgz/zh8thhTP/zRaTVfPtBCeaKXAcTx4IAwjihUO3GMN0IZ44rwfv3rX6+rkXYdxaNRvPZY8dceipkhHkOQImecy0+2tA+/4ATLbZCj0WDNxIJez+mXPOs3zhdnA+gjisvkhEcmMXGMyxiQ+AXg0e627VxITz6CJa8Pnv34tB8PZ/zijOHu97jH8Jtf/6oeIdR/xqS+12d3u/vdh60KPvn1KXnQB6FVneIrziIT0tAsXlsBp0GQL5Cy5JjRilb9zOk76KCDan+iQ/8L8mtniyd9rB7l23ajw/jgvB1YZPdRj3pU3RlifFs04WA4GsS5UJ7s4bcJQp7wkkOEL+qMk7AUwPnilKjn+c9//nD44YcPD37wgzfsxDrloV2R87QZj9L2OCaRLzzTX+LCv6Qp46qcOuWR164lXYIPJhNjTpzXCizA4Yt8ysGZBUzl4RM4HeI4Hq7yya9u+ci2ftzUoG6AJrQYS3YkyQOwUGJsZfeTPGoDnpNpfNB+eouDR748c0wFvNBOZeXhmNGBdDSnzQcL4VQnHuCTviX/JmvlycErXvGK4fjjj6+vu9j1tSCUY710AF3Nwc5JELRYoNEeYxa9aDBuAJqMTe2zcMYgojtvfetb14VDMiSdrGU8aq8FKfzQluzUwg3wUpn0qTZaLGFoWbTx7ITQPYpuof+NKbSZ0+h/6cYoPtDhaIRHHZFLbchVXjwiS8akXXv8sjAEB77RifhsPpSm7zI+OnRYSiCXo3LWxs2WPi0wbozX6PXoW0A/Jc38ZkPFHGscG++cIpspa9eurePFBwHZU8YNMB7hbAMw9uGGt8PmA32vT6I3gf5PkE4net3R/EAfZ57a0oA8kltX/oUNQXOSOdjm0bgwdQfYJIg4Rw4ZVTE4L04DqhXSKBX3AI/cE1zH7Uz+PlbCcIpBYLWOkyIfoabkHPVkCAUYBAx7hhslx4hhcDE+DQJl7GBkx5Vh++1vfasKjXvva3EeLl/qXb1VcbxXr6o7gdsWQ9rXgcF/FMf0mJe/fDjzT2cO1y1GWQz1gIGJRsa3OrXFAgglTCFra/qck8sw8p6CcgwbxpoVSvcMQquWHOAYYiDGNN4oF2jpWC6AJnTivUkEX9AsDp/EM4xd/cyV/swXth23xAPGHmNanzEAtT+ODVxtu3N/4QUzDqo6Kr/L9afFGHd0Hb9NfsYjPu9T+vA7xfh1pPN2t71d6evthwsunHGQgg996hJaQ1g7tKltl3jGOOM6fYQOuCgsz9rMKWUco8fEjBYGP9rgUD7yEhwJ8MInyMOJwyOLLt6dt3iDZnnRRkHiqXGFjxaOjJG///u/rwoTwCWOA2zsGA9LBeh53/veV/Whd6DVZ8Ky66xeNOtn8uCINKeHo0InhAee9RGe4QH6OQt0Bd7BIQ/c4o01PKZ38VMcPtixvPOd71wdE/g5XEIcq/Sxfqc/lMdD/WJ847P64+DEmBLvXj44NjWoX/tjAJBZ9JBzE6T20i3ZrbQDiyecf3LpS/x4KZ08W4DSP3Ei8VC79UVkFF841HiHH5xi5TnP9KzTN+TQQg3ekj36mlN+3/ved7jxjW9c4+DS//oRHnLiHSeOMH3q5I/xK11+MqBOfQQfmXGqg1NLj3CqtQsv0BznGh/Q7MTOcccdt8GAsDCmHuMh45FDKlgoMU/5iT4Lr8bazW9+88oXTq+xjd/GtGc6nZOcEz/aIV3fcLjhxD9ySrbIvF1lPJOH7FlIMD/ikzyuyiljoQs+8fghrsPGQ/RKdIkwF8iH36DNJ94zHJkz3Lc486zPgif3SXevfOKNAXIQHKkreODwGteqYrecXcbquvP9DNC2wwXril4qOnLrrS0aXzCcd87Me/6rVq2eWRwu82SJKLbOzGKietCceuAVF5vDuKl1NXOrOPfi015x7pcC1CWkLvTl2VXdwNixyEofyEdnWQgzBr2qQF+Ye4338BbPWwivAT4LHTYPtH3rXp8mJA7Q2/qX7uUrkF1pZHVLg4w/87VTDeY7c7R5dlyYqgNswOgQEz7D0gSPuHTkltgpswEBpCABgWUktApTugkdjxgMjBYheTlFhNpqHWMV/+yqU36UlCvjFK/tdHGaxMln5Q8ehi6DxW4qvvsI0feKMbbX9fcabnPQQcMee15z2KrQcWYxAn3giuFD/dVAEZY0TtQHP/CBinefYngwPkAGXxSk/BQsHCYLQXvRyECRj5HGcXEsDxBi9OEJI4myzm4NoKRXqryYWNr+5ri4etYmk5V+t4Ou3xl7DFTjxYTlwzicYcf99CtHAz+UH4WZvipytr4+8OdShnP4+c99vuJQ9vSfzew4X604AY7CXna3y5a029W+ZBDoM5OmvAJQr75DM8UKf/pc/sijkDzSpZFjfe9eW+1mMXb1sYUOaSlfZa9c8YWsoSPjJPgFgK/4ZbXbGLrPfe5TxwlnRlm0W4Ah7xZ4LAoZT2jg1KCH4Sw/GbSIJI9xEsNn2mBRkANj55Wc46sAOFv6HG/0+9q1ayvtyugv7Ta2LIBxFBxfRSc+GE/i4dI33inn3HkPTH120uTj4JJBi02cEM4X0CccNHLI0cFPOJSzYBUcjCo6hm6hcyw+SLMjqC/oJvH6gYO1OUA78ZLsaCt5xJPIDSePg0o+6N2XvexllecmUG3w3i3ZcELB2PMOML5E/oPLc8aAK9mBV79a7FU/3ljwsbghncPpai7khDtKLa/yxkDkHW34J57zit8cbPWjWV9JV5fxRR448vrbYsY973nPDeMBP4yf0G1sGHPaJN29q1MS0u0eo5keUi/eGGMWEMSTK3nJMH0tn3J4hj4yapFBfos76peGB/hrQdcRbLzhaGfMkncfvCLHcJpj1OV37L0OYtzKp4z5Ag+0FR+1If27sZA5bLS8+OidLQnoPAseXgcxPjyz04xb/UX2RnmiD9PH8ruXz1Ve6WQVPnN9Fk/IGpmQL8/Br4y0gLToerKaOMF8kDlFOfkqzuLo+oAnnJzbWlcpN/MTj+dXp5guUG7b7bYfzi969FxzWSkr/1arZxbIjCFAz5IxMpyxSKfKIw5+cQBekHzygLZN0wZthh+P9IXnUX1kzFjgNN7oNPf6TD6LS/QG3aCv6Rzx4btrQuqCs8Pmg/SxftBHo6CvjAk2DF/BHHTve9+7jhfyvFS2zOaAyDm5Nd7IOltJvBOl5utxYaoOsI5ieJvsKFY7WD6YJJ7CuDiBzhEoUoqWUomhD9xLY3BKM6FzZk34jjQwbhhKDA5K2Ao7o4xRbyfWTgOBgNuVwczJZNRSdnYR7CBIY4DBzfm98Y1vNOx4yUvUSYLjs3NxSPx0zobpfr3i02dW4tFy3nnrhr323qsqVoKYNkRJypv2otUqo0lRkGZnRXu0jTwwiBjPjG7HCxl5BqwB74ofBN1AFrdSQFspJhOzkEk27Ugch0d/4JUBzLBjxHq/0KTvaLyjhQxOMiIfeZkLtlo1oyzBOSW/Mr8uDgsnxqrgzjvvMuy4047DGT8/ozgzpxQ5+fyw57X2rAshJ3//+8NJX/9aLcMoRZ82qE//um9BGxP0d/rLcxy2tJ8uID+MW+3R1xwqssrAJ6eCOgRx9AQaIk+tjMkjjkzjFyPdgorVTzRIlxbHzk4Yo5rskTfOH0eCPOoD9yYQCtSYWipZU5dxrq+1D63arU3aitecDCv42mL3zpjlHBj3HB6GK71qDHI0tFX//tM//VPFx3l98YtfXJ1i44tMMYJcjTl882xx4F73ulet284ix49Dw6kwsXBSxKOZLIrDa3jtIHK4fHRDmnrwklODTn2sDzcHkBMyBzhLHE5AJuMYMx4BujnxQJvwwiIJ2p0aIDP6JAak+xj7nuX3TNbUif90mXTjyA6+/qSjLbqQf3XT58YY/PAo5yqgE6DTPfxkQ1/HcdYuTiH9wADQLxYmyMehhx5a8UcWlCdjAeM0/BFvIYVcoJFseg/ZOOFU6kcOzZo1a+qCAJzmHicotMczeYITb1y1XTznmXNv7jGuPBtnvndgscmYVR+5YSO4l5fx5li1hQr8iUFvccVYVo+2Cpxkjjwa9IV5Rnu1z7N+wTv0iI9+SZAn99ExriB81ydbEuCbj+856UA/coaNdfOTNlvkshiLD2SYvJIjfMcvcuk+IA6fgPzS8ZEsSMM//A2Iky7kXnn1qB9uck9WzI1A/4lPP6efvM61utwDu7rrLih9rE7yXdLPO+/8+hOP6j/1lJPrLyHsWuSQnBgzx73trZVmdgp5R3PoR5M6BG1Qb2QGmIvRG7qVjZwpvxSgbgF/XMm5usg5xx2tbCvzBV3uVJTxY86zmGoeNq5spqAXHnxFs3ajX4BzqdrQYTwgj+RPn5NH/ePZuDVn6XNzTU4smcOSd0sBMk9WXY1heomOME+Y88wF48LUP4LF2GDgItZEZfI2uDwbqBcH0NYod6CjCCXBFRiljDCGAgOckmIQOGrGCBF0qo+AmJSUZagwjO3mMFDE27XiEHuOEuRguJrkHL308R+TGwPtgANuVXfgtir9sU0ZINtuW5TfeiVvldTg2mqrGQWITkL2zmJ4n1+Eb49r7lGPvlGgmSDSnyYTE2wMR4YNwwU+fKCMKVrtk5fDy2CmrBmgBqt86ADqJvCCtq8UQK9JKZM2IPuUEr5pFzBGKC2GnWNJDFLHORiLFBun0VFDH97Bw0xWGUPBDcQxAuwAX1B4KB9e47ljiLctBuxOu+wynFf61/O/FSfqzD+eOey7377DLW55y+pEvfOEd9UrOhiteJ4JUd9kgky94j1HyaLBs3Lab8J1xNsxfbqAXHB+HZvEB6cTxDM+yGNwwYtH8KVedXomHwmcL4aMtAc96EEb6HRluBtb6s9XEY0Jjp/3Ijl65A+PHNMn43SUlfOWr9MEzqTJyjuf+rLlG5o5Bt4Nle+JT3xi/SaA8WGnnuxYSLS4RV4siJnsGDHaxYjVZxxndTzsYQ8bHvrQh1ZjBy85zcYYB4oeoFukoYPzweDkmOOLyYXTgS92Czg/ypJNzqCde7t18KKT7tGf+tm9EwzoErcpAR+BenOvfWQRcIbRZWyh3cIeHYkneE4H4wNZtGhCNsgC/Q2PPgpe99IiK2Q+usvYE0/+4SeHFg70Af1NxsIbeAQy7kom4EqcZ3k9u9pZpS/1PX7D+7jHPW64//3vX/Uy/BkDZIahHhAH0IhWz+rCF1dj5h3veEel3ViNc2mM+X168xT8oU89aBwFaeGLcUeG8dBYt3BiQc94tRCFVxYb6AXyTTeoWzw9yDknf+SZY0xn6idjl55CM9kMPWgD6ncvuEfnaAidZCH0uiZ/244tAfQBe8Cxd2P8aU97Wh3feEy+zUV0jQVYfcDApAOMGVdzCUdLGhkSL86cry+lwSsd3+gK40pQN9tGfvImjW2QMShNPHllrzDoLaiRAQsj6tNP+pPtQF+fddafhp12tOA0s+ipq/TZn8+eOWm1fcFlcd8vWjgq+elP/3vB9dfDla585eGSJe1G+9y4ylBsDzS6AtfIgbESWWU/JS7j3H3KRv6WAsKDyKv6LZDSKwJHXvvtBKLFuDFeLZgZM/qHvehjq8YRWZDfYhx8bQDqiZ7osPlAPxhrrpEvc5gxYBGaTjWnmxvYUvQs2TCvmcO2FND+nNDQTraKOS+nkSaBqe8AG0QGJKOMgjURGkzSKJCLA0SZUI46jzBGkAmwo0cmHJM+JYw3JhqGJieXEcYoNSFR+vBQwPiYwYCvVvWs/nOK8ZuBxahgyJlMOAGMIZMdI2LHSxRHrJQ1OegLNK7783nVOUr/OB4E1PPD4jSsfcfaen/FK+1ejVwTZsqOArrQiLY4N/KZbExyDFIfG0KPyc0kJy4OorztgE/cSgG0ZpLET5ORZ/1nAFsYyMTC0WBocHKNFwYtw1b7KbgsbuAPhw/gi7KZmNRB4a1bd/7w53POHX5dJusY2Ol/H77YofQF2uy+fOLjn6jv/O691971C9G7FsfpGntcoxqrnAC7VQwTeNI/6km97rWHwaMtrnDrL7LNqcr76fKSYzuOJlttI68cKXg53WhUF7mCSx7jBb70vXarS5q68Y1xzgh27FM9wFUeu2ScQ+NInCNgyjzykY+s/LD7ZZJQJ77bZbOIpM6lAHU4TpodfWMDPfrVuOYwcWQZkA9/+MPreCAvdhIpfTLC+bVwZhdOeXygL/KuKccIHh/XchwKT+Wzq+yZrmF46mO7bfByhk2g+Qgfg0kePHzEIx5RjSZjGf0MKbuA5BbfvMtMvzNg8dpCTgzWGJObCshJZIWMoi8yKaBJvDbjK/nGY85Y3s/mrNLF+JuywWMMR/4D4j3rh6ST0+xw5lQLGafb83M+eCMfWW9l3DX3QB/IB7erMaE/tUE/MQL0m6t4ddEF8rZ0joI61Asv4JBYHLI4SecYm/QPB0VgTNMNoKVvNkh6aPCMP2TEjrtxR07whCzTb+Ysco8moAwe6R88NDYF9+SLzFog5HyRT+MnfawueiJtcw+ftNEAQmMgedu4LQXoGnqRHqYH2QzGL0NSn+sDYK62uOVjfZwsZTjOxg3+6xt9R19xnO0yZrGTvUI+6Spl9DP5sjDnSkeRMycLlKFrjBWn1dgKFmj1rau+RDPdRVfScxZplP1+KXtesVss4Juj6NQvfvFL1a764pe+OPyg6LTzS/lLlnHx4yLDPv55latepZ5y4wCeXZ4BudLf5i067F//9V+rfqMfjGNp9CI9gH700LnmE/ShW5qxbPwtFaAjssohxzfjyU+RoduCpjS63uKVRSULosYGZxevPRtr8vsIH72PfniNl4wZdc3YFBe9UtVh6YCubPVNq39cc6+fyJ8x5YQW59czG8crTeSUzWXMsq2yuEE+4cx84kpfuo9cJR1EDpYToNH8p72Zu7SNzmj1/TgwdQcYMQYW50yntJPScmTuUkEEmRJx9SxEAeEJg8iuFKfQKg6jnAEmLu/6EUxCrOMppazswBUhBgSeAQeHiQo+Bow4TgIFeO65xYEo4Y/FcSiFi2DN9AeH2PEhx4jce6fUsSKG0duOf1sZicOwW+lLhnhWQltAh/YwWtCJbpOLCS9XE5UjGhwgPCEX8uMNfNpB0KOQ4ZG2kiD0mlDxAx8Yat69ZAQwsrUbLygy/ckp0l75OJ9WzeFhnDAoGKPi9S+eCO3EpB6/6XzqKacO3yyydcViMCj/y1/8cvjVb35d+8xvP/u6NznizMDLEN2jGEH68ypFZsgLY1o96uRgMn7QTo5M8srrs/RP+orCZZg6Tut4pme7OnZv6AD58EJ5sgJH2kPGrGZavSSjdMfomGHg4AvaxTPSTOAUvl1HMm+cyItORha6LLR4Zpypxxdk7WapFy0CY40iZQQulRHDmGKccUKtzHPc1ak+vLEwgmbtNv7RJc7qPoNSX+kHO+ePecxjap/LS6bIBicFT8iX42/ap912XZwu0R/yMNwYQ5xkdcApWKTg5DBy8YrDZucPHoD3DEN6iVwwqhiC+jqLNo6i0/nak3GwXKClJ/ORBTljTBqekB0LCXnlRNtjLMzVHmXgkieyiu/GAvmGn4OtLn1ID+pzY8DYD39HQX34mDzugXL6jQOsT9AqjiyQ9xit8/EfjUA5+fCDQY3mRz/60fXUBJkhr/BZ6NAW96FjIYA7cqAceWKwmQvMAWTdgopFWQu+GXfaICjnqi3wmPPwEB3mNsDxsjjjpEzmRLwn6+EfOkZD+gmkrgTx6JVvsW1dCaAtdCgHki5iMGs7p44ujkxJs1jBeSWvFm0sMtDNZET/mb/p4Re+8IW1DH1Nn3GGjX/PdKrXMcxp+Krv8o2FF7zgBTXeHKT/nGzBczs56kEjQ5d+ZMyTDw432ugneignV+i865cxdnrRe6973bHDh//tw1WOOcs//clPiyP7g/pxuO+UvH4VgWOtvpe+7GV1bMdhJ5/PfvazBz8jRJ/SB5wM8yB9rT3/7//9v7ppke8fqN9cYs7E36WSl8gmmcQfrz5YsKNX9IU5De/wUp96lceYwGs8FMfesDHiRCa9gUfGn/EkoJ2ekRdkrBh/SwH6W5uA8ar+tBG4Jt29dGMzcZMAPNERgnvtVA9dmDrImoWX6Iil6N/QEp3tOXNO2otX4owBOs+rUOSYveakFxvHvGXc6UtjUf+a1y3kwMPGC37tEbKgAz/9mXTzWeRgOQHa0Bm+aCedhl5jeFyY+hFoncUQozww0sBEsLAcGbtU0LZXJwmMWsJrcHFKTeaUOIGnSAmyScRgjOFjcjJADBQDNMIqTwQaRImJg9NKJ0Xp2a6XXYL6EYjize6w/Q71S8/lcTjvfIO+ODJbr64fl3CtDnAZGAbQW9/21vrOzS6XvlRdabRSHMUId2hAJ/oyoN0DbTV5+YoowxltnPI4UmmH+kCUYXC7X0mgHRxg7dcHHF2TlvGg7zhrJiYGA6XmK912N/CEAiMf8nJITGTuKT5ljCXKDM/SB+pgnOSY6u5FMe68y87V6Lj8FS5fHWJf+Bb8tNU199xzuHlxTq9z3esO22x70e6Y/uOskkOOKGNHfQwiq/2cTTQ5aaCNgr7mZGUXEI2HHXZYNZxGj1KDjAn0A7sQ2uiZQ2vCwQP5tE+8OG3DF3nQZVdAu9UJxKEFf03sjKScoKAoGUT46H1oE4U201PGY/0gWGk3hz10ThvUhXYGOqMlO7gUuHai2Q6xPkB32s1RMF7svFqE4PAyZNCpLEMwOwDwuM+CCv4Yb3YF7LRxxjjA6ODcMpDwVBn9hYd4tXbt2no95JBDah/rC3gsUthBIIs5iitwkBhhcSbRsdzGLH7iN76REzwl23jonkxYALFIwLDQX9rhSobna08r3+SKDKrPWMAvBjydTtYZovLSD2RgLrzKG8v6UP1ogVt/uDKE7QRxVj3rS7iUg38uvOIF7UoZ+tnJAYsrDGT9yOnRDjSYO/DK/IWOxUBLB5rRyqHQbnXTffQ/B54+DL14mfuMDzRoo7qlm3+MDTJJV9nBZAApF/rca5/8cwV5tCn1uQpo35i2rgTAP3Mw4xlP6Wh81AfaSs6in8wlxsiTnvSkDYa1vAxqu4sW8ciM3UfH7x2nJi+MbouMxhHecWTZN/qY/jIOyBhdbGHUvEf302sWWvWjscf55Cyzj8ij+c6uMB3N2PfOH8fzxI9+rI6nPQpN9CBHd/8y3o486qiC++7D7e94h+GKRT7oVnPiwx/28OGOd7pjXTD9+je/seEkEjkhj8pbAFqzZk09WcEpJsN0m7Zx+M0h6hTUSWfaqCB/ZGoS0Ef6InjcGztowG+8e93rXlfp1CZ8sJBpEcn4NN9z1tkRdBo8xjCeWnTCU/Ltmf42rszrFjHxQDvoGvKh3owpAW0gY9oYcR0H4CJfwcF+4IhpE73GsWdPGOMgehJdGbfjQOrVRu0LPjIfB0qces3DeEIHSSPP49Y7H8AJd/QlusIXtKCZjWhRxqIUHWrRyXxOVo0Z/CErdSOjzDN0IvrJpxNkrvSvOPM1/JnfWh2NL54z5y0nSN+RZ6CP2G1khu2c0yvjwFQdYMzUQZSj9xEMTEougitcnEDHRbgNJoa5we0IYo4dEV7p8kYI8Us8wDNpEVQKg/DKK959lKVBC5Qn9PrBvYlqpp7Vw7bbbzdsvZrwlz5ZVRySgkeeQuiw7kIOcJn41+8An1YUvpX7+rGs0pfZDVCnugNog59SNRC1lXOhfXBbLWXgc2Qoc44JPMoYcPJEPuBNAPixFKBfKD9XQX3ocM9QCy83FvSDPrYzZkeUUtcGEz5jgBGhzXihHk6ZvlQ3njDsKC31M6Lxy+CHlxID+lYZRgsHRuDoXr3gvvSuM46yj35QePqx9mnhrZ+5ulyZtOHdepuieNfzODKKBn1LqcJBuVhRNnmq3+SrTWSQQcUhY9Aox1jSrwwVOIS5QF0CIwNeE7JJm6HBAKPYTDz6hxLnfFPs6DBRU4SMEIrQYpsdBTTZmWAokCs7kgw8zpw+0EY7mNqEd2QNbxlt+gT9SyVrZMtuhkUg9ek/bbKboH3oQjsHVVvkpSu0yW6NxQS0iiM7DDHyg//ax8AUz1AEJk+GJYOXjDHo9Lk6Tah2ifWZZ3jsOoefdAY5E2cc46V65HVShdGUOhgr5JUckjXGl/hMVMsF8F87yKQ+Jlt0VU4rMHLx2MIKICvGn3IL6YHoMG2GGz68VxfHgHOhb+HWB4HF8Ci0BowHdHNG9DvnVD/KR55d0ex+LtA2/WxsyAs4ocafRSCGNFlAuzFnniIHwkK8SN3RJ7nHE/fqsLjGCOe8c7Y9J2/kLW0yTsmia3SKdHQx9tGDTmWlqV9d+KQ8PPLTMa4J6pHH+JKmrLwALnjyvCWANhr3xrC2WzATp2/wV3stdpNVziD9QhcbH+ZuY54OJW+cWnO7b4t41g/61S6pUwOO35rH6CILQI997GPrwiknx84pvnPcyAAZjCPGQTYP0OfosihHL+sHXwRHpzGkz35Xwn/+x39WnX1g0Z2f/tSnhm+VeeP//t//O+xX5qsrXOHy1Q6hi75QdCr6nvCkJw6XLvbI98r88K53n1BxcbLRwwG3UP2sZz2rzn3GgHrpawuSxiAn5AlPeMLw8pe/vLYHnzjiFhwzn0wC+kPfwOVKp5gH0YWveMTo58B7pYgtxrZGm3FA3vEzNgJ6BPj0r51vx9rRTU9bkDMW2BrmYfOL8voOaD+cgeCDK8/jgHJw63e0o4GN6RsY5n4LttqNTmnaiDfJ39K0MRDdgFfw5upEk4Vm8kqmLQCzbSz86Ge6Ydy2LgRo0tfmaPNB6jJW+FHsAV/ndzLBmDQ+LF479my+kld54wUon80U49SzcW3+NgdlcYRMkC/lPQO8wWf8VW45QWQGbeimm7ymQZ/Q/+aRcWHqO8AUFIXlGJUjvjqNoGH6lgxRDIRIhwniCKcrw5ZCJeyUKoHXqfKnc1MuZdtnQilk0nLfprcKSx6DiIHNaaCk1cfhrXnKtb4Q04Yq+Kv5vsPZ55w9nFYmvFOKYfsxk9a559SJwbEoE57+TLvg0wb0UFChxQQEPMtDLihYxrqVKzgIM7zyh/7RsBSAboojA76tW5owjhKAj/NCaTGCGZYWHzi+WQgyDrSdE4Rf+kd/4ifDIs6a1W/9ZhGBzOAjA6V1OuJcU9YcVU6I/DGuw3vXFrQPJN6z++RPX2ZCZaRSqAwa/WWV3vjmzFFAHAg0ALRHPrR3NlCfdPjVZzIiV9rMMKHgTPqUPprg5/gyzMkV/OhjCJukGCxAn4qzk4ceuNFvUkenPlAnnNqoXuUZX9q1VDpKPXYcLBCQD5O7iUl9aOMAMxyBiQp/0c3gwnc0ajeZYZAyFIxvkx3lr+8Ze3DalbAgYnLwzMgTtA/PGRL4iTccIQagMZmFK2X0AeNWHnFoVs6ug0mZU65ek7C+1F+cO+MajDN2lhLQGD2LBwKHwLFGesk4IxPa6opXZEyZ6LbZAF58l45XeKTvnPggn2SW8cH41P+MfjQIdN9ceCOfGcdoUJdAF5AfRxktSCQPetNfc407oO2MHXnVof8t2FmgJGsWsNSDLxZHOBnqN24WA2hXB/xC+E1e4LdLwXGwi0FWQz+aU0ZIfxgjnsNrz2SNbrVIh7/ZNbKTzXg2RjwbIxbE6JEEepM8K6MO9Qvt2BcvbElg7tDHrnZg6VJt1jfklrNr/mCncIq0nwzT/eSA/qQT6Bxl7EbRG/S2vqNzLOZZ2PDs9Y184Mwz+aQ7OFr6nuGtPy3k5FQJ3a2cPrWAaRxyRo499tgqA5xBi3pfKg7rH0rf7n+T/csYuEWl3WK9hT669pJFl5FtP4v0gfd/oMoFp3GHUqcvQh9fHC5zhHFvHGqfuZdjTqa0zzh74xvfWGWWfHBAtZccGw9sObqbM6LO+cbzQkC28Ud5uDk/+uENb3hDXZDEV2n45sN3eGzs4Gsrt6MQORa0SzuMD/qIDsAvczoc+pw9gRaA93gOMh6TlvhxAI7oKDj1qWPxZMHrWugkc3Ha7F5nboqzNi6kzjjC5i1zAPkBdALe0OHkNCfiFtKp4wJa4E2/4w2d5bSV9h999NFVdtknTj/4ZgUZzCIFuvSFvsoznHQ1ui0g0bVZ5KHTjWOyQ17xQFAODXDRBcG3XCAyk/Glb5ww0Qbj2tw6Lkz9HWCDl0IzmEzQVpAN7vkG6iRAWelgoAMzWAVAsCJcaDPQKALMm4Qm+NQdZeBZgJdQp07PBhzBNtgpL8pe3RkAwH1Lu/jRtnhmGLdlgPjQIQ5d6rMLTzgoEW1O+lyAXvwxgEx+DAkrcgYgh4LhzBjXn/DIH6GcC688lDmjkMNkwszXYqUZgJsa1Kt/8BL9ngXtEo+m+fg0F+C5FUTGF4XFAKaAouTIgXr0BeeBQ0S56y+BYYc3ZMTknF0pioxCMynLQylaDTYZ20FWj8mhlQ31gMhQC57bEFkLuA/N0skCJ1PfCwxIXyi3ckyhWk2WX7vwjmxHLmaD1Gvc4jnaPeMB4JiZiBgf6jXx4xO6MmZdOfv4w7GlZ8gpWkwQ6BHgZOxZ/Yxij7EBh7TsQrU8mCboC+0zhjiRhx56aF3JtTCiD036aEGj0yF2P3LaQhvRinYOJtmQJo/xaJGRU0Em1OEdYWXIAhmyaKXPAOPVpE4m8UW/4p161YFfcHF64ECTgD7OG/x2/P2kDZnkeNMv5MAERc/AKd9yAvREz2intttp8hNSJlMLL/pGnsg9PSAfPYWXs4F+NabJr3u605UzYK7RZ4xXJyfoPX0FP3rgV89cII8QvBlb4iyAcRwsnOA3INPk15hKW0cBLm2CS/2u4ugSX8vV9+SBEcRZcYolH9gRFoLkcc1Ycp9xBiyOczYYu+hEd3iSEMi9PJlHQ7/nNWvW1J/2UZ6+QDNDz44O45lcWoi0s2PRSGCbqJ8Og5fe0E/wAnzBk6XSBZsDtEebHaG1cGJuMqbxlxx5FcLX3Y1nvOIk/+M//mM9Bs3BM8fQI3QX/nAQfMeE/qFzzUscV4sLFu3ItdevyDudpX/0HUeTEW5RGE1kVT9ZrMvRZgur8uTUikULxq5FN8ev5aMDD7zVreq8cOmiI9/7Hj/b9qvhIQ996HCZot/8RBLJ+UMZ25x+u9MH3urAqufx4e1r31Hlmp5DO5kwppzSIlfGs3baFaRDAacEL/DIPP+a17ymzjXaIq/2kctxgfzhk/rJJXo44OY9Rr4TOa39lbrQP1e9eCwdTrrfopF6OH75dkO+xE7HWSzSb8YQ/Z9FZHSBjJF2jG4soInOxWP1W0ixUeN9VrJjYYIOQjc62EDsgOircQHNaQcazJcWVvQ9G+bpT396lXMyQG45w/jMHlN3yi4VWHjWL+Tf+/PGpDmWnOINW8EClXagR1/oG1ftQR896xlfAR4bU+Z3vDPnscGVM+6lK2PuNo+IJ8eZU5YLaHOCudAYtkFCT9Ev+mtcmKqW1xHpGJ2EsemcpQJM0bmUrnoDoQXEkDOo09HzGR+LAbgNZO3Ms3v12F0gyPlgAwdQOmU6SWdtDBi8hBmEL3i1ELQ8RLPBZNLk1Bk0QDsFPMRnYS6AjyHP0DfhmNTE4dOkfTAuqJ/MkEu04wtaGGQxMscFPDdITeqvetWr6q5ddk9G61WnQewaGWWYcOpilKHH5EVJm/hNVlbw9C+jWr52fKkjAcDRgrYJbT4h8UAZ9KWfyYB2qQf9jEcTM7lmNHNS5UETcM+JnQvgZ2QrxzBWr7LoMBFrs3HKuKJDQlf0CcBjIWnpx9AMF5xoQTN8eC2fOFfpKYP3SwVoyaTimnGjPdrvHm+NjTgFAL3owy8GgQmLEUce9Ls+kVfQFwx+8mPX5SlPeUrd0SAjaasyDH6Gp/aSMycQQpN66CdjNXxBIxycW4YfOhhncOgreLRPPrS7X26g/XiFRoAXnvGMrmYEoTtjE0QPzCcX0vEO39zjBx4LHAI7G4w4OkDfgeSFfyFANxmHV5nIQWRFXwciU/PxP+3RTjoJP+RHmzh8QLeFU06kPlYnvMJioaXBvbYa7+4tDuQIt34gY+iaDeSXpm1w0DnoFke/cHjJr8WkI444ojrxjlNapOHQHXXUUcNzn/vc+v4cR5nzzXBiYJJneThI+gc+9MBt3G1JoE10LfuH7sBXsm+TwsK03wa2YGMh1WIQx06/gPSBQBbxSF+QF0a7HVr96YiwxTXlyA1dYRyQH0DuLOJyaNVL9vDdooQyWZxjK6CVnKtP/eqig5xk4Qjf8ha3HO598L2r/vLxzt0uu1uVJ/qP83teGduez/rTWVVedr30rkVvXqZ+DBLN8KJPW8i+OUwd2qV+8wP7TZ10qXHGGaR7MxbgJZfyagvZHBfwttU76ssJBs7vP/zDP1Q5N+/jh3qjlxbST9HRZFpfcKQsYFoo5Qx5h9uJNfiNITaqthsv6e9AdMEkgH5zXnBlodBCKh2hbXjp3Wbt5wjKK35SiK6BixPl+LN+9z4tuccD9VoU4CDb9ec0zsfjSUD7ybkx9KY3vanu8FposTGiL+gpi+UWAMhFeI+H4Qm5iQyKly/y5FlgR/l1Ca8+yad/X/SiF9Vg/MELB5hEjpcStIMsarc2CmilMyaBJbFWrFJRplmtApMOnLmg7exA6pImtMqc0EifdEDBRXnCT6gYVOqJMDuqYzXNBOuYBYXs+IJVuKXiBUib0RMDerFt1SYKASgXZczRJ3iUgTbK46rdBo68c4G2Ku/9I8rMpEcm0Ba8mwPQYCU7xnz41srRxoKyJkYTpckYbgYyHgR/FI18MZbxIDIkb/ohkyJQNhMZWTI56JsodXlbpZcgbT6QPps8ihPUiRYBfXHEyAYjipEAh8kyskDepM8F6GLkwB+lBrd2mQT1h3j14KN7ebU18pKrPNLUr04TPvzyAnH4gr+5D09cPaN7KeUQffoNXS1f0KRt2ogWsiKPNqCLk2M3BHhGI/4L+kXbGRPwGEsxPKXDAx9wn0lc/erUR0lHH5AHHSnrHl/hRZM+Mn7tnD7+8Y+vP6dy5JFHVocjenU5Qviv7e34i1yLC3+0GX+ActLnA/n1iysepP+cfmJsMqqM8RjM8sGbOjYW4IfDWIFH/wjkXVorX6Mgvz7M2PAMlzGMP/Qzp52jaOdaHdLhFSYBPCLDOaGhbs/CYkAfoQEeMrhmzZq6eJGTMpwDPNaPkUVOrSCesSRN30gX7I7k5ETS3QtbEmiP8Uyf2IW1A2yhyw7q4YcfXhfq5cFbxrfxbkfsGc94Rl0wIBP1mPFpMz+xQn7wlyPr3U0LCRy27Nqal+gmMp68wM6ee4a9xYqXvvSl1T7i/DgVR49xiOy+Of7LfrLrhSa7seTS+5DPfd5zq+6x2LHN6q2Hm+5/00Lz2cNLXvyS4VnPPHx4ScHrtB3d6EOQv/nNr8tc//366xf6HU30qnHpmXNLluw0a5966Dc4Mu/ZqTbfRR+ilZ7NQi/ejQt4glfGAnqA8UhW7UCK47TYiMBX8iy/PNHh84Fxox3mXLaJxXTOkMUh9ihH71//9V/ruNRuacpoa6un0o+TAv6TN+2NXBqLaRegJ9RnrON19PO4AJd+hF/byCidgidOFgB9qc34IJBpNm/Lg2kCmsiVUxcWovDEEXdHny182AHm4NHp5Ct6G/1kAl2Ce2WlC9Fx0jzLb/HLcfeHPOQh1cEn+zbnLHY6DRA9uFxBO4w3vLBY5iSGDSHjYxKYqgOsQwkxReglZausGdQxPJYCCEcCGnSkoOMT1C89kxyQd1yAI4MyRjslwwB1lMFRHQaQiYYz7F0OggkmqXexQPjRBLR/MYAuSkI5AmdQmCjcc+xNSHY2tVFb9a22S58L4JSP82/gUXhR3AblpuDFKJADis0RI5OdCVebtYsjgQfjAjlzXDTHcbXRwCUvxkFkIDKIN3hgYFP0eNnKFlqBOH0qP6XoXpr6Uk6cZ8E90Pfz8ViativjXj3K5Kq+POtrCxlkwkTBuGdkKCtPVg/hoQfmAuloBvCjFV8smAnS0MSoZRCZBOGPYscbhgAlrt3yB19AHfKF34DMaUechOCaz2nYGIB7roD+0KPNAD14pz/Df7yQT9/Kx2BRHj9d8dik7V5+ACcDwukAaVlhB3ABuATPWTQA2i4ePvwE7gH+yOsqv8nG11DVQ7YtctLxjkc6igR38C4nwHtGFtqMReDZ2ARoN+b1gbbLQ570z0IgH/6l3epiODFe7FbZXSLLZNiYgV/A0/kg+JI/98rRvRnf6sf3jP3091xALuSFX99rtzh6D83evWR80ddkKTpmEsAT8otWjg5551yH5sWAstqvbzhiHALGnO9p4D86tUceOkGddAl+hUfy0PHyOz7ORqHL4KLb0KOvFuqblQjGto9EMXgdyXdk3L2jzBxgu2HGt1db7Jy7xxcfTmIg08PGi3GDZxbt9IXdX+CILrvPLq98dtLwHV8BeSNfjFa7wF6t4nDYxfU6R4532u2Cg63hFIIxKN1itbnanM2e+upXv1JlZ/XqVVUHHVxk9jf//ZvhDW98w/CO4hh7fWunXXauC1HqPvbY1w5riw3mt4HJHx0J9Dcdq+8dibXbalGADHGM6D8hMkU2tMm9eZ6jhMY4wuMCOrQfXlfjhfxy1PBZf9Ehxiv7SdvlXQjkQR+Zp39izxkPdNOTn/zkuiBhpxuf1KsO9alD3oDxE700LijfjjFjlm2pbeLULdAP2k0HaQN6xU8C6oZLO1zxA87oDW3HJ/xVtz5dSn2ADk6ohUdzODrIJXk0dtK/6CafQp7RK0/kQFnxQgtoD/3mDacwOcKOm/sWgMVDbQ4u98sR0JX5mH5xws0rGng1CUz9K9AElcIgTJQa0AE6bykESYfrOEAQIjTA4CVkwMTnmaChU7zrJKB8cKhX+wxkR8m8p8f51UHesdJ+73DIkwl5KSBt47yuXbu2GhxWyTNoFgI8ykCzKso5RKt2mBDt9jg2wRC3c0AolZmrb6V5t8SKrlVkE7H3PMgHaHm4qQAvrOZagdZfDHirSoCS0N5xaCKH+Xqv1VpK1Dud+Aln+kA8hQXEUcTkMjIRGXY18JWRTzrZYXSY4B2ZMUGA5Al4bsfCQpB6ArnXf/B4NhkwEvKxKs8MFn1vzLd0t7SMAlwCfmmTulMGTseAjBkGlQmKvJBpoVXQygh4iX+B4GuhLZf7tNFz7seF+cpLw6NR2sVF1jyHbs+LoUceZfDM+MwxPfIUZ3ZcILN4n/4HjF+7MXZsTKQcR4sgFnu8Z6QPyH7G9nKCyCOeC8Z5jifb9Qi/MsbwVSCj8s8F0slfyqjHzhF8+OOoncU29zn9E1pGZbQFefRvZD551cMBZDQy/LUj9euvdhyMAnzRO2RGWzm+jkI6+mw33zuN5gz9T8/bJZRvPh4sBsgRWi1qaRvDi5yIh38+QHfGiXnNB4g4UXZL4shoR8YT2gW80w8MWnV7Zlibs+hNzoVdRLoGLeSY/CqzEE0rDfCGPZZFWXzjYGm3uY+xr83kw1j2PqQvOHMIyQPHVXn8swjq+DkD9KlPfWp1UM2heKoe/DVH0BPuBf2h3zmNnGuOqTwWIjiabd3mFHVZMNcn9JoreedEc5Af/tCHDbe57W2rQ6u/8oqVX7hAC9uLrF25OHnidtppx6Fo1drnV77qVeoGBVzGFp2JJxYRjVVzm8UC717iDV7hk4+A0YHGDidYu5XRLnID9zhAruHAu4x5NpPg2LfnNWvWVD6hDUTW59MhAN+NMXgzRvAr5bSbE4927dQOu5F0GAdJu+UHcCm3UJ3zATrgwXdXNLGZANo8G9vsTHrJgowda3Wa16K/NhbUC4c6wxOLKuwovFcvXa1OJ/csslhcsxCIR5O0eS5Ag9fk2OnqJo/ay5ZCL34E3LfP0vGCvsdLkL6RBlr5SPtdBXJNdtnwxhe5hm8p2jkN0Efao610ENvd4kHmwHFh6g4w5WBl0U6hwWpwtR20FJABlXowCx0YJZgADWhOsNU/dMqT/JNAJnDCQ1GZSEyq3rWjPAwox46izOVjrMxnqEwC2oYOhoIjPQxWq7HaK20ukB4DKsJmgjRQOGyMBHjhYBg5/kQxUI4mPrxMHaNXeDltJkITHqMK38SrZz66JgH0kg2QviYX2uNqJdw9o087GJUGE5rGAf3KMDCRUGjqZ0gAyis0qEObE6LU8zwbwBX+mxy8y5Sf+tFnxpagDmFjxpq8s9UrTpp6GQba5H0hxgvjwvEdRkfqnIv2UdD3FgjwBK/1hTj8M1bxEG71+IgNJZeJK7xabrBQ2zMWcp/2pk3pg4TFgr7hhNGzmajxE86NwTMKaAzNkd3In3FsASy7I4wncihNnqXSbeOCduA1QGMWnMThl51a418bkxb+KSt+LtBe6XgOlGVQM9KNEbxxZfTro/BV3fPpmeCVF42u6CE3FiYZqk4YiRPIkXwLjY/wAcCvrI8X0Sk+uMIxhcf4ZGDEAEw944L20FkWh83FjFwLqpyknByZC8IDfcNgdUTQR7ToBfMT+SSTdLl63OOTxQ20a2fGmbrkN2bE0zPogNuitTbGAN2SAD+0GR8t/uKBgLf44B6Pwis8kF9gt5jj5SXn5MUOLkfTKRAyL590Mu0+zjBc5rssQDC0ObkcXH1jF9LYI8/qNEakwSvoSzSbZxjrnGPO7g322nu43OX/qvaTenbYfofh6sWgN872KcFvAO9QdJJ6d9v1MsPtC637FXm5znWuPdz0ZjerY9RcQ29pM9zmGzLAXnLE0tjFK3nIGnrZk+xax7k52fih3Rkj4wIaAH7BxzkzXugmcd7J5bRnxw5P8Fnb56tXmrwCXugr94lXl3ERnaf/HMlVtwWAnKLQTnnkV24SyLwHl/6Gj06wsMfOYCuSMfqN/SQdXa6T1I1v6hT0KcePTLKVtZnT6+vLPsrlFM/znve8qp8yFywF6Fe8xhMyblHFWEUrvi8FaL/2qANftU9d4e1StXUSQBu69Reb0A62hTiLFOaAcWGqHikCOYAEyXEVAp2BvVSgs3RiWw86KDe0mOAMLgrbe02EneLAyIUAnlyT3z0Bzb2jQQazDkIDYeJIca68+/uyl72sOsEGGwVC2VOscMAppJ5pQOhTVwxUq5ULCbV0ZXLFU4sFVn79Pp5JgdKAy6SEr16id0RK+/CUEaE9MbJc4ZMfLsaUyRTgl0E3zbaPgrr1SQaPSZbz7miVj3aYfK26OeLl9/0sVJgktGUcUAfDkaNoomSQiUsbJ2mrtqQ82bZiGT5LWwpQn7rwQ1u0zcTAiNT/6sXbja1fnzByXMmThRAyYmzAbazYdTDpRnZjRKFjJUD6XTAm0n+LHfOL5WnGesafcp7ppEnA2NQnMX7gb40Qek4b1C9ekHchZ2ZzAJ5kgjcugXkAn+xC0QvkTL9oa0Cb59MFkUtX/Eg/M9wZqvqDwc9wZXCjQT6hna9mA7gAmkFw43N0FP7rZ22Sj36er9/lN1/RG5EZfYxeOw9oEq8uTgYHJ4Z9y5eNBfU6MmsudBKIkUsP+5IuJ3s+UJauw0s02J1xhM/7qXYw0BZAt/zitIN+B/gOwtPwTbwTOt6J5ZBzOpQLz7ck0LfGqiv5ix6lc/HVlVxkLMsL2Cr0M8AX8iLQ3+RQmmAMBZTHY06wEFx4i+fSgLTwuk0T1zqUaE68MvXk2Y6XGIp2HVZtvXrYSpt22H7Ybvvtht2vfKVhl10vPVxy553qzz4Ke1x7z2HX3S4zXOrSl6rxcbSNzYB2ohtvLF4FjFvtDJ3yAU48uvCtTR8XUj5zOtvVhg05VQf7CX3RA0Lsq/kAXnTKp7x7EBwgeYA8IPWEroXq2Rgge+wKAa8dZ/UOsm9L2PHmeHMM2yOu6o/cTALRwdrn9JIj4L54bsffMX6v96DBK4tsEDZh9Ma0AW8F8kN3W1Qhl8bLpPP3fAB3xpN+F9yLi/wtR0Af2vHKOKQz9OUkMNmonQMIq06lKCO04gxqjkeOiZqANUhaBlhrcBC85HFNHgKSex2WwSu/QWWSN8FyxL3LQNE5eiPeZ9cdxTXhpYwJwCTb1uXKsJBu8s29eAPYPRooJ/ct3ToFfu2VrqMMcBM/XOjHF+Xa6zQgeAx0Qu3a8ms+GM2jPIVoFdCuvo9hOAZkhxOfrdJ5V8eKvNUYvAkf1alv4FCe0WJV1b182izNdakg+FOHq37kxFll9EVSxyC9B+VLoYwrPIg8bSzgNYVuRYriNtGiQQCT9DG6BDjwmGy1MrcUoD7jWOCUGj94qA/txMSJDV1t+8QtBPLgDT4paxxyRPDRGMvxe+0kS+peCQ5weCGg2VUbYiy6zxiYDxbLwxhGxhzwHJkbF/QFnguhOe1Au3u6TACe9Y1yyxHaSV4bOGKOn/kAjGBOsHBJV8cITBvng8hwxoln8guP+Q8uxqvn5BXkmQ/UDeRVLrKiHeoxf1p4FK8e8crMx394LFDQgckrztFsBiCH0Q6I3WB9TtfLL88koC5zhV0W8wCj01donQSyEDEfqJt+cDWv2kG2U0cH4Q2gl/QT41FeQG5LxZVP7vWDNrlHj3nZcxZ5ybS5zO66+y0RwhvGI5sIH8ILgH+eyZLA0PQMcpXX7vuaNWvqwg5c4rLA35YH+kwQHxyA/LdjgGMb0FcJgLyD4KxjaP19hSKeq4sj/BfQyGzwtECeIj/LAdBDf2sjfpFTYxuP8NfYxAe6Sx60yzfJ2FR2tDy8+skYaNMnqWcU2EZsSAFetoxTGBbY7YLaOKPbjGm0yBOaJoXoR3wlF2jAUxs8vpTsNKCNGs4veeaURu6mDdrldJB2sXvoWrRod9VfSwTkSt3hgeA+fb9cgc+BbvzCo7RjEpi6BshkDBDnPoJrgJtgOEt23Xx4gTOSNA2KEWdyykQNhw5yn0mMoDC45HfUiVOgPvGcGju+8Hn/1S4fwbbS5AMfBhrHmMMjP5opYAoFfngJg1VIdRsI6jHRyiOv1Tkgr7ZYPVafvCYOK9R+d89XCx3l+PznP7/BsIBLeyJ0IAN90g4FcMCHT/CnjoVAP2lDaFFOeyle91bKreL7dD7FgHf4rj+t2DEgTYgGMhwBSsd7JT6/r8+VA+qahlKbC/BZXYL2oM1uh/fxvN/ieAvF98pXvnJ429veVo8byTeuk6WsnQ7yxfAiv0A7wWL7YTaAW4DL4Md3vBO3VKAPtSFyYFLKkSUnPMhFxjq6EhYD6DaxG3v4rS5l4dcvxmuOymVM6k8TxkoBbUrAp+gxvNRugb4gn8aq/tTGxfIQmLzkh4d8h4/qmQTQgxa0MpzRKk4bXENj5G8p5XBagDd0t3frOFLapB30NN1Eh2eMGmPkW/vnA+X1n3HiHh+ib5Q1aacvpNOFQsbNQhC+oh2gDz7zj0XJ6ABBfwlAXSkDPAvGEYNTmvaZf+1yWLD1mouPDPmyr/GdEx/agFdwK5fgWf2L0eEWG7Xbb6lynBiYjps6YiqYw53CsUDt9Ro81AfKXHj+uuGP//P74W3HvXX4w+9+P9z1zncZLihxwlCaeMnti2yec259x/Ocs84efn3GL4fVFxa+SStzcU6ZpF/0Fdz6QJz3Yp1mwgdfNF7IKb+4AZkjOwE6mm5ud1A7TA7kEa+NJzaUTRtjHe+lZTy047wd45PAKJ70d/RhIGN/EjDmMh61lW6wKObUpLGZny6L7ZEFmsXqzLkgtGtb+Mp2feYzn1kX9Mm1RTDfQnCKD9Af4fVSgCO8Nk3M4+o3ZxhXSzm20qfR3Ql4MymPlwrYHAH63CJKbMNJ5HF8i3wWQIjJLMzMBGngAoaUd0CtAmuECdf7slZ/NMTkpAPc6yRGXSZ78XAlD5BuEmf4qcuuL0PGyj5F4TgDRw2zGD7KuTcBG3w+wW9n1o60SR4Q+BilwCBhNBBODnFA+xwDZYQYvHFuOYEGE0GOYW9HMO2BA60xWiKMk3RiC/DAi25CA38MsIXqUAZtroKy2iHAZbWMc+J3FznBPpDhGBqDhYPvqDm+K4t/FJd7MqHvrbYTWrgSlnLA4UOMWG13pWzIhA8r6C+ypW8dq8qKJBkYB/CLjGozyBVOMKkihT91tONlqQD+LGY4vWDxAq849xaPjDv1yyeP9i4kYwH5BGXJjKvyjE+vKtALjFK6QVp7JG4lQNonaJc2CvqN3ItPPronxo00cpL0hSB5kz/PZGQSMFYYBxaGvDLAEcJ/40mgU+LAA3UqYyJfroC/5NU7V3YaHMHldNnpZGyR8Swo4B9eatN8YDziC3644oM49YQn6Rsg32J4JI9yKdvisQPqA1AcNt8BMP/4iBWHVR50M+DIVNpBHwvqt5tkoc7YckqK0+l7Efjja7AMb7zQ/5xhc6T38uHBm8hwoL2fDaKzHAs376vXfOldLovKTnpoi77QJ36X03xiXFhcXl148dGPfHR4xTEvH576lKcMV/ExsUJHaexwzp/OGrYp8uj+D8WxP1cfb10ciW3KnFf6Q5/Y4ccLOM31ZBY9dqWjsyyUe7fTyQC74B0ugswxrTxGPjtMD6JLjFNzq5MZ4owDga1CXo1DYxX/PU8T4ERDdFnA87SALhPojbSDHtDG6Ck6ihOozfEftHsSgNfclXs6wMIbfcQ+Da/RxF+QB0xa73zgPXL14gHa1DntPh2F9G36OaHt7+UG5CML1mx172f7Wr3FS7SPC1P9CBYGElgOhCMxHFADGYGUqImTA8oJiXA7isqRZFjLE+PKfRrmSkgE8QaOsoQ0HWflxq6ue1+N9U4T5ywCT7A5pAx6x6fsJLky8HJMCn6GNuXuGW4CyZFTlpGUFWWTtzojNN4bMGjtcFu98vK+3UZghcvRbzuPPkoFrzYGdGraOCmgBy7GEMPFgoPVdnEg17kg6fCE5wI+itN2/LCrrn36jYI65ZRTqqPrWR8TVn1FyfhZKIFRxbjCd3nSl4sxCMeFyJF6yB9e471nR5+1yRE4chqlPC49cHESOdJ4ApcTB+GlZ/SMA8GhLXbTydSjHvWovzgKuBRgbJB5dGsTgxuvvCNjjFnQAOgT0JcwHxhL8ugLsmJ8rV27th5F9RVouCwmMdTJjEAGF8K7uaClC+2B8IXBb6GI3mDw56SACVj7yYZgvOQev+300105UeBKX7rC4bgYPBYOBM/qsMvp2WKc3T3BAiGjHx3Gox1941YZae7pLwtZeM8xshBhQUJdyvldUFcyYQynrXGO9Ody7CN00l3GNmcO/eYnhg+5cmLIvORjN/LQBfSFcvPpA201/uTJOMw4BRnvnpN3MfyZL48086sdVPOOus2j+kVb9IurePOkOulsMkWeOJt2wJXBE7gsAsBlPJNP85R7i8RkSBnzm34mo9qlr8kknObi+YDOILfw0B0+NJNFNIY+HOr1kSPyZ7HUYqsF5pvss+/w/Oc9f/jd7347PP9FL6x98+sybtS/zbaF7wU/KdzBYkzhjTl+q9Lm0wu+Hcu9D/fpa7pFvcpx7vU1/GSbraCctlmw9g70Yvrp4gD4IBjf+t+Y8Eyexp3POvwlhL+ueEwXG7tsRuOCTUk/kUvyzy41byxWn8wF6Ut1GheejZPvfOc79UiwcShdvLpC4yR1kpvoVFfPbBo6h01pzvH9AYuU5jl00WehcRJQ3nzqql7zHdvcZo42WSyzAOYn0sg2vYTPk7R3PqCX3/SmN9X+dMLS5gxeT9rOhUBfRnZmC8sNyAmexB/zLSELlvT1JHbh1L8CzbDwBWQvmDNaESguxoRGiDPxmVClaRThZpwRShMiYAAacBqcZ/kyuetAH9EwYBl9VnEdKbC7p64wC13qVHcES/0meApGOqFneJvQTebokEc96rQqxLmTbhK1ey0Ph8BgVac8lJbVeLRZtTDR+iI2hWZCh9PAys5aQoRxUsAv+Bm/Jn7v61Asi1FcyrXpbX48EPDRCrp4xqN2W9nXPk6ZY4Tak9VLylqbGdl2JSxOyK9s+kS+pQAyh07tQhMeuAJ0odlRLsYfOUQHhZddrXHAcUrAKSELdsvJSeRu3LZGRoQ4wIcddlg1dts+mzbgmfHGITJZWH3jLDEaDznkkA1yHN6GxoVoMjaNF30DGNo+gmGSv9vd7lZXRvWLdLtAFszoE5AyywmMDe3X1670his+eSWDQ8oBMC45KnQdZ4AjKt0qtN0pCygmZA6KdtNtdIgdOo4oHWXXTlnOKCeGDuSkMFrgIxueGQ/i9J2xR94df0WjxSiybuHBOOSIR06VM2bh5SyiF+3KSucg0GUWC5UVgH6PnC83oAv0iWBsWhDAQ/zBY22gKxlg2kDG0pd0xXID9OoP7WEImLPMgeYa/WXeoxuMz8xf2rpmzZrabkadV3MsYjmRpU+1FU5jkQxxCn2VlK52AkAcvO3xPHRkLpgPLNQJxjeHG599EwLPOb1sAfOU+cG7weZmRo459KtlfLz97ceXui85POwhDx3OL/1C3+xkni56ZGv2QOmzVSVsVdT758oY4iBfpdTzhzP/WMeMnyA0fowBJ8DoErTY4dZmH0Mztxt72mOXnTx3mNFtxgO+GBOec0/+OkwO4Sc+kzt63VxhLJgr6XrOkTFiPqa3jWE2sT5Qfhww5pXVp/SecWVRiI7wMSoOMHrE5yr/uPWBFp/2GuN+1obf4JW0Y445pjr6xiTdS+fIO6keVpf2qhsu9xbbnHCiB+k1tpW50ity8svnulRgDo4DbAGSfdWOt6WAufpv0n5dStBXbf/hGz6Zdybpn60Ksou2K6YAJkQCZMLlBFlt4VwgGOE5WoB4wiXdCpc0H8kw8Zl4GWB2aTmdBriG22E06DXaPeHlWBk4yhs0Bou88DN61A3UT1lQHuLco8NuHXDv/SfGZowKK2AZfHAZqCZThoTJnKGOVkKjE0yk6uEEMXjRhtb8/JFJHn9M/iZ+ZSgdIYKH9kmEMIOH8eqnl7zfylHRvrae2aClAR6gTAt2DLRJOpz6g2OkDxlfdsXFO8amvT4oQFnbjcbbI444oh5bQCODA6/hWApAozZpj/pcE7TLDgQDkfHHwGcQoTUyMw484hGPqAYeI5u8MDjJpvpjMIQmIfeu8oHQ2sa5GlPk186vRRgnHowxaWR0XFAX3Bx/eMgwHnDITLycJbTY9Sf3Fn/0t+OKxh6Zxk8y7h4PjV945wI0h246gLPLgDe2OFZ4pa0MVuPabx7/8z//88T9s9Sg/UJkmgx6TlvxEbjmXlqe5Wn7MjJjMQVP5aVn6C3jx1hMWfymp/SlcoyX9A0gj+71cyYQsiYOTlf43HOejFmLeeqyIEGuyQC80oG6oiPRoA79t9xAe7WN3scjX+gXtF97nJJ55CMfWeVZHJ7TY9oU/i0n0K9oDOj7vMdrEVLfcuIYkfJaYLE4ov8YehYwzEOtnAJtP+mkk6qzKL985lpzMYPciSL9awHHOHRkOide5tPjZIrcwU829QGZ0Sfocy9NO9zjPVl31Pszn/q07xxVB/hdJ7yrGolF4usx5wvp+FLujJ+dXukwFz3wQQ8cTvraScP97nu/4cUve2ndzfH9D/jg5QAbO/jgZIb26Hf2h502p3YE9HSY2XjQt8ZC+oVudm111ZYKZFLbA+0zHrhv08eB8JbMGYs2L9hLL37xi+uzj8bZaLGQQ271ScottGA/H23mXun6U7vQYCeS/UL351SE+tBhDqJ35B0X1Bd9DCd/gY1snNqJ9VNWxj07h9yRMfnwZr62LATKoju6kw5yApRNygmmV8wB/AoLYewZ+ZZSxvHBQiQ7h61owUN9+qPDRaDfIgNsT/3F7rBooJ/GhanuAIMIFePcalUmPUaERiA2E4uOjtHFCaFMOJ6cTINfPgY3YeB4wQUHYTHRm6RNwOqJcBNYOOUnXAYwUC+GhR7PBpc8npXjTFiBQoMjcQwBeBjd6sJ09/I44sxhAurTbrgZBSZTgsz4cEzNSprfWOT4cbpM0o53oDd1o1/708njQnAyVnyAy44449WgFz+fAklaaAkuwNDVTn0mUFoxyvGYs2sH3gIHwwmf7Gbhh3Q7TAwNig7f9ak+UNdSKRh42zYlpD70oFccerRVG1NmHGBQUaSMT4YWmdBeE40r4w9+/I0R6B7EuCADArnwrKz+ZHTiud1AtD7wgQ/cMImkn8YBsoEutMADn51Lk7CVaDJsscdpCY6Cdti11H/6HI1weIYj/J2Pj9qO58rasTr22GPrjpDJQLyyaIFLmn7ykbLIzHIDYwVdApo9C9qHt3QP2dKmhPCqfW7bpryyymXSlg6nOEBm5Asu8fLhIZC3pauVczQJ4gSy5Fn/klu8tjvnw0V0ntMeFijJI7zBkz4JbepfboBmtNLndBb5w1MOYXQX2cYD7dC29J/75QYMUrpAm9CrfQxjOkfbLFqZa7z3amGSTt5nn33qiRROLadfv0V2XOl4fWdxw8KudnOmnY6yCGUucXpHveZfczwcZCJyNxfgY2RSPWjGa/HqVpfydA/6ySEd412v3Ypje+cig+aOSxedffXSZ6tXbVV3f70ffFaZa/Bjl9L+XXbZefjVL39Vd4nx5Gen/6wurpFf9Rgv6kWvOp0A4jibr+x84aF2uqKxw4yOacc4wDtyo//E4W3AcxuvT4HxFkiaOPeCfLlv8bkXIitC5it5ATwpn/ikgRafdDJGBoB77VHeVV5tVh5e9+LJU+TTM3rcpx54x4XgUJ/6bWBYDDYfqmvt2rVVV9kFppvlVz9dvRC0fFAmPM/cIc7Y0xb9bNGb7fbYxz622m/4pE5jEi2TgrqNVzjVbYHNR1TZ8exiH+AzXj2jJ3xVrm3LxkLKqjP956QUZ5ctZV5wGoit6iOc2q3uSfp1IcBzrxqx7yw80Mv6dBp83pLAeM8CvrHxnOc8p55EdEKJXI4LU+9Zgm2wcoIJUoDwmQCjqAw4gqWjxXvmMDo6zXlkeCnPobDbJd2qrVWp97znPXVgcizlg4MDzaExkRnY0jOhpn51C+2zQRhF6Gql2woUo8+uE8bbCfa+nF1bq1ImVDSrJ/jRZkAFByfIDixnmJDLh0YCnq+QWmULPXABOOTlmLuqH2gXw4HCoojdp25X5eVRlz6wc64+xkkMm9Qhv3zqhg8vlFV3gjj9E55pr7x47cpIsiOU8miyym9Fxs6KvlSPVa1nP/vZ9dgmBwceAahnKZVLYK46WiVD0YJJ6cF3Rqdjp5R55CQ8dq/eyL2ruvUzfpDH9E0WcbLgY0Jk1EpjtMEpREbGBTKbSRW4Ou7oKKTxxSDMzhjj0Uq0CcKOLVqUT1kgX/s8G8hDPtJOY4GsxjhNf0i3gEJ+yVpkfrkBOtFGftCvL40J/Zexiv65QFob5Ccr+gW4ilePqzRBPfK6BvAWv+SVJ3XrE1d5XRMAfisDyCWaOQfek6TL4EwdcZqVcaVvIoPpt+UGZEj7jU98YWA5cu8IrI+t3e9+99uwCItfQD8u1G+bC4wTcwka8Z7coV3bLM76oJTf0TS2jGPji0Gp7/BCOfJJPrRP+bTTNY6gOdCcLM54pxeUtfBsDnBU0op85HQuiCFNjlzJSfSEIA4t6MBzi312ZNWtf8y7j3vs44oj/+3hzDLX/rm02dFnH8OC6wq77z785LTT6vzzljVvGfYt88+Nyjy+226XrfOwuix0mNsZuuhheNPJ2qYddn7I8qRzwOYCfAs/QV658EoD49FVm7N4nfmI/JhzyAN5kZa8bDD5yI9j8K7i4bVIyi5yTwYEi/vSpYlnE8TOUQcZZSvRL+4jf6EZpA2jQb8kzJaWK3wC/KNXAbS2oThlySDe4AN6yQz9RlbIPhl0XFU78UVe6XDF/psE9AM6yTMa8AhdnvEwpyjU09p0yswFygP49Cv5lj+y0uKDX5voCJs7ZEAZdYDgmhTC79ChXrwmH6mDvHqWLl/6fVKAK3W4Bq+ALvXhNz55Fubj76SgzyNj9HLqWso6VyKQ9SwMkAvjwYknsqOPxoWpH4EmOBwdCsPKikmXUCE8whzBiyAGPGuMAcdw1EgTIVwGponLKhhDxUq0wSvAHVzqCO7UG2iFf2OAYW6C5GAD+BfCRbANJPkoH/fKaYuJ1i4eR/npT396xY9v2qLtaPZMEelg9UYJEQLKirLOAKWs5TPhWa23e0552Um3C8xhl5/guBpwaEdX6lUXmgE6E9LGhQYk3HAxnNSNZleftnechVHm3Q7pWbWMElfPlgJ2XuyMOP5OZhiJvtLqVAEZxhdt1mdkQr+6MhpMoow0fNRP5CTGhl1SOyAWFuBV3q4sxWmsMIjHkW2Qchk76reI4St7fuPZD8SrB93okt/ujN+Fdgxa2yLv+jSyPp/MwGF8w2uMM6g51Y7sk8WML0YXJ8zuM1kO7uUIxiK6jV/XjGXB+ADalJBnRgZI3gTt1N7ZoOUtHO1z7l3RFFzuA/oaiBdCTwC9KRc8IP1Pd7hHH1mUz1Wf0meelxMw7IFxQka1nx5seZN2aK82ap9y5HGUP5sb0IjWGM3GZmjUPm1D+6tf/eqqR5yeMBfrG3mBsulP7SeH5ljgmfz+f/buA8Czqjoc/5mdndmd7ZWOFJEiNuxgRwTsHXtBRaNR0SQm/0SNLUZTMMbYS1SMRsFugg0LFqSjgPTOssBStu/OTv3fz509+JwfC+x3duOw+87s3ffereeec+6559x73/vS1XaD3Ls6FeWDUk6F0Dt2iC0qOJqZ9d4RpJ6Da96D1Dn4YL5Aa3OYFX56zkmaj/7HR6OnpNMVr3jFK+LlL3t5PP7QJ4zxsMxdtd8F35Hy/P73vz/+7cMfrovoL37Ri+IZz3l27SPeakNIfUm3ao9e9u6ffI54M/7NiZON53cFSVd8tUvi1zDwXpx5B50FsqH/TtWgqfQcE/guuM9xjy4APZJXrp7JmIUY+dRFbzi1lwt/bBx8dYKAfJEnDiQ7QD1pf8BJe3DxrA/q1UbilEE++eWFhzh9x2O4KpcLxPI2A9C2cviODnQZPNWhbTiRDXamMmjBvrLwC3dxNkh8/8XCsDqAcaDeTgCu2le3/uCdU4fmQzS2E/z85z+//rxm0tnV4oSr8ncE6NhMS/z0GX/IhTbRTbv6SldYbPcNCrwETTqrU5877avy6oE3IKv0iePH3r01Bp1U8Y0TfIYTyPydQlOWUif4IJ+fPbLrbdx7hY3N4WvwZIKMkrNN0XeiYCHFBhsbz+sX9DMZhN/WavOeCOSdnJI5fqWj8vho99xGEz51AlvcAeaEWXHFWDu1PrABUYjfXSRzskrFw6nIF/IZ3LnzKI96Ox2IdwcMVEf/OKxWo3MwiHe/KYB79td9Mk+c/n3iE5+og8w7s+rhBOR7dSZluy/KUHCesz1OknsrZH7Og5HgGAeFLb8dQkoD3Sk4H/tANxMQo8DASnrhC2VkwKNx7vIlnkIOQnXfGVDS8lCM2tVHuDpWxpmivH1ogMI18TKWTIzy35nhdE8ENMOP448/vo4DH3ah2Ew6JhR8xj9ywSiwy5r8xQcnBBx1YnAyMFNZ24kzUaAZejflj2HRqcKkXJLn6vDMkPSTYo4fO2ZidVI6nuIzIwFPpXuXMCeVpjN+ZzIjndJnNLh6V9yilnHh+KX+6h8Zd6zT8SAONwP9rmTxTwH6YywJxh9apd4DifPm8kg5oVnOPdlxbdY/PjTT3Qvi4eWaacB9pmW5rAO4TxkVZ4wbt/qJV3ivbDpRWW5LQxOnhDuKGw/Sm/mMRffp6MBdyP4Afbo7dU82wBv90h/fo/Aeod1ujqXFuE4NSbrIdzLobzrBOLXYp15Gs7mmKVNNoFOMCzjlGEHbnBvxgw5Tnu6xMy8fx/TRhzwq1pd0X3R+XTFQtW/heAE9WuaQ7illzuoeM4zOP+/8+PZ3vl11yete+7p45KMPqe1rV914qq1c1ND+CSecUBf0HBF3MoB+ht89je90Mhqitf4kz8XpM7kW9DllHT2MY2X113PSqXmV1zVDPqvLeEcvV04l5xMO5ndtW/S3sOsqn7mRrNAV2iWPAtzIrflDeW2kjMC3edV2U/+QefpJvDbFy5v9bV7xXln4kCVzmsVlczW85NNvczAn1LNX2Mx12jHHsaekm9ctLHmFwtyu/U4gZRHO2vC9C6ctLATB753vfGe1q82DHHigD2kfbkpW0Rg99QdoA52URVs8IiMWLtmM+GSxmX3C/tA/+YxFZfFPH8VNBPABTvD2oUWOr8Ut7977VQ5Hko899tgqD2QXJN86HZfKoa+gbf3x1WcOcH5/yLdr0P+4446rDrA8E2nzroAs6TfQJt8GJL9aGAPyRm7Jn6PPNmfIoYWifBW1E9jiDrDjmiYviDqCRYjScctjaJsCwobxqchSCAiJiYkjZ7KiaA1YV4puawqLIz1W33xEwyq3VUF9oOgpok31B8OEHHCCvDmYKF87tN7HskrrqDclrD2TAYXAsUBHu38mDTRxvJbDqn0Km4OgLjQwgH1IwASUP32ETpwlg5qCpqzlVdZEYQKQTtlZbZemHXQVsn93pfAynWLDL06NVUS70SYVx+m8Y23CQwt91C6lpp1tBRx9RlN8I8fkHn/thOOFI4UUvMUhq44WOqzqooNJ308z2WXxYQaLIo4vqsfJBwan97k5jSYktMYfbZGrTsEEgwfqwBs8MvF6F8eEYByn0aw/eU9eGMRkGD7GOTkzaRnLd8ZXeGtHXpOtVVDvG3/gAx+oK+vkSb9Mjlbe3/GOd9QxkY74ZAP9Ic/6DUdjyP2mJtDUD8Kd9Qc98RmdgHqErF9ZPPMMmvfom7pRGffaU04+ZQVxWU6a9nJxpYm3+JSzTbWpvHt5BTzMtsbToAnNduVL2XCvPNrC37O6kqbS0rm6s/q3J0BHtHJlIHAovUtrR8cCMv3RCaiPDgN4YP4zh3lFiV7jFKS8jYeUgZS/lAd1uoqzeMu4ceTZnOZkiQXiHRYtrh+7mjtvXtGNZ8f/FGP10CceGg8qc9zsYtw7Bk1HPqfoDfOOBcejjz46dt1l15i3aEGVj5R919RVcDK3+tgbmnDqOb851u5poJ/GhfGHHsYM2mbfxQvixo+V5Jt8Ce7la455/BLwS0BvefATTS3gWuSWxmahv8yJyrI5lHUvD3zhid7Gr7zwYJeIx6fEWf3NQD8okzpCe/AVJ3/KlbxZR9ZjvlEO7mxK7VqE5gyq1+ktcsEZNAdzINmAFvLNUbmbrizH13xuF8q8P56udxeUy/7rh80RY8sHTC3mcIY53BwktkKOJzRSZlPtqlM+kDzWf3wy1oxdVyf0zK94Yv7VF+/lsk9St6INUE/W1QmoC976oK9sz7/7u7+r488mTe4E67t2UqbxOPV+J6CcNpN22maXeUXPlZ3KftYG+wt/4Slvp22CHEcJ2vec+DhhR+bhgd7i9Ve5pFHyMMceumTcHUGzjWxHOVf9Ixeu6pEO0rZTby6cuBcPv2ZeQFbgBlf15ty9tSD1gXHKZmVnwXFCMlEQ36IOMMTs2iIGAUqljKAUx50hqqzBraOYpQ4EtspFQXHeKAaOHAWJOdInMhjvChx5oeBMqAZmCggc9evOAI4EVr4U6ARplJojahQMY8IOnw+WMPq1ZbXepOF9LuWV8WVeV4w3waAZB4Rz7mia3TLt5GID+sPVTrH3SCl1ytoHudKZkJ9SJOTKaCtD8quJ+x2BAQAXA4tC1Q9tU2ocef2DtzZycqJQ0fPOZOKeBuikf2hO5vUPbTm2+Oo9IrudVh1NqBYtOMP4IZ/FI3zyrhGa+niNMeG1gjxqrA1jI2Xq7iwu3RnAN/mNZ/DmAHvf/u1vf3vducfbnODxzZi0Wst4JFM5duGT9dyZYsp4+cmFfgvexfTFS3JCB/jwnB0sK34cYXXmhDyZAD74BeeEpKk0fcQ7z8acfjAM89QHkG98v9SJlmnooTPwbKy5qlt9qZdcpclPTtThnp6En3t0z/Jwkid1QdaRuOQ1YfzzHUFO1NoHWYbcJF2A9qTJ16xXn8wjZC77rr6UryyfNG/iu70DeuA12jhCaVHJApLTOMZrHmvcXKAX8APtzT3u7Zyo1yKeBbrky3hI3uAfyGd8tphr0c8rDhZNOdne5eV0OGraN23MIb3t1tti9pzZ8ZX/+q+q817wwhdW/br8tuVx3ZLr4u/f+fdx1dVXxTOf8Yz6AZ89fchr6thYoDNSdgDaeH/Vazn0LWP7LW95S+0T2SVP90RAV/gDfdDPdFz0XZxwRzZT8mb8Vbnm2GqmC9Jd5TFmbUyIo6tSL9Fh4simODi60jWumR/gFZwzHmRbiUfqqExXb+owedw38yd4Fg/gkPZI6tHMnzqXnLkCY8c8a+HXrlPmR0t4uI5v7+6C9gA9SF6drLDZo59sA/OE8cAG0E7qbn1JGmwKsr/5ihw7hF3BhvR6Wo4Pc61v00hDf7vNXj9iV3LCmzo66wR530xzj65N/uFN5tUv/Gbfso2MfXQ1/vSbzmJ3oDG7Iud8ZeCRdeGzePnIi7jkQ8oAHNA38c/5Qjrbi47keMOFzWOn3SIcPWm+SltEG+7V554jxq5Vb8oCHFyzvRx7zTksx4V0tOcAq9PipA02eYA8cEx8k+/o6lmd43mf9NV+lgHKZJp6yYGTo/Bmdxq38uqzRR2bVfSw+rWDB676Q36McSdG0UO9iaM+bg3I+vUL/hmHHuaA8XS4u7DFvwKdgohxiAYQnwDrwJ1BCo3OZEBQ5f1OGGfBTrAdTm1ITwHfWoDAnG67swaJ9pqCtSnQf0FeuLpm0B/BD37bQaNovP9IAVhF1ybjmOKxSmkF364vZYweaExRcCwdQ7Vaxkk3eNJA0Q4BQU9BvAnf+xY+UGExAj3lNchTkJRrCrH+Cncl2HauDWwraVYOOfMGkmDSgDOjyX0C/NBmaw2aPwUkPck7JUFpoDVlgc+cRcrfTr5+28GXz86uq58rMfnhp118x+7xOY0KfGrSDW8opZwgOgHlUsHAzTOFSNHhlzFH3nPMufe1RDv9+Q5UTgyJw12Nj8xHLuS1iCPOohDZd/TRhGwBihGMDoyO1A+TDeCefTLugWc0zXu4py6QB81yvDXL42nqj6wj09DcvbqSxvLTJ+LVrxz+Jb/ymvXKJyijbkE63tPB8jXbHA+bim+CPNrKezLKgYKzMeGa7SZO7k3G2TeyIa98QLqQ7Wf9SYcWxgD/kp7Gk8VPRzjpGotIxmsnQEckD/CEXKk/672zRTjxKX/KJ+RcZ4HLThCjiy70DqCdXHqvv8iOY85Tu4ssF16bx37wwx/Wq2Oba1avife9731F5m+LV7361XUXh66Y0lXaKe12TRmT92a75lVzLz3G2IM/B57smcfI1Kb6Mlkhje0cW8azPpsb8Ep86gKAF/IYZxmHR01IWcr7DMqSh6QVXZKgDXXKh56u8riHl2egzZx33GtH2cRV/ry/o5D9EpQVMl5QfnyQV5p22TtZHk5o4V6+1FHyALo6P9LKlsp29F9d0iciL6nr0AEtObzsXLRxcoPdlotONpbEZ5+1D39jif6GW9LWVd1kw5zqmC3ecarZjsqZ5zmhjnv7SJwFaGNPvJOJxjjcjJPEL9tHM3pdW+gG0sHjcMsjP9wyHT5wYM9afPKB1PwFFnnN+WwmO7JOZiS/4KosSD2SNE95dOpBHdpvpmlfHPoA+WwmeYfU4ps2OcBwonPYr+xj/bZA5wp/7ZuDAf8mae2q37nAC9ekfdpG2kQv/cEPpwzkd0oS0D/aga821AlntE684ZD0kJ59HA9ooE0hQT1Zht6zyeK1FhtW7FGnAuhgepwOdgIQjvwK7eov+9ROtRM6NtvIY+qd7POmcJoIoCP8U26cqnTa2BgxRjttc4s7wITAqrCjIlaNIIcZmHZXoHPJoPED3I4iAludMSjkRey8bi0gIBxV+FMKBAGOcLqzdvU5BRje8ASuhFm/OPXAC92OiuuXFT4DxjvH2nT0lbBSfpSCIzCYjg7ek/DBAMpSWwQU3XJw5Ds4Bhk+aMPAdsSHU89ZlRefrGQp0xRguArwT140IftlUDuuY+WOIrFSaaeTU6NOedCN4QW/VEbZ3rYG+KafTUi5Sfo6/uydVoqEIYaPFK4dEIrZYotJKumePFCPkLxwnejkq+6UVwB/MsrA9KU9fHQ0B1Di5MpKKZmyQkxus7/qEdR5Z7wlM9LJBoVGtn0Ii0JlsFuFVg/nlzGc78TL35TRyQJ3hE+TRxmAfqAhmqF5s2z2UXCfBpa8aNbUK2lIoIc87rM+Y42cSEs+5MKMuuTN9Gw/2wTj8QKZNh7G5wPqgqu07CfIcSBeSPwyv3T53YuTR78ZIWlIJOgznO6o/e0Z0CT5yriy0u+EEIOBnmkuQm4OkLmUPzzSDv3AaeUcMBw3xQvxdErKsrKCsW/3h4GvHjsQnGGOLUPfgsiMvmJo9ow5PWR+n6KPzJMn//jkWLhoYaxdszbWrV1Xd4RruVLH+nXFaS7tlIarHGkX7uLUYdfaTx3SL29729uqY2NsaEM/m3J2TwH9bOJuvBs7+qz/IOUCNK9NvuFLE3KcAeUzqJehblwCdWT7aeNk266epXmuOmBKcZq7ih1l6ijXrimj0V1RN6b/gF+5q2Hs7w93TZyzrWznrmB8Pveb4ru8TWiW47CQm7vT5p1Bc06Hh8Bey589Mg44al4TwFM2Hx2fMq2s4D75A/DBApN3XX1kST0+9OSYs3qdQvOaFfl36lC8TRjzLTvOvMwR9iqCui3G5/hPvrID0ACQE/euqWeMN3kS2H92II17tg+59QqFTSAn3cx5HBz2B+c6+6hP+qz/5E4cOoEqTxvpl/2HAxzRQBvyC/SgU5UcQHY1p59+hAPHjw3L6Ve3DQv1qM+zdvQPvzzDJceYZ/mkiQNoDAd9UA4e+GiTyDv6+s8WwBcLARYN0J4eVFY59NI3dbvCR3vZ300BXIH8IMvjh3bpXBsYFv9sVHHAzRdsPJtvFj/oWRsxKef0fb4vzQdhr6lPvXDKNrY0ZH+1RW87HUumzTt4JL0T2OIOMAPecSsfYfCzQZw1jMB4xLkzSOIRWIx370qRGzAE10eATIziMCXr3RpEB3ahCAIlYoXKaghBt8NCILRNwJrte84Bl8/6kfcGh0HGCXUc1td81aVefTeArEwZGAYmI4GwYjQF4cgEQ8bHuSgEbSubBmIKSyoqIeOtqhnknF4D06oXnAi0duFNucAHZB2Uknv1Zl/xwICgrAxeg5azQnHiTfY1y8EBwLX5vD0BeqCxVV2Dl1zY8SXTThlYYTN2HAWmCFPO8Qq9kvZbEuCDV/iUcoL/aShaMDEZmxQ4vvmesgnLZJmTt3r0D67qU8+m8CXTOYloR9BPMs2INUkb647rNx38ySo3m+onOgj6a6U0dYZxru/0CrrLk3zIPqIfmsgHxFnkUoc8Aj2kjDzyikv6y5/5jF/vs6WxkvIkX7apPfWIF5ogT/M6HpRvgr5oI+tVn7rdqyPlRLo08RnEc3jd4z36wNtYkTfbyn7K18L/C+jkw1DGrV8CsKhkYY3R0gngKcCDnM8Y5OTK60kWwsbLTQJccncGv1LWyS9dyBD1TKc4KcNuoB8Ev+k7tcjOiuUrom9GXwwN+ELwojJPrYkLL7qw7gDvuNOOdad4R/NzkZerrr465pc6+jf0VwNS28aAtsmWn2lEB3qGkWdswp1cypfjlQGuPLzpKDKc8jfZQN+auCX9xAt3xBv5c0xl8NwMWVYYD/RRM0+2n7o90zIe5PPQ6NpyHSruLuecPNEtRS42/tUd/I0ub02qMPZckxqQuDfbuTO4u/n+r6CpV+HmWXBvE8TYIotsLTaCOVkae9RYQuukN3mlM1O/0vdO6FmgsuBDF5BzJwvN7+r3rQ9Oj3aUxVf1cooEi1NsYWPGHI2HxqyxYt7RrjFmzGjT+DFeyIG63KvDSUZ9MP4ct7Yh4wQjvcRhVn+ekrMQXj9sV/SWeYCNmjYu3OAg6GfOBTlfwitlz1WfzLl2NI8//vi6WQM3r+gdffTRtx/zRgt12AnlYOmPxQHl2WLazaCfIOdybbmKh4/6U68oT09yPL32aFEy7Xntv+pVr6q61MYIOlngyA0tbSmfQT/RJ9tvQsYpl3jIm7IEF+99o4GP/vm4ML/GIgD7Uzm+Bh+BnrTg4TQNepIjvIO7jQ/2Kxz1GV7Z5tYA+lcf0NTpHU44nOBPf3fa7hZ3gCHHseNYeUeQ4YxAmIj4dwbZiWQWggJXg98uI0HNo0oGegpep6Adk3AOYsKMmZlGWDjfjgfYqU1iyw+0rW9AfAon/NznQFG3a9ZtUFtVI3x2vlKAlLHqxskweBgDnjGbo8y5JLh2bNUH0CAHXgagPvdJd1d4MSY5XJxncRxtiwsUpDI5oLNO9JGXgkv6EMj8PWMrMo7sGhQGUdNhUX+238KYEYk2HEmKlTxxJikVq68mNsrXRGVyQG+yRpElP7cWpPxpQ5sCXlPM+bEYytEYN1FQ3AzVxCnHgXoS103hq27yRB7JC+WaBqZAvijXxEcgRzm5b6rePxUkPomrkONfcJ+TtzR89WzMGdt0RsoG2mU+5fTZohQZEEcXcpyNS/H0BPopl6BMtq0uPHTigy5h5KgHjelpfNC+Mq4g+QfgALIfCXkvX+YF4uGKTwJjSBDPaNJGypZy4rMOMgDwXgB0rxNA0pXR19Qp2U4Lf4CkDbravckdYIuVj3zEI4rMzStMqxn8+yPeAT8nNDqCJ6WekjQyNLZ7mM9j92MLXo7P2akxJ5lTsu07AmWMbfySTzD+GXuMSwuoFr3MISkLeM35rXmn9caUqUVHlb+Rgvgee+8VPzvl5zE8OhLnFsPsM5/7XPy2OPvnlvC1YuAy1pymsaDotR/znMXs1LHatvNi18X4MAeSTzQzrzn9xeZAN+NNmrGjHPzG0+1PDePxmYw4NmF01FivAljEir4jX3Ae0331uQrcHfRh8narI0jd2uQXmTdW6ErOIbvX2KA/zcPk01xAp5uH6XHzgfzGGUjbzcaHE2WcML+0YMPC6TMLV8acq/lIezn/qIMOdgLMbh8nmoNm/ud4s0EFec1hQFuAjSkeGHdw49A6Tck/0I4Po3rPl0OuPvn135yoTd/9gb8xnLaCcZh9FECWA3BHS5C6Rh1e06Cr7HbTV3Y97fjaSEJX+OqD/rK7lEVjtr/y7DSOIBpJSxrlXNace4F28dMca45CazvebCh6Tb99yd4xdBsd9Ao+sgvoIzjCWT3StJm2t/vsYxOSBq7adYUDgGvSKRcfLDbyJ/Q56cmWMNey78y77D72Pb1JD7raJSaHnGP1wQlu2cbWAPUmjeFl0whdncol2+Ppf3dhizvABiSnkTGFuM72p8DcXZBXQFwdR2CTlvcFvCdrBappME+E6NrIidY9UB9B8GyiRGwTNGITDEIFJ9AsI15drp6luU+jUhlxhMUOsFUMwq9PhNAAB/L4IJA4SsKxZysyVosYGU1cNwfgYuAoqy1KB3/USQFQioSd0FOoAB8pJH0w+JXj+DpOgx+568uJV1cqJaCdifBmWwQ8QBcrr/jpiBN+kjPHUCh48uY+j5CjeVOmtjSoM+vFZ+1ku1YGLdKYAE0MTh9YdXOt79mVvGRKcJ9j9674bgwoY/xqW7vuAacsJ1DjST51Ju3Ebw06TATgBpq0FEdJC1bYTR5+SsPHLow1ilzfGBFJh/Hl05HFC2PL5JjH2UzQjHXvdknL0ymCsjlhat+EZwK2o27CBwx+K8F24NTjymngrNI52kxQX4Z8buKaV+A++QZfP8UjeJXDwp6JlKFEd8CVrsV/PGagkX91KE8H2jXwMyAmOs5SLtQBfXPfbL+FsfFFdjh/DEjjF20feP8HxKKi240hX1a2uzrmfBRelr/BwrfhgbH5amS4jLspYzssnOCBobHjfvLim/rJC4PYwjTe3Nm4J4uCPDmG1UMOGJj0Ifk09sfn5fBk3Zxf8iedTJAlMivdoiLDmZFsnjLmyA+8yfsXv/jFauhql0HMqGdoMs45wewMxqc+sWWMUf3UHjnLBX2hlbmJQbGM6v+3y1+Xcew+5dEYx/M7oPM2RvqmbgX6T95St5E3860TV5wP+p6MmgM4Ipwkzl3uLBoTbFYbLT70ROfaWbTwbhyw1/y6A72gPnWr01iHh7GkbWPMNR1D48i7whxhetucY3HJ/KL+3Fihu409ONg5dtw4HVk/s5QnvMwz2tVG9t/cke1x2rVhZ5jjZUc4d8CVoTvScRfoPcCm0mc0cZqSrYpe2tBnX72maywswFVZdNZ/bbPLnUSzK2xePPHEE2vb6kdfbcIz9QBaqFt5fRaHTo6Ye9XR/EefONnnhKwFSXpO2/QLhxUf0Uaf0JRO0k86iE2kTk6yeVk7dwTyCOpMmrg3D+dpM3U6FZTfHFKf9gVzBN6yS5WDC/sEnfBB/+lHtqkdYPFoQN+mvGh/S0P2S7/JNJ4AJ2jxSrudwBZ3gE02hM2ExGFkbEEccSYCDDSrsZxqA1aHCdyWIHjW4wpPQkmgMZaxaaVNvNUiAyKZAeSVls+ExnMG8QYKSCZRIoQNnSgLQm/QSZfXQKW0CCfng3IS1E1YO+2zMnCi3Nyrx0Am4I6XcHoNDgMXPgyJXOGjuPDW4LCKZyBwgigSuKkX/VIJoIs2OsFzW4aUCw6QVVdKBY0pO3xntOGBHWALPSaH5Jfr1gB1J+8A/pFP8k8+yYUrxS9QiiYk5eQlzyDlHe+Vdy9sCkxSQHnylfXos7ZzMsuJWZ3jx9tkgaRd4pV0gLdgAvW7ht6zOvroo+sKsMUFE7yfcukxrrvLuJ4yRlN9Rw99RyfjXr/ztAZZ4HSow4KjeLoCX4C2jWF40CnaN3H4vVYLVcrTqY5jGfsmYyvdnE8yaGLhaCqfAcAhV+PpyDQCcrwnHepHi0oba1evia/815dLWsQ+e987rr9uSVx68aW1z3vtsWe5zh7TacX4hdO/HndcXSDQZydK1C3A3+KcnUYymLp0PH4t/OE1C7rd6RKvJdnxcH3kIx5ZHdXkVR1TRd5QDwkdJ+7t7am7rhs2DNSvKKO1fI4c95Q0MkBGtcEBtphLFhm/nfCBDNEx+RoO+QKpA+DZrDef4aEMQ5m8km1GnY+zONro9zWdmnJyy5XdQGYZocahL+AyxD2by5y2YpQ7uZZX9Zjj8h05tEMLNNla+nj7Ae8Ak7uNTm9xeP/gAKNtOr93IFObL2aTGshzhpRv8uVK3oB4485czA7lpHBEvMfJ3vaTZ3R3OrTKc3T8pjB9amwIZJptzvnkOLM/jDv5OW+cGbamOUU5ss554nxZpDJ/mDuMBbqYY+udWt/9Yc+IUw4+dAPHmE3DnvGl9dz11C9jP8eSvoGc/+kx85nxbANIHBuU068tZdVJd6RNYHznPGmDifPr5IY+mjvsNruaG9WXuszVc1PXaDtpbLGM0wVXc66TIxx8jqW+ZrCIZjFAHfJbcFPvG9/4xvqhPu2bV+lO+XOedq8MnU3PcNLRl/PL5kZjuNF1+pIykbi6NkP2Q9/N6b4pxMbEczxCQzzHSzKgX2hgkUFgS5AF/KZb9Rkd0NquOBuQ3wJH5ZJ+W0sn6q8+ATLFCSdn9DRc9LUT2OIOsMFDAKxYIByipeM2EeL4SpnAAVZnDppkeKegbA4CBFan4B5DndknOMCqGafUALWakwwXMMiVQItXpwHsqg31w1m6fPLYBaQc1EuppRByQB2PZgBSWEk7dMydsU4h6aV/cIajq8CYUDcBszJOqVICcLJDaffGCiPlyYCgaNUj6FfWp371uIp3beEPgB52w/CdwmNEkiuTlxVait07IRRVys9EeH5XoH68AymDKcfkVtviyR7FD2e7KKm0m+PGs0mI7EjfFN7q106WMQmoV5sCIPc5zl3FwzNpMtkATkLSEt5wRasf//BHZfI7vDp+KDJtWnHqy1jp7Z0W1y+5Pq6/9rr6e6azikPo+Om1xWBgcHCMyUPSMQ0Cq9PGHwfaZG+i44SgY45JbSsLH8fOOCiMenxEa3rNRGhF2leClc8TCD58Qf6UNeYtPtJLdss4UvSViTx5nIZMpYG/cl1XJtBppX+zSntPfcpT4nC6uxhujDK6zwLbLjvvEj3FyeouZZcUvXPOb8e+9UDHMD7gSt+apLVP9wtkI+mdtGlhDIwtvACOszHE8p2uhz/0YZWWhXBj8tmgHZnpK/TO8T+t0H2wOMFTylCrY24jn9Xjii8MW894Rb7k21ygY8iZK34a5znu1ZfynCA+0zIfeVAuF2WkMeDIMCPVfOrZDi4D2I5z6i99zTayndR75rMEOGpDmUqPcm1hAtBVHJ5Cwj/a+bUbvDHUxNvDONjGSE/WUp5SBj0L5I6MJpB5upfzQodyQuhUGxMcJvIvjhPs6K0FUk4Vh4UDZQzQq2Q49ahFJ20Y09LgoA3A7rTTJ7/xYM6xoMaZ41Bp02ZOOiV2VtVp55eucWLMCSjfBDIes3/GnzpBjr1MA3wJ7WU+8x383Zvv6B1001dzpXj2CZ2kz+xVfcqFLRsOHG/9Ew9HtFTOHO2qPkE8WphP9UF+eezSmnu1j976qF68UJ7TzfHnKMLfQoWfdLN5Jo5eST2Hr9rQZzTWZuozdekrPUVv2c3Wpmd9wFf+EIfbIicHXZ3wxVNlzO820tCBjYk3fAp62jzOphdv4RuuFjV8+Zn9j158APM825ReRTdp+szpZC8kLZN2cNgagD5JN/0ny2wWeKBZp+1ucQfYBCFgPAMf05OhEyGQAc4AsjKi7manJ0J0ZQXCSBDh6Vn9jPgTTjihEp7SYHgSdOkGJuGVj3AQqDTi1QHsHFNGzQHnSkDltSNDcCkF5QghJ4iAYTiFYdADZdEPdEpHZfQF7vCAu4Bf6hTgYtVHMAAYDo6c6KsFDavljpnpI3op3+Stq/qSBvrfKb7bIqADulHQJi+Th6NIjpN4jxqtyaJdB4oXHdFTma1Jw+Sda96PD+LJAfkVku+uyW8AX/LdjBsPyiXcUb8ybnwaebuj/JMBsk/GWNIM3+iHb3/zW3E/TkKZrOsYLONixsxZccvNy+J9731f/MP7319pu38Z75/8xCfihz/4Qey6225F7+wUg0Nji0oZ1Gcl3O4Y59cpFcaKnQCTG/qjU+ozBoEFFwaLcU0fSTf5cY7oNeNeMLFygOVlNOUROo4UZ9lKtPocPfU6CD6TV0GdFQp7CqZxWzFQunuKIVEMGMbYwkWLiwM/O371y19Vffmyl74s9i39nTqtNy4o7TguRrdbYWZkGR/0IuNMn62Ep4GlD5NVDv7UgA8WMhhsnD/Gk/mLfHGALaJYbKnyZOyW/OSkiEt1csVXY6P89fevZ53G0iJvS5ZeXxfo7L6og7yYr+h4RiB91RzXdxe0rU0yRK/k/GGeUt94PufYEsxjjF4L7voLyIx6Uld45+3444+vu0WMUXhnvfppnGR9ntUpDsBJXKVHyZ/l8tpC51CsIQq+/Cu0vFPH9w7ovI2RnixlIHspk+PjjA2ynfEpm5wdNrKNGQuIHCV6ksNCdxsT5gebHMZWnq5Kne2qbm0az+TeOOB8Cp6V4RBpl0NML9Mz9ItdQw4ph4TudoWTvBYs7VqqT/1sW32Bh3ZdxbvCIcef55yr6H9pxi4bPPWZxVlzVB4TdkrIty7gZP6y4MtZMm/kZg7INpOO2X4+ZxxAb46+D3Vxfvk09OqXvvSl+rqgvOY3fUQjr53I51SJhQJ8yLYF9WXIdtxne01czLN8AP0Vsu929b1Opf/mS0e9Ocj4i1ZOTDllCBf1OMFC96EJ4NvgT54Qyh1uNgEfyykBdMV3Tj/80du8jdfasSts/oevoB1hawDep2ygMRklFzkmknabC1vcATYYEYqXzpiBnGeETKZ2ApxDE6/VW0wkMDo/UaJnWVf4wdO9wW3lhBP4d3/3d1HoVAXBwOIUUjAmfEyAl0nWIMgjAeqxEpSrYhSQvCkscLdqRWEZ5JQHo1Y/xdvpNmFrAw3VpzzcUtg2FwgN/qgvcQHqFi8OXaUTeAPXuwocM6tABr50/MwBSxgZKsoC9SR++uh5Inzf1gAd8AHYlbH6xsEgW4xI9DR2KBfKL3cp0NF1a9FxfN15Pz4+eZmyA5rpCXcUt61D9pmSThoZAyb8b33jm8Wp/WF8/OMfi/f+w/viu9/5buH/A+rEOnfunDqJyaeMSev+D3hAnbRmF4cRGJNoL0+u1HonyREv+seKLX3LQAFwyHHpqJbVXj+blrpTXQwmBgNnl/w5gs+ZpoccH6WzOM6cbLjQb1ad4Ux2ySe8mpMQ/LqK77BhfX9s6Pehr+mxqui0nqnmgbHfP2Q4TOmeUo2ERYsW1iO4nH4r6g8vzviZZVJmYDn9knrTOPGuM71rbEgHdNemHKXtFfADfVzxzntdjFAf2du9zEVOFaD5cKFd/QbRxt/JRT1XaWsLz8hIiYil1y8tBtUJ8bUTvlYdYEaPRVB0xxNgBzgXuzcXtKktAc7qoO/oQs/NucpzxbUEYKfD/GmeNGeJhxd5FOhWY4vhTM7NxRxmoF5tZt3KZlvk2BgifznfCeLo72a5FjqEoiiqzN2l45vXBtxB1D0dUqYTUs7JWcpbxiXkeOD0shXsNNKVThYak+SXDUv+6XCOqfFBllNnZxtZr7bUlTZeM86zYBx4Vr8NG/OCRVhtcYCNMwup8lpgNTaNLaBe981+NCHbaOZJXOgEjqZ5TP/oCfMfHDhv5i44ceI4v9rOOUQfsj7XZvvqHh/XBO3Te0BedrpNDIvBnEj90287shZq2cvmKboDZN2C8ncHOKny8iksNusvBxjtzZUWu/HbPElf2XBjA9D9FrLZAnZp7ZTmxqE+wAENOdbwREtzulNf8tox1xf5OLrsUXWmDapeuMijPnIEsn9bC7RP3r0fbd6x+ErO+EudtrvFHWBC6LgdIw6BMI/wQbwpgJsLGGBAqRNDCBaCTKROQJhA1mNCVS/B9jutDERCSJj1xQDz+10MRsKobwT+i1/4Yhx43wOrME0rg2VgYLCe+V9207K6u7dgwfz6jl8d1BsNDgYkobQyJ55QaodAM1goGKGWKfnhmAO1E1A262hCxme92suQeV1TaWY+1zQ03AvNelwT9xbGgLyhkVU8Mm3icnyI80tZU0oWeSg8gHZoTyZdW1pOXkje4HHyzT2n7/snfb8YII+Jp5QJhvO43777xWMe97jqAO5R9Flf0WdnnH5GfP3Er8fI6Eg8pzgrixctLmNu7H3MHIcmRYqfE8zYsPLNoLFYlRNSThSJj/d/OEFWdXMHAJgw6WmyaKeA85unbKyaW92n20y0VrPpK/m8n24C5Hjk+M86OQc9PcXQGRn7SQq4DBcazJu/oKZzoH7y07EvUD716U+rjos4Bgyne5+iD61I04PohH7q0UfODCPLLnbuKCQ09c72Dowz9LA4wBD2SpLVfnNNLtDSy3g1ODD2obQqX0XuiuD4V2m7oaSfUeTjd+f9Ls4pTuRtxbB+0EEPqh9mZHA57odvdurNYXkMcXMBb7WvLLl1nwFuyVtBOshn6YK+ym++JC/SGKbecadLGXXGiLbIZJ4gyFDltIR8zvbda7PZLnmXtj1A9rvZ/yad7gikJ0/lIUvKu8cnz5V+pXitd9Splv6Sjs9jZYaHjW35c+d9rC1YuBPXDDWt1NXEk7OUONCbgKyMLwOMhZQhuMORI5myJ9//Fc+b+DXhjuITJ+Pbwo5FHv2wOIoPNljoePnYGBap1HFnMpztjG+rCeiT49XiKp3jtTg2sQVXZe0WmjtSNwC0BZ3SMhefjHFOJ1+AQ+ZkkjFtjrPTyZYyV6T+cJ0o/7Iu9ZgH0VXfzLmcMgvE+o0edC2HkvMNmjQV7i7Ii9Zsb/3RFhqgsf56JufaN1+zHS0sC07g8j3gYp7NRQR9MH86Ym0eN8/qB3zdc4bpUXaBOR+ttaksPrIz+Dm5qCF+orS9KyDT+gnsVn/oQx+qCx8cfE7w5tC0CVscaysgVkZMunlGH/LpJHUKGIgp6kH0LQWURBMwlVBRJnaBrZDY8meUyUuREgZ984GXkcFiZCy9kUaIRQXHvt5pVUFPLUImbnFROPMNRF/TLIPf0TNaPJU14cRAxyscMSZ82T8OUt4T2s0dPONB2U0J6kTqbeHuA9mxyELOOEYMVHHkzdUOF6WD7xSfCUNo+TO5YTx/cnwLaSw8tji8R73whfXI+zHHHBM7FONgpDiK+PusMnEfceQR9SND9IEJZtbsWXHrbbfVXTx56FETkA/6fPCDH6xfljQRWOnmuDJ2OCapb014dJaJEX6OiMJFEC/dpMJ4sKLsiLMFGEYEwyUnb+UdozOxk1GLcxxpejINqey/ydIHsHqnT4tpM/rqN159dXhgQ3/8qMwLny44F6JUp4ThMrXgsKRM3vTe4wt99tpr73ryRUA7k7w+5fhglOb7aklX80I7Pv4AaZjgn3nFh2fMnxY4jv/CF+K3ZT7rL3yvvDK/bKQdZ4Nc2AHG8++fdFL9BgYd5RTQi170wvoOmWN/FrkZIAxQRgh56HRezrkNf3M+JsP4TO7JAUge5zNQVjm6VFn3ylnwcUqCbPigC7lGDzJnESCNwQRlBXVrJ8ePPmkjZTzDZISklTEtoKHn3M0GzT5IQy9BeuZ3FUDqHfXJoxxai6+yUuKSbkC6Z3Mcp4gcyZ/p8guefetgZKTkL9cNA5xOr4vAW51j+N6uW8o/NZDRwYJPfgkcHnDLvidP3Sde2Z56sr90ofQENFKPfGQG7zkcrsqRgWY/JxvAyzwBTwtUPjRlAcgxWDY5Xugf+ugfSLp0AsYHeqiTLWzHkd3C+XS1Q2dOkk8b8pEj7SePOgE6q6ln6DWOPf2jXY4vJ46Dl2Nc++RDfzsB/E8ZqDqzXPVZnG9VmIc5kL6TYcNMnznDOS+N1x93F1L20K2Je8ohHecUlyveG3OOgaO1trP9xEFQl7LqELRhUQT96EXzbeKqr56Th+LQ3vwiTV0ToevmQMoOHOBjbPKPtD2R9re4AwxRBHLUgrGGYBBMBdUpqBdDkxnJyK0JiG1AmzwJFYHRH8dJ9G1WYUB3wccujjjCVFRKjJZylOz8efOr8WfinT6NYThGbkfPtjbuLUxOIL/GA/k1CRsX5Iw8kC9yYzJO5SSeAQHka+GeATm+80pvFPVdFS6nY/FOO9ad3v71Y4aYFeV0VB1FvvWWMsGWvN4ZZrSbvNRFNgD9ykl1WoTBQ6akmxRMWqkfTRqMAe2bIOVLXeZZfru9dl//8i//8vZVfM6t8iZUhsxnPvOZ+koIQweQYwFecEoj2nMalxb7ZsycEb1FbzPGGEVrSpt+f/GQ0ia9eEup/9KLL644zik6dcn1S+prJpxykzr8TbbaglP2E7gXWvhjSAcFfwU7+u9///vrseWf/uynYz+X8vvf1wUTH2ErBK28Gh4eipWrVtVTXN/69rfipI3Hm/e41x4xt8zpp/7mN3WhxOI2w9OR+r/+67+uuwx41CngMSCj+GwMkCNy7xnguSBeyDhAT4ojg+TeOHIyghz7MjTDOPPUcbixvQT1SNcHadlWE1L3TmYdnHOKfjodYqHCzqAx69QIJ4hcCGhlfOknuyr7DZo0loZmxqqxpowFETtO5CdpnmVz3hJvwcwrGvJLJ4twcfLEhsIll1waV15xVdy87JaY2k2X2Mn3QTS7vnZix5zwP9C+yMrG+9GiO7UFEt/Ez3uRNi1Sp1oQgZN+0H3wFtAD7uiB99pxXN6pBjirE97qlWey6hq8Qws8sUFjMZHcs12l0Zt2+9isnvUZHfSnU3lOWSMfnCc0zneP//Zv/7a2h4Z5jFfIuWsiY0hZPHHFz4SUU3wG2hMnX/az03b1FWR5z4I+k2f+jqPI2vfKEPlGG7KHztn25rZP/vQn+9TsN6cVj9/znvdU3e43he3+as/Yy/z6nnKbfJcuTf3qck0eJY7KpMyLz7GQfa/ze3l2/b8YG8anoD24mBu0aRxrv1PY4g5wrtoiGkAsgug6ESKZ1Bl8Oo7wGOm6NUC9BEEf8gw9o9TuA6EmkI4B9BSFvb4odbhRpnZQTv7Rj+LnP/tZ/KAYGf0b+qtC8DXNoWJcVHTLf2tWFcW7Ubm3sH0BmaIwDWKrWFbdcsGIXDWVUMphPrdwz4CmXnIvzJo5K9YVZ3dVUdjGv122vmKYzCj6zGsVPlrB8dt7r73rdwN+97vf1knUT9Gk7iEHdCkZcSUvJjPGaRqo4slWTkomOAt4OdG50lcmEoGxxIFhLOU7U5xRaQwYRos4zs7RRx9dfzqGTss+SvfxDXpfGeD0C4fqphtvjP7SBx+4Ov6Lx8cpP/95POqQR8WTn/q0qgftQjJYr776mrFd6K98Jb79rW9VA8LxWnRgNKtXXxlwnPscJ+InOq9si0AGOI70C91CNuza4x/e2aV433vfGyd+7YQie0vr17rREi9//tOfxic++Ykqi04a+BbF1ddcXX93+qoS53SC4/Bvf/vb65XRZRGFbE1UT+GpANRFVvN5U2AnhpHNOGLo2+3ym6N2Yxx5JvupbwF5MTZSVrclMC4Ao9DO/XHHHVcN5PcWXudP5Oi3sWrM5Kk6egZNkodC0sk1bTrl/awLB8d7/MauNoXkfdLW8VeLZsZ16gb5ff2dg2nn6nvfOyk+/rFPxY9//NNiP60rOoN+c9xysO4O2zAYw6dWXa/dUx2LH3N2BfIBb1eyYLEOjhbzyPuf//mf19Mr9CSc/vmf/7nu2jkZ4TUL8mHHEF5kyIIBvOkg9aMNQFO0yH5OJoAnh9NpRfrReDdOLWxaIPUdF4tgeUpDfn1pzlObCzlW0cdikzkFbYxBC0/o63QIvotP2ZzouIM7GcPP5H8u9NF55Jlv4Fm6tsXrd6e8Qyd1Jb3c6y+94yqQIbTOMSWYr7LfnQBaZR8F9804/XEPtEXfo0vO7yDHRgI6oIcAN1f16Jtrk07KiRfkU5f0HPP66DnzZNgaAKeUJXKM3hZ0bTzCrVPY4g5w7kxA1CATkkkTAYQ1iZvAKSrP2khmdQp3Vl4aRUipeKeC0qZkHcdjLFDEvUVhzysGo69l2uH4wAc/GB/4x3+Mz33uc3FNMeyssDsSaFDWLZ1Sp52f0qPaRgvbF5gwjAnKxESVCoSykWaQiwdkTJpJRf4WJi/cmR7BwxUrl9ejSpcXI+zXp/66LpLduuzmWLViZT2mxinxkZJ3vPMdce97711XlgeLLJzyi1PqESs7KXZ01GE3lV6yw8H4sGvBQTb55cRnoTAnSTtgcEhjLnVnTo7K5oJiTnDuc+Kkv8mgeOkMWenKMCp9FBBOaST2lInREcW5c+ZW45dDcsHvL6hfkH/Na14Te9xr93oyxtehZxY8vavESVld8tq54lBrixPGkIGrRQA7HJxz40P79LK5YEvNMdsKNGURnQRxDBZH5t/97nfXhY9LLr2kLtraMfNe1XllfiNLeOwbF+TGgi+n0o6D39N905veVH+dgHGrPrRnkGrjTwHkhmzCg+wzjhx55rg7GmmhGu76REaSHhm2JTAe8RnPLB5xRPzE2b//+79XvnP40IDeMM7kNz6N81xIaI4j9Mz5yDh05N3rbb4W6/1HX8KV3pQB5d3TT8avVxm8S0jX0E9kybi1OLHbrrvHVVddE6f95oxYev0NpZ7h6C3G7GBxgNetG3OoEoeEkRHPeP2Ho9Qg5ZsDQp/QNRxCX7L1jQG7k/DgFPs2yxe+8IWqt+yekRG6kR4kK3QPuqibfpnsc6++o6cPIRoP+I8nxriFTX3mDOcOcDozEwGyg94Wv9j8XtnhhJMVbZM1r/TRIdraUmMteU4myJnnlA/8w0fpqQ/019gHneKQukOdQH9seGnLQgN/hyPm9RCB/Fg8dnqKDbcpuCt8jBflXdGbYwsP4NlJHgvnFqN8EZoNYW7O14XgKZAP4J48N53eZgDiM+R8D7Iu9Mx0IF2+8fFbA9BfO+TMz4RajPcK6URgi38EC5EMCIrPBGRAiEMo104JpCzGcYANOgxT50SJTqCSeQniTBKUvRVCH/lgJBAefWOg+RCLXR07OqcWg3bJdUvilUXR+M0zytcKmEHgxXK/fWkHWDuloZhRJoD67lUL2x1QTCmzFBpDwW6FSZjRyXFJpWPAk3nP5H0ict7C1oXkDd2Rk6VJSgCn/urX4WNUjkiZsDiEjDV5OXcM9sc//gmx0Apy0TPkZI8yuV562aV1F4XxwsiwM+rjfOph2DlmmO9iMvzoJ7qSvGibzmHMyWeFmF6mk8UzYBnC6q0nWoqspS40ufsQoDYYFiY5RqTdFB/gYlwxKB011C91MsLS8S4I1PeZb731tvr1a/2wM8xw9hMOnHrHIOnXw590eHX+H12MNEej4YEePlzkXSqgjz78YeXXBz60l+NIXxPvFsZkEU3SeSBj4qou6Z5aafqwhz608suHrXzo7JSig86/4IJC1xllvto35hd5Gypl8dgc9qTi9KI9Q48DQ8YS6Kc/Ff3JOFy0r59w8345wxQ+0gRp8uRzldFtDNACjxnexikH2LiiZ3JscxocYefEWiygLyy2WeBHLw4g+uBp8pUu8ysXFt/sctEnDHN10ztAPoG8WQhjmLN/fDDPGFenBSy6jDNGV9FFS667vjrK++67X5VLzps58bzzLojri1606MchZvNN7Rn72FkR7dvbE+At0FH6qt8MYw6aXWs2o/bUbwFNOseMbHP86TUOmx0l7dCJxo98HEr3aJE0nGyQdCD76GMjhl52uoxux2f9whvp2Ycs1wnk2GLDsJMtNDgNgtbobq7Bb/wwFunr1EPKuXYCyuFDgmcyQ371zYlNc5M80vDONdvL6+YAuilHBlz1wzjSR+/+GgPaRmP3PkTmmwkctSaumwva0zZ6WeQD+GV8G0ccXnR3bwzrt3b5K+T27rbdpE8TNhU/Hu5OnomCNtCdjnNvHJPvHJOd4rDFHWCEt1Nr0oQgpDFwIoIA1EHAcvLVYdeETgkwfoB4hjMH2Nd5ObKUpxUfz5SjVRYO8D773Dv6pvfF2WedHdeUeB+PeXBRAoxVzrJJgNK97/0OrO/BaWNZmRQMFkqiU+XTwj0X8J2MMSAcfTVBO7ZFtslUOjBCGiBAGdCpnLewdWG8/sjgWXhCcW6Pee1r47Wve119B/b5z3tePKTw2+rxvYvBft8DD4z5CxfUHVFGhGdG2kMe+pD68SzHkD0zUDmr8pgMTJB0lCPKDLacDISUGbqIkUfWGCMmypzU6WgLL3lqB5A9uPvqvh1Chq7XQEzoJly7hXQiw1YbZJczJZ18jwyNvR80pdTDkZ87b25Jv3/sutuu1amHPwPVRL1fMYIXFhzo9TrJFxz8bJJ0/WFg6acjuHQvg5ojBj99bfa3hTFIWqARPldeFDqN6ZOxuRifLFagv8WGvYuhfOUVV1SjdY89i+NUZA5PfZUbLxYV+Uh9JKRsicv5+E8BcMn2XfU33zvMxXfzbcpL4pn4b0ug7/hh8cox49zRzd+HZZegBwfJB8LMNb4Ca1HKEWA6II12dBIY+hafLFrJb0eRTuB00AvGaNJW3e45ld4VpxfkzzrzJ2PszNIBfibt/PN/H1dccWXdLNHW8V/6Unzj69+oxv3pZV4888wzqk7wHrr6nKLr7h47Bp38xEtlm3wm23SHuVW/9VN5eMhjE0NZ+Ngt57zBkx7yzKHgOKJJ7qYlpAxNFoAP3us3vB1/p6M5Z/oEd3mSR0383XfSHzRUztVPIJEJssDutxBh0dTv8To5QI/ggXi6HL/IaaeQ+OqLeiy0sM0BmUwHWDspD03+bS5oTx3ky9hCayefzIXmMLKcO7VkJ79+zUlTrhP6gqRx0ir7knHsAQsc/C277c961rPqQg65Ned32u5kBH0R8DEX58kYm8Fc1ilscQ+MIPiIRr6/BWGCONEJR/lcBSGA6iUMYKKMHl8+cRXP6HKkgMFJwP0UB6XJUFi/bn1dlVy8w+KYN3duFdANRekOlnyYYrA7srOh0OScoiBOLQalL3H+95e/UsovqW20sH1Byhb5OeGEE+rqKYOBwWISyaNXAvlLpevawj0D8C0nXcFkxfia2TcjesrzrmWCsvuwqugVH4GaO3defR945fIVsfyWW+uquUnMb+fSdfJaWCQDJjtf+HzrW99a31VzlM8XpRkfubOrjKBdV8YgJ5dxxAmmx6QxjkycaaA2J2t4j+mvkWpgmOy9H8fwzQlZPRzquvBXDNicdLuLcdpFNxcZ9tu/j3j4I+KFL3phfcf4uc99Xrzi6KPjz17/+jj8iCNizuw5VT9W43V4pPRzbt35tUvEYEpD1mIRR4whm/NAjiXQvG9hTAZT9ppz5Uih82DhK95UZ6DIx/qiX/bfb7/4xw98IL7wxS/WRRoOsZ/fGiqOhTldHh8eAniVDgf5+lPSPvtW5afIqv56dp94oUUGIE2flNmWwPjTf2NGXzmRHyg8/au/+qu642tuYZc4Iu69fydAOEp2kOgF9hpAHwGPGZnysH8slDC6tUMncWoAPdCkv/HqWR5jNdPwRbCBoN5LLr0sLr7kwjLOvUrmd8nPidNOO7XYUwvjGc94ajz9aU+JPffcozgTi4p+7IvVa8Y+WqVvrvib8qddgc5IWXdSxe4yHWUjAl74TmZyc0bfOEz0p3osGqBLfswobVjtKavMZAP0xyv9hq9nuhu+4xcGMuhTjodOQHl15ofVLBzYESUbZIxN4/Uc9NSONvFKGh5tSVD/+DA+fiI6KuUMHelMMm1OZLM5vede/83xxtHxxx9fF17IOD50CtpN/aZ9V30xvs3bxrUPYeUpVYs4Fsgno4xuCaC/yJrTuB/+8IfrNw6cIptIf7e4A8xQ+vjHP16P6tmqx7Bk4ESEMCcsA5xDkJ1W/0ShiZd7Qb25YmXQOvrj6KFdujxi5fd+GW83FuPslmK4glnFUNXfsZUihsJQdaIdJTzllF/Eqb8+NY7/0vHV2dEn0KRNKqsWtk3AZ/JBthgCForIWO6AUbDjgUxMdPy08H8Dqe9MXAKjDE8tlPlpoOl2pcqz92TnzfM+64zihBRjrox5Tq6fPlLOJwKmdE+JniInDDeyQk7IgEkgDR7PZOl257OU9SyeIUSXiOeg2j3lQMNJWXrNpO1ZPnFZp2cr21b0tW2F3RFkE6x66EDyajIWl0eSKw187brcc4LtaC9YtLB+J8Hx2cU77hBzi+E8W1+LzHOQHfnuK/fdhUZ2d7RPNwr0vfcG9YXzaxcKjmiqr9psx8YdAzqlY+C+wsbpEv2mFZ6RL2kDDOWNMiULx9j8hjd+vs88h87kImmN9oI48uj6fw2MTLubiRM5gSdIedSn2/tfgD5NJ21bghwz7C72h92gt73tbfXL7k5N2JEiC95TdEyT8+LVCPrCT7M55UEf0AtZl91hYz+NbHGcGuM9xzw9gL7o7sr5kS/5QC4EdYt35P4Tn/hEfPKTH4tf//oXsfu9dolddtkx1qxdVRzVHeJFL3pB/NnrXxcveOFRRf88qDiouxXdOLviCX9tVjndKHupr/AU/wFHRN/kdyxV3wV1AGWdcGGvctzSmYcjRyLfX9WOurPtyQhwTNycXOTAO/Fjgd2iZdKoqSOVSf3ZCagLf4Vs2+Ko3U9tO4JNDsgG2sEhx1unbd4ZZH/q3Fkg+yoejO//5gB81UvejY28N18D9eqbMaevdCE6iDMvdwpJJzRWp3bECexFOtzpDmOJM85BxAvxW4PGkwXImXFrgYoOm0hft7gDzKDHFFcTUwp+UyF2AphKmHOFSac7FegmwCsHZuLnWf1WSn1Bj3LULkXK8c2VLseagZVyx8YMCjhtsALXv6Eq09VrVsXKFSuL8bdzPLo40XY3rIxioF2NFO40blvYtoFsmag5DQwUMuOZrIgj2yBlgdxTtOQtlXkLkxvoDiEnZJMSh4IuLAkbc0V1iOfNn1eNhDElvvHDUxvL+ikQZcgA/tMVJjl5TYBkJydlcYy/1GXK0W3kSPuOob30pS+txp380tUnXVlXZSuOBUzkHM7Xvva19XdkX/nKV9adZj+34Muqdo3pLPmV1wbcaz9KXY7acoDFqXtdwdt8MFDKSC8Zq/MFBswNBfeuEi1vzhXZN06vLw7bgWLE6mfSFsibeLfwB90B8CP1RuVVoVkvXbLRaPUtCosPFl4syshfd+/L1YfM0NiXyv1ElS/0poFFPlzH5HTLzMWdgLk4nTa4uDpBkXOx0KSBZ3iTI2NqWwJ900880n+7mhw5TrAvH+NZOohemzDfcG45uWiEdmwR4yl5ysi0w2WOons4N44Pc4I5OPJrM8e5AKrc3K7XxhyRTFOPRTXtwePJT35yXVDLd5U5cRwIDqzNgyyrXwJotqcN7ekznuqjY7l2IL2q4ci1ttSdZZVxtBsedoDJkLrTebGzZxcPLZTVDvpl+5MJ6G26WL8tfuBN3WG/5JLKK+N+S+tH9EZrO+uO+2rTayrmGDz9+7//++p8cwrpc3RFO+W2FKQ8gZSB8fWLF1JWOoWsRwBOEBg/fB2vB/gOhnt0QBdjj46ZCN2zPTKIx9kH9+gpLccM2cz5cjLK6JYA/csxarw6lcIOSp50AlvcooYcZlCOVu8hVyfejczsFHSc4sqJdyJ1NSHrBakoCBFH1zGhfNFaX1wdP/QlU+mEUV6TzMte+rLYsxiFPt/v66Ym5iOOODIe+5jH1tXTl7/8ZfHEJx1W8uxZlQLFlFv62tcuQTeAt1TfWph8gMfkyM4ZB9jKvAnEyQIrzimDTRlI+ZyIAm/h/wZSz+GZYDzXq0mp8G94YDBWF0dwhR3dYlQCzghuyze16LfK+yliRmN1mVDx3SKcCTcXSUyCAh1CN8lj4lUHGaPX8lRB6pTUZfLQo+LImmfAiMqJVbBQR0adfrE75GdxvIvsvSPpqbuAZ1B3YQYH/Bp63dUerr/p2RXTCx5z5o69B2YxQBpnjBNsl1G/p/QwcHv+CG/57Tz5sKCdK33ULryb0I6NPwb0aAaAV3hReTPurySUUMptDFOmFmOy8IMcdnWXcuVac46rV1BnytX/NWSfWhhbLEUL+kAwhowXY4jxmPMKR8lral7l8noXp4mja4GKTqEH6Bjj0L16OaKnnXZa3VkVx3G0iG83BlS5KrKgjRy3qY8yXt30mHcV8/dLLaZZaJNfO17T8FV8H+pSPxzoocSLbmu2l/yXDsRxfjmwDGQ73cqnPZp59JsNRpd5tUL76jEva5P+zPoF+I/XOZMF4Adf9HPFdw5CLvLo15aGnCs4t+iCZt45diT32GOPjZe85CV1sRU98SxlYEvTUL36JySvxAkg07SbcZ2AvjZlDJ3NvV4t8AVmfTZHOZqb75VzhidC++yHPhlT7rMfaCoYp2RXW/wK7WW5bQmyz7nIY1HO7m8u8ncKW3zGylU4V8KPeamAMXGyAUGGI0Bggg6sClo1tZIDEFk+RpifgWCIltj6oZcHHnRQHPrEQ2NBUTiMWnl7p/XG8486qn7oxkdgvN927VVXV8VOUT3ogQ+qq2fqJLRohD4G2ZZWEi1MLuAkkDPjw7hwTxZMXJkGyIIBnxNIC/csyMnXGMdT47q7t6e+JjF33vzq+OWuG2VuAvOOZn8x1OiR/hJMcEJOeORAPRQ/+bDQRo7EaYMOaeoR+VN26B0gXgCpfwTlXDOeHqcfxdFP+QzILSNLmaxfPm10Fye2PNTAiXKUW+juKfV7P7jcc6wKZhHuSxgt2T3Ll20m7s0AL+NEnoxDn+xbCy1sr5Djxljg/OSY4KzYETTmGe2O/voWidcivNZlh9SRVU4uR5jz6N1ZeTmITr6p15j3bQJXuioX8KUJCcZj6qTUF/IZq/JJF0+nmPc4TxxSTrV0z/SaDxqxtfSFnjH2He+1s8tZpw9TZ6kb0KN24ji/fibFKT640FX0l/zKyYMmTsbAgT4118LZQiHbD13QUH74Zl8mG1SdW/pF56cuREO2KztVWtJpSwFeoEvyg0622OBn0v7mb/6m/vY0h9DpHbjgddozOfd0ApvqA3yETE9ZS8i5ohNQjwB3Mp9OP9p6HcjOt3fJnabwG9kWjb3ugyZo1CloI8dQyiEc8DJlMe1DfOAUovFE+jpZAR30m3zb9eafWdjyPBHY4g6wVaCnP/3pdaeA4FN8GDRZmdLEi1DloHGFPwLDP40/z9IwZLRabcUoK89ZB8dXDY6R+YiNNIbu8hXL4yc//UldiXzqU54SD3/Ew+vRVnVm2RxoLWy7QH5MBibw/JgaWXLsytc5vTvv6BBFC6SRvxxHLUxOSD0yfiznxDy2y9kz5vQZ4kXzptPHGZw1d070zZpZHcTp5TptRl9MnzmjlmvWA+gMuoMsuRfSQc080oR8NnnIk86jYFJVN5wrjiW/OJB6yFW5NKDkc005znwJ8nFix5Rg+Wcne1ye/+e5hRZamDAYi8ayMe7eB/LssAp+w9mHnXw91Txjp5Wh7mNzArvETyflb4o6Pmt8O/HmHcN/+Zd/qadAnHyzi2t3z8fvHF1OnZfA4WSkcmo5mXQGvQIvVw6E+UzQBodaHYx5oJzjxz7OZdfZbpo4H7zx9Woft7Kby9hP/ZY6jbPPCeZAs984una7xUvXjnTHn+GWC8/i4eUn6ZRBD7pszM7749dDJiPgt+A0GXrSz3jDSdDv1N8J+pJ96xTUmzvN+M0hNAexXfCLU4ae6KptOCkzUWj2A3jO/gmb6lOnfSWnZBPuZEUf2W9OP/hOhhMM5A2tOfzoqu/KTaS/8M1AzgV1N/tLfi0UOcUA0gGWJi8c8moMuE9o1i9ecD8ZQX9Sjp/73OdWPUUn+UZJs0+bC2PaYwuCj6yk0vWeWDKL8T4RRLcWwE8ABAyu8CQwBi6BorRTUAwACmaszJhz4khfqaW+C1yP8nWPCX0pUeu5sSgBPzPgaI4vwFoduu66JfUITs1X6pVPXcnkFrZNSD6bxBkoJlrKy7EOBspnP/vZ+hVBK/FkjKwxEshmymkL9zxoeddCCy1sTTC32Jnl+Hn31Stc5ha7JZwTTorfurW76afYOMAM91e84hXVXvOleM9sHM5KOqTqE8cuYfzbXXV1Wol9ZD4Tco5SB0eME8DRBtIZ4Az23J1WRxrfyni2i2VHkYPrGymcco6vtuFknrRAzMHSnvLwZKtxbJX1DrGPjr7rXe+Kt7/97fH5z3++luG0wEFAJ3YYG1W9gvY57/rknrPvOe1XbUxWGxYt2I6cME6p/iTfxUtPSJrrk/tOQLmkPTvW7zVbzEc7CyScYPQmN+yXJt0mQsNsN3mvPQsZ5EV/4CO+CdnPJg02B/A/bTBjrClDZEI8eSHDjiI7yUC+8WUifdVuyh78tZG+iLr1W3+9PmdBivznyY3EL8egsaqMuvBFWbQTB1KG8nmyAhz1S5/yG0po1Cls8d8BxgSIUVCExgCAJMGB/ESQ3RrQZHoKgQAIb6a7z/QcZBSLj12VhPqV16HSz5pPXSX42qsBYjX1K1/+cvz+wgur8NUVyYENdYXOcZukiat6U8AnIzRxy3vXJjTTQbMv4sgDSOUwWfu6NYD8GB+cXwaKI2hW2X0IxIq68eOYPGNl//33rw5wlku5bKGFFlpooYUmmB/YEBxWji9H17FUxrH3+PPdfXYZ28M3J8zFyplvOHycQjtadlacMsl5Rz5lOa+OTpu7OLnqai7eyyufd4Ut8nIKONbSGNzadDQXjoANwKhn1Dp6zZnyc2l+15xhb5dNfU4Wcp45dxw7+HNO057QLjzk54BwiDgC2nWEW374pj3KYeMsoguHTXl5OdA+vmVnD/3grF44gqTHZAI0TP5wwBxlR6dDDjmkOviJrzyZT5xrhk4gaYYvTnySGfKjPnKI7mwYTjgaspvJizKdAn4L6s9++zAbWcNPu6Haw7d08JJn2edOAP7atbCgDnJKxowt44F8wAcuTizkzxJl/k4g8dVHoM/iXPHZT2h+5StfqX13mtDPnln8Mb7sRCvnpINXHoxv9MEDJxz4JBxq/NCvrF97neK7NQH98RP4NoCTIK5kT+gU5y3uADPe/T7lZZddVhVqHgmAYK6KTEaAI0gByAEDCIh7VwKUx3qmT++rKy3yE541q/wmmqM2RZBKuuN/8gyPDMe6tetiUVHA3qE5oAyO+93/fvWjWRSyujDXTyMRVpMHBW3VxgAiyHYEvWfgSInVDyuhBJiDRDiaeMjvWXzGGTAmGKt0yuBFKgnpWYeBjRY5MMQDeUws6lG/cu7RgyLI1dFsTzmTkbz6oI/SxGtDWyDzby+AXhZAKCaGgY9g4YXJHM3xx++cMT7yaA0atdBCCy200MKmwFwrmGs5mOYVczg7Id+BNZdwEDwDTqI5OXdmBXZbOqjqyjo5LuZ585T5Sv2C8tpxD7Rh7s/f6PQRULvG2mQPKpugHDDvsX3YVuZEzpO22Dzq5VxxVDmxnCz4pSMFNzaEZ/ibN32Y1KKyD/dxctWnjHzsEXk4LuZXkLbQt7/97XoSy065NvVVGX1KG2ayzceJO5sKDTid8Of8okcTb/d4kvZa8mxzAd+0qbwFCQ4fGQLiyRo+4Tcaojm7UzntwqMTUFbQF3W5OkXHqcMnTmc64eTWFY7sLnh14nwn3dTvql0ynAsrnEt5pOcpCwsCHE55O+0rUK/+gpRDgQN7/PHHVycQbfPIOVroN7ob56ecckq1+53Mtagj3Wt2HGZ5cgMuQ5O+kw3wj65xmsNXt+kMp1j0q1N8t7gD7At+GEOxWCUkEAhrEExEELY2pGA1IePgnQPAYKLICR3wzq/d35IxpvVNr7+tWL/qqq8b66OEDn7UIXHEkUfGEw97YhxS7vcvzg+FTGmpm0B/5CMfiRNPPLGu6JgMrORxkDH9W9/6Vv1dN6tLHGUrTfAwyHJiIyAAngZ8xnmX5otf/GIt70V9zpeJj5Olfscm8MwL/F7o92U7Z+w5vAY4xaWunEAMum9+85t1FxOeBp8B5fiSASU/PH1oQztWpJSDiwnO+z0WSMiISU3a9gKUC37ov/FBMek/xexq0QN/7QT7CAf+on1C876FFlpooYUWgLnBPMKecG8+Ya/k3CKumSaYq4UEdlo6fc0yAlBf1ikw8AV5PTO+PbMDOAnm+Nx9VZf5L/Fxn84z4JRZHDc3miPZCfL48KiPVWUbaUuqrxnEscvYNexOOLjm4nL2QV75xIFsH7Bt2CxHHHFEddyVSRzlV3ayAZzy5Nh///d/374jyEa0s46GcE87UV/QGq867ZM62CoCGuFLboYAMpJtaQd4hgtIXnQCaeeqI/HwETeLLhYtLLY0eUtugPbzfnMh+5Ftkym2GRtcmr6TG2PJJhebX3vCRPqaNNNG1iOOnOIzh//Vr351vVr4gKP35tGE3W3jzPdlnAZwAoST/P3vf7/GKSOOXKhb0D/tdUqnrQXZd7j5jgG/g8w1T7Z0AlvcAcaYc889t66uOY5AQJKJYCLCsC1BDly0ceX4Jt0oe0KJwQYzZeJdGI4qoUVTSl5eq12pxNC4OUiUpwg/9alP1V1HK1aUuUFhoFip0g7H2HsyHNmsT1t+H9DkZUVWfiu6//Zv/1a/8OeYkOMWdqs51D/96U/r7rTVGCtLVmk40RRirqTaMbZ7/dWvfrWWt0KpfoOtUwG+pwGeUNYUkdUrq6f6LqQC8q64dEfApDfps73QqYUWWmihhbsPOY8054rm89YAdkw6Bea2NNbZJ+Yu9oCdQfO/9CZObBFXNoj88rFR0oFgwLMhOcBsnjTMt4S9sKnyFvk5EnaI4aUvie9ktV3hZtHAhoSNEvaFU2Tss7TH0RqNc/ECP4RO+6Sc8hYSkq/NOJDOlHjpnET3cJgIpC+h3Vyc4BTpq00bm0kWUvSXoyofmem0r0A7+qMuwQKCNtnIjiI7NZCbQSm/2tNup6Bf+iqkDALP+oq/vpLuNQfjjMyiPVsfvvwDm2gcZfY7p5ed7lk+R/xtwKhXW3B1zfvJBvqtX/qB7sYnf8iJlU5laos7wFbtBI7UwQcfXK8EBgPAZCTsnwIMDgrBDjDH0vl9DtEb3vCGKtB2BzmoBFReTqZJwO+rmRAIu/d8CEEODFd5UykYpN4RMEAdB3r9618fRx55ZP1Kt6tB48gPR9Vg8FU1v+Pmd/pe8IIX1PLqdLzFypaBZefXrrEfOj/uuOPiLW95S3131c6u4xaEkcNsN5gjRyHClyJSl/6efPLJ1cH2g+n6kfhvL2DRgIPrCLRJ3uDNycIqIiWFniZ/6clXsL3RqoUWWmihhckJ5iM2nWCOYuel/cFOYGh7Fs8WkF/I+U562oRsBPYDB9Siufd+LZLnLpv6haxjItAsr24gzq4xJxyu8IYb3OGaeE607S0Nuftrx9fP8rzqVa+qNpmfgGJPcIZtpLDLOGbJq4nQMWmWNEEfdXmW5p7dn+2IQ08gvlPIurXjijdZn2+reHXQpg8nWF52a54A6BTUox/sNO06eutL6t5DtePuXps2lmxmWchx8kB+5ToFNE2/aTwd+QzawmMyK00f2ez47dlrAHAlG3bHxcNTHCf90EMPrbLOD0nnHig7Eby3BjR5kMe99cEmEXpPGgfYzp8VJwhRYAx4yCNuCm0LY8JN6Aif1QwMtZrD2QQGEAY7QsSZ5CATAE6jCYLQo2kqlVQ8QJ2CDzpYETRQOM7eS/BegJUxjrPB5Ui0+jm+jkmYbCgMR5M5q3iJZ8rYhaZgONB+EoEyxWdXbXtfxz2H10D0XoaPXnDk4Crot+NNdoMNQE749gT4ZeXQTjjlYxED73ICoZzwxL2FEBNXUyG146eFFlpooYXJAGwIwfwkpF0D2AYc3Ewz/6eNknnNZ+LMi8qpy3PaM+Jc5RMHlAMTmQvvqKy4Jj7uORVsKUeJtd+pob01Ab5sCrbbK1/5yrrzx66weWIhnb2lLxbc2ZVNumefNxeSV2mD5maJ50xLfiWIA/J0Col7ypKAJ+xatiSfw6abHWC7pDZayKDFGGU64V/KJBlgh3/4wx+urwo68cgOt9hwzDHH1H6z5W0A2nnVFju6uUkF1AUyLp+Be/GuGTwbL5mO1hxgbeT79QlseTjoKztc/y0MsNk5xPLzB+DqS/EWnPBPH8m6+tF4PO/+1MAXMQ7RNB1fi2R8Ifxt0ndzYIu7+Qbf6173unjmM595+/uLCIrgqbhaGHOEMJOz6cvQhNpqFRplEMdRlI75aCgQcgpPOnB11FidAiGWjwNsBZBicCyZ4Esj6AaUHV27kQaC3XqDIIN6KEurLQa65xzUeKw+dQvyG1iObiee8hlEqXTEaZ+jTznBIY8YCdsLGA/54Q0KNScDtBIc4UFzk5lFB3xCn04HeAsttNBCCy1sDUhbIW0785Q5zVwmzZwv3TwmLecxVzZA7gDnPCe4z/kw79XPCGZHuFf3RKBpdyRegjg2TOLnXhw7LefqyQZoyJZiZznCjT5oBn82mZOF+iA+843nx+aCOtSf0KQnOqk3bUH895xtTgQS52wr5YQDzC61aWARwE97ce68D/uhD30oPvrRj1bHMGUVXkkT93AF4rKNtFnJGjvXiUa/ie0nTb2698EPfrB+5+ad73xn/dia38/2/ZwXvehFddf1Yx/7WN11ZdOpK+vVFpvdPVB/OnjwA4kHGgvuxQnysw3z1KUP4ionnrPL7kcTebXDVre55lQn3BwbxqOmDGTd+TzZAA3IHDrB0zcF8vXBieiCLe4A28E8+uijqxBagQIQxCCItzAGKaCE164qRnJ6UuECg5OQElZxBpOvn/3nf/5nPdpscDv+QjDkQef86IEVL4OW82whIt/tlZcSpDQdhzCAtCleee2kcvNsMDlOwsH2LM3gg7/VLQGo030OKleDzyqcFUjBOxKOctvl5ASqB67bE6CbXXL0wnsKy9XX+SwOeK9DHi/2y4c+7bhpoYUWWmhhsgF7gNPlmnOV+YsNwOhnN7BR3EsXLx3Iy6YQ2C/mxLRRcs7zLH/W2Sy7JUHdabewjQSQ9pjntMMmG8ApcUNngKb648oOtOlgYR395NVPYaKgTfxiu6JR0kcc3mnLFS5NunYKTbxTHjxrF69sGMHFqUOv/P3Zn/1ZdYQ5r+xm356RhyOVG0IpU8oD6TZ7XOHLJuNAc3jZtO94xzvqLvATn/jEumnFRmaPe4XQu9jHHnts/MM//EOV/Y9//OP1o1M2kdjm+EPOBfcCHPAJoFvKofhMFwBc2fZ2fV29Lqdf3kH2LR8nPuEO+Fz6CA99SVtbWxmvXm02+ZJtTSZIvqMNPuGJTUD3KQ+dwBZ3gDk3nCpHoZPh6bWnoLXwh5UrwohGrhhJGCmNVBiUByYTZgJrNUneVCwGUtJVnMnIwDAw5ZPfvWMD6rRqZDC4B9r2bFcZiE++qYdTy1kVx1lzb2eYIsh88IaDQSU0wWB0pNd7yI5Te5ZHGfjlitf2AvprRc7RDe/sfO5zn6tf6HakxuIGBep97KOOOup2OqOx8ZM8a6GFFlpooYU/NTCqzeMgDec0qNkP7AW7c+wS81fTSZYvQVoauFmP54xzTecgbaetBdrINu38wh1OiddkAzSFKyfXB4KSVuwzNgab3AYIewI07YnJ2qdOQL/ZwPpE9rzz/NKXvrQ6wWwqm0F+aeWf/umfqkMsP9/EAo1yZApNlLX5wFazyaQM2wwNbey9+MUvrqcqlUFn9LeJZfdXPu8C+8aOHWAnI3041m9bv/GNb6z1aZMt76o95bUN7/FyLc74kgfIz+5nzzvmznb3DR+70BxzP3lk19+rkmQXr9NWh2/6EeL021W88Zpta2MyAlrDlQ9hwUG/+SQT0QVb/B1gqx1WQjg5fsaFg4aBkBQI3fYChJfzamePYkITzigBI5jSCLP3Qb2k7oNQtvXFKZvCb7XDwPGyt0+eO7JMyO0SEnIrIeju/QTHM37wgx/cPuHY5ZXH8RArY+LU68o5tlBBqLwvYKdYe4mXnd/8UW/vOnBg4cJ5cwQkByWeGkx2eZWFn9VGSoaiMDif//zn3/6j85SydDhJn4gA39NAX/GBYvQOsN1fu+QWJihYP7/gfQ0KDi3JSY6b7WnstNBCCy20MLmhOS+xKcbPUZ5zfs901wT30jOueW3mdb2j+xbGgCNgo8EpQU4Oh8xpO3FOl/mwKbuMrccZQlshnedtAchROnLsWM4dYLtyFn2PSJxv07DHxbGz5EeXlDe2mO/dOO78ne98p9rJaOfVTnayfOrh27jnMKvLxgZb34exnHbk//iQrQUg9bLz2L3seLY2G1t8s20BT9JGl+baTAfatLOtTxaZ2JT8AY43Bx2eTljyOeDp2LNdY3XDHU4+tMvmVDfINvJ5sgHcyLaj7HhjVz1/KSXpsrmwRRxgzEqw+2sVBHOsQmAMJgpgshJ3SwOaEDaDxyDCME6iDxEQfAM0FwasyHAKOcfSOT4GixfdDWjlfLrcB6We8pSnVKHNL58RZoHDSxAoO4PPoDdoCUl+VInjmvxQLx4ZIJxgX1tUBj55NFn7BpqX/A0ueHGytWtgqysHqhf/Od8cOzjCCc7q816GOrULPwKs746QGMCgUwG+pwGHFm3RwoqsF/kd1/EOdnMwow86kwk0ROdUUC200EILLbTQQgtsAnYcG8xGCAePncYWt1tmo+G5z31utfHYEWwzZXL3kn2xrUDa1UAfBfa2HV32MztWv20M2THnPLKxbBKxb3006nvf+149VuznpDi2L3vZy+I5z3lO3azhTKb9rB5toamNHXltFjnF58vQnF3vX7NzvbPKpreRZcMLv9SjLJsw8XSf+LP30uYTAH7JI55N7TVTH7f1gSvv+dpkyk00uKbzz9YXB2f+A1+APOg7HASQ9ulklQn4kW9yzgfSb/1By06gIwe4yZAknoBwVqDs/BE2DhjBkDfzbEuD7c4ALYBjF47/GhBWXR71qEfVQQcIaNKSA4x2GMzxxGCDBR3RzbsLhJWjxPEkzMBgEU/orSpZ+Tv77LOrYykvwfB1Zu8puDfwP/CBD9TdXLvIjmE4NkFRSleXFUIrYHAwgAxiAxbkD2tTKFa8OOdw1z91WIFy9MSxG3Woz9eeXQE8yId+Gqy5KrW9LIyYfNBcf/MdDPzMBQJ0Rg8yYbVLoLTSCc5x10ILLWwKOjjWN7pxXG28ZA2uGYDkrpI3/0a7yrzWNVTCyB+FkXHPo13FUPp/gsrKuDY/NsLIuOc7CopOKUjVKjYzjP3XQgstbCvAHmRrsxc5Yb6GzNa0qG73z0I7GyztbzZG0/7cVoCNxLbUJ/1jO2X/2FdsLY4Tu5atxcllu37961+vwTu1dnHZsI47c3zt5MqvLvaY+tlv6tMe0IZ4jrRNII4pe/6rX/1qtb/xh23s1TabVRYrbBBJ8yFaR5k5qernXCdf0sFOR9izPNkmUHc6t3ASj8/yimeno0VCHvEmD1lv2t/jnycL6Av6AvazjUU+jp/90pdOoWMHeFPgyCwnyxFZDjCBQEwdUA6DtgdIQfIBAsdc9dtAopwoqqQJIPCcIUeOOZjyp5NEeXGOHHO2ikSp2TmUZmDIx6nkbHqP1G6zuqyMUHqEQ/3ycIwNOs4p/nBMKQMDymphHqPmbKuPI2wXnwNsIBlEjoecdNJJ1Tn3FWntGeQE8uUvf3kVyGzPTi9n388r6QNcHaHm4Bt84vMIxp3J1LYElBRa6m8eU7eIQBY8o4XJiby44g1l1lTkLbTQwnjgDY6U4LqZoXiEXaNFB23881wdzbwad3XsjYXbR2EpOhqc3eIAj/sbc5nvKqipswXhxLQj6LhgCy20MFmBXclxS6fXKT07fXY9OT3sRbaEkDaX67YE2S+2E3tTn9NRFceOYmdxnjipNmA4wmxZzrGfC/ULNk7lsddtKrF71Ssk7ThjbLOkXzquwLFqfGALO9HJ5mZb+91gm0T441VGO7bs5E996lMVVzY73PHKlU0o3r12XROaPMz7xE+coM+AvQkyvpmvGd9Mn2yQvo5dehuJ/Cg72Db+ku6dQFcRijEqbQYk4SA1Plj1OPnkk6tjRYg4PgSIECKsPNsD6KcBJ1jdcRzCAMsd8cxDyA1KTq+jE1afcnXGoMJoAiwNow1aV7RUt/KOOdtVtZplZcnRDl+is3plMHFOHb/gRHs2ADnTFieUhwfHm4PMeZZHmsGrfbgY8AIH1hF3bcLDkWZ4en/ZMRvHLTxz/DnAVs7IAdAW5xuOaGAHGB7bG6AD3qXCyThygHYGunuBogLyg8monFpo4U8PZV7hAHcCo2Ucjmx0RMtwNEOVqHodGRue1WesO64bQ4Vyrbu9U8a3u7HQJqGRvnH8by7AAT6dgL610EIL2w6wH9gOTXtBXNoLbDd2uDyATcfuE7ZFm6JJD3ZU9pW9hRb6zCdxIs/mjy8824E97rjjqlPKVvbeNFtMPWziJp3UBZq2fN6PBxscNpV8pTm/uePjXDaMPL///e+veNrAytOh8IdnOq8tjNE47Wabc2iEXndG+7uCLe4AS2sa6wTINZ02ebYHQAN9JdgGUCog4D6VE/oA+aWn0Is3UNyrI+lrwLqipzLSOK2cXCtZjnB885vfrIPXh6dyl5HAyKuMdtUtDW6epVld8cx51UY663DVnitFIC1Bumdl1Z3P6jPw1a2eLKMOuHjmZCtDQW0voL94q/94i16gqZTFJT0zD7oB6S200MJ4KPplIg7w8B8c4OoEC+V2vANcmxlTZfW+5puA/egIdSfQOsAttNDCeGBXCGwHwKbIuLT/gPvtEdCBjcuOQhv3No/8bJGPkr773e+uu7U2k971rndVGxWtLBh0AupPG9vJRx/I8o6xD1D5OCwb3E8l2Tj01Wgbh+w9ZdiA0lv4A+CfDT4bgvyK3AHudKFgiy/9YBxHjEEPDDhxaehvL6C/hN4VLTiu6WA2lVLu8uUCQdPBQTuOj3zq8Sw083B+/YSROpz1d7UrK18ef9aGnXjPgkEtPtsFeKYNaQahYxycXU65nevEMx1w7drZ1g6HVnCvntzxd1TbCo14/UAH9wa1Ot2nnGwvgMeUKdqiEZomH9A4x4kBjY4pQ/I2+d5CCy1sIbgTR9JozPAHUGAscETryetOQtGjU2L4LsLQHYauktZCCy200AS2QtqRgnv2hXtpaW9sz5A2VgK7i72V9qsvanOw/DJL2uidgrLsXTafY9FvfvOb49///d/jz//8z+tpSXYfOxlOgvbSJp5Iu9saoEvSxmLBhz70ofqhMu9Pj+fn5sAWd4AdHfD7TL48zEkiWAYc4eIAbi+QAg1SIaWAp1Jyz8kxONIhRS9BnHzyAFfl5cu6CAN6o7XfGnvb295W3zMwcKyOcDrdC8opo07P2gDiPHPI5JEuLoPnzKdM1mNQc6rdK6u9vGb+vKoDztmufiYena6stdBCCy38EYwWndNJqO7tH5zaDEVb3x7uKD1DdYI7CuW/0eIJ32mQ5w7CH2GweaGFFlpoYXsGdimbWmCTenZiMW3S3IEFbNeJAv8HOGbt2zteLdS2Nr32yPFmP6fdDA+2dgtjkH4En8bronwer9raDU5fphPYYg4wZg4Vh8wL33/9139dnWArKAAjIU6otjdAF/2349l0IN1zfoHnZLCrMpxE6U3mpiOJlnZi3XuH1sqS3/3yc0NWlt73vvfV+2bZrFfI9hKabbfQQgst/Cnhjpy2uw7pqnYSwP9b4x2FsdzjQ+eQ7ncn4Q4jNxGK5q9/9bmFFlpoYTuFpq3LHmYnC/wTzyBfQRtvK3cC6lRfngL1yzA2B9UPF98HcoISpI2vzcSlhTHg96AfXqET+jixOhHo2AHWuIBRiQwGc4I92yF03NZ9plvVaGHLAXo69uyT90cccUT9vV4fvvLlZrQ3qAw0PEl+CS200EILkxFop9yYvaswUnILf4jrKs9loqTnGBCNMFSMjQ3FwMk0V3HuyyQWI6MjMTTI6CmTbLmuX7+uxg0ODZbr2McKh4eHYriku6+41vhiNHUNlpl0qNSz8Sp0/yGMThmMweG10T+wqhE3UNrvL0aXL0g7zTNc2ippXWWuLM+l6hq3evWamseXOoa0W9KHh8eO6sEjDbQ0mIZKHYwE12a87w4IuRPRQgsttLA9QupFQDemA8xeTmeUE+r1PTa25/xWTydA53Ku0+F15NnGlU0uQVv0dW4Qps5udfUfAxrlQoGNRLyxsZjzcScwIQc4GYRhycjctXSMIB3gnHyltzBxSDpjPLrm4GL45LOQ+ZIH8rtvoYUWWtiakM4YPZQTlKvAeRMv3QKdhVNzCB1GT3H01pR4xsjaMuENl/jh4oz6XuNAcUjLjFPj1pdy60pd1THc6DRyIjOOoyhO2FB04+o1a2o8h3agtC+feLhUfIuDCwd1Dxbnszqd5b5cigNbHONSNzw8F4TL7Fl0Kcc7OMklRHFgfRG6hJFReKwuba4omYeie+qUmNo7teSF14bSfn+5cmxHVFH18pTi3Naq6//lWuLo8IqTvKU/YwljtEI3VzT0HQgfQkyDTn366dl9zstp+LXQQgstbE9AFwoJdCfgSNGNns0Fnr3ex1Hl17Crcw7bXDDH+agsh02ddLE2xNHbea/t1PXKjMd1ewe0QKsmL9BUENcpdOQNYRIkmkxKJ5jja1saM6XJlwxtna8tA2idtDRYvTuA7oTBQHZl8Aj4APBBmdYAaqGFFrYm0PXmCPOBexNUxtE/9JM0+sg9HUY/ZZmp3VNj1sxZMbd+V6CvlvEnf+9Uhkr+RMS06Cs6znOda0r5qVN7Ytr0adWRXt+/vsaZoejFMYOmGBklb1fdaY3qRHOCh4u3O6XU3V8m2enmsGKsmGaHio3kU1UxpbveD5T/hktB93ZjpxT9OmxXtuA4VFTrhuL4rh8ejP5yHegajfUjxckvdY6gxdTuWC+9uMoj5b6r4N/d0xcjXd2l/uKcdk8rKd3lueBYQld3b/T2lbl02sxyX/rZ3RNDfq+45OubNTdmOP5VaNI3c2Ys3nHHmL9oYXGye2N96fvSG2+MFStX1F3voeJkFwrF6JSC4MZ5o4UWWmhhewPzhPnENQMbmQ1tV9ZvzNpVNNeYt8wzTrOypTsBdXN8zW3e9+X0mvPsLrtaxPTRWvOeNrSnXTim7d7CmM+DPmjpy89PfepT48gjj4zddtutpnUKmz0bEhjMFNw3gdD40e1XvvKVcfDBB9dnyDFwMFuZFiYO6G6gJG0Zd66eBXQHSW/P0pN3LbTQQgtbC+gmq9r0jpCLoKmfTPYZ6CV56KaM2zA0UINd2v4N5TrkVwTGHNa6ezs8FIMlyGundt36/rorqm7PprXeadNjRnGixXOCu4oDWx7qMxXouac60DOKw9xXy9nhXblmXal7JFasWVvDYHGMR9RdHOfunt5SdXFktVP6ZLdZ2nBRt6P6oK8Fyf6CLxy7S9+m982IAU7v0IZY07+utjG1OLJTSn2l4/Uo9gbHoAtqQ8WR7y/GD6e1vzixHHO73voF7GgPlbyAHh877TO2uAAsEnDXe3t7iiG3oBpu3d0Fr5K35pFtY94WWmihhe0NUpfmfGP+cazWh6g4o04nmaucqMlFWWVSx3YCyvN/bAzSyc1NQfF+ccVpWY4vnDh6iWcLY5D0R8N99923fkn7DW94Q6WVk2KdwmY7wBiTYTxAknf+4he/uDrAhAezAUFrYcsB+qejm8Jh8GRcXg0qATTTW2ihhRa2BtBHnDNHch1bsrpO/1vRNh9wjsVn3tRJyrjvmdpTd3p7i8NJZzFM1qxbEytXryqO5+DtRoIjy/0D/WM7vkXHrS4Oa303tsw7jjdrw9UuL6jv2BbQJgNEuiPR3VO7o29mX/RMs+PaF7cuXxW/Of2suOTyK6O7OMmc2gHnoYvzO7Xk4dh2FcfS4eX+UuXq0pVVG0ZicHRq9I/0xGBXKTOlL/pHe2OkZ2aMTJ1VyvfEbetGYu1gcdq7emPNcHfcum4w1m4oOG4YitXrB0pdxdme0lPC1BjtLs52ocPagaFYtmJV3FYc81GOc2+vg9Z1d7prSlfJUvIXz9YiwYbiDHPMOejTi1PfXcqjRT32Xa784/rOcwsttNDCdgZpM6fv4t5c4tncw042P3k2N5ivhC1lN6tXUJ+gbvXme8fmubynr9Oub2EMcjECXH311bF06dLKr/zlmU6g+13vete7N97fbRgvRO4hQoAgdfrpp9f4nXbaqTKasSHYqWxh4oDezQHpOUPyI69CDjj3LbTQQgtbE+j6a665pv5MgZ8s2GuvvercYHL/1a9+Feeff341MBxJNm/QTb6Mee6558aq1aujb9bM4mR2x4pVK+Lc3/42zjjzzLi61GfSc1xs2c3Lomu0K/qKY72mOL0MhbPPPSeuvPKqenx5oBgzl152WTEw/ARcbz12tvSGG2LJ9UurcbFi+fJqfMydM5fyLPgOVyfXceaRrilx3u8viv/676/WXdr9Djgg1m/ojyVLbyo4XBs333JLqW999JS5bHrfmHO8qjip115/Qyy96ea48trrizM+HNP6iuPL4ywO7VDBdWXB8+JLr4jlK1fFhqGR4syvi5mzZsWMgt/U4kz3D4y9K91XnHk4lf9qPLArTJ/P7Bs7hscsqud4Sn7vSIPpxVGfWnV8iS70T12vXDXi7ICXOLvBUzamtdBCCy1sT5B6kTOVNrT5wVxlTvIxWT8t+vvf/z5e9rKX1R3HzDdRSHtcUKdgMfikk06qx6OPOuqo251ic2JzcXh7h+SbRQK8ccr4tNNOi8c85jH1WDS6dQIdOcCQwZxkJvDMyPn1r38db3nLW+r9YYcdVhGTRuDsAmT+FrYeJI2TPxlaaKGFFrY20PVXXHFFfPrTn45LLrkkHvWoR9W4Cy64IL7yla/EGWecUeeH+9///rfrpksvvTSOP/74+t7unvfeK37xi1/Ef/3Xl+NDxx0X//WFL8SvTj01zjnnnLj88svj7LPPKU7mhnjggx5YDYRf/vKX8Y8f+Mf48Y9/Uh3Uiy66OL7xzW/WBdgddtgxTj/j9PqzfL8rzvQlpZ3f/u53tdx99tmnfoRqw4aBcrWb2l0dyl/86rT42S9OiQc88EGxd8lz1dXXxmmnnx7nnXd+KX95XHHZlcU57okdd9yh7qheufS2OOuc8+O3510Up515Ttx866riAM+OGTNnljqnxvU3rYzfXXBJ6cNZsfTGW0u4LZaVPHvtuU/Mnj6l7kxfe/2NcfW115X2ywR/4UVxxZVXx6q162L6jFkxa/ZM3nncvHxlXHjxpfH7iy6Jm25aFsOD/aWPO9cdc/RFE0bcQOnPdUuujduKo2/3207xFEe3y5/FCY5yCy200ML2BmkHp3PpmQP8wx/+sC7CcoAvuuiiOs+84AUvqJt26YRm2c2F8b5SEzh0p5a57brrrouXvOQl9R1k+SyG8p06bXNbBIsC6MKO+I//+I8613kXeNddd72dR5sLHZUy2UIkAYNzxSLP0Fup92EmRwukOQbXQgsttNDCtg0WOv08mwncxG5OELdq1ao6L9gdPu+88+o8YeJyle+nP/1p3HDDDdUo+F1xUu3WHlKc5ze99a3x4Q9/OI499tha58UXXzy2u1ycQMbLqb85tdS9Og466MExa9bsuGnZspLnkvol6b4+v8E+JxbMXxC7736v+q7VTTfeFGedfXasWLmqbqfOnDmjOKy9dWf2pluWx9XXLYmdd9s9Hv7Ig2OgzHNnnXNunHbGWWW27I7+DYNxpuezzoqbbl4Rt61YG6f86sw497cXxWVXXBfnXXBp/Oo3Z5UyF8TSm5bHmv6BuOjiK+PU084ujutlce2SG+Psc8+PXxYn+6prlhSja011Us866+z47ne/Fyee+PX4+Mc/Ecd96N9Kn/+9OOvnFRS76s8h/fxnp9S0j33s4/H5z38hPvWpT9d31U79za/jta97bTz0IQ+Jpz3lKfGWY98UL3/py+Mv3vLW+HjJ+8tTfjX2Ttvg8O1fmt48sOecoYUWWmjhngucynSY+CwWY+urMxudTj4L34WfY24S5JsIKK++9J2y3mzDTnD6VBy7PJLdwh8D3vEnvTudVzzrFDpzmwtgaK5OuMc0KygYx/hJrzw/0ATZdjWjhRZaaGHbBvOBiWmPPfaoz+YFR6FvueWW+u6u+YHjauIS5PfsiLT0669fWpzGi+oRaavibzn2LfHUJz+1/r75X/7VX8ZBD35wXL/0hrj62muLA8oJXRkvf8Ur4uMf/Ui86Y1vjMMPP6w4vPPi1uW3xqpS7/73v1+8sjiIR73i6Dj0ac+MXfbZLy5fckNcd9PNsWadd4YrmsXh5nifHxdecF4cuP9+scduu8bygvd5554TXcND8aQnPC6eeuRh8eCDHhBXXGYn+dwYGuyPvXfqjac84aB42mFHxguf9YK41877xMXFEV5961UxZ8qamNe7Kh68z75x1JOfFoc+5vCYMtoTl15/cawfWh1zBkZixtrBWOzI8/Llsf+iRfGQve8VB+y8IJ58yEPi4fveK4ZuWxqnnfzt+Pn/fiV6B2+NQw8+IHZcMD3Ou3JFDK4bje4NXTF8zZUx7aYbY+q118TuxZGftXowlp57Say6dlXsvXjvuNeiXWP6YE/0DJQpf7TMw83gqPYfhSY0nd/WAW6hhRbuucDJNN+kA8z55PxyQM09jtPyWVw9m58m6rtkWc5uPaFTHFt+koVeQdu+Cu24NXz4SzYMtdvCHwBt0A59vPcruE+eNsPdhY4c4GYD7nNlI1curNxjJmQJUyLVOsAttNBCC9s2dJW/2TNmx30PuF8su21NXLt6INbM3iFumbtLzH7wo2N0vwfE0tkL45TrronLiwN51epl8bWffDemzuqOPQ7YJdbednP8+KT/jfN/e049grxg8eJY1r8muufNjZm77B67HHBgLBscifOuXRpL1gzGTesjFux+nzLHRDVa9tt3rxgZHYglN10T3TO7Y2juzFg9rScu7h+O36/aELf2LYzheTvH4nvtGX5yyRFhU9PgwPo464zT4sorLo37Fwd4dGBDrLz55rjuisvjfvvdJx76oPvHIx9yUBxRHOw1a1bG6af/plg1A/H4Rx4QTz304XHkoY+Ipz7p8bHz4t3j+muWRk/XQMydHnHgfXaOwx4t7VGx3332rL/ne9MtN8bVS66uhk7vlO6YO6Mv7r3nnvHM5z473vTmN8W73/nOeOpTjox5C+fH6lUr4/cXnB877rA4jjnmNfHSl74kXvnKV9T3pb/3ve/GAQfeN77wxS/Gr3/z6zjxG1+Pt/7lX8TRr35VzJ0/N6ZM9cGwvhgZKqiWTk7pbufgFlpoYfsDPggniq+Sz5wnTiifhS7miLryX/KnRbfE5l22pR2noJYvX17bzV1fR5+16Tk3DTs91rstAp6hF94sWrQoDj/88Hj0ox9dv6qdp46Tt01/M8OmoCMKJ2PS8QUYZtXEb2ntvPPOdQc4kWkKXQsttNBCC9sujE1AJvXFMVCmmCuuWRKnn3tenPSzU6K/PM/baee4uThvp555ZixftzauX7Y0Lr780pi346yYM3dWzCqT3F577hEPfOADYsHCBfUDTvNmz6u/+atuH75av259rFyxMhYtWBBdoyOxS5lz1vdvKHl6a/6enqlx6SWXRNdIyb9qdZz84x/FL37+8zj3nLPj2quvjj3vtXvM6O2OWTOnx/DgUGzYMBg333pbfb9obpnH7r33XjGttydmz5oRt95yS/Q4ZlXq8o7wvGIkDQ0OxpkF/+uvvz6G+4fi5B/+OE782lfjJz8+Ka668oJS79RYvGjnGB715espcc2Sq+L0kv9HP/lxXHL5JTFv/m4xe+5OMdw7Nfp7psXywdlxyZK1cenVq+K6ZcPRM/teMXvxLrF2oDcuu2Z9fOO7p8e1N4zEXvs+NqZO2yMW7rRXPPrZT4/rh9bHyOK5ETsujNhpUcy/334R5fnGwbUlrIkd9t89dixhaEaZq2cMx1DPwB9v9lbbwIJ2M4yHNCDy2kILLbRwzwN+CIfI5lw6R5xRH+/1ISobeH4H2E/teOa7AI6pDT67teKzHlfxQN50ttK5lV4/vLhiRf241j//8z/Hc5/73PjYxz4WN998c/WZ+Et8Km2nvzQ2z62pdbVQZp5C11wUwBuvRL3jHe+Ie93rXnVBIXmZ0Ly/M+h4iQEiGJwrGFZJbEkfeOCBccwxx9TjalbjM72FFlpooYVtH+yozpndF/fd/97xyIceFFOGNsTyG26MZVddF4896BHxpIc/PnaesTiuPveqWDA6P7qW98T0tTPixYe/Ih6216MiVheDY/lg7DZ751jQMzOmlylkTgm9q4Zi8ei02HnqzNgxpkXf6v7YpWs0um9aHguHu2Lt6jXVGZ45va/4gosjBgajz6RZDJS1y1fG6jJRTitO3MJi4MycNq0YMhtKQyMxtGEgbrxxWZx1xhmxfu3aOOTgg2PPPfYojnQUZ3dO/aryqpUra99GhkdLG6P1S9NrVq2K3qk90b+qP37+45/Fz07+cZx37hnFYb46ZvZFzJ65IIYGugteg3HhJRfEWeecERdcfEGMThkuk/hBMXvOglg+vCY29BZDafZwnHnp6fE37/2LOPoNL4lXv+mV8c2TvherB5ZHTO+PNUM3x2jv2uidVQy3nrUx0tUf169cFt//xU/jwmuuijWDG2L16Ia4ec2t8ZXvfj0+9tmPxX0femA85TlPidGeoVg9uDLWjayJ9UP6cVcO7x1B6/y20EIL92xwpJlzxMEE6TjZdfWzfRzWpz/96fGqV72qOqe+W5H5OGB2HO3U5vFkV/HpBKuXI+t1H1flOMwf/OAH42lPe1p85zvfqR9/fPKTnxz3uc99ahm/A2zjkONr11ld6nHfwhgkj/iTFhQyDp3wxH0z3F2Y8B47BJrC5L2tQw89tP4ecL6cLJ1gZb4WWmihhRa2TTAPTO2bHrvttWc84fAnxVXXXBPXXHdtcYrnxIMPemA85AH7xP773Dcu+O1F8btzLowzTj03ZvUtiBe/4KWxeIfFMWX6rLht3YZYcvNt0V8czttWrYshc9rUrugvxoGfK+ou3unee/t5peHYMLA+ZpT25s6aXRzY/urU3rR0aey6884xbUp3LJ4zL172ghfGy1/wgnjsIx4We+22c/zq5z+PG5YsiYH+9TG1OOyXXXZZfO+73437HXjfePYznxnTeqcWQ2QohuqHo/wkUTF06nHiaXX3d/mtt5UJuSd23GHHWDB/hzjyiYfHq175vHjRUU+LQx//sLjgvDPikouujOm9fbH7brvH4x57cDz72U+N57/w2fHAg+4fl1y2NE741g9j6dqlMTJzMA48eI94z3F/Hf/4r++I9/zr22LX/efHp7/04bj25kviljVXxpS+NTE6dWWs7b8+ZswYihtXXBeD03tj2qK5sbZ7ONZMHYrrlt8c3zv5h/HJL30+ehbOiWPe/Ma4z777xLoojv7U0dLP7pjSnU7v3QkA4ZuhhRZaaOGeB3Ve2ugA57cn3Psw4v777193af1agF8w4PxytvJDVDb85HUVxgP/RpDHxt9uu+1W40855ZT40Ic+FJ/97GfrTqVdS/cPf/jD65emv/jFL9af8+Hs2jXmBKczrb4WxgCvLCgANP7CF74Qn/nMZ+r3RRxbT964bg5M2AEG6dxCcEkxKr75zW/WT3tjZAoaQWod4BZaaKGFbRto+Q1TinHRNy3uVRywK667LpbccEM85nGPjQWLp8fsubPiYQ97RMyeNT9+8P2T4/TfnBMPefAjYo89dy8TUk8s3H33WLjL7rH01pWxcu1AzJo/o76/2j8yJa5den1cU+aYGbNmxMMe8YjYUOaYGTOnx7r+tbF27bra+IpiaNx28y3xwPseGDOnTS9+c1fsOG9+7DB3fjzswH3i8McfHP2rVsXaYvAMef9r1Yo47dRfx1XF8HnsYx5TnPSDYnpPT8ya0Vcc2N6YO3t2bFi3rrp/dcIcHam/0bvXve4VM4qxM6dvbjz+kY+Jwx7/kHjso+4fhx360BgcuC3WrFhV8k+NOTNnl77tELvvuSj23X+PWLjD7Ljm6lti6Q3rizO/sDjYs6J76qI4cP9HFIf1AbHvvR8al110Swytmx0zuneLneccELOn3CvW3tQb62+ZEdNGFkTf4G6x/Kad44ZrF8ZNSxaWVhZH18h+ceXls+Pmm3aJgx7w4tjzXk+IwaHe6B6eHX1dC2J0eGb0Du9QLIjhTYRicAl/5AC30EILLWwbkCdSOUr8Fju4fi7vcY97XNzvfvervst73vOeOO644+rP7nnflN/COXW1I9z8YrM4ji2n1/vCgBN744031vLq++hHP1pPxx555JH1JwHtNPvZpa9//evxta99rb7/6+d87HBy6HwQEl5ZXwtjYCcdfdD2ve99b6Wre5DObzPcHZiQA4xJAiEgTITET1T4jabvf//7f3Qm3rVd0WihhRZa2LaBml+1PIpj2R2Dq8scMTg91i5bGw+5z4Exa6jMGyVu3x12ivvtultcde45seraa+OgPfeOwZuKkbFmOG5bOCd2edwhceXUkfj4j/4nvnLmuXHi2WfHOz/3sfjLf/vHOOXKC2KXhx4QsdPsmL77gnjQkw6J31x8bqwuk+PNy26OU372s+Kc7hH77rFXDK7vjzXFGb7ywgtjeXHCr7/mhjjr1HNjZk937L7zjjFzxrS46LzfxjdOOKG+e3zgAftHT3dXmbtGYqB/oP5E0uJioGzoXx/Li+Gy/NZb4vLLLou+6dPi4Ec+sjjG6+Pi314Qt9x0c5mEfVF0edx043UxPLQ++qbNilKsOMNl/ovh4lIOxuxiKC1cOK8YNzNit932jIENozE80l0m9vWxas1A3HzbmuIQT42rr7ou1hfnf3BgJHZcvEspPzWWLrkxVixfWXDrjvlz58SGgcE44ghfpV4Qa9cNxqm/PifOPPOM+t7yE57w2Fgwf7Tk904ZHEbitlv7y3z9x1/MbJ3dFlpoYXsA+i7fs81njhMH9IlPfGL81V/9Vbz1rW+tu7N+ko8T/D//8z91U6/5KidfxnPGNf0adfouhJ/p857vl7/85Xj5y19eNwTtWvo5ule/+tU17nvf+1516PLDTpxou9GOWKszd59bGKN50gbPOMM2V/2iBJpLb4a7C93vete73r3xfrOA45teN0GwekG4fv7zn8fPigHiCMBRRx1VGQlBzE2Ba6GFFlpoYdsE009X0fNTuyOuufbmWHLd0rj2uuvj8CcdHjssWhjzZ3XFrL5psW752rjskktjXrl/8QtfFDsunB8xrydumTIcu91rz7j00kviPz/7mfjfk06K3/327Pjpd78Xy6+7Jh7wsIfFi8vcsu9e+4SPGi9bdlN8+pOfjOsuu6p+xOrkH/5vPOpRh8ShT3h8rFqxMr7zPyfV41LnXXRFXHrxZXHmGWfGzosXxmMOfnjMmdUbP//JT+OEb347nvGMZ8Rzn/ucMpdNjXXr19d3gB19XrlqZVxz1dX1w1uXXHJJ/G8xikbLvPbSF7+kOMb98f1vfCvOO/+8OPei0+rvF//iN6fFFZdfGa94yeujt7unxP02vvW/X4pLL7skfnXmOfHLX/4ydtvj4fGg+983Djlwl+jtGo2f/+hnsb7gesPV18bPf3ByXH3xpfHohzwiDn/ME2K0OMKn/fyXpX9XxqypfRHrh+L0X/w6vv2rk+I1Rx0W977XLjG88rb46Q9OiBO//Ml41rMOjWOPfU1x4Ptjeu9AoXVP9E1ZU3BZW9paUVzxqcXlLcbbKMNNYDTU/+uffzX80fr47ZEttNBCC/dIsEnXPP7MH+HL2KG1E3zAAQfEfvvtVx1VR5M5sj52KI93djmr3vnl13gXlV8jqIvjy/f5yEc+Uj/SpK5vfOMb8bznPa/m/9a3vnW7Q62NN7zhDfEXf/EX8aIXvah+zAle6VPZPORTbY4zty0DflkscHVU/fOf/3z90PKLX/ziSit86QQ22wGGAGY2HVlHnT37mtoZZ5xRjYC99967busn5Be8WmihhRZauGdDGhB+gsDEZE4wYTu+ddnV18SXliyL365eE9f2TomRvXeJxY+8f4zstbA8D8dpN18Zy+Z2x5R958aCQ/aJ/Z7xsJj+oF3jhjnr4rfrro2FfbvWI86OpB3x5MPjMY95dOx3n33ikMc9Lo5+7WvimFe/ujh9u0fPaFf0dXXHbrvuHPcp882cWXNi1epVMbh+TTz/qOfHAx98UHQPD8V1190QJ//oh7F6zYa4pRg269asiZcc9bzYadG8mD93epx75hmxdNnyePnLXxb3uffe1eldXXCf792i8rdHMU5WLL+tGDhL6vu/jrAd9MAHxtOe9tQYHBiIay66LM6/4Lw49Zyf1v5PmzU3dli8KJ79jJfE1ILfOeecHf/9jU/F7y+8MM664JLisN8cjzvsJXHII+8XuxY6LLtpWXzv29+Js886K3568k/iovN/Xz/o9WevOSYO2H//mLegL+bNmh+D/Rvql0SvvPzy0s81sdsjD47nPOWwWDSrO4b7B+JXv/51XHzRhXHYE58Yj3/co2NgaKQYBxti2rTemNE9XObfYkwNrImRqTPG3NnyHx6OBe5tzs9pdI13gFtooYUW7pmQuo4z+we9Nxb4J+YvvgyH9sEPfnA84QlPqE6pRc/zzjuvzkc+uMTZsunHAfZsp/ZXv/pVFF8q/vVf/7XOhW9+85vjb//2b2u7TsO+/vWvr+/+PuxhD6s7y6973euqQ21XUxv5imjOo/kFaGktjPEOLRwLv+666+rRcR8Pe+ELX1h3ge8M0HVT0FUIvlnnn1RGSCDiXrDzS6h81vurX/1qXf3g/GK0fIQlz7PfGTIttNBCCy3cc8D7TzfccEPV/wwDK+fnXXxJfORmX2rsipGu4RgeHaphNPpL3GjsssOc4lAuj5G1t5VJrTv6Rn30YzQWzJweixftEDsP3iuGR4bLpFcMgJ4p9QMhM6f3xvQyhzzywQ/UbKwv7TIWuovhwE3rKf/PmTk3lhYn9aqLzot99rl3MS7mxWAxUvoHp8S11y2JmTvuEatWrY4rr702Dn7og2LD2uWxw5zu+MaJJ8ayNSPV4PFhLZPt9UtviF122tHMW5zhtWWy3bl+tGTunLnVybbz+/BHPLz+5NLAzbfFqb85NS5fdkk1khbutlfB44Y47LHPit4YiquvuSpOO/eHsXDholg7dU6sLDjc9+HPjZ13mBWLR6+NWdNnxtIbro/bbrk1zjzjjHjggfeP3YvTvePiHWOozK3eYx6a2hNri+P8y1/+Iq656pqYMXt2PPrlx8SeC+fH0PBATBvZEP/zve/Fub87P1716lfHoh13L/3eEMtX+KmN2bF4Zpl3Cw/WLrsypu1wYO0Xh3fMANxoEEa5Vk5sdHxHm8ZXOsDt/N1CCy3cc4GuM3fwRWzKcT7TP7Gb6Hhtfo3Z4u6VV15Z3znl0zgefdBBB1WHWZqjyz6adeyxx8bpp59eN/7k9Tu1NgLt8p599tm1PnEvfelL40lPelJ1si0eN3cuOdQWUH0R2k51u2n4x4A3eMLm+PjHP14dYLvreNDpQsFmO8CAQ6tBCAGCxADCNMz+wQ9+UAXFZ7+B/HlsoGVoCy200MI9G+h8hgQjwIRk1dqXMz1ffsVV8aETT69Hhtf3ry55zRODZcK/NfrLpL/HrvPre7Trlt9Yy0wd3lDf3100b3bce+994pIrVhUjZFU1CPo39NefISomS/0t3gUlv99snN07LWbPnFUcTL/puD5232W3mLbXLrFu7broWreyzkUblt9ajZu5C3aOPfbYM+bssnesWFEMmiXXxYH77R3Lll4de+wwox5xm7lor7qab0Xe70Ba9XfECixbtqz+dqOja9IZLe7l7y3z2r133rkuAmzoGY799t8vblvrfdxTY/b0BbH74rml/yNx/c2XxuziPC8fnhbLbr45eubfrzjRa2P+ht9FX3FwGWALFyyKq4uxteOiHWv/e6b0Rm/p846Ldoh58+bX3zO2+j24ofRp/oLY9XFHxhW/O6POw/ffe/e49tolcfOty2PfffeLm1asrUfyomu07mYcdvCBsdPOu0T36MoY6JqLg4V/6QCPfRmVAzzm6LYOcAsttLBtQ85h/JPcFRbHyXLPXwH0629+85v6eqd85hQLvYccckgcccQR9UNMv//97+OhD31oPQVrodSOsPnD3GFh9UEPelDsueeedZ5UXv18omyzhbsGdM6fi3IM2pzJfrBb7toJdOwAEwSCgnm5UkFgGEPAp6lzax+Tcye4dYBbaKGFFu7ZQNebA5z+sWrNKbSqbXJiBFyzdG0MDBZjYmgkpvYW12pqVwyNDBdndjh2Kk7nCKd2dEOdE3q7hupc0ddbjJAyP6zaMDdmzJoZ06f1RE+JmzKlO0bLNKWsLzYvuW5J7LXrbjGjry+mDo7EsmKMzJ0zO64aWBW33HxLzC/t3XDD0rjt+uti3fr+gt9Q7F6Mj/4p02P1qrVxVXEMd9tpflxz1aWx186z46Ybb4jZC+9djZqpZS7baacd48ILL4z5xenkSF9XHGar/pxiP+W0c3F4+YMjwyP11NOieTMqDWLGwvoj/TfcujIuuvCi2LB2WcyfNhKziqO8Zs36OvctH+6NNavXxPppM2LVyhXxuH3uW+fMVStX135OK479gvmL688yzZ+3KBYsXBjTeqbHbYWmK1euKnTqjb6+GWVOnRLL1syNK84/p8y182LPXXaKdevWxy2r1scNS2+IrjmLYtWqlTF/0fw4/PAnxQuf8eh4wP33jB3njsaGvlsqD293gGOjA8wRrikbHd/bHeASm1ZCcahbaKGFFrY1SGf0joJ5jZ4251mY/fa3vx2f/vSn6/xnR9cxXO///va3v60/qfSyl70sjjnmmFqnuTH9HnWZ80DuWopr4a4hj5xb2HXS2GL0s571rPphLD5oJ9DREWhOLWPHFWgcUxlFVucZCve9732rUGC8MlY+wD2V2fAmzEA/s18Zd2cgX/Z7zNC44zJN2tydeltooYUW/lRARzEMHOUyBwieV69aHbO75xRjoSdGujlYIyUMF3+q6MxSZnDNypgxb25ReBFDxXHk3PbMnFUehuPmG26KRbsujq7eno3OWMTwhoHoL3ON3+WdVya91ctXxuzi9A2t6Y/ukZI+pbhw03pj3YyuuLU4fbvPmRHr+9fHtMENMaU4i+tXrI+++fNidIpTSxE3rVgZOyycEbcsc8x5VgyvXxddU3eOa6+5puK/6267lvtrSxtz6hzHoe8r893KVauiu+h9PZpZHHQO6xVXXB6LdphVfx5j3dCC2GOPnWLtwFAMDvTH0Iabo29kdUyvfeuzchxru2YWwkX0T59SJ/QHLNqjtDlYkkZizcqBuvs8a25vfde4p8yZPY4+r5kS69eV557eMu92l/zd1eHu75obg6s2FANrZvR2jf0G5WCh6fWFhmuiN265tTi6hUD77LNPPHCf7pgzd6S+Ez3YsxLzChrjj0CPGWRdXRuNidYBbqGFFrYzSDu8abfnvQXR/M1eO8I+xuTnjjjHPqR12GGH1WPPD3nIQ6qOtvGXzhkfyfySi8cCvdtuCt49QCu0u+iii+KZz3xm3WH3O8qu/2dHoAlBnl23+qFhiGGsZ6sghMKRMQHzpTMkCIPz9XaH5U+klSMc6k7BaNbrPtuUR5wrpzqftYM4ymRdyrlXH7BjnY44kIcRAi9COF4Q5VdevCvBV4axYyUi2wDa9SwAV3FZFm7Ac+KTeUGzHBiPSwsttNDCZAH6jI5ypSfdpw6mz6ev7y3OZ9FzPtNcnLvRoYHoml4MAWWKEzbFJ6JHpfl5oOKI0XdF9VUdPrQuNmzUmRxm9fb0TitOanFg1w/UtqZ0T411K1bH1JGu6J01I0b6i3M5vztWrV8TO88o+ryr1DfYX+tcs3xtzFq4MEammIsiVm0Yiem9w7Fu9YqYP7c45QMboqtnl1hT5qYN6/tj4eLFdXd2TjFoikIuve2q7/xyVD368NWcMod1lz7csuzmmL/T9Nrn9YPzYtbMnli9PspcVYoN3xqjq26IaXaqu/eoX44eLk64eWFl98pYXwykXWfMr84659bOKwd7tDjWNxXnvG+mRYQyH/b2FQoVJ7g49P3962Jq7/SYNb0vBoaX1+PjdnqnlXzmx/4pM2LmtJmxtjjA/aMjsX6oP2b0zIjZxSXuH+2Png3Loqd7YaWDo85w+cMR6LEd4K6ujXNk6wC30EIL2xlsyi6ni129E2wO8g4qX8BPJnk15fGPf3zc//73rz6BY7l8BHMXZ5mPAqo+LwGoi96Vp4W7B2jpneuDDz64Or4WIfiTNmQ7gc32sjAsnT5OqXuM5FgSCj/x8Itf/KJ+DRpj5ZGex6VTEAiIzohnPKhX+bEJ+Q8h41wBR5phBJRXZ6ZlGQIGr7zPeHnhk0aaOEYDXDw3IXEVr2/qg6s4DrNn/YMPBxeoL3ERl/FwqEZcCSn8IPFqBuWzjhZaaKGFyQyps+g6+pi+pF+HZ62IoWnLY7j3thjovTX6p62IdVNWRn/XiuifOhi3rLstbip6d2WpY00pv7xMC6uLatwwvTjIM0djZNZoqWMkhmYXh3Nm0fXFRljfNRS3dpU2pk8tdRSDZPHsmLLjrBiaMSVWdA/HivVrY33Rx2uLkzjsJ3589XhwoB5r9pM/Q4PF4CjtTZ3KcR+tX5ouCTE0MhTDg0Mxa9bsEkpjBTiiUfJ437ZMBqX4Roe8hOnTp9V+rl65KuYvWFBq8KNCw2V+6FEk1hUHmNlUao6eaWX+GS11DBbHfqA4+0OFXsXxn9o1HHOLY1weypwyEAPFuR0Z3RBr+lfHqrUr6m9Tmpu6e7tjzbrVxdndEH1l3pk/d37MKuWWLb+l1Dtad6a9Y2xn3Dy19PrrKz61n4U3M3v6iitc+FT+ONF90+YUnpmDOLsbwygcxZl3XKsbXEILLbTQwvYBbH6hCWmX0/1Ot5rj/GTR7rvvXuc87576DeGjjz46HvjAB1ZHzPupeSzX6SH+Al0u2ESjp/kB2lJ3C3cf0DLp6Qi0RQbPnUJHnlY6lU1nLp1SR7jsqhICDCYE0nLX1xe7gPIpbNmhvE/nlYBxOqvhUfJyXtWdzmQzn+MG0jmk4gRGivz5SXH54KA+weqNfIRYX+xOE1gfciHohBXe2Q95BEIuTh2JLxAnMAhTyLOtTHOfeDQhcc7QQgsttDBZoamrcjHQld6r+rFnIDYMrSrO2/IYKo6d39bt6h6NgaH+uHX5rbF+w/oSP1Keh4oDWtyx4qWZTswINyy7IdasXRMjRU96HiwO4pqB4iyvX1X07dhK75qi6xMGyhwxfVpvzJ85O3acv6g4usOxoTi+CttNnV4myShXehf4fV+6eGo317C3OJ69JY0+LrobEuXq+HHxU0ta0dtd4qfErDJPzC7zQZ+5ioouDrad7O7RvuiZMjNm9JRypey8vtHoLeV6u+ZET99uMaV310KPYvBM64kpFvsLHWaMzo6+KXMKHtNLfQtLv3wzY1ZxaOcWB3du9HRPj56uqTF9yrRYMKM45oVAsDXVo8Du8xfG7J75xXGdFzvvcEDhw8LomrIoDtjrwOgp/ZlT2l9Y+r+4hHnlfvrojJgb84t7u2v0di8sYUFpY15MnTK30GNW6crMYgxML90qLXCGq0OcUCqx89vu/rbQQgvbATTnt5zj+Ans9/Q/+Czs/wULFtTjz7nJZ/FSfj+Xl37N+I0t9r961dPC3QP+HP+Of+Y+NyTH+1KbAx05wOnw5RUwLjB/xx13vN3hSwZ7BpxK+QSGkjROYnrw8qcQuabweZZXewSKIIlPgRIvyJNGDtCuuhlk7jm0Vgyyzdw2V4+y0ji8grwJnGj1cqTTmYZf7m4L6heXTPGsjGdXzxknTIRpLbTQQgtN3ePahEzbVJgopF7OezqVDnat910LYtrUHWLGtJ1jWvfiMtHMLa7VnOIkLowd5u4QO87bMXaYMyvmTy/OWnEcZ07hpI2FnRfdOxbN2iVmT1sUc4uDNrc4aot65saO0+fH3K6emmehlfRy7S6hr2dqcRy7Yma5n1XCvNkLS9ys4sMVx7c4lKO908Yc4b7ihJa/acWR1+OZjgAA//RJREFU6ysO5ZRRp5dmR+/0HaNneslTnFrvErt65uT29rmWecxcUZ45w6PF8e2bOaM4xLNrnB9hmlac19mlOSe+Z5epw8w4tcv8MqtMMCXf1DJXFSe4oFHLdNcfbvLglRgfkbSYW2hXrsLGisv/hbYb57uxmDHwnHlaaKGFFlrY8lD1bgnmOv4B/4P9bvPMhhkw3wE+BJAmP8dYHvf8AM6be7a/e5BzaAt3DejOxuC37bbbbvV3lPluSf9OoCMHOCEZngICHA/w0Q2f/MZoSENSOkQ9A3HuUzg4ljrHmFOfuHRMvWAuL4czndzM52q3mUOtPGc1gcMtLuPlV6e61SUeEEYrCuLsJMNFWfgn3plP0H418kp59/IJcBHEaQPAVz7tColPsx8Z2sHQwvYE4+Xdc8Y1r81849NBTibAODL2XMVnPvfNsWbsCZmeY924dxWa6a70B8g6TG7akla/Alwg84hXXrt0i/isU1rmy3atarqXX5r65cuQbY4P0pRLXLNe91l3hv9LsJPYPcW7r30xpb5TWhy8ErqLA9tbnM+e4vRNLfqw2y5qQRnWGehJ/fhjl6+FFlpooYUWtg7UOWdjSMi5s5lmfuIMC5mHP5D+UP4kj3i7wcqkzQ/kdUSaz9LC3YfcvETfv/qrv4qXv/zl1Rlme7GFOoHud73rXe/eeH+3oSkgaawwwCDh2cvhj3jEI6ojnEYYxF3TIRRSmMQrL02+NBzt0srDKM0jxcpxVBl+mZ51a98RZju4wD2iyZNGqLzazPqzXfVqQ1w60/JJz3urP4J2Mg64z75k/c0gf9IHNHEQJ8Af5FV9LWxbkPzH2zvit/RMS/43ywBpZIn8GAOumd9Yc5XumunGDxn3DDKvurO8PORSWc9kUx7p8klTzr14+YB78g/EJW4g5TvrVF6axSj1uRpr4kGOUUHZbDvLZV2e1Zdx9EHqAs/Kum/iL7gX3wT1ZF+kw0l/4Aea7Vhoc4WzuMyjndRPzX5mntQPGe+qr+rCF3EUOSc49ZU+KJt9UW+zbuBZHcomLgnyCeITl4xrhhZaaKGFFlpoYdPQnCvb+fNPB2judO7ee+9dP4LFH2NLpf23udDR7wBriOEF0hjLnYg0iH/9619Xo/qGG26oqx3Pfvazq5HoXPz5559fjVbGpvwPeMADYr/99qvGmk9cn3XWWbVez37Ef6+99qr5dFza7373u/r7i9If9rCHxWMf+9iKA4f3tNNOqy9HAwarr4V5hq+vt8FFuOCCC+pL682jzgkMS/1JIxWR1cVYleZ3qA444ICapq/yWoXQH3GYoQ1Xz9JyZ0lcrmSIAzmYmoZqOhWTEfQjje98Tnw5E/qFX9kv9NNf+aQph7ae8UYecXbe0RAw6q30oId8IPNl3fihPXV7Fg+ShllOunKciVzskFdZ99LdyyNkeXmkS/PsKk1c5gXZjvjMl0Hd5D5lhLyRAbgkHkAd6s7+Kpfx6hSvPmDskC9XdFKHOrWhHNqK10aW05b0dN6UVTfeAHVoJx0uQV3yilOfOGXUp+9oCcQD7UrTR3GJn3ttJ21zHIFMIxcpJ+iU5eQH6m3WI10d5CVXYqWDpKm6sj/6LV59WSdQl3h5s29o5VlbysNLmqNN7uEvPvsPsk40AJ6VV5d84uEAF23aPRavvsSbXvEbs038slxC0i0Bvom7el09qyPrvTMYX18LLbTQwt0F+oOecc3gual7Mp1+cp/6LZ+beUEz/6b0mPQWWmhh+4G0p/h5vrxNN/gAGVuYzdMJdOQAgzQAU5kxIiklccuWLYvXvOY11dHl1PDWf/SjH9W0W265Jd773vfWPHY8GJVvfvOb46UvfWmtgwP8zne+sxp2DMK3vvWt8YpXvKIayOI+8pGPVCeYQ6q8H5x+3eteVx2AX/3qV/GBD3ygloPL4sWL4x3veEcceuihFd//+I//qJ8rR8Qzzzwz3vSmN8URRxxRd4wvvvjiiqOvVzM6ObiPe9zj4qCDDqpGqp93kgcOjmS//vWvrx/0Qvhrrrkmfv/739evxDFW4eJ3wBwDV0ZIw9kCwFOe8pTKNMa73xC7+uqrq0GvHHw4EDfeeGP84Ac/qP3AeEH8c57znFoWjt/85jdrv7R/73vfO57xjGdUnNDq2muvjVNOOeWP+IMOduX9WLcFAHH6I+jvYx7zmOp8oBFaqEubeITOcNBHtHC0Ay/lgSO80ULZ73//+1VIObAc3Kc97Wn142gcIl8Jd1WPCc4xBmloIG3JkiU1Hu/g4/ek9cFvSwsWPvT5QQ96UF3cQAcTJJzOPvvs6kCgI6dIf93j93e+850qc3kqAE7eI9A/PDj99NPrhwy0LQ6PlNUfgRyjg9+2fvSjH13rBOQIz9Oxf/jDH15xwk98AZwdNPfOggUbZa+66qpKf7iTJ/QwmPECHfEffeFKbpTRN/d411xsSf555wQvzjvvvIqPNPm0q09wwkOLUvgM73znXZvpTMJfO8rDPcc6fhpbcN5pp52qLIuDhzzKaYd8yuMZ79Sb8p+7nOmAJ3/QIh1E9NAX90C+dD7lS+dYuzfddNPt3x3I/NpEE/WKzzh9dxUSP3nUD8Sl8w0XdSgPb1c4yI9W8iqXuOCXsSCf+oHy7pUBeJL50Ute7cgjL/kkg5lHnLbgLa9nAYhHu+QbXLJv4vK+CdlP0OxzCy1sTzBe9nPMihfXHCeeU09nmvEFMn+O02Y97sVJy7ICSH1K/8hLBwD5jXX56AzjWj7xTf2Y5bNdcdLdK0N/uJcv68q2mwBHoKz6tK2cAJIOeVWHMtlvfW32XflmGsj+yae/0uAnXbvAfeLnqoz6lIFXpo2HxKuFFlrY9iH1MHud/8Xu49PZIN2Ujrgr6OgIdConiisVHUhFxoi0E+ve58L9NhYHSRnGNseAYc1gpOD8fpZ8qSw5Iwxpzg7n+ZGPfOTtyu4nP/lJNTYpdQqXcf/Qhz60PvtNKE63dhiSjGjvJB944IEVt29/+9vVOZDOgbbzfL/73a/iwKn413/91+qoMKrtMisrD4P+K1/5SnUoL7vsspqHY4YByvrZpxNOOKFeGcnyqVf5733ve/GpT32qOgsmACsXdsPTmP/f//3f+PjHP14dQE70k5/85OpUcAI++tGPVgeLYyfNDjYHixOGNh/72MfiwgsvrHkYz2jIqYMT+n/pS1+qCwqC/nGg0FNf4ISWcLVbD+yIM6rR30ICWnGkObTPe97zKk39BtcHP/jB+PGPf1wXC+CPVpxvjqy2LTpYpODUkQW8x1fO7bvf/e7aJodVOxxNzhQH9cMf/nDloXqV154TAPj1rW99q+KMnhxlNOIE4yun7N/+7d9qvzh30smBRQiONH6+//3vr3xDF/RUt8UNdf/nf/5nfPKTn6wLFXDEJ7QwsaPhhz70oUqjE088sda9//77VzpxYv/+7/++LthoW3my7hUA9//4j/9YefiNb3wjjj/++Lj88ssrf9HI4oWFH7T47//+7/ja175WHWBjQvt+4Ntiz7nnnlt5zwknc4wauMJLP/Bev+BELsg1pYBel156aS27xx57VFlFK3RXN/7hq2dl4M14Qt8vf/nLlQ/w5fhbNME/9PjhD39Y5Qad5TM2HEWBMz4Y2xx341swBo1leHN+5RNPD4gHHENpxjN50a5ywBgxNsgdPMk9Bxo+cMNPixp4gc/qgBOAo3EkXVk8S2MMLYxJvHDPIXcPz+wr/eUqP51Hx8grH0AvIE4A0uSnB1zVR3eJz/r0SZw0eaRpX7+keZYOdzSSBqfEv4mbK9yUyTYS1JHP7oXU3dkneDfLtLDtQspDUy4AWQDkkUw1042nvHeV17VZvgkpZ5mHPAP35C3jtaVuY0p+9RrP0sSDHJcgx410+aXJp05pdEg6es2QTqT65XOlf1xTF2jX2NJWtgOybroDqC9xlpZ46Is45eSXRs/lPUj9oI4cz9I8ywdc4SOve/WnzhGf7bjPugXp+u+a+LnPIA4dsqx6gbRsXxy80Eo8UE692oWvPPS0utwn3tmO+pUH2U7W75q08JxtiJMvQ/bJPciyLbTQwvYNqTPYdexfz89//vNvP/HbCXS8A3xnQIFxyDhAJgUOAeMcUJDSGOcMVcYyR8WqoGDi4HhRfAxAO42cSQoYcCxMSAxlBODQcaAoTAatyU2bueOUu1va4kTATRrFDicTXypnxjWHSb1wZ4TDyQSpjlTMJgYOlLbcaw/eiROHxDvQnA44nXrqqdUg1k/PzR1Ehj3HSh/U84IXvKA6dyYQDgY80/DV3pOe9KS6s6w+zjT8TFwMZQ4SZ0S/OSOcH06ptuTfd999a5850miLNvKqVz60RAt4cDrSwIcDh1A9cOG0EUJtoJO2/7//7/+73Vh/9atfXcvmLi7nGB/19Z/+6Z9qnSZS9XKm4fU///M/8fWvf73SOPnBOVYWbTmgnD30wwPH3g8//PDKV44PJ1KaBRGyhX52+C0K4N8///M/V2edg2ln+KlPfWrdNdUniwMcUo6dup/73OfGK1/5ysrjE044oTqTnBMLCeTA4oBFGY4VB/ezn/1s5R8n0iKKNjj0//AP/1BprS3051y/5z3vqY679rJcGhkccfzA63/5l3+pjrPFGzxDP6chwF/8xV9UR9y4QisyIL8dcTx57WtfW2XOawXqc0LiJS95SaWPxRa0xif8kP7nf/7n8Td/8zeVlu9617tq2dypRf9jjz224oRWf/Znf1adYLTjqOInmUQbcoyG+oKnwtvf/vYqWxZFtJ0GmoUQu/8pA5zyI488sqap69///d9rG3j313/919XRtYAjwMfCCGf77/7u76q8ahOv0cACk3rUSdeQBXIrHj3RjMyjr3Gg33j9rGc9q8qw/BZQ4JHjG58s1MmLdmSV7lKvdsmisY9Oxp0FHPWIowecJqF3yKYFHnJGlvCWLKsHkEVp6EIfPeEJT6g4GQ/6iB7GHLzUmwsMytCL+pUyoU5tAukZUo8BZeW/J0L2Af7ZN/QGaI++4vCPnKduEcTJK580IA5dPUuTnxwB91k3SJolDq7KumpXOWXICh5kW4mX5/F01778xl225Rkvs4+eyQB9oJ5muvLyJK5w8JxlUx7hSU7FC+qTl44yDpRHA2n0uLxZH7l0FRLkF7SReLvXjjblFQ/fBOmCNHmyneSFtpWRRu7NAeLokuSnNP2XT/uJp/zaIv/KgKRJ3guJT/LceE5eeZaufLbhWTlx8DF24AIPPGi2kf1RJuNA9iXxSzoqqx51o4vn5IHgOfkmX+IOpLM9XNWpPfdAOQGe4jOtmSeBHCRO2lAm84pz35TxhMwDku8g8U+QBsS5b/Y3Q6Ynfs3yzXuQ+VtooYVtD5r6ANBj7m0KvehFL6p2l01Ap19Tj24ubBUHGJKQp+ghTRECCtVEQfEx1BiTlG5OupSqNGVNtAwBz5Q7p9AE7QoY6CYrE4IJShtJoJx0cnJCHO1oT7z8qdDVaQVBPJxMaspnfiAfpZ5l4Cc0lb62sw8MUX3Ktl05S4xVfTGJq8ckqQ7pcM0JMycODpO8+inOzjeamKQ8oy884QZXIXEA4pMH8EB74DnT4K7dnPjQQHr2Xf3N/qM/XN2bzAX05PRlPN6gozT1uqpPPk4YJwZ/9Y8zry/ogEZwhJN2OehJb+nwRT/0Qt80/DxzgvVDGU6PfM2BwVnjlNiVF68s3JR1ZfxwXLRlx1N/0B2OnEptu5eXM8MAhZP+cMzlR7tDDjmk5gGObNtl1T/5lOeMOlVgIYej6UQB+UsniozAmbNuFxZ90BJwRtH/M5/5TMU1V770wRF1Did55ljbEbUYgifwtRChH47V29XXT3Xgq2P1nEN9slPO2eS448ejHvWo2h6Z4njZ7bYAQg6lc/g5wBy3r371q3VRBq3Q0IIKBYXW6rXLjUacSTvmHHjy7Z7zb4GIU2uxw+IPnNH4jW98Y6VxgrosyOCzxRZyRQ7IlRMSxxxzTKWJhQB91lc0hTsnGw05/3bgyYSFGosFdvrJBxw58yeddFIdy/opnvOfCx+ccjQgx/hjAYFcAbjjAV5Iw284WZxxigE90V27Tq84zmMHH50sFFhAoxvIlEUUdDSm7PiffPLJ1YkmYxYBOMhOMqgPb+kIPFe3BbFcBME7E4dxZTwa4+hL7tQtjSwCY9X4ghsZkk4WpSuHzhan0JFcGDu/+c1vKn76ayHIOMgxAl8LNvqE/vqTOgo+5FEb+mSxEy+1I49gkcKCG3knL0KOPbzXZjpm2gTGmmd9xS+nIIxn9anfyRn6Qjv6qM/yqkfd6iUHcNJPV2WVQWt0lkd78EJzoG75jAH1eE7I+4yXj3ypG+8BfNRPZsWhT+Lpqqx0PNW+fImXtAR5sj/S0qnWJ7iqO/VuxqMPHokX9EE+cdLkM67gnm1pH27i815/tCEu6wfJD/nkUY82kl74CG/4Zpp7+dWnLDz0O+tt0qUJygjqJjv6j8fy6Y80fct6pbsmTcwf2gLZTt5nH+Qlt+LkVZegLvnl0efkO4C758QbfgnalF/IsvKhiXzitKUNae4FgM/ZD3HagZ/ynvFCOhqoB8iDFsY6XECmJc6ek4/APXxc5clxATw3yyU94DE+TXkh5UBcs+1sL+kOmnWAzN9CC/c0ILspyzlGm2PVVXrzvlkGyO+5WY88mR8on7rDPfCc5TI+yzXLiqMzxKVOynzy5NyS+shVmvqMeeBeGj1D3/op+ZGR0l5xO+Xt7i72uZ+BqOO8XN0XGC3l1Aemqqu0Nzg0Nu951dWGGxvzDW94Q7V/sr3Nha3iACfiAMEA5ghJfBMHZ0V6EhFBKNckLsPDvYlBHlcKHkHlS8Yk4+XNsuozocrjPp+ly+8K5M1dIHVhkrrkh6s0uzSJwxjTxlbe4SJf1iMunVuKHfOzz+oUxKWBYIKXV5vqF59OftJE2axDfu0D5dw3J/MsI+TE4l668gDdckJSL2jWKa9+oEUKlXzySEcPdcFRvPzySgP4yhjQDnykySNdH+GZuGQ70gQ0VNY9g0zebBsoJw0dss/ayXigv9lm8sh90kVe7ZCFpGuWN9iB+tWhXVf51KUt9SX/lMFPPNBXID0dH6AMPOHA2FUnuU/6MM7Jnnt1pcJQd/YNpCGsbTxQn7zi0JXjLE2ZfEVAHuU5nHgJL2XlEfBKHvhw3uBm559jgQb6jR92rNUnv7q1q//ycXa0rT51wyXlBp05S+pCPzRx7N3CgFMQHCy7nE5m2FXmkHOmGGScVY4jnDiXnC/l0UoapwUudoCVQQfH/9XJmUev973vfdUBBsq96lWvqg6sPnHwP/3pT9fTJp451BYnODP4aZecs4lm+o2GL3zhC+sOM5o5BcDJ0o6dWE663WU8sDvsGHoumNjhhad8HOcvfOELFU90IXOO/jsxgm4WPpxmQEd9tOuvX/r3iU98ouaFH35Y8HAagBOMBr6jgAfuOb92yg877LBKN+/0c645m9okkxxxCxzw5JifcMIJNU1fOet/+7d/W+vhQDjO7xUP5eDOoTfxwAvvLGDYNecQeifHdxvghbaO8n/uc5+ruFmMectb3lLlBm2chDj++OMrn4wdCz5OB5ABNOSY450FLs6xEwXkDVhQsYuPjvD9y7/8y4q7/ju1YdEE/4B3/i30oBs8fIcCvT2r16sJ9DzQD868sYAP6rY4hR/GqzRB3cp6xQNOaEPmLa4IZMmiDtBX4x9u8DV2xFlYyfGJzsY93SdOv1NnWexRBkg3LixumG88A3wmq/qElqk7jE0yg7fGtPEOVwAf+Y0H/ZeXnCpPtuGFN/KrX9mslx4wrtULH3nhn3UD+MtnzIh3n3pLGbTQPhCvTW1Ll4ZG6lQebtp21VbqFKCubEtZ9+pKHaa8IJ90bXoG6gfNuTTjtJX1qUu5bF8e8gFH9bqXhu/wzDaVBdmmvPCUVx3is1/5DORFW5DtAXGCMvqvPnnRiyygn/r1O3FOGSFTqaOlkdcmT9WhruSPvOQ8T8apFx7yu8JDPUBcxovDH/XBUXvKA/TIvmT+TBsP2kuayZflgPgWJg/gR5M/ZCCfXTPdNXmakHxOeUgYXydoyoTgWbkEsk7myC07VXrKnzjjQ51k31iHZ8pw5pOW4zLbV0/agcrJN16um/mzrSZu6vUsr/oFOtu4VLcxSw/RKdLc64sy2s26tGHsucIBwC/HFpyUl0e6OGlJK2mJpzj0BK4ZlHPN+rQPH32nH/JeG/DN/tO70oGrOP1W17TeoitLfQNFL1T8y9+06dOiu7Q1XPtX8CpOcHNkjxT8RobKvFFip3SPLXyzI9kQNlG0kX3ZXOjoHeC7AkoPpGBALpmdzIW0Z3kQBoHcE0SEl4agyQh1KCMumQuS6IyLFMoM8qjPgEjhEaSpT5uEzgSQOIlPAVc+Jxj3TeFPoSPk6iS4gvvEF+45CasbZPsmlpzo1al9oD/Zf3nVMT5eefFJG8/NIK82lc8An6SdNEKfdWV+94m3q/6qn6DKm2n6rzxBNHhzsCau+owf6sy86tbPbFOc+oB4ZV2luYeT9MwD8lm98iR9BPHqhKs6Eh/3Tfzl0Sdp4pImQion/fHcpK04/FVeUN6VbDHW4URW9CENj4yz+8bJy50mbQLpnhO3VNxJh8QPZNvi3SsHVwo+DS5p6oGPOLRnIOsHIGviGeuuHCs7gPLrn7IMHXhyRDgyFAw8kgZ2JRnnjGTGu/q1rQ33Wbcgr/7A1bOrnU5Ol3YTf3g4Xux9Do6T1wA4ztLRWZpj6RwYu+DqQgt4SeOACBwujqx+66s+aM9OqWPvHBljPeWH08+Z4xTDSZ+k6QtHjvPH4bUA4J6Diz7GLR7AEQ2kqSfHgTrgwEFRRrqgbe2mQyVOHs4vHpA/u7+ccnpSW5xMdEN/ckzfCOLgzMGFq/HmlAMc7HZ6n9xuuHpTjjg78MYXNFdWH9CKY0f+lE+eoKl26HOrrmQYT/CYI0tOjHWOph1eDiN9oC79zq/3O4puVz8nev3XN/LmXXRObJ44oHPwEG8sQFgsUYdTCfqI39pEDw47B5rjiNdOIpA3dVhIOPHEEys9HWVHezveeMOZtENvF9hpBv1SFh31lUOf3ziwcICuFjHIvXq9g+/0BudcHfqDXuTGxGyhggPuVAQ6oBneOiFh0YXz7LsJnPocQ/puYYfTj14caM4zXqCTHXYnC7773e9WWqIX2VTW4oXFDycjLL6gEzqQNcEpB4suTloo59UCfCBPvouBPuqFkzjjQL1kgSzqq75IS3nBEwtQ0tFYvfqTCwHuLWjhH/1noQt9pQGyYOFFIDc5pqXjjwUvCxXKu6KBcQfUJy++6Svepo4SxJmb8DrLKI8mOT71RR6yoj+pw4wBc7P4dN6kCcrAW9/VkfW6z/Zd6W95lQFwFSdoSz7tJL7qyLnWs3t1wkMaPmhTnfgpX+IrvzT5XJXVZ3SUR/5sQ18yvzqFjCOfQL6Um5xv1KXttJeyTv1Ba2W05Qpv+eCe+LqKl0c59+oW1Jf4CyDLqCfjMy2v/9eQNIGrawJ8PGef3IvznHiTo8yXcXmvTMapO+sE6CsfmgF1jo9z36yrmReIVybrl550VS7rdMUf8p3yJZ8ryDJZr7bIsL6RaemeU77lzTGYfM++aq/Jc2n4LRg/2Y7gHp7aybpck9b5nDQQ5NUHOJFd9SdO8klzFVIfqMdz5gXwIcfayjbkV14A4vVbWrYvzhUt1JH902dx2aYy2k2aZf/hrLz8eQ/kUU4+4B6oQx7p6hSA56Rz4pTxGdfMKy5DQtIATeVVRt7kk7aFbFtc0ivxbNJ2UFy576F/St96y3VkeCQ29I99f6EkxnDBmcNrp7jel/rUOTA49gqYuct8T+8rk3LdxPvuwlbZAU5CQVqAJCZDkMJzD2lpGCy/Z0QF8hskOaAo9OwcRgACKC4ZkwRwrzzi5wDItoF2xMuf9QryZ53yqMO9fsCD4QjUD0+464t4z9kHeJtYPCsrTj3wAEkPOMgHD31QTvtNXOHUbE+5JqPVn+1KEygw+XOQMqQBPLNvwH2TZuoSlFEHA0he5bXNQAFZRlwTF31QjpEjTT2EFY0Z3gwjeCWu+qusOGWbMiFenswP3Ddx1bZ7cZ5BM035BHUor24gzX1em31y9bwp0MZ4UKaFLQ/JW/xD9+Rrkz/kSADScvzgpfiUH2lkwPXOeJjyA/JKjtVlDGX9aeC5qo9zpE3pxnYa7cqJ53QaU9LEGx9pQBhb7l3hmPjRL/QGPLTlKqgDqEceE4E2EuAED33RDj0DD04Mo0R57XGgOaLac/Sco6evynF0LAwoC0eOH0eFwWzxgkNobOsnR8gxZ04b/DjgnHqLJ545V5wsdSnHuUULuHGSOI0cQOl2teGlv3aoOZicQLrFiQC/LgCU5dRxVOFkNdhRcrSA/3/9139V5y5fh+DM23lO/eQ4O+fNYoITA9L0C118YIPTx7Hm3HFS7XBbrICT3WyGv7Lo5L1+R7tNzHalfZAPrTmSnvVXf7zrzglN51K93qHnJOu/xR+OPno//elPr/VwrKVxiuFgN5asWXDxAT405pAL9CyZwDfv8lv8wSPfI7ALb2dbmvfr8QgdnCDghHLm4eiVAicHyAU8nL7gsKvXApT39skpflggsFjgq5zkS7wTC/rj1Q/0Ryc4WohxwkIamciP/3GcjSt0sGCCLvqJbnAnr8aOBTCLOtp1CsK4xis4OxWgrLHi1Q+vLnCcldO2RRO0MFYc5beYwEHXJydR8C4XvyzmOCVhHOCtRQYyBWcybKGH7Blf+oQP5jZ4OiGhzhyf2lUHXMkDGpPltIEsysFRvNcXxKWOMk4sMKGpcWchxjjVf4ti2lXW+MvFJwsDZNBpBzLnHj3wl1yhAf6TP2MGDcg5GqrH2JBO5tRl7KExOZHuyKG2nRQQjx74p8/SkrcWL/Qpd4jIgHGdbcMnT1CoVx+dwEh9YbENXugsWBCzGIQudIlxiY7orB/GSto3ZJwuQidxFr20ibYWgvRVGxZPjAGvaqATvuMhmSPPdBAaase40lcy7mps6Isr3tJ/5AVf9YVxLh5u+ggnOAj6qE/StaecfskrkCnp6lJvzkdZzpiEB1BOkA5HuOqzZ+3qq/q0oV/yohF9os/ugfx5VT9a4R0cySO81CWeLGgf7ZMHygnSgbaN48yvjhwX7oGrvknXL7KtbThm/92rQ9t0OFlSTvvi4SevurMeoC74SJcXLurzrN/adZ84e9ZWzrvi3YsX3CftPGd/AdzEqUccPOTXrvwZjwf6l04bkMe9sQR3eZWRX3/hrb/qBNl3uCc+gnhtJv4ZL6gn07M8nNFSesZnf9AJrvCET/ZPetIo6xavrHugf9KTJyDz3g7/r+lVjK4SKUszXxNK8uhoceCnFHunyBA5QhO81FbKbNJ1c2Cr7ABnpxENgZJwybh8RkAdyPvsgLKZV7qrTibBMUXINPFZPpmZV4Rxj/GI5jkFS7p6sv5s1wB2n3kIi7IpxIkHxaAsECev56xX3qbikScHXlNI1JXKIesD2kw8mvEJ0jI001MYtCM0y8ub8e7vKE5598qglX4284PmPZBXX8VnW+rxLF55kNfED8Avy7kXmvnzPiHbbl4F+Zr1JtxRXc1r1tO83xRkW83QwtaHTdEbz8hZ6oIE8SlP0lKulKdvQOqNfAbypIJVh6t6GBbGrrziclwIOcaBdPgwdhgIJhJGSNYlTdnETT5lXMXJox26Q3rKpOBeoMtc1ZV9Uibv4ZR9dlW//AxcRh1jlPPFcM86GdOMWLvSdjQFoA7tMMYZonbT5UmDM+vlHKahmsfiTabycCy16d1fRji65MIaY9oxYmWkq5u+VT/nw44/x8dX6BmdaC0NTpwehrMPYtj9l0bvwhkN9IEBDGc/P6bv8FE/vjP05eGocIBMqOpmNKgLjeCkDQ4HPopnOHu2w+7DaZx99NOu8tqBO0ckd/fhoz3l7P7ri1109MB7MoGWyumvD+fhB3zhiueMaw6IvqgXTfWFMS/gtTj1cq7InnIWGdKAT7rqKx5wNBjEQHm0giN88I9z5apveJP8Udaubhr/yuoHmsAzHS+4e0YDDhKnQT85XxZM0JrDAGf55Ier/miTrOCD0wrKaodDAWfjhaODVvoDL+OAA8MJgx8nXdtorz2vNuizOV4ZcmpHXH85apxYzpt+oZe25QOcWB/54xxykjlvZFD98OV46xdnRNvpwAJOG5rAF13IUTqpFp84Z5xU31CAu/GELuRGX8Vz3Dlqyhkv6tAWnDiGFnvgLN2YU9apAacKpFsUwD+0IFdOSFhEscjD2VUPx894dirDqwhw4pxbLEILdZMr/VOnYLEDT8kmnqH/8ccfX2mvr35ZAN/IPPnDPycwLJ6QL/3j8JMf9xaYPv/5z1cHUV34TnbIoXIWMTj8yQuyg494pr8WmfAQbbWpPxb3fLDyhBNOqIsJ5AAvyDq5sYilLFrAV336g8YW2Xxk0mmTXLgxBsmMhScLRsroL/zpB+XJpxMZ+oNGcDWm6S59s0iH72ROWXhkOfxA2/z4J7rSla7kVz/QTj+dlLGIqG78ytdZyCMakUnjiDxYQMNPAZ30JecR3yVBF2na1g6ZoqfNIWih/wJeKAdfeOu3MWDswldfjWX1mss8C/QGmTVO4aMODqCFFG0Zl3QCGkgnZ06muMrn3lgyruTBc2XJg6s29dU8oD30M67lU16d+Eb+jV/9IAfa1j/4wFd/jSVy615+Mu4qwN9Ve/IoQw9qAz3kRTf9zzI5/8vrWbks71lebWbb8qpHP4F4fYG/IE0A6lYXaOKJDsoJ2sl86naFi7ZAtqO8+sXLrz/ywk+QLl46OiinLVfxQHsZD7Kt9YX/XSVtysa0wRJn97cUqO/9Jt7lv1oHGB0uNloJwyPD0VPwRgMnrMgSnZG2UyewVXaAwXiG6Iw498nwfJYvDbjML841IQUuiSw9hUvdmb8SbyOIz+ckZjO9hRZamLxwuwLceAU5flO3eG6O8YynG/LZlW5IJUkRg9QXgjyCctKl5QQl3TPFy4DLZ3pInXkP6CnPgslHXpOJdMGkoQ31SlfeZCSPZ+Wk58RFycPD5AyyL+pRh3ImcXHZtvz6kBOofK6Jr/pB4gDEyQPUow6TuXa11axLnxgpjAn36hUvj2fl4aluceqWR1/UBwfGAty1A+RPnOVVRl3q0JZJjnEkH8NWPF4kT9EgaZhtSxMH/+w3o4eBJI84fXRVv/bEM4hM+nDJfibt5AGu8E1jR3tJt3yWx71r1m1xxT16Jc3hCBiR2hGnXv1L3opX3j06SheyH0DdwLM69U0djMfsh3Y5BNKV5aBIE48nnDbOfPZDunh0s0jAedKuvionPvmiXQ6hdsQzKuGkLu0pm3RWhmGuL/jJYZMHHvBFC/nUqb10frXDeUhZB+k0eFYevxMfca6dgPYT1Kdu1wwpo0LSQ3/wHg7owFnEA4Af6EK+0BgfyJi+Mt7zuDg9Y8EnFxvQkIODZhwMDh/nTBr54HDYUSXX8JCG1mhmN5TTw+mAs6P+4uGsTU61MYnH8j7zmc+szjUng4OlbQ46GlpUscCV+TlXHHN5Ldp4hUV/4cPx0xc8s1gg3ekNfea0eU3AwgwawddJBDRBCw4cR8zuORlyMuLFL35xpb9fc0ALYw8tLfg4KWEhi6w63cDBJWd2d30c0gIFB4nzzMFVDn8sfHF8OfV+MUK9gLPs4zpwctrCaQQfI+Tg4Rc84c/hdLpCveiJ9xYJLCpw2PE7PyqJ5+RcXs4zB9dHGskK+pFpbXqVQR364KQDGmoTbaXDx2kOAe/R03hBZw4tZ90JCrIBP/204IV+aIXnTrhoH23Ji+9ZyOMnEdGPvKgb/nnCxaId+fGLEcqSIXLiRIhFPE6zBQLyCR/yZ3HQAqb68BRv1WfcW5g86qijaj4LGk6LSCdbdIE0uoQT77UR4xifOOleSfINCnXlAg2ewdfHGZXF81xoIQv6AyzSWmzBixNOOKHiSsbJh8UQ40N/0NyYsmhlQcrYwgOLUvAn48Y1nPHWWMVz+eCqnPFKb6MV3YlH5Naih35y4tHfPT6SIWODnLs35tRn4UMedVmE07cc+9KNuZxL9EU8vuuj+lNPZRl98wykpy5LfSkNDsZ46m591l+0VDdcpMmfZUDqSGXFG9+ZLqxfM3Y6rbu0VyLqe7/ye/ZecHfJ213SR0s9nl17p/eV9O648aYba3/JmJNG5iont5wMg2PisDmw1RzgFlpooYWJAGUKUnmCjKO4M56CBRSpIA/l3CyXIJ3yTsh7EwBQVyp4QTsmEukmj6aiVVe2YWJTtirzMpFknOes21V9gnpc5TG5KQNvbSoj5ASTwIiFm8lSmjxAGe0xpuTXjknZZCUtaZE08wy0DUxI2TaQT1zmF58TmfbhaqKVJ/uceMuf/YdP9l2c5+SfetSZoB4ORJNv6ku6oD0+JG/hLk2QD67aynpyktemiV85z5nPs3t8UJcr0A91qFe6e+WSNuITN+AeyJt1Z5+1MT5fgnpB0izvmyBPsw7XfBbQIeuZLNDsSxNXAV3G02EyQxPX7EOTH0AePBBHRlJ3VCNvo3wmH8WTkWa68hmfZTlojHvjw7M8HCQyysliBOK9/OKMRfHqBOQ99UrinWMx9U62DVw5D/AUn+M6Qf3Zl+y7dHVqR37x0oEr3ODEmbfzrj8cMm3bjeNc6CejmoNgp1ad+szAtdOXfWTgOokhnZNKt2kj5T93ltXNQVAvp0FdHA955aM/OZucQGkcWSceOBCcEg5h4qRNzpk2OFne39cPtOAgMcD12045R0rb6M3p5qhy4jhBnFEOFD6i1dve9rZ6eoNTeNxxx9X+iVfeUXyLG7lIYBcWznB3wkU6p8mig11feq7p1HjFgGMGV/yg/zmrXl1wSoYDyZHhKNvF5UzC0+sHThzoC8eenkUTfEBHr1M4GcDZy19k0FeOJEeUU2mHmwOsTjREO6+WCOrhzMNXe/rulRSLPJwYfTn++OPrAhC88cQHGznscPJLExwqO+to6sSHvqrLCQGLAZx3ND766KPr6y3S7KxbjMAzbaOjOi3EcK59JBNv8NgiDcfaL0PoKzpZGEAn/bZIg06u+ul1FjQ3LuW1cGHBRL/Rwgck9Rud4MB5JnPk17ce9MN4xDsf1/SqCcdWv+28owMHGs+9/mHRxLi34MJpNwakW5CCL36RX3JjIUuaMWMxxUKFuo1HiwXoTzY47fqjXmMSLfFAf9GPHJJnC4xegTJ25NVvR/KNEc9w1aY6yLFxbqEmx6+FI/0UZs8ozv6ChTF/4YK6m7thfX99L3hq78aPLRb9tKjog/pu8NBwrF839opZYV6sLfhP7Rn72VK0Jg8WmCxKwCn1z+ZA6wC30EILkxJMaIBiS2MtDck0aqpybIB8GefaTJfWTFdPtmEyUqe0jGeYaM9kId0zhW4iS0gcsoznvCrjmkZz9kG6ycGzCUO7ec30jJNHPeIYnK6Jq3uQedOJ06bJThtAfunymygSZ/1Rvzhp8Ez81Zn1inMPMk/SsAnS1Ce9+QxclWmWyzSQ6QnNtO0VmjTLkLIEUr4mEyTfxuMtkKF7El+buI7vC8jxmWMl+QVcs/wd9VlZ0CyXY9A9vroH7jN/jl96iGGf45NOkgbUl+PfvTbUJZ+60+kSr5x4IA9HQRzZkjcdZ3ncSwecJPUn3vBQrzoSRyAdDqmLONrSs87shzYZ9Qx5eeGXOMiX/YSDdMGz+ug98bnQBR9pyuqjsvLAwz0HTXtC1iO+SW/lOF3qTHzgKfz/7P0HgF3HdSWKrr63b+qcG41GzjkQJEiCmSIpKpCULAfJsj2OY4/t8bzxvP88/n4T3tjPWQ7fkq1xVA6kSFFiDiBIZBA5dqPROefcN4e/1j73dF+AoCSCVrLuvl19zqlTp2pX3qtqV5V4dNta+anw5KfCE9AQ325667380TuRwLXI5V32SgNdBZbEk77VN0oPhaf3AhxKc5F4UT4IUCjeci8gIiM/Bbz0nfjQzKYAqkC7mwYaABCwllsBXHcJgICKZk0FlDUoodlnxVVhKwylgwCc/BTQ0+CCOzsp8KM0EHgSkBEvClfuNHAgUKc4yV7gTMtKBJSUDnovTQQNeghQCogK9GnQRFoC0kQQuNP3Atgf//jHbaZWfilM7QUhEK346qQH+a0+W2rlmj1WOinNlLYC+lozLnAn8KT4Km7SctBAigYvxLfiI+CtgRqlpbQFdIKDgLMGJnRkosJQHslvAWAZgUXNWuuYHuWDBizkVmBf4SuuAtbKA9VRhaOZYwFfAVKB8scff9zSWvmuNNbghUCyBgukii/tAKWx3isuv0DQr3SWurfU6pVHirMAogZOfv7nf97AsEC+Tj+QFoRI6aR9MxQnDQBpCYDW3yt/lOfSqpCWguIg8K/vlN8qNwLO+lZuNAAgLQkNFihe0hZQmEprpas0DuSv3hV6vLjt1lvxUz/5k7ibaVrENHn1lVeYps8Q4M5h65atePChB7GO5VUtiAZwmpuaMTE5gXA0gvW0Fz8aSFLYGkxQeVW5vhHKA+A85SlPP5AkwUINmytIiNRZybiCo+5d4ULkupWd+07G9ccl1y6X3O9cUvgiNyw9y091tC7lfuP66V5l8pSnGyW3LF3PiFQOf9DKmMtPLp/u9YetTuTymhsfkfvsxim3bREJmOi98ii3/XK/k9D8du91r3bG9VdX9zvXnUjPAkJqlyRcyy+Fq6u+lxAtkh/u93rvAmWBPhcgum4l7Ou9vte9hHSBIPkpnuUu11/5JzcCdvpO/MmdvhW5fIlywa6+Fd96Fg+y03u5dd2L5Jfe5/YFuW2/jOzkj+5dcC2e9Cy+ctNMbmUv4CLgJrfyW37KDwFB2eleYet7N776Tn4pzXUvexdUyj+5VRyUzgLOSlfdyx+5c/mW/3KnZ/GpZ93rKvfyW8+6F29uWulbGT3rncuT7sWL/NRVAEb24kf544YtUOQOEojkTu4F5NwwXDey17PLp9zKje5d//Tsgnvxpe8UB6WF3il9lQYi5Yt40XduPN24yehZfimtVBYUhuzlr94pPwTaBcoF2MSz/Ja/mrUUeFe8BF41+6gwxLPeyQ/FS/4KwAlAiQ8BboWnuAp4a/BCgwHiW2EKwMqd+BRglr8KT99oEED1Qt8J9GrAQPHXs66Ki/gTXwLyMm6Z0npxAXeBXxfQa78I8SFwrVla8eymm8C39kAQ3+4aePmvARG9EwhW+ALzGggQ30przf5qhlgz9eJVPAuMyp3ipdllLXlQmgioKlyBWPmtcinArQEBaUp86lOfsgEFpbvUzeWvNh/U/h3KEw1CCPhrJlgaBzqSUPmkPNOyBc3kK/2Yo6ijf1LJf/gDH0BFWRn+6A//yADyldYrFm9pFWjAQDz/v3/wB3j8iSeMp3gygfvf8x4bDNDAhvjToISrsu6m2TuhPADOU57ylKc85ekHlCSMudfcewkxN9Lpfzcpl59cXkU/aLx+O7qWXzceLr3de9lLAHXzSMa1l52MhGpdZZdrXHe54MAFUhLwJdi7wEDk+pMLFnSVoC1yBUP3WX4JXMgf1w/ZuWG5JH9cI9I7CaH6TiRgJICluImv3G9dkr/uO13dexcAyQ/dS/DXO5GuLl9677qXXzK6d9NTs42KnwCLvnHD071r5F5pJON+K39d4CP/ZaerAIreyU+9c/0QyW8XwMkvuREpHnqWfwJYrl+yl38yAiqyE3BW2svIvfgR6Z3Cdb8VKVz5q/i4PMu9nmUvdy6PepZRmLLTvezlVny7gFX3uoon8S/3cqNvxI/s9Sx+BRhd/uRW9/JTaSA3sssNU3YCTUoDPYvkn/xR/si9Zg5FAoiuP/JX7xQfN63lr3iV3+LXTRc9uyR+5UZ+ifTejZ/rLtdOV4Xl2rnplmvn8iPS+1z/9Ozy536r7/SNru471+07odxvZeSne59r7xr3vRu2y7PSVGVMyw6U1gLdAs1uXqv+CpAL7CqPBF4FIuWHypcAsmao5V5q1oq7VKAFRKVirjX2GgjQjK8At/YE0FXhCZRrtlzfS8XfPcpS/mpWWrPayrMg/V6yeAlB8odxZ3bju0/9zSex97XXCJZHUE8wrtnje+i3yuFXvvQlmyHuHxhAhsl0y+7dpj4vNXTxJ6DsrgG+EcoD4DzlKU95ylOefkBJwotLufcSnN6psPXdprfjJ5fvHxZ6J2krYVR0bZ64gqooV1CWsKp7Ca+6uukjt3qnZxe4uN/ngiQJ564Anyu0y62Ah4RNkcCHC0hE+s6d5ZOgq2d9JyN7kd65gr/CdGeb9KywXIHZ5U38ileXH9npnQCR3LmzsC5ocMOTf7q6YYnkRiR3unfBlUtyr2f5rW8EuOROcXH5ccPRs+InHuRW8dJV4EDfyY3rTnFXWC5f8sMNS270zuVRz4qzeHDBnUjpLjd6dkGmAInCEiltFJbIjZN4y7UXue8UvsuDy5fio+dr/XLTzbVz3creLUcuuenj+umG4YYrt25cXR7y9N0jN32V5jLKh9z0F7nP7jv3WeVAJtedypRrlM/Kf7nRvb6XvWbHBT71TmVf79Rm6F6q5Sojcic3KvuasZad6pDKtu7lTt+pvKiNcAc89I1mxcWL3qkOyF5hyWhtb4B1Q/7rvXaGDrKN0Dt+pEg78eN1jEBcvOtdIpVEmP6oPmmmXeGIh9z4v1PKA+A85SlPecpTnn7AyBVy3o5+EAXTb8XTt4vPDxp9u/RVfGQkVMpImMsFFteaXP9cECIjyn2vd7qXYCeQJZLg6YIfASu9d0G03MveBa66d0n+6r3sZeRefsoPhS1BWAKlBEzXHzceEojFg/u9+538kLDrAjvXXwnBJsRm7dx4u/7pXuTGVcYV0t1nl3c3XUQK33Ujkht9J97kt9JF791v3HDk3uXBfRbpe9eta+fy9MNKblwVt9yrSOmUm555+sGi3DLoGvdZ5TuXct8rj/WtWzdce5fcMuD6r6tr3Lqte7Ujbn1165Xqub6XEem93ObWV131XvVPRqRv3cEihSF7tQmy17e+Qh8KFSfxQDArf9N068ZTuz7zJd0uLOVw3Xi8LMP8zo2Xwhew1nu1fTdSxvMAOE95ylOe8pSnHzDKFWgkcPyw0NvxmhufHxb6VukuQcw1IleglBFoyyU37u7VFSj17Br3WxmXJDTqnStUyuQKvK4RufbXkt5fzz5P/3bILQ8uOMgtFyprNwIO8vS9IbduuvnlXkV693Z191r3usrkunfLhYzbVqltkr3KhfvOLSNuu6X2RqRnAeTc9sclA7RZd/reHaAT4HWf3TXRmq1VmJPjE2LUngt9fjJonyOZBdbyX0cj6Zxg96gkNzbJtMO3ZpQF0G1WmG4FtHXv8vJOKA+A85SnPOUpT3n6AaNcYcMVatyrKPf9DxqJzx9k/vKUp39r5NY3XV0jEhjJbTfy9INFN5o3yl8BTpH8cI1I71xAmut/7je55cIdPNO7XIDsPmtwT0BY5GqBSCNEoFPv9L3CEyAVGHX907e5wBqEmzrr17WTe9cUlZQgQFAcjUToV4LfexAIOrPHmhlOgd8KFJMUD/nvGresv1PKA+A85SlPecrTvxlyO12X1EG6pA5dnaXeu8KA3rsddp7ylKc8/TBSLgjIvXdBQp5+cOnt8kf5eG1euqR+TqBTdi4I1b3br7nf5fqh9wK2Lrn+uQDV7RddEjCVGwFd+SnSs4yrOu1qvrj8yA9tUKer1ujqW4FlvfPRvalB004Al9w5as/8XtcCCz+NRDx7nnpWfToei8FTyLD4nRsf8aMwruX5nVAeAOcpT3nKU57+TZA6Yqld5W48k9t5q9NWxyo7d4Rcnbi7JjJPecpTnn7YKBcAqA3M0w8fXS/f1D+5eXvtexcIqt/SO/e9+42e9U7PrnHtXLe534iu7QPVV7rfuOT6fT2+XLtc/65ya/8W3H+/KQ+A85SnPOUpTz/0pM46t3PXBj9Sx3J3rpS9gK/cuOpauSPYecpTnvL0w0jXAyPuvfsuT3nK09WUB8B5ylOe8pSnH3oSAHZBsEagddyJAK4EQQFgqWEJ7Lo7XOqdALJmiwWM8yA4T3nKU57ylKcfDcoD4DzlKU95ytMPPQnUuiBYsx4CuqdOncLFixcN+LqzwQK+U1NTBpB1yL8O0l+1apW9z1Oe8vSdUK7YmB84ylOe8vTDR/lFT3nKU57ylKcfetKZgAK+mtF11wC/8cYbOH78uIHeDRs2YM+ePbj99tuxevVqNDc349lnn0VHR4eB5jz9CBJxnMqMGecRWr2mHUfT8za55q02Mvom1yz4dj3zVsoQRLomwrI4nYhjOimTwAzNLM1cKoFYJolkQRpJcuj+0rRzTILfK/Qbo4JMmiZFDlgXCpgCNGmaVI7Rs+wVywIZfvN2ccpTnvKUpx9kygPgPOUpT3nK0w89uerO7kzw8PAwenp6sHLlSjzwwAM2y1tSUoKKigrs2LEDmzZtshlhzRRLBfrfItn6P8MnLvjSswBMkoZgJu1sBCaSLlgylUGSNy6scY0ozc/kNNf+W5l0hnmRY2RZQH4WoJ5MLunp6rcyaamm8/uC9DVG/vGLDBlLpQgM03Ek0jHEUxHEUmFEk7M0M5iJ0GgX0pQAW/bbFE2yAIlwAvHZGBIJfs9YxwguIwR4MwUEmwVJBptm+K5husxfMwSETMGrDKFj1ij+DqDMmvnYODHMJcfWSTMZhoqYDNMqzm8Fa5MKj1fXjanr60/Gw7hQkvPoynd5ylOe8pSnb095AJynPOUpT3n6oScBWak6C/S564BF1dXVqKqqMvCbuyO0QPLY2Bj6+vpsffCNkoESgR6aBEFWNJ4wsOXayQhURmIEW0mCc34gI3uBuwXg5AApzbKlDXwRpJrRTpwyhEp0Z8jHYJQDpYQtHSIA4r05IZhLJrXuec6OlCBnjPcM04bQKjXBgIYIzGaRiE4jEYsSRJJHBh6NZwgaCbqYhimGlyBATmmWTyCWgDFFN9cC27czxttV5lqbXHIi4drOu5qPG+naT64i56XiLiDo9XpYFpwNzjQworMn5dW8F7phJtCpuVV5kQvXlfsT5bIg0vN3YhzKfVqwvR65Ln0FXgQ8hQh6ZXwI8Orns49Xr8dLHiW2CeyKW/crD7l17P81SDH/ViZPecpTnn7YKQ+A85SnPOUpT/+qZPChQCBQiqQCnDILorOJ7Xy0GTmZnJm9dythC9gmk0lb0yuw29nZicnJyXlgLECkq9Ski4uLDRi/m/W/mjkl3rWrE1OCESIxe6ZRdFK8EThOkwcXpQoUy17vXbMQ+QVbB0q+Dc3jnauBz8zMtG38VVxUBH/Aj3gijtnZWcSiMbrMAiXyECgqRjAYMJaIFREq8iIUKEShkCGBbzqVpBEAJjDj+0KvZjOT9OF6JnG1Kcg1cX6nmefcuOTGb+FeRnDO7pVnSjPe84Y8L5isrbmUKEPYy3joOKsgvAUhhllkpqAwhIwviDTzXU5VHtPpKAH/HN3HUehLMV40LKuFfFsonwSOpQls5ZOQM8fQJvsz765rjLL5LJMTIzPfigpZNgPkNUCw6+e9ALGP974CQV8X/H5rP77bpHTPU57ylKcfZsoD4DzlKU8/MGTAaf7ngCcHQGXFXVfqNXIfFsy1v+u5eSvRTuvasjNuBWY040Zhn4K2Zt0WxN08fUdkAOX6ab6Qitm762XJDZDlU9aITP2XJBCse10FjN31vkUEhwK/AsHvSgVausHJuBkf4x30CYrRLhFDKhZBMjJHMBVHiADSx3LlzSSz76PIJBMOnqM3DtcOQBKIFtR0VmQ6xgHXC4kl9868n/M2m5qkDELBEA3BH0GTZoDnZmJkhy4yXrr0Mh0yNPKR4RDkxeME47QzXgQ66UchH0JEvQJhGQF1vlNYXoJGAdq3mmtA71WAmHXKYnAtLcTnWlpIk4XrVXSNpVtP9cslD9PAa++cMpFhOVAZkNq0ymgB4+eWGeNHoxYEwNni8xZSGtn1LcaBtjILtt+eFmCxYwjT4eedb94QFDNMwnum49X+K6eU8wvm3dACF67/38osuMtTnvKUpx8+ygPgPOXpe0qUZCRZZY0JZNlHyV38myfdX23c3wIwdIxWh7krxG6cHOE3x8jOefUWoszsGIWpjVMIAgrSFHJdQyH/KmMC8DWGkdaMX4YeKe7a2CXBX7wghlhBhNcIEjQprYhLEyhQcC2gQ+JS597W1mXFPne2kcZds+c+CzaYO7k3dU4GRpt5MjcCReJLVxnnu1x6u7TI0/XpbcuOa7JlyBzmmhskzeoKyLjXJMGuKBcA6yrwozOAY7EY5ubmbDdoPd8oCYII0AocOgCRsITlTPZgXcgQaHnZ0/p9hDDZWVXVFwPOKo/XkNLGrrzRjLFMhu7E+/xLI6c1sLR0jdzyV+jXTCiBbkKAP02QX4LqmloEQ8VMY4FeAV7NlNMkxJN4lR39YDqpTovPZFLrY6NIxhJIxcmDNVLMpBsxylxdrubYjFuP3844g1PMI16lGu5sxKRvSVoAW+Dlk6CjgNnVvstlguEqh5MextfLuHjjNFGkPVFmIA3idMx8YlCBtAfBVCEKU/LPhZzG+Dxd21ZqctoxynsHGuq/a94Jzful+6wxH5Qtyl+VITNq9XnlT1cZpzTkKU95ylOevh2pbc1Tnr4rpK5YxoS4bNd8PfMWeosj/WPvn+PatTFDYVdikitoOHe0oZBg99nRfUFEjfm7G5Ykc4ytvaMbJxQJGY7gtLCpifxw/V8gxStFAJWgQBal0QYqsWSCAqMEX35FfxzgJYBIEJeMU46LmqFkiTSFT828JBhYgkykKChafBSmGcWP6ccwHKP1ga5JXmUc7m+MxOd3SibL6upcsjfvwIO3ITeFLc3M5lpSGO8+HKOsV45Aqeu8VZ6+33T9zP+OyWYCaQR0DTRm7XTvqkBrxlczwFKD1kZY72YGWJsQeQppvAWIRSOYHBsluA6bXSHtfAS+adb9ZCJGHtgusA3IpBI2wypV43mAkyVnVs+ZM02ysrF5cIZm1Dbo/Xwh1ewx2xNr52KM4xyvGijiK7Y98SiBHtPAWwhEwgmMj0YwPRlGJMa2wxsi+PMjzmZDzgMBpYkUbPlE0J5ORpFKzCEem2X7xPZKbYxmz9VQqQG4EfO25Na879SQcrzTrdvGC7trgl9jH2yG1cTalThf+J5fm2ub9VVZkE1GHxjopwN7zXcE1Jo9/7aUy1aO0UXpeo31W8z1yHpKfUy25o0GJpinNmjBPEgygglGLMFrnHZ2TWXXa98gqb+x0phxjMrh2xpLG+cqNfE85SlPefpho++ghc/Td4vU0aU00i6TppHAxk7OOrxs7+mMuJtzpOgmQUGK3R9fC1Q6wO96xgFPC8YBVfQ2C6ZsZiyLetTtXbUOj0DMrtaxCeDp6IWEzQxo50x777qRp3JHY5ufKHyG5QLLKDtkO76BQpWAomscPrKfulzw4bqGLubBLI3cuyDRjHHp+pMlkxIZT15NCJY7XiUkxGgSSnN+IeP83O/53/mjUWhXk1LkKnqLBShwFsIX8FGIIgeUwFIxCrwJSTB8KcFBa9EolRbQXaGfbil4+nwSlFkhr1MjlQL6XTcwo7ezv3FismfT4O3JCZVp5KGA7ymcNymPj3m8YJJ8TupKk8gxEvKzPjizJmYcf+1qRmXAsXNIHLk5vkB6ejtzPbr6XfbJ/q7+zbsyppzbPH17cpPrO0k2N5VzUvtd0fyAl4ANyQW9umpTJBm5SRI0aAZY64M1G3yjZMFlzdDgAM6ePonBgQF79hL8ygwPDWGgt4dFlzyprSd48WjzJRr7lBF36rhLrBW0S/GfzQCzH7Cfe51PKN7o3q2wzoO1eQL1Mj3d3XjiiSfwd3/3D9i79w1MTEwzPXxm1B55CdKT5GdyYgpRbYjFHibN9tphJ2P8+0IB1uUUgZbqnmZGr2eItHOMVtNebbxkUwBKNT7XuOTw/lajMNVfiSeZLCpkoina1owo+nSqiew4AW+U2RmO0IRp4kCEzmN878wCFyDF9jYT4NWTZp8QY1lR+8yPmb7q03wZxtmAoDxeMG/pm+aNsTNvxLb6Jg2eXtVX0bh9spiW07eQopuNooxkAs3Qyziz9pqZp2H5thl8XWn0Li154V+BnFL2VlK5csujaVRYeSSbxkvS3rtkbuWGV73XvUuue5d072phyJ37nezdeuySO7glo3vX5FIuH3nKU57ydD26jridp+8VCYRSpGB/x044EWenHaNgxKcEG3+txyLI1NVU0ti+CygnBYB5VfP+dsaEgWvtjJwO1+nc1JGpU6Jhx2rAW/3TguN3RW53xK4p5+fYL7xbuL8q4AXLHOJ769SuFplErj9u7Fx3MraJCwUDgSvZp9jJxpnO6lilRua6c40JMLybN3rWK5eyTl17qap5ZWjtGgkikSjzU7vBqiOnnXXo6vBlZCGky07bYUuCgmN0f1X4V/1y7a81+v+vQ5l37NUCFw73C/St/FIyGM3fOL4sPF/7cY7Dd0Bv+UoWZpw3Th7Iykn/BTPvJE/vlHIz/upMzaGs3Vuy+VqL74xy8071TQKyC3q1yZUz4+eQK2TH46yn0ehVwvg7JQG7JMGSTFtXL17c+zout3exnZZidCGSNOebr2DfoWMYm44gVRhE0htAhlcBUOfsVbZF4p3+uYOYUqhO0o8Eja4pm5XLrWPiWd8JcPK+YJbvBEK89FbAm6CTYLGzpw1Hj51Cb8802zw/Mh4f0p6g+aswNBDV3d2P/fsPorXlcnZGlIB4fBQtl5vQ293F9ImjQHrc9JfQ+m3M1YD3WkCs1tH41yCgxcGNh+yyt1eRUsMtN+79tXYLpCdmKfNdM79pW/sci8V5z7Ze7Ws2fdVWEvazPKi1Zjpn38177Thy/JM1zXz7TDuRyo4dnTTfjzikspdgmRKYS7AfiCVS7NtTmIvEWNYcdXSBVretV98uvxwQZz6Yn5rRlXSmAds4710NA6csMw/JSIR+iqGgL0ATRIBX9ygw17j1wQWI8lvmeu/t2VPAPkv8hrODQiyLDENxiScTiFJOicSiCEvTYXoaM3Oz5p/O4NYma67/bv1SOrh2LpDVVfVOdiK5U1i5zwtp4vAtHt2r+04k/+WX65/e5cY3T3nKU57ejrz/43/8j/+Zvc/T95gyWWSlzlBrtdSZqYPTMQ7WA7vEjk9qdnJgPzXw/JmaFm2vNXpvHYa545WWcm/3NLpq5NY6Y3bOaYJfPUsKUb/hhEUyD/W9vtOj1tYJuLnvHHPVY/ZZXtisHjskXaXqZ/ITw5D444hA4sX9Vv9zaOEFSQKGTNaNBeLcZ214zfrlxjlrFEfJJxIMNGygZwlyhTpSQrMRbtzEl6Jq9/pHX3LCyDVXUdaCn1uIIu3Y6c/ONGk22KPZp0Lmlc38KhEUe7rnB2SHHbcEhQwFJYm9mWz+Z73O/nNsctPLsc19Vqo6qXsDdLVH35KudSqxxpnVYC7RWFq4Ru9yTC6Z6G1rhCXQOHFX4jvxuuZHv/i3EKhZ6MHNp4Vn1yx8u/BeP90v8JLljOE7pBrm0Px3+sruXbsffJqPQ/b6faFs3VqgbF7xzy0fzoxY7rPr8p2TKxxLwNZVM7snTpywja7uueceawPm20aSzgiW2bp1K7Zt23bDeaumM6a1trw5cuxNPPX0N7Bk6TJs37GToFUzkkm88OKLOH7iJLZu24Ga2jprA6w9YE6pNFrISgvZZK8CZWofnCRzyqC1nbzKfUFBwr5FRjO5CX6XsPuMGQIXJmYsHkFbewsmxsO4/76Hcd/9d6K0osgAlanS0mgJxulTZ/Hqqy8hGPBh7dqVmJubxslTJ3HuwnkU+kKorm2EhyDL6ytAguEQ4hEsZRBLxxBJE9R7CWr0yyRspljtqtbbRvluOj5N1wlrCwW2bVab/CeYTxFpx1hcPAay1Beq/1HcbcDCIi+j9jFO4BW1wcWUZqI9BNUqNPxWINNUu/l86eIl/NEf/xn+/h/+EV3dPTh36RLOE8j7AgGEtOt1IGRDBxpQgDRTeC3wBpiufqRj9JfpppROaGkKnSg/4rxXXthZu7QzcEveNXNs+UJenT43zbQeQ//QMMLk0UMetdu3wLLiaHlKj3Qsk9ynDLTlzHDKju6l8h7ju6QGRwo9dh8joJ+ancE0gaa+1ZFIQcZJ9yrvNkPMcKRJpkEdgUK3rLugU8/SChDPshOA1LcuqVzpyVphK6MeTM/NoL2jHdMzM7ZsIMNwpgl+m5uabf18eXmZfSt/5ZfArNJDYehZ9c6Raxh/PitcvbP+ke8EnvWNBqn0LJLbpOJP46at7t138kfPrl9ueG5auM95ylOe8vR2pP40T98nUjerxjoSjVjPow5AQFiAqICgN8V3mj9UYy7StZAdhDpMU9l6G7JOgJ2U/JahRfaNQ3qy0XAadRIydhaiTx1ettO4gb7DPrGg+I+duOM/+WbHr7jOv7uK9Jw1EphzjIQoB6BeYxSfnDhZuIrH/MOCWwPi5kfKrtqIJujTmYqW+nSi2Q4aAjG5kZ0DxhxAJu8MGMuYZECbBe/NTu8E7NV1m0hLJykaOTdhRipsejDfRPxAacOrlwz6yE8gWIhQyEehgD7wGzOKI68OqJdIpv/f4ud6/30gcmrmHdF8Hrpf5/qgyOQYJardL1yuev8OjIWSExxLmVOkdM8bzcrY1fjLOvo+kjgQMHwnxopp1vzQ0Q3yrPxSe+fkm/Pskis0S2BOZgVrCd0SvnNno26EpLiZKPAS8LHuBovhLa7CXLoQ03wxl/JgeCaOoek4ZlK0oxmLptE3EcHpli4cP30Ol86cQkfrZYyPjxqPU7NhtPYM4GxTK5rbOtHa2YtLLW2YJNhQMyJALX7jBC8z9JtRMJqZncAVApWWtn6Mjs8gwXZtNjqHK90tGBgbJzYuwSy/iab5LdsVrSkWOFPDMS7Q1tcPH0GJwNOJE8dx5M03UVhUiqXrNmIqWYAr/SO43D+Apr5eXOjqwukrbTje3IILBJmD4TlMEQwPzk7jVEsn9p++iGMXruDslV5+N46OkRl0jUxiaHwKMzHxQEDLoMXHdCSGOc3U8jnDfLKzlMlnOBrLrm8loOM3sZjUZNOM8xxm5sJkWyCVYJzAuJDtelFRIfwB1m82yg2L6/HBR9+HRx97GDffvI3gbQrHT5xAhGk3R/+mwnGMTccwPBlB//A0xibDTKs4JulvOEbwmBaPUaYPywnTWv2w8LLAO7EwwytEUUmRzbJLc2tubtbKkkrcFMM6efosLre0E7QmjXfNyGvmW3knMxeJYmpqGrNzc/Pl1m3DBYdjtIvRLkJZIMr00LnM0VQCLVdaceFik6k8l5YU032B+TM1OYVCA8RBOw9bQFXGBZUyutd6d32j8FyVY9kLjBpAz/ZThQSzGrgV6B4ZHcXzL7yAx5/4GiYZzgjL0qHDR/HE157Em8ePk3/HD/mruOiq+ubWP9depKveCSyLJ5cP1UGX5Matp7q637j+yoj0rLjKLxdMy+heJL/zlKc85entKD8D/H2klNbFagSTfYNG7KU6KzWpDCVY9RdjE+OYnZ1jp+W3xl6kxt9Zr0Tg5NUhCY68KLHevbePrfFXZyT7rHECIqZyOluvx5mhFOiytWjZ4RB6vUBZTx0r+qLOLGuXa3QRGVBkh20zvxRuTEVYHRddmFO9d42es0a8ytIAb45xAbCBVSMTE3ghs/TX+Va2jrnare75y6ZdbgdKn5kUEpYXgO68MedOXHW1R7t7G+KLrFP6pKQnB0TABr75z2ZsZJgmUoM2FUPlET9w1sQt/Myef4532e/kuSzsva4ke76GJKFd98W3J3mr2ThFxMnjbPxlzE/jZv5+wei/Bho0t8MrjRQd7cq46P5ak10NSDcS9QQ8nAhblpufjk+6akjBLT32zvgRt8r/bHyzPBrPusruGuP461wdN/Ijx1g5053zZuE7CV6O8PV9pWuCd8oK/5jGZszOEfpcgVHkxOJq0nv3mmuupdw4Xy/+stN3rqDpPitsN5VFxpvc8Sq8pWcNDNmGPfzGvta3vEiwl386C/VGSGG7wvXg4CAOHjxoxxzdfffd9k7GFZQvXLiAK1euYNeuXVizZs18mr1T0jxslAA4yqJ88XI7TRuWr1qD9Zs2adgNU3MxXGi6jBGCv+033YTSiio0t7bj5JmzGB/sxXBnCzo7uwwMFpdX4AKB5Sv79puqaZLpdurkGRw+dAjTBB8NdbUoLytRAhL8RTEyMo3XXzuPvftfwRtHnsPevUdx9kwn3jx5jmH7UVIRxIkzB3Hk2EX2LVUorSxFdX3Q2vwAwUPAH7BaNtA3QIAZxebNG9BHnk6dPYWVa9filjvuRln1YrT1jGLvgZM4e7GbQDsAYnWCsVECvQ50dc2ionwxKisrGI9x7N13Gd29cxgbz5iJRggUvWUYHBrApUsXCBo1E1tiwLalrQ0dXd2orasj2IqjpbUNQ8NDtmt1Ed1o1rGpuYlg8gp6evrQTMB9/MQpgvQ41q5dx74wQ6CsmVgHlGpW9tibJ/Dq3r1obGzE7XvuwNLljUzLOYbVjlXM55LycvQPivfzOHe+GU3Mr86uPgLJOfj8QZSVlmCSfe+ly63oHhrDwPAoRscnCVYjLKsasGT5KvQQ2EZthvlyy2X09fciHA6jhN/29ffh9QOH0Ds0bgA+FCpCcYniMmezpq0EscPDwxgc6GfKZ1BfX8f+IskwJ9Db04NJAulJRqipvRWX29vs/OKyinJMTE3i6JvHbX25tBokL2hwuSRYxH4lha6OTly53EI+Z618C+yKXBApO9VRAfX+/n7mxSW0t7fPA2Mvy4Q0FujUZn9VJ6V+PUwAfJn++ulu2/YdGBoaRhvzLTIXxvIVK7B2zVorT269yl1SoGsuiNV7PWvwSbzkGr0TeNU3agMEbnOBrb533bp+ieRWANqdeZb/urph5ilPecrT9SgPgL+PpIZencXMzCx6e/vNqAMPhkLssGM4c/YsO/1elJWVsmP2s/MleNAMIa92tiEBrCvgXm0ofPJGAMwhCbj8mh2FhE6nYxDoLaTwow6iwEbWo1FHHcoJI0vyKAtC7d5CcP8v0FXP9ENqUiKBBwaW4yDH5fU8mbdzhHrRgjDtOHCAmcP3Aok/x50B/aydAIxemW9ZPsKRMDv1YRu5DwYD5osZ/jNfs/EUINQv+2fGyPX+OmRpzu+0lkozGXORuA1iSLgUDxpZFx/qpCUAapZjloKEZjRmZsM2cx/0+RkVC5nG6fAd4v28ffbd/HXh6UZIUXIA5HWIXrq+Xuv7/HPOi7dz69KCPcuIQFDWRrllacdcEFASWfkhGQR202GeT8e9BnTs2exV1nXrpIZLji/mxEj1TiqyyodAQDsASxMjTCF12t5LvTCumRvVM22jK6K/rjDnCmEuT6o3EsA0m5ErrKmOy4hcgcx4exsjNwrD/UbuFT8BQ7qgGz1n3dAoPFsvSNK3ipfea2DLWWvoqFvmkty5V9e4zy65vLh2ufF2rzIiPSscPS+kib5b8M+IZVc2xntaQirbGbq1jekYD9vIh+9NKyKb7zdCLo8jIyN48803bafne++913jLpaamJgPAUn9euXLlW95/pyRtD4FggfqLBGinCWw3bFhPsLCVzZSj6nmljUCxuxtbtmxFKQFYR1eXAYnF1eW4Zct6bNy+DY1LlwvF4UJzq834rli5Gjt2bMeqFUtZVmdxgnHRcFBDQwPizGcBsPMXCKSPd2LPHbvwoR+/D/e+5wGsWLEFl5q7MDUbxbadmzA+24OR0Tj23P4oduxah6JiHdvENGZY2nMixnb/4vmLOHniOMtuAYZGhlDg8+DWO+/GohVrMJMowMnmXjxHcK2Zy/XrVpG3ZSgtK0ZrRzMuXjqDlasb0LC4HE0tlwww3bxrE5Y01sDrj9G/dhbkaebxLJpbulFWWYX6xYswxvr35NPPEmg2Y+dNN6F/aAQvvvQy+gYGUVNXb+2RAN+Xv/pVAt9W+DxB5mUZ28kIwWacPKyBPxgiUPKxDjNGTGuBuKHhQZy/eA4rVy3HXXfvwcDoIE6fP0c3IdQ3LMfkTBLnmG6tHcO4fKWX4XchHGOd8QVRx7StqK5AzxBB7KGDOH7uIt204sz58+jo7DI16praGpbjNC5casKTX/86DtLdEMG92viamhoMDg7ghVf2oqm1C+ME0qtWrUYdAf7I8AhOnDxBMHnZZozb21oxTVC7bi3jwTjo+YknnsDpixcRZlk8d/4C4/8m2jo6rDz3E/i+8vJLzKeTVm4HCGJrGZ4GmPe/sR/PP/ccTp06ZQBcVFpaOj/jq7ItkCiQrvIoEC8QLCArnquqqsxebYeM1QV+p3ZoYnLK3GmNr86Xbmu9ggTllK2bt2Dnzh0sSWm0ME7j4xqwn0VLS4vxp/ZQ4av+iYcJAvzOToJ0vlPYLlAWAJdKtQYF5FbAV+2a1KunpqasPRXffX19Zi8/dZUfWsKgjexGDaRfNj4HmE5lZWXz4eYpT3nK0/UoD4C/j6TZwe7uLhw5ehQXL15ix9GKVgpKUmEUUDrGzr+7tweNSxpRUVFhHbyPHbwEYQnoul5NjsCpNl8Nv2MkxDqqf5o51voggedCzR6bMA3boGN0fAL97IAEkIvLSySrmjH/zEh4Zedo67sIOAQyTf9Xgq8zi+qwQ1cCvzKykiBrnZCES8enBSPi1W6z32etFZZzdcgRneXWceTuJuqS+6k74+28yvpBVtSpaz2TdtIeGRtlOreyE02y86/NfkchQYZPTqepMHilcZ6yXl6Psi+znxlfUzMR5mkzXt+3D4cOHkQ7hQYJSCUlxdaBS419hsLCEIWiSXbyI6MjJiBLja2GAqL8cfIsOyAhv0kShCwEC0zP9p8m6yALHBx3V5MLVGQk4Og6P1pPIUPqh3KTZJhai+cCAq0PlypclMKvghI/AurSVtDMhUfrD1N8J5OM8T4GT0ZHPEUoYMeQikdpJHiRvbTWKQqwpRCPzCERj5Flj21YozJS4CX4F/jU+juiIQ3SOGqQ5IceKG1VpgQ2bFBH6cS0tBSgP1o2oCflpFuGnGxUPiqNnHQKhyMmsMkP5YmimmRctIGN/NfMmPwS+HUBsKVdinywHFk6Md1k54JDCWrujIWbPwv55OSZO2vxdmR8Zt2592JZcbHYsA2wcMm3TwMlfC+/tTRCKosSbGUv3qcoVMZiEYQCQXMjY14wsvrOzV+XLKycq1P+nDV2Bqzpp+5lp3iK3GcJvhJKJXS64cgb1y/eOfWJ/Ct9laZOHXbqZkJpTT9t7bzeOx+9I8qNn+4lFB8/ftwE6vvvv38+3m5aSGBubW21GeDly5e/JT2+U9IsreLgY7lopfB/6vib2LB2FW6+aQf8tFM5P3zgDfR2teO+u+/A4roqTE+Mou3yJbSeP4lgKmIAqayqBkNjE9h3+BgutrQjygrQPzSGSCyBtvZ2tDQ3o766Gts2b0ZdTaXVi337L7IPyWDPfbcgUBlmmgbg89fhfFOvzTqv2bQMfeOXCOB6CErvxprNZUzrKEIepjN/CdZh7YXQfOkSXtu3F+WVZZjSms/ebtQvXYHKJSsQTvtxsWscx861YsWyYnz4/SuxbFkQldVJdPWdINjej+07l6O4zIumyydQW+/Fffdtx+JFQZbJKVy8fIjgdwx19Q0EcTM2ALBy5XJTu977+gFeJ3Dr7t2Ym50moL9kAF/AP8h8a2IenTlzBhvWbcBDDz6MLVs2WQ0Oh6NYu24tAkG/pb0GDycmpxFmX9ZPAHrk8BEDVRok+NpTT+FSyxU8+NB76e8WxFknItE0brp5Bx588A6a+whCVyIWjROMFaK+thy1VRXYsHETbr7tDqxaudIGTWdnZ7CEfbFmljXz+/wLL6Kjow2bNm3E1i1bmCbLGMdaC7Ojuw/+onLyu9l4lrqyqr6u9fX1jOMidHd24NKli1i/fi1qmK8CtN94+usYJODcee+9WMSwNFB0qbmJQD+I5StXoIcAcrB/AOvXrcOuHTuxY/sO9HR14cknnrKzmrdv344K8r506VLU1tZaPVW9VHnXvYFc1jVdh7QzOcHihg0bzK3VC6atZAJWBqu/UvnWmuOxsXG2JXHm0Sz6entZXutxxx17sIjXs8yfr3z5y7beXu2AQOgrr7xiQLecea34CsCeP38er7/+umleCLgKDIsH1UnV06OUgwTGq5UW5OvAgQM4ffq02amt3se+VCBecdPgpfzSAJfio/evvfYa9u7dy/rQjbVr11o5ylOe8pSnt6Mb6/Hz9K9CExOTOHP6DJousYNjZ1+/aBFmIxG0d3Xb2iwB4TkK6uqPAkEKNuy09CBBXmDt+uQIgXptRjbsxNRJSHCWsOq8d77XrIsDxIbQzY50lOBQ5PhCertgcmnesRPWvJHF/PeOI3c2S29t8y/e21pnujeGs+Tyaztg65mvZbSe1jZLoZ06ZzN8kZBftNQxHbauTUWbgp2M1OQE6jQjKzclJeXs1CO2jqm1vYN+CDJrfZZmAQn0YklMTc04G66w09caMHGsHZ2VfgJN4lUbmCQpXOh+fhdMWzM1hSiTOVgSgvZU8ReXIEk+hihE9A8OERzP2IxXe0eHzQhIdU8qde3tbTYLqXmwaQpblylAXGy6ROErwnCdsJ30Uvwcni3uijPtlYYaDZfgIaMRdDcdJQTp3s0bka6yc0ibrqQwF40hSiFDLrTGcGp6ljxFCaq0RjnAclpoG9DEKGwp/5Q/UQLchNbKEUBqNsxDECa/nA1unPVk2nQsOkO/ZudsV+4U00lCmNTqlH4FBV7GpQBzkYTlgTYN0yY3U3NJtHUM4EpHD+aYL+E4gbPiL8BHoCweBKZsvVpCM4nODqp2FrPiy3jIufLfni3OGatPZeVlDFeAyMlP8SMAyVsWG2d9mQuYBPildhkjYLfUMp4dEKm0zVXpc8qIM0urd5qJlHAowTCX5MY1yiNXjc+9ygh4RiJRpkvE1BGt3vBbA/r0XyTgrjKiQRWth1QdU3qLNw1cuPXezX+Ry6vM2z3LvRsX1w/dL5QZh/RubGzM4pkbhksLftsTr+SL6TIwPIih0RGWnxgmp6doF8/Opl79/Y2SG67Lt0tuvNz3yvN3QyobWtpQoMEg1oN0PILp8VGkCLQC3gKECcRmp8ZRHPShoiSIitIibN+yEQ/ce5cNaH79ya/h85/5jKk59/b14eyJkzjz5nG2Bx1sS8Zw4tRpAwwVlZUIhoKWVioTEdZVzSJrZk0DIIWsL8WBkAG/keFhKxPKfw30jTKdJ6fYPjGBVW/cTZg00CLQJyO12lWrVmEjgV8gGLK2UbOyEZU7flMYLEZlVSOWVK+GLxNCKuFFJuZHdIppEOF1ssBMIFPOTAwhnfDDkyC/g8zrjhn4UKrGAd19AxhkGzk+HUND4zIsWbHaAGNn74C1G7WLGuALFiGSYP1h2oZKSrFp8zYsW7oSwWAZ845tRbKA9yHyr/gUsG0KEjhVoLKiFJXlJWw6UmhqPodvfPNreP65r6OztcnUmiOxApw824bPfO5J/NO/PINPffoZfOVrB/Di3lPYe+AYgf+gHZOk9bYTs1PkcxjT4RkMMx/6CNZiGuDzpHG59QrTpw233Horfubf/Tt88NFHsIeAUEBSaarrbr579LFHCaCXwef3wc9yVlRcbGtzVT+VnyXsG5TuKod+f8BmYlcT6ApUb9m2FTt27mCSFWKY/XJxWSkaCf5WMo8eeu97bdZc6v3ybynB8vZt2/Dehx7Chz70IQL9Haik/5pd1aCUBl3VvqmeCiR+4QtfMPPMM8/g4sWL1l90sv9XmbC6kq3jzh4VPoTnwugl8NVAZT3zp57g0s88KvD5UV5RaW2l4vwQw//oRz9qg0oCsefOnbPyKNORncnevXs3biLv4qeV6dhyuRntBMPNLG/jlHcm2V9fGJjAsyea8PzpK3izdwKXxiPYd6ED57pHMJ70IMqy3jY0ib0nzvEZWLl1O3bd9xAql65C+9A4ptg/JVT32Z5IjlK7qZlqM2wfZfKUpzz9aFMeAH+PyO1YrHMhSWiUutLLL70CL4X/PbftwQcf+SAeZed1066b2OkXUdBPscOlYCVhX4aCo9QapQaboHAggCZBUiBQwqPUpiXoS1CmyGfCQ1yCL4NU8x8IFZnKmNr+ZJy9Bu0lCGp0WULHstWrUVm3CDMR+kM3sYQEX37J8NIMT6BFMqxmMqcpHGiNmsCSwpAwJlVeAaYZCmdJ8iugos07bNMW8cKAx6amMTw+iSgDkGClDV/GJ6dtjdWc1ljZIiSHvzgBR1qAhuGG6edsmIbXyZk5AjXa0c007abZaSquSos5fiO1Y/mfoF+zjEuUoCkmcEtAZmCXnecsv9FOnZr9lrsw3wlEC1hpNauPaaIZUaWjgJM2lLFNQ7VJGP/iFNq1eZkAkY5Vkiq1BBGp4JVXlBmPe984irbOLmzasg0/9uM/QSHpMQpym209mEDhXDhsAkmSwtYcgaGEUqluKbzO7m7bTfb5F17C0MioxU3gzo7FoLFZJ+aFunS9E6hWGgk0CfjKuOSCEglZAkV6FlBW3rvCv8qjlRu5YxroquZBfEr9Xt8JqNuMPsMsLPQZvyqHcaZ1mgKyj8K3z6ejXShg062fglchBTAP3ar8iX+towszrvLDo/WH9JueW7orL7p6+tE7oPgq+ALMMH8vNHegpa0LaQqNhMZ2nqeKiQC/wKwGAVQvBP4UDwFgxU1aEqozVp7IozPwIvBI4MgbCY8S3BRVpY8LiiQ0CiToXpvsyE/NLvsDUrVcWI8vUrq4a+hELnCVX/JTAFhrUTVTIdVAl9y2QMYFlJbGWRAuvnRvM8ESQiVA046pZuFrUGJgaNAGrPS9jijpIkjSrKfSVgBZ7rVL7LXkhuuS/HPjlHsvfmT0LD7ce/e9SwLsiqMEXt2Ln2ucZImWsqfRjM3p06dsBlYaGc0UghWfCOtTVJsC3iC58dJVfIpn5V9unHV181qkdL42Tu+EfCxiQW8GQQKjpfWVWL+iAYXpCMHgCK9ReFNzWNlQhdt3bkJlMetbbBqVoQLsuWkzfus3fxX/4T/9FlYuX8Z2Lob62hrsuu02/NjHPoaPffyj+KmP/QQ+/GM/gf/w67+B3/+D/4Wf/umfxPLlS5m32qTIj7Xrt2Ptuh3sJ2AbS01FM6w/YbbBKdQ3LkdpVSXSPpaxQgab9iKacNSEBRrTmaRtCqj11tJ4WLZ0GcHJrdi562Y0LFlu65SPnTqD6UgYypH+SbbV02zrZ1kmk8Uo9tRjWc0mNFZtQJmvkcC3Gr4UwwsX0QSRjrIepYqQiYSQmC1EbeUiLF5Sj77+Ibx58iwOHTuBkrJyrF67Dr39A7ZGVst/aupqrY5K3ZqRpF0RikvLbNZXfJeUhlRQ2Yax/2E/IGKpZJ4mMTY5YeuGGxoW4+Mf/xl87l8+j2effR4//4u/ZPVU2ifpdBxTUxNmurs7GHY3Ae4QJibH2C/MsGxOYv/Bw/jTP/5j/Pkf/xm+/IWvYO8rr+Ds6bPs35yNyCa0ERcbqaWr1ti67aiWELG/VD8zO6M1tkNWJ6trqhgHpj3rxYXmK3ie/f3Le1/Fi6+8jCss+15/IUrKywykTc1OWztezrZkKcvkErYDS1iHy9ieTHZ2IM6+QstjKqtrULd4MYqqqjEZY1tWTABa3YDDF1rwV1/6Cj576HVcmpnCuNeD4QzTMa0hJQ2OzuIK69nrb7yOw8eOYYb9aqqoBH//+Nfwy7/7e/jUZz6DzivNrNARFLAtZcuMYAHbIMYpzXBKguUEwknW1zn262yLQuUEmimMsw9Xf6KZ8dWUITQT/r73vc+01rTGWLO/uqoNVF3TcoQHH3zQ1uVrtpfFD0tZ/qsbGhFnGz/AfqBpcAqD6RCGUITDrf0YTPoQXLQSFUtWIub1YZJ9/NDkLMLslL3FpahfvsLWq+++824UE5Br8ET9vfpHo6uq90Lbl6c85elHl9j05Om7TRK4JBS6QrFIs4WnT51G04WLqKmqwWJ22OoMNm7eiM3bt1Dwn0Nnb5/NqhX6g/zWEaa1Wcn+19/AF77wRXzm818kSPomLjZfJiAqwODwCA4ePYZvPvccPvV3/xt//pd/hZde3Ytpgg7tXHn2wgV85auP428/+bf4q0/8pc0+SxgiPEJPXx/OXbpoG2/J7djULMbGJ3CpqdlUj1584QWcP3fOhHuNXjsbcEl1NcnOfhCHGe6XvvI4Hn/q6zhxhoICAeYsBYCW9i60EgSOsmPvGBjBoROnceriJYyTpxkKL31DIzhBweL1/Qfx2r430NHRhenpOYyPTqCzrRNHDh7Ba3v34cDhozh19py5fW3/Aew/dAT79h/Csy+8jBdf3YfmK+xo2eFp9lE7fTZTuNA3cvcq0+sbzz2PQ0eP226jk0z74bFxA98xAqMMAVsgECSon6NgcAKvko/X3jiIr3/zGZxvbqKETCBAAODsqkqwzat2HQ0VhQg6wzh4cD+eeOJxxuENtLa1MQ0nKVBN2hqx0+T51NmzaGcaOMd+OOrmGjDQaP+6devs6mEYpWWlxj/Ro11HJijMsRwEi4tsFiBDgUYaAl3MqxkBWJUtSg8aFGihgNHV2zM/+6CyJICn8iYwrPVVminSOiqN9ksNTTN2EkhULnWe4/jkFIXnAVuPrDOMNbAhICXQq9lx3kruZBhSxScgZBoECPrjvmL0RbwYTfoxgSD64z4MauanoAzDvPbOeTCUCCFT0Yhg/QqkSxuQpDCV9FDEot9K/wTL7yjLnMDuuYsUSgcpYEYyiCYZdtoHyl0IU8Acn41ifIb5xvog4Kt8EY8aiJHqtAC7xjH0Tj+RqpzAslP1NHPuiEACrRpwUBrFmB+Kp9JDbpMsuyKBJwPAjLe+jzNdJOxpZtYlFxyKXDDs2rlr2qQhkPuNSwpbRgDMBbyuERCWnd7ruBqBecXJQB3LuGYF+/r75zVJ9u/fb4JmPKmZ6igC5KOktHSeF4Xhhndte5RLciej7xS+vlUcxI/uZe+S/FF6CABrTZ7aB9mZxJnjtdLPEUKV/hmCDbUtTegbIP+Tk2hqbrbZT6W9M8jy7smNh+KZS2789U6UG58bIQ9bUG86RrAXQ0N1GTasXo5EZBpN50/jwpkTuHj2JAtSFJvXr0FVGesyQVh/TxfOnDqOGEFPCcGs0k9rkjWIVVdfj8WNS8ifNCRCqK+vso2SNMA2Pj6D0ZFxlgVnV98Q7YaGxvHmsXOIEngVM48C/hTrfhHWrlmCRXWlCAWKUFVZgYryIIIB5SvLkTZgZBnXYGhCs5oFYVTXlmJJ4wo0ElztuGkNMzeBM8eaMNrfh1B6DqXku47gsyATR5JgPRmLIOj3oqykyAHS9FeDZBlPCgU+thcFUUwlhlBan8aqLRUEvwFsWr4IyZlxHH3tJcSnxrBmaQPTrAJ9vd0EvHO44567sWTFChSGyGtlJSrJS/Wy5QiVl6K8zI+iIHkn32ECvCDzLcS+KMjy4icQ8rOdaKysQVGBH7NDY/AQoPoYz9XsW++56VYEWSdqmTaravz4sfdtwf/1Xx7B3//tb+O//reP4Vd++zH8jz//bTz24w+ghmGtqG3EHetuwgdvuxO3bdiMlXWNBPce+AIlKAiGEKyuw1TKi57JOUyzeM0y7Nm42h0fKstrmR4hUyWfYZ3XoGyCZaOzp9vWfjc0LsbmrZtQVFaCyZlpO0/XHcAOM11DAYJels1i9vdB1vMitmURtt1RutOJAFJFFrDzEAxroLG2vgY7dt2Cypo6nGWf8wrbgcs9nQS+SVtmIO0aa8M8Bbhp1y785m/8Jn7zN/+jHQ22ZcsWPPahx/D7v//7+NVf+zWbodYSDxlRtorYPiS2Hn3VStuo69TJU2yDyGvIaS/VBqiNU51SG2FtFsM0eYFtiEjlVf2drjIqzwLlw0ODKGZfWs62Sv3UOPvmNgLxDP1PRAme2V+Fp2dx667tuHnHJiVy9mz/NMteKUpL1YYXMM2dJRRh8qKBOLU1WfZJ8w1QnvKUpzwZ5dcAf5dJgpY6A1cAde0ERo6/+SaB3hje/4EPYsXKVZpyMZUdrZXTpinaAERrhe6lUFBcFEQBO0IJ0VF2NBoZj7KDaWltZ7vuwfoNG9BLAVSbZvgJmLdu3UYhqhE19bU2yq7R0PMEPTNTM7h99222rqm0otJm0obHKZAcP46my1ewhh3UosWLKGiN4emvP20j3xXFJfBT0NCRDdq8pLS4lJ2aj7zECKba0MIOSucwCgz5Q0W23mp0YopAsQCHjr2J9u5eGy3vZVyPnDhlAHQxhRrNCPZR8Ovt6TVQpt1OA+zUa6tqMT0+hYvnLuCF516wWdTiqmqbuW1ieNphM817jy+A7r5+tDCtAuxA165bY7OV49MzOHTkGI4cO4ZQcRmqKKwMjY7bmriyymoCylKC9HMUvoewc9duCiLlTHP63dKKfa8foFDhpyASx8kLZ5Em2Fuzdi2Ff2ddpVR9lY86KuPI0SP4q7/+azz7/HNM+z5cvtKCva/vQ9/wODL+UgwwbgJDmo2IU/jSLPGiRfUoyoKiSsZJo+ZVvOq5TOulFi1CIQUgAYNX974GrQHbc+edCPAbzWB2dlNwPncWxaUl9p3WbEuoEvgW4Aj5A3j++edN3WzJkiW2VurVV1+19VVac6V1j1J502ykRui1nkqzcTry5KXX9uHU6dOmmSDVS43kOzOIGdtoRWrPKeazBj4mmL9nmYbfZP7805e/jFf3H0ABy0TD4kaCyQjOnbuIw4ePmNF6PK3/6unqgY4EEeCQcK9dTAM+wiEWQgHsjs4e7D94lKBuEGUVdSivKGd+FmJyKkwhPc58rLR1ctpxVeWkNOi3WVlpHuioDs24aN2rNoGZmZ2xtNdOt269kzgkIV1q2xoUmJ5mGaWQqU1zwhS+pUapWWRWWNZRZ82cyrggjgZI5I1moESq0wJWEvpUt2VckjAowU9+u6rxmunUwMTGjRvNjb7PNfJLAqPbXujqfh9memruWvHRjLQ2htEZrV/84hdtfaTy8JZbbrG1dpVVVaZWSS+MJ6l3+5kvSoPc9scNR8YFgPPplHN17+XGjacbV70Tz2rLVKYUT8XPBe5WIM2hc9GNNAF07esfwMnTp6wMayOfU4yH7jet34ggv3VE5ndGiotIfOle2hVaWyh6+OGHjW+9U9yV3qoP4lsqmYsJtNy4vlOyARMGnSbQ8PlDrKvaqCmOrr4htn2DGBiZQlXtEqzfvBPl1Q0YnY7h5LlmvLLvCI6evIS23il0j8yhtnElQcYulIdKMHDlMi4cOYRTr72CfU8/gb1ffxwzAz3YtKLRNs5KRmcRKJRmQJzpfwKXLx5EW3MP+rr6cbnpNFKxAezauhIbVqzCpZPd2P/yXqxcWoq7b9sNL8GY1ztDIOljWWVK+4bRMfwK62YE2zc8yrZtAhUNQwTry5CcXInGegKtxBT6m/pwx/ZV2HPTEhQS5LLior29FRfOX8SG9euwlG266lLPYCfbsDQGR3vQ0n0OI5O9qF0sNd0lCCRLcebEcRzd/7qtfb3lll1WKg4ePmjpqFlBP+uhNFA0K9rUfBntXZ0EPjuwtFobNXlsM6mRkTEDbwI9wmqW9QRB2gOim/3J+fNn0ch29+abb2J+A6fOXsCBAwexajX7CNaj1q4OTCUjyBT7EWEbpPrl9/pQqh2q6T48OYPGilrc//ADWLd+NSJxxmdkGGs3rCcIXM52Ioq29m7jeQXTWKru2qEgWOjFJMud+qyyGtb39esNtM7OzOLc2fO8TuN9Dz2Ae+++E3G2Ld2M262su9p5enhoCGdYJ1auWInbb99jZUszx+rXpZWze/ctKCopw6KGBty0Yyu0DEqz4Fqe0thQjeXLl9gSlr7RAWzbtBnLFzfARzc+5lMgW291TFKxgCfr6mWmrc5NVppvZLzKNaDCuqc+VNoz6u8EhLX7tHbW1maOe/bcwf5iAr29PWzrG1BBYDzB57Mn3rSB3D179lj9Ut3TjK/ahLvuusvkFqlDu2uT1ZbJzZHDh2wgZufOm6xfngmzrSvwoZN9xQrmldIlEg6jhn3BprXLsXbZIvZBzKuCFJrZX0tr5IH33IcGyjlajnT+3HmGewx377kda1evtDRyWpycZsiITzdY3/OUpzz926A8AP4u0/WETAmNAh0nCHDH2ZG/970Po4qdpam4siNP0U1HDwEVQcqyZUux57ZbTWj30w+pq3kzFMgp5M7EkzazWKmOdvMmChwjOH3mgqk5byQArqqtQ3VNHYLs8CJ0K7AoNbIt6zawc1hlm2VITTVJP9s6uzHKjm7HTTcZ8OhjB3fpUjNu2rkDj7zv/bbpxtLGJQgFi9g5SjwlDKLANzhEYWRsAivWrMVSCgKNK1YgSXATYTwa2QHF6dZbUopedpKzBBXL6G7jtq1YsmI5Quzc6hsasYW8VxD8DfYPo55gddsW8l5ZaaO8U6MT2LRtO973kQ+jcdkKCpOjaOvoxJ677sYuCq5ay6tdV7WWVBuAaGBAQE3HZowxjR944AFs3rTRgOJpdo5ay6bBBgngGoV+6KH7DdzO0p9zfN/b24f77r0bSxob0D8yZDOz2iREGz8FvIUUuPy23i7g97Fjdka8P/pTP4WPfuxjTLsdFB58qKmvw+qNm21mfHHDIjz66AdtXZdUhglJbNZdgpuAgniQ+q6otKwMRQTyAlm9zKujx96kAFCGe++/jwDZR3cJA1InCH60ucjixsVIpBI4ffYMXiHIXUrwKRW5xx9/3MqYQJHK2bFjx0zg10Y7Ar261+yvwLfW/GlW+MTpM0hT+FlJPrUmXcd13EqBq45Cp/h2wF4MPsZd64Clst3LMjoXT8FXtwRhP8tjggJFkPk4GcHrR0+hc3Ac/rJaRDN+jM4mcLGtD97iaixbt572mlHUzE2KcYCpDza3tOHFl/eju3cQtYuWsnzWURhP42LTFYL8Dnh8XoL/c3jp5ZcQi4SxQgIe01ACrwRlzWJrJk31Rpu2aIahorzC2TjOhB2VWefM0337Xscbb2jGtA2XCIK0mVtlVaVpOWgzlUOHD+M46+eRI0fR3zdg4Fgz6pqxOHLkiM22Hjp0yI4SEQ9KWwl+Fn52N1JtxiK1YAl6GgDQrLzKqAvURG77IAFRQNKdKRaI1uCFyvAghbxx3ks9VAK3ZgWnKRRK88PHur5i7TrEU/RH6oos3xoc0GZqPs380H58Jorezl70XmpjmRxA+3A/xqenUchvwW+GJ2ZweZj1qncAly5fIXDrJ2NAnHFuic1hgOWuZXIKJy6343xLHy6MTaE9GidwkJq2D97puA24TEcnsHXrehT5NVASAwpDtofBKOuw1qJqYM5mslmeBgaG0dvVh5XLV6GhToK6VGRreF/PMkywnU2fd0pKS+W1jNJeeaV8e+973zsPgJ2yAMujs2fPWj3RYM+NkmbZ0h4/Cjw+hIqKWW5r4Q2UsA6yTpdXoaFxOdZv2IIlBIiBoiDYFCMSI+RinH2BYpSV12L12g3YznZuBUFMUTAAD+MRCzPte7owwXZdM54r2Bdo111tIqWN5bTsI8i2VXXzNONxmHHVLHw567hUUVfRaEBKSy4WL2ogGNyFupoa9gVhgucUvAVBpnMQXl8Es+FepBNBbFh9O9vIKIrKI6gqXcF2bgWq6qRunSFAm8PqFfVYv7KaaehBnHEYHBhkmR+2dcMNbMsnJsZw5swJHD91FO0drQSKYRSxHC1uqMfShhWoDNVjdlr1dAC7me472BcE2Q709/ailH3anttvY7ufsDXVRWwj+9kez05P4a5bd6MiJI0RgtO5MPuxiLVdaptkpyUOajczbE+G2W4PDPRiMdsHbUBV4gki2jWByxfOI1ZZhMGGIJ5pP4PP9Z7ENzpP46uXj+LkcCe6WC+k7bPaV47J1m4MnWqCt67SNim81HQJHZ3t7IOWYhXbSLX/Q+z7phjfSvZjowN9tu67sb7GALA275ohGK0sL7UlPGm2cb1sD0bV7pKvYtblposX2Lawv7nvXpv9HGC9O8J2p5Jt1i1aI8t2RZotV7Trcippa34HCP61Nru+fpHtyFzMtNWYnS3xSLCtvNyMidgMtmzahKXM80KmiZ/9rvouQUG1fxqck7aFdpWWjHDzrl22J4LSsphpzsxV9aefzmZ3UimXJpMAsNb4as2v9gy5yH5CbVVJyIc39r5q/YnArkgzudIyEmmmWWVUAFjq0Bps0g7VctPJdmPj+jW4ncBZbZgGrVs7uu1IrUcffYRlhulJ2aE4wL5pSYMN/hQFvIjOTLONPkIAPIQH33M/FtVVoZB897G8aE3xHXtuZV1axjJOIZeRsdafYH+BeJ9tB/KUpzz9aFIeAH+XyRVw3VkTkZ41MtpE4Xl0cAR77rjD1uDSkW3AUcBOaJjA+CLfa4faHRSapf7ooYDd2tKKV19+GefY+bQPDGGIHao2zFi/Ya3NVg3xuxnNOFG427tvn/m5mqBTa6pk397Wjhe+8U289spehCgYLSNgnWTHJtAg9dfNmzcTNNeQt8t4g0BgKTu1revXm1AdpCAp8Cb1ojkKZ1K91Czlv3zms9YZvfDiSzh89Lht3iTg+NCD99gOjlfYob1x4CB87PR37NyOdWuX27o57dw5NDiKKXZw58+ex2G6CVCg3rp1KzvIYhOU9G7ZqpVYtJLfBPzW4bV1dGEL02TJsiUGhve9vp+AsAK333YbAWWhzZq2tXcSQEzhzjvvQE11hQkQg8Njtu60vmGxdd5az3vXXXcIklIgGMTLr7zKDrQfywmQtR61vbeDwiCwkuFroyE/w89moKX7iZMnEY6GcefddyFkaspe9PT2YGhsEjUU9g4ePIqx0VFs3bIZiygYaTZSAoufaWiCOvNau3Jr1lECh0C8VNuiSYHBK/z+AGoJpgXiNfOhvBwaGbYZdwNdBNfs1Y2PsxQu7rrjTgIJj519uoL5qp1vJXAI7N58880miMhes5/aXVObrwjca93oFMvG9ptvMaFyhgKfBBsJqJoxSCSSpvYuoY8sEzh04Omnv4GjR49hEUH4rnvvRkFxOcFblMJdHcpKfDh3ocUGCO6/72488J47bcT/4vlLpkq3fetmRcXWTfozSZtp0LrmtjbNZJ+wtF9HAW7V6sWori1i3owjyvK2betyxKNzaLl4GYMU9KUVIS2Gsxcu4nJrG8ttrc2iMyNs1kfq+cuXLHFmiST8MY1lert78MRXH8cFglIBA5WdmuoaCt4ZnD9zARPj0wRiixmPcvQR5KtsLqZwL1AxPjmKy32XKTul4Yt7cfLAKUxNzuCWe+7CWAI4Mz6FI6x758eGMEoQqBmyMzqahH4o3us2rTPVQaVjjPXu/JnT+Nu//mscfP11tF9pxWHmnWbfpV3wha98BS/u3YuDB47iua+/RKA/jMLSakQo0F8cmsCzB97E4csduDIZxvGWDrx6+DhK/UXYsnw1AplCFEaS6B+Zwd7zrTh96BSuPHcAlyk8v9J8EpeYXhV1i1ifi7Dv8Bk8feYsuocncPHCJQq75zE80I8xlq3ByhJMMNUOEhg/9fxedLSNoJ35fLKzB9WL6lBDQTYwGmZ+n8XQdJ/tsltVHkKMQLeze9h29dXmOi2Mm4CStBikFi7S+vGlS5ehXBoYzC/NAFfTEKaa4Hoj5AJgkTsDrMFHAWAX/MqNBis0A6wZdM0Aa2bqhomVl/jDZvps0yDW71LWLWl7rF2zyjZBqqurIRCUNoVAiAdlTLclrDvL2YatWLYY27dv5LUeRUV+ApsAy2Mly9tKPPjAe/DBD34Aj3zwg7bhko4Hsk2svD62p0U2gCZA9r73PoRf/KVfwEc/+lNsB2/FWpZVDb4F/YU0PgMUteRBqqZgXdPMYKAwwHot7QCdu0zA6a/A4ro1bIN0nmoUZaE6BEMVKC72GJArLavE2hV1qCjyWH8gtVPFR/VEg4wl7B80IFJZVc7vvLauedPGdWxTVmAZ62FDRSOKCitsEE7t0E07dti9Bm00e6jB3uVLlxgw0SBjiHGTqWQdX08/GCLzTUsfpL0A03iQWy3JUH2XarfyVW21wLB2bF66rBGFKQ+KMn7ULV2M4sX1KF3eiJIaAimCKx/L4CjrRImvCCWRDEpYh9eV1qLIU4jzb57CK8cPs03vZZpksHL1Ktx2x+1Y1FCHKNvEOQLxIrZrcfYBp988hv6eHuxg/5lJJayfam7tQntrO59T2LxxI2KROZxluxthWxtj+9p88SLzxm/9ls7LHxli297cjLqaOuzYtt02VxthGdbA7Fw0QjC/1ZbuqL1X3VFaS/23o70d5885YLqp+SKmZ6exjum7nG1bWbAIIZV5LWkh8DXtDOadBlaLg8U2WLKM6RRgmfUxO9UuqY5YOpNvubdlO5QriimLbN+uzcjqsYZp0XqlnWF3sNwuQ1f7FZvZ1ZFi+kYygvodXaUVorzSoJ76mkWLFhn41eDh9OQEtm5aj5Xsc0cpTxzYvx/n2TdrwP32PbcT7Pps9nxybASb161GfVUF+w1gim7Psf0eHBnF3QTdVZVVCM9FjJ/enm7sJqhfyvolwK82X3R1k2IRzd7nKU95+lGkPAD+HpEreIkEhtUxdBCM9nZ1Y8OmzQSiBHhBPxIUjnQciNRnXyUAlXBwLxv4IgoxE+xQjhw6guH+Aaxhp+Kn4C510Wp2PAIuIQogmknWsUnaqOrZ51+0MxnXb9ho7zRyK0EkMjWDMydPo6yyEqvWrMMgO9Wz7Ewuk5/tFEo0cq71XbMzc6ZGtGX9OqRiWnc1Y4KHzlMUMPIRTI6MTkCbhmzesZOA0ocpCgUbt2zDxp07UE3wPExwcJmAtZ8deZLxqqqrRT2FEG0acv7CZXzjmWcpOPTiSnMLLlHwbmRHefPOXSigRNl0oQkXzp5D3ZKlKGVnFmEn3sH0unipBavWriMwXoEhdqQnTp6xDlSCX2Fhgc1yt1xpI0Aft90wy8tKCPpm2bE2UzBPYPOWjQTp7bahyTqmjdR8+3u78eSTT0MH/g8ODhlAHJ0aJchuxE07bzKhVeqzkrQ0yzozPU3gvQ+XKbDcSsFUI9oaKX9j/xs4deYSwcVy9Pf32dEoUldrbKgyQVRHvAgEyB8J+trdWRssiTRCb6q3TFepEWuGqohC7q6bbrKyIwFPXbZ2frWZBKavZgE0si7VdgnJM1OTNkNay3TeQ/Cv9DlPQUsbzaxauwY6VqirdwCv7N3H2l+IO++5FwPD47gyMIHAio2YSWVw/PQlE5LuuPtum43T7qU+glWp32b4m6NAdPZyK5IEmrfdez8a6hdjtGcQh15+BVEKJsvqG9B06jgKExH8zI8/hsqgB7ME7u3nT2BxeQB379iMKgL6AAFnLAwUFsWQCfSxjlRiJr4D91KYf+Sn74C3rAij4Vl0dAyjrKAY73tPKVYsrkVDYAUFpYMIVFdYudMO0d39Q1i/cQuF08XwB8ttRn9saJRpv41pzrS1dWNJm1mSYHb4wCHTOvi5n/057KQfxaFSW38+NTFN0P4A7rn3XmzcsIn2xRgaGDJgpqNOUgUUCst92Lh2A2qKqjExOIkMy/3OPXcgQjH5JP04RlDbuHoF3kM/Gqsq0XH5MjpZtqVdsXXXTgNM0iiQYNxDMC5VwXXr1psWgcDYTgpvqof3vud+A273Mo3raxahhPyuIdBY3LgI8Uwc7T0DaFy5Er/wsz9jA1UjAwNYSvCxa/N6U1WPsCwcOH4Cb7LO3Hnrbbhz8xY0blqFPszhUstllLE9qK6utYGaNgL2u2+/DctrajBNYfPKudOm+rhpx3Y0EPgkwxEkxmawvKoBBcUBnLxwBrU11VgttVaW+xMXzmE0OmG8V5SXYXIuhjMXCDDPX7D15FqC0EbhtLq2xoCdNl2qrKwmMKy1+qfBlRoKtyEdayOAprp2g+QONroAWM9Sgb4eAJa6v+rvu5kBVqWUnwIM8l/thAbLpIpexjIcKnJ24JVDAX0J5Tp7WoOblZVljHeZuZMb1W+tr9eO/9L60CCP1vMGWAe163EhAZM1wizHapPYKBgLWkKh3dAVL22QpkKmAS6RtEG0I7TCLS0ppY3Wk/N7umdIBO4pprs2hask4KykPwRX/gRBsTa0I+9+jwHnqupqLGkoQ4iA00OAqIEx8VBft4jAtZHAp8A0WKQivGvnTmzZvNEGH6WiW8p2rDJUDcS9Vh/XsO1WfhvoYppUV5azHamDn3llmk7kMp2I2+xqdUU5SlguCtJsJ8ir2kHVHw2mMSedAS6NmBRo8CMD7VZfVU3/CFSLioMYZyMzUVSINRvWYXVFHdbMFWJPQS1+qnQd7oqUY1VfEr++7X784l0PY8/yDabtgYAXk5kY26dZ7GKdfeCB+xin7ShlX6IzcCvKyrG8sQEV5K+EILiM/C1dVIf1a1aiROET0C9inaxhfRRAXMv2QDP72qm7jvWmjvWgnnVNAwcrli23vkCaSNWVFTYA3KiBAGWz2i3md0V1FTbSrTYEm5l1lliEeK8B5gHKA5cvN2N0eIR9ZBTrWP83bdiQ1aZg202/NTiTYt+nfkcyhY/9tzRkvKyHXgLpmbkoy1CAac+Ezzib6KksCcwq/NlZHQM1Z0t0tKZYWhUetnvSiFH/6mW+6OghHSem8iaAK7CrARoNHOpIIg3GSkNGSzu6urpMBlqzZjU2rl9LuaWG/joDGJJLNDiiwTENhBQFCm098LYNa1HOtFW7qckAgXUNyt+y6yaUsY7omL403VWyndy+ZTNKNSCT7TNFztV9IrE+5ClPefrRpRuXMvL0HZMrdOUCYHU+UnlVo63jhzQ6qsbfzltlB6K2WR2PZlwlBKk3nCEg1czcSgq9Whe8detmlBEE65xIdgkU/INYTPCrg/c16ir1N6nSan2kdq8tZWe9etVKbNq8yUbJm6WmNTONJUsWY8nSpaYGpY1zNHujzaF0rIrUvKYJrjT7WsrOOUgBRzOnOuuwj35PTU1jKTv4H//Ij+OP//gP8Y//+Gn82q/9Cu647RakGZepiSkU89vtDLOQ340MDSIVjYHdGKZHR9B95TKWUgi+m+D1FoLmdevWErxVI0W30+zMpzSaL74oFCYZ9wg7Yh01UlVahCCFnQDTyBOncCdVO0pNfvVpFJzi7JgLmJ6apZiJAXME3GQHpUz3Yn8hqikcNlRWocIfRIBCRl1pMR644xb80sc+jP/+f/4Gfve3fg1/+jv/Fb/64Z/EkmAJFvmLUJah4BVPkv8ohQrmCO/TsSQCHj95o+exNAFPA+676y4sX9OIRCaKmcgUJmcmJHcgksiYqm8BhSAJO5rJ0UxKwBdAcbDIZhNKKHz5GC9N+BKxMb7TBgqKKEhoo6ZaCqEb1q2zsyAHCGQFfPu7+ymQVRhYDoT8FCaqUUThWn29ne1LwaKAAjWxLcFaIUKl5fD4KBhOz2F4fMp2NG3u6MUnP/d1/O8vPoPu4SlsJFgqLQnZ7PTE5LjNVIsEZrSDtoz8k0BeXurDcgrGEra0pj3NsqNzLSUk2eZS9mPcbb0s86A0BB8lLQF/zc5pF3QJr0MTAzhBwKLBC6nuFjMztblOSQnzmukiAV/qlMUUaiUYCSNpNlVHvOhIKs36P//Cq3j55Zdsfb3WykqIdMCJVAS1oVUC2u16VmuKGxZh6ZpVKKcwmiEg6R8bNRC7mMJqgHXFT9NIAa2Mgu1xAryW7i54KDjWlBP4Tk5gkmaEYLGLAHNwcISCcZR50oMIAeGyxsVMlxLs2LIdjz7yGO5/z3tMs6CgUBvXBBhfCu2BkC1NGJ+cQRkBdj3ra72WGRQVM/9KbQMr7VpeQRBd2VCL2XjYtAZUxLXZUQ3LcCPr5I61y7GhsQ51FRWYY17GmVVelpnRuWm8ePB1vNnXhuJ1S7B092asuX0bVu3chlkW4C6C3rg3TSHSZ7OR27duwp7dO3HH7ptRQUFzpKMDhVOzLPdp3LxqFX7ukYfx/vtvx5L6GrZDYbR1dSLGd54AhXe2C0UM38O6Psd0GBkfx1w4ivKKKmzeus1mjjSz3dR0mQJwhu0f26rFtSgvL2E5K0LDonrel7J8ODOk75bU5qqd1dUFprmkMqH3anNl3g3JZ5VFbcojkCEBvUBGZ16z3AnMEUMauJAWbxHTqzjgQQlNMe89XrZz00OYnh6mc9YrAj22Vmz7Ce8E+NgHBELFrDPqB7SGXacAqOwrvJjNQM5OT5o6bnSOZYl5p6OWEtE58hJHEdu7RQSE1WX0gz2FN52BL0Pwk/HRN/Y1LGNB32JUlSxmmsRs0CvkqeO7AIL+ONsmxS0GnyfC+GjwjmnHeqU9KVhRDQDqXlCjnI61htur9GUd9rGNKwuWMs5FzFets2VYAvYsn16mV4hhlRYF6AfbeLrVuclBNn4hgloBYQG3ENsYLR1RWqidkCaNluk469KZ+soA2isf9ax2ZwnBZ21NrdV/5bP2TEim4+SBfdvsrNVdtRlrN27Ar/zqv8e2HdtY54LmZnR8zNrNh9//MH7rP/1HUx2vqChDdTWNHbNUbvFQXFctX4ad27bisUcfwQfe/z7TXCplOV6/fg3e+8C9+ImPfMj6QuX9siUN+OhP/Dg+/OijuH33brznvvtw+6232iywBoTq6+pw113s17dtt8FlO52BdpoJvfeee6xNbWQ9vfuuO7CbPG3ZtB515ElHan340ffT7w/j137pF/Dxxz6MmzdsRKUGqS2vnIEBDRLYQAzTXX2jBm2X1NahXIMsLGOF7O/VRtpRhUwbd9lWCfvM2xiHDz32QdTXVhJYhtg/eXHbLTvw8z/zUbz3wfvwG7/xG7bzszYV1Ky+1md/5CMfsSORBIpV/wSQ9SyNJu0CrcE9qVSrXRQI13Kb9z14P3754x/Dnpu2sW8GaoJebF7RgAf33IyGihL2+QS9zONqpvGdt96Cj/7YY1hcW4UQy0x1eTHljI34wMMPopHtiZbrWDnNmnlieXcKTZ7ylKcfZXr3kkaeviWp4b9W+NKzRuzrJfRVVWCCwkt3TzeaL11C05lTaD1/HunwHJZS8C1lwx7hey97cq299FNwGCEgadWuv1cooGr0nMJyGQXPpNZAdnYZ+PNQ0Pcko6gq9rNzo/DFjn18sButLZcQzSRRopkXCgUCSh6CzOmhfvQ3nUd0qBflBG6NZRTSIxN48qufwcUrZ9E71o2e8X5MsHMMs9Rk2AmGaiqRoADT0tWB197YS4EiRl6nkJydQEhHKZDPibbLqCeT29iJeVOzaL94GgNtrShlJ7auqhg3LVmEe9iRbyTICFFgnOE3CV49ZQQ57BAzNVUoKKOQTKGuhkJIFYX+aj7XswMMsmMXCPYynhOD/QSjEZtRAMHN+MiwrSubpCAepbTY3TtqR/AsX8bOmELBzOQUWpubMTrYRwGLAh8FjhQF99bLzTZLuGXjenastaitqLT1UwEJDvxOa7AFvqRytWH9elunqZ13NbOifJWwXaFv6J/UDiUMaBTczXcNAkhY/lYkwWx6ato2FxGI03pbDVgIhAoESrCTWuD5s2dx9PARdLS3YQnBk9SUNTOv8BzBnsIi7wUe3RkqOy+YRptLiTcJPJp9a6irwcbVq7F901Y8SsHv1lt2kc8CpovPRtcpSROg+23H11IKTF6m+zDLzPDAAAXZAuaPnwJMOVYtW4zG+koK9j5kEhTsKUxKCJFa4MzkmKWxwL0EW0tPpmsyrk2wGDeGV0IwVkrB0tQZmRbafMvP8uP3adbKS+E8yHogkMS4sewlYmEMkYcEgUABv9AMkWaTli7VQNAKCr8MW2GRVHf8FLQjBPWDFICTFPrSjF+UZTrC9J1gnUsozmWliPJ5ThuXUaAVQCYD0BJnbTj26b//3/iLv/wLWyssNT6tu1Tapgg2tL44EYuZMGuzKPwp/QVqVeddkoBJNAsd2SRtAm1Mo/Wx2gF1lEZrgbXB3De++U384z//C778la/gyNGjtnRCSx0KPH6UhIqYnnFbixnX3l3MS2kO6DgYgXypTY4wnqGqMpRUEBCxCKc8BB+l5YgRCAyMDmMqMqtUYz4UMPyI5eOmtatQV1mGyb5eeMcmUElWA7MRTHWyjTpxEgOs72nWsQIv6x4rnPakJbRAcWUNCovKmXZedA2M4cSFyxieiWF8LoGJOfKW8WJ4fBp9g6MEGlJd1SCGVIYJeFgHtYmQ2qKA1kfcIOW2tQI+Lsh1yS0LIoWvfNP7XPsbIZVTzVprzaW4ZzVnm21w1bmnUblX3dfVvVe9irEMp5iewhsqv9qQLaNFo/xW+S3+vD6fIock817lS+DIx3KlWbsili2tC9a5rxpYnZyaNM0PxV1qrwI02rhQatlKb5VD1TsNNGTYF2ijtEza2dE/HptmuGxrkgyLz5lMhPEgYKIbT0Ec0ci07bLLFzZzr5lqGbUjsbCOrSPfTFMNAqh+h1hfq0oqCMpL+eykh0BvmgVWa5wZOXgYV79mJZVe/K4gnmC/ljZQFlJ9ZNqlIkyjlAbQkjRS/xXYVXsoL7SMQsefRZlEGuhkWZ2e4FWq3Bqk8yJCd2PsAyf5jWdxOUrWLEKqvgSRci/G/ClMMZDe6BzdJFBSX4VCgqkI771kqqw8xLaPN+KV5VObSvnEM9OgjGW1knUmyHAK6H86pU3zNNPKPizFvFcbRxv1OYUsYiHNprMdKmY7pAFP26SPP5VFH0FgcUkZ4+ZjeiZsgFDtVQX7EeWtSGuHlxHcb1i31o7M0q7HtWx3V69YgjUrl2DDquVYwnpYUsi2juH5aDzKOxZAlZcC1S3ea4xJ5U8D49rgsoJygPwSENXArLt7vfJZ5aSYvFay/3WW8HjIe6HNzFYRlGoG3j1rWPFwB5e0T4XUnQWKNSghLQuBYM0Iay8EgWSdhSxtI6WBwpMa9bIliwlmyxBQ3jOsUvrbyP5JatqqX1piIK2kKspH0jzQgIrKta7aNKuWcoMdE5bTFuQpT3nK07XEJjBP322SUKYOQZ2DruogBEy27diOx37yI1i0pAFNTRfw7De/jiOvvYKR9lZUslPZxs5sBRv+FIVhnxp+duRxgsyT507betvW5jYE2WEtbVjEzgIYGRjClz7/OfzX/8//ib/8i0/g7MkT7HB1NIAHE5OjeH3fq/jbv/0knnn2WRSxo1i7fp11ThLeqgiGtGargkJSsWa5qqqwds1q8prCE08+gU9+6pN4+umnceFiE7r7hkxlSh2cDrxXp3b27Hn84R/+MX75l38Fv/ALv4xnn3sJbW2dts5ZAv6KpUuxecNGClUJ9Er9SUdosPNlv4dz587i1KkTOH/hPNoIJmdnZwwg2YH1qbSdPyxVMAkFmi1aRPAuECo1sFKCs1VSH2enODY6TrAYNqFvYmzUwOzl5iZcab6Ck8dP2AzJymVLDchJ/S4ugDA0yEpAAZCCTTQcxrEjh/HqKy+hmd9poyOpSSr/lHfqoKUSpmcZ5aE2LtIuy1pL6IIhqRSWUECQitwK5m1ZccgGMCTgayZAKoCqeOqeHcO40kjg1VUj15Vl5WhsaCDICZlqa193D4YHBwkiJ9FQX2+bpAwPDuG5Z56lIFSHRz7wQZsdlvAkoUZkgDepnYSjdm9803/tqKxN1bRGroyCht7Fo1Hm0RLbTVOzrnECVWkA6ExWK68mqDn8SkXQNoEhPzrCIhZNEKz1obmpyYR17RIqlTwB+draaslQZq8jo6JxCojZZ/lPlvheao8+lJeUmkqsVGgLtDaYeS6hXLONOqpF64S1NazOpo4yj6VSp1nvpeRbaoZ33rEHP/vxj9lZqT/+kQ9j9+6bTcjTkUgCAY4KuZOXwdJSBFn2telcXJGSsMd00+EZ4/RXSqSC1NOse8MEFBWL6hGsKEev1mC3tGDL5i247z3346577sKmzRtQXlpGAOoxzYJKlsmKIAVIpRfjIJVDL/3XTHyScZW2RoLhKsdTfNaab2+giBIpBVGdG8q6/+Q3nsOffOKv4Q+VYPeddxJIThKkxykwEshoBpxAIzlNO5YB78wsqn0EA0wnTypBQVfHSiUI7lnYykKIlhEUMR0m+DjI9z2xKYwlokiy0UjQbo5xJCKhoXDPulAe8qGyKIAQ3QYmphHr7ceh517EgRdfxXBXP7yMU5QgrZjl2ifgzJikmZHlVTXwBYsQY3wGhkZw5Pgp9PQOoJump38Qt952O+699z74WG8SSeYt3Qn0KyGUBSpnAu8qE/8apLZWZr7sZz1WODIqB045fHczwE4B1zp5qS6znWdaG9BkPZLA7rxXG0NgyDphV6ahAKLanoA/jcryAMEFn1Jz5Iv5QNQUYP5p5/NMgTZJ08wwgR/TTjvtS0MiPBO2gTEtS9DMs44mUnBSGa6pLGfhIpAkIJxh2z8zNUoWowyXJkGwzdJpZ6zHNEDFb2f9mB3X5lItdDeGglgR/AWaQRtEIjyOIqZjdUmG7REBLMuq1SOWa6mZlhSpHLAO+wT+2VawnJcQmIdYp/0ZGgQQyIQIADUCoxlngVflTQHjME2+45ZOmlVV2fIyfTzk0cM4CWRqZliDC2nyqdlxEAQHA2qHma8exZ7+Md5qk1SYBMjVr0n1WnmunZ1XFgSwvJC8egoR5Tcz3jQG/AkMMu0niwsxQdYKVOZZd8syXpSnCLxS+p75ZNOHDENxo9+aUdfRVZrpttlu2vtZDwK0114Nmm31Me/V72qQzsd4CZwJKIpPRt3aIncQwnZdlj/sW3Ssm4Cv1NML1F6Rf5Md2L/xwa7S1JJKuvpAFS0BPZU9lTkN0OrZWCZlS7z9d8u//PnXINeXd+Wb8ZLTG5JV586pGzIagDEQL3mAEbbBU7njVWkvo7yRMc2DrJt5ty7p1n3Msc5TnvL0o0lqefL0fSLtHKsjCLTmRzvEqtOWerM2otII6Qc+8AF7r5k6dV4CnHKrd8uXNeLee27DQw/cg43rCVQpTGn90KYN6wggnA1WPvJjH8KHH3vERknLKKhoXdAtN99EILoB9911D+7es8c6aI0AC5w+9sFHsGbVKuuAiinA77n1dvzYox/C6uUrTaVs68aN2L19M1YurkMxO20Pw2wkwNm+cQPK2CmPDw2hpqwUd+2+BXtuuQmrGO7unduxc8smrCIYvHPnTmwlWC4gKJseHzeBrqauGiMTIxifmcCd992F++6/G1pHps2wdmzehIfuvRcrCXDUqVE6tM1Y1q1eZbOQGsxesWyJgZ33P/wQKkqLrRPUejmNBMufIsYjEU/Z+rKbycuSxfUEcMW4bfdNeO9DD6CegEtCia4fevSDeOSDH8Cs1vK+/jpOnjyJaYJ3CdAiE0QodOhZ98qnnYzTgQMHCP7/EC+//LLlz+7dt9qszMoVK7BixUpTNbNOnVKJwrqartMTM66hYBB1NbWYYDp96Utfwif+/BP4q0/8BV58/gUCxRLsZBnQoMVAXx/Wr11n4Ffq9Ppu1cpVaNCmavRaAFJqwxKOIgSgGhwQ0JfwKdXiudlpdHd34krzRYz0dOD88SP44j//A578ypcxMTyKcqnjMm/Fd5oCtWb+Spj2q5cvsaMoLpw+gbMnjuPS2ZNIRWZYNmpYFug4HkZpkAJ8aQC+TBxF3gxqy4ttoCZOwKX1fZ6MI8BKmPWjiEL+HCbHetDd1kx+Whn+ODLkNylgx2RJETDpPGwBWm0oJJVj1RnN1mswo6ujnaC8HxfON6G7q9sAtsk/ZhzQI1Cu3ZRrCf41sxulm7QAcUkxquvrbRO6C5cvY3hyEjP0v2tgAG3d3Shj+noIPrRZmAYUli9fgeUrV9jsrs4+lUqvVNk1OKH86evpsVl8zeQqXJUX7VzrkJUG480GVuivBGKtoTR+KdKpPbiDgP7HPvSYzfYv1cBNkdRIC6zcS7ATkKJYTJwTt9mzKg0ckH/5FQyxfkoAF6hnGRianiHGjdms/MT4qM3orFyy1AZYtLygivVKdUvtgWYFBcBqq8pRzXZjdmwE7SwfOq/1offchRVL6lmwojYoJ+wYn0siSjDmS/uQiTI/CXbKi6pRSPC+ZtMW3HbXHtx13z24dc/tWLpiKYpZTwWcpQ0hgV2gV2XLo82YaJJxDT+8c3IF/NyrwK0LeF0je9eoLmtQ692QZlATsQj51q7wCoOJwjiZ0K46zwJoOc6w+dKuaYI7lV/Fu7CQoNCToAvNAqct7VlS2eCINwIoWmiwTdofDMCAkS9IAFYaojumnzCapioJpgSeVIQ0EOYUfKCM5VFtgLQwxJfAJvE6ieWjyG8z+YRNZjc7O2wgXMDMyqQ3TtAetxlazXKqrGgtsmYJlXdaZyzNJOWlzq8VELaTChhjP8FmsDDIq1Stpc7McNWWMv4eATmWPQ2GFBIcGljhd5ZzGpRIsl7SWH6RXwFDxcfSliQ7u9rFiafluyW07tViZB+yJNBuV73nVZopTG5TB/bQaLZWdlY25L+MBeD4P0/kiX921UZVGsywgRQ+6/impF0dPr8VaWBD2rjXGoUrMOyeh62g1H6I1H4FWB78bAScyVxndl79v/hROrrxUJ9p/ab8FCI2MJ81joOsPY0oe7mWBEYNkGb9E8h0gaZ7vXESc8pbGeUQf1k/XQDsGvHgMLkQnkXtbUye8pSnPH0rym+C9X0kCV/aEELAVsBXqkECVdoxUQKPBF5tpiH1InWAshNoljud17ts2Qo0Ni6ykXht+FJRUW5rfLdu3WIbd9x+621Yv24tiopD7BAyqKmpxoY162m30TbNWkww6KiweY0HnRurGTsJpFrjq6OIdAaudhDWRkw653EuSsGE/Y+AoQ7kV5ja6fTOO+/CI4980NZC7dp1s61N1uyAjjioqa5CjMKMVLC0zmcx46AdSmso2O/adRNu2bXLjvd44KEHsYm8azQ8EUtS8C/ForoGU2mllQFbzQ4qDRpsFlhCV4B+NdgxQ5odlswiwfIkQdn01AQ+9tGfshnCVSsaCZzlptgElurKMixdvJhCfqVtGBaZmzWQvH7takuzNUxH5cWaNWspCHrngYxtVEOhSPdS69K5hzr6QTsu33HHHabWFRJQkaBIo/VVdQzDBgz4jZ3HyKvJHSwD1qnzwb0qcTMEenKjGRqpzmmGPiG1V77WIMfGDRswPTmFN48esyMitFPs2lWrLR8luOnon2UEaPV19fYsANXAuKo8qaw4Qn8hNpNX7cDb19eLOMO57e57sHoJ02N2Dj3tV7BkcQM2MT0k0EqwFxkAY5pLVU/8ayfvaYIrrfWtq6/FHXtuY7kpw+DQMHQklMC41p4LfOvoIm2wtnb1GhOutY5M66FTiGIyOoiJiRgG+gnACAamwoOIhOcsb6cnZlBfWY2Vy0MUOAsQnswgRgC2eNli2wE9QQB48cIFDA4MmdGZ0lLT1MyUjn1R0kroV5jiOcI6N0Igu2rFSlPRs3WEBNaqX3Kro7BGhocxPjaBgYFBS889t96KatYR7eodnZmgewG/mB0FVc7yedvdt8FPhKAd3LUGWJuqhSjA9ra2ovliE4a6e9GwdBmWb1hn4aXSHgL+OPoHh2xdrNZcr2AexllPEjRT9OPMhYuYCUfR3deHls42Awy33KRNpspRTHkxw/rnIfD3UigeJs/hyXEC5wqsZRhxlp0ZgrLpeALRwmLE+oZRcKUHk6PDaB3swGLG6YFb96CxtApzI6MoKPFjLUF2BcFQNDyDi6eP2W6qD97/ILx+L9p539vdYVoHrSN9GJoZxx237caGxmUoG4tijOmuQbaVi5ai0htkGYpjYC5uG92ozkxOTOL82XOWDxq4KS8JWl01bQiWKQFF1QGljQAe/1l5eyekOukOVqmOarOzF1980do2rTkUyY3qs95rIx4NXj3yyCPOjsI3TKyzRI82IMG46iqNChW2ApVxhkUH8/cCS+LB4SPNPJ9ivJkWBLg+j46joR+q/8QpXh2vxG+08ZD5Q5K9oimMRS8tjTXYo/0cbNdeaVqwXFhbpQ/Eh/PPnm2eVoMV0rJITrJeJghkyhGOTCMa70RZWS3DZdvhTSBdMIVEPEB/i8lMnO6ZT2k/vxfocg2BqgaSBMRorD6pIlmoClT/VfeUr87MpuwEam3Wk5FgdC19LA9ZnqX9of0bbCaUbmyQIT1Lt5rp1Myp4kZ/FBe6Y+22+3ljaeXcS+NiToMD9NufYD2fziAUBsqngIpZ9gUz7GvCaZQxPYvZvhSwUGrAMKMxBQIv/nP8s2jpH28Vpni2e1pnsmmgtOC9yOPVWn85uAFDP5UOMbZtGii22sG01mkGUj1XO660UKrKOV8arlX6ycbssnXKYZRmnnIDUhqJ7Iv5y/eS7HiibNnOZK9Gxr/DkhOnhSfHhv/57ypbKwsLz0bzUc99QzPvIE95ytOPIhWwM85tGfP0PSbrsNiKSyjSBlcSWiTESagRSXhzBR+BZal9quOTCmE6rZ0wi81+lgBOR2vobFUJC1oTJbVVqYdpjVQsHrWwJGSpZ4/F2OGXUqjJkoqBvlEnK/8FCrX7qHjxEsjpqhlGCTDyV8/i2eXdXVcmtWTxLnDoxk1udR5ooLTceJFartTBJKhJnVYj2erINZpeQGCgkW/JEBKQtLmUNOc8QQe4STCKxWMoIhig2MmvPBa+wIvei38dRfQHf/AHJuD+y2c/h/LqBvLCeJAX2z0zqN04nRkOzdLouyQFDQNlBNVxAosw07OY4FCzxUkKItqkTGucJGAqvfWNzd4pjRlP14i0S3KS4Eu7hcb4XTnzpcgnhVhnHZi+lZqzQ/yOHb19yWw2LySE8V4zd1L7lsqb8kTxTDHtNFPS3NyMv/n//Y3x86u/+qvYtHEjhUmmlxKOfghEaTbYOWKJ/vEb+aFrhHkrcCfVO6XHc88/j7bufjz8kZ9hXiTQcvEijry+Fx94+L34yQ99wJjS+m6JFtr5VbMc3kI/y2uMQnNMshf9dcKwfGd8tCO2QKrWJivdw+FZJCIR86OmstJJKwr1mQzztSBKsNbH+2IMjZbxuzBmEmO23q22fhFGh8awmKCpplKAigBt0o+5yCz8pc7AjUB4Z2cXwWLE0kzriTXY00hwqwEOCb6audI6OCYiZshH18iYzcyXl5Ua38oTxVObuumMUvGnHbZFcldXK1BQgMmpCUxPjlg509Ep8SjrGdO5geAxTe9nmD9atxnntThUhEKVSeaFl0Y7lhaWSH2UQUlYJeiWCrB2bFYJ0KBTTU2FbYLX3tGPC81NCLAcbdqyCYUBnQOdRDHrWIXqOfO5p6sXZ0+cQFtbq6WxdlLduH0r1m3dbDsQx8njJOvskeZuHH1pHxb1DCO0qBxTy/12zMrNm3egMFGAtpZ29BXGsG3dejSwWCbCczj2yrM4fvwk/v0v/0ek2WYcOncWb7z6OjwpP4q3rccE6+M9d9+LnctWY3F/GE0tV5Aq9mDj+nUoD/gxOhXGge4BnD1zBrMzUxhlmpaXhPATH/4Atm9ZZ+tAlQ6FKgcqoQYadM+EYZ3OFLzzWVnlmfLRyjnTQ7uo//f//t9t/eRf//VfW31VHXLbWJ3jrHbiz/7sz+z4lhsn8q21tAqbYYgPnaHqzkIW0E4DRNI8UAy10aH2CNDrRCKC6bluB/z6dCyRlhrID6n6awkA+fX6yHPQ+NZMmdpJtYNKQI/fa/VQs8PhuRnbmVvASbvzBgNyTyIyUnowVZ1HDS5kgvSDYc92IhX3oLZ0Ayam+jE5ewQrVm5FITYwqAiS6MLcTJB1oQbwzZHfNHwF5eaPk18LV5VhU+llm7RAymX3KoadPFC7pqsGYPWNuRAAJu/S5lBZl73qljQvpPocTg466VQYYl1k+imdyKn6LgHiBRI/Kke8si1K0mWY7UxQg1xa8xCmYR4xy8xdJs02ku2DprgzSuMAyybzTIN+WoohMpA2b2ihK/8W8KPyg2WYV/W59iLjLEVxHF5N8iLXWm20SwyWXmVMWyfO/lKDKqr/4lnLQIIqO1l3stMMtnOVhd4wf10HHnLjYfsi/uZJrbAY51Wdq8JTfEjsfufJwPO3oIX3lvPZ+xugbNj0MEtu3rk8855ujGedS5i1MtIW4kbZj12/cmk+Gle/y2gGPE95ytOPLOUB8A8ASThJssMXsJLwJgApI4FNKmaykzGgS+Fa9mrUC7WjrDpqCuYaddd7gd8gAZOmqOgttHOmBDJtCCLgaWp0aalFpg3gCohqHZnUM6UuKbc2c8BvBQj1jWYTxKMEOo/HEW4UrgQdCTHiVe9ll+C9hBbt+KtjEAQadVSDuqkEO6c4hT9GxdZrScCIkS+p5glU03f+JOBJ8NCIN0FgWACOALvC2dhJwp3tjk3eLO7ZTs2E33SK8fHbjOYTTzxhu1T/p//82yivrDOBV7spJxi+1FUlMAjEaDMnW3dIPxQPreHS6LrutWYzECwy/01YY3zlj+POEbiU5gLBuoofA+JkXBsmSf7QelvNdGodm0j8SwVZQFHAS/11ivFTNdS9l2EWaKdo/jwKQ3zSKH1tBoCAVufrNjVdwuNffRxbKbg/+uij5p9mZrVDNx1beTJ++Y2+lVhma2pl7xfvBTaQIGD/wksv4plnnid4DppqcW1lORbXSgX3dtx6805HcGfaKo2U9iIHZGRFaiE/vTWJjCzzqjvGynGnJ/6Z6KIX8kNX8iWBWCmAgjCtWBYJgvUqJS9JJt7QQusCCz1hWngJwopolUKSwFmAQ2VSvDCmjC/TnOVH6alBDmeGUTON9EThMW8c/29UYFM+OeXFS6G6gAKZ/FMSWBnXCz3T6Fa1xa60kB2xhj2rbMtCV0s2WmqMRLfEPaZpoYGUQuZVUbFfigEE1SyDzE+tQdRu56lEEhOj4zZYo12UFT8PyzglZhukmGXdirKspv3FmByYwbLRWRRWF2O0LoXiQBGKPGwHIjHMjM1hpMSLRZqZTcVt7fLcSLed/bl63XamcwH6J8Yx1DtAAOFDfHElJgIeVJZVoj5QjKVjKcywHCVD0j4otVlerXEeYL0eGJzA3PSUqepL62LXjk3OGmYlAkkqlIq11Did2MuwxFwFaL4zUj2Zryu8dnR04L/9t/9mgySf/OQnrX6q/roA+OjRowaQP/GJT9iykhsn8e8MoFjjZqT6qvX2WqPr1Ee1Dda+Mx/Fi2qJDSx5JulevDuzmwLBTBmrr5FI3IBxwF9k8bKCImJQWgesQQ5ZS/VYcVJ7LjXjqDYEVFsguhYAs855PSHyFMX4RBvBKNBQvRnh2XGMTR/DsuUbWZCXs9LEWcv6ae8jmCaw9obpNo2QvyLLBv3L5p9+9swXau9cPtlSZ506bVCUvEn7RFo4apu0jtVm/flePKpMC/ipnfQyrbQJlHaaNwAcJwAu9OUAYM2UZwFwtn19KzEPaHSmtUqUj/faHEqcqs4mWe5mtP6dYam9JzdgLtGtFxr+0pp4UYEc8yMN0FoZU2MtC9Vn3RJMCWQKbjNmsqAP1wJg52qf6upcjFRGXFJ7oOVF6nPko/oJmzUnaZZdAwMWpCyU/nRnVzOyY1rIgXn0HQBg3VkbTq/c4kuydvttyeXYcfNuALCdJ+14ZqSS4twoHbN8WKIxDBcA2wcK23Gz4EGOR8ZazvNV9/LqW8UvT3nK0791ygPgHwBSh2rgjsKBgTrrUZ2dYt17kXtvHbA9a1bQufdSooxR2NXUqbOmUAJYimDAGWl3VNMcASuTEpjOYG5mFtXaaZkeaBdPnV3p8qJeXcBYuylqZlp2mnVNRgg61CGrT2K4HgozGi0XONM7HwGvhCHtVCqVTY30x6Q+TF6LikotjlIxS5FPqVaKvzgFEB2F46dwU5CkkER//Bk/BR+KImROaxxBHOqo1rHT5lWzIBZxMqF0keqZ0kLClcD86OgwwV0Yy5evpBBVYvxL1VJpYgCffihNzAuLr3OVX847RyCVsCjKzQe9E8nO8iLnnUjxT2cFDre7VjyM+KnyVQMERSU6moNCLiVQOxuY/pQVlxpYmqdsWHalUTwEtkeGRyjgt5s6uB1hRSHR1o1pJkPO7b9DuhdPUovVQIhUoUVKe2V+W0cbjh19EyXFFSwDQQKbMiyur0VtTY1pGOjMTSaOffMWUtwVNwkmhuT06FzT2StTya7z8oaaHN3r27cBwFl50/mS/wSAvQURBsH6kVIZS/EX4eeFNC4AdtZDCgArLyWICwOo2Gigw+HVAcDvVGDjl0aWtxQoRcpTR5DM8knKypF81ju7yfnWeW91h3mpyQunnMmtM6gTi6cRJ48qxxprUqoruZR20trIEDCpThb5WDbNY81QMTR+o2KcYZwzBLaKZZxppplIqdFm5pIo65tAMliA+Aqd90k39DgZY71J+NEXTCPINKxkqoZYjnxp5gfDTBAOCEzHGJiHddMfAUZYQKeCGlwgECdQXzlOFoJsV0o0gEWm6C5B9yO8VbEJFKagc5ltgIgZEgnPonFRjaWLs37Q4d8hXZkaNwCARW7dVD2RBsjv/d7v2Qz+pz/9aWu3XACs9zp/+Xd/93fxF3/xF3Ze+I2S5WG2nZXmhQbiBMgUXy/LpgaNDORZWVfcWHqZ9tGoNGEKmCbO8gpjnXmgGV/N0upZs8DyR+fuWlg0aiukiSEAnPRKHVabLFlhQCQaQ3dnl5UNnbWrL7S2WuHaEJFe8E/+adfycGSUYDODqvIlbLPnMDXZipq6pcjESlHgZ3plJhGdo/+hCqQK2E4x3KKiMgvLySurEUoE50rPrdobUBFP2faTzxoYnIpHrO2TGm9xMdtltXv8VjPBdGD546z9ZbyZX9oZ2ePzMr3I6zwA1p4GLgDWICzrDt1eRU5yGAkAD7NcazBKXzmw1GmVpHsxa3XIgVIqvwHWR9W3oNyq8ZBnTlR51T3La7Yia8BRzR8teCXvMvRJ8fUV6LC/XNI38kYfON655NqJdCdNISM+aCAkmoxbv6HGTJol4t5NYSsocu8aRUQv2MCIN7VXKfGafa2XTk1VPB1fcgfyRLo4KbRAC8/ZqxVYkdLgmvR/B+T0wgvkhEN+3xEAdsn1i1djL9fv3Ht55fKfpzzl6UeR8muAv8/kCD5Ox+/OKooMrApY8p0AjwQXCVgi2WvWUgKzRksLJQyzX1BfLflG7bxmYjU7phlPCRkCjFIfK6Rwq05E59BqxleCg8CCh35pxtFGm+mRRpolsEj41jEFAtXyI6lZKd5HI2EGRBA9O0sBKWzvdS/BXTveWlzkL8PTKL/OhpXQYGuXKNDovTNi7vycvokQiIJvigKQT7zSTyOmQaHWVzJyZmglgdLWDvIqOze9dK9NWbRuU0cqaHZWs96Kp+067H6b/c6SS3HO+uHem7F75zmX3Pfu/fXIBYHuWyckh/SN+BFQ18xZgAJNMFhEXrUGVTDQdSs/3E46m0Y0XgKg4pJiNC5ebGvElc96b3zZ/XWI/kr9XGDW8oN5KyFTM0baMGzVipXYtW0n1q1ejSX0t7LCOb5J5U/FTmnLBBHzWT501Y3Lo/jLXiWj6NX8xT7gn3N10sK1kwCjbzVTJHVIlg9aywszfOWVlxJK7Rv9109CpgZOaGN5pDfyw6lPItMSUBC8d4LWP0cQtBknXd+h0T+TxXTj/BnNxyprN/+slzmkb933Nihif6pvGviJmRq7P6hyDNsdOkyQpOUOBWmmP/NL9V3rTdNJAS6K72mK96pnSjT5L99Yx+SnypiAWDiRss3HfJOzSMdmkahS/VR+sm4LlNHvcYEA+lNGYCSVcaIz1ne2IwWaA2P60h1rJHwJgqxMkqAiBT+Z9LKdKY/w28ICJEtYruhdnPkSJVDXbut+ZqDOntVu9GVFflN9LgoQxKi9MY5F5HY+4Whr+eTE552S6rBTZgm2pqZsh3a1NY899piFoXeum8HBQbz00kt4+OGHbS34jZLqkS1fYTtp6c84KAyRDdAwrZUPNmOr6Va+F2jTzzYdIxAV4BVYlju902CVBg+VDhYfGuWp67fqsFRjZ8MxdHR0MhxpoaRw5Uorjh09Au3PsG7tGouzra+2q5LWSWvVEO2sLjVp9QVetrsaVCLyhc8fQiLKdNI0fYZ9BzPVHwiRbfLNMqtwVdLmf9ZP6M5pz9166uQhC4RdGSYvY3MzOHj4MCaYNzqvPMx0Gx4dNWBt66fpTu2ZBvNURjXzKTuFkUzPWdy92lSL/Kq9sHAYGcXp7UhtSIh1qITFNJQqgE+GzPiYln4Dqh6CXceE2NaVxDPwx9k2xtgHalDY8YU88MI+TBc1dVpu0dfbZ5vdzYZnmJ6sk8YOOTY+nTqmeOtqhuT4p+sCz1fdywH5lUMNdsyyjxifGMP4+Dgi0YjtASCyFHbjrcuCx9nweMOrBiKzTU2WrCTN/9xnkfFKcmyvpmufr3L1LdL/25PLhYwTCZcfx9YtSzQKJ3vrGNfuOsbc85Lz+VUmT3nK0480qWnI03eRJLy4xiVXCJFxhTGtxZTQJqAhgc19p6vsZadrMqlzEGVPQUgAmA25Y7Lu6b+EYRMmKEgJPEvACWo9IoUKsSGwrZkXrUM1YZnG1qtSGBGJU4Vn61sZpmaWbRaD7qXSLOAptVgdJVNeXY3yinLbybOCAo3tPkr/7ZgP8uMQ4yowQj9txlhxdmwpgEsYFhBXnB2BXSrUUntTulBmhFdqnW9L2d6MPJmgxCf3quGC3HR33F3TG+rZjISVXJMVrm6A5LNyQsaAlqQKjVzb6HXWUNgNlZSiuKIKYabVDNM4Ql7nUpTSNGNjhry/xWhWiAAjGmZ+as11lPcRRkFx5nsLS2E6zkWWMrR2wK+HQpXy0zm2RVcJvjpWQ2tVxZ1f7jSQwfcaNDHwa7GSEbnXG6C3/VTMZusJjZ7cEM1YhFg+FDd75n/L26uN847Jy4iYwJ99NpITl+bTU8ZN7+/EKAznJ+8kXNpsvwF5ph/ri4f5qTNAzWSDsJkV3hAGZU2KhvXajMCkVEtZv3wUyulUE3pBIn+fJ42iQg+K6X0lwVJlcRAVxSEUEUyqqiURQywVRlJHxBQ4ZUezkR4NdjBcnwInai0gAi6oDsJbSmDBAFIEOvFkFHEdi8N8D9FSRvUxTeCdjrIOJ5WAmnHT8gRyTIClWeAiPhexXIRYV4u0HpHgVoNZKUY2oxEHxiFNvv00Se2OzDYoSDdSTrDzm1m33Sy5mq5v+05JZcOt99aGsD26HjkDiZptdNzeKOlzzfyqfVXbpaUImuGdmQsTsGiWNY7Onl509/aio6sH5y80Y3hkzDaJ03nIhYVFbPeCTF8gPKtd2nWeLMsO80KDYjZoyaQReNaSEe3VoLKk5S39w8N45vmXcOTNU0iwGEJAmH6WVVYzD6QNQCNwyzbNuWcmyK9UBFOzk6wnbGv5TTw+yXwSwCxBivkeT8ywHGh9v9p7Fhh+S8hI9wH6n3YM2yrxFGd7JL60pEIaJtkmyEwuSR1c52g/9Y1vYP/BQ4iwzYvGE2hpbcW5ixfph445SrOaCwC7/Zv6P3UpilyWLLtcz516+O1Ieey6y/1c9wyJpZs/Y5ruGKAAt7Oxl9ok1l/xxdfWlvIbrdc/f/Ec/vGz/4J//vxn8ZkvfgGvvv46mptakIhqmQv7c/34sZataMDaWU6ko6joL9NCZ3hL1blAewCwjGhHaplC5n1BgfZciMITn7Vz7qdTQRw514aRsQF4Y6xfYYLv2VZMJ4eQGU8gOTSHGPvVCLN3mu17UgNSGtRiHUwzT2bDdMOWZZz+9IULcWkkhvaZNGZZLqYZ16nIMBKZGaaEBjAUx7emqmMrk3XFsuSad0Our45ZyFnlzNVm4c0CuV9ca66+zVOe8pSna+ndtVx5uiGyzphGnarWk+rqrg/TvdZlatdhCWcm6JMMtArg8lnG1lHRDxdMCqRG2aFqjsh2z5TKnIAcO3adtxmLaWMUCicGwviFVLcosCZStJOwSsFaM4sRrQul0Bpmpz1L/+YolMQZXoQdtY74TxPEsltFmB24BJe+wUE7Q1VqkhnxQr5S2WtGAibdFgQIwMtKUBCkuM8wTXWPPEkudVTFtKaRwpVG9Hnv9QXsWwlEIzouifxqd8jrGwWQ7en4py6UrGaNhMSF9Fb6ycg9H+0bXXONeTJvbpS+/bcSBrV7smaApc4otT/NfGsg5K1E/rP/NeunsmDnfzIqmqX3MX1tpuRbBKtXWhOrwQsJY7aml5YSpuPxKPmJQmdMOmriGcRZXrRL8SwFs3BE830250ogxzIqoYdNh8zVaZW9JyMqg5o5dIygnmMEAVUmHSP3Kk2U+tIU8tMSRSn0saQVsh54abRJkkCilwDTk3FmfbRzruO7ZoEd4EmmnSvdObPC5I5Xt2hk/2WJqWmg1TV6/s4MY0bj/GjBJ9ob6UrjFKL5T3Ip68Ihc6Ar/9GoHmvQKZc0g6vja1TfVS40NjLvPz/TYJHyXWVgJjxDMKF8jNsaSm26JK0LtScR1nGJv5S4mWoJzKXDTGFH7V5ATQJ/MetriOEbzxkvfMFimwkUKBC290iW1sJszZ6xXSkRYCYI1pEsQutaShilQ22bFCZwTwYFKVIEywS8tC+0/BMPWj9tJclSzyU3ZRfK1bsnpZvq/bcCwEofuXk35LTH2hgwg9HRMVy4eAknTp3CRV4106kd0Y8eexPnzl/EhQuX8Pobb6C9o4NfZjA5NYO5mTB6u3px8uRpvPHGARw/cdJmcocJbkXa+LCvr4/fnsehQwfx8isv49nnn8Xe115Df/8QXhfwam5CaWkRVq9agnVr12Lb1i1MTeYXo6a6rlqovzCB2fDwKDoZfl/PANtHrUkGJqIE05NhDEcz6BoPo2VkGpcGRtEzPo0E24UEy4l2pbf2g2mmPkWAO0KwPBkX6PJiMu3FVMaHadbjONuIpIAR65cG2Qip+S3rJgHv1OCQnROstbad7e1oa22zDdy00dNcIoIEwZ8GdKaibPs9cXYJEfZNKYQC1fRDe2KEWIycsh2LztBvqWZHGFVeY2xPo7NMNW1KRn8iM4hFZjHLcjpUmMCQL4nexBRmWV7D5GcuwzrBvk5r0X0EophjeEwzaQ3F2JDM0I843wm4Ku7WgrHpmpgew+NPPY6TLefRRVB6pq0Fpy5cxMFDR1EQobtkIcJRLetg+WP6a6DA1L15L6MSbqcBaNCRcfFkrwLCBez3PGkCYKUXgWygKICkJ4CWjj76Qz6kSaUyF2T5tv0IfDANANarKMGvx19Inhkmga8KgIp3yF/E/mbW2vLLl1vQ3tmJ0fEJjE1NmhZIaXEppHqfpzzlKU8/KpRXgf4+kjpwzdCKNLMqEiBWZyuhSoKbK6QJuOXODFOyoFt28OxMW9vasO+1fRSI9uLN48dx6PBhCkSXcZjXF1580d5rxlabUWmTKIEnmw2mv1qPJUFYo+1Sm5OwVVJaagIAA7JZYD/D1WygetIUhWttrtTd3W3n0+r4pU2bNlk8dD6qREnHPwpNFJjkn+KgUX2tb0xSkBLoEpBzhXkJFo5KqhCBBOAMwgRgQ6OjdiZrZW0tQkF1znp/PeOkhyNAO96a0bNZ6JlPCoeG/xz3tDeAbE4cexdEyk6UfXzHJHDufJ012XBd4G5TlDQXr7Thlf0HcaWzCxV1daiuqEBoHhzJH4eTeZVqm913gI9IMxFSh56anjYQpdl0o2z4+m/E7zWr4fqryGsGybQFKKhq9j1QqOOyyB/LhaWLgCztzY1PgFXfXu0vXWTvSPZOV+fipIHIueq/mflPdMNyYLaKD58FSI3c8Ghvn9N+fnMXuaFbCqfi2yRShUVgZk6z5cHU3O0ulxz/tSZOoZuhA6XvtcaZ3b3W0HfxQbJZ3ax/EoydR/lIsoEmsUVb/mkyVeQlGLBZYTd0+uk8sV6w7mvtvAZHlD9SndVVM0aBGONCgKXdzPVJxpt0Bi8IFsSrdgpX3daZq1JnlbDt1YY9ZGPEr/W8SZSxvUixeEwVUdBWstkROywzCCLid8LyRlgmmI5ak6lwjAdGUcsXtKmSJpmTikNAgxUFdmZvQANrPg8mAymEKaDH6MhPYbqE39lxMqzrikOS8VJ7Y/sDZNs7S5x/RbL0JqnNnJmZwQsvvGDHyOWqQLtXbdL3zDPP2HnrUoF2v33HpDxiPVT8DhPcHnx9H7rbO2zvgpA/iLYrV/DyCy8a0BglqG1va8dAbx/WrllrR4ZFJydw9NAhnD6hM7VP4Gtf+gp8LEdrli1HgBmVYdrve/oZPP2lr+Lxf/4MwsNjeOlrX0d8ahYFZZX4/N9+BcO9/Th94LP4xpf/GV/5m/+NdQ112LxhHcFUBON9p1EaIjgd9+IbT+7DP37m7/H0555EV1sfdt3zEIEm26GpJJ7efxZN0UIc6xrB3osd2HehDYNjU9iwcb0zOzqno5V8SAocshzMsTwOjE6jqacfYwSOQ7NhNHf0WFmvLq8QBAUYvrQ3PFpvPDtD0N2P86fP4NZbdtsRdsfefNP6uTvuussG8sYmxjAw2IuJmUmcP38al69otrzfZoSLAqVWNrXkQQMNAv1Ke20Cp/5IS15GhoasTwqy39IAkpdAO5ZK4ODFU7angc5VLykqgvagUJlU/6SyKk0X62fVbxGkz0xPsTnxIsL2Sed7k0nWL5/T9DB+Wr5y4tRJ1C1rxO/8zu9g9+23s5/048SxN7F62Qo0NC7G6ISzCaSSQer2GlisKNcO+LDwtD5fM9vWFzNOGrDVQJfOeI56mHp0o70xEqzTJ8eieO3wIezasAylVSswRR6jBVKJ1rxuFQpLfZhg/YwyDuXS2GBZLmC9kx6SyRO+ICYnp6w+P/n15zBL/vfcegsqQwE7ao3Fg+2l2k+nbctTnvKUp3/rlAfA32WSUJUrWOXONsheAFOAVp2vnnUV0JXQ5t4LQMq4AFh+qLPUcTaawbnc0oI39u/H8ZOncIWA6s0TJ+1omLGJKbR1dhroXLN2PVasWsVAnd2kNeOnNUvaZVbrluSXZnCLiouhTUNsLRqftZFO78gweilYhMrKGAHGhUJtZ+8AnnvpZRSXl2PPXXeyR6dkTeEoHEvQxAkO+D3DimmkXvGnX9Oa6WQctEZXM9iBbAdvQoWEbPqdZPIoiYamZ9BCIfIABcIly5ejvrJCKfY2xgE8DuDV3JKTzvJHwMI2zJIrCURMR3NraZh1l/12nrK3ru83Qkomkfu9A8UcksA3NR229H/ym8/hi1/9ip1du3jJEqxYvgKl18ggbokRpxKYNFiheAgoaX3YLAXL559/wbQGVixb6Ti+lnEKoQK8Cluq0PJLxxRpLaGOKOrr7UVtaY1TXum/zjE2NUQaAWtnd+kFXsx/5auRYue8FzkqccwHe5/NFxr9nHR2jPO5c9yXdiY3zz1Sw1fGuIkgR3wW8soe2UFpmlfWl1TEyhUThO/pLhuuc8wLQ1Jc3ODmSTEniPMQBDJNzGTtvhMjksKkPNW3spX3GrYxsox3bIycSCLFR8dWQqljt8Ccw6e807p3qdAKvMcFhEkCo7Ye0sc0Zf6p3PD/fL4IxEr9VOCE0NVAguJu6syFBQ4g5ZuSwiAKQsUMpNBm0z1pGv4CXrY19MfH8L0SyJX3lpSy0ACI2gPyzuS3cuDNsKp7NBdvKWG8sR1TWQrSprjAhyKpyyoNyIud5cqPtVmZljb4pDatPHPT4V+R3DZUdV1rgL/4xS/aed733nuvvVO9STJdVe+1plIA+EMf+pANDur9DZEaGvqZYB7sf/VVgtte7NyxAzu2b7dzttvZjgns3XnnndiyeSNq6xah5fJl26CvcXEDARbb/3gc27dtw6o1a9DZ2mrnLd995122l8HF06fx5c9/AbtvuQUPP/RePPboo7h9963YQ/8mCZD7O4fxn/+P38LPfvwBFDF/D+07iptu2kUgtgzB8lIE/EnGdQbffPYchoaHsPvOXQgxX06eOYPapcuxdPkSfO35V/Dlr3wFBQFnB3/twTDYT2Db242dm7egvqIYhWzLVeakETQ1NYee/kGcO3sWL+/dazPK8vulF19EKUHfTRs3WrqktTyDv0J+o+PlWnqH0E1/l69Zz+sABsansW7TZtQvXYmh8UmcvXgZe/cfRCQB+j+Ek2ebcKG5De09QwR+i1AQLMbYbARvHDmBb7zwCs41t+LvP/dlnLnYgtrGZZiJZ9DWM0ge/SiprsNUOIEDx07g0ME3sH3zVtRWVSNN9P70U0/ZgMQq5oGuE1OTOMm+prunG+fOncWFS5esTvkqylFUVGLLGayc2whYgam2q889dfECPvrRn4a/KITwzByOHDqMDavXorFxCTo729Hf148rLVdwYP8BDA2OoIzlQQPNg+xPDx06ggMHD6GXbjQMWEne1IZF4lEcPP0m+gYG0d/Wie6+IbzRPYoz58/h4d3bkciUoJ99cnGldvQPoNxXxX46gUNN5wz8r6xrQJT98MzEmGmDaEPIJNvT8opKm+V/+ulvYJq8bt+2A9WlOl0hg6BXdUY1Ottu5SlPecrTv3HKt3bfQ3JAmWMkpMnoXirPExMT9ixArBlWCXBSi9aIsOtewFX2EtQEZARYJVCuWbce7//gI/jFX/5l/MzP/Tvsvu12bNu5E7/yq7+K3/u9/xu/8Iu/hA0bN1NEl5hOcYRCbZCCjs45tRlenx+l7ORDoSJJkAaqpHYscTAejdpuqQcOHsQ4O1cJrcSxdl26dBmFuOXCAOQxbUKzjmAK0G8J0cGAD2WlOr7DizkKDIWaRaRQbSrQ0gQjLrXNYPi9gIPWGEpIEqi3zVEYXhOFwenwnAJ8G3KEVvMixziYWrPNBB/0T2BXcbP3/MTe80GbuthV9rLLvjN3NDdO4msB/Ln+yW/NLJSUl2AupqNu4vjYz/w7/MK//zXm2c0U0BfcusBMaWbfMqF0rq+uAj0qB9oU5QyF0L/79Kfx4osvyLVDrickhxOHpDWg2XdTdaY/EvKampsoFH0dYxTKZicnLU8EwFzjxGPeu7dc3x059cG5I1HIlrHZZ9qnEwS5Wt/Kl9r8SSmYTvEd45+g4KpjYJAhaE7piKQwkpEJRJlG2klZ0FrprfTSRkPptAZmFBeJeVf/dKTRd2Kc2V8nRzUr5trpOBZt95ShEGlrLenMjKZ7aXzkQWtypa7orMl0r3TLeqxviFT4jeqoHBYgoMEivrPhCqFTP7FnsR8B1qlAoIwgpZiAkwK6pxKVQQIp3vMrfptdRkDAXMh0WpIpR11BKTKBUoLoEpRlqlCBapR5y1HiLTVgW07+SpnVoZAGp8g3gXMmW1/pqeRyu8p7X5BuLCas7wTdBUUE1v5CA70lngABMNsUpql9pHJq4FdGg3gExozXd5tcsCtyy9e1pPdqV28Y+GZJ32vzvjmCuWGCnJmpWey8+RZs3LqNeVWCvccOo7CqDB1TY+iYmcBskRets2NonhnBKJNilK1t3bbNqFq/HgWLapFqqMWZsSEMMv+mmLYHe9qwt+kMKgl+bvroh1G0YxOWPHAX0quXoHxxIyZSPgTrl6O4cQ18tQSBvnLUrN2G0mWrmY9FmCssRcvQFC50D2H51ptx+4Pvxe337GGbPIsnn3zcNnFKhmexrLYGH37wAfzST30EH//Qo7hl8yZMEtROjo5aHP3FzHzyq2KhMhkPh1FWHEKIICwyO2eq8dqwzs90VXFR2Quwb1EDW8A8DxSX0LDchkrQMzSMc00tqF+yhGm102Y9g0E/egdHcaGpFeUEr/e+5714z0Pvx5Jlq3Cx6QrbzAoDoSdOnyXgLMZP/8zP4bY9d2JkZAyvvLoXR48dt0GW5suXbWZZ2vk6j/zYm8dx4uQJAtIO1ic/JiYncOr0KVubLqWYoZEh/NM//SN+6z/9J/zlX/4lvvDFL5nm1LPPP28q7Am2O+p3RepTVA/Ul2nmtqamFhGmQ3//IIZHNONbhHLyGScAbbrYhK8/+XWC4qNwznL22ckEbe2d+Oazz2FyZhZ9bHOPnTqDp/h8gu14hn3mCMHpS0ePoXN8ElOzCfQPjeP00CCGWI693hC+dOgQ/u7ZZxnmOHkJYYz5caJ3FP/45Sfx0sE3GUYCbx47iaee/AaOHT2Os6fO45lvPo9zZy9i7ytvYGxkAmdPn8e//PPncejIaVsqUZBm+Z3RxpZ5ylOe8vSjQU6rnqfvKbnAN5lMmmqUjuuQurKA5okTJ+ysXwHc/v5+nDx5EhcvXsRldurt7e0GiF2BzXYNppCxmELQ7Xv24AEKNtt33mRn11bV1GH5ytXYuuMmbNqyxdSaW6504MibJ3GlrQ1zkTkDwgIHEzNT6OjtQnt3JwYpeGk2aJrvZxJRG5kWANVa37l4HGMUKHQy7yzvkxQKIlKDG5/CpdYOnLjQhK6BQTsCRWt4R9mhaoR/dNoxV3oH0Ds6Qf9itsOtzpSMRRKYHZ1EeHIGaQLCOEGw1HxTBAQxotcRfpek8ORAjusZwRGX+Mykce0EbAUmHJCtuwX3dk87AaR599mryL2+W2IQTn7zXmkt0nUurPMuE6ipqsYH3vc+3Hf3XSgtKcYs00Nr5tJSIORVx38QvRl48xJISRVcOwDbUSgsPylGOM607OwewFQ4Dq1+CzMN5ijZ2ao4+SG/pC7LfC6U6rk0AChkBSlMeWIZFHuKkYpmMFOQojAdRZhgEdqslk7VQAiSJcnzTCRq68jF/2Q0ieGJWaRnnbWAI1EK/9EZzHhSmC1IQ6vfxnSsSjqKkblpTLEsTRNsDxFgx8lDP4VFqSFrzd/o9DjiLIsRBpvunUJmLMqyVcgyQr8GziIVpxBOfhJz4wxb5yD7WE4KMeMPYZzpgOQYEBtGJjmMxGQnZpPaUCyFMTKWIK9SxUwzXlonGCevKZbPtwDb7/i3AJZ0p9kt/ZyU4lV100zWQZYWHq95kafvGgngWh3Pgtxrga40alxwfO27d0T0IhONw6NNwvgToNRRY3MEhRMz03jplZdw8coVPPXCc/jLT/8dnn7lRfRPjqFnfBhdbG8zfh/OX2nB//2Hv4+//cd/wGGCtSjrb5G0Xoji/ATRxQ0NWLpyJet/MevhnG0mqIETLcueYX8RiWkPCGcjqinWc50VzirAeHngLwyivaMdTc2XESJwDIWCuOX227D71lvRxr5gmG27dvdvXLwI61ctR315EAG2NeUEt2Mjg9b+qCHLqF3WwCvb08ryYppybFi3Bg/edx92bd+ObZs24T333IuVS5dBO4mbsoC0fJgPapgFIoNlZbaXhM00M19aOnvQNTRmfUmaYLmtZwSxdIDAeBWqG5ZhE/uvxpXbcOZSD4bZZo6wj/jaC3vRMTSJiqUrsZVx+L0/+QTW3bwHvdMRVDTW41zXID771HPomQqzPfKifPEK1ARKMNrVi0kCzhe+/k0UFRRi/dp1bBOMG4yOj2PRsiX4xN/8NT771S/jT/7qL+ArK8bA8CjbpaQBePUPGjBVUdE624yHgJbp/vwre7H/0BGMTUzitjvuxNLly00Dq/n8ZZpmbNm4Fb/ws7+IDz/2Y1jcsATn2U9eae3Ennvvx8d+/udxz8MP4zz79qdeegljkQiOX2pi25nBojUbcPNNt2D71l1I19Uh7A+i1FuCPpa3S2MTqCysgi8RwEgSGGX72NrWR/mgwPaTOH/2EibGphjHjbj37vvx2CMfwjbKAe97731YtWIt7rvnPfjP/8evYM/u7UgltVwphdJSZ3fpPOUpT3n6UaA8AP4ekytw6aqZXx3Dcf78eQO/+/btM5W9zs5OW7dz4MABfPnLX8ZTTz1l7o4ePWpqeyIbkaZwow1J1CPrCA5voY8CUALDIyOoIrDSOjut3dUOpecuXMI//NM/4S/+8q/w+c9/Af/P7/8vfOkrX2bnHjE+NOJ99M1jdmamwj90+BBefXUvLl25bOutrrS2oqXlMkYIXHSm6hSFPI20nyXvF5uacO7ceTz/7PPYe+AguvoGMDM5jQOH6Mdrr+LsiTdx6ewZPPPcCzh74aLN0Hl9QJRht3d14vCRQzh8+CDOXTyHN0+cwIzWDQcDSBcGKAiyc/YGMUTkcr53FGfae3Ghq5/gmIIYwZ2OgSnQhiFCbASJ0dkpAylzFECOHDuJT37q03jyc5/Fs48/gQsXmhFmWrS0D+LYkTP4yz//JP7kd34PB7/xPAoGxuCfjsIXpdAWAWYn4nj5zbM4OtBLkBXFDMOZGBkgKNQ6zThOnzyFzz7xDJ568XU8e+gETpGvSDKC5Gw/0tERm32cIQBrp78HTlzAwGQEnYMTNoAwTeHU2QbIgyiB6GhXFwrId2J4HKWUpmPpSSTTBP40s7NDdEn3Cd7PjKC9tQmtV5rQRoFJa8hqFy1DZc1ilFQuQmXdMkxRcO4kyGzq7sZIWDP50hwgNwSlWosXYHnQTqNpCuxTFDxDTNtVK9bjzlvvREVdLfwE4QlNi0ioF1ikYKQ1nCpnmg1xd2NNSBWbQmGBz4MkBUSVNVuXTAFxZm6GcYjbQIbUcEtDJfxORzAVzm/2VknhXhuyaM2yz+8cNeL1UUguLgYoWMeYnVNhL0KL6glak5iORTEVCSuXWSYyGJ4irNd0vdY8EwiDZUXzugFpMhAkRJj2sxQidc6yNmizWWAZjYrk6UeCBLwEbJXv1wPAuTPA7wYAa9BtOuTHXEUxorVlmKssRrK8hIClENFCL5avWYvFS5biIx94DD//kz+Nn/3gR/B//fvfxPt23YHVpRVIjkfxwlefZdvjwc9/5GPYvekWlPpKEcwEEIvECdpmUMX6PTeteuxBcbCcYBeoKqtifSmFt6IWfVNRpItrULpsLUoa12GiIIQJ1qphuptI+9A9ybrjL0aguh5htgrjM2PwhLwEZLVoWFSN5MQoCqbHsarUi+JYGrWsv1vqapCemoAnu8tzqoCtSSHjy/d+tiUzoyM4cegY2i8RbPX3o6vpMqb6B9F06jSb4oS1M7G5MNJsQ5yEYt1NzNKvWazbsBr3P3APgeI0jh47Bu16rTjpfPPamgY0NlQjyPYgyH4tFk4T1HlRVlFh7abaIa24qSFQD5UEsX79Cmtf1I8FCdrvuottWUU5vvTlr+H5516kf9X43f/020jNRBAdn8KbBw7Bl2Hbyz5Ca7RDRUW24djY5ATKa6rYdiUZViXbGrZ5E2yX2c5K118tB4uS3agN0602FGtuuUKugLVr1+KRRz6IKvohDZX+nn7b0XvXTbsQCjiaUAKamqmuX7QY5ZWVbL8bsH3HVhuUu9LRbhLZINO1tr4B1TX1qK+qwbJGuq2tR8pbSL696B0ewsTsHKrLq1FMf33+AvJbYgOqM+xPxkYn0NvTi9KSUixbtsLiV1tTTqCr855D1gaWlZWivFibV3owNT1j7XKe8pSnPP0oUR4Afw9IApjWZ4okaFnnSbv+gX6cOncGxRVlNiK/Zcd2G9FvaW/D1Nws9r3xBi63XkF9wyKsWrMay1eusPWB2lHS/IjHEKKAJXU0DwFhnIBnjAD17EkKIBQ+ikIBCgzsUEemcOZCC6rqGvFzv/Rr+MB734fm/fvx6onTFIY8GD2/F/u/8im0vHgAw+e6sb9vNV5oKkFnbxOqKtKoCR/BueQyfPXSDL7YegpHUzOYKYzjQMt5/BOFs0+cakIpoxceCeMPXj6JT+0/h3RXH/73Fz+Hf6Y59s0v4rnP/R0+//Vn8ezBo+gam8RYLIWLBNVf/caTOHB0Pw4cO4ivPvU4fv9P/wyX2jqR8AUQKSBYKqtHprgMJwen8ZmXD+OLBJyvnb6EiARXSCWWYkp8ztaD2tEyGQKjRAKHDh7EU09/k0D+KE4ePoyWCxdwubkVR09cxL79R3D61Dm0tXZQWDuLT/7ZX+Bv//TP0XKc6TYVQ+vZy/jEn38KX/jyV/FHf/kJfPLTf4veoQGUEbRNT0/hi5//Av74j/4EX3vyKTz3/At48eWXceLkSQo3SfgIID0Eg3EKgAcOHMO//Mtn8MQTj+P/+7u/i9/+L/8FP/+L/wF/86l/wAAFxpaWFlNb/oPf/3/x9//wWQwM9qOkyE+s6oXPow2pCinUaPbXQ8FwAifI39e//gyepVD3d3/3j6YWqA3NOjr7kDEgWYT2libse/UVfPUrX8Qbr7+GkbEJdPX141JLG4IUmBEoRqYwiBmC1n1v7MfY1LStKdWgQ9/EGLyhIHwsE53k5WV+/8UvfBnf/Oaz+NpT32BaHsOUJ2MbsJw5fAIXTp5j6msNqRfBuQzGm7pQnCxEnbeEkuwsxq/04tLBk4gMT2K6axglFGJrCFZ9McYsmkF8MoJ/fvZpPHvkCJrH5zAp9e+aCsQobF6YmEX73DSauzrQ0t+DcWkllITQz3xuTcyhOx1GF8t1W/8YwmGmkUc7hzPdyf3YzCzrUBdmw1EbEJIKvOqdNg+Tar7Uv/P0b5fUtops5pGUC4Blct/nvrth0vda15wiwAknUU6AGgsnUBIKEYhV4o4HH8Ac61jP5ChSxUFcGu7B5fFBDCCKCZ8Pr1+8iHODA6jfthXnRscwQLYH/V6cHCXQKQrCv2kNZhfX4J8OvYa/O7gP/3hsP/74uSfxR88/jcGBQQOws9NjmCSAvXjhHHxBgsZEHIPDszZricIUQdYWBHzA0UNvYJb1Y//hQ+xrMrj9tltQX1OJCm2CFplFKZOmlGlSTFTfUFKExPSkbWAVi+qorTQiySj8hc5ylYbaWgK0SlSWlGAZgVw1AdeiqmrUVlSxL4ohTkSrDfak/i7grmUyw4O9GBnqw/TECPbcejMeeuA+TIyNoIdgURrW2sSqo7UNPWwvJJwEBTxTaQLixQj4fQSSXhQVhdDd3Wubsmn35qGhCYLfWQN1Okv53nv2YNfNu3Dy5Cl0dnZh2fJlWLdxow3svvLKK5bvv/iLv0jw34DJyUkbVNYsusqClgFJy0r7LGhzQS07Et9MKiO37NjSEN5r3fZP/cRP4Gc//tO4fffNBJiltkO1HXkUiyLEvsDZYE0aB9rVPQAdWxfktYRlwY7PYjx0hr4dIUiH2rNitLsP1UXFOnQb3gS/jbI8BYtR5SvCzMAwZrsH4I3EUeRha82+N5RgG5xIY/PyVaitLUVEssDoqA3WhopLtGzZ7iNRsB9sMm2yaJxRYAHRpmAaNB5iWcpTnvKUpx8VygPg7wFplkE7juqqzlczYVIlO3nqFOLsWTds34oH3/8+3LLnNqzdtAE9AzruIIkrne0oYqf+8Afej4ff/37cedddqKisRJydso4+KaTxs6O2s0cZjo+dp5+daHguzPDG0d8/jLHxGXR19eDlV19D3aLFuOWWW7Fu6TJsXrMWweJSjIxPYu3yRvzkhx+hELMYR/cfwuX2ASxbuQm37b4VSwiaF9VX4Kabb8GP/8QjeOi9D6PaX2YzxVs2b2bn/+P49d/4BfzYTz6Cf/czP2PrvyJat0yArk2dfunf/yr++BOfwF99+u/wf/yX/0zhIIWzZwg0KTxoLVZvTw/uvvtu/Pqv/zruuOMOUwsfYEccnksSyMZRXlpiZ6GePnkerQSMAX+hqeppJ1CKnRSwKMQS4Eho0O7FUj2UAKMZ9cjcHH72534W9370fbj3p96LTTetR01VOdatW4qb92zHr/zWL+HX/udvo+HW1TgX70GrZwiTRVEULqXg44nhIw8/jI/d+wHcsp2CTVklZgmuj1LATHsK8XO/8Iv41P/8U/z+f/yv+Miu+7DSW4lgphCzkQhGJ8YRno3j8IHXMTLYh/fcczfup5HANz48RPs3yNsMioM+1FSUY/nSxSiloFtXVcHCQhkoVUzhUWq5paitXoH+vgl89l++ipMnLlHIW8S8jeDzX3qKAPaYHV2FQoLaghCGRqfR2d7KMPrR3dGGV19+EafPn8fAyCie+Po3KBBPIJHxUpAtwPEz5/D6gYMY4ru+vl769Trau7tsSKGl6TKeeOopPEGA/8TjX8Nelp2XXnoZ+14joJ4cR4Tl7419r+PlF1/GKAE2CzN6KLS+9vKryDD+0+MT+NIXvoj/9T/+H/zX3/kdfOixx/Cnf/wnOH/uggmQYyybn/7bT+Ov/+qv0dbWjpdfdjbgae0aYroQvDL8z33+K3iSPLfy/cGDh3Ds9GmUlpTbxm4vv3YER948x7hdwolzl9A/OIJEWuvME7jQ0orj5y7icms7unopaM/M2Oy1s5mcpq8cldg8/dsnFwCLTGPmGnJVoN8V+CVJ3Tc0GcOiQAnuXLsN7999NwEkwRrbpzKCmJt377bdd5947pt4+uUX8NyB13CmtRmJUCHCBJPrNq5DEYHka0cO4YXXXycsJuBbvQrjrAsXerqwaecOLFu7BifPn8NTzzyDvQf222zhCdaJvv4+1BGIqkx3dnXiwMH9tia1vr4Wy5aUEoRnCI6nsWP7Ntxy800EWx50EPycPHUSjY2LsXWrgLGfQPhW7Nq5E1Fp3zA5ygh+S0JBBAN+RCJha1vV3qrf8hLI6bp8+VI8+MD9+PCjH8SHH3sEP/mRx9gHfAwf+fCj8Pu0oRIQYHusQVsjptNoTytqS3wIpCJ2veeW7Vi3pA4n9r+GQrYri0r9WFFbhiD7AX8igzm2aZHRHox3tWCqvwOZuWnUBMH0jbG9ZR/C+B/b+zyKUnPYuKQagXgUFd4UilOzOPn6c+g8dxTLKgg6J6cQnp7Bl9kurVq+AovrFxlArGZ/upjgfQn7KvUbSrtS9rnOxnIEmBoQZDnRyhHFR0caGQRmG6r+Rdoxixc3EEzGTdtERSkU/P+zdx8Aeh3V3fDP7mqLtOqyii1Ztty7ca/YdNN7r6GXkAB5AylfCAkvKYQ0AoQWSiD0ToDQDBgwNriBMbjbuHer113tfvOb1bGf7CvLlmSDyvxXo3vv1DNnZs6cMzP3PhNi7YYFb9/YWLZ0eT2eXvnRPyFmzZoVN990Uz3lZT67/sZb6gfb9i1t7MvVjO51y1bEyOq1EetGY+2d5b4Yr7uV+bmnCOjTHvaIeNCDjijGf+nDJdeSZUwq+cyYMrXMKRPrNz18R4Rhf8WVV4SvXevjs2ZODh+f26X0l8mM64KJ/V1ljik9tZQ7fboPTTY0NDTsHGgG8AMMChbla/LkydW4G1tRHq0/d3TpJZfE9ddfXybB/hgqzz6qMWvmrJg2bVpV3nyN09Ekk2iuPJtEfUxGXiZmSCXO6rXV5vkL5tcVaMei/dzC0qVL4pJLfl2MzWvjY//5n/GVr/1P/OKya+KG25bFHcuHYsqcPeKhj31azNlr//jCN78TV5Z40+ZMienzFsaqnpLHpF2iu29SzJw9IfYY6Y6eJXfEpMXLY9qKNTFx6cq6++vjvfOmDsatZ5wRl196aSxeuzp+ftWVsbwY+MsLvSP9vfHQk46KqYOTYnmZ7H0N95abb64LA4sW7RWzdpkde++1T63PHbfdVgzlolAUA5hCcuFFV8aVl19Wj4I9+TGPjOOOPOSuI62UlJ7CH7sMw0PDcefixXHNtdfGdcWwnjptapxSDM8DTjg0Fhy8KOYs2CX2WrRbLNqzKDsja4oxuLbQtjp6pg/ELWvujOWxNu5YtSSGJ4zW47i7FKX06MOOiBOOOa7QPbmUF7FsxYr6EZ/58+fH0sVLqhJ0Z6nDDaW8tUVhmTxpcuwyY5dC30hcffXVpW6L4rTTHhXPfNZT4w9+/xXxl29+cxx88EFVodxnn72rEvrSl74knvPsZ8V+++xZ6jtU2n1t3HrLbfW3XL0j/b3v/iC+8+3vFcVpbjzhCU+OpzzlqbHPvgcW5eY3sWptaffJU2P1uvVR/sVhB+xdePSoeO6znlH6yvo48+yzY6AY72ddcFGcdeHFsWJkNG4sbffV7/ygtOvkmFgUwDWlL531s3PishuvjzvWrIorfnlp3N49HE/4vefH61/3hnjZS14aT3rCE+KOO5fEj6+4OG4rUmPC6pEYXro67ixplxVF9Zyfnh+f/ewXY/my1WPvy3X1xOGFb+//yIfj81/7avzl2/8h5tuFuW1JXFQM7ptK/3jWK14cr37Ba2K3abvFZ/7ry3HDtbeXfttb32VbsXJ97L3f4UWJ3zcGJ86MSy+9JlYNd8WlV10XP7zgwhgaGIxdSvjs/Y6Ivtl7xbKuqXHNzcvjK989K878+SUxcdauMTKht35wzTt8FFC78vUI9NhQatgBkXISyND6zuoGP9c88tzpR5aKt6WQ05IiM1YXOXL4I06J4x7/yBiYNSXK0IzBYkCeeuhh8dxHPy7e+LTnx+89+FHxR494arzhoU+MUyftGvutnRBHTp4Xf//8V8ffPfc18fbnvjo++No3xkf+6E3xnEMeFI/ZdWE8ZMrM+IdnvjL+5ikviWfvc0w8Yc6B8cojHh7vfP5r49kPPy4O3G1K/OCrn4x/+qs3xdTu1fHKFzw9BrvKfFKMpYmlrnvvMjUmx8p4wqlHxm6TRuMLH3pXTJ0yLY444sg45aSTythYFbNnTI1DDtg3brn+hpjS3xO9o8Mxe/rkeMFznhm7zt6lvu9r9vEFY0be4OSJZW6JYmh1x7RyP7GvO8q/KEnrF58nTZxYP7RYJr/KIxOXVyamT+yNIw/ePxbNnxMDMRyzBgfigL12j/6ukZjYOxAnHXtkPOYRD4m9Fs7x89IxOjwae+w6L04+7pi46fprixwejMc++lGxYLd58cUvfyk+/clPxs/PPzee9tQnx0knHB9TBvpjWplj9t5rURx80EExvdB9yy23xuRidJpLly1fVudeyGO/jM45Zf6xqOuL+vUjgcVvSpmz582bG5Pqq0QlojqU/xzXHhnpipkzpxfDebcNxn6ZM7wjXRcKouRV5osYiT0WLYz+gb6aZwmqfZLBvHzZsvjqV/47Lvz5BfHVL32lfnzw4P32r7/FPaPU8ZarroiLfnp26Z9Dcds1V8atv/pVTFi+PFatWxqLCm8XFNp/cubpcdH5Z8WaG+6MtTfcFENL74jLfn5uoacnjjziQXFgac+hdauLXL06rrzimjL/O5I9VOpaZP7qlXHhL66I225fWQx3XBiJ7vpzDA0NDQ07B5oB/AAjFS4GsHu/OwiULu/TXnPNtXXS9d6kFfbJZeKcOXNmMQBW1BXpGdOnx9SpU2sePnzkapfXpG3VdswkHoN3LpXj/Uq/WTh9+tQYHOyLSUUh2HOPPaqyd/sdd8T0mbvE0cceHw8qCtD8PXaLnmnTY/ouc2JKuTIsh9YPl/ueouRMjaEyO1qpvrYY6mtWl0l/YlGmCo1+NmTG9Gn1WNq0olT5CZC+MjHPKgqVI2dLS51uvOmmmFxonzhxsBiofXHtjXfUo1j9xWBdUww772z5bcZFe+1VFwD8lqmjZXYcukaKUuqId1Egu4sy1l0UiOmTB2PmtElFwcpdvLH3m4v5X4+6UrDQf8MNN9SjynYvikfMHd01pg/PiLWjE+OcW1fGF869OP777F/HWZffGotvHIopXQti1W9GY/rQrtE9MDsWr+mPlYsOived+9P4y69/Mq5ZuzKWlDJWLV0V55x1bnztjB/E6eefF/96/unxiRsvirN37Y7LDpwVV/T4EM1Q/YmJM77zzbj4wvNj93m7FKWmGOtr15R6dMWB+y6Kc8/6cZx5xulF0ZwQt954TQwWhWXerGlF2RsOP3c8eWBqzJk5vyiTg1GKjptvWFz4tDBOPPFhMX3G7Njv4EPjsU9+ej3uu6xo2QPTZ0bP4JTYbdFesc+8qXHQwl3i1BOPKYpUf/z8ootjXfdAjE6eHV8545w4/6qb49tn/zzW9E6JRz/1GTGjKHhdRZlavm5NLHN8vLu0zW3L4rwbro7BvXePE449oShTh8WJx5049jGd1Uui9IQSZ2msvn1ZrJnQFUNFCb61KGo3DK+J5ZP6Yri00bLJffFPn/2veN6fvjE+/IPvxNcuOi8uWbcsbhrsidtmlHY+YI9YUuq8cP3UOGX3w6LrllUxc91A3HTJdfHdz389VpY6L5g0O64465dx+6+viaGblkfvulLXoaJsro1YuXh1LB2eEJPmzIuuyTNi5Uhp+wmTY8VQxC13Lo/hrv6YNWd+TJw8rS4YeXfZUcZ0DTsmGLK5s2sXzAcFXfnnAqRnV89AvnneYhSZvGZqf6woY6F/3swY3G2XGC2W4FCRdb093bFrMcIO3XufeMLJD42HHn5MPPyQo+K4vQ6IuV0TY9pwMRZHu+OQPRbFUfvuX657xQHz94h9582PXSYNxowyNgeLnN9nwcw47dRj4omPfmwxEB9ZDMKjY98951Qj7BUvf3584P0fiM9+9rPxb+98Z7z0pS+Nk09+cDH01hfHQB8psmYwDjloYTzj6U+Mt/3fv47nP+/5cfRRR8dgkc3Tp0yPY445Jk499dTYZ799Yr1XSYp1O23GtHjMYx4Tu+++e+WV+clH+8ZM/rsXGu5CencGFd6kk+cpxx8Xpxa3z0IfyhqJ3mJ0HbjXnsXv6JhVZMajTjkhHv7gY2PWlIEY6BqKaf3ri8G8Z7z4uU+K4w89MGZP7IuHFiN5v/lz4/Ji7F178S+LMFgaJx52YOw2dTD6y1wxqXs0HnH8UfHGV78sXvHcp8dR+y+K0sDxzGc/K971rnfHy17x8pg6c0aZlyZWEsmDo486Kk458aQY7JtY313uLTw/aN/9Yo/582JiaUP2L9db8l5fZHxPSbP3ngvjwP32LYZ7T52TnMBarx+V9DPL3LtvMUCPP+mEMgcWugrdPvTOAD7qqCNi/vxd6270Fz77+TjvZz8r5cyP/ffZJ4imE485MtYtXRLf/9b/xHe/8d9x7tlnxszSD04pbdRf+tjMgYmljt3xkQ//R/zTO/4uPv+Jz8YFP/1Z7DZ3duxeDPK1a0fr+8gW0s8888fxgfe9L77+9a/X0zZz506Mo48+uu72XnHFlXUnukz3Fb0WLBoaGhp2EjQD+AFGHr0z8VHMGLCcydeRJ7+He+stt8TiOxfHimUrqlHo54UoZLcUf7u/jqgxbsd2MMZ2KuQxtgta7ksZDEKKHO3DjvLMMsH7zVBH3nYrRs6JRelYt3ZVPPUpT4hTH/6weOaLXx6nPvRRRQnpjSVL1sb5F10ey0teL37t7xeaIi674ra4/c4VMaFvSjGKZpS0a6vxuqsjX2uGYnDp4thlzeqYunRpzPa7SCNrYnjVkmKAzY2Fs2dHTzGEdttj75gwOC1uWrUuLikT7dLbbo7h1UUhLUpEX1F85s7apa6uW6GvPw9xxeWxy4wZsd/ee8esojSsddytKELHH75/7L3rnGKsXhc/KwboVVf8piobpeLFyKXEdNcPgHT1TKi/pbhgwfzCwwXFaJxZv5o8s9AytSgoM1aujaGf/jxu++bpcXiZ7B/7oMPjhMP3iUP2nRN77jerGFBLYm7fSOy3y6R43cNPiRcdeFT0//zGWH7tbdG/vvB7ytRYO3VS7HXAgfVnp/75BS+MP37Iw+P/Pvi0eMtxj4wDJsyM4b5JsbooRA879aS6o3LmGd+L1SuWFUWzGH3rh2LF0jtiaFVp56V3FqN+OHadPfaxl/4JpZ+U8L7C5DWrirJZjGW7wZMm9cZ+RckaKXFvueXm+pM1a0vfmNDfHZOmToyByV1xZ8lz8Yo7Y6gYoSV6dA07xjgSEwqfKTUDg5PiyGLA3rZsZVx89U1xxlk/iyOPPzGOPOboeoR69bq1MXvO3Pq7z2uKAjm5KFhdA30xWIzHgUkT6qLE9OmDdbGit+S1qtC5fOmyWLV8RU3rYzGzd9s1Zu86LxYvK4Zxof2oY4+NRz/+sfGkpz45Lr388lhWeDC3KF0WY/T3GaV/Tpk6tS5a7DKrKNWlI++6666x6KC9a99dvGRJnHPuOXHRhRfWnRq7OwMDE+rRzD32nF+Uye4497xfxRlnnBe33X5n3fnZddfdYr/9D6j69xk//FH84peXlPvRwvu+Mv58DXfsWGaOoYYdG2QumcmRl+kHZDFHPutfGzsifV8h5+mrRmP6ytGYuno0Jq+KmLg2YqAYnxM2dLUiqmJkcnd0Te+LoVllzE3viSVT1sfSicOxZkrE6uJWTo5YMSliabFDlpVxvKyM9UtuvyOuXb0mlhWy15Z+PGm3aTGxuOHJE2J1GZd9a+6MweGRmBbrYlKRwVO6h2NGkXlT+iKmkhGM2XXLYmTtndGzuoztIgfnT+uP/RftF1MHptT3a+1qAj4YL35qze9/DxeZc9BBB9XfMp7gVRNx6w9al0pxdaQV3pqDxrm7Ie/i/Cs83muPPeKgYuhNL3JgeNXKGFq9MqZNmhiLdrfg1xX7LFpYZOLMiGEfNxyOqYMDseucWXHoIQfEvCJ/RovsmVDqfcxRR8ZrXvXK+Nu/eVu881/+OQ7cf/+YXgz2as0VN6vMQQ9/xCPihOOPj4mDg7GkGJT7FtlwykMeEnvuuWelzBxr3rTQfOIJJ8STn/yUegLL71mvH11ffyfXx7RYtCN1AcDPEHWXvhLR198bBx94YByw/75FrvTU3d+e0sfWF/ocOR4s9XvUaY+ME08+IXr7JtRd4NrFSpyjjjwiTn3wyfGUJz0+Dj/4oHjSYx8Tv//yl8UBpe4r77gzDly0Z/zx614VT3rcI2L+vrvFYcccGE992IPjkcceHNPmT4kHH7hbvPKpj4uTHn1CPOxJD41nnPbQeMKpJ8RznvekOOXUMmf19cRhhx4Qxx17dOyzz16x9957xMEHHxBHHnlYIaC0QSlnTuHpsmV3ljnlhrjjjtti9colsXL52Ac2GxoaGnYG9LzlLW/5qw33DQ8QxgzXsfd/U9ly70vNv7nu2nrvK5QrlhejohiCxxXjwY7o6d/9bhx7zDFxwnHHl/TFaCwKW37F1hFa+XAUCzsc68skzaA+59xzy6S3d52cTcz+GC9n/eTMOL+E3VKM0S9/5Sv1txYP33+POP9H34+zzzo7Zu++KPbYa4+4oRhe3//ml2L51efELtOmRe/apfGjS26PKy+6LKbefEnMnDIYd97wm7j44ovirF9eGeeddU5ceMbXitF8SfzwV7+Jk8oEf/JBC+OKG5dEf/TEqttvjkt/fVlcdNEvY/Ftt8QRBx0Yhxx4UPSOjtRj4I5/LVm8pH5JekIxvk495ZT6Malf/PwX9cjxwx98Qizcbff6XuutN1xff3PyQQftXwzprvouMCPfQoCPUOH1tBkz47rrrq+/rewdrt9c+tO47OJiSC0bjp6b7ozLf/rT2Gv3ubFLMUpHJw7FRz7ygbjq5qviqGMeFIfvd3DccsN1sfjS62LpTXfEVz73ldjnkH1jZslzXVFMf/qznxXlrKu+MzZ86/r6sZaJQxNj+uSJY19I7Rutxt6swelx/vnnxznnnFMUqyeXdu+LC3/xi/j1r35V3/d67nOfV1fhP/XpT8ahhx4WC+2IlPo4Bt9XFCZHsIfWrIv+YoBS1C+77JKYscv0WFSUmRtvujl+eNZPYmJRiB/80JPilxf9On527k/jQYcfEo88am8dLtYMd8ePf/zjOOCwY4oxelxM6Jscv7n2+rqQsbYY4HYB9ttzbqz1de2fnxeXXHpZzDlo36Ik7hP9V90eP1r8m9i39KFDZ84Z62/FmD733J/HtX1Dcfihh8aE86+uH5U54GEnxuyieL73Xe+OG265KZ7y1KfG2qI8zt9tt/obn3Pnzo2ziyF7Wcn/IY9+VM3L18wHByfHwSX/mcvWxa8vvCh+ce3NcVJRCufvNhhn/+z8WNE3LV7/Ry+MJ598dBxbaJ29734x2Ncd8+bNiYVHH1q/qttXDOh3vef98aBFc+qix3oLCsUI3uugw4qqOqF+tOuhRx5Y369es+T2+rXpvv5iYZS+sjUGT8O2C+Nf26bR+773va/Kwkc9aqzvkbW5COnDhJ/5zGfiWc96Vn0vM43kLcHA0mJAFrnQN9oVvet9vq6UxRjUzYrxKuv1jKcin0fL+PZjukPFf73FQFuDJd5o8WZf+ri5Tbn1Jb2vA3tvc6jI/XVkPIOTTNd/S7zpE0bqqy+Dk/uKkbU+uid0x8jQQJk/xgxFderuWxN+IaCne3qRlyXR6PJS1uSxsHHjoPKvGHTdpcxb77g9Jpdx6psTY6/pFPlajOAijsagclhW6vz/YIPXqHopsljFo+pS8urp9fEnvzE/VPIWt6fIp4k1vLd37LjwmrWr6wKe940dze0rsm7l6qFiF6+vr5n0TuiLKZOnxtSp02NS/8QYmDSl0GyBuad+lb5ngnm2t/42sS9p1687F6N6aZlj8a6vyOPhMl86IUBeOio9bfKUGPA6TeG7thu0I9rjBFeZuwvBDGPve3f7+FZpy8ll/pg2a1oMOGFQ/gZK+SND68I+alfh4ay5u9QvQvvIoMWEkmXl+WAx+GcUmXnqySfHoj32jIMPODAOKnP14EB/3HT9jTG79MW9i2zer8ji2YWu2fPnxYR5c0s5PTGvfzimThyMuaXcybtEHPagQ2PRbgfV3fop86bHnNm7xPCqtTEwMBAzp0+u88qBBx0Quy5YGBNLuV0lj9lzZxW3oL4utfcevri9S0zsL/NM4UtX4VlDQ0PDzoBmAD/AMMk6ckfRsNKc7x1ZfZ47Z07dnbMb3NvTW42sRXvuGbvPX1Anyj12X1gM4GNj3pxiqKwZ+6IkBaYaveVKmbNiX+bkCs+U/MsuvyKOPubokv/s+iVc+c8qxpP3gS+66KIy0Q4UY3kojjjhxNhz93lx62+uqIbKSQ95WMwpk+OkPebEDdfdGcfst0ucfPJJ0bd+ZfxycX8xzlfG4w9ZEAeUCbuvGDkm90kLD4r+Ur+Ja5YUxagnnvTK/xPHH/ugmDK0PK66fUUNW3nbjfGLCy6I3ffaK44sxvEjTj2lTOK+mloUnVKv9YUvN95wU1FaJsTBhxcj9EGHR38xKClctK1Zu8yp74qhe97sWTHVu1mzZ1aFAB/87mFPUdjGFIzuym/KrfeBvWP9s5/+Km5ZsjYuHuqKS6dPi9NvvTmuKwrQVy/6VVx65XVx9e2rYv6CA2PObgfERatH41u/uCTeUwzVH9xwWSw4+bA44dijYu7CBTFp7XB0F5quuv22+N6PfxjvvuCH8YEzvh7v+dk34luLr48DDtwrFhVja7RodVOKkuIdbb/r/NOzzqpH33/w/e/XD9B4L/kxj3tsLF18ZzWSvV87tdB1x623xuCUyUUhK/Vg3HcPlfpE3H7HTXHeBT+Nc4tzlO7a666KS668NPbZZ4848qij4zfXXBEX/frCwoP10bv0hriqtP+ti5fHmT8+Mx78yMfHvNKfJk+dHNfecFtV+HYpytKee+4Re+02s/ada666ovJpwYMOjgP3PSAGrl8S373xknrUfbd1fXHD9TfV33n2c1grd5tSlLUDo+eC39Sf6RpdMCMO3Gff+NmZPy5K3mg19keK0qstu/p6Y79iqF56zTV1x/YRpzzE6cD43g9+EBdeeGEcffzxsfvApLih5H36+b+qfdau1Wc//7m44JpbijF+RBywx2AsLYr4kglTipLWHdfedFtcvcLO+EgxJkbi8stviMMXTK+/hT3ZC4ilL/QNDsakKTPjhz/6STzm5CPrrnH30OraHt1FMbZYRMFv2PGQC41pCL/3ve8t42SfagB3Gnyuy5cvj8997nPx/Oc/v75msjVYW3r2kDcuiltfbIhRrz0UQ7HYX8UWJJmKMVfchDKeewtt/cVroPTVgeFi3EVvlOjV9ZUx1D80EgPF0BsoRtfUMl9MKX11aok3tfhNWx8xrViVU8sgm1zuVyy7pcjBaVVORI9TOqXQ0allrmFCK1yf94vg5X79JKQWmtYUQ26wGLPmDh8PZGiXZCUTX4YuPsUIHy0y5PaYPnVGNab7iwE9oVRogiMoXi5WnkJLvGLWjj13GsLYXB7JAtc6T/G2edxbZH93MTTlWQzfCcW49r0KhnZv8fNzbeRFjPoddLK9pOv1ETvfw+gvV3XUhj31lJNvP4yaA7R7MdDNufWsB4O1jHk7s11lTjAv+EiiU1XgGfQF905fubfgKC/vCo8US9gia6G28KnIDQvQJUz2jEzzLX7hg3efVXeCFYxiJPeWOUatV69ZXef+4lvnSDvuXvcZKXSXZJUmR6otdHSVdvZbzWvW3FrrPbR6RXT3dcfKvillnhwtesLi6FvRV3g2Ie7ouj56BidE7+1d9WOYw9MLXaVKU/v85JKPY64rc35XDJQ5o39wSl1YWDFsQbW7zDMDpdzJ0d/tJ+wmRl/Xuli3ZlX09I71kYaGhoYdHc0AfoDB0M2JtvPe5NpXlJv5xbDab7/948ADD4w9Fi6sH24ySU4sk9J+++5bDNN5dQKn0FmBBhPp2E+5WOGvXuU6ZhCb+Lyfu+eeC4tSQQ0ok22ZLO0e+3ryEQ86tBjVR8SDTzo2Dli0Z0wpZc2ZNakY2/NjYPJAmXSH6+7ciYcvipP22a2Ed8XcMlkeeuwJ8ehiTBy6967hs5OTZ0+OPQ/YJw468rg48YRj4lEPPSJOPOW4+uXnCeu6YuEu/cXtXYzoA+PkQw6K3YsRe8SJRxcDa5/YpRhW6jStGCp+imLm1OmVZob1nkVZnViUA8eZd5+/WzGC9q3vAe+5y9RYuGDX2LXkM3vWzPrO1aQSj1FPMUnD1w4Co86707PnzI6pU6bErHn7x0GHHR3rFi2I7v33jJ6Fe8Y+RxwaUxcuiiP3OiAedMwJ8eDjTo6DD90/+otRP2Ph/Jhw8AGxx957xcGHlbTzdo0ZRSmZWQy63XYthta8uTFn7txYcPzRcUwx4o566ClxRDHe9ps+M3YthqvjbsuKAVrjzJ8fRxx5ZN2BX7psWexT2vS0004rxuWUSu+y4mcHeGDSxKIorYlJhSd28ilijtOVhq47wiuWL41bb78lrrr6qli5emUsLAasY8G+DHrHnbfVn9HYc/fd46rzfhKLlyyLiVNnxfJly+Okhzwy5jhm3d9bDN/pMWva9Jg5eWIsmDcn5s8qNBQFafEdd8ayJUti5h7zY1ExWGesHImL77w+hpaviJvOvzi+/73T48Y7bos5hZ8TF8yOo/bYPw6ZMjvOOf+cOOui82L9HUvizit+E7OKkvW4Ux4aS266OX52+g/iy5/8TFzx84vi2l9dEv2rhuLUI4+NXXpLH7tzRczpHognnnhMsVfXxbVLbo5fr1oZpz7xtML7yXHmr8+LS1esiV333yP67rw4Tj/z+7FycF70TuuNb//w9PjKzy+Ja+9cHr/+2SVFmRyJhz9oUeyz+4JYdsfN8cMzfhCX3uDDZLfFdTfcHE889djST/qKYVFfhiwKXlE8i7LZDOAdE+MN4Pe///137QCTkRLP4ukAAP/0SURBVFzCSQy/sf685z2vLhJuDVYVsc7wdQqE62LNMtyUycIsxboWM6oaO36+p16LQdXV1Tcm07kS37cCutFfnruKkdTDuJNdMT7r7myRdRYPu4aHom9KkfGjY+9urlu/uNS9GG/dE4txNvadCHxYP3xHPfmxfmUxeodKRqNLCxVTYt3qdbGiGGe+oN/VNzZ3FJMz1gyvi9EidxhvgwODpULFrmKcoaf8N1rmCDC31KttXug0gDfcsgXrtTim8miZG7qL3BteX+R1X6F7Ql8MFyvZrwZY9CsmZr2S/0MjQ7HWzmuRXfWnlLr7Y/W6kbp7vHzl2roYuHyZ60AJF0fa7ugpea4vjbC+WPVE6FpfB+zT9t11B/jOxXcWI3l9XVCux+ALXWRu6TzVAPdzRAxTC6s2RPsK3502Wl/m7G5Ga0lTVw2KGy1ixOsp+lqxvkvckhsjGd+FlRrhhV1gZfk2B1iAVkbJts4Dq5eN/QzSJCfECpOHRpZUA7irngbqibXdg/X1mAk9K6JveX/0FJ6snbQ0JhWDdeJSH6ocjNUDw2WOWRKzJs4o+kXRNYrhXL+LsW5NaYex9+HXlb7GAO4t8zp+OYLumxz9PSOlKSwMlLo1NDQ07AToKgpDEcMNvysMd+gM4DG97rqOa6H031jDUTLqdUOk8XE8Mxp6qCQjZYYuE3UUBcl13QS706Nx54Sxn0OYPbS0vmfcu25JXD1xzxp1UbePeJVSRlbWNIu751b/6etvrtfFvfPCd74WDq6O25f5SYaIqUUZvOmWW6Jn3vQ62U6sql1RLIrzcaK1y1fGmjVrx75aPTgp/FSEL6iidQXyhtbH7KKg6al+F9dCAuVgclGAKB51h6UUPlSUmLGFgOJHiSjPFhrWj66ru3/LSq2HuicV+tbF4OSiGAyPxsTutbF2/ZriVsekSaX8rsEYLnkNry1KRgnvQ0jfSN3JHhlAVFcsK+WvLAZb35qJRXHuielFmfB7l/XL21PXlVKKAj5MkSplFgPXToFdiSuvvLJ+pMw7aKmIX3PNNfWL0uLakfIl0nVDRckpvFi+fEmp67qYPm1q4dNwfVfLR7/sOEycOiNmTJsRyws/lpR4K4oyK+3Q9VdV5XmX+YviV7+6KI5+8MNjxdrhWFOUwb7+nqL8rYk1q5bHtKlTYt70McX55htviuuvvy5GFsyKhXMXxNxbVsfXbrio7pTOunVd/TmNA449ImbOmBbfuPWqmF+M7sd07Rqf//zn4+ybr4qnPOKRMa9/UunLXbH/oQfGLbfeHj/84Q/jez85M2bOmhkTC13z5y+Ixz3+8aW0rvq+90ipz56+9Fp8rr/uhvjMeZfFo057aEzrXxOf/sxn4psX3hyHH35Y7HnL2YVvV8QBp70kDj549/j6N74e37puZcyePTt6l6yLBx1+aDztqAWxz56L4sqLfxFf/vKX47p1jgJ6D31G/MnzHlNPCvSvW1p3svomz6x9emyvpmFHg3HGoBjb5e+Oo446Kh72sIfF29/+9rsMYzD+fKX9RS96Ue0zPhhUjZgtxOpSHtTfh9W7usY+flhHeTGMHAH2Xqn9VX/e8R+TAORckWNFftgb3OBR4KvBJSYDsNTHR5lKhjW4E+vWrIzenmnF8ItYsf726tc9OqsY9+vKeO1n0xXcWlwpZWhOfbUiepcX2T9FEbGuGHG9xSAaYrwX3hRpWX/rlwxVj8GuIgeLFduL3mIj+spxTFor00LthgXZkTGj7i5rt1xK9Iph54kLSC3oLXNDT5FDq1cP13f67TyvWTNa/Ip/kaMM2y7fMpg0sci+lbU9J5X5wDwxUoz29euL7BvwUbtinpcsly5ZFnPmTCvyGnssFtZiNvDwbtiJthPrJM7MGTPGFhGKv+9sjH2DQPl3G3/500HreopxW/6sZwytKXwpc0K3xZIiv/Sl0WKIDo+Weae79C0GdN3FLZELcesnmGXLXFvKsgPMwJ1g4a3k67fqJxRD3Y41o33tqrFffMg2HolVtXz5wrrwfjaer42etcXY7+2Odd0rK209a0uZJe/hYsTi10CZx6l1d3VnbVZoqN8MUe9SxIbmKXRagLnrqaGhoWGnQTOAf8fYHAN4vCGcSsbGsOlGNbmXiddugJiM2TJJru0v03WZEId6BkvZozGl/lJ+CS+T6h0D02qeU4thNpb7svK/99J2qVF6u68tfiWbIR/wipjSVwze0blVySoFFe2iKD29pdzyN7aXEEWpGFNCOitiRR2oWBQMVzTNKLO5cnTX2mXL5F6/hF2SUhSFDdm5KDeOffFjNNrd6BtcWZWfaT27RPfaYvQVLWntumX1NyrXTlhdPx61ZGRFPd43tYvx3xUThybRW6O7NND6iepLjVxTd2lHR4si0zMh5vU5Sl6yWzPGka5iKK/qsrswFDMn71qNb8b64OBgpQuxlCQr8Y5c8qN81NyFy6M8r1i1JAYn2QleW+NOHBjjealV3TVZxfieVBTYEveWO5ZWxWnylOmxZMnS2HXapFizvCjFEyfHjTfeELsuXBSriwGM8/UDLYXnPYU/vt7dRxcrOdcv5BY67+xZV9qxN6YV5fnmoVXVkJhWlHPsHp3UF4MTB+LiZbcV9g3Eft2T4/prro8V69bEot0XhC+Tj5b69kyeFOuLobluZLgo4cWgnz65tFNPNT4Y+bfdfEf09/TVnZC+ogD2TCmKZOmLX7vy5li4cI+YNmFlrBpeFZcv6S+K6dQ44NYL48Ybro+e3Y+PuXOmxOVXXxbnrOmPwcmTY1HflJi9y+TYZeXNMXXK1BhasTiuuOLy+OXtPfXkxJrR/nj0YbtXvk4cXl5fI+ifskt9Ht3U4GnYbmG8OeKaBvBxxx1Xf2f87/7u72p/ZiAYd/rjFVdcES9/+cvjS1/6Ul2YEr6lUB6MdavyXzH8jGUGkLFbRliVM+KNeKe0jIkxo7cnhovh6LlIFYnrmGS7MBrrbnDJZ4NYLDKBYexY8Nju3lAZf73dftO1K1aNLo7+3mJEjU4scaQr3mXsdvcUWV0Msu4106p/dN1R/GaWgHK/IeN1pcChIh/WjJARI/W0ER51Fwu1385zuXaV6cCi4oQpDCr/xiysLgupkGOqXMakWZHNGyYtcwX0sHhLMuwq2de4pUpjxlq5HxrCx7Hf7R4lgNFf6KzycwOxY4sMJah41Q89FkNzg/gkEhsaGhoaGu4VzQD+HSMN4Jy3Xe+6H9cym2MAbwojRcnxFU8/qj+mMawqGslIrOktBmNRrkZ6i8FWfKesKfHclC6yZOLYO3KDRRni1RWO0RUDdYMB3Nd9XfEtN+sXljzK3eqrixG3ZwyvKorg0NLomTYlVhQDiyJDmRK3b3TsXat6hK7QURXGojgyeH3PWsZDgsrttKIsjmFDpcsFHbBq9dqoH5Aqhp2AYuqVPIoBPLSu0DISA8VKXb28GJKzd4uVRYlyNHzVktXFaOyv79qNlvDhYiDjb9ekaXUnYmlPdyxeubpuks+c4BhhMW6X3VF3aRdvoPXy1Wvq7xCvL9qbHaRj5s6MfUvZdhqXjHjXrBiQ0xi6EcuWLY+JxYDkR8nr7e2JNT5y1W+3isK3QYksWD20pu4A++JpVVyLIug3oevmTV9/rFi6NKbNnF01yNtvXVwN7ImTB+OWmx1T3qWWj69r162t75fVr4MXIuw01F2ukg8FUx3A7oQ4q/rHFPOZ63tLOxTFvBgTI4VGSu+qQt7kktfKfosO3TF1xfpYt3ZdPS7fXfrTBF/jxkCNT7PVPuV5qBjffQPF8FhX2tXuSWmjntJxfbW7f7A3Vg7dWQ34ny7xLtpA9IzcGjOLMX/N6knFMBiJhwzcHsMrlxfjfI+YOKnQOrwmLplQeFqKmVP+Gyh8m7bq1vqbo5NKsSOFV2ddvTLm+63Noa7Yd3J3/Q3gaRNKPQoP+ybPKgr3cCExt4oadiQMl76q76dBevzxx8cjH/nIePOb31zHiX5uDOj/l112WbzqVa+qx6CNk/w+A5BT6XKcbGqHeMxAG5NJotdrfU7/sb3f+hHDMi6MIZLKn6TKGPv73xh77vQtkTPz+t9dDw0NDQ0NDQ33Efc8ozds86D6FFWqunvDWKwxN1SafWVXMQBG7XgUZwehuNXFuF1VlMexfVfOkSxn02bUL0RWNzwh+orrib5iyPTFxKJncsPdfkN2ffQXA9ZP8azoWlF3O1euXRK3r741RnvWxIRinBTTqr6/W2zMWgG/mzhcDDbvWxXbsRiaGwylEpc9288V49Z7Vb7AWY1UriSHMR4U8gvdjrD5rUk7BHYwGJyDRbHtXVOMo6FJMbS+JxaPTIi1pdcPdQ/EmhFKqHflBkpNB6NvXbkvfvV43IRSr8n90T0JD7qjf9JA7DZnbuy3196xT3G77bZb7LXffnHAoYfEQYcfGgv32qt+EIXizZi1w1l3MQpt3seyG02BHi51Y/yC3SoGen69OtHTVYzkks+qVauLce/I8pp6DFxaxwynTp1ZaPIeWnf0FkOu7sQUg7B+qXqoZNDt4yvdVamvBmkxhEfXriq8LPxfvza61q4ufqtK+sJwBnapH070FUO8p2SwZmRt9Bbjtr8Y/Y6jT5oyKaZPnRLdpdFm9fTHLF9XHeyPSTOnFKO8O4ZGh2Pp6MpY3r0ubh9ZGTeuWRy3Dq+IlYWslQMR1y1fEjeuXRqr+kodBorxW/y4Fd6Du+3OiFtui92Kwb9P4fV+k2fGnJgQ+wz0xN7FQO66c2n0rVoXu6wejmmFtjmjE2LXUqWpq0dKFdYWvo7GxJ7RWL9qaSxfelupReHz+nUxta8rpkwk3kZj9coVtcPkzhEjqJPfDTsOjDmvHViouv322+Pmm2+uX3i+4447Noy1se8wpDFbP2RUnhnNafDC2AmS9f/Lb1OoBmxx9Z3fOiLzOvZnp7eMmugrY7OvyFT3E8offz8x5Pjz3Sbx3X93S7pEeWZh3+U/PryhoaGhoaHh3jCmBTT8zpCqzP9SaYq+xSXGP9+NLVF+vIs2GsW2KXfS6wLFFUPGV0DH/L1l6q+EF3+fMk0l7m7dS5jrGGFjylp5GrvUI8JDQ17MKg8+tlGMLsdkHXutH93oK0pg/9jXP+susIxLUX7SiIHoq6N9jNpqnEEphyJq649Rt+Hgguz9xBCjEw2OPHufmJHjeByjZ+3UdTEyu9DQs7YYuAzxYtxOKsZf17pY37+6GGWrYnX/slg84Y5YMbI4RnuHYrBkPH2oK+YtH4mBtcMxeWik0NUdfX09MaW3P6aUOswr1Vsw1Bv7DfXHvsV43qXE93XOnkkTY+r0YhwOjH1Rc10x7genTKsfsFmzrtBSyi+lR19RvovlXnjWHWtL/tql1CyWrFgbK1cVQ7p3MKZOmRGTp8yKGTPnxeSps2N0iJpc0pXryJqRmDZ5egz0TIyhlcMxYaSn5FOCSibDw2PsGinl+Y3hgUJ7DNsJHio88Q5iMUYLj9atHDv+zlgu5maJ60vi5a7QpV2qK7xY79RAaYO+0k592qTEs9jQVfL3btvqtXbWfLxtUvQUg+LOJYtj6eplsXZ4belTw4XfA7VH3bF0adx8y62l/SfUr4pPnDcvJvQPlJ6lLUdj1dDqanCsKca+A6GjjnR6p60MAPXBr8kl8vRiIO9aDPPeYgCvWLkmbr19cdx26+JitPTEYKGru7R971Bp32Lw+ODaSMmtu9cudVep093v+jXsWLAD7DiznxhzKsPH9fQnrxwwaO3y5o6uK//cNWb0iuuau8TphDc0NDQ0NDTsGBizLRq2LzAEuLsv/w86d3y5aj1scEOj3bGqGryM22IcdE2Ike6+WBX9saq7P9aVbmGXeH3XQAkrxlUxShkQRU1kP9XN4e5iaPT4SYViaPU6Sl3y9WdHrhQY3YO9sa5vOHqnD0Tf7MmxsnddibS+Gl6+2uzLmXaI67Hc3rGvm0q3gaSaX/2Ji2K0rV23qjyO7VaWAmJ0eKgeSc66O0J8F0pix2xrHvW/iNW9xRieXPz7IiYN2KUpNPeOxtq1K2P10IoYHl0boxNKxfpHCy2IKDwrmQ+tWhMDhT6/s+knO8Cx4jV2T0vps6ZOiimT+uoHarxPOzhxsH6MJIrhNTTkJytqkvpOIrDb/dSGuqGsr0RAiw/O2CEeVqcSxxebp03uL8bkWJn528+Vr8XYj2LQ2r0dKYq73+dFbO5WDfQX85jNaIu9/PM11+grHv2TijE5MUb7C40Dg/Xel1Z90bSrlO+LoAN9g9X1TSjGav2N5JKu0N5d3EDvQP24ylhXskM/5kYn9xb7tC9mDU6LiaV/cLN6J8Xes3aNuf1TYvaESbFw6sy6czyt8GbXYnAsnDu7HueePWtayb/QMnNu7D5lIByy36V3VsljYiwqNupu+DRtzxidtU/0zhwsdShxSz7zCg179ozG7ELM7iXezGkLYo/dD4oFexxW+DAY++06N/oLb6YMFYO/GMBT7YRHX3T1eldSexYebOgbDTsWGLPGgmP9DFknNRi5DF+7wozZhHh2gP1kmnTZJ/RvYZ1OXg0NDQ0NDQ07BpoB/DsGlatTFR9/3/k8HhvMonuBWJ2uGGIlVx9Fuit3il9xjs0Kuztf/qWLsLc2+FTUZB3pK+xMFkNuww/+9xXjmbI5UIyvyX1+bqcYVSXAe52O/HpP1Tu6jGEGnLCacENBVQktea0fKgroumLcIWKDdWyn2k6zI9FQKS/3nv0W40DfxGIEFlPMUeDRnhjomhq9o5PDQecp3b0xUOLZc5xWjML+CVOKPTlYFOSZMXnyvGJ0Ti45+mmM0Zg0tRhNtoKLMenjXKOjE6K3GHTTJ0yMmcWtv+OOiDtvj+4Vd0TPqqX1eOVITzHqJs0p+RZulHK4gXLP9ZZ6zttlRt1R9TMod4d3x+SBYmSWq+Ph0wZKOYWKDO8qCerygjr3TRijpcTpKUajiKPs22mF1onlcUJJU+L22ObGF8Y3o3xCuRYjtv6uh+PTPmzT2ze2+8ooKHzr9VEqYXhdLfPSpj091VDuLa5+wXQDSuhY65c44gpLPzuu9SM65Vp7RblmWE3zAMGuHSPGlWP05PFWyN29ZszsuNDmadhaeMqvO2vzTuMXhDseXRd0ShzpGMLGsSvXaQQ3NDQ0NDQ07Bgo2mvD7xKdhsF442CDLfi/wAhKxyxKNx53h2xwG3Z8uSnFoJpbDC2/VWkHscYoz3NHB2Jh15SYMTorpo/OrL8/yB5ilA0WJZGzSzo6IF1/McTsFJayJhVjMXYv4XvUrwsrfdLo/OjvnliM0mLUjQ7GYNfM0tkmVWOz1y5j/+ToqVuVPV5lLdeSJ1fK8sd46i8G2ZSBwZg+OLUaYn4rctSx21JGTzEWK88KTY7tyqI+V1cMoDTkiuvvnuz/+sadN2aF+IXkicUA7O3pL2X5OaUSPmGgXIWOGWzKuCvjCjvL3WOGXXGTipLN+T1Jx7op0dVA31jDNTwgYPB2OsaudnBl/HYawGn8NgN4x4Xd3Msvv7y+B7xkyZK7+gRj1kew6hjdAAax49JOZdgdtmvM0K0Ld2VM5/vB0jCSuYaGhoaGhobtH3drAw2/ExR77/9xnfDYafRWuBa34XIvyFh3O6dji+l5t9cGeAe0qHvFTGRQFqOhI2xc1IYCyjPn/dmJEydWZRmaovzbxXgjmMGSbnxYw46NSy+9ND75yU/GF77whfj+979fDVvvA3cuerg3Rhm8ixcvjosvvjh+8YtfxJlnnhnnnXde/X1g6XJnmEHMiG79p6GhoaGhYcdAM4AbGrYQzbDadtDZFuPbJJ87DeOGHRN+2/drX/ta/Wmjs88+ux5znjNnTl2cyqPMDFs7wq4Wry655JIa96Mf/Wh885vfvMsAFieN5YaGhoaGhoYdB00TbGho2K7RafR2OoZLGi/p1wzgHRu++vzYxz42TjzxxHr98z//89hnn33qcWY7uXZ99QOG8J577hkvf/nLY/78+fUY9C9/+ct6hHrBggXVaNZ30mDOa0NDQ0NDQ8P2j66RkfzEbENDw+ZgvIGV6LxveOBxT/y2e5dh4+M0Y2bHhHZ2pPncc8+tBu6iRYvq8eWZM2fWNheex5m5devWxXXXXRff+9734le/+lWccMIJ8fCHP7wa0sLEZThn2oaGhoaGhobtH20rpKFhC+GIJNd5tLIpyb994PvGXGdbjA9r2DGhbRm98+bNix/84Afxk5/8pPrZ2WXI+jDWqlWrqjN2HZn+0pe+FBdddFGcfPLJcdxxx8WMGTPqKQH9J69tXDc0NDQ0NOw4aAZwQ8MWgkKdXxp2347WNjT8bsGwNR4POeSQegLg29/+dv3AlXs7unZ2fQ2aUew93wsuuKDu8r70pS+tBrDj0Lnj23lcvr0L3NDQ0NDQsOOgaewNDVuItjPU0LBtwe8Agx3gZz/72XU3+JxzzombbrqpGsf5U0fiXXPNNXH77bfXuFOnTq2GsfHM0E0DOMEAbmhoaGhoaNgx0N4BbmhoaGjYIeBjVozc/B1f7/X6KjTj9xGPeEQcfPDB1di9/vrr48c//nEsXLgw9t9///o1aMZvnurIo89pBDOa06+hoaGhoaFh+0YzgBsaGhoadgg45gyONQ8NDdWrnzjyni9j147w3Llz47bbbqth3vn1gSw7vOIzcPm7djo7wq4NDQ0NDQ0N2z+aAdzQ0NDQsEOgc6c2DVZ+t9xyS/z617+u7wQzcI8++ug4/vjjY9q0aXXX1+8F3xOa4dvQ0NDQ0LBjoRnADQ0NDQ07BOzkMnghP0xn99bR6GXLlsWKFSti8uTJMXv27Brm69Cujks3Q7ehoaGhoWHnQDOAGxoaGhp2CDjG3GkAcwxbRnCGecc3jzkzmDvRjOCGhoaGhoYdH+0r0A0NDQ0NOwQYtvmzZJ3GrHvHnBnC3hNm+OZ7va5+E9i1oaGhoaGhYcdH2wFuaGhoaNgh0Gn0MmjT0HXMmUvYCeYYzPzTEG5oaGhoaGjY8dEM4IaGhoaGHQppCNvZ5TzbGU5Dl/HLOO40fscbyQ0NDQ0NDQ07Jtps39DQ0NCwQ2DNmjX1iHPu5qYhnGD4CssvP7sXXzoGcUNDQ0NDQ8OOj7YD3NDQ0NCwQ8CXnmFwcLAauYza3AH2zAB2P/7Yc+d9Q0NDQ0NDw46NZgA3NDQ0NDQ0NDQ0NDQ07BRoR6AbGhoaGhoaGhoaGhoadgo0A7ihoaGhoaGhoaGhoaFhp0AzgBsaGhoaGhoaGhoaGhp2CjQDuKGhoaGhoaGhoaGhoWGnQDOAGxoaGhoaGhoaGhoaGnYKNAO4oaGhoaGhoaGhoaGhYadAM4AbGhoaGhoaGhoaGhoadgo0A7ihoaGhoaGhoaGhoaFhp0AzgBsaGhoaGhoaGhoaGhp2CjQDuKGhoaGhoaGhoaGhoWGnQDOAf4cYHR2trqGhoaGhoaGhoaGhoeGBR9fIyMgDZoGVvKuB19PTU5/d8+vq6oru7jHb2zPn+S6/9etL5IieCT01DLq7e2L98HB95l+fSzxx5b9+pKQp6O3ri+ESj8uylQeZF7+kSR7idvqlUZrpoPN+c9CZV2ce/JXNL+vd0NDQ0NDQ0NDQ0NDQ8MDhAbW8GHjr1q2rVwZfujRE0yD0zP+u5/UjY8ZuuUaxz0fZ6BvSMoyLyVj8RmK45L1u7doaVzzxh4aGaj69vb3RV4zhCRMm3GUEMzT5eU46+PX399fntSWv9Ms0nvnL9/5G1rehoaGhoaGhoaGhoaHhgccDugPcubvKqEwjdPzubDVsC4RJUw3f4idMnHpfwsSrhuiG+OJ2l/CeDelKgujqGSunM8+aRwFjtsYryHBIupKee0JnmvsKabisf4IfevhtqsyGhoaGhoaGhoaGhoaG+wcPmAGchiajkqHXaQQK44S58rdTK95dBnMUI7Y8M3ClsQssDwbw6OhIPeoM0pZqlHyGx8rs7qp5pVHZaVwmHZ1hnpO2sbzG4nGdfuJsCTJ/6KQlsTG/hoaGhoaGhoaGhoaGhvsfD5gBnMeJ83hxGpsMWEalI8rCxWPwDgwMxJo1a6oBPLHc93Rt2NUt6ClxHXcWV9q+kqer48/yqMZwybuYt3cZzGlYKlM+aVg7As1POlf58M946c+B8HRbYqxmWXkP8sk8If0bGhrG0DlWEp1+7jvHuDGW4yqfM4x/5xjvTCc+P9eMIzxlhvt8jSLTJIR7xUNZ5AoH4nDSkHfikHeepUlaxU96ybaVK1fW58HBwRpfOk48cnRjyLIg69XQ0NDQ0NDQ0HDPeECPQEMqexxlkKKX7+cyeD1T7iZOnFjvxZk4MDG6ilJXjdaifE4o8SmkQyWcgsgA9t7vmtWra/79JW0poZi/o9HbP6aEdiKVRDRIn36QSuOmlMjO9JsL6dCYDlLZ3phS3bDjorOdx/c7uKf+lX3PGHCv36QfdKbjr5+JC8ZZ9j3xOPfGmXHIuIOM09knM66rPutqTEornrwZaMatfDzzT8PNopb4q8s4Nb49Z96cPJNe8dAsD37SyJNsEC6uOGjorH8nTRnfs/KzHPH5dxq16YTxg+QFf2XKU5qUV+454Z3xMi9OHvw4ebtKk/S755/04kvm61keWR/3ynaVD0jrOZH8A2XcEzrTNDQ0NDQ0NDTszHjADODly5fHb37zm7j11lur8jhjxozYZZddqqPE3XnnnTU8dzgognPmzIkpU6ZEd1d33HbLLXHddddVpZmSN3/BgphdwtcXxXDxnYvj5ptvjuH1wzV8+rTpMWPWzDHDeGR9LFu2rOY7adKkmDx5ci0vleFOBZPiSOlUfiqP/KRNpVVYpt8SpIKaSi7Il2IrX9jSvLd1JL/HI+s7Pizju3L4hHec+850GS/bDTI843aGZz6dPM8w/cGzsGz3jJdGkH7mnrGn7E6jaMWKFTVs6tSp9cp4cy+fNA7lt2rVqtq3GGP6pbjKlZ98+HtOOvl30i0tl4Zk1tM146qLe/FcjQF+XMZTlnTqAPyyXH5J08YgH0BPJ48yvywr+7eywJW/OiZfQLykQx55FbeTLjwEabPeWQ9XcbnxNOVzxsl8QD4gf/E7w6Xjj07xtLXnpKezjhlXWLa/NpJGPHmIo+7aJRcEPPPPOPLIeK4gDO2e0ec+y+KHXv7A756QcRoaGhoaGhoadnY8YAbwL3/5y3j/+98fP/7xj6sxcNhhh8XDHvaweMQjHlGV8vPPPz++/vWvV6Utd3ue/OQnxxFHHBFD64biB9/7Xnzh858vyuBArFy1soY99nGPiyWLl8Tp3/1ufPf071bDY+bMmbHnnnvGQ0veh5YybrjxhvhuCT/zzDNrvgcddFCcdNJJcfjhh8f06dNj8eLFccUVV8Sll15aDWVpH/SgB8Wuu+5alcTbbrutGtfypogyyufNm1cNFuEUWEouJRTE4fjJj6OkelanWbNm1bRLliyJa6+99i7Fee7cubH77rvXfBx9vP766+Omm26qaRctWhR77bVXzR9/lHnVVVfVPNCLnxTsVIbVSVqLB+qYiwwg3E47utAvXBg/ir22YJhx0qNZeUlnPovrnhMmXwp+Qhy0SpNl4qH4ylNOGgQWR5YuXVrpEcYYEK4MbYZW/EsDA/8cC2UkCM+j8vKbNm1a5T9eoEGY++SNdNInlMkpQ7hylcFPGvSqRxpo0qe/OMrl0CpdGh3u5actxa8LOSUOvnpWx+Qbp278XcVBt3ttm+WBOikXlKUc+WY93PPnMm72R37u1UWe+JVxxVMeepWPR+JmPcTJew7t4sqDy7aRr7JcAT/dS6MO8pY26ciFAfmDtGn88ecAfcrxLKyTFhgfV5n6Bj80ZFzPykreGDfZDtnWkPTzy7TCOp+ldxVX/YVn2cmPjKvcDOPcyyvzEBcd6FLPLCfLTJrVSRpxMjyhDPlkWdzGsKmwhoaGMeR4Hg/+48PuKR4Ic2+8jo+X+bjmuHWf/ukyfboMN945GC+zPKcMIltSfkorjDzxTAZ25g/8M660+Zz0gDCOfycyr/H+DQ0NDdsyHjADmJH5vve9Lz7xiU/cZYg+97nPjRe96EVVGf7GN74RH/jAB6qwvf3222PBggXxf/7P/4kTTzyxvtv7Xx/7ePzTP/1TFe6Mg9e8+jXxile8ohqoH/yPD8ZXvvyVavxOnjJmHD3hCU+IZzzzmXHJZZfGpz/96fjWt75VDUM7z09/+tNrueLbVf7v//7v+MEPflANsT322CNe/epXxwknnBBXXnll/Ou//mt88pOfrJMFMJ7/8i//Mk455ZRqtP/93/99Na7le+CBB8ZLX/rSeNSjHlUNVPX56le/WicEE47wV73qVbVOP/rRj+Jd73pXNQjQ8fjHPz5e+MIXVsWZMf6pT30qzjjjjJr2Oc95TrzsZS+rEwreXHDBBfGd73yn8vGQQw6J/fffP0499dRK3w033FB5+ZOf/KTmdfLJJ8cLXvCCymM77PigXnbcTVJHHXVUPPrRj671kydDkKGKfnQ95SlPqXVG5w9/+MPKJ/fz58+Ppz3tadUANyFefPHF8aEPfaga7ni42267xfHHH1+d9vra175W04PFhWeWtjn44IMr/9XTwoh8GeTqZHGEcfTTn/40Lrrooso/9FoMsGiif9x4441xzjnnxOWXX175Il8LG9Krz3nnnVf7HaPKYoE6H3300fHEJz6xTvq/+MUv4uc//3mt769//eu6sKG+Fht+9atf1ba75ppratnawaLNH/7hH1Y60Pz973+/Lo4w2ITh83777Rd33HFHpeub3/xmXHbZZbVttK38v/e978XnPve5yhP0Wvg49thjaxx04Me5555badWn8AEvKTLqK780ttRxn332qW1hwUO7ok2YcaT9Dj300BrfYgs+gTC8Va5+gXfSWjxAu3KOPPLIygd5aRf1lA+6slzjTPgtt9xS/bSdelG0LLrwc8/PuM1FmlTQUpkST9+WfypNwtOQ1s+NTeWpkzh4bjzjmXjKnj17ds0Pr4RL454BzB+teeXkk/eceK7Klg6fkl51ED+PKKdSmPm5z37imkZsgp96ylc9E9InlJt5ZL7i8uc8S8+555QL7hMZtilkuoadD519I/vfeL/sQ+5zPCQyLPu88aefdvZLzhghXzrjZx8Xn9/4587yMg2Iwz/HTuYJORYhZQZZI4+sn7QcGIf8yRULk+4740ovDqBfOmFZX+VxaMm0wpKmpEWcpEUe7iHLcRUnn8kL951xM29+WV9wL64wV8/yEp/LPITlMyT9/NMgdj8eWZcEfmT+6EzZlmVknTMdJ25DQ0PD9oKet7zlLX+14f5+BWGbApeiSrlmjDAKCUuKNyFLmRfOcDruuOOq0muiqTsfJd5+xdizK3zSg0+Ovffeq74PLEwejA/5MUb223e/WLD7gvoesHwp9wxFijujj/FlckOPY9kmTunlfcABB1RFF+TL2Hrwgx9cDVd02SG2QyZMneTNWLG7K187uXbHrr766ruMeXV9yEMeUg1r9WGYCZcHpX7fffetxiSaGDMXXnhhpUme6GLUicvYsJvO0DXB8BOHYSg+pV84Q9auqh1rfBTPYoEwhoPJTN2lwzMTGYNeuYxBBjCDAK+UL2/hp59+ejWQpFUnRpy8GbD/+Z//WWnPHWi8xg/8Z5AzGLWz+PjIUJbXl770pWqIqg9ji7Gx99571zZgcDOC0c64xh9GHQPOs1MDwi+55JLaD/Qd7cwA4s/oFsbA0xZoSn5YSEAXXuKLvmbBgPHGWETv2WefXeuCLnVmkJr8LVJIi8doQ+tjH/vY2g+U9e1vf7vyEi+0j3bXztr9C1/4QqWJUcnQ1oeOOeaYmgej3EkJadEvDP+VL89/+7d/qwscDGw04wMj2sLG29/+9rrY8z//8z+Vb4xVafU3izQf+9jHquGuHYXpx+qM9x/5yEcqLcLUW121rXA0S2vRRtny0q/wWR3+67/+qzo0WCxCu3L1KX3CQo9FJmVYFMj+qj2ksTCmbngK+p17iybKE2ZxhrGrz1C40CRv+eGZ9jR+9CFjRB+Whz6S/VXboFdftahiUUDbGcsUYfRqa4sM+oS04jOutY0xw99CEv7lqQVplQ8UTf1Dn9cH8Z6feK76Nn91UR7kAoFw9HvmtL0+LSyVbTRkGZmnsvQP+XpWVy5pGg/puJ0BeKCuee0EXmUbZFhnvE7+4TsnDG9BWnlw4pKRmWen8i+Mky5pyXI7/aTNe1f5aVNt7T5ldpbbmT4dCEt/9+YE/UMf0mezD2Z5nDz5J52e9Sthnf1TmGuGiSdv4Zz06AQ044M+7Jr0CPec/ITMS/6JpE9ZFjCNGeHGRabrLC9p4LI8YeZCPJA/2SIcL3JBLvMGeStDOAeeOXmpC//x5aRDj3qLL2/3GY/jn9esQ/I1/eTBJY8zL85z5tUZN9OmS4gn/2zv9Ms8+XlWN+1Ib9He/Dvr5x5vOv2ybC7zyjKSnoaGhoYHEuTP/SVrHtCvQFMc7RQSpJRnhiKBKozwJYRVxqRhoqJ8Q3+Jv3L5imqo+k3gSZPHjrH2bZigTOoMK78NzECSrm9CbwxOmRyr1qyu4SYT5cqbwsoYIbQJapMaGoTnxMgfhElLAU7hjjZp0SueOpg0TLTieZZOPJCnPNRNuHvOZMPxY0TnxJLHo5UnDwaZ3UO0m8jVNcvDB4YKQ0gdgNIurnzU1YIAWpVJ4e+c4BgFyQth6JFWuDwZlOjjJ4yioD7ip2GAbkYHQ4OBKQ4DheFvQQNfGYLyVz/GgxMA6qYOjAr1kl9OsGjCL4aoPqN8aS1O2J10r10ZbPJWN4YVAwkN6ogmRpC80axv6HdplNvdteOqrsrQbx760IdWXqPRIgBjVn0YRvJ5wxveUGljWDPK1EFcBmGGMZwYbQxFeTC4hakfw5RBqC+jR7+3w/6mN72p5mGB4d///d9r/8ELO9LPeMYzarsyXhmFwuSlbCcR7OQyWhm/6g14bmHDSQcGMnrtPDM68VefeP3rX1/DGNP/8R//UdtCn8Fzhr6TEHbUhb/jHe+oYdpYu/zJn/xJvOQlL6n8QS+69Q/h+PtXf/VXtf2FMXLRq/3tZr/1rW+tdWakfvjDH66nQrSHRQ98cDJEmR//+MeroaqdOSch/vRP/7S25VlnnRV//ud/XmnV7tLYndcvGdsWVfQLY1kfdVrhec97XuXD3/7t39a6aGf9CY/U07iyQ28BAS+0jzqopwU7C1YMfAsn2Z/04yc96Un1akGCka8/aCN0aT99Sv/xKoY+4964sGDyyEc+svYvix4/+9nPav/RrhYnnvWsZ1WjXj0Y+RZc5K3NTzvttEoDmrUB3mpzaXMcqDeZoK+lHBNO7oqrjtqLf45LdbIYhw793WKAPMTR7uSFMSQ9maKvG0PanqyxYKbfKgeP0aaPyx+92pis005clq1PkjfK4DJM+7mSs9LzF9eY5ec5/dURTcrnl3JMnVzRDO6FGSvS4RM5yj/TuwqTFsTlhx7hSaM06M84wkEc9IgjHD/4QaZNl/Rm3ZUjDRrdk0s5H/GXJpFpOHxxxS91dS9d0pj8EsYveZ9tCa7o1pbioC3jSosfSZv8PbtHv7jSi59twunfxr900sgfLe7xK9Nw2WezvsBfPvzQqp6ZRvny4cRBCzrc63fKFSZP5aOL01b6LN4m3SCOZ2Uljfwgy0k/ZUDSip7MJ+nCN/lxWQ/0S+MZsn+L31ku+qRDY9Y3046nKenJe1fozE96V8/ySWR86ZXjGY8yXcZJdNYz+1LWBTrLbGho2HJsbPx1jiv3OX6NuU5kvJQbnXEzLMdpyjLhnX7uU1bIhx+ZlOn5dT5DJ633hkw3vn7ky8bKBv4ZX1yOX9INm0NDJx4wA5gCSyn9x3/8xzopvfGNb4zHPe5xNSwFvcmws7FUWEW6CkXd5bp+uCgco2XSG5hYv/i8thi3A+W+t39sRdhRaWkmlQnD7wRH4UER+f9r8sjJmuA2KQrL3VxxOOH8xTWR8cPchOdUCFLpoeB4lm9CHEqktCZ2YcpJxYuSAfySFnnlpMmfQ4P4ygX3wl3ly19aPHCvnu6lTYWgs4NkXPGUK41yxXUvnjRJQ9KGDn5JA+Qzmjl8cJWXiTvzx1N+yqUQUXb5p6IgnjjyE0f+ygTpMl/+yY+sJyeOfMTJtupsO/H1M2WkQiG9cOkp6+JQzvEChGkrtDFCtCXjAI2eKXL6DkNC+cKUJZ38OWHyYGwl/9HBkHDP6EAz41d+/NAHylUWetAmHlrln8/ip7HBCEKPfLIODC1xGDqMGbz3zJ+xgh/qZaEgDTdGC/qMT4YQf0YfflmYscDiFQNGn/gWIRiH6GJgS8OwY+xaCLHDrEwGHjngNQA74njI4GQY4onx4ai/BQOGLYPeAoI0FisYk//f//f/VR4o821ve9tdCxe+CeCVCEqvo+sMcvzxLD1j8vd///frAoRXGNDJ+GfMvfjFL64nPHI32+sH+GRsMZDf8pa31EUVBq5XHixEZDuoB6Ncev4Mf22h3fHwL/7iL6rxjW+MZwsV6qn/O23gVQB1ZfjjB0Pc6QAG7F//9V/XnXI76u985zvrggqaLHhYRMBfNP3d3/1dvVoY0sbKffe7313rhj///M//XNsXTfkKh/6oTRnsjGj9Bk8tpqFFvbTbP/zDP9S2EW486TcWEvR1bW4X3iKFNkfz6173utoe+or2xk91l96pgJe//OXVqNeuFji0q3zxxGsCFk+UhzZx8Elb6M9O0FgMxA8LJOqZ5eqLOSa0Nx4qF70We+SjzfAAT9RZn9Su6EGfcvR97Wc8k894qi7ytqCGXn1KOyhf+6BNmRYDjCfjnVOmNlKOPKQnA8QhZ4TLV1ny5K9s1zxZQwYkLeomfcpcZfATHz0gP3GUJ0x9PUsvnj7LJZJnyjAvp580KX8zHVo4ZaV8kRYd+CeOfJSd5cuHjFB+jhnP8hTmKg0Iz3RZx+QBkHOdkE4e4qM151N+0ilLfuKRccBfHwLh6spPHHVyjw7P+qS80cjPPX9locU1+Y4H6BRP28o7y+eX7Yw2SLr0ffnwF1/5SQM+CVdG0pl8SfDrrEeWK708XT0rQ1qu08+9+iWdWbarcPHcZ16dZfDLfrAxiNvQsCUY33f0vU4IT7/sk/qje/1Wf+b4G2c5hrMPJzrzSHTGcZVv3ueYMY48Z7hrys18VjYaMl5n+Zx4OZYg00KmJ1fIgPQH5cgXyCT3/MRTV8i6S8ePLEO7K3/phHkG6fknXUmjfFLmSI8esk9cdeHXKcPFzzq6dublnowk1wC90ipbvuRc0ic/6TPcdWPIcsajsy6bgwfsCLQKOk765S9/uSpfdk3sRGQlCdJsBH4YgHj3OQmNjIwZfqrr3u/9+tKzn0YqEWvc6mqJY0x3RDo7CxqUkROBe3GEa8js3Bx/jeE+G6jmV9KJjx4NSNnLTpSNrw4cZCOI76pewqTJDpGdyLP88yqesEyXtOFV5p9heJQdRRglEj2c8KxL5okuThpxsrysm3yzPHF0Wn6ZvzyyzMxfHllfvBEnlYIcxOKhXz7JS3lwBoD08hcXhIP4SYs4nuXPD7JceXPyFhcyj6TLs/jSiucqTSppyWvpDfbkSRqxwqT3rD7ypIhTYrMu0oknLeM2y1E3ZcnHPcVRHO2l/u6Tbnkrhx+a8FJ/4ycOhVUaeSuPQk75ck+BRlPSa1eQAcJQYBjZ2VQneaGHoUCZF+64vZ06dEuLRkYGo4cTnqc31B0fcmedweCIOiUT/cqVxm60ncvHPOYxdx1VVi6a+DFuyQR0qJu6MNa8G8+AZKQ6Np/thhfS25m1w+oIOd6ok3KVIYyR4RSDVxsYO/JGtzD0MnAXLlxYy5VO3tKilRHIIHXUX99QHr6hyw65PMVTtvqIg1fKFM8rE0996lNrOnTbKWWIOvHgWfnyRxPjicEmnHGmjGc/+9mVJsa699kZX+qHdrRpfwYbuWqXF8/UTVt5rx8/8sg3Y1U52lVatDK4GamMLu1oZ9oV3ei3Q//FL36xGnfi61fCtTV+Wdz47Gc/W41VfVnfs3ihvuSlXXrpHa1Xtj6prfAHLxjfdrbBM2NR/8tFDEa8Ew8WSPAH3cpnOFuI8PqDBQ0ni9ArPYPPKwYWBdCG19pYH1U/aSweyB9teK590WQR4c1vfnM9km+xAV+UqW74awEXTegRV37Sakvv7TvJoM54yvHHj+TFe97znrtOhaAHveSq9nMCwCsGeCmdNlYu+p1IsBihfG2C99peXS26OG0iHZrknXLBvby1vdMD+oExrq4MQjQ5EYF/5IRxQqbLlzxSP/cW1ow39OjnIIxBb3FMHOMG8qoPC+PEzXkSL/Qn/UH/E6ZPoyllHxrQjyZ+rvq1a847YMFCf0h/QCNa0aRM/srM8uUvb/E49EoPyhKfrM0FCWlTTkrrKp083EvjKg0/fV+enrnkl3vx0ADiKEu95Ms/65p0Kbez7CxLOs/iZV5Zj6QF8Cbz5LIMccVzzy/TyTMd8BcHjdKA56RLuLbI8jOOvLIODXcDX/Akr53gB53+/Drjjk83Pix5vrF4iU7/ToizsTxcsz9AjjNtL27ns/scN9JIn9fx40HcpCuvSZs02a+SJvlnXonO+Jm3+MYsGcBfOmH6MEiTDoSJD/ykA/5Zx0TepyxSlnpk3sAfpM/NLzzJMow3+QjHp6QD7Z1puRx3rp6VJa16ZT6QY9gzmZh5iq8MV/kL95xh0EmDPNzLX9z0z/t8Ro84IN9MA5lfOnniU9ZXfPSSTa6QPMz2y3qJLz1/4J/hXPKDH5f0QcbJtPcVD9gOsIaxs/Jnf/ZnVemjoDjmp+LZeDo9gj1n46mY+/7e0uCFyYxdu7ujo2VQlLjrpVtjch4T3Mlg8XS6FavGdi/klQyRv7iUD34mLWkwUFkmT+GU92SqZ/foTYZzGlYHrzSWRlWWuhpIlEaTIogLyoOso7ggrvzFk1a4spIm6TIP5bgXxxVtSZ8wNMlDneQhvXtxEngtbU7k8s+6ZXmQndaz8pQhH3H4Z1g+Zxy8RQd+iC9MHPSNR9KPRuWnk2+2m+fMA+3yca8sZXLKE6ezjYTfE7JOmb/7LDfvs37oy3wz7fhy8gp57fRruHckP8e7bCPtoU+A8W3saSv9WP+BbFMO7zMOJVjf0W/E5UfRBzJAG2fewjwbR9nOnvU7z/Kk3DMKGRxoyfgU+xT4DE5+KSco/56VR+l3Vaeky7hheDFmGUmexZO/cHTxs7iBJoYZQ1Qa8sozOhiaaJWOUe0EgDiMHLvV8uFn11d8vGFgq4+dVkYW44vBhnZlocnCB4PSvfB8/14eDGeLAXirrnb3P//5z1dDSbmMRcfu5cVw94FBu7EWJvDAUXR54A9DlSEqnnZ8+MMfftdHED/zmc/Ev/zLv9R6o1eaP/iDP6iLEsq16+yDfOpnIcFJAYsyDDkGteP+7vEGvU4jmYvQwrBmMDLWnZBwrF4b2aX3/r1dfO3BeLWok68rKBNNeJXGlsUP85wFDDvlTgeop/nP7r420iZ4ZFdeH9Cu0tlJ13/wltGNh4xf/cnRf6czLArgCcMbX5xoUA956yvyZPSqB+iveMEotzAiHcNdezCM8cE8hIfmaicw5GMxy2sA6BIXL9SH4ayenPbRr8h7JwIc9deO2aedGsjTDfqFcWDuU5bj/HihTzLYvdevP+GxtrVQlP1N+ykfnfqFvmohShnyZdAbN2i2YGb3H8+VZyHBYoz2zEUx4eqEt+Z9ectLHhbkkh/6hr5osUy98FD7kC/6kjrjg/jGoSuZJE90q0/KDvJC+fLVB407cfEKbcqQFzq0cb62Ik/8tdAkvjzVSzje6TvyFledpCcP9CuLkPIG5eA9+tEkXBq0qY+04nD6s6s+nbpC+qNdPvzRlnNytqs6yE9aYUkTmpUpDE3qgxZ5WjjBX21rnMk385EWP8Vzr3/gR2c6+XC5WCcd4BWaxFWePNGKbyBetof06oQf6ES3Z/fqhs8gvTKVJSznG5CvvJTLX57ykw8akh6QP1rlI718pRVPmHR46OqZf2dbgfLkmXGEeXYvLOPKO+lEk3YHYek6eeJZPu6Vm/0E5KUO4miHpEG+rniFL/o6ZF6dZYJ07uWnnOSzdsr6cMrCo+zfIL48k8d5r3+Ig6/8kzbOvfaHbEP++ppnyLLEVe/sv+Khib9yPMtfmLRclpf3mS7TJv82hqyXvOkm8kFHgj/+oB+NntEtnbg5BvJePLzwzIkvXB5g/KU/Xnbyk38Cz4V10udZHH545Fnd9N00/nNhU3nKkjd6xDMWQHpO+nyGzvKVJw9+6uRZPpkvSJ90JrKv3Vc8YAYwpdCk+jd/8zdVwLuavLKTuKpUCiaV4LLTrB8ai+c938KhagwPc4Xx4vcXJozWRitG2YRitKwfiaH1Q7hS85RXCg4Ok5UHWZbnbAyMzo4gTBmYyWW4/JL52WgaRMdMBVVaV/lkftlISYd8OPXL+uu8Bl3SIQwyH+nlk/RBXuWZ9GT5rhk38+SfNHD8QbyE+JlvJzLPhob7G9mvsl92Ov3W2CA8jQl+2UdzbOjHxqFxRHEA4Zk+85I++7y4BGqOQeHCXIUZn8o10Yvjnj86jEPPlDOKeo5LfkkjmZByCA058SQ9WaY8+Se9XJV/JZ6JRd7SZpj4/LLeyhGP0sEv5Yo4/NURjcIoGcpN5a5zMhEX76RXFwqmsDw+qlx5oI1Cy7hiyIorTN0p3xR4z2gwGTJE5c0xUKVjbMgHzeKJr26MQ/koh1GB7qyjdGijHEjHXzr5uDIqGP4MdgaUusmH4Wfn086zejOCzEPykZ/dVDut0vkyu+PmZLn6M1SdYFKPPDrtaL187d4yjuWBdvx2eoHhJ60d2I997GM13MkKu/sMRnCc27vw+IgvjD7GqDoxxu0cqwuDk9HtyL2daYaV7wmgF9+1pZ1whjZD6OMf/3h9/16bU0i0nV8mMP/iobp+9rOfrUYpA9TCAD7hbRrWaJCXbxi88pWvrOUwmhnXjEm8xx919QsIwtXl//7f/3tXWny26+6dd7vn8mZMCjfHee3BF/T1L98pyEUDBrPvEDghYtwxjvO4fyrVDPPnP//5lW58UgdGrfZj+HvdwlhSnnf/8VgYg18bOsFht/69731v7RtOIuj3Fk68vmAhyE66OqHdiRW04AejUntZZLBYYPxT2pXP+Ja/4/pOG2h3YZk3p03QlR/4oyPp4xY/XBnV+cFE/VO/8tqEttL3jA9pv/KVr1Q++nUL9dEe6uk1EOmNBWPASRrheKVfWBAwVuTt5I5fr1CucWmRST9QJ4amxSVp8cg3FiwI4IOx4MQJXrsa8xbF8ExfoJxbHMEr5aqTficf/MBPv+pgfKNTX1a+cWz8cXiGDvlqAzJB3zG2LGApU12ESyeufJ2CUS/50j2dojAGvJ5j0QXP8F+ZFj7kYzFD2/nGhTK0q3z1N22NBxaC9Cmvm+hz0ni2aOY1HFd9yiKedpAPOvLUEMNGuH5D3hm3xry6kCXoNbbUA9QJTcatsey0B14qE014q778yFs81jc850kk+ZIh8lVvbQfSiSNfC4rS66vGojAnUfQP+Tltoy30Q3VSF31NfbSZPoxW/Vp9s8/qB/xAu2trcgFv9D99CK36m/6iD4IypJNv0kuWpIyXt3opHx/kg59Jo37CiS9/+ZHL+ObeVXxxyUP0Kks++MFf20iT8ZUnz7x3VV7Sga7UCfhlWv6eMz/PylaOdkYjXnbmy6kX2qXDR37S4Ac6tCV/ZYiDBhAun04eJB/Qp24cSJt80Pbu0dgJZUibPEEHP/HknzTqN8pVP3GUCcKFZT5JL/BTrrhZrnLEU3/pQBrh8lWGcNdcAHDPZbniZx3vKx6wI9CINbkQOAQfQU5gZuMh1DUr5wqVycKLXT521Ll4brC7ShPWNBP6ihApHSGPO1cjucQRH5PFAde8B2Wky+eM415eHGbqFMlUfq7ZuJD58NPBxiPzyzy4BP/OTifMs2vSlMjn9MtyuUSnX6fL/GBjeSTyebx/J+7Jv6Fha5F9K/tf9lXjI8cKEJopK4STFQSvqzgEp2eTAj/xxJdHZzr55KRP4OZYTKGa5XvONEmLe37gXlplknfiG++ec+IWVxkmWnHkYRIDzyb8nDykl19nmcLQykCQZ9aNn4lIHUx+4qNdfHkkneKm3FIe/7wXP2lUtvLQ6mqSpyBIz49cTf5II3x8GSZ0yhVjw9VEZfJWX3lSFLk0otAuT3WRn/pRlnJilb/6SC+MMquuyqTA4Im0yjHHMKyl56dceXh2zJphSzF3nF9ZeMTZ3abgUnQpnKl4qTvjkzLJUKBA222VpzCGkqPhjGl52yGkIKIFPxgR4jN6GQuMMIqeMl0ZKJR96SmP/NRT3mmo2ZH0qoB5U7n4QvllhDP0vENtZ5jiiqfKseuOLkq/HXb1o+Dhnzan9IvLiNRGeIxeShm+yh+/5KUOytQGlH68obQzxvHF7rT+oE/qi+rLSW++1x7y1vbqpJ74T7mnaGsHDi/lyV8cfUQaTj9hYMqTvzYUX7/hhMtbnbRXnsBQV/02d1fRKb2+iZf6K77iD54pX1pl6j+gLcVBl7y1j35nd14ZylZHDt8sdBjPFkCk1abaU5nigPT6Jpr0BfyRv2dGB30JrdK7WhRQdiq42i/LR7c2RJdnRiojTTxtqT/is2cLK5x6M7zRpFx9Q7lONFhoYDTyY1wbb3jBkGJAM2TtnKNbezDK8dgCk5MjaFM/7YUuYfLz6oFFFAs4+JHjBL1OVDDq1Vsa/R7tjsoz6L02wVhlJGb/0VcZwE4loA1N6qVc9WKMM+gZcNrCSQl81NfkawGBUcn4w0v9wmKBfp6/mkBeW6gyto1V9WIwWhixMGM8SOsnFrUN/qinsaAMadGjfzH8LKR98IMfrAYpetEpHO/x1eKV0wzCtKF20/fk5USI+uKhb0qoDz5Iy59Rnr/WQCYyvPUrJyu8aqENLKqgmxzSdmhCL/4qHx+1p76mzS3gWfTCQwuBjHfhxoi6S2dxDb/UXb76OHni9R0f0bQYY4GLEUxGGRvotMCA/xaLGNLGCTltXOCPcO2tHfU1Yxv/1cFCgpMfFiDVNeeEzkURcdSZv/GvPtrUAoW+hmZxlKtP6HvotHCFdvUDfVSfUI625sSVn7FvzKYs0Wf1y1y8khbtwN+YM0fhT8oX6fUX+adcINPQJJ504N5YMo7VSVx+mb80yueEAbrIfGXoC2jMe7Ii9QRX6SDzgJSvwvMefdJzmZf48ubIzkzvXhpyWH251DlAenVIZD5kWeafeSSN/MTJcrM8cTrL3hw8YDvAiNK5DViNYRXTKhCokIo2NDQ03BfBRZ5AxiUEyRHCXBhhT6CaAEwq5As/AteEIr57AtRkwuVkIl4K2pxUCFRCWzz5Zl5AnokvT0BTCnhlZRgFRT4mPmn5pwCnDHg2CWedXPlx7nOiSvrdg4kg42Ra+SetOYlw8sgJNZ+lBfQCPgiXvzju0SlvfpRBE3ryJNE5AblKl5BPGiHSZpyk0XPWLflqwk9akk/Ckm75oMW9dsI7+STvKR7ie3YvnfKUQ6l3FZbtlxMyGiDTqheXz/LR/iCdZ3WhEGTbZN2lAeHyAOGQz/LIePw68+TPL9OoZ4aJx3XeJ6RRP3Rk2uQhv6x7Khae5S2PTAeuSUOWA/zklX0v83X1bBwJ84zn2lH+0gnLNNpOmPbJ9MJdOW2TuoG0eJy0S0tRFkdcYZx8OG3ECZO2s69nePI46eEyHL2u6EeTctGijXM8gLRZL3RJY4wL16eSF5x42Q7CO8sXl/LLcMgwBg/5lfVl3KuzMPTYNaNMo5HBiJfylx8FnSGQ7cCA6lTi5YnvgBfu5SsvRgpDQ13wVL7SGGPyU6ek23OOGTQyGNCcxjujkZEmX8Ycw05eaLdA4oOKxiMDx44rPREddESLUWgnHxmDjGBGjjpY/HCihPHGIGN4MxTRzKBkbKJLXRireIHH/Bn7+jQ/xhM+4yMwJp1oUAYDjSFEdivHKxGMXP1AGh8JZGgqB2+dyMArJwrcM4zwBN98X8BCFN45LeI1DeHK+b3f+736QUR5MuQZoXib3w9xKoAhi38+BMkgVJ762HW2+IX+fHVEPPx2esKrJsaInW6vcWgbeaqDkyZOX2gzBjn+u7dohl4LEHjEAJaWwYufDDv5WpTzzMC1O69tlOVDik45oE+5aCar1V2bf/SjH61t7ASHdtNm+p/FLK9w+Kil7zM48WHxQhij2s68Mhm0+Kvt5CsvtKHDYp0TPn/8x39c2w0ftI+0fi3CuNA+TgXoV+wQ5Xv9xQKlBRELBeJpN3zS7hYfLdpYHLIQgI/6rbbzCxX6s8UBbYdn+r58/+iP/qj2ceNBmYxqskUcfFIfNFokkbcdfPTy09csXOp78tZXlKntjU99An3iGj/KMB6NZwti+qI0Frv0GfAsPX4Zl/qN8aGvaS/huZhn7Fk0UlfjBT/lTZYo0xytTfGJPFFnbYVGbSIdoFE8furmKj1a9UVtmOn1H3H4Jw/RBPykFRdd5Ihni1ZoQK/xJg/pjKHNwQO2A4zI7MQYb4JQCUx11SEaGhoayIpNgVAj6AhH8gOkIfAI1JQl4ohL1hDaQBCDMHKHQO0UqvKTXjgnzKTAzz0oJ+UWYQsEdMZHF+HuHj3iy5/zzLmXRlz5mKjQKC6/NIiVm2mFgauy0KAMNOQExUmXgt9VOeIk3dJkuPw5/iYNYe7RIM74iSTpQLN7aTNMWnTxh/R35eQrftIvnnL4SZt0CUu6+EHWS5g2FMYPL80r6ExkPcffKyvL4OdZXvIEfvIFccBz0pllKxMyXZYhb9fkUeaR5SdfhHGJjA+untN5lj7TdIZleF47Hb9M59pJV4apW+czdKbLsLxmePp1pumMy+ETfihDv+4sX5j24q/f53jIvDxnHHnw60wrHQXJuM72yTD++oM42U4gjrzSZR21UWf+nHtjxr144mfervo+CE+4zzop17O8s69JJx/+5InxKCzbIPsXZTzHhDSe1VPZlDxXtHGgroyOVP64LF8e/Cm2lGV0K9tVuHRJpyt/adFJgXXFC2WgV9nqKB4axfEsjTxAXdErbzuEruqQfHRvF45xxMi0+yi+/Bj2dt4ZCwwvu49Jg7IY+HZJxWFUU9ClE06RZ9QyYMShoKNXuZR9BjG9E03u8ZaMlS+jWVkWFxgU4lHs1Us+jEi0OqrNuMIPUHf02y1mqChHuKty7BQzjpzqcO+UhPaQTrlolmeehpBGWu2MHnVkjOOhcPHRJD0jXlnytJstDK+0s3zEdwrFIoG40uA9w0be8kWXPPBdm+pT6ubZDq206DW3MO7sCjPa7NTr58rAO7zkz4jCN2WhId/R1ncYdcLQ6FUIdbOwwpBVLvrxGp/Qpa21jzwZXWhiO2hfV/RYKJG3Nlam0yjaSlzGEUMz+x2+6HNOZjD47H7bXZYejfqEBRd90aJHfqcgx5rTOXimTN8hYHgzkPV7/ZFRLz7jWTi6LWYYb9oYz73Cwpi3CYgXjD48ttggrnTSK0PfxW/8kJ5h69cc0MW4Z2RbIHB6Ql9i3PqlCIsSFiuc3sAP9cZHiyq+UWFHXLi89Sv8UJ5TA3bh7ZpbkDCm8ASdTisw3C0+KdcCiYUndbPwZGcfXRZ05KE/GOP6jQUZJxacaLCAJUzfMG6dYJC3PJ2+sJACxoA2wy+LAq4WXBi7wsg1p0As2MjXM37p29qDDJSeTNtcPGA7wAYYpmtkg8oKj46KWMxWiYaGhoaUCeORfq7ipKIInlP4kTUErXjimAT5m+z4E4z5bOIUjzDnPMtTXqnUiUfxkA9kmLwz/yxbPH4mTffKSnq5RCqe/LIcILiBX5YHWZ744nhGF4WFX5bnXv3lrx6ZRl7Jj0wvXvJPenGSN53XTkjH4ZX48hIPsk4J5Y1H+knjXvzOMjL/8X6ZrvO+oeG+QJ/J68bu9TVOv8o+mX1/fF/jb9wkMk3mAZlv9vHOcZzpXY2dHD+5s50yw9Vz0mPc8vMsPr9OmuUpD4ZJjmljVJgy8jllm/hkIRnCTzzp80qZFEeZ4vNHT5aZPMj80MelTMj7zEMaEBcdyk7+ZFjyxnPyhbGSiwqZp/ToIKvFlycnT3GkTf/khfvks/yltSPFeEh01k8+7pXFgOCHBuVTtjOOPPh5Fl8c5XCMNAYIHnOU96QV8ji2MpJXaE+a0YNe+SoTsg7K4Z/1kkY+/OWTfBKefEGDMqUTjq/uk3blqas6AQNIvhZz5cnIVZZ4/IQzGOUrHX/xlMe4Shpc7ZziuTB1ZHSiTVrlZ50ZTeqKXnWRJ8NHPgxG/ZL9IExaxhGDPI0yRqr00jDklCsPBpmwNMykYUQx8JRt0UM4njgezWBXV+WyUxjPFirwjyHHYFNneTHYGZvokU56O67iytsrKhYL+DEiGaGMTvm+5jWvqenxwq69kwFOSOCR/mIxyO4+Y95uvTbAA7AQ4IOIFjjs/jJ+GaL6tHowmC0K6Yfu7brz13/w4bWvfW09dcBoVYZ28Jqqsn17Qd4WHxx9Z6hqP2m9zuLnbD07+m4xQHsxaBnUfurQrjXeMqztXOOD3X2nFdRJvo7MO1WgvRjy2lJ6r0HgvdMVjGN9DV3e6VcHcEQdP9THIowdfYa1/oWX6qIe7jcHD+hHsKxCYKqO5IiBVSCdBnNyADQ0NOzcIPzGg0BLEGri8DO5ejbx8iMAXfkDwew5hSFnsgf+qQBsLuSzMZoy7ywn47l2ItPek39DQ8P9g84xlveuxqvxZpxuTA6IQ350+qdinujMO+PJFzqfpRM3044vC4STY8LIK4q7+5RlG0sDSYMyxJWOosqfoZEyUrh80cPIsXhGueRP/0rlUXrP4nF2uuzmiZe0QebZCc+MBvVgqCTN4rqXn3BlpXGUvBdHOsAncSnKaTShi9Kd6dAoTSekF0+alL9clpE8TT64Z8hQpPnJWxzP6tJpgCaNwjvLQRN/8eWRZcrLlZHUudmD5/Kn+2ZaceXpOfMQnkZ6+oFyO+vuGT8yP3nhH3rQLhyyfHl19gn+4nHgmmnRpCzp+KkLwyzTuGb+ypSnNPjCP438hHA8FSf7ZiLTZttnmeqF//w6aRWGl+qjPOk5Ya7iyk8Z4oA08s04njnhWR8OD13TPtFeOSbkKY36uUebcPAsjTD5K8s4y7TSpT+X8gD44w1DXx5oyrzxMd/bNyYYk04K2CmXPyOXUW/n13i1AMHQdBpCXhYD7DwnL5wGYMgy+i0S+OChdmWnocuuttMQ6HHcO49Wi8vQlLe8fBDPggB+MaQtJDgqbideX8kdXjvc0jsR4dSCMDvHDGA8YxMah3bS7VTr946ko9muv7pZZPBxRTyx4+2XHywoOOHCMLaDr665aGZxZnPxgBrAPhjwlre8pVr5+bXG7MyY3tDQ0NDQ0NCwtaBQbgoZvjH9g6Kaii6FMY0Aii3FrzN+3suPo4Txky7TyEtYGlKd6fmLQ0FOxVwZnHtp3aeCnv6UTvfAEKAIZ5xUwN27csoUB1KBp4hSFOWVxpO4SQ/jK/NBR9JCwcy8lS1+8jHDleFePA4PxeOf9531TRrF9YyWfE5eJm2Uacq5q7jAcMDfpDFpSToz3yxf/tJrL8+ueOAqDG2dBileyV99peMvL0df5Su+q7RZP0Yef/HkwR8daFOOfNxzG4O48kPH+Gf5ddZLvbPcpE3Zwl3hnspJyK8zTmdakKeyOjE+TcN9Q7ZbAh/1CQ6fGaTZr4Rp1wzTD4XhuzDgrw+Avqrv5cKAsWG85Hu+8uSkyXL1RemMXfcJZUiTCxfC0MbfjjSDXBhn0avzfVxhjHMGrTIYullnfgx2NDopwUhGjyPfro54uwp3pJycYiDLT90++9nP1g+38fcLBTZU5Z2yUNrOvntf8IAZwFYw7Pp6wd25dgaw9wwMVAzdXEK3dWSnbIKhoaGhoaHht4ucg2Fj8/B4v4zvKozCmcYEw4I/pSoVSMpWpxJK4RNO0RM/jZvM130qnZxneQPFkmPYCKNMUnLFT8OOvziUO3lSIJWDBveUUrRRANPwQhMk7WjjLw/lZ7gNCruUWd+sO+WTEpuGs3yEK8+OjR2oTghHAwh3XFM+ya/MF288Q/IHfYAmZaiHOPzFT16BOMln9eDEp7xnOCgXlMGJ55q8cU3/zmcOMj10pndtaLg/kP2N0wddwdjrRMaBzv6XfR0yvbFhLGR/JjdyfLjmwg5/eWW/FmZMpeGc5RjT8iaH+JNP4nHGJ3kgP+M0y5c265A0pqzKuOK5548WcsiJgYyT6YWlPHK83Q43GuxMK8dxfHUSR1nqmQtWm4MHzAB2HtwX5mxh2wH2BTcvhkM2wI4CHUCn0GlMHBpEw1i50CE1XqdgbWhoaGhoaLj/YB5OpH6xKT3DPJ1p0jjjl3N1zuupr3TO4TnHu+ZuXcbnL648XT2nEZ2GoLhZlisFUD7CxKX4Zf7SQOaLFv7iuvJPw7ATWQZk/RL85dXQ0PDbQY5b4zXlCqOPg5RF0BnPPXmQYz/DGYkcf+M/5UEi76XJOKCcNFjdJx3kjvs0cqV3rwzxUg7x56QRT1jKEv6ZhzJAuLj8U4Zx/LJ86eQF/JXJhrRIB4xb/urIEHZSRV7u5cXwRX/W8b7iATOAEeOra86DMwB9Dt57JdlI4wXy9g51sgKa59C9NO9raDqNz7Fv7spEQ0NDQ0NDQ0NDQ8P2jTT00rBNI5AtxBBMAxSEueeEpaEIeeUnP8/ysJub4GdBLdNlXHGy3NwZFgadV068TgPYPRrBvfTylEcanuIyStk9ylVPYZy40uduMhqkzfoIc/qErcRJq14MaadixPfRMWl8CMwzB/Jgf3V+5O6+4AEzgDHMqqb3JRCVFnoyZkdEdg6N4gtnvrjGz5faLAI0NDQ0NDQ0NDQ0NOw86LR7GIPAr9Of3cSwTOMvnTgM0owD4jA4hdkhZiR6LUJ43ovDsUmUySZzzVcc2GPygDRi2SzykEbZ4qexnHS7Jt3iMuoh02S9xBOWdp9nO7s2CpXLuBXuWf34oSPrpkyQzke3Xvayl9W4NhW9O6w8tMlfHM+bgwfsDAyifCbbzyB961vfqtZ5MiEbcEeCeumE6gjuNaRG3BHr29DQ0NDQ0NDQ0NBw38HYS4OWsccIZCewI7zP6p1+V/YEgzLjMvLEd+WXccbbGPLJa+bNOGQUS+M5bRX+HD+O3SJM/p7lwc81DXIu03Hic+6ly/Ldp2GdeeUuLX8bowxa/sKlh8zfbjEI9/0BdiXe+LhXliOea5azOXjADGArDT6J7RPXPoblc9oJhO9I0HAMXZ1SQ2g8cNXhGMMNDQ0NDQ0NDQ0NDdsm6PAcvb7zmUvjs9Mv9X/G2aYg3ngH7KG0GTYWp9MpT9w0/tKPYxh6BoZlhjF4xc+wNFY9p9+9IQ3TRKcNlzRx7sdjvF/ns/uNpcFjtHWWg8d+FsoxaGWlzaVN7o3394QHzBJFmN9u8qlrv1OlkrkS4bqjQZ28qJ2dyjECXy+zgtEM4IaGhoaGhoaGhoZtF2mjMLDo8Zx7DjqNMvDMIBtvJDZsGdiONlAhec1+dO/nlrQDYz8NYHCv3TYXD5gBrEM4Z271QQfqXB3Iyu0oUC+dXx2tRBg8VlgYvs64b0nDNDQ0NDQ0NDQ0NDT8dsBeYVilUZu6PSfMO6w2tuw8JjK8YeuBr2wnBm9ulrKh7Gq//OUvj6c85Sn1d4SF89c+3hXWNpuLB8wARpTjvwxCv/WEQMSq3Ma2vLd36PzqyLj3G8gayw9E8+8cKA0NDQ0NDQ0NDQ0N2xYYv7mry7lPYwu8a5oGGvBnfOX7qg1bB/YhHuN9/pQS3rKp/vAP/zBe+9rX1veGxcnNR+2xzRnADEAvLh9xxBH1K8iseZ3L7uiOCPXzu1VWJzSMI9G+go0XDQ0NDQ0NDQ0NDQ3bJtgnjC/oPArtPncbO8NscInvtGvD1iMXFiAXHdiN+MwIXrRoUfVnY7lmnC3ZWN0qAzgLTwIAEZxO9NCHPjTe8IY3xNve9rbaOXQe/jvDSkk2okbr5E9DQ0NDQ0NDQ0NDw7aFNH6dXmXgema72HHk6PZsHEYZ3V4412m4NWw58NHGId7iuyv70Uniz372s/HjH//4rldL0zCGXJjYHNzvLYao7BRHHnlkPP3pT4+jjz66dhiVcd0ZVkpyMBhADQ0NDQ0NDQ0NDQ3bNuzusmNs2KXB64O+v/rVr+L666+vP+uaRrEwYIw13D/wAWH8xGM2FB4zgD/60Y/GV77ylbjtttvu2lxMYzgXLjYH95sBnIZvp0O4ivgatHsV4nbEryLnIEh0GsB40dDQcN8xfszk5MJ//ETj2YTVGaeNuYaGhoaGhobNAT2Cy51dx58vvPDC+NjHPha///u/X0+1fvjDH46f//zn9Zs/qZPkfcPWY++9964/nZt21ZIlS6otee2118YZZ5wR1113XTWO7fqm3vdbfwcYcZ2GXyqeCGKd/8///E/8/d//fXz84x+/6wz9jnwkOHmhfu5d1XtHrW9Dw/0B8iJX+cDVZJKCzbMjMRnPKxQpZ8gUz53xrQh25tfQ0NDQ0NCwc4NOwNHL7SLSI9KtWLGi6hDC87gz/zPPPLO6b33rW3UH2O/Qvvvd7443v/nN8aMf/ajqIDa8cjeY7uH7P3QS91muvMSln9BZHLFmDyVNDWNI/c53o2yW2oWfOXNmzJ07t/plu+Glq0UK91vCw/t9B1gH4jSs89pWTc4777x67JkfpKK6I2E883M7PhupoaFh4zBZGD8mBkeLTBp+580Y8pMD5IUJSziBaEwRkoziO++8s46vjA8mFnF3RDnT0NDQ0NDQcM9Ie2S87p1+DFa6BL2DPkFXYGilHmL38ayzzop/+7d/i3/4h3+otoyjz3/7t38b73znO+NhD3tY/PSnP41XvvKV8axnPSs+8pGP1DykZ0hzdiflKX+6ijC7lunoK/wa/jdy0cDP6OIP/vFzPfjgg+Okk06qxjCdEM+1Jdsy9b/NQVfJYIutM8R1djQOQXl/2mmnxQ9/+MM49dRT4zvf+U5NQzlVsTwivCNBI6iXhnE95ZRT6iAxGNQ5IV4OFvF2RF40NNxXdE4CJh+TBvC/9dZb6+qfCcMxGOF+ZoxAZBz7IuD8+fNrfJNMTjriwZZ8GKGhoaGhoaFh+wT7Y1NgTNEp0laxW3vzzTfH9773vfjFL35R9XPvnO6zzz6xcOHC2GuvvaouQSfZf//960K9Y7h0EjvCNvnoH36j9vDDD69HeP1UDygnF/VT1+mkb2N+OzO0DWOWnYR3ntlI/PBYW82ZM6fGTcPY16HxcXN5uFUGsMKyUB0mjTpw/5znPCfOPvvsOOGEE+pOMCNQBTp3a7YnqBvmWzlCP8bzc89f/Ri7jHx1fPCDH1wHByU+DWDxhUvryIQG5hoadlYQdHZ0jYP8QB4D1rjijB+TyX//93/H97///bjiiiti6tSpVfg94QlPiMc//vFVIFq1Zfz6/fGUTTvDB/caGhoaGhoaxjDeEPLc6UdfZ9A6QUavuPrqq6vzXu9BBx1UN69c99xzz3rs1uucn//856te/6Y3vakawfQLuosTbOeee2587Wtfq7oKw1ia5z73uVU3oeenLnNPGE/vzgx8pdtxuRmCP/jHroTcOLTZyNHzhG8uH3ve8pa3/NWG+80GJbXz3LvOoFMlofysnHhx3C4NP4Ty3x6NPvXEYHVO8OMYvnleXR01zumnn17r/IIXvKDyBH+kFy6uOM34bdjZYWxYEDI+jC1jxqTC8TdmLKS9//3vr7vBZAznXZD8JD5/v8E9Y8aMmsbYasZvQ8PdSOXAfNUJ/jm35dgZH6ehoaFhewH51SnDyLaUf650Bh9UoqM75uzdXrq447XPeMYz4hGPeEQsWLAgLrvssnqK1Uev6CCHHXZY3diia4jPyc+RXEYzw5he8rOf/Sx+/etf1w8A02vsIrumAddJX9LWZO4Y8AGvXPGXfugeX21+2HXnnxuRoD35bS4Pt2oHWKEUUbCrqRFT6cwdUV/u0lkQJr44lFyT7PaGbJg08NWHn4YARrD6C7cSxPB1jOLb3/52TJ8+/S5lPlc1HOEUX8M1NOysSKGVYyplih1dX1/0AQrv4zjm8l//9V9Vfhg3Vmx9ZO+qq66q48urFkcddVRdbLMjnPk0NOzIMCdZVDbv5IK0sZQr6OYZOxcUB/Ou0xRp6Epj3jK2+Jm3jB3pzFUNDQ0N2xvIQPJrU+7LX/5y3bUl65xSZbzSHRizjjh//etfr+/20kOcOHOi1bu/BxxwQNX5yU27j06csXXIUjKXziJfx6mlffjDH143AXfdddeq6yuPS4Mt6Uk9aGcHPuSchr94Ze7SHl/96lfrz+o+6UlPin333bfqeOY6c5w5rHNz8r5gq3aANZpGh5xQNSqCGMDC+edELK5nFdxeDWDQKOqkkdSDv2cDIo1+O1MazECxYmSQOOYpLT98SAN6S1YuGhp2FBg3ZIbxlPCer/fnTSJWaX384OUvf3k1dE0wu+22W93t9b6NuF41sOpqtdZrFiYycVM+NTTsqHBSwrxjHsl5yHgy53qmFAgzFjoXqI03c7TFa3OSOLkg2xSyhoaG7RUbk11kGgef+9zn6pFmMvAP//AP45GPfGR9b1c67/N+8pOfrL83axf3937v9+J1r3tdHHnkkdVIZnSRpWQmeZn5SsvNnj07jjjiiHqEmmz97ne/W3UW6cnpXHh07bSDmrwdAz7gi3ko5yULuJdffnl84hOfqJuK9L499tijznHiu7KnxN0cPm6VAQzZgAw6jcqZdK2gUF4ppFaVvUwubhK8PTZ2J82UCgMhV9wTjjz80z/9U33n2bsAFBG8sAtOKbf6brBYsZDeANoeedHQcH+BkMvFJGPjkksuqTu973vf++pvvpk4nv/858chhxxSjWHG7jHHHFPHnqPPJiXPFpkcWbIzLJ80AqwM5gSlHIJSWSm7Ghq2Z+jj+nf2bUjFgTMnM3hTSfCRFwrZxRdfXBU0Y8g8ZLyYxyHn8zY3NTQ0bM/Iud98T67Z+fU6FflHr3Dcmbz80pe+FB/96Eer7kE+zps3r77D+/SnP70aXPQLOkfaOfLLe3LWM3lqQZKebyf5UY96VH3+4he/WHUXm2HeK047iMyFpovcjdTP8Cc3Ut1feuml9aeo4LGPfWxtH+2hTdmc5rDN5eNWGcCIykZERHYCu5x2YV71qlfVz4dbkbZljVjhqexub8j6ZuOk0mHH95xzzqkDh/OhHqtJD3nIQ+rVQLvyyivv4pGrAWc1CK+aotGwo0P/dgKCDCDgPBNa7jmLQcZRkUd1ZdbHKLzz8Sd/8ifx1re+tb6P4ziSnyCwsPS0pz2trgoaSyYbwvDkk0+OQw89tBrQDOcLLrigClAGsgnHODNejbmUVQ0N2zuMK+PAmNLP0yA2rhzBM06MO/cf+tCH6u9X2uHIufnAAw+scaSRDxiPbU5qaGjY3kGupcFq7v/ABz5QX6lylPllL3tZ1RfIxU996lN1l9FrVAxVhvFDH/rQarDS1dNoTf0/4T6f6RXiudI9pLP5xR7ylWnHoW2EoQddXGf6hrHNRfygH+bPXLKXHIP2sTH63pOf/OT6oTFxtak5UJzN1em2ygDOwiiVjGCNjnATr23qL3zhC7XRdQIvlt9TB9pekJ017ykPDF9fiPvzP//z+q6iwUI5/4u/+Iu6cmQgqS9efPOb36xK+S233FIbj7M61JSNhh0d+jc5kTLCBEB4OR1hHPkQxR//8R/HD37wg7py6tjRn/3Zn9XxY1X1M5/5TPznf/5nXYnl550dY9DEkseQwCqtdxjtaklnJZefMQbiKpu8cm3jrmF7h3GUSgMD1jijDJhvvSZgjFHuzEmO9XkXjQJhDFAcnNC68cYba1pjx3xtbDQ0NDTsCMh5nm3iJ1mdgnniE59YDVw6gnd2yUV+doUtpls4T3lIh0+3KZ2BPi+cnuPDWuSrPByDZlzbFGMAk8+ps4B8G8ZAH8RDcxreJ/+1mR1gmyGOl9PpnO7LXXTxN5ePW70DDGkA5yRM8WQAf/CDH6yTqtXlpz71qXUlhLWeHWl7QzJaHSjeBo5PqHvXV31e8YpXxNvf/vb6NTgNI57G81ulwvHFbvBPfvKT2vmtQFnNAAoHPiY2NcgaGrY3kAM57o0DVyt8dqEYvvq+cUNJf+lLX1rHhdcnGL6MYxOJj1C84Q1viAc96EFVplDsjS+TiYnNmCEUCUjv4Dg6bQXRbrITGHaUfY1R2Z3yqqFhe4axk3NwjjFjK+dh77s5meTVAEfy7AA7kUXhM4/5sqbjZRSPVMwYz218NDQ0bI/oNC7JMI4fPcFHaX0489GPfnQ1cslBzk8q+pCme/o7GUiWSke2pv6f+W0MucBvUfFf/uVfqg7jY01OpJGzDGA6iIV4kPem8tsZYQ7KzQnzWvJov/32q5sffmuZAUwHxG9xtZU5T3ttDi+32gDOztHZkJRd77ja8dTQXla20sIAViEV3Bwif1tQD0qDowtoRCsjFpMdu+zcqdWx7fo61+/T6e95z3tq56Y0iO+aA8izHSvvE9iZ8vl1ZSjvN7/5TVXuDThx+eEftFX4hh0FJp4UVmmsGgPvfve74/zzz6/XZz/72XWSeO973xuf/vSn67s6fkbNOLO45HUCX2Mk+ORjnOSObsoe41f+4nEWn4wp49XC04knnlhXYHNsbotyqKFhc6APm39z7jFXGTvGlA+8+JDLa17zmvr8rGc9q8a1GOSdegYxhcKYspjreKCPwJirO9+dB/epEG6v48ZcS0bglSsZgmdNDjQ07DhIGdXp6AHGPwPYbqwFd5tQu+++e9UTXFMOjE/LSQ+b0hvIE/EYwN4z9toJw9rupUVGdhA9hmzNPMZfd3YwZPGCo9tpM3DvNJ+5Shg9jx+XbbK5Ot1Wb8MyEpMIE4rGp5Qi0g6MnZjTTjutGn7CTDbbKtQFfZiMkYxfK+j8c9WGcvDCF76wKhbq5INXb3vb2+qX31LB1wAGILjyp+zL90UvelHd8fIVW8ciKPsGiiMYN910U30PUlwuDeGGhu0dqTwD4W+ByXjiRy7YfXIM047vN77xjTo5eS/HO79WUMXLozBgbMgnJxxjjEA0Vu0eG7teT2AMeJeHMWwS8vqBNOI1NOwIMCYYdMaBnd6XvOQl9dSE8fCud72r/n4lP/OSd9/8JMc//uM/1t1fY4qx+7znPa/OY15VMod5Zcfc5ui0r6ubB+WnDC7nt+0JFCl0kxvqqO4Wtfltj/VpaGjYOHJMk3lpEHk275NfZIH71EHoB52bV6nLC5PelR+X+W0M9Bj6BfuHfWA3mYxJ2wgNmWfm3/C/kZsTYM7BT890OidofQSVfUR+p70FDGc83hxs9VegOxvUvc7jGYG+zOqFckYwgy87kmsSvS0Bo9GfyrHOTlH38rXdI0fJvIfo51UcIWMIU9QNHo3GdXZq/NAg8pMXf352oKwEHXfccXWg2C2njFiVsiMsnvcGcqd8W+RVQ8PmIMdA9meOwLJTZXwZT4642JHyHo5VUyuleerCmDC2wHPu3kgrjryF5xhk6Pqio92vY489tirx3sl57nOfWxezcpzKq6FhewbFwBF/r+L8x3/8Rx0XXjny0x3emdfXLS5ZZLUL7JSF71N4lcAcY47inNTyG4sWaikZ3pXz0RHzkkUoc3jOY9vjuCEzKL7kRacsoaukPGhoaNj+QZ6l3pCggxjrNp7IS6cy2SfkARkqfroEfb3TvzNsYyBPOe8C588seZ+Y7uEVFL8j7KODDO/O/JLee8t/Z4D5SzvhHX0udUDz0Rvf+MZ6nNzJQJuOKbfxTxturhzfKomvc3CgUMRmA3p2zt6uy/XXX19XRsTNiWdbRBq/SSuGYvY73vGO+nXaj3/84/Xz295TtIrOgGX8aiCdPleOIJUK4CcMkk9WLygVL37xi+sul4/+UFIoMVbfdYA2IBp2FOj3KSuAkLOr5B1d48QH4cgGuzN+Mk3c3HEyWeT4MSb5GT9cntYQ31Uexox8jDNKr8UlYxryeI382thq2BFgsccrOHZ99f83velN9YSScWQXguJgvvrrv/7rOka8m2bH15fTjSHjwDg0RozDxzzmMfXrqN7Fd4rLHG7hl9Jo7Mlje4RfZzCH00fIBDKI3MhdoIaGhh0DObcb36l3dPqZ/+kCafiSBWSb+/FpMh3bIGXGPUEewun87AKbZWRyLsxzwuSZcTP/hv+N5BngO/5bWHBKlrxmc+ElHmpL95srx7faAO5EFs4fwY5QeX/PyjNlV7hKbMuTDUbmhGjCp1R8+MMfrmEveMEL4pnPfGY91pCKeDZM8sI173XsbEBxOEq9tBTz3MWifNj9kr/3sTR85j+exw0N2yOMg87+bHz5Qq0r52vxxoNwgo1ibpKSJtOJJ8y4ynwYwBkn/Tl5ezaOpDPOCEhl8OcaGnYEWDT96le/Wk9DOMJsYdapIvOWOcUrNnYgjEE7EHY+jC27ocaFMcUYdjVenEp65CMfWRd9//Zv/7aeyJD+Rz/6UX13WDrjbXuDxWqLzOZg8oVcUF9o8qChYceBsQ2pOwD5x99Yp+fTx1MXIA8z3LUzbiLD7ousEA9SL8k0aMn7pO2+5LczQVvkxgaDl3NvMcHrOmR3p3EM9DpxuM3BVluinY2XDWpSRZAO5t7Eg3gKaKexuK0hlWWKgKuVdb8RxkBVBx/p8RMtdpdy5TyV6lQI1C3v5SEOP42lYa0KSZPvIMjXbq+yKS4UFkqM7X2N3AZHw46KHBcWnIw54yL9wfi5rxPOxiAdZzzKS/5tPDXsaLAi7sjzP//zP9c56hOf+ET96JVXAO64444a5l3eL33pS/W3+S0OGQvmHLu+lEFjxPxknJizjUGGop/1c0rJ0WgLwt6pZ1ybu7Y3qJv5nDP/qjc/rqGhYceBMW2uT10CPPOnU6Rtkv6pZ6Q82JiewG9j/htDlps2Uabz3JnHfc1vZwOeaQe6YX7rxQKvdjv00EOrHabNkrdps20u7lfJjzgNbOJk1Jl8We9JqEogNjvHtgYKAVoxUl04u72OkamHSdPkryEYx57VpbM+G6tbdnJhucPsPWCrGcrz7hWFRHnCvJul0bdVPjU0bC7uSdAba3acLCgRYp24p4no3tA53oBMMs4o+GlkNzTsKDDXMlSPP/74OpZ88fx73/teHQevfOUr62/++h6Hb3FYiDYujIN8dce8bC7L0xHGibnQRxntmPqpED8ZYrHWvGTeEmd7g69ee48Zv4B8IRfUlYzYFPBsY/Nxm6MbGrYvGPNA385xneN4S/SNTmT6XERMAzjReS/uPYXt7MAbthLZrJ3MU14//eQnPxl/9Ed/VE8s4RdZjtfspi3R7e5XA1hjIwbBoBImGdvZwN8zwrfFxqY8JBPRTgHwOXOr5CZ9O7Lq4iuzViAwHSgFWS9XeeQg45eDAuQhDiQfPPNPpaLt/Dbs6Mi+r58bRwRcjpnElowBaeRLFqVS68pfGcZmxmlo2BFgzrU7a3HWHGL313u+XkHyUTlzFkWC89vZFqjNOZ6NA+PCHJZKBD95futb36o/i+T4M2XEom9+H2N7HD/qpt7eaTa3q0MqqHiSegukf17xCk88c6k8Z3hDQ8O2D3M/GeCaY9dYvj/HsbzIiszbVXmpd+R9w8ZhjjLPaKc8MYtfnhcsWFC/bWHDZHzbcZuLrTKANXInkhgTKoPRTqbVYzucjLpUcF23xQ6QAyOB+WmUCtsSBjc0NGwcxpNxRR7k2EpBtrljrXPcuieHOHBVTuciU0PDjgJjxbFm8xX4hQFfeT7ssMOqH2WBgav/W+TlZ65mGLsfP+aMFXP7//zP/9QvmXoFyJye8+O2OHffF6iDnXKGvDoxagFfGP/ql69udS7GMf7JDeF2HOyWkynibc/8aGjYGWFs52IYmZdjOeXf1kJ+aQBn/ikj3Hci/e+vsncEkNMcnpDRyTOncC+77LL6cWWLvXhs/tKW+UrL5mKrDODsRNmI7k0miLJL+vrXvz7e/OY313db86Vmlbo/O9v9CfXopEsdTIz81bV10oaGLYMxlHICjCWOTCC4xi+m3VdkPuPHJqGZgtPVpJeLcOPHeUPD9gzjx2s65l3Qxxm85qzx0PeFM+hyPOYcnmPCcxqCrsYmP4Z0xs202xMoVX55IXez1U99sk6e8cYzpL/4Xufyk2qXXnppVcrwD1/GK7QNDQ3bNoxr49dYB2PYWE63tbqB9GQJuHbKiCYv7h0pk7UF2Ytnrl7r+YM/+IP6JX8fTRVujiOjGcCeNxdbZQCnMplwn8/C/FaTVWgTj46QnSE7x7aKHAB+EoLhrk6dCkNDQ8P9A4KOkp27Kp0wDvltakISNn5c8kt/cojwJBw9byqvhoYdAfr5fZmrci4ePyaMSePGvJ3zHqMv87wveW+LQLdvevhFigsuuKDuIjj6nIqTuqZhmzqKuD789bnPfa5+EdtPFPoZJTIFn/BwvNxqaGjYNkEGkG2dm3fkn/Ge435rdQTpOfm7kg/KhPGyYmvL2hHR2TbmIM/456fryN4f//jH8Zvf/KbyUhyncvJk0+byc6sM4GzcLLSzM/lQFIvdTyf4IX2TDZhg7MSIuy2is4MygH34A63bMs0NDRuDsdjpftcg1BIUas5HebwmYaEJjSYhzr3xRkHljMuUNVzekzUpd/LZlR/hadyCZwISDTkxcQ0NOwL05c7xlQrEpiBN5/zdCenN1bmLzOCjhNxbntsy1NNRcXLn3HPPrd/3YOBafAP+9Ba6insLcxdddFH98MoZZ5xRv/vheLn30FLukC+dfG9oaPjdwJjs1N9z99A4zbDUJYTRD3Jz7qyzzopvfvOb9WfeUj8AacUnI8iDzE96z64pR9MvZYoPNTmJk3SAY7xkC5CnjLdchENHw93tmPMP/pHJ+f0JfCWDGb3aKueldJuDrZLciExlFbKzINRHJvwO4Qc/+ME4//zz64vNKsZl/G0RnbQ5VsYAxmQNsbnMbWj4XWJb6q9osXqXC2Geb7jhhvqVWd8IIMyMPcLMBGG1z8RggiJTcgIBMsQEkxNG5/jkxJWH7xAYw4xrimqO5YyzLcuhhobNhX6d6LzfEhgf8jBeOGOFQgLb67hRHzvAvgRNDlE+HesmO8gSsseCHCPZO8J+Norx62Ng9JyHPOQhceyxx9aFtJQ//DtlU0NDw28HxrMxSE9II5NsMjbT0AVh9AHP9ArPqQdwV199dXz2s5+Nd77znfEP//AP9cN/Frw6X5OgP3DykTeZkbuT8iA7yEeygfzwqoXjul4BtcBPv9l7771j9913v+tVldR35O9Vy5SvOzu0D5fzTPIaD/E2f4oWxMl25DYXW710iYAkNInQaayEeG/G8SF+lE8dSNzsqNsqkjaKczJaJ32g0ckX15xc3XM5oDcX0mqTzDtXm/K5YcdCjkNOv01h/7tsbwKNcknQA5rIBCDgjDXXH/zgB/GhD32ovm+nn+ZkM378Zf2yH4urDFeyhzPhUFiBsW38pHBtaNiRoG8bI8bCfR3n4ufqOeRcY0x1zj051szfGW97BTljwU29GMApk5IHdmh++ctfVoU4PwBGiX3f+94Xj3zkI+8ymOUDuVvc0NDw2wdZREfgUu6lfsto4pdhTnd49cGHlBjJTqY6SmtMn3LKKXHggQfGmWeeGe94xzviX//1X+OLX/xi/QI+ozkNXzIz9RFO+fQJVzJEOcKV7RVQxq+FeJBeXjYIM754ZHDS3jD2rQZzjXbEd/zyW/c2UfFJON4JE2dreLdVVl12Ap1Ng7rXmAhkOPqIVHYI/ojVCVy3RaA1J0J16lSU1SHD7m9kQ+Jh54DKhs2BlS4x/nk8Mg95589fgLq5F96w4yH7UfYP99pcP3P9XcDqZu7Eosd4Ih9mz559l5xwJPHss8+uk88f//Efx3vf+9645ppr7qoLoJ/LSSjB4DW55M6McnyF/vDDD6+yR/kMYsdn3CdvGhq2d+T8sLnzU87XneNIPsZP53zE5RiCnJ+2NzB4KVP4xLD1QSsyg9FrF8grW//8z/9cP95pF4ge8+pXvzoe/OAHV0PZzg25Q7bgBR7ku2cNDQ2/fRiLxqDxSG7Ra43vlIXG/IUXXhif/vSn4x//8R/jYx/7WD2ibNHLYvt73vOeuPjii+PUU0+tO7Z/9md/FqeddlrVI3wF30LYJZdcUuWisshB93QpOrV4yiJDU78SnrKB0f2JT3yiHq9Go0V/ccbr+K5533D3Iive4ju9ze8Av/Wtb40nPelJ/2sHGO8757DNQc9b3vKWv9pwv0XIzpYOdAQd0WqLyeUxj3lMXQ1BrDg6go60raGzDhoAU7/xjW/Ez3/+8zjhhBPixBNPvGvX6v5EDlqTKx5RPlLhQEPSxeUgSTqh874TBn92EPWRpzJcucy7YcdC9pGEZ+1P8Gpz7rcNcsAurP5m8kEP+WCXxeqeyWLhwoX13Q4TlNcmTFDe1UN3jgfpPacMyX5sQuEISwopl4a1HZ3zzjsvDj300PpFeiu+0Pp/w46A7373u1UhOPLII6vRBvc0xo2Hzj6f9/yNKzA27Wx+5zvfqa8y2fmUnwUqPyM0Z86cu8bdlkIZ9ATly8uch4b7kic6xZeWQSsdB/LKergydFMucGAOxKejjz66HlV03NHRx69+9atVNpERdJYXvOAFdRGNLMn6dvJuW9VjGhp2BuRYdDWmOTDejX1XP5nDiP3IRz5SDWHy64lPfGL9fXRHaS2wkxG+90P/OOigg+qiudckckHeb6yTV2Qs3cG4z3L4p55uEZ6fK9g99lvsn/rUp2reL33pS6ssJT/RRz8XnwxJ2hvG5oaU54Cfnslvu+nz58+vbYFvXPI/5X6njL43bJUBnBMWIhSaBfNHlAlu0aJFcdRRR1WCsxIZd3MI/W0APZioAdJQtArEALZCxAjOlYf7E3iYTtnJU7TgISSP8ZDr5N2m+ChdCgdOZ+L4cw07HvSH8S77lKvn3zbIAzvAro43O1L47//+7/UjM3ZifNnPp+0pnC960Yviuc99bp2svDf8wx/+sBqwjGQLaXZjsu9mfVzlncqqPu6DFj/96U/r6q/JzAdsHHPK8c01NGwP6BzL5L+5gXPPALbAdPDBB9ex4d01uxM5FoDBKE4urkKeCPLsXl7GkKv0PgxDQfTuq3nb0UGnKChzWyNH5J8uaTEmO+e6e0LyIMu3WEbJJTuMca9dUWjtvAhzxSf1sdvL8BXvv//7v6ti7KvOX/va12reDGK7DIxfcohSnHxpsqKhYdsDucGlLLIjmz9ZZgHPqQ6LeN69Na6f+cxnVl3+mGOOqWOcQWUBnn7B2HUSxML5AQccUBfH7DySARbk7eI6Mi3cu6gWy8hF8kr5jFkyxzcD6Dfik2lPe9rT6qmSI4444i7ZRn65J28zbac83JmRbWmuwqc0drXRf/3Xf1WZbp7LRdDkv2eQ5r6iq3SeLd5312BJLGRHRIAGNeGaOEzEOZHoNJlucwj9bQBNOiz6dEz0ORZh9ejP//zP41WvelXt+Pc3DFowOSsfr0zalHirRAacj/ngpUYeP1A626AT/MXXFqnwu+fXOfgadjzoI/qQMQna/nc53kwMJibv2Hz5y1+On/zkJ1Vhf9nLXlb7t53g73//+3HSSSfFG97whrpbi36rqN7Fkc77NOKbuHJ8qqf+7F4d1deYYVRLY1LjR7l9/OMfXye1FJSt/zdsLyC39WN9luw2Z+j75gy7l/q/HUv92ckJx/qOP/74enzXwlHn3CxtPsuP8yw/fu4Zi+9617vq4q850NilBD71qU+tC9ricVsC5YA6Gd8WufbZZ5/6bq76dM5t46FMeoWrOtpd8UsTxrxxjXZKaRr/ruZO9FsQo9Dih1MhlFmKsV0fSirZY3eBPDIPK4NMaWho2PZAP+BSDlkEs1h+zjnnVCOJPLDL60SHMW7sG9vikxPkgxMkFvkYvo460xcsoDFWnfi02MdmITvIQuWRqXQQ/mQY2UOW/OxnP6uyl2xhtD3/+c+v8pLNkPrJPcmT1ElS9qWMLFLWf/8vBKf/hntpkh9cynNlb0/I9oHkA3nsI2VeUaEbvulNb6rzm7qR8eYwbQGbI7O3agdY4QhNh/nJbJ2Ikqtz6SgmNhOTcI2sktsa0JQdCJ2uVnNyB9iqEWbf30gFXtn5O1cGMuXAaj46DFxlZ8dIHnL3hBxU8s78XVOJgk2lb9g+od0puYS7nQ8CmiDR7tr/dwGrsH5Lk6GLNseQXvOa19RxZXJioJIPVmy9M0NumHx8tdUOlFcPrACqT04kjiOpq/qplz5tvDg2bSIyEdrFefGLXxyPe9zjqiIsDj4kWv9v2NbB4CP3yX/93FjWj40Xi6VeJbCTsd9++9X+b7769re/XReaxDeOUuZLa+zw1/f55b35IQ1tcYwdi1QWniiAFmTtjHhvX/wtHTuZFq3Guq8tyxP99IRN5ZtzmnqQFXYEzJOU24c//OFx8sknV3nCoHbUkNygjFKI6SE5v1NK8Y8y+6d/+qf1aCIekilZvrKUk/xpaGj47SL13c4xaQynLEt/Bij9wmkOtodFuqc//el10ZtuQb6Qn52yjyMTGMlOlpEhZIUTJWwXegS9hfyj+zO8nCATj5yQl9MkXpN0ms2JErvJymP80jnoL6BM8e8Jwnu6e2JkeH2MjhRDttRzeN3Y16pL7asfFKqr3dul7sWrq2tsPuCLVym/1c11e5Rd6O2ch9SBAWwB1tzmFJIj7OY1/UCcrC+M8ey+YasMYIXqkIjNzpjE+sKaF8wZcjqQDpYTNiB8W4M6QCoFBppjDBQMq0E6tgFzf4NBkLtWGtlK0hVXXFEHF4cWgzTfP/aMxnvr2NqGEaQ9KEDqR4lRr+xYDdsntKV2hByH/Fy9s6LPMhgJDMeM/dyQYyPcliLLI2iU0zne9auUAca4Z2HeJfz6179eP0ChT/vABMPXhwwIMAqveBZ4KNd2YKzkei/PQpDJzHvBJjR92AqtcUI5F1c/zr5tsjIZ/ed//mflgVXcF77whfWqnOzzSfe9jZ+Ghm0BZL2507gjz40tfdc79Qxdi0p2HcxNlDTOePILDI5HGy85p+W4lJ/xkPOwvM3jxjJQFi0YUfaMdbusxrK80wDeUqT8QAsayRXvL9sBTjrvCca5OGSaEyMUTvMihdMJLfM0ZdXrSr7saoGNccs95SlPqa9WPOc5z6lySH2cEgGvW+BZ8iPlAzoh/RsadkYwwNLgKoMwRtczNso8Wv6qf3latWLlmC1Q4o6U8DTiJhg7WyAvjPW0LXL85UkPssuiFh3n9NNPr+/vM1gPO+ywOuc77szucNrDWE5nTHOdMiZlmTIsgpEFdBPleG/YcWoyiw4unJFMdinXBzsZ3fKjZ3h9yyk193StLDOv9wb87Spx0TLBQn3h7drVXltcXfg6ZtCO0b5hh7em2VCnnrt/DhI65fv2hJyLIDcr6JTalz3p1M7DHvawOg9B1h8/YIw/9w33iwGs4FQuOZMoBdT7s1Z5vXunM5roGHu1cUv8bQ3oQz/6coKmYDAiTKp+UiU/oHN/QiNT9O0245cdLwaClWzKizDKgcGHNu6+NLJjpxQgRgHBYQAbvFAHzGZ0lIZtC4SEcaYdjaU81qj/MB4tQOVPdOjXFE3v4BIeWyoU5Q/KdJ99KMdNTljo0d/s0Hh9gCFLWFFG7dAwdNEiPYdG+fGzc8PYtcpnt9dOrh0w8sPqq/FHOfesPxunjmtSiB2VtutrsY2Sa5eZ8Yy2LKv1+YbtDcar8USeuzcGzAt2Tz/60Y9W49eikSPB5iy7thZrjQ9zhx1SyoOdDQtBdkYZy8ZCjgdjQ97mIldjkoLpRJJ3gb1LLz+Gas4hWzqWyAtyAi3GJ2WTIYs+CuumFumUqS4f/OAHK80MXjKPoqpOvjlid5eM4Bj6rvIkX5RJ1uQODrmhjj56k7IxlS9lpczY0ro2NOwIYHyNlHHrWqRF+H99HSdjRkcxiaN7gwzpK2PMtcy40TOhXMv9lsDYSz1DfmAcpn5BN/D6hxMkZIrdXq+B0C+M70yzMcg3XeYvX/KCHHDE2cew+JE3FspsTtFF6Bt+H/w//uM/ql7lFMlLXvKS+n4xA9yCnPzkja4sI909Ybjw04LBSNFpuLCQMDpSDOGx10i7Cy2MYywfLf7lv6pzyX+DJVzzVyb/TdV/W4Y6oD/1So6eZ85ji5HVjrVbsBQPOuXz5sjqrTaAEaCT5C5M+jsylTs43q2h2KpEdjRxuG0J6AM0mgQZFZR4u2kUCkw3Qd8T1L+TBzkA+GWj8PPcWXerG1bzlWPwKIcST1GhGDBmTO52vEzgic6yQFmgLPTbPSYkrJRTaAxshog8xNnW+N+weTCOcixlHyOktbnFk+c973n1qAglUT/i9IFN9eFNIQV5Clb32Y86xzVF1kdmTEzKdBToWc96Vh1DFnL05aSZk04+8idHKNoUWQorhZ5R61SEZ4tp6mNnSn9nJKuzXTCLbiYt791YsEojG22u6RoatifkWGGQmiOMKwub5iuLpU5UvO51r6s7tl/5ylfqwrMxSFGglNn5tGBEWbPIylikIBpnxpv8c16Sp7mI0evkhgVgBrTjyXlqY7wc2FzkPKVshqm5isxiiKIzV/Y3BsauD1c5okiv8O6uec6in91x8iVpVA6FlmxBK9dJu+OJ5lt5WUDID+yJk8i0DQ07Mxh+ZEO/ubs8M3aNk2XFGBwaWlfncAZydxkrHFkiYplxi9G25XNujsXULYxF+rIP8nnFw46gud7PJtJ1LH6J06kn3xPQKE/OOOfIC/qJKwPLbjA5mXoGPSTfM7Z494pXvKIa3Ycccshd3wfCJ+nJN3mSQ2RclnFPWLtmbd09HxicVI1d9NlFB3mwR3IXmCFM+8cf5Y1Uft/N5+RVbYcNz9sTsk3UIeuirtoEr33LhazO8HSwKR6Px1YZwAkFIo5Lon10ggFs0jZJOzqlU+jIOQGKtylk44FO71kaDc4lk+SXeYK4DD4dBnQ+LplIqeaklWfmm3kY7CZkxzYpGjqyCdLkq5NjvHoAGqRzlacyswHQYbVImequHHFcc0ADP6v3BpWdLzvNBrA0rvhIOTBBO/qZeSXkn3nxz3tIehgUlBhKkmdpoDNuw/aDbH/XbH/tqq9wdkvzY1FASbQjTOlzkmBLkH2rc9zks6sjzh/72MfiX/7lX+r4sWDzhCc8IR7xiEfUfs3wzn6P5hy3nsG4s7JrLDJeGet2g93r/7/4xS9q39eXyRWKOWXY8SfjTH0ZyCatlDXyyvxd876hYXsBg9SCkg+AfOhDH6qLyuZUpxycqsjF0uz/dmjtWNghZuwyCJ28sDOci6LGE2ORkQzGnjnOmGL4fvjDH64fhbHY5LdwfR1ZGcaVMZVj/r7AWM/5unMsdo5Nig3j1/xGrqScyDlZeWSDsW6xy0IX454sMNebPy2AUUrpGnXHpKTJMsz/8iIPXaURR5hdYAo1uYFHjGLlmzulkybpbGjYGTFhQm8d+wzfdRv06xVFZtxadGKG2/rhMeN3otMhJU4du8VveHioGsB153ILkOPfeEzkqx8MUbrzox/96Pq+L/3CM6B1U0BfyjBuvC5DZhn/ZAS5ZEOBPkNOCqfX2PUlh+lT0pNx5I00KXdSNyND+G0KvX0bPkhY6jxU+MsBmvhbfOjdUC9h64psqnnzK9fUpfAKPWSX53srd1sD2jl0qzu+esZncxwD2HzRqU+CuJDP9wVbZQAnwxVscgINhVjv49l5tCrrvDbjKzsXuE+C7wnyyQ7kPuO7z3JdxcnwjAto4cCAZZCKa3CIl0a1OBRqnZsR+ra3va2+1K4ODAnn+XV+7x8yLigYDEl5MSrkxVDNTp80eTYYkgYNCVkPcdJYp7DY3rf76xiFMA5f0URxMQgpO1aohClHXtrBMyhDfjoGmigtjoRwjB9+2aGS3obtD9nm2lIf0pb6tZ0bi0+MTqcutK+2JgwpvXZ+GJZbg/HjzLPJws6Uo4nKsjPjd++8h2e8oDfpQHP2X37p9E305XhxZfyagKzyUvwpqz6QZQKkDBszlGbK8DOe8Yw6RpSHH/LMMeLKNTRsCvrl+L4J46/Zl8Tll+MxZfuWQD4UOONZPmS+Pv6BD3yg7uryp+zZ8fUOq51SY57T340XC7TmLOPFvCUfJ4h85dRcwqCluMmHYSzcHM0AVJYFLLvM5grv0tn1Nb5yVwSNxrCrMu8JOcblLy7XyZvkHz9zFeXGaRFHC/O4tXITaM+FAHVx3FEdza8UIXMe2WAhjCGbx7yzbGVoI3QpE6846ckd7/lde+21dX6lXKFd+pRFnbQ3NOxsMFxXLl8RS4ue7IgzXeLf3/2e+OAHPli/k/Otb30zFi9ZvOGIdMRgmcdXlzG7fmR9fZd1S8dPyuKczz1b7PrMZz5T5ZoFPDpGfplePGN9U7IpIT4n35Tfnsk3z2QDmUcnIRPYMGQOe8Y3BehR0kqT+r9ncppMJbPUWx6u4m0KeLe62CB0qUJZDBca1g2tizuLPndzsUWWLC42Ssl3qPhrA/ShdYlNttExeZV8Zs+Ql+pBh9qekO2iPQBPIXmofcnlbGN1FCfrfm987sRWGcAIyMKy4yEmn03gdksdVTJZI1KcrOC9ESqvnLA4DOHcY4D0yRzl8e9khrJMjDqJTqiTuoec3DhxdTory3Z9nfm3ivxnf/Zn8Ud/9Ef1XUIr6+KNDfZv1fPoOqDJlsJNcUFPDqJsHDQkPamouOeHFuk8K9Pqu2OiBlrWjTPQxfNhD+Ul3zrLyc7CT53xnkJgEEqTylKmVSbXsH1Cv0ho0+xn+pGFG8ovAZ19jdJo4qDY6g9bgiwz+xC4N0YdDfLxKeW99rWvrQZpftQGUmBxaOXEld7VMxi/KUOEKVMaC06UWnEJdv3artYrX/nKegTJuLFzk+Mg8878XRsa7g055+gvrp7du+pbqRxlfzJvpOzXT/W1LYV89Xf5+eiU35L0ZVNHl+14+riKcWVcZ1zluma/R0MqbRQf85y5ym9h+11M7xEbSwxM8Zxqyh1fBqBFpLe+9a118coxM/Uxz+U8mTLA/abqij78y/joSp4lL6V3n8/mK68cmU+dgmLYyoNscPzQ4po4xr05WR2kVVf55wdr1NuJk86TLsrONuqkhU5AR7F7bEdJXuqt7EwDm6prQ8MOjzIOyD7j0Q6lBbM7br+9LsS97OUvq+PVCRLHkq+47PI45JBDY9bsXepYIwPsDm8JUsZxKecseltsJ9eM9fwlCeFkRef4vifIh8t47iudG+Ra3pN77jmy1KtXnSdh0vDFFw7Sv3MxP+2Q1HM2hqxjTyn32uuvi88X2f+5z3w2PvqfH62neb773dPjzB//uC4UznISteg7V1x+RZzxwzNq2Qv3WFjzYYCzGehk6uBUzL3xY1sDPpgH1SvtFv3LBqSrhd7xbZftvjl13ep3gE1ACk+FFvM9I5oC7IgAg44f8BcH0ZvqDGDit5JBsYXstHZdlauTZb5ZaVd0YIarXV1pTKpJozB+YOIz+XuhnWHra7mMB1+LNLB0YOf/KQGUELtqOqAdWzttVtvzQzvypFDwl0ZeaOWfAyUNcA0rjnQGisFs8sYrO15JJ387zwxYE79JPXmeje1efPfSUHLya7iMBSv90gnLNFzD9gvtDdoxBQQha2VWH2TkcvqG/mfXVBpHSHI8bQlyvGV/4wgqO8+UV2U++clPrgqosWMltHOs6oPSJl1Zj+zDxqg8c0JxD2QGuh1R9PtvdrAsrJmQTEzylV/mKZ2xJt+NyZmsR0NDJ7LvgH6rP6USlNCvjDXxhHsWxxyxNchyLWKZk7xSYGHH+/OO3Bm75LiyjCf92tjL8qVPRyZQEoxDC6eOjVk08r4r5VV9jNe/+Zu/qTu/DD7vztvdSMPRmJKPvMfPHenuCZ3jOq/i83efz2jHZ+WYB+3o2GVxtNmYF0fZ5mZKoB1aczMjlX/Shfd2f/ODYBRjDp+Eq7sysy21myskPy0S4nkuEiatwhsadmYMD5W5eGS06tG3F/325xdcUPVe3/eYMm1a3fF1StJ8z5E7Pujk6POkkmZLYewagylvjUmLYBbz6NbGqd1Yerl4OabJhU2BbOHSJpAu85eWXBLu3lU4GZX5S5dOOo6coLOgVVxh5ExnevE2iZK9j2Gdf9558T9Fh3f0nE2AnzNnzYwVxWa4887FRbZPjz2LjCTrzjnnZ9E/ceAuO8uirFM8votALvIn37YnZFskP9lKfvLu93//96t9Y8HF/KZeOQeo+721+3jcLwZwEouAfDYZMd40huMDwrITuIpzb8Sy9hlwOnd2HisbjgTLwxEpeWS5roxO7+16zwmjciLUOR2hZLjK06qv/JRhYsXgF7/4xfEXf/EX8exnP7syWBz1wmSTM2elye6wAaJ+Vs11MqvRDGOGNMNT+SZtRi0lhQGLDunQwah1jFO5FA4TNLoMGvXS6J4dfXN1zIPynwqXK4if/ARXA84OsDg6P5rVBTrjNmy/0I6Eg37fKcAZgyYgfdEYpOwyTo0LC1Lclirq8u/sO3mvrzq2qE/ne4joQFemca+vJtIvw7mEe+NafHHcG//GoSv6UyntTJvp0k/6e5MxDQ3jQb4aWzm3pMw1l/HX97Lv6pOes79tDYxl84Xfk1SOD6x4t82CrIUe9KDFlUODstGQYwVybvAsH45RZ2HK4pFx6qgzRdJu8h/8wR/U004Wq+VlLuqsW9Y14b7zeWPI8KQFHxPCkn7OvXIscKFHXczxdjAY5uZPp7MsZju+bS4kB+Qtbl458s7uufmPDKKUm1/NifirHPwQV7locU+Z92xRQB4WjRnhye97q29Dw46M7u6x+dpHmSymX3D+BVWn3H///arftGKMCLcARad91KNOi9nz5kYf2Vj8txTGXeo6CeOT3k6PRoONIQt84mY8Y/bekGPflRsv58gK+XApL0Ac98rKE0CATjKGnTA+rvTy3xQYvn5eygetvvH1r8fFl1wcr3/d6+KZz3pmnPaYx1RD/7BDD6sfOLzxxpvi0MMOrR/NIutmFZthn333qWWhw4kZr6CyS+hkaNpeQOZy+J96H51PvRn1dFi/+c4AzvZL3BuPx2OrDeCc2LLxEcD5gIYPdvidLpOaiSgn0/vSGeyimowwQgNmWZR5Bq7J0mowBvHXGV0ZvY6NffzjH69fomY8WyWiwJhUvTugk1AqpDHZC/eRDzu+7k2c2Qho5dTNs7QM+nzX0A9wawjv2BoIDAH1tJqObvVkJKPXhOp4qiNnvtaJPn7qgUcMXzveVqEpJ1akGRcMbp9aR4OBryM4xiZP+fPnxHWMmmGtvupj17pzJTzbS9ysT8MDBzzvHKCQbQDjw+4rpNN2XOahL5gQtLXjzoSFvsDp0/qQPmbMbA30G3XIunmmuNu5ciLCziyBZdyAOGi7tzHf0PC7hn6dsp4cJ9N9fI1CQbkjXxlTZC/5n+MAsr9vKSgy5gWLtGS348jmmjTeKDHKQBs/yDKTDmFku/jGm3BjMecJ49+iKIXRKYrf+73fqwokuWHOIE+UY270TJYkUm5lfTcFcaVHC8g3x7/0WQ/3+Jzx8ds8bQecTDE/4os53QKwxWmLAfKSRh6u6DXPMZLNnRb81NvcyZhNRUp50ua8l/MmGoRbYLe7hO+5IKCMjN/QsDOijrVhp6t64uZbbokryjixqLZHGZ/k4PohC4MT4tJLLo1vf+fbsf9++5dxOreO6d7+LdM3cmyTFSkjyAd6sZMsTroZ43R5J2WMbeM0x+qm5FTKxozjmvfKEZ7ySn78UmfOcjIPsgV9/NOvE515bwpk+rq162o5F5Y5x8fF6rce5syp9V5bXH9ffzG6V8Wy5cti9wW7V/5eceWVRY4Nx+Qi/9gUbAwy1FzlZ+voY+Np2paBx+Q5l7JXPc0HdFq2ki9+k9Hqle0E94XPndgqjVSnyCtnMsnGZsA6jqmzus8GUKH7iqyc/NJYtbtlZ8uz8M5BknENTAwyKHIw6KRWjCgyVrAwFEyqjFUKB6NSvvIxsHRqKzyM0qybjijcivHLX/7yutvrx68pEGjI3TcKkvLzd8GEoUX+Gs5P1Piqp7KtcotDEXHUzWKBMhivftzfpM/IZly/5z3vqav3jOqsP9o49yZwq+UMZXXGCwIq2wXwS/7Jm0S2Y7qGrcd4Xv42+ErB9dMnxgDh52ux+hlFUL/eUuhjxk32tYR+qI/lmNHv9C39TRinvzU0bOsgn8GCkf5Lzn7ta1+rq+mMKnOHUzm+BWE+Ed94uD9gfvPaT57eMddQhswPxpcxlXI75yJKExpyPoNOWY82eZiXLA4bn3aBnXZiYFuwkp/yjFvyiREpnnJTfo2XYZ3P9wTjHh/JBfSg1XyKVunRnc/C1Q0N5j/v+NoBtzici8wW8Bi56iGvrCMjFa1OWTl9YndA/hQmirLFQLzFL9fctcEb98lDc6WP99lhVoaTV+I02bVx3SCvMD6sE+P98Fqf5K/fcTmn6AsZrl34dSLbnL/0nrksW/rsG57lm2HuHZu1Q+m5M22Wm33SteFu2MWd0Gc3tytWFB7eWIwsfOwqTVvbbXioysarrr7Krx/F4OTBOpYd6V27amyHdHOR7ZMwDo11C3Ty9pwu0Rl/a5B9JvuffLN/uk9Zwi/l8nhaNhfkJDmm/+n/c4o8m1nk3qoVK+v71iMjo/XjV/0DE6sxjBYfv/KBLIumjghzNjzMW0BeksHbE/DQ/IOvkPOXcW0eUKecD7URbGm7b9UOMKTgysZPwWLyyGPIDDuGoLhcTuD3BivvFA8runaDrczK0wTtPSHGq3y4zJvxaYdUGKOW8a2jWPmmXNhdZSD42jIm6xw5mDxnPUC+GSfDUplPJ04OgHw32A61D2o4ikV5InSt5Hi/yXEsq9Le89XZpVW+q7w1sNV5X+s0+Rvw6Peu8he/+MV6rFp+jHW71YQB/mcewiw8SKOe3h1I+tCadHf6bcw13D/IAXpPeCB4rQ9YtNH2jGALKfqLvqQ8fXlLkJOCPLIfJf0WXuwAOwlBUc3xknEbGrYHmGwpv/qvSZcB5X0qr8RYiDSWzG3mGDLcZEzWmnuMr62BudIKN4ONkWrxKuW0uSFB3qPNPEjuCzPOxE3w85zj1VyDVs8ULHmiV14UC44fJYxzn3MqeM6xLk3me0/IciwakAv4aDEc0JJzrvzFTZnk2WKynV/0Wsg179EhLOQJg5zzcj7WbpxwfLHQrZ3w1LP60QW4XDhQLuCDcvnlSSzx+Msvy9wWQdZ7D5Dugdd2gPQNekTyBG/1UfXGN3XVN/Rz93jIX1zXzn6kDc0lHD5qc4aPPKUXVx6ZNvthlpPgj9/ZL8RXbhqarhkO6OUyP/7iZJ9zn+VlWdrPvforQ/qsp7qDPoP2pBEd8s7xoi+5z3w9NxRol/IPX5YuWRqXX3F5NUKOOvrou/g5WMY1XrrS943z/oH+6B3Ysh1gZaVLKMsOJ91afzdW86QjZFx0dKbbHEjLqZM+z7DXp9Qn+4f+pn+RleBeX9K/thS+Aq1cP290QZFfV111dZz6kFNj+oyZtZxBvw/cM/bVfrvDBx9S7J9CzyVlvpi1y+z6JWzyi51hjKKbHZRfyN5eML7N3eO9TUd2n29aONrNLsOvHKPZbptT160a3TqBwgkKDE9BpCOYPHJFQ6dIYZTxEbopWF0h1K1kmMjkScDxZ0Q6BqWi8ssrp3NQxg0SZ8V1Vsao42toUq5JEdKwTYa5jmfexvw2huQFocAA8GVaChIj1CBFlzidSD5sKn/h0prYpDcZ4wtD2HFwE5NyQT7KfPGLX1yPtjGgCX/plJVxOM94qd1c8TfjwH2pc8Omoe06XSeyHR4IeDfdUX9fRVWukwMf+chH6iLK1pSpnxkvnHEl786+ZXzzN97Hl9P6U8P2AHOWecJ8Zd5huDEyvEpD9tplpGCk7NTfUwHcWhhfOa6MF1d0KCvlP3lOVptnKAHSUO7RkJA2x1vSJU0aAvKVjpEgT4Ymg8m4FQY5p+T4Tn/ovL8nmLPInY9+9KP1681+yskrUZ/61KfqgnYaKBYS/LSRI8++ev33f//38Sd/8if1Wxx/9Vd/VU9Y2Wk3lzk5pQ45j9MHEp2yJxe/+TkG6ETUn/7pn9ZTMH4+KT8K5kRMKox0BeHvete76jvYfo7p3e9+d9UbOufFbQlOwtnt8SGzv/zLv4w3v/nN9V1u73T/67/+a90Bxzu80j/wTbvqG9lnss35CedAu2sfC+y+ekv5xCf6HKd98YXTJsl/+UunbbJ/iUtnScNXHPmO76dJQ9LKoS37X/Z9Tv4Zxp++Z4NDHsZGjiPgZ1yrKzc+TPrkS2L8886O9etH6u//+m3fPfbcI0468cRqHP7qVxfVExpXXXlVfOFzn48vfuGLsXrVaoytX35ePzIaq1es3JDLliHbCrRJylttRIfXH8XJeJ33WwP92IaZ1yk5i2L6j/5H937/+99fF0eNpez7ZPWWAr96Sj7k8bxdd41bbr2ljuFSo3qMXLk3Xn99/Ng3Dm67te4GW4xQ5pFHHhGPecxj6qucFk5tfqA1F/+2N2i/nPvUwTgn/xnzXj/Fb31hfDtvbrtvlQHcOekQOjomYYJwAtNRIiszjvemkBE3hd2moNHE81VKQv2Nb3xjvOlNb6rGnXdr5alDUFLsDn/hC1+onTEFF8HvKp4OSonBSO8NZIfIuJz7rQFa1ZtxTUny8ywmJs7qNQFtMtBAGhM8c/fGCzyjAPjinve25G9g2l22uo636ue9a8YPZUaZJnhlZTnicUmHfFPh6+xQ0iSNDVuO5KVrut8GfCTCeLCTROmgZFLkKdH31tc2hRwnOW6yftDp7zq+vr+tujc0bA303+zbxo55hAFg0s0+TkGh0JO34pChuRq9NUjF31V+5hQymp/JP8dWxhHunjGR402cnF89m+s48cn9TGPcupL75i31SOM4ZZa46iZt5gf80bEp4I+FZ8oxPcCXrJ18YlA61WUuJo/8WsG//du/xTvf+c76eo+FOh+ltOtrF5eRhwcWepWPXk6d0YYuSHrQbnGcEWyeNC/aeXYqCh+kzbhZ19RNyM2/+7u/qwYw+syjyattDdpS33RKzi65xRgL7foNvuKfBQe7QNqXEQrqr/2kx1theJjtm23sWTy8wTfxKaP0GC7bQXxh+g+HDkf49SXjhD5ksd473HQ10J74LR24Jo+V5b4zf3oeOtDjmQ7nJKAFFu2rvgwS49GzvNNQVw/588u+Ig/5Zd2V456fspOW7CcNY2OewdUzoSemFll0YtEvTzjh+PjhGWfEG17/+vjTP3lT/bieXclnPftZsWjPPaO38LWnuxispb23BNqJy3aDbDdXYfoS28O9dss03NZCGcYNPYr+ZLzpE/zJCl/Pd9XX0ah891uKodLPV5Xy1HbiwMS49ppr6wKi8W3z4tJS1o/O/HEd8z5+NTI8ttmoqmhCg3rr73iUxqOw7Q3qQr4bw2QwWWUx06tH+tk9YXPbfauPQINOQYhAdkyr5XY/rba6qsRYY929Zd3ZsceDINO57PbmUTAr3hoUI+RHKdAZ8sixSY7RlwKToWwSMyGaHKTzG2K20R0xVn4KYfHdK2dLQHBbgWSQqiMDFH0Ghc5rIkBP5o8HKfiTdxuDOPIzmVDETOo6N96YCITjkTpbtTYxqK8VIHmnopS8lhd/4K9stHSGc7Cp9mm4dySvk58JfE33QMCH54wJ76BbMbNYQmkxFq3i6xNbgqxPjt+smz5E0fLVVkcXjdfs21nHzvuGBwbZz8gikx8ZCfw7eZ/tCJ3tA56FZxzPrto884eMl/c7CpIP6kvGMtbI3Sc96UlVXpKzjpwaU2kYMzpyTGwNL8xtxhBF3ikiHzDJ/Iwx950OOu83BjQb79pKPAqjvPjrJxQ29+qQZYDxa57htyVwcssJFEe5fSPDnEsPwDtHF8kiSg1DjXKZfUl55i/x7Wbgb/ZnH7vxKgeguXPeAs/S6/foZ4Tjac6RFsMpy/K3o88gJyO9DmVx2RF3/tqYMceI9iGs3GnfloBf+OdjNxR0uz/Pf/7z6zvQNg3wmsFJLnunGhiMjFGvadGD8NVGBV4yXPMotUUKr5vRL7Jv0McsrluIEJcS6p6OgzfKoYtpW3ngIV4bJxY1fNxNPPpLtqEdNTqZ/u6qv1F4tSF9LMtUP7od/Up76leMeycJ9Gdl8ku9R3+Xh/LQ6kSgcIsxDJqsExrRwLARBx3uLa4kDa4NBXWYdcWqwv9bSj/R//wMz/4HHBBHFL3WItcxxxxbDeC9yxjCe++srinjyHvDE3q3jI/KybFnHOuz2vH000+v/ZU+451/ekfnPOVeO28JpFcW6JP6mT7tK8z6rzB9X18hN9gY5JO+m4s7W4QiAv3GsvS7zB772VJj6lvF6Hvve/+9/i7wZZdfVmXSc5//vFi45x6VtzfeeEPlS85FxogxbOz5xgMZl7rA9oA03mGsH43NyWTXa17zmrqgmV+BTmS8zW33rTKAFUaI6DD5rPAkhr9OwZL3rJHApHVfiDSJmqBNRDqdfAgpRiZDN408gs9RJkyTL8FNKGp8R5t0CgLQC+I6rgnCOwpJN+T95jCvEwSlPKxGykO5eGP3jXA3+SozjY/Oht2UkJVXGrHqb8BrePUzIegMwpVnYiMUvK9mIkdPDkg8H+/SHzp5ARmnYcuBp9nGyc/x7oFAjhFKpj5HwdQHKUfeG9fuWwIKAeGkL6I9+4z+qy9SioxDBrC46p7xuC0tFzr7Z/It/R4oPm4K6mZ84wc6yCkyiuJs58oChN2tfKdTOGUzlXnjMndMpDNBZT3knTzjJ1w8ZeGhclOOJMTNRTyyzo4IBd9kSCaQe9LkmBc388/06ZSfNIifV3Hdu2Y66Lzf3pF1V188J78tPjKS+FPKLWhSMMhcc4z+Lz63NaCcM1L0FwuoDGBI/m8Nsl3Rn/1IH8h+lHOQ/sPlGN/ScvHN8T2ygAGmTH3cQrDFOMaseYw/meHjjwxe3yzwvQxKnkUA8stCA/lCH2BwSYcuadUBrcBPPT1Lw/i28/zSl760/n7ky172smqMez2IsfjMZz6zlqs8slIaSq3xgmY/QWUBEW+yjG0F2siYppzTAch2PMMfSrq+qT/ZecVf7W5n3UaAOPzNC06W0aMYgO94xzuqjkR+CWO0MrL1Q/PHH/7hH8aXvvSlusNrocaigt9jJuv+8R//sfZdhrUj53QwPKQPffnLX67GuLZh/KJNX1COHa78ZQ/GqA+RaV/tqm524+2Aoc/8YkwyhvPnIeUvzOk/my76i/rpuymLlSEtw4lBoU7ikpOO5OtX+hfa5aOt0dh5wmBnh7aLYtDazfWOr91d/Y8/nWJO0cFT1xTud4N7+3rrzyDVHeCtYGN3l3GNhrHTjNr9O9/5bh2ndH99nwGcTSVeV0mzpbILyMrsQ/q6PmqRx4IM/crCnT7DNqFrWzTRb7amTGknkMel3P7S9x5S6vXMIr8eVeTTqWVsP7YY2y8tMuzBp5wS08sYwfu6oFfGjC9AG9vGFZrN+2wk8oveMV5f2JaBj8YeuVv73QY/MsXmDhvIBiZZIs74Mbo5bbBVs6pOgkAFuie0snATIAHqmC6FgT8jUENIkxW7JxhMKkfgaVSGtIY16ak4IUkx8S5PCn/KCKFv5d7gSOUyaTJg5ZWCrXNic6/MrYFJhsC14um4tvdyvEdkFwGt2VhJjyt3b7xQ5zxaIb4B52uVOreVqXokouTx3Oc+t07uPkSkLE6b4EGmVd90IKzTacds14atQ2c/H89PPGbIaB/ojHtvyLidaVyzDfUx7auMhP6jrCwv2xnEdy9O9rONQf/Rp0B8z/omxUW+xijHL8dvCid0bSnkja40HhNoEDaeF6DcdA8Esjx8dlVX8onBa3fCiZSUW5TJt7/97VW5xCuTpbaXliImnrplm+T4zHaRd+5e8VMO+YYX7sk8/ngunTIoCdohd2DyOKS42k1cdOOreHnPucdX8bSba/LZNeMrU9iOBPzDb/XTNhQsijOFm9GbfM3TFdoOT7it6eOgTMDXzrGzNUCXPqIfaX/9gCHEcNCHGDR2EfUlfRIN2hQftkZpkh6fGLxoUB99nPGhHPQwVMxjr3/96+sHrhic3sO1m4m/dl7TyDLfUzqNK8od3igj+x+65SlvzhijKFHOGWKUQ46RS38wLo2B7OP6vV0ltJhTXX1JX7xsl20J6s+pM/6in17T6fCfvz7KQGDs0w98/fuFL3xhbX/6ijbCUwsTlGavnH3sYx+rr1tZjBHPJoLxYFHB+9nawm8y07GcOqP7vPrVr66vqjEKGAn6Hd7pR3Qz+omdaXTrbxYbtLEFCDs6/BjCDFJtyCCl2yjXApRFCnkzTvNEHL3Pgr/2Rj869Attqq8Zr9pZ3/J9FLR651xZ6uwYKyOYMUM2MvQZ3ni6Lco2/ExZk/fauTMs77m8zzRbA79Pu35kfTVsb198Z7z3A++Pt7z1r+v9WT89O57xrGfGm/7sT+P2O+8oAqAr1hdDdLRct9zKIP/YFmVsry/zYrefdJtY50LwXnLWXx21O+N3pNA4YcKWt13KFmMr+4k51dzuewa+V5DH73OsZZ/OtthSqIdyjVl5cfq7BUPO+FT/nOv1UTLO6VJ0SEu+WUD1vQMLQsbG9gTzBJljPKqjumrnHM/GKrlDtqUcTIi/OdiqEa4wDWVy0xAIQSjCGMBW3rzbYwWFMDQAcxB2Er0xyJuQ06AYohz3hKGtfhNjCigTO0XPBEdIWtm1wktYKgd9VkGE2RWxygho7aTj3mi6N5gkTDSUJsKd4a/RdNo0SpWR5aBfPVNQ3ROEpxAzIHRwu9ivfe1r67EtE3b+LIdO48MYPh7iQ0j//u//Xt173/veuz5EIsxL/Z/+9KfrZGBgE/omELxG09YK/3ur0//P3n0AalZV58Nf0/sMSEd6FREURLErdo0au9HYiMZE/SfGFixJNNHExNijicYOmigYK1hQARULKFio0gWGMrSB6e3e7/zO8ODxfky77x2Ycp47e07bde211l5r733OuyUh/dNtsz7WX/jSZIhJCx8mcR9t0Zts5H2G9G34IzxyZyAH4gsMBRBf+fqPYqYgKG55Rik4xqiVRwZRSHnurwniqLt05FlZic85o4A9l2fqIyiXEhstpJdfeFOb5Rsa3F1Ql+g++im/46rPySfjnnz6KTPGollLRhugofSC9Oior/SZ/jNZl3va637oidYGNWXTtXSM+OjjOTiXL31pktDgSe/RUeLoP+noDM4QHcIQVlZ4gy6JcSw/R4M8midOyttSoD3hafSyIsmIsOrEeDahixa2wxmH9EVkahBaSJug3waRly7wCF6Rpxl0+kZ/4ws6giHHwdcGPOwozaAwPtMHxiL5axfDxQw++nJ8lCMeR1XctD1ygc/UhwNrSzQdgP5W6dQ9+kh+4uY6usd91wm5J+BdvI6f8Tlny3jIKeeAc9SiZ9RlU4M6oV/kOI6fdmobutE16BvHzqovZ89kDicTPBdXOufsFPYKPcF+kifjH89Ig/dj8NMdHFT6jm4jE1aUOcloh4f1HQNe3j5MlkkjekW++j5b0MmTFTZ8Qh+ZcFI+R5zDzt4RLx8wUz/61U9m+daMdpsoUbZ6oom8OMjZXWBXgXprC9kF9fOzlJx3OwXIizpq46aG8LojaLMxAtxz7h7gXWHM0JAj+Skr44PyhEWNLBmPYOxox5ZYnV97bP7w69Sp+mf1fXLgqGqr4w1eNr5TDj7Aaybo2NAmk9/xjne013RFZCH9MgjSX8pGTzKJFzl9PrjFn+IYiuO5MsXR/vCrOrinbmQvkwWbE7SFD2XyUTvDZ47a6h4ZD98H6KLtG4KBvJwwmwoBhedc0BH5GAJlqjGJL6wLmM+shtVd5ymDI0GJUVoYgNNmC4yGU4hmGilacTjQFCHC2BbECH3Na17TDm6Ih6DgubwcRwvlYDZK1HYJTr9PtXM03/KWt7Szj+qojIRgXeWiq6COYXYMbuCgsDn1Bm8OFQfXqrMPirgmOHF+P/GJT7T33/3ud7df27RtiVNGoF/3utfVO9/5zjauWWF1Sl85D330Z+i2JhiUY8BLk7zA+daAtNMgb4uafsMjQDbQkHwwwGB9ZKIL8hDnyDneIifyifL2XFnOKVLK2r30CeQoPb4SZ02IckmZyiHbeFG58ha0UxzY0HatCfJktJhUwleMGJNs+OzuAFqkzY7kwqSGFRMG4GMf+9jWgWL42UJopcKABAx4u0MMoibr3v/+97ftkodteeTWhJZrdM5WPYOfwdAz78MYEH219thjj21Xl7PTRp+kXnSgCTPGXpwqjpCVNO/5eW3CRwRPOumkVl9xcpVJr5ocky/dIdANVrPxrLzxFlnfkkAe8BcaODLYfUGYntWnjG8TqcYQcdAgIOODILKItvqxK6eDQB7ywwP4wTnd4zUaTkL6Uzxt6obRQjmcEeOgsQnP2glFH9oWTS6Uh0+jr0CZ0ZOee2ZcNQlhlZDM41VOF/mgZ/CgfLQLj9Nj8tE30udaPPH1q/vi0otsE7JFDjhSnCwOenTopsjj+isyqN10cKDeaIPWjvQQA5J+suJvBYvse+a+IB9Osu3G7us//EyXsJ2UoT9tp6ZPXKOdsuhgCwz4SxqTE/gLPdGP8+xeDFj1xnt0jxVY9grbhL7h+IojTwsb8iVr6ocv8ITn8lVvdVWuupkIEC/9Lq98GFUfc87xUOodJ8EWcI6/5+zKTPIpY1ODtqg7GuQcf0dnoY+6hz9ch9+F0UJeXSg7/Cf/lNc9FwbD7bpPNneE1a/1xZ/Qptgs2tpGGrBcbcID2kL28ZGy6H4T28ZyY7rn4sbWUf4gbZZf9Ji8BOfkgHz4sCm5cp8sqBv+l0ZaPCEkLXTPNyekzvqXDsLnxgHyaWKPDIdO4IgGG9rWgRzgMIpOiNCpcITSPUIpQARWnNxbGyhbxgZmB4yv8YhA6Zkt5PBZ6TSzbDabs0GxWQ1WnnpI557VWdupsleekldnTDOIcgBlqJP2KRdThkHNtitP56SjEtanw9RRvgTdEfPLV3qDk3ZhCLMmhNRsuYkAA58JAwreUdudU/QccjOjZlc50AwAAxLD2syrAUv/CWE0bVK+tq4NoS2aSitA2r4lI30soBNe0z+cIn3EcGMIcDQYBgzQyE7SrYtG6Bl+iHIgT/hCPmivbIFyJqPylc515NR1t1zn6as7Q+pGXpTrGo8rW1r3lO2obPVyH99kkBgN5CE/RpHJJTRkXGUl6O6AOgmAZvqQU04uyR4DnxxEH0YHeD2DvsIXtkVb2dAOE1HohDes1HBm8Qud4l4+rsfBfv3rX986FQxAaWw35ER7106dxMNf+olRKD+OsgkEvCAP8U14MUCtfslfPEf52oromo61+mmbbOLKQ7nKWhu/bI7QJnTTLvKE9gwQk6zGHds10ZchIp7+xtviuz8o0n/hrbHKE9TVZIpJUCtetqySo+7P5ZBv8fDN2hw/cTM+gHR4IvXlkKCVj4fhRXxD11kpNKkNXd5BSyE8JaQf5EkOGJ8cGE51VjDJFn1DF0Zvii+d++7pR/WMntQu/acsQd+a6OFsmZAyVkonLr2ztknBuxOpf2jgPHodrU1i4Vm7P+hl2yJ95drkt0k2k2qveMUr2lVYuobTz77i4OL7AO3pr4xboQeaGsM4s5wEdFYPtgX9pi7yMnnBePUc2HPuqzcHVPniS2fXjJVgvGSiTv3zrRdwVAfPjAdkTz5snehYfYYGeJou03b5CeKos8DmEY8NpU7qi+fwh3LIwaYGfdyVi9TZ/cgemuDdtAG99FVoOBYI78k35ToqQ90Ez8cC8hk/fnVezvUxflKG9uNPUPbquGgz+rKlx1PyQj87WEwO4XM87Dl+45+wucUF5Q9CY/mGdx3RU98pUx+TGfLlORl01NfKVAfXQpfu8tBHmxu0AQ+z78gtveTVDd9VYfu4RqMuvZ1LsyEYyHpBfJ2DATElYusIneOZRnjmvmtHQUWjDNcXGF0Z6WCBEmMQmxE2Q+IjDrZciRtGirJwdN95ju5B8hsUygyDgoHa6q8tx6FHyk8d1lU2Wkkr5FpI59uCxFg2a80wtpLrdxR9sMK1c1tw88xqhtUn9bKlyDtBtnwZBAwoDHQfsbAtGjPpJ+WAvlPntG9N8BwfpL8TCCJm3tIwsg+1Fc0MpGbhGQ76iwKzjdK9GGwZbLvpcr0meJ4BzjEhaSltisM558WqiXLwu6Ac/OdcvdM3gjRrgrjJI+dRxIJJJvKuraGJgBfI7iCQB2NIfnYs+OK5QVC4O4BmoF7qlL7A3+4JkRO01yee2ZJnMNUW7+5kOx9Hk1EvTozMpJe/8tBQvuhslwtZ/sd//Mf68z//89aI5NhyXLp1iiymDgzd6GcDOEeIjuAMqY864BcrRJ57ht6eM2TpCX2MV5QxaL9uDKRvRoPIAt5mLNN/Bl0TBiZejDlW0UwSpo/RQfxBygV9Y2CXD14aS6SvOANW1PSrL2pqo91S2pI+ddSuTDzfGdQRD+EraVzjXTwnvfysqvk9fFtU8at3UJ1ro/zVB90C9wT35CNfAegUcmJXGIPUmMpxp8fQio6VJrRzTN9kvE2d0ZmDbiKHvNgNoW+t7HC21EvcyE/qsKkhPIqecfbJOOfeSq4JMU6tftQmsot+gr5hxJNl/cZR5DDTPeE9dkXGEfRHM2OYMtyTL50hn/CCsjmn6KpO6Ij2WShJWmWqkwkNtoqdc37H2ARE2iNIh5/kod/kl75WJ3VVJp1FVvWX+EmjjpFTR+nUlQ7UryYK5KHd6uae52gr/aYKddbG9JV6a1/qHfvafW0eCz6WPnkkv24d9I1z9z0fG/xep8pf3vrdGOg8fAHa2dSyxo8brN/UXRnKQ0e8mnYqA0/SQXSGsZzdjO5ZeBgEyhSUl7aSK3JoQgefhg5klzySI/HVNfLluXjqrP6bI/QtmkYfaxM6a7eJh+g8SFvDi+uLgbiUEokxlMJVyNFgZTaPc8U40zmCZyorjBZptJXLN7zhDe1WXh9m8APwZjnvDqhTBIUCJUQEw4c1zLJjXM/ES9t1qLAuhKaOobV0DF6rNAYAs+O2ZRjABcaq1XPbpK30mgW2vcvRtj6DoNlXs99WfdWVkeIjJOqan0HAfNpFsCjY9N/aoJ76Gh2kTQAMvKWh24fankB5kQ8zh/jBDJb3pBgHmTX3HF3DCxlY1gZ5o2cGaLSOAmAIUMr4RBl2RVDU+hSfUN4GfX0DKSsyua6+VT/lyMeRcpa/7bMmT0z64He8qZ7iaKeyB4G2MuboErs8nNtKSRHeHQi9Q7PQ1b0MSAw1zyhqdDOIZdue1Q5xGJVk14BOFtEzSt5zeepr6aUjk+6L5+iZ1WbGrckOcqxPxRU8dxQf1C1yjD/pCulNJKApKEt/iYe3pE152iIPdVwXr2xMqH94UL1MKuUbBs5HC20PjwMeZnjYPgrkCG/rS+1HB3QC6UYLfSaf9LsQrEsfrAvRF+E1esg4aTxw5MTgP+WTM3VYm/ML2op/xEcHdXStLPyWfkEntMNPVljxqXhrgrykk0+uk7e0xjh1tqIsiKfP1UMQN30IuXbUV9rlGj3wiVcK7HqwAul9UnIJyhUgeW1q0F51s0Ph2GOPbSc12EAmuu34QDMfwtGvZNZkuV0cdLT4Vr2NF56jC2ca7e0SIFv0F1rTscpCazQRP/olO5zoZJNCZIV8iMM+Uz+6w33jBB2lDH2GR6QzqUQv5hUX13SRXVPqZ6LDmMnpsGrL6Od0qw/+kpddMPILT2qvsQJfK1O9lWFiAPASeXCPjtXWyJz8nNN1myK0RVvR1XhgUhV98Di6O6KT/kGH6OtB+Vi+Qc5HyqpzzxLcE0YPaVcHH7dS7MRJE5p+tQJMtsc1DvDqiZbobBikzOSFZnQWnWnXSibHomvIBZqiOaAFPhoE6KdfIx9oiFftnPGKJ5/LffEEeixH99NuR/Vxf1PVX2tCaKAN6i+Qc/fYN/gaHSDtDb9JuyEYiDIKoygpN5UKsSkh221tr/HuFIcLw2hA4mCuQSAPDGgLr1nmfEWSg3d3oMuMmBcITLZ7cQ44HVEYOk5wLqwJOjVGVjobGHs+ZmHbsgHISpJ4UTriZzBwHiFwFNTRtkZboTjABjKrxAZQ9DQImUFmJMhXPtpHyCLwa4L8o3jVwbU2ph1bOtK3+hsd81EPbcezZrU4p+QhBhlEiHO9JsjHrCdeIn/KkZ8PxDB87IIgf3iCwWgiRL4mS/CMQTPOGoTH0s9rgj5UliPDwbviDClb6qzIUv5WU8zo213gS6HuMVg4WRuKyId2Unx4kSFN36Ab3urKhHYESStsDChL3gwPcqE/GFzqxADM4KUeOYL4QF+iTfqRwSJtjDZ9JB1eca1vxGUYumebpnLJMVrQAcqUv2McVXnr0+4subrgMeVzdvSpssTDp+ohb1uz8wE9/ayOcZTURxwO4d0Bdc0MsIC/0E6b8dtokf6KDMoPffWXQdh9zzeGHpM3uuq/GEC5P1qgjX7SLg6Gj2ClH7WLw4FfM7GibeqgTOnWBn2AV8JTaCI9OMoPD3l//Pjjj29lVxphbZCXOOoBkSX1Nab6oJF+sU1fnvhXXekk8UIv9ZJW8Fx9PHMd58bOMXqKruRw4Z2kS1s2RaARcATpev2APx294mThwXhO/9OdHHvBR3zoZ1uhTY6SX+01FtGrJux9J8Ukib7zOhXaGcfwpEk659LoH5Mntrm7lqcdKb4ToJ8Y7PpMHP3lHXAOL7A3fOnb2Ei32GHx3ve+t51IVV/OKaNf//pquef0EOfdzhT10u8+OmhHhjQm8dAl/EAfmOjXzuyI8x4l3Rn+d6RPGdR0pEAnosum3P+gz4zB+Ddfctd+4yRax+aku/SdMFZAG4GchBcBH4ykW/f5hqIZxZv/mzKqsZuH6THj2biaMdOWf/kO1+QpqyfUlJOyBiqzSUtXaItJIYt5+NE9fIU/LCyxcTjHeCfjYMbZ0SB0Y5vRpfrLeO6VKnY6+SJTob3+jx1Hn4V36U5tUH/6jk7YnKDu6Mw+iT0Cdv2YtP2Lv/iL9j6aZxzWTjomY8b6YvQjawOFRYkoHFReh+gcgmiwxTg6iIIST+cNYkCkUx0FUJ5yN5QAYwVMp02pE2XE2bFNkfJ1rs7qJ26YWFgXIpCUGfppJ8eXM+O+QY4BKC9x3JOmi245BMMgxlkxoBiMzBSbsTXjFSGztZwzpR/TX47rU+dAfQxiZmENsMreWoAPOCyEVv8TagM1RYUmkYuuvKARxdftPzQTJ7TzLAObY96F93EzqyIcXj/j8fSnP71d1ffbl36CQtne+7LFnQKJ80zJyjOypH9dq69yxVE/wblZeeXZWk8x2y3AAbNV1nultrUxqBks3nfV9/KUFyNNvrlWB+fyVSdt1H5H9XJPvdBJe91j8Eln8KckI3Og3tKibZdmYw11Js/Re/Rg5IcBqJ6RdXXVDnHM5koL+MCqhpUZRpjBi74UF/2kVX80c89gx4nRLrSITMqDAQT0gHK6M6TKN1igIdq7pyyQpzI80xbp9LP8GdcGfteMAP1KN2iX/nJMW+4OpK/VFY3QRfvGAmgP+ljfKAOtwmvopHznY0UD+aRPtUPQvkHzl16QFycRb+FPzh5nKTyjLWioXeRHe9cG8cMDgnTohjaO0nO48a7dRnQgvlPGmiCf7hgJ6iK4ZkPQb/SalUH6jv3hvn6St3jSq59j5DQ2AzrgX46/yV9OknG6KzPySF+43tSgTmTWh9ne9ra3tY4nnS/kq/O+eowm6MMZ9KqE18TobpMSdLXt8GQHPfSNXXucSrt4jBN2LEmvHHpeWnoBv6C1OniNQn7GH2OASQX1yVZmK+vqaIJBf6A/m8N2Z5MZ2mLcwyPGEX0J+tmiBoeXLKgfXsW3HHyLH/KiM+0GwhPpY3lyXsSx3ZszKK6Fkn/+539uxxB18OqYBRpl6nP6jnODBzdVqKf6kQljoAkC/YWGoD/ZdSYXIqOOwqCILMhLPdTBvVyvTbYD8RPuDN37ftZIaP5r+m+1bnIkz36WacJEdvfqvtK/AqjLaBH6Oho30dgki90D2okX3bdTgv3hOuMB/h4tpFcmmaWjTWKQRa8jmniyg8JuD3YiukcmQnNp5ZF8ovecb05AQ/KobZnM1gZ9on9zPpKf3d/Qtk5oFNPbbz/fYKQTEFrBCG/QUElG+bHHHtsyCUWY7XWeaeAgjJKGRuiUqx6woQ7aWEG7wniOGI8hr446SzDIQOqdenbP7wzyA4wuHwO/AcdsqneqvFtlYJCvPsnArbzkG8YRRz4MabO98uBAv/zlL7/DiZaH+wY8xrPZXLO4+kxdusb3nUFZyhaXMjb4cIKUy+iPobGhkJ+6BcqRZ+jnnOKwFcvg1x0MxXW+oUja5O8cHRzVJfREJ+2yFcvMoAHJu3XukwH52JbOEKHAfPFSXRkA8jIZYTu/d9oZDRwlPCQdB6TL3+KbwDBbbhLEe8WMOQO6Ad67fXZCqI96kz9lc84obApdHfARY4ai0RbK1VH5oExGbPJhPJt4MRNnd4B4nGsGl1UAqyj4RFlm2RkmttwZPOgDzhPlbvBAN21J/+AXdFUmekaO1U2dxTGg4z2TNWjKeNUmZXrehXwFeQgbA/Inj6Du6szY12aTBHhQfRmEPtygrow5tNBGxqfBTdAP3sdHf1/M1SYGrC2aaG7wY8CinT4nRww1+SiTo8GQ9woDOuljRqv8rOTob33EmDX5gmfQmoGIb+QrnvriURNf+JfRytilAxinnilbueRLuLugX9E844866Y9BxpYgfEnW0J4uRA9GOlpbvXIuHoxFmepvRVbfMP71p/wHyRtdQhP9pi/pBrJINwlWBvGFvqdr0BNd12U8eZYA0Y2An+RtHPFRI04QnhZXm0K3O0P3mT5AF3knnbppB31lfNEPHHq6gl6kS4y9gvKiS9KfZMHEHGdOe/PqlGfkRTw0U5ZzYW31vTugTtrEYTOxkJ0h+pHeSf9pn37XHvcT1zcIjAv62jM6hI4i3xxaNGeE0hHycJ180CJ0TZ8rS9kMVpNlyvBMyD1l4zXp5Om+ccJ4wdGmi1zLT/6em1Sk56z40kV0UMZH+hMfG3c8d649aJO6sWnoXJPQ9Cm5lQf+9MzqGr5Uf2OdNouPv7T17oD6o3d4TjvCh6GpgFdNngr5aVB1JxO29bunn7UDXeTXTQ/pSyFQTo4j48tLXP2XcQVd1cUONLQ08S5++iA7M/SrPOmF2KaCOOrRbeNqNHbBCt8Y0NbVCzvyuPXW+fWbX5/T2D+ntxMZbCi/Dyzd6rwG8y9APqvLurXdacL5JRt4UR213WICHW1c19bUP/02GiS9CW27Z5VJBuk6dgC7kY4jF5m0SV2dbwlAA/yBptoVmzDjMH1h4irPR7Z7Q+gwkAOso1QiiHAYSHWgz9sz8iknyipCKAzaWYiEMMJqpv/9bLTzuxrK1Bnqov2M0OOPP74++l//1W49ZcQvaBTswgW2PU6ryZMao218w7xNx0p3Z5AXRqAw0A6cM04ZwY94xCPa1WW0DV3lpU9CX9ehlefytBLIUTNBYVBiNDPuwkyUvwFLfELnSODcTzkgrvrJO7SXf2bFlGs17H3ve1/rsDCiDUSjReghXyH3gHJk8HA8/fSUsgzC6ZMI1Gggffqoy1+OnhFOhivH0FYtK3IxMjkXyjXQUp7q6ZoxgRZmrhkxZm85tBxZ5wZohh26ZjCMQ2zQYYQz4Dg6VnEYmGbLKWSKUX2lS93xj742YBgoDZAUijpRst7TU3+GkEETn5m4wGvyU2erLcrUPobEy172snbw0U5tUB7jhCGkTmjgvvjaxiHGs+5pl7aoH5owPtyH9CPewXcMW/RQZ2nwqjjopBx93UV4VF8JGwvyVh/11w5lagOjnxOLpiY2tD31VleTT7YWM8INaGhtFYKBh870h7Z7R89KCl2KplY4zATjb69AGAz+6Z/+qZ1g0Me2LcrfBJD3wDlR8lK+Cah8gAitbQvUB90P4ElnsgM/WL3HZ/jBpIwBX3v0A5rj3xgkG5PGa4J6qBPDgJyjG8MPT2hD5HW00JdAj9GVjCATCowd9CC3kW19O2h5QH60R3/Jn35A20HzDp8y5sgQXcBpQC99SMbwl/v4OGWuq1x5pu+dZxzAX2hkEkhf4G06Qn7oimZrgnzQQb7JG3ItKMNYRAb0i7HQWGbF0oqJ4NzKmFczyJnndJdnZINBix5WSo8++ui2zOhL9VNP58YN5+GHTQ1oga7ooo6uU1eyTx+jqXZoD70Z+XAN+CDb4+l+BiadgB7yI+vShC7ylcZ9oDvENT7FVgn/SJ8yOeggH3HlpW6OZKnLf3S++/IQ33XSuCeucUk6+oreVZ/kJ054BW+TW+OfOqRe8sBH6iauctxXjjh3F7QBzdQl1wKgj/Mc8bAj3UR3oIO+wN/sQnacfLQvtBXQSHCevHNMnG5c0O+Jo35WmY3pmWg15qHdox/96LYv6Gjp9ZM81Et6dHcfvdVJ/TyjP3Lf0fWqVY38TWj4tylPuqaW7QSureyXNDbXHnvs3tow2223+pddVtdPvbWtreoGQ9nqhZc5+trp2lftIxecUO01fnL6047QahCgpTGHDeSDtcr1KqX+/PjHP97aUyaL8K5+INtZtNgSoA/jP6AnviOj6O7cTjTjFxmNnHcx8nptGMgB1umIn4BxVdp9hhrDjBFvhZLRlGewIZVcE+QnH0TCfCHGWOS9oeDILl28pBqxa43Nt7zpTfWlxgHefbfd6/DDDq9lS5bVp5sB+KpmoDnsvoc1grR9W08dOrGp9/jbFS76EACd7Tz0IvzucZAIvzgGbkaz9guhBThHD9foRFDasho6ES5GAUHyvi8hpjy6SldZrhnf2mPWlKGpHuKol0FQ3gYn8V27TzAZQX6n1LYowkkpMoQo6NEOLtoSHhMyYCkz7fPFVisoVrXNNodH1E/8DYX08g9d1EFe8iSkVvP0B8WEptr31re+tXVIDboE15FhoXz1NCBwRBmF8nGfYrWySZmbNOIgMfDR3bPwBOVPrrz3YzDn9Ni2xtk0Yy5vfZR2h1bhBwMTo8HASIlkRt5qMANRm8zGaydDkYHpI2pWKPGIGWarJSZN1D+0j/EhL/XUFxxt+ZvVd89AwjA2UywvAweHBb/gIYYUo9UWNbxj8FGWfNHf0USC+jNqtIkBwID3LP3jvrAxoTxt0n7HQN3QxRdlOawcGQaCGUsOjXqjB/4UyJ9JLHHRTr7efRPXxKH+tTNAevRkcJBfK/10K77Ql1bin/GMZ7R9LA/lMGQ954igHwcYXawq0yN4k0xyirXBe+TqD2RIGwy0VhLkx0BWtjT4QTnyQ/O7GlYVzMCTd7xETvCSbWMmAbRtNNCetAuMaybvTGSQT0a0yQkTOWgSfh+tTusCL+kbxiu+138waN7aI2997qe3jM0mY+h1W2K1iROhH+kOcfGNtq0JyTNwTXfgM5O/9JdXaEygmEjjrOItYW2yKU9yL054KyH3PNcH9K4xh1zQAalPHBp6Sd+om350jZb0qnqYLGRYOvdM25UTXS8/6aRxf1NCaJFz9Us9u9fa4jrnuYa0Sb8Zo8k7nYN+VoulSdwu5BGDWx50PxkU3/3kC9KHj1KPnIO46A7uydu1c8Hz7vnIvIOcJ07iQ867x249EhL/7oa6oAPeA+egzukTR3JgUpIzZneP+xYfjKVkw1hJLsSNbJAF7UxbY1ek/Y7iuJdnCe6ri/zoXw4gGWcjerecPjGm0S1kMvmnP6WVj3Iy1nGSI68pP8fmXxOasoeW18RJE+uWRr9fPffq+ua3vlXHfe5/avGixTW7sYF2b5zgObO3aXlPvmmbPEYLdWOPqLNFILYvO4u9R1doF9uIb0N/0kPaRpbCzxsKZbKbAC0tnBlj6FB5GnvpUeMveyE6mvzp37R7c4d+067VPLBaj2sjnmI3s6nSz4mTdBuKgRxgAkrgdFKEVAfqDIOgGQyVIpycAEilIwijhTykJ4xdQgh3B8Y1dZg8efV7Cec3joPV34c3RsybjjmmntkIzr777ds6FIxRDLz/Afu3adBtxcoVxXxHN3TB2FE2OtoRExAyThaBNAti60lm19YE9JAvwZSvfGx99mP4DHHbLDg1FJEyMVpoq2zKifGnDowFeXE6OF+eu5YuDElAbU31fqiVDArRTy7hAUYzrK2+64NuP8tL+cA5tLJlJpQSNmNGUXOwxBttufJXHvrJI7TUl5w5W8dAmejJgYHMYjMOBPmgf4yE5OU3rG2D5ThxCilUSo/DSBGSMbORJhWsdthiy7G0VS2zkvImj/pBXTN4ppzQK/1lQooyURfXVi2tAAP+JNMMZYObvmMk6nPpGMuUEV4Jj+JbbYs8ZjDwnIPFoeOYGEDoBSsOBmhtxWOcL6uOVj2l5WBb0cY/ngM+ZZiBOruPriYXtC/tTNiYUH50GJoaoLRd0B/q6t0zzqn2c9DUN5NG+k+9yQRaywf0h37Gu/pHHPe0UxkGZavyfj+YE8yBft7zntc6S2itfH3TTad8hhAdrBz9Z/JDP+tP+YqnrpxqcmuwtTWU06cudIUdAFaFTZjhB+lC97saeC3vgGoz3tJ+ckQvDtL/3b4ld8qgV/Ak2qIPXUi+owPVQbpBoEyTX/QtHaKP5DkIfdMW9dMWEwYmCuwOQEO7CRhTeDV6SZoYctEXEJq6zr3uUVx60dgfHYWnjDd0mTIjq8pGO+noKmkDz9U5uixBHBNAjG4TZXbd4H/vvZpgNSlh+6XJIpM9DFbvmZIPsvLCF76w7UM7V0xQ0p3qo51pe5fWyvRsEPpvTKjfmuBZ6h36de91QW5iYJpEpefd63H3ggySW30W24N9nXHePeMz/eQbH/Q7uTHOmCQ3wWMMAWkF8ibP8I74Qp5H3hMvY4pnZNZ9k6Mm+e0mIUdkSzyT/8YHYwd+opPJD0fd+JLyMgZ6pq7OtUk85+E9dVy+YnEtXDy/lfvPHvfZOunEk+rUU0+pCeMnNePSPk366XVpY4ddeKEPfq1oHeHp0/2mM1ugzWZUQAd2rrabaNV+E9kmHNjcntHTbBTjqTrrL20wLgwCZbIt6WZ2oF1idJ7gPltKXWIX6Rf1xRNbCrq6Cm2do0t2dbqOTuti5PW6MJBmR3DKUqEqBSqmYzC/gYjhxQEBzE1oHbsD3paC4aZNixrhtrWU4/WIRzSGxUH3rqnN4MoItZKm/TffsvpjBcsaZbayERr0oNgy6BMgNAxNgYKwEmELFxozQgneuoDOypSXQGmZPZcf54IBoMyswolLiMVl+MZQ4nQzzuRnoARxKDqKTN2tKFtR8PVvioKB/drXvrZtdxTEoP0uvbqrk7oy6hhcBgLb3igI97wXYxDgnHK2urTcUKC3PlL/gFNqIGDYmTm3suJryIwwNFEeOgboQ06ipFxzdDi4tjGjm+0uVkg5hr5Y6V1iZVpd5uwy4EyAMCr95IVy8QlaiBeHFByVpW+cK1sb3OO8RHm6py7ao534wUqRvjahYOBBZ3VVhiA/afRFHDPtZUSivQFO/nQDvjIw0gcc6Q984APtNnH5arNtvB/60Ifq7W9/eztrbRLACrBrA7hy1UsZJmnQVNl4gINgIkjZgnhpUzdsDKCn8hJSB+W5Rhcy7ToyAmjGiRdHX8RJTRz9QK7dE0d8x6zIaLdBkawlf8F99ImRIl/XyuC8kkF5yk85+pl8k/nwhn5yJEP60JZo73pbkcTnBn2yz8HHB9I53h3QFm1gsFthpNPUD99qA2hr4Nx9vJOQeDmC+9oVeCboH5M0+BGPZ3UA9I90ykD/gNy4J+RcP6U8afR3aOm56/STe/rcuTKTRjulce6+PB3FT909A2XhgfCk+omPf/SlCQ+TNeRVOaBd2puxQPw8k5+8k7/y5O2+usrfNf6jnzjyjHCGizEwEF9InbtB+Wm3/PA5upuEyCSZfrZKzhBUf3xgMgdPcATIkGCCjb7znAxFJ6GFMrZWoHP6Eh30P10Q26PH3Q9yEB2jn4yZnC4Tf64jL9EP5I6cmbgmM3g+cuYZeWaXegaRNcE5nSKIT2fgC+kEkNZKr3HbhLlvUvj9Zraoj59Z9DCmsMOM4RaBlCUfZZNl+Rpn8FjKUn9jEtmkd0D7xFcm2+6zxx5bn//85xpH94LGpzi4ccBX/z693VNzGofUwsB73vPvddI3v9nqx8WLV7dxtEAPdaT/jIXqqn70mUUKNie6kRf0Uf/Iz2ihTPTRdmO8SXOvkVppN+ntWyt0mAkPdqNyxVW3LU1mM96ER7XR5IrJW+Nw+DphtBhoBVjlMLcKOE9FdKJBxoCEYRj04LnBVBoNEm+LQdO2VY2QL2yEhUHGicCwOzUDsK0aU6dPq5ubDjR4U1K2FqJW61gwjoZXb7MVVmf3e+PAOYPFCh1j1AqHGT80jnJaE6SlSAgo5vHxLHkQJLPjhBkIkLJiSElH+MVjlBE6hgUHhYIRR57ytoJJ4fktZit8nBJOjZl3xo+8CKr+Vl9pBwFlKshL+VYCDAq2aBISysnKGiFSV0o5DsSGoltX+ekfR+VwTCkiA4GJAu1TL+2lCB2lF5Sd8wwG6q+eBipbN/WLfBlsnFzv2RpcOHoGPrJjy40VG1ueQ0t56wvlK1P90lbXuadc/SCkHaDPOT2UrgkL+ViVxHMcC4435c+ola+04ihbXukP5Yjjufa5x9AUJ7O++kFdbUO0koZ3OFnyN4AaULNSif8MiKGrwRSfOgf3lRW6JqS9juDeWEOeoX9oSpbVN+Wpb67pO+1GP+nUW3CtnegEqTOZQ8vQAfS/yRIr6PSq1x9SvvhmptFG29EG5O956ut50rgWlKl+4uonEx8GGTtWrBjqK1tz1cNKoW36+ksZ8tGO0SL9hAfRJ3VRL/fk7746C4mLFvjVhJM60WOcOTtQyKI8nONjeZgMUJYjGuDP8I48td1z+Spb33FyTZ7hUXKuf8VDD+mMb3QwhH7ylp/n8hNyL2UE7qkPwzY7I0wImXjQn7Y24h/6QJ3kmXQC+jvmmb5LGWiUdoC+c06mveJgTNY2k6q2vTJKA7RJ3clb6BTIF+TX7R+0E5cO84oGHaYP8JJ+MG4pR5vVOzwvbXhIPbXBtbzlmZ09JjPtuKHPrToZAzm86pg064PQK23qtm1rgTbrAzR2jn6OrvHy+tKyx8YDHaAf9AtdxwnKq0FkVl+RX3qJXRBdwAFmS3h9xiQQ/cMmsnjiGd1AZjKeRx7Ie+RIXmwntpUxh/3BxpOHCVC2LfmLnaMMk9yxg9i/ZJVNJohHl4lHHyhT+eCeNmgvSE8HWUj6yc9Ob2zmz9Zpp53S7rp55V++sn3174EPOLJ2buzovffer6bPmF732Hb7tr7nnnte7dXohD333KPRS6P3L9RPPdTJohG9ZczVdvpI24yJdpmgGV2GhtI4jgbkzsQCe1B/20XDHmIjGmdM5ulXYxE606/KxgfRpc7RM33q2rk+ypiXePrbs0A6+YG6SDMyzl0F5drJiW+UbyLESrgdPvrEjh9xQDtHS/OBHGAEQqgozBA7FWKQ6ThM0SWkZwbPdNoWgaZNvj7XNLQubgTXgO0DQZh2+fJlNaVROEuWLK3/O+GE2mfvvevxjQN8eaNcvvx//9camtLEwGJQoBn6gs63OkborIrZwmV2CB3FWVvno7v+ofTMkpnBY3BJb/sGRagflMnYkFecGAJB2XoHkNHCSOOQSSPob4ouXwU2w29W7u///u/bvpePPNRRu+Qvv0H6HQ+pmzzQSL6UE0VvYoGQUxAMJAYXh51DpV3ijwbphygPNGWces+NYWc11jMGM4FFF1BH5YrvmKA/1CUDgDwItLoff/zx7SAjL3TPbKmtnRSerUd2VeivKIDIXMrNeZ6De6A/AN3whPvKtW3JxA2FDtIbUKz8+901dZSfensWWspP26M41Ut9XIvjHP26vOWewYOy50SI65qjbTXHRI207qMnernHEVAHecWxUbZ8074u0m/K2xhQpjKEtFn7QT1dC+J57pjr7v3wlWvtdh0ZcU//uydvxr9t9rZBdfsfXcUVLzTpHsUJ7fSZ+OrgnqA89BQPbfEa3iNTBmC7OTibAiOAXpd32jEaoJsy5RGZyH33Un/1NV6EprlmmFjFJCfS2nViZVBdpXUvDm9kES0zKaGctAHIAf3EaTM5Y4cH/uc00iEmnbSbbmNI2mWSiZ2kxa/yRMfUlZylTPVJm006cRQ5vfjfPauajFl0t4MlXxTXH9ofh9tYgR8E6ZQXPknbXGu3547SeM8ffYxNdLfy7S6xSwAiv+kDNJRf8oRc6zNxlOlZ2mm80ibbI2OAm0izCwEd035lZUwQx335KDP86toExLHHHtuuBCmL8W37srzRXTtB+3J+Z1DnHHMO3fOtBd02ozFao78+ddQ3Pe4+6ANyQRbIk224HGBOIb43OU6mjYt0ip0Q0pAbMuK1A6+v0OXukQ12hdVZOoseod+jH/CDeIJzcskmkA8dkW8tcEK9cmAS3hjiHt4h9/I1wU0fm2TznG1Lj3F6TVRypu3u0jZjfyZt7Xyjc/EdO5Jcf+MbJ9b73/+hxg5ZVE9+0hPrne/8lzr43oc29aPvJjW0acbI4XG1y673rEc96qi2XAshlzf6+tpr5tYZZ57R6lWTtfQC+oTvlR8eV380ZI+w2+kak4MWHjiibG+00ibtRHMLWertlxv0kUk/NpoJCfRHF20A9PVcWuOW545ojGbsLOccO/UzhqAXevh1FvVUd8h7wBxgtpJ+5ZCrSzdvZbqvXPKtzuqD3qAseWp3aOIcLVxLE15wvDugj9BdHbTH+I5/+VTsVPdTP8fRYCAHGBAMEB4QDmE5WTpLB2A+wgA62vXaBqrNEbY/L20MgMVNpxG6U085tQ7Yf/865NBD2w9j3Tb/1jr3nHPqzEYoDz74PvXABzygzv7lL+uDH/pQu73wlNt/JJ7jw5AAAoOuHBMrt575iRtGqIGKkIUJ1gTPCAfBlAejjZIizHmXTz6gb5QnTQxS/YsJOXyUmXeuCK2fdqFQKQfPvFvlXV91k0ZafRzl6lrergcVKPwlKAe/oRNFL5g1ogR9FIijmJUqYbTlhsfVXXnoSaGgJ8PRSjcjDS0oGcaqtmu3+ASZwkmfyc8xz9CP0rclXR8Y5BxtIWTgK8/XTOXNqNR/aKlNoa848nfuGfpor/MoiNRH2Z7rR3m4R/ELdiYwvuXLwWDomyiJ4uzmBY7uJQSJB47KAfmiRWap7RQQF38effTRrXKjKzI4qT/oR5A+/Op8JFK3O6vTWCPtCx8qK+epQ+qTuHeG7rN1xQ8vej4y/zWlAXXCP/gy6Rzxjfv6R95or/+tEFphNjEj4E3ON2eYvEkvT2nkM1okPd7F8/IM7+pf11YvbJtnjNFX9BH5M6GHX9SNIWCG2KBPbvANHjvuuOPafMmpvOQrhK+0X1sYDRxdPO/jJoJrqxpmnU2oMfpMQHKE5eVbBxw7+hn/MlQZeXjXyom8w7fa5Hl4VxrOrVXfDOgMQis72TJMLzAYTTwyTqykyEc8+Wizvgv9tcN4m3LRNk6hdOROuxhO+pdzL08fFbGCjibGHum0gaElH21N/ul3EEcfKYMec6SbjFMmD3yUDb+oq77xjQTlMPAYlnS1fqdb0t9CdFIMQ4al1V/tMKlp55I04kQHQvJYF7ThzrCm+1si0C6yILgW8ACabk20uDuA1iNpHL3nGTkk/xwhW2DZW3Sf1wrpITsfyKbVQoHN0e1LOpJDmLGU7LhPl3Ik6B+TUXQBfQHkXpl0KL1ktZnTTa45vl7x4mhbPJGvsrQhMke/4R31Mkb4LoW4ZFx7rBizzeRNR5uIE1/+dJFdhmwpccm+eHTH61/3hvqzo/+iZs/y6l1jz4xjGxgb6PFG/sevnvSla0zO/vCHP6ivf+Pr7TuzxgA7g+hx9URjdNBWZWgHO4guzu5IuhutTdjRP+pMJ9Nf8hDyyg17if52zyo5m5jfoww6Sr3QyYRD+odeRRN9JJ126l/jmWd0pD6JzqS31QMvmEzgW6GldrHZfCzLOKGtxkL6VT8f2zjy6Wv2qbL0L+AHdbDzkM5WV7RRjjh8EX3Lpr47EL6KHai/tANNjMHGZHG6YTQYeAt0FGaAqAZl27g++tGPtgaIDs1WJZBmS8OqlY2Bc/MtjSPcDCKTJrbtJwSHHHJozZw9qxYuWlj/+ZGPtKuTnMT73e+wxgi4oX2pf8XK5TW/UQIMB7P9ttiFASmDbBclxN1tLVFqhGpN8IxxQpFx0Jwz0l7zmte0SpOwYC59RhlgOuU66idlUEKEhKNOsBg3Vj8ZZhSOOlFcWZVWN2lzjidyDTmOBtorT8IqHwLiqA2MWIYoBW6bpvYBGqRdo4F0UQ4pz0oTpWUm1moEBf4v//IvLZ0yG6tMkAZt0VHaLv97ZsBQR3E4G979tRrKCHbPAKEsdOQAU1bJO3DdNQYdR/JFyg7PuJZGvgx/ytIAi8/Q0yoOZ9w9ylpcaYRgTecj4Zk8lY/XrD4ZMPAOmbC6w8kwEZD6oWHqu7a87y7cWZ3cE0L/XCdujkH3uhtvbViffO8M6K8PyQ9ZcU4fOCfn6hz+kR/a40/BeZ6nXP0iz6TZUKTO2iMf9cqkn3P3OUlWIN773ve2cs2pMvDH6TRLj1/JJp3LMTYZp00cZu+c06niMGrCV+oeB8s5/uMcOuJNBhp+tFKqDHIoT+kdGXf0qLaTEYaT9tgmZwLUu1sMFTtQxPFc3gwUbTWTzWjxXJs4vnRH6EFX+IiUSTz6ngNM73IG6QPGnqAPGXD6D90c9Rfd/B//8R/tx6LUM/qLzDF8rSAwdBhryrajQBnia78xm8wbfyKP6Xt5RTbxD2PQuECu9Q15ZrQzINWVYauvTKQxFsWlz/SrSQbjhr7RT/JiRDI69b26SkNHMjbpIhMAgI7aqj/UXT1drw3h3YQuRl5vqUAnOr8ry4JrQV9vCOS3vrTTZ+InwGjo3s1DiEwHaROMjDsyaK9jaIKngbyQr7FGyiI/3XriY+WTOfLL2bHya+cfGfWqld0hcWzVm2PFiQXXyYt+IgscKnpGWSa9BLYLOSPndKZrOoYt6B49w16UF5n1wUUOB1kURx0hZTlqE3plrAB2ChvM5COdbGynB+g5ZfIJ2DjabTKRfjQRSBeIo53arc4csfSXAOElfaRO6kFPyJMecs9EG1vaxKCxwT00o1/1gb7m6FvRpX/U1SSbSUH1Q2dlm/yVr/jobJxyj47De9pND8uX7kNz9ry+QVt1dS2d+qKj8ead73xn+0Ha7GbSbvpQXd1XJ/XTX4K62yVkXEJn+pN/YKzj5PrOijZyqtn7oF6caHWwA8j4xG41nlpYwSvapl1oYqyyU9T4yPFX57sa+hJN0ZY8sAfwpp0I6oSfxOmG0WDgFeAA8yN8mJIAMwJUnBAZhD1LRTH9xlAudxfGTxi/euarEZgp06bXRU37f3HWL9qfOJo+bWrNa4wNnYd5X/ySl7Szdtddd33d0DjB97nPIbVvI3icSXRhQDDwbMOw6mqWHgNznDlXysH8aCusjY6Yn3CbDWOQob8tbxwPxlKUpr4TwkyCfpQ/oRBXvQgspUo52O5MKWPIOC6YNfXBvEApKAfkOwhS167S69YXGJUMXvRUrvuJO1rg3Sg6oDwoKIYjB9jKutkpisU70ClzXUidUvcc1TsDCcWpLM8MRpRk6LmhkEdkVFvko10GJG3SFspZvfAco9bgZyBwPojMKhNN5MPZNqnja61mNvG4WU2KWLzUCw1cD9J3Gxvqql2Cc0GdwRG9E7TJsYu0bV1t7MZLCNYnbWRAHcLL+jNHsq7uqWvoLrgP7iWkzDwbDeQT2oG6KNsgzQg4/vjj20HaffxhW58BmfPHiWMseMYwsKLAiOAw0Xue0VscVJN3nD11ZZTRSdqMDmbRjVVZLfARP4YEHddtZ+gmqAMHkYNKBzByGIiMNY4bh52xxJFWBzPtdLpVdddkmoHHqWN0aT9eV+842wwvdTV2csLFoWfIir7iCGqv9ruWpziMPR+L4mQaZ6yYqp92MJikky8Dx9ZDk4XqQA4/9rGPtSsHnhln1BUN0CqyqP3qx5FFM8aStqkvetAjxpsYnmhvfLDjiE7WRoYd45sOoM8Yk9Jom3KNMZx17TEREGNTPuGV8KZ6pX7r4sWkuTOs6f7dCf1KHtRN21JH9NcX7gnOxXVEn8Sja9El8ownQ6tue53f2XU3SK9c/OYaHyTfbt1GwvMg7XEv8XPsxoM13Q88T5zkC2uKPxJJy3bVFm1AO+ldoxVZHGsoVxnKU2fH3FcXjgw5NKlOl5B9H8g0eaY/11YnecgPPbTFhJlvlRjL6Ruyn8lA8snRVQZnlb3J4eZoyYO8st3phnWtBIof5469CHhMHehqMu2Z+mmHVVZt5yBqj3pwcLze4Nozuoe+kC96CfJTVkImEsTXZ8YBuk7QTuVyRjnYJuLUBR3URX4c8ve9730tXewapPfpaLpcWcYJOkcI37uv3tG/6qCOxh2rk8YAfcgeNAFoHFKuvDjk9CVHlE0HdlUa23zQK2OavKQxBsnfriN0sTBi9ya66GO2t/rGgWV70q0mMehir69x6KWXn1cV+WbsPGMBurPBjBPyQ0uTj1bE5WkFWj/c1Qj/ahPoqyy+GaPxpWf6QxgtBn4HGNOpAMUYplJxxNXRjGkz3JhFXHE0zoztxlAudye0fenSZTVz1sw68ID965q51zQGwkV1RaNgTv7Oya3yetzts0t+LmnOnNn17MYRfXzDjJiVoqNsBAKYVTcdz7Ek3FYYGAxoSeiVKc6dwTOGxEc+8pFWuTE8MLgVRkIa5tJ/OQ/krUzM7xnFbJaJABPkzOBZKaAcxRcoiQyu+MB58kt9R5Y1VsBXhBb9ohDQKTw62nKlVe/QWjsYeWbmKBYKySycWTcKwxYlcbV/Q5F6OqKdfBiRjFn3/uzP/qzli0GAD+Wrr1KWMhjAJlj0eSY9DJyc+rR9NG0K5KE8vGRQMsCbyaOwGclZ9U48/RYaqOOmBnwAoWE3QM49T0A/IWmDkWnXhrXFW1t65afc9KXgvoE6Ax2663/yJD9xkq/0eZZ+EkaL5AHyds4gM3vNAXI0oZXf1mZomMhL/dU17cArBnLnnFp6AO/id44efqMP8Zh4+N1st51KzjmynCwOobFJm5UjPUSv0X8QJ5WxRQ/QqQwutLF7QhkMImMgHlcGHe8+GWaIMUS1O3oSPcgloDNHVH3pfgadtnEc0YaRJT7nEBi0DGUrEOqvTowr7QJp5cFgko4hQf6sACgHbTmbJjoZQJx2tEBjbQh/GLsZUeiW7eLKE1f71F/dBbSRJ2Naf8hH25XpGi1MXEhjVVxdTc6iq74xecH41C9oqw36AJ+kP8KD4aMNgfQJmyL0U+qmHyK/7qGFNuc5vhPAfWn1AdpKC67xdOK6n3PPHOln4xv+7pYhoLk4KT/BdfJTx25Qj4Su3hG6eXveRTedfOSdOOInbY7Jr5vn2kI3HWi39sXJxO+ebyyEVsp3rmxyaBcG25mtZ/LKggWnSDz1Uu+1QV76Tn/QESaWTDgLdITJL4spnCdtNdFI59qCaxKNDHME2QIcY/KODtFRd4bQVEBHPOeYCZP0G71Mv9A1Fne0iTPHEXPfO694hK0qL/SBbr+Hbu6hRXgW5CfQM/QGZ5ueQzeTh9onWHFlz9KV8rQjkl3OtpbOveh9dVUnkLdn0YXq4DptpKeza4WTb9FLGXbbGIv0h2/k0N/64c1vfnOrozmn6KDeJl7kSU9bAacr7XzJRKU6qA/7XJ/oI2MkH8JYoR9NJNrB5B5aab920atsePfRjI43BtDJ0Q10OyfYYh29q7y7GikTTdNe+l9/s7dNCqORMAgGXgFWQZ2AAaIAVcqAz8jFUN4fIMA6Ioy7PoK8OUGbljcCs7RhXl+fm9EIAgVzaDOg79IYAfvss2/D6C9sGdrHssSd0TjKE5uORQdCRlAxJsVnJsfqQd7PMqHAgGNkMSgAraVdm2LSJ2bpGY2Uq/4gTPJcGwPlmYGQoJg9876mmStK2XYVSstW6LyXQKAZdJympG/p0qQnXBAFMtZIOfiQchpZDjpEiY0G8gf5yosS8fEvRqZty3jdagbnV5+JHyFeX6S+oZ2+1ccUNmdbfgYICm8QyFte8tcWAxwHlDLUHhMbaGnAsB2RIqacB6GfMtFEmfJm3CqTU2MW1gSCgcDAEb52xNvShTabEtIeUFcDpgFfcD+Dd/rSMe0QH3KvG9aGdcUfeT0SmQTTl+qZewwTfEYvC+Ko80g5cp7+SAgNRgM0ipzgQzSk5z74wQ+2KxF0odVUOi/bz+KMkfXQ0f3QmGHFYaaz8DJdiq+9o2ZFhO7SPkYCQ4RR8E//9E/tBAxnkjGAFvLi7KqfgGaO+Ff5GcPSBtfO0ZNTqO742X2Gp0lIuoKRRN+rf2gnz+QfmjoXR12dazc60DHGCvpGOfSt/HylVXuMEfntdQ5vIE9tBWVFtpxLr02MN5N44qKTlV1jjzozQDikJhOsEqMf+jNIGOmMavRST06t1W0GlHP9EKMRxHNP/aym0AEMt6OPPro14jjO6uQ+Q8/Kv7riEWnDe8KWjPCCY+QuvEFWcg+6OiV8BOFJR30dPkvAB93gefrbtXyME8oLrwug/MAz/NrNe2SQVwJIn5B2dp934Z443XhB7t/ZM8i9bujel05bHbU/eW0sKDMOlnLJvyM7ip0Fvntgy7PxXp3Ij35Ax7VBnLSFLNJB0lhhpTMsqND9JpvYKnSeCXATa74xYxymQ6SVTrnKD83uDORS3+Mz5ZNdabWLvKoL/mQrskHpC/aofOkAellai2XR63hQHgnykLe6e64+4uZaPfERW1OZzk2w0S+cSGVkJxA6cEY5e+qiXDQD+chP3ZQnH+1w7h59qz7hdXFNIItD19NXHFV6WtnGLd8wMAZY9RWfc4rOmdiTNvoxeaY+2kC2Ekf7unKmfp5bjXZks4lntyCw4cWXHyfYKireY6t7f9g94536GSPpYbxglbi7UHZXQt+iQWREHdCJHWoiQLvHAgO1DOF1LiC8ACrOQ3/DG97QzqwQMEyhA8UJQ21J0GG+9Lzt9tvVhIbRdBxh2K0RgEc2BsXT/vhpdUBjvKwW2CWt89syekMHacUltO5FsCkATGomhjOMbgSJYUIQM2OzNsiPIWaGSb9QdLZBEBJKa02IUMWYZwipj35luJihtM2O8qC0OcJWa+SJUZUrXQJoV87HGvI1UKBjhEN7tcH1uui0LnTrThEG7ilDWc6VvyFAZyFQTkL6IGV326G80UBeUYb4J/nkXRmKPEamfsVr4imbchwUygeDiLYpR5nq0aXD5oDwg7rTbwZ0M73oxtlhaJjVtp3XyqNdE56bcU9bR9Pm8AU+7Ab91A3qJZ4gjUAvxWDQB/Swwc/uBb/v6EMgBkDOozZ004M24x/9hhcja6NFBnl8weBSP9v/3Pf+rt/XjjMUHalt4SP33XOtjurESbTjyNbpV77yla3hQ29xEDlujB0TSu9617tanmcoMJCUz3CQF73rGrRRu0MD9Qg9Ic9BvRlyaGRWHg/QndqFz+Upjnqiv5C0kHN1kG+MIhDXtVVl2/W8B4a/vCPo+wPa6RcCtJm+V0Y375FQRtoLGZMZRJxnX7d3zmj15Va0k7efK2M4GpNe97rXtZMNJhm0Wd90+eXO4BlZccxuJjxIhjj2Gfts3UNrBhuZkbe+3ppAVkNTfamv0CsykHtC+FBcfekeXkNnz3Lt6F63j5JHgjxGwn30lxfQOerHBlSe+8l3TaGL3FOWNnWRuN100TeuQwPlki3Xd6YLPR+Z90gkrnTGvpyn3I0JNO3CGGsCD99zXNGGjgJ1WldbQBxyTTdazTWxZ2sxp4seNNlp2y99YWHKSq94zk1a0Z3RfWiLp9amRyDx0S5tclQHUCe01YfahW88My7SBeSbo5d+xKddvuj2RfgwugBPOA9vO7oXW8wzesYOHNBGr7nkg1Fogl7i0zvGa7paXZXflSUQV/3VUzmuTSwqwz3pPHetHE6vMk9onE1l0tWCST3lgfRpr6Oy0IvO13bngfJAHfWPMh2BDrXgpV3O5YeubPLQK/lLp57S4jETnfwD5ekP5Yh7dwAfaTO+c66e+sV2fuOdOq4pbAjWztXrARUDDILYlKGKmwHxiXADqUENkREzxpP4WxIQfknDrM0JYtTMhuF2bgw3szLLli1vV3zbOEuWtl+M1k2OfgMYwviAOXV8OpRjZ3bdTDqlZVsFYOBMQKwJhNrqh49UOYpve573gtfGLPpHX5lxYYBY+bUSSGm5T8g55t4Dzkqoj67oc1vjCBSjBsQXKIuN1e/agscICzq6jmJwrr6DQL1T965SSD+551w5KX9DkTK6ZeEL/CCgn2PKGy1SN7LrHI8ozzXFqR1oR3FaDVOHxBsEaVPKUob2OFfGnWE0dLyroB36QcBn5IQDyVEwi++rmX7Hj7PiPRvvUjv3CoJ3WKw6vvvd725X67z/w5l405ve1M76k1fv73BC3va2t7VbpUwoHn/88e1Ek0ksjqoVQDrBirqVU+eCc4aOCQzbvcx8W7Gz0m6l3wy4o2tGl2d2MVh55ezYpsVIYozR5+k7/ZEwFsADkRdl4AP1sRLpfSjOpAkFwJeQuqwJdBQnGn3ljbZ+usPkg1l5tOfg0m2cYkZJ8o6RMFrggzi66sGw4UQyZOim6CdtiF5cV3uCGAL6g3Flh5EVBo6wsYF+4NxzkBmV64P0o6O6Gx/kIw8TAyYhONUMNavLnlkZCO8qz4ptdBM6qqd+XRv0s3YzzNBDWv0sH3VhiDHAXDs3lmi7eFsT0Ah90DN0RR90RhuI/KBNeMo5PhFfXP2Ht13jT0d9kKMQXgC0hoyfnADlg+sE9VMPwXnyWlPoQvxu+sRZU51GolsP0E5BnqFPeLIbNwHdwnvG7dgIaYuwMaFcZYE6At3H+XBNh9B/9DznBP0Tf20QT7vQT/8px0qera7GkKw80iHKwS94g51JHtHGtfFeWnnIb20IreJEgvLDM55HnulE5XIA1clkq90+yhFP2eK6Fi98D/rIc/mE711rQ/hFnPSvY/oSbdGUzjIecErxeewfCN3lKa16yFue4riHJu47KkP9lK1O0kuLlvQ/ucl4ZAXe64hsAelBWnIq37RXGnmrR3jSefpGnR3RUT7ihB7AbjPxajxXZ/VHP+nQ2US8SWLtlqeJTJMgAjveCqvxSpnqcndAW9AQHaIPOL7sE++pjxUGcoB1FgdPZyCUSusQDGBmmlGF4AjPkO7OcmxpwGjTGsGnilc2tFjaOLrLG2Ni6eIltWpoVcPoK2tcQ69Zc2xnaYS1YXzXVo3D/GgoEAr3MHWCWSpblxlttqaazUJr8daEtk4Nk6M95rZ1mcFEOBjGazOS5EswGR9WnRknDEd56nfMSaE4t8XdCjCj3WoHo6m7NVpeGFncjYmuMlJPdHPsKtBBIC9QjrZoV+45Tzs3BNJ0kfxyhMQJ/brPRgP5ZeJEns6jIL0nZPuLd0C0E7+ho3h4abRQpvyVk9le16kHJU0xkwN8Z/bSvRhrmyr0BdoY9A0mjArOm3NtzHZO98ie1wQEfMK4IYu2ZDEC4qR6tYCDS+7MHpMl2+E4pHZcmNHnnHCmTTh5L9zWeLP8jhznBCt2HG4D/mtf+9rW4fPBJzIqyN/qrwmrrFzqAzPzdLidAeRnY4Gs0nl4Qb9nHEE3q5gZQ/BAdEjkYF1AC06aHUjewzIxgfesdAh4kuMYo0q5wqDAx+gpf5OE+ttEA6OD3kRfNNUeOpx8rQv6Bq9Jr47OHeXBqWe4ZKyQNzom3dqQePKTV3QNqBu+Nolj0oUR5/1EkyOcYGWRX32Ifgy9lL02XZF2pN3SWnXCA7brgbyMT/jR6zrqIkRfbC3QZjRI3+oj9KY30It+NDmgn9GebCQuuqZPXaO7vBi2XV53XzrHIHSWp3jkT7nO8Te7IHGk9Yz8ymNtIeWqk5D78kgZ3WfuJygPbyWO56GJekoveJZ6ee7afXG6IfFTB/Ey0aItjhsLaBDHBdJPHA91sUpK9owN73nPe9rx2H31XRfiNKFTaIWP6FS7AelFjrAJRnmKw05DkziDzh3xkLCuctHKmK096K5M+eZcv8mTI0+u8SA9qI3qFvtX3dFG2i7kkSBP9QkfqafguhvXtSAu+rKDyUl0nrGaDatMeYZW7qsfSJfnAijLfdc5F0D7tc8ztNQ+6b06YtXXeIa3yCG6shGUpY7hN7pPviAOpCyIbg3vgDbJg16Ng81PsIvLfWnY5hbPyC6/Tb3UT5vt6jRO4Tt2inLRYWQ/3FVIX+ovbVJPE9ih61jVa1xT0Jo9qHUA4TC9yoXJ3FNRA6UVEES1KuKDHzpd/DBPmGaLQNPuFcuW14SmXROadrq26us4uWFGwq+9rUA25+MbZp7U3G+TNl2wanj14JKOFTf0QVvMbwbJtmOrPlaEOLRoui46MmIJP6PWipIZFJMRjEKzPWuCOltZ4viaQbRtmmAw7tVTvdRZHcDWC0bScccd1ypy77vZAm/1Wh0JbIR4Y0GdgHDjRfUUlN1VGBsCbcSvAXqagEA7zoXVEO32hWyr4WYWlTUy3UioHwMmiga91Zsyi5KTh1U4ExiUE2clE0nijhZxMIGSwRNWH80OU57aaFDyLr+vGeY9EXw0WjBgtEv7tMOMnm23HBNK2cdv6As8hk/QI4p/Y/PNaKBO+jD9rA0GVAob/4fftCODLtoK+NQRDIjycG3wcx75l4e89YU0BsyREB//qIuyQFz3PBM8o6fxm/5WjnODr+M//uM/tmUpk67mrOG3rI5mIB5rqJegrujAQbX1lYPF6f+7v/u7tq5WpQHNGQp4d208IT8QhyNPXhmAHF80MmlA/zES5E8G0cmzQdqKx70eYnu17Vp0ASPWhAUZtl0YyIE+VT/lKXtt+kl/qpu6MrDoYGOBcYDuoQtscWTgMHLRxz31CZ/dGeQZPRCaqYdzOgIfo416MpLRMPxgnMcv6iS+dNG/8vRsTdDn8pE/oIU+51x7L5EsaYv39PCibdfyxCMxTrcGjORx/cWYNkGGDniBXqZf0D99J55+Q2OTCu6jMd3kKG1kTxmCc3DEn97NxD92S6R/6QZ9Fh7AY86l0ffhhW6IfhLUM/pImeEZ9QXP5amO4snbOeh7aTxPWz0HcQGvy0N+ninTmJX2qbMj3s618ulVO2WMg3hc262MKcMEDKdAudKEr1O/0UDatD35qSsby3cxrIz68KWxl+7wgTg7PZS3rjJDW2UIobP8leW5oGxtEocdQ0+adMUbdCzaSAvr0iPyg8Qfidy3mm0yOHpY3+hXr6Roly3DoXF4RT1GA+nlo514yEINJ9BWZH17/PHHt79iYkek7x6oT/gq7RkN1Flb0maTF+jraMckBxWP4UHyAvpmkHKl12fKNYZqm11gJha1Vft99MsEhElfu818y8HYYSKc3SUOuRcPD3qFyATu2vp9YyG8StfESedP2g336le/up3YjtwMgoEcYEhnh9lyjyKxOkHhUiy2ROsgTBEltKVhaMXqLcnTZ0yv8RMaWgw1BsV4Rg1neHnr9C5dtrQmNs9aprpdkQ01nT1+4h8aP+gTGkVRERi0ZBgS1te//vWtgcohastthEmaCJN0aB6hdt+2CDOKVpmsIFkZskVdOowWA4ORrF8pX3FtPcjP4ciHAZY6CvpcSH0pblss1RnDGozxgHrfHQI1CLQPLQI0ZQzaJsjQNaNKOK2ucYANXmhAJvD/2oDe6I4ujHS011cxyMmL2X7bz83SmUHksHim30eDDAjK0pcCo52RSW7lbeZQfay+xdjSHv0/CJRFT2hvJmZcm5zJe+oZ8PB0ytMHmxpSJ20hn/oq7cMjjvoS3EfXpIkOzH38JW4GTc8SAs+6fNhNL0BkK8+E5MOB6NbH4EJnqKdt0ya50Bs/yg+f4d+x6Pc1odtesmACgU4zuUe2TMqoXz4MA3QKeru/JohDhzFs4+Bpr/a79s6vc9vWyRqZSH6p02igDQwPBghnl6GHz21zV56JBrREV2Vqt3Id11auZ/pEX6Rf6By6nOwyKk0cMF7Qr0sbea8Nayo3fIlXOF3exzbm4BPP3NcPeF2d8B5agntrM1yljx7SH67pH2mMRyZTfQDLBIKJMTuglKE+dNHWCjQ3HjDaOb/4DV3oIH2uPyLjMR49M16jNTpLQ7fiiwTo8gkjWj70Mugr/YTPlIdnPFem+/pN/8du8Mwx8XKMnHkmvrTqom5WpbSJw00PiKveJlr0uZVn9VdPdHCeIH9BWhMC4RXyIl8TKuJl8rh7rXzjKx73cznGdXl4xYCs+oK5YEJQGaB8tLG7J/c2BNqQ+qFBwG6i+5TntTMOsVc46BMLCuq8NrlaF9RV2Y4Zt8CEIJp4NQ7Nu2MvuB7Ebuu2N/2f+/pcX+Md/RdecM/z1HE0SHvl6TsFJiM5+Whp9xPa6nOOnvKUlTSjRdqKR+SJ730zAU/hIWOC52jqqB/QBY93eWFDYaJLmfJhu3llxaKZ+tiRpB4mF40TeRecE2zSQd/iK21HD+OVyVXbxdNXdyXUA9QdfegyMuBXDux0M7YOQqtg4BVgAx1BcR4Fi5C2v/ptK8KkEzA2pUQhYzJxx6IBWwPQFEMw6ggN2loZYRhwLm3xwyToHoHDtNKJj+YEI8yEkcz8cOK8h4HR9Q+Iz7iijDCan8PwZWrGKOGRr7pESXSD8hzBkUJlwBIyq8C20jFu8MTmhrQRfdCXgeaz9iYGbDW1PZUxatAy04g+6zNgxAGWN/mQRhnS609lmZlVlploSovMiefZaIAH5KEflC8vq1UMUDOEnFJ9R4GabPnyl7/c1jETLKOFgY6u0C4K2XZrOxK8j2SrLqfEc7yqbWknDFLuxgJZg8hWjE/3M2hEViIvgWvIPdfSyUv/QJ7Jk65kOOQZJN+cd4/QPYf0tfvyYeTqV3zASXMkw8pStvqIH52yMdClHSMAj5goI1NWfekMPEG2AoPh+vC/tshzpCHnHl5j4HIeGVvGI3yvPoMM+OhKhuxwsLqgrtrGMSVTdDY9nokHsgDR8WuC/qGX02Z1NHn5xS9+sd0ijx52b1hlsFvDc+0E5a8JGYfT5pE86lqbOAdWMaxgcBbQ0X38E54HZUkjv25eI6G95FvZ0ru2Gm+3S5wukxe2d1vFECf9jm5bM/Qr2UUP/CoAmqOTo77TJ/rDOZrpjwR0FC8B/dNf4qdfleWZOHh1fWmfcrr5OsbmwzvhAY4tuce3+NxrN/n1CXKCH0ysMOq1VbuE6A5QZ3lzaD1Dm7SZfCtHe9Iu5TtyFsglnWNstZtL2ewV8oT3PFMPNFCntEE58hgt1LmbH3CArb7ZDWHnJFuNsW/VkpOmPfputFCmPLpluzaJjw527xkHoqOCsbDX0dzkDZ40kYKeGeOPPfbY9jURjriPB3qGJ9RFXUcD7ZIPPlEOx49+tDsVfe2gYfNYlbZrRvy00flokTYpl5waV9QDv+OXbLvutg0vuY9XR9Pe5K3exnn5k1c/b8VWVT75stLrmbpFDtQDrcmO++TNzhsfRrPzYdB+Hy3wHDqijTYZV+0UMDnExh6LcWAg115HIXKUkXMKRWdwrhge4kSZZbXHc43rsX5ALwyMtgYCDqlzW6E5KRE4TitGAYKgX2JgYXa0lw/msa3ZIGEbqhlWQsGokY9jPq5jIOAE5ffACOmaoK8TCI0VPQ6OWTbGZvhjcwPeRhP0pDC0I4KpPdrLOKVA9IHn4lG264J89C/5oIhsOTa7b6Xeff0oji0z+l499LG+GC3kGeWrDEeDHZlkZOARz/FVlBC4HgThC1trnvWsZ7WTKr7sZ+A1GFnxAboDonjReVMF3iA7ZEv7QH0zGKGfIJ7n7jkne/rcvaSThzbjKSHOaZwlkB70kTISXAv4TlBG4gaeK1OQH55Shnj4wD06O7yVY8reGFBu+lc90MK1dqf/U8duvHXViZ5ixIXmAugr59qGDuLgazR2371BgMaMeEYVZ06e2sgQ8sy5OqTfUq/wwJpAv6Tu2u5ID8gzbRGHfjCR5oh+nq8N0uEX+Qn4xr3wD5rjX/qbc2A7snv4hD7qtin1c+24NkhHT4bHHK1c2x5okoDzYUu3chOnKwdbM/SrlSTOmclvK/KCvuGsuW+VCe0c7RzicAj5DoH0DGIT3yYaHBnfztlpdD6eRO+Md+uifbfPpdXHI4M4QvLFs+pky7E6qatr7fFeu9VY21NNuuANK1JWSC2u4BE71ATfRcAvJvTtVDO+iO8jrBwfOwn8XJcJFY6kyXx52g5qiyia+caKD3nauWZSiaGtHvSPupOJLqKPxhLoJqCNo1VD5SjfNRkba+iP5J8+TD8Fng0CDpZJb049m9P4l/zR1a4Z36WhizN+Rf8PCnUPv0X3Kpte026gs8YK0VfKzI4D45H7yqO3hS59xY2dNRqgFz5BvwT5k3nveuN5+kA5CYAmxovwtrra1UAW6JKMDXc11Cl1dGQP+Nkur1RqS2g8KAZygAETIZBK6lzniEbxemeBEsPIIXA6BuF7rB/CCJgTHc2Q2c5BOVoNztYgIYqTMDi6F6PO0X2rsJS+wc7qIoUvL/1HQeg/Skq+nG2DLOg7eQpdocg9IYpUWSY+8MFf/dVftUIofWb3NyekbfohSkw/OHqnxLmB2ceFfMEXzQmsbSbrQuQGzW07tsXD6pcVeoOGvNBRPMpMvpyjyNNoEN4AgzunPU6n/lGuOPqYAqesGdRkfRCouzxt42Z42G5lhtIHdmwR8mXi6A9HdMFHaLApAi/oB8fwBrpGOYfG2iEE2mSwW5MxE35LekAPfUKXZhDvPgdx1CM8lXsJ4ksvyEtQf0fGMDoL4W35OB+E19aF0AqUgzbKRp/UG7/jiTir6wO6LU4t/pWv/PGxPOg2ThxdyJGjN9FhUAMTzcirbydk5h29rXzgdYaQe+jcpe+6eBydpGM4mgk3UaVd0uk75+LQIZBxGc3Whu5EA8jDdfoFz6Aj+tMV6JR6gzp1+1D87vXaIJ74XT6mb4wZJk/1exfK6vF7oB+arCnof/yRYzfgD4FcJOCOP33RAAC59UlEQVT/bhz56+8uP0B0x8ggDSivW3buAb5x3u1z+eMtfIXXgBxqQ/JM/gkpIwgtAnm6jp05Mn73msyYoCILJvo54WRKWrJsQot8oVfKUIfYsmONyJyjsZjs5T4aDYou7SFt6N7v0ge6tB0N6FhyrV2ZYAFlZnKQvYTunB96a1BdHN0a/tQe1/rRNZ5Xvvvhs7GAestXv9H38sY/dhuxF/GZyec8z7g2CD8pU3ptM5GFzml3aKC8jIPkI+32zLW0kfPUxXg52joNgsgauinftfrjD20YKww8ohDQDMSAuAYuDpbtaz4MZGYSgUEjusq0x7pBmMLI6G3W1FYRH1Wxbeykk05qlQamZ9RhHIFQ6BfpI/hoL9hOaxug/rDtxrvFESKrF7ajcFzzHjfFS2lRZHcGZSQo2+CRd2YEM64+oOF8c4P2aLsjOmSlnfFsq6OtvJSa2WW8T2C1c13GJ0SwrfraRu0dlXyRj5LUVyYoKE4g/IM6wBl8QD7q+oAHPKDd4qjc8I96mAXHV+GtQSDPSy+9tN3WxUFRVgxws/ZelVAfz4Io500R6KZNGSDU3XnueY5fYrS4Fz2Zc2m0MfIN+CF5JYD8kq6bVnzBuTgJ3bgCOqqbZ2S9a0yJm+vE76bfmEj7HLUDn6lLysZ72qrO6p+6rQ3ih57aLZAleon8yMdgOrL/ujQZLRjN6sqw4wSbXOJwc+7InjooU3l0BJ3OEFpbm0ILcehVukF6E5d0tmd0kjaSKbxAVzgfBHQdGmmHL8f6QjzEMOlx9wH91xaiGxyFyIQA0RP6F9/gfXwr5FkX0uGpxB0Z3O+W30Xykz51wbM5Rq6VnWv5gbzB/eSb547CyLp2n4Pz5Afda5MtHHBIW8DY7JnxiNyqN77XBuWxhUaWOxaQp7ppq/K612ONLj2Vk2tH9A4GbaeJO21AT7qY3jLZbnKBbmH3mNSj6+1GwAd0Y7cOGwq8rx14zHmO+i/3tUsZKSftHwTyDF9zRrXRwgb96dVFO908Rw+TAdqMv7Q7/DoaoKsxRvmxK91jv8vXuOcctNM4q1x87BlIG9lJnEH7fjTI2EwW8QE5sP3Zr2D4HojrscDADjCGzh53nSoAwpnxsbUEOGiQDjCw9lg/ECTMjCnRlyI2U8kJJmA+XETIojQiXNkGh4nC1K6BoPgIFieYArLdWRny8YU1Csq7KLZBMM6UGeGQP+EYqSw8T+DoMMzEB+kh/b+5Ie2KAWtrFIcR/f3usdVL9AUKFjKorg36iPNLqA0Ir3rVq9r3+rzfZ9XIxIR3qG0R89VpNI0yHy2k1x+O+jDOuzKVQ3a10YSFLWQUNL7BX4OADrDdGQ1tc4sSUxc/oWVg4CjEgIfwz6aKLk3wB6TOrvFE7oNnaOu+84RcQ+R1JHIvvJh0MdqELhInoVuP5JH0gXuuU+87y3esoZzoEjypvOiY6J7oMvRen/qov/gZwCMv0ZHJY6SBNVKnbSjUFa2Ni+TZl4wFTm4mkfS/uqmXc/c8WxvUWxvoT/IjPVm1RdQ5mTEmGHOVT7+LH100WqBjwBFIX21snuixbsRwX1PQR5EXRwGvCPo1OqEbwv85x0NkMjsnGNbud0O3TPwvTUL3mUD2MoaJ66gsdeymgdQRv6t76titdyAdyDvnGUMc5dXl5e4149958iSPuU59lCkeOXVfvQeVLZAXGnah7NBGQBshNBxrKF/7oJt/t17qOQjYQsowke+dZgsidgXalv7e9763tUGVxybQZnRHh9RrNJjU0MwvszSNqimTJtf9Dzu8nvaUp9YO221f45qm7b7bbrXn7nu0z9B30YKF7S+ytL9lOiDIC1pqh7HAN044v7bWa3vkUntDZxOmg/SvPEF+eBUf59o4A/rReZeuznM//ZxxUz6D9v1oEB1BV6kDO5v96LVCCyVjIXsw4W1ve9vq35cYJRBHxShGHarCKm7Q95MGOtg2aPE8YwhQaOmcHusH9BOigIFzipYYgmOBgdGX42Q2zT1bnCkX71p615cCco+w6S99Y/upd4n9DilnTD/5eRrvyBAeZYrrHGNGYILUrRtiLBHoDDTSUewR1M0F2p0QxYHWVk1tRfexAG31syq+kupdFu9bMErdt2qCptrNoHcOaEEOrLRaASVHtj77+I/tMgYHqz3eb/Lug/L0A5rKq6vENgTykFboDvyM5tx3rW76MdeDAs3wj9lg2/i1Df/K244D9LKrQf3UK4NB+GdTBNoEoVGXViPp5johGBlna0JogY76m96yQ4Bjx0Cyu8VOAbrIc+NMBue1wXMfbjLRaoYbD+E9E3sGTz8xQka9pkMexSePeG8QGO/oXZM5fnfZqxHaokz5e52EHDjv6sV1ybO2M6rUMzrYl0zlTbdL7x1ItLICjUZkS7x10WptiFHEAGG4mdBGr9Csx90H9F9bCO7sWQIY1/AXYz0Bb+a+eBm/wg9rC3guQT45CuQLb8rLtbKSxrX7ynXPkZyAozpk7OqWl7iO8hPHOYjbhXhCkPPE197kn7KSh3t5lvtJNxpkUi/5q4sJbzvwyDHdxB5jv1mM8G4m/bIu2WN/oxdaJG/QttDJUfn0qT499thjW0fDx6AyyQbyElffDII4hCYFjfu+hu/jq9romzTGfh8/c84OiuOl3NHSeOmS1R/o9QssUxsb9n6HHtraHX6G9OpGZ1rEeOlLXlIH3ute1fRkTW54b1mjWydNbOzT8aPvV/Xn8KMbfqav7RakP52rk35BE/2UwM4elM5bCtABv7AV0YZfw6fk63i/30dhycGgGBMHmKJQ4Sges3yE2AvvVgIZ8gzpKDBxRgpnjzUDvYTMiKCbczRHV8LG4DI74uNJlKatub5qyLHlmHFufdnNJ86dc8qsLGIu76ZlBYIyPProo1tnK4am8hxBmULqlPt3BukSN31NIWxuGNnWtEXbKG4GtvdzbSsnqN7Lti1afAa3nythpIpD+ZMBfeRjUAYcgw2D3Mwo2fGlVavAJjgYnuIzoD3TX5GjzQ3ogVcNusBBsfXJoOjjX1avvC6hndoonjTo3GPLROTKeMBg4AD76rhvDzAYfByF4WeSCe+Tgzh2a4M8ySV+YzSSS4YdPefjVJEvH/uIUS//QeVKOSYZvdfOmCPzQDfT2RxgOtC5YxyAhDXBM848oyC6mp6hK4y19DzHF51sH5M33ZO2jRbqida/+tWvWv0kb7s3uo5Cj00X6Z819ZP7gr4URo7vub++SLqEkRipy8lb8k9810mfuqxrDEha+XXzgeS1ptBFygtGPoc1pd1QSJ/y6D6gO/zspIkmRj7n12tuXinkIGYyb22IbRhaRFbdU46QiYLcp6/oVToru/RSp9RzENBHAvvUzjL2ZZxeOto3E+grH12l39SlW3fnG4rx41bbyfT6imbc4EAd+9nP1jdPOmn1q2uNDXxOY6dts+22tVNjl01uyly5fPW3Jtgf40bpBIemnF35aLf3zI1lnrHpPE8/obNxLbZ9j9U0FPAB+ukTPMKHsVU8fDIoBqZ2GCzGuc5UaUaLwZfAMvo5U55pVFfge6wf0Aw9g5xbPfSeru2rFGa+qMgZ4xz7sIBtzlZ6fXjINjlbaQVMxMj0c0e+1mxLL+fXfUpQmV2BHHm9PhiN4trcYGXdijrF5ucEzG76LWCDFuE12cDopuDRzzZf7zMwYN0jC2juR75NGpnhIleRkSgCA4WZ0UGN9LsL6KRNnFyDHzpQalb8DHTua2tXN+Afz3psudDHcQRjFBhL9Lut8X6ygr4z4JEB/CHeuiAOubPtzPv1nDjlmHmPQTfWvGUXBaPOZE53G3Lqrlw8HmMnYV160mSQ9PIRF328W+zoPX1fwrWzhyPsqF1oJu9BIH/BTLzXYzj4Wc1eH+irNdE4toP8Audd+e8xeuCThDtD9/nI0GPjAo/TBWjtPPIUvWSMpz84pL5+y34mz2RpXfLB5pA+uib6RTpHzphdaiYbXdMtQvLtxo3+WFeZ64K86F26Sb3YPRYJlGsCnKPvSM+knZ7xK0ZbNqd3aVMmm8lij4Ug7Tn4kENae5hNdeppp9b3v/e91jZZ5D3lSQ3dJjZ9MIAIoL/2gnZqi1cM7eyz043eRgtxtFX9+EnS9fg90Cd0RCd+jFf1TCoPOq4FA/0OMKSCmFUHGsAIlt89/Jd/+ZfWW/dp+byrJD6GMJDq9KTvMXpQGgwjNGVwZQaPkLnviPaUoriOGIrSpVgdKRlp9U0crK4g91gzKGl0QkurTWSAkqfYyAUD3nNbFv1us4kJP/VhMLAiLx2gN8GWn9UeH7pxncGoC/20ufUNuuAthi+64EU8a/KAcW+yxqCU9uJH7dfWsVJ4PTYthIfjlNq14vdzbR22RQ7P+MYE54vc4J+MNWvjCXx1wgkntIGxh4dsI/TdBA6qrfZ+XsVPvBmH5CVfenIQaI+JHbP92c6P3xlC8ucYdw0duleahDUhsiO+9Npk90RetaAr/FayVyysCmcCkzwNisijVWwT22RVXdxDV0Hfpf4xWDOmOIrf7a9MDLjnnA6Unv7MeY8eWzIyrtEPztlkdr+wEUxo+Y1acmMSz+QwuRNnXSBPQIbIpbzpV+OtX2Cw+8xPEvk5KXqWzvOalQl8H2si4xl7IfI9CLRRW7wWQgf6CSu6iax75pU7W4f9ZKby1V2ILhkNhlau3sp/zdy59brXva61q97y1re2vggdStd84uMfrysaWlj82aUpd0ZDY+0eHkD9WPmVv/orkw3u1TYTsW9605van/GxKKhu0aPBIO3d0pCxMbzj3DhKBtC0O56MFgPnoLN1mkqpkCMP3e+u2frpg0qZbTHgaRThygDdY3CEUTAF+hMsx8wqccRcYyJxKJ2sQFCKjp65Ly641/fP+gFvGyTIAXozSPE4I/yrX/1qe2513iDEiKQU9ZHtkNJEkN1zbqAzcaRvCLx8pO0qx82xb/AgJwCtBA5NvkZuW1ScD23zPDzYDwpbLrpyQwdx5PCCL59/8IMfbJ8ZAPEGXiAHeMi5QD7Il3NjkWfSmnG3y8I7Q5xe7xKbiPVbs1aClWecMtFkXFIO/hyU16S3TZhhSQ/QqcY67/TldxjFSYjMq//akPaCCaOvfe1r7TnZseNHWdr0k5/8pG0PnSSsK991QV5WR9CVvtIW9yLDMaz1kXHINcPStXj6BrQ1adwTV/3QPPVMHuL26LGlgxzgecfYAOTB+G8RyQQ5ubBrj91GvsnPukAPRo44lbZQe93q3/7t3+qf//mfW5vEJJ2JRXl6PYsMK4M+UqZypHc+qA6B6FivaJiAVC65p3+1lV7hFNLnAj0SXTFafTCuoam0tjuffdbZbdl2TDY3a3lDI3S2orisqZvxRdvFXzWgDoodo+7ayN7z85j6wG9SG+MSh20X2qTNg0A+6Ts8oGw8EF08sl2Ju6khNFE/tCInJhDsdrWSj1ZjgYHfAVbBCI1KGihVmPOF4bz87dpzHeCoYwjAWAhWj9V9gJ6MK4oU46BtaK5fcu2ZOIJ0nkkbIUga0K891g20C+1DOzxP+THGbe/x+XbK1+ynAeCTn/xkO8DZKs0R1BcGocgK2sc4dJ4+80zcyJKwOYFi0y4B36Ud2ukdRroBDbq00F5t77Flgg4yUJMhE3D4wEqF933wC8fLfXwA+EJccM+1ccc9eXmfnqGHp7wawgFmdMjXCotXDbz/6wN2Jmelj2xJn/NNCeSCHhA4mF//+tfbSTUTSJ6RJx/fsvJsZScTzIO2A00Ziujs/T3ON6hH6sRwFo9Rwnh1H+0TL7JL1uVDX7rPUJcm44+PN8YwT//26LGlInYZWXAkJ+SBHHsXOHJDNgQyTh8m/ppgFwiZYl/4PoBXjEyMmcgyuei7B165stJKX5gctJvEyiSdklXZyK6yB9Uj6gPebbYCqy3yVRZfIe8F+2Kye8pN+5U9mvKHVg3VUNMOuvKC88+vZzS2FvtrWqOvQP4zmnOvjSh7zu07UumpddF4bejSTD50GV33pS99qf24KVq7R0drqzgQPUhHdoN7AnRpkWeQo3FQWZxeOwfsqLLaj8bKTJ/KQxptzfWmBPUU1NHRRIn31E1m8CtN/GaMGQRj6gAjPuhIAuTac9eeGxhD+AhEj8ER4zFM0wX6o3lCl/nDXJDn4ouTPu2xbqCTPqBMurytTxh13vuwImQyyHOyYTbQqg1jlQGO7ox8MsLA7cqM+MnPPXmknza3PhqphJ2nXQYDA6NncX7BdY8tE3hb/5IdfS5YQTVgW6G1euGjfYxCBkNkxZExiHekN2FiQMQ/DEDbj20jNFBKb/bYh6/y7ptn+bBM+BHWx8C8O4A+xlN6QdsZUZx6k2oxWH1B1uq21QZxtElbBkHGDwaVSQUTd1YtOKnKl3/6EP05y3GI0zfS01ngPPRm7EurDO8D0om2uvs6qzb16LElIzqPnMQRMRnuS8V2gF1xxRWtPNNZ9BvZJ0eZeHJOngQyJA/wTKDnfISWTvTNF+8Tc3BdkzcTjGTZZKDXszjAZDoy6xi4HgSpJx0RvdDNX51i83TLzvVoMKFJR7/QM5decmmjV+7V7paZPLkpi35snvsIlm+0HHa/w9qxYHxDt3HjmzBh9LaVfshuJOWDa5MaPjhrks8OJe9iK1Nfa7txynvfzvVndKg8kleXNq6NV+Lqb3xhkoPDa1LjAx/4QLvdHZ/4/k+cYOnTNs+615sK0FDQRvXTh74XQyaM7ZxgPDMoxtQBdq5SKm5myewTwyWrwDpLPB0MmxrRN1ega2iqD8LQ+iHKMPdCc/EwP4FwTB/GyOr7ZsOAXlFYXVoTWrOvT3va09otkN6z8bEH74RQfH7+iNKTTnz9QIZCf3npD8+DxEuczQkj6+y629acb45t67HhYBgYG4ToKQM1o4yx5t03Bso3vvGNdjsz59iqJ5nw5XC6z8QRfjFxZAVSWiu7tvb5jXSz4OSOAfiKV7yi3vWud7UrEVZAlEsXhg9jXG6K/EefRzf76TpOMAeYM+oZB1/9OcD5EjR93pWrDQUac2hNPpjkszLvIy4cYnoK/T1n2CpDeeoQfaZeGV8Scl8aeTLyP/vZz9YXvvCFtu/85JU8e/TYkhEZgciFIyeY/rIqSY4Z/5wjv/ThlxPoOduFyTX55PRIl/zoM84Wu9tqq1VPsBPNN0fIMMfCNzc4E1aDfXWfjkweG2ssHsu81onhan/yyHhhIuDaa69pb8+/dX5t19heHFDfiDAG3P+I1Q7ihEZnouUgH8FCW3kI9KNrix3q4YOF9LJt6BZGOKv0OB1u4sNYFudZPP2QvDJ5APKlO7v6HR/YHmyy10e/9Lvy8vN1WW0WP6Cbpb1L+2U90R03+JG+K2WSVzv8RCK7eVAM7AB3hVglwTYp71996EMfagc3sw8EWUN0qjSE2vWmSPjNDWiKlhSf4ByTY6AIR5fOOfcsofvcdY8NQ2geOuZoGwrlawY2RiRF9aMf/aidjfQTYZRejx5bIzLIAZkRyJExghNk3CA3nGDji/fhTCSZCf785z9/h8Nr5dFzM+wMP4OlD1z50rrB3zZohoBBkyEhb3pTeQyUriEwUh9uCqDXYxAxehjBnGCO5Pe+973WmDLpzHBm0DK4tGFQh15aBof0VuQZicZ3r3bYEs0g5wynLOM6ZHaeoeaZfNDYShb9J51VKBMbVrjANkjOu/7S1h49tlaQFXLHafJTiVYKTeRZ0eOosqnJ1Uc/+tF2gp1D7D49QSfYqSENeSWrJpg4v+wPjvULXvCC1vYg02QzYUuy/caNG1+LGz3paGeJ3Xi/acYRPsmNjQ6yAm6buJVvu06m3z6R2mrKAdS/vjN+0WGca7rQuTGHreeVHn1Fb9p+TW/T1+6Z/NDvgr6gU7sTisYqOlVfyUs8fc6JPv7449st1sYF7za/4Q1vaBde9LF46d9uH7ftbcKmBnVS37Rbm4152mxSxzg3FnbzwA5wiEfodCiBE3SqWQirXH4aRufqSPE0CmNsioTfHBE6YmxME6xNmUmTdN1+WFuaHhsOg5b3F8xY+RAOvvcuIvmwVdMPwZOXHj22Rhi8jQuZuIsuch19xqH18Spblg1+DAyTSow/Yw7HiZFhhcO2P85wPhxH5nyQkZHDuGBAZAySj7K7ujAD7qYGqwJx2AUrBoxe9WXUcixtY/R+X74wqn1Cl64bihhzyqC7rBQpQ19YnafbTOYxwq0MxwDnpDO6wD39wkiz+sQuMDFo9YNRw/i0E4bzyziM89yjx9aKTMqBo3djOcOOdJpJIhN+xx57bDsJaFKQfJJVE3x2g5ArP4tJdulS11658iGm/BSh+3QDHSFsSRjXkM825ymNHkIHdENL9LL6u82cbdqJhAc1ttmsZsxAu5YeA9rA6Bk7OvrX0XjEkeMIW531DQrjGpgUpB8Fk4P60GStfOhTedCp+CL9JS8OvPdi8cFpp53W3req//znP799/Sc84X76GkYeNzWol7Eh58YS257xrolsvDsWGPhnkHSOzkVkHZJB2lYzW5rM4NvuadbJfXEM3mGKHj22ZFjd8M4HocX3YGumH2U3MPk4lkmiHj22RhgPwHjAUeoO8IJrY4uxggFgQJeGkeBnfziGr3rVq9rt0t4X5gRz0EwqZQA1U3yHcdPkzRCRjzxTlrJdO98UETqoL6ire9kux5Hn+GtrjC9IGzcGlK1OHF8r9Ohvm7pJCTrN75lbvafvOL3qkpVpxgyDnFHPuPEM0H9j1bdHj80FZDuywMaOTNBp9BdbwqSSn0oi81Zzyb/fDOY4+Tkjk0peJ+BMyQ/oCfmy05M/Oab/6MRNVf+NBkMrVt7xJeiVDQ19+dmiw+JFi2vJ0iU1q9FNFuamNO1uCNHSyTvAfjt44uTbt0KPAmiJruw7upkOlJd6ZPI1i4Hi6RuTgSYHbcm2rZ1j7OewjGsc5q5O1//GOZOO7Ev61SSxVX3xtUP/SpOxwaRiN4/w06YKtDK5amzAl9qg/rmfHVyDYuAVYB0bQYqhYvbd9igdY4bFcrwZmFRaQzb1DujRYyxAwXrXEO9TjJQeI9CqFWVFOfay0GNrBd43fmRMyHXuGU/AubEjjqwZfIab7YEmWQ36trYxEMlWd6tz0kTOMgYlgGc53xSRMTYInRg2DGA6xXk3Doy8HkvIO/XgyPpdZStLDD+OMKfY6rBdMJxiK7wm/EwGWp3wwR19E0Mw/dSjx9YOssDoN9nnHMgJnRabgZyRLc6P1U0rwnZ/0AOcI3rQs+hNR84Tec25QOY8p2udb0ydcVcC/cY1bVq1yi6jFbWqsb9mNrrS5Og9G3+EzuRcafPkhq5LG2dR29Gh1bfjR0cHDq08M86grb6Tp+CeECeYk8dO9A6wSUFjmHddTWj4xoP+BnGNeX5K03Zn29qtGNsV5bfzvR4kL/mmHGVro3aN7NdNuZ/VTb3VnxOvPdqNLp6ZAPJsUIzJFmgdQ5BUSOczOsxEWa7Ox380hgOgA0GDevTY0kEeoggB35MTg5T7PXpszTB+ZCB2zMCd+zEWGCXGD+fGGu+8mgX3YSuGAzn77//+79ZA5FxlpbHHxoPVFOM6o0vf6DsGeLare8fX6rCViZe97GWtTRCDLMZLJjhAHkL6vkePrRlxgKFrL9OB5ITdbdeF1xI4QWRNGo6THRfek7TwBORMIFdkL3mAa/lH7rYU2ZswcfVYMoHOaewtY4PjitsdxFWrGge5jYcev/9Zt0mTJ43a+YXQsC27yc9RGEnXtqzbbcOce1/Xqr26+ICqvuTsGd9sd/ZtCztqbXf2jrfXS1/zmte0Plb61XFNfZi6ren5pgL1QwNHdLGL8o1vfGP9+7//ezu5jefRZlAMPN1KiFRU6A5mZuV95McMVAY2naPSOjvC16PHlgy8TogppRh+EW6DW1dmevTo8YcgK8YNcpIxwzn5MdFKvhiCnDFfV/eMnEnXY+OCIYL+ZuhjeOkL5wxvDq+tmSYp2ALuW7XqGvWMG0G/yUf6Hj22dpAHk+Td90Dj4EQXepeVzvP+KFgptNOCI5w4XTubE0Xm5EE/cgjzekj07JamN4eb9gw3TWrc/zv+pk2f1jrHU22vbWjAAeYJ5/6g6NJx5LEL90bel5Zj63sOJnr9jr3vV5hA5AC+9a1vbVf3fd35wx/+cPuqKV/LwqIxcUsBfo+NjIf5jVbJ8bgVfGPGWGBgB5igCSPPVZrACRohONeoO+v4Hj22RBBUBjnFBpGRGH+9HPTosWbEiOsacgw3g2F+XcC17bS2jxkoMwb12LhgpBjT0Tv6jdHmHa0YYxxexpk4+snKvIkL8d1Lv9KHQozxHj22ZkQGyAhHOJN6kRuyQtZ8kd3XjYGj5GObHGOyyb4QT3xpnUsfWQ1yr5e7ux/0qS3QdjF95CMfaX9Jx/cSfC3aZIfdNH7a753vfGc73tG1Jg7twqE7txQYF/ArPtZG4wjH1xji9Sev2Y4FBnaAVVLoCg+B81K33y7zSW7PBB0r9OixtSC836NHjw2HscQg2JUjhl22inGE3Tc4Pu95z2vfCWYsdh3mHhsHaMzoQu9MbltR0hfuu/ZMf+nHIH3TdaDZEInXjdujR48/BGeVvEQ3cgYsMJn88/E5q8AJ7vfytPmA3uTkOXqH28/3Cb4a/YQnPKFe+cpXtjtqTCSCXzYQ3yQjXthSoP341tieXQp+yspuB+fGirHAwA6wQU5FCV+8dt66mYsXvvCF7W8x+hiW+zpNPI2SrjdSevTo0aPHmhCn1/jB8DPIG2+8a8rRMo5wosAvDXj/VDz3e2xcZGeLvrGqyygxpscQc231Sl8wxN13T9CvMcxj6MirR48eawcZIzMcHx9JsvvFeWQrcml1mGNEPoFdHl3ZY9MEPai/LBRa2Te5oT/1r+2/zvW9/hX8/N2WuAKMDl1eNoZov58Bg7Hi4zFZATawxTBRWZXjreeaEBLaDHoa41zo0aNHjx497gwZ6AUw2BtLDIaZ9TZQcrDEiQGR+D02HtA5Y3qCe4w19Ld1Tf8wzOIgQ+K6HwPHtaN7vV3Qo8e6YQLQL6zY+mwnDBlie/sitMlAq8Fdp4j8kc8emzb0o1VP31HwDrixzXZ3ejEOsDEwfcmfcr0lQpuNIfj7mGOOqa985SvtT3/h8bHAwFaCyoGKmu3VWZxfnefDFz7NTRDjAOu0DHo9evTo0aPH2pCxoutcObebKB/CypjCyMuWqR53L9bkyK7pfo8ePdYN+o4M0X9HHnlku+vF7so4Quzuxz72sXXAAQe0+hI4Tc57vbhpI46sccz5vHnz2g88Guf86sEVV1xxx2Rh+tTYJ27SbgnQFhPcdi1Y5cbbdjr4mT0fCSMDY4GBvVACpbPMPHGGdQjBe/vb314nnXRSPec5z2k/VJLZX9Bx/Rcfe/To0aPH+iITqHGgGAFxjrtOVe9gbTrQF31/9OgxtogTxCnwHii96NoilJ/NsTU6P09G/tjaVhE5Ej02Xegfjh//SH/ynbzuw88ysWvSw/30K7/KMyFj4ZYAbePY8ye12/vsn/vc5+oNb3hDHXfcce3PIo0FxoRiiE8g47XrRNcaoIN0jGuhHxB79OjRo0ePLRsZ6/sxv0ePsQNnlo0tZEKQ7e1cYGezu7Po5Fm/2LR5QJ9lVRf0pa8e+7K3VX739aU+704Gb2mwoKrt2hhePuecc+qLX/xi+2Flz8YCY+IAE0Sdls7TKWeccUZb2Z///Oet904IxXMEcbekGYsePXr06NGjxx+iO873jnCPHoMhDjBZEmJTR7ZckzkrZ+xszoJFqi3tQ0lbCziBoH+dd/Wpvh0rZ3BTQpxevC54F9pquAkA7Q9NBsXAHmhmotIJVoAvvfTS+tSnPtX+aPPJJ5/cfgyD4BFMQVyN2hI7biTWt43iJeQ6tMo9cK87kZB4iZt7ZlASJ+jm1RsiPXr06NFjY2PkWNOPPT16jB5ZaOLQxiEiU7HvuvcE1+zvXu42T+i/9F33fEuGNvJz+InAr/T+s+B8rGgwJkuwKhnHjKB5Ydv7Bl5e9hlv9zNrQUB9KEsj0ri1oevYBXGePeu+S6wcjl/uddPmPJ+CR0DBvcRxLa18ci3Iq3sP5BfIT5tsU5DeedLoMC+xQ/JL3e+s3Nx3nnYkPrhWnudxcvNcSLs9R+M8B+UkTu716NGjR48eY42Mld1xD/qxp0ePHj3WD13fKZMbgXtboj7lpxgzrPhqn4+BmfTZb7/9Wv/FruKxwJg4wHEqOb0qDpxAzjAnLPd1XBq2PtsxNDzOmhDnTVlxDgN5unbf8y5TZAAW1EE89ROSt3oK4DoOZOoubRxUQdrUQZ6CLSd5Lr72eYE9v30sX/ETpxvUOeWDe8lf2qTDECYYwMq6dMqWt/PEU3bo7Z7nqYO6a4vzHj169OjRY6xhfMnqk/OMU/2406NHjx7rh+6qb3wNiC7dEvVpfK20mx/1pje9qX70ox/Vu971rtpnn33a+4NiYAfY4MYhc7Q1Q2dxxDiDnDW/VcZzTyd5nv3dadyagADdDo8zF4cQ5OdcUAdl+hJe6sGpTBoh9ZCn+wjtKJ78pVc3eaVNaVfqIU0cSHmK55kj5zL15sB63i3Ls6QD1+4rN3GSZ9ohfeKLI437SZtj0iV/dBfPtXS5nzTgXo8ePXr06DGWMBaCMcZYmLGmH3N69OjRY/3AhofY71sD+FwQvwb4M7Nnz77DxxkLjMkKcBw0FVQ555aq73vf+9ZBBx3UOsEcLvfFBedp2JrguXQcWdBon7+++uqr69prr63zzz+/fvKTn9SvfvWrdpsxRhGSr7LCPHEuXXcd3DiGzj3L6qg8klcYLyuszjmncVC7iAMtzjXXXFO/+MUv2uV7cE+dUra0gnvSmTRwX7zU1TU4iseQiGONGaQDx6SVTp3lAc5tRRecq5+8xBV69OjRo0ePsYRx37iUMct4ZPxJ6NGjR48eawY9GVudL9TVm1uyDo2/Blmsg0WLFrW+np25Y4FxTeYDU1EFVRg4YTrG+786Ls5mHK04XZxJz0c6kF2IF4dU3EsuuaS+9rWvtc6vbcU333xz3XTTTbX//vvX05/+9NbhVp76SCuNc+lDTHURJ+WmHuqcuiWte4JzUJeci9Otu/xH3vvOd75T3/3ud+uP/uiP6pGPfGR7T5yge5465+jdYeXd8573bNuqHmjsuXbfeOON7ZfR/A4c4+Kyyy5r4+2+++5tuquuuqpdmd91113bNp577rntfRMSfjeuW3aPHlsiItM9evS463HxxRe3463fJDVudo0a99c29vfo0aPH1gY2S44CHflf//Vf9eEPf7j1I/7qr/6qtfE94wvQq2ycpNuS7J34lGjgnd9vfetbddppp9W9733veupTn1p77bVX+3wQDLwCbOuwgPBZ+cyKbVZDdVKCThO6TumagADSxKm+8MIL68QTT6yzzjqrzWO33XarAw88sD16p1jZgjTShoCpmyAvz8FzdVV/QGhBfO81WzH1TDzlhckCDiXnM89ca1PamBVgx8DzzIgrWzxQnrLkI1jl/vGPf9w6toknf88YFp/5zGdaB9sEgBkRjraVcHX1O1mf/exn6wc/+EGbr9mSX//61/W9732v/U2xIGX12LSRfkpf3Vm/jbwXngycu4f/TE7hv6RxD4+Fdx1znpD03Wv54NPrrrvuDt6Vj1k6AS8mr8iGOM4pNGkiB7kvDvlzX/7ipC7Jxz3H5N9N5yiA50KPHj3uenB8TeACmSTjxt/uGNyjR48ePVaDncNmoR/5InRmfCh2j+/+sHfcBzaP4LnjloTYfLE3+T1f+cpX6pe//OWY2XUDj0K2PWfrro7hbHEcL7/88nbF1tG1ztGIkR23Nmi4oHMFRrHrhz/84e1MyFve8pZ685vfXM9//vNbR1hdxPEzTH40+YYbbmjL6L4THOZioHdXqcNAnmuH9lhRlVabfOFZ3eWTOPL/3e9+1z5zz3OGvfaqB+fTffmqtzTK9ZzTGgfbs5QtD+c6/oILLmhXbsUL5KFMv7PM8ZA2zkLSWj02U4IG6q7M8847r374wx+2z5QjxCjpMRj0gb4moCYtTj311Dr99NProosuammvj/UDekeg099x8CAKDp/GIU1aR0GaPHcuL0Fc10GuxcMfrgU8iw8oEXVOvOQjvvLcw2vKTFkJoP7k7OMf/3h9/etfb3ckpO7Zli9uJpW6bRCHXJGxTEoF8o2cm9QC9cCn4kWWxXON7+kZsqAt4Fn42nmPHj3uekQOybsAZJfc9nLZo0ePHn8I+pFNxP5hK9ntyYYEdlAWyjyH6NEtzY5nO2obW9KRb2fHq3O+GjtwLDDhbW9729tvPx8VDGyIr+NU2jkH7ZOf/GR95CMfad/Z3XfffWv77be/o9PE1Yg4nWuCeCBf5XD6vv/979chhxzSbilmIMsDccTl3DHGv/GNb7QOoFVPjqZ4AofSFupTTjmlXT39+c9/3tbXCq0V1G9/+9v105/+tDXsGeyeydPKqa+PzZ07t2bNmtWWhyml41DoDPljXAwrrXMOqDhHHnlk+040Yz2Ob5zgOAP5sjMaaRNHWnuVI633qdDKtfeebQN//OMfX/e///3bfNTZduc99tijdbyktTX8oQ99aEsbThkH7WEPe1i7DTpOhnqurQ96rBv45Mwzz6z3vve9ddxxx7W8h09NjOy9997tlnP9ho8Zfxw11+lrPJBn+krf6xPP5Y23PKf43E8eztN/3SBN5ItTKh0ekx8+UUc8Q47wMihXXtKK7xj5A3WUd+AZOeIA4018RlbIT/gZj1khRgtyQYGZ0Dn77LPbySVtsGsBLbRRnnZ5kGG022WXXe6oQ+qWtrmvnj/72c/aXRbK22GHHe4wrhNXvG69e/TocdeA3JFVIIeC6+i1Xi579OjR4/dgZwnsmDh/bCi+B1uSzbbtttveYefQp3QpnQpbik6Njac9AluR3ciPsfX5UY96VGt3DoqBV4AZpjpDB2R2QmV1mlUmTqfVIZ2qoyCDXwbHNSHxxYuTqSwONqP6//7v/+oLX/hCawS7d/LJJ7cGOEfwQQ96UGtwc17tHbdCZEvwpz71qdYIRzwGs9VrRneW1ZXBcX3nO99Z//AP/9A6ypwF24r/+7//u7785S+37bT1mPGvPHlxJNz/4Ac/WK94xStah0i7bWHm7Jq94WTbz//Vr361Pve5z9VrXvOaeve73906rHFoYiBwZH3kinGfbdCecWIxwv3ud7864ogj7jAqgMPhHI30C6eAEGkT+sk/8dMHQo/BoL/wn0mJxz72sfVv//ZvrTN89NFHt7wI+AyPRLFxANFeP+gP/eK+ftLv7uPH9JX7QlZlk0bZeAPvCZEzR3HxADmIjLpnIga/ZeIoZTmmDuEj546eS+8+cFDJhDQmWrbbbrvWcSfvPvqmvdroXfRvfvObreNt8shzDvhvfvObVkeQLzwdhxi/C/JV98i8Z8p3BLRzzXmW3k4T/C9d6Jp4PXr0uOsRfRPdErjfve7Ro0ePHqt1Y2wd9gybUuBvuGchkd3GDottw9bLgtaWBO3RNuOHo2u2sQkAdupYYGAH2ECmYgKjl7Ed45txfa973aududBZKq3jrJCKsz6QLwII8pCnVWVfgGaA29rL+OXE2nbqvaOXv/zlrRP6F3/xF+3qM+fESqwVKitiD3jAA+pP//RP2xepra6qi/eIn/vc59af/MmftHVmuHMUrGy96EUvaldbtUk+6sHYly+ng5OADhxdzItJOQQ6i2Gv3RzSpz3tae22bdu3X/ziF7czGd7J5WCLI391QSPOwuGHH946O1Zz40RzuDkOPvjl/SrlSqNctCEcyoIIhWfO1TWre+KI32NwoD/6+q2yhzzkIfXgBz+4nZzQh3hdoMS8u553ta2Ior9+T3o8bGLHxElkBa/pezsNIlP6WBq8g/flHx4DTiE+1+/6Wh7SkiFHPKA8xxineF25JoriIHsefsHj8hE848DaevzABz6wbbPn6qCdJp1M2qib9pIVtElbySE58gE3dVautqKLd/zV36p5t47KFJcz7D56yMNzDrc83Q/wfdou9OjR464FWTWBlTGJHJJJOqwfe3r06NHjD8FGMvEf25DvxC+xUPaSl7yk9SvcB7pU6No6Wwq0iV3LZ2H7sQ8PPfTQ1qd7xjOe0S5ejgUGdoAZ1AxPRxUFjrAKWsXkkHY7DdZ3ANShYQQGtvwRxFfQ/viP/7hdYXvpS1/aOqnKZ7xzOLM0rg477rhjm86KFcPac/WSBwdS3TjtnFHMJg0HVnlmGqzgaQ+mdNQRjHgMZ3B3VLa6qqdzDjqjP04DI106hjonnRNr1ZqDoF4cHEa++IwG+bu2VVkdrU5zyKXnWLinrl0BAGWgVwyN1DNOTs5hffugx7qh3/GGvud4orN+xEd4xE6Fl73sZe3EzF//9V+3kyxPetKT2g+VcTZtr3/1q19dz372s+tv//Zv2y3unLsvfelL7Y9+S2Oy5pnPfGa9//3vb/nBu8ZWmt/2tre16ZWt//ES3rLLIXXT55xv8cgqYzTOIt70qsCnP/3p+s///M/26NUFrzBwyLUFf8lHUIa00mQiJrxIpvxAuTqYseTQqqcVYpM5FBoZlB/5IKfikxe7IKzken6f+9yn3f5MHgQGtKAMPI2/yS3ZNMGlXmTfs0BcoUePHj169OjRY1MH24aNxWdhm7GVsqPVwhx7Eth0gvhszdhmWwq0hc9lEdG5Nnp982/+5m/qMY95zB2LPYNiYIqpWJwuBihD3KrqMccc076L++d//udtQzwHRqn469tZ4mMGRndWMDmm+cLkAQcc0BreyhDEE+SvTA6m1bbcT7zUp+scSuM6hjem6s5eM+A5ONooj7zXzODnyLhnJdnRNWMeYqB/6EMfah0cjov3HDkBypOffNBSPdxTJqfcx720wWofp8ORg8CJB7SUHl0yARGBUHftkGfuOYL2hAY9BgM66gOTE9n2b2dCHDsr+PrSLJ4tv//6r//aKjL3TWzY8iue2S0y4ye9rKL+3d/9XX3xi19s+9wkDf7nmHKITzjhhHbngJXQrADrZ5MkPnIlPScaL4lj675t98rDW3hDGjKLN62g5oviHGXb+61G42M8o43iunaUJ740oaRcvGdFF/9bHbbVXx3Ip/Z4Fn6UH8Xm6Ln6HH/88e3qr/wOO+ywlj7aLZ/HPe5x7eyfbf8mAXwJkLyYdKADrLSTpfB/l7fVTejRo0ePHj169NhUwa5hX7FZ2Gfse+fuByNtGnFi128p0D72nOCcHeucDcwG5e+MBcZkBZijx3lk1DJyOYCcUg6ijtFBQYzT9XGANVzcECBOHWYIQRzlZcukVSGGOUNemVldNYPCKbe6q47SqDc4j3PdrZuj+witDQxy7Ypz7Nx9z9WLg8IRkVZZHJ6sQDPUbQ0V941vfGP7IS7OkG3VYXLlYXxHDoF7nIGDDz64dR6sjnmvGPwOlnagA9qoh3zAPXSRl/prH6i//NAvtJe2x9gAXdHcau9f/uVf1jve8Y72nXMroHiNE+jDbfqSIyfoG31ttTM/6WVyR3z3rW6+/vWvb99t5xhzfG3fz+/BPeEJT2j5xRZivIdn9LO66Gt5uRf5iTzJH78L4vqquq356vza1772ju35ZClyEgWc9JSQvDmf6oqnXKuzyRm86l16zqzVXzwqLTmVd3SDFWB1RTcTAXY9iC8eGcPn4pADcqUsspTJJWnlpX3orw5AHshpdEWPHj169OjRo8emCnYUuyg2FZst95zHhmPbsHFcb4nQRracgBbsPd9g8vEri6sWd8YCAzvADG5bGVWSw8UQd+R82iJpRSkdF2gcozRG9bogbx3uqNPjwEkvuGYoM4atvFkhsuL1iU98ol1ZYzh7pm5Wg63ixlBWL+fqFCZjSMuX88y5YPBrU1Z6nccJtspn5c/R1tWTTjqp/eBPHGf5SZ96OnffUd7yEDwLPZynDhwC9bdaqG25Bs/VhYPN2ZEv51fZ6qm+nmubMtAA/VwH3X7pMTroL7Q30eLdciv8Vm+9H8tZs8JqckYf4GFOo3O8qI/0QZ5xSvW9Ix7xTN4CWOGVnpOp3/U3fgbp5JfJFsAj4VXAA97HzQRVFKl4JlnsMsA72kQulKUOynEtvnIEck/u1C3xTfhw8q3IaoN2S0sf4DuKTP1MUjmXn3Yon7Nsa7j09IO62i5u58Sxxx7bbs1+xCMe0T4LPdRNWnRBZ+2O7CgvoUePHj169OjRo8emDXadwNbLQo0Fxdh3FkjGAgM7wAxNFWUAM6RVlAP4vve9r92v7aeFsiIJMUg1zP21IQSIwW27ow/ucAAZwPJRPgIxxBnHiMQBZjD7mSMGuNUjeTH8raBZbUu9Ge1W4KzgMsg5E9IcddRR7Qptysp2U2m0UznqY5XLaq622sLJiVFX9QaGfxxdhj4Hw0qXrbLOdaSy1QccpdfR6KOu3qFk4HNmbQXVjjCC+qBD6CGNvuDcoIlzTpH4HBbtTZyU1WNwoC/+0TdWME1U6AMOISfS5Au6ozmnT7/jB/2XSSJp8YK+0Z/6myMZ3pA+jiM+UyZZ8zE2/KZvOc3ikUP9D+7Ji5w4Ssu5FF8e3tX1dfSPfexj7SwbPjapI7444WVwnbzwm7qquzjuq5/yvBcMJqDcE09aaQR1i3MtkClbnpUrH3xpco382Irti+lkjNzIS/3RRZAXusmDnEUOIHF69OjRo0ePHj16bNqIbQlsOTYhG5o9yA/Los+gGNgBVrmsVDGCBc4aJ89XYhnruc8Q1bD1hTwh6Tivtn4+8YlPbA1gBBI841BwWF/5yle2X0t73vOe175/7MND3pnlXLzgBS+o//f//l/7W1qMcYHR7AVz21OzGiX+q171qvZrY1ll8+K193b/6Z/+qXVqtMc9P5fkK21PfvKT262vHAjbVhnv3lO2pVS9rNjZuoxWPoIlT1tN1dGHhNRF+RwXgXOgbo5+R9i7j49+9KPbbbIx8tFFHGVxkjnL7nPan/Oc57QfBxNXHA6Zn+hRD3VXvrhCj8GATzmEnFXI6iTe1KfkwQ4B/SC4rw/cyxeQyQmnT5+65qSKixdcKyP8Kehz1/g626YpCPcEeUkHkSPX+l2Z2dlg1dTPhHk32QSJ9219rdyXrONkhk/kg08hPJS2em5F204F8XzUy9ZqzrX3jtVZGnUD7aXUpOHAvu51r2v5lYOLLsrxXrLVdO9Gexea4lOmCR1HkAe6awdHW331BVqANocOPXr06NGjR48ePTZdsCHZcuxA9mF2R7rH9mUbjwUGtgxjYDKmrSapYM4ZqQxURi9DPs6WYwz8tUG+DGxp5WFl1uqadwLdj9MYJw+hrBAfffTR9fznP791PO9///u3TqTgK2ocQfFSb4HzbNulPOUjru2s7itDHM6B9xut/LqnTE6nL5Mpx1d6rc5Kp0zOri2dVqU5nfJ81rOe1W7n9B4wJ52zzonWoWtbiZWXuJx5746Kr3xt51SoGyde2zzj4HPKORRoZ4Wbg86xQTvQR9oRB6bH6EFY0RkPcUj1S5xFK6H4zfvAVvw5fs6tauJnExp4AzJZJB35sRVZPuQlvOlIxgTyJbgfBxUv4FszZHkf3pZjDm/ScTo55crgPDrHTyZ88Jj3LDjVZBefyF+67rV2SkM28G4cUWXaXo2v5cMR9VEuDiqor3jaqn0+GMbhxbscbs74//7v/7Zx1Fl++N970IJJI/RUpvaqgzarE7pB9EyPHj3GBmTtzgJ9RTd0zxMfoje645tn7mcSK9e5l7Q9evTo0WPrgzHAmGFMYc+xr/l+Fib5dmztscDADnAMc0Y/A5ZjG4Nd5RnZmxPUPY5hN2iXo+cG6nQK49tWVw4DeBbHmTPqXFqdKY2VMAYBx0AcHe18bXSSDm05TBwOTgjE6HdUhrxiTKR8BoV+UD+OsDqnjY5Cj8Fh4sNkB4cW9IM+8ZVjExFe2rdV3u4AP13kN6xNZkhnUsXkCaEmR/pEWv2q/7KaqT8zeaOPzYhxLB2lw1v62c4D5X3mM59pP57lQ1ycTI42fuW8OqqjMmwfVo4VVw6p+H42CZ/F6QVlCngIL6qX9/zxl/RWZtXR6jH+8rErzvBxxx3XfuRKu8gQmdBuzrnJAA65SSIOM2fXqwvaJS9p1NfrBsryhWl1cl+Z5Eo8ux/szHBf/dADIg89emwowjsbyj/hyxzlI5CTLj/iY5NA4rnnCHhY3IwZIN3I827IfXl6pcJRekf6wXnqJMhfmamXeMnXNZl3Da6NT9InbvKgA9wXN/mHZslb2oxv7qWt4kPiQp736NGjR4+tF8YiY4ExxLhgJ+yb3/zmdrExY96gmNAY42+//XzUULkYy1aevMdn+zND1IeAbF3enBCjQuBs5Mioj/OhzTEmusFzgWFj0GfwpxOld+6+OFkp5Oyg1ZogTuoTZuC4OAryVTYoTxzX8oXEyXnakmv59hg9QkOOrF0B6Vc01q9Wga3KAxmxE8HWd1+GtoIpDgfPDgNp9I/8OKn5InIM0tzjLHsfwsQIx1FakJd4+SkmdckkTXYmMDzVydZ7DjN+tFWZ3EonqJfdDd6fVyf8BuEvzqg0nE/x1Nk7vFZ2vU6gXsqVltMqP2WfffbZbf4cYFujfTjO6q80HHH6w0o5Z156zrhyvOfsvp9o4uiaVFCnuXPntivDjvkGgPqFp5XvvOfxHhsCPETm6FHn4SOy5RrCU+7lPv0uDRkjE67Df12+zLXn0dPgfvIToHuevEBa93PtPHmSH3Umr4LzblA3IemSF4dWfp5xnOUnPSRN6uA+Gcw9R3kH3faJ6zmgj7LcS90h154lbo8ePXr02PqQccCYYlwwHrEv2ZLGlrEYI8Y1A9TA+41UVFBJAx7nz7ZKxjHjXYU3J3QH5ZHQPsQXpzvYg3ueGeB1jpCOMrg7z8AfmgmZCc+q1UiIkzKdhyE4U+4zQhylV79u+YmfssRTPjhPvB6DgRPJeIzhidbo2u0Pzh2ai6PP8sx59yit/pWnuOlnhqTnnEs8Y8VVPDLmuWccYPetAMvPSq2VX4pDvRj1vvbsnhVavGCLtK3HjsrgiFqRtl2esxkeyYSOcxNc//M//9PKuhVtZWU1mnNN5tVHXTjG0lkNvvzyy9vvA3Dirdp6ztFVT23g7HJ0vT7AYfZBrve85z1tOZxxTq6ff1J3beVE+4CXFe63vvWt7UQCyEtQLjqPlNUePdYE8hc5xOt5xxwfkR+yhF9NQpEVvCU+fnOe68h4+M9z+UWPO+ZcHM/EcQ6uE8SBLl+Hp11H1s4999x2HCBfnqtD8kx5kHOBfhG0RTkC/SLQNdoskGnP0tbIuHP5RF+pr/vKlM4zsioe/ZLxzn3QFvmqb8rPsx49evTosXXBGGC8cDRmWOyx0PG9732v/QaU1zmNG4NiYAfYQGdAy2DvXIVV3j0wIG5OWNfg2zVQRiLGAuc/Ro/44nIOIE6NeAwD5+jGkbkzeBZDQj5ZYczWWHTWD7nv3FH54ivfvRgaOcYg6Y2NsYF+ZATqBzRG1xipzj3DA3GAA8/0kT4BfS29vunC84Ru3yWdo35WZngv1/KXp6MgrXLwFiO3y6eO0iTv1E9c59JyAr70pS+17+t6t13gVIsvbXism95RHviWfKBBngvguRD6qb+6CeqmrvLy3DMrwn7uzLbrP/uzP2vzlWfyQeuU0aPH+iL8glftUsBjturjKVuM7Wr64z/+4/aY118gcoM3w8fkxXnkCi8nf+fiREa78oDfwb2EyIP4Qu6BySWvPXDMX/jCF7avS3BS5SuvlClN4Bk9IA/1sNOCjjI5ZTxyTxwGSL7mLr7nZE1dxKf77ArJNw+8u49OaOPa5JqJBLs90MNzZSnD7hXlpD6hSY8ePXr02DqR8VCweGShw0eIfeD3Ax/4QGsLDoqBPVNGPcPAAGjQYvwb7A14F1544Zj9YPFdBcRG+JEhHSEwJAzSjAbXjlaohDyHxAH3GCP54JFrtOIEuGdFYU1AV8YGZ1kaaRkiSc+gyAx74sd4isGlHu7lmXq6n7r2GBz6Is4tuqcPAL3dt8qiv7oIz4gv6Ev95H43QOIlj9wHz9xP/zqmLu57nnNIfRM3vOEYvsjRffwmrfjiWCG2rdo9+cpP8AxS15SbPKz4dvm4W5a88Hrq4CjP1DmyyDGxKscw9/7wEUcc0eYZeZMvMNaFHj02BPgMLxnf7C7wOgF9aRcCJw6v4UHOH/4y/rkW37n0mfCSD551FAfwtnuRvQT8LpAXcQR5KcNzskA/kAfPQF3IjEkpX1HnCCcvcZJXkHxBneQtD7J02mmntYaGXyoItP/jH/94veUtb6lPf/rT7c+Rffe7323LUwa6+NCdX0Dw/r5r3xPw5XZHxov4fpvfqwroYqVafN8AyLgpnaP29ujRo0ePrRcZp/iTxjy7/tirxiljz1hgYAdYhfLlW4Ouwdag99GPfrT+4R/+ob761a/eHnPzgQG4GzIo5xxiQDhqs/Y7MgjQxGCegZ2xEgMneYnHmGGAiLs2SJN4zlMH+cojjJL8nccRyTkGUj9xwDFORY+xAVqjOdqmT7pwnWebO7TTFuVXvOIV7ZYU/A/hzdGgmza0EiJf+QAYOHKkvX/80pe+tP2gGLliXDtKg++7Mtujx/qAnuW4clbxD91p4uqP/uiP2p/l4ri94x3vqCc96Ul3/KwcJ9GrBRxlE7+cSvwKVkIN2I5WUeWHv5O/rcscQ+MFvsav7plElnfGipH62306XHxGgjLlzwE32Sq+Z8rJF+Hlqy5x0qXnPIM6GWdOPfXU9uN54ovjdaZ8FM8rEd7h5/DKy3N193v/fvNbfVMPX7r3JXcrv2ji1QbGC3CKOesmyNVRPtrQy2qPHj169OjC2BR/Jn7QWGBgBzgVMqAxPp1bmbE18ZRTTmk/rLM5QXsYF2sKngPjIgYG6ByGjTjuMSwYQAx3190OS9p0ajefO4M8GUDy7NYh+SatfOQnDojnmeuRzq574vbosSFgqDKS8ZaJHlseGcWA1zwfKygjAb+G152TB0a+j1758jbZ84z+UYfEcd+xR4/1BT2KtzKpw2E0qcuBxU+e4X3ndj9ZxfzP//zP9ifuOMef/OQn6/jjj2+3BOPFn/3sZ+2rAn5HnlPovXXOn1XR008/vV0p/Y//+I/62te+1r5b76NxJ510UvuKAceRs4qfHW0b5mR7r56jSRY5kZxP9XQP6HsOpcA59269dPIXn1PqmXwF55x8v4FP3qzQiseBtSpsfDcB4GN13i+2Ldx9Y76yL7300nY3iJ0Y6iQ/9ZE3uUxd0c64o37ucb7REjImStOjR48ePbZeGAvAOGw8MdFq3LL1eSy2P8OYjDQGs8w4gwHMYOd+BrfNCTG6E3r06PF7MOoZtWScAZzVpEERB7eLyKD7lKAyYyArM/fA/ZETPdJGL/Xosb6g9idNmti+njJn9jbNtY/F3VC//e0ldfllV9S1182tRYvn15k//3F97vOfqXPOPbuGhn0LY0LNvfKq+vCH/qM+9YlP1u8ax/m0U1dvKz7/ggtq/m23tuGnZ/6sPvxf/1n/c/wX6kc/+0n98Kc/rv894Yvtzimrr5xqH/zgDHMY8bGJ5f/6r/9qtyPjaXwfB/X9739/u7pqMkr8bBM74YQT6nnPe177fvyLXvSi9ne0vUNllZcDyqm3kisNZ/ThD394u82ZI5yfHfPxEQbHU57ylHb79+te97qWLmeeeWbr+HLGyaIdISZ9I68mCOQrZKu4fMgsnaGO4iW+eGS4d4B79OjRY+uGMcG4YqwTfET1uc99bjsO8TfHAgOPNKkkw9PAZTCz4mIwy7FHjx5bBuJQxlC14grk3LOxMl7ltaYA9E4ccAY1qEO2c6ZeIG6PrRDDDa8IlUlMfDDUXK7sBHwS/lgdf2hoVS1bvqBWrlpaw030yZNm1oypO9ZJ3zi1/vkd/14f+9gn6/++/D91482X10/P+G6dd8HP6wUvfEZ94IPvrne84x/qNX/11zW+yfLb3/xmXTf3mrr5pptq8cKF9aAHHVmPOuqo2uYe29aiJUvq8it/Vzvuuks9/JGPrAc97KE1r3FmrQz7yTI/m0aWOLjkDQ9zIs8555zWKQ3Pe2Z1NivAZsiNu9l95CNdr3rVq9qPh1iFfs1rXtNuT7aFmUNqgppTKg2ZUQY58uyNb3xjvfa1r22/2r7ffvu1+ZE336uw9dsK9b/+67+2q8V+is0KsThklLOujuwCdXSPvILzTFSxHSLTPXr06NGjBxjzMjaYTH3IQx5Sr3/969txZqzGjIGtVQOYgTPOr0p7WdmMs8HzMY95zO0xe/TosbmDnGeyi7PJcGb0OpL/sXKAA3kmX4Y5Y9rqEWNamepAOcbJjWJkwAP9FGehx9aM9R8wh4eGa8VK76Ou/u7DosUL65Zb59eq4ZXtfe/mWh29+eb5TbilZs+aU4cect/GkfTV5Zm1W+Mc+kAcvpw9a3bNmDa99tpzr3rMUY9p4h3a1GRczZk9p/bdZ9/6s5ceXS/60xfWc5717JaXyZJ36p/85Ce3X0fO+MrJjSPpHn7H/8ogj2SCfHBuIU7snnvu2eb3zGc+s92i7DfI5SsNuSBX0kbOlO/5ox/96HZ7N2f8ne98Z/393/9961Sri1Xgv/3bv22d4q985Sutg+z3z33R2apuZJCMalN0grSeRZa1YaTcQu716NGjR4+tE8YJIa/Wmng1ftl9lDFlUAyci0HZYJrBDWzDslRt5tnPk/To0WPLATkXIvuMWQppUMM1+UaPQIzk5K0chr8yU4cgcdQpTrE4rnts7cAb6wqrMVxWhRfUxEnLG4d3Uc274cpauPDmevCRR9Qxf/uG9mvIz37W82vmjO3rxhsW1zZz7ln77n1oTZ4wu6ZMmllTGv68970OqmlTptaSxUtqxvTptfdee9ecObNruBknJ46fUHMax3h683zVipW1dMmSmjJxUq1c/vuf7sLjtnlZ1Q2yghqZw99WbDm9xl/Oqvd4ObHkwsqu9N/5znfqve99b/t72t/85jdbx5YTTZY41pEP1849E3xkTj7qExl3rixbp51bCVbPXXfd9Y4y1d23ASKrjuQwZTp3DLry3qNHjx49ehjf7Gjyio4xwscYfRvDKzmc4rHAmLjRGcBUOEYoGOQMnD169NhyEDkfGe4q0De90dxjY2HihIk1a8bsZnBcvW33tgW31tSpk+teBx1Qhx1+cO2//171oCMfVDOmzWyc321q++12aFKNr6HGb165clXddvMtdev8+bV82fK65pq57Yenrr3mmlq0cFGNb/h2QhOuuvLKxjleXJOastxzvmzJ0jtWdJXLebWiyrHkZEbOOKBABnzhmWEQh9UsOaOBk+vLz5/97Gdb59e7uvLwnNNsBRuMz8qUp/I44D685b1i71z56Nab3/zm9h1jHyFRL1+B9q6ycr33a6XZlmof25JeuRzr7k8+RV7ZBGmHe+qd54nTo0ePHj16GC/sIjLu+LCyXxbyoUnjy1hgzBxgFVVJwQDoQxpmnH0tskePHj169Lh7cPvkzLjmKPzBqu/Ie9A4aLW0Vg4trqXLb2scxAm1ww73aMJ2jaO6oq6Ze2OTZmJNmjyjZs7Yrs4955I65Xun13Djlw4PTajxjQN7wfnn17aNQ3qPbbat5UuX1rSp02p6EyaMn9A6xldd8btavGBh3XOXXWr2jJk1a/qMxumeUTvttFO7ispB5Ew65yTapuzcNmMOJweX02q8dc25dS6duFZnOaB+esiKsHd/X/CCF9QTnvCE9v1iecX5FU9exnD5nnjiie2Xqv/yL/+ydX5tdfb7vrZ+m3n39Wrv+MrT1uhDDz20/fL1t771rTa9NqhPHPk4ueCoLPfiCCu3R48ePXr06MI4ZqwyZhh/TL6azO3u/BsEA488GagdMxibXTbz/OEPf7j92mSPHj169Ohx9yHO7brB/V0xvKKWr1zWOIdLWwfxttsW1k033dIMvJNq13vuVCtXrGwcy8m1//77tau83/7Od+r8Cy6p03/0i/rp6ae3+Tz1qU+tnXfZuXEWr68pkyc1zu/vtwI3A2br8M5snN/lS5fV1MlT2tXg9lmDbEvmvBpXswp8z3ves3UybWX227s//elP6/LLL2+dSOOwmXFjsfR+V5jhYAbd6q68GRHSiy+/rPrGMbWS6+eafMfjyCOPbF9l+uu//ut2mzXH108jOe7SOO6Pf/zj2/eBfZUTjXzp2s8tgfLV2X3lKi8T5coRQF0hDnKPHj169OhhTDD2mdA1lvgGBWeYU5xxY1CMiQNsMDOImk02qLqXD3poQI8ePXr06HGXgk/1B35VVnm7gcPpeDua+OPGTagJ42bUxAmzauqUObXzTnvWbvfcq3FgJ9fixUubKH7X1ofYlta9Dtq3Dr//feqii8+rf3v3v9bf/8Ob2i1aB97rXu3XnSdPmdqOg9ttt33rFNrmvKIJw6uGav9996vlzblgPptDvO2227ZblI2pxlKrtFZdszXaB6o8+/KXv9z+JJIvMfsqtDFXOZ55D5jB4FscPnzFEX77299eH/zgB9vfJ+YwiyeNfH1UhLEh3sUXX9y+t/vqV7+63VLN4Ljvfe/bPpPWhLYdXpxjdfOVah+6/Ju/+Zt2rBc4vOpiMlzd2QaO3ZVeRg0oK05/6iT06NGjR4+tE8aATJ4aS4wdxqOHPexh7S8bGCvGAhPe9ra3vf3281HBwJmBzVEww2xg9v6SH873+eoePXr06NHjrsOIVcV2q7N7Ix0s41e85TxvnNTmMGf2DnXggfeq+x56/3rEIx7eOJXbNAPzUE2bPqGWr1xSu+12z3roQx7aOIQPrD332KuOOOLwesxRj6hnPfvZtfd++zbxprXboA8//PDaY889W6dwWuPYGicPP+KIdkXXAD9t2vTWcb3/A1bfM66a6T7ggAPa1VbOr3viWJ09oknLEHjgAx/Y/nbvYx/72DrssMPaj09xTnfeeee2DI4nI4Kj6YvQ0j396U+vo4466o6fSmJocJg5vz/+8Y/bLzrLkwNtRZkjrmzbz6wgu37FK17RPpeH9FaG/S4wZ9lvCFsx9s6WcsT328ZZNeZU28YmPz9p4cue8ucUq3PXpujRo0ePHlsnjEvZYWzc8wqPXygwUWycGBTjmsFx4OlWFVFBs78887POOqte/vKXtzPFtk95T6hHjx49emz6oMuj03PeHWy69+l8RwNVN04X4orHqRHPGOHoPqfHbqE1QRxOo0EQpBPkxbHzjKOYGWHPlOXImRVn1dCK9jh+/FBNnNikH//7eq4aWtXkoT6TavKkKc0dH2kaqmXLF7b3JozzMz7N7dW7lpv4zWlzMnFy4yCPW1RDzY2GEjV+3PgmpS+PN+fD8vl9GX9AlTXQ6A5MWP18JM1yDx0Eq6+c18Rzz2qu1WNpPEMTjumVV17ZOtC+1OwdYs5w+lQ+8nDOkfXur+e+7qxcdMvqrfGcw+urnJx0R/kp2zO/YcwhZ5y4xw7gwHOAbdWWx4Me9KC2bibHOcgcch/bUlfl4AX1EbdHjx49emx9MAawDfKNiowHrgNxBsWYOMBgAMtg6muQJ5xwQnvvoQ99aDvI9ejRo0ePTRucKXqbk8KJ4WByiDhQq53I1e+axuHyDmmcsTU5LdLFmRNX/nGuOFG2NoGxozuoxaEWT3Atj5QjrnzVL04yB6pdZb3dqV6dX7Y5N05yk+Xw8OqPRclnZVOXVSsbt3fcxKZuVln9asFwrRq21bn5G2oG3CZNu3gMbfrGKVwxv6ZMXdWkW+1or2wc6RXLG+e5GU6nT73H6rgjsLo1t+PORl0RGuc8dNBmdAodAO202X20hC59BfGF0CfbjTminuc+hzMry1l91aeee+boue3PO+ywQ5vGuVVoZXJiObvonXSCVWNxnIuXOkmv/uknz7VBHPfBdXiuR48ePXpsfTA2ZHLceOBn94xJdig9//nPv2N8GxQDO8AGLx66yniXKPcMdgazDLg9evTo0WPTBl3ddVCd0+Gu6fkMSOLFiREvTo7zkfretWfJK0FczpItsckncbuOn2PSKxs4SOIkvrTGHA5b7nG0Vtd9dR6Ne9+m5QiLs2Kl51aTOWFNHqvUuym38a8nTFzcnDdphma0x3HD6nP7reFVtXDxvJo8ldM5sbnVtEX9V5oAHtc4xts1EduofwBuu3LhDod6BKwni5M2aGMX7nfpHaT97sepZDBIj1aMCZMU0sjDNXq6l7LQSxrgLCef1TRcTWtx0DjHrDhzgOWpLJMi+lRfyUM5cbTlgY+cKxs8l798PFeH7kx/jx49evTYumAs6I4J3//+9+u1r31tvetd76pnP/vZ7f1BcedT9hsIFUkwCBocc22Gv0ePHj16bPrgmHBGOD6OnBTOi4EoK4icHPHEoeM5Xjl35NAI7icYwIwNiZuyONGO8hWcJ3TvJX5CkLzEi5PlHJynfstXLKtlK5bXsuVLa+ny1efjmnit49V4vBOb44TbJ2ylE29l4yA3o1tzT14G29VB6Rw0DvOyZcsbR29lDTcO9KSJU2vK5OmtE7uqKfcPQ0OXJtyRS5OJ0IX7oWPaGHpqg+CZOudZ4t9R79sdW/cSJ+mMy5xSwf3QKXmgn0lsITzQLTsOsvN8bRovZPXXc/G7ExpCvjTtnrRxbpN/6u65ozx79OjRo8fWC+OCMcKYYGy67LLL2pVgv35gPBkLDOwAZ8Ay0+ucwWRQ461/7Wtfayvdo0ePHj02fXBCgKNCn9PlBps4QF0Hyj3xDU7gPPGFDF6cKUdjhDhJK45nKdOAF6dMPuIkuAZlGW/kwRmTNmU5VzfXHMEJE+THYW6TNhXkgLZupov2Z4lWNI7wkqWLV9eliesd4fHjh+u2ZefVopUX1rLhy2vl8JW1atxtNdSElUOLavnKRa3TPGninJoycZuaUNvV0PLZtWTBtFpw64RatGp5LW6CY3u+UljRhlVNXbqh8ZvvCMNNQKfQwbm2a4tVUyFtRQ/30SC0QUvjb9JzNNEqNO/S0DNBmjic4ugj9xLXMx+0ct+5CQvPTYb4LeDwg/jZAaaOrrO67Lm2OLdirBxQR/mCtkgH4vXo0aNHj60Xxjav3PiostdqHbfffvv22e9+97v2OCjG5CvQBkQDmcHa4KZyxxxzTPtbwAZNP5PQo0ePHj02fXBE4ogZeExiclyESy65pN3V4x1PjpS4HBy636qgn8WZN29eO1PrXhzWOFZxxm677bbW6eGEpTzPlcl5UhbHy6AnD86UdAZF8d2TxkebDJLdlWrwfurixYtq5Srbgqtd4R0aXlmLFy2uW+bf3OY7ffq0mnfDvJp79bVtmbPb91YNvItq1eSzatXwLY1zvLCWLL+xqWvj7I9b2uTj93rH1dLmemjl5KYuTfxFU2rRwlWN8zuxOTZO/6xl7TvBCfJuj039p0z6w9XNpgnNf78P+a1gAa1C3ziZaCQ4D93jSLrnKK1z99GM45wtzaFxypBHtjHrp9wXzzNpGR3uySvjPHpb6XUvfZF8pVVvz8RL34DnztVP+6RxLr7ztM2xR48ePXpsnTAGGCuMH+wEv0Bw3HHHtb9i8OQnP7kdLwbFwA5wZnVVUoUNcIybj33sY61B5IVlP8/Qo0ePHj02bXBaODhW+jglJ598cn39619vfyLnF7/4RX3+859vz/fZZ5/2S8CcJF8avuKKK+qMM85of+7Gzh9f/b366qvbPOLs+FqzMcJP4JxyyiltOvd8BCtjhzFDOr9tKw95cnC32267tl5z585t04tjQJSPlUj5+CIxGH/8xM7XvvbVuvLKq9oVXuPTnNkza9rUaTWrcdy2mbNNLWoc5Ouum1fzrp/XDKYTa9umHqtWNQ5jE3/y9Gtq5fKVjSO/snHEb61FC6xuD9fUSY3jP2FyDa0aVzcuWFyXNflfdcOimteUeetty2vC1KacbRvHddmKmsxZXLGqrrp6bi1r6OSd49mzZteKoZU1Ydz49nrS+NVfrV6yYGHdesstNXHWhFq4bEFNnTCtli/1ka0mXjPQD4s37qYamrCkpk2aW4uXXtHkeWFNn3FzLawraurEWxr/eUVTLsNhuG5dekljPCythcvH1bJVy2p40pRavKJxpMffXKvGL2viTq/Fy4Ybx3xBzZg26w7HuQv34hRDjl3DI+lGxomzDd34uZfn4jsqJ89y7NGjR48eWyeM45lINSaYjPfzupxfPwG4STjABrAMkpm5VeEvfOEL7Sw8B9jv/PXo0aNHj00Zq1ccfRnZzOvS5Svq2yd/t37yszNq6vTptWzp0jrnnN/UqmUr68FHPrh23HX3mtc4p99tnNTPffVrdcZ559XCBUvqmhtuqltvXVDzFy6qX17821rQOHjb7LFLTW2czpsWzKsvnPjtOv7kH9Yl1y+sfe57/9p3l+3a7b+LmrKvveGG+s8vfaO+fuoP63dzL6tLrr6yLv31L2vX7WbX3vvtVd858ev11f87oa5btLLO+e3Fddr519WvLru+Lm4c1R0PPLxmTB+un5zxi/rRD75Xnzz31po7bk795peX1c8vvK5u3n7bumHSrKZtM+vmFZPrl5csru/9/JL6zKln1mMe/pTaZuXMmjBlwmqH8Kr964Yzh+qYj32jPvDhE+u7Pzilzr/46po9vE3tstMetXDJUJ165WX1H//z+Trp6vn106uuqXPPvbB2PGC/OnzX2bV84bKaPm16XXj+xfXxz3y6caJvqUuuurJ1hCdNb5zwqTPqirlX1q/OPKvOOusXdcaPflRn/fzn9dt5F9bQpKHafds968Jz59bPTv9Vfe9nP6n5ty2u3/z25Lrhprm1/ewbmnauqnETr6trrj2/Tjz1S3XWL0+rn5/+m8aZnlY777xDDU2+pVbVsrr8d7e1K+mLmz6bOXNGTZ60opasWFxTJmzTGBDVbueeNnnGHY7rSKzpfo8ePXr06LGxwJfM7iHjkAnuF7/4xe1v1HcnWAfBwA4wcHgFW+M4wTz3Y489tr1+6lOfWve+971vj9mjR48ePe4uDNW4xs0dZ7ft7cj7lquP4yZOqmtunl8Tpk6tW5YP1/+d+K1aNmFa/fP7PljPe/qT6rDDD6uDdt2vHvvox9UNK4bqmvHj6l+PP77OnHdD7f3gh9Zrjv6Luv8jjqoH3v/I2vuAe9f8qeNr70MPrZ0P3r+WTp5Y8+ZdXj+76Mr68YVz66YV0+oZL/qT2n2KN3PH1fJmDDn3txfWOz708bpq/oJ69KOOqMc88Ql18Rk/q2njVtVDHnRkfedb36y5c6+uA454eG234071kwvm1vzFy2vVlBl1wMGHNo7dUH3nm1+vm6+7uqbd7/F1yOFH1E4Tp9R3v39q7X/kIXWf/fesKUPD9T//+4067Qc/rR/88Ad1+fXX1Muf9/Tafda0WrxyaV14wUX10be+s378k5/Ur2++thYuvK1uuPGq2n3PveopRz2x3Sr9vVN+UO879rO1bNmK2m6PA+qG66+ry3/TOMA771IP3mfndrX5l7/6TX3sox+rb3/3O7XNrDl1+uk/rLMbZ/cxjzqqcWLn1Mnf/na971//rS487/y66JzzatHChfXlb59c99xl79rl3gfV57/29Tr+2yfWr0//cV1/zTX1i9PPqAU3rKidD7x/zdnxvnX+JQvqE589tb71qR/UJb+6tX5x6qL63fkTa6dZ96k9dtut5v1uXH30A9+oE477Tl124dX1y59cUN888Yv15f/9ao1fuk0d3Djrk8YtqfET1/w7zD169OjRo8ddDb4kcIDtkgKLrVZ+vdIzFhh4DdnWNu9lxUP3XtCOO+5YL3vZy+rtb397Pe5xj7s9Zo8ePXr02HTROMHDPlxlq++ExiUdqqt/d3lddMG5Nf+mebV8yaK61wH71oMf+ICaOG1ibTt9XN1y7VV1xkkn1g7Tp9XLnv+8OuKgPesRD7xPPekxj2jCo+qY1/51HfXQB9VeU2fXjGVLarfJ0+pZD39kbV8TavjG+bXjxGaAW7CoJjWO5MxmOLrtoktr1VXX1+MPvm+95JGPq+c86nG1+/2OrNMbB27ZtG3qmU94cR3zl2+rQx/yuNp5v/vVvEP2rau3n1YrF4yvyaum1l63Tq7Lr1tQk//oqHrdM46qJ997n3rE3rvW5T88ua771Rk1ceGC2mnSuDpopzl14N471pThxY3Tv6zGN476yslViycuqV9d8Zv62q9/Wwc+7qn15WOPrfPP/Hmd8J2z62/+/kN1r8PvVwuGV9XpZ/289tj7sHrlq99cr37mH9XDD9ynrr/55vrmj35U08c3A/aiFfWlz3+hbpp7XT3/6c+ulzzvT2r/3faq266/qeY0zvrw8uX1qzN+XuNXDNWfPONZ9WcvOro5Pqe2m7l3/frMS+uCW2+syfvMrkc+99H16j9/aR164H614JpVdfVvb66bluxSC4Z2r7POXVY/OXt+Hb7Pk+qVL/iH+n9/9nd1+QUL66enXFxTJsyue8zYuS694Jq65fpmfG4aN25VE4bG109P/1l94r8/Xb8++5Ly28c9evTo0aPHpgS70fiXYDfxe97znnrsYx9b7373u+9wiAfFwA4wx5eH7t2tfFDDC8svf/nL65WvfGXrHPfo0aNHj7sfv//6cOPeNoGT24bh5U1YUROGFteOUxsHuJbW7rPG1347Tq8bL/1lfegdx9T3T/xSXfTLM2rckluaDJr4ty2uc0/7QU1bcEvd/547134zptaUlcM1/3dX1TWXXFgXnnVmnX/2GY1zenPttGpV7T48qXGEZ9WRe+1VuzeO8KzlKxvnt6nULfNr+OZbalJzvfiqa2rnGbPrBY9/ct1nx11r+q2LauZOe9UFV82r3924qA7a9351+EEPqG132Kn23m+P2vnwQ2vRdnNq8sQptf09JtSsWRPqut/NrT3ve0jtOGdG7bnzpHr4gw5qjrvU4tturYnjx9eEpt2PfORD6+iXPqsOu9/9apddd60J4/1W7lCtaAZW7zg/9BGPqBce/YzacYdZNbRqWW03e7uaM32b9vd7d95u+8Zhnlz73OeQ2v1eB9RBu29bL3zus2r/ex3cOJwX1fgJE2rhgoXte8gPffBD6i3HHFMPOfLIOuoRj6yF82+rm66fV0sap/+SCy+uxz/6sfXCF76onvmMZ9R9Dzmkdjjkj+vHZ9xUl5x9Yz3zMU+so5/1p/XwFz21jnj2Y2p493vU1eOX1g5DU+sey8bVgt9eUssvv7IOesLB9cgXPaqe/bJH18Rtb6nfXHFKjZu+vOYtvqwuu/682v9+96yjX/XCesHLnll/86Zj6qgnPrFuXTRUC5aMr+WrVv8Wb48ePXr06LGpgB/pY5p2Em+77ba1ww47tN8D8UqP41hg8LeIG3CAfTTFfm1L07z2yy+/vM4777z+HaIxgO3lQXfmo3u/O1uSIyS+7QTZUiBd4uS565x7jsFc67+ElGeiQ8hGysULF7UfcHHtb+Wy1c9WLl9R45o0QyuafEb82SYvT1+CNXkC2qDcbpmCuqm758rt0aPHxoLfmR1fw6saXTA8VM99zrPrUY98ZH3n29+qNzSO3Ovf+Lf1v8d/sZYsXljTZ0yvs35+Ru15wAH1jKc8pWZPmlyLFi2rL53wlfrP//7v+t8Tvljv/8D76tfnnVOLli+uSdOm1Mqp4+u2WlGLpwzXstkT6+pGRyyfPbmWTB2qVZOG64Kbrqobl99Ws3bfsYZnTq6hSavqwClT69p5l9ZFl51TNa4Z+OZU7Te1atqVV9a8U75a0669qHbdcUnNnLK0aspQjV94WT1g5nBNu/Hm2r1RUdMbj3+7JfNr7q9+WruMX14TlyypCY1TPmvKpFqx+KZa1Tj9E6Y3em9a1fyVC+ucyy+ojzXx//6Sa+rUz3+jvvDej9Z3P/KTuvDrV9b4pUM1sVFBZy+dVzfue0Cd2ajRlY3u23XSstp72g61c81sRtXhuvKyK+q0U75fc393Va1asrxWNHTZbfudanjp8lp40/xGiQ7Vb889v7aZOatWNTSYOH5CTZ82o6bs+/i6+Obt66ZLV9aUpRNr+W0L69rxi+qKlTfXFbddX4tmTKgDdti5Zjcj99QlS2vBVVfX8hnLa/zsCTVu6tKaeY9xtXjljTU0vKpuum1ezbvpmpoyfWIdeNBOtcPO29cuu+xaO+y4Q830e79ztqklS5bd3u89evTo0aPHpgHv+fInbXt27hcJbrjhhtYXcG8sMCYOMCeFE6yCvuz53e9+t574xCfWgx/84PrgBz94e6z/Pzg2XWcN4qRB18FzLnCYoOsIxXlLWtfqAtJwnLp5tc5bx8ECcZzLI/koi6PWdQTze4Xy9wP/4MiJ87zbHj8JkrIc5WM2wzVHz094gDSed+sFqXPKATMiKUNdEj/vX3vmvrTuK9O90Mc9zwT3025wnfzss3eURlvFA+m8fO7ZEvUaGq7JU6bUtOkzmgyaOjVxl6NR4wT7aM6CBY1D2+Q1jK5NHiuaZzc3dLFVHkya+P1I+WHqO2NsdSEAnonfo0ePsQJdItA1TVjVOGO1spYtuKVWLp5fRz3syPrHtx5Tr375S+qwhzywrltwax1/4pfr3F+e2cj6glo6/5aa0sj08K3za9zSJeVLxMuXLa6FK5bWFddeVT/52U/rnAvPryXjGqd3aFnduOjmumXl0rp22a11y+SVtWBao5+3nVrD206voSmN8zZ5uBY1cZdOWFXjp09qwuTaadKExmGbUjvvul3jFE9oPL9xNafRO6d9/Rt1wy9+WkccuG897SmPqWlTJ9VwU5+lC2+u6y+7pHbdaVYNNT7xRWecUcsbh31Co98mT5xQKxs96/d+lzfO7OJGhy1ctLDRb36yye/nrv4q87jGsfzC/3yhPv6pT9YJJ5xQ//4fH6pPf/GLde3N82tBE3fJ/AW1/4671Z5enzUeNOVe3zju03bboUk/XEPjxzV1nl177L1Xzdlum5o4dXLNaPTcpEZ/TWh02YpGH86dd20tWra0Vvi5pEYFb7vTjrXPLitq/Mz5NXSPxTWvccaXTVhZ05etqLO+d0rddNGlda/GiZ6x88xaMqlq2k471C0rltUVp19Ql/zwN038K+rGcXPrpvHX1NUrLq+V2y6pexwwp1Zss7xuHr+qbmuc9Hmr5tc1y2+qpY26vnG4afvkRjc3TejRo0ePHj02FfCR+DLxd/gI/AY/y5d7g2JMHGCVUVHYZZddWkfOT1Nwnu573/u2zhPHyfZoiKPlfhyzgCMHrYPVOFOeSZvff4wzmPeOhZQfZ078bp6BZyMRAnOypEt+wOmyDN/93LZy83Uyq97ScP79DAcol+MrH+9Ey989zpv2SwOcPkv64slfHpztQFzOLhqIq5zUD31zLe+uc5oQh1s9XWuLMsC5fHI/fed5HGb1lLdzbXYujfok/cSmTSgqnXKWNcaceL4YO3HSxJrW0ES7bQmUzk96SDNn223b9JBjoDztEeTVo0ePuw4mqybOnF1T5mzbuMO2yI6rex92RL32DcfUpz7x2XrxC19cN8ybX2f87OxGRy2rg/e7T117ydy6/pJratKyCbXN9Fn1wj95Qf3VK19d++99cO2w3V612w771NThyY2yXdU4zEtr5qRGJy1rnO2hCTW1ccBa9TXU6JSaVLtwKnfdu6aPn1Hjh6bUylsb57LRA9MXDdV2qyz7TqlbFt5aP/jZD+tr3z+pHrzNDvWK+x9ZD77PfjVt3MK6fubCmnWPqbV3U96kKY2Tu2pZzZg5pQ497D71mMc9uv2d3SmzZjZxtq3pU8bXrNlzaripx5Iljd6jboYmN0XMqf32fEg949An1FOe+dT6k5c8r5Y+84/qW9vOqO8vuq7Onbai9hqeUfv8dqjuc4PV6Ml1wMxpdcXuk+vaA7etZeOHa7i5t+0OO7ZlLVm2vBY3OnTSlMl10y3za1IzpnCQJ0+ZVgsbPT1lzqzm2IxDkyfVilvPq3FDl9aViy6sJVNW1dUL59YPT/xm/fLUH9bDDju8nv24xzd5N3q40d2HP/TBdc/9961f/eAX9ZkPf7w+/5Vj6+K5F9TKycvqpiXNGDR9uO5xz3vU9fOvqxNPPrm+fOJX66Of/O/67qnfq2133L72PWC7O8aEHj169OjRY1MBH2DOnDmtD+Z3+y+66KLWP8yC2VhgzFaAVTLO1l577VUPe9jDas8992y9dQ4hpzFOYhw4g6/gnBPmvnw4QQJHy7M4ne5xKhEBYYKsECY+mCngzHnGCZPeM06VeI6eK1f+4plxcEwe4knrOcdbh2ij8uXHqeOoar9n6i+Nsp2LIyhDHPelD8Tl9KqLcvM7luIr129fyj/tF8e9OOXSpQ72yKOleJxX5aVcSPo4uK5TrqN7ietae1KubQjy9lydoU3f5DW/Mehsf161YmXj9DaO8OQptaJp++JFi9vV3lUrV9VQk9/UKVNb47otoylLuYBO6hloG6inOngmjuBa6NGjx+gwqZE9YULj7Ql3YFzjCDVheOKsWjY0vZaumlYrZ+5cVy4cX5ff3OjgaTvUtAk71L67Htaku0ctXzytZjb3nviAJ9UeE3etG359bY27ttG3S6r22nGPOmjfg2v72XvU9HHb1fCiRvYXVU0fnlazm/znTJle95i1Xc2cvo1Zu8bxnVzjx01udEVTr+Z8aOlQzZs7r4ZWNC7x5JmNDlhah+57UJPfPRpHcnF953sn16eP/VTN2m6b+n8vfmk9/gFH1qypk2px4xgvm7iyVg6trJkTJ9Vtty6u6TMm1U4HHFDXXHdtXdwMoGeedWar34caPbJg8cpa3jinKxvdZcvwqkbt0/NLFi+tQw6+d734+feqo//i5fWiF7+onvaUJ7e6++KLL2l10mWXXtrotSWNXmtoNzxUKxYtrHGrVtaMyRNrWQ3V9TffVDfeNr9x1hfUpGmTavrsGXXb4mZ8aZ5PbZzicVOae3Nm123Ll9ZCenLi+Lp12ZKae+n5tcu202v3bXer+Vevqu9+47z6xanX1H33eWQd8zdvrsc89KiGRlWTxw/VgfvtWW950+vrRS98ad33sCNrh+kPrV1mH1Uz6wE1feiAuuWqObXkxhm1/fSDaunNi+rK315XC268qV76/OfXG//6xTVjwviaNsmOpNVjeELLDiOue/To0aNHj7sKHF3+Bj9k9uzZ9ZrXvKaOO+64esUrXnHHQuKgGBMHOO9zMh4cOVBXX311XXvtta1Tx2nLirCtwgwQP2ochzTOGMdSwzhH8uEMydM1B41TJJ58XYM83OcwctKcS+t5HFlwHzxLHE4VowaR42S579qRoaO+ype/PNVJOZDVaOX4Spl00oijfTrOuaOt4RxVeaAXR04+0mg/OHpu5Ve5zsWJUygfeYRujuJgFI6wdrlWX+nkJ07aDI6hi/ZCnHLX0gjSuK+N6iiNtO6pg/LdV47z4cYIbNNOmti2bWoTTz2mTm8YVZ2auI2VW0sXL2lXhEF+4qpz6pd24YPQOvwgntCjR4+xxe2bjGplI1/X3XRTXT3vhpq/ZGVdde0NdfZ5F9Y5l15bv7zk6rr8lttq4s671Ljtt6tbllXN3mfPeuATH1e/vPKq+sbPzqjv//bi+uFvr6mTL7imLluyvK5fNa4uWry8FjQqZ1Xj9I2bMbt+ceHltWrazBqeOqNO/ek59eXvfL8uuv6Guq2pxJQdd6lbx0+sr5z2ozrzggvqrMsuq29dM7/ue+Rzav7C6fXlE8+rr550Yf16wj1q6f2Pql+Mm16fOPs39f1TflXLF0xqHMN71sTdH1yf/N3iOuvaa+rsa66t/zv5O7XNgQfW9gfeq7bZZ7+ae/OtdfHca+uGWxbULQuW19CClXX5+ZfV8vlLa685O9eDDz6yLrzsvPreT2+sJSsbR3nJgjr3zDNq2orltXPjhM9pnPQjH/iAuvDiixpH99a68YpL6twfn1YzbryuZl47t24bt6rm7LN77XW/Q2re8sV14dy5dcl119e5TVsmNM7vzUsW1W2Nkz5nt13rhub5NY3jPjRnep158Xl19ulfrSMftF099yEPqctPPbNuO/u6etSjn1gvftlf1CGP2L2uXXF+3TTvGzVtwk8b/XtaPeTBC+qIF8yqI188pw7e44A6Yt9D6gkPfERtN2FWzVw5vibctrgesM8B9axHP7L+8rnPq9e+6Oj66xe8uB54wH41cX4znl47v1Y2Oni1Dr+dCxpdG/T6tkePHj163NWIr2I84mscdNBB9eQnP7ldVOUTjAXG5HeAVS5OoiMn8Jxzzqk99tijXvKSl9Qpp5xSp556auu4nn/++e3qrTSOv/rVr1qH74orrmifcZazgsmp+8IXvtC++MyBtKJsoLaS7JmvbM6bN69Ny8FWtrQcOUvmVnSdX3nllW3ZVknVEWE5a8rjoDuXH2cLweUjPTiXj3I5f5xX5XN481tUHLW0P86iNmmLvKVzFM9RHAGUCQwNdPNc/uIqVz5Wjt3PiizaKE9IW+IoxqmUf9Kk3o7qpizPxe3WxX1pkrc8k7+6oYE2/n/t3Qf8Z0V1N/7z294rLMsWyoIoiAURRPIXFRU0UUCNiolGF40lmkSTGDVRwRJLEks0pomivGKMRmIUWyyJYgFRpAsusJRlF9jee/nPe5aD3+wD+kQ2r8e45wOz33unnDlzptz5zMy9P7aSx1jyGvHlN7I5eq1dszZ2tTzGjB/Xd4DvsWmXsbn/rUvvCI8eu5vUy0d6eQAdyOdHXpZVeLpC4eeF9qVN5W8iB1ptXHuDwWvxtXntz7X42ZfEcQ3SpP+e4Cecuy/Igzzjln6ZOmRfSB30S2F5Lw4/kD+/zEs64frwiNga2zesjaFd0m6Jbdt3j3db7bwOGx6rtw/FiqFRsbb9/uc1d8Wf/fV58aO7NsePFq+J8751UXzpRwvikCc+KR75rNPiuo1rY+XYkbGjjXNrJkyLL11xZVx014q4Zv2G+Nady2LBunUx/qDD48gnPjlmTh4eGxsxvGXF0vhaI5t3DR8XUx9wZNy1cVssXPC9GJrUCLETMgfOjG3TZ8XN69bGrUtujEuu/1Fs2zo6Hn36U2NLI48Lr70tVqxcF8NGDIvpYybF9Ztujy9f9LXYfOOtcdghh8YR+x0Yi1ZtjP+49aYY2rYrVjXy/YV/uSAe9ZiT4vQzz4xhE8fFmjtWxdvf+a745rcujUu/9/3Y2Kr4im9+J576qMfGQQfvHwt/dF1csOC7cVWTPXfJbfGNr/57rL54UZx++APjlCNmxZGTpscNO1bFh6+4OBYY0679dnz1W/8ZB6wdH2cc/bCYc8yDYuP2rbF565bY1EjznY38Lrz11rj+uuv7h8Me//iTY+p+0+LWRYtiwc03xay5c2PBrTfHJz/9L7Fj2OJ47vwnx2MPfkR8+tyPxu3XL4iJD5oQP7j2B/HDGz8b3/nh12PmqNtizqyR7fn1lfjyv38hLlnyg1i68ca46FO3xeqlW+NJJz8+Zs0Z0+p4e3zxwq/H3Fmz4sQTTojxY8bHflOHx+QJ42P4tvGtLYyMsVOGxQ5/kqo112xnCe2VG/QrFAqFQuF/GuYu5kA4hGeQDyt/+9vf7lwGz8Nn7u+zaa8Q4CQllDEJ8yA98cQTO1un6K//+q/HVVdd1Unsv//7v/f3gh/+8If3iZrt7C996Uvd/5vf/GYnzbNnz+4ykejf+I3f6F+T5k466aS+I+nd2W984xvxzne+M2666ab4zne+0+/ldfTRR/fd1/e///1x0UUXdZL7mc98Ji677LI47LDD+uoBPeni70pdeuml8dnPfrYbl06MilS/5z3viU9+8pPxta99LT7xiU/0icBDH/rQrjPC/da3vrXL/7d/+7deSQ984AO7zojzpz71qfj+97/fd8H/9V//tes7ZcqUXnE/+MEP+ln2733ve3HjjTd2Ui7P3H1dvHhxJ+wINiJ8wAEH9DzzfWCfAL/++uvvOQZu95e9lefWNslSDvpJm0ex2cxCg/RsQ4a07GUCLR2yjSzTWVmlB42PTuJISwZiz98HsG62q9HKP67FX9rCt2zaHFOmTe1+Pojl+LuFgo0bN3RSO7Zdt2lWjBg1soexCR21G3ZQFtd08avsoM7ub2P/ZQT7GCjYSl36hbQVO6ozu/Z+2Vd7zcmtepdOPZCTCxZABj/3rnOBZrAeUg4/Tlw6uCZXfurXr7AkbJD5QPqLS+fBPFKO+HQA9/w5aZSjt8kGfqkTZFz34ip/J4Ptd7BsfsnhD/zIEYcMpzIsTKWffiVPYfxSRzJyAQf4J+QvrrL6zWtxpQX3WbbBtPTRB/V5YeozF4/YTFxyjB3C9CdhnLTSjPKnjlq/Hxoh3YjWDxtRauE7WtptO3bG8g3b4z+/d3187OMXxMVXXhdjxk+KaTPnxKatO+L6O26L4SNHx0GPeEgs3bQlPv3pzzTitjiWr1wbk9oYt2vU8NgwYUxsGzUilm/ZGiPbODCnEeCli++MmxZcElc3snfZ1d+PZY3/bxo3KaYe+oC4qxHdaWPaOLF6Rdxw26J+JNjf+121eVOsW70kVm/ZGCcecnRs2X9S3LF2dcwYNi4edMQRceRhh8QJDzs6Rh/exqJxo+KE2fNiRhvbx6/aEZvGj47rN6yMibuGxcwDZsbJjzg2HnnssbFq2MbYsGVT7Dd2chuBhuK3XvjCOPnkJ8ZJTzk1jjro0Dj5Vx7e6nN4f4bM+fUzYtLUaTF7xV3xo/bsmjD1iHjeC54Rhx4xLbbu2BwzDp4bP25EevzoUTF707L+gb/5L35VPObxx8YdG9e38XVSHHfscTG2tZcFjVDfuODGmH3AgXHWb/1WzDvk4N5u9m/6rl69qn/9ecGCH8fChTfH77/srHj8I58QO3dMimtvXBw3LF4WMyfNjs3LtsXy2zbF9lWTY/bRvxrT5jw8/uOKkfHJLy+POxfs3/yPih1DK+PJZ5wWhx41J2JCez7sPz6+/J/fjqGxw+Okkx8doyePcXY6djoevnZkjJk4LIaP8u2G3W1S+xlsb8A/23GhUPh/h8G++N/pl+LmM3kwDf90UP288IsEbdZczDPJ3OX888+P973vfZ1LHdue5/jL/cVQm3Td7zNOJskmWCZclEbOnNk2WTSx9kVoxExHM2H78Ic/HI973OP6V5CRUGEmbCaAjZDHr/zKr3RZyOdLX/rSLl+hP/e5z/VCz5gxo5Pft7/97XH88cf3/EwMxX3Na17T5Z1wwgl9wor0IoQzZ86M9773vXHqqad2HexK/+7v/m4nZ+KfdtppPRxB/ta3vtX1SlKAJP/ar/1aD0fO6Y8Az5o1q5PBP/7jP47HPOYxfeKJQP7pn/5pJ8LILQL+sY99rJcJURdX2ZR97ty58Rd/8RedeBt8zj333Dap/HQn/mQry3Oe85wu893vfnef5CKNyDMy/md/9mf910Qc4f/xj3/cbWFy9aIXvajbHb7+9a/HP/7jP/ayqh/k9rfaRMxED7mV1iRZuAWFk08+ue/c08m9tEg7Wxx++OHx5je/ueexZsWqptdfxspGzqW95pprut3/4A/+ICZPmRpLFt8e/3rBBbF02bK4+qqru9yXvvxl/avRP7jsB31RI98PR8gf9KAH9fpSb9qDPDh1Tme/4gpD6HQKbUYc9ZZh7MUOdNIu1bcFCp2JDa+88soenqRBZ1KP4jpJYGGCbIsO5FvM8V47f2WkH5sjIt51t2jDVhZw2BO0fQtA9Lagor2JY/FBnvyf9axn9d/vfve7XW4nKE1XfecJT3jCPR38y1/+ci+TutP2fWjuuOOO6+W7+OKL+98t1fYQL3ag70Me8pBeX1/5yld63SmH/vfYxz42jjnmmH6tfBae5KM9SqsfWDihq/ZvkYdsizjK+eAHP7iHLVy4sC+qOFmhPPSeN29e//I7G7AVG5HF1o961KN6ewd1bsFKfuqL7dUBGexDJvupC7YWpi+5VtdZ/+Spc/Kc5GAfYfRTdnHlD2zrJAl7s5sFHSdK6M4WmVa+0rKJ9iGdcHLkmeRZHbG3distf+RW3+afNmQDsuQjHlkc3dRJ6imuvJRHXP7Cs01DjqfyJCPtK748lUsa93QHOpEvTB4rb18YUw6YEcOGGmlu6YeNHtvCR8XmoRGtH6+JodamL7nuzrjwwi/EDUtWNsI7MkZPnOLthVi2YmlsX7E8Dnr0w+KO2xfHuEZIJ0zZL3Zu2NzaZCPJzT6bp02OAw6cFSvXb273m2LKjjGxtLWVbVuubzYbG2O2r4+dk2bFih0TY8rcB8WC1nYfsPOW2LFpfWxvj6IN69bHoi1jYvp+M2Lu2M2x4q474wHbIhY3UreyEctJt29uHG5ETF66MsaOGB43TFkVK9auiGNmzup/Tmjrj1bE5tZWr926MR7+sBNbna+IRzQyurL1wYt+9O0YOX1izB0zNa658pqYd9RDW502eQcdEMPaWHbSvAfEwjuui3mHz4uZRxwbS5evjEkzJ8S1P7o2do6bEY9vZHndVdfGzTfcGCcc/bBY3vQ9cM7cGDlsbdyw4LqYc8gDm723xcaxExvR3hLzZs/tX5i+4+ZbY/nSZRGNaJ588uNibesPOxvPnDptanzvist6n77x1pt7e3/Zk8+IsSNHx7XrNza/pXHbouXxlAc+NobtjFi6Zm3cseSOGPGIw+OIIw+MaxbcFd/7/g/iwPUjYsaU6TFh1kVx4qOfFmtWr49NO29r4/tR8dFzv97aw6g47VdPb22mTSq2LY2RI1r7WDE1HtGeO3MPGhUb1q/u7UzbzbYI2ph2KKxQ2NvQvrS1HLMG/fL33jAYH+4trrFUPM+UPfNwr1279+t+0CXIzXT35g+ZZteONpa38V2+Y9p47y9gjG6//m74kMEz07e0/X0TfvATsR2D+iRce3YIU55BvVxn+QcdiJ965jwony/iCOeAP0dWofCLgGzX5j/mV294wxviQx/6UOdFv/M7v9PnQfcXe4UAA2VzgDFRNFFDWk3aEEoTXpPOBzzgAfHc5z63K29i/Nd//df9KLNJgEnamWee2ckqh9DZiTUxMAFHOu2ImvT90z/9U99dNdEH+SENj3/843v+yKoJL0JlMs6QCK/8AeH4yEc+0knX5ZdfHo985CPjec97Xp/YIgPIKH/l4ocAP+1pT+uk58ILL+zEFbFG6pB2xBi8pH3OOef0SpOOLog8coCsvOxlL+sk0o7tnDlzeoUiuyb+r3vd6/pRcYMSUiyuMtk1RmjZwAQ+CT57IEPK98EPfrDvDOeE+8UvfnGcccYZfUJjB/xTn/pUJxAGUmnsrJNh4QCRNvkxWJJtxx4B5odcId/qgI3ZW77Ktq5NmN/z3vf0eho5YmSsXrM6TnnSk2L+WWf1vzN5a7PPua18ji3MbHk+98znxpOf8pQ2WV8X5573kX4qgFyTd2VDypF2O/L+9Ih2wRZIm7rLL4r/3d/9XbcpAqd9WQRQB9obmRYvLrnkkm5D9k/Sru6QJR3IwgRiyhYf+MAHOrFTZwghwok4WIhQTostFlo+/vGPxwWN0COESNqhhx7aO6XFDW3/937v9+KHP/xhzwfoqd7J+aM/+qMun7M44n0GbUy7+fu///u+8MGfHHlpQwiidjp//vxuC/Wh/uiqzhBZiy1OG+g78mHHN73pTfHMZz6zP/AsoHz+85/v7ZxshN0ijP5nYcRAgthq89qNVw7IpadTExaVkG/lcK1N6atORehj+nSSK8TbopR2zlb6N/spl7b8pNY2lNeCEr0RWO3+EY94RLedtq3/sIsBj/7ivP71r+/9VltgJ3VEt6c+9and/h7c2gWyr/0jw+rIooU2Lp1TFUh7TvDZUbtxr4+rN/ZVd+6NM8rFTkn0tQlOu9Pvyaen9m+hSJ9mf+0VYaeXvsnpWzmWsK+y6k/S8iNXPzBekQHspn3Ti85Jsk1m6CY+fdWrtmwhQfvWbkCedKAvfdiBDFjX+qr3802VhNsJnDxpcqxvJG3V5jaR274jtiLJW7bH8DEjY9rEMTH2urWxbsWamH3s3LjqmpuarnNj+8r1sWX56pg+bf9YvHhJLB83FLMPnhPbdgxv7WZFjFnVHmK7NsWaMXfGmPGjY0Qjpis27oj1Ixpxnzg9br1taczdfmeM3LEtRk+a0Mq0IW5YNxRzDto/5k4c0Ynj9GVL4saHzomNTdkDVg2PkU2vmcs2tPiTY/XUlbF6/ap4QHtejDbZvXN4rIhhcd36tTFn3kNbu749jm/23LV1S3zqks/Hpu1b4oips2LD2vXxo4WLmg3Gx9FPPCk233Z7HLBtV1x+/cWNtK6LdTExVjXCOXb/8bHwloUxNH7/OOYRj4yN1yyIpa2eVy5aHFvGj+t/S3fiZEfMh2Lrxm0xfeq0WDtuciy4aWHMmr5/TGntZ8akKTGqjY9Lbr4lDpo7J9a1et81fFdMbPW+bM3KmNHa2q1Lbo+Vq1bGyQ98TCP4o2LR+rti844tMWX/qTFr5iGt/S6KnaP2j+WNqO8YPz2mtLpetnZN3Ln0zhg2Ykd7Jo6LkTs3xoih2bF+3ebYsPOGRuQPicWLtKvNccCMaa2PtLaz7YbWr4bFxuVj47TTnh6nnHJkHDZ8KMa1fqD/J2EA7VWb0b7Sr/B/B7a7N5vxh8EwY1GSDy6vB+Poy+KpC31YePZvYwI/YWDxy7gmjAzxBn/B+K6+ycn6lU79g7w44484xjZzMs9T8y95GpeyfaQM4zBdXIszuKAif+MzmeKQ5ToXDOUjfcpN/bksr3zoLh24z4XsQRuQKY1xlh9dyOMgbZH6Zx1wg3mBeMLJAPplmHjbt27rr331/Fv6nl8bo8myKJhlcUqufwtFuiZvszgjd9+n7mkradiHn7IO6q28/Fx7FvgVngQXyGEn9uRPPqR9yZWHtMorHee6UPhFgDasferL5ju4IL5oroirmSdlP/x5sVcIsE6Yg5ZJr0nZ4MCnU7nO3xxsMhyRNNGVXrrcPRXuGrERXzgSZ8IoT3Jyp4U/I4kD5PATbvJqsmkSnXIMZvI1mUfCxENEpWN0E1rpDBwmloiScsnL5Noul4HIZNukPstrAipcPjnwmJC6pw892EpYPgiyEuUJwsRRnhz8EDsPD3nSA3nO95cNlLmLLi07y9MDS7gGZIKM7BoApROWNiZb+eknD5NwDw52ZmNkg47KxUYm/j1s85a4qZGKVSsbER3bJupNV7bq9d/KZe1x5fIVsWHjhhjXHrZTWn7j2oTTe8P81EM+MJWXc62MrumiDpTBbl2W1YPb4oa2lm0vyQgihyza9aQHWyB4dugzL4snCJG6Une//du/3W2i3hFn9aA+/bKnxQLtxEKOdJBpyRUmvgUZNkSe2A0RorN8kVA2Zlf5KLtw9YsgIbrqm52RLqSQDLawCEEGsqg8yoAkq4OPfvSjnbxpy4iaBYo//MM/7Duu5BgsEFIEls783/jGN/a87Eq/4x3v6PZBcvkhsMiyfidfRFy9C3v2s58dT3nKU3q5LQTIm476p/TahvQIuVMF6kiZEazXvva1fcdbu7T4gBArmzZ51lln9VchlMfCksUc/c0AxyHs+coE3ZFgfZaeFqPYVJ5INdnZdn7zN3+zk3RtkgzptCc2N4DSwckAiylsxr7qRbthN4tI+se73vWuXlZjhrKKY7HKQh4g7OxhMYDN6W/XWnyLEmyszrQldrR4oazaqPKSSV/2sgBo8UJ7oq9FCjbW1sl81ate1fVz2sBJFPLUlfHIwo4TLuxh0YxeSfqdykD4J7W0l176/fjkJz/R2/y0aVPjyiuviAc/5KHxwhe+MEaOHRfv+9sPtVK1sXn0uFjW2sxBhx4Wxx93XDxq+swY12x7x8a74uJLro4ZB06IZTctiWOPfGhMbWR0fHPrJu6Km29rY8LaDdE4doxdsSsefOTc2P/B+8XWRnLH7twat965MtbGmFjd5pNjx06LY6a2CeeGtTFiwthYs3ZdXL50Y8TwnbH/2O1xwP77xbhhbQyLUbFp89Y4oBHO7duGx4+XLIwD2jNj+hikbkNMXbM1htZvbGR9VtzaCPLtjdQ9eNKY2LZ+e0ze2Sa5jQCvHdvyGD0qRjVSv33T5tg+dnz/dsGmZsPNa5fFlEZ871xzaxxwYOvPm8fFzm07Y/msA+OuRjTblD+mTWzlu2pprLxreexc1yae+w+Pzds3x5Ltu2LkmLExdPPC2K+NcXeMmBSXX/vjGNXGuenT9otjHnhUHHLw3LjjlkVtPDDp3h7bdm1v/WptbG/z0okTJ8TiZUtjS9PxwInzYtuW9tzYuTyGjdoUIyfujLUTx8Ta1Rtjw7D92oy/PVd2TowRw0bG1hHbWtm3xcqRzX6tzMNXj2vkeXSsXjUUo6c0ojF2RGzdtPsUyYb1K1t/2xSr11ze2tqquOnqlfHUXzstTj/92Di0lWHs8BG9Lek72jzkOGUMSz/Y83k+6DcI6fnt6b8njOHaKBnGOWMgp88MInUBfUsakC6foUlS9LWE/kMWfcQlI/0yPj9uz/LSjSxp5cHf89Q9GN+kMZbpd+SJR75xJuWkjuSlrTh5mRMYD6TNdOJyGZdd0k70ds+fbvzFdS29eYB45NCTk4aOrvnTWRxyOM/UXLDM/OiW5SY37+WTdqJz2pRLfcUTJ2XJXzr3SXyF80/buE+50mTeaX/l1D7lmWX1q1xAFvnkpcyUL47rbGccmfISj8wsA6TO5OW9/N2zlTRARhPWCPDd7u6PgTr94nfkmN39aajF8Vcw2k1PZxd485bNu2+F3+0gZftNP0j7cMpBvvyVJSENx4/ObDRYDvGldT+Y1n3mWyj8IkA7z7as/5pHmWObL9osM5cc7B8/D/YKAaZgKjJ4vS9CpQEbDDoYHGwMPun4cwb3e0Pa1K+B2nU+TMAgp6Fkg8k4BkjXkHH5SZtIHaTzABTm4YQMmCDLUzjdPLhywm2iP3xoWCOzu/r7bwbbcW3yvKNNNjVWfwPYKqe/+0vGsJa/Sf66NWt7HrvaWDupyaAz/U0e6OjeA1x+Bup8aHvoCDf5cK0c8uSA/sLTLrnQkGXjnw9eMqX3YHCtTHQULk8PusyPHYS7Z0vppRWHTLoDP3rLTzxpxBUuTNnz1yRDOaSno3zIU5a8zvw5csjNY/PS0XvQbogkEmpQsDhClngIEF04BA2x7HXXdKGDHUg6IIaIPAJNHtuwh5MbbKNekEW73kCWhQZxLaRID3ZGkXEEjc7KSgf+jtwjtNoZ4se2yDHCl8fFv/jFL8ZXv/rVLlMY8m0BQnp6nn/++X0xQT2p11e/+tVx1FFHdQJohRCppC97kIvYkmvHGtHNo+bInpMOyDz9EES7HNo2WzlxYWFE3PPOO6+TSXrTQZw/+ZM/iZe//OVdDycInFigq7p3YsJCgXp0zB+5z37p13cDLDpYmHjFK17RCbq2w4ZOOsiXznbR//Zv/7bLQfhPOeWUvrDAhsL+/M///J6FDYsfb3vb2zopZzsnSSw6JAEW3/H04eMmxWf+7cL409e9ptXvhpg5bWJrN4vizGeeHm99y5tbfe6Ip59+WqO/jdS1si5efEc89nEnxelnnBEnHv0rMbkRujf+/bviq9/4emzetj62r1obb3vNa+PYRz4qZs09KH6wZFG8r9nj1pvvipEjRsWEFTviuU9/djzuOY+PUWPbpHzTmnjPX58ft66KWLXJtxOOjNc++9GNmI+JVevW9Hr6ylU3xdaRo2PsruUxe+aMeM6Lfjumb54QH/3QebFkZWPVw0bFzdvuiKNPOD5e/sxfjcPnHhyjb1wcn/jwefH1yxbEouGj4pAnnBxn/8Zz4uADpsTQ4mXxN+/7q7j4jstj7OQJseiaH/cPQx15/KPjWV4x2bUx/vMz/xpHNnK98M7rY6iR1AfOenDMnX1wbD/yiFja6n3Lirti1IjhMWXNmJgxdUbMnTErRs8e34+F/3DhbZ1YT9Knm80OPPIhMXzs5Bg/0oc7FsWdt90eY0cPi+G7RsS8ww7pR5+3bt8aV15xTewYauPOpvVx+x139hMUB8+c1drJyBg1fGfccuuCuO2Om2PnuDFx5BEPjmFjJva/Jbx149ZYvOj2Rr53j5MrGvHfsGFjPKTFmTJpfGsPa2Lz1nWxfdvW2Lh+cxzW2ohjz9t32KnaFFsbEV6y+M7+LYapU8fHftPsWG1s7XBGl7dj+7AYPbIRlJ1tMt3G+B07LLr5ZkN7JrS2tWz5st5mfdRw3DjH43e37eyT+n2O48Yu/ulnvNA/jS/iGsOM1RZ1xDGuiTM4NoIwcaX1m2OUX854Jkx/lY+0dOJvHCNfvMFxm17yy3vphev/IJy/fEB5xCVTOjoZp5VjEPzlRQ8y6ZFx09/YRrbxUV8nw+JpInWQTv7kcNKTl8/itGOO92T4FSftIzz95K1OUmf3/NnL+EbHLG/aU5gyG9+kQ/r5Z95ADpuwmbggLMMTZAK9XLOBONIoq2v+6kF+8lZ3aXP3aVe/7qVLB/zppsyu5SUtGYN+adtsA67JTb1AvHSDSB24EcMacb7bZuY80P/kY3O+gwLy7vZofaUT4Xs5Aq19katexVUvmU4+bMK+dMm+NVhX4g/akqwsr2e9dOouyyLNnri3shYK/6+Q/ZYz//WsML/V9vV97f3+YK8dgS7sRg7COYj8rAFFfM5gZNDN+Omygj1wxEm/bBQJg1+G+YWUzc/gSb4BNB/EYHDMOMiZAVXDIk8jk6900uQA67c/+Ntg3tH06g+Eu8uxG21S0iaMjgStbw/Wce0hBhvWrosRI9tDp03OPPzJM4E36HMaPD8Dd+qYoKcHvzwGyzD4ywkXLx9q9GcrYWQokzzoDMopvngetlnOfDhKI07KkE64axMZ5WDfLHvGF4efB7l75ZOWXHHAg4m9OTqIRw/5eliRQR95ySMnSyCOdMKkgWwT/OTtQanO5Zny6WPXMdMJJ8uve3HlwWkTbM1m2eYyDtnSCVceThmVKe3PIacWU4TRX3kQUemAzRFzMpF4xNgEm37kC6c3e2gr0rvOsiF8dFUuMtmErdI2Tj8gl3SgFz3ll+2PHMSbniaB9LCz77UI+Xq1QDhiLy1ynbvh8vcOtx1o9pYvsp7vNEvzhS98ocfLExZ2np3AQNbtHDsOL51FBSTXzjZZSK9TB8rq5IFTEF7xoBNii5jTn83YHAEmV7md2rB7z5bsZeXU0flVG7b390bPecPrY+FNN8YB0yf2P4PzrKc/tR9xnzBxbJz2a7/e5C3ri1mrVm+NJ51yUjynlfcxjzk1xuwcilOef0ZcdtUVsd+MqTFz8tR4w6v/KI579IkxedyE+Ox3vhXv+su/jCWLljZbb4pha7fEi553Vrz41S+KA2cdGIsWXBcvffmr4uobbo+tO0fEkUcdFZ/+0Hti1kGz4sfXXRcf/ODfxOe/9o1Yvam1q5E7Ylprp3//kY/E1lWb4sPnnhu3LFrS28CKDSvj2OOPb8T2PY2ozo5hm7fG77/yd+OCz30hWm+JV/3xa+L3WnmmT5sSV19+Rbf5NT++ttXJ6L4Id/Y5Z8ezn3NmX/S57Ic/jHc3nZ14yFdA5s+f31+5UA8WGixa5Ljg6L3TBhYiLLr4xoN+rR3pVxZEnODQV/7hH/6hf0Mh2zi5FiKUwWKG9qFdaHtWtp/+9Kd3nZwGsOjidId+49UDr+GQoy3Y/fctA21M3XvN43de8dtxZGs7//Lpf+n1fccdS5vOW+IlL3lxb6/6ggUvr2aYTDzsYQ/tp3KOesjsOO64Y1pbmB13LburkeNlsbrZaO2aTXHoIYe2/uUkxowYP66R69aeNm82Vm7rC2mTJ+3X7nePfZz+pS2bqOgrToWIp//JM8HPYhqbad/aqTIbZ/ixn7GCzmxl0Ynt2Yqt9RllF55kUt8Sx9ghLX3cy1e96O/89HF5Anl0EU/eoK8qh7FEWfQ3eUqrXOqD3+CYqA7IyDHMmORaPOVxnWMk0F18yLGXPPFzzJUf2SA8nzt+M29xyMq48nLvl23Elye5bCQOXVIWp4yZv/DMM8dw6elIhmty6Jfy/QIdyCA/24H4bCE/9+JmvZKjXuWRYzF/efFjU3FTH2UytgG5nDTiA/3EJZcTN/WmF9nKqf7VIT35kSsOSEcuf7KBTPeZp3Jy0Mvc2j99LX6ZA+XzWpgTJuZA3ULNL+Gd4e07Wl6xe+4kjV86pW7KnzpDxgF+8kzd+HPy5Jd6iuNXOwf2hCyfXxBHGhj0L/zvgTrMess2DIN1yV8b176yfQ8i091X/WtjGYeMRI4dZLrWVrU9GMzLGJBjqjZM1mB7I196YcZ94wI54ihfttNs9/cXRYD3MgYbIfx3KkmjAZXLDcJArhFoGPcmMwfdbBzZWPhlQ83Gw/HPPDwAPNDI1wCFcR5iGmo2WJBPNlzvvojf321paTfdTaBHtPC1q9fEpqbz9OnT+kOhCexp6TCuTT68L2xSQoecVKSeOmg+sLLxD4K+dEh9xYd8IGQHFMe9cHFdD5ZLvh6Syu4B4RfEo6d0mcY9GZz0/OWXD1PISYd7NhNHmcihZ5ZDmLykZ0cPOmnEF0de8hBGP8QuSR45CBjbSa+M5EmjTNqJ6yyLtO5z19c1HXv9Nb3oT1bKZhN5gfhpW+VgI79ZrpSTOmf5yBFHGejo3q9wdSOu+kk5wpVDWMrgn3K5nMjkZIdsZZKGP3nyYEtlRnbzYU9HIE868qRjc2mUA9gR6EMm/wxTt6A+TNrSZuxDHigD/eQnvfJl3Ujnmg3pJkxcupqwy1NYTpzdy1t53Evrl8785Suta3HpIi25/JQPgWYXugiTNm2AWAmniwk3He1Aajd24L0KQIZwu9V22ZEs9vKutS/3aztkPeMZz+ikDqFBznzsD5khn1xhFgXYDHG3mIAQkWU1V3oPOkTF9wIsJrAFuzjR4HsEXkfw7jfba6PK6f1uR8bZmy19B8DOtzLb4X/lK1/ZiQ6ZjqxbcJCnctkd9/47myqPbwQgoerZLrqj/BYTkBlH4H2XgJ3Y1iKF99IRWt+ROP/88zsJowd9HYH3uo06c+29evkgto7is4Wy0td3JoRJ71sC9LCr7+SABQ2LK+rAcX4EWT0i6U4gOJ2hPOoAKT/7nD9phPPA/poAwj405M/5rW12eFm89CUviZkHzuxtxgkDr71YpFGe+S9+Vpz6xCfETQtvjbe9/W3xnW9f3sbsHTF71sHxwhfMb3m/oOe7atXqeM6Zz4lFt93SX2Gh75+/692d5CqrI/t28LUB98rxlre8pS+8eLefHYCN9F3fRdAmyKavb1XQT5jvOGgb2o9vMnhdQ72xk0WA5z//+Z0Ei2sxQD1pG+LPnz+/LyJl/ydbuPpRv76DoOzap3ZMrjrQrpwI0a4sNumz+olXVNhLO/YagXpkc+XNvmjxxOsH+pB89El1p++JS2evcdCXjk6bWIwA19r6nu//K6u02rbysBU99WFp9D92Vk5ptQWyyZXGvX6i36sjepIH5IhDH9fiApnKRK4JqNd5jAnk+s0wYx1Z5OsX5Cg3OeS6znTi6M9skn7S6JviuVcH9HNvzGNj98omrvRpVzbNcVBe7KSuxCNHHWaZ9BVlogNZ7EAOGfqgMsiH/uqAjVPfzJNs+eX4qQ1pK8LZYv+WbsL4CT2eneBtbfyRv9Nx+VxqT5K+oOhDWWSOaHn4+v6wEbvnYOSmbZWJTnRkL2FpM3mnrZTHuCkv/vTh71651J28sk7p557ds21wwJ9tgZ/4v+hgk/vS897C+MG9pRHGdsLYm0uwLZto8+mvjvKe7fxKq/7SrnmtPoSpN/fyyvj8/PL3S1bOB6XLfITTzy8/7Yp87VVdqjt1ro7Ft6Co/bge1Fsb0R6MM9KRITztlTqmzvzFcU2Ge07+4shP3vR2L612CsLE6/2i+ZPtnpzMm6xs48IyHzLIUwb6arPKP+j0WbrfHxQB3stQgfcFjSQ7C/ezoHEkNG6yc+DKfLJBaoRkahjZoNNPfPeZf+ogPP1zcNcIQePLjkimfIVrxMLoM3J46yTitjD6+Lu/HgD9b/5uap203Y/2DkyL42uysLPl2SLHtu3b+jvDkDqDzk2WTjNoy+yE4mVHce1XGvoNxnetXMpIX6A7P7L9upfOr/gpV6fLTp16iKNTsocw9x5Artk3Ozi4Vibp5J26pJ5sDtJm/sonX7/ylI4/m4uvrGxusKBn6iUfyDYhn7Sn+0TWa4a5J0uZ3HOD9Zt6kEdP4SYa9FXuLIM08hHHb+rAPwfvjAPCEmSkv1/34t4bMm7m+9Pi7uvIOtB/1aP61LbUZ9pNvYuXbcBDBjFRX+oy25jrrEdp/WZfE2YiaHIP7rOuMzzbpzy0GzK1I+Gu6QXarzwRZw484OjnIa/t28nXPukDXgcwUc6xwcRfOeSLfNEzFxecOPDLLiYBvqKOWIL0eTTexOGII47oZJ5ObIhAI+7iKQci44QAvbxrjbDTXbhJ5+mnn94f2GyDtEsvb36OwyNXymihASlHdujtvX7vNikzGyHW3iFXFmQT4WNrOuXuMLkIJ51e9/o/jMMbEfqrv/qr+PQFF7R46xqhXNNlvvpVr+pHr+XruL9FCrbbf8bMOOfNr27pHxrf/Oa32vWb4+orb2n1titGjRweT3ziE+MD7/9gs8e8uOuupf3d+euuu6bpu77pe2z8wz+cG4cccmivE+9o+dOB7MjOyum9dITfAoKdZ6QK4VV3dtEtqmhTjvr7ExeIKoJq4SBf5RCG5LJnklQLGOQiNF5F8O4/u6gz8fObAerNAgYCKx/txOKBD/IhQMIsKNKJbnT2+oNvJSBPwpFv+XqlwqKFBSFhFiS0ITqqC2no4uSIerUAIw/hyuu1D+2GrZwKsCggvQm2tv77v//7nWQL98oCAs0e2o3vEQhTBm3DYoFFJO2GnSz46L/6iY8qOk2i72kf2pVTDfJyosTiFltpyz46SSfPNf3HaQb20J6lt9Cg7dGJXeXN3wkT9vfKhnzJUyYLVV6NsYhggckikXFD3UujnOIaJ3yg0WsxymExQVnVnzKqA+3dtQUzdSBffVp5LDYYO/QtYfqefPRttpDW+OKEjRM4dNRu/JUDiwXqxKsq2o261y7IdarHwheZ8tUmkAW295dLEE793cKJvsmGTzr5Cf2ExuGHHR7XNxt+8Qufj4WtfSxr49XBhxzS7fS45sa3fv3tZn9pb77llpgx84A4+QlP6GORcnuNhY3UKfvQU5iyqEdl0c6EsQOd1B070MlimjafY5xvbhhLLJRpv+zDhsYTbZQ9yDH+aK/sr359mySPmcpXObVj9caO2hGdtBnjpYUkYerA2GmMEgbsQ47FRf4p00KX8Yfd6QDySGKmT9BdewZl0hb4yUf7pCs/eekjbEge+4mjjrUBachU/kxLB3E9G8nwKw+2JQfESV2Ek5Vx9AfpxCWXTE6Y/KTJegLpxMt8hUkP6or8TCeNcLom3EtPB3H8SgNsKQ3bKnPKlY96dy8M5OVeevI8U7V/1+JzkGWjtzqUf+osXzoAOcqd8UH81I+dyHadsjMeXdMv8xfmV72TAeQphzFRW7PYa6xV5/cXRYD3MrJC7w3ZCcRJNwhh+Stuxuc0sMH4eW1A01F0AI0sO4COlp0pOwpoxAkNVx7ZGcjM/KQhQ7g0fskF8aSNHc2vyXdv1TPJr78P7OuH3iEcPnx3fv29F2iyN+og43YPZPQ3Mc7OJm/5kk93eSpHdmSTTvmJm50lB1lp+fNLW+iAKV9eBgADcZZxMD19+KX9Uj641ynFY4+086A994Q8Mj2kLUEY5z6vxc3fwXSFwn8H2Xb0IW3evbacfSzvB5Fp9AFtHbR1/tokSKsf5q6DSQ85xg/xTDz02ZykiMPpX/qOiYow8gfbvt/URx4ZnnnzIzd11Pf453iUD8t8oJInzMPdZE1adgCypOUnH3rm2EEHkwk6GzMGQSYZyEEuFMjL+MKfDPbO8UE+foUrv/jyzHJKS2/2NAEVx4f8yDbpNs4hE8JMRo1ZyphjNdJr8qkMOc4/+MEPbOkmxS2N/JhM5vh+aJM7b95hsb3X665YeNPCfvxSXdDvsHmzY/yEcbFl6/Y+wRg5wqsKE9s4vaURlimxYf2mNkma0stw6fcvbWk29bpHXunGzkgDWf5EnwkzuyJdFgTojBQhK+Qri+PlJuHKq95M0u3ek2WX1VFwNgB/is378srN1uoUMWcvbepTn/pUnwyDexMk+ZLLX/qc+PHzGgFCys93AdSDyZT2azKIvCHW/JWHTsJ8vd1JiKxfctkYgVNPCBTdlUl9CldPdPD9BMTCggy5jq8rk3RsIl+E0cILMmInXTq20hYRMzvpyqBu2YtOZKkDpxKQS23BjrmFDraiJ1JiUUG/za/Sa3ecHev8OCh7+FOTdJI3XcllZ3VrJx1JU0/ydPrCYg/Q8fzzz++TVLvhvulggQMB1p6dfED81I9FBrJ9v0H+FiecdqCXfoEYOTmA/LG1xR6nB+iLeLEFp2x0ctxfHtqZ+PLy1zOUyUIK8g2O1fvmArnKasGFHbUJdajNCUcQLQQoj9dftDunFebPn9/7t7rx+gl9tPMpkybHn731rZ3kfvUrX4mzz35T02dF/1NISKrXL/6/RlSboPhok/vu97w77rzD19uHx5vOPrufcEldLUzpGxbO1J+yINfsQgd9SBnZka7C9EUnJthCP2QL44GFMHXvVAmCrE71KWktzqgjY536VCavY6h7i0vqXXuxKML+xiLptAOLSz4SqQ59+4L9pRNmwYQdEVmLLUg7WxtX5e01DosedLUwoW8Zw/RHp1wsiug79FFWdawsbEQnOmRauul/+nt+qFQb8I0Q+iL02qn69m0TbVTb9Fco6KTs0rCRNs7e0tFVv2Iv6fQ7abURJ3OUVb5sLVxZLaRYgFAWdmML7c0ihjI4saGsZMhXHzB+Kk/qyp7GdO1RO2MnfVoa+RsLyKencUD/J4ufcNegrZBjfGc792TSWXslU5vmz2lPKYeunPbIzzXkr7j5rJQWjDn86eRXXuB6UF/x6SA9p4yZL9At43L6lzTK5rnrey7GSouQ+pX0qcPPiyLAexk/rUKy0UE2tGwMnErfE/xBoxJfeo2PS3+NSkPX+Qfz15jEG2yQwlOPbMyu92zgKUfj5Cc880zYzR027CcTV/H6dm9Teacvrwq7F3P4WqK/jZdlG9S5UCjcP+zZn/SzQWe8AOOCh5eJSRKrJLUeTBy/HHuMMR7sHqzCXBuzxDHWcMKkN4GgRz6AuXzAgrFCvLwnQ5wcY9xzwv0CPeQprcmAuJl3xvcQ7eNQA93kn+F+hQ/uFih/jpuDevr1AJancA/hLJf7jJP6QurJXz5sRJfUB0zupCEDUjdIW5qAKV/WE6QdpCOPbLqzh7iuh4baGD1iKEaP2r0YwFmgHNXkeszv2Ln7eKTsvPc9fLhjmq1e22Nn85aNLa4JRXtebFHXbCJuK8vm3adCduuw+3nQpDUb7G4TreT32IGOwpWTjfibqNCFXchhG/7Ky9+1dMoiDpnuxRXGDpwwLsvf9WjxcqKUjo24bFu5QwJ0ki+7S+9XGjK0XWFZD/QW3zU9My1/BNNEV3vwS778xKEbkCudfDgTZ3nwF4eTr0mw8Kxj/q6VXVwyuUznVzjnOl3esxV5rsnjskwgnnKzd06chUlj0i+MDDZUtgxHGrQzZVYOYXQHadVrlld+mU5+fgedOMKz7uWpjEgYvS0IyEN+Jr38TYLtvlskQD6kUw8WBJALv/qChQhEWRmcsnBKQ3vkZ+cf2VEWpz7s5MvDDqUFGbvd8rZLbpECKdd+vEOPSCmXBR4kSjrpJ0+cFM9rBOzwwx/QFz0+dO6H+legvSd/6qlPboTwjEZ4Dumn4H507TXx8X/8eFx51ZWd+LzwrPnxW43cIVGIncUL5Uf+kFvfZVBmZfEXDfi71t6EWQgCYcgm26g35UUY7PL6M47Kw8/CjvI4UaBM4srXn+NEwsj2uogwRIntfOcAgaaXOrK4YHGDbAsFeeJAPeffaLVI5UQAEo6MqWfypMs/dek1E88beZJt0cOimXsEmF4WUNQVmcpKd2W16MX+2hEC63sXCCO7kGNxSd3J06kM5JqNnZxQHoRUP0ZQLeQg1xbpkH1lYSv55qsnFrUsTtAbidZvtQdhCLKFNIsi2qk8hQuzC69NqjeLS+zIhsppoUDdSnv++ef3fqUdqwcLZuwj/G/+5m+6DS2+KROdnUbRB+ipHftlC/WpfXvG6V8W4PQf/Vp/ZW/pkW3h+d0T9td/1Zs89Wt5WgBic+mk17fYUfkQc2Whs/q1iMHpt8Klz7aq3dFNfP0261yb4YxDGaYcfoW7Jpssp0LY3rcznMbgf39RBLhQKBR+yeDhMQgPlHzYeNB4KHm45ATcw9CDkL8HlfT5EJLGZFk6MHHw8BHGCTMZIWNwMp/xwcQxJ92u5TP4sMu4wkB6EC5M2pwk86MjHdzTwXXGEU6XlCk8wY+TJ5iwK4/44Fd6/nTNB7g4qSvwpwO/zBeE8/crvfC0NT/pMo+Mb/ICSUbcS0NP9hicLCgnR7/0E0+65t3kDsWaVqeKTJ6/qzym6UN/RLV/tb/FbzXXZftTLFu3bmzph7eJy4RYu8Z7hBFTpkyNEcNHtsmPPyXog4dO9yDsdGjC2/9bt2xtuq6PcePHdVnZJujkl5OXsrpOaCvi81NWEyZxTLKUg/3IGLQTZN1yruW3JwbbTdYVHTJu6pd6pf+e8qQdzBtSHhmuB8tU+AnSPnu6rBvXafu0sfrgBus8/ThpIPshP3VGJic82w255JjQmziDMM74JFyf0vYyT31Vf8n0wslHHsSxY6ediqvvGTeVE+me0gjw7Dlzmnzve2+IO5bc0dq318OG+kfmJjQCtHbN6hjbdB/ZnC9F9y9EWyRr/aAvQrX+nu1PWewo6ifIDL2EIzrKo/xIOiKjPHR2NBoxZx+LAkhX/j16u9xInZ1hefBzdDqPMSNtCLJwZZYOqSTLMwFpU076Sov4IptkIZJIFnvo03ZE6cxO9EDykS/5699ODCC1docRZDItbJBlR9txcUQLWURUlQ0x9HoA0idMOo4tyEbm3vrWt3a92QZBRtyEqyvfdLDwgdzZWUdylVVcaZF9p0LoingjfOyg3h2ZR9jla8eZ3uqBzZxekFZ5LYj4U4nCEFOyvHoyf/78fhrFnzNEZJ0osevsNRSnGNjYNyj8fVvEV3npjVS/4Q1v6HaxaGDnWRtUXu3QjrddcYvX5PrTntLL2+484q79+JOLFhLUB9ns7RsQXl2gF7vRzeKc9uxUgLSILF0tbjj1oe4QXzp5/YCfnX/+HPiuAsJv193Ck116/Ui7QJzVLbn0RPoRaPWjvAi/cAs4FgssJIkHTt7I0ykQbdHJEXH1ifuLIsCFQqHwSwgTKc6DLSfr7j0IPfxdeyB6QHlAemB64HLg4eXag0ZcDzpxOTJMEISbLEif+XD8pMnJKhn8PWhN6Dz4yTMpTXnikyeeCSk/8YA8+uREUZhfk1i/4klHRuojXxAOwkG+4osD/MU10cq49HJNlnD5QZbTvd+UmWBP6fgrg9/UmW7SsQlkemXgn5PzJMCQsvaEiUPq8pPr3Y9yOkjCrtua/sNbfuRAU8G/ze3O298tbVr1+EOxe8fO36jzAa37RFenpg2Fe8fudvV/EmAuIY5+kH1B+08nnvCM85O2uzt9xoPBcH2Vv/uUyy8xmB/Z4g6m4ZLIGR/c68PGBqQj44E+po/2MWZHGwuFtT4zcnQbK8nXSZrfkFfAWl4rGuHSbchVjDFjd49rw1q4Rakce3Ick5fxTr/Wv+Xll/70EwZsIkw5jN/GVr/An1OGjCN+ljXLIA/lIFscYSmDPnSRjhNHXGny+ZB+dkwRb2lAODnikssJT13FZ1e/dk2RTGTIOGgH07NC3sptBxahRmKF0UWeCCdZyLyy00V5pbE7795CAZvRA4G0uEDvLKsj74i9e2Se/Y3B7GM3lG5ZJ3RF2JE3ZA759aywUODEgPRIqJ1KiwF2iaWXJ6KL1NEBUfRagvIj414PsNuu/NqgfO3Sk++1AicDLCLIx+KD3X2LGPRCnn1PgFwk1MkAYeyP7COjWRdgIcFRdQsRdv59twGhZyOLBUg7Eotsek8+XyFhV0fy6eW1Bbv7dFLf5Du6j5yqC/n6boO6FHbSSSf1nXhhFhH8ZQWveiDwyuzkhUUOx+sRenrlDjPi/6pXvarL8U0Hx+gRZm2B7e8PigAXCoXCLxHyYW0S4NckwMPNr4e8X+5nwQRAPBOHBNlgAuKhmESRk5+40pjQyTsnUJmnNPxMvDyQc2KyJ+gpD2HyzAmPfPLer3h++ScybM/rxL35/XLAo/zneJx34tycP85umr6LbX6KfXpQTRsKPx36Wf4OXut76RIZbpJrnMjxKmEM0f/FyzEAUg5/41X6ic+PDPc5/iQyvTjiGkfkmWMYZD50EicJozGPLuT53bm9Xbd4I0Za5NM9vFqxsXcT792PuXvnuAc2+BK0b6U0q9yjn/GSLIQoSTfyIF3qJP/Ukx50p1vqK14SWv4gbtfxbntkmbjB8VoYP/HcC8v0IAzIdS0dPelDZ3IRt7QPeWT45Sc885CGIyP97bq6RmKzPEB3oBMbkZV290sHOiHFwsgVRoa80olDPseOmYe8+WW5pXfv2WShlD7iCCc/85cvGfzlx07SIM7qzTW7uAbPPeRVfHIdCUb+xEv9XMubDoA4S++eLbO+yJUfe9CFk849ORYZsvzIOtvKH9GWDqnOD6DZqbYba0dXfEfBkVU748j6hRde2Mk7Hci2a+0oOtKKlCuvvDgyfZzKzrIj6N4tp5swO8CcRQ7E1nvaFijoIw4CLJzuPkBnJ95xbyTXQoJ3w8FOuB1hBF1a5b4/KAJcKBQKhcIvBe7tcb578nqfGDLJbOl2mUy0uLt+WvwWT/CeaQqFPYA4JAavTbRhT7/0B2HpwCQ54/BDBkzKc/Kf4YBkCE/SIhxJkU48zrVwzjVZ4iaZ8Sss4ybIMqEHcRChjf1EydhOlnbI9+58HG9uSnVyvKOR5C1bdr8qQm4nt6Pa5L/Jc48ckYsAyB/ElXcSjNSHy3CkRxh5dEsbISZ+k2AgL8roPkkckJkQP++Fpz0TbIpIkSG/tOGgfOQsdRWXfxLB1I1jO/Fdkyce/ZUHYUNoEUB5CKOz+GTTI8uVOuavMLLdS5s2GcTgPT3FAekg07ChfNxnXnRwL91gu5AvZF0lpMkFDWVI22Serjny/apT1xaJxUmynjLZJ+3MLml7eoojH+n8pl35u85yCyNjUA9x5JXxOLLpk+HKYXGDv/S5QECOdFyC7ezgi6fcCHWeDAC71coCdLAYkOHkCqeP/LQdxJlO2RakyfLcHxQBLhQKhUJhX0UR4MJexCAxuDfkBNvEmYOc0Jowm6APhplwC+dcJykSN2VxKUMczjWIn3IHdct0CenFSxIgDzpIk+SFv3u/qaN3en1Qrv8FDHlt3da/8Jx/E3hXi5Npd+5o8vzX4m3Z6s9EjukfqnOPECBSuQtK3yxL5pXlEj/v/aZOfvkNlnVQ53Tpr7zKLT9x5M8v802bk4cMCUO+2IN/5oGsZJqUTy9wn3H9ysO1cLaWN9l+uUxjR1k8eSXpcY9YI0bgXlxyyAa6gjAuyalrcchKm8lPevdZ7mxHHPB3LSzrJNNknuIMynMNrlOfTHdfkIYTJ+PlfeF/BkWAC4VCoVDYV9HJbJus5hHodLvunnjdM/8yVWjxhkxskwBb9d+9i1AoQE7+4d4m7+mHQCQ5GCRa0idZGJQFgwRhTzlJkPgPEhPhiIkwpBbEzTwRJL/uk4ilLn6lz7zEdY2AiW9XrNGldt2Iz/DdOu/Y1ghTl7u1d50Rd5NF2KV8TV4vY8tnx66d93ycKnf9yEYoXSNrZCb5TOIpjAwuy85leaUXlyzp+WV815BlzLQgPT9pOP5pA2GZt7BBkDuIPcMHMRg34/H7aWkKhf8JFAEuFAqFQmFfRRHgwl7EvRGceyM3SBWyBUm0EmQIGyRjwlO26/QfRJK7DENY+Q3u9GXaRObBP8mwe3m5hsxX+oyb8lpO7boF9n8aRG2XmWYwr0Kh8IuDIsCFQqFQKOyrGPLRFcShz+LbzD2PNefE/e4pQhLl7pIAO4r4k3feCoVCoVD434CfLLkVCoVCoVAo/EwMEuRCoVAoFP53oXaAC4VCoVDYp2EaUIS2UCgUCvsGage4UCgUCoV9GkV+C4VCobDvoAhwoVAoFAqFQqFQKBT2CRQBLhQKhUKhUCgUCoXCPoEiwIVCoVAoFAqFQqFQ2CdQBLhQKBQKhUKhUCgUCvsEigAXCoVCoVAoFAqFQmGfQBHgQqFQKBQKhUKhUCjsEygCXCgUCoVCoVAoFAqFfQJFgAuFQqFQKBQKhUKhsE+gCHChUCgUCoVCoVAoFPYJFAEuFAqFQqFQKBQKhcI+gSLAhUKhUCgUCoVCoVDYJ1AEuFAoFAqFQqFQKBQK+wSKABcKhUKhUCgUCoVCYZ9AEeBCoVAoFAqFQqFQKOwTGNq5c+euu68LhUKhUNjr2LVrV3dDQ0N3+/wEGTZs2H9dj8349xZWKBQKhUKh8POiCHChUCgUOnbs2BFbtmzphHPMmDHRng/d36+w0aNH9+vt27d3Yjp8+PB7iKrrPZGEV3wuiay4SW7J44Txd51hKb8IcKFQKBQKhb2FmlUUCoVCoQPZHDFiRCe/SCji6XfkyJHdrVmzJu66665OksVBajds2NB/EWQuCW2S2ySw5Gzbtq3n4941l8RXvHSQ+XOFQqFQKBQKewu1A1woFAqFDgQWAd26dWusWLEixo4dG5MnT45Ro0Z1Mov4ChskpXaFk8TuCSQWNm/eHJs2beryxCdj48aN94S7RrCnTp16zw4wIOP0yftCoVAoFAqF+4siwIVCoVDosJOL+H7+85+P9773vXH77bd3vySrxx57bLzuda+LWbNmxRe/+MWe5qyzzopDDz20X98XEF5u/Pjx/T53hhHj66+/Pi6++OKYN29enHTSSX1nGaGWX+4I3xu5LhQKhUKhUPh5UGfLCoVCodCBdI4bNy4mTJjQiegpp5wSb3nLW+KDH/xgnHPOOfHkJz85jj766E5kEeVbbrklVq1a1UlyktVBh+hyCK2d3yS1doOl/eY3vxmf+MQn4mMf+1h8+9vfjrVr13ayy9Wub6FQKBQKhf8J1A5woVAoFDoQWbuyX/nKV+Kd73xnPOMZz4iXvOQlMW3atE5khSGmyLFd4XynFwmeM2dOv96TBIM0jlEjwtIsXLgwLrroorj88svjqquu6vfyetOb3hQzZsz4P9IWGS4UCoVCobC3UDvAhUKhUOiw82p3127t+vXrOwn13m4SUmF2iL0LbAcXeUVq586d2z+Qxe+aa66JK664opPbJLjC8iNZyCz5Bx54YBx//PF9V/khD3lIJ9jyzw9pJQEuFAqFQqFQ2JsoAlwoFAqFDqTTLq9d2okTJ97z0ar8yrNjz776jND+8z//c7z2ta+NBQsW9Pd7f/jDH8YrX/nKePrTnx7Pfe5z43nPe14885nPjNe85jX9XWIftEJwEebZs2fH0572tHjBC14Q8+fPjxNPPPGer0vnkWn5uc9d5kKhUCgUCoW9gSLAhUKhUPgvsEt75513xpe//OV44xvfGCeffHKcdtpp8dnPfrYTVUegHYtGlpcvX94Jsp1hX3F++9vf3snxK17xiv5l56OOOqofa0aSkVkkG8HN94bzaDU/v+vWrevkVzgnvFAoFAqFQmFvoQhwoVAoFDqQUKQVAUZGV69e3d/vRUp9uMrHsewMg51hO7ruEVnHna+77rpOjg8++OCYPn16P+b86Ec/un81WvwkvvlVaNdIMfneKXbsWr7yJyePYxcKhUKhUCjsLRQBLhQKhcJ/AaL7oAc9KJ797GfHBz7wgbj00kv7h7FOPfXU2H///fuurOPJPmxl5xcQ4ZkzZ/a45513Xv+ys11iu8KIrTSOQSO0nHTSO0599dVX93DvEh9wwAGdAOfRZ0S5UCgUCoVCYW+hCHChUCgUOuzkIrYrV67su7+cndncGUaMEVJk1W8eZ16yZEl873vfiylTpnQ5wp761Kf2vxl8wgkndLKL0ErHOeLsPt/xJcOOMWIsLI9G5w5xoVAoFAqFwt5CEeBCoVAodNh5RT7zOLLdWb/AX7hdXCQVQUVgIQnu5z73ufjMZz4Tl1xySSe1N910U1x22WVdht1exJhznNrXob/73e/2Y9OOQCO7PqTlKLVrkIej0IVCoVAoFAp7C0WAC4VCodCRO6+TJ0/uR5EdaXaE2e4vIK7I6dq1a/uRZ0ecEV8fwkJy7eI+/OEP7/5f/epX421ve1ucffbZfXeY7CS23iv2d4A/8YlP9A9rub/++uvjox/9aPzHf/xHv5end4wz70KhUCgUCoW9gaE22ak/tlgoFAqFDgTYDi+HfNrJTQjzZ5CQX+GOSvtTSd7hfcc73hFHHnlknHPOOX2XeOnSpXHBBRfEhRde2L8Mfdxxx3UZiLCd5RtuuKEfnV68eHFceeWV/fizj14dc8wx8bjHPa4T8DwOTV6hUCgUCoXC3kAR4EKhUCjcA4TzvoAA2+n1ri9y6ugyguzI86tf/ep4/vOfH2eeeWbfFXZc+txzz+1Hot///vd3UstP/DxqzZHjKDU/X4BGhL1rbLfYvV1gxLhQKBQKhUJhb6COQBcKhULhZwJZRUoRVfCLrPr1nq5d2ne/+93x+te/Pr70pS/Fxz/+8X6c2Z9EmjdvXg9HZpP0IsL87DL7RXIdtyZLHGRb/Nr9LRQKhUKhsDdRO8CFQqFQ+JlIAuwjVnZo3btGZlesWNGPQfvzRwixd4EdgfZ3gH0N+rGPfWxPi9CmSyKdchHhQb/8RYTrPeBCoVAoFAp7C0WAC4VCofB/DcebEdIkwHZykWBfeXYt3EeyhPsYFj8kVtzc7QV+SXQRYvccEpy/wsm201woFAqFQqGwN1AEuFAoFAr3IHdh7wvIKeTubBJcpNcR5iTEwu3sJuFFciFJr7C8zj+RBOJJL10S6toBLhQKhUKhsLdQ7wAXCoVC4WciCS2CjJgiqoPHlpFYH8USj5+/JYy8+pCVD2chtRyy7DdlJDEmG4RLI06hUCgUCoXC3kbtABcKhULhHtzXDjBii9T6SFWSVkBUkVcE2N8JRmzFAWns7OYOr3S5IywM2eX4Icvi8fdVaORafPeFQqFQKBQKewtFgAuFQqFQKBQKhUKhsE+gjkAXCoVCoVAoFAqFQmGfQBHgQqFQKBQKhUKhUCjsEygCXCgUCoVCoVAoFAqFfQJFgAuFQqFQKBQKhUKhsE+gCHChUCgUCoVCoVAoFPYJFAEuFAqFQqFQKBQKhcI+gSLAhUKhUCgUCoVCoVDYBxDx/wMGk3YEvDfI0wAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Figure 10: Diagrammatic comparison of processes across WO 506, WO 507 and SG
29P

192 I disagree with the plaintiffs’ characterisation of the differences
between the compounds referred to as “Formula 1” and “Formula 7” in WO 506 and
bortezomib in SG 29P. My reasons are as follows.

193 While it is true, as the plaintiffs point out, that the pyrazine moiety
(present in bortezomib) is absent in the compound referred to as “Formula 7”
in WO 506, it is an exaggeration to conclude on that basis that the comparison
of molecules in the compound referred to as “Formula 7” in WO 506 and
bortezomib in SG 29P is akin to comparing “apples and oranges”. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

PCS at para 187.

The active part of the molecules for the chemical reaction remains analogous.
Indeed, the plaintiffs themselves refer to other common aspects of the
molecules in the compound referred to as “Formula 7” in WO 506 and bortezomib
in SG 29P. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

PCS at para 181(c)–(d).

These include the presence of the carbonyl moiety and the two amide moieties
in both the compound referred to as “Formula 7” in WO 506 and bortezomib in SG
29P. 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

PCS at para 181(c)–(d).

194 The plaintiffs have also relied on the fact that the pyrazine moiety in
bortezomib belongs to a broad group termed “aromatic moieties”, and that WO
506 does not disclose any example where the carbonyl moiety is directly
attached to the ring of an aromatic moiety. 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

PCS at para 186.

In their submission, this renders the compounds disclosed in WO 506 so
different from the bortezomib in SG 29P, such that WO 506 does not disclose
the synthesis of analogous compounds and therefore does not disclose the same
chemical process. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

PCS at para 187.

Dr Johannes accepts that pyrazine does not fall within the definition of “X”
in the compound referred to as “Formula 7” in “General Scheme 1” of WO 506
(see also [190] above). 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

Transcript (27 October 2021) at p 144 ln 21 to 25.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 11: Definition of "X" in compound referred to as "Formula 7" in the
process described in "General Scheme 1" of WO 506.

Dr Johannes claims instead that the chemical process reaction in WO 506 would
be performed successfully even if “X” in the compound referred to as “Formula
7” in “General Scheme 1” is a pyrazine moiety. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at para 186.

In his view, this is true notwithstanding that “X” is defined narrowly in
“General Scheme 1” of WO 506. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at para 186.

The plaintiffs do not make any substantive submissions in response to this
claim pertaining to WO 506, save that the assertion is “myopic” and a “red
herring” as it reduces the synthesis process described in WO 506 and SG 29P to
the formation of an amide bond. 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

PCS at para 191.

Despite the plaintiffs’ best efforts to draw large the dissimilarities between
the compound referred to as “Formula 7” in WO 506 and bortezomib in SG 29P,
the defendant’s submission is that the compounds in WO 506 and bortezomib are
analogous, not that they are identical. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at para 185.

That the plaintiffs make much of the fact that the pyrazine moiety is not
present in the compounds in WO 506 is neither here nor there. However, WO 506
does not independently constitute sufficient prior art which anticipates the
invention in SG 29P because of the differences in the structures of the
compounds involved in the process of synthesis. Indeed, the argument that the
defendant pursues with more force is that the convergent synthesis taught in
WO 506 for analogous compounds with the phenylalanine amino group renders the
teaching in claim 1 of SG 29P obvious. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at para 189.

195 In my view, the combination of WO 506 and WO 507 as prior art in the
obviousness inquiry is far more probative in the assessment of validity of
claim 1 of SG 29P. This is considered below as part of the inventiveness
requirement (see [204]–[212] below).

(b) WO 507

196 The defendant submits that WO 507, which is a product patent for another
boronic acid in the same class of organochemicals as bortezomib, also
anticipates the use of convergent synthesis in the manufacture of bortezomib.
252

##### Foot Note 252

×

DCS at paras 261–262; Dr Johannes’ Expert Report at paras 135–136.

In its submissions on novelty, the defendant relies also on WO 266 and US 454,
which are referred to in WO 507. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

DCS at para 261; Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at paras 121–122, 125 and
129.

Dr Johannes averred that US 454 disclosed the compound referred to as BZM-4 in
DRL’s process. As for WO 266, he described the process which involves the
coupling of “a phenylalanine amino acid moiety” and “a pyrazine moiety” in
linear manner, that is, through stepwise or linear synthesis. 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at paras 182 and 183.

Dr Johannes presented the view that while WO 507 does not itself involve the
synthesis of bortezomib, it refers to WO 266 which describes the linear
synthesis of bortezomib. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at para 183.

197 Conversely, the plaintiffs submit that WO 266 and US 454 are irrelevant to
the convergent synthesis process taught in SG 29P as they relate to linear
synthesis. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

PCS at paras 171–172.

For WO 507, Prof Chiba emphasises that it only discloses compounds where amide
bonds are directly attached to the aromatic ring, as compared to a carbonyl
bond being directly linked to the aromatic ring as disclosed in SG 29P. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

PCS at paras 207–208.

198 In respect of the defendant’s reliance on WO 266 and US 454, I agree with
the plaintiffs that they are irrelevant to the determination of whether SG 29P
is novel. To recapitulate, the parties are in agreement that the core claimed
inventive concept in SG 29P is the convergent synthesis of bortezomib. Dr
Johannes agreed that WO 266 and US 454 were irrelevant in terms of convergent
synthesis: 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

Transcript (27 October 2021) at p 67 ln 19 to 23.

Q: Yes, because 454 and 266 do not teach convergent synthesis, so in that
regard 454 and 266 are therefore irrelevant. Do you agree?

A: Not everything in there is irrelevant but in terms of convergency, yes.

From his evidence, the position taken by Dr Johannes appears to be that WO 266
and US 454 remain relevant prior art in the determination of the novelty of SG
29P in respect of matters aside from convergent synthesis. However, apart from
stating that the compound and eventual product involved in US 454 and WO 266
pertain to the compound referred to as Formulas (VII) or (XVIII) in SG 29P and
BZM-4 in DRL’s process, and bortezomib respectively, the defendant has not
shown how else the respective prior art, US 454 and WO 266, are individually
relevant. This, in my view, is an unsustainable position to take. Having taken
the position that the core claimed invention in SG 29P is the teaching of the
convergent synthesis of bortezomib, the defendant cannot continue to assert
the relevance of WO 266 and US 454 as individual pieces of prior art despite
accepting that they are irrelevant to the discussion on convergent synthesis.
WO 266 and US 454 therefore do not respectively anticipate claim 1 of SG 29P
(and indeed the novelty of the other asserted claims of SG 29P, which are also
premised on the inventive concept in claim 1).

199 I turn now to the issue of whether WO 507 anticipates claim 1 of SG 29P.

200 In my view, the plaintiffs are correct in saying that the compounds in WO
507 are even less analogous to bortezomib in SG 29P. The parties do not
dispute that no carbonyl bond is directly linked to the aromatic ring in the
compounds described in WO 507, 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

PCS at paras 208–209.

and the aromatic moiety in the compounds described in WO 507 is pyrazine-N-
oxide, not pyrazine (as is present in bortezomib). 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

PCS at para 210.

These differences have the sum effect of rendering the compound referred to as
“(I)” in WO 507 more analogous to a class of compounds known as benzyl
malonate derivatives, rather than to the class of compounds that bortezomib
belongs to. 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

Prof Chiba’s Second Expert Report at para 64(d).

However, it remains that the reaction to form the amide bond on the boronate
side of the molecule in the compound referred to as “(I)” in WO 507 is
successful in a manner that is analogous to SG 29P. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

Comments on Case 817-2019 at p 13.

Indeed, as Dr Johannes explains in his Second Expert Report at paragraphs 193
to 194, the fact that the compound referred to as “(I)” in WO 507 has a
terminal oxidised pyrazine group as opposed to a terminal pyrazine group in
the case of bortezomib in SG 29P may not impact the convergent coupling of
compounds referred to as “(V)” and “(IV)” taught in WO 507:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 12: Patent specification of WO 507 at p 8

201 Dr Johannes, however, approaches the relevance of WO 507 in respect of
inventiveness with greater force. He averred that WO 507 is relevant when it
is taken together with WO 266 and WO 506, and that renders the claimed
convergent synthesis in claim 1 of SG 29P obvious to a person skilled in the
art. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at para 196.

This is similarly the approach taken in the defendant’s submissions. Given
that WO 507 involves compounds which are even less analogous to those in SG
29P as compared to WO 506, there is an even greater hurdle for the person
skilled in the art to draw on WO 507 to make the claimed invention in claim 1
of SG 29P. Bearing in mind my discussion at [194] above, WO 507 therefore does
not anticipate claim 1 of SG 29P.

202 I will consider the relevant prior art by mosaicking in the inventive step
inquiry below (see [204]–[212]).

(c) US 079

203 Although the defendant claims to rely on US 079 in its case on novelty of
claim 1 of SG 29P, there is no elaboration on this point. The defendant’s
expert only relies on US 079 to show that the compound referred to as BZM-8 in
DRL’s process is a known compound. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at para 125.

The defendant has therefore not shown how US 079 anticipates claim 1 of SG
29P.

(B) Inventiveness of claim 1 of SG 29P

(I) Whether the prior art renders claim 1 of SG 29P obvious

204 I turn now to the obviousness inquiry pertaining to claim 1 of SG 29P, and
apply the Windsurfing test as I set out above (see [81]). Parties do not
dispute that the state of the art relevant in the novelty inquiry is equally
relevant to the inquiry pertaining to inventive step for SG 29P.

205 Before I consider if claim 1 of SG 29P lacks inventive step, I set out the
parties’ cases on obviousness briefly. As I set out above at [179], the
plaintiffs consider the core inventive concept of SG 29P to be the convergent
coupling of the compounds of Formulas (XVIII) and (XIXa) to produce a compound
of Formula (XXIII). The compound of Formula (XXIII) is deprotected to form a
compound of Formula (XIV) which is bortezomib. The plaintiffs contend that WO
266 and US 454 relate to linear synthesis and are therefore “not relevant” to
the convergent synthesis of bortezomib as taught in SG 29P. 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

PCS at paras 171 and 172.

The plaintiffs also deny that WO 506 and WO 507 disclose the synthesis of
analogous compounds and therefore the same chemical process. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

PCS at paras 187 and 204.

The defendant alleges that convergent synthesis is well known in the art of
organic chemistry and has been taught in the field of synthesising
organochemical compounds, 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

DCS at para 265.

and claim 1 of SG 29P is obvious in view of US 079, WO 266, US 454, WO 506 and
WO 507. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

DCS at para 266; DRS at paras 69 and 88.

206 For the person skilled in the art, claim 1 of SG 29P is obvious given the
prior art. There is no dispute that the methods of linear synthesis and
convergent synthesis form part of the common general knowledge held by the
person skilled in the art. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

DCS at para 257; Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 20 ln 5 to 15.

As Dr Johannes points out, bortezomib and the compounds of WO 506 and WO 507
are analogous and the “convergent” synthesis process is used in these cases.
More importantly, WO 506 and WO 507 make reference to WO 266, which is a
product patent of bortezomib. WO 506 and WO 507 disclose the convergent
synthesis process for sufficiently similar compounds, and having considered
them in the context of the synthesis of bortezomib (ie, WO 266), the inventive
concept of SG 29P is rendered obvious. In summary, Dr Johannes outlined the
following aspects of claim 1 of SG 29P that would be obvious to the person
skilled in the art:

(a) The existence of the compound denoted by “BZM-4” (in the defendant’s
process) or Formula (XVIII) (in the plaintiffs’ process) was known in US 454,
WO 506 and WO 507. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

DRS at para 88(b); Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at paras 58–60 and Dr
Johannes’ Second Expert Report at paras 121–124.

(b) The compound denoted by “BZM-8” (in the defendant’s process) or Formula
(XIXa) (in the plaintiffs’ process) was known in US 079. 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

DRS at para 88(b); Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at paras 61–62 and Dr
Johannes’ Second Expert Report at paras 125–127.

(c) Linear synthesis for the preparation of bortezomib is disclosed in WO 266
and US 454 with priority dates in 1996 and 1998 respectively. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

DRS at para 88(c).

(d) Convergent synthesis is a well-known alternative process to linear
synthesis. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

DRS at para 88(d).

(e) WO 506 and WO 507 demonstrated an analogous application of the convergent
synthesis process to that in SG 29P. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

Dr Johannes’ First Expert Report at paras 140–150.

207 The main contention between the parties (see [205] above) is whether the
processes and compounds in WO 506 and WO 507 are analogous to SG 29P. The
defendant submits that bortezomib is a known compound and pyrazine ring
attachment with the carbonyl is already known in the art in WO 266 and US 454.
275

##### Foot Note 275

×

DRS at para 84.

According to the defendant, the person skilled in the art would consider
reagents according to the structure of bortezomib, and not necessarily the
compounds described in WO 506 and WO 507. 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

DRS at para 85.

The compounds in WO 506 and WO 507 share sufficiently similar structural
characteristics with the intermediates used in the synthesis of bortezomib in
SG 29P. The diagram below illustrates the similarities between WO 506, WO 507
and SG 29P vis-à-vis the convergent synthesis process for the formation of the
amide bond in boronic acid compounds: 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

DRS at para 87.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 13 Comparison of WO 506, WO 507 and SG 29P

208 In my view, given that convergent synthesis is a known alternative to
linear synthesis, and the use of the linear synthesis process for the
preparation of bortezomib in WO 266 and US 454, the person skilled in the art
would likely consider the use of the convergent synthesis process for the
manufacture of bortezomib. In cross-examination, Prof Chiba was asked if the
two methods of synthesis would be available to the person skilled in the art
who was engaged in chemistry research to produce a type of boronic acid. The
pertinent section of his responses is reproduced below: 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 26 ln 17 to p 28 ln 4.

Q: I'm a researcher?

A: Yes.

Q: I want to make a new class, a new type of boronic acid?

A: Okay.

Q: I've got my reactants in the test tube.

A: Yes.

Q: How to combine the reactants?

A: Okay.

Q: I start my research. Let me read up on the basic theories.

A: Yes.

Q: I go to an advanced chemistry process, chemical process or chemical
engineering textbook or chemistry textbook?

A: Yes.

Q: I will be able to find in the textbooks two types of process?

A: Okay.

Q: Linear synthesis, secondly, convergent synthesis?

A: Okay.

Q: Correct?

A: I understand your questions. Can I ask you before I say yes or no? Your
textbook mentions linear synthesis and also convergent synthesis of your
target compounds, is it?

Q: No, general question, two general types of process. Step one which is
linear, and convergence?

A: Before that you should understand the difficulty of convergent process.

Q: No. Prof Chiba, I would put it to you, this is a general question, would
linear synthesis be disclosed in the textbooks?

A: Yes.

Q: Yes. Would convergence synthesis be disclosed in the textbooks?

A: Yes, but depending on the molecules --

Q: Your answer is "yes".

209 Prof Chiba also agreed that convergent synthesis was illustrated and
taught in WO 506. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 29 ln 3 to 9.

That being said, Prof Chiba took the position that convergent synthesis was
known, but the convergent synthesis of bortezomib was not. 280

##### Foot Note 280

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 29 ln 17 to 19.

Eventually, Prof Chiba agreed that WO 506 taught the use of convergent
synthesis in connection with a boronic acid and further that the compound in
WO 506 is analogous to bortezomib. 281

##### Foot Note 281

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 36 ln 2 to 19.

210 It is clear from the relevant portion of the cross-examination reproduced
below that Prof Chiba agrees that the person skilled in the art would try the
convergent synthesis process in WO 506 and WO 507, which used the convergent
synthesis process for the synthesis of analogous compounds:

Q: Would you be able -- if I show you the 506 patent, if I show you the
Bortezomib patent and I ask you would you be able to develop convergent
synthesis for Bortezomib, what would your answer be?

… We have a time machine. We are now in 2003?

A: Yes.

Q: I come to you and say, "Mr Chiba, I show you this patent, 1994 Patent",
right?

A: Yes.

Q: For this compound called Bortezomib?

A: Yes.

Q: I show you these two patents 506, 507?

A: Yes.

Q: And if I say, "Can you, using these two documents, make Bortezomib for me
using 506 and 507, the methods shown in 506 and 507", would you be able to do
that?

A: Would I be able to do that? If you ask me to implement practice 506 Patent,
507 Patent protocol to make Bortezomib?

Q: Yes.

A: If you ask me, yes, we can try.

Q: Okay. Following on your question, if I approached you to synthesis
Bortezomib in line with the 506 and 507 Patent.

A: Yes.

Q: Right? You can try, you said, to use the convergent synthesis to make
Bortezomib?

A: Yes.

211 In my view, bortezomib and the compounds in WO 506 and WO 507 are
sufficiently analogous. Apart from belonging to the class of boronic acids,
they are also expected to engage in similar chemistry. During cross-
examination, Dr Johannes explains how this is so in the context of the
analogous nature of the compounds of WO 507 and bortezomib in SG 29P: 282

##### Foot Note 282

×

Transcript (27 October 2021) at p 169 ln 1 to 22.

Q: So I put it to you that patent 507 does not teach the synthesis of
Bortezomib. Agree or disagree?

A: I disagree. And can I make a clarification on the, I guess the biological
activity of these compounds is all predicated on the first two amino acids.
The majority of its activity. And in these cases, the derivatives that are
suggested and listed are meant to expand on the chemical space to take
advantage of that chromophore. The chromophore are, in this case, the active
component of the drug, in this case, that prevents or inhibits the proteasome,
is the boronic acid warhead itself with the phenylalanine amino acid adjacent
to it. And these other compounds are analogous in the sense that they are
similar and all of those compounds are that way. The synthesis to them uses
very known chemistry to people, experts in this area such as myself. So the
process and the chemistry used to do those are very straightforward. There's
no imaginative chemistry or conditions here that weren't already known in the
art.

[emphasis added]

As I explain above at [39], the proteasome is an enzyme complex that is an
important target for pharmaceutical drugs in anti-cancer therapy. Dr Johannes’
testimony therefore explains that the active component of the boronic acid
compounds influence their biological activity, and the compounds in WO 506 and
WO 507 are therefore similar to bortezomib in that way. In my view, on Prof
Chiba’s evidence that a person skilled in the art in possession of WO 506 and
WO 507 would be able to try the method of convergent synthesis of bortezomib
(see [210] above), and that the method of convergent synthesis in WO 506 and
WO 507 pertains to the chemically similar boronic acid compounds, I find that
convergent synthesis would be seen by the person skilled in the art as obvious
to try for the synthesis of bortezomib with a fair expectation of success.

212 Given the analogous processes in WO 506 and WO 507 and the existence of
the relevant compounds in the state of the art in US 079, WO 266 and US 454
prior to the filing of SG 29P, the person skilled in the art would have been
able to resolve the differences in the compounds involved in the convergent
synthesis process in WO 506 and WO 507 without any degree of invention. WO 506
and WO 507 have priority dates in 2003, which are before the priority date of
SG 29P on 24 March 2005. Indeed, it appears that claim 1 of SG 29P (and indeed
the inventive concept of SG 29P), which claims the convergent synthesis of
bortezomib, is no more than a workshop variation to the use of convergent
synthesis to synthesise the analogous boronic acids in WO 506 and WO 507. This
is buttressed by the fact that linear synthesis and convergent synthesis were
known alternative processes in the common general knowledge, and WO 266 and US
454 recorded the use of the former in the synthesis of bortezomib. Taken
together with the common general knowledge, it would have been obvious for the
person skilled in the art with possession of WO 506 and WO 507 to try the
method of convergent synthesis in the synthesis of bortezomib with a
reasonable expectation of success of arriving at the core inventive concept in
SG 29P.

(II) Whether there was technical prejudice

213 I address also Prof Chiba’s argument that there existed industry opinion
against the utility of the processes advanced in WO 506 and WO 507 at the
time. In G C Barrett & D T Elmore, Amino acids and Peptides (Cambridge
University Press, 1998) (“Barrett”), the authors highlight the issue of
enatiomerisation (which lowers the efficacy and yield of the reaction) during
the coupling step in reaction processes using the intermediate compound with
the Formula (XIXa). This stems from the observation in Barrett that the use of
convergent synthesis for the compounds containing the terminal acyl group on a
α-amino group may lead to increased rates of enantiomerisation. Prof Chiba
suggests that this would cause the skilled process chemist to find it counter-
intuitive to embark on the process claimed in claim 1 of 29P. 283

##### Foot Note 283

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 258.

The defendant submits, however, that the structure of the group attached to
α-amino group is but one factor in determining enantiomerisation. 284

##### Foot Note 284

×

DRS at para 117.

214 I do not accept that Barrett would be construed in the manner that Prof
Chiba contemplates. Given the common general knowledge at the time and the
existence of the other materials pertaining to convergent synthesis, the
person skilled in the art is not likely to interpret Barrett as forming a
significant hurdle to the convergent synthesis process in claim 1 of SG 29P. I
explain this below with reference to the earlier statement of the law (see
[87]–[89] above).

215 I agree with the defendant that Barrett describes the structure of the
group attached to α-amino group as one factor for determining
enantiomerisation. 285

##### Foot Note 285

×

DCS at paras 276–277.

The relevant portion of Barrett is reproduced below: 286

##### Foot Note 286

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at Appendix Q, p 2254.

The factors that determine the extent of enantiomerisation (Kemp, 1979)
include (a) the structure of the group attached to the α-amino group of the
next residue to be coupled, (b) the structure of the next residue to be
coupled, (c) the coupling procedure, (d) the choice of solvent and (e) control
of the temperature.

The plaintiffs rely on Barrett for the proposition that the use of the
convergent synthesis process employed in claim 1 of SG 29P was discouraged at
the time because it cautioned the use of convergent synthesis where there is
an acyl group on the α-amino group. However, as is apparent from the extract,
Barrett only summarised the relevant factors going toward epimerisation. The
findings in Barrett only suggest that some level of enantiomerisation can
occur and the enantiomerisation is ultimately case-dependent in nature.

216 Furthermore, even if it is assumed that a person skilled in the art
reading Barrett would understand that there would be problems with having
terminal acyl group on the α-amino group for the convergent synthesis, WO 506
would have been available at the priority date of SG 29P. Barrett was
published in 1998, while WO 506 has the priority date of 24 April 2003. WO 506
disclosed the use of convergent synthesis for the compounds containing the
acyl group on α-amino group and taught the use of convergent synthesis without
real or potential epimerisation due to the phenylalanine moiety. 287

##### Foot Note 287

×

DCS at paras 277–278; DRS at paras 117–118.

In spite of the proposition relied on by the plaintiffs in Barrett, the person
skilled in the art is likely (with the materials available at the time) to try
adjusting factors so as to manage the level of enantiomerisation. Enantiomers
were an expected impurity (see [52] above), and the notional person skilled in
the art would at the very least try the convergent synthesis method and take
steps to deal with such impurity as it arises. In cross-examination, Dr
Johannes responded to the relevance of Barrett as follows: 288

##### Foot Note 288

×

Transcript (27 October 2021) at p 164 ln 20 to p 165 ln 22.

Q: -- trying to ascertain what was the common general knowledge then. In
Barrett, which is a basic textbook for peptide bonds, okay –

A: Yes.

Q: -- it teaches that there is the use of the urethane group because the acyl
group would cause enantiomerisation, do you agree with me or not?

A: I agree that the textbook states it is a concern, that doesn't definitively
state that it will always happen.

Q: Okay. So you agree that that's the common general knowledge. So if I were
to approach you in 2003, 2004 and telling you please do the convergent
synthesis of Bortezomib, as a person skilled in the art, something that would
concern you would be aha, there is this teaching that it's going to cause this
epimerization. Now, can you confirm as well at the material time there is not
a single prior art that teaches the convergent synthesis of Bortezomib at that
material time? Agree or disagree?

A. The specifics in Bortezomib convergently I believe that is correct. The
general knowledge of a convergent synthesis to try is obvious. And given the
improvements to the yields that can be made in a convergent synthesis, despite
the general common knowledge that a urethane group would provide an
epimerization, one would still try that reaction and identify if that is the
case.

[emphasis added]

I find therefore that there is no technical prejudice occasioned by Barrett in
the structure of the group attached to the α-amino group.

217 Taking the evidence as a whole, I am satisfied that the relevant prior art
rendered the claimed invention in claim 1 of SG 29P obvious.

218 As the dependent claims 2–4 and 6 are contingent on the validity of claim
1, on the Sunseap approach, I find that they are invalid for lack of inventive
step for the same reasons set out above. Following the reasoning of the Court
of Appeal in Sunseap, SG 29P is therefore invalid. In any case, the parties’
positions are that the other asserted dependent claims are contingent on the
same inventive concept in claim 1 of SG 29P (ie, convergent synthesis). Thus,
even on a claim-by-claim basis, the other asserted dependent claims are
invalid for lack of inventive step on the basis that claim 1 is invalid for
lack of inventive step.

219 Having found SG 29P to be invalid for lack of inventive step, I do not
venture into the arguments presented by the defendant on the added subject
matter in claim 1 of SG 29P.

Whether SG 322 is infringed

220 I turn now to consider if the Patents are infringed. As I have concluded
that SG 322 is partially valid (in so far as the claims relate to the
inventive concept in claim 1(b)(ii)), I deal with the next question of whether
the asserted claims in SG 322 have been infringed by DRL’s manufacturing
process. There is no need to consider if SG 29P is infringed as I have found
above that it is invalid for lack of inventive step.

Whether the burden of proof has shifted to the defendant

221 Before I proceed with the issue of infringement, I first consider whether
the burden of proof has shifted to the defendant. The relevant law on the
invocation of s 68(1) of the Patents Act is set out above (see [94]–[97]).

222 It is well-established that the party alleging patent infringement bears
the burden of proving the claim. In bringing the present proceedings, the
plaintiffs seek to persuade this Court that there is a reversal of burden of
proof under s 68(1) of the Patents Act such that the defendant now bears the
onus to prove that the Alleged Infringing Product (ie, bortezomib) is not made
by the patented process in SG 322.

223 Section 68(1) is successfully invoked if the plaintiff shows that the
patented process is to obtain a new product or that a substantial likelihood
exists that the product is made by the patented process and the proprietor of
the patent is unable through reasonable efforts to determine the process
actually used. The plaintiffs rely on the second limb, which is to show that a
substantial likelihood exists that the Alleged Infringing Product (ie,
bortezomib) is made by the patented process in SG 322 and the plaintiffs are
unable through reasonable efforts to determine the actual process used. The
case advanced by the plaintiffs is that the yields of bortezomib achieved by
DRL’s manufacturing process must indicate that MTBE (or an ether solvent of
low miscibility with water) was used in their process.

224 To place this discussion in context, I set out the key features of DRL’s
manufacturing process of the Alleged Infringing Product (ie, bortezomib).
According to Mr Amarendhar, the manufacturing process consists of the
following: 289

##### Foot Note 289

×

Mr Amarendhar’s AEIC at para 18.

(a) Isobutyl boronic acid is reacted with (+)– Pinanediol to make the compound
referred to as BZM-1, which is homologated using the Matteson reaction
conditions in nitrogen atmosphere in the presence of THF as a solvent to
synthesise BZM-2. Before using THF as a solvent, the water content is kept at
not more than 0.1%. THF is a water-miscible solvent. It does not involve the
use of an ether solvent with low miscibility with water, such as MTBE.

(b) The compound referred to as BZM-2 is converted to N-silyl protected amine,
ie, BZM-3, using lithium bis(trimethylsilyl)amide) in the presence of THF
under nitrogen atmosphere at 25 to 30 degrees Celsius. The silyl group of the
compound referred to as BZM-3 is deprotected by using trifluoroacetic acid
(“TFA”) to give the compound referred to as BZM-4.

(c) The (+)– Pinanediol was selected as the chiral auxiliary for generating
the S-isomer of carbon bearing chlorine in the “BZM-2 stage”.

(d) During the development of this process, the reaction at each stage was
monitored by thin layer chromatography (“TLC”) / gas chromatography (“GC”).

(e) The compounds referred to as BZM-1, BZM-2 and BZM-3 are non-isolated in
situ intermediates. They are liquid in nature and were monitored by GC to
ascertain the reaction progress at each stage.

(f) Given that the compound referred to as BZM-2 is a non-isolated in situ
intermediate – the diastereomeric ratio content of BZM-2 was not measured
during the manufacturing process of the Alleged Infringing Product.

(g) The BZM-4 (about 1.3 moles) is reacted with the compound referred to as
BZM-8 (about 1.18 moles) to obtain the compound referred to as BZM-9, which
was then subjected to trans-esterification with isobutyl boronic acid to
obtain the compound referred to as BMB-1 (bortezomib crude).

(h) The compound referred to as BMB-1 (bortezomib crude) consists of two
chiral centres, one of the chiral centres comes from the fragment BZM-4 and
the other from the compound referred to as BZM-8. The compound referred to as
BMB-1 is purified to obtain the compound referred to as BMB-2, which is pure
bortezomib.

(1) Whether the plaintiffs have shown that a substantial likelihood exists
that the Alleged Infringing Product is made by the process taught in the
Patents

225 The plaintiffs argue that a substantial likelihood exists that the Alleged
Infringing Product is made by the patented process in the Patents. They mount
this challenge by undermining the steps presented in the DRL’s manufacturing
process in respect of: (i) moisture control; and (ii) the use of excess zinc
chloride in relation to the synthesis of the compound referred to as BZM-2 in
DRL’s manufacturing process. 290

##### Foot Note 290

×

PCS at para 76.

I observe that the plaintiffs’ case in respect of substantial likelihood (and
more broadly, infringement) is that DRL’s manufacturing process could not have
achieved the reported levels of purity in the production of bortezomib (ie,
the Alleged Infringing Product). They make this submission on the theoretical
basis of existing literature and materials placed before the court.

226 The defendant, conversely, submits that the inventive concept of SG 322 is
the use of an ether solvent with low miscibility with water (ie, MTBE). 291

##### Foot Note 291

×

DCS at para 116.

This argument is made in respect of the entirety of claim 1(b). In its
submission, all the asserted claims in SG 322 are premised on the same
substitution of an ether solvent miscible in water (ie, THF) for an ether
solvent with low miscibility with water (ie, MTBE). 292

##### Foot Note 292

×

DCS at para 118.

The question therefore turns on whether DRL’s process uses MTBE (or any other
water-immiscible solvent). 293

##### Foot Note 293

×

DCS at paras 119–120.

The defendant argues that the plaintiffs have adduced no objective evidence
that DRL’s process utilises MTBE to manufacture the Alleged Infringing Product
and therefore it has not infringed SG 322. 294

##### Foot Note 294

×

DCS at para 122.

Rather, the defendant contends that all the available evidence on DRL’s
process shows that the plaintiffs have not discharged their burden of proving
infringement of SG 322. 295

##### Foot Note 295

×

DCS at para 122.

The defendant emphasises that the plaintiffs had known that DRL’s position was
that it did not use water-immiscible ether solvents such as MTBE to
manufacture the Alleged Infringing Product as early as 24 July 2019 when it
had set out DRL’s position in a letter to the plaintiffs’ lawyers, 296

##### Foot Note 296

×

ABOD Vol 1 at p 195.

but the plaintiffs did not investigate further even on invitation by the
defendant through their lawyers. 297

##### Foot Note 297

×

DCS at paras 124–127.

Additionally, the defendant submits that the plaintiffs’ submission that there
is no other way to manufacture bortezomib is misconceived as there are other
recorded ways outside of the process described in the Patents to manufacture
it. 298

##### Foot Note 298

×

DRS at para 27.

(A) Presence of moisture in DRL’s process

227 To make their submission on this point, the plaintiffs rely on the
moisture-sensitive nature of the Matteson homologation process. It is not
disputed that the presence of moisture promotes the epimerisation of boronic
esters in the process, and causes an undesired epimer to form in the reaction
mixture. 299

##### Foot Note 299

×

PCS at paras 77–78.

The plaintiffs argue that there is a presence of moisture in various steps of
DRL’s manufacturing process. I address these in turn below.

(I) The presence of moisture in DRL’s reagents in the synthesis of BZM-1

228 The plaintiffs emphasise that it is necessary to look to the synthesis of
BZM-1 and BZM-2 to assess how moisture accumulates from the beginning of the
process up until the synthesis of BZM-2. BZM-2 is in turn a key intermediate
in the synthesis of a major intermediate, BZM-4 (and in the overall
synthesis). 300

##### Foot Note 300

×

PCS at para 79.

The intermediates and the final product synthesised in DRL’s manufacturing
process is summarised at [224] above.

229 There is no dispute that the intermediate compound referred to as BZM-1
(ie, compound referred to as Formula (III)) is the key starting material for
the synthesis of BZM-2 (ie, compound referred to as Formula (I)), which is in
turn a starting material for the synthesis of BZM-4. 301

##### Foot Note 301

×

PCS at paras 80–82.

The plaintiffs point out that in the synthesis of BZM-1 as described in DRL’s
manufacturing documents, ten litres of demineralised water are used. This is
in reliance on the process descriptions for BZM-4 and BZM-8 appended to the
defendant’s letter to the plaintiffs dated 8 April 2020. 302

##### Foot Note 302

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 at p 1713.

230 I reproduce the relevant portions of the process description of BZM-4,
which contain a table of raw materials utilised in the process and an outline
of the manufacturing procedure: 303

##### Foot Note 303

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 at p 1715.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 14: Portion of the process description of BZM-4 pertaining to BZM-1
(redacted)

231 As may be seen from the table above, a total of ten litres of
demineralised water is used (see sum of “DM Water Lot-1” and “DM Water Lot-2”)
in the synthesis of BZM-1. Mr Amarendhar confirmed this interpretation of the
table at the trial. 304

##### Foot Note 304

×

Transcript (27 October 2021) at p 95 ln 15 to 18.

At the end of DRL’s process to synthesise BZM-1, the organic layer is
distilled off “completely” and a check is conducted on the water content (see
“Manufacturing Procedure” at [230] above). By the process description, the
moisture content in BZM-1 should be not more than 0.5%. 305

##### Foot Note 305

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 at p 1716.

BZM-1 is thereafter utilised in the synthesis of BZM-2 on a “100% yield
basis”, which in other words means that the output of BZM-1 is used entirely
in the synthesis of BZM-2. The plaintiffs contend that this means that there
is “already moisture inherent in the starting materials” used in the synthesis
of BZM-2, which involves the Matteson homologation process. 306

##### Foot Note 306

×

PCS at para 82.

232 In my view, the plaintiffs’ argument is unsustainable. The plaintiffs seek
to convince the court that the presence of moisture will affect the Matteson
homologation process used in the subsequent synthesis of BZM-2, as the process
has previously been shown to respond to moisture with epimerisation (ie, the
production of an unwanted isomer known as the epimer) (see [52] above). It
must be noted that according to Mr Amarendhar, the organic layer over the
compound referred to as BZM-1 is distilled off entirely under vacuum until the
water content reaches no more than 0.5%, and its purity is checked by gas
chromatography to ensure not less than 98% purity. I note that the
documentation states “not more than 98% purity”. However, I accept Mr
Amarendhar’s evidence that this is a typographical error. The relevant portion
of his evidence in cross-examination is as follows: 307

##### Foot Note 307

×

Transcript (22 October 2021) at p 96 ln 2 to 23.

Q: Thank you. So the result that you have for BZM-1 will contain moisture?

A: Yes, and then 5,000ppm [ie, 0.5%].

Q: Correct. Now, and the fact that you distil, you put it aside, and then
it’s: [Reads] “After completion of”---the---“water content unload the material
into HDPE container...”

So you unload it into another container, and then you say: [Reads] “...check
Purity”---right---“by...” GC is gas chromatography, isn’t it?

A: Yes.

Q: So you are asking to check purity, and you say: [Reads] “...(Limit: Not
more than 98.0%).” So you do not want it to be so pure, is it? So it’s okay
that it is not pure? Because you said the limit not more than 98%.

A: I think it is typo. It is not less than 98%.

Q: Huh?

A: It’s not---

Q: I’m trying to understand what you mean by the limit not more than 98%. So
are you saying that that’s not more than 98% purity?

A: No, I---

Q: Because it’s a purity by GC, and then you have a limitation there, not more
than 98%.

A: No, I---I---I think it is a typo error. It is not less than 98, if I
remember.

233 That the compound referred to as BZM-1 contains some level of moisture
does not assist the plaintiffs. It is clear that DRL’s process does not claim
to be entirely moisture-free. Instead, it includes processes to keep moisture
levels low in order to reduce the rate of epimerisation and maintain the level
of yield of bortezomib.

234 In this connection, the plaintiffs suggest that even small amounts of
water will result in epimerisation that will hinder the purity of the eventual
yield. 308

##### Foot Note 308

×

PCS at para 69.

However, this submission is tenuous at best. There is no clarification from
the plaintiffs on the quantity of “small amounts of water” in the context of
DRL’s process. Prof Chiba only states that the small amounts of water referred
to is 11mg of water in 10ml of THF in the context of Matteson 1983. 309

##### Foot Note 309

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 34.

In reply, Dr Johannes appears to accept that to see epimerisation the amount
of water needs to be at least 11mg of water in 10ml of THF. 310

##### Foot Note 310

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at para 15.

However, Dr Johannes avers that anhydrous THF and dry zinc chloride were used
in DRL’s reported process. He argues therefore that the plaintiffs’ assertion
that there must have been small amounts of water in DRL’s process that would
cause epimerisation is misconceived. Furthermore, to my mind, the finding in
Matteson 1983 is premised on the experimental conditions different from the
manufacturing conditions in DRL’s process. It is unworkable to base the
threshold level of moisture that would cause epimerisation in DRL’s process on
a separate reaction reported in Matteson 1983. In this regard, the plaintiffs
have not produced any evidence directly pertaining to DRL’s process, despite
the opportunity to inspect DRL’s manufacturing process being available to the
plaintiffs. Aside from the lack of information from the plaintiffs on what
would constitute “small amounts of water” in the context of DRL’s process, it
is known in the prior art that the level of moisture sensitivity differs for
different instances of the Matteson homologation reaction (see [248] below).
There is no clarification from the plaintiffs as to the level of moisture
sensitivity for this particular reaction and, in my view, this in turn impedes
their submission.

(II) The presence of moisture in DRL’s reagents in the synthesis of BZM-2

235 The plaintiffs argue that the “already moist BZM-1” is then used with
other reagents for which “dryness remains equally suspect” in the synthesis of
BZM-2. 311

##### Foot Note 311

×

PCS at para 83.

The implication is that the levels of moisture in the synthesis of BZM-2 will
result in epimerisation, and impact the eventual purity of bortezomib.

236 The following section of the process description for the synthesis of
BZM-2 is relevant: 312

##### Foot Note 312

×

PBAEIC Vol 1 at pp 1717–1718.

![A screenshot of a computer screen

Description automatically generated](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEAYABgAAD/2wBDAAMCAgMCAgMDAwMEAwMEBQgFBQQEBQoHBwYIDAoMDAsKCwsNDhIQDQ4RDgsLEBYQERMUFRUVDA8XGBYUGBIUFRT/2wBDAQMEBAUEBQkFBQkUDQsNFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBT/wAARCAHQAeYDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHwAAAQUBAQEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtRAAAgEDAwIEAwUFBAQAAAF9AQIDAAQRBRIhMUEGE1FhByJxFDKBkaEII0KxwRVS0fAkM2JyggkKFhcYGRolJicoKSo0NTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqDhIWGh4iJipKTlJWWl5iZmqKjpKWmp6ipqrKztLW2t7i5usLDxMXGx8jJytLT1NXW19jZ2uHi4+Tl5ufo6erx8vP09fb3+Pn6/8QAHwEAAwEBAQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtREAAgECBAQDBAcFBAQAAQJ3AAECAxEEBSExBhJBUQdhcRMiMoEIFEKRobHBCSMzUvAVYnLRChYkNOEl8RcYGRomJygpKjU2Nzg5OkNERUZHSElKU1RVVldYWVpjZGVmZ2hpanN0dXZ3eHl6goOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4uPk5ebn6Onq8vP09fb3+Pn6/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwD9Mv8AhANB/wCfD/yNJ/8AFUf8IBoP/Ph/5Gk/+Kroa+Zv+FjeMfCPxc1a012K51bSNQvdRk0HXNIulksUW3t5XGnX0BAeJ0KyHzFzvKqOKv2k+5PLHse8f8IBoP8Az4f+RpP/AIqj/hANB/58P/I0n/xVeB+B/wBra8b4X+B9d8Q6bZ3moa3puj3lwun3ShlbULwWw/dYLJHGXU72OGxt681r/wDDVepWttr+oan8P9Q0vRtHhmNxfXFwAiTrqJs0gJ2YJZR525SQq8Hnmj2k+4csex7L/wAIBoP/AD4f+RpP/iqP+EA0H/nw/wDI0n/xVY/hvx1rGseINPsL/SLDR1uLa6leGbVUkuy0UwjR4oVB3xMp3b9w25UEc1x/xU+LmoeD/HWiSW4mTw1p13FBrc3lF7dkuPkDNIFIjMLeWxBYZ83kYGaPaT7hyx7HpH/CAaD/AM+H/kaT/wCKo/4QDQf+fD/yNJ/8VVPSdWEHi7xObq8lSxiW1aM3My+Qu5GyY/QHjOeprz3w74r16D4vW2g+Ir66tHmtNQm0+W1lSfT9ajV4yWAxutpoAQCh4bfkMcYB7SfcOWPY9O/4QDQf+fD/AMjSf/FUf8IBoP8Az4f+RpP/AIqvJND1nXfFX7O3hvXbzXL+3164tDHCLO7WFru5kcxxMzYJbjDbR154rtIdcvPDvjbX4NR1h5rWx8NWN28cozGs3mXSSTAAZ+by0yP9mj2k+4csex0//CAaD/z4f+RpP/iqP+EA0H/nw/8AI0n/AMVXkvxO8QeK/CXgXx3qba+U1a10rT3iWD5Utpi+JmUH+8Tx7CvTb3WL248X+G9IhnaCCS0m1G6YDmVY/LRY89vnlVj6hSO9HtJ9w5Y9i7/wgGg/8+H/AJGk/wDiqP8AhANB/wCfD/yNJ/8AFV88/CL4peM/EUfgSTX7i/0jT9Us9UgutYunieG6kjkkMRRQcwuqIzb2ABCkHnFddeah4p8V+CfFfiHw/wCIrnQoL6OGz8MzXH78/LKo+2yRt1WRjgLxmMZ/iGD2k+4csex6x/wgGg/8+H/kaT/4qj/hANB/58P/ACNJ/wDFV49b/GbXvFHjD4XGzzp2izXt1Y+IrZot05vo7C7ka2wCdpie3DMBnPmIB0Oez+IN/rPiLRtK1LwTqt3Z6u17bCC3uomhgeAXCfammikUMR5HmBSRw23HNHtJ9w5Y9jrv+EA0H/nw/wDI0n/xVH/CAaD/AM+H/kaT/wCKrF8BeMLrVvGnjvw5du87aHewNBMygfuJ4FkVMjqVYSc+hWu7o9pPuHLHsc9/wgGg/wDPh/5Gk/8AiqP+EA0H/nw/8jSf/FV0NFHtJ9w5Y9jnv+EA0H/nw/8AI0n/AMVR/wAIBoP/AD4f+RpP/iq6Gij2k+4csexz3/CAaD/z4f8AkaT/AOKo/wCEA0H/AJ8P/I0n/wAVXQ0Ue0n3Dlj2Oe/4QDQf+fD/AMjSf/FUf8IBoP8Az4f+RpP/AIquhoo9pPuHLHsc9/wgGg/8+H/kaT/4qj/hANB/58P/ACNJ/wDFV0NFHtJ9w5Y9jnv+EA0H/nw/8jSf/FUf8IBoP/Ph/wCRpP8A4quhoo9pPuHLHsc9/wAIBoP/AD4f+RpP/iqP+EA0H/nw/wDI0n/xVdDRR7SfcOWPY57/AIQDQf8Anw/8jSf/ABVH/CAaD/z4f+RpP/iq6Gij2k+4csexz3/CAaD/AM+H/kaT/wCKo/4QDQf+fD/yNJ/8VXQ0Ue0n3Dlj2Oe/4QDQf+fD/wAjSf8AxVH/AAgGg/8APh/5Gk/+KroaKPaT7hyx7HPf8IBoP/Ph/wCRpP8A4qj/AIQDQf8Anw/8jSf/ABVdDRR7SfcOWPY57/hANB/58P8AyNJ/8VR/wgGg/wDPh/5Gk/8Aiq6Gij2k+4csexz3/CAaD/z4f+RpP/iqP+EA0H/nw/8AI0n/AMVXQ0Ue0n3Dlj2Oe/4QDQf+fD/yNJ/8VR/wgGg/8+H/AJGk/wDiq6Gij2k+4csexz3/AAgGg/8APh/5Gk/+Ko/4QDQf+fD/AMjSf/FV0NFHtJ9w5Y9jnv8AhANB/wCfD/yNJ/8AFUf8IBoP/Ph/5Gk/+KroaKPaT7hyx7HPf8IBoP8Az4f+RpP/AIqj/hANB/58P/I0n/xVdDRR7SfcOWPY57/hANB/58P/ACNJ/wDFUf8ACAaD/wA+H/kaT/4quhoo9pPuHLHsc9/wgGg/8+H/AJGk/wDiqP8AhANB/wCfD/yNJ/8AFV0NFHtJ9w5Y9jnv+EA0H/nw/wDI0n/xVH/CAaD/AM+H/kaT/wCKroaKPaT7hyx7HPf8IBoP/Ph/5Gk/+Ko/4QDQf+fD/wAjSf8AxVdDRR7SfcOWPY57/hANB/58P/I0n/xVFdDRR7SfcOWPYKxbbwV4es7+4vrfQtNgvbh3kmuI7SNZJGcYdmYDJLA8k8nvW1Xz/qX7XFlpPjjxfotz4S1Mad4V1O00rUtRjuIXbzLop5DxQBt7oRIpJHK88cVBR6ivwf8AAavbOPBPh0NbQrbwMNJgzFGrh1Rfk+VQ4DADgEZ61x3hH9mPwx4Y1zUtQmL6rFqH2tbmzuwWguUuJXldJ4yxjkG52IGwDJJ712158VPB2n6lqmn3PifSoL3S4hPfW8l2ge2jJC7nGflGSASemRmrFj8Q/DGqTJDZ69YXUrXX2IJDOrnz9m/y+D97b82PTmgCzpngvw/osthLp+habYy6fbNZ2b21pHG1tAxBaKMgDYhKqSowCQOOKfd+EtD1DT9SsLrRtPubHU3Ml9azWqNFdMQAWlUjDkhVGWz90elZ1z8TvCVnrUmkT+JNMi1SN2jeza6QSqwQuVK5yDtUtj0GabH8UvB817odnH4n0p7rXI/O0yFbtC14mM7oxn5h9KALk3gXw3cyyyzeHtLlkmEQkd7KMl/K/wBVkledn8Pp2xU9n4T0TT7wXVro9hbXKiRRNFbIrgO26QAgZAZuT6nk1zWh/HLwH4i0qbUrHxRp72EWqvojXDy7E+2I+wwgtjJ3dMcGneNPjD4d8I6Lq92l/aapfabuSTTLe8iWcyKUDIdzAKR5iZzjGR6igDorfwjoVppmn6dBo2nw6fp8izWdpHbIsVtIpJVo1AwpBJIIxjJqy+h6dJqUmotYWzX8kAtXujEvmPCGLCMtjJUEk4PGSfWuN8cfGzw34K8L+K9WF1HrN34aszeX+k6fPG90igAkbSwAPPciti0+Jnhi5tLmd9bsbU2lql5eRz3CK1rGyq2ZOflwGXPpketAF3UvBPh/WJNQkvtGsbuTUI44bxpoFY3EaHKK+R8wU8gHpT9V8Nw6lqGlXqyyWtzp0haNoTgOhXa0bDupHbsQD1FbFFAHPW3w98MWdr9mh0DTo7fyJLURLbJtWGQkyRgY4ViSSo4Pep08GaHHapbDS7b7OioiRFAUVVIKgDoACBjHoK2qKAMxvDOkvcW9wdNtRPb3L3kUiwqGSd1KvICB99lZgW6kMQetRap4Q0TWtQS+v9Ltby8SIwLNNEGYRkhimT/CSAcdOK2KKAMvRfD9toc2pTQ7muNRuTd3EjH7z7FQYHYBEQY9s9zWpRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFfMGufsd32sfEbxl46g8SW+m+KL7XrHXdDvorZnNibePyWgmVmxLHJGMEcbWOVxgV9P0UAfPkn7Lk+tfF6fxfr2r2N7plxZaxpk+k29h5KyW18sIZSQ2CwMTbnI3OGGeldN8KP2fYfhT4rOr2uvX2oRyaFZaTcwXJGLm4twUF44HHmmPbHn+6oHavXaKAPmy++DUGpePNd8R2uuWxj1DxbY+ITGmmzuALa0Nq8W8cMW4bcOM5GK4qw/Zd1fT9B8BaOnjK0az8L39nqe7+wp1luJ4r6a4YM45KFJyiqc7Sue5r3NtU8T2Pwnsbnw9Yre6obvE9sjosxt/ObzTDvwhlCZKhuOO/Q9F8JvF6+NfCK33297+WOeS3lNxZNZ3MLKeYp4G5jlUEAjvwQADigD5/t/wBmsRw6dBd63b6rZWGvavdrYXWnXi29zp+oTieWOVUIzPG4+RgduOCpyav+JPgLc654e+L0cGpaTHr3jPVY72yv5dFuP9DgXyAY5CPmckQfwkDJHHFd14i+JHiPwjr3i2w1G5tV0WSdbfRNZYBWtrpoo5Pss4xjB3/u37/dPOM9tb/E6zm8QW+mrZXbW01/NpS6jhfK+1RIWaNhncMhXwcY+Q+ooA+dPE/7O2q+NPE/ibUh4v0+K9u9H1jRooYNCngjijvJYZYC4XAZk8o7mHLlt2c10Phn4E+I9F1vx1q0OuaJFJ4g0hLWKxbSbm4sjeYUNczQSkg5CBWVCu8AFskA179orhvFniJd4JX7Ple4+Rq1dXuJLTSb2eIhZYoXdSwyAQpIzQAxdYttpGZMp979w/p24pn9vWecbpumf+PeT/4mvGPhT8bNe8RW2oXeoxR6pZab4etNQvfJtvss6X0qeZ5MaM2GjZCGD5wOmTzjd/4aIsbfRZtUvdBvrCyt4bmW4nnmhEcTW9yIJ4ywfBZc7xjO5Q2M4oA9DufFmm2jIsjXOWKgbbOZvvHA6Icf071XHjrSGERD3mJG2r/xL7jrkjn93x0PWsbUPFOseLPh34h1DwgILHVo0nTSLvUlE1rcMozFMQjZMLnHIOcc157qHx61zVNU+FFvpVjb6b/b2om08Q294PMmsWWOTdbqA3D+ZG3zNwVUkdRQB6g3xQ8PqxBk1DIOP+QTd/8Axqk/4Wh4f/56ah/4Kbv/AONVyC/tCWEmp6TaDSp7fz9Rks777RKgNnEtjNdiY7SQw2wkbQcjJq3pPx5sNb+zCz0PU5je3MMFlIoTyblZYWnikWQttAMa5KnkZAI5oA6T/haHh/8A56ah/wCCm7/+NUf8LQ8P/wDPTUP/AAU3f/xqsu5+KFv4b0uxudVt78w3M0iPPLCsbQH7SIURkByTllAwDkDJxSaTrfiPVPAfiSW3v7P+3rG9vra1ubqAiDMUrBBIqnO3AAJHPegDV/4Wh4f/AOemof8Agpu//jVH/C0PD/8Az01D/wAFN3/8arhNB+N95qXiOLT7uwuY77S7OZNd0qzszIYbtGjClHZlbynDlkbaQy5JKlSKm1H9p7wxpehHVLi1vvJhi1C5u1RVZreGyuktbqTg/OEkkTAXJYHIzQB2v/C0PD//AD01D/wU3f8A8ao/4Wh4f/56ah/4Kbv/AONVzmpftAaDpUl/aTW13/bFlcXMMmmooaVxAsbyNHg4f5ZoiADklwMZzV3Xvix/YPgHxT4wl0e7Gm6RbefbwzL5ct1iIOTg/cG5gh3cgo+RxQBrf8LQ8P8A/PTUP/BTd/8Axqj/AIWh4f8A+emof+Cm7/8AjVZUnirVfCuhw+KPEWqWJ0JrVZp7eG1ZZYpJPLEaRsGIcFmI5Azlao+IPjNaSW/iDRtFEg8ZafbXLnT5YgxhaOIOHbJClDuUA7uckDoaAOj/AOFoeH/+emof+Cm7/wDjVH/C0PD/APz01D/wU3f/AMaqlpXxW07UPF0PhkWt8+o5MMs6WzGBJVgSZgW6BdrgBuhbK9a5Dxl8UvEvgi+8T2GpfYI7eW0nn8OawkbFWuY4y7WdxGTgSYG5CGxIu4cMpFAHef8AC0PD/wDz01D/AMFN3/8AGqP+FoeH/wDnpqH/AIKbv/41VLQ/i5pWv+I49KtYbiSOS4uLFL/YBE11AN00WM7htH8RG04IByK7mgDkT8VvDSyLG11dpKwJSN9NuVd8ddqmPLY74zipYviZoMzhFkv93vpV0P5xVS8U/wDJS/A/+7f/APopK7agDG/4S7TfK8zdc7cbv+PKbOPpsoXxdpbR+YZZkTdt3SW0qDP4qKyX8TXsfxD1PRfNia1h0ePUIo/JO5XMkiHLbuR8g4wOvWub0j466XHpumJrcN3HqE0WnG4kt7NzbrJeZEKhue6nPpxmgDuf+Ey0bZI/25NkbBWfa20MTgDOMZPp7j1qK68feHLFJHudZtLdI22O0sgUK3oc9D7VzPgP4jS+NtQ0xLKy+1aHc2V1cyancJ9mkWeK4WJYfs5yegclif4VwDnj0BraGTIaJGBOTlQaAOcb4oeEUV2bxHpqrGQHJuFwpOQM88dD+VRf8La8F/8AQ06T/wCBaf41q2NrbvqupqbeLAMf8A/u14l4i+PVz4Jt/E93rWiWqXHh7S73UbvQntzDdTLG8QgktZDlJoWDOGcY2sFGKAPWP+FteC/+hp0n/wAC0/xo/wCFteC/+hp0n/wLT/GsrxN8VfCng9rsapbzQtbJK7qlmZC3liMvtAHOBKmD35x0NUdb+LGg/YNftNKgB8R6fb3ci2FxaYYeRDHIzkcZTE0PIPJkA60AdH/wtrwX/wBDTpP/AIFp/jR/wtrwX/0NOk/+Baf41xU/x+8JaHpMEms2N0l//ZsmoSQ2umvJvWKKB5jHgfMB9pjx65OOhp/jD4rQ2N94Uh0jToo/t3iW30TUV1K28swiRHbaPSQhUZRyCHHrQB2X/C2vBf8A0NOk/wDgWn+NH/C2vBf/AENOk/8AgWn+NYZ8U3WveMfF+jaLbWFvB4ZgijuJru2Zmlu5YROqKOB5YjeMlgTlmYYG05zPBfxy8N+IvBOh61qGnnT7m/8AsUMtvHB5ixz3JZUVWxyu5G+bHTGQKAOv/wCFteC/+hp0n/wLT/GpIfil4QuWCw+JNNlZmCBUuVJLHoOD1Ncu3xu8HRzRQPZ3a3UlylqLf7AS6SPA06hwB8uVRhz0YYqhbfG7Q9Z09tSsbSSw0Rp9HittVe0Ev2h76aNI08oEMgzIqFmxtLE4IHIB6Da+PvDt7v8As2sWlxsIDeTJvwSMgHHcgjHrmpY/GWjSXkdqb0RzyP5aLLG8e5s4ABYAHJ6euR61x2g/GTR59Ls7rVdNm0Ce8udQt4beVVcu1o7qw3LxuZULKO9avxHvIm0Xw9cYwkut6Zt3cEbrmPH48jigDtqKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPGrHXNS1DQ4LO4+HutamlpdyS299aXVrGu8O4WWMtMrA4J6irukaxqGhtE9r8M/EayqzSSSte2ZeeRlVWklP2j52IReT6V2HwziEHg2yjVFjVXlAVSCB+8buK6igDx/U5n1zS9Y03VPhLrWqWOrzCe9t724spUlYBQuQZ+NoRMY6bRVbyH/tbUNRX4W+JI575mmlVL+0EYmZCjTov2jCylTtLjnArpvhVNC3iD4jQW95cXcMPiJgFnuWn8lmtbd3Rcsdi72bCDAGSMCvQ6APHNC8f+II/GHiRh8P9fclbUeR9qsSY8I3J/f55/pW/dePdevLWa3l+G3iAxyo0bYurIHBGDz59bWgMD488VrsUEJZ5YNlj8j8EdsV5RH8StUHxis/E00slt8Pby5l8MR3M12v2V5l5imEYyQzTpNGJDwVdOmKAHXPg+yvNFttKl+FPid7KHTRpLJ/aVrme1UfJHKftGX2Hlc/dPSr8ej2v2W2gm+EOvXkdtd3F9D9qvLSTZNPG8czjNx/Esjgjp8xp3hvxPpVr4R+I2kzeMV0zUxfaqUnivPtF3Zp5ZIlijdmb92MsFxtyvTFcRqmt6jH8C/ilBc3bR6xp+lRTpqmi6zPPaTKyuYJoXZvMilKqC8ee6EZDZIB6pYtO3gxPDNp4B1/w5pNvClrBDZXltE0US4wqMkxIGBt+maj1HwHot1rlnqSeB9StbyDUhrxuLK4hh829MflFpAJfnOzjB4rL8S+A7HxNrfw9v5p9dbXZmtZzPaavdQRQQW6rK5aJJBG4eTy0YOrFhK3pxW8G69qF1L8VNIGpTNdzeM306y8+cs1tDJZ2jt5eTlVGZmAXoScdKANfQ/hL4e0u4tJYfDWtQvp8yz2xmvUcZRJIgAPNPBileMg8FCAelXtK+HmjaSuntb+H9cjXS7v7XZW73qssBCsqxoplwIwJHwnQZ+lcj4f8Wah4T8B/GrV7S4uNQudG1fUGtFup3n2eXAhVRuJwAR90YHWue8fWd7JpFne2uqxNqa+DPtCT6p4huLJWmclhIqo4UsXYfMwwPlHTigD0jVPAOmanb77zQfE166pL8rX8Zdw06TbSfOGfnUMozgYI9qu2oa10PUNLg8JeKIYLyaW4mkW6thKzyPufD/aMjJJ/DivJtT17T/iPrXh6xg8RXuhPHp1jqvifVNR1GWxnt4GQtBapEJFSOeR1ZnO04QNn7yV0d14m17w/4u8RaRp19c6pY+LDcS6TfrIZ00m5iAW4R2GVijEZSVFYglg646UAdP4p0HS/GSX/APanw812Sa+tEsri5jlto5pIkkEkYLrcA5VxuB7HPrWLffDPw3qllf2t58PPElzDfW97aziS7gJaO7mjnuRn7TwZJYkckdwcda6j4P6pFcfDnwnpkUup6vHPpCM+uSS+cJH24cvNuP7wtknHQ5HGMV5x8L/EutP8BPAniGPVNR1nULfWfs0h87zpL2B7x4GRyeGIUggnoUHNAHX3HhTT5tSuNSTwX4qttTmvTfG+t7y3jmV2REdVYXGQjLGgKjg4rpF1BF0GbRT8P9ZfSpo5IpLWT7IyOj53qQbjkHc2frXeUUAeRQ+GbNNFvNIn8IeLb/TLiIQra3l9byx26DG1Ygbj5Nu1cY6bRWfffD7SL7bK/g3xfHqH7wS6lFqECXVwroEdJZBcZdSoXg8fKK9tooA8q0XSYvD/AIkl1qx8JeLormdFFxCb6AwXEixrGJ5IzcbWl2Ii7+uFFT6xY2viTSdT0zV/AviHVbDULhbmWC7mtXCOpUqU/wBI+QKVBGOhr06igDyOx8M6fpmtX2qWngfxNbXF08swSO6thHBNIpWWaJPtGEkcHlh1rr4fGGoQwpGPB3iB9qhdzvaFjjuT9o5NdbRQB5P4k8VahJ8QPB03/CJa0piF6BGzWm5sxr0/f9q67/hNNR/6EzXvztP/AI/VPxV/yUzwN/u3/wD6KSu2oA8v8SWf/CS6rBqb+FvF2m6hHF5BudMvbe3eSLduCOVuPmUEkgHpk+tZOseCtN1zVptQufBvi0PL9hJgjvrdIVa0cvAyoLjAOSQT/EODXX/Gbd/wr2+aO6WzkSe2dJHuXt03C4jIV5EIZVY/KTnoTnivOdN+KH/CPeHfFGqujReObe/gGuaTrmpCNLKFpY4/OhUts8gI25GXAcnkg5AAOl8JeGLbwncaKdN8M+LbWPT1uo0ilv4XikE8nmO0y/aD5hDZ2k5K5OK7VfFd8xYHwrrC47k23PHb99VP4V+Kb/xj4TGpahLps0rXM8UcmlzCWN4kkKozEMwDlQCVBOCcV19AH5aftd/8FPvip+z3+0l4y8EeHvDXhWTStPFkYjrdncSXQ8yzhmYO0V0qH5pWxgdMd+a+Xta/4Ka/EXxNb3FvrPhLwbq9tLaXViIb2PUpFihuCplVP9N+XOxQPQDisz/gqN/yfZ8Tf+4Z/wCmy0r5WoA+tNX/AOClXxH128vLi98OeF5vtYk82ItqfllpEjR22/bcAkRJz6gnuafqn/BS74j6rfajfP4Z8JwahftP515bjUo5fLmhiikhVhe/LGVgiO0cbkB618kUUAfU2r/8FEPHutzSSXPhnwx81vLaqkcmqKsccscMcioBffLuW3iz7rnua3NY/wCCoPxM1zxLa63deFvB5nt9Rt9WW3jj1Fbc3cKFEmaMXuC204PrtXPQV8e0UAfaniD/AIKzfGTXNafVYNH8I6NezwpbXb6bZ3ai8hUsRHIr3LD+JhvXa4DHDCse/wD+CmnxDvLvSZY/B3grT7bTPs/kWFjDqMNsTA26EvGt7hivIBPY18h0UAfVen/8FGviJp9xYzDQPDlwbKWGaBLiXVJFUxRyxoCDe8rtmcEHrx6Cp7H/AIKSfELTtFstJg8L+E00+0Fh5cP/ABMyC1nOs9u7f6b8zq6JknqFAPFfJtFAH2Wv/BU/4mrpv9nt4P8AA8tiurtrSW81rqDrHcGQyELm8O1C7M20cZY+te4/s+/8FO/il+0V8dvh94A8R+H/AAhZaNqetW5mm0mzuorhfLbzF2tJcuo5QZyp4zjmvzDr2r9ilzH+1x8ISOv/AAk9iOmesyigD+j6iiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDy7wRpPi6fw/HJp/iHT7OxeaZobebS2leJfMbCl/OG7Hrit3+xfHX/Q1aT/4Jm/+P1d+HLRf8IjaeUojj3y7U3Zx+8bvk10rMu05wR6UAeS+DfEep+MrzV7Xw/420We6sJgLyJdAkiYMxYCTBmG5WKNhxkHacHiup/sTx1/0NWlf+CZv/j9Yfwtk13UfGHinVvEPhObw/dTCK0t7qaaFhJaxNIYokEZJIUySsWbB/eAYwK9O3D1H50AeQ+H9L8aP8QPFsKeItJSeOOyaSb+x2+cFJNox53GMHv3rB8N/Fi08XawfD+nePdGa7ju5bMW9z4Zmgj+0xsQ8Ss8oUyBgflBzwa9J8NqV+JXjOVgRG0NgFc9CQkuQD7ZH514hpvw18XeKPBuqeE7nQbjw+Z/HsviUateywkRWg1X7Yhh2Mx84ooUAgBS2cnGKAPW9P8OeJdQ8y9g1vRlk3vG0knhto5CQSrdZskHnnvWBH4nuIfBdr4iXxjosfh6/njto5h4bkCvI0nkqrJ5uR8425IwMVzUfgHxRd/8ACOw3ui6tcaXC9wqQprZtriwn+3PNHcO4c7kMW1cZY/w4wa5vRfhj4r0CTXbi38M6w1nrFk7XFi1+j7ro6q0iMEaUquIHZvlwNuAcmgD3v+wfHGQf+Eo0nKjA/wCJK3H/AJHpIfDfjGO481/EWjsSdzFdFIYnGAc+d1rw7Wvhj411OTxTJdxa7LfSwajb3Vzp98IV1aOaVHsBbjzf3TQYO44TA3DL7q6jTfhz4g0H4l2Udnb6imnWuoR3Gn6qmos9pBpYhVZbGeN5CzSmRnZWKtncDuXYAQD1FfDniOSxuLa51bSbhLhGWVf7JISQtwxZfN5BHUUzS/A9zo+k2mm29xp7WlrGkMK3Fk0xSMHJQFpCdv8AdHRQAO1eZeMvhxqXiL4k6tfNp2vNbSatp6xXNrqpht3smg8u8HliUfIQCG+UNkqV55rK8N+AfFMl/wCGYdd0LWLm1t7TyLK5XWPJfTAksivHcYcmTzISmD85OMZU/NQB7JDLFrGt3mnLdaZdXsMUdzcK2nMQ0cm4REOXw33G6E9B0rYj0/UoUdY7iwjViSVWzYAk9z+85r5h+Hfwl13wp8KfCGnHwt4hsvEnh7TNPEfkaipj+1pdOJ2H7/8AeZR5Hw/ylHxjIAEmk/D/AMbXHjLUZL/w/wCI7PR9U1KwuZ4otVUqJkvbgXMjt52TE1q0X3QucD5AVoA+mbfT9UtYRFDc6fDGv3UjsmVRzk8CSsnUPBEup3WlTXEtgyaZMbi1t1tHWJJu0hUSYLDJxnoST1rxTQ/B3jAax4PTW/D/AIhuoLNp4NNuLTVki/sgRXcwRrn94TIslqIVBIkJHBAYlh9Mbh60AZf2fWv+f6x/8BH/APjlH2fWv+f6x/8AAR//AI5WpmloAyvs+tf8/wBY/wDgI/8A8co+z61/z/WP/gI//wAcrVooAyvs+tf8/wBY/wDgI/8A8co+z61/z/WP/gI//wAcrVooAyvs+tf8/wBY/wDgI/8A8co+z61/z/WP/gI//wAcrVooA8+8SWmrN468IMbqyMq/a9sn2OTCgxrkf63HPvXWfZ9a/wCf6x/8BH/+OVmeIbNpfGnhW5AG2E3Snnn5owBx+FdRQBh31vqQs5mu73TjbKpaTzbNioUcknMntXIS6Zo/xy8Gre6X4js7zT7psQ61oS7XzG5GFfcQwDAgqQR7V6NdKzWswUFmKMAB1JxXzP4Ttdf1j4DN4B1X4d+LNOvNPtvNkleS2hS5MdyJfLgkiud29l6Z2g9CRQB7f4H8AjwDpL2NhcxyiSQzT3E8RMs8hAXe5DAZwoHAA46VutDqvmZW7tAmR8ptmJxg553+uKs6fMbixtpTBLbF41byZ8eZHkD5WwSMjocE/WrFAH8/f/BTxZl/bk+JYuHSSb/iW5aNCin/AIllrjgk9sd6+W6+qv8AgqN/yfZ8Tf8AuGf+mu0r5VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACvaP2LP+TtvhB/2M9h/6OWvF69o/Ys/5O2+EH/Yz2H/AKOWgD+kCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDiPhzo+mXfhSGVrW3uJHnneSRogSz+a2Tz3/wAK6htB02RdrWFswxjBiXp+Vcn4D8Q2mn+GoLZo76UxSTgvFZTSIdspzhgmD14x15x0rpW8S2qi4/c337kgNixmOc4+78vzde2aAMLwrdWurarremXOlaZBLpkqKFtZVlIVxuUSLgFHwMkdORgnnG9ceFdHulRZtMtZFQMqhohgBhg/nXMeEtNt9L17VNau3uLzW9Qt4bW4uY9Kkt0eKF5jFxt5b96+TnnjGBitm78eadZXDwyWmsMy7iTFpF068DJwyxkH+tAHI6H4G8PXnxB8b2c2jWUls0VgxjMIwSUlzmuf+Lfh/Qfh3pJ1Gw8CaDqUWEhht55DFPeXUj7YraFQjZdjjGcDn0BNbmh+OLC1+JnjRntNXIaGxAKaTct92OUnpH/+uuf8aas/iLx1pPiLT9Q1i1h0y1kjttOv/B2oTxR3D5BulIRTv2HYAeAC3rQBoNF8IdPnNhqln4ftNZhVxdWSgMYpI4BNKmcDO1Pm9xzXN65Fp2hfD+/8XT/CjTYtPXTptQt4ZJlEsYSMui3ACkJvAAGwtgnBrGh8B6RceJRrOr6t4k1eWbVV1O8ik8H3iJc/6E1pJGQIsAMGLe3Tmul1S4bXvh7qvg7UdX16bTrnT5dPguk8IXwuAjIUVpT5e1yox90LkigC9p2i+G59b8PQXXw50+DS9biUW97Gyuwm8nzSGjxkR4BAf1AyBuFd9/wp7wT/ANCxpv8A35FedeGdQXQfFkGqXN3q1/aW1nFYW0J8Hags8MCRqpRZNmMO6h2O3PAA4Fehf8La0b/oH+Iv/Cdv/wD4zQA//hT3gn/oWNN/78inJ8I/Bke0r4b09SrbhiEcH1+tRf8AC2tG/wCgf4i/8J2//wDjNH/C2tG/6B/iL/wnb/8A+M0AXF+GHhRduNBsxtXauE6Dnge3J/Op4Ph94ctXZ4dIt4mbqyAgnH41mf8AC2tG/wCgf4i/8J2//wDjNL/wtfRw23+z/EWf+xevsfn5NAGtb+B9Ctc+TpsUW5ix2ZGSep69TTV8CaEqsosFG5QrnzHy4AwAxzk496y/+Fr6PnH9n+Iv/Cevv/jNOX4qaQ2cWHiDjjnw/ff/ABmgDUHgnRlxi0Zfm35E0gJbGMk7uT9aoaf8MdD09rllF9O09w9yzT6hO+Gb+FRvwqgdFHA+vNMHxR0ll3fYdfx/2AL3P/oqk/4Wpo20sbTXVXONzaFegH6ZioAtf8K50PzvN8m63Zz/AMf8+O3bfjtUdz8M9Au1CvFeAD/nnqNwh6AdpB6VAvxW0VmKi21tnChio0O8yASQDjyu+DUbfF3w+knltHrCybgm1tFvAdxBIH+q6kA/lQBaf4Y6BJCsRivdoxjGpXIbjHfzM9qj/wCFU+Hdrjy9Qw4AP/E0uvXPH7zj8KP+FpaLvKfZ9a3DqP7EvP8A41VWX4zeGoFcyf2sgj++W0a8GznAz+645oAtN8KfDrKVMeoYIC8ardDp0/5aVF/wqHw3/wA89S/8G93/APHaiX4z+GXultlbVDcNF5yxf2Pd7jH/AHwPK6e9VNU+PvgvRGRdQvb6xZywUXGlXSE4ODjMfY0AVtW+Ffh2HxBocax3+2Vpgd2p3THhAeCZfl/Ctn/hUPhv/nnqX/g3u/8A47XE6t+0N4Fvte0Ka21W4lSCWUysun3XyqYz/wBMuen6Vs/8NNfDr/oOTf8Aguuf/jdAEvi/wF4c8KeG77VhYapfC0TzGhXXbiIlcjJ3vMFAAyeSOlUfD/hvwnr1ve3/ANj1Sy0SFwlvqlxrlwIrvoC0f77O3ccBjw3bIIrM8bfHb4e+LPC2oaTHr0StdIEBvtGuriH7wPzx7BuHHTOPWvKPFvj7w34b8F6zoXhfWpvEWi3t3ayadocthcI+lSeeryPHK+0GFSNyxEgr0VgMCgD6H074a+ENWt/PspL65h3FC8es3ZAYHBU/veCDwR2qz/wqHw3/AM89S/8ABvd//Ha8r+EPx+8IeH/CstrrGqfZ7lryeceXpV2juJHLl5NzSlnLMxLbufQV2/8Aw0z8Ov8AoOTf+C65/wDjdAH4i/8ABS7SLbQf22viPY2gkFvF/ZuzzpnlbnTbUnLOSx5J6mvmKvpb/gpD4l07xh+2h8Q9X0mc3On3I00xSmNkJxptqp+VgCOQRyO1fNNABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV7p+wvGJP2wPhIDnH/AAkFseDjo2f6V4XXvf7BW3/hsb4Tb2CD+24sFk3c7WwMe5wM9s57UAf0W0UUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAc38PI1h8J2qJgorygbWDD/AFjd66Sua+HUZh8JWiNvyry58wYb/WN14H8q6WgAooooA4rw3n/hZ3jb/rhp/wD6BLXOaiuoaD4n1SW68WawNP0PTbTUpE2xSLOokm85WQR5O5IwOCMHmpornxND8VfGQ0PTtJvIfs+n721C+lgYNsl4ASF8j8aqW95qcviK61KDSPAkms6lCtnNMviCVpLiNSQsZH2bkAluPc0AM/4XhrMl5E3/AAiE1nYR21zdXD3l1GGljS2WdGgKMwYEnaS2ORkZHNaWpfFK98y0sJ9INidSSOJbi3v0kltmnEnkuy7ePuA5Pr0ODWVY/DG/0zTYdPtPh54Jt7KESCOCPUpwqiSPy3A/0XoU+XHpxT77wBqUzwXV34E8FFrOCKGOaTVZ/wB1FDkxjP2XomTj0yaAOb8FftAatpPgCB9a0O71a80tdNbUdQ+0x/NZXEhje+OFAxFhmdQAdqkj0q74i+NEvi/X9P0jw5Ldaf8AYdW0x76+jlRY5bW6eURAB0JYSLESQMEZXmrP/CutbuNBntdD8LeDdNs9Q09dMmuLHVZiZbEK4WJG+y4AG84PIGTxzVzXPB1/d6nZalq3grwOb6EwxW1xcavMrbo23QqM2vJVuVHbnFADv+GiIF0Q376DcRSjTJ9c+xtcIZDp8LqjzDAxuy/CZyQO2RWS3xZ1KP4p6c9xBff8I/q17Z6ZpSw3UQiJuLKW5Ek0RTf0hPRuMitv/hAtaFnYWi+CPCMdtYLIlvFHrFyqokjBpI+LXlGYAlDwSBxwKqat4MvdUvrmO/8ACHgyW9vruG9kR9duBI88K4jdR9myCq5Hy44JHQmgCLwd+0tH420zUbux8L3anT9MtdSnjku4l/4+JJ4kjUngndbPk+hHXOK0Lr4/C1tLi4Phu6kjsV335W4QGBRctbsVBwXwVLY4496hsfhK9raXlmvgLwjaWV/aQ2N3BbapcKjwxSO8abRbgYVpHYHg5Y1cb4RwXEV/HL4T0WKO/wDkuVg1a5USqZfObOIhz5nze+TQB2XxGu7nT/h/4kvLK5ks7y2064nhnjwWR0jZlPII6gda5+8+IS+C/Bfg03Yn1fWNbNtY2qyOqGe4eLfl3xhRhWOce2K3NXtLzVPDd/Y6zZactjPA8M0Yv5FRoyuCrPsBAPIPtXKaf8NLeXS2iXRbO5s2jiktZDrlzM0LJjaYXKfusZOGQ9hQBg+Hf2jo9c+Il9ZtaLb+FbLw+uoXN0qvLcQ3gvpbV4fLRSWUGLqo9+h476w8RXN98RoLeC6aTRrvQxfRQtDsIfzVAbkBhlW6EcYqvpPgWLQ/EFrqtj4b0u0voLI6eLuK8kD+QX8zYRs+b5yWyecsT3NLdWd7/wAJcdUh0zSpfEEdobdAdVkVvspfd80fl4xvHXB6daAO5orA+2eJd7AaVp23cQD9ufkbQQf9V/eyPoM1DNqHixZEEWjaY8ZLbmbUXBAzxx5XcUAdLRXJnU/Gnl5Gg6SX3sNv9qPjbjg58nv6VFPq3jlZnEXh3R5IwflZtWcEj6eTQB2NFcX/AGx49/6FrRv/AAbv/wDGKc2reO9q48OaMTjn/ibPxz/1woAueKWCa94XOJCTeOoMbEY/dN94ZwR/9aumrzDWNU8RzeJ/CCa5pNjp9o2pEJLZ37TMZPJkwpUxLwRnnPYV6fQAUUUUAFFFFAHEeHv+SueM/wDsH6X/ADuq7evK/t3iO1+MXi4aLpVjqER03TDI13etAQd11wAI2yK6NdW8ceWxbw5pAk3DaBqz4xzkk+T16UAdhRXH/wBreOdzY8OaRt3fKf7WfOM9/wBz1xS3GreOFnkEPh3SHhDHYz6q6kjsSPJOPzoA6yZXaGQRFVl2nazDIBxwTXm3hTWvEejxeOr7WdaXxHY6Sirb7LFLX99FAXnC7WbKktGBnoQwrc/tbxxgf8U5pGe//E2f0/64+tYOn6P4is7KG0tvCekRWkV7JfBYtdm/17yO7lj5XzAu7ZU8dscCgDgtL+MniLXdS8J6Ja3Qs7jxdY2WrrqFwislgkrSmaBOACxWICMHJyW64r1X4O+ML3xp4LW81IpJf213c2E1xCmyOdoZmj8xR6MFB44ByO1cvJ4W1CS1lVvBfh7yrdoTvGuyg2xgYyRBW8nMexmZgBjG4+tbmgp4s8O6TBp+leEdBtLCLJjii1d9vzMWY/6jkliST3JJoA9Dori/7Y8e/wDQtaN/4N3/APjFH9sePf8AoWtG/wDBu/8A8YoA7SuP+J0gi0bSnJIC6zp5OP8Ar5jqP+2PHv8A0LWjf+Dd/wD4xXLfEPUvF82maUmo6FpdrZnWdPEksGpPI6j7THyFMS5/OgD12iiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDnPh/aix8L20CszrG8oDN1P7xjXR1zXw7m+0eE7SQEkM8pywwf9Y3aujkDMjBW2sRw2M4PrQBUttasbzU7zToLqOW9s1RriFDlog+dm70ztNXa8z+GngLxJ4O8Ya3NquqWeqaZcWNssU9vYC2kkuBLcPKz/AL1yT+8U5OM7vavTKAOK8Nc/E7xt/wBcNP8A/QJa5G4+HOj6T408SXOkeC9Le4s9JtLjTBHp6xL9qjkuHXZLtwH3bCdp7jPWta18P3Gr/FXxlJDrup6Uq2+ngx2Rh2t8kvJ3xsc/jWPY+ILm81/+yWv/AB3bTKlvNI01vaARRTu6Ru37ngZjfd/cwM9aAOcvP+Evv9Q0TVYL/Xbj7PaajLabrOS3MUzWSbY7iIgiYiUNt3YAJwC1aFzc+L7LUtNsbnUNW1m1uBafaY7vTAYZkuBP56NsTACYi+990cY5rsZ20y2vdOtJPiXqS3GorM1on2mzPniFQ0pU+Tg7FIJ9BU8cNr5LzWvj3VdVcI0iW9rcWcjzbMkqirF8x4xigDyTw/YeOPBPwwSO2v73TU0Wy0/WVtZ4Eij2RTP9rsFYrja8KcDAKsynpVnxf/wl3ibxJBaa/oV7LptvqOi6npsMcQmG55pGugzqpAMI8peccFiM5rvfD8fhz4qeFdN1a48RXt/YzXENxHZ6jLa7ra4GdsTqsfDgkjaSTmr/AI28Q2PgrSbSS88TatKbi9isVNq9u0oeSQICR5fQMQDxxmgDyyx8ZfFK18ORTavJff2jdWWo3FkWsUi36jHMEtbRo1H+raIM43feySSMDMl9D4l8N/EZfE80F1HHea1o66wJohPFbQPYTRyiH5cgC4aFNyEn5vQmvYNLvory61Fn8QXkVpa3CWsdxJc2rRXDMqtldq5ByxTBwcg8dDWV/wAJVa3njq78NWmuarc3Nu4jvJbea1K2ckkfmRqylN3KqSDg4PWgDyLw38Qvikvh/XtR8S3+oaYNL0Kyu4YY9EUyTTvcXKXBIIyxSNbY7R035welTXnxK8ZWFjqbyeKbi3/siNpIY20gsL8rqBiQMxTcd0ZjXjH3t1e5hbJ4EhXxtcl5EGyQXNrvIGWLD93g5HXjoKpQ6fa4yPiJqMgv1CW3+k2R5JIBi/c8nIIHXp0oAu/F0wf8Kr8XC5jEsTaVcp5Zj37mMTBRtwckkivLj8XrNvAfhmz8JXRSx017O28RT29o8Z0qz8oh2AZRghlA+UEgZOOK9D8TeHp9C8N3Oo3PjPxMlvplrJcTyWwtWllRFZmODBgtgdABnAqho3h+bWPDNjrreOvFmm2V3bJdbdQFlBJEjKGAkU2/ykA8g9KAPM/A/iz4iyfEe4vLmyuNWuZPC2NO0u6nNnZ3rJqUqicybHEcjW5iY8cgjgZ46HTbjwfqnx50Utb22kePrSGW51O3hWaaR5pbVFaET7ArRogU54XIBCgk11UGk2t1ry6HD8U9cl1d7RdQWyS4sTK1uWKiUL9n5QkYyOKzpI5IfH0HhOTxb48S7nt2ni1A2lr9icry0Qn+zY8wDnb6UAeu0VxX/CutR/6H3xR/31Z//I1H/CutR/6H3xR/31Z//I1AHa0VxX/CutR/6H3xR/31Z/8AyNR/wrrUf+h98Uf99Wf/AMjUAdrRXFf8K61H/offFH/fVn/8jUf8K61H/offFH/fVn/8jUAJ8Q/+Q34H/wCw0P8A0nmrtq8o8ReE7vQ/FHgi4n8Ua1rKHV9n2fUGtzHk283zfu4UOR9cc9K9XoARmCqSeABk1m+G/E2leL9Hg1bRb+DU9NnLCK6t33I5VirAH1DKQfQgitJjgE4zXzF8PtP1hvgJq3gHUfCPifT9Rin1K6leKN7VZI5NQmuUWGeNwS7RuoAUg5OMigD6eoqno7I2k2RjingjMKFYrrPmoNowHySdw75JOauUAcR4e/5K54z/AOwfpf8AO6rt68uTw/d6z8YPGL2+v6jpG3TdMASyEO0nddcnfG2T9CK3m8B6uWyvjrXVHp5dqf8A2jQB2dFcW3gPWNxx461wD08u1/8AjNJ/wgWs/wDQ965/37tf/jNAHX3ksUNrNJcMEgRGaRj0Cgcn8q8T+G95ZeFfCviuPQbmx/s7VNQc+HrrT2leCSaWHbHD+8ZvnDRbmbIUlz05rvf+ED1hclvHeuYH/TO1/wDjNYPhu2m8VR3s2m+OvELafatsF89pbR20+CQzROYQHVSpBYcZHBI5oA8OtYdVkvPCv2oSr4W0+001/Gm0hkS/juHdxcYOSQSpk6jZjdwAK9++AcWoxfDuP7f5wge+u309bgkuLMzuYM55xsIxn+ErXHx+NtNa31KR/H3iWJraWOOCB7K28zUhK2yGS1UQ/vkkfKKw4JBzgc113hPS5vGWhW+r6b4916W0uM4Dw2yPGysVeN1MOVdWBUg9CDQB6RRXG/8ACCatzjxxrvXI+S16en+pqUeB9Q5z40188/8ATr0/78UAdbXFfFj/AJF3T/8AsMaf/wClMdWP+EH1DcP+K01/HOR/ov4f8sK4Txppd5JmFta8UTDS9c0xW+3QwLa3YaaJ8xssQLqoO1iCMMCO1AHtFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHNfD0IvhtBHu2+fNwxJA/eNwCeo9K6Wub+H67fDaAJ5a+fNtXuB5jda6SgAooooA4PQb62tPih41E88cRMGnkB2A/glqvfaLLqHijxVdHWra1sdW0mGwtpo7gGa3dfNywXAAH73PU8g+vFvw/awz/FDxqZIo5D5Gn/eUH+CWuPt9S8Uab4y1Ox1TXdAay0eytdSv1/swRgxSSzCRVbfkYSIbWPVic8UAcvB8CZbQaS1vqeh2wtbS/tJ4Ip5GW4M9ktusjM5Y8FAdoxgHBLEZrcm+FzW+qaDdaZL4esbbS10+SO1tpPIIkh8zz1LKvzq4ddpI42nj5s1ef8AaE8OHxHoehReFdYOrajqUenTWUtnEk1kJIGnjmlXf/q2VG5BJ+U5HFQ6p8aLO/8AEHhew0TTxbST6/FpWqWepWWyZIpbd5Y3XBwudoIz7ggGgDmL74X2PhXwReWbxWctxNZWf2RdHEkzDV4JpJ4LhlRBtVX8vMjYBCkNgHFX9Y+DN5c6t58XiXT7+O6m0q4uJL6QK0ElpM8szRqAd3ns+TyuCo69vff7Ptf+faH/AL9ij+z7X/n2h/79j/CgD5t0H9nubw34Rk0iy1vSg99YahZXUCyYhjmuLgSxXqcZaWNQEwcE4GCMc6cnwX1SPxYviKLWNKvprXV9K1C3VpPKku/s1jLazedIFJDP5xkH3vuAd8j3/wDs+1/59of+/Y/wo/s+1/59of8Av2P8KAPlvw7+y5qXhrSdf8q88NXWr3Gh2WnafcXcZlit5obi4lkO1gcK6TqueSNgyCOK6O3+AM6x6uJbfRZp5oLhdOmluWd7JnvDcR7WKZ+Xd94YwUHY8e+f2Lp+XP2G2y5y37lfm4xzx7D8qP7F0/j/AEC24GB+5Xp6dKAMjxtD/wAJB4M1vSrO4tTeX1lNaJ5kwVVZ0KkkjPQNnp2rz/xZ4Z8Sax4d0C1iGlLF4ee0vI4G1I+TqzRIVeCU+X+7TowbD5OMgY59NHhHQlcuNE04OWZy32SPJZhhj06kcH1om8IaDcWq20uiadJbKhjEL2kZQKRgrjGMEdqAPBPCvwNu/D/iYX//AAlNrYLeaA+mHUbC5RbzTW+3yXSRQF0ZWiCymPnGAnTnj0HT9KuG8caNfXeoWotdDtzax6m2rCSfVY2hCkzwhFVSJPm6nkZGM4rqn+F/g2RUVvCWhMqDaobTYSFHoPl4pv8AwqrwT/0J+gf+CyD/AOJoA2/7c03/AKCFr/3+X/Gj+3NN/wCgha/9/l/xrE/4VV4J/wChP0D/AMFkH/xNH/CqvBP/AEJ+gf8Agsg/+JoA2/7c03/oIWv/AH+X/Gj+3NN/6CFr/wB/l/xrE/4VV4J/6E/QP/BZB/8AE0f8Kq8E/wDQn6B/4LIP/iaANv8AtzTf+gha/wDf5f8AGj+3NN/6CFr/AN/l/wAaxP8AhVXgn/oT9A/8FkH/AMTR/wAKq8E/9CfoH/gsg/8AiaAMrx1qVpea94HSC7gmf+2gdscqscfZ5ucA131eX+KvBHhzw74m8D3WleH9L0y6OsbPPs7KKJ9pt5sjcqg4PHHtXqFABRRRQAUUUUAcFo17b2nxc8ZCeeKEtp2mY8xwufmuvWux/tiwzj7bb5/66r/jXDQeF9J8QfFbxU+q6PY6j5en6aIpLy2SUj5rkkDcDjtXRn4c+Ey+8+F9FL/3v7Phz/6DQBsf2pZBipu4AR1Hmr/jR/aln1+1wY6/6xf8azG8B+GWlaVvDuktK33nNjFk9uTto/4QTw1t2/8ACO6VtwVx9ii6HqPu9DQBZ1S5tNR026tU1GGB7iF41lWRSVypG4A9cZrxfwL4L17w7avaXElpFpk2nWfhptIi1ZfJigiRo3v4wVI3spUCLAOFGW4rr/izF4d+Gfw91TxLB4S0a8fTUQiBrONQVaREIBC8cN+lYmp694ItfiZD4ZPhfQbZYZLVJ9Qu7GPa1zOJDFbxbUP73CbiWIABA6sKAOJh+COqW994Z1WO90yK78E21rY6daNeLjUY4JmdmkcKPJ3ocAYOG5ORxXsXwt0eDwX4ZmhvtRszeXt7cajOkUymOJ5pC5jU8ZC5xnHJBNcZ8SNR0TwTqmtXC+A9Av8ARNKs7W91eb7HGbl45pnjcomzDeWiFzuPzZwOhqv8Pte8J+MdR0m11PwX4c0+y8SW095oMX2KNpZooHCyLIuzAYBkfg4AfHUGgD2n+3NOPS/tT3/1y/40f25pv/QQtf8Av8v+NYq/C3wXHnb4R0FcgqcaZCMg9R92k/4VV4J/6E/QP/BZB/8AE0Abf9uab/0ELX/v8v8AjXN+Prqz1TRbaGC9t5JF1C0lCxygk7Z0PQH2qz/wqrwT/wBCfoH/AILIP/iapax8N/Cmm6e95YeFtDtb23KyQTxabCrxuGGGUheCOxFAHbUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAeZ+BfE+sQ6D5dr4O1C4hW5nVbhby2AmxK3zgNKGwfcZroP+Es8Qf9CTqP/gbaf/Hak+HLRyeGQ8SGOJrmcqpJzjzW7HkfSuooA5P/AISzxB/0JOo/+Btp/wDHaP8AhLPEH/Qk6j/4G2n/AMdri/hTY6jonxQ8YWt9K2uJfxrqkOtw3MrwIkksgFr5bMVRl2kgpgFduRkZPsFAHkfh3xRrq/Ejxk48G6gztDYbk+2WuVwkuP8Alr3q9eaffahrmrand+C9XuTqmnx6ZcWkl9ZGAwo0jDA8zO7Mr5JPf2FbPhn/AJKf42/64af/AOgS14LpV3d2HhbxJrmn6/eWXi2H4hX2m6ZE0sky30a6hsSxePJzEY8jIA2Ab8jbmgDv7X4Zw22rWGrnwXr8+tWc8E6anNqlm07mGFoI1c+ZhgI3YZIyc5znmqmj/COLRbzS7mLwr4mml025trqDztTsWG6CN4olPzfdCSEHGCcAk5yTFoPxU1/7HJJb6Xo7XaT6zBDHLdyxJJcQToqfO7EBX3gYPQ4AIBpPDv7QniDV5L9JrHTY30hIpryOSCaCW6El5PA0UCO2Q8XkgMTuVmcbTgg0Aeq/8JZ4g/6EnUf/AANtP/jtKvirXywB8FagBnr9ttOP/IteIr+0Z46Wba+k+HnivZLuCzmjafFrJb38NqTcDJJV1nDqVxgowPrW7rHx28UeHZmt7qx0i+nhvLrSZltlmTbcw2X2nzcFjiI8Lg8jOc0AesL4k1oxsx8J3wYAYX7XbZOTz/y07VKviLUVQGXw5fRsU37Vlhfp1Xh+v8+1eS2/x38T6PZ3l1r+kafJY6cdOvr+80xZWSKwu1bJVSSxkhZQXHdGBArrPhheXl1438by3sjrJKmn3Btt7+XCXgY4VG5Qkbdw/vA0AdhH4gvus+gX0I27uHik74x8rnnocf4Go5PFU8bOP7B1Rgqs25YlOcZ4Hzck4OPXj1rxpf2gPFd5rdholpY6Gby/u7GOG9bzmtxFdQXEiHbkMxUwAE5XO7oKivvjhr114XtrrWNK09lmutCmRbC4mjKrdaoLQgnOSUZQ/oykqR3oA9cn+IyW5IPhzxE+Mf6vTHbque31wfQ8VG3xNjVVP/CM+JjuGeNKckc459K8k179p7XPB8j3WqaNp95p80V/Jbx2LussYtr9LTdKzErjD+YcAYCmvaPAevaprthff2vDYx3lrdyW4fT5/MjljADI+MkoSrD5SSe/egCh/wALQi/6FjxP/wCCmSj/AIWhF/0LHif/AMFMldrRQBxX/C0Iv+hY8T/+CmSj/haEX/QseJ//AAUyV2tFAHFf8LQi/wChY8T/APgpko/4WhF/0LHif/wUyV2tFAHFf8LQi/6FjxP/AOCmSj/haEX/AELHif8A8FMldrRQB4944+ISXmr+D3Hh3xJGIdWEh36VJ837iUYHvzn8DXWf8LQi/wChY8T/APgpkpPiJ/yG/A3/AGGx/wCk81dtQBxX/C0Iv+hY8T/+CmSnL8TYSuT4c8TKfQ6RLXZMoZSp6EYNeD/BPxRrt9+z1Nfx+IEv/FE19qy293rkpnC+Xf3EUYIBBKpHGoAHpQB6QvxMgYjPh7xIv10iX/Cnf8LKtuf+JF4jwP8AqDz8/wDjtdJpP2o6ZaG9khmvPKXzpLZSsbPjkqCSQM9MmrdAH5vftAf8FTI/2df2jPG3hqP4XXWu+RBp8P2i71ltPc/6OJ8mFrVyv/HyV68hAe+Bxn/D87/qif8A5df/ANxV8q/8FR/+T7Pib/3DP/TXaV8q0Afqp/w/O/6on/5df/3FR/w/O/6on/5df/3FX5V0UAfpf8R/+Cylt8SvBeo+G7z4P3VhbXwQPcWfixBKu11cY32DDqo6jpWJrP8AwVn0nWvFj62/wgvIUnuLS7u9Oj8VxG3uprbd5TuG08sCMjJUjOxfSvzrooA/RXxR/wAFbLDxhPA2p/CjUZoWW2S/t/8AhLIhHqKQTGWNJl/s7G3czBgu3cpweKl8Ef8ABXDSfAuoJcWnwcu7qG1jlh061uvFqNHp8UkhkkSLFgGwWOOSTtVV6AV+ctFAH6qf8Pzv+qJ/+XX/APcVH/D87/qif/l1/wD3FX5V0UAfqp/w/O/6on/5df8A9xVf8P8A/BY7/hbHiLRvBX/Cpf7H/wCEhv7fSv7Q/wCEnMn2bzpVj8zaLRd23dnG4Zx1Ffk5Xa/A/wD5LT4A/wCxg0//ANKY6AP6c6KKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAPMPDHh3xhJp80mneKbHTrCS6neC1k0MO8aGRsBmEw3H3wM1r/8I348/wCh207/AMEP/wB0VreA4xHochAwrXU7DDlhzI35fTtXQtnacHB7GgDzXR9O8TXVxf2mmePNFkltJzHdx2ugj93KQGKvifhsEEjrzWn/AMI348/6HbTv/BD/APdFcZ8Efh74k8B+KrxZBf23h2504Nd2+oXouA+qCZt88A3NsR0O4jjJYZGQce10AeMeHvD/AI3b4jeMFTxlp6yrDYb3OhZDfJLjjz+MV09v4J8X20zzReKtHimc5Mkfh1VYn3In5q54bUj4neNCQQDBp+Djr8ktcJ8M/BHivwz4sa6k1DxLPbXS6kso8Raq99bxgXUZtCsZk+UmLzemOMA9hQBpapGLD+25tT8aeGUGixZ1Fp9CQfZI5huPmEzcK4GT61tw+BNakj0+SHW9D8u0XNmy+Hk/cAgcx/vfl49K8k+Jnwi8Y+ILr46zWVtMyeIbPS4tPgi8nZqDRQbJB8+SgDcckfjXe6h4f8UXmua5FL/wkcNi1vtszpd9BDDsNmibVJbekgm3sCAACM5IOKAF8J/A3UfCej6hpseu6Tf29/eS3dx9s8Po5kLyGQK3735gpPGenFSXWiyeK5PFNonjDQ5b+1gbTtWmg0RftFujxbtjt5uR8jbgPeuMvY/H3hXwPoGpXd5qH/CaWfiA2k9ld6i0lpqsdyy2+6NUPMSeZHMoIBTy5OBurs/hH4B1LwX42+I0t3DdTabfSWAsr69nE016sVqI3d2JLFtwwS3WgDP0Dwbf6x4asfD+l+PNMubOO2tbtvsejqhu4DkI0pEmCr+WQcYJ2mti0bWm0u48SW3jDw99klyk2pRaKfn8tzHhmEuTtYFeenNeZx/C/wAdxaVolrFDqkVvbf8ACKzPZx36pHC1tqMr3wQBgB+4MRYA4fHGTmk1H4b/ABD0WK/fQZdfEV9pt6ZLJNV2xQXYvleDyULbY8xliSvDAkHmgD1W1+HOv2rxS2+oeGoXjYPG8fh5VKnnBBEvB+Zv++j607/hXfiLYE/tLw3sVVQL/wAI8MBVbco/1vQN8w9DzXnvjzwz8T7rXmg0mfXl06S91UyXFrqSoFt5dLAtguW3AreAbcD5OexroPCPgTxV4f1PwneSav4lvZIruP8AtSHUNUaeAxyWDedlWJ3AXKx4/u5O3Ck0AdHF8PfEcEheLU/DkbkyEsnh8A5k5kP+t/jwN3r3q3YeE/GOk2qWtjr+iWVsn3IbfRNiL9AJcCu9ooA4r+w/Hn/Q06V/4KG/+PUf2H48/wChp0r/AMFDf/Hq7WigDiv7D8ef9DTpX/gob/49R/Yfjz/oadK/8FDf/Hq7WigDiv7D8ef9DTpX/gob/wCPUf2H48/6GnSv/BQ3/wAertaKAOK/sPx5/wBDTpX/AIKG/wDj1H9h+PP+hp0r/wAFDf8Ax6u1ooA8m8W6R4zj1HwyJ/EukyM2pgRE6SQVbyZeRmU54z6da6T+w/Hn/Q06V/4KG/8Aj1XfGUZk1LwqQm7bqoOcZx+5l5rqKAOTtNK8YRA/ate025HOdunMnG0gD/WHocH8Me9c34T8BeHLqyvLnQ7DwXd29wstpPcaXpcOyQliJ0coSGDcqynvnOelenscKTXy58H7xJPgdqvw/uvDXjjQr8vrNxcTW+h3mnssb31xMpin2KGd43XaI2LHOKAPoa2sNXsbawtbX+zba1tyEaKKFlURKMKqKOF7D0ApbdvEqriZNKY+Z1R5BmPnn7v3unt1q34baJ/D2mNAt2sJto9i36OlwF2jHmB/mD+obnOc1pUAfz9f8FOvtJ/bj+JX2sRLPnTdwhJK/wDIMtcYzz0xXy5X1V/wVH/5Ps+Jv/cM/wDTXaV8q0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXa/A/8A5LV4A/7GDT//AEpjriq7j4FRtN8bvh7GuAz+ItPUbiAObmPqT0oA/pwooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA8s8KfCzwv4gsbzUbm3mnubm+uJJZLe/uYUZvNbPyrIFz/ujFbX/ClfCP/Ple/wDg1u//AI7Wz4HwNBChw+yeZcqMDiRq6CgDhv8AhSvhH/nyvf8Awa3f/wAdo/4Ur4R/58r3/wAGt3/8druaKAPF/Dvwf8Ky/EbxhA1neGKKGxKD+1bvjckmf+WvtXLWOpeDbiz1DU5/CGsQ6Fp2vz+H7y/j1u5kNvJFMYTM6CTIi34y2eAckYBr07SdcstK+KXjNbqfyWaHTQuVJzlZQOg9a4zw38Lpbe017TJ/GVvc+GNZ8QXmtXdrDppjnlE85la2MjOQE3fKWC7mXIBUnIAII2+HH9k+NrqfStVivPCczw3mnJql288p27oTEBL83nDAQdzxWprnhzwt4W8L6F4gn8Mau8V7cWsV1HFq10zWCTEKZZP3vKoWG7HbJ7VYj+GGnx61DrTa+sl+kVzF5bwk285eVpLeSRSc74TIwDAgkHHArorzSNO1z4YyeENW1aN5LnTv7Pnu7KNofmKbfMjUk7efmAJOMdTQBwnhK/8ABXiSZhD4aePVNK8RXXhh1udUkkktWSLfJKkhckBoolOBgkEZrof+Ek+GV5ceHtPtdSbUW1DUPs9iLK9uJQZvLMoLMr8KUUsCx2kYIzVPwn4B0rwbrUt7Z+L5pA2hwaX5U1srZu41KtfMcfNIyiNSuMfJ71xfhn4I/wBmau2oar4503UpZpomufs+kPbmWMWT2kvPnMRIysCHHC4xtIoA9Vk174dae0ck+v2NozSGwjFzqjxmR8E7FVnG4lTkEZyOQcVBeT6Ba/FPS/Bx0u8a6uNKk1GO8F9LsRI5AmwrvyTls5rnfDvgmLT9Q8NXOreI9F1NtFuGcSW+jfZ5LiIW0kEQdt7fOquCWxg7cACr/ivRJdS+KWl+M9F8U6fYSWelTaY1peWLzhw8ivv3B1xjbjHPWgDY161+H+mtqk2o36xSWFvLLdr/AGnMDEkcYkfIEnBVCGI6gMD0IpLjwt4RbwU3iSzsr3ULEaedQgWLUblWmjMfmKBmTqwx19a4XUPhBpOtTX6ah4sjktLjUb3VY/JtCkqTXNmbaRWYsQyDczAYHG1T93J6TRfBui6Toawv4nvJ9V/sFdCLG6uPsOFjCCVbMv5av8oJYDPUZ5oA1PA/hTwl488FeH/Etnp99Baazp9vqMMU2o3O9EmjWRVbEnUBhmtv/hVPhr/n0uv/AAY3P/xyqfw3/snwB8O/C/hdtYjvToml2um/avLKed5MSx79vOM7c4ycZrov+Eu0j/n+j/I/4UAZP/CqfDX/AD6XX/gxuf8A45R/wqnw1/z6XX/gxuf/AI5Wt/wl2kf8/wBH+R/wpw8V6SVLC9TA68H/AAoAx/8AhVPhr/n0uv8AwY3P/wAco/4VT4a/59Lr/wAGNz/8crYXxVpLci9Q/gf8Kl/4SHTvM8v7Uu/+7g/4UAYX/CqfDX/Ppdf+DG5/+OUf8Kp8Nf8APpdf+DG5/wDjlbn/AAkWm+WX+1psHU4P+FIfEmmA4N2mfof8KAMT/hVPhr/n0uv/AAY3P/xyj/hVPhr/AJ9Lr/wY3P8A8craj8TaXIAVvEIJwOD/AIU5fEWmsoYXaEEZHB6D8KAOO1z4a+GbWbSUNpfYmvVT5NQuSM7HPP7zpx/KteP4W+G45FdbW6DKcj/iYXJ/9qVd1DWbW6u9Jjgu03PdA7cHLDY/ArfoAwbTwPo9jGEhgnVQwf5ruZuRnHV/c1abw3p7EExy5GSP9Ik79f4q1KKAKH9h2e3GyTHT/XP/AI1XuPDMFw0jC6vIdwxiK4YBfpWvRQB/P3/wU8t1s/24/iRCrO4QaWN0jbmP/ErtOSe5r5br6q/4Kj/8n2fE3/uGf+mu0r5VoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACu9/Z/jM3x5+G0YZlL+JdNXcqkkZuo+QB1NcFXov7N7bf2h/hcS6xgeKdLO9jgL/pcXJNAH9MdFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHPeB2dtFkLIiL9qn2KhyNvmNj6fSuhrnfAzM2k3RMjS/wCnXGCxBwPMOAPYV0VAHE+GG8RR+N9TtLrV49V0S1tI9zNCiSpeO7OUG3oqxFODz86121VrXTraxmupYIUikupPOndRzI+0LuJ7naqj6AVZoA4rwz/yU7xt/wBcNP8A/QJa8z034peLP+EV8WeKjfW1yuh+LbvRjpcsQVbizgvDDiMj5vtBRvl5wzKoIwa6jXL7xtpPxI8QP4W8P6ZrVvPbWZme9vzbNGwEgAACHIx3rk9JsfFun6ms1n8OvCq3TahNqQVfEbv/AKXJu82UIUI3nc2TjvQBes/jJ4otz420G5g06fxOs0snhSTfiG+tmZo0aQLkgwyIwk6ZAGOtdHrnjjXtP+COi+Mba5t5bq3t7PUdULRZWe2G1rkIAOCVLFSOmBWbbr8QI2bd8OdDATzhCy66xdRK2ZeSmRuHp3rXg1XxTpeh2mkP4EsorIxfZBbya4jKykYCAsuW+XPXmgDA+Gvxg1fxhrmo6VNJFJJHq8l5aTIiILnQmh8y3nAz3ZkTLbTkNxwakvv2kraPxNo2lw6PNbpLe/Z9TkvpFH2WM2b3QZPLLCQgIVIU4yDgmtqzs9WWSSef4aWYupbBdLkaPU4mDWiFikJyPugu3H+0aztP8FjTdQgvrf4XQx3kNxHcxzf2yjFJI4jEjLk9oyVx0waALmhftCad4lvdNttP8L+J3/tCcQ2811pxtY3zA0+4NMybgFRslQRnitDUvGmq2/x80XwrHLGNGudBuNQlj8sFzKkyIp3dhhjxWVofhu58Mx2S6Z8Nltfsc/nW6/22rrCSrIdm4nA2u4Cjj5j0q5qmn6hrmuRaxefDyRtUhga0ju49aSORYWbcVBVhwSAfwoAf4m+O2iaDa3zQxTXc0Vzd6dBgYSa8t7Zp2iz/AAghSNx4yD25rY0/xsnirw5YpZajY6V4hutPt9Qms5JUlktIpAjOxXPOAxAJ+UnHauaXw7NFcTzr8Mg8k6lJA+rxsvMXksQpbAYxjYWAyR1NXJk1mXw7Fon/AAr2ZdNhjjjjhj1yNGVUIKqHDBsDaO/PSgDo/hnq2ra34NtLzW9rX7S3C+YsRiEsSzusUm3tujCNxwd2Rwa6mvONH1LxLoVvNHZ/D64RZpTM4k12KUliACcuxI4A46cVfbxd4yGMeAZG/wC4vb0AdxRXCnxh4z/6J9If+4xb0n/CYeNP+ifSf+Di3oA7uiuE/wCEw8af9E+k/wDBxb0f8Jh40/6J9J/4OLegDu6K4T/hMPGn/RPpP/Bxb0f8Jh40/wCifSf+Di3oA7uiuE/4TDxp/wBE+k/8HFvR/wAJh40/6J9J/wCDi3oA3fFMzxXOgBGCh9SRWy+3I8uTjrz0HFb1eX6r4g1fU9d8Kw6/4Wl0SD+1VaC5/tGCYGYQy7VKqCeRu6eleoUAFeYeH/iDrFn8G9b8WaoI9Xv7F9SkSC2jEKskFxNHGnJ/uxjJ9Scdq9PrjYfhD4Ut9PmsF06ZrKYXAe2kvrh4z55Yyna0hGSXY56jJxigDqdNujfada3LLsM0SSFR2yAcfrVmqul6bb6PptrYWislraxLDEryM5CqMAFmJJ4HUkmrVAH4A/8ABUf/AJPs+Jv/AHDP/TXaV8q19Vf8FR/+T7Pib/3DP/TXaV8q0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXpP7M7Bf2kPhSSMgeLNJ4/7fIq82r0T9nHI/aG+F5Ubm/wCEp0vAzjP+lxd6AP6ZKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOe8Dqq6TcbSSDeXBwRjH7w8V0NcT4N0oX1jfyLqWoRj+0LlSizAKpEh4Ubelb3/AAjp/wCgrqX/AH+H/wATQBsUVxGh61o3iLUvsFh4h1Ce5Nqt8iiUYeBnKBwdvTcpGDzkdK3/APhHT/0FdS/7/D/4mgCrpEKR+NPEUgcs8kNpuUg4XAkxXnVv4XhtPjr4nEGib9LtvCmktZJ5BEH2qG9v5cIem9d0LHHPK5rstJ0CX/hMNeDXl6ieValZluQWk4kyCNvGP1q3o+raZrE4Wz1e8uV82SFJA+Y5HiOJAGx1Ugg5xnnGaAOJt9e8Raxq2l3n9r6hb6TFfWTSxLpvlFxJA4lhclTuUSFCdpBQ8Emue03xlrfjK50iPULTU2jj1XSbm3+2aY1vLGW8zzw4A2rtKjOCQM4ya9V8ReKNP8M+IfD2kXdxqButfuJLe0MQDRq8cZkIc/wggH1zVvwt4gs/FlnLdadJey6eWUwX0o2x3KkZ3RZ5Kg8ZIGe2RzQB0NFV2JhliAEsm5iCRgheM5Ptxj8asUAFFZul+JNL1y+1SzsL6G7utLnFtexRNloJSiuEb0O1lP41bkuDHdQwiGRxIGJlUDYmMcNznJzxgHoaAJ6Ky9G8R2eu3msW1r5vm6Vd/YrnzIyg8zyo5flJ+8NsqcjjOR2NalABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAcP8TP+Ql4E/wCxii/9J7iu4rh/iXJImpeBfLZVDeIYg4ZA2V+z3HAz0Occ/wCNdxQAUVXkhnZmK3G0HoNgOKwrXUxrOl3OoWPiKMWUTSRvcm3UJG0TlZclsdCrA9vyoA6WiuXTQ/EMtqpTxYGLHcsq6fEQVJyAOfTjNF94f8ST3Be38V/ZYsACP+zonx75JoA/Cn/gqP8A8n2fE3/uGf8AprtK+Va+nv8AgpjbXVn+258R4b28/tC6X+zd9z5Qj3/8S21I+UcDAwPwr5hoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACvRf2b/wDk4j4W/wDY1aX/AOlcVedV6J+zipk/aG+F6q/ls3inSwHxnH+lxc0Af0yUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAcT4N8TaRZ2N/Dc6pZW8yahcho5rmNWH709Ru4/Gt/wD4TDQf+g3p3/gXH/jXL+APDem6hp+qTX+m6feTnVbwec9mm4r5zY3Erycd/wBa6f8A4Q7QP+gHpv8A4CR/4UAcB4DsbXwj4n1C9PiXRE0vULfzbqyhukIa/MjM9wmcbFZSMoONwzjJJPoK+LNDkbC6zp7H0F1Gf615v4H8TaF4q8WQ6NJ4e0NvtWknV4ZLWBC0KiYQvDKpGdwY/ewAcMMfLXpCeEdCjbKaLp6n1W1jH9KAMjStc0v/AISnW5xqenmOSG2wy3KEnHmDnmuLuvAUOoXN3PHfaRpltqS3SavY2V1mz1FZFYRyMhHyy7tpZxgnkZbt3lh4b0dNd1NE0uzUeVACotkAx8/+z9a43R/iFpH9ra9a6zp+k6Db6Q1w9zb3cflTQ2sTYS5+ZQJIn5O5MhSQMk5oA5nSfhp4kvfiJYeJtWvdEht11ddSezs7x5gi/YTA4BZR8zPg8dQOeapaV8Fda0Oz077Bc6Jbyr4bi0WeFrhkjSaO6WQTKVU5ym7sCDt9SR6rq3jHw/bw6rY6dNYHXbWGXZZSwMSsiw+aodAA23aQeOoPHNRaZ460SXUTY31zY/bGktbf7NDaSZimmi8xVdiCPmwdp49DzQByLfDvV5ktWXU7HS71ddv783cM+91glinSHGQNzKZVO3oMGur8FWt/oOkalcX1potprM6glbHUJHhuZETaHbeo2FjjJAJx1yRTj8UvApVWOoWuN1ugY2z4DTyGKAfd4LuNgHrgUeNviBoHhHwJN4mWyGqwCZLS3treEb5rh5hAseCMj94cMccBWODjFAHLzeALrR9fk1DRNas4m1PRJbDVVuLhU8y7DeZBclowGLZeZWbqQ6n+HnG134e67rGtaVqWm6jo/hmSPTdXt7uKz1OSRHuLmOBYZOQOjROSQMjdkc5rc+JvjPXPANxoTN4Y0afT9Q1fTbCW/Zy2wXF0sLxLEBuLqjblfOCeNorVh+IXh2TxEE8rT10BtOiukvWtyrmZ7prcR4I/vgLjGcmgDQ8A6dD4b1DxVcTyadbJq2ox3y+Td72Yi0t4WLg8A5h4x1HPWuv/ALYsP+f62/7+r/jXKzeMvCH2wWUP2eW+aO4cRR2LybBDII5S+1PlCuyg5x1rL8UeNNN0m10I6fZafeS3mo2Nrcl7V1SOK453A7eGxyAx479RkA77+2LD/n+tv+/q/wCNH9sWH/P9bf8Af1f8axtG1fwt4hvLi005rC7ubdFkljjiGVVs7T05Bx29vUVs/wBjaf8A8+Nt/wB+V/woAP7YsP8An+tv+/q/40f2xYf8/wBbf9/V/wAaP7G0/wD58bb/AL8r/hR/Y2n/APPjbf8Aflf8KAD+2LD/AJ/rb/v6v+NH9sWH/P8AW3/f1f8AGj+xtP8A+fG2/wC/K/4Uf2Np/wDz423/AH5X/CgA/tiw/wCf62/7+r/jR/bFh/z/AFt/39X/ABo/sbT/APnxtv8Avyv+FH9jaf8A8+Nt/wB+V/woAP7YsP8An+tv+/q/40f2xYf8/wBbf9/V/wAaP7G0/wD58bb/AL8r/hR/Y2n/APPjbf8Aflf8KAOL+I+o2k+o+B/LuoZNviGIttkU4H2e4967ZNUs5CAt3AxJx8sinn061xHxI0yzh1LwN5dpAmfEMQO2NRn/AEe49q7dNLsoyClnApByNsSjn16UAP8AttuVJE8RA4J3ivKrLwlrK/CzxD4UuNNgaXUV1XbJJdIYyJ5JmiHrz5iew5rtPiJ4gt/APgHxF4jGmR340mwmvvsmRF53lxltu7aducYzg49KqeHvGlvr+ny60bWxj8MfZo5oNUjuvM858kSIE2DCqQAGBO4ngDuAdD4fX7NounW0uxLiK2jR41cNtIUAjjrzWlWLoer6L4ikv20yWG5ksblrO58tcNFMoBZG46gMPzq9JpNpNGEeEFd27GT19f1oA/A3/gqN/wAn2fEz/uGf+mu0r5Vr6n/4KhQpB+3R8S4412oP7MwP+4ZaV8sUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXpX7Mi7v2kvhOp6HxbpI/8nIq81r0r9mPb/w0l8J94yv/AAluk5+n2yKgD+l6iiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDyvwL4uOi2+t2y6HrWoAazfN59paBozmZjgEsM46V0//AAsBtpP/AAjHiLjHH2Jc/wDodV/hT/yCNa/7Dd//AOj2q/8AE6+l0z4b+KL2C6exntdMubiO5jfYY2SJmVs9sECgDAsNcstO1y/1iPwh4jbU71EiluXslLeUhZljGG4UF3PrljknitxPHTOwH/CN68uQTlrNcdP9+vJviF8RvFGmHxLc6ZI1xPpfhjTdS0S2R8Lf3k0twsylVIMoCxw/LyBv96+gqAOGsvGLL4i1Rv7A8Qcx24+azUJ/y0+6d3Pv6Vg+JfDeheLtJWx13w54j1i0RLiMR3EQLGOdSjxkhgSu08An0POBXoNixbxJqoJTAigxj738fWvDvBfxT1O0bXjrepSSaFc+MLzQtNvJJi0tpcx3xgjtnIUZSTA25OQWKHjbQB1194d0SXxEniNfDviaHWnV/PuraJVe4/ceSBKN21sJ93jgjNZyeH9Ij1Ce+GgeNPtk91Y3kk3kR5aS1XbH3xgj7w757VDrfxpuvCtvrOomCD7FpcOuTy2c140slzLZosihZCPkUg/dCnb74rat/jJqDaoLOfRrVZEutPtpY4b0s227b5JU3Iu5UUjcMddwB+XkA5seAvDf9m21k/hzxrKkEunzCR413u1nd/a4Sxzj/WfewBkccV0F9baPqXgu68MXPhPxVLptxPJdFjbL5qSvcNcb1bdwVkbK+mAOaSx+OVxPJAb3RoNLtJvJhN1cX6bILh7iWMxSccEJGrA9zKi9Tmq2l/HnUJvGlx4ev9CsbdrOTS4rm4t9T81Qb37RsKAR4IUwDuM7/bkAveLWsfG1ppVvqvh3xdImm6lZ6rAY7ZEJmtpVlj3fNyCyjcO/tWFB4O8P21nFbp4b8ZHyVURySQozIVvGu1YHd1EjEf7vFd9dfETzPGt/4asILVr6wFo863tz5BkScvzENp37QvbqcjrXB+NPinq15oPhyeGNvD9+viKwsL+GO43YkeZle3JKjcCgDdOjLxQBs2aaXYa1datB4V8UxX11DcRTOtquHM7xs74Lfe/dIB2AHQ1UuNOsLmQiTQ/GbWzTWlxJbmBSsj24ATOW4DBV3BcZIzXP+Iv2qIvCnh9b5NCW+UaTe6u2NSyNtvqUNkyByhySZtwzjG3b71b1r47G18aadqAWUaHb2muR3FnBNueZ7W4s40doyoK48yQ/7IJJzQB1/hfWl8J6bbWFtoXi64tLaPyYI7m1jby485VeCMhRhR/sgDnrW1/wsN/+hW8R/wDgEv8A8XXMX3xk1S38b2Xh220LT7w3Npe3y3MerrtaKDZt2/JjcxcDDFQuMk12ngnxhH4y064ukiW3aGcwyW7FvNhYKpKSqygo43dOeCCCQaAG2fjRruPd/wAI/rcH7wR7ZrUKeRnd977o9a07HWDfQtJ9gvLfBI2TxBWOBnpnvWjRQBWa82gn7PMeFPC+px69up9qs0UUAQx3HmNKPKkTY+zLLgNwDke3P6GpqKKAGxvvz8rLg4+YfrTqKKAOH+JgzqPgX/sYYv8A0nuK7iuK+JC7tQ8EZBO3xBEeD/073FdrQBieNvC8PjfwfrXh64mktoNUs5bOSaL7yK6lSR74NchffC+fR9P1+PR7hrqx1W1WKTQ5AsduJj8r3ER/5ZswO4gcFlBGDk10HxGt9cn0KFvDeorp2sx3ULwGdN0E+GBaGUdQjqGXcOVJBHTFeeeG/jRcap4x1G1QA3NzcWmmx6RfTeSLC7EMsk8bnYWyQqlePmBBHBoA9H8E6DdaDFexzQWtvFLIJF8mILJI+0B5JGBO5iQOTzxXTVzvw/8AGkHj/wAI6XrsED2gvYRKbWRgzxHJUgkcEZU4I4OK6KgD8Af+Co//ACfZ8Tf+4Z/6a7SvlWvqr/gqP/yfZ8Tf+4Z/6a7SvlWgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK9D/Z03f8ADQfww2MqP/wlGl7WZtoB+1xck9h7155XY/Bj/ksPgX/sPWH/AKUJQB/TsvQUtRWv/HrD/uL/ACqWgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDnPD3hu78Mw3sFtcQzRXF7NeZmQhlMrlyvB6DOKvXtjd6lZz2t3Fp91azI0ckE0RdHU8FWUnBBHUVq0UAc9N4ekmNgxsNGeSxGLVntSfs/T/V/3OAOmOg9Kuuus7hsex2/7SPn+dalFAGBFZ6/HeXM/naafNVFC+XJxt3Z/i96gj0C8ihkiSy0NIpbj7XIi2rBXm3B/NIzy+4Bt3XIBrpqKAOTuPCcl1GY5tL8PTITIxWSyLAmQYkOD3YdfXvU8mhX0s0c7Wui+fGgjjmFu2+NRnAVs5GMnGOma6WigDybwx8DYfDdqtq8Wj6naJG8KW9zYKFZGkEh80DiVtyqQzDgjPU11sPhOS1XEOleHoh+74Sy2/wCrz5fT+7k7fTJxXWUUActfeHL3UL6O/ltNDfUoU2QXz2heaEckbWJyMEk4zVHRfAtzo+ni3eLSb+Vrr7fNc3NszPLdYAM5GcB+ByOnau3ooA5GTweZYDA+k+HXhKPEY2scrsdxI649GcBiO5AJ5oXwcVup7n+yvD5nnDiWU2ZLSBwBJk99wA3euBnNddRQBx9p4DtbHBttE8PWxRJIUWGy2KI5MCRSBxhgq57HAzWxp+m3WmW4it4rCAE5YRRsAcKAO/J4xz2ArYooApKNQ2/M1tnjorfj3qST7Z/yzMGf9oN/jVmigCt/pmH5hzxt4P455qJxqWyLY1rvx+83K2M+3NXqKAKUg1HzD5bWoTtuVs9B7+uaZMNU3t5TWYTHG9XznH1+laFFAGUV1vCYfT8/xfI/6c01l13Pyyadj3ST/GteigDj/EXhzXteuNElNzpsX9m6gt7jypDvxHIm373H38/hWxt1/wD56ab/AN8Sf41sUUAYN1Y6xeeV539myeVIJUyknDDofvVVvPDt5fyPLcWmjSyu6SGRoH37kyEbdnOQCQD2ya6iigDmrDQ7/S33WVto9oRCluBDA6ARoWKIADgAF2wB6mru3X/+emm/98Sf41sUUAfnn+05/wAEp9R/aS+OXiX4jTfEy18PvrX2XOnx6G1wIvJtooPvm4XOfK3dB97HbNeZ/wDDjOTn/i9S57f8Usf/AJMr9WKKAPynH/BDOXv8aVA/7FY//JlO/wCHGL84+Na/+Er/APdtfqtRQB+VH/DjJ+P+L1Lnv/xSv/3ZSD/ghnLzn40oPT/ilj/8mV+rFFAH5TH/AIIZzYOPjRHnt/xS5/8Akykb/ghnPtG340Rk45z4XI/9vK/VqigD8o2/4IaXW4bfjPCRjnPhkj/27pv/AA41vP8AossH/hNN/wDJVfq9RQB+UP8Aw41vP+iywf8AhNN/8lVs+Df+CK974Q8YaFro+LsF2dLv4L37P/wjzJ5vlyK+3d9pOM7cZwcZ6V+otFADIo/LjRM52gCn0UUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXzba/HLxL4d/aM1rwxrc8mo+FNdaWx8OGC1jV7PUbaJZJbcsAN/mxy71LnjyH7Hj6SrGg8HaLb30t6mnxfa5Ltr4zPlmWdojC0ikn5SYyU+XHBIoA+fvAP7TGo+GfgNoHivxnFdeI7mf7dJeapbxQWyKkN+bZVEYIy5VlICjB2tkjiuhuP2sdOs/F50G48O3iO2vah4ejuI7iN0a4trJb0MQOQrxN9VYYIPWu0k/Z5+HU2k2WmSeFbN7GziuYLeFmkIjjuJFkmQHdnDuqsR6ircfwO8Cx61Fqw8N2p1CLUZdWSdmckXckQhklwWwWaMBDxjAxQB4r8UP2vNQtvgv4o8ReEtD+za1ZeFtN8SWz6lKrRLHeTyQgYA5aMxMcHg8V3+t/HzTvhbrWm+HfFCajNJJDfytq0ixtuFram7kO2MDKiPKhiFJKdOc10cn7P/wAPZtM1LTn8L2bWOpWcOn3VuWfZLbRSNJFERu4VXZiAOmT2q5P8FvBF14kk1+bw7azatJO909xIWbfI8H2d2Kk7Tuh+Q8YI65oA4Vf2i9R1DUvAo0/wjIul+KrmYW15fXgi8y2XTjepNGFVs7lBQg4wyMPQ1z1r+234fuvhteeMl8PagLO28Mf8JQbfzU3tD9sktTH6bt0RbPTBFexaH8I/CPhyx0ez0/RYoLbR53uNOjaSRxaM8ZiYR7mO1djMuwfKAcAVlzfs9/DqbT72xbwpYixvbFtNntU3rE1q0pmMO0NgJ5jM2ABgk+tAHnHxH/agX4Y+LPEkmp6bqr2mjeFF199IX7PtljN6sAkWTG4SEN9wnbj0NbVt+1Rpd1peqXCeG9Ylu9N1LVNMnt4IxIolsoTK/wC8HHzrgKOpJPoTXeeJvg14K8ZXV7c614etdRnvdOXSLh5ixMtosglEJ5+7vUN9RWF4g+Aej3jJ/Yd1e+GI5L641O8XSbqS3a6uZkCNK7gnkAHjGCcdMUAY/wC0H8Rtb8J+BPB+vaHf3Whf2lrmm2dzG1lHPN5Ny4VkKMGw43Dp3FM8F/GDxVp/iLS/B3jDw7JJ4h1C2v8AU7a5tZI1UWMN1HFHJcrkCOQxzRswQsAQQB2rurv4W6T4i8H6NoHiwyeLV0yWC6W61E4kkuIWDRzNswNwYA+mRW5ceFdKuvE9n4ils0fWrS2ks4LzLbkhkZWdAM4wSiHp/CKAPGbH9sjwZeJYhkmin1iG2udEhzk30Vxe/YomJxiMmYHIJOE+bnkDcb9pXRrXxH/Y1/ourafd2tkt7q6zRAnSkaOWRWm2kjYVgkO4EgfL3NdDe/AT4fahpF1pk/hSweyuYUt3jCspWNJTMqowO6MCQlxsIw3PWtf/AIVj4X/4SGTXTpELatLZrp810zOWnt1JKxyAnEgG5sbgT8x9aAPn20/a8m034ta4NahuE8FtougXmn6fFaobyKbUrowRs7b8bfmjJUnIBON2Oe60n9rTwxr2uaZpGnaJr13f6lq+saJbxLDCC1zpoBnBJlACsCNhzz3C10sH7Nvw1t/tWzwpak3Vva2srPLKxMVtJ5luoJckeW4DLjBGKseH/wBn74feFdW0vU9K8NQWl9pl7e6jZzLNKxiuLvH2qQZcgmTAznPtigChpfx+03xVpd1d+FdG1LxMypLJbJZqqpcCK6+yzASMQqssgc7SclVJGe3qVcPH8E/BVvpGr6Xb6FHaadqtz9su7W1nlhjaXeJCyhWHl5dQxCYBPJBya7igAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK4qb4veHLTxHrWjXV01pPo9t9rvJJkKpHFhyXJ7LhPvdDuAGTmu1rlvHHw30Tx94b17RtQtgkOs2jWdzND8sm0gjIPqNx5/OgDm/F3xyt/BegDWr/w1rTaa9t9riuIY4mRo98Sjcd/7tiJVIV8E7WA5GK7hvFWjpY2162p2q2txJ5UUxlXYz5xtBzjOQR9a4Lxx8OfFXxA+FureE9S1fSkurqOCKO9jtZCrbJUdnkTcOSE6KcAn04rnvDfwB1nw74jv9SOq6VqFne398ZNLubSQ262dxLBKFVQ/EqvD1xtO88A0Aej+KPiRpfhpE251KddSs9NuLe1lj8y3a5mSFHcMw+UM4zjJ4OASMVpat4y0PQ9Cm1q+1S3t9KhkWKS8Z8xqzOIwMj/AG2A+pry3Xvgd4j1jwnL4eTxFZQQR6ja3NvqQtG+3G3jvBcmOSTdywIKqwwBuJIJrp9Q+Hesa18Jf+EUvdRsBqUZhEd5b2rLC4hnSRC8e7qwjG7BAyxxigDe8K/EDT/FN1qdqo+xXVje3Fn9nuJYzJKImCtKqqxIQnpnB9QKsat4ys7Lwrqmu2CSa5FYQyTNbacVeWQoCWRQSBu44BIryq8/Z71bVJNXFxrVjZ/2jqepXzXWnWrxXSJcQCNEEm/kqwyT3AAAGM16f4N0G/03T7p9ai0n+1L1/Mu5NIgeKKVtoXcQ7MScDHXoBQBgf8Lo05tS8RWEemXst1o9lZ36pG0RF7Fc5CGE78HDKVJOADjqCK6i+8caDpMM8l/q1nZ/Z2jSdZZ1zEztsVW56lvl+vFea+Ef2e5PDt94VurjW/tj6LLdwuFh2/aLEyl7K2Jz0twsIyc5KHpuqjN8CfEdz441TXpNX0ZopBMLa2axdgQb5LqPzQW2k/KylgM5O4c0AezvrVhHPLC97bpLEAXRpVBUE4GefWsvxF42sdAXS0VJtSu9WlMNhbWSh2nYIXJDZ2qoVSSzEAeteW+MfgNrXiLwvq+gw3+ktBNq1vqVne3MEhuVVb6K6likIOCD5ZQY7EZ6c93408B3Wp614X13Qpba01Pw/JIIra5Vvs8sMsflyRkKRtbGCrDoRyCCaAN3S/FVveQ5vIJtHuPPNt9nv9qMzgA/IQSHBB4Kkg1Z1LxJpWj2d5dXuo21tb2cMk9w7ygCKNBl2b0Cjr6V5944+FOqeNtXg1K4v4InuNEudEu7YbjHB5xB+0Qeki4xk9eOmK5fXv2e9b1XVp7mDVbCC3uLzWJZ4WiY+fFd2C20Sv6lZFEjDoe3NAHtseuadLHHIt9blJIRcI3mAAxkZD/THeq114u0WzvtOs5dTtRdajK0FpCJAWmdV3MqgdcLyfSvJdU+B2u6lo3iLTpp9EuBqWl+RBcSRTeZa3BtFt2RRux5HykgYyAxHPWofDv7Pup6F4w0zWEudLjhsdYGoCNUkJdDYrbSEZPyOzLuwPl6d80Ae3vqFrHeJaNcwrdOu5YS4DkeoHXsfyrnNE+IVr4khvrjS7G7vrO2uPsqXMIRknkEpifb82QEYEktjjmsO6+GOoXPjC81F7+3ns5tWtdVhkmjJurYRRqj26MOkR2BgOxllzncKvfBvwHffDnwV/ZGo3UF5eG9urpprZCqESzPIowe4DAH6UAafgvx9p/jzSzqenRXCaf5k8K3E6BFLwzvBKvXjDxsOeoGRxWhH4s0WbULqxTVbNry1EbTweeu6MSAmMkZ43BWI9cGvL9N+CusaX8L9E0FdRtZdT0vXrnW9pDrbXIlu7ifyHwd2AtwBn+8gOMVW0v9n99F8QXd1Db6PJps8mkSR2PlvttTabw4QtkkMH+XPTJzxQB6j4k8ZWPhvRpdRY/bY4pIY3jtpELASypGG5IGBvBPsDjNaw1C1OMXMJyGYfvByFOGP0Hf0rxG7+Cniy817V7t9Q0MWV2ogjtIbeSNPLW8jnjLKDjcEVkJ9cHpxWj4i+H5vNc0G1jiisdUh1O6mieyhlEX9mzN/pKM4XYsjbvuk8kkgHmgD0i/8Y2GneI9O0iUnzL22uLlbgMvlIsXl7txzkZ81ccY4NattqFreKrW9zDOrZ2tHIGBxnOMfQ/lXz54o/Zz8T694d13Ql1rTnhuLDWbK01C5jcz7b1o2jDheAIvLC8dQBjFdh4g+Dd/q2rK1le2+jacNQ03UUjs0KG3+zsxmhQLgbZM8n3bIOaAO00H4haV4jur0WcgaxtZJoDftIgiaWGVopkHzbgUdCCSAD1BNbf9sWHnPF9tt/Nj++nmruX6jPHQ/lXhF5+zjq8ccS2N1opze+I5ZUurZmjaLUriSaMFQRuMe5VIPBxkYrck+Des2/hu+s7X+xTqV1qBlkvXhYSPbm3MeN+NwcO27vxuHBbNAHr66hbSXHkLcwtN/wA8w4LdM9PpzWfH4mt5PFs3h4Qzi8is0vml2fuvLZ2QDd/eyrcegry3wj8F9Z8Py6Pc3E1hNfwy6Y11dRlw7C2tmilYEjJMh28HsOa72+0HVrbxpqOv2AtZxNpEdnDbzOyHzklkcEkA/KRJ9eKAOg1LWbDR7S6ur68gtLe1iaeeSaQKsUYGS7E9AMHmoNc8RWfh/wAO3mtz+bPYWtu1y5tIzM7RgZJVVyW454rya4+BOtXXhnXLO81uHUNRvI9WRJ5kbbMt2o8qOXOcpG3AHpjHNdivw7ul0HWE/tW+e91LTDZmxlui9jauY9v7lNo2gH9KAOytdSt7rToL5ZAttNGsqPJ8vysARnPTqKeb62DxobiIPIcIu8ZYkZGPXgE/hXK+IvDGqXHw+s9F0/7FNewraRubwHy2WN08wjHRtqttPY4NeO6V+zj4ptdMtIptS08Xlu2kvHcI8jvG1rcSs5R25GYpdo9eQeKAPoC38QWlz4gudHjJa6t7dLhyMFdrM6gdeoKHg+orM0n4jeH9bVHtr9fLkvH0+J5UZFkuELBolJAyw2NwPSuU+Evwx1j4f3VmNRvbXVPJ0ODTZ9QwwubqeOaVvNfPXcsmTkk5zVfw98JdY0vwzDoUt7ZfZpNfn1a6mVXMojM5mjSI9FfcFDE5G3cB1oA9MvNWttP0e41O6Zre0t4WuJWkQgoiqWYkdeADxVdfE2ns2kbZWKasM2kgRtsnyeYBnHBKgkA9dp9K81b4U+IrjQbzSbu/t7qOfRRYQ3LTzeZbT+TNG7jnDBvMUgnkbTnPGKem/BfxPY6bqVnB4laydrq3n066Vmlaz2aULRyqtwC026THT5j3oA9rorynxN8LvEGva8uoW2uNpvmQXgxHNIy2k8tskaSRrkBtsi78NxwMdTRefDHxJdfYC2vM0a2awXNqsjrGZhazxNMpzu+Z5YjgnjygRzQB6tWa/iLTo9UtNON0jXd15nkovIYx43jI4BGeleZr8JvEQlsN3iC4+yBI0v7SG7lj+0/6IkTNv6giRC2BjIdiecVl2/wB1KLwrFpEeow2FxHcardfbrJ5FkEt0++OQEnO5ScHJ5A96APcqK8S8RfCHxlrniHT7xNehsrSO50+a6t7eeZVnEGprcuSM/eeIOh7EtjG2tTwf8LvEGiyWC3+rz3lvaSPLDG+oTHYftMrgN/z0HluAA3TGOQBQB3/AIs8Xab4M0O91XUpGFvaR+bIkKGSXbkDIQcnk1pLqNo0AmF1CYWbaJBINpPpnPXg/lXlnxG+EereKrnXJdLvYLWPVYmgube6JkVwIlCPGcboWDDDBThlxxmq+j/BXU9P8X6tdzX9tP4avJr4x6HsxDCJ0i2yKMYDh0kz7ScY5yAetXGoQW0cjNIrsob92hBdioyVA7nHauXu/itoNj4b8O63NJMllr13aWdp+7y/mXMixxbl6gF2UE9s1wr/AAf8SQeKvDdxFfWd1p+k6x/aMt1cO4ubhGshbuGAGN+9VbPQgnuKyo/gB4g/sXQNOlv7Cb+zdR0LUVmk3lofsUyPLCg/uuEYg8fM7Z7UAev23jrSrnxlf+GRK0eqWcMM7rIAqssu7aFPc/I3FbqzxySOiyKzx/fUMCVz0z6V458QPgLdeOPF+u6qupQ2K366Q9tcpGTcWslndid9pz/GgKZGPvHORxWv8JPhpqPg2/u7vW4NNudV+ziyOtWskpnv4xK8itMrHaCN59eScEDigD0iPULWZJHjuYXSP77LICF+vPFNXVLOS+WzW7ha7aLz1gEgLmPON4HXbnjNfP3g/wDZv8ReGdP8L2v9s2iJp9vYDUY4lbZqLW95LMVk7kGOXAP95FzkDFeieF/hzqHhvxxY6oXs7qzTTbqykkwVmjL3ZnjC8fcCttxkY2igDvP7XsSHIvbchfvfvV45xzz6kD6mpnuoY5Cjyor7S+1mAO0dT9K8cvvgjcX0eqr9h0mM3MWtQKBuw4u5llhdsDqpUZHYgEVTj/Z/15vDd7Z3Picz6jJfz30d1hizRSWDW5tHYknyhIwcY/uLnmgD22O+t5lRo7iJ1clUZXBDEHBA9cGs288W6ba6lJp63MVxfwtAJ7WORTJAszlI3dSchSQfyNec6H8HtT8PeLtJvFlsNT0lLGxhmt7kOn2K4thITPbKvGZTKS27uqnmt7VvAN9cfEC81qCHTZLK9j05ZvORhMrW1w8hOR97KsMZ6FfSgDuV1G1ZUIuYSHGVIkHI56c+x/Klhvre4RniuIpVUBmZHBABGQT+FeHXfwP8URR+FrbTtR0u2tNHv/tsm2Nw8i/ariRogf7rRXGMHgEH143fhV8G9R8CzXMF/qEN1pM3hnTNENtACpM1t9oWWYn/AG1mjHr8n0oA7zQPHOjeJbv7LY30Uty1uLyOIOC0luXZFlA/ulkYZ9RVBvir4bim8QxTXj27aFdw2N550LIPOlVTGqEj5929QCuRk47VgeEfhPc+Dda07U7e6iupLDR4dDiikBX9wty0jOSOrbGUAY6qfWsnVvgbda1qPjW4nvoohqus2GsWBiByj2yINsg7glCOOx9qAO1h+KXh2TUodPe98m+eUwNDIMGOQTeQFY+8vygjgmuj0zVINWt2ntizQh2jDspAbBwSueoz3rkR8PJri31Fru5hbUb7UJJzfQxBZLe3LgrHGTnawVVG7+9lsZqH4f8AhfxZ4TjuotU1aPWluNRd18xyq29od3lpGoHBUbFx35OaAO/ooooAKK/Iv/grt8bviL8Nf2kvDemeEfH3ijwrps3hK2uZLPRNZubOF5TeXimQpG6gsVRBuxnCgdhXxB/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47R/w1j8b/wDosnxA/wDCovv/AI7QB/SnRX81n/DWPxv/AOiyfED/AMKi+/8AjtH/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47QB/SnRX81n/AA1j8b/+iyfED/wqL7/47RQB9Vf8Fq/+TpvC3/YmWv8A6XX1fAFff/8AwWr/AOTpvC3/AGJlr/6XX1fAFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAH3/wD8Fq/+TpvC3/YmWv8A6XX1fAFff/8AwWr/AOTpvC3/AGJlr/6XX1fAFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAH3/wD8Fq/+TpvC3/YmWv8A6XX1fAFff/8AwWr/AOTpvC3/AGJlr/6XX1fAFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAH3/wD8Fq/+TpvC3/YmWv8A6XX1fAFff/8AwWr/AOTpvC3/AGJlr/6XX1fAFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAH3/wD8Fq/+TpvC3/YmWv8A6XX1fAFff/8AwWr/AOTpvC3/AGJlr/6XX1fAFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAH3/wD8Fq/+TpvC3/YmWv8A6XX1fAFff/8AwWr/AOTpvC3/AGJlr/6XX1fAFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAH3/wD8Fq/+TpvC3/YmWv8A6XX1fAFff/8AwWr/AOTpvC3/AGJlr/6XX1fAFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAH3/wD8Fq/+TpvC3/YmWv8A6XX1fAFff/8AwWr/AOTpvC3/AGJlr/6XX1fAFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAH3/wD8Fq/+TpvC3/YmWv8A6XX1fAFfrT/wVA/Yz+MX7RPx90DxJ8PfB/8AwkGi2vhm30+a5/tOztts63V3IybZpkY4WWM5Ax83XIOPkD/h1x+07/0TP/yv6X/8k0AfKtFfVX/Drj9p3/omf/lf0v8A+SaP+HXH7Tv/AETP/wAr+l//ACTQB8q0V9Vf8OuP2nf+iZ/+V/S//kmj/h1x+07/ANEz/wDK/pf/AMk0AfKtFfVX/Drj9p3/AKJn/wCV/S//AJJo/wCHXH7Tv/RM/wDyv6X/APJNAHyrRX1V/wAOuP2nf+iZ/wDlf0v/AOSaP+HXH7Tv/RM//K/pf/yTQB8q0V9Vf8OuP2nf+iZ/+V/S/wD5Jo/4dcftO/8ARM//ACv6X/8AJNAHyrRX1V/w64/ad/6Jn/5X9L/+SaP+HXH7Tv8A0TP/AMr+l/8AyTQB8q0V9Vf8OuP2nf8Aomf/AJX9L/8Akmj/AIdcftO/9Ez/APK/pf8A8k0AfKtFfVX/AA64/ad/6Jn/AOV/S/8A5Jo/4dcftO/9Ez/8r+l//JNAHyrRX1V/w64/ad/6Jn/5X9L/APkmj/h1x+07/wBEz/8AK/pf/wAk0AfKtFfVX/Drj9p3/omf/lf0v/5Jo/4dcftO/wDRM/8Ayv6X/wDJNAHyrRX1V/w64/ad/wCiZ/8Alf0v/wCSaP8Ah1x+07/0TP8A8r+l/wDyTQB8q0V9Vf8ADrj9p3/omf8A5X9L/wDkmj/h1x+07/0TP/yv6X/8k0AfKtFfVX/Drj9p3/omf/lf0v8A+SaP+HXH7Tv/AETP/wAr+l//ACTQB8q0V9Vf8OuP2nf+iZ/+V/S//kmj/h1x+07/ANEz/wDK/pf/AMk0AfKtFfVX/Drj9p3/AKJn/wCV/S//AJJo/wCHXH7Tv/RM/wDyv6X/APJNAHyrRX1V/wAOuP2nf+iZ/wDlf0v/AOSaP+HXH7Tv/RM//K/pf/yTQB8q0V9Vf8OuP2nf+iZ/+V/S/wD5Jo/4dcftO/8ARM//ACv6X/8AJNAHyrRX1V/w64/ad/6Jn/5X9L/+SaP+HXH7Tv8A0TP/AMr+l/8AyTQB8q0V9Vf8OuP2nf8Aomf/AJX9L/8Akmj/AIdcftO/9Ez/APK/pf8A8k0AfKtFfVX/AA64/ad/6Jn/AOV/S/8A5Jo/4dcftO/9Ez/8r+l//JNAHyrRX1V/w64/ad/6Jn/5X9L/APkmj/h1x+07/wBEz/8AK/pf/wAk0AfKtFfVX/Drj9p3/omf/lf0v/5Jo/4dcftO/wDRM/8Ayv6X/wDJNAHyrRX1V/w64/ad/wCiZ/8Alf0v/wCSaP8Ah1x+07/0TP8A8r+l/wDyTQB8q0V9Vf8ADrj9p3/omf8A5X9L/wDkmj/h1x+07/0TP/yv6X/8k0AfKtFfVX/Drj9p3/omf/lf0v8A+SaP+HXH7Tv/AETP/wAr+l//ACTQB8q0V9Vf8OuP2nf+iZ/+V/S//kmj/h1x+07/ANEz/wDK/pf/AMk0AfKtFfVX/Drj9p3/AKJn/wCV/S//AJJo/wCHXH7Tv/RM/wDyv6X/APJNAHyrRX1V/wAOuP2nf+iZ/wDlf0v/AOSaP+HXH7Tv/RM//K/pf/yTQB8q0V9Vf8OuP2nf+iZ/+V/S/wD5Jo/4dcftO/8ARM//ACv6X/8AJNAHyrRX1V/w64/ad/6Jn/5X9L/+SaKAP//Z)

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)Figure
15: Process description for synthesis of BZM-2 (redacted)

237 As discerned from the table above (see “Raw material” at [236] above), the
total quantity of THF utilised in the synthesis of BZM-2 is 16 litres. There
are also specifications on the levels of moisture in the reagents. This
includes the specification of the limit of 0.1% water content for
dichloromethane, one of the reagents for the synthesis of BZM-2.

238 Where the plaintiffs take objection is whether the same limitation on
moisture is applied to the different lots of THF (ie, THF-1, THF-2 and THF-3)
used in the process. 313

##### Foot Note 313

×

PCS at para 84.

In cross-examination, Mr Amarendhar testified that the specification on water
content applies equally to all lots of THF: 314

##### Foot Note 314

×

Transcript (22 October 2021) at p 98 ln 12 to 26 and p 99 ln 5 to 19.

Q: Thank you. Now, so you say that this control of the moisture in THF is only
for lot 1 of THF. Isn’t that correct?

A: That lot 1 we are using in the reaction.

Q: Okay, yes. So---but you also use lot 2 of THF and lot 3 of THF and---

A: We are using from the same lot---

Q: Correct?

A: ---when supervising, we are checking and---we are checking, but the same
result will be applicable for the lot 1 lot.

Q: Well, I don’t know because there isn’t any instructions from your
manufacturing process here that the lot 2 and lot 3 of THF also has moisture
control. There isn’t any instruction on that. Do you see any instruction about
lot 2 and lot 3 of THF being---also having moisture control of 0.1%? Do you
see it?

…

Do you see it or you don’t?

A: In the document it’s not, but we are practising.

…

Q: Sorry, Mr Maha---Amarendhar, do you agree or do you not agree that there is
no limitation of moisture for lot 2 and lot 3 of THF? Do you agree or you
don’t---you can disagree with me.

A: I disagree.

Q: Thank you.

COURT: Can you explain why you disagree?

Witness: THF---so we are checking the TH---water content in the THF after a---
on the (indistinct) but THF lot 2 and lot 3 has a specification limits. So
every raw metal will have the specification limit, but we are not checking
over here. So we will use the same lot, THF. Once we are checking one---water
content, it will be, like, applicable to the remaining lots also. We don’t
want to burden the---the QC by testing the same repeated analysis again and
again.

239 Dr Johannes also testified in cross-examination that the person skilled in
the art would consider THF-2 and THF-3 to be subject to same limitation: 315

##### Foot Note 315

×

Transcript (27 October 2021) at p 96 ln 4 to 20.

Q: You see that THF, there's lot 1, lot 2, lot 3?

A: Yes.

Q: You see that note there, "Check water content for THF and DCM should not be
more than 0.1 per cent". So –

A: Yes, I see that.

Q: -- that moisture control is only for DCM and THF lot 1. There is no
description for moisture control for lot 2 and lot 3. So as a person skilled
in the art, I'm asking you, can you therefore assume that there is no moisture
control for lot 2 and lot 3 of THF, "yes" or "no"?

A: No, I would assume the opposite actually, sorry, I would assume that the
same applies to lot 2 and lot 3.

Q: It is also 0.1 per cent?

A: Yes.

240 The plaintiffs suggest that there is a lack of moisture control in respect
of the other two lots of THF. The suggestion is two-fold: first, DRL’s process
description provides no such limitation for the water content in the other two
lots (ie, THF-2 and THF-3) and second, THF-2 and THF-3 are not tested for
water content. 316

##### Foot Note 316

×

PCS at para 85.

Moreover, the plaintiffs contend that even if Mr Amarendhar’s evidence that
THF-2 and THF-3 are subject to the same limitation on moisture at 0.1% is
accepted, that would still mean that THF-2 and THF-3 contained moisture. 317

##### Foot Note 317

×

PCS at para 85.

The defendant takes the view that the objection rests on shaky foundations as
the problem of epimerisation was previously resolved in US 309, and the issue
of moisture control relates to process control in the actual manufacturing
process. 318

##### Foot Note 318

×

DRS at para 29.

241 I do not think that the plaintiffs’ submission in respect of THF-2 and
THF-3 bears any merit. The explanations provided by Mr Amarendhar (see [238]
above) and Dr Johannes (see [239] above) that THF-2 and THF-3 are subject to
the same specification limits for moisture as THF-1 and further that it
suffices to test THF-1 to calibrate the efficiency of the quality control
process are reasonable. In any case, before the BZM-2 is introduced as a
starting material for the synthesis of BZM-4 (and the rest of the process for
the synthesis of bortezomib), the process description provides that the
organic layer is distilled off until “the water content reaches not more than
1.0%” (see [236] above). This provides an overall control on the moisture
levels in the synthesised BZM-2 at the final step of the process, prior to its
introduction as a starting material in the synthesis of BZM-4. It therefore
renders the plaintiffs’ objection on the levels of moisture present in the
reagents for the preparation of BZM-2 moot. Furthermore, it is telling that
the plaintiffs have fixated on this point, without addressing the processing
activities carried out by DRL that would reduce the water content. This is
notwithstanding the acknowledgment by Prof Chiba that there were reported
methods to control moisture levels in US 309, for example, the use of argon
(an inert gas which is chemically non-reactive), in order to ensure that
anhydrous zinc chloride was contained under moisture-controlled conditions.
319

##### Foot Note 319

×

Transcript (19 October 2021) at p 130 ln 7 to p 132 ln 16.

There are other safeguards for excess moisture outlined in the process
description (see “Manufacturing Procedure” at [236] above), such as the
reaction with “n-Hexyl Lithium under nitrogen atmosphere”. The plaintiffs have
not addressed these other aspects of moisture control in the synthesis of
BZM-2 in their submissions.

(III) The use of anhydrous THF, zinc chloride and nitrogen atmosphere

242 I address the plaintiffs’ next submission pertaining to DRL’s claimed use
of anhydrous THF and anhydrous zinc chloride, and the nitrogen reaction
atmosphere.

243 The plaintiffs contend that DRL’s process description does not use the
term “anhydrous” to describe THF or zinc chloride and it was only used in the
evidence of Dr Johannes and Mr Amarendhar. In their submission, there is
therefore nothing in the evidence to show that anhydrous THF or anhydrous zinc
chloride is utilised. 320

##### Foot Note 320

×

PCS at para 89.

The defendant submits that the limitation on the level of moisture at 0.1% for
THF amounts to anhydrous THF. The plaintiff argues, however, that the question
of whether a 0.1% limitation on moisture is anhydrous cannot be looked at in
isolation. 321

##### Foot Note 321

×

PCS at para 90.

The plaintiffs rely on Matteson and Erdik to make the submission that the
Matteson homologation process is “very sensitive to the presence of water in
THF”. That Matteson and Erdik discloses that the rate of epimerisation doubles
at “a mere 0.11% water content in THF” must “surely [be] … that the very
slightly lower figure of 0.10% would still accelerate the rate of
epimerisation”. 322

##### Foot Note 322

×

PCS at para 91.

244 To begin, I do not accept the plaintiffs’ submission that there is no
evidence as to the use of anhydrous THF and anhydrous zinc chloride in DRL’s
process.

245 For anhydrous THF, it is clear on the face of the process description
provided by the defendant that the moisture levels of THF are kept at under
0.1% during the reaction (see [236] above). During cross-examination, Mr
Amarendhar explained that the environment and reagents are controlled for
moisture in their manufacturing process, with the use of anhydrous THF (where
the water content in THF should not exceed 0.1%) and laboratory reagent grade
zinc chloride which is not contaminated with water. 323

##### Foot Note 323

×

Transcript (22 October 2021) at p 100 ln 10 to 17 and p 105 ln 17.

Although the plaintiffs have made the argument that there is “no prescription
for moisture control of zinc chloride in [the] manufacturing process
description”, this argument does not take them far. The use of “commercial
reagent grade crystalline anhydrous zinc chloride” is taught expressly in US
309. 324

##### Foot Note 324

×

DCS at para 180; DBOD at p 89.

The patent specification of SG 322 itself refers to US 309, and describes the
prior patent as follows: 325

##### Foot Note 325

×

ABOD Vol 1 at p 13.

Matteson and Sadhu, U.S. Patent No. 4,525,309 (1985), describes an improved
procedure for the homologation of boronic esters by rearrangement of the
intermediate boron "ate" complex in the presence of a Lewis acid catalyst. The
Lewis acid is reported to promote the rearrangement reaction and to minimize
epimerization at the alpha-carbon atom. Rigorous exclusion of water and
careful control of Lewis acid stoichiometry are required for optimum results,
however. …

It is therefore known that anhydrous zinc chloride is used to achieve the
rearrangement reaction. In cross-examination, Prof Chiba agreed that US 309
mitigated the issue of epimerisation by the introduction of anhydrous zinc
chloride as a Lewis acid: 326

##### Foot Note 326

×

Transcript (19 October 2021) at p 122 ln 11 to p 123 to 2.

Q: Basically, we agree this patent teaches how to control the homologation
process, right?

A: Yes.

Q: Prof Matteson says at line 55, column 2: "Particularly, suitable Lewis acid
catalysts have been known to include anhydrous zinc chloride and ferric
chloride. Mixture of these and other Lewis acids may also be used." Line 55 to
line 60, basically, says, epimerization, all these problems that we have
identified in our earlier writings from 1980 to 1983, problems can be
controlled by Lewis acids, particularly suitable Lewis acids catalysts have
been found to include anhydrous zinc chloride?

A: Yes.

Q: So it teaches how to use anhydrous zinc chloride?

A: Yes.

Consequently, there is no basis for the plaintiffs’ assertion that the
hygroscopic nature of THF and zinc chloride necessarily indicates elevated
moisture levels in DRL’s process that would result in high levels of
epimerisation. Taking this (ie, that the problem and the solution are known in
prior art) together with Mr Amarendhar’s evidence at [238] above, I accept
that DRL’s process utilised anhydrous THF and anhydrous zinc chloride.

246 Another submission made by the plaintiffs is that drying zinc chloride is
“resource-intensive”. This is similarly stated in Prof Chiba’s expert report.
However, Prof Chiba accepted in cross-examination that anhydrous zinc chloride
may be procured commercially and its anhydrous state maintained under specific
conditions (such as working with the material in an atmosphere of nitrogen
gas): 327

##### Foot Note 327

×

Transcript (19 October 2021) at p 103 ln 3 to p 104 ln 9.

Q: When we talked about zinc chloride earlier, right, you agreed with me, it
is available commercially?

A: Yes.

Q: And when ordering I can specify, I want it to be anhydrous, it must be dry?

A: Yes.

Q: So drying it would not be an issue for the manufacturer, for Zyfas and Dr
Reddy's, the manufacturer for the product, they can obtain from their supplier
anhydrous zinc chloride, correct?

A: Yes, that's possible.

Q: Yes. And they would have in their process, because they are a
pharmaceutical factory, moisture control protocols, right, because they
manufacture many pharmaceutical products; moisture control would be a routine
problem?

A: Yes.

Q: So they would have moisture control protocols. They can buy anhydrous zinc
chloride. They would know how to manage the moisture problem in the factory.
It can be done under nitrogen. When opening, it can be opened under nitrogen.
It can be opened under some insert gas, like argon, all right. And so moisture
control or moisture would not be a problem, it can be managed, correct, on the
factory floor?

A: Yes.

Q: And so once moisture is managed as a practical problem, epimerization goes
away, it is not a problem, would you agree?

A: Yes, if moisture could be controlled in THF, epimerization won't be an
issue, but this is practically very difficult and challenging.

[emphasis added]

247 On the issue of moisture in the reagents, the plaintiffs argue (see [243]
above) on the basis of Matteson and Erdik that very little moisture suffices
to cause epimerisation and adversely affect the resultant purity in the DRL’s
process. The extrapolation from Matteson and Erdik that 0.11% of water content
will accelerate the epimerisation in DRL’s process sufficiently to generate an
unacceptably impure product is not viable. There is nothing to show that the
observation made by Matteson and Erdik (see [46] above) that 11mg of water in
10ml of THF doubled the rate of epimerisation in the reaction, which pertains
to different reagents such as lithium chloride and dimethyl sulfoxide, 328

##### Foot Note 328

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at Appendix O.

is equally relevant to showing the extent of epimerisation in DRL’s process. I
reproduce the relevant part of Matteson and Erdik below: 329

##### Foot Note 329

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at Appendix O.

These data are only of qualitative or semiquantitative significance in most
instances but are reliable enough to illustrate significant features of the
reaction. Thus, the rate [of epimerisation] is greatly accelerated by a small
amount of water (doubled by 11mg in 10mL of THF) or dimethyl sulfoxide (Me2SO)
and is depressed by mercuric chloride.

[emphasis added]

248 As stated before (see [234] above), it is most relevant to measure the
level of epimerisation under the specific experimental conditions in DRL’s
manufacturing process. Matteson and Erdik establishes the epimerisation
behaviour of different boronates under different conditions. It demonstrates
variation in rates of epimerisation that depend not only on water content but
also the choice of the organic substrate, chloride concentration, exposure
time, temperature and other factors. 330

##### Foot Note 330

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at Appendix O.

The doubling of rate in the presence of 0.11% water was observed for a
different boronate (ie, (+)-pinanediol benzeneboronate) and under different
conditions. As a result, the plaintiffs’ submission, relying on Matteson and
Erdik, is an oversimplification and inaccurately conceptualises the
significance of the level of moisture on the rate of epimerisation in DRL’s
process with reference to conditions which are not equivalent to DRL’s
process. Contrary to Prof Chiba’s evidence that it is “practically very
difficult” to control moisture in the reaction process, this is squarely
refuted by his own acknowledgment that it is possible to procure anhydrous
zinc chloride and THF.

249 Another point raised by the plaintiffs is that even if the laboratory
grade zinc chloride used by DRL is in fact anhydrous, Matteson and Erdik makes
it clear that the use of anhydrous zinc chloride will not prevent
epimerisation. 331

##### Foot Note 331

×

PCS at para 94.

They argue that Matteson and Erdik records that the use of THF with anhydrous
zinc chloride as a Lewis acid in the synthesis of alpha-chloro-boronic esters
generated the boronate (ie, the end product of the Matteson homologation)
which contained a 6% epimer with a 1% deviation. 332

##### Foot Note 332

×

PCS at para 95; Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 56; Prof Chiba’s
First Expert Report at Appendix O; PBOD at p 337.

In their submission, Matteson and Erdik shows that the use of anhydrous zinc
chloride by itself does not prevent epimerisation. 333

##### Foot Note 333

×

PCS at para 95.

Prof Chiba therefore considers it surprising that DRL’s process is capable of
obtaining a product purity of not less than 99%. Indeed, Prof Chiba states
that the 1% impurity claimed by the defendant includes the epimerised product
in addition to other impurities occurring in the course of the subsequent
reaction steps and that lies in stark contrast to the expected 6%. The
defendant reports that the total impurities present in its BMB-1 (ie, its
crude bortezomib) is “NMT [not more than] 1.0%”. 334

##### Foot Note 334

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at para 57 and Appendix F5 (see Prof Chiba’s
First Expert Report at p 1128).

The plaintiffs’ Prof Chiba extrapolates that it is likely that DRL in fact
used an ether solvent with low miscibility with water in the contacting step
of its synthesis of BZM-2 because the level of product purity claimed by DRL’s
large-scale process “despite not having any step to dry the reagents, reactors
and apparatuses” is almost identical to that reported by the plaintiffs
following the process taught in the Patents. 335

##### Foot Note 335

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at paras 59–60.

250 The defendant takes the position that the use of anhydrous zinc chloride
as the Lewis acid solved the problem of epimerisation, and this was recorded
in US 309. 336

##### Foot Note 336

×

DCS at para 177.

More importantly, in response to the submission that there ought to be an
epimer of 6%, Dr Johannes stated that US 309 had already disclosed that pure
product with diastereoselectivities of about 99.5% is achievable using the
Matteson homologation protocol. Dr Johannes avers that the process description
of DRL’s manufacturing process demonstrates that pure bortezomib is obtained
in DRL’s process. 337

##### Foot Note 337

×

Dr Johannes’ Second Expert Report at para 45; ABOD Vol 2 (Part 1) at p 31.

251 In my view, the proposition made by the plaintiffs that DRL’s process
ought to have resulted in an impurity level closer to 6% is incorrect. This is
because the plaintiffs have over-generalised the statement in Matteson and
Erdik without accounting for the differences between the processing conditions
and the eventual product reported in Matteson and Erdik and DRL’s process. The
6% epimerisation referred to in Matteson and Erdik was for a different product
unrelated to bortezomib production processed under different conditions. These
conditions were “[c]hromatography on 80 g of silica gel with petroleum ether
yielded 19.1 g (83.6%) of crystalline (+)-pinanediol (αS)-α-chloro-α\-
phenylmethaneboronate (3), which contained 6% (±l%) of the (αR)-epimer 4 by
200-MHz proton NMR analysis.” 338

##### Foot Note 338

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at Appendix O.

Matteson and Erdik did not disclose the information required to determine the
moisture content in that particular case either. The plaintiffs have therefore
not shown how the recorded instance of 6% epimerisation in Matteson and Erdik
is a valid predictor of the likely epimerisation for DRL. It is also incorrect
for the plaintiffs to infer from the fact that the reported impurity levels
experienced using the process taught in the Patents and DRL’s process are the
same, to make the submission that defendant must have used their process
taught in the Patents. This is logically flawed, especially since there is
more than one method to synthesis bortezomib effectively.

252 At the next step, the reaction is then conducted in inert gas (ie,
nitrogen) to ensure low moisture levels in the reaction environment. From the
plaintiffs’ submissions, I understand there to be no challenge on the part of
the plaintiffs against the proposition that the use of nitrogen atmosphere
mitigates against moisture in the environment. 339

##### Foot Note 339

×

PCS at para 96.

The plaintiffs’ submission is only that where there exists moisture in the
reagents, then the introduction of the nitrogen atmosphere would not alleviate
moisture in the reagents themselves. 340

##### Foot Note 340

×

PCS at paras 97–98.

As I have found that the reagents utilised are anhydrous in nature, there is
no issue of the level of moisture causing epimerisation as contemplated by the
plaintiffs.

253 Crucially, DRL has produced a laboratory analysis report measuring the
presence of diastereomers (ie, the impurities) in the coupling reaction to
produce the intermediate for subsequent reactions to generate bortezomib (and
for that sample the diastereomers were measured at a level of about 0.05% of
the desired product). 341

##### Foot Note 341

×

ABOD Vol 2 (Part 1) at 193–196.

In other words, the low-moisture conditions employed by DRL in its
manufacturing process were sufficient to keep the epimerisation at an
acceptably low level. This evidence was effectively uncontroverted. The
plaintiffs’ response to this is simply that it is not practically possible to
maintain low moisture levels. They have furnished no evidence from direct
experimentation.

254 Given the techniques that were available and part of the prior art, I do
not accept that a “substantial likelihood” exists that the Alleged Infringing
Product could only have been made from the first plaintiff’s process in SG
322. Aside from US 309, WO 266 and US 454 were patents which taught the use of
THF (a solvent of high water miscibility) in the manufacture of bortezomib.
Indeed, Prof Chiba agreed in cross-examination that the approach taught in
these other patents could be used to manufacture bortezomib: 342

##### Foot Note 342

×

Transcript (19 October 2021) at p 116 ln 4 to 16.

Q: Okay. So it can be done. The prior art, the 266 and 454 patents, how to
synthesise, it can be done on an industrial scale and is possible so long as
moisture control is implemented properly?

A: Yes, possible, if you don't care about the process efficiency.

Q: Sorry?

A: If you don't care about the process efficiency, so, you know, use of 266 or
use of 454 patents could be used to manufacture.

Q: It could be used, yes. In fact, epimerization is not an issue if you keep
it scrupulously dry?

A: Yes.

255 The plaintiffs have therefore not shown how DRL’s process suffers from
poor moisture control, or that the reported results of purity cannot have been
achieved under DRL’s process.

(B) Use of excess zinc chloride

256 Apart from the allegations regarding the levels of moisture in DRL’s
manufacturing process, the plaintiffs rely on the purported use of excess zinc
chloride in DRL’s process to show that it would not have been possible for DRL
to achieve such yields of bortezomib with the process it described. 343

##### Foot Note 343

×

PCS at paras 100–105.

Prof Chiba states in his Second Supplementary Expert Report that the molar
ratio of zinc chloride with respect of BZM-1 in the Matteson homologation step
of DRL’s process (ie, the synthesis of BZM-2) is much higher than what has
been taught as optimal in Matteson and Erdik. 344

##### Foot Note 344

×

PCS at para 100.

Prof Chiba derives the molar ratio from the following calculation based on
reported quantities of the reagents in DRL’s process: 345

##### Foot Note 345

×

Prof Chiba’s Second Supplementary Report dated 19 Oct 2021 at paras 3–4.

3\. In the Defendant’s documents regarding the process description for the
synthesis of BZM-4, when describing the synthesis of BZM-2 from BZM-1, the
Defendant uses the substrate, BZM-1 and the Lewis acid, Zinc Chloride as
follows:

(a) The Defendant’s process uses 1.00 kg of BZM-1, which, given the molecular
weight of BZM-1 i.e. 236.16, translates into 4.23 moles; and

(b) The Defendant’s process uses 1.00 kg of Zinc Chloride, which, given the
molecular weight of Zinc Chloride i.e. 136.3, translates into 7.33 moles.

4\. The ratio of the number of moles of zinc chloride and that of BZM-1 gives
1.73. In fact, the Defendant’s manufacturing process itself confirms that this
ratio of ZnCl2 to BZM-1 as 1.76, when describing the various process
parameters for the synthesis of BZM-2.

[emphasis added]

257 There is no dispute from the defendant as to the molar ratio of 1.73 for
the zinc chloride employed in DRL’s process. In response to the plaintiffs’
submission, the defendant contends that this is a “red herring” and that if
the plaintiffs doubted the levels of purity reported by DRL’s manufacturing
process, they ought to have visited DRL’s factory in India. 346

##### Foot Note 346

×

DRS at para 30.

258 The plaintiffs rely on the similarity of the molar ratio of zinc chloride
in DRL’s process (1.73 mol) and the process taught in SG 322 (1.75 mol) to
allege that DRL must have used the process claimed. 347

##### Foot Note 347

×

PCS at para 102(c).

In my view, the plaintiffs’ reliance on the molar ratio of zinc chloride in
DRL’s process does not assist their case. That DRL has used a similar quantity
of one reagent, zinc chloride, does not advance the plaintiffs’ case that DRL
must have used the process taught in SG 322. Indeed, Prof Chiba acknowledged
that the molar ratio of the reagents is not specified by SG 322: 348

##### Foot Note 348

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 13 ln 1 to 3.

A: Okay, so I will admit that 322 Patent does not mention about the ratio of
the reagents -- I mean zinc chloride.

The plaintiffs have not shown how the similarity in the quantity of a reagent
(ie, the molar ratio of zinc chloride) used in DRL’s process and in the
process taught by SG 322 translates to an inference that the same method is
utilised by both processes. The calculated molar ratio of zinc chloride in
DRL’s process therefore does not translate to any inference as to the
purported similarity of DRL’s process to SG 322.

259 The plaintiffs’ further argument is that the molar ratio of zinc chloride
with respect to BZM-1 in the Matteson homologation step of DRL’s process (ie,
the synthesis of BZM-2) is much higher than what has been taught as optimal in
prior art. 349

##### Foot Note 349

×

PCS at para 100.

US 309 discloses an optimum range of 0.5 to 1.0 mol of zinc chloride per mol
of a certain compound (I), which corresponds to BZM-1. 350

##### Foot Note 350

×

PCS at para 102.

In US 309, it is reported that an excess of zinc chloride accelerates
epimerisation and the presence of zinc chloride in substantial concentration
at the end of the reaction results in the darkening of the reaction mixture.
As DRL’s molar ratio of 1.73 far exceeds the modest range recommended in prior
art, the plaintiffs contend that it is highly likely that DRL might be
employing a certain modification in the synthesis of BZM-2 in order to deliver
the reported results. 351

##### Foot Note 351

×

PCS at para 102.

To this end, Prof Chiba points out that the process taught in SG 322 would
allow a person skilled in the art to use such a large quantity of zinc
chloride while overcoming the epimerisation previously reported in the prior
art. 352

##### Foot Note 352

×

PCS at para 102.

While there is no dispute between the parties’ experts that a higher
proportion of zinc chloride present in a generic Matteson homologation
reaction may promote epimerisation, the plaintiffs’ submission that Matteson’s
observation in US 309 is evidence of the extent of epimerisation in DRL’s
process is a false comparison. Indeed, the precise effect of the molar ratio
of zinc chloride in DRL’s process is not known and cannot be extrapolated from
US 309. In any case, that the process adopted by DRL and the process under SG
322 achieve acceptable impurity levels with similar zinc chloride to substrate
ratios (ie, 1.73 and 1.76 respectively) does not show that DRL must have used
MTBE (or another low water miscibility ether solvent) in its process. It is
clear from Matteson and Erdik that the behaviour of the reaction system is
complex and significantly dependent on the structure of the boronate, and
further that the rate and extent of epimerisation can vary by a factor of at
least 20. 353

##### Foot Note 353

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at Appendix O.

It is therefore unsurprising and inconclusive that DRL’s process has similar
rates of epimerisation as the first plaintiff’s process in SG 322.

260 To sum, the plaintiffs have not shown how there is a substantial
likelihood that DRL used the process taught in SG 322 to manufacture the
Alleged Infringing Product (ie, bortezomib). They have not succeeded in
showing that the moisture levels in DRL’s process were not subject to
sufficient controls or that the molar ratio of the zinc chloride utilised in
DRL’s process amounted to an “excess” use of zinc chloride in this particular
context, such as to result in a level of epimerisation incompatible with the
defendant’s reported levels of purity.

(2) Whether the first plaintiff is unable to determine the process actually
used to manufacture the Alleged Infringing Product through reasonable efforts

261 There were no witnesses from the first plaintiff. It therefore could not
show what efforts it had put in to ascertain if DRL’s process utilised the
teaching in SG 322. That in itself creates considerable difficulties as it
would be unable to show if any reasonable efforts were made to determine if
the taught process in SG 322 was used by DRL to manufacture the Alleged
Infringing Product.

262 Nonetheless, I will consider if the documentary evidence and evidence led
from the second plaintiff fulfils the requirement of reasonable efforts. My
view is that the plaintiffs ought to have investigated and conducted site
visits at DRL’s manufacturing facility. This would have given the plaintiffs
access to DRL’s facilities and production personnel and would have allowed
them to observe the production process. A site visit would have been an
expedient and sensible means to verify whether DRL used MTBE as a solvent to
manufacture the Alleged Infringing Product.

263 By as early as July 2019, the defendant had voluntarily offered to
disclose the details of DRL’s process. In response to the first plaintiff’s
letter of 30 July 2019 stating that it wished to commence legal proceedings,
354

##### Foot Note 354

×

ABOD Vol 1 at p 200.

the defendant offered to disclose DRL’s manufacturing process. The letter of
31 July 2019 from the defendant to the first plaintiff reads:

2 Our clients deny infringement of your client’s process patent and the threat
to commence proceedings is not only deeply regretted but also groundless, for
which our clients reserve all their rights.

…

4 In the meantime, on a without prejudice basis and in the interests of saving
time and costs, our clients are prepared to disclose details of their own
proprietary process, subject to appropriate safeguards. Please let us have a
copy of the proposed confidentiality agreement.

[emphasis added]

At this stage, it was open to the first plaintiff to request to visit DRL’s
factory in India. Between July 2019 and early 2020 (the period prior to the
COVID-19 pandemic), however, the first plaintiff made no arrangements to
conduct a site visit to ascertain for themselves DRL’s process of
manufacturing bortezomib. Indeed, the first plaintiff did not present any
witnesses at the trial.

264 The second plaintiff’s Ms Ho testified in cross-examination that she was
not clear whether the first plaintiff had a presence in India, 355

##### Foot Note 355

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 110 ln 2 to 3.

and although Janssen had a presence in India, there was “no justification” in
expecting its Indian employees to travel during a pandemic to inspect DRL’s
factory. 356

##### Foot Note 356

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 110 ln 8 to p 111 ln 1.

It is unacceptable that the first plaintiff has put forth none of its own
employees as representatives of the first plaintiff at the trial. The
difficulty is two-fold: the second plaintiff’s Ms Ho cannot testify as to the
first plaintiff’s efforts to ascertain if DRL’s process utilised what was
taught in the Patents as she does not have the personal knowledge a
representative from the first plaintiff would have, and Ms Ho is in fact not
in the know about the first plaintiff’s operations in India.

265 In April 2021, the plaintiffs were invited to visit DRL’s manufacturing
facility in Hyderabad, India to inspect DRL’s manufacturing processes and
ascertain whether the Patents had been infringed. 357

##### Foot Note 357

×

PCS at para 8; DCS at para 51; Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 104 ln 10 to
14.

Subsequently, on 10 May 2021, the plaintiffs declined the invitation, citing
the COVID-19 situation in India. The plaintiffs’ solicitors stated that the
plaintiffs were “not able to risk the health and safety of their
representatives by dispatching them to the manufacturer’s facilities in
India”. 358

##### Foot Note 358

×

PCS at para 8; DCS at para 51; Mr Tahir’s AEIC at p 37.

In their submissions, the plaintiffs have maintained this as the reason for
not conducting any site visit.

266 In my judgment, the reason provided by the plaintiffs, ie, the COVID-19
situation in India, was merely a pretext for refusing to visit DRL’s
manufacturing facility. I address the various explanations put forward by the
plaintiffs.

267 First, during the cross-examination of Mr Amarendhar, the plaintiffs’
counsel exhibited two documents for the first time, showing a Google search of
the number of COVID-19 cases and deaths in Telangana (the State in which
Hyderabad is located) in May 2021. 359

##### Foot Note 359

×

Exhibits P1 and P2.

These exhibits were used by the plaintiff to illustrate the severity of the
COVID-19 situation in India at the material time. However, when cross-
examined, the second plaintiff’s Ms Ho admitted that she did not find out
anything about the COVID-19 situation in Hyderabad in May 2021. 360

##### Foot Note 360

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 111 ln 22 to p 112 ln 8.

268 Second, Ms Ho alleged that at the time, there had been a company policy
prohibiting the second plaintiff’s employees from travelling. 361

##### Foot Note 361

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 112 ln 11 to 13.

However, no documents setting out this alleged policy have been produced in
Court. 362

##### Foot Note 362

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 112 ln 19 to p 113 ln 7.

269 Third, even though Janssen had an office and technical staff in India, 363

##### Foot Note 363

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 110 ln 8 to 13.

Ms Ho claimed that there would be “no justification in expecting that the
Indian employees be expected to travel during a pandemic”. 364

##### Foot Note 364

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 110 ln 14 to p 111 ln 1.

The answer provided by Ms Ho was roundabout in nature, and it left room for
interpretation. I understand her answer to mean that the policy prohibiting
international travel to India extended to domestic travel within India as
well. However, again, no evidence was provided of an alleged policy by the
second plaintiff or Janssen banning domestic travel in India.

270 Fourth, the plaintiffs argue that Telangana was under lockdown from 12 May
2021 to 19 June 2021. Movement was only allowed for essential purposes. 365

##### Foot Note 365

×

PCS at para 10.

Therefore, this would have prevented the site visit from taking place during
that period. The plaintiffs have exhibited three documents dated 11 May 2021,
30 May 2021, 8 June 2021 which set out the abstracts of the lockdown orders of
the Government of Telangana. 366

##### Foot Note 366

×

Exhibits P3, P4 and P5.

However, I highlight that these documents were only adduced in Court for the
first time at the trial. Therefore, it is unclear whether the alleged lockdown
was a material consideration to the plaintiffs in May 2021. Further, Ms Ho
accepted that even if India were under a COVID-19 lockdown at that time, there
could have been external third-party experts from India who would have been
available to conduct the site visit. 367

##### Foot Note 367

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 111 ln 2 to 8.

The option, however, was never explored by the plaintiffs.

271 I note that there was disagreement between parties as to whether a site
visit constituted an “essential service” during the lockdown and, therefore,
whether the site visit could have been executed during the lockdown. 368

##### Foot Note 368

×

DCS at paras 159–160; DRS at para 36; PCS at para 10; PRS at para 15(e).

In any event, even if there had indeed been a lockdown between 12 May and 19
June 2021 and the plaintiffs were not permitted to conduct a site visit, the
plaintiffs could very well have conducted a site visit after the lockdown had
ended. There was a significant amount of time prior to the commencement of
trial in October 2021 for the plaintiffs to have conducted their own
investigation on the process adopted by DRL in their manufacture of the
generic bortezomib, or the Alleged Infringing Product. The plaintiffs could
have either sent their employees in India to undertake the site visit or hired
external third-party experts to do so.

272 As a result, I find that the plaintiffs have not fulfilled the requirement
that “reasonable efforts” were expended to determine the process actually used
by DRL (see s 68(1) of the Patents Act). Having found that the plaintiffs have
not successfully reversed the burden of proof, I consider whether they have
nonetheless shown that the asserted claims in SG 322 have been infringed by
DRL’s process.

Whether the plaintiffs have proven the defendant’s alleged infringement of SG
322

273 The law on infringement is set out above at [92]–[93]. It bears
reiterating that the burden of proof remains on the plaintiffs to establish
that DRL’s manufacturing process of the Alleged Infringing Product has
infringed the asserted claims in SG 322.

274 The plaintiffs’ case on infringement rests primarily on whether an ether
solvent of low miscibility with water is used in DRL’s manufacturing process.
369

##### Foot Note 369

×

PCS at para 76.

In fact, the plaintiffs allege the infringement of SG 322 not on the basis
that DRL’s process as claimed by the defendants has infringed the claims
therein, but that DRL’s process must have utilised the teachings in the claims
of SG 322 because SG 322 is the “only solution that [the plaintiffs] are
currently aware of” that would allow the person skilled in the art to perform
the Matteson homologation “with zinc chloride in a high molar ratio” and yet
still obtain an impressive purity result. 370

##### Foot Note 370

×

PCS at para 108(a).

Flowing from this submission, the plaintiffs contend that DRL’s manufacturing
process must have employed the process taught in SG 322, 371

##### Foot Note 371

×

PCS at para 108(b).

and the defendant is unlikely to have achieved their claimed purity of 99% if
they had carried out DRL’s manufacturing process. 372

##### Foot Note 372

×

PCS at para 108(e).

275 The defendant submits that the main question on infringement is whether
the Alleged Infringing Product has been obtained by means of the process in SG
322. 373

##### Foot Note 373

×

DCS at para 116.

It emphasises that the use of an ether solvent that has low miscibility with
water (ie, MTBE) is the inventive concept of SG 322. 374

##### Foot Note 374

×

DCS at para 117.

Further, all the asserted claims in SG 322 are premised on the substitution of
MTBE for THF. 375

##### Foot Note 375

×

DCS at para 118.

The defendant claims that the factual question is whether DRL uses an ether
solvent with low miscibility with water (ie, MTBE) in its manufacture of the
Alleged Infringing Product, 376

##### Foot Note 376

×

DCS at para 120.

and if it is established that DRL does not use MTBE then there is no basis for
the infringement of SG 322. 377

##### Foot Note 377

×

DCS at para 121.

However, the plaintiffs have not adduced any objective evidence that DRL uses
MTBE to manufacture the Alleged Infringing Product and therefore infringe the
asserted claims of SG 322. 378

##### Foot Note 378

×

DCS at para 122.

The burden of proof remains with the plaintiffs to show that DRL’s process
infringed SG 322. 379

##### Foot Note 379

×

DRS at para 46.

276 In reply, the plaintiffs contend that the defendant has set out an
incomplete and inaccurate inventive concept of SG 322 because (i) the
inventive concept of SG 322 includes the use of an ether solvent of low
miscibility with water and also where it constitutes at least 70% v/v of the
reaction mixture; and (ii) it is misleading that the substitution of MTBE for
THF is the inventive concept of SG 322. 380

##### Foot Note 380

×

PRS at para 8.

277 As I observe above at [225], the plaintiffs’ case on infringement is
premised on the claim that DRL’s manufacturing process as explained by the
defendant is unable to achieve the claimed results of purity. In their
submission, the only way to achieve the claimed results of purity is through
the process taught in SG 322. Consequently, the plaintiffs conclude that DRL’s
process must have utilised the process taught in SG 322. The core of the
inventive concept in claim 1(b)(ii) of SG 322 is the use of an ether solvent
of low miscibility with water that constitutes at least 70% v/v of the
reaction mixture. The rest of the asserted claims in SG 322 are premised on
the inventive concept as outlined in claim 1.

278 Indeed, Ms Ho accepted that if DRL’s process did not utilise MTBE, then
there would be no basis for the infringement claims: 381

##### Foot Note 381

×

Transcript (20 October 2021) at p 116 ln 19 to 25.

COURT: Ms Ho, can I understand from you, if in fact they don't use it (MTBE),
do you agree that then there is no basis for the infringement claim, if -- and
listen to my question carefully. If they indeed don't use it (MTBE) then there
is no basis for this infringement claim.

A: Yes.

279 Counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr Suhaimi, also acknowledged that if there
was no use of MTBE in DRL’s process, there would be no infringement of SG 322.
The relevant clarification was made in the trial: 382

##### Foot Note 382

×

Transcript (27 October) at p 83 ln 11 to 19.

COURT: Yes. Mr Suhaimi, if you begin with there is no use of MTBE, the
question of the proportions doesn’t come into play at all.

Mr Suhaimi: Sure, yes, I agree.

COURT: Because some of your questions are on the basis that whether you use it
or you don’t use it, there is still the question of the proportions.

Mr Suhaimi: Yes, I agree if there is no use of MTBE then there is no
infringement of 322.

280 In finding that the plaintiffs have not shown that a substantial
likelihood exists that the Alleged Infringing Product is manufactured by the
process taught by SG 322, I did not accept the plaintiffs’ submission that
DRL’s manufacturing process relied on the use of an ether solvent of low
miscibility with water (ie, MTBE) or an ether solvent of low miscibility with
water which constitutes at least 70% v/v of the reaction mixture (ie, MTBE and
a co-solvent). They have not demonstrated the epimerisation alleged to have
occurred in DRL’s process, either on the alleged bases of (a) the lack of
moisture control; or (b) the use of excess zinc chloride. Instead, as I have
addressed above, it is clear that DRL’s process that uses THF (a water-
miscible ether) is able to achieve the claimed results.

281 Furthermore, the plaintiffs’ submission that SG 322 teaches the only way
that would allow the person skilled in the art to perform the Matteson
homologation with a high molar ratio of zinc chloride to achieve an impressive
purity result is misconceived. While SG 322 teaches the use of an ether
solvent of low water miscibility which can be used to reduce the production of
unwanted stereoisomers (ie, impurities) during the synthesis of bortezomib, it
does not in any way prove that bortezomib cannot be synthesised satisfactorily
in other ways that do not use an ether solvent with low water miscibility
(whether on its own or together with a coordinating co-solvent). It is thus
incorrect for the plaintiffs to assert that DRL must have utilised the process
in SG 322 in order to manufacture the Alleged Infringing Product.

282 The plaintiffs’ primary case on infringement rests on the invocation of s
68 of the Patents Act. Their secondary case on infringement which pertains to
proof of how DRL’s process infringes SG 322 employs similar arguments that
undermine DRL’s process as described in its process description (ie, that it
must have employed the use of MTBE) (see [225] and [277] above). I have
already found that there is no basis for the plaintiffs’ submission that DRL’s
process employed the use of the process taught in claim 1(b)(ii) of SG 322
(ie, the use of an ether solvent with low miscibility in water and another
coordinating solvent with the former in 70% v/v concentration) (see [260]
above). It suffices to dismiss the plaintiffs’ case on infringement entirely
at this juncture because of the manner in which they have presented their
case.

283 For completeness, however, I assess whether claim 1 (excluding claim
1(b)(i)) is infringed by DRL’s process based on the evidence before me. As the
parties rest their case on infringement on the basis that the other asserted
claims are based on the same inventive concept in claim 1, I will only deal
with the infringement of claim 1 of SG 322.

(1) Claim 1

284 Prof Chiba avers that DRL uses a process for preparing a boronic ester
compound of Formula (I) as defined in claim 1 (corresponding to the
defendant’s BZM-2 compound) that is equivalent to the process which the
plaintiffs use to obtain their boronic ester compound. In support of his
assertion, he relies on several similarities in the compounds in the
plaintiffs’ reaction process and DRL’s process. The plaintiffs’ compound of
Formula (I) in claim 1 corresponds to the defendant’s compound BZM-2. They
assert that the diagrammatic representation of the two compounds below shows
that they are similar in that the chloro group in the compound BZM-2 is
equivalent to “R3” in Formula (I), which is the nucleofuge. 383

##### Foot Note 383

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at paras 62–63: 1PBAEIC at 34.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 16: Plaintiffs’ compound of Formula (I) and the defendant’s compound
BZM-2

285 Furthermore, Prof Chiba highlights that the plaintiffs’ Formula (II) in
claim 1(a) and the intermediate compound obtained during the synthesis of
BZM-2 from BZM-1 in the defendant’s process share similar features. In
particular, the positive lithium ion in the defendant’s compound corresponds
with the M+ ion in the plaintiffs’ Formula (II) in claim 1(a) and the two
chloro groups in the defendant’s intermediate compound fall within the
definitions of Y and R3 as a nucleofugic group.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 17: Plaintiffs’ compound of Formula (II) and the defendant’s
intermediate compound

In Prof Chiba’s view, this is significant because the contacting step in claim
1(b) is accomplished in DRL’s process. The contacting step in claim 1(b)
involves the contacting of the boron “ate” complex with a Lewis acid and in
DRL’s process, the contacting step occurs where zinc chloride is added to the
boron “ate” complex obtained by the defendant’s process from BZM-1, in order
to synthesise the compound BZM-2. Notwithstanding the defendant’s claim that
DRL’s manufacturing process does not employ an ether solvent of low
miscibility with water or any co-solvent, Prof Chiba opines that it is likely
that DRL uses at least an ether solvent with low miscibility with water
(whether coordinating in itself or in combination with a coordinating co-
solvent) in the synthesis of the compound BZM-2. 384

##### Foot Note 384

×

Prof Chiba’s First Expert Report at paras 65–67.

286 Dr Johannes argues that claim 1 of SG 322 is not infringed as DRL’s
process employed the use of THF alone as a solvent in the reaction and
therefore there is no breach of claim 1. He explains that THF is water-
miscible and has been shown to work for this chemical reaction in the prior
art.

287 That the compounds share similarities in chemical structure and
composition, and that the chemistry (or the set of chemical reactions) that is
carried out by claim 1 of SG 322 to make the compound referred to as Formula
(I) is equivalent to the chemistry utilised by DRL’s manufacturing process to
make the compound referred to as BZM-2 does little to assist the plaintiffs. I
remain unpersuaded by Prof Chiba’s assertion that the yields brought by DRL’s
manufacturing process must lead to the inference that the claimed invention in
claim 1 of SG 322 is being employed by DRL in its manufacturing process, not
least because SG 322 and DRL’s process are methods concerned with synthesising
the same end product, bortezomib. It is therefore unsurprising that the
intermediate compounds at the same step in the process taught in SG 322 and
DRL’s process bear similarities to each other. Moreover, it does not show that
DRL had only achieved this by utilising the plaintiffs’ method in claim 1. It
is telling that Prof Chiba provides nothing further in this regard save for
the same assertion relied on by the plaintiffs on the reversal of the burden
of proof under s 68(1): that DRL must have utilised their process in SG 322 to
achieve the reported yields of bortezomib. As Dr Johannes alludes to in
response, it is scientifically possible to attain yields without the use of
the claimed process by controlling the moisture conditions of the reaction
environment using other methods (see [252]–[253] above).

288 The plaintiffs therefore fail to prove that DRL’s process infringed claim
1 of SG 322. Given that the plaintiffs’ take the position that the core
inventive concept of claim 1(b)(ii) is the teaching of the use of an ether
solvent with low miscibility with water and a coordinating solvent in certain
proportions, and there is no dispute that the asserted claims are contingent
on claim 1 (ie, the use of an ether solvent with low miscibility with water
and a coordinating solvent in certain proportions), I find that the rest of
the asserted claims in SG 322 have not been infringed.

Conclusion

289 For the reasons above, I find that SG 29P is invalid for lack of inventive
step. Although SG 322 is valid, in my view, the plaintiffs have not shown how
any of the asserted claims have been infringed by DRL’s manufacturing process
as presented. I award costs to the defendant. Costs are to be agreed, or
otherwise taxed.

290 In closing, I record my gratitude to Prof Sharratt for the assistance that
he has rendered.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Suhaimi Bin Lazim, S Siddharth Sriram and Shahera Safrin (Mirandah Law LLP)
for the plaintiffs;

Wong Siew Hong and Poonaam Bai (Eldan Law LLP) for the defendant.

  
  

Annex 1: Asserted claims in SG 322

The table below summarises the 39 claims asserted by the plaintiffs:

Claim No| Description  
---|---  
1| A process for preparing a boronic ester compound of formula
(I):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein:
R1 is an optionally substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic
group;R2 is hydrogen, a nucleofugic group, or an optionally substituted
aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic group;R3 is a nucleofugic group or an
optionally substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic group; and each
of R4 and R5, independently, is an optionally substituted aliphatic, aromatic,
or heteroaromatic group, orR4 and R5, taken together with the intervening
oxygen and boron atoms, form an optionally substituted 5- to 10-membered ring
having 0-2 additional ring heteroatoms selected from N, O, or S;said process
comprising:(a) providing at least 5 moles of a boron "ate" complex of formula
(II):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)whereY
is a nucleofugic group;M+ is a cation; andeach of R1 to R5 is as defined
above; and(b) contacting the boron “ate” complex of formula (II) with a Lewis
acid under conditions that afford the boronic ester compound of formula (I),
said contacting step being conducted in a reaction mixture comprising:(i) a
coordinating ether solvent that has low miscibility with water; or(ii) an
ether solvent that has low miscibility with water and a coordinating cosolvent
provided that the coordinating co-solvent constitutes no more than 20% v/v of
the reaction mixture;wherein the solubility of water in the ether solvent of
(i) or (ii) that has low miscibility with water is less than 5% w/w; and
wherein the ether solvent of (i) or (ii) that has low miscibility with water
constitutes at least 70% v/v of the reaction mixture.  
2| The process of claim 1, wherein the reaction mixture comprises a
coordinating co-solvent.  
3| The process of claim 2, wherein the coordinating co-solvent is selected
from the group consisting of tetrahydrofuran, dioxane, water, and mixtures
thereof.  
4| The process of claim 3, wherein the coordinating co-solvent constitutes no
more than 15% v/v of the reaction mixture.  
5| The process of claim 1, wherein the solubility of water in the ether
solvent that has low miscibility with water is less than 2% w/w.  
6| The process of claim 5, wherein the ether solvent that has low miscibility
with water is selected from the group consisting of tert-butyl methyl ether,
tert-butyl ethyl ether, tert-amyl methyl ether, isopropyl ether, and mixtures
thereof.  
7| The process of claim 6, wherein the ether solvent that has low miscibility
with water constitutes at least 80% v/v of the reaction mixture.  
9| The process of claim 1, wherein the Lewis acid is selected from the group
consisting of zinc chloride, zinc bromide, ferric chloride, and ferric
bromide.  
10| The process of claim 9, where(a) the Lewis acid is moist;(b) in step (a)
the boron “ate” complex of formula (II) is provided in a solution comprising
an ether solvent that has low miscibility with water, and the contacting step
(b) comprises the steps:(i) providing a solution comprising a Lewis acid and
tetrahydrofuran; and(ii) adding the Lewis acid solution to the solution of the
boron “ate” complex of formula (II) from step (a);wherein the solubility of
water in the ether solvent that has low miscibility with water is less than 5%
w/w; or (c) in step (a) the boron “ate” complex of formula (II) is provided in
a solution comprising an ether solvent that has low miscibility with water,
and the contacting step (b) comprises the steps:(i) providing a solution
comprising a Lewis acid and water; and(ii) adding the Lewis acid solution to
the solution of the boron “ate” complex of formula (II) from step (a);wherein
the solubility of water in the ether solvent that has low miscibility with
water is less than 5% w/w.  
11| The process of claim 1, wherein(a) Y is a halogen (for example chloro);
and/ or(b) R1 is C1-8 aliphatic, C6-10 aryl, or (C6-10 aryl)(C1-6 aliphatic);
and/or (c) M+ is selected from the group consisting of Li+, Na+, and K+; and/
or(d) R4 and R5, taken together with the intervening oxygen and boron atoms,
form an optionally substituted 5- membered ring.  
12| The process of claim 7(d), wherein R4 and R5 together are a chiral moiety.  
13| The process of claim 12, wherein the boron “ate” complex of formula (II)
is:![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)  
14| The process of claim 12, wherein step (b) provides the boronic ester
compound of formula (I) wherein the carbon atom bearing R1, R2 and R3 is a
chiral center having a diastereomeric ratio of at least 96:4 or at least 97:3
relative to a chiral center in the R4-R5 chiral moiety.  
15| The process of claim 12, characterized by at least one of the following
features:(a) the contacting step (b) is conducted in a reaction mixture
comprising tert-butyl methyl ether;(b) the Lewis acid is zinc chloride;(c) the
contacting step (b) is performed at a reaction temperature in the range of
-60°C to -30°C;(d) the Lewis acid is moist;(e) Y is chloro;(f) R3 is
chloro;(g) R2 is chloro;(h) R1 is C1-4aliphatic.  
16| The process of claim 15, characterized by at least two of the features
(a)-(g), by at least three of the features (a)-(g) or by all of the features
(a)-(g).  
17| The process of claim 12, further comprising:(c) washing the reaction
mixture with an aqueous solution; and(d) concentrating the washed reaction
mixture by removal of solvents to afford a residue comprising the boronic
ester compound of formula (I).  
20| A composition comprising an ether solvent that has low miscibility with
water and at least ten moles of a boronic ester compound of formula
(I):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein:R1
is an optionally substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic group;R2
is hydrogen, a nucleofugic group, or an optionally substituted aliphatic,
aromatic, or heteroaromatic group;R3 is a nucleofugic group or an optionally
substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic group; andeach of R4 and
R5, independently, is an optionally substituted aliphatic or aromatic group,
or R4 and R5, taken together with the intervening oxygen and boron atoms, form
an optionally substituted 5- to 10-membered ring having 0-2 additional ring
heteroatoms selected from N, O, or S;wherein the solubility of water in the
ether solvent that has low miscibility with water is less than 5% w/w.  
21| The composition of claim 20, wherein the carbon atom to which R1, R2, and
R3 are attached is a chiral center, having a diastereomeric ratio of at least
96:4, relative to a chiral center in the R4-R5 chiral moiety.  
22| The composition of claim 20, wherein the carbon atom to which R1, R2, and
R3 are attached is a chiral center, having an epimeric ratio of at least 96:4.  
23| The composition of any one of claims 20-22, wherein the solubility of
water in the ether solvent is less than 2% w/w.  
24| The composition of any one of claims 20-22, wherein the ether solvent is
selected from the group consisting of tert-butyl methyl ether, tert-butyl
ethyl ether, tert-amyl methyl ether,isopropyl ether, and mixtures thereof.  
25| The composition of any one of claims 20-22,(a) wherein R1 is C1-5
aliphatic, C6-10 aryl, or (C6-10 aryl)(C1-6 aliphatic); or(b) characterized by
at least one of the following features:(a) R3 is chloro;(b) R2 is hydrogen;
and(c) R1 is C1-4 aliphatic; or(c) wherein R4 and R5, taken together with the
intervening oxygen and boron atoms, form an optionally substituted 5-membered
ring; or(d) wherein the compound of formula (I) is![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)  
26| The composition of claim 20, wherein the boronic ester compound of formula
(I) constitutes at least 70% w/w of the composition.  
28| The composition of claim 22, wherein the carbon atom to which R1, R2, and
R3 are attached has a diastereomeric ratio of at least 97:3, relative to a
chiral center in the R4-R5 chiral moiety.  
30| The composition of claim 22, wherein at least one of the following
features is present:(a) R3 is chloro;(b) the boronic ester compound of formula
(I) is:![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)(c)
R2 is hydrogen; and(d) R1 is C1-4 aliphatic.  
31| A process utilizing at least five moles of at least one starting material
for preparing a boronic ester compound of formula
(I):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein:R1
is an optionally substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic group;R2
is hydrogen, a nucleofugic group, or an optionally substituted aliphatic,
aromatic, or heteroaromatic group;R3 is a nucleofugic group or an optionally
substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic group; andeach of R4 and
R5, independently, is an optionally substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or
heteroaromatic group, orR4 and R5, taken together with the intervening oxygen
and boron atoms, form an optionally substituted 5- to 10-membered ring having
0-2 additional ring heteroatoms selected from N, O, or S;said process
comprising:(a) providing a solution comprising(i) a boronic ester of formula
(III):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein
R1, R4, and R5 are as defined above; and(ii) an ether solvent that has low
miscibility with water, wherein the solubility of water in the ether solvent
that has low miscibility with water is less than 5% w/w;(b) treating the
solution with a reagent of formula (IV):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)To
form a boron “ate” complex of formula (II):![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAMEAAAB1CAIAAAB4exKoAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAACfQSURBVHhe7d15vNZj+gfwGbMbTEJF0qqFVkqTaJcKSYqxZQ1jxlAyaEwzUbIc2YYXWUMaiUqLbNWU6iTlJK2jRfsihFmYMX7v81xPz+9I5RznpM7x/fzxnft779/7+tyf67qe0nz/iy+++F6CBIXAHun/TZDgmyLhUILCIuFQgsIi4VCCwiLhUILCIuFQgsIi4VCCwiLhUILCIuFQgsIi4VCCwiLhUILCYtdw6IsvI12bQrpqC/79739n6j3/+9//xuvnn38eNQl2OXbNn7lutej3v//9dGkLh9IvKSxfvvxf//rXXnvt9cknn1SrVg17fvKTn/zgBz9INyfY1dgtOJQXWzUtWbLklVdeWbVqVdmyZTdv3ty2bds6dergkKaERrsJdj2HlLfaQ15Zuuiii3JyctauXbvPPvtwZC1atLjpppvKlCnzj3/8gzKlOyXYpdj1MfX//vc/7imDrfi0adOmd999d7/99qtYseKaNWuee+65YcOGffrppwj0n//8J90pwS7FD/785z+ni98iPvvssx/+8Ifr1q17++23S5cu/eGHH37wwQdkRgRNcn7+859//PHHe+yxh25a//nPf3br1u3EE08cN24c3jRp0qRy5com0cEkMWGCXYhd48s++ugjjLnyyivnzp17wAEHiG/oDRE65JBD0KhNmzbNmjVDFDX82ooVK1DqlltuGTt2bLly5R599NF27dqlJ0qwG2DX+LI999zzxz/+cXZ2NnK89dZb1KVSpUqc2oIFC2bMmHHnnXeef/75119/PQ794he/OPDAAzdu3Dh//vz69esLq8ePH0+3ZGqZPD/BLkYqov22gQGinKpVq5YqVapjx46zZ8+mQ4sWLRo1atTJJ59MbETQNWrUQBfuDG9k9RMmTGjVqpWm1q1bC6hzQ6dU8JRgl2PX6BAJQQ6R8o9+9KN69eoddthhgpvy5cvj0zHHHKPM2WGVDqtXr544ceJjjz2mD62iWyrJGALplp4uwS5FUZohTct84Kc//SkevP/++7wYx7R+/XohkXqhjyenxtMJiapXrz548OCLL774wQcf5N0mTZoUudh7772HfAX1ZSFd6ZcERYeddZVZi70zSNduC5wanzVmzBghM8aMHj16w4YNAmrRj0k4NeXly5fn5ORI0LDqhBNO4AENzPsz0o6Bl54/SCHzmqCoUJR5Wf6nQg5Ead68OUVhVyk616Y+nnJ7yXyHDh2aNm06efLkKVOmPPPMM59++inSdOrU6dJLL61WrZpu5Cqf7szGIDgXhSgnKBLsLA5xNHkdR/zpRAZ5OURpDj74YCk9seHgTFKrVq1+/frJ80XQAqO1a9dOnTqV1RWOP/742rVrK5vQJKErXwtzYqfAXHmvvfbiKBMOFSEKxiFmc/XzGoDtmYRI0BIWjSZzzp07VyyMKGXLlj300EPbtm1rIKemM3Pqpqlly5ZConbt2l177bVeBw0aNG3aNK1kJisrSxDN3hl9Ik4IJ6A2iW1ookPBIQUr5uVThEqZXyCxBxffeecdTrBmzZrSun333TeaEhQeBfudOkMg1JGfEwMxigBZPYNpYl1N06dPv/XWWx955BH68frrr69cuZIJDzjgACbUJ4xtuOgHIRo3bnzuuefG70CkSFiNWCx91FFHMXZohgjaE42MDRcWOwFTWdQzypmaIDQy6bl58+YhQ4Y89NBDCxYsaNiw4d57721a3RIUCQocU7MK0zIkuxKPCGUYCRuokXo18+fPxx4Mq1ChgvrZs2ezH09kiFem1Y2ZiYeCOc2AiL/85S8bNWqESToMHz782Wef1cckYCAq6KnJa8YZ2UzESVql/SbPzKmg1cYw8oUXXrj77rtfe+01oZW9JQQqWhSYQ3gza9YsTuell16aMWNGdnb2iy++yMuwN0sD461bt27Tpk2ue/fu3RmPgfkR3VatWoUBbEy96BCTK3zwwQemJRsGCnc6duyoTMmuvvpqGmZa0MEk6omcbsrBFZMYzlXhCiYhDcbYYciPDvbz/PPPX3HFFaiGnThdt25ddyD1KQmKBgWLh2bOnHnnnXeKdViIVcK5EABRMNKcffbZTZo0qVix4qJFi95++21BMZeEOtddd51VevToccEFF/BoTOsV7cTUfFzr1q3vuuuuCHVZd+PGje3bt8cDffr379+5c2c8sBDyxR7UY57h4i384Ci12ozh+nz44Ye4S9KOOOKIE088kcI9nYL9IJbI7Mknn6xSpUpMlaBI8PXxUF6SLVy48C9/+QuZYWmkcfWZkAwgDVbNmTMHmQTRlStXrlOnzv777x/9tdKJ888/n2kpBw4xOdeGN1xYly5d4ndqdMQDHRibx7GKOIl3+9nPfqYpNhCbiUD+T3/6k252Aob8/e9/t5zW1atXE8j169cLnCtVqsS3IqsC9yoHRGtpoJ2DzvHMi7zfC1/tkGArFCympkDCFPbGlb59+1KaFi1atGrVSizMhC49zeAveA19qAVP9/jjj7Ml9YrUjLFDVEqXLi11x54aNWoIqJlq6dKl3BaTE5J69epxOianW+m1U8A/k+AQFj7zzDPkSgE1u3Xr9vvf//6UU06xekTlfNyRRx4pMC9Tpow5582b9+abb9rh4YcfbkUbME8uj76OIl/bIUHutdsxmC0DwSmWSK9EGK57tHIrZ555JlHBla5duy5evFjTvffeK7KRinMfTz31FFfC2DEhhxUxOItGPEROnnjiiRNOOKFfv356cnC6YRuuxLoZUClNVkSUli1b2gki3n///ebBP0usWbOmT58+Bx10kKXtwRLqVWZlZdWuXdsmf/Ob37z77rtRb8LUjr6EWCiDdG2C7aNgMXXcXR6hfPnye+65J8shRMTRPJpXysSXjRs37sEHH5SOqRFWIxbvxvtERGwgF2Y2U5mQSOCNxG3s2LGvvvoqx4cKeuJQLJoXhnuGmFnIWGamW7gVIhdzKmBJEEV/nXULRtqSZ2qyBEWDgnGIVVx9KkKQOC+0GD9+/LXXXivW5h24JNEGiy5ZsgQVmFONmPqiiy66+eabFyxYgG0xiYExoVEMHLqCWHyQ3E0AhBx4EP3zAj/QSBMeV61a1VMQDdbCZk/7iZ+dMIy7NL9RnkbZtoKldYvZEhQJCsYhRqU3nsKL3r1733jjjT179pTk80fCDs6rQ4cOTFW/fn0uRiDMcjk5OQSGu4m4m6VDBrAEFFBKZ02ADcyMTFbBLSrC3lvBEDS1SrVq1fTX+Z577jnrrLOs3qZNmxtuuEG0joWnnnqqV2yznCV0FuY3aNBAWIZblo6pQtgKD/NYKC98qXVtILSwBKNgMTXtGT16tKvsgCjHK6+84rAok5MSEvXq1Us07eAYiSBJ8nXzFOfilvAFz0KB0CUmBGOFUC+//LLOyHHMMcdIy02CHCbPZGQBr2EVRBkyZIgwWdBN9nCOQwxB0oo9vovTtJAVzSMXE00L0kXZ1DE9XQpBpu1hx63bA0pxmpgaX5r3e0seCvZtcaAMLFIWArvrxx13nCTckVWpUoU24IE+eCNF4sLEyH/4wx8GDBhw9tlnC5WY3/Ctrj4Ds7pKA1Fkx8etm84kitLErwCCJ/m/kOuqq66iNFqRRiX74UrEapbASDkgBDXT0+00+BaROxcv2XRc6doSioJxiIWcCAsde+yxvMY111xz7rnntm7dGnt69OgxdOjQjz/+mOXwQE/61KRJE4k3DWBXNQamJ8oDFkUFT6MyF3d70C36cHkyL6bCJHvom4KMjJLh8aRJkyR6GzduFBgZQpDAfiDEKT3dTsP69etdnpNOOmnQoEE+PF1bQlGw02SPyJiYkBhQI66nXbt2Ahq2efjhhydMmIBk7BpxMdIIlR544AFHOWXKFDOoCR1SoPYKeIBhoL+maN0etMYekEMAblHpunpj7QqzRUX25nXy5MnTp0/XE2NilAIoxGuIIijbSVjaE/K2ZhCjojVT4zXqfbUPUfbkmkWKU6dOdQi+y2lE/5KKgnHIGTGPbOijjz5iDzxgwsaNG7OlGiIkvhYnaWIVnRWWL19On/76179effXVM2bMYGDzSMQUjIppzZlJ2b5qvLwI++kctom4G59iYxSIKIrozfPGG28gEOGxSQWmjRkULKEmQwUz8KEmiYJ5zBZNGW6BgT4n4jPDgzTRpN7neN20aZPlXnvttYkTJ3Ka4jNRmpmjW0lFgX1ZCIbDZYlIcKQ8oiJ3zjlOmzYNUfTRmaVBtOsoOTvckkDdddddc+bMMRaYyonr6ckkgYzNtgnWsqKCaT2x1k7CukFKsdHJJ59sMzgt5Cd+iBVDMtA5dmtssMFz7ty5LsCsWbPeeuut7OzsDRs2qLTDYIA+4vcRI0aYkKMcP368wquvvvq3v/3t9ddfX716tW1bkSc1/JFHHhEM4SiKOwGtsW5JRcHyMpYbNWqUG+a6i3UcGSowSfXq1SVf4g+s8io7c3y6KYO7W7VqVTSaPXu2QwcmccrCcLZUlu5xgiY3hD9q2LChygh+497nhQmRRmdiZsXy5cuffvrpeMyK7I1GtWrV2nffffHAEvXq1cMqm2TL9PiUoujsieueDz744OOPPz548GAUefbZZ0eOHMkP4hAvzFmjkT7KV1xxxUMPPfTiiy+imuRUN0eBTCglq5AekmS7IrdyRsHZQQcdhJc21rRpU+X02iURBeOQQ3emVIelRcq8CZuxt6QdSzqlIF8LDunJVDrI88G1VokT8+fP52iWLVuGgg59//33X7VqFWKFbzLzDnJ7E0YlTqAgyzVo0KB9+/aURhhrQgzjauvWrYuyzZs379Chg9CbFJktPcWWAIgOWfHJJ5+84447GBuPTVKjRo0lS5Zgp5gG4y1huF15RTVKA+4JTtihT0MX/a3l8yWeyDdw4EDpoXPg1zBMU4sWLXAxvXZJRME4FJajE2XLllV2v+MqsxxFcRGBtZwvM8d1ZxhGhaOOOgpdXFlqwRIuOi/Auk6fLcW/Ks1J3tAiqBOSE0sH8NJTpZ5MW7lyZfuxqJ58JYuqtKJXRGTL+ClIZWr0/8MMluCPrrvuOr7GV0gOsF+Khxl8K2bYqg8xf8WKFVeuXDl27Fg713TppZdyl+RNyunVh6CLbl4XLlxIohwLFeT77HbNmjV0SOf0wiURBeOQo3fXnTg7KeONSgaLJoWwfbQqBJMUXH0D0QWTxOBO1lhHLHrgHWiSE2cPl16WV7t2bUswWMxpeAZeMzUxZwgMAj333HMUhTlpCcoGoYlNbMlUGWA28HQSSTzGs27dul1++eVScaRs06YNb0g1OUqSiX/IYRWKZUV079+/P2mxCnElhNyf+SmxSgXMsy5eKhjl2qhHaE0lFQWLqRmASTJI1+YDTtNY3HLWHM19993HMF7ZidUZEp/YkptQ4EpoklFbEWgrkCJPdjVPTk7Oyy+/LCIWRyOotaLPNhFfMW/ePOm34ZUqVSI/njZAeGzADlu2bKkGk+wN2yzhE1A2AjiTCOcVnnjiCdTXxCnj5eGHH969e3eznXrqqRjGkbVt21ZMFuuWVBSYQ3mRrs0H4uoDYxAJ1rr++uuHDBnCVPFnXmEbYQcCBXWYWf8YvgPYBh6YREATZjaPmnTztoAlOnB877//vtcQFRtTpn+G0x5aKL7xylXhEPekw/LlywVSmCeOJpxDhw5dsGCBnVv0nHPOIT8+zRd17dr1kksuOeyww+yNUHGFqWVLLArGIUiRJ410Vf6AGZQDgkZepVSXXXZZRDB8hCZUICRPP/20EJs7UJkevC0wNjYYhWoSMba0JdNGwJvutC0gEBjF0ejvSUswwJPvCzaLgokKDtEbOzQ/TguVdMjKyhI5nXXWWa6BOMnm+d9mzZrpo9VTNz6xc+fO/fr1EwnZZHrhEoqv51DQJeDViWwP0T+D9JgUmIoxVLr6LOSJHzBx4kR20sHpi6+ZX5LPNiJTKkVaxLZm1sFYBsuVsi3AHvXBM+Y3p6lUcohbre41LyzkiSs8qYKgx94yrll/TZSSDsWcNkCHVGrlntCrXLlyhiCfoE03quMDkclTDYLqyYup9zRVauISiwLr0DcDw7idwguyr8xh8QvC+fvvvx8bhJ/6SMcoPzKxxMiRIzHp+eefZ0LuQweGqVChAktnEDPrHKKCGQposWjRorB3BlbEAx1ELWxsD+ZEPgUDxV5EiGuzNCG0SU34Gn//mqKI9I0yFhtokrzMts8880w1Jkcdzo782InZgkmxaAapXZRYFCwv2zHyHlauLuWB64tDjtiFlkD17t377rvvZjbGdqdPO+20iy++WBhx9NFHix4EyHTFdRcmz5w5U4zMikijs2dYBcwWBXPG7zRkw2zt27cvW7bsVntgVxIFsYcws7Da5Gq4LXJich1wCHER8d5770WvY4899vjjj6ed8rLg+lVXXXXMMccgDSLKKC2q0KpVK/MgcciqgtmsElCTeyglFDuLQ6ENnhkwAM91zz33YI9A1aV3uVnoj3/8Y4cOHeT8rII3derUkRY596VLl5pH1jZjxgwODqtkyJYwbSDYY2adjeX4mFNmLieKPaTpk3KyXA9axK/M8TM0HpAfMxu1atUqQTSNsStzvv322zJ2WR4+iXvEOh988AHqe9VBoEMRud0qVarI2qxL/DDGHnDXfnwXLgZ1ArGfkoqdqENOM/2S+strIuVhw4aNGjWKw6JJzh2BpMG0Rw2KOHRH7x6zB1MdeeSRTMtf8CxcDPfHs0ig0gxK/Zf/llAwqlSpUvFvYZmTIemHGdJrp/wdoXrmmWcwGI1QhKsSF9M86qIzIFmnTp3IEmckY3/sscf4Ps5O1F+tWjUd7N+ebeb000+X9se0b7zxhrtBpXSuX79+1apV8cyWZIix9HcBBf6N0SEy81tvvTV+/HiXddq0aW6kC+3yaUUdHbQOHDhQbuX6Vq9ePTs7W7bFfngQ9hb6yFk6duyIKGqYDVAnllBTq1athg0bMhWjkgdzsvH06dMtF3Gu5dRPSYGWjB07Fkt0FmYtXLiQ5MQ/X2Qgz3jfffchkLHsbSE+UbqkQ5nUfzakg7HoSJ9eeOEFLLcQ52uVnj17Nm7cGFdMOG7cOHtQpkx0KC6MPbzzzju4bj94wydSI4W816nkIyX2+YWTYhgFxrj66qvFmOzdq1cvsYjzpSVaiQ3zy9spQZcuXZjc6ZOQmjVr4tOFF17I3s5dT7PFhOyXAVeiBlxurSjiro8ZM4ZikRkCRopuvPFGhufjTjzxRMkRGbMTooLKjCqysRDKkg1sbtq0qUwt96+flSrFY1555ZVYgmcIbX7hsO3xa8QGpQz31E1QheWYRFd8L98niG7SpMk111xDFN0NH+uTbdJOfve739G/hx56SGCkv6cPSR3YdwIF0yG30A1zTK6v48MkduIa4k+L+B2SzjvIqlxHNIq/zaPAfqeccgp16datG4ahgtkcNEtEEBrzg0qrsC73YRUz0zmC5OmWM54y4ppz/fr1ghs90Y5aCFO4kviZZ/Xq1XPmzME2ZMK/+BXHQAywDd0E6fZgHqShfwceeKD5ER1LRNAS8nCyyGdF+8FRswmcxWR6UhqViG7nOCeME4e1aNHCnBZSqSlk9TuBNJfyDd6B2Vw1JhQOO3RmuOCCCxYvXuy4hw8fjjScBdW56KKLFixY4DRxS3+cEyCbITRGjbJCrvh8Gal1cn+SCVjR1adn5p8/f745RbumomfoiAd0aMiQITSDL+Nhf/vb38rOVHJhtsqrnnHGGbySiN7SalA/VgcbML9XEwraPKVaOmgiM6E0oa+eKnV2TxTiK+I0vNq2zobHJ2hS+R1BwTjkdJygZxyrmqysLNdXJtW3b1+Ogxi4o67vgAEDODido6fzjbOOV0ccVmQDr6ljT8NrZnIE8oyCpihTQcPVUDvC5uqTh/jPQsxmD8QGh0TWDzzwgKlwfcWKFaRIKxvH/mOq1IK5aZTKIKtyrBX1oKBnbNLSnuaMjUUTeI0Ng0JsT+v2ED1LDAr8G2P8fOf2U2zHIToWTIhkRRXnnHOOrIcA8CwSbJGKniRdTy6GyHvluXgBw2OecAo6ZOA1+sRYzyhoinK0MlW0sqgE+9VXXxXfCLME8rwYNgieRL662Q9X5ak/l4pzmalSC+b++avNmFMApxxLgzJEZ5UKOnjagHqV0QReM6MUfF3mNZA+7C1I15YUFJhDeeFeUgLhp8ON9ISFhAVC6Yhw1TsylzI9oEghRkFTkQ0GyBAl4XDHHXdIA22Mh2VISysr2EnGtGHIDGK2BN8YheKQi8iKdEjkKwRGIDIuXW/WrJkCgwUy97VogUMkgQ5RF94KZE/WpW1quCetmIQ96QFbfrUC+pRBui3BN0WhfmN0s9mDLaVmQl02YyRJDVaF7OsTNIr+RYWUfOT+8QXxmzdvnihHugdyQ25LEMOvCcDlbmI1KoVVRqELhmkN3sQkEI5pe9gZF2AnXapdhYJZ18fnBU/BkJRACs0YEYEGsSLFhfTIIoJVPC1qFdSZO3cuQki2zz///JNPPvm888679NJL+/fvLy3fuHHjoEGDcnJyUER4JK2zJWViKe42EBYuXCiS09POxfh2q2dsO4NYN5+wPWeCqXZlTsNNGHtWY9vKntYKHoP+ykFuWq5GH7tVcA20xvDdGYVSCJ/tC/mLiFvVkKIyZcq4+ogVfXYeiJBY55NPPtl7770jCVeJT7Vr165Ro4a9sRYrEiG8wR7MVrN58+YRI0bccsstMv/bb7+9V69eU6dOZWk7N1yH1NyFBZbYm2xRVoijqBAphWNBfQXKjb762Ge0uhVUU/+lS5eKLNHItvXEMB3A/nOn3v1QqCNz7myDRg7C6cQNY1Rf+y3cHoeLEChiOTTiUplEzeLFi+PvQUsP4088bC9MiFLiJOSTxw1PQSI5a9Ys/NPBnqNb4cHkAvwzzjhDrvrGG2+guE1iqtvl0J5//vkBAwbcdddd48ePt7egr1blNWvWXHfddX379jXKVu0HHHJRkXtnoFA7822s4rx8bRyTVxzCpwhBdipC+SzKJU2ZMkVghBAPP/zwwIEDvdrboYceWqlSJTuJjAwYad999z3uuOO6du3arl27jh078n1169ZlWl9hNqNScxcWNjN06FChPZEjeKtXr7Y0ptotllDB+G/ZgPBgub3FPg3haufMmfPhhx+qB8x2qrH/9Oy7GQoVU8fnuShk2b3hzt17cUnlypVVpjvtNLi+hIfk2IaIfsaMGaNHj540aRI3YfX4ez+1atUKr8p4LITrFOuQ1D8jiUMnnHBCmzZtqlWrplITK/qcmPwbw2YAh2hM6dKlnYmwplGjRjysDSxZsuSRRx6ZPHkyt2UtnyAF4bMwaebMmcuWLYs/3EUXY/llUyGf5+4sRYXikFPwecwjw1dWuPLKK1u2bCkpi7uV7ld0sEoGvBWy7pX6j8vq1KlDchimYcOGnTt3btasWY8ePVQyT4hQ+ItQR5XGGqhgq0TIbHl/AigM4kBWrlz56KOPmp+H8kr5GjRoQIcE8oMHDyZLosYVK1bwv7RQ/ugCXHPNNaNGjcrOzo4/dsRCgjR27FjfJbzzCchUVDJZtMglQbpYcARRiAEzeDovBqMBmcR+p4LAcEAWsgfrEiQFrophvGplQoce0WhwKOCT8361UelSoWHalP/5fMKECaeddpqdmNzrFVdc0b17d8ciVbzpppvsSqUTE7FlZWVxpvFvuq9bt06ToBu/c29J6vd93OrUqZOCryjCrRYhCrWnuGQudwRA7OdTi8Qj5AeIgruWc7J2MmzYMGYQqHKsrrKdxK1l129nP3kRuQX96N27N6JwUrTHhrGExlSpUkXZ9uIT5AGk6PoUeFgaSXI42X79+t16662U1SHvtgSCQm3L9/taFvL0ke+9915EpnEdo89OhUVDipy7MEgA60KLRhFIa4gNXYRU928PJBDoEC+GQ1zVm6l/HXvDhg3O6tRTTz388MORSQqpEjkEA6K3X/3qV8I436KSOAn827dvX716dffEl6an3v1QKA5lLrrPjoNgLa8++Fu4+paIq+xJCKPguos5gsoQIvTVzURlgMGiP+fiaQio8fTK0plKhXzCfnhPnJ41a5ZUS8hPHYM01FoYV7ZsWdcsbiDGc3Ok1On5Ck8xvlFSXX10MFUcbHr23QyFlcfwXJB+32Lab1N4rcgGUn2nvHHjRpxgidSmcpHulAfphi3AeLZUH3c9o6xMHmZWiRPcU+7gfMBwJ8DwSICX9erVUyPhGjJkyDvvvFOzZk3bM6HlImCybR3CKUskqdSFF14oc4z/mkVTZtoo7G7YTV3sNwB7swozlCtXrkDHzaKeDMk1Rw0Ds31MGG4xFCJa84PMVDhNUQ455JCcnJzbb79djQRNnm9mEyJZcDQDWdjFF1982WWXGRKc3v1RcjhEfhz6AQccIIBIV+UP7jqKYEzIGKl44oknbrjhhv79+992221TpkyRKAU70wPyARQUKXNJnBcnxXN9kPr/yMIncRL2SOyVNVk3PSaF+ASxAR7vtsKzFUqUDqHCPvvsQ4cKdINRh1E9GX7evHl9+vS57777Bg8eLA9/4IEHMj8Zs3d6QD6AKOGhkFIAdNBBB4mmiRMa8VALFy589913I3Pcipr6ROjjmXBop8DhZoAowBcEYxo1asRaLBSt7nFYPcqZKBv0x4mA+sxTz1WrVo0fPz7+Mp1gJUwu0hKsZNzTNpFaMzfmZXi0EAzpbwOlS5eWahxxxBEmDEGqX7++VuyhTLTTErF/A4M05tHquZWb221RqN+pdy2ccpw+BixbtowLaNq0aZcuXbCB9wnSsBwCibjJgHzNk4uJv+GvrNtHH30kWCYJRrEZeRg5ciST9+zZ8/LLLxfYoqZJWNdatCG18o6gJw4hx/r16xGoWbNmQhxOzYo00oSdOnVCL616HnzwwS1btqRShgRihtAnz5hzN0ehfqf+9pF3t1giYX7vvffefPNNKY/4VA3jIU3z5s0rVKjQunVrBSZZuXLl3XffPWLECGTSyjwqdfbKriJc5It/QZEXGzp0qFaMJBu41TGFGqn/k7X0wtvCV49x7dq11jIqCOrVtFbEGMS17SCKhYIusav04GKFYqxDDn3y5Mn9+vVDIB7BRY8wlsyQHPRiV/wQugqTn376aZVsyYOEqagO2tED0QlNOvroo0VFEydONJA8oCCra9Wzffv25cuXjxVzF84f0MLSomMCZnu8WOTq9olVyjyv1ugcBEo49G0jsuXZs2ezBGvVrVuX4zjppJPYAyfwY926ddhQtWpVtBg9erSrL2Fu2LBh165d+ZQ6deowpDgaq3iro446qlq1aqgj9DGJBJtFX3/9dU+J3qGpf2Q4/+m9zvhqrKdX8mOsV3vjEL0q4BagckaEIIYXM/jaYgSuyqFzQ2z/7LPPsrf7zcbDhw+XLYtsli5d6qKPHTu2TJkyEjSsklhhW/wZPtEykJP6R+rfIkKy5557TtSCTD169FAffzeNnlmLX8M5rTfffDNSckyxhwRboZjlZW6zm82czB/eChWOPfZY7oYUiVUJDx/Rpk2bdu3a6TZz5szXXnsN50IVxCI0wO3HEkFJOBqkNEmwZMyYMZdddpmwWmHSpEnoaMhhhx2GZPkJqL+bKH65PeXHA2XxDbvyAvGfkYiEEIIU4QRFkUJrVUOZKBBFMXbWrFkyLyJEXQQlVKd///5apd+Ca/Xz5s0z/JZbbunVqxcOGcLrNWjQQIylPvaQYCsUMw7hBDlBI1zJzs7myChTZDp4Q28wQ41sSJOeyEFy4tcaJBg/frzgesKECfzg9ddf36dPn9Wp/6uNJk2anHHGGWj061//2kA1gifDJWsXXnih1Mm6yJreRIIvo5idC/aEY5I0URTWJRVesYSNtQKXhC78VMQ9QmYOrnLlyoInHvD+++8/++yzzzrrLIWNGzcaW69eveOOO65Ro0Y8l9Bq4MCBPXv2VCmW6t27d82aNc2Di+kdJPgKihmHmBzQha7gBCahkRSMr4lkB8O4MFKEOhyWMl0hRQsWLCBRqNaqVavOnTu3bt3aDKEuuEJsKJkYvFKlSrVr1xZdPfbYY5I+Kb1pqRqmJvHQ9lDMOMTkbEldqlSpIvjFIXmW4JpO4Bb5ATRCDk1Yglvia8q0adMmqiNFv+mmm5566qmsrCyODDlM6HXYsGE6B/+IVga8W3rhBNtHMeNQBEMR6Ah1Q29oxksvvRQMQAUdUAexPPWkQ+vXr5d5qcctiiKWqlWr1uWXX05+zBm/BQi3UU2TDnkR6ybYAYrfb4xogTqsy/sw/+LFi9WsWbNGk0BYjVh79OjR06dPX7FiBcd05pln8mUjRoygWKSle/funCC26cnZkatFixZpAg7OnKVKlTJhIFbM4Ks1CaCYcYiQeHJAOMTRCIFl+JwUNZo/f74yAkm+pOWrVq0SJp933nlHHHHEhg0b1Otz4IEHnnTSSfETESKilHh53LhxYm2U0l8AhGEpAcqFtfLypphyKD4kP4ivziCf31vMOOSr4sPQSKFixYrNmzcXCeXk5PBcRGXhwoW4Qkt4Oq5KwkVs4sdGatShQwfxssj6s88+4/VMgkZeEQ6NatSo0aJFi5h5m4g9FEcgRLq0Q2zVzVGkSztEMftz+60gI9tzzz3Jj2hG5iXowSShEhcmyWrcuDHhiRiIOC1btqxq1apt27alPXjDncUZ8YBTp04VP1Gshg0b4lZMXmLg8zNW5vp38Pc8M90CIsh0aYcoxhxCDsGy3IrMcEyEBDkENGoqV64cIbZumgC3kINEHZD699QjCyMtPh+fKBllQinQOeYvMchl0BdfCBBvv/32008/feXKlfH/K6rpzjvvrFev3pgxY6KmQoUKd9xxh0t1zz339O3bt2nTpjHD1yAWKI5geDRCBdTxDL2JVxm+10j1VSrHH4eBV04t0zn6BIcURNbqSxh8LJEmzH369PGlcMopp3iFeIWoufXWW50JjBw50qtsIz3FDlHMcvu8oBmEhN6KgkN1c79nyz/NqYkOhRQpkx96A14F4xHc6BZ9Qn4UjFVfAhDWDXgdOHCg5yWXXBIfnhdqAlHOleI99ujYsaPXrKys9BQppLpvA8WYQwnyiU2bNo0ePVpCKjpMV+UD+htlbPp9+0g4VPIxbdo0z4MK+P+xH/1j7I6RcKjkQ8jsKeuM13wi+mdnZ8frDpBwKMGOIEdLl7aPksOhCAwzSNcm2IK1a9dGIe/5fPWg0vHzlgg6Px4w0aGSjyZNmnjOmjUrXreJzZs3e65cuTJeQUDt2bZt23jdARIOlXycd955nsEheZYMPxMpt2zZUr0UbN68eV6HDRumNZpg//33D/59DdLKlaBk4X9fxm233VauXLmFCxem37eD9A+On38+d+5c/Y1KN6SQnvorKN5/XpZge9jKrF4JzOzZs2fOnPnVGCiDzKguXbrst99+gwYNitfA9gYmHCr5YOKwMhpxTwMGDIj6QF4CRLlv3750aPjw4Xt8F/7cPkF+kMugPFbeihl5m/KWIZ8cSmLqBIVFwqEEhUXiyxIUFokOJSgsEg4lKCwSDiUoLBIOJSgsEg4lKBy+973/AyH/c9FFKV+SAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)where
Y is a nucleofugic group;M+ is a cation; andeach of R1 to R5 are as defined
above; and(c) contacting the boron “ate” complex of formula (II) with a Lewis
acid under conditions that afford the boronic ester compound of formula (I),
said contacting step being conducted in a reaction mixture comprising:(i) a
coordinating ether solvent that has low miscibility with water; or(ii) an
ether solvent that has low miscibility with water and a coordinating
cosolvent, provided that the coordinating co-solvent constitutes no more than
20% v/v of the reaction mixture;wherein the solubility of water in the ether
solvent of (i) or (ii) that has low miscibility with water is less than 5%
w/w; andwherein the ether solvent of (i) or (ii) that has low miscibility with
water constitutes at least 70% v/v of the reaction mixture.  
32| A process utilizing at least five moles of at least one starting material
for preparing a boronic ester compound of formula
(I):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein:R1
is an optionally substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic group;R2
is hydrogen, a nucleofugic group, or an optionally substituted aliphatic,
aromatic, or heteroaromatic group;R3 is a nucleofugic group or an optionally
substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic group; andeach of R4 and
R5, independently, is an optionally substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or
heteroaromatic group, orR4 and R5, taken together with the intervening oxygen
and boron atoms, form an optionally substituted 5- to 10-membered ring having
0-2 additional ring heteroatoms selected from N, O, or S; said process
comprising:(a) providing a solution comprising(i) a boronic ester of formula
(III)![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein
R1, R4, and R5 are as defined above;(ii) a compound of formula
(V)![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)where
Y is a nucleofugic group, and R2 and R3 are as defined above; and(iii) a
solvent comprising:(aa) a coordinating ether solvent that has low miscibility
with water; or(bb) an ether solvent that has low miscibility with water and a
coordinating cosolvent, provided that the coordinating co-solvent constitutes
no more than 20% v/v of the reaction mixture;wherein the solubility of water
in the ether solvent of (aa) or (bb) that has low miscibility with water is
less than 5% w/w; andwherein the ether solvent of (aa) or (bb) that has low
miscibility with water constitutes at least 70% v/v of the reaction
mixture;(b) treating the solution of step (a) with a strong, sterically
hindered base to form a boron “ate” complex of formula
(II):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)where
M+ is a cation derived from the base, and each of Y and R1 to R5 are as
defined above; and(c) contacting the boron “ate” complex of formula (II) with
a Lewis acid in a solution comprising an ether solvent that has low
miscibility with water to form the boronic ester compound of formula (I),
wherein the solubility of water in the ether solvent that has low miscibility
with water is less than 5% w/w.  
33| A process utilizing at least five moles of at least one starting material
for preparing a boronic ester compound of formula
(I):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein:
R1 is an optionally substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic
group;R2 is hydrogen, a nucleofugic group, or an optionally substituted
aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic group;R3 is a nucleofugic group or an
optionally substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic group; andR4 and
R5, taken together, form an optionally substituted linking chain comprising
2-5 carbon atoms and 0-2 heteroatoms selected from the group consisting of O,
N, and S; said process comprising:(a) providing a solution comprising:(i) a
boronic acid compound of formula (VI):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein
R1 is as defined above;(ii) a compound of formula HO-R4-R5-OH, wherein R4 and
R5 are as defined above; and(iii) an organic solvent that forms an azeotrope
with water;(b) heating the solution of step (a) at reflux, with azeotropic
removal of water, to form a boronic ester of formula
(III):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein
R1, R4, and R5 are as defined above;(c) providing a solution comprising:(i)
the boronic ester of formula (III):(ii) a compound of formula
(V):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein
Y is a nucleofugic group, and R2 and R3 are as defined above; and (iii) a
solvent comprising:(aa) coordinating ether solvent that has low miscibility
with water; or (bb) an ether solvent that has low miscibility with water and a
coordinating co-solvent, provided that the coordinating co-solvent constitutes
no more than 20% v/v of the reaction mixture;wherein the solubility of water
in the ether solvent of (aa) or (bb) that has low miscibility with water is
less than 5% w/w; andwherein the ether solvent of (aa) or (bb) that has low
miscibility with water constitutes at least 70% v/v of the reaction
mixture;(d) treating the solution from step (c) with a strong, sterically
hindered base to form a boron “ate” complex of formula
(II):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)where
M+ is a cation derived from the base, and each of Y and R1 to R5 are as
defined above; and(e) contacting the boron “ate” complex of formula (II) with
a Lewis acid in a solution comprising an ether solvent that has low
miscibility with water to form the boronic ester compound of formula (I),
wherein the low miscibility with water to form the boronic ester compound of
formula (I), wherein the solubilty [sic] of water in the ether solvent that
has low miscibility with water is less that 5% w/w.  
34| The process of claim 32 or 33, wherein the sterically hindered base is an
alkali metal dialkylamide base of formula M2N(R#)2, wherein M2 is selected
from the group consisting of Li, Na, and K, and each R#, independently, is a
branched or cyclic C3-6 aliphatic.  
35| The process of claim 33, wherein the organic solvent in step (a) is
selected from the group consisting of acetonitrile, toluene, hexane, heptane,
and mixtures thereof, or an ether solvent that has low miscibility with water
wherein the solubility of water in the ether solvent that has low miscibility
with water is less than 5% w/w.  
38| A process utilizing at least five moles of at least one starting material
for preparing an aminoboronic ester compound of formula
(VII):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)or
an acid addition salt thereof, wherein:R1 is an optionally substituted
aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic group; and each of R4 and R5,
independently, is an optionally substituted aliphatic, aromatic, or
heteroaromatic group, orR4 and R5, taken together with the intervening oxygen
and boron atoms, form an optionally substituted 5- to 10-membered ring having
0-2 additional ring heteroatoms selected from N, O, or S;said process
comprising: (a) providing a boron “ate” complex of formula (II):
![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZoAAADHCAYAAAAgYZX+AAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAADxXSURBVHhe7d0JvG11Wf/xRZrNZZlNVKJYGhpZiiSlKaiphDmkkiB6DaQbIIOBFGhCEoiQkoIpoAJCDKmkgqZQYOCESoYFaTRnls1zZv7/vX/3PNflvmvvfe65d5+zzz7fz+u1Xnta67eGc+/zXc/we9Yu/+//6EIIIWxIPvvZzy6925a73e1uS+92jC9Zeg0hhBBmQjyaEELYwHzuc59berctd73rXZfe7RgRmhBC2MB8/vOfX3q3LV/yJTsn6BWhCSGEDcwkCdhll12W3u0YEZoQQggzJcUAIYQQZkqEJoQQwkyJ0IQQQpgpEZoQQggzJUITQghhpkRoQgghzJQITQghhJkSoQkhhDBTIjQhhBBmSoQmhBDCTInQhBBCmCkRmhBCCDMlQhNCCGGmRGhCCCHMlAhNCCGEmRKhCSGEMFPy4LM5YtKfYtqfaWc9cjWEEHY2sU4hhBBmSoQmhBDCTInQhBBCmCkRmhBCCDMlQrNOePrTn9594AMfWPoUQgjrh1SdzRFDf4pf/uVf7t7//ve3ZZSHPexh3ZVXXtnep+oshDCvRGhWwOc///mld9uyyy67LL3bfkb/FJ/85Ce7fffdd+nTMN/93d/dHXfccd2P/diPLX2zLTtyTCGEsKNEaFbAagmNcNmQJzPEX/7lXy6925YITQhhLUm8ZU6Rj+mLjDDZr//6r7eFFxNCCOuFCM2c8oM/+IPdVVddtfRpi9D4ziJUFkII64WEzlbApNDZd3zHd2y3ENT6Q3+Kd7zjHd03fuM3NqEp5G0+8YlPLH3aQkJnIYR5JUKzAsYJDZFZCUJhl156afct3/ItS99si8KAn/7pn95GYIoITQhhXknobA4gHgcddNDSp2H+4R/+YazIhBDCPBOhmROIyCte8YqlT9siN6MQYBzm24QQwjwSoVkBQlFDyyjmtghp9Ze/+Iu/6H7rt35raY0vZppYTBObEEKYRyI0M2TcJMrv+q7vaoLTT/AvF2JDsEYLDpRCJ7QWQphHIjQzZNJsfWgfM61CTTjNMq3PWYQmhDCvpOpsBYy7ZN/+7d++9G4Lt9xyS/et3/qtS5+20N9W6TIR6QsET6fYvHlzW6cgSirU/vqv/7o75ZRTlr7dQlWuje4PQ2G9EEJYLSI0K2C5QsP4j+ZjalsCM5ST6QtNWtCEEBaBCM0KWK7QbC88lmOPPXbp0xaWMzdHrqffRWCUCE0IYS1JjmZO4P2MigyIz7iiAd/zZCaJTAghrDUL7dFMOrVpp70SL2ClHg0xUTigGm0IhQBPe9rTlj5tYdSLmaXX8tnPfrb7r//6r3bN7na3u3Vf8RVfsfTLli4J9Sycz33uc91d73rX7o/+6I+6+973vu27EEKI0IxhZwkNT8XST+qP0s/LjEMLmn7RQI1brEV4jLD84z/+Y+vFZv///u//3n3VV31V98///M/d133d1y2tFULY6ERo/o/RGfm8hXHhqklMKwbgmZx99tnbJPh5JubHTGKakMxKaPoeS+HaERmL1ji77rpr+/7v//7vu3vc4x7tfQghFBteaMZVdpmBP834jzIqNMJhv/qrv7r0aQv2u99++20z54UgjQudYa2Epk+Ji4UAffVXf3X3B3/wB60ZKK/mP//zP1tYbUicQggblw1tDSaVD//ET/zEzCZADk3k1Jl5XiEcxIV4fPmXf3kTmK/92q/tPvzhD3dXX31197a3va37p3/6p625G+uGEEKxYYVmOXNUZmX8VZeNhuaI2rTZ/2vB//7v/zZvSZJ/1Eu54IILule/+tXdZZdd1t1xxx1L33atYCCEEIoNKTQquJYzEZLxn1VX5KEc0Ghl2TxQQuP1U5/6VHfDDTe0cOCLX/zi7uabb+7+5m/+pvuP//iP5uEInalOCyGEPnMhNPIWq7mMJqxf85rXtMqv5VR/bS9D+7ccc8wxS2t8MarLGPbtXUbDVfYxBDFQrgwhMSLRh3Dceeed3b/927+1z//93//dXlWXveQlL+kOPPDA1v7mda97Xdu+2H333dtYQmuf+cxnlr4NIYQ5KQaYdAjCSe973/uWPm0fvIZxCf2am2IdzS2L0Tkr5rhYlsNQMQAR69M/V/sSwhtlqBCBmEyiEvQVtvrzP//z7o//+I9b7kT/MxVwX//1X99+cwzGq7kxX/qlX9pCY6P87d/+bfcN3/AN7f273vWudh0IITHx/d3vfvdWDLDPPvt07373u5vXw7MhUvI4IYSAuRaa5Ya4xkFEGMftqR7bmUJDZEYT/6PnOiQ2Q/ucJjT/8z//08RGQv5f/uVfuve85z1t7s7tt9/e3fOe9+z23nvv7vu+7/uaEPmd92HeC7H413/91yZIxOOxj31sd6973auNeeutt3Z77rln84AIjXDZxz/+8eYR3uUud2nb/tVf/VX3gAc8oHvLW97ShOwrv/Ir23EMCVcIYWMy10IzNAFyJSxnngpG+4oNlSdPYiVCg3oUQLESoeFNMP74vd/7vRbaeutb39ryKrj3ve/dPBv7JwS8GeEw50x4rEeEnvzkJ3dHHXVUt8cee7TtrMeDMV/mzW9+c/NgiAuBJEBCa9/8zd/cveENb+ge9KAHpbw5hLANG8IarDTJ3p95vxz6T7/kTQ2VMQ8xVBiwvZTIQHjrgx/8YBMPhp/nYba+cmQeIk+Fp6NPmvWE2Hg18jPXXXddd8UVV7T3qNwPb+dZz3pWd9JJJ3WHHHJI845M0CSAcjL2WfRzNyGEsO48Gnf64wRgUjnypES/57scfPDB28ybMT/kB37gB5Y+LQ/nImQ1TmT8tv/++y99+gIf/ehHu09/+tPt/dC20zyaPueff3536qmnNiHRc4xXwlsRLiMOxEcORS5FyM3YWsd4/bu/+7sWAnMtX/CCFzRvhtfyZV/2Ze29dYTczj333O6FL3xh903f9E1tTIUCP/uzP9s8maFS6BDCxmVdCc1yQ1lDuR0CNdQdeTQnU6ykMwDGnYv9KJV2XI5j6FgmGedpQlN5Efu/+OKLW2XYn/zJn7RuA37ba6+9Wi6Ft8G7ISy8IOJz4403NlEiJLaB9c8666yW6LeNajXjVMXeJZdc0jwbITnbEKUzzjjjiwoSQggBC3nbKSezHIZERhhruTmd7aEvfqO91XYGRICnIVfzNV/zNW2BJP997nOftn/JfJ7H6aef3oTI8vKXv7w74IADmoAIj5W4KwiQcyFwhEOTTNVp4AnVfBnJf5TQpQgghDDKuhMad+zTluVUqslNjBMZr0Pj1jIJhnloGYX3MrrsCLwRMPTCYX/2Z3/WRMD77/me7+ke9ahHtd/lU5wDYSAWQmVHH3109+AHP7j7yEc+0n4zllDebbfd9kX5lpp/wxuqR0YrKBA+I1KKCpyH0uoQQijWldAsp/fYuFDYaMJdL7MhhLfc1Ss5ntTaf3uYVXeBUUZFsEROFVol96ulv1CY9X32as4M5GP8roBAs8z+mFVwQHAUD0B+RihODqd+V4UWQgjFuhMaYSdi0kfFU5UID4mM/Ew/FDY0SRI8oRIF7zdv3jyTMBdGz2FHIQjlfRAKngXDb+GhlDfCi7FYl7fj2pkDo/KsKtRsWzkcGFtIrnIvtidMPhvXdjVHB0QnhBCKdRc6IwTEhAjUomLM90Oegwq1fhWXkNByQmvFzvBGhjyjlXY7GAfhGBIaoTSz9lWi/c7v/E6bD8MD+fmf//k2OVPORtLfUzGt6ze5GIUDla8xnqXGNy4xITJEiJAJpRGjyhWFEEKxsBM2eTEVLhtN7PMmtkdsRivEGN3tYeg8treqbdo+GXjhLKXJ8kxHHHFEEwaCYD7N93//92/1VnQKuP7661vYS8L/D//wD5s48EwUEfBO9GJ7whOesDXJD/mcCrVdc801rYjA/r7t276tTRC1D2OkBU0Ioc/CCs2OPkhs0mXZGUKjnHh7mLZPYTBCIylPaI488sh2DoSGUBAXs/oJSoXGXB+5G14OATHn5n73u1/3xCc+sXv84x/fxu0LjblI1T3h93//91uJcxUBPOMZz2jeo/3VA9BCCAHrLnTGS6lOy5bRJH/hLn0jQVRKHPui5P2f/umfNrFQWfa93/u9TUx8JiImq1pHqOzHf/zHu8MPP3yryLiGFS4DMbMNVJqZN3PCCSd0z3zmM7vv/M7v3CpIIYTQZ10JjTtmd+sMYy0+D3UKGCoa6CO/MGlZC/rnNbpMwzo1z4XgqB6TbxHu4qlcdNFFzcsTMnvKU57SREE1mhAXj0vOSCPOXXfdtY0hrGYuTX/ypfk48jDGtb8SN+XTujbzlHyWs6nfxi2jELTK8QytX8s0nLe/H1E0nnHHbeu72ids08c16D9GoT/Gco4lhLCFdSc0Q1x66aXb/KZCbagCbS0Yd9yrBQ+mOi4Lde27777dT/7kT3b3v//9WwUZY8rg6sxMkIT1CAlD6/s+xEzYzQTOeUTojjiWd0VoCMmoiIxCoEqoTXIVhnTNbP+hD32ozSmqEnGU0IYQprPuQmdDqHhytz4URhtXyuzue9LCI+o3itwRlttcc1ZI1suZEA1iI4T2nOc8p3ve857XQl6MrO91ZfZ45t/8zd9sXglBYVAZWwtcG0a8jPLOYBYG23E7p77nNQ7r9AWVx+Y8IbSoM/WrXvWq9qiE6kcH4tX3eEIIwyyE0BQ1q7+P6rKhuTB9Uekv55xzTrfbbru1smZ3/pLf48RqvVBzZ2ohIirLHve4x7XKMecN3o68jPCahH5VqVl29h18Gf9REbCfSYxuN7qMQmx4ODydPrW+/Vn6rXTcuBBZKAlXHk6AL7/88tY9oUTXdqPjhhC2ZaGEBsRmFKIxKjZlYEaXIVEiVutZbISBnBuvhnGtyjO5FQUAjCoBYmAZ5ve+973bzPOxPSqnUXmNlWJ7Y1lGjf4kat1xi/xMjTlKHbeFWIyuI58lbFZ5KX93Hbx5MdYlwsKK1RXBsbpeIYTJLJzQjGNUbOpOfXQZx3oWG6EuYuL8iE3fmJtH41EI7ugZaa9CaJdddlnL2QirlUEuIWCoCdOOUEIzZPAnUWG8cUtfCEcFp/+9dfvnBedauRyCw4NRUFITUl07IUOLbY0VQpjOQgpN/wFkfYjNtLzLuHJpEBuhNOPs7BYys4TQmOtiIqWQmAox+Cypr5uz3m/KxVWh6VXmTt7cmDvuuKPNsymIlXAR47sjTDP64+iLytBSYmBcnodWObwQTUaJSO3Tgtqf6+K8TUC99tpru+c+97ntcQsExzUytutgDB6P7bZHIEPYyCyk0JhxL9E9iuovM9/LSAwtV111VXvmjccwS6IPQWgYZq+WeYBxLQGphDUPhSDwUBhSIsJYCvdYp2bv82KOP/747tBDD23Jb9VVrpUJniZmqr5yt28bhtb1m3Y3r2LNepYqh1a59exnP7uNJz9kwqf2PK7561//+u5lL3tZe3iadR1DzfGRcLd4z8hbPCX07LPP7k488cTmqWqx88pXvrJ77Wtf28b97d/+7e5Nb3pTeyroQx/60O4Rj3hEuz4ExA2D60KI9HgzrvMiyEq8DzvssPYYbJ/9G/DvQpdq27uOVQDgmjvGEMJk5rozgPJkRqEgANtTwTUqBNrSWJaDY+L9eHRx/xjGwTCrfBtiSJCGOgMweCuFx0I45BkYWkbXPsyROfnkk5vx5I3Ud+70TbqEu3W/SXzrgabNP2Ou/5lzJ9w8APtwxw9GuoRqCOdifdvZxrXUV02hgcmhHtNQPdF4iebvGNND1H7qp36qHc+ee+7ZckiEiXEnbv4uvCwl7VdffXUbQxGDc/DejYT99vNRjsWxGsM5K/Z46lOf2irvqkCCiOiDp7qMJ2Mb18wEV8fOS7YPfeEOOuigdtxEx35CCJOZa6ERnuonpZcrEkNUqGu5/cX6xyQ3sxyxEXZzdz7KclvQ7IjQON7a/nd/93dbpRSvQm7BY5ndwfNKGHPtZrwyytZhaBl6hlwJr2MjEJLfxKEMue3LsFZIaRwlNMa2Dx5H5chcJ90KeFfGtK5jss8K06l4+6Ef+qE234f3yAvjmZlE6m/hIW7XXXddEyTr9sN7fRy7dRyvcySw9snDcUwms5pz5UbBzcCrX/3qJnbWVdb8mMc8pl0THjJhufLKK9uzfVxv5+W4QwiTmWuhWUuGjolYbc8k0PKgVkNoRnEnTzj6YuA7guHOnggw2tYpT4AY+R4VhitvxzZCSVWRtRyPRjiK93Huuee2kBbsx1hCUgceeGALSfFueE9Cffbl2ssD8YRMNmXk9V+rvJB1f+ZnfqaFuRQzCP0RRWM/8pGPbIUPxiWK3uuAcMMNN7RjJ1jOTdjLmPJTda48KeJFHJ0b70ZjUd7Mpk2bmqCdeeaZTfxA3IxjvyGE8dzl/+5YX7L0PkyBYBAOz8d3Vz0kFn3c8VqGvKEh72xHhEYehEgQAwuDyggy3CAMxmcchdZuueWWJgI//MM/3IyxbSrRDQJkexAGXoDP1oPXaccrtKV6TWGBwgMtbH7kR36keS68FGFJc5WIyb3vfe+27L777k3cjC0MeOedd7bzUhknWe+45G94FjwcYTfHx0MSFrvwwgtbeJU3xPPYe++9m9fhetjWq8/+LoofnvSkJ7XPvBeLsQhPFQ8QYV6qXI5rKSfjGj3wgQ9sQmacCE0Ik4lHM4ZJx1QGViJb2MWyvU/j3NkeDePtThwMos8MpVeiwFtgQG+++eZ2d+6z31/4whe2nAMjTqzkQ0CYSkxqXIa1P0Fx0jUiFsSBN1F5nb322qs14OQt8CZKyAphrY997GPdeeed14oQhLCIg2MSKjvqqKOa4AmDGUfC38RTxt+2Cgze+c53Lo32BRynvJOOB7/yK7/ShIqAOC5/N/OJ9t9//605NuE2guw45XMci07XxMbx8Gp5aLYvjy+EMJ78D9kB3DnzTBQpDHkok9jZ5dHu1HkmFoLASDKEQmfuwIWdvPICPJ/GnTtj6i7eZwaTAS/cpRuHGBjLZ/sgUMuBh8EbQQkW70NnaIl4xtl+iQlvB/YhpyRU5tk2jp+X4nf9xnhgjsEjpokBiIjFMapocx7WJ7CFfQsT+t0+Kr/kGGzrnHg+wnCuk7G06dGexzFax7jG9JuwX40fkQlhOvlfspMgNNNCaX129hM23aW72y5PpSAUchgEiFHkETCmvA0ojuBpECHGVMIbwlWMLMNOKOp1dPxxKI0mFkJhxiJqEuyEo8SBwRYuq8+ETUiKGO23335b57XYN69F3oUwGUtYDTwZokmgfvRHf7QJgHO2DYTHnAd4Y64FkSIiPDX75enxmOR9eEi8F16L/AyBEvKzf9dQqM3ivetdOa0QwnjmQmjcca6npQzj0EJsLJMmfkLeRpVT37Nh6MctQ/vqLww441p5lP5vxEGoCIysz4SpIC4MNOPL2FuX8WXoR3FHXyEvhtb4dV0cp7GE3RQA3HTTTc17sP6Tn/zk7uijj27bEQbHWsdnTNRnECH7l+QXvhLWkishPM5ByM8rwbFfYxJA+++H93g/kvh+/6Vf+qXm0RGnEkLXynbEV3GCogFVZsZ/+ctf3irTeGKuD9HkjSk4cJ2cc+W0QgjjiUczI5YrNCYdLiIMMDHhRfEcCE7d/Vf12CQICg8IJZIS7+Wp8DSIEbEDwVDWTSDlmj7zmc+0haDKrZjgaVKofcvJCK8RCh6MVzhWImUf5bURQULnHIiUXE8dj/WWcy4hbHQiNDNgaILmOAiOarblrr9e4NXwTioPwqPoG+hJECQhtEc/+tFNsCqHw8jLsRAX3hdPA8JYxnzpS1/acisPechDWhiNh6JoQKLffBjHcfvtt7f8EW/mkEMOaduXqBijvDPHylMidrYXzhNKs89a3+8hhOlEaHYiJiSuVDRss3nz5rYMdZBebwhPVciPV6CEWAhrOdhOsp5oCJ/xVgphOEJUlWMQQuNx6GygYEA4jZioYFMRSDj8XYQXhQ2Nq3OCEms5Kx4Q+sJBTCyO3eROnQi0yFEA0j+PiE0I04nQ7AQIgzvdSQIjlKZgoJYhlNpajLPen4EjOY8Sm0rEg3czicp78Fz6iX1hMZTYlKdDEAiGMBghqEdOC7URJMLjs3wYL8kkTRVmwnmOq8Jv9Qr7dNwgekJ58j2VnwJvzRJCmEz+l+wADNc0gSEqZpZLZPeFZlyH6UJIbT2LzT777NNyKISGKBAXxh7liYyD8baunAgRqe14F8RB+IxolaHnPRGJI444ojvttNNa0r8adKoQ02aGEEGxgPcVIoPEPiokBmLXF5H6jfjY3ucSohDCZCI0K4AAEJhp7WhKVIb6q/luOWIjlFa5iPWE8FS/9Q6xYaAZZ+GrSViHF6JbtJBYGXnGn5cCHgaBqCo5+HsQFfkZ/d1e9KIXtSoxXgvRkvcxYZUHaptq1inHA2JVxyZcV0Jj/xUiq+OvpQQshDCeuRca/7HXYhmHlikEYBpCZccee+zEcYmNUmhipKnjEEJpxmK0GdLR8WqpO3R3/2WY6ztGs8JOkC+Ry5BQl8fQIqbyFGB4GVbho/JI+uLgOwvvoH/X7zjge9t++MMfbnNf9thjjzZvSMNKx2OsOjaL47UN4y8cRjx0FCAK8i/mzegkcMwxx3T3vOc92370ObOPKmV2/eROiIVxbOOcDz744O7II4/s7n//+7fqM3maa665poXYFCzYb4XM5IMqbKearHJDPKjaj/P12TXyXX0fQhhPPJopVHsZd8hExudxMHaeY2O58sorl76dDqGRbPY6RAmbVxMZeTmjD3ArI884ljG3EB7rylU4dpVbJRomM55yyintAWcMOvFwh85rMDGSwDDEDDYDTDR4BiUwJV5Kh7XzP+OMM1pIi8F2nJ4D47hqwqT9CX2ZpMljMY59Gtt2QmMMOC9Du5i3v/3t7VjK+PNu7FPHAaFI4uWz7QiLHm7OXR7Fa0FctPt3bvZDkByLv2ttH0KYHWmqOQGGmbgwSN5X2GYIIuNZK17HeSfoG8A+7pJ5LnIbk0TKMTiWiy666Iu6STPY5V1U8pynwLgq0WVMhYoYXcbVXBLnxlPwmSARI8dhXd9VWKpyGF4Zaoa8vCgTKk3O1DxTqIu4SJoTB7kTHhNxkVC3rZCXEBZPgPfiNwLis+M35hvf+Mb20DKVY/ZjLCXLT3nKU9rx6d5sToz9VcNMokikeCqOz7kbz2/GIMCEy2fb1L4POOCAzIUJYcZEaCbAiE8SFxAHnoY+WsthnNAUQmTExh33tJY2fpdvqMQ7sShj7ZXBZcB5MCU+PBdCqO2M/l7u7q3D6DLIBAElWgw0T8Zn773yRszUd94mnJpNT8QIg1YtxiZK9Z25K/ZrPz7zPlSGER37Y+jtw29ExMPXiJTzsRAoT8aszs9E4iMf+UgT3NpW+EslGaFx/tZzPq4B4RRy8zgC2zgHYkOodK8mXiWmIYSdz7oMnbmTZ5BrEdbaXvpjuLMfhcgwSuOocuVJ3sdKkbsRGqr8zTQc6znnnNMEpfINfeQi+iXFQlvCV4oMGFkQgipJhnCb8yculSfRtoWo8CYuuOCC9qqDMpFiuBlr6xECITrlxtq1gGA7BuEu4uj+xnhwzP4ep556avNa7NtYvCq/Pfaxj20tbGpd4lHhtPJWIBRXWKdEncA5X/skfjoGGIcH9/GPf3zrWCGE2TAXjwmYxNDhMayjCXkG2Z39UIVXH8az5qr06XsPfhtXslyGX6J/JUzzaIZwLPY37UmfxEauhJEV8pJPcdfu7p4xrfAUQRKu8r337vi98jIYZCgO4G0QEV7Ptdde24RFkt5vVa3lN/ty/WyvvLjERQiNMJmhb31CxlMTziNMKtN85zg8/4Xw8GRUjhECgsDrueKKK9rflngpYBCu85hlEzS1onFehIwnJdFf3lg/nFgoKHAerhFRVJlG4EIIs2NhhAa8jPI0xlGJ/T5CSf3n/bu7FhIa3YdyZEK2I5dsJUKD2idvYJwIKkKQc3Cn7nwUGHiWCsPOQyA2chfyGY6DgS6Mr2sxUdA8Ul5HpZaxeG2ve93rmkgTBh6EEBmxqKot3otGlFq9CNMx8uVhqXCzrTwOj0a4y/6IT/96EDzHSQT9JlRmzD333LPtx2++t54cleIDokeoCOTxxx/fZvsTF0JSOH8QMcIo7EYQHYunZWqeSdBCCLNhXQoNxnkdjK04/ThM4GNo+niezNA27nSrnf6kMfusVEiw3D8FI69aDIQTxFICnUAwyoynNiu8jQc84AGtMowB5kXwNIgFD4J3wPDzDBhi+Q7eAyP+8Ic/vAmV/IjnwTDeJS48HY8+Vs1FfHkzxrQOQagEPdEQevMb8WHcPd2TV0EACJd15H2cg2o115wg+E1uxbYEy/q8KOOqiuNFER7HTyiE2ojSOHgwtieAckHEz/Ervw4hzI51KzQY53nIbwyF0IZCT+Wl7CxWQ2iGqG2JyajQMMIMtTzHpk2bWl6KcSc0jLV8i+owoTIG3vYaSf7CL/xCM+pm2L/3ve9t4sGQEyshLI9LJgbGIzCMvtfyJuzD/iXziQ+EzoTAQDjkTOR0iCeR5JGa70IQqlAAPDEC4XvIOxnb946Ld2a/xGYctq98jHN0LKrwnHMIYXasa6HBOM9G6EgoqBiX3+jnZnYG8yg0DCyvgoemTUvBwDPkQmMe/FU5EPNUhMLkRlSzXXfdda0Fv3Hd/Zt5T2BGISwlDHBM9o/ycsbB2yASvJchCKWFmEwaZxJEqUQwhLB6rMuqsz7ugIcYzcOMy+lsFNy1M+TyGUJkvAkGmzhopX/CCSc0Q0xkGGPeRVWl8YROPvnklgNRbFAi0xdG4wqN9SG68im8DSLR/91n28ArERM+G0d5LcTRuiuB4NrWvvv4PoQwO9a90Ah7DSX/xd95MdVZeRQiI8S2EZDnkOCXMGewiQ6jzcsoseh7YtapfEsZde+NI/Skms31JQxCawy1cWxXRlwYrbCt8axXvxMd68OrsYXRCuMRIOLn1fGVcBmrwnKEx6vjrKT/OJyv/Tpmobci5c0hzJZ1LzRQKTU0G58XMxRWk9jfKCIDZcLyERYwtgy4cBXBUZ125plnNkMsNMagExHbMcIKBBhn28mRKCawCMfxkqzD+Htl7I1LHMpjATER1iMQxiqRKWxbYS3CQaiM1R8DtrOe43acBMlrfTcJ+3f8ckbG6XtkIYTZse5zNP3fp80zAUFS2jqrsBmjt1J25E9R247L0cDER4vvHGfNWan5MSrKeBZESGsalW08CGMz+OPyJ31sa39l9Bn00WtSHhDhshi31veZwDgP2/a3t83oWEPfLZcd2TaEsHwWSmgwTWyq/HlWBmZHxt2RP0VtOyQ0Hlusk7K7fmJibgxPhKfCsPMmhNZ8NsFTxZnt9UOrBL/1KvRVXgWBIEC+d97lZRR+s7117WMUYzpW4/Wry4w7eh2NZd/Os/Y/ivGc/zhM6uTR1L6E3bAcbyiEsHLmXmimMXT4ym2HkMupGf2TDNJ6xHUwt6UmHqoYMxdG2TDjWgZcJ2UhL5MxtY9Rmec3htacGiXFZtcrXSY6PBwGfMiw9yEohEBYCqPX1+8Mu/1U25t5Ytp/g0k3EJO2rfCfxXquSwnvtH+Dk8bdkRuaEFabhW2qOeTVKOMtFu0/qvNh1OpunQdz4403NvFh5Bh5ORi/m03PiMmlWKrNDJExDuHhzVQRhe+mGUUiQ5C8EhXb2AfvA0SOCK1Xz8E1xPb+uylRcd6uvdchj2172dHtQ1hNFuu2foNTYsAoChNZVFcxbF6VLHsImDJls/p/8Rd/sbV4Ud4sQS+kxoBdfvnl3eGHH97EmngQC+JDQOrOvISl7tgZ0WohU5MqrWe7yhNZ39KvSFsvOMdaJnkaozjf/vreG8N1cU1C2AhEaBaIyoMQhOrYzNARAMjP6O1lxj+B+bmf+7kWXlN1Zp4MkSAgxtGwktjwdsA4EhUQI+/LaJbAmfAp7GaCp98YUuE3k2IZVutZKry2nuCJ8E6IrvOvc3e9JuF8+96H974zTnl7ISw6Cyk0enUNlTsvMgSF5wJG0OcycsJmXvsz74kAD0YbHzz/+c9vIsRwWnglcjY1iZJRLAMJwuE9A2xs+3vLW97SyqR1kSZknitz0kkndaeffnrLGSk2QP+x0esR50pkvFqWi78L+mKzPfhbVW+7ENYTCyk0O7N32XqBwSsRYcAsPBPegzyMAgltZYgNb6dCXuUFQd8vYsAT8swaYlRC426+XxBAjIgNowljaVZ60003NYN4/vnnt47Pl1xySeu0zNPRoNP4yqrXG0RZKJJIqpQrT66u+TisaxuenYmuzt1324trqjP1Sp69FMJas5BC4z+lmesbibpbBgNoIQw8DqKiO7PHLKv4IkJeJft1SmZAFQ54CFhRjSarBBh9o0rY5HUYXNhX5RyE4ITpagzHInxnkqequKFODfOOar3qhCA06fzrOk+CuAgp6jatWainiPrOOMulRKbwmIwQ1hMLKTRa0Q/h7ruWRYOY8FzAa6jEfnk3jKNJmdbj5bjL9rAxyMPI1eiWcL/73a/1MvPYY48X0ECTiFmMU++rZUyJDw/Ho6F5SEqqiQ0j7DPREYrjSREjxzBvuFaum1feh3P03lwkj3v2qAQl4bpXazDq/PxOMHRQ8N7i3IiQ9/4eijpt45ELBx100NaWScTHtbDuuKWutQ7lfRRpEPhxi21DmCcWch7N0MPN0O/UzBAsElXJRUQYm/POO689Z8ejACqMtttuu3UPfOADm1fByFnXXbZtPZ+F91KCwBvx4DGhr3G4hgSM2Fg++tGPdu95z3vad/YltEbQ7J+xNTeHh2V/9j1vEA2hRULjGjnWE088sT2wzb8z/36cM9HZtGlTEx5i2z8f19W1JkbXX399y1u58SHMysddZ2KuNRIRX86/wyEPsB61MIQxp3laIawmCyk0GJq0uehCwzAy6jCPRvny2972ttYZgIdDQMq7IQzVcoYYKU8ubwQHH3xwK4UWbhuHa2i/Xt3h1x21ccrgurv2vub3oH6bN0oweCIlHG5Y5JhcJ+fmGjrfZz3rWe0x0EKScE7lLRLss846q3vDG97QPD0ej4mxwosVnuSlHH300YP/DjWC7TPUr6+EptbVUqlyk8aM0IR5YmH/Nbqb7+MBZ4tMX2TgyZEeUMboMHyMJGPvjt16vhM6s515LgyTUJncjYo9rXyEwqZhexAvlIDwZmDcvsigX1Qwjzhei+vkuoGnp0DCDQxR4b0RpsINj/Utbmg8KE4uxnWpMGJfVFz7oRCifEw9Y6mWITw3yEJoLMJpowIVwrywsEKjn5n/8LUseiUaA8d7qCQzAdhrr71aE03JfkbROtrPuAv3QDOPDZC3gfDMoYce2l144YXdueee2+27777Lqo4yJkMK+7B/+2NEKyfjrr5+837oLn4ecGwo8SSIBKaO1/WtAgfVY7fffvtWsSEk5QUpCycyIOzE27VwTYTkjCcvVmLcZ1KfvkkQGSIVwjyysC1opjGvxm5HcE4MHwPJ8DGY8gJyLYRWjuQRj3hES24//vGPb9VLHmrmN92aPa+fF3Sf+9yneSbyK2U8h2A4qxjAq20cAw9JqMn+CZFjcUwMeR3bPOLaEU3H6bgh5yTcRWScl+MnpN67trwcngXPp7bxdFcLUS+hUmjgvG3DyyH2rn9dv4JYrFRsjCeEZn+L+O87rF8SyF0Q6m7cHTODxpjxWhif5z3vea3S6QUveEFrPSMJrdSYYWToDjvssPbkzLo7B++j7t6XA0MrfERc6tECwnMMcuE3d/YrmUeyGlS+z7m7foTUe8frWpXHSFy8f9e73rU1/OVca3u/EWnXhOfiGvNenLu/k2tCeMoT7LPSx1doFlsNY0OYN9a90NTd2/Yui0b/zpjQyDH4rsJA5m8UZuvzXngzL3vZy5oBBGGC+SLVRWDo2tXSz72U5wJC43ev7ugL4xGvIQPbh6Eet8ySOn7XzLmV92W/5a3x/lSbwe/a+WjXQ1j87vXqq69uvwufKWk+9dRTmydJpIQSTYyta1fXshZCU+HeeqTFKHJo/bCwxU2EY7UYJ4R5Ih7NBqEMm7tpkweLBz3oQS3M5W68Evq17rx6HmuBcJk8lhDjE57whBZSNIlTxZ5rV9eKkSfcvnNtVadpiaTc22+8RlVtRKcEfhxEhtiMMiQ+IcwzEZoNgBCOhDSRkTuQrPZZOKfKc4WAKnRWQlPCE7aEJoUliYaFt0ZceDAekV3els+uM8+Cd6LtD4FyveuaG4vXxCMKYSMQodkAMHyMHONHZNydC40RFxM2vRKjMnwVepkW4tpICPnxQngqhLiuEW9Qt2rCA1V8Qo/WqbDlbbfd1sqZK7zoOgtTlqBvLyvN44SwVkRoNgAV1ulXVJWRM3v9zjvvbIaTGKHKbldqCBcRAiGxL8eickybHteTQOtEUaLiqaWExrXk3QiPqVzTULTyJ5btubZaA/VZ9FL9sHhEaDYAdfcNBq4S29AJQMUUI1hUBVv4AvIqRIXnYpa/EnFJfbP+CYt5NWbrK012bXmMvBbb3HHHHS2fw5MhVBZepm2XA2ER8pSvGcrZhDDvRGg2ABXWYfQYQUJSYrLHHns0gykkVHmGEiECFLbg2rhmlbcyJ8njrkFAbr311vbMHSEyQq7aTsflCrnxbHiS5S2qwHPNlwtxUwSQQoCwHonQbABq0iXhYOhqIUDi/ZLVjF4VA1Sp9HLvuDcCCgGEIJUSQxUZoSEe3guNvfvd727X0PUmPqrOIAdWIl7ios8cgQ9hIxChWRAYsHELGEh31pUnIC7CN+7ShX0YR5+tX/kGLWp8rhyPu3khIOPA9+MWhrXCRKPYj+/r2Nzt150+jG9fGoPKIfmtv/4scMy8EMfGI4Fro0sC4fU9sSlxcH6+5yUSjTe96U3twW/yNsRm//33b+spttCt2bbOyRwcEz7rkQ7+FrNYQpgnIjQbBNVRWtpLYrsL16eL4ebV1KRKBqoqq1SmmXBY3g/kd+Qd5B/AqI5bbGMcYzLK3hML4zPENcERxIs3cOmll3YvfvGLm3fw5je/uXWf3rx5c3fMMce0HIXjnhWOmRfiOHl+vBDHJYdFcJy7a1VJfMK86667tm08EsA5EXGi6ft6lLjycYKkE4BrakydtJ1/CBuFCM0GgQFkFHV1lpdhNEt0fA9CpKKKABATbWoY3gr7jDLqxfQXY9ZckfKieArGJXo1JgNsJr3n51Qn4hNOOKE7/fTTWzWXijgi9Na3vrV5DLOmCiV4KoTRK8rLq8+ulbyJRzA4X7kYvc2IFJGpsJnzrJAkqvcZ8XJtQ9gIRGg2AO6eGUp31oyjxzdXC3uG0YRDho+3wZBayiMhRETJZ78TBmEk27q7H7eUV2BcBpsxtp1Xn4WP7Oc3fuM3mrhce+21Wx9b4Hgr9yEPUrPqxwnezsCxgdAQDB6LEmWeDpyHh5Y5RhBhITEPkoPQWF0z19gx82AqLOl3YuRaeu88lUuHsBGI0GwAGHZGk7Fm4PTeuvjii5sn8fznP7/dgRMhBpCBtxAEd+LEwG/loVjHXTkxmQTPpcSN8WawbefVd4TKfsDjsY6QEwHy+GQVXBbH6eFtp512Wnvswazol3eDaBDV8kYcr2PvryfPpfTYMRPr6idX4uP8ndMzn/nM9tgFwqLUWX7GtSDEIWwENuxjAjYS7qyFxMzzkE8gLHItHnTmDp1oyBswgIQEjKrviQIIToXYjOfxxO7qGeShhYFWgGB8BtXdfEHweEdeP/ShD3U33HBD8wSE1HgWJVJVJMCrYZht4/tZUOeGOjbi53gch+ujMeZznvOcdnxEiHi7Xs6vPCJ90KwjtFbXrMrHPSzNWARTsYC5OCW224vjC2G9sO4f5Ry2MOnPWEbJU0Y9eVSORuhMtRQhIBg8GHffBx54YDPsjGclvxlHRrPEwnPw3/jGNzaDOw7hIhMZhZyM9+hHP7qF7CqsZlvC1n+KpN8ZbAlz+aNPfOIT7fsLLrigdUFWbs2LmCUVQhQ+g3Mws193ZN7fiSee2L7XmFRVHj75yU+2xzYTck00PYaB0PIkeTnyNc75lFNOaevwgqzj7zCJ5fxNQ1gPRGgWBAbaXb87bQJRd+gMou+UCV9++eXtrprnwFNRUSWXUCEfd+fm1TzykY/sHvOYxzQD6Z8Hw+uV0BAkyXqGte7ifc9jIlru5BlY4qTTsbAXHvKQh7Tw0Utf+tK2nf0TK8bX+PWIZB6Mz/bjeAiSMd/+9rdvfYzBLJj23+CWW25pQkyAKm9jG8fb94ZG8fskeE0hLDoJnS0IjJ1kuTtngiOXcOONNzZv4ZJLLmkVWxUSEvqyHq+Dl8CAEgHG3zbu4ImVx0Abk2F1p19GkdE1nnXcuds3T6WKDuQzKrdjfEIkRGT2vLCdjsbGkq/wLBdCWF6TfAfRcTyOUQKeQefd8Gb8thY4fufhWpQ34bhcn0nhr2kFDCsNnYWwnojQLAiMH0PPgDOGROXCCy9svbHkSuQYGHTzOng0DDqPpeZ7MOQ8EoIC25swKY9AuBhVwsEwegYLD4nhleB2l68CSwjOhETje49Pf/rTTSBsZ/Ii8RA64q0oXeZVMcYEi/ApF9be5YgjjmjHzQNzTsTNI5M9lnotkI8hqP2QlWvic/+7IWqdoWW0CCGERSRCsyAw1jyCypsQDaXDnnfP+Ms1QEiMEZfY3nvvvVtOgdfBoDN6vA0G3eMEJOp93nPPPdu2wkDEhtCoCKt8i6ICj4yWdyAE5ups2rSpGVLj2IYoyb3IDcnNEBNiQ+iICzGSJD/kkEPa9vbJkDtuAkr4iOSTnvSkdiyrjXMpXGe4XtOEoi8q45YQFp0IzYLAYFVFFmN+zTXXtDCY94SDUZeQP/TQQ1vFEwO/++67NwMuCU8oGHxlujfffPPW4gDiwOhXhRnPxDNXlEYTAt896lGP6g4//PAmHlq2WFeiXBGA8JoQmf3wWIgGr4nY8XzkX4TD7ItI8bLkYuRrHDOREsozrv0RxrXA9XWuiiQqXLYcb6QvKOOWEBad+O0LBgOtXPjiiy9uHgl4Kw996EM79xRyHwy9u3LCxNgLe0nWP/vZz24iVMLCC7npppta2IpRFToyfmEM3xujKrAqxCbnoqz3uOOOayIi12J9RQM8FmMptRbaO+ecc7p3vvOdzfsqTHR0nAwxr0YV2lomzuWdiIxzcI7LZVRURpcQNgIRmgWhqpsIgSoyiXcwzkJn2stXPkYxQN2NM/wMpxCY74S8iIMwlZ5jjL3yXRAH+ymDb33G0t29MRhjAuN3nktR+7KtXAwB8vrBD36we9WrXtWdddZZ3fnnn99Kr88444yW95FnUnCg9YyxHYe2+2uFc3RexNl1qHMKIUwn/1sWhPJSJPWFtiBsZTEH5IADDmgGW0EAQ1liIaRFICT8iZTveRwPfvCDm7GXBPe9dWAfRMQYjK51fJa4r5CS74gJ0SEkRI/H4xiJDe9JGI2XwnMylnEVC1x22WWtC4DQ3JVXXtn6nBlPOE259FpR18ziPYF1PS0hhMkkR7NAMH7mrVx00UVNHIS0VJvts88+Lf/Bi2C0GUrhLaGgEgbbEgYJftsJdcnzWI9YyZFUJ+IPfOAD7TfrEio5GNVl9qWU2v51DjD3xeI3OR8iIzQnREfYeFpeiRSviadlPePp1qwqzb4VMLzoRS9quaZZ4fwnLUMMrTe6hBDi0SwMvAWiwWOxEARC4I6b6DDg5ZX4DTwR68BvvIqCKNnWHbzciTBaTbSUpCdOcjhCb/atKabQF2HhjZjQ+frXv77lWqxHxOSCDjvssOb5GMfy1Kc+tbVsUYgA6xEv4qQazn5UsyksCCGsTyI0CwLjDYJBWIgOzwXEgMFGX0xqG5R3U9R7YkMQ5CT66xtbXoeXQUAIk7Jn8H5sX9sROe1u5FhUqN33vvdt4xIhHo1KuOOPP77lkWwrzFfl1/vtt18TId5Quh2HsD6J0CwIlZwmKHInDDlPA8JP8D2xKLFh5OE765cYgUjIzxhDzqYaWxIyAmN91WB6d/nOPBhdi3lAci1eTcy0HpE48sgju+c+97ntGIiQ76pgwL4e97jHtXW0pPHwszPPPLN1NdDupjoJ9I8vhLB+iNAsCDwMRl1yvea88DIIkLkxxKS8nBKaEiC/MeREACZUCl9Z12+er8ILMRZRMW6NQXSE34S/hM6UUfvNYt1qiW8ypuS/8JvvYVwQM/vR8ubggw9u+7K+3JJKOcft3MrLCiGsLyI0CwJDLGQmlGXxXr6DmJjwKMHuuxIkSFaXAS9vgUCpXFMiLVTlM4GxHXgfIAxCcvIvPA5dn03YlOg/6aSTWtLfOPZJiHR81tLG8SgaqGOA/RC5Sp47bmJm2zqPqo4LIaw/IjQLAkHgGZhpbyEEciMExEx/VWSM9hD9CikeiPY15QVViKs6NRME3g98z/jzoHgtBEPpsg7Nxx57bBMHGEffNWJTn8ubsg3Bqs8E0fH7bD8WIbz+OiGE9UWEZkHgdTD2Wrhs2rSpJegl+OG9yY9EA7wTIS8QGCJU+RLNNs3DUWnmvTEZeIKgAab1tYwhMMqdfeblmDdTHhP0XKucDWGBOTFEzJyaEj3b1zaESclzCGGxiNAsEJU3ETp7+MMf3lq/CEFpbOmhZ+a+8HIYduJRxl5OhNcgXCYJz/MgLCAYxhIek2MhDNUpgPAQLGXIXvt5Hl6OB4URFd6R33hLZ599dqtO87nyOAXB6ofUQgiLQYRmQSAAfQ/G/BRhLPkNRt28FOErVV08GPS9Db9fddVVreUL70aoyng8JNVjBQGSe+FBVXLeGPYvTFfeCSEzZ6ba+pvZT+RM5jT7n8DYpvYPY0ZoQlg88oTNBcGfkagw1oy8MNkrXvGKNqPeTP8qSfZe00yvjDyx8RROZcoExhhyPX5XFab3GOEy54V3ctttt3Unn3xy6w5AKIS7dG7mCREZ+yBQxuUx8V789o53vKONy0Pi9bz2ta9tz9e3ru3Ku+FZhRAWi3g0CwKjX94EvNev7OlPf3rzQgiAdYS7aub+r/3ar7V+Yh5iphJMdVhVmZnTIqdSz4WRq4HwmXwM4bFNdRyo593Yh3GIinyMRxBs3ry5jUtUCI2WM3JGIDrWrfxRCGHxSK+zBUIoiyfB2EMoS3JdjsWESwLCa+FpSOjL5fBkeEC2U1nmlUAJedmGABhXKK3GlJMhTr6Ti9EixpwXXkmJnfeqx+xTnoin4j0PyKIc2n6qrQ1xqhyN9UIIi0NCZwtCeSwFgeh7OIy759N87GMfa+35zWmRlzn11FNbJ2UNLRl9DSy1fYGQmr5mxMc6vBatZFSkHXXUUU1IzKMxWdMjn3k3xILICMvZhhdjHBVqcjPnnXdeazPDy/FsHN4NsbIdHEN5TyGExSBCsyBM+jMSHYacp8DwKwZQwkxcPOly3ugLZggbhbUyxavx/y1CsyBM+jNK8MuFVOkx4VFqLKS12267te/miQhN2IhEaMLcM01ohL/kQUaZxz9/hCZsRCI0Ye6Z9Gfs/+YfVf8f1jz++SM0YSOyVv8XIzRh2Uz6M9Y/JEn6StSrJJOzmccKrwhN2IhEaMLcs9w/4+g/qnn880dowkYkQhPmnkl/RvNmeDBVQtwnQhPCfND/v6jzxvve9772/v3vf3+rEPUE2iGOO+649pDASZjn5gm3eh72W0ohQhOWzaQ/Y/Uiq8VMfIswmrku80aEJiwq08yt380x07KJgHjchia2hMR3ffxuYrXuG9bx+6jgvOY1r2mvROr8889v8+Y8TNBDCuvBg6sRPo/QhBDCKjHJ3PpNyygezMMe9rDWHqogIgSoj67oo3ikeh/r9Pf5jGc8o40P4/NuqjnuLEmvjxBCmAM0we2LwCy44oorlt5t2d9qEaEJIYQ5oMJe43IxOwvhOBA1z6haDSI0IYSwxvRzK3Ios0RYrhjN+8yKCE0IIawxfYNfSfpZ0a86u/XWW5fezZYITQghrDGeWrsWfOpTn1p6N1siNCGEsIZMmwMza1Zj/xGaEEJYYPpz6Grp52mUP49bdhYRmhBC2GD0hWY1iNCEEEKYKRGaEEJYQ2Y9b2aIfpWbVjazJkITQghryKznzQyx2lVuEZoQQlhjpnkVmmaOMtpCRsfnUYa+67Na3lSEJoQQ1hht/It+WxhCoVHmUAmy76qJptenPe1p7X0f34022uyLz2p5U+neHEIIq8Qkc0sU9B9j/K+//vqlb7+AsuSVMLrP6hANjxF44hOf2N7Pkng0IYQwB5x22mlNZORPZtWDzLglMsJ1qxU6i0cTQgirxCRzW7/tt99+3T3ucY8mBP2+ZDvq0cjz7Lvvvu39VVddtXXsPPgshBAWiOUIzThB2FGhIWC8pf6YiNCEEMICsRyhgYR9hbjq+TE7KjSq1HQE6IsMIjQhhLBALFdohthZxQCjrIbQpBgghBDCTInQhBDCHLBSj2U9kNBZCCHMAWsVOlsNgYtHE0IIYaZEaEIIIcyUCE0IIYSZEqEJIYQwUyI0IYQQZkqEJoQQwkxJeXMIIYSZEo8mhBDCTInQhBBCmCkRmhBCCDMlQhNCCGGmRGhCCCHMlAhNCCGEmRKhCSGEMEO67v8Dzl9KBZAQzGkAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)whereY
is a nucleofugic group;M+ is a cation;R2 is hydrogen;R3 is a nucleofugic
group; and each of R1, R4, and R5 are as defined above;(b) contacting the
boron “ate” complex of formula (II) with a Lewis acid under conditions that
afford the boronic ester compound of formula (I):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)where
each of R1 to R5 is as defined above, said contacting step being conducted in
a reaction mixture comprising:(i) a coordinating ether solvent that has low
miscibility with water; or(ii) an ether solvent that has low miscibility with
water and a coordinating cosolvent, provided that the coordinating co-solvent
constitutes no more than 20% v/v of the reaction mixture;wherein the
solubility of water in the ether solvent of (i) or (ii) that has low
miscibility with water is less than 5% w/w; andwherein the ether solvent of
(i) or (ii) that has low miscibility with water constitutes at least 70% v/v
of the reaction mixture;(c) treating the boronic ester compound of formula (I)
with a reagent of formula M1-N(Si(R6)3)2, where M1 is an alkali metal and each
R6 independently is selected from the group consisting of alkyl, aralkyl, and
aryl, where the aryl or aryl portion of the aralkyl is optionally substituted,
to form a byproduct of formula M1-R3 and a compound of formula
(VIII):![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAP0AAAB5CAIAAAB9drBlAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAABKsSURBVHhe7Z1/TFX1/8ex7ycrl7AJZSDXtTUlTGeTcsDKJpnBpssMdNkmGhJ9Z6bQj2VWIJPSFHDL6gao0R+mYuYPJlDTVpvKH8I0yQLWmsIHp0ALaFqW9nlynu/79njuBUku13vveT3+uLzer/M+73Mu9/l+n9f7xzln2D///BMiCDbjFvVXEOyE6F6wI6J7wY6I7gU7IroX7IjoXrAjonvBjojuBTsiuhfsiOhesCOBp/t/bpTc3Nzp06e3tLTAVmUJdiWo2nvq2yNZWVmlpaWNjY3Qvcot2BhbxDk5OTmVlZUqIQghIYG3HtNywmjIIyIiEhISYHNTU1PT+PHjZ82aZWzvJTo6WlkhIbt27ULmYcOGqbRgSwJb90ePHk1NTVUJE6GhodOmTVu/fv3IkSORPHXqVHV1dVFREeyNGzempaWJ7m1OQMY5kD5R6ZAQNOFoyIHT6YTd3d2NwGbFihXMFhsbi+bf4XAg55kzZ8w7CvYkSOL79PT0eAPoG9JH5ANnXV0dt4Jx48aZox3B5gS27ru6upRlIjw8HCqHcfvtt9MjCBYCW/c//PADjfr6enx2dnaWlpaWl5cj7kfywQcfNDYKgpWA1D16pRp6SkpKEMZMnjx59erVq1atggdR/oYNG25xgZyM7xH6G3sItiZI4nsAoVPZIDk5uaKigoM5GlQJdHzz8vJUWrAxQaL73NxcCL2ysjIqKgrJY8eOnT17lps0qAbo+KqEYG+CRPeRkZH4RI+2qqoKRkdHx3PPPdfT02NsFAQrAal7jsoT5TJActSoUQUFBbCbmppeffVV5gHwsD9AjOyCfQme+F6zcOFCDtWfOHGitraWTqV3F3QKtiWwdR8WFqasa0EXNiIioqWl5ciRI8olCCYCcn2O+Zzz8/Pb2tqcTidss7++vv7LL79cs2YNk9LMC2YCXvdmysrKuru7ExISOG5jFrroXjATkHEORUyUy6CioqKoqAifeq5Ko3L4K6zMGuUVhozg6deiC8tlC3JHlXBdgnA8RxCui+hesCOi+xtEReJewlxgYWFhbm6uShjwiIIXCTzdq46qGw6HIzQ0VGUyUBtcKK9fQnH39PSkpaWha15aWio3wg8pwdPeR0dHP/DAAyoRmOzevZt3DghDTfDoHoq5KaJBI40WGmRlZfEcOjs71TYX2FpRUcGtyFZTUwOjqalJbTaora3dtm2bSghDTMC/102fP5TEZyvwHnMYQxrb8LiQeFJSUkdHB52aWbNmffLJJ7QRsUDrtC1ERERUV1dHRkaihMmTJ8ODk8cXgYHd9aNQ/DxIC0SkXztQIHQz8ED0zz77LEWPrsUrr7wC1Rp5e7W+atUq93u7cgwQj7Ergn15H8ymTZvwCWdmZmZMTAxsy9VA8DLqZwxYrpiYOnUq2s65c+cyqXJ4CZapOXPmzKRJk3C4GTNmbNiwQXmvXNmxYwf94MCBA/Ds27ePycsuTp8+ffLkSToBisI5q4QLFAI/y1RnIHiPoGrvffmkkI8//pgt/csvv4wmnE6Qlpa2ZcsW2mVlZTQs4DxHjx6tEiEhd9xxx+zZsxHVADb2YPjw4fDTFrxO8Oj+1KlTXKfgmzvHGxsbabg/tWHKlCkMeFpbW+kh6LlqFixYQCdC/PDw8PT0dAT0gAEPyM3NhZ+24HUCT/fqQuVGVVUVFQ/1FxmPBFQbPGGU9K9ROxs0NzfTOWbMGCRpW7CsFEK3W8MqCtHjtFkgiY2NdTqd48ePR+Whh/sK3iUg23sKgiBZU1ODRpdaJ4WFhVlZWdCWymSgtt0oqhQXegwHNg3NwIdftm3bhlBeJVwg2jl06JC7X/AigR3n5OXlIVbOyMjQKly0aBGHSiorK2fOnJmUlIT4h5t8Ca88lnm0b7755r8G8+bNo4etvuB7AlX3paWl6EHqjmNUVBRiA8TTBQUF6Fby+ZigqakJkTQuBe6PFRkkFRUVND777DMamvr6egrasm4CZ0hD6z47O1vWI9wUAlL3OTk5q1ev5vwOSE5OXrp0KWIDJtGn/Pzzz/HJx0jhUgDdp6SkDLLhx+7QK8rk6E18fDxr17p169BPNbL0gmxffPEF7fnz59OwgHPT0i8vL6ch+BIP87UWT09PT0NDQ1hY2IQJE/QmtKO//PILm1vIDhd090cy4RedO3fuyJEjb7mlz9p1+fJlZRlhcT+RcWdn55o1a9COmmMDqOfxxx9HQMyk5cx///33xYsX6+oBoNQ5c+aYH5mGYvsZNuH5IM/rr79eXV1NJ0Csgk98wTfffJMeSDkxMRENfG5urvZs3boVX1/P11qGd3C94rnhWxQXF/fz3QXvA61Y4FyJhlMqnAyCTM+fP793797emZVrQQan02lMy/SCYAPOlStXwlbleuLvv//OzMycNGnSuXPnkJNHJBAQSjh8+DCTcXFxxnGuYp4tIsaRr0Lnvn37LLNC69evZwZ8F+UygfPBF2QG7m45tPm4lpI1+OIqh2veCt+RZZrhDBc+kU39RwSfcB3d//TTT8bvGLl8+XIk8VOhBaXHIzNmzPjtt9+QraSkhJ7Tp0+rcj3x/fffM9vDDz8MFfKgBPqDnyLr6upiNrJjxw7msWBo6SrKa+wOKcfExKj9XVOnqAAq7cb27dtZgkpHRmJ3nAwufSyToGR8U54qwT8KzbzabICqi+qBc+ZBzeAoOIeTJ08im/qPCD7hOrrXvyjbXVyp2UShCfzxxx/Vr3f5svkKoFtThB9MqnI9gfaeewE08DwoMese1Q9JHBoCOnbsGDO4w+NqlNeAHpaJQpjUusfXwQUK38KsYHxB7KibZH3luWF4UI9gq/qPCD7Bs+75Y+g2+4033oBAwWOPPYbk1KlT0TYzjwZdSWY+cOAAMzPUAeYaAgwNKJBkHvL2228zD6AEWYtUbk+ok/aEyuEJHkJfu5gkuGTRCaEjicaYTTJstbMn1CENlMsTKoeBcrlQXsEn9DeeU1hYiE/0Wfn0JTT2XCSIDpl7XxDOQ4cO1dTUzJw5kx79vD5zz9KCfnQrh/zQUTZPPw016KkrywW6sDTQK2VPHXlycnLccwoBTX+65+SLHoS+ePEijcTERBoANaHSoLm5edy4cRZ9cLSOL2LwiB6cef/99/kIb+gepdHpM5566qkXDVJSUnhK0D03CUFJn7p3H+3mS6MsQNNUzJw5c6ByyMU8SWmZuCGoKu5P6I6IiFi6dCltPRLvM+rq6lh729ra6OnnGiUEAR50zwDI4yvTLCCbXoKLiwO0gljonnvuoQfoOoD4oba2FmEPmD59+iOPPNLY2IjduZWkp6eztJ07d7711lu+bPXRBXc6nfgEnI3Cd8EJGzMKV2FmIQjoL85xh5pg3E8QBEMiLS0tet7eHPrrBYkLFix4/vnnYTB+6OjoWLZsGQxcEFgm0RHUp59+SkMprm+YzSMqhydUDhcUPT4BqhydqH4q9wDgLkS5PKFyGCiXC+UVfMK/0z26qviE0NGLRXPIXiCacAT3OjAwP5tbV4bi4uIlS5YUFBTAg2sCrgMIo9Gioz9gDp9Qi7hVpYeY/lfq979VCGj61D3kqK/4elFXdnY2G2w4U1NTMzIy/t8gKSlJj8M8+uijNDRoSjkqgkgGScj93Llz3ITKoyuMhpcCH6B71fn5+TTQUVmxYgXtadOm0RCCjz51j3Bl3bp1tL/++msaYMuWLWi8WSV0d5CbUCUg7rlz5zKpNc0X75CamhpoC3EOGvW+xkxQT3ST77Fn7C2Sk5Np8DWgQH8X9NFZS4WgxPO6NDoRxqSkpLS1tUVFRVVVVZkDd1wBsImr3se70H1coPeFX4/PQFUQPe0TJ06wQHhQQw4ePIikDnOxO5d8fWI8jcPr4S+/YFNTE/sqWu4AtXHSpElcXiZhd9BClZu5YppR13OuevXBANFzvTDoWb58OT3uRXE2FHDm0h11Zt5DletGe3t7V1eXSsgcavBynX4trvVcxe4ehfcPh0ERpTz55JMw0J3duXOnsaW3lUVnALBbDPxhNhRnGBsbi69peduzEJRcfzynvLwcAXdfsXhfILzBXrhcIGhG8sKFC/QDBBXU/b+tS0PKjh07uru7+3qwmRBk9BffkxuIcS1lMoneMJOgrKwMVSI+Pn6AhQ9RfE9o67tAeE8JGeBxLd/XjPQQ/JPr3281eN0jUFaWgbnAfm7F8hk8Pa17vVRh4IjuA46bL7tgxet3sgteRHTvTbKzs8e4eOihh27KI0yEgSC6V3AygWuhb4z6+no9ZgXQrTc/BFPwKwL++fc3hvlbaxvN84QJE/qKyC3/KHM2buKsnMPhQA9eP13CHzowgjui+167vLxcTyZA0ByEZZLU1NQ0NDSohAF1HxoaOn/+/DvvvBM2CjHfYRMREYGaMHbsWJUW/Am76x7S3L9/v3mdAklISHj33XdRAZhEvE7DHeTkstP8/PySkhIYcXFxp0+f7ujowCb9DCnBr7C17hHYPPHEE/QAyBStPu8hBmjL9+7dS+lr3T/gelUJaG5u5golXBycTieMnJycefPmIcjZvHkzV/jcwKio4AugABtirL65+tSnzMxMLhAC7e3t+kFREDRzMmnOZvYDeFpbW5GBT5o4fPgw/ep4gp9h314XZMqJquTkZLbWJDw8vLq6mguh6+rqkA2GbuMR1hMmCa8JH374IeKlBQsW1NbWoj8Aj17nLPgb9tW9HnNcsmQJDQ2kv3HjRtq8N4XVALLWd8QjpucbCAE7wQsXLkT1QP7U1NTS0lJ4+DgJwQ+xr+6PHDmiLE/oJaL6nixy//33G7NSY1asWMHgHr0C3niAVn/Pnj36duG8vDyuRRX8EBld9ozHqVZoGioHWtwOh2Pr1q20AaR//Phx490O/0Wsr7yC/2FT3aNnA/mqxLVRO/s9erSekf3EiRPxGR8fj/AGoD9Af0tLy5kzZ3rzCQGFfdt7fVekfmaJ5uzZs/qeYEb/3333HZMEFWCL62Wd+s2EQgAhcU6vpouKinSHtbW1Vd86rGdt9Vs7NZA+aw5yJiUl0SkECjadt7pirLnnbV/0IOxZtGjR/v37mwzgQRBfXV0dabxXEMqm9DmsqXnxxRc517tr1y69JofxEjHbgv9g0/beCOaHvWJAz9GjR7OysiBiih7hu/klm6NGjcInmn/uCOhHVaGB3dWGa+FWwd/4P/PLnmwImnlENXfffTcacj4gDdELnGvXrr3vvvu0cNGvbW9vh3PEiBH0kOjoaIfDceutt65cufK2226jU+Tu/8h6zGuw+PtRcD85Rff+j/RrBTsi7b33kfb+X4HfwvxzmG38Jwd4445lL2X1jU11b8byHxDV+oBLly4pC11MA5W4FmPl69U3HPcDuljKEt0PENG9b9D/51OnTlneKpKYmGi+8yEsLIwZuIvD4dAvUgCWJED+0aNH8w5pMJBfUOJ7wUeg5T5//vwLL7zwzjvvtLW1pbr4888/L1y4AKF/++23zzzzTFlZ2V9//fXSSy/Bxlbk/PXXXw8cOMDMmzdvRhLOrKwsJJctW9bQ0IBik5OTuap8oKBK2RzeQaJRXsHb/PHHH+np6RMnTvz5558vXrz49NNPG3fmRLa3t0P64Pjx43DShvqxCUlUCcLMu3btYnLt2rVIZmRkoCiwdevWmJgYFDXAX1Da+97LohnlFQaNkpiLkydPfvXVV2jI77333uHDh3/wwQfMdvjwYYb427dvnz179n8M7rrrLmzCz3G7C2ZGHH+bAbsE6PWiKLBw4cLu7u7FixfjQMzZP6J7wUe89957+NSvBUFrzbt59uzZQ8/BgwfRwNO+ARISEurq6gb4rC7RveALIEfG37r3CbjWtaamprW1tbi4GDH64B/Cbuny9oXoXvAFlgEckpaWRsPpdCLIGeSKbt5QYbk/ri9E98LNhPc5lJeXT5kyxeOLwdk3ACrtJUT3gi9wGG/NcSc9PZ13rqECDHJcgXFUXweyILoXfEF0dHRcXBwM98ejo6eLEMUc9wPe1dDc3FxfXw+DnwD+zs5OFEKVw68f8EgGqHuZrxWGCou0oNTU1FS065YXpHIExvyOs4qKCnP3NDExkQ+/gKYBrg/V1dU6iU2ZmZmXLl2aPHkyH1w3kCU9onthqLBIC0nenqZf4epF8vPzd+/eXVVVFRkZKboX/IgrV6709PS89tprI0aMML/sbPDg+vDRRx9t2rSJFw3RveBHQPc0ENiMHTvWi+9LRYGxsbEqIboX/AqtezCYcRuPmGU8EN1fP4cgBB/S3gs+wmdKG8jFRHQv2BGJcwQ7IroX7IjoXrAjonvBjojuBTsiuhfsiOhesCOie8GOiO4FOyK6F+yI6F6wI6J7wY6I7gU7IroX7IjoXrAfISH/A6Av5BR0AfTZAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)wherein
each G is -Si(R6)3 and R1 to R5 are as defined above; and(d) removing the G
groups to form a compound of formula (VII):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)or
an acid addition salt thereof.  
41| The process of claim 38, wherein the reaction in step (c) is conducted at
a reaction temperature in the range of -100°C to 50°C, -50°C to 25°C or -30°C
to 0°C.  
42| The process of claim 38, wherein step (d) comprises treating the compound
of formula (VIII) with an acid (for example trifluoroacetic acid) and
isolating the compound of formula (VII) as the acid addition salt.  
43| The process of claim 38, wherein step (c) further comprises filtering the
reaction mixture to provide a filtrate comprising the compound of formula
(VIII).  
44| The process of claim 43, wherein in step (c), the reagent of formula
M1-N(Si(R6)3)2 is added to the reaction mixture as a solution comprising
tetrahydrofuran, and step (c) further comprises removing the tetrahydrofuran
before filtering the reaction mixture or wherein the filtrate is useddirectly
in step (d).  
45| The process of claim 38, further comprising the step:(e) coupling the
compound of formula (VII) with a compound of formula
(IX):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein:P1
is an amino group blocking moiety;R7 is selected from the group consisting of
hydrogen, C1-10 aliphatic, optionally substituted C6-10aryl, or
C1-6aliPhatic-R8; andR8 is selected from the group consisting of alkoxy,
alkylthio, optionally substituted aryl, heteroaryl, and heterocyclyl groups,
and optionally protected amino, hydroxy, and guanidino groups; and X is OH or
a leaving group;to form a compound of formula (X):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein
each of P1, R1, R4, R5, and R7 is as defined above.  
46| The process of claim 45, wherein P1 is a cleavable protecting group.  
48| A process utilizing at least five moles of at least one starting material
for preparing an aminoboronic ester compound of formula (VIIa) or
(VIIb):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)or
an acid addition salt thereof, wherein:R1 is an optionally substituted
aliphatic, aromatic, or heteroaromatic group; andR4 and R5, taken together
with the intervening oxygen and boron atoms, form an optionally substituted
chiral cyclic boronic ester;said process comprising:(a) providing a boron
“ate” complex of formula (IIa) or (IIb):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)whereY
is a nucleofugic group;M+ is a cation;R2 is hydrogen;R3 is a nucleofugic
group; andR4 and R5 are as defined above;(b) contacting the boron “ate”
complex of formula (IIa) or (IIb) with a Lewis acid under conditions that
afford a boronic ester compound of formula (Ia) or
(Ib):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)where
each of R1 to R5 is as defined above, said contacting step being conducted in
a reaction mixture comprising:(i) a coordinating ether solvent that has low
miscibility with water; or(ii) an ether solvent that has low miscibility with
water and a coordinating cosolvent, provided that the coordinating co-solvent
constitutes no more than 20% v/v of the reaction mixturewherein the solubility
of water in the ether solvent of (i) or (ii) that has low miscibility with
water is less than 5% w/w; andwherein the ether solvent of (i) or (ii) that
has low miscibility with water constitutes at least 70% v/v of the reaction
mixture;(c) treating the boronic ester compound of formula (Ia) or (lb) with a
reagent of formula M1-N(G)2, where M1 is an alkali metal and each G is an
amino group protecting moiety, to form a compound of formula (VIIIa) or
(VIIIb):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein
each G and R1 to R5 are as defined above; and(d) removing the G groups to form
a compound of formula (VIIa) or (VIIb)![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)or
an acid addition salt thereof.  
52| A process utilizing at least five moles of at least one starting material
for forming a compound of formula (XIV):![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAXYAAADZCAYAAAA0YxvqAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAF00SURBVHhe7d0HuC1ldT7wMaQXTTfGGA0GI4hdAQ0ICiIEpKhBEJCuYknEhmgEgaBSNKKgNOkKXIyiCChIU5QSFEsUwY4GkxgxxvSg/u/v8773P273udzDOfvsOfes93nmmb2nrvlmrXetb31l7vGj5egKhUKhsMbgZ1asC4VCobCGoIi9UCgU1jAUsRcKhcIahiL2QqFQWMNQxF4oFAprGIrYC4VCYQ1DEXuhUCisYShiLxQKhTUMReyFQqGwhqGIvVAoFNYw1JQChUWJH/7whyt+/SR+5mcqVikUygoKhUJhDUMRe6FQKKxhKGIvFAqFNQxF7IVCobCGoYi9UCgU1jBUr5jCYKCny//+7/92P/dzP7eyd8t//dd/td9rrbVWWxzz/e9/v/vyl7/c3Xbbbd2//uu/duuuu273mMc8pvuP//iP7l73ulf3P//zP+24n//5n2/n+P8Lv/AL7XqjuMc97rHiV6Gw5qCIvTAo/OAHP2hkjnB/6Zd+qfv617/e3ec+9+l+8Rd/se3/1re+1Z1++undVVdd1d1xxx3dnXfe2W2wwQbdAQcc0D34wQ9ux3z3u99t17jnPe/Z/eqv/mrbNpOaF7EX1kQUsRcGAYQuuob//u//boQryhZ5i9i/+tWvdv/4j//YfeUrX+ne8IY3dN/5zndWRu/3v//9u1133bV7+MMf3m266abtGr/8y7/crke9kTwnMQ5F7IU1EUXshUFAugTJ/uzP/uzKNMx//ud/NoL+5je/2b3lLW/prr322u7f/u3fus997nNt/4Me9KDue9/7Xvftb3+7pWBE51tssUXbvtlmm3V/8id/0v3Kr/xKI3brcShiL6yJKGIvDAZy5KLwX/u1X+v+/d//vbvmmmsacV900UXdpZde2vLpSH+jjTbqfu/3fq97whOe0P3DP/xDd8UVV3Sf/vSnVzoCkf7666/fovinPe1p3W//9m9XKqawpFC9YgqDguj6//7v/xqJi8zPPffc7vzzz295cxE54n70ox/d7bvvvt0ee+zRbbPNNi3H/oAHPKC7733v2/3hH/5hcxAf+chHuo9//OPtvEJhqaEi9sJEoFFT3jw9WpJeQdrSLSJlv+XT5b/tp4rf+MY3uiuvvLK7/vrrW+rl85//fGs4FaGvvfba3bbbbtttvfXWrUHV8VI47nPzzTe38y655JJ2DQ7Cvic/+cndlltu2T3iEY/oNtxww3ZP54nq9cAhCyS/bz/oUTMOFeEXFgOK2AsTAbKVVkGESDvEHoiqHSMKt++f//mfGxlLuRx77LEtWrf913/917s/+IM/6Hbcccduhx12aFE5p/G7v/u7jfwRsZz6b/3Wb7UeM5/97Ge7k046qfvoRz+6Ugakvfnmm3eHH354d7/73a81uCJu5K7nDMQRgeND9KMoYi8sBhSxFyYCajWTaiFbi/7qUiXXXXddd8stt7Tlgx/8YOviiIAf//jHd4973ONa+uWRj3xk99CHPrT74he/2F122WXdrbfe2vLq8u1Pf/rT2373E62D49773ve2bpHSOkhblP+whz2s23777VvKhlPQRfI3fuM3GpEjbTKtyiSK2AuLAUXshYkjRE7VROGJhpHweeed151yyilt25e+9KWWHhFdi9D1cBFRS8UgX2kbXR2POOKIRsCIef/99++e/exnN4IW/Ttf5O8+UjEnnnhit2zZsjaYKXJI/Yj+XZ9jQPIgaoeZonUoYi8sBqz12uVY8btQmAgQeohdzxV90EXleruIquXHRe7IWkPozjvv3KJ1DaJIXdpGisXx73//+9u5cuOWTTbZpKVinKvLI1JG6pwAZyCVI00jYkfK5NAfXhQfB+A4aRn/kXu/y+UoitgLiwEVsRcmhn4ELHoWTX/ta1/rTj755La+/fbbG6kjb8S88cYbd7vvvntLl4i+Ea0BSZ/85CcboSN32+5973u3gUi6RWpM1bURebsO4kbKiFyXSWQPl19+eXfmmWeunIpAPt6xGlWleB71qEd1W221Vfc7v/M7jbzdPw2rwEwsq4rmC4WhoIi9MDEYTIQ8Rc1I+eKLL26NohdccEFrwDRoSBrkmc98ZvstSjd6VIpGjlyELsK/8cYbmwOQazfwyPHIX6StETWELjUj8h4H9+NIELpG1w9/+MMt8tcPXkMq54DYpWlc97GPfWzricNhIHpOyrpP9oXCUFHEXpgIRNbpMnjDDTe0lAsy1UCKrNPbRcStP7p0ikjb/gsvvLD71Kc+1RpSRcj/8i//spL4d9lll7aMdkdE7GoFSH4mJI1iJKsagHvpIim3j9A5BWvORf7d2uhV29QoZuoCWSgMDUXshYkAeVMtUfFLXvKS1jtFegO56vGy1157tTleRMoIUzSup8sxxxzTyFaOXBrFdeTakb8+6bo7OjaOw+Ka7oXcEfBMENE7TpqGsxDFm4PmtNNO6/7+7/++3R84HI4mfeDVKqR9ZqoNFApDQxF7YWI444wzune84x3dF77whRaNS2dIoey9996tVwpCRsxmadSGL58uVaNhU8rjIQ95SLfTTjs18nceQrcg8H6uG1HL31vPNCeMBljRfFIpHIfpChzP+bj3u9/97jZaVf5fCuaJT3xit+eee7aagvuSd6ZG1UJhSCgtLUwEyNqwfmkYZPqbv/mbbSoAkTfClt7QuGkgkdSLfLpjkbaIfp111mn5dF0fNao6X6pFHDLagOn/XaVK7OuTst/Ocz3zuRuVKi203nrrNQdEDg5GlI/UHZvG4EJh6ChiL0wESFsXRoTqNyLX33y77bZrJKmBVIOoPuyvec1rWqMmIpXy4AAcJ5eucTSkLDUjaka6ovMs/nMeqyJ24Bj0iBG9k0kjqonG5NxdR/pFzUC0TkZpoNQOELx7FwqLAUXshYkAUeoVgxyRskhYJC761X1Rjv1Zz3pWd84557RjNVYi8n322afbb7/9WrdHRKv7YZCIG8Ei2yz9SNy+cQtwLo5H8Lo/vvWtb+2OO+647qabbmr7OI4cQyaEr9eM34h9Vfn7QmFIKGIvTASibw2USFGjKcKU9pDO0FD5sY99rP1H9qbflWM/8MADG9nramj7fHYtTDTPUehKaTSqaF1XSm0AZOEg4ogQuVy7mkX2id4LhcWAIvbCRKA7IxIV/ep9InrXwAl6megRo5eJ33rNPPCBD2zbpEFExhyCni/zBeQMCF6twbUtonkpI0SuQdXaMbYjcn3aORgyVY69sFhQxF6YCOTKNXgib2RpAZGvxlB59YMOOqilXv74j/+4EWcaQLNGwPOFEDsYeMSR6CWDuDkRQNx+O5ZDUtPwHNBP9xQKQ0dpa2EiEO2KepO7RpLI2nbD9zWkSrvItSeyt0yKQBG2e5se2BeV9IRRg5B6seZMROby75yQ3+TRyBqQv1BYDChiL0wE0hrJSeuFgigtiYgtyD6RtN8i6DR0gt8zLbOFczgNvWzIoP86+ZC6AUmBkaaAxJF6HI02g0JhsaCIvbCkkZqFJUSftFGhsFhRxF5Y0hC9J5pH6GoX0jGFwmJGEXthSQOhJzXkd3LrhcJiRhF7YUkDiUvBWDSg6gWjwbdQWMwoYi8saWgklY7R1RGh66GTj3MUCosVReyFiSBkaUmaI10a01jZXyaN/j3IpJFUlG6Qkk/lidR1hfQRD5/bsw3Sj31V87wXCkNDEXthScP3V3VlRNyid3PDmMa3UFjMKGIvLGloLDWnjT7r3/72t9sEZfngRqGwWFHEXljSMFBJagbk1//oj/6ozVdTKCxmFLEXljSMkM23Ts1Z42tNGX1aKCxWFLEXljQ0nmrQ1dhrOl9zsEvJFAqLGUXshYlAjxMpDoTZ7yFj+yiy3XH9/X5n8NDoMlsgb6NKNZT6jcBB10b918FslJk2ePQ+d/e+hcI0UMRemAhGuzNmESFrrLQg2pA/Eu+Te5/g5wsI3VTAGkxNOua36QPM8Oi+pvOVkgnRFwqLFUXshYkAiSPS0UVjpX36jPtCkW+dZuZHhGqxH7Fbzxdcz7Xdx2+EjszJk3li7AMfBikUFjOK2AsTAVJGmNb5nf9f+cpXug9+8IPdu9/97u4DH/hA+1Te9773vUa0OXcSaQ/XVUNIlG6QEhJ3L9sq1VJYU1DEXpgI+mQuUs9v5H3ZZZd1b37zm7tjjz22O/roo9un8Y488sju9NNP7z73uc+1UZ8+VzefsyySJ8RODvOyr7POOq1HjE/y2YbooUaZFhY7itgLE0GIFGH2f0uHpO+4kZ7I+4Ybbuhe//rXd29961u7D3/4w92Xv/zllqqRg58vJGdPBsS93nrrdRtssEG34YYbdptttlnbdvvtt7dI3vdZC4XFjLVe6/PwhcIcID8tjdH/QAVyFIHfcccdjcg1Vm600UbtI9f3vve9u4c//OHteGSqL7mGTD1Wbrvttu6rX/1qW9Zee+12LIJ3fTlwI0Q5heTig+TN1Q7GwTnOdx21ht///d/vHvKQh3Rbbrll98hHPrId86Uvfak76aST2ujTfGjbMY973OPa/UT0ycMXCkNGEXthzkCwaXAU+Yp6EbQ8+he+8IWWP9fb5PGPf3wjVKmPhz70oW2NKBMlI3DdEJ1jvhbEf5/73Kd1Q3RdxO86FvuQNUJH1qkNzATHIX3k7Do+Ys1p3POe92z91m1ftmxZ9653vas16hqFitRF8w9+8IPbNchXaZrCYkARe2G1ERIdXf7pn/6pfSBalIvgP/7xj3eXXHJJ93d/93eNfEXrSNUEW4gboYvcEbQh/MjVd0fvd7/7te6QJuZyHZH8zTff3CJs/ctF9Rb30/8cmbs/JOUzExxHBuRPzkT2agbHHXdcd8011zSZyWe/KP4pT3lKW5MV3KMi9sJiwD2WK3x1BSisFpD0OCBeaZDPfvaz3WmnndZ9/vOfb1FwInFkmFQJ8n7AAx7QctxPetKTuic+8YltPyIX2YvyL7jggu4b3/hGI1nnZaj/E57whG777bdvjsJ0un0yd1xSNOPAYQDHwGGQUSPthRde2J166qmN6D2H/Y9+9KO7vffeu/uzP/uzRvLk5khW5TgKhSGhiL2w2kBw4yB18aEPfah7//vf311++eVtmyj8yU9+ciPjRz3qUd2ll17aer4gR9dBmIhTz5SnPvWp3brrrttSLgYuyXGLpF1PLxkRPGKWHnna057WvfCFL1wZxRtUhOD9T65+HPSysZ8TIcvZZ5/d7uU+zpciesQjHtE96EEPasS+8cYbNwfCYdgPTKXIvbAYUKmYwmoDeY7DKaec0l199dUtbSLqRq5SGEcccUTrdZIUi8FI0hoaTJPW+NjHPtby3Y6xj0OQnpGacQ6Sl0+XtkHEagIaVdOQ6Xi9a2BVEbvaA4eit81ZZ53Vvfe9723yiNSRumWnnXbqnvWsZ7XaQXrs9K+p4ZZDKhSGjorYlzBmevWiUkSIOPtEiegQsghdl8Sbbrqp+8xnPtNdd911LarWsKihUapFxCtHrYESKSNpuXF92C+++OKWakGyrkkOkf1jH/vYFjXL1yNa15OakTaRrxddp5eNSDopk8c85jHNKSSH7pqegUPgCDSWfupTn2rL9ddf3+7tfETNAW2xxRbdtttu22oNntkzJkofRUXshcWAIvYljFW9egQmdYEk5ZdF63LeN954YxstesUVV7T9jnOdBz7wgY0k//zP/7zbdNNN2zVsR6DWjkOWSBaxcgRy8q5z5ZVXthy7aFhqBbHrkXLwwQd3973vfRvBuy+SR8bnnHNOi/pF0xpin//853cvfelLG5G7jhqA6J4T4ETI63iLni0cgYVs+++/f7uHtE7I3LMWsRcWMyoVU/gpIF8kq8si8tNQadi/Rk1pFz1IkLp0iNz1wx72sG7HHXdsDZuibkCyifZdQzSNLG3jKIz8tEiluBeSdi2EL7JXK0DQct7uj3iRvbXo334ki7ylbkTd5Ha+WoLoXkOuSJ9DQuj2ub88/V/8xV9022yzTeur7vquRU7PxBGl18woitgLiwEVsS9hzPTqkWV6gSA4PUde/epXt+6KGjARtMhZrlv6QpSulwtCdU3EK+qVgnG+69hum9/O99+CcEXS73vf+9oI1E9/+tPt2lIoCH/fffdtPWt23XXXNphIRG4xzwxCFpkjfw2xUjsaYJG5ni5SRa4l789xGGlKXh+slvu3TeolZL06pL06xxQK00YR+xLGTK8eeSFxpIdoX/nKVzaSNKgog418ZejlL395y6UHol2Ruhw4hLwtrplFZJxGSf+le5C4FI2eMxdddFH7b0HWyFnPmhe96EXdn/7pn7ao3bkcCMfhOMeIzEXy5p5xLSkWtQD34Bhe8IIXNGcUkGNcymVVJuFahcLQUcQ+T0ASSTkwfqmKEBqCtAwN5EvU6jdi1DvF0Przzz+/+8QnPtHy4P5r1BRdS4dIYYiQ5b4RedIp4D+y7Efq/cjY7xyj54ltInlROYeA5DkT937HO97R7s2RcBq6Ru65554tny/9g9yRPLk04GrI1dtFxK5nTgZCIXhOSGRPLu/JNcF/iLOJrK49DuS9u1AWnhX6+uCeyqPvZKI7o7+T/+/LQXb/5yJbYc1CEfs8gXEiH0SBFGKktkOIbmiQz5ZCAf3GpUPkp/VekQ5BkHq6GFovDbPVVlu1Xi+IMWQ+kwrN9nlDesrK4CGNqkieHNdee22bakDjKudCJr1ikDaHpG86YucIpJE22WSTlvd3HDk4Bdf1XrK23e9JIs5CGbmnJSkpsJ2Di77EwQDyt11thNPrn+O36ySYcJzf9k36mQrDRxH7PIGRiUQZHCNLxBfjy/YY8FCANOSs5apFyG9729saaYugrRGiRlENjmRHqqPEMZMKhYhmA6SWaFathxwIm2xmfpRaAQ2vcuaI3rwyes14BuUuFy83b2Sr2gRwuv13cHdkmy3I790HuTci151UKslvpG07xBGAZ1HW0l9qR3Gk4PyQuH3gXnSwf1xhaaKIfY5ghCGMPlkwMMi2GPWQoNeLaF1D5Mknn9zy6IBw9EE3IlSvEakPaQ1pEhE8lQlRhnzGYbbk6brJm1uUIdKSZ5cSEpkb0KSLpI91SMM4B/kbJUpOM0ga8ZqpeDlW15oG2Skj5ZNy4JQ4Hw28ibSROtnI2dcPz+X5bQ9xKxu/neddOIZTts11XJM+5vjC0kUR+xwhcmJo/RyyZXRou2K2PZH8UHDCCSe0edA1lpI/ee+jjjqqe/azn73iqB+TCgLqk3V+z6RC/WPvCnriuLdyC8G5LrKyThRvkJE8+rJly9o5yl+/d06IMzKvjPQMoiez82Yqc9edjYyzBdkRM8cj5aXLqMZdqSUycpack1qRWSxD3M7R+Cv15BkN3tL2oXZF19SktCtImXF4nsEYAk4awQ9NxwoLjyL2OSKRuTXD01daFIXEpQGQTqIyhBWCGgIQiIZQETDikDpAJPLoBgchi9XBTCo0G9LUBx2p3VW0KS3xxS9+sTWuIj4RsFGqJhMzFYD8urKOox0nQwiX3JzJpKA8yaphV+7f4jnVPEyZQD88r/YAI19DyvTHWAEDqziCffbZpzUak9kCRv6al8e784y6cEpNeY/Iv7C0UcQ+C6SoGJLficCROgM09F2uV+rAf1GZbnqMTT9vkVkieoTC8JH9tKrOt956a8ufiyb1HkHq0gdveMMbWo4aQSblEhk9d8gyBDmTsxpHqjMh1025uq7/ysl/ciCs1CiUuXKW3iAb+cmhbzu5wP/R9JfrpxZgma/o1rtUXlIk5CHvLbfc0mpEiF1ffbUL95YmMq8OgvdfCklUbp4a/ewFCD74YTAYR3DAAQe0dxLZLa55/PHHtwZmtRxtIMjdALEhBQ+F6aBGnt4NIBbGZa2afdVVV7XGPSMzP/KRj7T8L9LUo0PEFiNGRnppJJpEVK6TXOxCAwkZnWkN5FHFRzz6p5MNWZE78pE7yDNYj1tmgxxv7ZrKKASFnN0/5QZkQmjy1SJfhG8/eZ0fuUZhm+tZHDNfkEYhg/JD7GoWxxxzTHfuuee236JpixqS3jrSMBw9+aVULJySfvoahj/60Y82XaIbGoPVSOLwpGLUDKWj6Jey0WOJU1ATmIYuFYaFYbXmDRiMCilY/BY9IQYNkD4scf7557d1huPLdzJC6QLE/7d/+7fdGWec0XKiqU4jF8cy/MLsgETHLdOCd9l3JAhel1HEzAE9/elP757xjGd0Bx10UCN0qRXTD2sXQOhqH2p8aRfQRsB59eH5ojt+ux89tM013Mf/QqGIfTWBzIERMVaQwjAYxtSyqtn6Ve+xxx5t+au/+qvu8MMPb8PtkTwHgOQPPPDAFtE7nvGDqK0wOyQqH12mBfdOqgSk4pC1vLk2AHl0a6TtfVs09KoZaRuQylGzk4enYxx+Fu0IIXnROPIH19CmoIZgXp3MH18oFLGvJpIWQPAhEYNmDj300DbroKr1K17xitbo+OIXv7jbZZdd2v9XvepV7TcjlLZJA1o/umK8hcULOoFwvc+8U8TOeUtzmX4B6SJh0B7gHGSN1I3iFYGruek5o/HUsVJMHIN2Gw2l0nvmkBdQcAJ6zrgGvaJTzuMgCoUi9tVEiJ2hphqsAYuh+W8aWA1XCDy5aWC45imRO9WAxgjf8573tGgOuY9WtwurB2U8bpkGvEOpmD5E2YjZdhOOWWtEpz8icvpEbzgEOXOyq8HRC9uNH6BjCFsNT1OYmqAgQSOr7qh6xiSdl5pBnEdhaaOIfTUhEmOUjJXxaewSOYm8GKZ+yIzTMaIzsE/U9vCHP7zbeeed23/niKpsZ7gM2/ZpgNx67uhZgmgQ1LTIcSYgO4v0l/KyAEKzzdri/ShXPUpGkbz0pKAcyZVoHdTokLtGTQSsQVREjYS9b7Ird+UtlWIbR4/I6YaoXnolz4fcBQ1gpK1rKRf65t6uQZemmY4qDAdF7KsJxsNoGCLjM8jEfCaB/upIkuEmd87QRFLOzTaIQYekUhso/DQ4ScSpLIHzUX6A8PoQ6SI4xyDHEPpCkB2Hkkgc6AL5BAHaV+gKXQA6Yl+IOzlzJC3iRvB+WzgLUyP85V/+Zbfffvu1j4qYvVJPGVG9aygbjsLxk3ZihcWBIvbVBAMTVSFjUTvDlWZhpIxJFCWvyrhsAwSDVJyTaA75SMk4xzYEVFg1lKGyEpFziMhexBpCk96yThlzvP4rd8cvRI2ILEg9eiLi5uyRtn2RSUDgmNQs6IueUnFexjsgdjU759ATjfL6su+www6tZ42PhPidj5B4TtezeN5CoYh9FmBkjEhUhdgZnAgxUTySDrmAqjhjhkSXDN4SsuofX/hpKFtlxGnqMmoGSmmwEDfnaUGmGhNNj2Bwj2OUuXeWiHiSQOruRyay6QmlJwyypgcaP5F1am50AHSRNbmZ400vgNjBs4T8PT+yF/3nK1Cif8/tv+ezuO9C1E4Kw0cR+2qCwTIaRCFCROKM1IJ85FJNZytaN4ITbJc2MDhJV0eGzyDNkChyZ7BxDIXxCFnqTXTiiSe2gWC6mCbloQyVpTI0WEejohkqHYPonJ8a1KTAqSBvQLreqc/1aTAnJ/I2EIxzMoDI81jMz2OMg9qeyN1HQJA7CBQ8G50TlYOo3rXBfdRa9KRxnEUZeN5CobRgFkjEztAYmX7Ipo1llGYd/NCHPtSq2lI1oilkz0B9pu3MM89sBOQ8owitOQeGm8is8NOI0xOZGo3JSUpBhOCAs0Ti5o8Bx+qt5L04P05gUqATiBYQrOjZ+yUn/XB/siF3NQoOymA1A5RMG0BGJG36Cboj5URv6IZz08WR3klD0UP74vQ8v/8cTMqrsLRRxL6aYLCqwwzJGszvYYpYaRlzhjNSERjSYeiIiCGb0CmRl7XeDSKzEE560Sw01CaQH3mQA0Iiu9wwgkgKI6Q1DSAvNSC1JGVHNjInCrffPs/AmYpg0+7BkS6E7HmnoBwt5FIz861YUzToimh6ZORu/hgjUH3URHqFU9p6662bLpm9UgRPdo7fs3pPUjXgPx30fPTGexIYIPW0OxQKRexzhOli9VpA9no/iMwMXFL9RvaiR1G8CIxByqGK5vqYVpSlRoGUkAWiQApDJAbOJpEqApPmUNb9xkLPgOCHBOVL1kwAx5EbZGRwkSgcodu+3Xbbdc997nObIzAhmK6zHFj6pIv6A++H09AbxtgJ16dPAoWkbAqFmgRsjjCpFyPUWIfITfx19dVXt7SMEalGEqpGG32oR4M5Q/xGUAyUsSOlaRCqqFDOWkOdiBNRSgOYQtY3Rcko+kWeZJ0GRK2IS/med955LVVhpKYIOBG5moXjNEIqf87KBzfUqJSv2hanutAgH8I1KtlYBvl1ski5KE8RuiknzMwoH+94z8eRKXe/TRzmOIOb1Eg8j3M9t5y8SF4NwZwzPjbuGqkJFpYuatre1cRMxYQwVIGlWxCLgSRJB4jUGTUiZ6DIRvSV6jPCCjGNRvELAX2rkbgBNOS0Jpd0gdGy5EIuCH5aZBGn5+MaHKMoeIsttmhyK2eOSDmLbo3o1XXQ8fp9S4NM0zGl8db9Ea60i9keEbfGYM/w+Mc/vj0jx+QYemCd56J3Agflj9jtd03vSS3GMWoBHIf/rpNUYWHpooh9NTFTMcl/inb1ivjc5z7XurExMKTIEBl1uqg97nGPa0btWiEba4v9Cw253N13372lBhAj4vEsKnFDIXZQPu9617vaF53IKSJXjohdtMqxckyeI85yCMSu3Cx6Tonc1d70QZeGIeNrXvOaNh++suUEPBOQV9op+pM0lEUg4VnG/c6ifApLG5VjnyMQC8MSsZ911lmtQQzRyJcyWB9DEGm+6U1vaoaLLBlrjM+50yB1EP0iHASigRKBaC8YGpAXZ2hB1PLL+ojrXaTR0QyJ0hzkHxKQbFIqoA3AHOscqtoSRyogoAMhdfA+nCvyzjPRF5G8fRa/6ZHI3m+RO0dXpF6AIvbVRD8i6i8MlzEZPGMQisiSoZqRjwFLayAk23zqLIaZazo3/xcaokRtBJCoEQnJ1Yo0kYqqfWoW04D7K58QnDLjfEyLrBeSLwsdeeSRbWSmd4Ho4gDiMKcRrcPou1UbQsLAwet3r4ah3PvlS/aZakjIPk7AcQIL0ObASRcKUMQ+R0iziL4MQFLF1lvDBxP0YWa8SIUxiqiQ0pCgZoE4OR0khGSG1rMCOSfdAFIxeo6EyDQeck4aH/UuSWTfJ8ppOSWI8yYDAud4/PdMiDkkPi3nU1gzUdo0R0gLMFgknn7qol0EpIErEZpGVY1kQwJCIS/ySa2C7EMC+SwhdmSuoTD5ayC7sk9fbyRqsT3/pwH3VbZI22/RO5noQfZZsq9QmC8Usc8RjDbGK+L12xpEm0gJ6YvUrIcEaRe1iRCn6H1ofcFHSVmEq20gxK5MOVC1j8z6mIg9xJ71QsN96QMo3+gJEvc/i//0o1CYLxSxzxHIhVGKfkViyAVZpu+6KNIx8qIIdEhINAxICMkkCh4KEt0mVeG3WhCStOZE1Y4QfpxAnsWS39MAmSM38tZOYECRbfRFfpxekH1oulFY3ChinyMYaNIAiX5NMSCnrgteBtL40MLQ8tfJsSNEcpN/aDKG2EN80l6cD8eZKFf5eg+JjpH56DINkMfi/p6BEzLQCMGrLWlMJTdiV/aFwnxhUMSeiKsPxpvctDWj1q2LsYjEGPo0QQ4Gq0FP1zWGqjeMUYGiMaRDXumCDCP3DHlWhOWcacBsgwbKJP1C1qGlBEJ+yhAM8FKOhuL3nZA2DN0fNaIaS6DsRcmi46TGJoU4j9EltR96isgR+jOf+czW68joWZ9SpBeVXy/MNwZB7HqWUHBAeAyCsiPyNExG+UWYWdvPaKynZRzktTDkAJkgTESf7fLtadwbCswnL12EBBNdpvvcUODdZ4DPgQce2Ibgc6LJq9Md+zlSxG5Qkq6QesiIghMUTAN009xBRiSbO8gANqmYN77xjW1mR7ODmkMoU/4WCvOFQRC7SDH9lM0JYr6P66+/vhGmSEcOFTGqsjJk/X91KWTQyVGmz/JCg/GG2BEjUheFa+Ajm6jSNiSUCG4oEOUiFVE6Rzm0aB1E2yJ2n4Ez/J4+IGvD7JWt986pcwB5HlP7StV4N9OqDQGZTj/99O7lL395t9NOO7VBVT5Effjhh3dHHHFE98pXvrI5oYsuuqgd7zmiT4XCXDAIYkd8IKJ53ete16Iuw60vvPDClekLpIPUzRnCKI499tg2CMjoPaQ5LWNA1n1jRO7IRDpA/3ayiYIRkVn7hgSOhwMiGwLlKPORkKFACsb7965f/OIXt0j3RS96UdMN+5C7RQRvmmRzsZjv/LLLLmsOgG4ljbPQuO6669rcNbfcckvTUzqhtmHMg+cxUdz73ve+ptMies9Z5F6YDwyC2EU2YC7qs88+uym8L+AYVXjJJZe0KAyBMl7znTMGa0QvOo5BTAOM0DIasSNKtQoTNJHN/2nVKmaCYfiIJvloNR/bhgROEXGrtWkTIKcA4K//+q/bLJp0I+XtHUiB0RPO1ftwPP2YBuiscQ5ksJiX3YyTgpadd965lb2Ahb4bOeuYBAqFwlwwCGJHKCBKiRGKbhmwKjXDlaqRsklE7Bw5a9GmSCjXWGggk+TRgXwWYKQiYMZrbXrcoUE0q2aRbpryvkOCkbyg/JSzVAwyNxOl2hy5EaIypye20QX6kneTNN9C46abblrZt37ddddtKZhjjjmm22OPPVpbgQZU7QJ6TnGukTdLoXB3MQhiDxALJWegqq6iHVXUVFP13vCdSNGbtEGmyGXUnMKoYWSZD4y7roXMosX0KFH9J49aiB4cHI8onuEidv8RjW3960wSZFJ+iQTdDxnabuoDDoh8ylQuW68NsB1JOs/z9OXtL5OEXjHSWXQCELwyJLsPW3suOkBG8oruvQeRvmMi/yQxrkwsGnTJBPSW09GWwZHSYR/K0P3RM3BYZE/fds9Lbu+pUJgtBkHsiBGQyiMe8YhGiIhPtC5vqqrKGJC+/uAMwX6pDSTKiBIlLzQYH1K3gDWyZ5hqFFIbDBXB6IXieEscEUxadvdxPyTj3u6n7BAgecnJ2ZDbcbbFWXkOx06rt4z7KruUL/npgGehG9parrjiirYdMdILz2dtgawXGnGm5CGv1ByZTRbnM3naA6QUQddHzhPxWzs+ZV8ozBaDIHZkAohFlM6IGaOGPb/1kkHylFzExmD6Sh+CnAbIk66XUkSegSGTO4QoGmPg6RljWUhi51gsZHJP9ydPehvpSug/AkX2fgfKenTbQoJ8ytUC5DcAjJOUS9cwqVzJLioeErGTnVzevzK89NJLu7e//e3d+eef3z4KgtSllNRA9L93rOeclryFNQeD0CCkqMqJROQkpWFE53vuuWfr4qbRzDzWjpFPdzxiZwiJhiZNjjOBIxIpkh3pkP2d73xnW3zIWq8IQEIitjwrmR2/EHKLAN3X/fokiRA1NpKBfGA+eXltRATIyf5plS9wgpHZ2qfl5Kp9vo+8esAgQ2QfQrfQEch6oaHWQ0fpCHzsYx9r6SO9ZZS7Ms7+TLnL+dpGZs6UnhQKs8UgiD1kg3z0Y5frZaQ+ULHPPvu0yP1tb3tbS8kY4IGg+sSeiH8aYIjkNYWA38jynHPO6V760pe2yEw0T1bkSs6QOqP1HAsBMnA87ks+uX4Ne3FA5E/5k/0tb3lL+16rCJijMoiG/NMC2QM1D7M7cvi+8kRm30IlN1mVdUjdGrJeaChvDb3eOx02j7wvO/mSlh4ycuxqTcZs+GqVbpCOpyP0mn74XSjMFoMg9hA0IB5Q3V5//fVbrwFkrqFU1TWK7vgY7DSJnSOyIBURmugrBs1oyW5NRmkZxrrQ8ooG1SqQndSRaFH0KDf9yU9+ssmLMDkbn5fz0RD71DakChC8No5pQHmRL+CAlLHtvpyEHEG++owzzmi/o0uj64UGp8MpWqtpIvMXvOAF3UEHHdS94hWv6Pbee+/2oWp6rIxNReH9pLY0LbkLix9rHXzwwa9lJPO5MMREpEjM7yyIWwQputWbwX7RoP++MLRs2bJmBAxi8803bykZgzn0a6f4CF7jGWegLzAjdy5jYCCI3zWtLWSIgfgN+e+4yNxfwDF+k7l/LeToPPLJ/Rs96Ev/RjsiHXL58IMah0gYObqWPCujdZ5j0n6grFyb7LmX+7iHfe4XWWxzTH97H8qADK6RQTl+gzECSBppIxUpjM985jMt+uVwNFjroUFm70NZ+xrUxRdf3BpXddcTOSMpCznITAbvEyKPfRYgd38hj+fo78t5frtHru04a+V17bXXtkFJnk+0Tgf0OuFwpOqUP9k9i3L2wWupGufmnrm2+1l7jjwD5Bjla1vkywL2ux45HJ9rO0c7kJSW9yqFJaUlGudIvf/999+/laWuvAIXeuI96vUlMNhqq63aR8+9R119U2NyvGdzr8gPZLItMmQbGb1Di/+e0bP67TjXcIyFrHlmz9QvF3Bt/yFlYF3LsJe1DjnkkNe2tzWPiIFYKGkUhxL77cYUyNQAemPo0kZZkY8GJkrlPMSNcHRzdOztt9/ebbjhhm0tCvWVd4bsXA4DyVNO57sXo7aOQVhiCORgfKMge39xrZBlnoWhXnnlld0JJ5zQBlAxUvsZItJUrd53333bs4mIyYrQpUAMWHK+63huMpMDIXgO8sa4HAPWrq/cHEMeII9yJWNktR+pi8A15LoXghHRHnfccc1JIkP7nOsD0Ya877XXXo0w1TosPrxMPtc014kyV8YW5yEE9yKX5yQ3Gchqv33OHQfP4RiLZ7V2rHMtrmObclEO1uZc4WQ4RPPAOF6PI+Wn3LVfIEApMbI87WlPa45KWShzAYFycH3nWKtVhfjJAco25bsqeD7nuAanolzPOuuslk5Rft45mTgkxwhQpI44oxCumh790VOGnit/M4KyASNspR7JzPm6H3g2z+58cnOqFvu9k+xXfvQjz+V9+522lOT/HZNz7Lf2/GS0H7xz78Q13LcwfEyE2CkHY8ySXhnIDVlQRN+pdJxIRqqCMomApQj8p6S77bZbI27niuJFmYyEoonYnvrUpzZjlmZgwMjL2n7nuyZFpsTu1Scbawo9ipBnjgsJUWwEImqUl5aDVosQgSFKz/Wyl72sDTzRy4Ej4oQ22mijFu2KKl3TsYhGysP9kYx7eL4YpvszKnL3jS3PxKBFcGSK8+qToeu5T9JXb37zm9vHtpGEayMdox59MZ98yFIZclBkdU9GrN+1+yBBEaT3497eh2Ndx/3c13YykDXPMQ55FvuzzvPE8SFHpOc+ysA9lLWyB+W66aabtnPtQ/7pHeO3d24/QuTYNFjKw3OyggTpMbKThX65jnIJ+r/7IKf7kRvxqRkY/apNwmhov13P2ABOxTt2T5E8qEG4v/sZNS04UEv1rIidM3J9NoDUOSllz0G4Lngv7s+G/LbQAXbhWemZDgjsgB64l+fMb2WqjMhEPue5hu2eyf0d51npMB0C+zkB68LwMRFiDzFGodLThVKbMkAuVOOdXiMUSWMS5WK8yJkDQDSiXgpNcU3TiliQOxK0jeFSNNc/9dRT2+x/lFEawTEMmILGcMkTw7SQbRQMyXbk5HikxUjUJsgmSld1ZhicipSLaMw8JqZkZbD643M8yMq15II5K4ZhTV7GjMQQMFLy/Jyc50KQkVmZpRwZHtKyX/k4loEjNECCjkPmxx9/fGtQtCgTz4M8HvCABzSHaPIpw9sRPKcUg3VfYwnITE7RuMhYBK8sEZUIU5RKXteNUwpRk4FzGEeQysD7Vc7u6Xj3QWZkPfjgg5t++I/AyeedKX/E7tltR57O5xi9A9fUhTDlTH7H2a4XinOlouihciOv8vQM0Qlyx4mTaxSex3HIk2Mn48knn9wInT6QRQOp+3L4HCmdVf7eEf0+88wzu5NOOqmlHMlEDwQCbEBE730idMfTHzUlcit/aTT6wvl6Z+RM2ZlszEJHLdKDalpk1lbluekM2E4GwZXruD/dcG865LrK6LDDDms2JWWnpsFZ2V4YPiZG7IyE8YrCVKNVVRknAlY9pUCiBQaqUYmBITjGicgQuQiGwlE0RuxaFB1pMMBHPvKRbT9Dlg8OgTmOEiMkBsJwXYNMrm0B/0eR46zdC0mqGpuBT9Tr2qI95Eduaw28IkQyUnxkCAwFEXMAyI9hkJchMVrGxojdJwbOkXk2ButcVXXHegbXVrYhT2RCPk7SvchFPikXEWQibveVu9VXGoFsueWW3Xrrrdeul7IAz+zeZOBoOMZMMeDZOCtyeW9qL2QX9ZHNuyab32RLWY/CdvfwDi3IT3SqsRZBui6QTaoNobimqFVZ0JOnPOUpTX4knnvYrlZBJjUQOXZTErsOHRB5WpPfwlm7lzJ3Dc9nTSYYR+xI1XtCsBaEyzl73xwQQpdOcV/b8o44e9E9PbD2Xr0X93N/eqTmxEEpe7YRZ+nZvVvHu5935Fjvmt7QSQ5R9O/dOy7P575sw/mu45ruqbyVpQjfOyW7chbJuzcHTk7k7/3SU3qjxuE6heFjrdcuB4O8uwtFoyx+U4wgVT0KR4kYrkiPsjEekYKpTDUYqdZTGNcKKe++++6NuPtkRkEpqmswHhEn8okyuqdonQGKqhCe/u/OEVWHcIHMEKIRibkPMAxEcsEFF7S0i6o8p4QYTL0qL73DDjs0gjFiUM2BfBYE4zjGy/gsrosoGY+FMxNFIUNpB3JbpyxF1fpmM1hRGIfF0Xlmxq6cPRNnY8CLYz0zYuE0RWsIzjO5j54YZDU3CXKXxyUjMlNu5AsZ2+baZBN1ktczcFzK2rvx/lwfWXLaolLlrtw8v3J2b8/jmq4vOra22O6/hsVTTjmllS+SQSacMcdDL9wT0SlX57knIjT1ragVkI7rIXPEoyxFzXQjjpL8SdHQHbqhvOiae9IfOsBRuI8yUc6eMwTv+eiD98HRe1+uhRTN/aJ3C2eSD4B4jyJ4ZK7njmfSNuCY5zznOU2/d9lllxalP/3pT28OwXM417Mo94c85CHtncbZewbXpHPeE6eudoPc2Qn92Hrrrds7p6eOpQ9qCnE25PG+vDdOwDU5SToMrsPO2I40URylGpBnJUveYy0DXpYb3pxaQyh/jJcR+C9SROQMNo2hSU1QLkanxwtloaAMkKEzJgRKqezTa4DiuSbjEy3Zh3QovoEqHIL7q3IjB0TBgSAZRmsfpZZPFnUgK/ex2Ec2RkMu8omCRDQawqR9GBonROERMiMkG7JAYmQbh5kiG+UUAuf09HWXblFenofRknV5TaoRtPIh13777dcmkRJ1IR7lcvTRR7fo3LOqOYgiye44+zkI/aaRDnkYpetBn7RGoXzHgZwiQVVz1XkOhdNBFkjO9bfZZpvWEOtZyAqe1/1SJnQCIXEMSMQ6NRvpN6TOEVu8p0APIzqAIL07i+vm+tZkQ0Su5Vk9i/JSRgjNfuVu7Vm8V7UojkJqAskFrqd24lk13Kp1+u9ZOS56ZbyC2hASpePOUfbKdqby7T9THxzqOJCdE1T+nlP50E3vWWoM4XISCJ0zoC+clODkb/7mb5pd0A9O5bnPfW5zCJ7VfkEVfeOcvAv6rlwFZQIYZUb/zaapM4PrFoaPFrGv+H23QZEpH0Pi4VXhzIVBcRhsDJqBiRqRFGJn+Agb2bmG4yhaGrf8zz7XRqSMHfmJ7GI4lN21Kbj8NhkYAWdByUWn1onckbtr+4/QKTI5EYy8pxwlI3YMY3VtKQmkrhos4kVi7u/c5iFHFsQ9DtkPngcJMUjXY3yu7TnM0S2qYlRkdx9RGBLyvP4zdgbOID0Xw0ManksEJuJVs/AciMiazLl/1qOY6ZkgJMgZuy9ZkJ0y8j9pGgTnudzP+0Og5BIlK1+Rr6jZduTreJG22oUIl27kvhyv/cja/eOcyAmRTZnTG4sakv/2kYG8omllS1YpFHriut49GZWdSJwuO865SJG8omL6QV/dX2ChrYJOIEPv0nb38kwp83HLTCCv80cXzyKo4CzdlwzaqjhyUBswSjsN4WzAOXSHHWhjEGxxPnTCexL8eB7pH4GWd+r9uB/ZOT01bTUV5aXG573YVxg+5hyxI03VYZE0g5Anp3AiX0rCEFWRRY/IhoIgIWRlP2Ng2P5TWIqf1IiF4fnfj3Icj0CQsKqm61Bq5OseFJYccq4iGpGeKjqnoacNGUQejB2xJ23jWJGzYxkZB4CcyO4ZXJvTIXOKbabiC9mMAoHYZ0GKns3aElJGFKrqnCNjRBT26XUjn894EZ/eGIbWK38GKq/umfrOVBnmfiGO/LeMgzIfBzK6Hhk9N4JAAFJGnIwoWM6ckxL5Pu95z2vOSoRLftE9QhINeoeO8yzeh0gfEXHYSIlsZHUv93Gsa3DW9s9U7p4x+/rPR1+Uq23k4BA5Fg6cs6Ej9E95I09ROB1B6BrL3VeZCyqkTdQmEZ134zyyki/3JMNM5TtbnVF+HId3yk40lmr8prPkPfTQQ5u+0Ev2aJtz3IctqEFZk10ND1GbE14DsCjeCG9Oit57n57DPU477bRmR965nlV6fHGaheFjzsQuKle1ZigiTAZEQZGoqEdOV0TAECgIAwDKxVgZDMMAolAsxEI5EUmICPxHjKIQvTIomxw4RRTNaiSUtxeV2EaZLUgneVH3FdG4PmVmLIxbrwOkJKXDsKVtkJNIhtNwnHtTbDKR0TZEMg53ZbyeW3m4hmMZYkjZNVWZpbJEqWRidEhSVO4ZPYP8ui9OicYYrbQOMnLdkAxZQ3acCITgZ4tE3tZ5l34jaVEhR0oPEI6y9M45Q/f1vKJfDYDIB/QikgJAlEjXtSD64DzXRuTg3TmGM6YLnm+0/DkCIBsZU94QJwqeA8itzDXqqyU5nizOdz/6TB76oDFX1Mzh0wNOyTHuQ046Edn9n0k3Zir7vqx9eCakDZ5f2won771zhNIkag6ejTzKR3k7j56rBZmSg735upSakaCAQ5auFLR4Pg4074cdCs7oDR096qijWi2bjRWGjzmnYkRpCEbVlhFQZlGu6qG8H4VDQpSW4iAci+MslJFhBH5TTMdnoVwxZAZpzRjTC4ByWrs+wmcEFooswnY/BsDoRGvOU7twHrk1LvlNgZ0jKkaeZJcaiYEimETrllHiWB3keCTjuozctZC3qMxvxqmhjmzu6T6egdE5h6PhOBGoxmGG6D+iJH8I0XmeCdw3cqfsZ4u8qzw3IlOOrqmckIN3rZ2E7J6DwxIZk91v78Azq7UZUi9fbhtn7RlDYEDGyA/+h5Ddmwyj5W+76ztvdJ/zI3+A+Dgg5IbIOCQgBxJF4vRA2SJ2tQrE7zxl7D4pT+UTeVPOkXF0mQ1yfSC7KJrTV2bkFDwJQjx3FnKQR5mqcXBgiF7jqsBHwEN3PKPrSJ9Ju7i2NSjLvGspVDVitlkYPuZM7BpX9JlGtJRAdP785z+/tfaL2CFEk2gSGD2FoXj2MwSKFMOwjYKC7TFY54QUEaGIlmJSSNvVICycjPshOiSioUuekrLLrVpLYSBFhMMwVEtVaZGNfKzzIw9CodQxsr6xzQbu67ysPRO5GWiMyP9ly5a1WoRyY7jbb7996w7IcfkQhgidg1Kd9vxklfqwdi1k6Xq5Tx/+z5ZcIOeRyZrsytc79P68U/9tF70jEsdyWhbbvUeycfoaSpWr6NK7jG4k2lT2kdN18v4Dv/v/wTH95/X8lhBtoIyjg/aBmpquh/QlXQs5ee0UGa8AnjHvqq+Xrt+/R8prdJkJkWMUkV/gAmrGGsmVEwdDZvrtGItnC7Fbq4l4H/7rQswukbpGYe/OswgMvBdgU/6zIff0jNJlGmZzTGHYmD0zjYBSUwwLJePZVb8ZKmNMAxVD7Ssug3YuODfXCfq/7aOAMRrnUj5Gh/B0f0PIIkORu2hRRKPXiOHyiNs5lN+xahOqlCEO0TzFFZVxTNoFEKRzkKR7R1ZwTt+Ax6FvyP0lz+W6cRoxQlBWOc7afUWIDDK9QfTQcJwl1/Mb4YyiLzeZHX9Xss+EnDdaHmRKzYKs2iS8b9GgMtQrR+Oe8kdGntXxFr/J7VkD5OE6fTnds3+Mff3/M4GcyjflFPif9+sY95R20+NJGsxAqVe96lVtigjdbl3Dc3LueW/O6193tKxnArnHLc4Zt+TZ49zIIA2k7NSYLMjc83gOC6eFlO3zHiwpU05Le5Jz1LCk96Rq9FQSUPgQiFoKG4lc7t2338KwcfcsvAcvPWkQaY+kCSiChkhDudNNbL4Ug0KHCKUAdtxxx0bgGkYRs1y1aFxUokHxjW98YyNDyiwy95V7XbmQt2jXNo13+gyLZkRmjIBSQ8h9GvCc0gPk0WAm3SFy96Fv3Q0ZMHCkfWJZSKSc6AIHkyhPLQ5E5hrrNDbaPiTQSfJzLvLmnDpHzxkJAkSpGk29/2kRmzJDwnHK9BMhAwdqG/mtETnnSVb/1WS1LSF99skh0CepGLqFvDk0es+WOF924R4cBIfgfdItOlhYHJgzsYteKBCCoYBIkAIyav2FfbpMo54oIQQwV1BICpcqu5qCNIsGMI2JUhIaRhklBdUnXQOTbphqEFIZiJwhk1MelYJTZM9CfrJ6JgblueZL9tmCgyQjB+R5OC7P7lk4qzREkllZTAPKDMjg3SACMiIXZMDRI0bPMjR4r5a+TumNpLFdukMEK43kmDznQoNsgJzJQael4ugvHdXOJYfe716svNVgdVnUCwkxq0nJk3uOODTHsh9267/tAjU2kcjfeyNDaiqF4WPOmkphVKkByVCKRJGIRnRA8eSGs32uSHWToiETMkRJNYKJ3EVbepHoh+5YA1vUGhgpJbU9impNNrKHfGJMFB2xTzvSjBzpZie9pLEvcikHxDRNhBjIkXJEGIhEe4AG6iGCzBw4ubVrIHW9Tg444IA2B5BBbxCdWGhEx+mp9y061+6ihqnMNbRLpegtwwaVvbYvAY2ux4ICgY9oHIl7H4jfWkMpXXKOa3tf7JntOF5jcYKGBBGF4WPOxO6FixwoWIwZKI6qHSXRVQ/Bp2o+H2CMITsGZ804KavqtAYlA6FMfyr1ovFLbl20I2onn+NBJOQa/nsO14ohWSi2604DZPOc8qoclNqGNJKIipzJm0rFzJfjnC2UGZCDTAgyZWufZ4gTHRqULXjHSE1DqSi3D7Ujo4Azj81CQxlGB+kpORG7XkU6KSB65K77r3Qdp6RvO2LXaIrUtXEYsepYRE5XvBO2IKDpO2PvTs0l79E79b+IffFgXiJ25J6oQu7Pb8pgO+VQNY+hzxcoOcVE0FF690ciYG2QiehdjpeS+80JyZmSj0ID2Ri43CLDYUhxHP1lkuAAY2zKLDIyYu0FDEttQ45U/lfjHmclp+o4NRLlvdByQxyKeyl3Ttz74IikAeyXAkAc3pXtypleeL5+QDANrE5ZmTeFXoxbJo2+fMqPrlh0XTQdAH1Q7vRE+ogjMm0AfQD7dXFkm+xFmSNp+iRgUJP1jlzTu7BfP3a6JtqnX/YJigqLA3MmdqRIGSgGY0VKFIECWZAtRbFQymkAYYtsRSvkIFecAiDNOJ5pyajMEtUqR3IgDbJpDEaUonKk6L8GPmvnMGrP5hrTANmA3N43EoiDHYXn8VwcrHeh3KdV5uMgv44w9YQJ9PTSrVRPrKFAuSlHMhngpVeXgUdy7whcqtGgPb3FkLrGUduco63GaFNRvLYoaZfYQkDXbPfsep5pYC0sHsx55KkqoCoh7y9NYJi/VAgF0nAqshSt6VJlQioENCms6lGQDgKyOI4zYhB6ypBfrxr5a9tDsKPwTJNConWyKUuRl2HdBlSRU21DP2vgPEXqyl6PI9GX6rYRhlI0o5ik3EBmC9JGEOaBef3rX98a7xC9ftccke6kIl/6IdKUUuIAksqbBiI7/bDkfwZUyWMHHNBMujFJkGcUKWsy0Rfyiq7Bb2lPstMHJC0IcA79d453E+eb69jn+bwzZaFGa3Srd6MBfJK2W5hfzDlipxBeuCXRI0VIGiYGM61oEkIakYNs0gAIkfyJHoHyTwOMCZSZGgZHKE8qjWSOjr5RMXTGaHQsgtSWwDkx3mlA+SpX5es5VO9TnqOwTzWf08r3YJPKGRIEI31SHxr6NWD6otOAyNzYjr322qv1xdc1NiOuQdBCv70jhK8WS2cQP1J3Tet+90YNqIIGtj3E91QYjzkTO8OkBF48RfN/NALKcdMC0qGUqq8h93GOhqzjoqOFAIMC8gE5kDwCZ3D91AbZOSUGyUmJzvR2iHOYBrzf/rsfV75ARxCMaFhESG9mOrYwM2JPyhIRAx1S9vaFzG2TGgMOwAK20x12Qc+iO339p1f2W9wjOloYPub8phKZUzAKICJAoIiIciEm0aZIze9pgmIiFkRJ2ZEhWTNilUGQcxoIuSE6jWBm1vNZMqMBzWWj7JStcla25NUwaXStT5g5Jo3BCw1koOyQA2JBCDPVfOzzHgyWyYRS03RIozD/jrLXk8pirIDFBGbSEkOBMqe7QJ/pDcS50hN2Sd/7jtY+Nuu/iNzxzrU4x/Y4Asg+9xjSeyqsGnMmdoSDaEKWIgKEToEYMSWiWImYJwlKOm5BJOSj5IlAgDyUW79lfaxTTZ0mROJkQi5m39M32aAr/cA9i/JE4MrU5wDN92GcAHJH9Iw5RMtIHT9pKEdl7P2nlqEsLXRAmdrnOPqhb7RGP414eSdDgFlAzVN+xBFHrCT0ELwpleKIFhp9Xc6SIEVZ93XWdv9jl+A426FvC7lG9jnH/4AeBs4pLB7MmdgZr2qaJb8ZKlJBMBBFtB4adOFCMEblMYTIPBQwNHlQhmVhtGoVGiCVqbJG8oiTYXIMIi9wbKrkk4T3SoYQPALUXRMxKF9ycJyOkV/3m3OyOD4ENG3IqS9btmzFv5+E50H8hcJiwJyJPRFESDtrxB5yZ7yM23pIEF2CVFEiymwbCpBeqsyAtEXB0keIUl/jVKP9z3HTQF8PvHfv3KJMkTgZbU9qzjaOKL05pg09kHTvGwUnam4evb4KhcWAOTMt4hldRJlIJtEvQrdMk3TGgeMxKlbuVCSZtNGQoAZErjgc7QIaTRFjnKWoPYTJQSF6sC3R+yTRJ/GUafLs2gvIr+bg/Stfx6VqT18WolaxOjBVsxkdTZBlKgHdc41cNuBnaLpbKKwK8x5Ch8wZcEiSUYSEhgQOCOkgxsgX+YcCRCmSlGvXsCefLpduwqd8KR88y2jD77SexX29e++dXMpWmkg6g/NRy5Ci4YQ4KfuGBsRurhjD83UlJGflmQuLBXNm2jSSWZBkiLJPKonWhxb1iBTlr43UQzSIcWjOx2hBA05821SfdpObGRlpjpD3vOc9LU3jOaQ1RMdSG8ofPMtCkKb7SGOpHfgtx44ILfqDW5NJWfu0nP7W1ojd4BpyDw0JRtR+lKHF/0JhMWDOLCYiYwSIXJpAbwfVa1GZOSjAzI56Q4RwJgkRLueC6KyTe5Zq8ZuBirwc57+JnYw+NVkS+ZDNNBBHaD26IEoEaN54E5mR33BvpCmNhEyVt2ORqHcihQOec9JA6spaObsfeU2d7EtaepNIzSjrgw46qEXBRqAa4s4pieLlsKcF8io/NR/z2xstrZupjz6feeaZ7etD5uGRCluIslxdjOpIFjrc1/vC0sSciT1RjDXlz0T/2SbisaZkk1Y0ZEa5EZ8qv3UiLf8ZMBmRvGPJYzunI1qPgxoSOEc9dszcd8ghh3QvfelL20yD5pf3VSURPWJl0NOSXRkrR2tlrPZjNCxZfU3LDILSRgheHtvkZcrcO/AuyD8t0FUycOimuPWRZx9I11hqmgnTNCB5KbCh1TjHga57D+zOuygsTczLm0eQFImhmiNcOgDJUDLkKoJ0zKQNmHG6JyA6UbseFyIY8oi40gipVkEmES5ytGYIk3Y+swU5RbY+VSZCNxTcfOyiYvtEZp4L6UyLeOIQlb13oByRuXlhjjzyyNYAaV6Y5zznOY00zRWuhqRnj/fkGaYFeiuVRQ66oQZEZziqzF2utkRWej10eBdknqY+FKaPORN7cquMmnGIfqynBSTHwZCBwSLsRO7+J7Kk9I7ldOJ8Qv5DAtk8D0gXqBEln66sATmRe1rl7r56wQQadg2uMshKo+/Xvva1lo6zXbuAXiZI36Arck8zYk+Ei8x9VUuELv/PiZpnxWAq5Ss4yHsoFIaOORO7KIfCI0oGzkASLYh+GQTDZUDIc5IIQYhkRS1IUKTl26c+bm3iqTQuGiSDVFKTsPZ/aMSufMlrEbmbsEwaw+I5U+V2nLKeBpQfGZC7QTxvf/vbG3lnRK/ZKTWYGghGP7wLM0AaDITsp1lLis4oW9/O9W1WtQxdHXfZZZc27e0+++zTPlIxzbaA1QU9UMacv4BrWum5wnQxL8SODBE5JUJAjBwYrP/WiN0ySYTY3P/WW29tQ+7lpg060ZvEUHGfPiOzBcjHACLn0MBARe1kSw4bGVk4LlG857Z90o5zVdBGoT1AqsUHxMniKz8aSk2JYBpffcTNWql3jL7iph2+4YYbplru7o0IM7pXhC7V5aPs2223XWsENse5spdeGjrogufhZOl4EfvSxJyJXc5XTxgEJCcZctFQphuhXg8bb7zxyo8UJCruL7NF0hF9QqDA6a6oe6DvVGoAE33Z7nhpmOSkTUUqTSOloeqd6Jf8qXGMLpNEnB6ZyOKrN57Pf7KnXDNnDEek7JERkhfJO4ZhW/xWJnGyk0QcqrSLD1IoU9GvyB2hr7/++m0KWaRuOlntMOC59NGfZoqDTihjOqG8LMo9tSNlaxvd8F78HkVfl/vLfKGv58hauZGLHiT16bftakCcqzmEpB69m3RmKCwdzNnqKZiokXKJaKQ+KDUyFSXLs77iFa9YGfXMBzgQBhkypPjur0Hummuu6c4999y2pvSOI6OJnMxZ7ss4jFMvjRgM8vObcYRAFxohAs9hMQ/2tttu24yTg0zDnYZeMsoB+/pNnGbk9iyWSTuiPrxrECUm164RFWHa13/v5FaLQvRkRkQGXA0J9EVgoMHX7Jq6xCJUzwPIEokuVEQc5+xeyoyDoa8iczYgWDG7J1tTtnr2qJ3qxsvxc0qFpYU5E7togGIxYMom+mLIDJsRG0zjy0QUbL6MwD1DhNZ6MiB10aKvtesOaJQmwxPVvuQlL2kjCTkXxklOhCLyZyhIECEx2IUw1HHoPw+5pQN8RMPHNqQwOChg1Pb7b9Iq/cTVSvQZ5wyUvWdaiEg9ILN3IhVjTRf0q48D9u4DZa8vPgflWN0IpceGBLM6Sh/RJ18EExSceOKJLYARLNB3DnemCH6+QT85G++dfZHDb4RNb6WztFecffbZTXY1Im0bAgR6QN7C0sJay4nhtSt+3y0gVYbJePV8QJaq10kZ6NMc4kzEMQr7ZwMKTVnl0UXmcukWn5PzGTZORf9pOVLVf4uo1v3JKKI/88wz2xzbiN63Ig3+QYqWhSTFgGz9+0ph6dLIOZq73L44IcciU2ufLNMomag98ltmW653F7oDcooaS30VCZn7BqdJs8jTfzaRrm0atA38QVScmC//TBNkzMJBffzjH2+9edRA6VlkRapIVi5eeXvucToN81X+CNr75kgsypIe032OR0O08iS3exr3YIyDXj4ckOMn3b5VGBbmTOyUWj4SscutUq4rr7yykb2oQZ6SMYvOHDeuWnh3DECUIjrXre7yyy9veXXX0VtEf2nVaLUFvTHIJDK0iOblIL/+9a83I5b/3WGHHdqaQ5hWtZUs4P4Wz2LNIBEK2Ri3iBcx2u6YlJ19DNg5C0nqQCbwZXzVf0QkRcRZ0gv7Qyzkk0K4+uqrWwoGUcnHG7Q0TfSJ3ahYA6mUOeKmtyL16JCAoF/G9o/DfL0DMilTEDgpZ3osQleOGqIFKNqNdBTQm0etSGBA/mkFK4XpYc5vG5GKuEyUZC16pNDykpTuvPPO66644orutttuW0lec4WGWcSO0A12ofSUWP5cbwYRuAZRURUwBh9Q0Ifa6EJRGCOg8HpDSNcwDP+nCeQMyi9Vb8SHFGOYDDVEGuKwRqDTkt+9LUjbu0iu3W/PEXkDTljEyfF7Nu9uSCD3Flts0R111FHN6XgH3g29USNErPTPc3C6k4bgSTkKnK699trurLPOalMdcIzKUDdMtSP6L1LXtsUe6QPdmC+7KywezEvELl9qMMf222/fUi8isuT5brnllu6SSy5phix6p2Sqh0hAFET5GL7tlpCVVEt+Q5STgcnhyiWqFThXhGX4uq51JseSunDvRFgm0NJ3mlEwUqSPTDQ+yr+LztI4Sa5pAHH3oyrlShZlEMK2P1XxwP5+OU0DnI1FSkYjHtk322yz1t3Ru/YuE7FLZRhP4DjvSMpGDyB6M00oQ+VKTjpGZuWuJrf22mu3IAG5ejZkLqBA8gIYaTP6490AnXQsnXVN13ZN2yy2Rd/7i32gjBxjYSPSncpLhK49RfuQewmqNKyzO90y1Tzpcl8fPENkKCwdzJnYKSMlQ7Zyq3K+cnyUjkJa7EPwFJIiiu4QAWN2PqVjSJQ/ZMaApG8oJWOLcaRq6TgEzvAQg/SLKjEDZHhGNupup1HJoBkRpH3yjvvvv3/78r+v/IvYXS9RcRnB3YOy937UjKQq1JK8a20EyhRZeS/IXD93fdi9Q+0gyJ0DGBLITD66q1FaTVTjOznpMd0U2SNcJK9HGH2kY8qBPrGL6FL0F1FL8YwDnYfYgXtII2oTorPXXXfdSrtYd911W8pFMKNWoZzJGgc6itLppYU5EzslQ4zSBhTdb0qkx4YubSJ15E5ZGTfyZ+C2ibQh1XhKKXIR8bvWqKIyNtdHGqIkqR/EjkAYlOtotGUIFhG9SIo88r1GQCISDXWj1X8GY3H/MoLZQXlZOGkpt/Q4QoJSXN6LyNY+ThapS6cJAIzs9G5CakNAHLzIO89lkfLQ04eO+U9mtRSNrPSbbntuZOy5EbtAxHGuQ5cdQ8fGIUGL81xD6lBZSbuwGWTuGsoNoWs/Ymfkcg8yz4TS6aWFeyxXsjkl4KLg1sjdb9F3GpR0GUuDk5QMBWXwjqOcukJq5PRfqkYeUwQkkkbcxEPyiWIotuhfhKRLXXq7cBoaUpGKHKhUEEJhiLoC6iWjmorQRUyuaXG9RFa5F+MqrD6UmRoReM+nnnpqi8o1mt///vdvBIQk7dMtVdTqXZhfXs2JrgwtYqfPghZ6Gf2m13TEdj1ldKk11a/eWPSMzlrLd++1115NN+kaMncN59K3mQiYDqsBWH/qU59qtU5OQ9m4jkBJuW2yySYtzeVagh9l6x1E1nEoYl9amDOxjwIBUyLRB2OXkkGUDEEEIr/qt4YnyiodYxCINdIVoei+xShMm4p0GT6FTaOcgRgIQtVYV0aGJvcoB+lerotQRDNSQ9I05HAtYKQMYZRMEqGtKvIp/DSUJXC8yBzhaQPRyKfG5t0iIVEodTPwShpBI3ciVPuHBLqQPPuobKJ0zwJ007wy/su520eHNthgg9aAaVZO7Q2em+56VkQ/DubXOfnkkxuxsx9BkPtrw6LnAiDtQylHjoSM5Itux/5GUcS+tDDnVAwFlO5g1AhR1E7p/FYdjVGIxvVEQdC2IVdVc+caPITIXUOUoiuXfQyCooqCKK7qu26Khx12WIv+9IAxOZN+866R6q80jYhmjz32aA1LSD01CmvG4l5+k5MBeQ4RfhnA7JHaFCRyRHgICNErU9u9G7lgjda65dEJZMfBDq3c49yjy3SFrPTEsyFV6T/7pPiQuDKQikG2HJroW5pJpE23YCZSBxOQ6ZuurBynTJSNXi7PeMYz2jZBjGBFpK7c3Uu5Rl4OKb/7KL1eWpj3iB1muiQCVQ1H2qI5vVQ0OInM5dspv2qtof+Um+GbjkD0o3ort3nCCSe0LpSiGg1KBx98cIv+NSBxGIxODl0/dl8ZouSjEVdQyj4/GPe+pcKQG+JBisieQ7XmgL1bDts7QFZDS8WMw0x67RnpmRSiNBS9llL0bJ5d8KF2Ih2oh41nlUq0n/PTHqQGqnswspYzdy8pLITORpSZ8xKZK8c400JhFAtK7ECZKa/coWidcTMK1XURtXSNiaKQgOgH5Ok1HImQ5GTl7BmG+TA4BUZkAirRlGidAcndU36OhFGMQxH7/GCm97265eu9h7CGjJmeU5RM1wQjBgvpX37jjTe2Np90HKDPAg1dEg3GEv0LSIwY1fakDEThyFwOPSOPHSu1qHxmClAKhVEsKLFTcMovwhGdU3bHUn7EzkDkZqVQRDoiF8eKeGSMHKtRzsARvSx8Hk50z6gsiB0YSIjC/ewbhyL2+cG49+1deodgf8rau0BQtlmSNlgM72LccwbRPVE1klYrpXtHH310a2D1W3l4TjlzOipap/u26VIpqkfqApNE5wKfIGUGzlkMZVaYDuacY58NKCWDp5CqkYwa2Yuq5cHtkzs3mAhU5+Uo5R31OXecc0Q4qu+qtXrGiG4sjMF+RuReIZGZUIYxOXgP3rF3kLUFuaWtA7yfxf4eyI/Y0zgqYJFqopvaenTHtU+PLXlyek1/6alG/t122621O2hQlnJ0rusIfuL4lJeFvdjmnqW/hZmwoMROERk5xY9SUlIKq7pJ+TU4aUDVOMUgHGcCJoZjyLS8LWK33VQA+vRKuyQicv00VHEUCD7GMYoyjMkhuXVlrPy9i2xD5nTAu7LfO1rM74LsCSI8U1/fELkcue3Sh/6L1umoDgNqo9qK6LZUY2qa4JyUDUL32z3cazGXV2HyGM94EwLFDPxm7JAWfo1PBrCIZii5htLNN9+8/V62bFnLpdtHqZ3LSETqMSoGlQjQNkAkhYUH4kZe3gdY+8+BW/fJybtf7PB8ni3PG3BmaqMaQU0FLN0iBaONSQSvnAQxdDno62/guoh+9PqFwjhMhNgp5rilH8n4HeWNYev1okEpUYpcoxSM6qlt+vi++93vbsrtv7xkGkkZVVIx4PyQS1+G/lKYH4wrW8s4jNu+WMhq9PmyrAoJZhC8AXcaRwUydFPnAbqbgCT20L9uf+24u7pfoQALGrHPBNF3CFlKBZJG0ffdXCIMwTwk5suQo2UEIhiL3wynUFgMEMiEqC0h/0JhvjAIYg+ZU/ikWhC1OWNEN/KQondpFVVW0Y39RrBanF9V1MJiAX1F5onS/U5aslCYDwyC2JMHp+CIXRSDuDWmGtSkd4EPN1jLTyZCR+pGnfpdxF5YLIi+p7YJ1RZUmE8MJhUTRMFtM++GXjBy54agy1HaLxXDKKRn0qCE3AuFxYC0KfVTMWtCA3JhOBgEsWv4FKnrv5seMpRdL5jMBmlemHzD0X6LQU26O0rdJJ1TKAwJfeKmp/Tcf7CNflsSuRcK84FBELu+u6Jw/X0NuzYFgLljdHPMzICMQe8YE4Pp/8tgTIZkdCro/VIoDA2jxG48Bl0HXXXpbaVhCvONwTSeSqkYkGQujRe96EXtE3d6xOjjKy1j1KlRqPkOpWlMTWEq7844KsdeWCygz/RVR4B0BihyL8wnJjJXzGyheqoqitw1mPpor1kazZORXgO2S8P4b54YjagidsQPIiLRUaEwJCBxkXomozPQ7oUvfOHKNqGXvexl7aMcJvxyXKEwHxgEEyJspA5y7FIyCDtROIV3DGOQj0ToPokXUocB+KdCYbUQvZaWsYT8C4X5wqBCXJF7cpGqptaUXqpGpC4XzwEgePtsTxW2ovXCYgEyp6/ahyxSidWrqzCfGBQbispD0IngRTejv3VzdJzf6U1QEU9hiFCTpKtJKSJwepwoPTOTVo2zMJ+oMLdQmBKQuRonki8U5hNF7IXCAkO6EaQSfRNWu1GhMJ8oYi8UFhiJ0BG7+ZDywe9CYb5QxF4oLDCkYNIxID1jCoX5RBF7obDASCpGfl1PsIxELRTmC0XshcIEITpH3HrD6Blj4J1v9eopY46kO+64o0Xv3/3ud1ecUSjMHUXshcKEoXsjIhepi9J9+xTZ+43sjUjtD7YrFOaKIvZCYYIQjSNv5I7YEbr5jQy2sx25a0A1RUahMF8oYi8UFgAidmkZPWEKhUmjiL1QmCDSjTGjTUXslYopTBpF7IXCAiAROzKvVExh0ihiLxQmCBG73LrRpYjd9NM333zzyi8p6S1jf00rMD14D4t1mQlF7IXCBMH4kLtFOsZXwSx+3+te92pfCPNfBF8ozBeK2AuFCUI0jtSlYsxG6hu91hpR5dV9e8C3fi2FwnyhiL1QmCAQO4Tcfa/XR9m32GKLbpNNNunWXXfdNg11oTCfGMSn8QqFNRVy6r4KZu37phpK5dW/9a1vrUzLIHypGORfWHgsZgqcSWeK2AuFCQKR686o8dSHZGKIIXz4/ve/36YaKEwHM1Hgtdde233nO99pv2+99da27uMlL3lJW7/pTW9q62Dbbbdt5zkffJTftsB2i232jcO4a8Lo8UXshcJAMJPJVcQ+HYzrkXTYYYd1J598cnfCCSd0n/zkJ7uTTjppxZ4f45BDDuk23XTTRrTPe97zug984ANt+6Mf/eh2zic+8Ym2LdsBOT/nOc/prrrqqu7cc8/tbr/99hV7fnw9+30qEdz/oosuase45n777de27bzzzisdCn2ZUWcQe6FQWDj88Ic/HLsUpoM777zzJ5blJPqj+9znPj+6+eabf7Sc9NuynHjbtizve9/7Vu775je/2bY5L9uy9M/pb3d+f59r2D4qx3Ln0X73z8l9VqUz1XhaKBQKK7D//vu3KFuE3E97jP4XPSc9I2IXbYvUVxeO19U16Ef2gW0HHHDAin8/PocMtqtNrApF7IVCobAcX/ziF1cS7C677NLWwfJIuXvd61634l/XUiSvfvWrWy5cG8lsSD2QVgmkbvogBxJH5n1EhnPOOaetZ0IRe6FQKCyH3HewzjrrrPj1/7HRRhu1HHmgAVSu/J3vfOeKLbPDZptttuLXj4lcT6nglFNO+QniD8gA4xpz+yhiLxQKheXQWHlXOPjgg1tjZiBy7xPybPCoRz3qJ66V9Iqagwhe+mdVSO1iHIrYC4UFRnozjC6F6SDln3SI9Meq3sdoeuTQQw9d8Wv26F9Lzxv3lbNXM4hclh/96P/PD5Pc/IUXXtjW41DEXigUCrOA/HafkDmE0X7nq4vRqPxJT3pSS7OMS8MEIv27QhF7oVAorCZE0xo19Tvv95JB7KtKjawK6ZcOSJ3T6F97JvR71YyiiL1QKBSWI0Q5U84cqRuspAeMXjJXXHHFT5CrLpB3B4g917G+qx42kW9VkXsRe6FQKCxHiHK06yEkItd42kc/ZaIh9e6mZHKd1UmzRL5VRfVF7IVCobAco42iIDrWOBrCRu6i9sCcP33EAVhE+H2I6Pvn9pGuj/3ulOOgx0ywKmKvuWIKhcKSxg9XTK2MxHfdddeW55YOQfS23XjjjW0/6KFy3/ved2VkPS6vLp3SnwemD/tmisp1d5ypi2Nk7I+Mlec3M+g4FLEXCoUljZAmIPXddtut5dAvuOCCFVt/TOhB//dCgYyi/e233745B7JZF7EXCoXCGPSJHZC7bodGeZ533nmNPC3pTz4NkHHzzTdvsmm0NTKWPDMRe+XYC4VCoQe56+OPP77NqX744Ye3bdOI0vuQnzdnf0j9rlARe6FQWNIYjdjBV65+8IMftI+O+0atNUwzYh/FqiL2IvZCobCkMY4C77zzzkamiBOpTztiHycjmWaSq4i9UCgURrAqWpwGyc8kz0yyVI69UCgU1jAUsRcKhcIahiL2QqFQWMNQxF4oFAprGKrxtFAoFNYodN3/A8TvsSZaFD/SAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)or
a boronic acid anhydride thereof, comprising the steps:(a) providing a boron
“ate” complex of formula (XV):![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUoAAADJCAYAAABFenvHAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAF7sSURBVHhe7d0JuHVVWQfw45DZqGWDYmk5plnOA6KipoUiWIaKSOWXZGqKaYYaCIpAPgYkMQgiFJ+G+IEag5aYaYppgpgNhmKWmtpsk42S8Vvc/+dms/e999zvnPude+/7f5717H32XnsN73rXf73vWmvvc6OvXItJoVAoFEZx46VjoVAoFEZQRFkoFAoroIiyUCgUVkARZaFQKKyAIspCoVBYAUWUhUKhsAKKKAuFQmEFFFEWCoXCCiiiLBQKhRVQRFkoFAoroIiyUCgUVkARZaFQKKyAIspCoVBYAUWUhUKhsAKKKAuFQmEFFFEWCoXCCqgP9/YwJo4b3ehGS2cbD0N1+t///d/JTW9608mNb3zjdn+sfu4J4hUKWxWl/VsUiC/kFzLMeR9D1wqFrYQiyi2Km9zkJu3IsgycX3PNNUu/CoVCsOld7//7v/9bOlsdxlzQzeZ6w5e//OXJf/7nf06+6Zu+qf1WR3GH4pfrXdjK2PTajyiHAstpKGwl/Nd//VcjRfL43Oc+N/nXf/3XJgOWJRJ1HTbyIFEozAJblijHwlaC+rIU//Zv/3by3ve+d3L55ZdP/vu//7uRZIhykzschcKqsCVWvVWRi2mV9xOf+EQjhFvd6laNCL7whS+0+br73Oc+kzvc4Q6Tb/7mb27xIETh/j//8z+33ze72c0m3/AN37DTyhoT3+6wwv7nf/6nlS/nIcJc+/u///vmZt/85jef/MVf/EWr+z/8wz9M/vzP/3zy0Y9+dPJ1X/d1k7vc5S6TRz/60ZP73e9+zbJkdULc80JhK2JLEGXcaoTx13/915M//uM/nnzqU5+avPWtb21Ed4tb3GJyxzvecbJt27bJ937v906+5mu+Zuf8nWcQS5c8u/N1i0SU//Ef/9HIrp/3P/7jP7aB4d/+7d8mX/ziFyf/8i//Mrnyyisnf/Znf9YGAKT5sY99bPL1X//1k0c96lFNDve9731bOupnoKg5ysJWxpYhStDhzcP95V/+ZSPJE044oVmH3/Zt39auP+lJT2pkcs973nNy//vff/Kd3/mdk2/8xm9sZJk9h4gSkCcsElGqp/IJ8kf2rsWNvvrqqyeXXnppI0nuNgJVX8Qp3m1ve9smg6c+9amTu93tbi2NrI4XClsZW2bDuWoiDK4mF5Tbef7550/e+c53tnk5RMIi42pywbniD37wgycPf/jDJ9/1Xd/ViORbvuVbGnlwSReRKEE9ELpysR4NAIj+7LPPnnzkIx+ZfPzjH2/WtPKLp+4GAxa1uj7mMY+Z/OAP/mBztclLHMe474XCVsSW8qd0eATytV/7tW0Obq+99mquKovKnN6XvvSlyV3vetfJP/3TPzUSPeeccya///u/31xUlhfSYGFJI3N3iwQkGeJG1CHCt7/97ZMdO3ZMLrvsslaPW97ylq0e5GFO9k53utPk7ne/++TOd77z5Ha3u90N5iPFKxS2Mja9RckSjPuoqqxBhMKisoBhHtIc3Stf+cp2jkiQTCwz7nfmMB/72Mc2axORIBskg3SHsDssSkTPKpb33/zN3zQ3G8n/4R/+4eTTn/50m6c0hfDv//7vrfxI8d73vvfkIQ95SKuT+66pL0R2kUWhsFWxZVzvPliRyJK1xA1nbVnkYYEhld/7vd9rRPEd3/EdLT5y+b7v+7622GP+klt+m9vcpt1DLBZCLAIBYkFWXbIk5mkJB/FxeUPcSA5xIXS/3UueoPxnnXVWq4MB4T3veU9zs29961s3AlVXlvMjH/nIyQ//8A9Pvv3bv73V5/u///sn3/qt39rSUM7dQfKFwiJjyxJl19JEIrbI/NVf/VUjE3OYiNJ8XuY0uehIyeLPve51r2Zdclm56eb1WGjSgaTrKIR4phU1MgRlUl5EiRzNPZovBXl+9rOfbcT4jne8Y7J9+/ZGpKxdRIs0HRGi511/2MMe1qzI7/me72nlNkcJ8gkBFwqFr2LLEiVi6Vp9LC2kwnLkTiNJrvkVV1wx+eQnP9mIFIkgE6TJBbdajpQOPfTQZmWyFlmprEuIaBGsfKYVtWeSp7QTWMPusRbf//73t3lU5InUXYuViaRZu7e//e3barb8rWabj1RHpB9IDxlDiL5QKFyHLUuUqo0sBefIhSWFhJAL4kGa9hma7zvvvPPa0at+LDhAmEiFZfkjP/IjLWSOz3XpIjpHRJSwWoS8HOOyxxK+5JJL2ko2Ev/85z/fys06VA8WItI358hqPOigg9qKtvKbLnAdwafppY04pylbobCVsGWJsosQWRdIErirSMgeRPsPbbH54Ac/2BZ9kBJLVFwrxtxZexGdI09urrk/JITgEFKsvdWC2+w55UDSNob7/eY3v7m52oieBasOyN2cKmtX/lb2zT9yu5Fj0lIeBN4vS1ShCLNQuD62LFFmew/iCBEBMuGShthi1ZmnNC/IvT333HMnZ555ZiNPZMiCZMGZL0RCD33oQyf77LPPzoUSiyYh42mI0jMsWq43QuZmW8m+6KKLWtmUS5Am61adnv70pzc3G1HaUC4N5TYlEMJWVmk6Zqog7nbKWSgUvoqyKHsYEwfLjWWJMM1XmsP0+4/+6I8aeSFXLq94rDf7Mbm5e++99+SAAw7Y+Tz3HjFlfjD5jZGTrUvcbC72n/zJn7Q5SHERJQtSmogaMXpHe7/99msWJeKUhwFgrE5FiIXC6lBE2cOYOFhiObLczPE5Z929613vapbmZz7zmUZe3FpwtEL+7Gc/uxEZ0mLFmcfcY489WhrcdhafNOXNwmMJvu9972tkaIuPFXiWpedZhcgRyUnHRyxsW0LS3qgRWLksRpamUERZKOwaiih7WA2piIOIECVSM3dohdzGboTpmiMS5I4jP7BpHXHaw+jjE4iQpRnrEhlaKPrTP/3TycUXXzz5wAc+sJN05SU9UwP3uMc92muVFmh8vMJvBIpIWZKAkFmvyl1EWSjsGm7ysmuxdF5YBiEVBMn6M2fonCVnQzeCsl2I5Whvpc+5ISjPIS2kiOhYnVxl1qB7SBRBsi59rIObzYI0/2lfpziswuTvHMkiSYtHCNOCEXdenJC4o7jLIWkWCoXlURZlD2PiQCqsOveRngAIDklaBbcgIo45TPOJvtDDykR84iNVc5wsQCTHRTafiRQRJivUijoLVVrZVC5vz1rFZkHaC2ll3Qp7th+lPCxUYE1mgWq5OhUKhZVRRNnDcqTiHmuSxYbIBNcdWYssRbDgIo73p5Hmq171qslVV121c9Wca47YuOWsPiQpHe5zLEMELJhzfMADHtD2Q+65557t3WykzKKVXhZrELCtQYgalAkQ6Rghjl0vFArXRxHlLmJMfNxtROczZ1asfZzCwow3fZBtVsgRLOsPoQkINATs1UiWp4B0s5jT/7pPUMRXKMwHRZS7iCHxucayQ1xIL4TIHfc3FB/60IfaEYmyJhEqC9FKOHK0iu26eUx7Mc1DSkeayLIsxEJhfVFEuYsYEx/Sck/IOTJkaXqrxtfV/S0Fd52V6HNuXoHcd999G2GKz3LsutCC31nZ7qOIslCYD+ojg3MAy88cJWJDjOYiWZVZJbeIw8U2P8ma9K62zek/9mM/1t7kQZzZMC4e0hTXNZZmoVBYXxRRzgFZeY71h/CQH7JDoixJK+KxOBEpaxMpZg4SmbIQzV9KI6vY4hQKhfVF9bo5AEFmaw6r0vxkVrhdt89SQJrimoNkKdpPKX53HpIVyioF97yVUygU1hdFlLsIhNYPCDHWot8syswr2ohu1RtJshq54vZDej8bYYqPGD0L0oq7zZo0p9nNqxsKhcJ8UES5jjAf6SMXWe3mZiM4CzjmJkN4riPSQqGwGCiiXEfYKG4/pcUb7nUWfWwkZ1FmhRtcLxQKi4EiynWE+UV/2+BPwLjWXHDuNGvSmzfeygnKlS4UFgdFlOsMH7pgUXK9hfzLozlM85WARDMvWSgUdj+KKNcRXXfbPCQytDjDskSOXG/Hmp8sFBYLRZRzALJDho6CD2GwJP1/uOs+ZuG6P/vyRSCr3/kYRp63FWgrgVyGAjn0A/kUdh3Rz6FQuD6KKOcA84629dh4bqsPImQ5uo4QXcvKt//TKRQKi40iyjmA1QPZeG6Etn/yt3/7t9vn0FxDmj70u9XQtw4T4Kyzzmrf7uyGN77xje1eYdcwJPOyHFeP+ijGHOB1RK8cAoVkQV5wwQWTk046qf0ZmY/1IlEf4X3CE54w2X///dumdBam5uByuo9MNxvULUCEPgbi6JVOxy7cc/3YY4+d/NAP/dDS1a9u8i+sHl25B2Q4pmMl3+ujLMo5IPshLcpwv/MxC4QZAqSIVrx9Rm0rIdaMT84ZFAwerMY+SQKSLMwGkXs3lI20emx6oqQMQ2GeSPqOVrQhXyNnOXrv2znL0r8oIlIEmuc2oyUZxBq0Feotb3lL+yO1lZA2y7OF5ZGFMDJDiAZrcqNjdM9fjfh/JkcvQXStzTxTuD7KopwDsr0HGeajvP7+wQIOZUWW/vPGn5JZ3EGU4gaxODcjQnY66kc+8pGlq8PgerO6s9c0z25W2cwCiI7+dQcWxGfAds5KP/fccye/+Iu/ODnqqKPaYOUFiNyne/GICl9FEeUc0O3IiNJCDmJwToGtdPvrWhblVgUSXM20w3Oe85xywacE/QvZhfxYjf6/6Q/+4A8mb3vb2ya/8zu/M7n00kvbn9/93d/9XSPX2r87jk2/mDNWvS6ZzRpcHRaivI3W73vf+ybvfve7J5dddlkjS3/1sM8++7RXF/3Hd/5tsY95lnF3ob+oYG5SR3Xkhh9zzDFLd64jU7LS0cvSWR1YjwjP9jSgi9ztj3/8420+2LcGuNyZBnrkIx85OfjggycPfvCDd1qhXe+mcB3KopwTuNsUlkvjP3KM5hSQ4loR505a4Nnq80E66oEHHtjkceqppzbCdE0wkBSmQwwDemVQMuXjxYZzzjln8va3v71Z5+aHv/SlL7W3w/wnPJ30G4okh1FEOQdQVkTpKLCYzE+yiigwUojrvdWJMmBJ+iverkUJLPHC6hEvxCDNe/ExaB+JNlBDXnhAkg972MNa8DcksdoLw1goySAVDWwkNMohkX7IvQS/hdwT+qAYmX9xDhl5wbnn14KQYTdIi5sosCiN4r5y7rd7t7zlLdv8HNdydynnULmXC7NCOmQ6tLTJhEvYxRFHHNHCjh072r3ES+iWrRu2Oug/+YYoDdC+gYowWYuCQdz/xW/btq39oZ3pDVZmTW2MY6GIUudJSIfqBw1t/iUhje+eDhRCDKRlRLWYInz0ox9te/jM01AkQJ5cjyGSXQuURdl03FiTlDMdHMFzvxGmeaJuvbthM6LblkAeP/ETPzE57rjj2jxZAhc885Zk6K2dLkkWhpEBOlajL1W94x3vaLpurhJhcrfvda97NY9GfymZroyFs7V1oDR2OkY3dBvUb6RDKRwRJiSO+RmkaEHF/Mzpp58+ed3rXjc544wz2nchvSXjlULxKZX0ZgHlYEl+8pOfnHzsYx/b6YYjY+To3e/MD+UNnq2Kl770pU0uBrExnHzyye1+3+os3BD6TVffrGrTfSTJEDBo3//+9588/vGPH11ELNwQC0eU06BvfXWtFODyvuIVr5icffbZ7e0PBGkP2Zve9KY2uf2bv/mbbQ6Ma4IkZ0VayvPFL36x7RO8/PLL26gtbYp6t7vdrbk6FDrEvtXBYlwOWdSpbUIrI94KfbbLgv4hSV+wut3tbjfZa6+92t8isyhL/1aPhSLKWIisMaHrpiV0XVLnGptiuBeEKLkZ9or97u/+brMexfcVH5bmBz7wgck73/nOdv+DH/xgc8XlPSv4mjkCZgnJN5vKEaUQ6zVl3ap47nOfu3ND+RDucY97tKM5XSvhheWRf/z89Kc/PXn/+9/f/hqZzoOv6D/60Y+e3POe99zptRVWh5u87Fosne9WIA4ug0bmMgjIhqvQDeYbWWvOzbsgt8z/IUy/ERMl4KohRM+YC1TVJz/5yW1PmbS9vuU5E9l5U6ZLuGsFy1Ee5tgoq//pzgcvDjrooKasys79lt9GUNjuADUrkIdV2Ac84AFtIPvxH//xNrgJT3/609vvQw89tBHkfe5zn6WnvupJDGEe5dxI+MxnPtPm4e3dveSSSxphmi833UPOtmIZdBgi9F4bRJ5bXXbLYSGIEtEhLUQnGBURyWte85o2v/jZz362zSma7zNCmne0N9G5+RYNrpERDjc35CNdb8UgSQR12GGHNRIzd8iCFI8CsVr23nvv9lv+QxhTolyXryB9ysdKfde73tU+1suSRMzmJBHAd3/3dzfyBERNkWeBMevU4KFu3To4T3mVz2/Bb3Jzr9uJUr/83lVIW1B/87amI6zA3vWud53st99+7dygOWRtqkvq0w9DGJNLdkN0ywL0jx5ID6EoR/Qp7qpnM0DnWhdjecJYOaeBwT/7cMkClJWB8YY3vGFy3nnnNWPCW2Cu+6YAuaqb/uCvkcU1UPV1o3BDLIxFSem4xO9973vb+6fcYoR49dVXN6K86qqr2ugojrmq/PcMEnANIbLQuLganmIjKed3v/vd20oq5bcCyHpBlGBCW+f0yTPPjpHWSoqUziZQTKO6fMy/UWgEhBx9Um2PPfZoZdXBlC+KPk/IX0incE5+9tddccUVzQIma/K0GpoPdYgfgkznT3ldX2vZu/ICW6UAMQqs8Qc+8IGDcndtpfZYDbJrIvVMusjHNefudy1/18jIQO75kJWQuqxUtpXurwbyos8hekftaapnx44drX+4Hs+Mdf64xz2uESRZd/WvsDIW4hVGo5wRWoe1Ks1t0LgsL6vSlBFSVMeM5iaoWSQa3WuBlMEoipRMYCPR2972ts1ytKBz/PHHN9eOAlG029/+9s16eeYzn7ms672ccisPRU2HQY4WjC688MJGQEZw+SnHmWee2RYnjOQg/qyUdawpXRfkRa7e1GAlGSxsv0GQSIBlTp5cM9YveZCjuvvIcIginZPMhbUgspIWkIHO/fznP39wcYclLoC408hsTC7yz73uUTDw0ktyoH/O6RVy9Bw5GGQduxa7Z3OfvIbg3q5CPtIx4DnXrhYPeVqvfvWrd5KgfkLvXvKSl7RpJ1DelG0aOW5lLIRFaXRGXu95z3uaJaHz6KBGSA2q0Vk4FEIHpyD5zWrkhoRsERAFRowhzBAVJZI+gnCdkkhfPG+FLLeosJJyK0uCsiBI80XK5lmdx0jO/Ym7I6j7mLs/K7BwWRDqakrAdptf//Vfbx9HyJSGhSek+eEPf7h9OMG0wZVXXtlIlVzJUN26ZV8rSUJXXghSJ/cBDO00BPfzEQ3kNQuyUYcutBHwXAyqdkuQD72xIEgOZBliTKCvcdX9JuflyjeLsssz+cuPHvG6zj///KZzBjauN2/JtJNB7053ulPLWx9S1zxfWBkL43pzp23VoZRxbbgJFj78AZftDFaLkZkRUqPrtEiPAiM+z7n2Az/wAy0OBaLAOiPl0LFZmBSIZWA0pvhWBbne8hvDSsrd7fiUULl0OEflcg15254h77h9yoDE5gl1Rt7cMlMPv/Vbv9UGGPJhLWU/JxnpZCw6BCkO+SijeDon613Z1dPza0VkhZwNbEceeeQoSQYGOW2kfWdBNtJQBrrGIuO9qLu9h/62A0ma9iGHT33qU+0Zc+lklMVER7LTlqsdOGZRdjpP/sovPYaGgc3cJKQPPeQhD2meln4Tr0D7KXOR5OqxEESp0XVmDW2BRseksBrZAsxjH/vYRjAPetCD2pGr7K8BdFqWBhJAQixQyspq8/4qiw5ZmesEZJtXB1l8Oib3nNJYEUS+Y8ozDVEiFR2PpcStRUCuq5f85YGcELS8Z9FxloMymPc1yY8AlIdFztXWgVgdpiBY1uYnlc19nQ0pqIeyayeyU2YunXqslSwjK22TAXI5kNuv/MqvtBVw8pqFzOiYwcPOCHPjBpCLLrqolYXrrf4safVVf4O5nRT2Jprb1cb0h+4BedA/9YrFNoRZlF15DFzaUjmVx8Zy8+L0D4EbUJ71rGe1fqNttZn2EjyvnGNlLFwfC0GUlIvS2krDBUxH1Hmf9rSntcaMS60jI0SK6Nx/0YTsjKoWALjRmd98xjOe0dxJFhL3Q4fT4Vkn4Jyi2TbBssuesz7GlJuyQUhDXZxLCxGzTtTFKK6cyk5pbUcywlNYaYc4umHaDpVnBB3INir186GJE088sd3PYPKIRzyibb0hnwMOOKDN7Rp87CIwQKmDDctIQD2QAtmQsQFFHaQvTW2RfMmSFaq+QxBH/MTTJjq1vMagzR71qEc1jwKJj4GcyTOd3zmrSlukbOSCYMjAwGwKgmy41nZDGKjVlz6przZVdyFtlYHWAGQfLivdM+JqU2nLI5a3c/c8CzkGIbAhkJU0+kH50i/o98///M+3/qO9yJNHZWO5/qD+jArHyMYx54WVsRBEqcNQYIpFUSkspTYiWiXW+BSD0oincyFJbhsLiWLoQAJrk6tOYXWEE044obm/iBhpIEwKhUR1ep2dYlsVRACUaQh95V4OFN+ozk2k1OaO5M1KY6EhGXUDyqpuQ5gmz0B+oHOqG0udO8ayJkdlsxXqiU98YiNLZQHlZT2ZwtD5lEmZEQT5aiNEr7yeCxGKT34gb9fH6gPqJF4IAAyI2ojl2sdTnvKU9r1EX7mRl+dgqJMjG/mLE3LSnsgSyamL+VgWrPlHJEkunsnUAvkIiC+kSm50Tnndc40sECYydR1pmv9FoPJzTXnJQjohpqQvDXFc65JoH5FRH/LQJkh6x44dzTJXb+nZWG6w03cYDPqSOhTWjoUgSopDWW3j4fKwLnRaykARudYUV6e30GAEFd785jc3C4ly6MyeYRllqw9StIIubQRsngm5+rozeIaVyk2PUqXT9zENaUX5jeLcW3kiLWVCCI6+3qKziOP3ENZClJAOY36Nq8gl01nIAXH4CIUPBuv86qszIgrnSFI8MnEfARhUgJvqnkFFevIIwSCidH7lHit7/7rf8jW9csghh7SVbV+1+amf+qnmTXiLxKCo3CmjfIcgf+VKGRxd8wyyQpIsR94EmdArOkaH6Ja22nPPPducHpJDrOIYMMgUOVo5Jj/3tSWXV57SkYeBkJ5x0w1C2lc56Lg0nEfmoC5j9YHE60OZDfSnnXZa212hDJGtwcW/e5IdubmuXQtrx0LY3hTFyGvUQ3bpsKzAt771re2dbNttEKO3DazseVfbZDtF0oEQU1a7o1yU2blOTNkplngsPZ2fErE+uScUmrLPAuoT61V+5ka5QjoKotEBWU861Tygvsqgk7POkQUSkD+52gLkGosEuh3VgCSeAcrcpY3gZEOuyq7DG2CkLZ9YXSEyndK15aBNxCMbbS0gYcSOYKQvH+kbYHKufSympNx9kLmy0CVlBQsx9MgAbCWfNcnqEycEknlZVj5r2VQEq5uc6GPyJkP3EeWP/uiPNg+Ejqm3QI50TF4sPQRm6gUJK4+8DIryFj9lGCPD5UBGqRt5yFu7KSOdtgUtuq/9CruGhbAoKbcOwnrhSlM0HU9HsiDjXraQ6FA6D5LJK4gsH5P8lNuiDOWjiEZZltNDH/rQFo9CSVfHQwDmMim9I1IIkQxBmquFdCiu8slLB6SwOg0C0ul0KK7bHe5wh1G3aJo8QccQEIZ6csd0WDIjS/lyc5/61KfuJChy8oz7yi0OGXgeHFnELBjl9Dv/HIkk1AeQo3wBAXTJt4/US57iOcpTWtL0G5TLtZAAspGv+0OyEU/eZG6QMvWS/4ZBko4sQHqAPMQzSLLAEJ9pG7ogT8/TR20ICEgZWZvqL39zplxcnojyiYsUlZt+0mNz7mSn7IlDxuCaMtPT1LkPaQ1BPupDpzwvHeVTn2ws16/kQSaFXcPCrHqbx7OP0hs5XBxK5bpgzsXqLKWhdIiSolMOCmME5aqJhwgojjlKnY4SZ0Sl2OL95E/+ZLMiuL+PecxjGtGmw1OsIUxDWjoDpUUsnlMu9bHyzOpFkiw95dHpxvZvTpMnpFORGQL0dhB5Zu4PQSBtC1csJVaUPJQt5KNTkYFz6ZAjd9VUh3Odj1vOQvZbG7BquPhIwX1ph2j7UEZpe84xQV7mC5WZ18CDsArN+kN2VqLJTfradaydWLqI3bOC+VmEyR32bLwOz5tuQXTmP1n9Bkt1Y9kiSa/PIkzt6VlH0zoW4sjJM4Jnsv1GPFZ5ZIAslZ2eqh9Zkbc6K4fByjPTEqVnfKNTXcnSQKwc5p4NwPKn02NyKkyHhSBKSke5TIYjEJ2chaIjG+2f9KQntbkhcz7cDVYma8BviocYH/7wh7c5TsRIAXU8CkShMidotHXfc1Z3uScUiUJT3BDEUBjDUNxYacqAMFnEFpB0GtYdiyL7QCmzczLwrOeUG6lNq+SekU7SMieHeAw8OrHOqhOZ+2MhiQPdTqrMOi+4bpBB8OSu3Dqjva1+k58BR/1MhbDaPCMvddOW2kon1nHdQ3baQ/u5rq6mQZQ9G90RHBfZVhdkhaRZTtrJ1q8QPDjmnC4gJZvFbabPwgp5yFsefivfvvvu2xaJ1IH1hXzJnt6J61n5myaBWN/yp2fOlYdsyZJcDNLqRpfNiZOLe/LT7jwi7SEt18lA+0uLPJWhi0xhiE9WgbKRo7e81IcMxWXt2j5nyiCDSWRT2DUsBFFSUEpFkXQuCkQBkNvP/uzPNosRwVFojW+U59oYmSkJUE4WAeswIzqSdD+dqRvyXB/u7SoodTcdZMPFRh6siiwQIBHlYFWmPOquA+qs05aFPNKp1J2byVLXmVni0jZY+GgrGRlgUlb5QY7gHnJnkWkX6euEFlwQrrwsjBgEBPkhAhagQY8FJj4rTlo8AXkhk7iLoFzmn30r1H5GhE5W4tEDbY7spKWNEaX6gTzsa7z44ovbPlHWqFdh6ZO8EHmICYnYEqX8BlZ5GFTdU2/1k642QpLqgpCkg8zUgfXJopSmdpI/axIxqadz7Uk+0lRHA0HqYW5R2bQ9K5fu5zn5yE8cZevqAHkhQ9MpZHXKKae0NlUO8mPhm37SVxgCKW/kNKbvhdVh4YiSy6PhKQVL63nPe95O0tNBkKUOhGwoNKWgREZZCkzhPC8uC4IyU5J+iAL2MXZ9GlBQCkzR4y7qJDoLAkH0yqgDpWMhAsqts8YCmhbKrm7ylz75IEm/WVvSZfmwiKSvczsKngNtESsKsfkqvHaRDnnqkF41ZD3p0N4hdp9FJB8ErAML8kQGCEd7IQTtJw9lFbSzZ7xWyRr0OySDhMjENTI0VWG+WR2kx0W2qwFx2Chu47i0PKOu8vHbPLUvRLGEzUOSN51CkLF00+7kj6jpIeKXD2g/ZVBvz4in7VxLXmTIQswUkPsITzuHhAXndMDgY+WcbFnN7tkzmikb8jagZlBxrr4WiVjfGYC0I+vYboT8zuDimLYtrB0LIUFKRnn6wXUNTUEQjiPlszGawnNpKFNIyHwNC0jHAgqSDtkP8wTFDhA15VU+HZhVxMJUN0AGBgkdMqSVe9NCfXW21E+H0WmlaXDxG3khGJ1IJ1Ym98nbs6DM4pMtsjDHmc6qLjkXpMe6F1eaOi+iA2Rpq5cFOttxuNXSYxUhD5CPQS3v2is7AtbeZENu0uMiI0j5IDLEjFiljWSQDT0Azxko6AdyRK6sLR6K6+StvhlEA3kb4JRHGymb39pDnckpxM+Vhgzi7gvSFU9ZbTWywOjLVbbqGNRBGZSR3FjDdnb4GAzrXNnUDZGSJ9LUbjEOGATaL7sopCGO9A1CztVLGQqzw0JYlDofxehalCwBpOKNDApDISkApaUMFJGy6XQ6E0WKcrGYWAtRmJBjN4xhuXurBQXWwUB5lA0pCZnT0+F00lgNysqaEFeHX6mcQ5AvWcrTszowWXEjzVfKX2cmO596kxdZh1wT5K9crF8Eh4Skze21mMFtJXP1sOgiDUHbhASch3gdzdlJT/uafzSYKad74ppaYcH6rZysPuRoftpX0FlM8kfsrCoEaZGJmy0/ZY6OkH1058UvfnHzNHgnpmXcl4Yg3yB11yaIGiHRLda1MoV45MFqROrKB/KTf4K4gkGDnMW16IPw1VF5yZP8/UZ29J1MTXOoF7L0nHS0mfYgN9MLiFLaZGj3hnp6TVFbqyO5qoc06ZZ6Rh8La8PCEKVOp0N35ygpklVaI6rRmCKzNCgAa4FCWCk330NJHBEk64GChXSmgTx2FVFKCqq8ygHKrR6sKoFVoO4GCHXkHrJmdOZ03Gmg8+nU6qyjCOTCEtH5XNfhdFRldC/WN+KQr7g6rrlNb64gIu3hPuvILgGWGZdRHB3XfeSm7OSucyIqJKD+yiFtHR5RsvzVWxtrb6vlfuv03GSr0Tq//Ljbyi0vBOlZK9lW800tkBHyAuTB27CzwRaZyBMJKx/ZRCcQIBmQWQgzMkeSrEZBPNfUXz0NZsqEfJ2Tp+vqqO6gLuoqHzqqDOqWRTs66ppAVuIBK5uVTLbKauA3SCFNsqTr7rMcDTzq9cIXvrC53CxgZVSGlEO51bdIctexEEQJOq9Oa5tJFjkogj1/XUshREBBXaNsFJUrhGwoog4onnOjMrjmOfm4TokQF4UOMSXOrBBFDdRDfhTfwMByyUq0uqsH8qT0yjgtyEy91VE+iAMZ6vDyRIDyUE8dTxBPB8tAhcjszzPvl4Un5bQ/1WZrixk6omfydR11FEfnlbZ6qhdZyt9RvvJCEuIgI1Y1IpAPQpK3tFhq5MA6El+7W+Tx4gH3HfkqA5LTdggLeXOx/WWEcwMsQvFs2jQEAp4LqZCbtgrUSZnoorKqq7yko23I1UCAfJVPmaUB0pFml5ySP7mwihE4ryd6h1jpM5lJW93J0mDqWe2GJFnk0jaw0Bc7QbzRxGr1HBmStzJLTxm6dQ60gzz79QbEra5Dz21lLARRxhLSKSmokdUob96KhcHVQYIQxXekaBqbInueQlECIz5lNIpTKApNuaRJWaPEfkcppJMwTyAM5aaQOmQm+im36wYHnS/1mgbqjmB1XDIyEAjkkY4N8mLJIStzZDoh0rMY4jcL17yktvA868wHFmypMjApr7TITT2U1TUkhZyQn/vKg7TTadVLBzV4aU/tJSA+eRvslIm1iBRYkc69l80iFjcd2/MsNNt8DKZW8ukLkjHwpHww1un7JBGEyM13ay/x1JG+KLupC/plwSZkNw20EWJD8FapDUDInewMOCxJMhGPBa0tGA8GNnquTcS3im83BT0hX/2HXJRH+6s3eQvKnqAu7muzBNchfWHaOm12LARRUkaKjcRAI1L2fODCKBll16hpTITABUcCFCajsf1ktsH4bZSmRNu3b29ui2coBfKNclCKpDlPKLtOaIGFcueDufKn5IglJKKciMUz7q9GccWVjo6kQ8XaQTDmFnVw8tEBWXPKQgaIDLlx+bIS63mkiBC2bdvWZHrHO96xtQ0oIxmyjMieFejtFh1Yviw6bYooQzbqLC/kKn0kQ+7KLV1xlIllaRDRdhZqnHsubcSqtW0MgdMRA4G2Zu3Rh5CXkEFxCGMyVT7EzaKUryAuWSUfgwKiG0tjDOqQtqXXystyNneN+A3umWfUFmSG6OiGZx0z+AvKSsbkot21ifr7LS7iJVNx/VYHMiFz59J0jJ75PW2dtgIWhigphM6HIHVIq3hWDSmNhk2H1tiQhqVQFM5obITXaTyLdLkuRmRW0q/92q+1iXIKJK48nVNaygHzVpAQhDzViWKzWuIGqaMjRUc+6uAaKNtK5XPfs9JWd6up9heaa5Qu+Zj0d9RxxNfJuOWeQeAIlfwRH0vNe88WVpAmMhPI3LNk6Lr0EKa2QiTm7xCJ51zXjtmaYz5NnTzLZZR/5pidK4f2ICvtLZ74GWBYjt6sMoDKh76EvAMyBnVeDmPyNLCQG6JUDoOPOkvPM64ZCBAb0nJvtVA2OuyoXtKTLuIkPzJx1AYI2WAhf/noI+I7IkCuNqtbYAHzCljl7rE+3ZcH+ehb+oy8QobRO78jq1if+V24DgvxnzkasN9AFEkDU6pYCBkRXfe7C9cpk3QQkXMWm8CSfP3rX99GWx3Z/+Po3MhAZ8vz/TRnDeVXdp3eOWJ46Utf2t4iUUdl1+m4uC960YtaR6TEnkEgwnKQrs6BeOy127FjR7Mcpa1j/8Iv/EIjPh0p1prBA6myNg0yLEJlky8yIjNkFQtEWtrIb22kzMonfojNfdci037Zs4FdHOcGs0yJSFO5uP06t/SlwWuwAs5qNT0hH/G7A538IO0YvZLPEMbam/x839FeRWlrJ4SsfkhSvr/0S7/UCJuLrGx9pCx9hCDJKOXuIgSn7rZeHXfccW3umPvtmrYhK+UAbUkG7hnwDDimIFiormtXVqu2VQ+ErLzKoD6Zc3VUJnKFach/K2AhLEoKGyWkPLGKKFVG7CiW0FXwdEZBHHE9m98a3sQ4940yIAVHozblF7ropj1rKI/0WZLqQYERhQ6pzjoBa0ZHsOKbhSj18aywHMjKGzL241kh1ulYjiwQnc4WFQMDmbCqWS2ued+ZpWng0Il0HGXLTgNlVQbEA36Tu2tISBxtpQ7yct19beF+yi1OrBzWZqxOJG6voRVrljQr21SA/HVug5pFC+6/diMfQfr0RpC2fJQtiP4o1xDG2lr7eMPHXKFn1Zs8DETKw8IjL7JzjpRWi5TRUbranN5r95B+3HL3lF++CFl5ESP5aUODgGdDlOIK0lV2A5BpDIOScrOQkaln6AMZK4f28ry8u21c+CrWlSg18BAoAKWnlM4pgOAaJdCYnk3oKnjOxdcx3Hd0ncLFPTLnhCy5it4fpkRWcnVsSkQxx8oH3TzXCmlQcMfkq44IjdLmtznCrICG2HRI5OAIFFkHEjyj/iyPX/3VX23vSiMkcnNUZx/CYFUgJgQkTfImIyQgGEDImyyELpRZh0oH6srDubwC5+J140DqrV7q4rd8kLaj+ruPKE2XqBuyYNX6yhM3XhkybQCIWD26hBz4LT1xh8IYyF7gzmobcelQoLwWUsxRqqf69NHPqxsC555Xdu3QlZv2VPb0A6v+ZCGexZ/Mz9pGZc4WWdMhaYV8kV5IlntOr8yJI0x9gQHhHXpbwOwZ9XIAy5WME/QJ6TmGRB2ln8GJLkHigjqI475yae/E34hYGIsyIOwQloYaQjd+kGfc6wfKQ9G5c0ZkHQ/hUEBEynKTl4acJs+1ICSuTDoCEkNglBlB+C0O95OLycpj9SqrThTF9JsiqrdrOvYZZ5zRLFR1VY8oto5l8cPcrXwRi7SmwazqPwZ10JlYNlxfHRZpy9c91huCV3Zx5gly5XkIkbVAru4pA/eWRY7IlGuWSB8QyETben+epcui5m2wsK348wbIhg7HAzHPaeAjN8+wuA1ESNNgZCsY+bI0GQx0TXBujtPg4K0q58gU0ak7eSgTHXWMbJxrJzoVvXNP+zkXB8RTpo2IuRAlgUyDbif0bJ4PaXXTE3es0+ZeN1BsFghlyTvJRmW/pWtVl4UgLyQy1pDSmgWk0yVkeVJqncGoj8CVSxmt3FtcQeyuKZvg3PM5gm1Gr3nNa1r9xKGg7qu7Ddy2WcXymZYkYVb1Xw4ISH0MGOaWkZB20um450hCp9Pp59nhDKbZcB4LHpCFshjgTBsYZMm5P32zq9BuCax8bWseW7m0AyKUryMiRX6gfVmZBkQkTkbuSYelR57ka6BBYmQZnXcv8jZQ8bpYmYwLg7h0bCPzvHqTQdJ0rjz0Orrl3H2km3nu6NA8225emAtRppP2w1hn615PXJBO0hIn8ZZLpx8oF2XTCS1sUAINqLGMsBQGmVB2SjcGac0C0lEnZYgygTJSRnOMyN3bJT7pZc6QMofYQ5CxLnOPS2W/YepEMW0FMveXf6UUX+eQL0uDTFaLWdV/DOqgbMiIa6ijmrczdUBe+USeODpeBoh5wPwdy1yQP3kJIRPytdBl87i2QOCzhDQTzDEaQPNneNqQroaokZR4rmV+2Zyue91XTpGjAZn1S9/pGgIkT2moE7nSPdf1G4Muy5JVqU1MRXDfDWSmslig5KHNtJVy6EMGFwTLSlV2C4SuaTPpy3OjYS5ESXjdxk4Ys2S6nTBxIem4T0Ecxzps7vWD5xECQkEeGt9EN8XXcNwPpEHxxRtrRGntKnR46YTklM2Ra8NtQmyUlVtnYYMVRQaeUVblRyiUzbOO7lFS1rL3n12j+OrrdUP/sohgWGHyl07ynoZsZlH/5RC56KRIkpuXeVuysdptikInz8LDvCBPxIAIyFteZJVBO9a+8pBlXN5ZQR4JSIkLzJpTDnnL1/wo0nNNPPJDRtof6LL7LEvxkTkiNZWTrVx0wpE8peG3fqFO3XlXaSJLcRwN5hYgtRHi1F6Otm8hbOToGwC2KyF6Oy2UjV7GIt9oWGgbOIqZsBYYKUHjUBTuCuWKK8DK5OZpSNbYPIH0KCJQRqQsIGrXKbFPmPm0nHkn1qZOSw4U35GLLr5gJM+8ExdHGrFU1VcnQbpkgDiF5D+NNbkeCGmnzclH+wg6sk5vbgxRzJMkgWyGgjIJ8hfye54wLaTu5IO0BXoUQuSJCNqbLpGRwUT56AL9oCfKbyBmiXr10fanZz/72e1PyMxz6hcGaRahPAxSrEptIW06xLrWbxCqfJQBGQoGFffAsxbjkDyLFLSrttyomJvrDeY4uAxGIcImNEcCi5LFJHfuOpPd6hvBs5SkpeE9B9MSJqXSgNKncNJDLBoZuWh0+cvLKKojChRMXu5JYxYdInWUbjdQOkpI0a1AcnFMuDvnBnKrjdJWKskHSVJEZSYXz1v1JDPlde6VQx8HkX4sHnl3lTW/VxOmxVAay4U8o/z0xmqsNiIXROA9bu0ijg49T9DTHTt2tI5O5oiaDhlootusfcE18t9VxHMQ6Il2Q3R0Qnn895HraV+Dvrd4yCQE5X53EHGeAZKes/bITry42spuJ4QdIOY2TdWY085n6fQ9ZQvRShOBGnCVVRl5aPTQNYaH9/EtPrlORvnrEXGVdyNiLkRJmFyoU089tX3IgOIjSwInMI2v8cTTaBnxwKS1P6T3IVaEYaRj0nuGoMEzqwXFSl4CpXJNgyIdnYDyc8kRpQ6JSCmReOC5eUL6OoZOeeyxx7YPUiBCBIksnSMO7o55MwOJfZI+u+U6mdrXZyCg8LaLUHjzVDrCmLwo+iJBeeiIRRRTCQYrA6n24y4ifHWdN1EagHwVyXy2dsn8sbIpDzlbHLPn02/zv7sKOqid0iZ+Ix4EpwxeILBSrZ+wAM1DyheRuRb9HoM0pN0NZIk8paOPmdPk1XDVkaRzXglC5plYbefpKJN6Kx/ZeF5A4IIBTt9CqNLieqdenpl3f5oH5kKUgCi3b9/eOjR3kWVE2EYvjYOECI/yIUHCc+7/WYzmrD2WkwbM6p4Ok+emAaVDshrJ88gDQbLauBk6hvy4Oe7pIOaAxFf2EO28oAzqhBhf9apXtfxDEqwJZSdP8z1WQJWb4iu3OVZlVFZltu+SwquLTgRj8ppWjvNG9KFLlLHs1YcuGMx01HmWnRX72te+trmQLC+6p9OzmpAZXaBH9BhpzmKOcowoTQuZA/RREAREb7nPCMzcs7J5TnA/g3sf0k28BOkzHBzlR87pK3TS71icdocgSX2Y5cm6jL65b2C2t9NWNItGdNM1zwjKRm7CoundajAXoozwffSVVcgCIHTXNG6IMgqn0SI8n/iyWiYOAjVC6SRcjbWY7RpI4ydIU2fTwMpklEbigFgoiDw1vrhGa0Q5TyAD+bC6DRIUlSIiTGUwkhvVlcPIbQDRgcVj6ejQRnCKq9Oqn/SQDpkv13kWCcrTJ0rtRz8Mltw4xIQc5jlwke9v/MZvtLzJX7noSnSBftMZxM3yQia7CrrZ7Qd+a7uTTjqpyQNZZm8kPdXOrDUWnfKQm6C8Q5BuP5BhjA/n0k7wW33lZYCQbvqJNuCtIE/BQijyROKg7/IAvN+flXgDvbS6ddxImMtMdITOpQ456dhIyHWN4xhoYIqYawggjWlk8lvnWCuUR2NreOVgkWg8K5eIx2+NbBWPBUzxNKzyjpHMLEGByEj9HQ0I6kx2Bgkrvj/zMz/T/hTrkEMOaYGCkqN6qR85kTeZZfAR1qP880TqECIRnM8T8iNbOkee9IDu0AvknTZSDvfmCWSZAUOZkDjjg65qb9B3lGVaQ4KOSUOQh7oI0iIDeqX+0tdHIwODs36ErA1gjB+EzSASn3wYIohd/5KWa468pI2IuRAlYRGyRgYNQkhMcKNvRjEQJ/EAaXiWq5POIa5nQINSFkfQgEkjhAuezUjrWggEKIZ0NaZJax+hoATyNIEvcIO5ua5lJJ0FlCNwrixIWTmVL9a2OnKvuDK2+Sijv+496KCD2sq4jcXKH2uGIkpDmuruSGbONwLSbuoAdMC58mtbFrZgYJh3nche/vRWfspBlsrhSNaIwTEdX9yUHdZSxsgg8Ns2sWy0R2LKZi7bvLVzoMvu0/dpkD7hWfqvroLr6qO+6pH+k8UfJBnIO99UzW/lTP+UNjBEpCFsRMyFKAmNwDLCEThhUySkk1E4jZDrFlRYRu6bJ8rqNGUU17lGsWfLYoxR1cKGlXVuvg8ZeN/ZPavEPv5q64I4XBfzeYK5Pm4tgjLfw7JE0MqrQS2aiK/c5gOl5dpQsJjSDzbjDsX1EVrv7CqTfXHcS3GzcESpjMAZKCiv8igneWQBinzcJztyppRk5XmK6LeyOyfbKGg/LCKUG8gjHVUIMcG8y04HeRmIiIyRI+JAENqErN1TJlYTGYdYglmVkXvN+5GXPOiGc4NkXF35kxddmAbRuf6z8lBnR9cF54F7qZ9nueJ5PoQbMs1znoGUeaNhbtuDNJ7vISIZJMSNydsELCUCpGxIkBARgXPzk1wL1wg8K3AsLQsbiM5cHsJg+SEghGM12D3KJF33rbYbeRGMZ21XQLKedy2WHJJWTvlrcL+V15yf56SNAPPZtm6wMXm1QTk9g6jlrxysg1i0yqc+5hzVAeEZwVlSOqdn3GM52C5iUBBHmZXXtx7NCVF+sqPE0FXyRUWsFoOAbU7aTvsgH7JBDHRAPRFFOuY8QM7aiH7RJ3lmvpIHQE+Ql8UKukzOiMGR7ivbtETpOc/kufQhZaE7yhNPyPy573KaF5QnfSCjecpkq2Mu36PUwBTe9/qQpVHXfIbJb53eb/c1vOz9NorrFDoJMgGW3lFHHdXIAoEiPW8peJbiAuJzTmEoizk9FhoFZ3VxoSm4kYzFGNKgkOJL24q3fOXvOpJCOBYPrCgj3eS3q1AWIefqzrU2BeC37w9680H5ETYL02toiA9ZqpuysHiRuDIbfGxXsV8NuetkBifPpOMuOlJO5OjPw2wr09YhAVMQZEQW5menJaJpwOr3Baazzjqr6RqdpZ/ah26TP3325R4D+ROf+MSdnkDKq12iT66v1AbSFSfx0oe2b9/evA9z5/SZvuTdfYaH39IPYUa3CrPFuhIl1zpEFOKJ5eh3zimYNHQMysr9feUrX9nca8+6RzmkG3eEchrp43aGON1Lp1JVHdIRabLOKJbf8udCeFY55MHKTTmthA9B/D7kN9YxKDOoh3PWgS/7eB+bVXLYYYe1zbryReKIWh38zrPixWI02Niy4S0LJGJ/nbKrQzq2eIuO5YjSde8rIwfWtwFsnmCpn3LKKU13taVBR3tp60wnkat2EHwQ2Z5K+qPNuO3aLHUif+2xHKQnbvTGb33I+/umlpA33WYI8BwQdAYNkJe+QOcLs8e6mhqUjDKxelhsjlEwpMel4l4JlE2n4XYYzRGV6xSJ0iVQyChiPyAKeca6ErhRrjmPYooXUqVwOoSjOMrGopDGUEi63aDzDMWVt/v5LV/1NmGvA7AY5cv6Rd7KoVzy53oqCxkov/uCjswiZmGms5FHt8NtZJCHQUKd1DsD2zxB/qZB6AOdlH90KjqjDNrLnPm5557btnV5AcB0ivZwL3q0K+W1LYxuRHeAZUkWIUV5INUiyflhbvsoNZ63a7jRSEEjUiLzKvZYUUYdn6WJWBwpIgVlQUojJIdMkao0jJqxUAVzRUg0JEKpkLAtC7YuiOOeOEZ7R8FKIuVzDdlQbJ0CWKbmnrj+mS5QjjzbDZ5XnqHQj6t8jtxn5/LwJg2XGQHY02kBSv46F9dbHViLNvPaT8liJB8DCRkLLA3WF9mSITmRaeqS80UGQkdMyMXbSOabeSC5bqCwayLbuTIQzAM8DYtsIUs6p33oCVlnQEXe2tL0j8VBx1j99IU+iastxe97GuqKhEO+7kPiOyLFzLeThXIwIKTvv4i0rXRA2xfmg7m43txBDW3fn5EWaVAopGVrC6VHCqBxuTVIS8cwOlvNRoA6vAlzLjyitMhjgp2CUkBKI0T55NmH+6pIyRLEo9DK5GixBqmzDqQrff/PwvWnkNLgAu8qlINS63jKLF3pe21S5+fymZO1wZgMWQnczdNPP711Opa1FXxpOD///PPbApHyImBEab7T64xcepBGLJFFBsLQ3trDH8F5XxhZgQHTIOFjDupo4FLnecHCnrwvuOCCZqkjTPnRX0RJN+msNtIu2tNAC8rGELAJm2tsQKT/2lk7qONyoJvdYAD0VaiTTz65TQXpJ9re64XKJ+0MhCHawuwxF6Kk9JTnaU97WntvWWOyvMzDmY9DlBpdw6ZxESaiOvroo9szFItSsCLsH+SeUlZpewahZSQWolh9DF3zvOuO/m3PZDlLDkErq/kwfz3A7cmcE8LZVSBpZVUPYlcXSq+z6XzKcOSRRzbrAWHoAL5i7cvlwLpgTbKGWRWnnXZaI3iWJ9I3b2UgYgn7DZHvomORiNJ0D+IzgLJukaXyIUyDVNdCd4406ZM2jW4qMz3Pe9IW3Axm2R6j/NqI3tOL1Cd6nOC+97wNoCxLZKvtkXCMEHKTN93aKO290TAX/yWNTgECDU75WGaULoQBlI0CcKucIwSjtSM3yJEiuEcBEajzPMcykxYF7QeKIyQ/5RCkg5jOPPPMyRvf+MZm4SJFri5ysqGb++5Z+Q+lPW1QXgMAxRaUQX6ugTgpp7gsbJ0jJK2uOh+rxkCUevmNLKVHhog3HbcwPRCxKRzWvIWaI444ov11L3LSXtojOonYtUN0U7tqGzsS7NKwAMlLYv3ZR2ubj/YCbQfdftKHqRN5IeMYCdF35wIoS1zwwuwxF6LU4aHbcK5RCI3tqLEpVcgSnIdIjLYUzijO+gRK6fkQShchjX6QT1exKBQSsenbe+UUUZ7KxKoTuEue9QwLALH2011rUAZyUQ716MogZQP3dL50Esg9RKgjcru5ZkBeGYjIS33kV5ge5MtqNz/NxUWQVtq9FWVqw75e1iGQNT3VRuRvgNeO2jX3ufL24dojaxsandPm6ScGwDHwILQpcqY7non+d0myqzuF2WOuPalLlCGKEATyChno1EhQfKMtMgTKZB8kywqZhVwpSF9JpB1rcSgkP3HlI12fdOPuy0ccLrc9aqw2ihlrIWS2qyHljaIrh46V+upAOptORw6sQ53ElIBFMdtE7O874YQT2rYpnU5ayF069tXp5OoiP+XXiQvTweCk3cmQbloM9Ok6JOmde/8Lb97c3k7THaxPeqw9kRWPR4juaUvz6wZn2560IZde+5mP5jWNwbPSpYPSTJm6RAnR68J8MBeitD1CBw2xcWktVCAfjWwE1bAZATW4uBqfIrCOohTcGaNqlMm1wHPdMAajekiDciIVexWRpHIgKPmxHPx1AoKKkgMymgX6yi1dA0DSJx8rp+RnXlS5zUdZWPIlFvO7vn5uztK8KjmRm45tDi+ftfIcwo1Mh8hSOywSyEWZDIraRHt39QQJmF4go64OzAO8CHKTt7ahw/RQOViZ2sMXwl/4whe2/b2O2lG7QQZzekb29N/gR4/t/ECWhx9++OSYY45p84/uiZt2k3f6jkU58/Pa2CCoTOSStJ0rI9kh68J8MBei1KCICVhLGh/5UJ50Wg0ugIZ2HsuKEugwjrb6mAhHZJB0pwEl1rkyj8QVQpIhEtfMR/q9O5B6I764Ychbx0yIvJyLr+MICIRcnZORc7LW2cXVCd0Dzy0aQQaxgkMQgnP1AUdttTtBvikTXUKAVsJt2WJlvuQlL2l/I0tvkaa2icwNfNx5uogwWZK+MZm/URBPP5CHdjMg6Df0APSpkLEFQPe1q/v0IoNtYT6Yyz5KiqQxEZIRFLn5KnP2UOrIlEig/BSDiyGeOTduJmXjUnKFWVPIUrrixNJbDRCz+PLwvDnPV7/61W1Fk9JTPATlbQfzUIg5ndJRmDeUUVnIwLvfGThcd56ASLrn9pfah8klZE1yAb1Nom7mw7wnLF3pIE6yIwfXpL+7iaeLyBkBmGoQEEUIxMeIs/k684PrjZAkkD9So6MI0HYgbWF+Gylajc7AFcIj/+gUnSR/c82mgcTR9uKxph0RsUFcP8n3MelqrEyvUCqHwVW7ImS/C7PH3D6KwZLRyJRF43n1zP+4UHjWgjg6MCXQERwpYgIyNZFu5dEeSkoD0oqyrgZGXfkhblaqfYjm+EIUlFLn27ZtW+uIUe71JEr1JQ+ul03oNhLrSKxc86U6hpBzR7Ix+NiIzhU0P2kV/0UvelFbXWWphGwMTlZyyYGsQ5DrUbfVIpaugYu1JZifzWCqvgIiii6sN+iMcioT2dFFQVv5jchYfeYubdFibQriIM+4zJ4XD+nRS5vVGQe2hQm2J/F41JVukMk555zT+pRnLCbZK4uclUkcaRpk4pEUZou5ECVl0ClZMQILQKfXsbsN2bVq4moJnkFeCIHV5BkKshbiSgekkJQQifjAhjzkjcyRDKuMYkbp15MowaChI6TeCC1fkGbpdoN5MosIyM92FcSBZO07tP9Q2XVO1rM5T/OWLPIMMgJijuwXAeoP6sEVFZyD8pIDomSpRRfWG8iIzgbRkVhydDeWIn2Oa65N8+UsZIYYszvBb3VCsvqNNmNlxqpEmuZmta008xYQK9bATm5IGOS/SG26mTAXotTJkZuG1ZHzmTQNmo4qZDSmgI7gmK0ZrCuujcY3AlNSCuW51UIZYq0hSZvZpSktaSJIXxBn6cqHsilbOoEwb3C5lTP1YtXqXGSQYB5MMDXA2kamOqI6eJblaO6LJemcrLWDDqnDSYNs1TthGjnOG+StPIjDCrGAOEKgpm0QpbYzyKnbeiNljFVOr0KS5ElXtAU4R5L032CvD1g91y68AiTHUxKPS67ejpkeoa8Gdu2JKHkHnpWXAZIcWK6uJc/dIZOtgrnNUYJG1YhIU4OGfMAx590Gdq5DeyYjdHc1T5pjSHpdcGHkbc+heR5uDGVEJuaUrCLvtddeOzsBkkpHGEpvHkid1Fe95avegnvKkzIJZOq3uIJrLGPXuXDqrLOJoyPnXWGr+ohVp0zbgLhIKei2TR8IwcCGwATx/JaGoxD3VB6uk7eyhEwCz7sOuc6q9soeSwoZ8ATIwdQNq5J3oj278eUhL+kPYawuYxB/LATOyV35+3GUJQOuc23kiCh5BAjfEfkb/BChtjBNJCBXxoIdD2RpDtOzBjyy8Fcg5qTFc50cydi9wnwwF6IcA8WZJ4bS15F0Om/gWOAQh1IZ0VmSLDMKz51zpNAbFaxtc1csFR+VMCiwOhEIwvH2kc5nCoRVhmCQps4e0gzBAUtXcJ9swH3piaNjut4N5Cs4F08ejiFPlhIykK/fLF6WMJfT4KXM9hhqK4sbSBGJm2fN/DZIVx5ISPm0szyGyGLeejcNlAWJqheXm+fgFUfkaXpK+5AHGamjgRsRGuCcqz/vzKDhqB3JN21SmA82PVFSIKu/3sLx+lgUivuzbdu2pmwUkvWCaCjxRoVOpH6sFa9gskAQJkJilZvf0uG4bOqMYJALuYUMPYPEEI7rrnVlIi0gQ/c9L0/xugF0ds8KnpMmIkCAyuJoi4zX/KzUv/71r2+bsT/0oQ+1tkAkCEU8RGqAy/w18kT+8lYneYxZVPPWu2lANsqpvM4dDWzah4tuWkXbqL9BRb258Cxp3gJ9ffGLX9y2C9FZdU/9tGFhPtj0REnZWEXc0VhZFMxcnxVjikdxkQyS6Lr5Gw2IRH11LJak7VmsaYSi4yEpCwr+RkBn5K7rqFxzq8xkxHpxXQfU8fpWCmICnZy8Q7B92SMyA5Q8pWvqg/wRosU0c27K52vu3olmWZoeQKDKK11WvueVNW2IcN0TB0kjDOVdDvPWu2mgLCkPWaubNjAgkLn242pbzGElx2JM25hT91YQuEdvu/VbpLpuJszl60FjSY414qyKMJS+ERlJ6KQ7duxoiwTm6rhyth5xd0AZxOPKrTdmVX8dK6SR94t1OCvh6q9uT3jCE9rGaHJg8SEgH5xlxemo3MDsyQxBWTwwZxZLMRaPe2SOsAwySI37zCI17+bvCwxCyA056ugIDqHHdVdmASkKymDVVxx5ykO55eM6UjG4IXyr+axnVhjr05zd0EC3O8hDm461K/m5R54GFIMD2Zgaectb3tLagxzVRZ3y1SCfLfS3E66zMMkiUxHSG5t6KOw6Nj1RBjojK4ZF6XU/CqVjsy5B594dJAnzqr90dR5/I6AzZvcBWfjGJUsOWZoTU/+47johckRcdh7Y/+pZMkNwOnrcQoQrPS8KkC9CRs7SMNfoeQsO3GckjgCko1xx8eWrXczBIQ9lMpghbATiu5visiQ9h3hj9bpvP6FP8bG2QuZdLBJRKotAZurk+6qmGwSyMeDQQzJRN21jMPDKpLll3gKCRJbk0LX4DS7uFWaPuRDlrMF60Xkoh86ko4KOAzqPavhNWUJ4rrNskKHnWTOsFKBgizgiK4cy+wYi+HiwPYVgAh9S7z4ilz6QJBdcR9MRTzzxxEaeLDRyUW+kQx7S1gGds+bIw+yMxS9yRaCu226ECL3nrH24zshO+cVDWNIVEENkzYWUBkvKc+IhDb99eMJbWNpGXAShvRGwxR1WKdmog7qmrbitBj+Ern1NO3BL6Yt6hSgRkfxcHyLUWULdUu+AXFNuA42Bygq/6QceABkYyJSZnNSDrPJ9VAOX58UprC8WmigpE6XRmW24pVg6ipVdFge3WUekjOlcOgCFQ5isDu4MkqCMnjVxzuVm6ejQ0g/x9Efo9UKf4HzOy/wemOAHbhfShGmJEoEhB/L0UVw7AJAdEiIDciJDqkDWSE9nNv8nno6JwGxnOeCAAxpRIQF/metvKkJIkbt2IMcQJbgmD9amuPKQr5Vs1wXvSfvN7ZcnYgAEZ7AwhaAtvRaL5GN9aTdlYG3ZbuP1Pl+NlwbCZLlJX75d0pQ/5NpaEcJP6KZHHvLPgEFG5oPpM5K0eVzZ1SH1UW/yMrVgIGKRq1uIVpzC+mJdF3OmBYXg3tkk7rNiOoq5NB2FUlGwWA7idgmE26IzbN++vT1v3odFQql/+qd/uikupdahPUeJE9YbyqQDIIMXvOAFO0kSkJwAysb6ilXcx9iYhyQsovjqkH/1A1YYS9vqP0uV5WKezwDiiCBZojq5sjlHtFzwWPXKa95X+V0D1yNPbeCeYwIC1mZkb9CyP1KevoxkkYnLjuCQtGelJT7yFM82GuTDApOedndUzkwBuIfwwWCadkU04jqnM3RAef2GHKeFNLt6BAhRHdUX6Skby9jKPp006JuOUBegq9qJpc4QMJj7WLD6SiPWvbQK64+FJkqghNxEbyggDMqIJFkmOpNJfZ2UElHMWIVIw0qrv0ugoNKhvEiAAkqHYlI85+AZaaw3dHJ5n3rqqa3MQ0AAvkdpoGBxDmGMKK2innTSSc2CQSAIUoe00d48IOscaQkWc1gyyMocLpmRD1IxX8YdzOKJ+7b3sMwQRJd0wG/QHggNOSFar/M5eh9a3nYg2Pwfsg3ByM+zSdd95XIPDBjuiec+8o9uaG/kooyO6qGtpSeuI5KKzFzrln0aKG90CKQp/+gT65ectJ+jeVxlon/qRC502aBlesQUhAHEdIdyi6ue4iojfVH+wvphoV1vikwBWS5WA330AWGYa6Q8Rl6T+DaNszZYIxRKlVgVFixYkxTLPfEoorksI7W0o3CeQwaUd72hPjqAeTjWhjr2wepTV0dENQR1GIJvJh577LE7ycrR/xlZAWep+U3W6fCxYJCyjv2GN7yhpcMCYukcfPDBrTOLf8kllzRr1V5InRpZkTdS4upyGQXE7IgMBPcRLGuR3OVLBimDoEzaw33n7ockkaPy0A2r6wZRJEl2ymEwENd17jj9UGakjHDIkE6kvo4h0WlhcPY8qDtyZoHTQaTIzc6ilzzUUZ242HlLx7lpBzqKNAXo62NkQbaF9cNCW5SU1ryizkyhdGiKxwUEiqdDG711OsqGCGws56a/6U1vaopGkd1//vOf34LOLB6FDZArJdwdI7UODiw6c4hdeF0NESFI5zp5t9xdjI15/rPFIMMCI1Murv+CQVI6pI5HjmTivt9kilRYNqY67HGM209+5KlTs0i5jTb0u68NuMw6srhWpA1OPmNn3yr5cvPl41x9lNu555Up1mDmFJGQdgyhaU9fggLztgY+g6b8PEtnEFbkZHuN6Yz8iRz9Yc2qL0hTXEF+00JZQd4GPRakweWUU05pbac80qW/ZCMfxK3cpoHM+7rGyiYb5UpdA7pJT8hJOoX1xUJblBQjI6dzHdK/Dlq1tRig8+hcvstnbyC3jCJxX1mg/uqBglI8q6I+459PUy2Ssk3bBGOdWWdK52LVcLl13Je//OVtfpaV5T6r0Nsd5u/IMM8oh86ewQVhStM/ALJ03XfPtZ/7uZ9r86lk68/ZzCGzogxqFngQsLZwH6lakMgANYS1EBQLGkkJysSaVD4Ld6Zc1EU9kJMgbwTqmoUjJKtcPmuH4N0jC+QdOQALlR6SR64FypAVfwO06Q3kaG5dfDLwvDwNAqxpemj6AWEbjFzvpxusRS6F2WOhLUqjLMWlLAmZZ9I5WBWUnxtmJZEScheRQOYlzVeZd6OcXBwEudFH5OU6jw5JZoiDTAwa2XqCsMxR2sRs4AhxknOg4+caYpQe95tFCe6JY04RwSAXebF4vTbJwnTdPCcLGRkbwEKQnh/CWgjBM9JDMvRCveQXd9+gyMUOkRpo6YRBl0y4w7bhSIfVh/AQYghVmuBcHPl4XpAeuO5jybwXeyFZrCxw1+mpvKTHMkfMvh3qXz7N8ZK/wUO8MUinsPux8K53FEXHdW7kp/wUFRkiPee2WVBoyu+NFJam0VrHsWhhM7LnpNElho2Isc6D2MhCx9OZzd8hBJaODktWCNMCmC00rL4xooSkx622LQf6ROm3/MxBWnxAiuTMwpJuSKB7PoSxOq0E6aYM+c1tZdkaGB253YhJfTPQqgNSVE6uMutbOqZ4yEoQX7mk5xmyYyU6xsU2WNsQb55UGgYWxOh5xGqwMGhkjyjCzKCBwJVHW3XboIu1yqUwWyw8UQbO09lYDjo9i4mip2OzerKqy3rQeQ877LCdey4z56WTjCnmRsBY54kFSEbOdWYdO+9Q6/A6LwJhUXL5yK4rizwP8uGyWqhBuCB+lyilwVUl21h24hi00l7SUR7PjZV97Po0QOpIRz2z6dzAqmyIymKJ+3QnJMlFZlWSD6Iz0Jq2MBeu7CEycmBxIkZv03CxbfVBkuZAPU/WyRPJGpy3bdvW3Hy6aF6SVS898iEnZYV5yqWw61hootRpdS5BR6M0Odc5/aborEfXKR2F1mG4XlzuAw88sBErFyfpRTk3KpbrPO4hKEGHZdEYULzp45qOzKJk2QxZlENEefHFFzerFPpEiRxDzJGto/aJnP0WpDdW9uXqtBzkm7xDPI7AYpNudkUYQM1Jmh/kbRhUzRPmWV6J/Y0sRVMW9Cqk6cs9diWYhvABaFt9WNlW3tWflSh9ZGwOmIuNKA1KFmjoHzkrj/jIOvLpyr+PtcqlMFsstFml0yZQZh2CcglcKVaCuTFKSKGN1uKas7QlxCoiZaeIFNPzRvPNCp1Kh1dPdSajfLrLbwOIOCwfBLhaSG8M3FBto/MjzZCBdnCPZR/CCoHNEvKOJenYLysCy1wjK9I0jNX3rMIjTPLwrIGDq44UkaDBJfO8pnMsJApIkmVpmoH+ed7AYHD29pLBWfrus1q54QYogRyUOSAfzxcWGxviXe8+dEKui47pFUWv5Fl1RZiUEkF6NxaRsqiGQGE3G8aa0hYU/yXN/WNFIU9bV8zHITiyQBQCGIik5bfV8l/+5V9uewFd86xtLWRrsQRBLDrGiAhJIUSr+txn7roBlytuYKVfQQgOIdM/A4L7yN/c7D777NOsVluUkC/LVZwhbEbd2+xYaItyDJSTdaBDO1JqncGcHCuGgrIujfCFSSNIf0bGsiMfwVwc0mTxOAJZxnJHAtxQhIosyZRlFrlvJCj7UDCw2uN5/PHHt78w9oUee0wNrmRANoiRvtEvMiErBMtj8f69rVfeerKrwmKNgSTTQoXNgw1JlBDrKZaPDk75HeOq+1247sMa5iURpQ5PPlayvaft9VBbY2I9IUHytDiBKLmhnkEOCIO1hHi91cIa3QjokmM3mN9GaBb7bG2y6MJaZh2qJ68FMZKbc3Iz35h/7RRXsC3NwGwgiXUubmHzYKEXc4ZACXVcRx3VPkkbjM0nmWOi0ObmuN9G/THXcCuN+Do9q5vFzbU0PUFeFinM52ZF18IEF9RWlwsuuGBy4YUXNjJhRSIBHzv2FomtRRbIkOtGkaNy9gMyywDht4GAvuSlBAs95jjplYUacVigFmsQpUUicg08Y6DxjLTGIJ3CxsKGm6PsWo+I0kolt8k/LFJmk+xWGp/xjGdM9t9//0aaQ9iMyjrWlOrKIkSOPo3m9U5bXMhPp+aC6vBkijy4nIjTQpi5NtYo8rCiiyBYVZsNdMoAQoasQ2/55B8tyY5cDBjmIS34WCAzeIhPdmRMfsFy3aqIcuNhwxElhaXUYPRGjIjSYg7F1bmN9N7pNt9EuYcwpqy7Qxyz6jhjZdfRyYaVY/HLFpfLLrus7Y3kdrMqIda3OUyyzdst9lx6qwShIs6uy73ROz2Z9evA6lZHupaVe16MKYyALLtygBCleU1p9u8HG11mWxEbctU7UHRWksl0biJS5EZyp7yHvG3btmZlToMxcYxdn4XSz7vj6PDm2ZClzuxNFYRp2sKeQa/csdRZl+qZzdAsR2+V2AJjNXcIm7HTG4gTyE4gF/IbQtz3wubFhiZKpOg1PW63hYnsDdThn/e8502e85znNDdqGoyJY+z6rIliHsSjoyM/LiICZB0JLB7WEldbHL9ddy4uC5L8EMHYSvdmJMoxGEyGMGY5FjYPNhxR6sg6Z4rNUrI6u3379uZSsoJ8cstfetr8O+1ovzuIEsFLh7WHyJzPkoCUPXmkU+v0fstPvuIgSBDHPb9ZVVxJg88QZlnORUHaul+3TPn00Z2bLGxObGiLUmenpCbc84oZorRnkLtoct7bEdNgTBxj12dBFKw66SAollvIcpZQ/ry9osMbcMBAkkUJ9+Ttt3NE6bdyzbP+iwbWt3rRLSHnha2LDU2UiFBH1+lZlubbLECYgPe6mMWJse1BYxgTx1qJwmLJShvfvRZnS86Tn/zkNicYi25WQIzp6CHKWEchZlBH14eIYa3134hAlOofa3sz1rEwHTYcUcbqUezMu1FkvxEma8h+QQpu/9uYko9VG1HYGuJ93i68rWHldyV49ogjjtj5B2GPeMQjJkcffXTLT5ni+gbeI37Ws57VzuXhy9jpnGNln7bjklk/3zGIC934Ic8hTFuWjYDUdzPWrbA2bDiinLa4Y8oei6oL1p9V9PPOO68tEgXc92OOOaa9G70cPO/fBLPdBliT0vM3BDZqZ85U+r4M3idkr8UJEEuvj+rAhcL6oiZeOkB0rMEuSQLi8y5vn9QCz9nH2SdJcI8lykoUAnOo/fQQ8mqs1kKhsL4oolwCl/m4445b+jUM/8MzBJvbEWWfJAMWIuuwayEiye4GZmCxjn3tqFAo7D4UUS5hNQs/5jzzlwhdxFUew7vf/e72SqD/VQlYrZnHDFifsTLl41VDoVAo7F7UHOUSENfhhx8+ahVCd/6wC3OQ/b+Z7cM3Hc1/mpdcCdxvRJmy+MJ4d+W85igLhfXFhrMokcQ0YQwItxu8w7wSuNcsvq5V6bw/pzkEH85djoS7kEc3bv4BsVAo7B6U670EFttKq9pgsScf2rC1x9+T9hdl+jjkkENW3EtZKBQWF0WUS2AVDs0/9mFlmmUJ/rzMvKYV7OWASJ/ylKe0LUY5CmPI20S2E1lgciwUCrsPRZQdDLnGxx577NLZdei66FbKEexKrnd30ea5z33uzi1ACLa/yo1AzzjjjHZEkEWShcLuRxHlErjGfcswll2XLJFiiA7JWanuwr0810WfTOUlT2Q7BOkUSRYKi4EiyiUMWYbc6qHvWXbnJH0ouAur4kOW6QMf+MCls+swRpIIsuYzC4XFQhHlMuAyX3nllUu/vgpE6a8mDj744BuQHStzyKJ83ete175ylDd0BB8c7lqNnjv77LMHV++7oVAorC+KKJfAFR5blBmy8Fif/Q3jhx56aDsObTXyPz79dPy2Is61F8xLrrR5vVAorD+KKJfAhfZ5tiEg0P6iTh/+wpR7zcLsu+Pg2pCrzQLlbgtjRF0oFHYviiiXgMiGCC5AZMvB3ymY00S2Q4TL+lzpFclCobCYKKJcAjd4yGU2H9lf2e7D3KI3b5LGal3vQqGwMVBEuQJYghZdVkJ3JdyiTR/1GmKhsHGxZYmyu/os+CuJ/vYgMPcYnHbaaUtn14ftQP7+VTrdj1n0YcW6n6+QT7D1Q6GwkdH/nsIihtWiLMolWFTxaqJV6C4QpYUc7rd5SH+D2wfXO9t8HIfmM2vzeKGwcVFE2YFV57xSmO1C2a5jfjH3vK8NCNHcY7YFBYgV4SLQkGbNTxYKGxcb7nuUs8JYtYf+S2c5DG0AH0s7rnehsBWwEahltS9wFFH2UERZKMwGY/3gkksumbz85S+fHHXUUe1/puC+973v5Da3uU07Bx+GOfPMMycve9nLJo973OOWrl53Pc90cb/73a/9rxXkuWCPPfZof1+99957tzy7WC1RqsyWxLWEOBi+/OUvTxWuueaaG4SheIJ7hcJWwVD/upbMvnItIX7lWsJrv6+66qqvXEuS7VrC5z73uZ3xjz/++HbNc7l20UUXXS++37nXjyPtpHct4V4vHWG12LLmjZFkKAytPi8XuqvXCUPxBPcKha2Ca4noeuFa8mrW5J577tnm8K/ln8md73znyZFHHrn0xHU499xz2z3hhBNOmNzlLneZnH766Tuv7bvvvu1a4K9SuvkkHkj71re+dbsuT/lLM3FXi+q5hUJhXfCKV7yiHfuvA3Otud7BiSeeOPnCF77QXGi41qpsxy4OPPDApbPrXHnxu/AxG2Taddudc8Olf/XVVy9dXR2KKAuFwtyBzD7/+c83supagwGLEYkFz3zmMxtRepGju5c5MB/ZTUf6AdJ87Wtf29LsgzUKyHIaFFEWCoW5w2cG4TadBZsuXO+64B/+8IdvQIZ9dInwbW9729LZdYs5Y4Qc0h2yQpdDEWWhUJg7EB8MWYcBcjN/GVgZXw7mN0OG0vdHf8CafMELXtDOl0PKtBoUURYKhYXBrW51q6Wz68AFXw7ducpzzjmnzU1y4ZezRNeCIspCoTAXdHeTBN1r/YAUP/GJT1xvryMXOYs6XeSZ/fbbb+nKdXEf//jHt+e76QpDO0+uueaapbOVUURZKBR2O5Cc4O+ZzU12V6u54Ah0COY2+9Zj99lZoYiyUCjMHVnRRoZ9WFTJmzoPetCD2jX/SdXFcqvU+fYCTEOSYwtLQyiiLBQKc8cYgSHO/ffff+fWocCiT3dvZSzOIbBAQ8R9gu2ju9J973vfe+lsZWzZd70LhcJ80X3zxSILQkR+3tABc49XXHFFOw+QpbAcMQ7tjzz66KMb2bpnTrKPXDOnabXbfsqTTz55cvOb37xdXwlFlIVCYS7ovyJosQb5XXDBBdfbBhTMioqWI8qsiF966aWtfKslynK9C4XCusAcJKI6/PDDBzd7I7NZhCEgRV8eAnssb3rTm05udrObtd+rQRFloVBYF1g8ufDCC9u5z6BN82bMrsJikAUjrvk0Cz5BEWWhUFg3IEvvb/t+5HoSJVx++eVrIkmoOcpCoTAXjH3GbMw9nifGaG61nz4si7JQKBRWQFmUhUJhLtgI1LJa67aIslAoFFZAud6FQqGwAoooC4VCYQUUURYKhcIKKKIsFAqFFbBLizljj+6OfVKFQqEwL5RFWSgUCstiMvl/ukmSiuE1NHoAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)wherein:R3
is a nucleofugic group;Y is a nucleofugic group; andM+ is an alkali metal;(b)
contacting the boron "ate" complex of formula (XV) with a Lewis acid under
conditions that afford a boronic ester compound of formula
(XVI):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)said
contacting step being conducted in a reaction mixture comprising:(i) a
coordinating ether solvent that has low miscibility with water; or(ii) an
ether solvent that has low miscibility with water and a coordinating
cosolvent, provided that the coordinating co-solvent constitutes no more than
20% v/v of the reaction mixture;wherein the solubility of water in the ether
solvent of (i) or (ii) that has low miscibility with water is less than 5%
w/w; andwherein the ether solvent of (i) or (ii) that has low miscibility with
water constitutes at least 70% v/v of the reaction mixture;(c) treating the
boronic ester compound of formula (XVI) with a reagent of formula
M1-N(Si(R6)3)2, where M1 is an alkali metal and each R6 independently is
selected from the group consisting of alkyl, aralkyl, and aryl, where the aryl
or aryl portion of the aralkyl is optionally substituted, to form a compound
of formula (XVII):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)(d)
removing the (R6) 3Si groups to form a compound of formula (XVIII):
![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)or
an acid addition salt thereof;(e') coupling the compound of formula (XVIII)
with a compound of formula (XIXa):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein
X is OH or a leaving group, to form a compound of formula
(XXIII):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)and
(f) deprotecting the boronic acid moiety to form the compound of formula (XIV)
or a boronic acid anhydride thereof.  
53| The process of claim 52, characterized by at least one of the following
features (1)-(3):(1) In the boron “ate” complex of formula (XV), R3 and Y both
are chloro.(2) The coupling step (e’) comprises the steps:(i) coupling the
compound of formula (XVIII) with a compound of formula (XIXa) wherein X is OH
in the presence of 2-(lH-benzotriazol-1-yl)-1,1,3,3-tetramethyluronium
tetrafluoroborate (TBTU) and a tertiary amine in dichloromethane;(ii)
performing a solvent exchange to replace dichloromethane with ethyl acetate;
and(iii) performing an aqueous wash of the ethyl acetate solution.(3) The
boronic acid deprotecting step (f’) comprises the steps:(i) providing a
biphasic mixture comprising the compound of formula (XXIII), an organic
boronic acid acceptor, a lower alkanol, a C5-8 hydrocarbon solvent, and
aqueous mineral acid;(ii) stirring the biphasic mixture to afford the compound
of formula (XIV);(iii) separating the solvent layers; and(iv) extracting the
compound of formula (XIV), or a boronic acid anhydride thereof, into an
organic solvent.  
54| The process of claim 50 or 53 wherein step (h)(iii) or (f’)(iii) comprises
the steps:(1) separating the solvent layers;(2) adjusting the aqueous layer to
basic pH;(3) washing the aqueous layer with an organic solvent; and(4)
adjusting the aqueous layer to a pH less than 8.  
55| The process of claim 54 wherein in step (h)(iii)(3) or (f’)(iii)(3), the
aqueous layer is washed with dichloromethane and/orwherein in step (h)(iv) or
(f’)(iv), the compound of formula (XIV), or a boronic acid anhydride thereof,
is extracted into dichloromethane, the solvent is exchanged to ethyl acetate,
and the compound of formula (XIV), or a boronic acid anhydride thereof, is
crystallized by addition of hexane or heptane.  
56| The process of claim 55, wherein addition of hexane or heptane results in
crystallization of a cyclic trimeric boronic acid anhydride of formula
(XXIV):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)  
  
Annex 2: Asserted claims in SG 29P

The table below summarises the asserted claims in SG 29P:

Claim No| Description  
---|---  
1| A process for forming a compound of formula
(XIV):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)or
a boronic acid anhydride thereof, comprising the steps:(e’) coupling of a
compound of formula (XVIII), or an acid addition salt
thereof:![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)with
compound of formula (XIXa):![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)wherein
the moiety –C(O)X is an activated ester generated in situ by contacting
N-(2-pyrazinecarbonyl)-L-phenylalanine with a peptide coupling reagent, to
form a compound of formula (XXIII):![](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAcgAAACcCAYAAAD7yTu/AAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAACOtSURBVHhe7d0LcFRVnj/wX6IzO2BACmS0Iw/LxABVEYFAdv6AEsFJ9M8/GxZEChyCw0OZPw9HNokw4hazA4p0Ku6C7DpqkACijnaKRykmY/jDf4IMTAdYcIUgWIOBxFnkmYgPSM7e38k5ye3O7SSd9ON25/upunb36dfNbTzfe84999wYYSAAAADwEKtuAQAAwAQBCQAAYAEBCQAAYAEBCQAAYAEBCQAAYAEBCQAAYAEBCQAAYAEBCQAAYAEBCQAAYAEBCQAAYAEBCQAAYAEBCQAAYAEBCdK3335LFy9elLcAAICABENpaSmNGzeOpk2bRtOnT6d9+/apZwAAui4EZBd25MgRmjRpEmVkZNBf/vIXcjgctH37dho7dizNmzePTp48qV4JAND1ICC7oLNnz1JeXh4NHz5cBuKqVavowoULtGnTJqqqqqLc3Fx64403aNCgQfTCCy/IrlcAgK4GF0zuQjjotm7dSosWLZKPOQjnzp1LSUlJ8rEZtx45RDlAWVFREU2dOpW6desmHwMARDsEZBfAA2927dpFq1evll2pWVlZMhzHjBmjXuEbH59cvny5fN+oUaNo5cqVlJ6erp4FAIhe6GKNcjzghgfgTJkyRT52uVy0bds2j3DkAC0uLpbHJL1xGO7du1e+j0OSj1fycUur1wIARBMEZJTiLlIOMh5ww8G2bt06GXSTJ09Wr2hkDtD169erUk/crcrv4+OUfLySu135+CV3wfLxTACAqMRdrBA9qqqqRG5uLneby4XvG8Gmnm12+PBhkZWV1fS6oqIice3aNfVs6yorKz2+wwjfdr+3qzBa3HLb8O8BAJEJARklOKA4qHRozZ07VwaZN+9wM1qElgHaHuXl5U0hO2rUKBkKCMpGJSUlcrvwLQBEJgRkFOBg4oDiCpkDi4PLG4egOUA5JK0C1F8ciN7fz63Tro63N28P3gEBgMiEUaxRICYmRt7yQJpHHnnE41QMPYJVD9LxZwSrP7xPIcE/K5LHgPl4LbYFQGRCQEYBHZDeP6X3KRpLly5tMUgn0HytS1f0yiuvyB0Go6Vuea4pANgbRrFGIW7NmaeQ45P8rUawQnDxCGL25z//Wd4CQGRBQEah3r17yxaLnkIuOzs7KDPgcGtRtxihJZ6qj/3pT3+StwAQWdDFGgXC1a1p9b3oYvXEk77zvLa8o8I7LgAQOdCCBAgiHjTFjh8/Lm8BIHIgIAGCKDk5Wd4ePnxY3gYCT/PHA7AAILjQxRoF0MVqb6mpqfL24MGD8rajeFq/tWvXktPplKOSO/t5ANA6tCABgoxHFPNo4o7OW8vnsvIpI/3795fhyJco27Jli3oWAIIFAQkQZCNHjpS3n332mbz1B19lhSeT5/MpeZKH8vJyev3113FeJUAIICABgkwH5Mcffyxv24OPM3LL03yZsrfffjvgMyABgG84BhkFcAzS/to77Zz5OCPjy5TNmDEDp4gAhAFakAAhoGcx8nWhaZ79yHyckefL5SnqFi5ciHAECBMEJEAIDB06VN4ePXpU3mo8AIePMz788MMexxnXrFmD44wAYYaABAgBq2nn9u3bR9OnT8dxRgCbwjHIKIBjkJEhLy9Pdp/y+YvvvfcejjMC2BwCMgogIIODz13kIPMHz5wTFxenHnniq3roUGR8nHHx4sXUr18/VQIAdoKAjAJWocSDQQYMGBDUVomdApKnXqurqwvYJb14+w0fPlw9Cpw777yTYmNjaceOHTRs2DBVCgB2hGOQUYhHRD755JPUp08fOTKSB4JEK/5bueuSr325evVq+TgQVqxYoe414rlUOfTbWviqHTz61NeSmZlJVVVV9M0336hPBgDbMv6nhgjHP6P3T1leXi5GjRoly/nW5XKJa9euqWeDx2pdgskIHfl9c+fOFUY4qdLO4W3Fn1lQUNC0De+///6AbD9eR/48/txQ/B4A0HEIyAinK3NevCtcfszP60o+KytLBmew6Mqfl1AyWnfqXufx38Dbixe+b96+RUVF6lWds27dOvl5/NkAYF8IyAjFLScOPK5oBw4cKG+5UreqdLmi15UyL9za4vcHCgcxh4f+fP6ucOJ16Whorlq1Sv4Nejvy36Z3MHgJxHYzfyb/NgBgTwjICMMVam5ublOFzRX6uXPnPFo6vlqK3u/l+52toPl7dWXPtyUlJeqZ0OO/hcOf14Vv/aW7a3n7mZm37RNPPKFKO0d/Zrh3JgDANwRkhNDdpbqitmoFckCYW4ocgFYtHi7TQcILv8ffoOQA1i1YXnjdeB3DiVuN+u/uyLrov8d7m3m3IvlvDQRf3wcA9oCAjADmMGpPK40r3Pa0FL0/tz0Vv/dndyRcg6mjx1h5m/Lfwy1yK+adE14C8TebAx0A7AcBaWNVVVUtwsiflhGHmbmVZxVmumXKAekrHBi/Tx+f44XXy+4tH/7b+HhkW+tpbiH6Cj7vVmSgQk3/vh0NdgAIHgSkDemK3VwZdyaMrFqK/B1m/Ni7jHGZuduWP8fuwch456K9xyP139dWC9q7FRmI4628LfmzeLsCgL0gIG2Gw0y3VPg2UC0LDjrdUmzPZ/v7ersxd5laBb9mDqjWXsf4eb099DZp6z3t0d6ABoDQQkDaBFfU5oEz3IIMROXrjT/T3DrlYPA+JaI9Lc5I0J5TPfQ2b+9pId6tyNa6pduLu3V5OwcqcAEgMBCQYcYVorkLk7tTAzEApC1WxxS51dXZ0a12pbczd71qvCOg//b24s8xtyJ5aW+4tkYHL68jANgDAjKMuGLVla1VSy4UuOWqB4roCQf4sTlIIh3/jXo76wAyB52/f6t3K7I93bNtMa9PtOyUAEQ6BGQYcIXMrbf58+c3VbKdrWA7i8N57969MkyijW4pm7utdTcz3/rLHGZ66cjneOtIixYAggeXuwqDkydPNl1hXsPPEDx8NRNjp4SSkpLk47Nnz1L//v3JCDkydgqoW7dustwfxcXFNGXKFPWokbFz0fQdHTVv3jx64403AvJZANA5XSIgG2oqaNtba2lh7iaqkSXJlO1cTrP+4REan9RTloQSAjJ8OBwLCgro5ZdfJqPFRmPGjFHP+IdDd9y4cfKiyr5kZWV5hBxfnzM+Pl49Inlh5bvuuks9IurevTsZrVP5b4Pfu23bNvUMAIRDlAdkA9Wd2EwLxucTLfktLX78/1CK48emwLxAS9xbKCell3p9aCAg2+bvTg1fB/Lrr7+WAfPFF1/IshMnTtDly5fp0qVLslWmcUjdf//99M4776iSjjG3IgcOHEhnzpyR9ztrxIgRdOjQoU4FOAAEAAdk1Ko9IJxpCSLNeUDUqqJml4TbOVFQWoFw19arstDg43y86c0LaPWi9vhGke1IFtlOl3BXf99YWu0WLme2cNBE4XRfkmVMH7fzd0lOTg7YwJohQ4ZYfkdHl1tvvVXeGgGuvgkAwiGKW5ANdHX3cho84RStrNxEs5N+osqbNZzcQI8M+ncaVvYRvTT+NlUafNw9x91pZlH7M/ir7iDlZ86gDyZupZ05qRSnihtdpor8X9DIDyaQe+fTlBIXa9katzJ06FDKyMigCRMmyKv5c8uvqKiIsrOz1Ss6hluh3F178OBBVdIsNzeXbty4QbW1taqEyOFw0E9/+lP1qJnuiuXXPvroo3TvvffSnj17qHfv3rIcAMKAAzI61RotxDRBCU7hvq6KvNUfF4XpDpHgdAtfLwkW3vR64dMEgNWLK2XLjFbiVFFY+a0q81RfWSjSKUXklZ1XJZ7b0rzwOZ07duxocRqHeRRqZ09n4VMyAnlahj7lJhDT2AFA58Qa/zNGt4Te1MPXXxl7C/W6ozudPnaGzquicMBoRe0afX5oP9UkpNJ9d7ds8bPYxNE0Lb2aXIfO0A1Vxq1CNnz4cFq3bp08dsfHIl9//XXKzMykfv36yec1HrXKrT62du1aedtR3MILVCuPW8NOp5OMYKf09HRVCgDhEv0Befoi1Tao+94avqHLX12jhHsHUl9VBDbg507Nb3/7W3laBA9sWbhwoRzY0tapG/waDiIOpCNHjqjS8MrLy5O33DULAOEXxQHZne4Z8b/Icfog/ecX36kyTw2nPqF3S+NpyoiBdLMqCxU+Bw988HOnhsOuI61wHUQrVqyQt+HEI2K3b99Oq1atQo8CgE1EcUDGUs/USbQk7RBt3nGU6lRps8t0eEcxlTrSKWNk6AdCpKWlqXvhcoNqiudTTGI+Vei+yiZ1VJH/oI/ngim0OzUcRNwly8HEARUufIrK6tWr5U7T/PnzVSkAhFt0d7HGjaT5//E8DSiYRJnPbqaKmh9kMZ9jV5z/NGUaDQjnzjwa3zP6e5ojQ+h3ambMmCGDiQOKgyocXn31VTnhwNKlSzFqFcBGojwZYilu8Cx6s2InLer7MWXG/x3FxMTQTfFP0Hb637SlcmvIJwmANoR4p4YDiYOJA2rr1q2qNHR4YM5zzz0nZ86ZPHmyKgUAO+gSTadYRwpNzimiaiEnZzeWY1SUMy0s08xZ6dULId0s9Ds1HEwcUIsWLZKBFUp6YM6aNWvkLQDYB/oWwyQ5OVndIxo8eLC6B1qod2r0QB0e1RoqGJgDYG8IyDDhiapt4XQujfxRjGylNS89aGTuHvWC8OJZh3gJtmHDhslRrTxn6759+1Rp8GBgDoD9dYmA5G4srvjN+LHu3urSEpzkvq5baXqpJbcz3KNsGxUWFsqrZvBVOIJt8eLF8vaZZ54JeihjYA6A/aEFCbbFrSw+LshX3+jTp48qDR6ecYfnZ+Xg2rVrlyoNPAzMAYgMCEgbuHDhgroHZnpUKXd9duSixh0xdepU2e3Jk5kH67QPDMwBiAwIyDAxD9L5/vvv1T3QuEuVW4/cygrlNRE5iFeuXCnv8zHCQMPAHIDIgYAEW9IXHw7HvKQ8Ubiep7W0tFR2iQZi4a5bDl8MzAGIEKILMCpZeQkhM37M5eFivmgyLm1kLZCXkfIHXw7rmWeeEQMGDGj6jQK1JCYmCpfLpb4JAOwsii+Y3IyP+XBrwPyn8ihWbp2E6zgQtyj0hX6NgMTljWyCu3b56iB8ugf71a9+RQ899JC8Hwj33HOPvBgyAEQADsjAURcpponC6b6kyrTrotr1VOsXMA4SO7YguXXE68BLeFqQNvutrruFM6Fli4sc2cLpcovqevW6IOKLJ49SF1LmZdy4ceoZAOiKgnQM8gPKzXmTKup8XbMI7HPum71+qwSnm4xMlq19Ib6n6i130wdTnqDl285QMNeQW458ygUfJ2Tcug/mqR4AYH/BG6Szx0k5r7otrsgAtmPb3+rH5EibRjPTL9CG7RX0N1UaaNzdbQ7HW265hT755JOQnVoCAPYUnIBMeJqcK0fQntx/oVcrLqtCsKUI+a0cd/SiW9T9QOJp5bi1qMORffjhh5jdBgCC1YLsRw8u+Gdyph2yVfcdn4O2fPlyeuWVV1RJePA0Zps2bZL3e/bsSW+//XbYrkVo19+q0Q9Us+dd2vzDU7Tl12Mp0NOUcziOHTtWPWr02muv0QMPPKAeAUBXFrwuVr6uX34updmg++7cuXPylmdH4QqQT0Bnn3/+eUgmwjbj8+p4btFZs2bRfffdR6NHj6aNGzfKqdQ4wEO9PpKNfqvTuSPpR02Tpv8dxU9YQXsqv6S/XvlOvSIwrMKRL548b9489QgAurrgBaTx0XEpv6R8Z/i67/jYEp/ioacs43k2+QR0l8slh9pv27ZNhlUort7A68KVb0ZGhuzO43XYv3+/HAjCp3no6c2mT58ekvXxFP7fSvMcpFNPtZUuyhu0i+aMX027rwamdXvkyJEW4ThkyJCmUzsAACQ5ljVg1KkD5tMDag8IZ5pDUNqLwlU4OySnDvCJ3uvWrWsars+nc/AQfjPv18ydO1eevB9ofDrHqlWrPNbF6gT49qxzYNnjt2qiTvMwAlJ4fmW9uFK2TDgoTTjdtaqscaKFzkwkwCfr623NSzB+ewCIbMEPSKOCq3UXiDRdGQW50uWKT5/LlpWVJQ4fPqyescYhpM+T5IXDLFAzuHivS3sqYe/1MVq9Mjw7iz/D8+/y/7fizwjEurAWn9NmQE4VhZXfqjIhtyevI+9UdHRHoqysTH4GZjICACsdDkiu4DgAuDJvZlXpsktG+UTLSpcrbW69lZeXq5KO4fDRlSaHEq+bP5U5B6l+Py/+vt/M/Fl6XfzF20OHK992ZvtwAPBn8HZu5v9vxTsP/DmdDRT9t3l8jo+ArK8uFcuMVq1jtkucNU0WwO81/14tWub11cLtcopsR+PzvDiyneK9skrjL2+GliMA+NKhgOQKzhwAzXvwvipdg+6+83qOP0tXYB3p5uRKMZAtQB0m/FlNn6NneUkrEO5a7yldvhSu7ASPil3/Tdy66cy6cEBzC1L/bf5uH+/Q589q5v9vxUHf0XVh5p0YXjx2HHzNpEPpIq+wTFS22O6N9L9FXprUHhOF2ckyEF3uaqMNamgKTIdIcx7wCEkAACt+BSRXcOYw4gDoaCvLzDvkWrQGLOgWrH4PV5D+Vti+8Gd7dM02Vd5WlWvLgGSBPH7ovX3a2u7ev1Mgu439XRfWkd/XX83roFrAljszugvZano9AABP7QpIrsy4IjRXcIEKIzP+TG6Z6O/x1QLzbsF2tsuvTR6tG+/K1Togg8G769b77w7V78TaWhfGoWVen460Ov12pUzkGa3E9MLjjS1Hb/XHRWG6QzjyysQVVQQAYKXNgORWmu5y5AqRwykQdBhaVZjeAcjrwJWt9wCW9rReAkIfH8t7UayUozzNrZPQBSTjv9fccp4wYYI4evSoR1csbzuPFnCQeK+L/j11eTD+3bTlutspErxGvHr6VlQWTrXuWgYAMPEZkNwasQqpQDFX6FZdbt6VbFJSksfrA9mF2SYdkM4D4pLsojN3tYY2ILUPP/ywaXvo5Y477pC3oca/nXnHJTU1Vd4G499NWxoD0nPEqyd1pRJ6SriqkZAA4JvPiQJ4Zpft27eT0Uqjjz76SE7mHMjJm7Ozs8lobZARwvJajfx9PP2ankmGv4u/c+/evXId+ER7ZrRE5DUc+/XrJx+H1k22OaFeb6eSkhI5O5ARRHKSgXDgeUv5NzFarfL37NGjR9D+3bTPebpYe0Pd93aDai9fJEpIpIF9b1ZlAAAWVFC2wE+18nRAcfebbinqVoe3UK5PC00tSNVKbDqhnrta/xqWFiRvI94e5i5q3Yrr0nAMEgACJIhTzbXfmDFjZEuRW0E8DRtPuRbuCcVb5TF36T7C9UpspOcIemzJCCrdvIsOt5h4vYHqDu+izaXxNDNjaMAnPweA6OJXQDZOIB2jHgWW7lK9cOGC7J6bNGmSesaOzHOXPk5zNp1W5RB+vShl/moqHLCBRmYuo6KKmsYLLTfUUEVxAS3IdBI5/52eH3+bfDUAgC+2aEGa8fGshQsXhukYoz+4IubLRDnUY9A7UMHckWqXuGSa/WYpuRf1pd2Z8XQTr89N8ZS5nShzyx7amZNKceqlAAC+2C4gI4rualUPwUZiHZQyOYeKquVIbblUF+XQo+OTEI4A0C4xfCBS3fegWwDmp63KQiWc321HfO1IPlbLI4GTkpJkWWpqKsXHx8vLeAEAQOegBRlFeICTDksAAOgcBGS7VFHxrERKzK+gFmfX3aig/MQY6+cAACBiISABAAAsICAhYPToVb0AAEQyBCQAAIAFBGSESk5OlhMqdO/eXZUQ5ebmyvJw4RHG5gUAIJLhNI924UE6D9KUVmbMSXC66UROCmH6awCA6IAWpB84BK8bAc0h3bRcd5MzQb0AAACiBgIyUsm5RfNpVnzzoJj4Wfn0/u6TVKdeEmp6PfQCABDJEJCRqO5T2vDLdDm3aNbOaqrnlmx9Ne3MItr5izTKzD8YtpAEAIgWtgvIixcvyktd6Qskg7fLVPHqUprz5WzauX4JTU5xNP6Icu7RJbR+Zy5RmC7m7NH1bCwAAJHMr4AMZsXHV8jnYOzTpw8tWrSISktL1TPg4eoh+kPBIUqf+QgNj/P++WIpbvgjNDP9EBX84RBdVaUAAOA/v0axBgMH465du2j16tVyLtFRo0bRyy+/LC+ibBaq9bG7GxX5NHjkBzTfvZNyUqyuS/EdndyQTYNeSCX3iRxKwbBaAIAOabMFya067vYMhn379tG4cePkVSmYy+WivXv3eoSjblmCWV/q3cNX8t1MPXr1Jjp9is6cD/3ssPx78VVF+GojfD9c9L+befPmqRIAAP/4DEi+sn9WVpbs7uRuz0BWeBy4kyZNorFjx8pWI5/wzsE4efJk6tatm3wNfxd/JwcorwOvC68TsPN0sdZX+N2g2svGDk1CIg3sG/rmY1VVlbzlnZ7p06fLnaBQM/+7OX/e2FZB2sEDgCjHXaytKSkpEaNGjeJ+TXnLjzvr2rVrwgg8sWrVKmGEniptVl5eLp/X32m0LOV7wHClTOQ5HCK98LioV0Ue6o+LwnSHcOSViSuqKNT4tzJ2euTvx0tubq4wglM9GzyVlZX4dwMAAdNmQDKuZIqKipoqPK6EuDLqDKuKiz+TK1P9PVzJWgVo13ZJuJ0TBaUVCHetd0TWi1p3gUijFJFXdl6VhQ+HovfvGYzA4n8j5u/xteMFAOCPdgWkxpUOVz66IgpUyyBYnxu1ao+JwuxkIyTzxEZ3dWNLsr5auF1OkW20LtOcB0StfKE9cI9AoHshmPeO29y5czu94wYAoPkVkBpXQlwZ6YqJu7I6it+rP4dbpocPH1bPQKuaArFx2/HiyHaK98oqbRWOGoeZ+bfubJh5hy4/BgAIpA4FpKaPFTYHZK1wO9OMSmuicLovqTLtuqh2PSUowSnc11WRgSvKQLYqwN462x3qvXPGLchgdNsCAHQqIBlXTs0VlA5Io/JqcYzMOiC5ckQF1/Vw0PkzoMaqG96fYAUA8JdfM+lY4dMy9KkZHvY4KedVd5tzgvbu3dv6/RDVkpKSaNu2bfLcV6ZPCzly5Ih8rOnTfR5++GF67rnn5Ok+RrjSmjVr5L8dAIBg6XRAWkp4mpwrR9CeMM0JCpGDz33lc2D5XNjt27fT8OHDKS8vj86ePSvPoeTQNE8kwaHK4QoAEGzBCUjqRw8u+Gdyph2i3Jw3qaKuQZUDtMQ9CAsXLpQtw9zcXHI6ndS/f385kQSHpnkiCQCAUAlSQBriRtL8/FxKa2dXKwC3DLnrtLy8XD6+//77ZWhyeKIbHgBCLXgBaXx0XMovKd+Jrlbwj56L92c/+xm6UwEgbIIYkKwXpczXXa1v0P7L11U5AACAvQU5IA1NXa3LaMqcDaoQAADA3oIfkE1drRPVYwAAAPsLQUAy3dXqUI8BAADsLYZnC1D3AWwjJiZGnvLBo1oBAMIhRC1IAACAyIKABAAAsICABNvhaebYgAED5C0AQDggIMF2rl27Jm/j4+PlLQBAOCAgAQAALCAgAQAiQgPVnSyh/Fn/RMU1N1RZJLhBNcX/RLPyS+iknS5cUXeSdm94lh6Mme9zeyIgAQBs7weq2f07ykzbSjctyKFJjpuN3Kmg/MQYeUpU05KxgU7KDOJQmm967kHKr/iKKvIfNJXx8hhtOPmd/AbjDTTL9FxifgXdsPqOmESaVVxlfH0+JXqU82KETdWfvd7zI4qf8j59ue8FSluwmU7YIiTrqOLVp2jCnDW0R5VYkpdNBrCRyspKPjdXuFwuVQLQtdWfdYnZjonC6b6kSpT6s6JsWbr8/4Ucy0TZlXr1BDsvyvJmiDzXcVGrSoT4XlSXrRBp/HpKEXll51U5qxdXyp4X6XkuUVlr/pwvhSs7ofE70gqE2/xctUtky89yiDTnAdP3WL3nknA7JwrHbJc4a/74sKk11ifNWMenhKv6uirzhBYkAICtfU171r5Au2YuoSdTeqkyJfZOGr/0WcrjScpqNtJL758k2T5rqKGDazfSp1Py6cXJgymOy6Qfk2P8Ano+L8W4X0FrXtqhWpxGC/XgRnrt0wza+OJkSoozRcPVz+nAH08bd1Io7/mZlNL0XANdPe6mP/JdxxP0/JMjm7/H8j29KOXJJTRz1wu0ds/X8mV2h4AEALCxhpM76KU1RDMzhlJPVeah52ias3KqcaeGSt/9hE5d/ZQ2LNtAZx9+khanOiwq+dsobc7/pXS+W/oRlZ/6bzqxYSWtOzua5i8eQw6PNxgh6P6YNtfw/btpUL/mqCW6SO6SUuNbDfcmUj9zcPp6T8+hlDGTTMFcp7p9fR8HbKg5SEXPZqju2hiKn7WeDtb8oJ41gr2imPJn3UuJ+X+kz4p/Qw/K12XQb3afa9xZMPH4rAeX0h+OtRHUqiUJYBvoYgXQrotq11OtdgOyxi5Y7urkLs0Voqz6e/WMD/V/Fa7ZyY2vp3SxrOyssO71/FZUFk5tfF16oag0v6j+uChMdxjPOUR64XHT+1t5Tzv/nmbcTZyiummvi1p3geweTnC6jU8yVqGyUBhB3/hdjmxRcKBa1Ov18v7u2gPCmZYg0paViur6elF7fKPIltsMXawAABHoO6r+opIoIZEG9r1ZlbUUe+cD9PhM7jY14urue2nQ7T+W932K7U8PPZ5J8vIRjnto5KC+1t2JDX+l8nfLjTsOSp82mhJNL2o49Qm9W8rNxLE0bexdze9v5T3caXlLr97GM5X0RbUaHNSahm/o8tffkyP1Pron7maKu+8BmpignjPEJs2mkmoXZRv3E5YspkXcYo7tR/f9fJDROj5In/5Nt0q/o5N/yKfcysfo+aUTjFZyLMUNnkiz1DbzBQEJABDRGqjuxAf01pEeNNp4VLPhHSo51Ub41H1G7791lAaNNiKypph+X/JFi+5I1hyC8TTsrttMgfEdnSr/iEr5riOR7rqjOZB9v4fFUvdbe1N39ahNsQNpcuExqn5xCH2+fSvlz3mCcvnQpt/O06d7DxH9fCQN6anX6Cd0a98e6r41BCTYTvfu3eWVPG6//XZVAtDFXbtIV65ZRRgPrnmNfrc1nlZ+8B80J53bhO/R8sJP6GrjC1poqNlHL//uI7pr5Vb6/ZyxRkkNlS7fRHuutjhiR3VnT9ExvutIp4yRvWVpozo6W/mFvOeY+RCNbAqd1t7TEfz3radZ/dJp7ec30YhnC8hpakG2G7dEv7pG9NVlqrXajD4gIMF2+vXrJy9zNWbMGFUC0FX9hOLvHmRk2EW6/I13zX6VTha/Sm8dH0G/XvFzctycRI8++4TsNq3ZXEwfn9MDWTSeaGA7Fbx1hh749WIa7+hJSY/OVyNgd9JbH1d5tSKbB+F4hqDh6lEq2Vxh3EnxGjzUynukG3T+zCk6TYPo7vifqLJWXC2nf520ir5a+R69mTONxid1MHBjb6O7hsUTHTtEnzYN8GkbAhIAwLZuptuTUymd3HTg+GVVxq7SiQ2/oZfoHylnVqoaeRpLPR+YQku4hVWznhb+5m3TSfncDbuZFrxUT4/nzKAUh+oS7ZlKjy1JM+58ShsW/gttPKHbnY3dtkUyBBPo539/jykEje9+/y01SnUk/f0QfepJa+/RLtPxA26i9FRKvt33MdUm31ymr4zv+eFUFf2twdgh+H//n44ZDcFr569Q44zNxrfWGq9R9xt9R1fO1xq3xk5FrT4G2ZtSH3uc0uR2eV2Ogm2o2U+uDyqN535PU+JnNE+YYKYG6wAAgC01juR05JWJK3xye8ESkbdETQ5AacLpVqfnX3cLZ4Ia0amXBKfYv/8V8VTeAjU5QPMI0OYT5c3v4c/7r+aT/M1LtktUN00MYF4SRLZrr+/3yO9SrpSJPId5ggI9oYCPkbT11eJAQbYwGrmNo1T3l4rX5MjZdDkBwiW3Uxj7A03fl+B8R7zjsR7mEarfi+oDr6iRqyQc2QXitbzRxq1TuNzVlqN4Y/g/xosBAMCmGs4V07xRG2jIzi2U4z1ZQMS4TBX5v6DM47PpL69PpjvN/Zc8zd1SotVFkxtH1toEulgBAGwu9s5J9G+7p9KxaU/TywdrvI4VRgCe2eflp2nasam0+98meYYj/UDn9h+gblkpZLdheQhIAADb4/P2ZtL6D2dQ/fp82hZpV/PYlk/r62fQh+tn0mDzNHZGcFYUrae36ZeUP3mg7QIJXawAAAAW0IIEAACwgIAEAACwgIAEAACwgIAEAABogeh/AHr0Sc9oynW6AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)(f')
deprotecting the boronic acid moiety to form the compound of formula (XIV) or
a boronic acid anhydride thereof.  
2| The process of claim 1, wherein in the compound of formula (XIXa) the
moiety C(O)-X is an O-(N-hydroxysuccinimide) ester.  
3| The process of claim 2, wherein the compound of formula (XIXa) is generated
in situ by contacting N-(2-pyrazinecarbonyl)-L-phenylalanine with a
carbodiimide peptide coupling reagent and N-hydroxysuccinimide.  
4| The process of claim 3, wherein the carbodiimide peptide coupling reagent
is dicyclohexylcarbodiimide.  
6| The process of any preceding claim, wherein the boronic acid deprotecting
step (f') comprises the steps:(i) providing a biphasic mixture comprising the
compound of formula (XXIII), an organic boronic acid acceptor, a lower
alkanol, a C5-8 hydrocarbon solvent, and aqueous mineral acid;(ii) stirring
the biphasic mixture to afford the compound of formula (XIV); (iii) separating
the solvent layers; and(iv) extracting the compound of formula (XIV), or a
boronic acid anhydride thereof, into an organic solvent.  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Dec 2023 (17:35 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

