Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 91

Suit No 107 of 2022

Between

(1)| Appangam Govindhasamy (Legal representative of the estate of T
Govindasamy, deceased)  
---|---  
(2)| Subbaiyan Govindasamy (Legal representative of the estate of T
Govindasamy, deceased)  
(3) | Selvadurai Manickam (Co-administrator of the estate of T Govindasamy, deceased)   
(4) | Kalaichelvi C w/o Chidambaram M (Co-administrator of the estate of T Govindasamy, deceased)  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Salaya Kalairani  
---|---  
(2)| Salaya Kalairani (Legal representative of the estate of Tey Siew Choon,
deceased)  
  
… Defendants

Counterclaim of the 1st and 2nd Defendants

Between

(1)| Salaya Kalairani  
---|---  
(2)| Salaya Kalairani (Legal representative of the estate of Tey Siew Choon,
deceased)  
  
… Plaintiffs in Counterclaim

And

(1)| Appangam Govindhasamy (Legal representative of the estate of T
Govindasamy, deceased)  
---|---  
(2)| Subbaiyan Govindasamy (Legal representative of the estate of T
Govindasamy, deceased)  
(3)| Selvadurai Manickam (Co-administrator of the estate of T Govindasamy,
deceased)  
(4) | Kalaichelvi C w/o Chidambaram M (Co-administrator of the estate of T Govindasamy, deceased)  
  
… Defendants in Counterclaim

grounds of decision

[Trusts — Resulting trusts — Presumed resulting trusts]

[Trusts — Constructive trusts — Common intention constructive trusts]

[Equity — Defences — Acquiescence]

[Equity — Defences — Laches]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Appangam Govindhasamy (legal representative of the estate of T Govindasamy,
deceased) and others

  
v

  

Salaya Kalairani and another

[2023] SGHC 91

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 107 of 2022  
Chua Lee Ming J  
14–17, 22 November, 1–2 December 2022

6 April 2023

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The late Mdm Tey Siew Choon (“Tey”) was a remarkable woman. Uneducated and
unemployed, she was left a widow at age 25 with four young children. Not only
did she raise her children, she also accumulated a number of residential and
commercial properties. The property in dispute in this case, a shophouse at 24
Cuff Road, was the first property that she bought after her late husband’s
death (the “Property”).

2 Tey bought the Property with the late Mr T Govindasamy (“TG”) as tenants-in-
common in equal shares. The main dispute in this case was over whether TG held
his half-share in the Property on trust for Tey. The two most important
witnesses, TG and Tey, had died – TG died on 10 October 1993 and Tey died on
24 May 2015.

3 The plaintiffs are the legal representatives and co-administrators of TG’s
estate, pursuant to a Grant of Letters of Administration issued on 1 June
2021. The 1st plaintiff, Mr Appangam Govindhasamy, is TG’s eldest son. The 2nd
plaintiff, Mr Subbaiyan Govindasamy, is TG’s youngest son. The 3rd plaintiff,
Mr Selvadurai Manickam, and the 4th plaintiff, Ms Kalaichelvi C w/o
Chidambaram M, are the son and daughter respectively of TG’s second son, the
late Mr Manickam Govindasamy (“Manickam”), who died in 2011.

4 The plaintiffs sought an order for the sale of the Property and the
distribution of the proceeds of sale, and for an account and inquiry of all
rental proceeds of the Property received by the defendants since TG’s death.

5 The 1st defendant, Mdm Salaya Kalairani, is Tey’s only daughter and youngest
child. She is the main beneficiary under Tey’s will dated 28 February 2002
(the “Will”). She is also the 2nd defendant in her capacity as the legal
representative of Tey’s estate pursuant to the Grant of Probate issued on 26
June 2015.

6 In their counterclaim, the defendants sought a declaration that TG held his
half-share on trust for Tey’s estate and an order for TG’s half-share to be
transferred to Tey’s estate. Under the Will, the 1st defendant would inherit
TG’s half-share in the Property if it were found to be held on trust for Tey’s
estate.

7 On 2 December 2022, I dismissed the defendants’ counterclaim and ordered the
Property to be sold and the net sale proceeds to be distributed equally
between TG’s estate and Tey’s estate. I also dismissed the plaintiffs’ claim
for an account and inquiry of rental proceeds.

8 On 29 December 2022, the plaintiffs and defendants filed cross-appeals
against my decision.

Facts

9 Tey married the late Mr Salaya s/o Vengdalamandor (“SV”) in 1960. SV was an
employee with the Public Works Department (“PWD”) in Singapore. Their inter-
racial marriage was frowned upon and both Tey and SV were estranged from their
respective families. Tey reconciled with her own family only in the 1980s.

10 After their marriage, Tey and SV stayed on the lower floor of government-
controlled quarters situated off Hindoo Road along present day Jalan Besar. TG
was staying on the top floor of the same quarters. TG was then employed as a
mason with the PWD and he became good friends with SV and a close friend to
SV’s family. SV’s children addressed TG in Tamil as “grandfather”.

11 In the late 1960s, SV was diagnosed with liver disease, and he subsequently
fell severely ill and passed away in 1969. As an unemployed young widow with
four young children, Tey relied on TG’s advice. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st defendant’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), at para 37.

TG informally adopted Tey as his daughter and Tey’s four children as his
grandchildren. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 38.

12 On 28 May 1970, Tey and TG bought the Property for $40,000 as tenants-in-
common in equal shares. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”), at pp 25–29.

The 1st defendant inherited Tey’s half-share in the Property under the Will.

13 On 14 April 1971, Tey and one Mr Muthusamy s/o Govindasamy (“Muthusamy”)
bought a property at 10 Veerasamy Road (“10 Veerasamy”) for $22,000 as
tenants-in-common in equal shares. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendants’ 2nd Supplementary Bundle of Documents (“2 DSB”), at pp 6–8.

According to the 1st defendant, Muthusamy was a businessman who was introduced
to Tey by a family friend. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Exhibit D3.

In 1993, after Muthusamy died, Tey bought over Muthusamy’s half-share in the
property from his estate. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB 105–111.

14 1n November 1974, Tey bought a property at 18 Tai Hwan Lane, Singapore (“18
Tai Hwan”) for $94,000 in her sole name. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

2 DSB 12–15.

Tey sold the property in November 1984 for $500,000. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

2 DSB 17–19.

15 On 12 September 1975, Tey mortgaged the Property to Malayan Banking Berhad
(“Maybank”) as security for banking facilities not exceeding $120,000 (the
“1975 Mortgage”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB 30–45.

Clearly, the value of the Property had appreciated significantly in the five
years since it was purchased. Under the 1975 Mortgage, TG stood as surety and
both Tey and TG assumed joint and several liability to Maybank.

16 In 1979, Tey bought a property at 19 Puay Hee Avenue. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Exhibit D3.

She reconstructed the property into a pair of semi-detached houses between
1994 and 1996, namely 19 and 19A Puay Hee Avenue. One house was bequeathed to
her second son (since deceased) and the other to her youngest son.

17 Sometime in the late 1970s to early 1980s, Tey bought 33 Mulberry Avenue
for her eldest son (since deceased). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Exhibit D3.

The estate of her eldest son sold the property in 2019.

18 On 15 April 1983, Tey mortgaged the Property to Maybank as security for
banking facilities not exceeding $400,000 (the “1983 Mortgage”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB 46–51.

Under the 1983 Mortgage, again, TG stood as surety and both Tey and TG assumed
joint and several liability to Maybank.

19 According to the 1st defendant, on 17 August 1983, Tey bought a property at
50 Clive Street, Singapore (“50 Clive”) for $75,000 in the name of her sister.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Exhibit D3; 2 DSB 25–28.

On 6 September 2010, Tey’s sister sold the property for $1.16m. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

2 DSB 30–32.

20 On 20 November 1983, Tey bought a property at 4 Norris Road (“4 Norris”)
for $110,000 in her sole name. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

2 DSB 37–40.

The 1st defendant inherited this property under the Will.

21 On 23 July 1984, Tey bought a property at 22 Veerasamy Road, Singapore (“22
Veerasamy”) for $230,000 in her second son’s name. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Exhibit D3; 2 DSB 21–23.

This property was repossessed by Maybank in 2019 and sold.

22 On 2 August 1984, Tey mortgaged the Property to Maybank as security for
banking facilities not exceeding $480,000 (the “1984 Mortgage”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB 52–57.

As before, under the 1984 Mortgage, TG stood as surety and both Tey and TG
assumed joint and several liability to Maybank.

23 On 10 October 1993, TG died by suicide. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB 1.

24 In late 1993, Tey went to India, bringing with her a power of attorney
which the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs, Manickam and Manickam’s wife signed. In the
power of attorney dated 28 December 1993 (the “1993 POA”), 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AB 9–15.

the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs, Manickam and his wife stated the following, among
other things:

(a) they were the beneficiaries of TG’s estate;

(b) they were “desirous in having the Grant of Letters of Administration in
order to crystalize the assets and to realize same”; and

(c) they appointed Tey as their attorney to, among other things,

(i) apply for and obtain the Grant of Letters of Administration to TG's estate
in Singapore; and

(ii) to sell any property of TG in Singapore, “especially the property located
at and known as No. 24A Cuff Road”; it was not disputed that 24A Cuff Road
referred to the second floor of the Property.

The 1993 POA described Tey as “daughter of [TG] and one of the beneficiaries
of [TG’s] estate”.

25 In late 1995, Tey again went to India, bringing with her another power of
attorney (the “1995 POA”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB 16–24.

The 1995 POA was similar to the 1993 POA, except that it no longer described
Tey as TG’s daughter and one of the beneficiaries of TG’s estate. According to
the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs, Tey informed them that a new power of attorney
needed to be executed because the 1993 POA had not been accepted by the court
in Singapore. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1st plaintiff’s AEIC, at para 74; 2nd plaintiff’s AEIC, at para 69.

Manickam refused to sign the 1995 POA because he was suspicious of Tey. In the
event, the 1995 POA was not signed.

26 In July 1996, Manickam gave notice to Tey, through his lawyer, that he was
revoking the 1993 POA. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Documents (“PB”), at pp 10–11.

27 On 27 November 2000, Tey mortgaged 4 Norris to Maybank. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB 139–151.

28 On 28 February 2002, Tey executed her Will, in which she appointed the 1st
defendant as sole executrix and trustee of her Will. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB 62–66.

Tey did not make provision for her eldest son because she had given him 33
Mulberry (see [17] above). Tey bequeathed 19A Puay Hee to her second son and
19 Puay Hee to her youngest son. As for the 1st defendant, cl 6 of the Will
stated as follows:

6\. I give my aforesaid daughter [the 1st defendant] my share in the land and
premises known as No.24 Cuff Road, Singapore and the lands and premises known
as No.10 Veerasamy Road, Singapore and No.4 Norris Road, Singapore for her
absolute use and benefit …

[emphasis added in italics]

The 1st defendant was also the beneficiary of Tey’s residuary estate.

29 On 24 May 2015, Tey died.

30 On 23 June 2015, the 1st defendant obtained a Grant of Probate of Tey’s
Will. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB 61.

31 On 8 September 2015, 10 Veerasamy was transferred to the 1st defendant (as
beneficiary under the Will). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AB 112–113.

32 On 21 October 2015:

(a) the three mortgages over the Property were discharged; 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB 69–70.

and

(b) Tey’s half-share in the Property was transferred to the 1st defendant (as
beneficiary under the Will). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB 58–60.

33 On 1 December 2015, the 1st defendant’s three brothers lodged a caveat
against her half-share in the Property. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB 71–74.

The 1st defendant’s brothers claimed that Tey had executed a later will (the
“2nd Will”) that superseded the Will and that under the 2nd Will, Tey had
bequeathed her half-share in the Property to them. The 1st defendant’s
brothers subsequently disavowed the 2nd Will pursuant to a settlement with the
1st defendant.

34 On 5 December 2016:

(a) the mortgage over 4 Norris was discharged; 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB 152–153.

and

(b) 4 Norris was transferred to the 1st defendant (as beneficiary under the
Will). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB 154–157.

35 On 23 October 2020, the plaintiffs obtained a Grant of Letters of
Administration of TG’s estate. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AB 7.

The parties’ cases

36 The plaintiffs’ case was that:

(a) TG owned the beneficial interest in his half-share in the Property and his
half-share therefore belonged to his estate;

(b) in any event, the defendants’ claim that TG held his half-share in the
Property on trust for Tey was barred by laches and/or acquiescence;

(c) the Property should therefore be sold, alternatively, the 1st defendant
could purchase TG’s half-share in the Property; and

(d) the defendants were liable to account for the rental proceeds collected by
them from the Property since TG’s death, and the claim for an account was not
barred by laches.

37 The defendants’ case was that:

(a) TG held his half-share in the Property on a resulting trust,
alternatively, a common intention constructive trust, for Tey; 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) (“D&CC”), paras 9–10.

(b) if TG’s half-share in the Property belonged to his estate absolutely, the
Property should be partitioned instead of sold;

(c) in any event, the plaintiffs’ claim that TG was the beneficial owner of
his half-share in the Property was barred by acquiescence;

(d) the defendants did not have to account for the rental proceeds in respect
of the Property; and

(e) in any event, the plaintiffs’ claim for an account was barred by laches.

38 During closing submissions, the defendants confirmed that they no longer
maintained (a) the defences of limitation and laches with respect to the
plaintiffs’ claim that TG was the beneficial owner of his half-share in the
Property, and (b) the defence of limitation with respect to the plaintiffs’
claim for an account. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 1 December 2022, at 6:6–26.

The issues

39 The issues before me were:

(a) Whether TG held his half-share in the Property on a resulting trust,
alternatively, a common intention constructive trust, for Tey?

(b) If so, whether the defendants’ counterclaim was barred by laches and/or
acquiescence?

(c) If not, whether the plaintiffs’ claim that TG was the beneficial owner of
his half-share in the Property was barred by acquiescence?

(d) If TG’s half-share belonged to his estate and the plaintiffs’ claim was
not barred by acquiescence, whether the defendants were liable to account for
the rental proceeds in respect of the Property, and if so, whether the claim
for an account was barred by laches?

(e) If TG’s half-share belonged to his estate and the plaintiffs’ claim was
not barred by acquiescence, whether the Property should be sold or
partitioned?

Burden of proof

40 The defendants submitted that the plaintiffs bore the burden of proving
that the Property remained a part of TG’s estate. I agreed with the
defendants’ submission. This meant proving that TG owned his half-share in the
Property absolutely. However, the plaintiffs were entitled to rely on the
presumption of indefeasibility of title. The plaintiffs did not have to prove
that TG paid for his half-share; they only needed to show that TG was the
registered owner of a half-share in the Property: Loo Chay Sit v Estate of Loo
Chay Loo, deceased [2010] 1 SLR 286 at [14]. The plaintiffs had discharged
their legal burden of proof; it could not be disputed that TG was the
registered owner of a half-share in the Property.

41 The burden therefore shifted to the defendants to prove the alleged
resulting trust or common intention constructive trust. Proof of either would
displace the presumption of indefeasibility of title.

42 Both TG and Tey had died and there was no direct evidence of either trust.
Much of the case turned not only on inferences to be drawn, but also on
inferences upon inferences.

Whether TG held his half-share in the Property on a resulting trust

43 The defendants alleged that Tey paid the full purchase price of the
Property and relied on the presumption of resulting trust (Lau Siew Kim v Yeo
Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108). The burden was on the
defendants to prove that Tey did pay the full purchase price of the Property.

44 There was no evidence as to how the Property was paid for, including
whether a loan was taken to pay for the Property. The defendants’ case that
Tey paid the full purchase price was one of inference based on their
allegations that Tey had the ability to pay the full purchase price whilst TG
did not have the ability to pay for his half-share of the purchase price.
There was no direct evidence of Tey’s ability to pay or TG’s inability to pay.

45 It was not enough for the defendants to merely prove that Tey had the
ability to pay the full purchase price. Having the ability to pay did not
necessarily mean that Tey therefore did pay the full purchase price. To
support the inference that Tey did pay the full purchase price, the defendants
had to also prove that TG could not have paid for his half-share in the
Property.

Whether Tey had the ability to pay the full purchase price

46 Tey was married in 1960. In 1969, her husband died. The 1st defendant’s
evidence was that during the 1960s, Tey cooked and delivered meals in tiffin
carriers to foreign workers living in the Serangoon Road vicinity. Tey also
washed laundry but the 1st defendant admitted that this “wasn’t a big thing”.
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 74:8–11.

47 It was not the defendants’ case that Tey’s husband left her any substantial
assets. In any event, there was no such evidence. In fact, the 1st defendant
testified that Tey’s food business was to “supplement the family income”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 25.

The defendants’ case was that Tey’s food business in the 1960s enabled her to
pay the full purchase price of the Property.

48 There was no evidence as to Tey’s earnings from her food business in the
1960s (which was the relevant period in this case) or thereafter for that
matter. There was no evidence even as to when the food business started. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 70:10–12.

The 1st defendant was born in 1965; she had no personal knowledge of how well
Tey’s food business did or how much she earned from the business in the 1960s.

49 Tey carried out her food business from home and she handled the cooking and
delivery all by herself. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 70:6–9.

This meant that she had to get orders, cook the food, pack the food into
tiffin carriers and deliver these tiffin carriers all by herself. In addition,
in the 1960s, she bore four children between 1960 and 1965 and had to raise
four very young children. The 1st defendant testified that when Tey was busy,
she would ask the neighbours to take care of the children. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 71:25–72:11.

Even so, as the 1st defendant conceded, the children were still Tey’s primary
responsibility and needed constant care and attention. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 72:12–13, 20–23.

As remarkable a woman as Tey was, the circumstances that she was in would have
constrained her earning capacity in the 1960s.

50 The defendants also relied on the fact that Tey purchased a half-share of
10 Veerasamy in 1971 and that she purchased 18 Tai Hwan in 1974 (see [13] and
[14] above). The defendants argued that this showed that she had financial
means. In my view, these facts did not lead to the inference that Tey
therefore had the ability to pay the full purchase price of the Property in
May 1970. I noted as well that Tey’s half-share of the purchase price of 10
Veerasamy was $11,000 and there was no evidence as to how she paid for it. 18
Tai Hwan was purchased in 1974 for $94,000; again, there was no evidence as to
how she paid for it. There was evidence that she mortgaged the Property for a
bank loan of $120,000 in 1975 although there was no evidence as to what she
used the moneys for.

51 In my judgment, there was insufficient evidence for me to draw the
inference that Tey had the means to pay the full purchase price of the
Property in May 1970. All that could be inferred from the evidence was that
Tey was able to save enough money to pay for at least half of the purchase
price of the Property, either with or without taking a loan.

Whether TG had the ability to pay for his half-share

52 It was the defendants’ own case that TG came to Singapore in 1950 and the
documentary evidence supported this. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendants’ Bundle of Documents (“DB”), at pp 102–103; Defendants’ Closing
Submissions, at para 25.

It was not disputed that TG was working in Singapore although there was no
evidence as to what work he was doing before 1966. The evidence showed that by
1966, TG was working with the PWD as a mason. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DB 28.

The 1st and 2nd plaintiffs’ evidence was that TG became a supervisor with the
PWD. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE, 14 November 2022, at 20:17–19; 16 November 2022, at 32:16–21.

The 1st and 2nd plaintiffs testified that TG also carried out private
contracting for landscaping and gardening maintenance. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE, 14 November 2022, at 20:8–9; 16 November 2022, at 35:12–13.

I found no reason not to accept their testimony.

53 The 1st defendant alleged that TG’s sons and wife had “little or no formal
education” and lived in “poor and squalid conditions” in India. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 32.

The 1st defendant also alleged that TG had to send most of his “meagre salary”
to his family in India, that he had no savings in Singapore, and that he was
financially dependent on Tey especially after his retirement in or around
1980. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at paras 33 and 39–40.

The 1st defendant’s allegations were based on her own assertions as to what TG
and Tey allegedly told her and her claim to have observed Tey giving money to
TG. There was no supporting objective evidence.

54 The evidence adduced in court contradicted the 1st defendant’s allegations.
First, far from having little or no education, the 2nd plaintiff had a
Bachelor of Arts (Tamil medium); he also had businesses, including running a
cinema theatre that he owned. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE, 16 November 2022, at 25:30–27:20.

55 Second, photographs of the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs’ houses in India showed
that they were far from poor and their living conditions were far from
squalid. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiffs’ 2nd Supplementary Bundle of Documents, at pp 12–14 and 17.

56 Third, TG was not as poor or as financially dependent on Tey as the
defendants tried to make him out to be. The 1st defendant’s description of
TG’s salary as “meagre” was an unjustified attempt to bolster the defendants’
case.

(a) The 1st defendant herself testified that TG had told her that he had
bought pieces of land and property in India which his sons enjoyed. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 54.

(b) The 1st plaintiff had purchased land in India in 1965; 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Exhibit P9.

he testified that TG remitted Rs15,000 for the purchase. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE, 16 November 2022, at 7:14–22, 8:22–25.

(c) TG gave a General Power of Attorney (the “General POA”) to the 1st
plaintiff in 1973 to manage his immovable properties and a pawn broker
business in India. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Exhibit P1; PB 17–28.

The plaintiffs produced the original copy of the document. The defendants
disputed the authenticity of the General POA, pointing out that a “seal”
(which was just a rubber stamp) affixed to the document was dated 30 April
1973 but the document was executed on 8 November 1973. There was no evidence
as to why the date on the rubber stamp was 30 April 1973. However, the
document showed that it was presented and registered in the office of the “Sub
Registrar of Paddukkotai” on 8 November 1973, consistent with the date of
execution. I accepted the document as genuine. The plaintiffs also produced
what appeared to be a formal handwritten copy of the General POA, made in
1985. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Exhibit P2.

There was no reason to doubt the authenticity of the copy. The defendants
pointed out that the reasons for the existence of the copy were unclear. That
may have been so. However, in my view, the fact that a copy of the General POA
was made supported the authenticity of the General POA.

(d) TG had a Non-Resident External Account with Indian Bank. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PB 30–48.

The transactions between 1983 and 1986 in the account passbook showed that he
had financial resources.

(e) Entries in TG’s Post Office Savings Bank (“POSB”) passbook between April
1990 and October 1993 contradicted the 1st defendant’s allegation that TG was
financially dependent on Tey after he retired. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DB 81–95.

(f) In 1986 (after TG had retired), TG lent $14,000 to one Vellachami Perumal
Servai (“Vellachami”) who signed an acknowledgment of debt. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Exhibit P3.

Vellachami (who lived in India) did not give evidence. The plaintiffs produced
the original copy of the document. The 1st plaintiff explained that he
searched for and met up with Vellachami but he was not willing to come to
Singapore to give evidence. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE, 14 November 2022, at 41:28–42:20.

I accepted the 1st plaintiff’s explanation and admitted the acknowledgment of
debt as evidence pursuant to s 32(1)(j)(iii) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020
Rev Ed).

(g) PW4 (an Indian national who got to know TG in 1993 when he came to work in
Singapore) testified that TG lent him $3,000 in September 1993 and that he
repaid it with some interest in October 1993. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Chinna Samy Subramaniam’s AEIC, at paras 15–16; NE, 17 November 2022, at
29:3–9.

It was put to PW4 that there was no supporting documentary evidence (to which
PW4 agreed) but otherwise, PW4’s evidence was not challenged. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 28:28–29:11.

The defendants submitted that PW4’s evidence ought to be viewed with suspicion
because he had good reason to keep the goodwill of the 1st plaintiff who was
his village elder. I rejected the defendants’ submission. The suggestion that
PW4 was not truthful simply because the 1st plaintiff was his village elder
was unsubstantiated.

(h) PW5 (an Indian national who got to know TG in 1987 when he came to work in
Singapore) testified that he borrowed about $3,000 from TG in or around 1989
and repaid TG with some interest. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Mary Karnanithy’s AEIC, at paras 3 and 10–11; NE, 17 November 2022, at
35:11–18.

The defendants again submitted that PW5’s evidence ought to be viewed with
suspicion because the 1st plaintiff was his village elder. I rejected the
defendants’ unsubstantiated submission.

57 The 1st defendants’ response to the above evidence was to allege that the
loan to Vellachami, the moneys that TG remitted to India, as well as the
moneys deposited into his accounts all came from Tey. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at paras 41, 48 and 114; NE, 17 November 2011, at
82:30–83:21, 86:7–10 and 86:20–31.

The 1st defendant even claimed that “most if not all of the properties” bought
by TG’s sons in India were bought using funds remitted by TG through financial
assistance provided by Tey. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 48.

When confronted with the fact that TG’s Indian Bank passbook showed that TG
still received funds after his retirement, the 1st defendant claimed that the
monies came from Tey. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 82:12–24.

58 There was no objective evidence in support of the 1st defendant’s
allegations. Her self-serving bare allegations were just her assumptions based
on her unsubstantiated claim that she had seen Tey hand money to TG and the
fact that TG had retired. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 83:25–84:17, 86:11–17, 86:32–87:30.

The 1st defendant accepted that she had no knowledge of the specific
transactions. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 87:15–18.

In fact, she was not even in Singapore when the loan to Vellachami was given.
The entries in TG’s POSB passbook also included transactions that took place
when she was not in Singapore. The 1st defendant was away from Singapore for
further studies from 1985 to 1989, although she would return to Singapore
twice a year during the summer and winter holidays. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 51:20–32.

59 The 1st defendant did not produce any statements of Tey’s bank accounts to
substantiate her allegation that TG’s moneys came from Tey. In particular,
deposits in TG’s POSB included cheque deposits and deposits in TG’s Indian
Bank accounts included Singapore Mail Transfers. If the cheque deposits and
Singapore Mail Transfers had come from Tey’s accounts, these should be
reflected in Tey’s accounts statements.

60 In any event, even if TG’s financial position after 1970, and in
particular, after his retirement, was less than healthy, that did not mean
that he had no means to pay for his half-share in the Property in 1970.

61 On the contrary, there was no credible reason as to why TG’s name was
included as a tenant-in-common if he did not in fact pay for his half-share.
The defendants contended that TG’s name was included as a tenant-in-common to
enable him to stand as Tey’s surety when she sought future financing from
banks. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

D&CC, at para 8.4.

There was no evidence of this apart from the 1st defendant’s contention that
this was what Tey had told her. In my view, this contention was both unlikely
and illogical.

(a) The first bank loan taken by Tey was in 1975; the loan was secured by a
mortgage over the Property. It was unlikely that in 1970, Tey was already
making plans to not only take loans in future but to also use TG as surety.
Tey’s husband had just died in 1969 and she had to raise four young children
who were aged between five and ten.

(b) More importantly, the contention that Tey made TG a co-owner of the
Property so that he would be an acceptable surety to the bank was illogical.
The Property itself was going to be used to secure the loan. It did not make
sense that making TG a co-owner of the Property would make him more acceptable
as a surety for the loan.

62 I found that the 1st defendant was not a credible witness. As can be seen
from the discussions above, she had no hesitation in claiming as fact what was
nothing more than her own speculation. She also had no hesitation in making
baseless sweeping allegations. The 1st defendant’s wild allegations did her
credibility no favours.

63 In my judgment, there was not enough evidence for me to infer that TG could
not have paid for his half-share in the Property in May 1970. I noted also
that, as in Tey’s case, he could also have done so with a loan.

The objective evidence showed that Tey did not pay the full purchase price

64 The objective evidence showed that Tey did not treat TG’s half-share as
hers. The inference to be drawn was that Tey did not pay the full purchase
price of the Property.

The 1993 and 1995 POAs

65 Tey obtained the 1993 POA from the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs, Manickam and his
wife (see [24] above). 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AB 9–15.

The 1993 POA was drafted by Tey’s lawyer. The recital in the 1993 POA stated
that TG’s beneficiaries were “desirous in having the Grant of Letters of
Administration in order to crystalize the assets and to realise the same”
(emphasis added). The stated purpose of the 1993 POA was to authorise Tey to
apply for the Letters of Administration for TG’s estate and to “effect any
other application … to sell, transfer, mortgage, lease or to otherwise deal
[with] any property whatsoever of [TG] … especially the property located at
and known as No 24A Cuff Road”. It was clear that the 1993 POA was targeted at
TG’s half-share in the Property. TG had no other significant asset in
Singapore that that had to be realised or sold.

66 The 1995 POA was similar to the 1993 POA except that a description of Tey
as TG’s daughter and one of the beneficiaries of TG’s estate in the 1993 POA
was removed from the 1995 POA. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AB 16–24.

The 1995 POA was not signed but the fact remained that the 1995 POA again
contemplated the sale of TG’s half-share in the Property for the benefit of
the beneficiaries of his estate, this time excluding Tey.

67 The 1993 and 1995 POAs showed that Tey did not treat TG’s half-share as
hers.

(a) First, the POAs clearly contemplated the sale of TG’s half-share for the
benefit of the beneficiaries of his estate.

(b) Second, if Tey had regarded TG’s half-share as hers, her concern would
have been to have TG’s half-share transferred to her. The defendants’ case was
that the reason for the 1993 POA was for Tey to obtain the letters of
administration for TG’s estate and effect the transfer of TG’s half-share to
Tey. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE, 15 November 2022, at 41:11–15.

I noted that the 1st defendant did not give any evidence to this effect. In
any event, the defendants’ case was contradicted by the 1993 and 1995 POAs,
which stated expressly that TG’s beneficiaries wanted the letters of
administration to realise the Property. Both POAs were drafted by Tey’s
lawyer. It seemed to me that if Tey had informed her lawyer that TG’s half-
share was held on trust for her, or that the purpose of the POAs was for Tey
to transfer TG’s half-share to herself, her lawyer would have drafted the POAs
differently. The language in both POAs was more consistent with the 1st and
2nd plaintiffs’ evidence that Tey told them that she would sell the Property
and repatriate half of the proceeds to them. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

1st plaintiff’s AEIC, at para 61; 2nd plaintiff’s AEIC, at para 56.

The Will

68 Clause 6 of the Will stated as follows: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB 64–65.

I GIVE [the 1st defendant] my share in the land and premises known as No. 24
Cuff Road, Singapore and the lands and premises known as No. 10 Veerasamy
Road, Singapore and No. 4 Norris Road, Singapore for her absolute use and
benefit and she will be responsible for settling the loans (if any) under all
or any of the lands and premises mentioned under this clause.

[emphasis added]

69 By 2002, when the Will was executed, 10 Veerasamy Road was wholly owned by
Tey; 4 Norris Road was wholly owned by Tey from the time of its purchase. The
description of Tey’s interest in the Property as her “share” showed that Tey
did not treat TG’s half-share as hers. This was especially clear when
contrasted with the description of her interests in 10 Veerasamy and 4 Norris
Road.

70 The defendants argued that the half-share held by TG would pass to the 1st
defendant pursuant to cl 7 of the Will under which Tey bequeathed the
residuary assets to the 1st defendant. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AB 65.

In my view, this argument did not help the defendants. It did not explain why
Tey referred to only her “share” in the Property in the Will. The Will was
prepared by a lawyer. If Tey had regarded TG’s half-share as hers, there was
no reason why she would not have informed her lawyer. If Tey had informed her
lawyer that TG held his half-share on trust for her, there was no reason why
the Will would not have dealt with this expressly, especially since there was
express reference to 24 Cuff Road. In my judgment, the Will was strong
objective evidence that Tey did not regard herself as the owner of TG’s half-
share in the Property and thus did not inform her lawyer that TG held his
half-share on trust for her.

Conclusion on resulting trust

71 The burden was on the defendants to prove that Tey paid the full purchase
price for the Property. The defendants sought to prove this by way of
inference based on their allegations that Tey had the means to pay the full
purchase price whilst TG did not have the means to pay for his half-share. The
defendants did not prove both allegations. Even if it could be said that Tey
had the means to pay the full purchase price, this in and of itself did not
prove that she did so. The objective evidence showed that she did not pay the
full purchase price.

72 The defendants therefore failed to prove that Tey paid the full purchase
price. Accordingly, I dismissed the defendants’ claim based on resulting
trust.

Whether TG held his half-share in the Property on a common intention
constructive trust

73 In Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048, the Court of Appeal
explained a common intention constructive trust as follows (at [97]):

… X acquires a beneficial interest in a property by way of a common intention
constructive trust when he relies to his detriment on a common intention that
the beneficial interest in the property is to be shared. Such a common
intention may: (a) arise from an express discussion; or (b) take the form of
an inferred common intention, as evidenced by direct financial contributions
by X to the purchase price of the property; or (c) in exceptional situations,
arise from other conduct by X which gives rise to an implied common intention.
…

74 The court is ultimately concerned with identifying whether the parties
shared a common intention as to the beneficial interest in the property;
direct financial contributions to the purchase price are an important
consideration but they are not the only basis upon which the court may infer
such a common intention: Ong Chai Soon v Ong Chai Koon and others [2022] 2 SLR
457 at [34].

75 The defendants’ pleaded case relied on the following to support the
inference of a common intention that the beneficial interest in TG’s half-
share was to belong to Tey: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

D&CC, at para 8.

(a) On 28 May 1970, Tey completed the purchase of the Property.

(b) Tey paid the full purchase price for the Property.

(c) Tey did not intend or evince any intention to give the half-share
registered in TG’s name to TG.

(d) Tey included TG’s name as the registered owner of a half-share to enable
TG to stand as her surety when she sought future financing from banks for the
purposes of future investments by her.

(e) Tey operated a restaurant at the Property. TG was not involved in the
restaurant business.

(f) TG did not reside at the Property at any time.

(g) Tey took up credit facilities with banks as “borrower” while TG stood as a
surety pursuant to the 1975 Mortgage, the 1983 Mortgage and the 1984 Mortgage.
Tey used the credit facilities in part to fund the purchase of further
properties and Tey alone serviced the loan repayments.

(h) Tey leased out the Property in her own name, collected the rent, paid for
the maintenance of the Property and paid the property tax.

(i) TG did not contribute towards the purchase price or maintenance of the
Property.

(j) Tey retained possession of the original title deeds to the Property.

Tey completed the purchase of the Property on 28 May 1970

76 There was no evidence as to what happened during the completion of the
purchase of the Property. The mere fact that the purchase was completed did
not evidence any common intention that TG was to hold his half-share on trust
for Tey.

Whether Tey paid the full purchase price

77 As discussed earlier, I found that the defendants had not proved that Tey
did pay the full purchase price of the Property.

Whether Tey evinced an intention to give the half-share registered in TG’s
name to TG

78 The defendants’ contention that Tey did not evince an intention to give the
half-share registered in TG’s name to TG assumed that Tey paid for TG’s half-
share. As the defendants had failed to prove that Tey paid the full purchase
price, this question was moot.

Whether TG was registered as owner of a half-share to enable him to stand at
surety

79 The defendants contended that TG’s name had to be included as a tenant-in-
common to enable him to stand as Tey’s surety when she sought future financing
from banks. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

D&CC, at para 8.4.

This contention had more to do with the defendants’ assertion that Tey paid
the full purchase price. It was the defendants’ attempt to explain why TG was
registered as the owner of a half-share if he did not pay for his half-share.
In any event, I rejected this contention; it was both unlikely and illogical
(see [61] above).

Tey’s operation of a restaurant at the Property

80 The defendants’ pleaded case was that Tey operated a restaurant at the
Property and that TG was not involved in the restaurant business. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

D&CC, at para 8.5.

These two facts were not disputed. However, in my view, these facts were
neutral at best. Tey held a 50% share in the Property. The restaurant was on
the ground floor. The plaintiffs’ case was that TG occupied the second floor.
The fact that Tey operated a restaurant on the ground floor did not evidence
any common intention that TG was to hold his half-share on trust for Tey.

81 In any event, TG had stepped in to help Tey after her husband died. He
adopted (albeit informally) Tey as his daughter and her children as his
grandchildren. The fact that he had no issues with Tey operating the
restaurant on the ground floor was hardly surprising. It was not enough to
support an inference that he held his half-share on trust for Tey.

Whether TG lived at the Property

82 The defendants alleged that TG stayed with Tey and her family at 22
Veerasamy Road and did not reside at the Property at any time. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

D&CC, at para 8.6.

The plaintiffs contended that TG lived at both the Property and 22 Veerasamy
Road.

83 TG did live at 22 Veerasamy at the time of his death. However, it was not
disputed that in the final days of his life, TG was not well. The defendants’
own case was that after TG’s knee surgery sometime between 1987 and 1989, it
was unlikely that he would have lived at the second floor of the Property
because that would have required him to climb a flight of stairs. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions, at para 40.4.

In the circumstances, the fact that TG would have stayed with his adopted
family at 22 Veerasamy in his later years was not surprising. This fact was
not sufficient evidence that TG never stayed at the Property.

84 TG’s wake was also held at 22 Veerasamy. It was not disputed that under
Hindu tradition, a deceased person’s wake would be held at his last place of
residence. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE, 15 November 2022, at 28:6–16.

However, the fact that TG’s wake was held at 22 Veerasamy merely showed that
22 Veerasamy was TG’s last place of residence at the time of his death. As
discussed above, there was a reason why TG was staying at 22 Veerasamy at the
time of his death. The holding of TG’s wake at 22 Veerasamy did not mean that
TG never stayed at the Property.

85 The defendants also relied on the fact that TG’s POSB passbook showed TG’s
address as 22 Veerasamy. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DB 82.

However, this fact had to be looked at in context. The passbook was issued on
18 April 1990, when it was likely that TG was staying at 22 Veerasamy. As
stated earlier, the defendants’ own case was that after TG’s knee surgery
sometime between 1987 and 1989, it was unlikely that he would have lived at
the second floor of the Property (see [83] above). Further, I noted that in
his Indian Bank passbook (which covered an earlier period between 1983 and
1986), TG’s address was stated as 24A Cuff Road, ie, the second floor of the
Property. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PB 31.

In my view, TG’s address in his POSB passbook did not mean that TG never
stayed at the Property. In fact, TG’s address in his Indian Bank passbook
supported the plaintiffs’ claim that he did stay at the Property.

86 The plaintiffs’ witnesses testified that TG did stay at the Property. PW3
(the 1st plaintiff’s daughter) testified that she visited TG in 1987 and
stayed with him at 24A Cuff Road and also with Tey at 22 Veerasamy. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Karunanithi Santhi’s AEIC, at paras 6–7.

In her oral testimony, she explained that she was at the Property only in the
daytime as TG did not allow her to stay at night. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 7:29–30.

PW4 testified that TG stayed at the second floor of the Property and that TG
had brought him there on a few occasions. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Chinna Samy Subramaniam’s AEIC, at paras 9–10.

PW4 was able to describe the Property including the fact that there was a
restaurant on the ground floor and that they had to walk up the stairs to the
second floor. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Chinna Samy Subramaniam’s AEIC, at para 11; NE, 17 November 2022, at 28:8–9.

PW5 also testified that TG stayed at the second floor of the Property, and
that he had gone there on a few occasions to borrow money from TG. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Mary Karnanithy’s AEIC, at paras 5–6.

87 I agreed with the plaintiffs that there would have been no reason for TG to
bring PW4 and PW5 to the Property if he did not stay there at all. PW5 was in
Singapore from 1987 to 1990 whilst PW4 came to Singapore in 1993. Even if TG
was staying at 22 Veerasamy by then, that did not mean he had abandoned his
residence at the Property or that he did not bring PW4 to the Property. There
was no reason why he could not have continued to go to the second floor of
Property as and when he wanted to. Even if it was more convenient for TG to
stay at 22 Veerasamy after his knee surgery, that did not mean that he could
not on occasion climb the stairs to go to the second floor of the Property.

88 It was not disputed that TG used 24A Cuff Road as his official registered
address. There was no reason for him to have done so if he never stayed there
at all.

89 In my view, the defendants failed to prove that TG did not stay at the
Property at any time. I found that on balance, it was more likely than not
that TG stayed at the Property and in his later years, at 22 Veerasamy.

90 In any event, even if TG did not stay at the Property, that did not prove
that he therefore held his half-share on trust for Tey. After all, he was a
close family friend and he had informally adopted Tey and her family after
Tey’s husband died in 1969. That would have been reason enough for him to have
stayed at 22 Veerasamy.

TG was surety for Tey’s bank loans

91 Tey took loans from Maybank, secured by mortgages over the Property and TG
stood as surety (see [15], [18] and [22] above). In my view, the fact that TG
stood as surety for Tey’s loans was a neutral factor. It did not show that TG
therefore held his half-share on trust for Tey. Given the close relationship
between TG and Tey and her family, the fact that he was prepared to stand as
surety for her did not mean that he therefore held his half-share on trust for
Tey.

Whether Tey leased out the Property and collected rent, and paid for
maintenance and paid the property tax

92 There was a period when Tey leased out the ground floor at the Property to
a restaurant known as The Banana Leaf Apolo. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 99.

However, this was not inconsistent with TG’s ownership of his half-share in
the Property. This was no different from Tey’s use of the ground floor for her
own restaurant.

93 The defendants also contended that Tey rented out the second floor to
workers at the restaurant, but there was no objective evidence. The defendants
produced a lease agreement that Tey had entered into in 1990. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DB 15–26.

However, that agreement appeared to be in respect of the ground floor and cl
2(b) expressly provided that the premises were to be used solely for
“restaurant purposes”. The agreement did not mention the second floor and
there was no evidence that it covered the second floor.

94 The defendants sought to rely on an AEIC filed by the 1st defendant’s
second brother, Kalaichelvan s/o Salaya (“Kalaichelvan”), in MC/MC 10881/2016.
In that action, Kalaichelvan had sued the 1st defendant for rentals collected
in respect of 22 Veerasamy. As stated at [21] above, 22 Veerasamy was
registered Kalaichelvan’s name. Paragraph 6 of Kalaichelvan’s AEIC stated as
follows: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DB 542.

The upper floor of No 22 was rented out. So were No 10 Veerasamy Road, No 4
Norris Road and No 24 Cuff Road. The rentals collected from these properties
were used to provide for the expenses of [Tey] as well as my elder brother S
Kalaimani and myself and our respective families. …

95 I placed little weight on the above statement in the AEIC. The AEIC was
affirmed in 2016. It was not clear which period of time the above statement
referred to or whether it included 24A Cuff Road. The focus in MC/MC
10881/2016 was on rentals collected in respect of 22 Veerasamy.

96 DW2 testified that during the period from 1975 to 1987, Kalaichelvan and he
helped Tey to collect rentals from the properties that she owned, including
the Property, and that they collected rentals from the second floor of the
Property. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

V Rajandhran’s AEIC, at para 18; NE, 22 November 2022, at 22:19–24:3.

DW2 had known Kalaichelvan from school days. In 1993, he married Tey’s niece
(the 1st defendant’s cousin).

97 The plaintiffs contended that TG lived on the second floor and rented out
part of the second floor. PW3 testified that she had witnessed tenants paying
rent to TG. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Karunanithi Santhi’s AEIC, at para 10; NE, 17 November 2022, at 10:4 and
17–19.

PW4 and PW5 testified that TG had tenants at the second floor of the Property
and that the tenants paid rent to TG. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Chinna Samy Subramaniam’s AEIC, at para 12; Mary Karnanithy’s AEIC, at para 7.

I saw no reason to disbelieve them. Their evidence was unshaken under cross-
examination. I preferred their evidence over that of DW2, in view of DW2’s
relationship to the 1st defendant.

98 In my judgment, the defendants failed to prove that Tey rented out the
second floor and collected rental for herself during the period before TG
died.

99 There was no evidence that TG contributed towards maintenance of the
Property or property tax. However, there was also no evidence that Tey paid
for the maintenance of the Property or property tax during the period before
TG died.

Tey retained possession of the original title deeds

100 The defendants alleged that Tey retained possession of the original title
deeds to the Property. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

D&CC, at para 8.10.

There was no evidence as to who kept the original title deeds from the time
the Property was purchased in 1970 until the 1975 Mortgage in 1975.
Thereafter, the title deeds were with the banks.

101 In her AEIC, the 1st defendant claimed that in 2001/2002, Tey informed her
that in 2000 she “replaced the pledge for the Maybank loans” with the title
deeds to 4 Norris and “in return, retrieved the title deeds for the Property”.
94

##### Foot Note 94

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 81.

There was no objective evidence to support this assertion. In my view, the
assertion seemed questionable. 4 Norris was mortgaged to Maybank on 27
November 2000. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

AB 139–151.

However, the three mortgages over the Property were discharged only on 21
October 2015, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AB 69–70.

ie, after Tey’s death. It seemed unlikely that Tey could have had the title
deeds to the Property in her possession since 2000.

102 Nevertheless, even assuming that Tey did retain possession of the title
deeds from 2000, that fact was a neutral factor. The Property was held in both
Tey’s and TG’s names. The fact that Tey kept the title deeds was not as
significant compared to if the Property had been registered in TG’s sole name.
More importantly, TG died in 1993 and thus could not have asked for possession
of the title deeds in 2000 or later.

The defendants’ further allegations

103 In her AEIC, the 1st defendant alleged that about four to five months
before his death, TG had insisted “on numerous occasions, both in [her]
presence and in the presence of others” that Tey took back the half-share
registered in his name and transferred it to herself because he did not trust
his sons to act honestly and do the right thing after his death. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 58.

104 I rejected the 1st defendant’s allegation. First, the allegation was being
relied on to support an inference of a trust but it was not part of the
defendants’ pleaded case. Second, it was a self-serving bare allegation. The
1st defendant did not call any of the “others” who had allegedly been present.
The 1st defendant did not even identify who these “others” were. Third, Tey
was not a naïve woman. If TG had told her that he did not trust his sons to
act honestly and do the right thing after his death, Tey would no doubt have
taken immediate steps to transfer TG’s half-share to herself, but she did no
such thing. There is no evidence that she had even tried to do so. Fourth, the
1st defendant’s allegation was contradicted by the 1993 and 1995 POAs and
Will, which have been dealt with earlier (see [65]–[70] above).

105 In her AEIC, the 1st defendant also alleged that in 2018, she made a trip
to India during which she visited the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs. According to the
1st defendant, they discussed the transfer of TG’s half-share to Tey’s estate,
and the 1st and 2nd defendants agreed to do all things necessary to effect
such transfer. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 132.

106 I rejected the 1st defendant’s allegation for the following reasons:

(a) One would have expected that, having allegedly obtained the 1st and 2nd
plaintiffs’ agreement to do the necessary, the 1st defendant would take steps
to instruct her lawyers to prepare the necessary documentation. However, the
1st defendant admitted she did not do so. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 134.

The 1st defendant explained that she did not do so because she had no cause to
doubt the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs and she therefore decided to keep the
documentation in abeyance until after her dispute with her brothers had been
concluded. I rejected the 1st defendant’s explanations. Her claim that she had
no reason to doubt the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs was utterly unbelievable. After
all, according to the 1st defendant, TG had said in her presence that he did
not trust his sons to “do the right thing after his death”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 58.

Further, TG’s half-share had not been transferred despite the 1st and 2nd
plaintiffs’ alleged acknowledgment in 1993. I also noted that the 1st
defendant’s dispute with her brothers was concluded in September 2020; yet she
took no steps to instruct her lawyers to prepare the necessary documentation.

(b) The 1st defendant had taken no steps to obtain a power of attorney from
the beneficiaries of TG’s estate to enable her to apply for letters of
administration. She could not explain how she expected to transfer TG’s share
to herself without first obtaining the letters of administration, which she
clearly knew would be needed. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 122:12–123:12.

In my view, the 1st defendant’s allegation, that the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs
agreed in 2018 to transfer TG’s half-share to Tey’s estate, was a fabrication.

The objective evidence showed that there was no trust

107 In my view, the objective evidence clearly showed that there was no common
intention that TG was to hold his half-share on trust for Tey.

The 1993 and 1995 POAs and the Will

108 The two POAs and the Will have been dealt with earlier (see [65]–[70]
above).

109 The 1993 and 1995 POAs also contradicted the 1st defendant’s claim that
during TG’s funeral in October 1993, the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs acknowledged
that TG’s half-share belonged to Tey. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 76.

If such an acknowledgment had been made, there would have been no reason for
the two POAs to have been drafted in the way that they were. In fact, one
would have expected the alleged acknowledgment to have been included in the
recitals, but they were not.

Dispute between 1st defendant and her brothers

110 As stated in [33] above, the 1st defendant’s brothers had claimed that Tey
had executed a later will. In that dispute, the 1st defendant’s brothers’
position was that Tey only had a half-share in the Property. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AB 349–354.

The defendants did not call the 1st defendant’s brother as a witness

111 Of her three brothers, the 1st defendant’s third brother was the sole
living brother by the time of the trial. The defendants had initially
indicated that he would be called as a witness and he was interviewed by the
defendants’ lawyers. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE, 17 November 2022, at 117:26–118:4.

Ultimately, he was not called to give evidence for the defendants. He was
clearly a relevant witness who could have testified to various matters,
including whether TG lived on the second floor of the Property and why he took
the position that Tey was only entitled to a half-share in the Property during
his (and his brothers’) dispute with the 1st defendant. I agreed with the
plaintiffs that an adverse inference should be drawn against the defendants.

Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee

112 The defendants referred me to Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee (alias Tan Kow
Kwee) [2007] 2 SLR(R) 417 (“Tan Kow Quee”). In that case, the dispute was over
a property that had belonged to the deceased. The plaintiffs were two of the
beneficiaries of the estate. The defendants were co-administrators of the
estate. The 1st defendant (whose husband was another beneficiary of the
estate) and her family had occupied the property without challenge for some 46
years. The plaintiffs sought a declaration that the property formed a part of
the deceased’s estate and an order that the property be sold, and the proceeds
distributed. The issue was whether the property still formed part of the
estate. The High Court dismissed the claim.

113 The defendants submitted that it was readily apparent that Tan Kow Quee
applied to the present case. The defendants relied on a statement by the High
Court (at [10]) that the “utter lack of any steps having been taken by any of
the beneficiaries to assert their claims for such a long period of time
renders it highly improbable that these rights had not been settled”.

114 In my view, the defendants’ reliance on Tan Kow Quee was misplaced. The
defendants did not quote the Court in context. The Court first referred to
certain facts (at [9]) which included the fact that some distributions had
taken place, but no steps appeared to have been asserted in respect of the
property. The Court then said the following (at [10]):

10 In my judgment, the proper inference that is to be drawn from these facts
is that the property had been taken into account in a consensual arrangement
between all the children of the deceased. The utter lack of any steps having
been taken by any of the beneficiaries to assert their claims for such a long
period of time renders it highly improbable that these rights had not been
settled. …

115 Having inferred that the property had been taken into account in a
consensual arrangement between the beneficiaries, the Court then found that
the lack of any steps having been taken rendered it highly improbable that the
rights over the property had not been settled in that arrangement.

116 The factual matrix in the present case was very different. There was no
reason or basis to infer that there was any sort of consensual arrangement
between the TG’s estate and Tey (who died in 2015) or Tey’s estate regarding
TG’s half-share in the Property. On the contrary, the evidence did not support
any such inference. The 1993 and 1995 POAs, the revocation of the 1993 POA in
1996 and the Will showed that there could not have been any such consensual
arrangement which might have resolved the question of the beneficial ownership
of TG’s half-share. Indeed, there was no objective evidence of any claim of a
trust over TG’s half-share that might have led to some sort of a consensual
arrangement regarding the same, before 27 July 2021. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

AB 166–167.

Conclusion on common intention constructive trust

117 In my judgment, the defendants failed to prove that TG and Tey shared a
common intention that TG was to hold his half-share in the Property on trust
for Tey.

Whether the defendants’ counterclaim was barred by laches and/or acquiescence

118 As I had found that the defendants failed to prove that TG held his half-
share in the Property on a resulting trust or a common intention constructive
trust for Tey, it was unnecessary for me to consider whether the defendants’
counterclaim was barred by laches and/or acquiescence.

Whether the plaintiffs’ claim was barred by acquiescence

119 Acquiescence is premised not on delay, but on the fact that the plaintiff
has, by standing by and doing nothing, made certain representations to the
defendant in circumstances to found an estoppel, waiver, or abandonment of
rights: Tan Yong San v Neo Kok Eng and others [2011] SGHC 30 at [114].

120 Acquiescence can be established where (a) a person abstains from
interfering while a violation of his legal rights is in progress, or (b) he
refrains from seeking redress when a violation of his rights, which he did not
know about at the time, is brought to his notice: Kok Wee Meng v Trans
Eurokars Pte Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 663 at [120].

121 The defendants’ pleaded case on acquiescence was based on (a) the
plaintiffs’ delay in bringing the present action, (b) the allegation that the
plaintiffs caused or permitted the defendants to believe that the plaintiffs
did not intend to make any claim in these proceedings, and (c) the alleged
acknowledgment by the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs and Manickam during TG’s funeral
that TG’s half-share was beneficially owned by Tey. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

D&CC, at para 31.

122 Although the defendants’ pleaded case referred to the 1st and 2nd
plaintiffs and Manickam having acknowledged the trust over TG’s half-share,
the 1st defendant’s evidence alleged that only the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs made
the acknowledgment. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

1st defendant’s AEIC, at para 76.

In any event, the 1st defendant’s claim that the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs
acknowledged the trust over TG’s half-share during TG’s funeral was clearly
contradicted by the 1993 and 1995 POAs (see [109] above).

123 I rejected the defence of acquiescence. It was not at all clear what the
defendants’ case on acquiescence was, what were the legal rights that had been
violated that the alleged acquiescence related to, or how the alleged
acquiescence displaced the presumption of indefeasibility of title.

124 I also noted that the defendants were throwing stones in a glass house.
They too had delayed taking action on their claim until after the plaintiffs
had filed their claim. Given that the half-share in the Property was
registered in TG’s name and it was the defendants who were trying to defeat
that registered title, the defendants’ delay was more significant and
blameworthy.

Whether the plaintiffs’ claim for an account was barred by laches

125 The plaintiffs sought an account by the defendants of all rentals received
by reason of the defendants’ lease(s) of the Property after TG’s death in
1993. The defendants relied on the defence of laches.

126 The two factors to consider with respect to laches are: (a) delay, and (b)
the existence of circumstances that make it inequitable to enforce the claim;
the basis for the defence is ultimately found in unconscionability: Tan Kow
Quee at [33].

127 In my view, the plaintiffs were barred by laches from pursuing their claim
for an account of the rentals received by the defendants. The plaintiffs
refused to sign the 1995 POA and the 1993 POA was revoked in 1996. It would
have been clear by then that Tey could not proceed to obtain the letters of
administration in respect of TG’s estate and that consequently the Property
would not be sold. Yet, the plaintiffs did nothing with regards to the rental
of 24A Cuff Road, until after 2018. It was inequitable to require the
defendants to now account for rentals received since 1993.

Relief

128 As the defendants failed to prove the alleged trusts, I dismissed the
defendants’ counterclaim. Consequently, TG’s half-share in the Property
remained a part of his estate.

129 The plaintiffs sought an order to sell the Property. The defendants asked
for partition instead of sale. The defendants submitted that the Property
could be partitioned horizontally between the two floors. It was not disputed
that the burden was on the defendants to show that partition was feasible and
more appropriate.

130 I agreed with the plaintiffs that partition without subdivision was not
feasible. The relationship between the plaintiffs and the defendants had
deteriorated. It would be difficult for the parties to work together on
matters relating to the Property. More importantly, the plaintiffs live in
India and preferred to realise the value of TG’s half-share whereas the
defendants made it clear that they wanted to keep the Property. It would be
difficult for the plaintiffs to sell TG’s half-share without subdivision.

131 The plaintiffs submitted that the subdivision would be difficult and
perhaps even unlikely. Under the URA Conservation Guidelines issued under s 11
of the Planning Act 1998 (2020 Rev Ed), URA would not permit strata
subdivision of shophouses in the Historic Districts of Singapore. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

AB 389.

URA Circular No URA/PB/2004/37-CUDD dated 6 December 2004 states that strata
subdivision is currently not allowed for traditional conservation shophouses
within Little India. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Plaintiffs’ 2nd Bundle of Authorities, at p 101.

The Property is a shophouse in the Little India Historic District. The
defendants failed to show that subdivision was possible.

132 I therefore ordered that the Property be sold in the open market and the
net proceeds be distributed equally between TG’s estate and Tey’s estate. For
the purposes of the sale:

(a) The plaintiffs were to obtain a valuation of the Property by a licensed
valuer within 8 weeks. The cost of the valuation report was to be borne
equally between the plaintiffs and the defendants.

(b) The plaintiffs were to send a copy of the valuation report to the
defendants’ solicitors within 3 days after receipt of the same.

(c) The defendants would have first option (“Option”) to purchase TG’s half-
share in the Property based on the value of the Property in the valuation
report. This Option was to expire 14 days after a copy of the valuation report
was received by the defendants’ solicitors.

(d) If the Option expired, the Property was to be sold in the open market at a
price no lower than the valuation, by a licensed agent appointed by the
plaintiffs. The sale was to take place within 6 months from the expiry of the
Option. The plaintiffs would have control of the sale process.

(e) The parties were to cooperate and do all things reasonably necessary to
facilitate the sale of the Property. If any party failed or refused to sign
the necessary documents to effect the sale within 14 days after receipt of the
same, the Registrar of the Supreme Court was empowered to sign on behalf of
such party.

(f) The above timelines could be extended by the parties’ mutual consent or by
the court.

(g) The parties had liberty to apply.

133 I dismissed the plaintiffs’ claim for an account and inquiry of rental
proceeds received by the defendants after TG’s death.

Costs

134 On 6 June 2022, the plaintiffs made a settlement offer to the defendants.
The offer was not an offer to settle (“OTS”) under O 22A of the Rules of Court
(2014 Rev Ed). The plaintiffs’ offer was on terms that (a) the Property be
sold and the plaintiffs would receive 50% of the proceeds less $50,000, (b)
the costs of valuation would be borne by the parties equally, (c) the
plaintiffs would forgo their claim for an account of rentals. The defendants
did not respond to the offer. Although this offer was not an OTS, it was
nevertheless still a relevant factor on the question of costs.

135 On 28 October 2022, the plaintiffs made an offer to settle pursuant to O
22A in similar terms to the previous offer but with a $100,000 haircut instead
of $50,000. The defendants did not accept the OTS.

136 Both the 6 June 2022 offer and the 28 October 2022 OTS offered terms that
were more advantageous to the defendants than my decision in this case.
Accordingly, I ordered the defendants to pay costs on standard basis up to 6
June 2022 and on indemnity basis thereafter. I fixed the total costs at
$130,000 plus disbursements to be fixed by me if not agreed.

Conclusion

137 For the above reasons, I dismissed the defendants’ counterclaim and
ordered the Property to be sold and the net proceeds distributed equally
between TG’s estate and Tey’s estate. I gave directions for the conduct of the
sale, including an option to the defendants to purchase TG’s half-share in the
Property.

138 I dismissed the plaintiffs’ claim for an account of rentals received by
the defendants since TG’s death.

139 As for costs, I ordered the defendants to pay costs to the plaintiffs
fixed at $130,000 plus disbursements to be fixed by me if not agreed.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Joshua Chow Shao Wei and Mohamed Baiross (I.R.B. Law LLP) for the plaintiffs
and defendants in counterclaim;

Subramaniam Pillai, Joel Wee Tze Sing, Tan Guo Chin, Darren and Tan Jin Yi
(CNPLaw LLP) for the defendants and plaintiffs in counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 06 Apr 2023 (11:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

