Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 114

Suit No 74 of 2020

Between

(1)| Full House Building Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Tan Hong Joo  
---|---  
(2)| Goh Siew Ling  
(3)| Ooi Chooi Teik  
  
… Defendants

And

(1)| Tan Hong Joo  
---|---  
(2)| Goh Siew Ling  
(3)| Ooi Chooi Teik  
  
… Plaintiffs in Counterclaim

And

(1)| Full House Building Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Tan Hong Chian  
  
… Defendants in Counterclaim

judgment

[Contract — Contractual terms — Warranties]

[Contract — Contractual terms — Rules of construction]

[Companies — Constitution — Directors — Powers]

[Confidence — Remedies — Injunctions]

[Injunctions — Purposes for grant — Protection of contractual rights]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Full House Building Construction Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Tan Hong Joo and others

[2023] SGHC 114

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 74 of 2020  
Andrew Ang SJ  
12–14, 18–19 July 2022, 2 September 2022

28 April 2023 Judgment reserved

Andrew Ang SJ:

1 The claims and counterclaims in this case arose out of a settlement
agreement dated 20 April 2018 (“the Settlement Agreement”), which was intended
to resolve with finality the matters in dispute in HC/S 895/2017, HC/OS
67/2016, and HC/CWU 11/2018. Unfortunately, the Settlement Agreement did not
see an end to the disputes between the parties. Instead, it gave rise to other
issues, which have fallen to this court to decide.

Parties

2 Full House Construction Pte Ltd (“Full House”) is the plaintiff and first
defendant in counterclaim. It is a private limited company engaged in the
construction business, and was incorporated in 1994.

3 Mr Tan Hong Chian (“THC”) is the second defendant in counterclaim. At the
time of Full House’s incorporation in 1994, he was one of its two directors
and equal shareholders.

4 Mr Tan Hong Joo (“THJ”) is the first defendant and first plaintiff in
counterclaim. He is the brother of THC, and was the other of Full House’s two
original directors and equal shareholders at the time of its incorporation. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Joint Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No.1) dated 11 November 2019
(“Defence and Counterclaim”) at para 2(a).

5 Ms Margaret Goh Siew Ling (“Mdm Goh”) is the second defendant and second
plaintiff in counterclaim. She is the wife of THJ, and became a director of
Full House in 2013.

6 Mr Eric Ooi Chooi Teik (“Mr Ooi”) is the third defendant and third plaintiff
in counterclaim. He was also appointed to the directorship of Full House in
2013.

Background facts

7 Full House was incorporated with THC and THJ as equal shareholders. They
were also its only directors until 2013, when Mdm Goh and Mr Ooi were
appointed as additional directors. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defence and Counterclaim at para 2(a) and (c).

By the end of 2016, Mdm Goh had also gained a small minority shareholding in
Full House. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defence and Counterclaim at para 2(e); AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February
2022) at p 22.

8 Subsequently, relations soured between the parties, leading THC to file an
application against Full House to inspect its documents in HC/OS 67/2016, and
also to commence HC/S 895/2017, which comprised a claim against Full House and
the three defendants for minority oppression and an application for leave to
commence a derivative action. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defence and Counterclaim at para 3.

THJ also commenced HC/CWU 11/2018, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at p 90.

a winding up application concerning Prime Maintenance Pte Ltd (“Prime
Maintenance”), another company in which both THC and THJ were equal
shareholders and the only two directors, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence and Counterclaim at para 3(d).

and in respect of which THC raised various issues and allegations. In the
course of those ongoing disputes, THC was removed as a director of Full House
by 10 March 2017. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defence and Counterclaim at para 4.

While he remained a 50% shareholder of Full House, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defence and Counterclaim at para 4.

this left the directorship of Full House in the hands of the three defendants.

9 In an attempt to resolve their disputes, parties entered into mediation,
which on 20 April 2018 resulted in the Settlement Agreement dealing with the
matters arising out of HC/S 895/2017, HC/OS 67/2016, and HC/CWU 11/2018. Under
the terms of the Settlement Agreement, THC was to purchase the shares of THJ
and Mdm Goh in Full House, and the defendants were to step down from
directorship of Full House by 15 June 2018. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at pp 24–25.

10 However, after the shares were transferred and paid for, THC subsequently
took issue with various warranties the defendants had made regarding Full
House’s receivables, as well as their use of Full House’s funds to pay their
own legal fees in HC/S 895/2017. In turn, the defendants claimed that Full
House owed them various forms of remuneration and sought payment thereof. The
defendants also made further claims against THC in respect of his post-
settlement conduct.

Parties’ arguments and issues

11 Full House and THC (collectively “the plaintiffs”) make two claims against
THJ, Mdm Goh, and Mr Ooi (collectively “the defendants”). First, they allege
that while the defendants were still in control of Full House, they had
wrongfully caused Full House to reimburse them for legal fees which they had
personally incurred in defending HC/S 895/2017 (“the Reimbursement Claim”).
This reimbursement was said to be wrongful because Clause 24 of the Settlement
Agreement (“Clause 24”) obliged all parties to bear their own costs in HC/S
895/2017 and HC/OS 67/2016, and in any event, the preconditions to
indemnifying the directors for legal costs under Article 114 of Full House’s
Articles of Association (“Article 114”) had not been fulfilled.

12 Second, the plaintiffs also allege that the defendants had wrongly
warranted in Clause 18 of the Settlement Agreement (“the Warranty”) that Full
House’s trade receivables were not less than $3,300,000.00 as of 28 February
2018 (“the Warranty Claim”).

13 The defendants’ case in respect of the Reimbursement Claim is that a proper
interpretation of Clause 24 does not preclude Full House from reimbursing the
defendants for their legal expenses in HC/S 895/2017. They also argue that the
preconditions in Article 114 should be interpreted as including situations
where legal proceedings are resolved by way of settlement. As for the Warranty
Claim, the defendants argue that there was still a possibility of recovering
certain outstanding debts, and that their inclusion as part of Full House’s
receivables as warranted to the plaintiffs was objectively defensible.
Additionally, the defendants generally seek to rely on Clause 10 of the
Settlement Agreement, which they argue precludes any challenge to management
decisions they had made while still in control of Full House.

14 Additionally, the defendants make several claims of their own. Mdm Goh and
Mr Ooi claim entitlement to directors’ fees, which they contend are provided
for under Clause 12 of the Settlement Agreement and their respective service
agreements (“the Directors’ Fees Claim”). The plaintiffs maintain that Clause
12 did not actually provide for payment of directors’ fees, and that in any
event, nett profits for the financial year 2018, to which the defendants’
directors’ fees were pegged, were zero. Mr Ooi separately claims remuneration
for services provided to Full House in the period between relinquishing his
directorship and ceasing employment with Full House in mid-July 2018 (“the
Services Remuneration Claim”). The plaintiffs resist his claim on the basis
that he was merely serving out his notice period. Finally, the defendants
allege that THC committed a breach of confidence by viewing and forwarding
their privileged communications with their solicitors, and also breached the
Settlement Agreement by making demands of the liquidators of Prime
Maintenance. The defendants seek relief by way of an injunction and an order
for specific performance (“the Miscellaneous Breaches Claim”).

15 Accordingly, the issues which arise for my determination are as follows:

(a) Whether the defendants were entitled to reimburse themselves for their
legal costs out of Full House’s assets;

(b) Whether the defendants breached the Warranty;

(c) Whether Mdm Goh and Mr Ooi were entitled to any directors’ fees;

(d) Whether Mr Ooi was entitled to remuneration for services provided after
relinquishing directorship at Full House; and,

(e) Whether THC’s actions justify the grant of an injunction and/or specific
performance.

Issue 1: Whether the defendants are entitled to reimbursement for their legal
costs

16 On 20 October 2017, while the defendants were still directors of Full
House, they passed a resolution pursuant to Article 114 to have Full House
reimburse the legal costs and expenses which they incurred in connection with
HC/S 895/2017. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiffs’ Core Bundle for Closing Submissions dated 2 September 2022 (“PCB”)
at p 20.

In accordance with this resolution, Full House paid $190,913.78 out of its own
funds towards the defendants’ legal fees between 8 November 2017 to 17 April
2018, and a further $60,250.00 on 24 April 2018, for a total of $251,163.78.
The plaintiffs seek recovery of this sum. As noted at [11] and [13], this
issue essentially turns on the proper interpretation of Clause 24 and Article
114. I consider each in turn.

Clause 24 of the Settlement Agreement does not preclude Full House from
reimbursing the defendants’ legal fees

17 The plaintiffs’ first argument is that the reimbursement was inconsistent
with the defendants’ obligations under the Settlement Agreement. Clause 24
provides that “Each Party shall bear his/her own costs for HC/S 895/2017 and
HC/OS 67/2016”, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at p 27.

and the preamble of the Settlement Agreement identifies each of THC, THJ, Mdm
Goh, Mr Ooi, and Full House as being a party to it. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at p 21.

Each defendant was therefore under a “free-standing obligation” to
individually bear their legal fees in HC/S 895/2017, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 26.

and was precluded from seeking reimbursement of the same from any other party.

18 As against this, the defendants contend that the effect of Clause 24 simply
mirrors that of a court making no order as to costs. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 25(b).

It does not impose any positive obligation on any of the parties to personally
bear the costs of their own legal defence in HC/S 895/2017, or any negative
obligation to refrain from seeking or accepting reimbursement of such costs
from another party.

19 I agree with the defendant that the proper interpretation of Clause 24 is
simply that no party to HC/S 895/2017 and HC/OS 67/2016 may be legally
compelled to reimburse the legal costs of another. Such a provision is
consistent with the complete settlement of all differences and disputes
without any admission of liability, as is provided for in Clause 1 of the
Settlement Agreement and also a common feature of settlement agreements (see
for example Lim Sze Eng v Lin Choo Mee [2019] 1 SLR 414; Allplus Holdings Pte
Ltd and others v Phoon Wui Nyen (Pan Weiyuan) [2016] SGHC 144; Sita Jaswant
Kaur v Surindar Singh s/o Jaswant Singh [2013] 4 SLR 838). It does not mean
that the parties to the Settlement Agreement are prohibited from receiving
voluntary reimbursement of their legal fees.

20 The evidence also suggests that this was consistent with the way in which
both THC and the defendants understood Clause 24 at the time they entered into
the Settlement Agreement. Mr Ooi testified that in the period between April
and July 2018, shortly after the agreement had been concluded, THC had
complained to him about how “fortunate” THJ and Mdm Goh were to have their
legal fees covered by Full House. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Hearing Transcript Day 5 (19 July 2022) at p 98 lines 19–22; AEIC of Ooi Chooi
Teik (25 February 2022) at para 72.

It would of course have been preferable if this account had been put to THC
during cross-examination. However, Mr Ooi’s uncontested testimony nonetheless
suggests THC was fully aware that Full House had covered the defendants’ legal
fees, and despite being unhappy about the perceived unfairness of this
situation, did not appear to see this as inconsistent with his understanding
of Clause 24. Such post-contractual conduct goes towards establishing parties’
understanding of their agreement at the time it was concluded (Centre for
Laser and Aesthetic Medicine Pte Ltd v GPK Clinic (Orchard) Pte Ltd [2018] 1
SLR 180 at [51]), and the proper interpretation thereof. As for the
defendants, it should be noted that they had as of 20 April 2018 already
caused Full House to reimburse $190,913.78 of their legal fees. It is
difficult to imagine that they would have agreed to Clause 24 if their
understanding thereof was that it obliged them to return this sum.

21 Accordingly, I find that the proper interpretation of Clause 24, as
understood by all parties as of 20 April 2018, was that it simply had the same
effect as no order being made as to costs. It did not oblige each party to
personally bear their costs as the plaintiff now claims, and cannot serve as
the basis for the Reimbursement Claim.

The preconditions to reimbursement under Article 114 of Full House’s Articles
of Association were not fulfilled

22 I next proceed to consider the plaintiffs’ argument in respect of Article
114, which provides as follows: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Affidavit of Tan Shi Hao (14 June 2019) at p 88.

Every director, managing director, agent, auditor, secretary and other officer
for the time being of the company shall be indemnified out of the assets of
the company against any liability incurred by him in defending any
proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his
favour or in which he is acquitted or in connexion with any application under
the Act in which relief is granted to him by the Court in respect of any
negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust. [emphasis added]

23 The plaintiffs’ case is that Article 114 only permits the indemnification
of directors against costs incurred in defending proceedings which are
resolved by way of judgment in favour of the director, acquittal, or relief
granted under the Companies’ Act. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 30.

As HC/S 895/2017 had been resolved by the Settlement Agreement, this
precondition had not been fulfilled. The defendants therefore were not
entitled to invoke Article 114 to justify indemnifying themselves for their
legal expenses out of Full House’s assets, and their doing so gave rise to a
claim in unjust enrichment for the sums which had been improperly reimbursed.

24 The defendants do not make any attempt to dispute the plaintiffs’ argument
in respect of unjust enrichment. Their case is that the applicability of
Article 114 should not be restricted only to the situations expressly
enumerated, but rather as permitting indemnification of the company’s
directors in all situations except where there is a positive finding that they
are “guilty of wrongdoing.” 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 37; AEIC of Ooi Chooi Teik
(25 February 2022) at para 47.

They contend that the plaintiffs’ interpretation would lead to the “absurd
result” of “penalising the Defendants for agreeing to settle” and thus
“mandating protracted litigation”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at paras 36 and 42.

As the Settlement Agreement expressly provided that it was executed without
any admission of liability by any party, the defendants were perfectly
entitled to rely on Article 114 to indemnify themselves out of Full House’s
assets. In any event, as their decision to indemnify themselves was a
management decision, the plaintiffs were precluded from challenging it by
Clause 10 of the Settlement Agreement (“Clause 10”), 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 19.

the relevant part of which reads as follows: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at p 24.

No issue or objection shall be taken with the running and management of Full
House and Prime Maintenance Pte Ltd (now in liquidation) (UEN No. 201324630C)
(“Prime Maintenance”) or its affairs prior to the date of signing of the
Agreement …

25 I disagree with the defendants’ interpretation of Article 114. While a
construction which leads to unreasonable results is to be avoided unless it is
required by clear words and there is no other tenable construction (Zurich
Insurance (Singapore Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd
[2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [131]), the plaintiffs’ interpretation is the only one
that is tenable on the plain words of Article 114.

26 Moreover, it is not nearly as unreasonable as the defendants make it out to
be. Allowing for the indemnification of directors where proceedings have been
settled or discontinued may lend itself to abuse by directors who have in fact
committed serious wrongdoing, but have somehow caused the company to settle. A
company may quite sensibly wish to guard against such potential abuses by
making indemnification conditional on a prior positive finding of innocence by
an independent and objective adjudicator, rather than simply the absence of a
finding of guilt. And while I accept that courts should not be overly pedantic
when interpreting a company’s constitution or articles of association, it is
one thing to split hairs over the difference in meaning between “will” and
“shall”, as the court rightly declined to do in the case of Rayfield v Hands
and others [1958] 2 WLR 851 at 853 which the defendants have sought to rely
on, but it is entirely another, and quite beyond the permissible bounds of
contractual interpretation, to read such an indemnity as applicable beyond
what is expressly provided for.

27 Additionally, while THC’s comments to Mr Ooi regarding Full House’s
reimbursement of the defendants’ legal fees were relevant to the
interpretation of Clause 24 as discussed at [20], they have little bearing on
that of Article 114. Where Clause 24 was concerned, the Settlement Agreement
had been concluded only a few months before those comments were made. The
agreement and preceding discussions during mediation must have been relatively
fresh in THC’s mind, such that he could have been expected to object to
anything which was inconsistent with his understanding thereof. However, Full
House was incorporated, and its Articles of Association passed, in 1994, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 37.

and the defendants’ own case is that THC was a “sleeping director” and “knew
nothing about Full House’s finances and accounts”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at paras 2(a) and 94.

It is very likely that THC simply had no idea what was provided for in Article
114 at the time of the exchange, or that it even existed until informed of it
by his counsel. His failure to object, while indicative of his understanding
of the Settlement Agreement, cannot be relied on to determine his subjective
understanding of Full House’s Articles of Association, or their proper
objective interpretation.

28 Finally, I do not accept that Clause 10 prevents the plaintiffs from
bringing the Reimbursement Claim. I recognise the sense in agreeing that THC
would not be allowed to challenge the soundness of commercial, operational, or
financial decisions the defendants might have made, such as whether to accept
a given project, or compromise certain loans owed to Full House. Certainly,
even in the absence of a contractual provision akin to Clause 10, courts will
be slow to interfere with bona fide management or commercial decisions taken
by directors, even if they later turn out to have been money-losing ones
(Intraco Ltd v Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd [1994] 3 SLR(R) 1064 at [30]; ECRC
Land Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Ho Wing On Christopher and others [2004] 1
SLR(R) 105 at [49]). However, not every decision or act undertaken by a
director will necessarily be considered a management decision. In Swiss
Butchery Pte Ltd v Huber Ernst and others and another suit [2010] 3 SLR 813,
the court observed as follows (at [12]):

It is thus clear that while the court will not question a management decision
which was exercised in a bona fide manner, anyone who owes a fiduciary duty is
not allowed to enter into transactions in which he has a personal interest
conflicting with the interest of those whom he is bound to protect.

29 By the same token, the passage of a directors’ resolution that is plainly
inconsistent with the constitution of the company, and thus ultra vires the
directors’ powers, cannot be considered a management decision deserving of the
court’s deference, or the protection of Clause 10.

30 Accordingly, I find that the preconditions to Article 114 did not include
settlement, and that the defendants were therefore not entitled to invoke it
for their own benefit in the present case. It follows that they are obliged to
return the sums which they caused Full House to pay towards their legal fees.

Issue 2: Whether the defendants had breached the terms of the Warranty

31 The Warranty Claim arises out of Clause 18 of the Settlement Agreement
(“Clause 18”), which provides as follows: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at p 26.

Each Party represents and warrants that it has full capacity, power and
authority to enter into and perform this Settlement Agreement on its own
behalf and/or on behalf of any party or parties that it represents, and all
corporate acts required to enable each Party to lawfully enter into and
perform this Settlement Agreement have been carried out. In this regard, the
Current Directors warrant that as of 28 February 2018, the trade payables of
Full House is not more than Singapore Dollars Two Million (SGD$2,000,000.00),
the trade receivables are not less than Singapore Dollars Three Million and
Three Hundred Thousand (SGD$3,300,000.00) million [sic], the cash in bank
balances are not less than Singapore Dollars Three Million and Four Hundred
Thousand (SGD$3,400,000.00), and there are no bank borrowings other than hire
purchases and a mortgage. [emphasis added]

32 The plaintiffs’ case is that the total value of Full House’s trade
receivables in fact fell below the warranted sum of not less than
$3,300,000.00. This was because outstanding debts owed to Full House by BL
Construction Pte Ltd (“BL Construction”) and Buildforms Construction (Pte) Ltd
(“Buildforms”), which had been included in the defendants’ computation of Full
House’s receivables using the Sage 300 ERP accounting software (“Sage 300”),
were extremely unlikely to be recoverable. They therefore could not
objectively have been considered “receivables” within the meaning of Clause
18, and with the remainder of Full House’s receivables amounting to less than
$3,300,000.00, the defendants were thus in breach of the Warranty.

33 On the other hand, the defendants argue that there was still a realistic
prospect of recovering the BL Construction and Buildforms debts in full, such
that their inclusion as part of Full House’s receivables cannot be said to
have been wrong. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 57.

Additionally, they again seek to rely on Clause 10, arguing that their
decision to include the outstanding debts as part of Full House’s receivables
was a management decision and thus could not be challenged by THC. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at paras 19 and 58.

34 The question in respect of the Warranty Claim is whether it can be said
that the BL Construction debt and the Buildforms debt were in fact not part of
Full House’s receivables as of 28 February 2018. As the circumstances
surrounding the outstanding debts from BL Construction and Buildforms are
materially different from each other, I shall consider each separately.

The BL Construction debt is not properly considered part of Full House’s
receivables

35 The BL Construction debt was a judgment debt obtained by Full House against
BL Construction in 2017. While interest and costs were also awarded, these
were not entered into Sage 300, and were not included as part of Full House’s
receivables as warranted to THC. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 92.

It is thus only the judgment sum of $614,959.15 that is relevant in the
present case.

36 On 26 April 2017, Full House and BL Construction entered into a settlement
agreement (“the BL settlement agreement”) under which BL Construction would
pay Full House a total of $100,000.00 across 100 equal monthly instalments, in
exchange for full discharge of the judgment debt. The BL settlement agreement
also provided that if BL Construction defaulted on the payment of any
instalment, the entirety of the original judgment sum would become due and
payable. As the defendants had by this point already entered the $614,959.15
judgment sum into Sage 300 as a receivable, a directors’ resolution was passed
on 28 December 2017 to make provision for the difference of $514,959.15 in
Full House’s accounting records over a period of three years from financial
years ending 30 June 2017 to 30 June 2019. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendants’ Core Bundle (2 September 2022) (DCB) at p 94.

Thus, instead of writing off the difference in one year, the directors
amortised the writing off over three years. Accordingly, they wrote off
$170,986.00 in financial year 2017, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PCB at p 175.

approximately one-third of the difference. Given the theoretical possibility
that BL Construction might default on the payment of its monthly instalments,
the question was whether the entire original BL Construction debt of
$615,959.15 was still properly considered part of Full House’s receivables
despite the BL settlement agreement, or whether the difference of $514,959.15
should have been written off.

37 I am of the view that the difference cannot be said to remain part of Full
House’s receivables as of 28 February 2018. In coming to this conclusion, I
rely primarily on the expert evidence given by the plaintiffs’ expert, Mr Sim
Guan Seng (“Mr Sim”). Three points from his evidence are particularly salient.

38 First, while the defendants argue that the question whether the difference
was properly considered a receivable was simply a matter of opinion or
judgment, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 57; Hearing Transcript Day 4
(18 July 2022) p 36 lines 1–4.

it was clear from Mr Sim’s report and testimony that this is not the case.
While some judgment is necessary in determining how likely it is that a debt
will be recovered, that judgment must be informed by prevailing accounting
standards and practice. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Hearing Transcript Day 4 (18 July 2022) at p 34 lines 18–20, p 46 lines 16–24.

Where a warranty or representation is made to a third party in respect of the
extent of a company’s receivables, that third party must be entitled to assume
that the representor’s computation thereof had in fact been conducted in
accordance with those standards and practices.

39 Second, where settlement agreements such as that executed between Full
House and BL Construction are concerned, Mr Sim had the following to say: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Hearing Transcript Day 4 (18 July 2022) at p 34 lines 8–25, p 35 lines 1–4.

Q: So when they say the management should only write off the trade receivable
once it is aware that the balance is not recoverable, you would agree with me
that you will only be aware that the balance is not recoverable when the 100th
instalment is paid, yes?

A: No. I mean the fact that they settled, right, you must have an assumption
that the settlement agreement will hold. I mean, you can’t – I mean, in
accounting practice, you wouldn’t foresee all possible scenario. You’ll take
what you believe to be the scenario that you should accept. In this case, the
management having entered into a settlement agreement, obviously that is the
outcome to be accounted for in the manner according to the settlement
agreement. In fact, in the audited accounts, the company’s own accounting
principles require that write off – no, that provision to be made once that is
evidence of a possibility of the debt being uncollectible. It's in the
accounting policy, the company’s own accounting policy.

[emphasis added]

40 Additionally, as concerns the defendants’ decision to write off the
difference over three years instead of all at once, Mr Sim commented as
follows: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Hearing Transcript Day 4 (18 July 2022) at p 46 line 15–25, p 47 line 1–16.

A: The short answer is amortisation is not acceptable practice, that’s the
short answer. If you look at the company’s accounting policy itself, which is
in line with accounting standard, it says that when you have evidence that a
customer cannot pay, or – of course, in a case of a settlement, it’s obviously
a revised figure, the receivables, then you have to take the full amount into
that year, that financial year profit and loss and provide in full. That is
the accounting practice and, of course, in 2018 audit, PKF actually do a prior
adjustment to set it right; that the provision should be made in the year they
make the settlement agreement. And, your Honour, you are absolutely right when
you say that you provide in full in the year that it happened, the event took
place, and then subsequently, should there be a change in circumstances, like
a default in payment of the $1,000 and the full amount becomes due and
payable, and the client, upon taking the necessary legal action, manages to
recover more than $100,000, then that can then be restated to the receivable
amount and that is only done at the point that there is certain certainty in
recoverability. That’s the accounting practice in fairly layman terms
[emphasis added]

41 It is thus clear from Mr Sim’s evidence that, according to both prevailing
accounting standards and Full House’s own accounting policy, there was only
one acceptable course of action in respect of a settlement agreement which
entailed the forgiveness of part of a debt. This would have been to assume
that the settlement agreement would be observed, and write off the entirety of
the forgiven debt immediately, in the financial reports of the year in which
the settlement agreement was concluded.

42 Crucially, the defendants are unable to produce any expert evidence to
contradict that of Mr Sim. While they attempted to call Mr Simon Er Boon Chiew
of Er & Co as a witness, and in fact subpoenaed him when he declined to
testify voluntarily, he nonetheless became uncommunicative and eventually
declined to appear. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Hearing Transcript Day (14 July 2022) at p 33 lines 21–31.

This poses a particular difficulty for their case, as one of their main
arguments is that their decision to write off the BL Construction debt over
three years instead of one was taken on the advice of Er & Co, who were at the
material time Full House’s independent auditors. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 69; AEIC of Goh Siew Ling (25
February 2022) at para 86; Hearing Transcript Day 5 (19 July 2022) at p 69
lines 7–12; Hearing Transcript Day 4 (18 July 2022) at p 156 line 25 to p 157
line 2.

In this connection, the plaintiffs argue that an adverse inference should be
drawn against the defendants in light of their failure to take all reasonable
measures to secure Mr Er’s attendance, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 105.

especially since assistance had been offered by the court in this regard. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Hearing Transcript Day 2 (14 July 2022) at p 33 lines 1–31.

However, while I see the force in this argument, it is not necessary for me to
decide this point. The fact remains that Mr Sim’s evidence is the only expert
opinion before this court, and while the court is not obliged to
unquestioningly accept expert evidence, it would nonetheless be slow to
substitute its views for those of the expert in the absence of good grounds
(Abhilash s/o Kunchian Krishnan v Yeo Hock Huat and another [2019] 1 SLR 873
at [88]).

43 The defendants’ case thus turns on their own assertions that they still
believed there to be a possibility of the full BL Construction debt becoming
due and payable. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at paras 61 to 62; AEIC of Ooi Chooi
Teik (25 February 2022) at paras 105 and 106.

However, these assertions do not amount to compelling grounds which justify
rejecting Mr Sim’s expert opinion. Inasmuch as the court must consider the
factual or other premises on which an expert bases his opinion and examine the
correctness of those premises and the expert’s reasoning process (Poh Soon
Kiat v Desert Palace Inc (trading as Caesars Palace) [2010] 1 SLR 1129 at
[23]), the same must apply with equal force to the defendants’ attempt to
challenge that expert evidence.

44 Here, the defendants’ premises and reasoning do not stand up to scrutiny.
First, the objective circumstances made it very unlikely that Full House would
ever recover the BL Construction debt. The sum which BL Construction was to
pay under the BL settlement agreement was less than a sixth of the original
judgment debt, and the monthly payments of $1,000.00 would not be difficult
for most businesses to meet. Indeed, as of 20 February 2018, BL Construction
had consistently made the monthly payments between June 2017 and February
2018. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AEIC of Sim Guan Seng (25 February 2022) at para 4.5.

It was therefore extremely improbable that they would choose to renege on the
terms of the BL settlement agreement. On the other hand, if they had no choice
but to default in view of financial difficulties, then it was very unlikely
that Full House would be able to recover the full BL Construction debt, even
if it had become due and payable by virtue of a default. Either way, Full
House had no realistic chance of recovering the difference of $514,959.15.

45 Second, it appears unlikely that the defendants themselves were genuinely
under any subjective belief that they would recover the full BL Construction
debt. Mr Ooi himself admitted that the very reason why the defendants had
caused Full House to enter into the BL settlement agreement, instead of
seeking to recover the full BL Construction debt, was because BL Construction
had neither the money nor assets to meet the full $614,959.15 judgment debt,
and was “not doing well.” 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Hearing Transcript Day 5 (19 July 2022) at p 70 lines 24–30, p 72 line 27.

In this light, it is very unlikely that he believed there to be any realistic
chance of recovering it in its entirety. Additionally, as observed above at
[36], the defendants had already written off $170,986.00, approximately a
third of the difference, in their 2017 financial statement. This too is
difficult to reconcile with any genuine belief that the full BL Construction
debt would be recoverable – if the defendants had genuinely believed so, then
it is more likely that they would not have written off any part of it at all.

46 The credibility of the defendants’ case is further undermined by the
inconsistencies in their accounts of how they understood the BL settlement
agreement. According to Mdm Goh, “as long as a resolution was passed providing
that the said sum of $514,959.15 would be amortised over 3 years, provisions
could be made for this in terms of its accounting treatment.” 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AEIC of Goh Siew Ling (25 February 2022) at para 86.

This suggests that she expected that the sum would likely be written off over
the course of three years, although she insisted it was still a slim
possibility that the full BL Construction debt could be recovered. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Hearing Transcript Day 5 (19 July 2022) at p 8 lines 21–28.

On the other hand, Mr Ooi claims that the BL settlement agreement was intended
to “first secure whatever Full House could get from BL Construction”, and also
to “buy Full House some time to deal with the remaining sum of $514,959.15.”
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AEIC of Ooi Chooi Teik (25 February 2022) at para 105.

Not only does this evince an intention to recover the full BL Construction
debt, which would seem at odds with Mdm Goh’s expectations, it is itself quite
inexplicable. The terms of the BL settlement agreement expressly provided that
the remainder of the BL Construction debt would be fully and finally
discharged, once the $100,000.00 had been fully paid. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DCB at p 25.

In this light, how exactly Mr Ooi proposed to “deal with” the remaining sum,
short of actively engineering a default on the part of BL Construction, is
difficult to understand.

47 In view of these inconsistencies, the inherent implausibility of the
defendants’ explanations, and the lack of any expert evidence to the contrary,
there is no compelling basis upon which to reject Mr Sim’s expert evidence.
The difference of $514,959.15 cannot properly be considered as part of Full
House’s receivables.

The Buildforms debt is not properly considered part of Full House’s
receivables

48 I also find that the Buildforms debt of $31,458.00 cannot be considered
part of Full House’s receivables. Mdm Goh attempted to explain that, even
though the Buildforms debt had been outstanding for two years, Full House
still had a reasonable prospect of recovering it. This was because the debt
had been incurred for work done in the course of a Ministry of Education
project, and in Mdm Goh’s words: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Hearing Transcript Day 5 (19 July 2022) at p 8 lines 9–18.

A: Okay. Basically, this Buildform project is a MOE project.

Q: Can you explain to the Court what “MOE” is?

A: Okay. Ministry of Education and doing project for the schools. So we are
taking the contract of a sub-contract of the plumbing and sanitary from
Buildform. So beside, I mean we have been doing all this Ministry of Education
project for some time, even other main con. This 31,458 is the two invoice
under Buildform. So normally for all this Ministry of Education project,
Buildform has been paying us from only these two invoice, why? Because it’s
only after when MOE finish, finalise everything. It may takes about 4 years, 5
years. Then we can recover all this thing.

49 In short, it was the norm where such projects were concerned that the
outstanding debt would only be repaid four or five years after they were
incurred, and that even after two years, Full House had a sufficiently strong
prospect of recovering the Buildforms debt for it to be considered a
receivable.

50 However, while this explanation sounds plausible on its face, on 9 February
2017, the defendants had, as the management of Full House, written to their
auditors instructing inter alia that a sum of $31,458.00 be debited from their
financial statements for the financial year 2016, as “provision for impairment
of trade receivables (from Buildform Construction Pte Ltd) which are
outstanding for 2 years”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PCB at p 189.

Much like the partial write-off of the BL Construction debt, it is difficult
to reconcile this with any genuine belief on the part of the defendants that
Full House had any realistic prospect of recovering this sum. And while the
question whether the Buildform debt was properly regarded as part of Full
House’s receivables is an objective factual question rather than a matter of
the defendants’ subjective opinion, that the defendants were of this opinion
is strong evidence that the debt was in fact unlikely to be recoverable since,
as the management of Full House, they would be in the best position to make
such a determination. For much the same reason, the plaintiffs’ expert witness
also expressed the view that the Buildform debt should have been excluded from
the Full House’s trade receivables. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AEIC of Sim Guan Seng (25 February 2022) at para 4.8; Hearing Transcript Day 4
(18 July 2022) at p 21 line 8, p 23 lines 9–17.

51 The plaintiffs’ letter of demand to Buildforms demanding payment of the
Buildforms debt is of little assistance to the defendants. To begin with, what
the plaintiffs might have subjectively believed at the point of sending the
letter on 29 April 2019 has little bearing on the question of whether the debt
was objectively likely to be recoverable or not. In any event, I also agree
with the plaintiffs that the sending of a letter of demand does not
necessarily evince a belief that the subject debt would be recoverable. Such a
letter may simply be a precursor to a winding up application pursuant to
section 125(2)(a) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018
(2020 Rev Ed), in which case an unsecured creditor would rank pari passu
alongside other unsecured creditors and so stand very little chance of
recovering the debt in full. At most, sending such a letter might be evidence
of a hope that the subject debt would be recovered, but this is entirely
consistent with a reality in which that hope turns out to be unrealistic.

52 It is also not for the defendants to maintain that the plaintiffs “chose
not to follow up” with Buildforms’ 7 May 2019 response to the plaintiffs’
letter of demand, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defendants’ Core Bundle (2 September 2022) (“DCB”) at p 305; AEIC of Tan Shi
Hao (25 February 2022) at p 710.

which the defendants contend “indicated its willingness to make repayment
subject to Full House providing certain supporting documents.” 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 66.

On 10 May 2019, the plaintiffs did in fact follow up by requesting documentary
evidence of Buildforms’ rejection of their claim, as well as the maintenance
contract between Full House and Buildforms which allegedly required the
provision of the supporting documents. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AEIC of Tan Shi Hao (25 February 2022) at p 712.

When the plaintiffs presumably received no reply, they sent yet another letter
on 21 May 2019 reiterating their request for the documents. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents p 1498.

It was only on 27 May 2019 that Buildforms replied, stating that there was no
written maintenance contract and the obligation to provide the requisite
documents was part of a “verbal agreement” between Buildforms, THJ, and Mdm
Goh, and that there was no written rejection of the plaintiffs’ claims 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AEIC of Tan Shi Hao (25 February 2022) at p 714.

53 In light of this exchange, it cannot fairly be said that the plaintiffs
“chose not to follow-up” or were “so eager” to write off the Buildforms debt.
To the contrary, it appears that they did make a reasonable effort to seek
repayment of the Buildforms debt, but simply decided that further attempts
were unlikely to be successful given Buildforms’ response. And while the
defendants have not expressly pleaded failure to mitigate, I bear in mind that
if they had, the burden would have been on them to prove that the plaintiffs
were unreasonable in failing to mitigate their loss, and that this is
ordinarily one which is not easily discharged as the standard of
reasonableness required of the aggrieved party will not be too difficult to
meet (Bauer, Adam Godfrey and another v Wee Tien Liang, deceased [2021] SGHCR
8 at [25]). In my view, this generous approach to assessing a claimant’s
conduct in mitigation further supports the finding that the plaintiffs’
efforts to recover the Buildforms debt had been sufficient, such that they are
not disentitled from asserting that it was not properly considered part of
Full House’s receivables.

54 Accordingly, after deducting the Buildforms debt of $31,458.00 and the
$514,959.15 of the BL Construction debt from Full House’s receivables of
$3,381,209.58 as at 28 February 2018, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 82.

Full House’s actual receivables amounted to $2,834,792.43. This is $465,207.57
less than the sum of $3,300,000.00 warranted in Clause 18. The defendants are
thus in breach of the Warranty.

55 I briefly deal with two other points raised by the defendants. First, as
was the case with the Reimbursement Claim as discussed at [28]–[29], I find
their attempt to rely on Clause 10 to be misplaced. While a decision to
forgive or compound a debt would constitute a management decision that would
be shielded from challenge by Clause 10, the way in which that decision
affects the company’s financial state of affairs, and how the consequences of
that decision are to be reflected in their financial records, is governed by
established accounting standards and principles. How that state of affairs is
represented to a third party, and whether that representation is in conformity
with those standards and principles, cannot be regarded as simply a management
decision, a matter of directorial discretion, or a “difference of opinion”
within the meaning of Clause 10.

56 Second, I also do not accept the defendants’ contention that the plaintiffs
suffered no loss from the breach of the Warranty. The appropriate measure of
damages in such cases is what would be required to put the innocent party in
the position they would have been in had the warranty been true, otherwise
known as expectation loss or loss of bargain (Holland Leedon Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) v Metalform Asia Pte Ltd [2012] 3 SLR 377 at [53]). The court
will not reconstruct parties’ negotiations, hypothesise about what they might
have agreed to if a particular warranty or representation had not been made,
or use that counterfactual as a baseline against which to assess the loss
suffered. The simple fact is that THC agreed to buy out the defendants’ shares
in Full House for a certain price, on the warranty that its receivables were
at least $3,300,000.00. The defendants are thus liable to make good the
$465,207.57 difference between the actual amount of Full House’s receivables
as ascertained according to established accounting standards, and the amount
which they warranted.

Issue 3: Whether the second and third defendants are owed directors’ fees by
Full House

57 I now turn to the counterclaims brought by the defendants, starting with
Mdm Goh and Mr Ooi’s claims for directors’ fees. This claim is made pursuant
to Clause 12 of the Settlement Agreement (“Clause 12”), the relevant part of
which reads as follows: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at p 24–25.

The Current Directors shall resign as employees and directors of Full House on
or before 15 June 2018, and they shall be paid all salaries (including
salaries in lieu of notice), commission (as at 31 December 2018) and bonuses
due to them.

58 The defendants argue that the term “commission” refers to the directors’
fees provided for under Clause 11.1 of their respective service contracts, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 83.

which are pegged to 10% of Full House’s nett profit for Mdm Goh, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AEIC of Goh Siew Ling (25 February 2022) at p 716.

and 15% for Mr Ooi. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AEIC of Ooi Chooi Teik (25 February 2022) at p 56.

They also argue that the phrase “nett profit” should be understood as
referring to Full House’s profits pre-tax, and that Full House did indeed turn
a profit in financial year 2018 such that they were owed directors’ fees.

59 As against this, the plaintiffs point out that Clause 12 refers to
“commission (as at 31 December 2018)”, which suggests that the amount of
commission is to be determined at the end of the calendar year. According to
the plaintiffs, “commission” therefore cannot be a reference to the
defendants’ contractual directors’ fees, as the nett profits to which their
said fees are pegged are determined at the end of every financial year, on 30
June. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 137.

The plaintiffs go on to say that even if Clause 12 did refer to the directors’
fees in Mdm Goh’s and Mr Ooi’s service agreements, they should be calculated
with reference to Full House’s profits post-tax.

The phrase “commission” in Clause 12 refers to the defendants’ directors’ fees

60 I accept that “commission” more likely than not refers to directors’ fees
in Mdm Goh and Mr Ooi’s service agreements, and this is chiefly because the
plaintiffs simply provide no explanation for what else the phrase “commission”
might refer to. Every other entitlement under Clause 12 corresponds to
entitlements under the defendants’ service contracts – salaries are provided
for under Clause 4.1 of the defendants’ respective service contracts, and
bonuses under Clause 11.2. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AEIC of Goh (25 February 2022) at p 714–716; AEIC of Ooi Chooi Teik (25
February 2022) at p 55–56.

Neither Mdm Goh nor Mr Ooi’s service agreements, nor the Settlement Agreement
of 20 April 2018, make any reference to a “commission”, or any form of
remuneration other than the directors’ fees which were to be calculated as a
percentage of a larger sum.

61 Similarly, while the plaintiffs claim that the phrase “as at 31 December
2018” means that the “commission specified under Clause 12 is calculated to
the end of the calendar year”, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletals (25 February 2022) at para 137.

there is no mention of any distinct component of the defendants’ remuneration
in their service agreements, nor any entitlement to payment in the Settlement
Agreement, which was to be calculated with reference to the end of each
calendar year. Indeed, the plaintiffs have not pointed to any payment actually
made to the defendants which might have been this commission. Coupled with the
correspondence between THC and the defendants which evinced a mutual
understanding that Mdm Goh and Mr Ooi’s director fees were in fact payable by
the plaintiffs, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCB at p 191–198.

I am left with little choice but to accept that the phrase “as at 31 December
2018” simply meant that the directors’ fees, and the nett profits of Full
House to which they were pegged, were to be worked out by 31 December 2018. I
thus find Clause 12 did indeed oblige the plaintiffs to pay Mdm Goh and Mr Ooi
the directors’ fees provided for in their service agreements, determined with
reference to Full House’s nett profits.

The defendants’ director fees are to be determined with reference to profits
after tax

62 Next, I find that the phrase “nett profits” ought to be understood as
referring to profits post-tax. Mr Ooi admitted that, at least as of 9 May
2018, he understood that “nett profits” referred to profits after tax, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Hearing Transcript Day 5 (19 July 2022) p 36, lines 16–31.

and that this was in fact its proper meaning in the “normal commercial
context.” 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Hearing Transcript Day 5 (19 July 2022) p 36, lines 18–23.

Yet despite having ostensibly come to realise this even before the present
action was commenced, he continued to use this phrase without qualification in
his affidavit of evidence-in-chief on 25 February 2022. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AEIC of Ooi Chooi Teik (25 February 2022) at para 83(a).

63 It is of little consequence that THC had “never objected to the manner in
which Mdm Goh and Mr Ooi’s directors’ fees were calculated and paid”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 80.

As observed at [27], the defendants’ own case is that THC had little to no
involvement in the running of Full House, and scant knowledge of its affairs.
His inaction cannot be taken as acquiescence or indicative of a mutual
understanding, except in respect of the Settlement Agreement.

64 However, in the final analysis, it is unnecessary for me to decide this
point. According to Full House’s Statement of Comprehensive Income for
financial year 2018 (“the Statement”), it had in fact made a loss both before
and after tax, with the former figure being a loss of $530,394.00, and the
latter being a loss of $539,132.00. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCB at p 144; Plaintiffs’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 147.

As such, if the figures in the statement are accurate, then regardless of
whether Mdm Goh and Mr Ooi’s directors’ fees are based on pre-tax or post-tax
profit, the result would simply be zero.

Full House had no profits in financial year 2018

65 The question is thus whether the Statement accurately reflects Full House’s
losses in financial year 2018, or whether Full House did in fact make a
profit.

66 The defendants’ argument is in essence that Full House could not have made
a loss. Even though a profit and loss statement as of just a month before the
close of financial year on 31 May 2018 showed an overall net loss, they
explained that this was because only costs and not revenue would have been
recorded at that stage. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 88(a).

Invoices for “ongoing term contracts and ad hoc contracts”, which may have
been completed before the end of the financial year, also might simply not
have been issued at that point. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 88(b).

THC’s lack of knowledge regarding Full House’s finances and accounts made it
highly probable that records had been kept inaccurately, and Full House’s
auditors indeed noted that there was a “risk of inaccuracy in the books as
there might be over or under recognition of revenue”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DCB at p 186.

Most importantly, the sizable withdrawals amounting to approximately
$10,000,000.00 that THC had made across financial years 2018 and 2019 would
not have been made if Full House had genuinely been suffering financially. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 89 to 90.

If Full House had made a loss, this was entirely the doing of THC, who was no
longer interested in running Full House as a going concern, and was treating
it as a “treasure chest to be plundered”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 90.

67 The fatal flaw in the defendants’ case is that despite having obtained
specific discovery of Full House’s financial documents for financial years
2018 and 2019, they were unable to identify the source of the alleged
inaccuracy or give any example of an invoice or revenue item which should have
been included in the revenue figure for financial year 2018, but was
incorrectly omitted. I accept that their lack of accounting and financial
expertise would have made it difficult for the defendants to do this
personally, and that a professional “re-audit” might have been beyond their
financial means. But on them rests the burden of proof, and if the defendants
are unable to “conclusively show which projects are in issue,” 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 99.

or otherwise identify the error which caused the Statement to inaccurately
reflect a loss when there were in fact profits, then there is simply
insufficient basis for this court to find on balance of probabilities that
there was in fact an error.

68 The rest of the circumstantial evidence upon which the defendants’ case
rests also does not inexorably lead to the inference which they would like the
court to draw. Rather than being due to the recording of costs but not
revenue, or the omission of invoices for contracts which might or might not
have been completed, the most straightforward explanation for the fact that
net losses were reflected in both the profit and loss statement as well as the
overall financial year, is simply that Full House was actually making a loss.
THC’s withdrawals from Full House’s accumulated profits are not inconsistent
with the fact that it might have made a loss in the relevant financial year.
And if even THC’s management of Full House might have contributed to that
loss, and even if THC and his son “had no interest in carrying on Full House’s
operations and were simply running it into the ground”, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendants’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 102 to 103.

there was nothing in the Settlement Agreement which obliged THC to continue
Full House’s business in such a way as to make a profit in financial year
2018, in order that the defendants would be eligible to collect directors’
fees as per the formula in their service agreements.

69 Accordingly, as the defendants have provided no compelling reason to
believe that the Statement was wrong, and are in any event in no position to
quantify the director fees to which they claim to be entitled, they are unable
to establish that they are entitled to any directors’ fees. I thus dismiss the
Directors’ Fees Claim.

Issue 4: Whether the third defendant is owed remuneration for the period
between 15 June and 20 July 2018

70 The services remuneration claim is Mr Ooi’s claim for remuneration for
services rendered between 15 June and 20 July 2018, allegedly pursuant to a
new employment contract under which he was to be paid $12,000.00 per month,
which parties concluded sometime after his resignation from the directorship
of Full House on 15 June 2018 as per Clause 12 of the Settlement Agreement. I
note that, as Mr Ooi conceded at trial that he had in fact been paid for the
period of 15 to 30 June, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Hearing Transcript Day 5 (19 July 2022) at p 81 lines 16–32, p 82 lines 1–11.

, the remuneration presently in issue is that for services rendered between 1
to 20 July for a sum of $8,181.82. This figure is derived by pro-rating his
allegedly agreed monthly salary of $12,000.00 to the number of working days he
worked in July. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Hearing Transcript Day 5 (19 July 2022) at p 88, lines 1–27.

71 On the other hand, the plaintiffs’ position is that that Mr Ooi’s services
were not rendered pursuant to any new contract, but rather in discharge of his
contractual obligations to serve a notice period of two months under his
previous service agreement with Full House. Further, as Mr Ooi decided to stop
working before serving the entire two-month notice period which would have
ended on 15 August 2018, he and the plaintiffs came to an understanding that
he would be allowed to stop work in exchange for agreeing to forfeit any
remuneration for his services which remained unpaid at that point.

72 I find it unlikely that Mr Ooi and the plaintiffs had concluded any new
agreement, whether written or verbal, for the former to continue rendering
services to Full House at a rate of $12,000.00 per month. Such an agreement
would be inconsistent with an email which he sent on 6 July 2018 to Full
House’s then-management, which reads as follows: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AEIC of Ooi Chooi Teik (25 February 2022) at p 698.

Hi Shi Hao,

May I know the status of my employment as you are aware technically speaking I
am without any employment contract starting 16th June 2018 with Full House yet
I am functioning and working as per normal now in Full House as I promised.

Till date I do not know what’s the management’s position on the offer to me as
we are basically ironing the fine details of the employment agreements, yes I
have promised your father to give him some time and not to rush into, having
said that I still do look forward to some assurance from you and your family
on my employment with Full House.

As promised my stand is clear that I will stay on and nothing changed, I do
hope that you and your dad will be able to sort this out for me when he is
backed from his charity trip in Myanmar.

…

[emphasis added]

73 This email quite clearly shows that Mr Ooi himself was not under the
impression that the services he was rendering as of 6 July 2018 were rendered
pursuant to any new agreement that had been concluded with the plaintiffs.
Rather, he had continued working for Full House while negotiating the terms of
a new employment agreement with the plaintiffs in the hope that it would
materialise.

74 Crucially, such a hope or expectation is not incompatible with the
possibility that Mr Ooi might have been serving out his notice period. I
accept that the correspondence preceding the 6 July 2018 email suggests that
both parties were actively considering the possibility of Mr Ooi remaining in
Full House’s employ, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AEIC of Ooi Chooi Teik (25 February 2022) at pgs. 698–703.

on terms different from those under his original service agreement. It is also
undisputed that Mr Ooi also applied for and obtained a licence from the
Building and Construction Authority (“BCA”) in his own name, which was
critical for Full House’s operations, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Hearing Transcript Day 2 (13 July 2022) at p 9 lines 25–31, p 10 lines 1–9.

and that it was only on 20 July 2018, when Mr Ooi appears to have decided that
it would not be tenable for him to continue working with THC, that he made a
request to “remove my name from BCA”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

AEIC of Tan Shi Hao (25 February 2022) at pgs. 259–260.

Certainly, if the plaintiffs had all along intended that Mr Ooi would part
ways with Full House after 18 August 2018, then there is little reason that
the license application would have been made in his name in the first place,
such that it would later need to be removed. However, while it is clear that
parties were contemplating that Mr Ooi would continue to remain in Full
House’s employ, this is perfectly consistent with the fact that, unless they
agreed upon and concluded a new employment agreement, the legal basis for any
services rendered between 15 June 2018 and 15 August 2018 would have been the
notice period in his original contract. Even though negotiations fell through,
his contractual obligation to serve it in its entirety would have subsisted
until fully discharged, or until parties expressly agreed to relieve him
therefrom. It also does not matter that THJ and Mdm Goh, whose service
contracts contained the same notice period obligation, were put on “garden
leave” while Mr Ooi was not; it would have been entirely the plaintiffs’
prerogative to allow or require any given employee to serve their notice
period in this manner, without also permitting or requiring another to do the
same. That they in fact did so is also entirely unsurprising, given that THC
most likely would have wanted THJ and Mdm Goh out of the picture as soon as
possible, but was hoping that Mr Ooi might stay on to assist with the running
of Full House.

75 I thus find that Mr Ooi was simply serving out his notice period, and, in
light of the fact that he did not serve it in its entirety, I also accept that
he agreed to forfeit any unpaid remuneration for work done during that period
in exchange for being released from having to serve it in its entirety. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Hearing Transcript Day 2 (13 July 2022) at p 3 lines 24–29; Plaintiffs’
Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 158(2).

Moreover, even if parties had not in fact subjectively arrived at such an
agreement at the material time, Mr Ooi would still have been under a legal
obligation to serve out the remainder of his notice period, and the plaintiffs
would have a claim against him for failure to do so. It was open to them to
give up that claim in exchange from being relieved of their obligation to pay
him any outstanding remuneration, and in view of the arguments which the
plaintiffs have made before me, I would in the alternative have taken them as
having done so. This being the case, Mr Ooi is no longer entitled to any such
outstanding remuneration, and the Services Remuneration Claim must fail.

Issue 5: Whether THC committed breaches of confidence and/or breaches of the
Settlement Agreement

76 Finally, the defendants seek orders for injunctive relief and specific
performance of the Settlement Agreement against THC, in response to various
acts which he is alleged to have committed. First, they claim that THC
forwarded email correspondence between the defendants and their solicitors to
one Law Joo Teck, in breach of legal professional privilege and confidence
(“the email issue”). Second, by repeatedly requesting that the liquidators of
Prime Maintenance revisit certain allegations which he had made in respect of
HC/CWU 11/2018, THC was also in breach of Clause 10 of the Settlement
Agreement (“the Prime Maintenance issue”).

THC’s forwarding of the email was a breach of confidence

77 The email issue concerns a single email which the defendants had received
from their personal solicitors, WHM Law Corporation, on 28 August 2017.
Amongst other things, this email stated that: 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCB p 115.

Finally, I understand that Joo Teck has suggested commencing a rights issue to
“test” whether THC still has the finances to fight. Subject to your views, I
do not think such an endeavour would be fruitful. First, THC can simply obtain
a loan to deal with such a rights issue and we would be none the wiser.
Second, and more importantly, if indeed THC’s share value is diluted this
would give THC the ammunition that he has been waiting for all along to
commence a minority oppression suit.

Of course, as usual, all such discussions with the Chinese company cannot be
made known to THC or even Joo Teck.

…

78 For context, Joo Teck, who was THC and THJ’s cousin, had around May 2016
been acting as a purportedly neutral mediator between the brothers in respect
of their dispute. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 26 to 30.

Consequently, upon discovering this email after taking over management of Full
House, THC felt “angry and betrayed” by Joo Teck, as the email strongly
suggested that he had been siding with THJ and helping him strategise against
THC despite his pretence of neutrality. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 31. Hearing Transcript Day 3
(14 July 2022) at p 30 lines 4–19.

THC proceeded to confront Joo Teck about this by forwarding him the email,
accompanied by what appears to be a sarcastic, passive-aggressive message
reading “‘xue nong yushui de xiongdi’. The world best “Mediator’. Many Many
Many thanks to you.” 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Original mandarin from DCB p 114, romanization from Defendants’ Skeletals (2
September 2022) at para 110.

The defendants objected to THC’s disclosure of this correspondence from their
personal solicitors to Joo Teck, and sought an injunction restraining him from
further “accessing, viewing and/or misappropriating the Defendants’ private
and/or confidential correspondence/communications (including such privileged
correspondence/communications between the Defendants and their solicitors)”.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defence and Counterclaim at para 31.

79 It is well-accepted that the court may grant an injunction against the use,
disclosure, or publication of confidential information, pursuant to its
equitable jurisdiction to restrain breaches of confidence (Mykytowych, Pamela
Jane v V I P Hotel [2016] 4 SLR 829 at [59]; Asplenium Land Pte Ltd v Lam Chye
Shing and others [2019] 5 SLR 130 at [132]; HT SRL v Wee Shuo Woon [2016] 2
SLR 442 at [26]). The question is thus whether a breach of confidence has
arisen in the present case, and in this regard, Singapore law distinguishes
between two types of situations. Where a defendant gains a benefit from
unauthorised use or disclosure of confidential information, this implicates
the plaintiff’s interest in preventing the defendant from gaining such a
benefit, otherwise known as the plaintiff’s wrongful gain interest. In such
cases, the test for breach of confidence is the modified Coco v AN Clark
(Engineers) Ltd [1969] RPC 41 test in LVM Law Chambers LLC v Wan Hoe Keet and
another and another matter [2020] 1 SLR 1083 (“LVM Law Chambers”) at [15],
which requires that the information have the necessary quality of confidence,
that its acquisition occurred in circumstances importing an obligation of
confidence, and that there be a real and sensible possibility of the
information being misused (Lim Oon Kuin and others v Rajah & Tann Singapore
LLP and another appeal [2022] 2 SLR 280 (“Lim Oon Kuin”) at [35], [39]). On
the other hand, cases involving unauthorised acquisition or “taking” of
confidential information implicate the plaintiff’s wrongful loss interest, or
their interest in the protection of the confidentiality of the information per
se. (Lim Oon Kuin at [36]–[41]). The appropriate test in such cases is that in
I-Admin (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Hong Ying Ting and others [2020] 1 SLR 1130
(“I-Admin”), which modifies the third limb of the LVM Law Chambers test to
shift the burden on the defendant to prove that their conscience has not been
affected, once the first two limbs are made out (I-Admin at [61]).

80 At this juncture, I observe that where legally privileged or otherwise
confidential information is discovered by accident and only later deliberately
published or disclosed, it may not be immediately obvious which test for
breach of confidence would apply, owing to the lack of any “taking” or
unauthorised acquisition on the one hand, and any pecuniary or tangible
benefit from the use of the information on the other. However, I do not think
that this poses any major impediment in the present case. Singaporean
jurisprudence prior to Lim Oon Kuin and I-Admin clearly recognised that
solicitor-client communications could be confidential and subject to an
obligation of confidence (LVM Law Chambers; Wee Shuo Woon v HT SRL [2017] 2
SLR 94 (“Wee Shuo Woon”)). I also do not think that the Court of Appeal, in
formulating the wrongful gain and loss interests as it did, meant to render
all such communications beyond the protection of the law of confidence.
Indeed, Lim Oon Kuin was itself concerned with potentially privileged and
confidential communications between a law firm and its clients, and its
suggestion at [53] that both the I-Admin or LVM Law Chambers approaches might
be applicable, despite the lack of any specific act of unauthorised
acquisition by the respondent law firm or obvious pecuniary benefit to be
derived from the use of the information, suggests that these concepts should
not be construed so narrowly as to preclude their applicability in such cases.

81 In this light, I have little difficulty finding that THC’s actions amounted
to a breach of confidence. The email had not in any way been released into the
public domain, and so retained its quality of confidence (Wee Shuo Woon at
[39]; ARX v Comptroller of Income Tax [2016] 5 SLR 590 at [29]; Candey Ltd v
Bosheh and another [2022] EWCA Civ 1103 at [115]). The fact that information
is accessed without a plaintiff’s knowledge or consent (I-Admin at [61]), and
a defendant’s knowledge that the plaintiff would not want them to be accessing
or publishing the information in question (Wee Shuo Woon at [40]), are
circumstances sufficient to import an obligation of confidentiality which are
present in this case. Indeed, the email itself made clear that its contents
should not be disclosed to THC or Joo Teck, and although THC claimed to
believe that he had a “right to access” the email given that it was in the
defendants’ company email account, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 30.

he also accepted that the defendants were being represented by WMH Law
Corporation in their personal capacity, and not as the management of Full
House. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Hearing Transcript Day 3 (14 July 2022) at p 29 lines 25–31.

It is fair to say that there was a real and sensible possibility that, having
already misused the information once, THC might do so again. Given that THC
had no real excuse for doing so, and indeed makes no attempt to defend his
actions other than to assert that he has not since repeated them, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 162.

he also has little prospect of proving that his conscience was not affected.
Accordingly, all three limbs of both the LVM Law Chambers and I-Admin tests
for breach of confidence are made out.

82 I finally turn to consider the scope of the injunction to be granted. The
injunction the defendants have sought is couched in wide terms, in respect of
all their private or confidential correspondence and communications. However,
a party seeking an injunction as a remedy for breach of confidence must be
specific about the confidential information in question (Lim Oon Kuin at
[43]). In this case, there is only one category of confidential information
the defendants have identified, that being correspondence between them and
their solicitors. Accordingly, I grant the injunction sought by the
defendants, but only in respect of such correspondence.

THC’s multiple requests for further investigations into Prime Maintenance
constituted a breach of Clause 10

83 Finally, the defendants allege that THC breached Clause 10 of the
Settlement Agreement by making multiple requests of the liquidators of Prime
Maintenance (“the liquidators”) in respect of certain transactions with which
he took issue. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defence and Counterclaim at para 18(p) to 20.

This correspondence is outlined as follows:

(a) On 4 July 2018, THC instructed one Esther Lee to send an email to the
liquidators, containing, inter alia, queries from THC’s personal auditor, whom
he had engaged to look into Prime Maintenance’s accounts. This was “retracted”
on 13 July 2018, by way of another email to the liquidators stating that THC
“no longer requires the review / assessment / investigation of the matters
raised in his CWU Affidavit.” 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 35 to 37.

(b) On 13 September, THC attended a physical meeting of the contributories and
creditors of Prime Maintenance, at which he “raised concerns about the matters
raised in [THC’s] CWU Affidavit, and asked the liquidators to conduct a review
of the same”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 39 to 41.

The liquidators subsequently sought to confirm by way of an email sent on 20
September 2018 whether THC’s position was that they ought to look into those
matters. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 42.

(c) THC responded on 24 September 2018, highlighting two “questionable”
transactions which allegedly lacked supporting documents and proper approval,
and requested that THJ reverse the transactions. When THJ declined, the
liquidators again wrote to THC on 4 October 2018, seeking to confirm THC’s
position on whether an investigation was required. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 44.

After receiving no response, the liquidators informed THC on 13 March 2019
that they would proceed with the winding up of Prime Maintenance and the
distribution of surplus cash. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 46.

(d) On 14 March 2019, THC informed the liquidators that he would not accept
the distribution, and that he was maintaining his position that they should
look into the “questionable” transactions. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 47.

The liquidators again followed up on 15 March 2019, seeking confirmation as to
whether THC’s intention was for them to review the said transactions. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 48.

(e) THC then responded on 28 March 2019, stating again that it was not his
intention for the liquidators to conduct a review of the highlighted
transactions. However, he also “drew the Liquidators attention” to section 271
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 49.

which requires a liquidator to submit a preliminary report to the Official
Receiver, regarding inter alia whether “further inquiry is desirable as to any
matter relating to the promotion, formation or failure of the company or the
conduct of the business thereof.” When the liquidators subsequently sought to
clarify his intentions, he responded on 4 April 2019 claiming that he
“intend[ed] nothing more than to state the legal obligations of a liquidator”.
98

##### Foot Note 98

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 52.

(f) After some further attempts at clarification, the liquidators proceeded to
complete the winding up of Prime Maintenance, and paid THC his share of the
surplus proceeds. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

AEIC of Tan Hong Chian (25 February 2022) at para 53 to 60.

84 The foregoing account makes it abundantly clear that THC was trying to
apply pressure on the liquidators to look into what he felt to be
“questionable” transactions. Notwithstanding his claims that his official
position was that no investigations were required and that he was simply
“reminding” the liquidators of their duties, this was a clear breach of Clause
10, which, in addition to generally prohibiting THC from taking issue with the
running and management of Full House and Prime Maintenance as discussed at
[24], also specifically provided that:

… In respect of Prime Maintenance, THC shall retract all allegations made and
Parties agree that no investigations are required. No issue shall be taken
with the running of Prime Maintenance and its affairs.

85 I am of the view that this portion of Clause 10 did not simply reflect an
agreement that no investigation was required as of the date of the signing of
the Settlement Agreement, but also imposed upon them an obligation to refrain
from seeking such an investigation going forward – indeed, THC conceded at
trial that his actions did amount to such a breach. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Hearing Transcript Day 3 (14 July 2022) at p 14 lines 27–31, p 15 lines 1–8.

86 This being the case, and bearing in mind the extent of his actions, an
injunction is plainly warranted. While I accept that Prime Maintenance has
been wound up and the liquidators released, I do not think that the purpose of
Clause 10 was only to prevent THC from interfering in the winding up process.
Given the prolonged and acrimonious nature of the dispute and THC’s conduct
therein, I am of the view that Clause 10 was meant to prevent him from making
any allegations to anybody regarding Prime Maintenance, the running of its
affairs, or its winding up. And where a defendant has or is about to breach a
negative covenant in a contract, an injunction restraining further breaches
will readily be granted unless doing so would cause undue hardship over and
beyond simply having to observe the contract (RGA Holdings International Inc v
Loh Choon Phing Robin and another [2017] 2 SLR 997 at [32]–[33]; Viking
Engineering Pte Ltd v Feen, Bjornar and others [2022] SGHC 144 at [13]). In
this case, THC cannot show any particular hardship which such an injunction
might cause, especially since his own case is that the winding up of Prime
Maintenance has been completed. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Plaintiffs’ Skeletals (2 September 2022) at para 161(3).

However, as this does not necessarily obviate the possibility that he may
continue to make allegations and demands in respect thereof directly to the
defendants or other third parties, I grant the defendants an injunction
restraining THC from making any further allegations or requests for
investigations in respect of Prime Maintenance, which would in effect be to
grant the order for specific performance they seek.

Conclusion

87 Having found in favour of the plaintiffs in respect of the Warranty Claim,
the Reimbursement Claim, the Directors’ Fees Claim, and the Services
Remuneration Claim, and in favour of the defendants on the Prime Maintenance
and email issues, I make the following orders.

88 In respect of the Reimbursement Claim, THJ is to pay Full House $83,441.26,
Mdm Goh is to pay $86,347.26, and Mr Ooi is to pay $81,375.26, with interest
at 5.33% per annum running from 24 April 2018 until payment in full.

89 In respect of the Warranty Claim, the defendants are to pay $465,207.57 to
THC, with interest at 5.33% per annum running from 20 April 2018 until payment
in full.

90 In respect of the Prime Maintenance and email issues, I grant injunctions
prohibiting THC from accessing, viewing, and/or misappropriating any private
or confidential correspondence between the defendants and their solicitors,
and from making any allegations or requests for investigations in respect of
Prime Maintenance.

91 I shall hear parties on costs.

Andrew Ang

Senior Judge

Wong Thai Yong (Skandan Law LLC) for the plaintiffs;

Lee Kok Weng Mark, Sarah Yeo Qi Wei, and Tan Shi Yuin Teri (WMH Law
Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Apr 2023 (19:36 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

