Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 103

Suit No 384 of 2021

Between

(1)(2)| Ajeet Gobindram VaswaniViresh Ajeet Vaswani  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Salvatore Gregory Takoushian  
---|---  
(2)(3)(4)(5)(6)| Lau Chun Wah @ Davy LauCarl Gabriel Florian Stubbe Tarun
Kataria Tan Wee Peng Kelvin Ng Kheng Choo  
  
… Defendants

Grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Privileges]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ajeet Gobindram Vaswani and another

  
v

  

Salvatore Gregory Takoushian and others

[2023] SGHC 103

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 384 of 2021 (Summons Nos 2545 and
2546 of 2022)  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
28 September 2022

19 April 2023

Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 On 28 September 2022, I dismissed Mr Salvatore Gregory Takoushian’s (“the
First Defendant”) applications in summons no 2545 of 2022 and summons no 2546
of 2022. The First Defendant applied for leave to appeal to the Appellate
Division of the High Court (“SGHC(A)”) by way of AD/originating application no
18 of 2022 and AD/originating application no 19 of 2022. On 13 February 2023,
the SGHC(A) granted leave to appeal but limited it to one question, whether
there was a prima facie case of error arising from the approach I had taken in
making the assumption that privilege existed as regarding certain documents. I
therefore limit my grounds to just this issue for which leave was granted.

2 In both summonses, the First Defendant sought to restrain the remaining
defendants in this action (“Other Defendants”) from disclosing a set of
documents and from lifting redactions made in another set of documents on the
ground that they were privileged and that the First Defendant had not waived
that privilege. I shall refer to these documents as the Disputed Documents.

3 The First Defendant had claimed that the Disputed Documents were privileged
on the ground that they constituted legal advice rendered to, inter alia, the
First Defendant. It is on this basis that the First Defendant came before me
in both these summonses. If they were not privileged, then the First Defendant
would not have any basis to make the applications.

4 It seemed to me that, even if the Disputed Documents were privileged, the
First Defendant had, by virtue of the pleading in his Defence that he had
relied on the legal advice given in the Disputed Documents, impliedly waived
his privilege. As this point disposes of the summonses, I saw no need to
venture into a determination of whether the Disputed Documents were indeed
privileged. This is because, if the Disputed Documents are not privileged, the
summonses would also be dismissed.

5 I should also deal with the following point. The legal advice in the
Disputed Documents was rendered to the defendants, as directors of the REIT,
as well as to Eagle Hospitality REIT Management Pte Ltd and Eagle Hospitality
Trust Management Pte Ltd (“the REIT Managers”) (who are not a party to the
suit). The question is whether, if the Disputed Documents are subject to
privilege and the REIT Managers are entitled to assert it, my decision on the
summonses ought to be any different. I am of the view that it makes no
difference because the REIT Managers had not asserted that privilege before me
(on the assumption that, not being a party, they are each entitled to do so).

Lee Seiu Kin J  
Judge of the High Court |   
---|---  
  
Yeo Yi Ling Eileen, Shalini Rajasegar and Saadhvika Jayanth (Advocatus Law
LLP) for the first defendant;

Pillai K Muralidharan SC, Luo Qinghui and Ong Ken Wei (Rajah & Tann Singapore
LLP) for the second to fifth defendants;

Daniel Chia Hsiung Wen and Charlene Wee Swee Ting (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC)
for the sixth defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 19 Apr 2023 (12:26 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

