Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 256

Originating Application No 423 of 2023

Between

(1)| Li Jialin  
---|---  
(2)| Li Suinan  
  
… Applicants

And

| Wingcrown Investment Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Contract — Remedies — Deposits]

[Contract — Remedies — Liquidated damages — Penalties]

[Civil Procedure — Damages — Interest — Pre-judgment interest]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Li Jialin and another

  
v

  

Wingcrown Investment Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 256

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 423 of 2023  
Kwek Mean Luck J  
5 July, 21 August 2023

12 September 2023

Kwek Mean Luck J:

Introduction

1 In this application, Ms Li Jialin and Mr Li Suinan (the “Applicants”)
principally sought the return of $1,195,354.42 (less any amount refunded to
date) from Wingcrown Investment Pte Ltd (the “Respondent”), along with
interest at a rate of 5.33% per annum. The Applicants had paid the sum of
$1,195,354.42 to the Respondent pursuant to two abortive attempts to purchase
a residential property (the “Property”). Although it was undisputed that the
sale had been terminated due to repeated defaults by the Applicants, the
Applicants submitted that the Respondent was not entitled to retain any part
of this sum. Out of this sum, the Respondent had returned $488,957.04 to the
Applicants prior to the commencement of proceedings and submitted that it was
entitled to retain the balance of $706,397.38.

2 After hearing the parties’ submissions, I held that the Respondent was
entitled to forfeit $380,000 as a true deposit and that the Respondent was to
retain the remaining $326,243.07 pending the determination of its claim of
equitable set-off in an assessment of damages hearing to be heard by an
Assistant Registrar. As the Respondent had made an offer to settle that was
without prejudice save as to costs, I reserved the matter of costs to the
Assistant Registrar, who would be able to determine whether the net sum found
payable to the Applicants after any set-off would fall below the settlement
offer. I also ordered the Respondent to pay pre-judgment interest on the
moneys found payable to the Applicants. The Applicants have appealed against
my decision to dismiss their application, my decision that interest was to run
only in respect of the net sum of money that is eventually found to be
repayable to the Applicants after the assessment of damages hearing, as well
as my decision to reserve the matter of costs and the applicable rate of
interest to the Assistant Registrar. I set out my grounds in full below.

Facts

3 The Respondent is the developer and vendor of a residential development that
included the Property. The Applicants are citizens of the People’s Republic of
China and reside abroad. The parties were legally represented at all material
times and principally corresponded through their respective solicitors.

The first attempted purchase

4 On 5 December 2015, the Respondent issued the Applicants an Option to
Purchase (“OTP 1”) in respect of the Property, at the purchase price of
$1,785,000. On 28 December 2015, the parties entered into a Sale and Purchase
Agreement (“SPA 1”). Pursuant to cl 7.4(d) of SPA 1, the Respondent was
entitled to forfeit and keep 20% of the purchase price (amounting to $357,000)
should SPA 1 be “annulled” by the Respondent following a repudiation of the
contract by the Applicants. Under cl 7.4(c) of SPA 1, the Respondent was also
entitled to recover from prior payments “all interest, property tax,
maintenance charges and other amounts owing and unpaid” under SPA 1 as at the
date of annulment and “all costs and expenses legal or otherwise” incurred in
relation to the recovery of possession of the Property. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Koh Chin Beng dated 16 May 2023 at pp 48–49.

Both OTP 1 and SPA 1 were in the standard form prescribed under the Housing
Developers Rules.

5 On 12 March 2018, SPA 1 was annulled by the Respondent. It was undisputed
that this termination was valid as the Applicants had defaulted on their
payment obligations. The Respondent informed the Applicants that pursuant to
cl 7.4 of SPA 1, the Respondent was entitled to the sum of $379,195.58,
comprising the $357,000 deposit as well as deductions for interest on
outstanding payments, maintenance fees, and tax reimbursements. By then, a
total of $1,217,550 had already been paid by the Applicants. The Respondent
said that the remaining $838,354.42 would be returned to the Applicants. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Koh Chin Beng dated 16 May 2023 at pp 88–89.

The second attempted purchase

6 Despite the termination of SPA 1, the Applicants remained interested in
purchasing the Property and commenced negotiations with the Respondent. To
demonstrate their “utmost sincerity” and to plead for a “final chance”, the
Applicants’ solicitors wrote to the Respondent on 3 and 4 April 2018, seeking
the Respondent’s “kind indulgence to allow [the Applicants] to continue the
purchase of the Property on the same terms”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at pp 142–144.

Although the Respondent refused to continue on the terms of SPA 1 and
reiterated that SPA 1 had already been annulled, negotiations eventually
resulted in the grant of a fresh Option to Purchase dated 17 April 2018 (“OTP
2”). Under OTP 2, the revised purchase price for the Property was $1,900,000.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at pp 129–135.

7 OTP 2 is a single document. It sets out the terms of the Option to Purchase,
followed by a section headed “Terms of Sale” which sets out the terms that
would become operative upon exercise of the Option to Purchase. The preamble
to OTP 2 recorded the chronology of events leading up to the grant of OTP 2.
Recital III of the preamble to OTP 2 noted that:

Out of the Original Price, the sum of Singapore Dollars Three Hundred And
Seventy-Nine Thousand One Hundred And Ninety-Five and Cents Fifty-Eight
($379,195.58) (the "Forfeited Amount") was deducted by the [Respondent]
pursuant to Clause 7.4 of the SPA and the sum of Singapore Dollars Eight
Hundred and Thirty-Eight Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty-Four and Cents
Forty-Two ($838,354.42) is to be to be returned to the [Applicants] (the
"Refund Amount") subject to the terms of the SPA …

[emphasis in original]

Recital IV stated that:

[The Applicants have] requested the [Respondent] to:-

a. issue the [Applicants] a fresh option to purchase the Property at the price
of Singapore Dollars One Million Nine Hundred Thousand ($1,900,000.00) (the
"Purchase Price");

b. out of the Forfeited Amount, not to forfeit the sum of Singapore Dollars
Three Hundred And Fifty-Seven Thousand ($357,000.00) and to instead credit
that sum towards the option fee payable under the fresh option to purchase the
Property; and

c. notwithstanding the terms of the SPA, not refund the Refund Amount to the
[Applicants] unless it is in accordance with Clause C below; and

d. to transfer and credit the Refund Amount towards the deposit payable under
the fresh option to purchase the Property in accordance with Clause B below,
in the event the [Applicants] exercises the Option in accordance with Clause B
below …

[emphasis in original]

Clause A of OTP 2 stated that the grant of OTP 2 was in consideration for the
payment of the “Option Fee”, being the $357,000 already received by the
Respondent as recorded in Recital IV.

8 Pursuant to cl B of OTP 2, the Applicants were required to deliver OTP 2 and
a signed acceptance copy to the Respondent by 30 April 2018 to properly
exercise OTP 2. By such exercise, the Applicants would “irrevocably authorise
and direct the [Respondent] to credit the Refund Amount towards payment of the
Deposit (defined below) less the Option Fee”. Pursuant to cl C of OTP 2, upon
the due exercise of OTP 2, “the Option Fee already paid by the [Applicants]
will be credited to the Purchase Price, and there shall be a binding contract
for the sale and purchase of the Property between the parties hereto on the
‘Terms of Sale’ set out below”. Conversely, should the Applicants fail to
properly exercise OTP 2, the Respondent would be entitled to forfeit the
“Option Fee” (the $357,000) and the Respondent would return the “Refund
Amount” (the $838,354.42) to the Applicants.

9 Under the section headed “Terms of Sale”, cl 1 of OTP 2 set out various
definitions and interpretations, the most salient of which was that:

"Deposit" means Singapore Dollars One Million One Hundred And Ninety-Five
Thousand Three Hundred And Fifty-Four and Cents Forty-Two Only
(S$1,195,354.42) and shall form part of the Purchase Price.

[emphasis in original]

The sum of $1,195,354.42 was derived from the $1,217,550 that had already been
paid to the Respondent, less the deductions that the Respondent was entitled
to make pursuant to cl 7.4(c) of SPA 1 (at [5] above). In other words, the sum
comprised the $357,000 originally paid as a deposit under SPA 1, as well as
the $838,354.42 that the Respondent would otherwise have returned to the
Applicants following the termination of SPA 1. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at paras 20-22; Affidavit of Koh
Chin Beng dated 16 May 2023 at para 28.

10 On 30 April 2018, the Applicants exercised OTP 2. The Applicants were
therefore obliged to pay the balance of the $1,900,000 purchase price on the
completion date, which was ten weeks from the date of OTP 2 (26 June 2018).
Under the section headed “Terms of Sale”, cl 2 of OTP 2 incorporated The Law
Society of Singapore’s Conditions of Sale 2012 (the “Conditions”). Condition
15 of the Conditions concerns the issuance of a notice to complete, which
requires the recipient to complete the transaction within 21 days after the
day of service. Condition 15.9 provides that: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities dated 28 June 2023 at pp 119–120.

If the Purchaser does not comply with the terms of any effective Notice to
Complete served by the Vendor under this Condition, then the following terms
apply:

(a) on the expiry of the Notice to Complete or within such further period as
the Vendor may allow, the Purchaser must immediately return all title deeds
and documents in his possession that belong to the Vendor;

(b) the Purchaser must at his own expense procure the cancellation of any
entry relating to the Contract in any register; and

(c) without prejudice to any other rights or remedies available to him at law
or in equity, the Vendor may:

i. forfeit and keep any deposit paid by the Purchaser; and

ii. resell the Property whether by auction or by private agreement without
previously tendering a Conveyance to the Purchaser.

[emphasis added]

11 It was undisputed that the Applicants failed to complete on 26 June 2018 as
required under OTP 2. Despite several extensions of time and repeated
reminders by the Respondent, the Applicants failed to perform their payment
obligations. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at pp 167–193.

The Respondent thus served the Applicants a notice to complete dated 24
October 2018. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at p 195.

Despite the notice, the Applicants failed to complete within 21 days and the
Respondent notified the Applicants that OTP 2 had been terminated by way of a
letter dated 20 November 2018. In that letter, the Respondent expressly
reserved its right to forfeit under Condition 15.9 of the Conditions. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at p 197.

The Applicants accepted that OTP 2 was validly terminated. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at para 55.

12 The Respondent thereafter attempted to sell the Property to third parties,
eventually completing the sale of the Property on 14 April 2021. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of Koh Chin Beng dated 16 May 2023 at paras 54-55.

13 From the available evidence, the parties next corresponded by way of a
“letter of appeal” dated 1 March 2019, wherein the Applicants explained the
reason for their repeated defaults and asked for the Respondent to show
“empathy” and to “help mitigate [the Applicants’] losses … by refunding them
the money of SGD$1,195,354.42 that they had paid todate [sic]”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at pp 206–207.

By an email dated 29 April 2019, the Respondent declined to return the sum of
$1,195,354.42 and reasserted that its rights under Condition 15.9 of the
Conditions were reserved. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at pp 279.

Further appeals by the Applicants were turned down by the Respondent on 4 June
2019 and 3 October 2019. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at pp 281 and 284.

In consequence, the Respondent retained the sum of $1,195,354.42.

The letter of demand

14 The Applicants next wrote to the Respondent close to four years later,
issuing a letter of demand dated 21 March 2023. In a change of tack, the
Applicants demanded the return of the entire sum of $1,195,354.42 along with
interest at a rate of 5.33% per annum calculated from 20 November 2018 to the
date of payment. The Applicants claimed that the “deposit” of $1,195,354.42
had to be returned in full as it was not a true deposit and operated as a
penalty. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at p 292.

15 On 10 April 2023, the Respondent informed the Applicants that it would
return $488,957.04 out of the $1,195,354.42. The Respondent took the position
that it was entitled to: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at p 296.

(a) forfeit 20% of the purchase price of $1,900,000 stated in OTP 2, being the
sum of $380,000; and

(b) set-off the sum of $326,397.38 as reasonable fees and expenses incurred as
a result of the termination of SPA 1 and OTP 2.

I pause to observe that, for the purposes of this application, the Respondent
subsequently reduced the amount of fees and expenses claimed as a set-off to
$326,243.07 after reviewing the documents in relation to this matter. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Affidavit of Koh Chin Beng dated 16 May 2023 at para 77.

16 On 19 April 2023, as promised, the Respondent paid the sum of $488,957.04
to the Applicants.

Summary of the parties’ cases

17 The Applicants primarily prayed for the following orders:

(a) a declaration that the sum of $1,195,354.42 paid to the Respondent was not
a true deposit;

(b) a declaration that the forfeiture of the sum of $1,195,354.42 was an
unenforceable penalty; and

(c) an order that the Respondent repay the sum of $1,195,354.42 (less the
$488,957.04 already repaid) with interest at a rate of 5.33% per annum
calculated from 20 November 2018 to the date of full payment.

18 The Applicants submitted that although the sum of $1,195,354.42 was
labelled as a “deposit” under OTP 2, it amounted to approximately 63% of the
purchase price of the Property and was thus neither moderate nor customary. It
therefore could not be forfeited as a true deposit. In any event, the
Respondent was not expressly entitled to forfeit 20% of the purchase price of
$1,900,000 under any of the terms of OTP 2. The Applicants thus submitted that
the forfeiture of the sum of $1,195,354.42 became subject to the penalty rule
and was unenforceable as an extravagant and unconscionable penalty.
Furthermore, the Applicants submitted that the Respondent was not entitled to
set-off any fees or expenses and should have commenced a separate claim to
prove its damages, which the Applicants argued were unreasonable and
unsubstantiated. Accordingly, the Applicants submitted that the Respondent was
not entitled to any part of the $1,195,354.42, and that the Applicants were
entitled to pre-judgment interest on the entire sum pursuant to s 12(1) of the
Civil Law Act 1909 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “Civil Law Act”) for being wrongfully
kept out of use of the moneys. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicants’ Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at paras 35, 53, 79, 81–85,
and 103.

19 The Respondent submitted that despite having defaulted on both SPA 1 and
OTP 2, the Applicants were in effect attempting to convert their breaches of
contract into an interest bearing “fixed deposit account”. By claiming the
return of the full sum of $1,195,354.42 plus interest at 5.33% per annum, the
Applicants would be rewarded for their default and profit from what would
essentially be an advantageous “risk-free transaction”. The Respondent
submitted that only $380,000 had been forfeited, which represented 20% of the
purchase price. This was reasonable as earnest money and was thus forfeitable
as a true deposit. The Respondent was contractually entitled to forfeit
pursuant to Condition 15.9(c)(i) of the Conditions (“Condition 15.9(c)(i)”),
which empowered the Respondent to “forfeit and keep any deposit paid” by the
Applicants. The Respondent also submitted that it was entitled to equitable
set-off and that the court should direct an assessment of damages to determine
the quantum of damages to be set-off. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at paras 8, 59, 62-63, 87;
NE, 5 July 2023, at p 13.

Although the Respondent did not initially make detailed submissions on the
issue of pre-judgment interest, it developed its position on the applicable
period and quantum of pre-judgment interest in its further submissions. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Respondent’s Further Written Submissions dated 8 August 2023 at paras 60–62
and 64.

Issues determined

20 Consequently, the following issues arose for my determination:

(a) whether the Respondent was entitled to forfeit;

(b) whether Condition 15.9(c)(i) was a penalty;

(c) whether the Respondent was entitled to equitable set-off, and if so,
whether an assessment of damages should be directed; and

(d) whether the Applicants were entitled to interest.

Whether the Respondent was entitled to forfeit

21 Both parties agreed on the key legal principles governing the forfeiture of
deposits but disputed the application of those principles to the facts. Both
parties also agreed that in the context of a sale and purchase of real
property, 20% of the purchase price was the “magic number” and that a deposit
of such amount would be customary and moderate, and thus be forfeitable as a
true deposit. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Applicants’ Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at para 41.

22 Although the Applicants initially submitted that there was nothing in OTP 2
that entitled the Respondent to forfeit 20% of the purchase price of
$1,900,000, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Applicants’ Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at paras 50–53.

the Applicants subsequently agreed at the hearing that the Respondent had
purported to rely on the express right to forfeit under Condition 15.9(c)(i)
(at [10] above). The crux of the dispute was thus the proper interpretation of
Condition 15.9(c)(i). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE, 5 July 2023, at pp 7–8.

In particular, the issue was whether on a proper construction of Condition
15.9(c)(i), the Respondent was entitled forfeit such sum it considered
reasonable as a true deposit, namely 20% of the purchase price.

Applicants’ case

23 The Applicants submitted that the sum of $1,195,354.42, which was what the
parties had defined as a “deposit” under cl 1 of OTP 2 (at [9] above), was
extortionate and far in excess of the standard customary rate for deposits in
such transactions, which was 20% of the purchase price. As the sum that was
labelled as a “deposit” under OTP 2 amounted to approximately 63% of the
purchase price, it was disproportionate to what would have been reasonably
necessary to serve the function of earnest money.

24 The Applicants relied on the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal’s decision of
Polyset Ltd v Panhandat Ltd [2002] 3 HKLRD 319 (“Polyset”), where it was held
that the vendor was not entitled to forfeit a deposit representing 35% of the
purchase price. The Applicants also referred to the framework set out in the
leading case of Hon Chin Kong v Yip Fook Mun and another [2018] 3 SLR 534
(“Hon Chin Kong”). First, the Applicants submitted that the “deposit” of 63%
in OTP 2 was contrary to the parties’ prior dealings, as this was a departure
from the quantum of deposit stipulated under cl 7.4(d) of SPA 1, which had
been the “magic number” of 20% (at [4] above). Second, the Applicants
submitted that although a lengthier completion period could justify the need
for a larger quid pro quo (citing Polyset at [107]), the Respondent was only
required to keep the Property “off the market” for ten weeks from the exercise
of OTP 2. This was in contrast to the period of nine months in Polyset, which
therefore could not justify a higher quantum of deposit than was customary.
The Applicants therefore submitted that the sum of $1,195,354.42 should be
characterised as a part payment, the forfeiture of which was subject to the
penalty rule, rather than a true deposit. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Applicants’ Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at paras 40–49.

25 As for Condition 15.9(c)(i), the Applicants submitted that it only allowed
the Respondent to forfeit the entire quantum of “deposit” as defined in OTP 2
and not part of it. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Applicants’ Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at para 55.

According to the Applicants, interpreting the phrase “any deposit” to include
any lesser part of the sum stipulated by the parties in the contract as a
“deposit” would lead to arbitrariness and unacceptable uncertainty in a
contracting party’s liability or obligations, as they would not be able to
ascertain the maximum loss they would suffer in the event of termination. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE, 5 July 2023, at p 6.

26 On that premise, the Applicants submitted that the forfeiture of the entire
sum of $1,195,354.42 was extravagant and unconscionable in comparison with the
greatest loss that could conceivably be proved to have followed from the
Applicants’ breach and was not a genuine pre-estimate of loss. Accordingly,
the Respondent could not enforce Condition 15.9(c)(i) because it operated as a
penalty clause. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Applicants’ Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at paras 70–80.

27 In their further submissions, the Applicants applied a slightly different
approach despite having relied upon substantially the same arguments. The
Applicants submitted that the power of forfeiture under Condition 15.9(c)(i)
was limited only to deposits which have been determined to be true deposits as
a matter of law. According to the Applicants, no power to forfeit arose at all
once the court determines that the sum is not a true deposit. On the premise
that the sum of $1,195,354.42 was in fact a part payment, the Applicants
submitted that the Respondent could have no recourse to Condition 15.9(c)(i)
as the sum fell entirely outside its scope of operation. The key difference
between this submission and the Applicants’ earlier submission, was that the
Respondent could not rely on Condition 15.9(c)(i) at all. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Applicants’ Further Written Submissions dated 8 August 2023 at paras 8–16.

Respondent’s case

28 The Respondent submitted that it was contractually entitled to forfeit the
sum of $380,000 pursuant to Condition 15.9(c)(i). It was undisputed that the
Applicants had failed to comply with an effective notice to complete. The
Respondent was therefore expressly empowered to “forfeit and keep any deposit
paid” by the Applicants under Condition 15.9(c)(i) (at [10] above). The
Respondent submitted that the effect of the words “may” and “any” in Condition
15.9(c)(i) was that its power to forfeit was not limited to forfeiture of the
entire quantum of “deposit” as defined in OTP 2, but instead vested the
Respondent with the discretion to forfeit such lesser sum it considered
reasonable. The language of Condition 15.9(c)(i) was wide enough to encompass
the forfeiture of a lesser sum and could be distinguished from the type of
forfeiture clauses which provide that “the deposit shall be forfeited”.

29 The Respondent submitted that it had in fact only forfeited the sum of
$380,000, which amounted to 20% of the purchase price of $1,900,000, and never
purported to forfeit the sum of $1,195,354.42. The amount actually forfeited
was entirely consistent with the parties’ prior dealings under SPA 1.
Furthermore, the court should prefer an interpretation that upholds the
validity of a clause over an interpretation that would render the clause
invalid. The Respondent also highlighted that the Applicants had a history of
serial defaults prior to OTP 2 and were unquestionably aware that the
Respondent could and would forfeit reasonable deposits given what had
transpired following the termination of SPA 1. The Respondent had only granted
OTP 2 at the repeated request of the Applicants, who had portrayed themselves
as sincere and genuine purchasers. As a result of the Applicants’ repeated
breaches, the Property had been kept “off the market” for approximately three
years (5 December 2015 to 20 November 2018), and the Respondent only managed
to complete the sale of the Property in April 2021 after spending substantial
time and resources to find a substitute purchaser, some five years after the
grant of OTP 1. The Applicants had also delayed by waiting four and a half
years before making their formal demand on 21 March 2023. Accordingly, the
Respondent submitted that the forfeiture of the sum of $380,000 was reasonable
as a true deposit. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at paras 62–78.

Finally, the Respondent submitted that the penalty rule was not applicable to
true deposits, relying on Hon Chin Kong (at [123]). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at paras 79–80; NE, 5 July
2023, at pp 4-5.

Decision

Law on deposits

30 The law allows for the forfeiture of true deposits. Both parties agreed
that Hon Chin Kong sets out the proper approach to the forfeiture of a
contractual deposit. The framework may be summarised as follows (see Hon Chin
Kong at [140] and [143]):

(a) First, the court must determine whether the vendor had an express or
inferred power to forfeit on a proper construction of the contract. That a sum
was intended to be paid as a deposit usually leads to the inference that there
was the power to forfeit. If there was no power to forfeit, the sum must
generally be returned subject to any right of set-off for damages.

(b) Second, if there was a power to forfeit, the court must determine whether
the sum is a true deposit. A true deposit is a sum that is reasonable as an
earnest or is customary or moderate. It need not be a genuine pre-estimate of
loss and may be forfeited regardless of its proportionality or relation to any
actual loss occasioned. The touchstone of reasonableness looks at whether the
sum is “so large that it cannot be objectively justified by reference to the
functions which such a deposit properly serves”, assessed in the specific
context of the facts of each case. The court may have regard to any factors
relevant to the effectiveness of the true deposit as an earnest of
performance.

(c) Third, even if the sum is larger than the customary amount for the type of
transaction in question (if such a convention is discernible), the vendor may
show “special circumstances” to justify that amount.

(d) Fourth, if the sum is reasonable or otherwise justifiable, it may be
forfeited as a true deposit. Forfeiture of a true deposit is subject only to
relief against forfeiture (if available) and cannot be regarded as a penalty.
If the sum is not a true deposit, it will be characterised as a part payment.
The contractual power to forfeit remains exercisable subject to the penalty
rule.

31 A useful starting position in understanding the law on deposits is the
dicta of Lord Browne-Wilkinson in the Privy Council case of Workers Trust &
Merchant Bank Ltd v Dojap Investments Ltd [1993] AC 573 (“Workers Trust”) at
578D–578G:

In general, a contractual provision which requires one party in the event of
his breach of the contract to pay or forfeit a sum of money to the other party
is unlawful as being a penalty, unless such provision can be justified as
being a payment of liquidated damages being a genuine pre-estimate of the loss
which the innocent party will incur by reason of the breach. One exception to
this general rule is the provision for the payment of a deposit by the
purchaser on a contract for the sale of land. Ancient law has established that
the forfeiture of such a deposit … does not fall within the general rule and
can be validly forfeited even though the amount of the deposit bears no
reference to the anticipated loss to the vendor flowing from the breach of
contract.

… The special treatment afforded to such a deposit derives from the ancient
custom of providing an earnest for the performance of a contract in the form
of giving either some physical token of earnest (such as a ring) or earnest
money …

[emphasis added]

32 The effect of this is that a deposit is forfeitable even if it exceeds the
amount of loss actually arising or anticipated to arise from the breach.
Bokhary PJ expounded upon this distinction in Polyset (at [10]):

Provided that what the vendor takes as a deposit is within the bounds of an
earnest of performance, it will constitute a true deposit. As such, it will be
forfeited to the vendor if the purchaser wrongfully fails to perform his part
of the bargain. This is so even if the vendor’s loss is less than the deposit.
It is so even if the vendor suffers no loss at all. Indeed, it is so even if
the vendor makes a profit by selling the property to someone else at a higher
price. If the vendor’s loss exceeds the deposit, he is of course entitled to
recover the full extent of his loss, giving credit for the deposit forfeited
to him.

[emphasis added]

33 Unlike liquidated damages, which are intended to be a genuine pre-estimate
of loss, the primary purpose of a deposit is not to compensate for anticipated
damages. Instead, a deposit serves the dual purpose of signalling the good
faith commitment of a purchaser and of securing the due performance of the
contract. It dissuades purchasers who lack earnest. This is why it is said
that disallowing forfeiture would enable the defaulting purchaser to escape
from the bargain struck by the parties and thereby “take advantage of his own
wrong” (Hon Chin Kong at [49] and [124]–[127]).

34 However, to avoid the circumvention of the penalty rule, the parties’
designation of a sum as a “deposit” cannot be conclusive (Hon Chin Kong at
[130]). While the fact that the parties have defined or stipulated that a sum
in a contract is a “deposit” will be relevant to the determination of whether
there is an inferred power to forfeit (at [30(a)] above), the validity of the
forfeiture itself engages a different inquiry. To be a forfeitable true
deposit, the sum must satisfy the touchstone of reasonableness. The sum must
not be so large that it cannot be objectively justified by what is reasonably
necessary to serve effectively as earnest moneys. This is not the same as
asking whether the sum is a genuine pre-estimate of loss. In Hon Chin Kong at
[143(d)], Kannan Ramesh J (as he then was) said: “Ultimately, the question of
reasonableness is one for the court to assess on the facts of each case”. Some
relevant factors include the history of dealing between the parties, their
financial means, the degree of commitment required on the part of the vendor
to keep the property “off the market” for the duration of the sale in light of
the prevailing market conditions (Hon Chin Kong at [143(d)]; Polyset at
[102]–[107]), and the circumstances in which the figure was derived (see the
High Court decision of TG Master Pte Ltd v Tung Kee Development (Singapore)
Pte Ltd and another [2022] SGHC 316 at [97]). In addition, I also considered
the parties’ relative bargaining power to be another relevant factor. This
factor, while not explicitly mentioned in Hon Chin Kong or Polyset, is
consistent with the character of the non-exhaustive factors mentioned by
Ramesh J. Taking into account the relative bargaining power of the parties is
also consistent with established contractual principles (see, for example, in
the context of the penalty rule, Denka Advantech Pte Ltd and another v Seraya
Energy Pte Ltd and another and other appeals [2021] 1 SLR 631 (“Denka”) at
[173] and Polyset at [103]-[104]). In short, the context will be key.

35 As for the interaction between the law on deposits and the penalty rule, I
agreed with the view of Kannan Ramesh J (as he then was) in Hon Chin Kong (at
[123]) that the penalty rule does not apply to true deposits. This is so
especially in light of the Court of Appeal’s reaffirmation in Denka at [152]
that the penalty rule is directed at secondary obligations which purport to
be, but are not, a genuine pre-estimate of loss. As set out in the Hon Chin
Kong framework (at [30] above), if the sum is found to be forfeitable as a
true deposit, no question of penalty will arise.

36 However, if the sum is far in excess of what would be reasonably necessary
to serve effectively as earnest moneys, the sum will be characterised as a
part payment. This does not automatically entitle the purchaser to claim for
the return of the part payment where the vendor has an express contractual
power to forfeit. To avoid forfeiture in the case of an express forfeiture
clause, the purchaser must go on to show that the forfeiture clause falls foul
of the penalty rule (Hon Chin Kong at [136] and [140]).

The Respondent had the power to forfeit under Condition 15.9(c)(i)

37 The parties’ respective submissions began from different focal points.
While the Applicants focused their analysis on the sum that was defined as a
“deposit” in cl 1 of OTP 2, ie, the sum of $1,195,354.42, the Respondent
focused on the sum that was actually forfeited, ie, the sum of $380,000.
Notably, the Respondent did not at any point assert that forfeiture of the sum
of $1,195,354.42, amounting to 63% of the purchase price, would be customary
or moderate as an earnest. In my view, the determinative question was hence
whether the Respondent was entitled to forfeit $380,000 (amounting to 20% of
the purchase price under OTP 2).

38 I held that the Respondent was entitled to forfeit the sum of $380,000
pursuant to Condition 15.9(c)(i). Prior to the Applicants’ further submissions
(at [27] above), it was undisputed that Condition 15.9(c)(i) was potentially
applicable. In my view, as it was undisputed that OTP 2 had been terminated
following an effective notice to complete, the Respondent had the contractual
power under Condition 15.9(c)(i) to “forfeit and keep any deposit paid” by the
Applicants, “without prejudice to any other rights or remedies available to
[the Respondent] at law or in equity” (at [10] above).

39 As the Conditions do not set out a definition for “deposit”, the power to
forfeit in Condition 15.9(c)(i) must be construed together with cl 1 of OTP 2,
which defined “deposit” to mean the sum of $1,195,354.42 (at [9] above). The
parties’ submissions diverged on whether Condition 15.9(c)(i) entitled the
Respondent to forfeit $380,000 as a true deposit, being a lesser part of this
designated “deposit”, or whether it restricted the Respondent to forfeiture of
only the entire quantum. As noted, the Respondent did not take the position
that it was forfeiting the entire sum of $1,195,354.42, either prior to the
commencement of proceedings or in its written and oral submissions.
Furthermore, while both parties agreed that the operation of the penalty rule
on a contractual clause was all or nothing, no such limitation was imposed in
the case of true deposits. The parties therefore agreed that the primary issue
was the proper construction of Condition 15.9(c)(i). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE, 5 July 2023, at p 8.

40 On a plain reading of Condition 15.9(c)(i), I agreed with the Respondent
that the phrase “any deposit” supported an interpretation of Condition
15.9(c)(i) that entitled the Respondent the discretion to forfeit a lesser
part of the sum that was designated as a “deposit” in OTP 2. The language used
was wide enough to allow the Respondent to choose to forfeit the sum of
$380,000, being part of the $1,195,354.42 that had been designated as a
“deposit”.

41 The Applicants focused on the sum of $1,195,354.42 because they had
submitted that Condition 15.9(c)(i) would only allow the Respondent to forfeit
the entire quantum of “deposit” as labelled under the contract. However, the
Applicants accepted that the plain language of the clause was potentially
broad enough to cover forfeiture of a lesser part. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE, 5 July 2023, at p 9, lines 4–5.

Indeed, the Applicants were unable to explain how their proposed
interpretation could be workable in a case where the purchaser defaults on its
contractual obligations and fails to make full payment of the amount
stipulated under the contract as a “deposit”. The Respondent had raised as an
illustrative example a case where a purchaser paid only 5% of the purchase
price towards a deposit, in breach of their obligation to furnish the
stipulated amount of 20% of the purchase price. When asked whether this breach
by the purchaser would disentitle the vendor from forfeiting any lesser
amount, such as the 5% that was actually paid by the purchaser, the Applicants
only suggested that such a situation would be “highly unusual” and ultimately
agreed that the vendor would be entitled to keep such lesser part of the
stipulated “deposit” that was actually received. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE, 5 July 2023, at p 10.

To construe Condition 15.9(c)(i) in the way contended by the Applicants would
have led to an absurd result in such situations. More fundamentally, a
defaulting purchaser would be able to avoid the agreed upon consequences of
their breach by relying upon their own wrongful conduct, defeating the purpose
of a deposit as a security for performance. Given the breadth of the phrase
“any deposit”, I could not accept the Applicants’ submission.

42 I also did not accept the Applicants’ submission that arbitrariness and
uncertainty would result from the Respondent’s interpretation of Condition
15.9(c)(i). The conditions for the Applicants’ liability to arise under
Condition 15.9(c)(i) were wholly unambiguous: the Applicants would be liable
should they fail to comply with an effective notice to complete served by the
Respondent. The ceiling of the Applicants’ liability was also certain: the
Respondent could not purport to forfeit under Condition 15.9(c)(i) any sum
greater than the sum stipulated as the “deposit”. In coming to this
conclusion, I also considered the High Court decision of Goh Liang Yong Jonah
and another v Heng Kuek Hoy and another [2013] SGHC 203 (“Goh Liang Yong
Jonah”), which was cited by the Applicants. There, the court opined that a
clause that was materially identical to Condition 15.9(c)(i) could be
construed to envisage and encompass the payment of further deposits in
addition to what had been stipulated as a “deposit” by the parties under the
contract. The analysis ultimately depended upon what the parties had agreed
between themselves (Goh Liang Yong Jonah at [33]). While not directly relevant
to the issue at hand, in my view, Goh Liang Yong Jonah, only further
exemplified the wide drafting of Condition 15.9(c)(i). It did not support the
Applicants’ proposition that the Respondent could only forfeit the entirety of
such amount stipulated as a “deposit” under the contract.

43 I also did not accept the Applicants’ alternative interpretation of
Condition 15.9(c)(i), which they made in their further submissions (at [27]
above), that the power of forfeiture under Condition 15.9(c)(i) was limited
only to deposits which have been determined to be true deposits as a matter of
law. This submission was premised on the sum of $1,195,354.42 being
characterised as a part payment, as the starting point of analysis. However,
this ignored the plain language of Condition 15.9(c)(i), which refers to “any”
deposit. As set out above, this allowed the Respondent to forfeit part of the
$1,195,354.42 (that was labelled as a “deposit” in OTP 2). The Applicants’
alternative submission inverted the Hon Chin Kong framework (at [30] above) by
bringing forward the true deposit analysis and presupposed a finding in their
favour. However, the first step of the analysis was to determine whether a
contractual power to forfeit existed, and if so, the scope of that power. It
is only thereafter that the court would analyse whether the sum was a true
deposit, which goes to the determination of whether the forfeiture was valid
(Hon Chin Kong at [143]). The Respondent sought to forfeit $380,000. I had
found that this would fall within the scope of their power to forfeit under
Condition 15.9(c)(i). If this sum was a true deposit, the right to forfeit
would have been validly exercised, subject to relief against forfeiture where
available (Hon Chin Kong at [140]).

The forfeited sum was a true deposit

44 Having decided that the Respondent had the power to forfeit under Condition
15.9(c)(i), the next step was to determine whether the forfeited sum was a
true deposit. I held that the sum of $380,000 had been validly forfeited as a
true deposit.

45 This was in light of the parties’ agreement that 20% of the purchase price
was the “magic number” (at [21] above).

46 In addition, I was also satisfied that the forfeited sum of $380,000 met
the touchstone of reasonableness on the facts of this case. This sum was not
so large that it could not be objectively justified by what was reasonably
necessary to serve effectively as earnest moneys. On the contrary, I found
that it was amply justified. Indeed, in my view, to disallow forfeiture in the
circumstances of this case would be to allow the Applicants to take advantage
of their own wrong.

47 First, it was undisputed that the Applicants had repeatedly breached their
obligations under both SPA 1 and OTP 2, despite repeated reminders from the
Respondent. It was therefore reasonable for the Respondent to require some
assurance of the Applicants’ earnestness. It was undisputed that the
Respondent was an innocent party and had in fact granted the Applicants
multiple extensions of time notwithstanding the Applicants’ repeated failure
to complete. The Respondent was not obliged to do this and had extended this
courtesy after repeated pleas by the Applicants, who had claimed to be genuine
and sincere purchasers. The Applicants had also procured the grant of OTP 2 on
this basis. Nevertheless, the Applicants still failed to complete OTP 2.

48 Second, the quantum of 20% of the purchase price was reasonable given the
contractual rights that had accrued to the Respondent. After the termination
of SPA 1, it was undisputed that the Respondent had validly forfeited the
$357,000 deposit paid under that contract. The Respondent had only agreed to
credit this sum towards the option fee payable for OTP 2 after the Applicants
had pleaded for a second chance to purchase the Property. This was explicitly
recorded in the preamble to OTP 2 (at [7] above). Furthermore, as a matter of
law, I noted that the Respondent was absolutely entitled to the $357,000 as
that sum had been paid as consideration for the grant of OTP 2 itself, as
explicitly set out in cl A of OTP 2 (at [7] above (see the Court of Appeal
decision of Aqua Art Pte Ltd v Goodman Development (S) Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR
865 at [34])). The Applicants were, therefore, not in any event entitled to
demand the return of the full sum of $1,195,354.42.

49 More importantly, the sum of $380,000, representing 20% of the purchase
price under OTP 2, was consistent with the parties’ course of dealing under
SPA 1, where the Respondent was entitled to forfeit the sum of $357,000
pursuant to cl 7.4(d) of SPA 1, being 20% of the purchase price under SPA 1. I
thus agreed with the Respondent that the Applicants had to have known and
agreed that 20% of the purchase price represented a reasonable sum that could
be forfeited as a true deposit. The Applicants never contended that forfeiture
of the $357,000 deposit under SPA 1 would have been improper.

50 Third, it was undisputed that both parties were legally represented and had
engaged in “fairly extensive negotiations” leading up to the conclusion of OTP
2. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Affidavit of Li Jialin dated 25 April 2023 at para 52; Respondent’s Written
Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at paras 32, 57–58.

It was also clear from the evidence, in particular the correspondence between
the parties (at [6] above), that the sum of $1,195,354.42 was intended (in a
literal sense) to be earnest money to demonstrate the Applicants’ commitment
to the purchase and to prove that they were sincere and genuine,
notwithstanding their failure to complete SPA 1. It was in this context that
OTP 2 had been drafted and granted. The circumstances showed that the
Applicants were not an unadvised and ignorant party, but had instead
negotiated for OTP 2, which was bespoke in comparison to SPA 1. As neither
party contended that the sum of $1,195,354.42 constituted a true deposit in
law, I expressed no view on that point. It sufficed for present purposes that,
having put up the money to signal their commitment to the purchase of the
Property, the Applicants could not contend that forfeiture of $380,000, being
a lesser part of that sum, was unreasonable.

51 I therefore held that the Respondent was entitled to forfeit under
Condition 15.9(c)(i) the sum of $380,000 as a true deposit.

Whether Condition 15.9(c)(i) was a penalty

52 As stated, under the framework set out in Hon Chin Kong, the penalty rule
would not be applicable if the forfeiture was of a true deposit. As I had
found that the Respondent was entitled to forfeit the sum of $380,000 as a
true deposit, the issue of whether Condition 15.9(c)(i) was a penalty became
academic.

53 For completeness, I did not accept the Applicants’ alternative argument,
which emerged in their further submissions, that Condition 15.9(c)(i) would
have been subject to the penalty rule regardless of whether the Respondent was
entitled to forfeit a true deposit. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Applicants’ Further Written Submissions dated 8 August 2023 at paras 24–35.

As stated, the penalty rule did not apply to true deposits. True deposits need
not be a genuine pre-estimate of loss and may be forfeited regardless of the
actual loss caused by the breach. To apply the penalty rule to true deposits
would depart from its purpose of serving as earnest moneys and defeat the very
concept of deposits.

Whether the Respondent was entitled to set-off

Respondent’s case

54 The Respondent submitted that it was entitled to set-off fees and expenses
of $326,243.07 incurred in preparation of and following from the abortive
transaction, relying on the Court of Appeal decision of Pacific Rim
Investments Pte Ltd v Lam Seng Tiong and another [1995] 2 SLR(R) 643 (“Pacific
Rim Investments”) and the High Court decision of Wingcrown Investment Pte Ltd
v Mannepalli Gayatri Ram [2023] SGHC 1 (“Mannepalli Gayatri Ram”). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at paras 44, 81–88.

At the hearing, the Respondent relied on Workers Trust at 582H–583B to submit
that if the evidence before the court was not sufficient, there can be an
order for an assessment of damages conducted by an Assistant Registrar. The
Respondent also submitted that it was entitled to temporarily retain the sum
of $326,243.07, in the event that such an assessment was ordered. The
Respondent highlighted that the Applicants were not resident in jurisdiction,
which could cause the Respondent difficulties in making and enforcing a
separate claim. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE, 5 July 2023, at p 13.

Applicants’ case

55 The Applicants denied that the Respondent had any valid counterclaim and
submitted that the Respondent was not entitled to set-off the claimed fees and
expenses. First, the Applicants contended that the Respondent should be made
to commence a separate claim for damages. Second, the Applicants argued that
insufficient evidence had been tendered to prove the Respondent’s loss and
damages, and that causation had not been established. Finally, the Applicants
asserted that the Respondent’s claims were unreasonable and unsubstantiated.
38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Applicants’ Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at paras 102–123;
Applicants’ Further Written Submissions dated 8 August 2023 at para 61.

Decision

56 After considering the parties’ respective submissions, I held that the
Respondent was entitled in principle to an equitable set-off and directed that
the matter of the Respondent’ claims for expenses be determined at an
assessment of damages before an Assistant Registrar. I elaborate on my reasons
below.

57 I found that the Respondent’s reliance on Mannepalli Gayatri Ram was
misplaced. In that case, the vendor was the party that had brought the claim
against the purchaser and had not relied upon any set-off.

58 However, I did accept that the Respondent was entitled to an equitable set-
off in principle. In Hon Chin Kong, it was held at [143(b)] that if the sum
was never intended to be forfeitable on a proper construction of the contract,
it must be returned subject to a right of set-off for damages. The Court of
Appeal also held in Pacific Rim Investments at [35]–[38] that there may an
equitable right of set-off, if such right was not expressly excluded by
contract and equitable considerations supported such an exercise. In this
case, Condition 15.9(c)(i) did not expressly exclude equitable set-off and
instead expressly preserved rights or remedies available to the Respondent at
law or in equity. The Respondent had a valid counterclaim as it was undisputed
that the Applicants had breached OTP 2. The claims asserted by the Respondent
arose from the same transaction and were closely linked to the Applicants’
claim. I thus found that the Respondent was entitled to the self-help remedy
of set-off. However, the Respondent must adduce sufficient evidence to
substantiate its claims. Unlike the claim in Mannepalli Gayatri Ram, which had
been fully ventilated, there was further evidence to be adduced and tested in
court. I therefore considered it apposite to direct that the Respondent apply
for an assessment of damages (Workers Trust at 582H–583B).

59 I agreed with the Respondent that the sum of $326,243.07 should be retained
by the Respondent pending the conclusion of the assessment of damages. The
Applicants also accepted that this was the most practical course of action. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Applicants’ Further Written Submissions dated 8 August 2023 at para 55.

In the context of disputes over deposits, the court may allow the retention of
a sum against which a claim for damages may be set-off (Hon Chin Kong at
[107(c)] and [143(b)]). In Workers Trust, the Privy Council allowed the
retention of a fund from which damages could be claimed because it appeared
that the vendor “may have suffered some damage as a result of the purchaser's
failure to complete” (at 582H–583A). Here, although I found the evidence of
damages at the hearing somewhat tentative, I was likewise satisfied that the
Respondent should be allowed to retain the sum of $326,243.07 pending the
conclusion of the assessment of damages.

Whether the Applicants were entitled to interest

60 The final issue was whether the Applicants were entitled to interest. As I
have held that the Respondent was entitled to forfeit the sum of $380,000 as a
true deposit, the Applicants were not entitled to any interest on that sum.
The issue of interest thus arose only in relation to two sums. First, the sum
of $488,957.04 that had been repaid to the Applicants on 19 April 2023.
Second, the sum of $326,243.07 that was retained by the Respondent pending the
conclusion of the assessment of damages.

Applicants’ case

61 The Applicants submitted that they were entitled to interest on the entire
sum of $1,195,354.42 at a rate of 5.33% per annum, with interest running from
the date that OTP 2 was terminated, 20 November 2018, until the date of
repayment. Of this total, interest on the sum of $488,957.04 was to run from
20 November 2018 to 19 April 2023, and interest on the balance moneys in the
hands of the Respondent was to run until the date of full repayment.

62 The Applicants sought to be compensated by way of interest, on the basis
that they had been wrongly held out of money to which they were entitled.
Relying on the Court of Appeal decision of Grains and Industrial Products
Trading Pte Ltd v Bank of India and another [2016] 3 SLR 1308 (“Grains and
Industrial Products”) at [138], the Applicants submitted that interest should
be awarded for the period starting from the date of their entitlement to the
money until the date the money was repaid. The Applicants submitted that they
were entitled to pre-judgment interest during the period starting from the
date the cause of action arose to the date of judgment pursuant to s 12(1) of
the Civil Law Act. The Applicants also argued that they had not been dilatory
in bringing these proceedings, as they had written letters of appeal to the
Respondent from 1 March 2019 (at [13] above).

63 As for the rate of interest, the Applicants submitted that the rate of
5.33% per annum should be applied. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Applicants’ Written Submissions dated 28 June 2023 at paras 81–101.

According to the Applicants, the Respondent had failed to provide an
evidential basis supporting the rate of interest they proposed, citing the
High Court decision of Noor Azlin bte Abdul Rahman and another v Changi
General Hospital Pte Ltd and others [2021] SGHC 10 (“Noor Azlin”) at [222]. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Applicants’ Further Written Submissions dated 8 August 2023 at paras 66–67.

Respondent’s case

64 The Respondent submitted that no interest should be awarded on any moneys
found payable to the Applicants out of the retained sum of $326,243.07. If the
Respondent is found to have over-deducted the quantum of money it was entitled
to set-off at the assessment of damages, it nevertheless ought not be required
to pay interest as the Respondent had acted reasonably and in good faith in
its estimation of its set-off. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Respondent’s Further Written Submissions dated 8 August 2023 at para 44.

65 The Respondent also submitted that the period of interest should begin on
10 April 2023, the date on which the Respondent actually exercised the power
to forfeit, or on 21 March 2023, the date on which the Applicants first
formally demanded the return of the entire sum. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE, 5 July 2023, at pp 11–12.

66 Finally, the Respondent submitted that the rate of 5.33% per annum should
not be applied. This was because the Respondent itself did not and could not
have earned interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum. Instead, the Respondent
submitted that a rate of 1.28% per annum was more appropriate, being derived
from the average annual rate of interest income the Respondent actually
received on its other funds during the equivalent period. Alternatively, the
Respondent submitted that the issue of the applicable rate of interest should
be dealt with by the Assistant Registrar hearing the assessment of damages,
where submissions and evidence could be tendered. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondent’s Further Written Submissions dated 8 August 2023 at paras 60–62
and 64.

Decision

67 Three distinct issues were engaged. First, whether interest should be
awarded. Second, if interest was awarded, the applicable rate of interest.
Third, the period for which any interest should be awarded.

68 I agreed with the Applicants that they ought to be compensated for being
kept out of use of moneys to which they were entitled, in the form of interest
on that amount. I therefore rejected the Respondent’s submission that no
interest should be awarded on any moneys found payable to the Applicants out
of the retained sum of $326,243.07.

69 The court has a wide discretion to award pre-judgment interest under s 12
of the Civil Law Act. Pre-judgment interest serves to compensate a successful
claimant for the time value of money, the use of which was lost between the
date on which the cause of action arose and the date of the judgment. In other
words, pre-judgment interest recognises that the claimant had been wrongfully
kept out of moneys by the defendant, who had enjoyed the use of it during that
period. However, a claimant is not entitled to interest as of right, and the
court is entitled to exercise its discretion in the manner best able to
achieve justice in the circumstances of each case. Nevertheless, interest
would generally be awarded if the claimant succeeds at proving that it had
been wrongly held out of money to which it was entitled (Grains and Industrial
Products at [137]–[138] and [142]).

70 In Grains and Industrial Products, the Court of Appeal identified a non-
exhaustive list of factors that the court could consider in the exercise of
its discretion (at [140]):

(a) in the absence of a prescribed rate, what rate of interest would be
appropriate to the relevant period(s);

(b) whether the claimant was dilatory in the bringing and conduct of the
proceedings;

(c) whether the claimant had received compensation for the loss suffered from
a source other than the defendant;

(d) whether the claimant had sought and been awarded damages which include
damages for the loss of the use of money;

(e) whether the debt is paid immediately after proceedings are commenced; and

(f) whether the parties have agreed that pre-judgment interest should not be
recoverable.

71 In my judgment, interest must be awarded on the sum of $488,957.04. The
Respondent did not dispute that it was not entitled to this sum and had in
fact already returned it to the Applicants on 19 April 2023.

72 Interest must also be paid on the net sum found payable to the Applicants
out of the retained sum of $326,243.07, if any, after the conclusion of the
assessment of damages. In line with the rationale and purpose of pre-judgment
interest, the Applicants are only entitled to be compensated interest on such
sum that is found to have belonged to them (in other words, moneys the
Respondent ought not to have claimed as set-off). If the Respondent is found
to have properly set-off the entire sum of $326,243.07, the Respondent is
entitled to retain that entire sum and the Applicants cannot be said to have
been wrongfully kept out of use of the moneys.

73 I did not accept the Respondent’s submission that no interest should be
awarded on any sum found payable to the Applicants. First, it was the
Respondent who had not been ready to fully substantiate their claim for
expenses with sufficient evidence at the time of the hearing and it was the
Respondent who had asked for the assessment of damages. Second, the onus is
now on the Respondent to make the application for an assessment of damages.
Hence, the Respondent ought to bear the cost of keeping the Applicants out of
use of money that the Applicants are entitled to, in the form of interest.

74 The next issue was the period for which interest was to accrue, which was
similarly a matter of discretion. Although any interest awarded should
generally run from the date the loss accrued, the court retains a wide
discretion to award interest from a later date, such as where there has been
an unjustifiable delay on the part of the claimant in bringing the claim (see
the High Court decision of Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd v Jurong Primewide Pte
Ltd and other appeals [2023] 1 SLR 536 at [219]). The discretion to determine
the appropriate period to award pre-judgment interest is also found in s 12(1)
of the Civil Law Act, which provides:

In any proceedings tried in any court of record for the recovery of any debt
or damages, the court may, if it thinks fit, order that there shall be
included in the sum for which judgment is given interest at such rate as it
thinks fit on the whole or any part of the debt or damages for the whole or
any part of the period between the date when the cause of action arose and the
date of the judgment.

[emphasis added]

Accordingly, the general approach of awarding interest from the date the loss
accrued is only the default starting point that represents the maximum period
for which pre-judgment interest may be awarded (see the Court of Appeal
decision of Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd and
another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 at [100]).

75 I did not accept the Respondent’s submissions on the starting date for the
interest period. Although I accepted the force behind their submission that a
demand for the return of the deposit had to be sufficiently clear, I did not
accept their submission that such clarity could only be found in the form of a
formal letter of demand from a party’s solicitors. The Respondent had
submitted that interest should only accrue from 21 March 2023, the date of the
formal letter of demand issued by the Applicants’ solicitors. While the
correspondence from the Applicants, which had been drafted by their
solicitors, had used language such as “appeal and entreat” and not the
language of a formal demand, the Applicants had nevertheless made clear that
they were asking the Respondent to refund “the money of SGD$1,195,354.42 that
[the Applicants] had paid todate [sic]” (at [13] above). It was hence
sufficiently clear that the Applicants were asking for the return of the
deposit in this letter. Not all purchasers may be able to avail themselves of
the services of legal counsel. As a matter of general principle, the form of
the demand or the use of specific language cannot be determinative, provided
that there is sufficient clarity in what the purchaser is seeking. In my view,
the Applicants had made it sufficiently clear in their letter dated 1 March
2019 that they were seeking the return of the sum of $1,195,354.42.

76 I thus awarded interest on the sum of $488,957.04, for the period starting
on 2 March 2019 to 18 April 2023. As for any sum found payable to the
Applicants after the conclusion of the assessment of damages, I awarded
interest on such sum to be calculated from 2 March 2019 to the date of
payment.

77 In relation to the applicable rate of interest, the Applicants had relied
upon Noor Azlin in support of their submission that the rate of 5.33% per
annum should be applied. I noted that the court in Noor Azlin had reached its
conclusion in that case because of the lack of any explanation for why a
different rate of interest was justified (Noor Azlin at [222]). In this case,
the Respondent had contended that it could not have earned interest at the
rate of 5.33% per annum on the retained sums and was seeking to prove its
actual annual income rate. This would more properly reflect the consequences
of being kept out of use of the money. I considered it fair to allow the
Respondent the opportunity to develop its stance on the appropriate rate of
interest at the assessment of damages, bearing in mind that no substantive
submissions had yet been made on this issue.

Conclusion

78 To conclude, I held that the Respondent was entitled to forfeit the sum of
$380,000 as a true deposit. The Respondent is to apply for an assessment of
damages to determine the amount it may set-off against the retained sum of
$326,243.07. The rate of interest to be applied to the repaid sum of
$488,957.04 as well as for any sum determined to be payable to the Applicants
after the set-off is also to be determined at the assessment of damages.

79 The Respondent had submitted that the issue of costs of the hearing may be
affected by the eventual orders made at the assessment of damages, in light of
a without prejudice letter, and asked that it be decided by the Assistant
Registrar hearing the assessment of damages. I accepted this submission and
made no order on costs, reserving it to the Assistant Registrar hearing the
assessment. As for the hearing of further arguments, I fixed costs in favour
of the Respondent at $9,000, including disbursements.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Sara Ng Qian Hui and Benaiah Lim Oon Kuan (Covenant Chambers LLC) for the
applicants;

Tay Yong Seng and Toh Jia Jing Vivian (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Sep 2023 (09:44 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

