Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 238

Registrar’s Appeal (State Courts) No 4 of 2023

Between

| Blomberg, Johan Daniel  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Khan Zhi Yan  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Protection from Harassment Court Originating Application No 9
of 2022

Between

| Khan Zhi Yan  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Blomberg, Johan Daniel  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Judgments and orders]

[Civil Procedure — Amendments — Orders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Blomberg, Johan Daniel

  
v

  

Khan Zhi Yan

[2023] SGHC 238

General Division of the High Court — Protection from Harassment Court
Originating Application No 9 of 2022 (Registrar’s Appeal (State Court) No 4 of
2023)  
See Kee Oon J  
3 July 2023

30 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the learned District Judge’s (“DJ”) decision to
set aside an order of court, made by the parties’ consent, under the
Protection from Harassment Act (Cap 256A, 2015 Rev Ed) (the “POHA”) on the
basis of its imprecise terms and wide ambit.

2 The appellant, Mr Johan Daniel Blomberg (“Mr Blomberg”), and the respondent,
Ms Khan Zhi Yan (“Ms Khan”) are ex-spouses. They are involved in ongoing court
proceedings in Singapore and Sweden, including proceedings under the
Guardianship of Infants Act 1934 (2020 Rev Ed) in the Family Justice Courts
(“FJC”).

Procedural history

The Consent Order

3 Mr Blomberg commenced DC/PHA 93/2020 against Ms Khan seeking, inter alia, a
protection order to prohibit her from making any false accusations or any
false police reports against him. In his supporting affidavit dated 15 August
2020, Mr Blomberg alleged that Ms Khan had committed various acts of
harassment against him, which included making false statements and/or police
reports. The claim was settled when the parties obtained an Order of Court by
consent dated 10 May 2021 (DC/ORC 1737/2021) (the “Consent Order”), which
states as follows:

1\. Without admission of liability in DC/PHA 93 of 2020, [Ms Khan] (either in
person or through any third party acting under her instructions or
authorization) hereby undertakes not to make or file any statement or report
in respect of [Mr Blomberg] in any court, or to any local or overseas public
authority, by any means, and in any form or manner, and agrees that any breach
of this undertaking will constitute a breach by [Ms Khan] of the relevant
provisions of the Protection from Harassment Act so as to entitle [Mr
Blomberg] to obtain a Protection Order against [Ms Khan] based on the
aforesaid breach. However, [Ms Khan] may apply and seek the leave of any court
to make or file any statement or report in respect of [Mr Blomberg] in any
court, or to any local or overseas public authority, if [Ms Khan] has at least
prima facie evidence to satisfy the court considering [Ms Khan]'s application
for leave and such leave is granted by the aforesaid court.

[(“Paragraph 1”)]

2\. In consideration of [Ms Khan]'s undertaking in paragraph 1 above, [Mr
Blomberg] hereby undertakes not to take any action in respect of any breach by
[Ms Khan] of the expedited protection order dated 19 August 2020, or any
action or conduct related to the proceedings in DC/PHA 93 of 2020, and will
also take no further action in respect of [Ms Khan]'s acts and conduct prior
to this Order.

3\. Both parties (either in person or through any third party acting under
their respective instructions or authorization) undertake not to use any
information related to the expedited protection order dated 19 August 2020, or
any action or conduct related to the proceedings in DC/PHA 93 of 2020, in any
court, or to any local or overseas public authority or any private entity, and
any breach by either party of this undertaking will constitute a breach of the
relevant provisions of the Protection from Harassment Act so as to entitle the
aggrieved party to obtain a Protection Order against the other party based on
the aforesaid breach.

The application to set aside the Consent Order

4 On 10 June 2022, Ms Khan applied in PHC/OA 9/2022 for the Consent Order to
be set aside ab initio or on such terms as the court deems fit. Her
application was allowed on 3 October 2022.

Ms Khan’s case

5 Ms Khan argued that the court should set aside the Consent Order by
exercising its power under s 12(7) of the POHA, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Ms Khan’s Supplementary Skeletal Submissions dated 29 September 2022 in the
court below (“Ms Khan’s Second Submissions below”) at paras 10–11.

which provides as follows:

Protection order

…

(7) The court may, on the application of the victim or a relevant party, vary,
suspend or cancel the protection order or extend the duration of the
protection order.

6 Ms Khan argued below that the ambit of the Consent Order was too wide
because it barred her from filing any report or statement or taking out any
application in any court anywhere in the world. This led to ambiguity and
uncertainty concerning its applicability and, accordingly, the Consent Order
was unenforceable. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ms Khan’s Skeletal Submissions dated 31 August 2022 in the court below (“Ms
Khan’s First Submissions below”) at paras 11, 12 and 17.

It was also “plainly wrong and an abuse of the due process [of any] overseas
jurisdiction” that the Consent Order curtailed her actions in other countries.
3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ms Khan’s Second Submissions below at para 20.

Furthermore, it prevented her from filing a police report notwithstanding that
this was her fundamental right and might need to be done with haste. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ms Khan’s First Submissions below at paras 13 and 15; Ms Khan’s Second
Submissions below at para 22.

It might also require the court to wrongfully usurp the powers of the Police
and the Attorney-General’s Chambers. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ms Khan’s First Submissions below at para 14.

Ms Khan also pointed out that the Consent Order required her to seek leave
before filing applications in the FJC, despite the fact that the FJC might be
best placed to deal with such matters. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ms Khan’s First Submissions below at para 16.

7 In addition, in the 16 months since the Consent Order had been made, Mr
Blomberg had not alleged any instance of Ms Khan violating the Consent Order
and it would not prejudice him if it were to be set aside. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ms Khan’s First Submissions below at para 21; Ms Khan’s Second Submissions
below at para 8.

She argued that Mr Blomberg did not need the protection of the Consent Order
and he had instead weaponised the Consent Order for his own benefit. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ms Khan’s First Submissions below at para 21; Ms Khan’s Second Submissions
below at para 30.

8 Ms Khan argued additionally that since Mr Blomberg had applied
unsuccessfully for a protection order based on the Consent Order, the Consent
Order was therefore spent. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ms Khan’s Second Submissions below at para 5.

She also argued that the Consent Order was “only valid until there is a breach
of the undertaking” and was hence spent. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ms Khan’s Second Submissions below at paras 17–18.

Further, allowing the Consent Order to remain in place indefinitely would mean
that Mr Blomberg benefits from it without proving his case for a protection
order; 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Ms Khan’s Second Submissions below at paras 6–7.

Ms Khan contended that either the court should exercise its powers under s
12(7) of the POHA or Mr Blomberg should apply to take the Consent Order “to a
full trial or hearing to determine if [a protection order] was warranted”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ms Khan’s Second Submissions below at para 9.

Mr Blomberg’s case

9 Mr Blomberg argued that the POHA does not provide the court with the power
to set aside the Consent Order, but only that it may vary, suspend, cancel or
extend the duration of the Consent Order. Accordingly, the court did not have
the power to grant Ms Khan’s application. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Blomberg’s Written Submissions dated 5 August 2022 in the court below (“Mr
Blomberg’s First Submissions below”) at paras 5–8.

The relevant case law indicates that a consent order cannot be set aside save
for exceptional reasons; in particular, given that the Consent Order was a
contractual consent order, the court should only vary or set it aside pursuant
to principles of contract law. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Blomberg’s First Submissions below at paras 13–19.

Since the grounds for Ms Khan’s application related to her “unhappiness with
the operation of the Consent Order”, these did not justify setting it aside.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Blomberg’s First Submissions below at para 21.

10 Mr Blomberg also argued that there was no merit to Ms Khan’s application,
for the following reasons. The Consent Order did not restrict Ms Khan’s rights
as she may obtain the leave of any court to make or file a statement or
report, including retrospectively, further, these restrictions were agreed to
by Ms Khan. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Blomberg’s First Submissions below at para 22; Mr Blomberg’s Written Reply
Submissions dated 3 October 2022 in the court below (“Mr Blomberg’s Second
Submissions below”) at para 17.

She was not pressured into agreeing to the Consent Order; instead, she had the
opportunity to consult her lawyers, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Blomberg’s First Submissions below at para 23. See also Mr Blomberg’s
Second Submissions below at para 15.

and she did not face any undue pressure. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Mr Blomberg’s First Submissions below at paras 25–28.

11 Mr Blomberg submitted that, if the court allows Ms Khan’s application, the
Consent Order should only be set aside prospectively to uphold his legitimate
expectation that Ms Khan obeys the Consent Order and to preserve his right to
take action in respect of any breaches of the Consent Order which Ms Khan
previously committed. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Mr Blomberg’s First Submissions below at paras 32–33.

The decision below

12 The DJ allowed Ms Khan’s application and set aside the Consent Order for
the following reasons.

13 First, the DJ found that the Consent Order was not an order granted under s
12(2) of the POHA, and thus the court could not set it aside under s 12(7) of
the POHA. Instead, since the Consent Order is in essence a contract between
the parties, the Consent Order may be set aside only where vitiating factors
recognised in contract law apply. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) for 3 October 2022 at pp 8 and 10.

The unworkability or impracticality of the Consent Order is not a recognised
contractual vitiating factor. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at p 10.

14 The DJ further noted that the Consent Order confirmed and documented the
finalised agreement between the parties. The draft version of the settlement
terms had been well and fully considered by Ms Khan, Ms Khan had indicated her
agreement after consulting her lawyer, and there was no evidence of pressure
by the court or Mr Blomberg that suggested that Ms Khan had been coerced into
accepting the settlement terms. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at p 9.

The DJ also rejected Ms Khan’s complaints that the Consent Order curtailed her
rights and personal liberties and that it amounted to an abuse of process. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at pp 10–11.

15 Second, the DJ accepted Ms Khan’s argument that the legality of the Consent
Order was questionable, due to its imprecise terms and the wide ambit of
restrictions imposed. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at p 11.

In particular, the DJ found the following requirements problematic, and thus
decided that Paragraph 1 of the Consent Order could not stand.

(a) The Consent Order prohibited Ms Khan from “mak[ing] or fil[ing] any
statement or report in respect of [Mr Blomberg] in any court, or to any local
or overseas public authority, by any means, and in any form or manner”. The DJ
found that it was unclear if this prohibition applied only to matters related
to the parties’ divorce proceedings in the FJC, or ongoing proceedings between
the parties, or all future proceedings involving the parties. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at p 12.

(b) The Consent Order suggested that Ms Khan should seek leave in “any court”
whether in Singapore and overseas, even if neither the law nor governing rules
of that court required her to do so and despite that no other court would be
prepared to hear her leave application. In the DJ’s view, this caused
uncertainty. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at pp 12–13.

(c) The requirement that the Protection from Harassment Court (“PHC”) “review”
Ms Khan’s statements in any legal cause of action pertaining to and reports or
complaints against Mr Blomberg also called into question the legality of the
Consent Order, since the parties cannot by their agreement grant the PHC the
power to “gatekeep” Ms Khan’s submission or filing of such statements or
reports. This requirement would pose additional problems where Ms Khan seeks
to make a statement or a police report overseas. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at p 13.

(d) The Consent Order did not provide clarity as to “the filtering process …
in order to ascertain if the prima facie evidential standard is met when the
statement or report contains bare facts or when it relates to an
administrative inquiry”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at pp 13–14.

(e) It was inappropriate that the Consent Order requires Ms Khan to satisfy
the court that she has prima facie evidence before lodging a police report or
submitting a statement to the Police, as it is for the Police and the
Attorney-General’s Chambers to determine if there is prima facie evidence
before the commencement of criminal proceedings. Further, such an inquiry
should not have to be done before investigations have been conducted. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at p 14.

(f) The Consent Order provides that “any breach of [the undertaking in
Paragraph 1] will constitute a breach by [Ms Khan] of the relevant provisions
of the Protection from Harassment Act so as to entitle [Mr Blomberg] to obtain
a Protection Order against [Ms Khan] based on the aforesaid breach”. First,
this is wholly unenforceable as it is contrary to s 12 of the POHA, which
requires instead that all requirements therein be met to the court’s
satisfaction before a protection order is granted. This requirement cannot be
circumvented by the agreement between the parties. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at p 15.

Second, this undermines the POHA framework because it suggests that, if Ms
Khan breaches Paragraph 1 of the Consent Order, Mr Blomberg can obtain a
protection order that provides the same protection in substance as that
already provided under the Consent Order, and it is neither just nor equitable
to grant him protection that he already has under the law. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at pp 15–16.

16 The DJ then decided that the rest of the Consent Order could not be
retained by severing Paragraph 1, and that it was just and equitable for the
Consent Order as a whole to be set aside ab initio. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at p 16.

Grounds of the appeal

17 On 10 October 2022, Mr Blomberg filed an appeal against the entirety of the
DJ’s decision given on 3 October 2022, for the following reasons:

(a) the DJ had mischaracterised the nature of the Consent Order as it is a
protection order granted under s 12(2) of the POHA;

(b) since s 12(7) of the POHA only empowers the court to vary, suspend, cancel
or extend a protection order, the DJ had no jurisdiction to set aside the
Consent Order ab initio;

(c) the Consent Order is not illegal;

(d) any issues with the workability of the Consent Order should be addressed
by varying the Consent Order; and

(e) further or in the alternative, the court should apply the “blue pencil
test” and strike out the unenforceable provisions in the Consent Order. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mr Blomberg’s Written Submissions dated 8 March 2023 (“Mr Blomberg’s
Submissions”) at para 14.

The parties’ cases on appeal

Mr Blomberg’s case

18 Mr Blomberg’s first argument is that the DJ did not have jurisdiction to
set aside the Consent Order ab initio. The Consent Order is a protection order
granted under s 12(2) of the POHA because it was given pursuant to Mr
Blomberg’s application under s 12(1) of the POHA; it is entitled “Order of
Court (PO)” and states that it was filed “[in] the matter of Section 12(1) of
the Protection from Harassment Act 2014 (Act 17 of 2014)”. Ms Khan herself
agrees that the Consent Order is a protection order under s 12 of the POHA. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Mr Blomberg’s Submissions at paras 17–18.

Accordingly, the Consent Order is governed by s 12 of the POHA. It is a
contractual consent order that relates to the substantive issues in the case
and the parties’ substantive rights (a “substantive contractual consent
order”). Hence, it can only be set aside pursuant to ordinary principles of
contract law and the court does not have a residual discretion to vary or not
enforce it. Moreover, s 12(7) of the POHA does not provide the court with the
power to set aside a protection order ab initio. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Mr Blomberg’s Submissions at paras 21–22.

19 He further argues that the DJ erred in finding the Consent Order
unenforceable due to illegality, since it is not prohibited, expressly or
impliedly, pursuant to a statute or an established head of common law public
policy. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Mr Blomberg’s Submissions at para 26.

Instead, the DJ’s concerns about the “legality” of the Consent Order related
to its imprecise terms and wide ambit of restrictions on Ms Khan. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Mr Blomberg’s Submissions at para 27.

To that end, Mr Blomberg submits that there is nothing uncertain or ambiguous
about the Consent Order: it is a blanket prohibition on Ms Khan from making or
filing any statement or report concerning Mr Blomberg; leave must clearly be
obtained from the PHC; and s 12(4) of the POHA provides the basis for the
imposition of the requirement to seek leave in respect of statements of
reports filed overseas. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Mr Blomberg’s Submissions at paras 28–31.

He concedes that the only unworkable part of the Consent Order is his
entitlement to a protection order in the event Ms Khan breaches the Consent
Order. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Mr Blomberg’s Submissions at para 47.

To this end, he points out that although the Consent Order provides that he
would be entitled to obtain a protection order upon Ms Khan’s breach of the
Consent Order, he took up committal proceedings to enforce the Consent Order
instead. The Consent Order can be varied to reflect that he is entitled to
commence committal proceedings. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Mr Blomberg’s Submissions at paras 33, 34, 43 and 44.

20 Finally, Mr Blomberg submits in the alternative that the DJ should have
severed unenforceable parts of the Consent Order – namely Mr Blomberg’s
entitlement to a protection order if Ms Khan breaches the Consent Order –
instead of setting it aside ab initio. Such severance does not change the
fundamental character of the parties’ agreement, since it is implicit in the
Consent Order that in the event of its breach, Mr Blomberg can commence
committal proceedings against Ms Khan. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Mr Blomberg’s Submissions at paras 47–48.

Ms Khan’s case

21 Ms Khan submits, at the outset, that the appeal should not have been filed
since Mr Blomberg had alternative recourse, namely, a fresh application for a
protection order under the POHA. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ms Khan’s Written Submissions dated 8 March 2023 (“Ms Khan’s Submissions”) at
para 7.

Ms Khan reiterates her submissions in the court below and the DJ’s reasons. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ms Khan’s Submissions at para 6.

The Young Independent Counsel’s Submissions

22 The court appointed a Young Independent Counsel, Mr Benny Santoso (“Mr
Santoso”), to assist with the appeal. Mr Santoso was invited to address the
following questions.

(a) In proceedings commenced under s 12(1) of the POHA, where the parties have
recorded a settlement order by consent, may the said order be set aside ab
initio, and if so, under what circumstances? Related to this are questions (b)
and (c):

(b) Where an agreement is recorded in the form of a judgment, is the validity
of that judgment to be assessed according to contractual principles that might
apply to the underlying agreement?

(c) If the answer to (b) is “No”, what, if any, other doctrines may apply to
allow a court to set aside the consent order, and if any such doctrine is
applicable, what are the grounds on which the order may be set aside? 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Young Independent Counsel’s Submissions dated 16 June 2023 (“Mr Santoso’s
Submissions”) at para 1.

23 Mr Santoso submits that a consent judgment or order cannot generally be set
aside save where there are exceptional reasons, citing Poh Huat Heng Corp Pte
Ltd and others v Hafizul Islam Kofil Uddin [2012] 3 SLR 1003 (“Poh Huat Heng
Corp”) at [18]. In order to do so, there should be grounds which would justify
setting aside a contract. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mr Santoso’s Submissions at para 28.

These would be existing common law vitiating factors, which include a common
mistake between both parties as to the basis upon which they contracted;
fraud; illegality; and duress, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Mr Santoso’s Submissions at paras 30–33.

but exclude instances where a party has been wrongly advised by their lawyer
and where the agreement is unworkable. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Mr Santoso’s Submissions at para 34.

24 Following the decision of the Court of Appeal in Turf Club Auto Emporium
Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and others and another appeal and other
matters [2017] 2 SLR 12 (“Turf Club Auto Emporium”), the court does not have a
residual discretion not to enforce or to set aside a substantive contractual
consent order on the basis that this is necessary to prevent injustice. The
court only retains a residual discretion not to enforce the order where it
relates only to matters of procedure and not the parties’ substantive rights.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Mr Santoso’s Submissions at paras 35–50.

Mr Santoso notes, however, that this position may not be conclusively settled
because, first, O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”),
which was the basis for the inherent powers of the court, was not replicated
in the current Rules of Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”). Second, it would be necessary
to consider whether there are other sources of law including statutory
provisions that may possibly provide otherwise, including the POHA, the Rules
of Court and s 25 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed).
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Mr Santoso’s Submissions at paras 51, 58–63.

25 On this second point, Mr Santoso submits that s 12(7) of the POHA does not
permit the court to set aside a consent order, because the phrase “vary,
suspend[,] cancel… or extend the duration of the protection order” should be
interpreted as having prospective effect.

26 In the overall analysis, he submits that the court does not have the power
to set aside a contractual consent order unless there are vitiating factors
which would render the underlying agreement void ab initio.

27 In his oral submissions at the hearing, Mr Santoso also submits that the
court cannot vary the Consent Order under s 12(7) of the POHA because it was
not a protection order made under s 12(2) of the POHA. He accepts, however,
that if the court finds that the Consent Order was a protection order pursuant
to s 12(2) of the POHA, then the court can vary it under s 12 of the POHA.

Issues to be determined

28 The appeal gives rise to two key issues for determination:

(a) whether a substantive contractual consent order may be set aside ab
initio, and if so, under what circumstances; and

(b) whether, in the present proceedings commenced under s 12(1) of the POHA,
the Consent Order should have been set aside ab initio.

My decision

Preliminary point: the Consent Order is a protection order under s 12 of the
POHA

29 As a preliminary issue, I address whether the Consent Order is a protection
order within s 12 of the POHA. Mr Blomberg argues that the Consent Order is a
protection order under s 12(2) of the POHA. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Mr Blomberg’s Submissions at para 14(a).

The DJ 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at p 8.

and Mr Santoso (as indicated at the hearing) take a contrary view, and Ms Khan
appears to do so as well. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Ms Khan’s Second Submissions below at paras 5–7.

30 I accept Mr Blomberg’s submissions and I find that the Consent Order is a
protection order made under s 12(2) of the POHA, which provides as follows:

Protection order

12.–

(2) A court may, if it just and equitable in the circumstances to do so, make
a protection order against any individual or entity alleged to have
contravened section 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 in respect of the victim (called in this
section the respondent) if it is satisfied on the balance of probabilities
that –

(a) the respondent has contravened section 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 in respect of the
victim; and

(b) the respondent is likely to continue that contravention or to commit
another contravention of section 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 in respect of the victim.

31 Both in form and substance, the Consent Order affords Mr Blomberg rights
which amount to protective rights under the POHA. The Consent Order prohibits
Ms Khan from doing certain things in relation to Mr Blomberg. As such, it
falls within a description of a protection order in s 12(2B) of the POHA. I
also note that the Consent Order was the consequence of Mr Blomberg’s
application under s 12 of the POHA: this is reflected in the text of the
Consent Order, which states “In the matter of Section 12(1) of the Protection
from Harassment Act 2014 (Act 17 of 2014)” [emphasis added] – s 12 of the POHA
deals with protection orders – and being titled “ORDER OF COURT (PO)”
[emphasis added].

32 Ms Khan appears to argue that the Consent Order is not a protection order
under s 12 of the POHA because it is “at the EO” stage 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Ms Khan’s Second Submissions below at para 7.

(“EO” presumably refers to an expedited protection order per s 13 of the POHA)
and a “further application” must be taken to “crystallize the [Consent Order]
into a [protection order]”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Ms Khan’s Second Submissions below at paras 8–9.

This is, however, directly contradicted by the references to s 12 of the POHA
in the Consent Order. Ms Khan offers no explanation as to why, despite these
references, the Consent Order is not a protection order made pursuant to s
12(2) of the POHA. While an expedited order is an interim order, it is self-
evident that it must operate to avail Mr Blomberg of the substantive
protection afforded under s 12 of the POHA.

33 The DJ did not elaborate on her reasons for finding that the Consent Order
is not a protection order. She says “[s]ince the [Consent Order] is not an
order granted under section 12(2), this Court cannot set it aside under
section 12(7) of the POHA” [emphasis added]. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at p 8.

However, the fact that this was an order made by consent does not change the
fact that it was an order made by the PHC for Mr Blomberg’s protection, and
therefore granted pursuant to s 12(2) of the POHA. There is also nothing in s
12(2) of the POHA limiting the court’s power to make a protection order by
consent of the parties, where it is just and equitable to do so.

The court can set aside a contractual consent order ab initio in limited
circumstances

34 I note at the outset that Ms Khan does not object, whether in her written
submissions or at the hearing, to Mr Blomberg’s and Mr Santoso’s
characterisation of the Consent Order as a substantive contractual consent
order.

35 I am of the view that the court can exercise its discretion to set aside a
contractual consent order ab initio, albeit only in the limited circumstances
elaborated on below (at [40]–[41]), for two reasons: first, the case law on
contractual consent orders supports this finding, and second, this finding is
not inconsistent with the POHA regime.

Circumstances in which a contractual consent order may be set aside

36 Mr Blomberg 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Mr Blomberg’s Submissions at para 21.

and Mr Santoso 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Mr Santoso’s Submissions at paras 21–28.

agree that case law concerning contractual consent orders shows that such
orders may be set aside where there are vitiating factors which undermine the
contract formed between the consenting parties. The DJ’s reasoning was
similar. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at pp 8 and 10.

Ms Khan does not address this point in her submissions on appeal. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Ms Khan’s Submissions at paras 7–10.

Thus, the parties proceeded with their arguments before me on the basis that
the point was uncontroversial.

37 I find Mr Santoso’s analysis of the conceptual distinctions between: (a) a
“contractual consent order” and an “uncontested consent order”; and (b) a
“procedural consent order” and a “substantive consent order” 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Mr Santoso’s Submissions at paras 12–20.

helpful. I agree substantially with Mr Santoso’s approach and analysis.

38 I briefly explain these conceptual distinctions here. The first distinction
between a contractual consent order and an uncontested consent order
recognises that “consent” could refer either to a contract made between the
parties, or a situation where parties do not object to the order, in which
case there is no real contract between the parties (Siebe Gorman & Co Ltd v
Pneupac Ltd [1982] 1 WLR 185 (“Siebe Gorman”) at 189, affirmed in Poh Huat
Heng Corp at [18]). In order to ascertain which category a consent order falls
under, the court would have regard to, inter alia, whether there was prior
negotiation or clear written correspondence (Wellmix Organics (International)
Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man [2006] 2 SLR(R) 117 (“Wellmix”) at [30]), and whether
there was consideration (Wiltopps (Asia) Ltd v Drew & Napier and another
[1999] 1 SLR(R) 252 (“Wiltopps”) at [19]). Only contractual consent orders may
only be interfered with on the same grounds as any other contract (Siebe
Gorman at 189). I elaborate on this at [40] below.

39 The second conceptual distinction is between “procedural” and “substantive”
consent orders. This is concerned with whether a consent order deals with the
parties’ procedural rights in the litigation process, or parties’ substantive
rights in the suit (Turf Club Auto Emporium at [162]–[164]; Sumber Indah Pte
Ltd v Kamala Jewellers Pte Ltd [2018] SGHC 70 (“Sumber Indah”) at [46]).

40 I find that a contractual consent order should only be set aside pursuant
to ordinary principles of contract law, and accordingly only the existence of
recognised vitiating factors in contract law can justify setting aside such
contractual consent orders: Wiltopps at [27]; Bakery Mart Pte Ltd v Ng Wei
Teck Michael and others [2005] 1 SLR(R) 28 (“Bakery Mart”) at [11]; Airtrust
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Kao Chai-Chau Linda [2014] 2 SLR 693 at [22]; Turf Club
Auto Emporium at [151] and [163]. The authorities also show that where a
contractual consent order is set aside due to the existence of vitiating
factors, it is set aside ab initio (Turf Club Auto Emporium at [151]).

41 I also find that the court does not retain a residual discretion to set
aside substantive contractual consent orders in order to prevent injustice. In
this connection, I am bound by the Court of Appeal’s decision in Turf Club
Auto Emporium (at [159], [163] and [164]). In particular, the Court of Appeal
stated in no uncertain terms at [159] that the court’s residual discretion
does not extend to not enforcing substantive contractual consent orders, and
much less to setting aside such orders:

While we agree … that the court has a residual discretion not to enforce
contractual or consensual “unless” orders or other consensual procedural
orders, as has been established in a line of authorities, such a discretion
does not, in our judgment, extend to contractual consent orders that relate to
the substantive issues in the case and the substantive rights of the parties,
much less to set aside such orders.

[emphasis in original]

The Court of Appeal further explained (Turf Club Auto Emporium at [163]) that
there is “no conceptual basis for extending such a discretion to a contractual
consent order that encapsulates a settlement agreement covering the
substantive causes of action between the parties, much less to set aside such
orders” [emphasis in original]. This ruling was followed by the High Court in
Sumber Indah at [49] and [74].

42 Mr Santoso raises a concern as to the foregoing analysis concerning the
court’s residual discretion to set aside substantive contractual consent
orders. He points out that Turf Club Auto Emporium was decided when the
inherent powers of the court resided in O 92 r 4 of the ROC 2014, but this
provision is not replicated in its exact terms in the ROC 2021. In my view,
this concern does not affect my conclusion that the court does not have such a
residual discretion (although I offer my provisional views on his point at
[43]–[45] below). The reasoning of the Court of Appeal (which led them to find
that the court did not have a residual discretion not to enforce, much less
set aside, substantive contractual consent orders) was not predicated on O 92
r 4 of the ROC 2014. Instead, the Court of Appeal had regard to: (a) the
principle of finality; (b) the fact that parties entered into consent orders
not to enable the court to exercise supervisory jurisdiction but rather to be
able to enforce the judgment; (c) consistency in how the law regards consent;
and (d) the demands of fairness (Turf Club Auto Emporium at [163]). These
reasons continue to be relevant today. I therefore find that Turf Club Auto
Emporium remains authoritative and supports my finding above.

43 The parties did not make substantive arguments on the juridical basis to
set aside consent orders. Only Mr Santoso did so in his written submissions.
The existing case law on the court’s inherent power is predicated on O 92 r 4
of the ROC 2014, which provided as follows:

Inherent powers of Court (O. 92, r. 4)

4\. For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these
Rules shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to
make any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse
of the process of the Court.

44 In my view, O 92 r 4 of the ROC 2014 can be considered to be subsumed under
O 3 r 2(2) of the ROC 2021, which provides as follows:

General powers of Court (O. 3, r. 2)

…

(2) Where there is no express provision in these Rules or any other written
law on any matter, the Court may do whatever the Court considers necessary on
the facts of the case before it to ensure that justice is done or to prevent
an abuse of the process of the Court, so long as it is not prohibited by law
and is consistent with the Ideals.

45 It is clearly the intent of O 3 r 2(2) of the ROC 2021 to give the court
broad powers to give directions and make necessary orders according to the
justice of the case. Hence, I would suggest that this forms the juridical
basis for setting aside a contractual consent order if there are vitiating
factors, subject to the Court of Appeal’s views in Turf Club Auto Emporium (at
[159], [163] and [164]). That said, I offer this suggestion only as a
provisional view. The question may be better left for determination in a more
appropriate future case, where the court may benefit from hearing full
arguments.

The POHA regime

46 The parties differ in their analysis of the implications of the POHA regime
on the question of whether the court has jurisdiction to set aside the Consent
Order ab initio. I summarise their respective positions as follows.

(a) Ms Khan argues that the court has the power to set aside the Consent Order
pursuant to s 12(7) of the POHA 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Ms Khan’s Second Submissions below at paras 10–11; Ms Khan’s Submissions at
para 6.

but does not provide further explanation or reasons for her position.

(b) Mr Blomberg submits that s 12(7) of the POHA does not provide for the
court to set aside the Consent Order and only that it may vary, suspend,
cancel or extend the duration of the Consent Order. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Mr Blomberg’s First Submissions below at paras 5–8; Mr Blomberg’s Submissions
at paras 22(b) and 22(c).

(c) Mr Santoso submits that s 12(7) of the POHA does not permit the court to
set aside a consent order, let alone to set it aside ab initio, since s 12(7)
of the POHA only has prospective effect. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Mr Santoso’s Submissions at para 56.

47 I agree that the common law principles on setting aside contractual consent
orders should apply only in so far as they are not contradicted by the POHA
(Turf Club Auto Emporium at [164]). In the present case, I find that there is
nothing in the POHA regime which displaces or is inconsistent with the above
analysis concerning contractual consent orders. Accordingly, a contractual
consent order can be set aside ab initio only where vitiating factors exist.

48 In my view, there is nothing within the legislative framework of the POHA
that expressly provides for a consent order to be set aside. On a plain and
literal reading, s 12(7) of the POHA clearly does not give the court the power
to set aside the Consent Order. Adopting the statutory interpretation
framework laid down in Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (at
[37(a)] and [38]), it is thus not possible to interpret s 12(7) of the POHA
such that the court may set aside the Consent Order ab initio. If Parliament
intended for s 12(7) of the POHA to empower the court to set aside protection
orders, there is no reason why the express terminology of “setting aside”
would not have been used.

49 I also note that, in contrast, s 36 of the Supreme Court of Judicature
(Protection from Harassment) Rules 2021 (the “POHA Rules”) expressly provides
for orders made by the PHC to be set aside in limited circumstances. The rules
governing the variation, suspension or cancellation of orders as provided for
under s 12(7) of the POHA are separately contained in s 37 of the POHA Rules.

50 Mr Santoso’s submissions were based on s 12(7) of the POHA which I have
found to be inapplicable for the purposes of setting aside the Consent Order.
Given my finding that s 12(7) of the POHA does not empower the court to set
aside a consent order, it is unnecessary to venture further to examine Mr
Santoso’s submission as to whether s 12(7) should only operate prospectively.

51 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the court may set aside a
contractual consent order ab initio provided that there are recognised
vitiating factors in contract law to justify setting it aside. However, in the
case of a substantive contractual consent order, having regard to the Court of
Appeal’s observations in Turf Club Auto Emporium (at [159]), the court does
not have any residual discretion to set aside such an order.

The Consent Order should not have been set aside ab initio

52 The DJ rightly found that there were no vitiating factors which justified
the setting aside of the Consent Order. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at pp 9–10.

The DJ appears to have gone on to question the “legality” of the Consent
Order. She then decided solely on this basis to set aside the Consent Order.
However, her concerns were in fact about its imprecise terms and wide ambit.
With respect, I do not think valid concerns arise as to the legality of the
Consent Order, because it is not prohibited, expressly or impliedly, pursuant
to a statute or an established head of common law public policy. Even if there
are valid concerns that may impact whether the Consent Order can be enforced,
they do not demonstrate that illegality was operative as a vitiating factor.

53 I am of the view that the DJ’s approach was wrong in law as it is
insufficient, for the purposes of setting aside a contractual consent order,
to point to the terms of the order being imprecise or too wide. In any case,
no authorities were cited by the DJ or Ms Khan to support the proposition that
a contractual consent order could be set aside on this basis.

54 In addition, the Consent Order was entered into after the parties, through
their solicitors, had voluntarily reached an agreement. Ms Khan had the
benefit of legal advice and representation at all times. As the DJ observed,
there was no evidence of any undue pressure or compulsion of Ms Khan’s will
that led her to accept the terms of the Consent Order. Rather, there was a
real consensus ad idem. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at p 9.

The court should not readily disregard the policy objective of ensuring
finality in settlement agreements that the parties have freely entered into
(see Turf Club Auto Emporium at [163] and Bakery Mart at [20]), and all the
more so where the parties were both represented.

55 Be that as it may, there is an important anterior question that the DJ, Mr
Blomberg and Ms Khan all appear to have overlooked. Only Mr Santoso alludes to
this question in his submissions. This relates to the proper characterisation
of the Consent Order as a substantive contractual consent order. As the
parties do not dispute this characterisation, the question then is how the
Court of Appeal decision in Turf Club Auto Emporium (at [159]) informs the
present enquiry. As highlighted above (at [41]), the Court of Appeal’s ruling
– that if there are no vitiating factors in contract law justifying the
setting aside of a substantive contractual consent order, the court has no
residual discretion to set aside such an order – is binding on me (and the DJ
as well). In the circumstances, the Consent Order could not and should not
have been set aside ab initio.

Varying the Consent Order

56 In his submissions, Mr Blomberg proposes varying the terms of the Consent
Order to address the DJ’s concerns that the Consent Order is imprecise and
potentially unenforceable. I agree that these concerns can be addressed by
varying the Consent Order, pursuant to the court’s power under s 12(7) of the
POHA.

(a) The DJ was concerned as the Consent Order prescribes that Ms Khan seek
leave in courts both in Singapore and overseas. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at pp 12–13.

The Consent Order should be varied to state that Ms Khan shall apply and seek
leave from the PHC specifically. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Mr Blomberg’s Submissions at para 44.

(b) The DJ was concerned by the fact that the Consent Order provides that a
breach by Ms Khan would entitle Mr Blomberg to a protection order. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at pp 15–16.

The Consent Order should be varied to state that Mr Blomberg would be entitled
to commence committal proceedings against Ms Khan instead. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Mr Blomberg’s Submissions at para 44.

(c) I disagree with the DJ’s finding that the Consent Order is unclear on
whether the prohibition preventing Ms Khan from filing any statement or report
in respect of Mr Blomberg applied only to matters related to the parties’
divorce proceedings in the FJC, or ongoing or all proceedings in future. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at p 12.

Paragraph 1 states “any statement or report in respect of [Mr Blomberg]” and
clearly imposes no restriction on the subject matter of such statements or
reports. There is therefore no need to vary the Consent Order in this regard.

(d) The DJ was also troubled by the lack of clarity concerning “the filtering
process … in order to ascertain if the prima facie evidential standard is met
when the statement or report contains bare facts or when it relates to an
administrative inquiry” [emphasis added]. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE for 3 October 2022 at pp 13–14.

This appears to relate to the applicable test for the purposes of assessing a
leave application. I agree that the last sentence of Paragraph 1 of the
Consent Order is not well drafted, but I consider that the lack of clarity
afflicts not just the application of the test of “prima facie evidence”, but
also the purpose of this test – it is unclear if the requirement of prima
facie evidence to satisfy the court in Ms Khan’s leave application is: (a) a
precondition for Ms Khan to bring an application seeking leave to file a
statement or report concerning Mr Blomberg; or (b) the threshold that Ms
Khan’s application must meet before the court will grant her leave
application. In my assessment, the interpretation in (b) is likely what the
parties agreed on, since Ms Khan’s reasons and prerequisites for bringing a
leave application are her sole concern. Accordingly, it is for the court to
decide if the leave application should be granted, and for the court to apply
the test of “prima facie evidence”. At this juncture, the lack of clarity
concerning the application of this test is relevant, as it is unclear what
must be evidenced in order for the court to grant Ms Khan’s leave application.
This should be addressed by varying the Court Order to remove the phrase: “if
the Respondent has at least prima facie evidence to satisfy the court
considering the Respondent's application for leave and such leave is granted
by the aforesaid court”. It is clear that the purpose of the last sentence of
Paragraph 1 is to provide an avenue for Ms Khan to make statements or reports
in respect of Mr Blomberg by requiring her to first seek the court’s leave to
do so, and the varied Consent Order continues to fulfil this purpose.

Conclusion

57 I therefore allow Mr Blomberg’s appeal against the DJ’s decision to set
aside the Consent Order with costs to be determined in his favour. To
recapitulate, the general common law principle is that a contractual consent
order can only be set aside ab initio where there are recognised factors which
vitiate the agreement underlying the order. I find that no such factors have
been demonstrated in this case. More fundamentally, as the Consent Order is a
substantive contractual consent order, having regard to the Court of Appeal’s
observations in Turf Club Auto Emporium (at [159]), the court does not have
any residual discretion to set aside such an order.

58 Nonetheless, I find that in some respects the Consent Order lacks clarity.
Paragraph 1 of the Consent Order should thus be varied to read as follows:

Without admission of liability in DC/PHA 93 of 2020, the Respondent (either in
person or through any third party acting under her instructions or
authorization) hereby undertakes not to make or file any statement or report
in respect of the Applicant in any court, or to any local or overseas public
authority, by any means, and in any form or manner, and agrees that any breach
of this undertaking will constitute a breach by the Respondent of this
Protection Order so as to entitle the Applicant to commence committal
proceedings against the Respondent based on the aforesaid breach. However, the
Respondent may apply and seek the leave of the Protection from Harassment
Court to make or file any statement or report in respect of the Applicant in
any court, or to any local or overseas public authority.

59 Finally, I would like to express my thanks to Mr Santoso for his thorough
and thoughtful submissions pursuant to his appointment as Young Independent
Counsel. I found the submissions to be of considerable assistance to my
analysis and determination of the issues raised in this appeal.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Ranjit Singh and Andre Teo (Francis Khoo & Lim) for the appellant;

Alfred Dodwell (Dodwell & Co LLC) for the respondent;

Benny Santoso (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) as young independent counsel.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Aug 2023 (15:45 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

