Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 105

Suit No 665 of 2020

Between

(1)| Wong Shu Kiat  
---|---  
(2)| Wan Jin (Serangoon) Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Chen Jinping Michelle (personal representative of the estate of Tin Koon
Ming, deceased)  
---|---  
(2)| Chen Jinping Michelle  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Debt and Recovery — Contractual debt]

[Trusts — Constructive trusts]

[Trusts — Resulting trusts]

[Trusts — Breach of trust — Dishonest assistance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wong Shu Kiat and another

  
v

  

Chen Jinping Michelle (personal representative of the estate of Tin Koon Ming,
deceased) and another

[2023] SGHC 105

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 665 of 2020  
Teh Hwee Hwee JC  
5–7 October 2022, 4 January, 1 February 2023

20 April 2023 Judgment reserved.

Teh Hwee Hwee JC:

Introduction

1 This is a claim arising from an oral agreement between the first plaintiff,
Mr Wong Shu Kiat (“Mr Wong”), and Mr Tin Koon Ming (“Mr Tin”), who has since
passed away, to enter into a joint venture for the purchase and sale of used
cars (the “Alleged Agreement”). The Alleged Agreement was born out of a
conversation that the pair had in a coffeeshop, and involved Mr Wong investing
more than half a million dollars in the joint venture. About two years later,
the joint venture was terminated, and Mr Wong now seeks to recoup his
investment (which he alleges was only partially repaid).

Facts

The parties

2 Mr Wong was in the business of operating coffeeshops in Singapore, at
Serangoon (the “Serangoon Coffeeshop”) and Sin Ming (the “Sin Ming
Coffeeshop”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Mr Wong Shu Kiat dated 2 August
2022 (“Mr Wong’s AEIC”) at para 4.

Mr Wong was also a shareholder and the managing director of the second
plaintiff, Wan Jin (Serangoon) Pte Ltd (“Wan Jin”), a company incorporated in
Singapore to, among other things, run the business of the Serangoon
Coffeeshop. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 5.

3 According to Mr Wong, Mr Wong and Mr Tin had been friends for about 15 years
prior to Mr Tin’s passing on 7 July 2020. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at paras 9 and 12.

Mr Wong first met Mr Tin at the Sin Ming Coffeeshop, where Mr Tin introduced
himself as a business owner involved in the purchase and sale of used cars. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 9.

Mr Tin was the sole proprietor of Millenia Motor (“Millenia”), which was in
the business of buying and selling used cars. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at paras 6–7; AEIC of Ms Chen Jinping Michelle dated 2 August
2022 (“Ms Chen’s AEIC”) at paras 8–9.

4 Mr Wong and Mr Tin had mutual friends, including a couple, Ms Mandy Tan (“Ms
Tan”) and Mr Ng Lin Huat (“Mr Ng”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AEIC of Ms Mandy Tan dated 2 August 2022 (“Ms Tan’s AEIC”) at paras 1, 6 and
7; AEIC of Mr Ng Lin Huat dated 2 August 2022 (“Mr Ng’s AEIC”) at paras 1, 6
and 7.

In 2012, the couple became good friends with Mr Tin and his wife, Mdm Yang
Lijuan (“Mdm Yang”), after being introduced by a mutual friend at the Sin Ming
Coffeeshop, which they patronised often. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at paras 5 and 6; Mr Ng’s AEIC at paras 5 and 6.

In turn, Mr Tin introduced the couple to Mr Wong in or around 2012. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 7; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 7; Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 10.

Thereafter, they all became part of a group of mutual friends who would
regularly gather for meals both individually and separately. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at paras 6–9; Mr Ng’s AEIC at paras 6–9.

Mr Wong called on Ms Tan and Mr Ng to give evidence at the trial.

5 The first defendant is Mr Tin’s estate (the “Estate”). The second defendant,
Ms Chen Jinping Michelle (“Ms Chen”), is Mr Tin’s daughter and the
administrator of the Estate. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at paras 3–4.

Ms Chen is sued in her personal capacity and was added as a party by Mr Wong
after the commencement of the action. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Certified Transcript for HC/SUM 2632/2021 at p 16, line 15 to p 18, line 16.

She is a beneficiary of the Estate, together with her brother and Mdm Yang,
who now resides in China. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Notes of Evidence dated 7 October 2022 (“7 Oct NE”) at p 135, lines 4–9; Ms
Chen’s AEIC at paras 13–14.

Ms Chen was never involved in the running of Millenia’s business, and the
evidence that she has given was based on the documents available to her as the
administrator of the Estate. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at para 11; Notes of Evidence dated 6 October 2022 (“6 Oct NE”)
at p 79, line 25 to p 80, line 11.

The defendants’ case consists mainly of non-admissions, and the defendants put
the plaintiffs to strict proof of the plaintiffs’ case.

Background to the dispute

The joint venture and Mr Wong’s capital injection

6 Mr Wong alleges that in or around late 2016, Mr Tin approached Mr Wong to
discuss a business venture involving the purchase and sale of used cars. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 11.

The pair decided to enter into the Alleged Agreement, under which Mr Wong
would provide capital, while Mr Tin would provide the premises, equipment and
labour, for the operation of the joint venture. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 20.

7 Mr Wong alleges that the terms of the Alleged Agreement were as follows (the
“Alleged Terms”): 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 21.

(a) Mr Tin and Mr Wong would share the profits and losses in the proportion of
60% to 40%, with Mr Tin receiving and bearing the larger share of the profits
and losses (the “Distribution Term”).

(b) The pair would settle the accounts of the joint venture weekly and Mr Tin
would distribute the profits weekly (the “Weekly Settlement Term”).

(c) Mr Wong would be refunded his capital, or part thereof (if losses ate into
the joint venture capital), upon termination of the joint venture (the “Refund
Term”).

8 Mr Wong’s evidence is that he invested a total of $517,047.27 (the “Capital
Injection Sum”) in the joint venture pursuant to the Alleged Agreement, by
causing Wan Jin to issue three cheques (the “Three Cheques”). The Capital
Injection Sum was distributed as follows: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 22.

(a) On 2 December 2016, Wan Jin issued a cheque for $336,547.27 (the “First
Cheque”) that was made payable to a United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) account. Mr
Wong passed the cheque to Mr Tin to acquire a Bentley car (the “Bentley Car”)
for onward sale at a profit to kickstart the joint venture. The cheque was to
be applied towards the discharge of a car loan given by UOB to the vendor of
the Bentley Car. The Bentley Car was subsequently sold by Millenia at a
profit, and the sale proceeds were received by Millenia and/or Mr Tin for the
purposes of the joint venture.

(b) On 8 December 2016, Wan Jin issued a cheque for $60,800 (the “Second
Cheque”) to Millenia under Mr Wong’s instructions, and the said cheque was
paid into Millenia’s bank account.

(c) On 14 December 2016, Wan Jin issued a cheque for $119,700 (the “Third
Cheque”) to Millenia under Mr Wong’s instructions, and the said cheque was
paid into Millenia’s bank account.

It is not in dispute that the First Cheque was deposited into the UOB account
and that the Second Cheque and the Third Cheque were deposited into Millenia’s
bank account. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

First Defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 3) dated 6 July 2022 (“1Df’s Defence”)
at paras 7–10 (Set Down Bundle (“SB”) at pp 33–35); Second Defendant’s Defence
(Amendment No 2) dated 6 July 2022 (“2Df’s Defence”) at paras 12–14 (SB at pp
77–78).

9 Mr Wong’s evidence is that in or around December 2018, Mr Wong informed Mr
Tin of his wish to terminate the joint venture and demanded repayment of the
Capital Injection Sum from Mr Tin. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 47.

Mr Tin accepted Mr Wong’s termination of the joint venture and ceased the
profit-and-loss-sharing arrangement between them in or around March 2019. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 47.

According to Mr Wong, Mr Tin made partial repayment of $130,000 to Mr Wong in
respect of the Capital Injection Sum through payments of $30,000 in cash and
$100,000 in cash cheques. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 50.

The plaintiffs’ claim in this action is for the balance that allegedly remains
due for repayment (the “Outstanding Sum”), which, by the plaintiffs’ account,
amounts to $387,047.27. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) (Amendment No 4) at prayer 4 (SB at p 17).

Events leading up to the commencement of the present proceedings

10 According to Mr Wong, Mr Tin made several propositions to Mr Wong relating
to the repayment of the Outstanding Sum. This included an offer, made in or
around March 2019, to include Mr Wong’s name in a durian plantation investment
in Malaysia (the “Durian Plantation Offer”), which Mr Wong rejected. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at paras 63–64.

Further, Mdm Yang called Mr Wong sometime in late 2019 to suggest that Mr Tin
could transfer one of his properties in Malaysia to Mr Wong in order to settle
the Outstanding Sum, which Mr Wong also rejected. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 55.

11 On 7 July 2020, Mr Wong served his letter of demand on Mr Tin. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 4 (“4AB”) at pp 2050–2051.

Unfortunately, Mr Tin passed away that same day. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at paras 12 and 69; Ms Chen’s AEIC at para 12.

Mr Wong subsequently sent a follow-up letter to Mr Tin’s family for the return
of the Outstanding Sum. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 70; 4AB at p 2052.

As Mr Wong did not receive any payment, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 70.

he commenced this action on 23 July 2020. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Writ of Summons for HC/S 665/2020, filed on 23 July 2020 at 11.12am.

The parties’ cases

12 The plaintiffs’ case is that the Outstanding Sum should have been returned
after the termination of the joint venture. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOC (Amendment No 4) at paras 12–13 (SB at p 12).

The plaintiffs therefore seek the repayment of the Outstanding Sum. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOC (Amendment No 4) at prayer 4 (SB at p 17).

The plaintiffs also seek a declaration that the Outstanding Sum is held by Mr
Tin and/or the Estate and/or the first defendant on trust for the plaintiffs,
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC (Amendment No 4) at prayer 1 (SB at p 16).

and an order for an account to be taken with respect to the Outstanding Sum.
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOC (Amendment No 4) at prayer 3 (SB at p 17).

Further or in the alternative, the plaintiffs seek equitable compensation to
be assessed and paid by the defendants. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC (Amendment No 4) at prayer 5 (SB at p 17).

In addition, the plaintiffs seek a declaration that Ms Chen is liable in her
personal capacity for causing the Estate to deny the trust and/or for
dishonestly assisting the Estate in its continued breach of trust. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC (Amendment No 4) at para 18 and prayer 2 (SB at pp 16–17).

13 In so far as the plaintiffs assert that the Outstanding Sum is a just debt
of the Estate, it is not admitted by the defendants, who put the plaintiffs to
strict proof. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1Df’s Defence at para 3A(ii) (SB at p 32); 2Df’s Defence at para 4 (SB at pp
72–73).

The defendants submit that the legal burden of proof is on the plaintiffs to
show that the Alleged Agreement and the joint venture existed as pleaded, as
well as to show that the Outstanding Sum is the specific sum as pleaded. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 11 November 2022 (“DCS”) at para 19.

Based on the available evidence, the defendants contend that the plaintiffs
have failed to discharge their legal and evidential burden of proof. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DCS at paras 30–73.

14 The defendants contend, in particular, that there were certain losses
suffered by the joint venture, as well as substantial payments made by Mr Tin
to the plaintiffs, which were not accounted for. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DCS at para 75.

The defendants therefore argue that the Outstanding Sum is an erroneous
figure. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DCS at para 75.

In addition, the defendants argue that since the plaintiffs’ claim is for the
specific sum of $387,047.27, the plaintiffs have mounted their claim on an
“all or nothing” basis. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DCS at para 12.

The plaintiffs’ failure to properly account for the payments made by Mr Tin to
Mr Wong is therefore fatal to the plaintiffs’ claim. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DCS at para 100.

15 In respect of the claim against Ms Chen in her personal capacity, the
defendants argue that there are serious issues relating to whether the Alleged
Agreement and joint venture existed as pleaded. Ms Chen therefore cannot be
faulted for questioning their existence in discharging her duties as the
personal representative of the Estate, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DCS at para 103.1.

and Ms Chen cannot be said to have been dishonest. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DCS at paras 104–105.

The issues

16 The issues raised are as follows:

(a) whether Mr Wong and Mr Tin entered into the Alleged Agreement and, if so,
what were the terms of the Alleged Agreement;

(b) whether the Estate holds moneys owing to Mr Wong and, if so, whether the
amount quantified by the plaintiffs as the Outstanding Sum or any other amount
is owing;

(c) whether the plaintiffs have established their claim based on trust and/or
based on a debt;

(d) whether Ms Chen is personally liable for causing the Estate to deny the
trust and/or for dishonestly assisting the Estate in retaining the Outstanding
Sum in breach of trust.

The Alleged Agreement

17 The proper approach for determining the existence of an oral agreement was
set out by the court in ARS v ART and another [2015] SGHC 78 (“ARS v ART”) at
[53] as follows:

(a) in ascertaining the existence of an oral agreement, the court will
consider the relevant documentary evidence (such as written correspondence)
and contemporaneous conduct of the parties at the material time;

(b) where possible, the court should look first at the relevant documentary
evidence;

(c) the availability of relevant documentary evidence reduces the need to rely
solely on the credibility of witnesses in order to ascertain if an oral
agreement exists;

(d) oral testimony may be less reliable as it is based on the witness’
recollection and it may be affected by subsequent events (such as the dispute
between the parties);

(e) credible oral testimony may clarify the existing documentary evidence;

(f) where the witness is not legally trained, the court should not place undue
emphasis on the choice of words; and

(g) if there is little or no documentary evidence, the court will nevertheless
examine the precise factual matrix to ascertain if there is an oral agreement
concluded between the parties.

18 It bears mentioning that the legal burden of proof lies squarely on the
plaintiffs to prove, on the balance of probabilities, the existence of the
Alleged Agreement and the Alleged Terms (ARS v ART at [47]).

19 I apply the principles set out in ARS v ART and start by analysing the
documentary evidence to determine the existence of the Alleged Agreement. As
observed by the Court of Appeal in OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd v Wong Hua
Choon [2012] 4 SLR 1206 at [41], “the first port of call for any court in
determining the existence of an alleged contract and/or its terms would be the
relevant documentary evidence” [emphasis in original].

20 The parties did not tender evidence of any written record of what was
discussed at the meeting which Mr Wong claims led to the Alleged Agreement.
The plaintiffs relied on other documentary evidence, the contemporaneous
conduct of the parties and the oral evidence of Mr Wong, Ms Tan and Mr Ng to
prove the existence of the Alleged Agreement and the Alleged Terms.

21 I first consider a blue notebook and a green notebook (the “Blue Notebook”
and the “Green Notebook” respectively, and the “Notebooks” collectively) that
the plaintiffs tendered in evidence. Mr Wong’s evidence is that the Notebooks
each contain entries pertaining to the purchase and sale of used cars for the
joint venture. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at paras 39–42.

On their face, the Notebooks contain handwritten entries that are numbered
from 1 to 182, spanning a period from 5 or 6 December 2016 to 3 March 2019. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 3 (“3AB”) at pp 1518–1563 and 1570–1616. The
handwriting is unclear in the Green Notebook as to whether a “5” or “6” is
indicated for the date of the first entry. In contrast, the handwriting in the
Blue Notebook clearly indicates a “5” for the date of the first entry.

The entries are split into two columns side by side, one with the header “Tin”
and the other with the header “Boss”. In each entry, the following information
is recorded:

(a) the date of the transaction;

(b) the car model (eg, “Bentley 6.8A”, “Honda Fit 13A”, “Chevrolet Spark 8.0”,
etc);

(c) the car registration plate number;

(d) the word “sold”, if the car was sold; and

(e) sums that appear to reflect the purchase price and the sale price, and
where the car was sold, the profit or loss and the distribution of profit or
loss per the percentages written next to “Tin” and “Boss”.

22 For example, entry 1 in the Blue Notebook records, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

3AB at p 1519.

under the left column with the header “Tin”, the following information (the
typographical errors are inherent to the source):

5/12/2016 BENTLEY MULSANNE

$49000 [sic] - $153452.73 (TIN)

YEAR 9/3/2013 SLH9569H

$500000 - $49000 [sic] = $10000

SOLD 60% $6000

Entry 1 in the Blue Notebook, under the right column with the header “Boss”,
records the corresponding information:

5/12/2016 BENTLEY MULSANNE

$490000 – UOB $336547.27

YEAR 9/3/2013 SLH9569H

$500000 - $490000 = $10000

SOLD 40% $4000

Entry 1 in the Green Notebook 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

3AB at p 1572.

reflects similar information, reproduced almost exactly, with similar format,
barring minor differences that are not substantive.

23 According to Mr Wong, Mr Tin recorded the transactions reflected in both
Notebooks, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 39.

and Mr Wong and Mr Tin met up on a weekly basis to settle the accounts of the
joint venture. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 40.

The Green Notebook was kept by Mr Wong, while the Blue Notebook was kept by Mr
Tin. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 39.

Ms Chen came into possession of Mr Tin’s belongings sometime in March 2021,
including the Blue Notebook. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at para 37.

24 Having reviewed the Notebooks, I find that they are unequivocal evidence
that Mr Wong and Mr Tin were in a joint venture for the purchase and sale of
used cars. The Notebooks contain contemporaneous records of used cars that
were purchased and sold for the joint venture, details of the deals made for
the joint venture, and the profits and losses shared by the men for the used
cars sold for the joint venture. Such contemporaneous evidence bears
significant weight in ascertaining the existence of an oral agreement: ARS v
ART at [53(a)].

25 Mr Wong also produced, as evidence of the joint venture, name cards which
have “MILLENIA MOTOR” printed on them, along with “Andy Wong” and a mobile
phone number, as well as Millenia’s address. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at p 47; 7 Oct NE at p 140, lines 3–10.

According to Mr Wong, after they entered into the joint venture, Mr Tin
printed two boxes of Millenia’s name cards with Mr Wong’s name and mobile
phone number. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 25.

There is no suggestion that Mr Wong was involved in Millenia in any other
capacity, and the defendants offer no other explanation for the inclusion of
Mr Wong's name and details on Millenia's name cards. I find that these name
cards were printed pursuant to, and for the purposes of, the joint venture.

26 The plaintiffs further relied on the Three Cheques and documents from UOB
as evidence of the first plaintiff’s investment in the joint venture and to
prove the existence of the Alleged Agreement and the Alleged Terms. The
defendants, however, do not admit that the First Cheque was issued for the
purposes of the joint venture. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

1Df’s Defence at para 8 (SB at p 33); 2Df’s Defence at para 12 (SB at p 77).

This is because it was paid by Wan Jin to UOB, and not by Mr Wong to Mr Tin.
The Estate argues that the First Cheque had nothing to do with Mr Tin or
Millenia. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

1Df’s Defence at para 8 (SB at pp 33–35).

I cannot agree with the Estate. As reproduced above at [22], entry 1 of the
Blue Notebook, dated 5 December 2016, indicates that a sum of $336,547.27 was
paid to UOB in respect of a “Bentley Mulsanne” with the registration plate
number SLH9569H. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

3AB at p 1519.

Entry 1 of the Green Notebook reflects similar pertinent details, save that
the car’s name is reflected as “Bentley 6.8A” and the handwriting is unclear
as to whether a date of 5 or 6 December 2016 is reflected. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

3AB at p 1572.

The sum of $336,547.27 recorded in the Notebooks corresponds with the payment
amount in the First Cheque. Further, pursuant to the plaintiffs’ non-party
discovery application against UOB, documents were disclosed by UOB, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at 87–89.

revealing that the sum of $336,547.27 was indeed paid to the account of one Mr
Yong Khong Yoong Mark (“Mr Yong”) via a cheque dated 2 December 2016. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at 87–88.

Mr Wong explains that the First Cheque was issued to discharge a loan extended
by UOB to the vendor of the Bentley Car (see above at [8(a)]). In this regard,
the Estate has in fact admitted in their pleadings that the First Cheque was
paid to UOB for the settlement of a car loan taken by Mr Yong on the Bentley
Car. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1Df’s Defence at para 8 (SB at 33).

In my view, the evidence supports the finding that Mr Wong caused the First
Cheque to be issued by Wan Jin for the purchase of the Bentley Car for the
joint venture in furtherance of the Alleged Agreement. The Estate offers no
alternative explanation for why Wan Jin, a company controlled by Mr Wong,
would pay off a car loan debt owed by Mr Yong.

27 As for the Second and Third Cheques, Ms Chen acknowledged that they were
issued to and received by Millenia. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at para 44.

Entry 6 of the Blue Notebook indicates that a sum of $119,700 was paid via
“DBS C#300189” in respect of a “M/Benz E200”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

3AB at p 1522.

The cheque number 300189 corresponds with that of the Third Cheque. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

3AB at p 1478.

I find that the evidence unequivocally shows that the Third Cheque was part of
Mr Wong’s investment in the joint venture. While I note that the Notebooks do
not contain a record of the Second Cheque, I also accept Mr Wong’s evidence
that the Second Cheque formed part of his investment in the joint venture.
First, as noted above, it is not in dispute that payment was received by
Millenia. Second, the Second Cheque was issued on 8 December 2016, a few days
after the First Cheque was issued on 2 December 2016 for the purchase of the
Bentley Car that was reflected as the first transaction of the joint venture
in the Notebooks. The Third Cheque was issued on 14 December 2016, shortly
after the Second Cheque, and recorded in entry 6 in the Notebooks. Indeed, the
defendants did not proffer any alternative explanation as to the purpose of
the Second Cheque. I also do not find any reason to doubt Mr Wong’s evidence
that the Second and Third Cheques were part of a series of payments he made
for the purposes of investing in the joint venture.

28 Having examined the documentary evidence, I turn now to the oral evidence
of Ms Tan and Mr Ng. Both Ms Tan and Mr Ng gave evidence that they knew about
Mr Wong and Mr Tin entering into a joint venture for the purchase and sale of
used cars, because Mr Wong and Mr Tin would discuss it during their
gatherings, although Ms Tan and Mr Ng were not aware of the details of the
joint venture. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at paras 15–16; Mr Ng’s AEIC at paras 15–16; 6 Oct NE at p 64,
lines 17–22 and p 72, lines 10–18.

It is the evidence of Ms Tan and Mr Ng that the joint venture commenced
“sometime before the start of 2017”, and they were informed by Mr Wong and Mr
Tin at the beginning of 2019 that the joint venture had been terminated. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at paras 16.1 and 18; Mr Ng’s AEIC at paras 16.1 and 18.

This is generally consistent with the documentary evidence. The Notebooks
reflect that entry 1 was dated 5 or 6 December 2016 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

3AB at pp 1519 and 1572. The handwriting is unclear in the Green notebook as
to whether a “5” or “6” is indicated for the date of the first entry. In
contrast, the handwriting in the Blue Notebook clearly indicates a “5” for the
date of the first entry.

while the last entry, entry 182, was dated 3 March 2019. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

3AB at pp 1562 and 1611.

The Three Cheques that allegedly constituted Mr Wong’s investment in the joint
venture were all dated December 2016. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at paras 22.1–22.3; 3AB at pp 1477 and 1478.

It is also Ms Tan’s and Mr Ng’s evidence that they were informed by Mr Wong
and Mr Tin, in or around early December 2016, about the purchase and sale of a
Bentley Car as part of the joint venture. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 16.5; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 16.5.

This accords with entry 1 in the Notebooks.

29 I accept the evidence of Ms Tan and Mr Ng, which corroborates the
documentary evidence. Both witnesses came across as neutral and
straightforward. Their evidence was consistent with what they deposed in their
affidavits of evidence-in-chief and with each other. Ms Tan made an impression
as a credible witness who was familiar with the relationship between Mr Wong
and Mr Tin, and the events that led to the breakdown of their relationship and
this suit. Her evidence was clear, and she did not profess to know more than
what was within her knowledge, nor hesitate to qualify her answers while she
was on the stand.

30 When considered together, the evidence points strongly towards the
existence of the Alleged Agreement and the joint venture. The evidence led by
the plaintiffs is not rebutted by the defendants. In this regard, Ms Chen
herself conceded under cross-examination that she had not adduced any evidence
to show that Mr Wong and Mr Tin did not enter into the joint venture. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

6 Oct NE at p 99, lines 22–23.

I am satisfied that the plaintiffs have shown, on a balance of probabilities,
that Mr Wong and Mr Tin were in a joint venture for the purchase and sale of
used cars pursuant to the Alleged Agreement.

The Alleged Terms

31 Mr Wong’s evidence is that he and Mr Tin had agreed to the Alleged Terms,
namely, the Weekly Settlement Term, the Distribution Term and the Refund Term
(see [7] above). The defendants argue that Mr Wong’s evidence is not credible
because of his shifting position during cross-examination. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DCS at paras 31–32.

In gist, they contend that when Mr Wong was queried on when the Alleged
Agreement was entered into and how many meetings Mr Wong and Mr Tin held to
discuss the joint venture, Mr Wong gave inconsistent responses as to the
number of meetings and the terms of the Alleged Agreement that were discussed
during the meetings. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS at paras 31–32.

For instance, Mr Wong initially stated that the Alleged Agreement was entered
into at a meeting when Mr Tin drove the Bentley Car to show it to him, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Notes of Evidence dated 5 October 2022 (“5 Oct NE”) at p 32, lines 5–12.

and all the Alleged Terms were discussed at that meeting. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

5 Oct NE at p 41, lines 14–25 and p 42, lines 11–16.

But subsequently, Mr Wong stated that there was another meeting after the
aforementioned meeting 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

5 Oct NE at p 50, lines 18–24 and p 51, lines 4–11.

at which a further term was discussed. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

5 Oct NE at p 49, line 25 to p 50, line 5 and p 73, lines 9–15.

32 To my mind, it is not unexpected that there are some inconsistencies in Mr
Wong’s evidence due to the challenges in recalling the precise sequence of
verbal discussions relating to the Alleged Agreement, especially since those
events took place nearly six years before his evidence was given at trial.
With the passage of time, Mr Wong’s inability to recall certain details
precisely does not necessarily mean that his evidence is unreliable, or that
he was being untruthful. From my observation of Mr Wong on the stand, Mr Wong
was not an untruthful witness concocting a story about a joint venture in
order to mount a claim against the defendants. He also did not come across as
an opportunist conjuring up a claim against Mr Tin’s estate and taking
advantage of the fact that Mr Tin was not available to contradict his
evidence. While he did not always recall the relevant details pertaining to
the matters that were asked of him, and his evidence was not entirely
consistent at some points, on the whole, his evidence concerning the terms of
the joint venture was congruent with the other available evidence (including
the documentary evidence and the evidence of Ms Tan and Mr Ng). Considering Mr
Wong’s evidence together with the other evidence before the court, I find that
the plaintiffs have proven the Alleged Terms on a balance of probabilities. I
elaborate on each of the Alleged Terms in turn.

The Weekly Settlement Term

33 According to Mr Wong, he and Mr Tin agreed that the accounts of the joint
venture were to be settled weekly and the profits would be distributed by Mr
Tin weekly. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 21.2.

This was done during weekly meetings at Millenia’s office at Sin Ming or at
the Serangoon Coffeeshop, where Mr Tin would update the Notebooks and settle
the accounts of the joint venture and hand over any cash or cash cheques to Mr
Wong if the joint venture made profits that week after deducting the losses.
79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 40; 6 Oct NE at p 53, line 1 to p 54, line 5.

Mr Wong’s evidence is corroborated by Ms Tan and Mr Ng, who gave evidence that
they had often observed Mr Tin and Mr Wong having their weekly meetings
concerning the joint venture, during which they would be looking at the
contents of a notebook. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 16.4; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 16.4.

They also observed Mr Tin passing money in cash to Mr Wong, which they
understood to be the profits of the joint venture. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 16.4; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 16.4.

Mr Wong’s evidence is further corroborated by the profit and loss entries in
the Notebooks. In the circumstances, I accept that the plaintiffs have shown,
on a balance of probabilities, that the Weekly Settlement Term formed part of
the Alleged Agreement.

The Distribution Term

34 According to Mr Wong, he and Mr Tin agreed, pursuant to the Distribution
Term, to share profits and losses in the proportion of 60% to 40%, with Mr Tin
receiving and bearing the larger share of the profits and losses respectively.
82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 21.1.

This is supported by a significant majority of the entries in the Notebooks,
which repeatedly indicate “60%” under the column with the header “Tin” and
“40%” under the column with the header “Boss”. The defendants point out,
however, that certain entries in the Notebooks are inconsistent with the
Distribution Term 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DCS at para 51.

and that there are discrepancies between the Green Notebook and the Blue
Notebook. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCS at paras 52–58.

In view of that, and a lack of any satisfactory explanation from Mr Wong, the
defendants argue that the real arrangement between Mr Wong and Mr Tin was
substantially different from what was pleaded by the plaintiffs. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS at para 59.

35 In respect of the inconsistencies and discrepancies, the Green Notebook
shows seven profit entries (the “Reversed Profit Entries”) that were not
distributed in accordance with the Distribution Term. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS at para 52.1.

The Reversed Profit Entries record a distribution of 40% to 60% with Mr Wong
receiving the larger share. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at para 53(a); 3AB at pp 1601, 1609 and 1610.

Of the seven Reversed Profit Entries, four of them (the “Four Entries”) were
reflected the same way in the Blue Notebook (ie, the distribution was the
reverse of the Distribution Term). 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at para 59; 3AB at pp 1560 and 1561.

In respect of losses, the defendants note that entry 136 in the Green Notebook
does not state how the losses were apportioned. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS at para 52.2; 3AB at p 1602.

On this basis, the defendants argue that there was a different profit-and-
loss-sharing term from the Distribution Term. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DCS at para 54.

36 The defendants further point out the following anomalies with the entries
in the Notebooks:

(a) Thirteen loss entries were not recorded in the Green Notebook but were
recorded in the Blue Notebook (the “13 Loss Entries”), distributed on a 50-50
basis. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DCS at paras 55.1 and 56; 3AB at pp 1553–1562 and 1603–1611.

(b) Entries 108 and 131 in the Green Notebook reflect a profit-and-loss
distribution that was in accordance with the Distribution Term, but the
corresponding entries in the Blue Notebook reflect a profit-and-loss
distribution that was the reverse of that provided for under the Distribution
Term. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DCS at paras 55.2–55.3; 3AB at pp 1521, 1545, 1596 and 1601.

(c) Connected to the point on inconsistent entries above, three of the seven
Reversed Profit Entries (ie, the three entries other than the Four Entries
where the distribution was reflected in both Notebooks in reversed
proportions) were reflected differently in the Green Notebook as compared to
the Blue Notebook. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DCS at paras 53–54; 3AB at pp 1522, 1559, 1601 and 1609.

37 To put the inconsistencies and discrepancies highlighted by the defendants
in perspective, they were identified out of a total of 182 entries in the
Notebooks. The large majority of the entries in the two Notebooks thus support
Mr Wong’s evidence that Mr Wong and Mr Tin had operated in accordance with the
Distribution Term.

38 I accept Mr Wong’s explanation that the Reversed Profit Entries, which were
made manually, were likely mistakes. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

6 Oct NE at p 9, lines 11–24, p 10, line 7 to p 11, line 5, and p 23, line 25
to p 24, line 6.

It is plausible that the ratio was inadvertently handwritten in the inverse.
However, for the 13 Loss Entries that were omitted from the Green Notebook, I
do not accept Mr Wong’s suggestion that Mr Tin had forgotten to make the
entries 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

6 Oct NE at p 13, lines 8–14.

or that Mr Tin was “confused” 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

6 Oct NE at p 14, line 18 to p 21, line 16.

because there were “frequent losses” by the time those entries were recorded.
97

##### Foot Note 97

×

6 Oct NE at p 16, lines 11–14; 3AB at pp 1553–1562.

It is improbable that it was a mistake that the entries were all consistently
made only in one notebook but not the other. I will deal with this point in
greater detail later in the judgment (below at [70]). It suffices for me to
find at this point that on balance, it is more probable that the 13 Loss
Entries were intentionally omitted from the Green Notebook. That having been
said, the 13 Loss Entries were in and of themselves far from sufficient to
show that Mr Tin and Mr Wong had not agreed on the Distribution Term. Overall,
while there were some inconsistencies and discrepancies, I am satisfied that
the plaintiffs have shown, on a balance of probabilities, that the
Distribution Term formed part of the Alleged Agreement.

The Refund Term

39 According to Mr Wong, Mr Tin agreed that upon the termination of the joint
venture, Mr Wong would receive the moneys that he injected into the joint
venture (ie, the Capital Injection Sum) unless the losses ate into the joint
venture capital. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 21.3.

This term is nothing extraordinary when viewed in the context of what appears
to be an informal investment premised on an oral agreement between two friends
who have known each other for over a decade. The Refund Term is neither
unusual nor contrary to commercial sense. The defendants advance no
alternative case to refute the Refund Term, nor any evidence to suggest that
the Capital Injection Sum would not be returned to Mr Wong or that it would be
retained by Mr Tin even after termination of the joint venture.

40 Indeed, I find that the actions of the various actors in the present suit
all point towards an attempt by Mr Tin to raise a substantial sum, in money or
in kind, to transfer value to Mr Wong after the termination of the joint
venture. Their contemporaneous conduct supports the existence of the Refund
Term. The logical inference is that the Capital Injection Sum had to be
returned to Mr Wong after the termination of the joint venture. I explain.

41 Mr Wong’s evidence is that Mr Tin has repaid $130,000 of the Capital
Injection Sum. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at paras 50, 63 and 70.3.

He also gave evidence that Mr Tin made the Durian Plantation Offer, which Mr
Wong refused, and their friendship eventually broke down over the issue of Mr
Tin’s failure to repay the Outstanding Sum. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at paras 62-–64.

In addition, Mr Wong testified during cross-examination that Mdm Yang called
to plead with him not to “go after [Mr Tin]” because Mr Tin was suffering from
illnesses and did not even have the money to see a doctor. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

5 Oct NE at p 106, lines 12–16.

Mr Wong further testified that Mdm Yang had suggested that she would speak to
Mr Tin about whether he could give Mr Wong one of Mr Tin’s properties in
Malaysia, but Mr Wong rejected the offer because the Malaysian property was
worth less than the money owing. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

5 Oct NE at p 106, lines 17–22.

42 Mr Wong’s evidence is corroborated by Ms Tan and Mr Ng, who gave evidence
that in or around the start of 2019, they were informed by Mr Wong and Mr Tin
on separate occasions about the termination of the joint venture. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 18; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 18.

Around that time, Ms Tan and Mr Ng also found out that Mr Wong had begun to
chase Mr Tin for repayment. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 19; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 19.

Then, sometime in or around mid-2019, Mr Wong told them that Mr Tin disclosed
that Mr Tin did not have enough money to make repayment to Mr Wong as Mr Tin’s
funds had been invested in a durian business in Malaysia. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 20; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 20.

In addition, Mr Wong told them that Mr Tin had proposed making repayment by
including Mr Wong’s name in Mr Tin’s durian business but Mr Wong did not
accept that proposal. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 20; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 20.

43 Ms Tan and Mr Ng also gave evidence that they had accompanied Mr Tin to
Malaysia to conduct a site visit of the durian plantation on 25 July 2019. The
trip is evidenced by scanned copies of their passports showing that they
entered Malaysia on 25 July 2019. Mr Tin knew that Ms Tan was a real estate
agent and wanted her help in advertising the sale of his durian business to
potential customers in Singapore. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 21 and Tab 2; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 21 and Tab 2.

During that site visit, Mr Tin told Ms Tan and Mr Ng that he had offered to
put Mr Wong’s name in the durian business as repayment of the moneys owing to
Mr Wong, but Mr Wong had refused Mr Tin’s offer. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 22; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 22.

44 In or around the second half of 2019, Ms Tan and Mr Ng met Mdm Yang for a
meal without Mr Tin, during which they discussed the conflict between Mr Wong
and Mr Tin. During the meal, Mdm Yang mentioned that she had suggested that Mr
Tin make repayment of his debt to Mr Wong by transferring one of his
properties in Malaysia to Mr Wong. Ms Tan and Mr Ng were aware that Mdm Yang’s
suggestion was motivated by her desire for Mr Tin to settle the “debt” with Mr
Wong, and that she did not wish to “lose face” over it. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 24; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 24.

Then, sometime in or around late 2019, Ms Tan and Mr Ng were informed by Mr
Wong that Mdm Yang had called him on behalf of Mr Tin and offered to transfer
one of Mr Tin’s properties in Malaysia to Mr Wong, as tabled by Mdm Yang at
the meal. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 25; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 25.

45 Mr Wong’s evidence on the Refund Term is corroborated by the evidence of
the other witnesses in relation to the Malaysian assets owned by Mr Tin and
the attempts made by Mr Tin or made on behalf of Mr Tin to settle Mr Tin’s
debt to Mr Wong using those assets. To the extent that Mr Tin owned a durian
plantation and/or business and properties in Malaysia, the evidence of the
defendants’ witnesses also lends some corroboration to Mr Wong’s evidence. Mr
Tin’s brother, Mr Tan Lay Huat, whom the defendants called as their witness,
gave evidence that Mr Tin had mentioned plans on acquiring a durian plantation
in Malaysia in 2019. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AEIC of Mr Tan Lay Huat dated 1 August 2022 at para 6.

Similarly, Ms Chen gave evidence that Mr Tin told her about his purchase of
properties and a durian plantation in Malaysia. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at para 33.

46 On a balance of probabilities, I find that Mr Wong and Mr Tin had agreed on
the Refund Term, and that Mr Tin is bound by the Refund Term to return the
remainder of the Capital Injection Sum that was not eaten into by the losses
of the joint venture. The defendants did not adduce any evidence to contend
otherwise, and I find no reason to doubt Mr Wong’s evidence that he and Mr Tin
had agreed on the Refund Term.

Adverse inferences

47 The defendants invite me to draw an adverse inference against the
plaintiffs for failing to call Mr Wong’s sister as a witness. During cross-
examination, Mr Wong testified that his sister was present at the meeting
where he and Mr Tin discussed the terms of the Alleged Agreement. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

5 Oct NE at p 52, line 21 to p 53, line 3.

The defendants contend that given the plaintiffs’ failure to call Mr Wong’s
sister as a witness, I ought to draw an adverse inference that the Alleged
Agreement, the Alleged Terms, and the joint venture itself, did not exist as
pleaded by the plaintiffs. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

DCS at para 36.

48 Section 116 Illustration (g) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“Evidence Act”) allows the court to draw an adverse inference as to any fact
flowing from the nature of the evidence that would likely have emerged if
evidence that could and should have been produced by a party is not so
produced. The drawing of an adverse inference depends on the circumstances of
each case, and it is not the position that in every situation in which a party
fails to call a witness or give evidence, an adverse inference must be drawn
against that party (Sudha Natrajan v The Bank of East Asia Ltd [2017] 1 SLR
141 (“Sudha Natrajan”) at [20]). With specific regard to absent witnesses, the
broad principles governing the drawing of an adverse inference are as follows
(Sudha Natrajan at [20]):

(a) In certain circumstances the court may be entitled to draw adverse
inferences from the absence or silence of a witness who might be expected to
have material evidence to give on an issue in the matter before it.

(b) If the court is willing to draw such inferences, these may go to
strengthen the evidence adduced on that issue by the other party or to weaken
the evidence, if any, adduced by the party who might reasonably have been
expected to call the witness.

(c) There must, however, have been some evidence, even if weak, which was
adduced by the party seeking to draw the inference, on the issue in question,
before the court would be entitled to draw the desired inference: in other
words, there must be a case to answer on that issue which is then strengthened
by the drawing of the inference.

(d) If the reason for the witness’s absence or silence can be explained to the
satisfaction of the court, then no adverse inference may be drawn. If, on the
other hand, a reasonable and credible explanation is given, even if it is not
wholly satisfactory, the potentially detrimental effect of his/her absence or
silence may be reduced or annulled.

49 Here, the adverse inference sought pertains to matters in respect of which
the defendants have not advanced a positive case or any rebutting evidence
(see above at [5]). The Court of Appeal in Sudha Natrajan at [23] made it
clear that “s 116(g) does not afford the court the opportunity to speculate as
to what the evidence may be without some basis for the drawing of the
inference which the opposing party seeks to persuade the court to draw”. An
adverse inference cannot be drawn simply because the defendants take the view
that there is a particular piece of evidence that could have been adduced but
was not. I therefore decline to draw any adverse inference against the
plaintiffs for not calling Mr Wong’s sister as a witness.

50 Separately, the plaintiffs also ask me to draw an adverse inference against
the defendants for failing to call Mdm Yang as a witness at the trial. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 11 November 2022 (“PCS”) at para 74.

This is because Mdm Yang had previously sworn an affidavit dated 23 November
2020 in support of the Estate’s application in HC/SUM 4545/2020 to set aside a
default judgment dated 27 August 2020 that was entered in the present suit.
116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 1 (“1AB”) at pp 204–219; HC/JUD 418/2020.

In that affidavit, she stated that around the end of 2019, Mr Tin received a
call from Mr Wong, but Mr Tin refused to pick up the call and became extremely
angry. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Affidavit of Mdm Yang Lijuan dated 23 November 2020 (“Mdm Yang’s affidavit”)
at para 5 (1AB at 206).

Mdm Yang averred that sometime after that call, she called Mr Wong as she
wanted to see if she could help to resolve the dispute between Mr Tin and Mr
Wong. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Mdm Yang’s affidavit at para 6 (1AB at p 206).

Mdm Yang claimed that in her telephone conversation with Mr Wong, she informed
Mr Wong that Mr Tin and Mr Wong were friends, and that if there were any sums
owing from Mr Tin to Mr Wong, Mr Tin had properties in Malaysia that could be
sold to repay the sums owing. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Mdm Yang’s affidavit at para 8 (1AB at pp 206–207).

Mdm Yang emphasised that she qualified her sentences with the word “if” and
did not admit Mr Tin’s liability to repay Mr Wong. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Mdm Yang’s affidavit at para 8 (1AB at pp 206–207).

Mr Wong, in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), asserted that Mdm
Yang had called him in late 2019 on behalf of Mr Tin and offered to repay the
remaining debt due from Mr Tin to Mr Wong by transferring one of Mr Tin’s
properties in Malaysia to Mr Wong. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 55.

The plaintiffs argue that had Mdm Yang been called to give evidence at trial,
her evidence would have corroborated Mr Wong’s account of this late 2019 call
from Mdm Yang to Mr Wong, 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PCS at para 76.

and would show that even Mr Tin’s wife was aware that sums were owing from Mr
Tin to Mr Wong. The plaintiffs assert that Mdm Yang is best placed to provide
evidence as to whether the call happened, and what was said during the call.
123

##### Foot Note 123

×

PCS at para 79.

The plaintiffs argue that Mdm Yang was a material witness for the defendants,
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PCS at paras 77 and 79.

and that an adverse inference should be drawn by the court against the
defendants for failing to call Mdm Yang to give evidence at trial. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

PCS at para 80.

The adverse inference the plaintiffs seek is the inference that “Mdm Yang had
indeed offered to repay Mr Wong the Outstanding Sum with Mr Tin’s properties
in Malaysia over a telephone call”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PCS at para 80.

On the other hand, the defendants argue that since the plaintiffs bear the
burden of proof in relation to the allegation that Mdm Yang had admitted that
Mr Tin owed Mr Wong the Outstanding Sum, then the plaintiffs should have
called Mdm Yang as their witness. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

DCS at para 72.

Any adverse inference to be drawn should therefore be drawn against the
plaintiffs. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DCS at para 72.

51 In my view, it is not appropriate to draw an adverse inference against
either party for their failure to call Mdm Yang to testify at the trial. It is
not in dispute that Mdm Yang is out of jurisdiction in China. That is a
reasonable and credible explanation (Sudha Natrajan at [20(d)]) for either
side not to have called Mdm Yang as their witness. Indeed, the plaintiffs
stated that they were unable to reach Mdm Yang, since she had returned to
China, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiffs’ Opening Statement dated 26 September 2022 at para 38.

and Mr Wong testified that he did not have the contact number of Mdm Yang. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

5 Oct NE at p 28, lines 16–18.

The plaintiffs’ situation appears to be the same as the defendants’ in that Ms
Chen testified during cross-examination that her last contact with Mdm Yang
was at the start of 2022 and that she had lost contact with Mdm Yang after
that. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

7 Oct NE at p 135, lines 12–15.

Quantum of moneys owing to Mr Wong

52 Having concluded that the plaintiffs have proven, on a balance of
probabilities, that Mr Wong and Mr Tin had entered into the Alleged Agreement
on the Alleged Terms, I turn next to the question of how much was owed by Mr
Tin to Mr Wong.

53 A preliminary issue is whether the joint venture was profitable. This is
because under the Refund Term, the sum of moneys that was to be refunded to Mr
Wong upon the termination of the joint venture would be reduced if the losses
ate into the Capital Injection Sum. Mr Wong’s evidence is that the total
profits of the joint venture amounted to approximately $422,800 as of 3 March
2019, based on the Green Notebook. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 43.

While Ms Chen, in her AEIC, did not expressly agree with the plaintiffs that
the joint venture made profits of $422,800, her main contention with this
figure appears to be that $422,800 is too high, and the profits of the joint
venture must be reduced by a sum of $109,000 to account for losses recorded in
the 13 Loss Entries that the plaintiffs allegedly failed to account for when
computing the profits. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at paras 53–54.

Under cross-examination, Ms Chen also acknowledged that both Notebooks show a
net profit. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

6 Oct NE at p 91, lines 13–22.

The defendants, in their closing submissions, similarly highlighted that the
plaintiffs failed to account for the $109,000 loss allegedly incurred by the
joint venture but did not highlight any other unaccounted loss. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

DCS at paras 75.1 and 79.

Arithmetically, even if the sum of $109,000 was deducted from the plaintiffs’
submission of $422,800, the joint venture would still have made a net profit.
Therefore, I find that prima facie, the Capital Injection Sum is to be
refunded to Mr Wong upon the termination of the joint venture, after deducting
all repayments and unaccounted losses, if any.

54 In the course of the proceedings, it surfaced that there were various
cheque payments made by Mr Tin or Millenia to Mr Wong between December 2016,
around the time that the joint venture was formed, and August 2018, when the
last cheque payment was made.

55 There was a cheque dated 11 December 2016 for a payment of $55,500 (the
“$55,500 Cheque”) 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

3AB at p 1479

to Wan Jin that was recorded as payment to “Kiat” in a bank notebook kept by
Mr Tin. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

3AB at p 1630.

In addition, there were 18 UOB cheques (the “18 UOB Cheques”) issued by Mr Tin
to Mr Wong from 14 February 2017 to 26 August 2019. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

3AB at pp 1500–1517.

These were disclosed through the defendants’ Supplemental List of Documents
filed on 26 January 2022. According to the defendants, the $55,500 Cheque and
18 UOB Cheques totalled $349,100. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

DCS at para 82.

56 The plaintiffs claim that not all these fund transfers relate to the
Capital Injection Sum. Mr Wong explains that Mr Tin frequently approached him
for loans, although he was unable to recall the exact number of loans he had
extended to Mr Tin. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 61.5; 5 Oct NE at p 93, lines 7–17.

To the best of his recollection, all loans prior to the joint venture were
fully repaid. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 61.5.

He recalls that, in particular, he had provided two loans to Mr Tin: one in
the sum of $200,000 (the “$200,000 Loan”) and another in the sum of $55,500
(the “$55,500 Loan”). 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at paras 61.2, 61.3 and 61.5.

Mr Wong states his belief that the $55,500 Cheque was a repayment by Mr Tin of
the $55,500 Loan, which was extended prior to the joint venture. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 61.5.

Mr Wong also identifies two cheques (out of the 18 UOB Cheques), which
totalled $150,000, as forming partial repayment for the $200,000 Loan, which
was extended after the joint venture commenced. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 61.

According to Mr Wong, only five of the 18 UOB Cheques, amounting to $100,000
(the “Five UOB Cheques”), relate to the part payment of $130,000 for the
Capital Injection Sum that Mr Tin had repaid to Mr Wong. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 51.

The Five UOB Cheques were cash cheques. The remaining $30,000 was repaid in
cash (see above at [9]). 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 50.

57 The defendants point out that the plaintiffs’ case shifted significantly
after the disclosure of the $55,500 Cheque and 18 UOB Cheques. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Ms Chen’s AEIC at para 128.

The plaintiffs amended their Statement of Claim four times. Until the third
amendment to the Statement of Claim, the plaintiffs maintained that Mr Tin
made the repayment of $130,000 by way of cash payments in four tranches from
December 2018 to February 2019. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

SOC (Amendment No 3) dated 30 July 2021 at para 9, which paragraph was not
amended until SOC (Amendment No 4).

After the disclosure of the 18 UOB Cheques, the plaintiffs took the position
in the fourth amendment of the Statement of Claim that the mode of payment was
$30,000 in cash and $100,000 in cash cheques from December 2018 to August
2019. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

SOC (Amendment No 4) at para 9 (SB at p 11).

Mr Wong also identifies the Five UOB Cheques as constituting part of the
$130,000 repaid by Mr Tin in respect of the Capital Injection Sum. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 51.

In short, there were shifts in the plaintiffs’ positions as to the mode of
payment (cash as opposed to cash cheques), the dates of the partial repayments
(from up till February 2019 to up till August 2019) and the number of tranches
of payment (from four to more than four). As for the rest of the cheques, Mr
Wong claimed under cross-examination that they were payments for profits from
the joint venture. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

6 Oct NE at p 36, line 1 to p 37, line 5.

58 The defendants submit, in particular, that Mr Wong’s assertion that the
cash cheques of $50,000 and $100,000 issued to Mr Wong respectively in March
2017 and November 2017 were partial repayments for the $200,000 Loan, is
unsupported by other evidence. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

DCS at para 76.

The defendants also submit that the Five UOB Cheques, which Mr Wong had
identified as constituting part of the $130,000 repayment of the Capital
Injection Sum, 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 51.

were in fact separate repayments that should be considered in addition to the
$130,000 cash payment (as opposed to cash cheque repayments) pleaded by the
plaintiffs before the last amendment to the Statement of Claim. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

DCS at para 91; 1Df’s Defence at para 16A (SB at p 36).

The defendants further submit that 11 of the 18 UOB Cheques (ie, the cheques
besides the two cash cheques of $50,000 and $100,000 that Mr Wong claimed were
for partial repayment of the $200,000 loan and the Five UOB Cheques) were
unaccounted for (the “Unaccounted Cheques”). 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

DCS at paras 97 and 98.

59 At this juncture, I pause to note that the burden is on the plaintiffs to
prove their claims. As provided in s 103(1) of the Evidence Act, “[w]hoever
desires any court to give judgment as to any legal right or liability,
dependent on the existence of facts which the person asserts, must prove that
those facts exist”. With this principle in mind, I turn to consider whether
the plaintiffs have proved, on the balance of probabilities, that the
Outstanding Sum amounting to $387,047.27 was owed by Mr Tin.

60 I find that it is improbable that the fund transfers that were made before
December 2018 were partial repayments of the Capital Injection Sum. Instead, I
accept Mr Wong’s evidence that these transfers were payments for the loans
that he had extended to Mr Tin and for payment of profits that were due to him
from the joint venture. I provide my reasons.

61 First, given my finding that the Refund Term is part of the joint venture
agreement, the Capital Injection Sum was only due for repayment upon the
termination of the joint venture. It is Mr Wong’s consistent and corroborated
evidence that the joint venture was terminated around December 2018 or March
2019. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 47.

There is therefore no reason for Mr Tin to have repaid the Capital Injection
Sum using any of the cheques that were dated before December 2018. These
payments included the $55,500 Cheque dated 11 December 2016, 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

3AB at p 1479.

two of the 18 UOB Cheques dated 8 March 2017 and 29 November 2017 which
totalled $150,000 that Mr Wong stated were for part repayment of the $200,000
Loan, 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

3AB at pp 1502 and 1506; Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 61.

and another nine of the 18 UOB Cheques that were issued between 14 February
2017 and 13 August 2018 which amounted to $33,600. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

3AB at pp 1500–1501, 1503–1505 and 1507–1510.

62 Further, in respect of the $55,500 Cheque, I accept Mr Wong’s evidence that
Mr Tin had periodically approached him for loans, and that this was a
repayment for such a loan. The $55,500 Cheque was dated 11 December 2016 (see
[55] above). On the available documentary evidence, it appears that the joint
venture started around 5 or 6 December 2016, which is the date of entry 1 of
the Notebooks (see [21] above). I find that it is improbable that the $55,500
payment was for a repayment of the Capital Injection Sum, given that it was
made around the time that the joint venture was just commencing business. If
Mr Tin had the available funds to repay Mr Wong for Mr Wong’s injection into
the joint venture, it appears counterintuitive for Mr Tin to have done that
instead of injecting the available sum into the joint venture directly.
Further, the $55,500 Cheque predated the Third Cheque for the Capital
Injection Sum. It defies logic that Mr Tin would repay the Capital Injection
Sum on 11 December 2016 only to receive more capital on 14 December 2016.

63 In respect of the partial payment for the $200,000 Loan, Ms Tan and Mr Ng
gave evidence that in or around January 2017, they were informed by both Mr
Wong and Mr Tin on separate occasions of a request by Mr Tin to Mr Wong for a
loan of $200,000, which was eventually given by Mr Wong. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 29; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 29.

They recall that Mr Tin had offered to give jewellery to Mr Wong as a deposit
for the loan. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Ms Tan’s AEIC at para 29.2; Mr Ng’s AEIC at para 29.2.

This corroborates Mr Wong’s testimony at trial. When queried on how he
remembered the $200,000 Loan in particular, he responded, “[b]ecause [Mr Tin]
wanted to give me his wife’s jewellery as a pledge”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

6 Oct NE at p 51, lines 10–11.

Having regard to Mr Wong’s evidence as corroborated by that of Ms Tan and Mr
Ng, I accept that the $200,000 Loan was extended by Mr Wong to Mr Tin.

64 The defendants seek to discredit Mr Wong’s evidence that he made the
$200,000 Loan by highlighting that Mr Wong “only asserted specific details of
the alleged loans given to the late Mr Tin after the disclosure of the 18 UOB
Cheques” [emphasis in original]. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

DCS at para 92.

In my assessment, it is unsurprising that the specific details were provided
after the disclosure of the 18 UOB Cheques. As Mr Wong explained, in relation
to loans made by him to Mr Tin in the past, even before the joint venture
commenced, “[t]o the best of [Mr Wong’s] recollection, [Mr Tin] had made full
repayments of all the earlier loans”. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 61.5

The moneys extended in the past loans between Mr Wong and Mr Tin are not the
subject of the plaintiffs’ claim in this suit. Mr Wong’s evidence as to the
loans between himself and Mr Tin only became relevant after the defendants put
the 18 UOB Cheques into issue, as a means of questioning the sum claimed by
the plaintiffs. Mr Wong’s evidence on the loans between himself and Mr Tin
therefore cannot be dismissed as mere afterthoughts. In view of the foregoing,
I accept that Mr Tin not only owed Mr Wong sums from Mr Wong’s investment in
the joint venture, but also separately owed the $200,000 Loan, and that the
$50,000 and $100,000 cash cheque payments were made in repayment of the
$200,000 Loan.

65 The timeline of events also indicates that the substantial amounts of
$50,000 and $100,000 were made in partial repayment of the $200,000 Loan. It
is uncontroverted that these payments were made in March and November of 2017
respectively. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

1Df’s Defence at para 16A (SB at p 36); 2Df’s Defence at para 21A (SB at p
79).

As earlier mentioned (at [63]), Mr Wong, Ms Tan and Mr Ng gave evidence that
the $200,000 Loan was discussed in or around January 2017. Given that the
payments were made several months after the loan was extended, and given that
the joint venture had only just started out, I accept Mr Wong’s evidence that
the $50,000 and $100,000 payments were to repay the $200,000 Loan.

66 Out of the 18 UOB Cheques, seven were made in or after December 2018. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

3AB at pp 1511–1517.

The seven cheques consist of the Five Cheques that went towards the $130,000
partial repayment of the Capital Injection Sum and two other cheques, one
dated 15 March 2019 for $7,000 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

3AB at p 1513.

and another dated 26 August 2019 for $3,000. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

3AB at p 1517.

Mr Wong’s evidence in his AEIC is that he and Mr Tin only ceased the profit-
and-loss-sharing arrangement in or around March 2019. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at paras 21.1 and 47.

This is corroborated by the Notebooks, which, as noted above at [21]–[22],
show that the joint venture conducted business until at least 3 March 2019,
which was the date of the final handwritten entry in both Notebooks
documenting the purchase and sale of used cars. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

3AB at pp 1562 and 1611.

I accept that the cheque dated 15 March 2019 for $7,000 was issued to pay Mr
Wong his share of the profits from the joint venture. However, in relation to
the final cheque of $3,000 dated 26 August 2019, I am not satisfied that it
was for the payment of Mr Wong’s share of the profits. By then, the joint
venture had been terminated, and there is no evidence of any sale or purchase
of used cars made by the joint venture or any profit to distribute. Based on
Mr Wong’s own case, it is improbable for him to receive any payment for a
profit made by the joint venture in August 2019. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 47.

I therefore do not accept the explanation given by Mr Wong, when he was
confronted during cross-examination, that Mr Tin had continued to pay him his
share of the profits up till August 2019. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

6 Oct NE at p 37, line 16 to p 38, line 24.

The $3,000 payment should therefore be deducted from the Outstanding Sum that
Mr Wong claims was owing to him.

67 As for the amendments in the plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim with respect to
the particulars of the partial repayments for the Capital Injection Sum after
the disclosure of the 18 UOB Cheques and the $55,500 Cheque, I am of the view
that taken in the round, they do not undermine the veracity of the evidence
given by Mr Wong in support of the plaintiffs’ claim. In addition to my
observations at [32] concerning the veracity of Mr Wong's evidence in general,
my further reasons specific to these issues are as follows:

(a) I accept as probable Mr Wong’s explanation that he previously stated that
he was paid in cash because “cash cheques [are] equivalent to cash”. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

6 Oct NE at p 34, lines 2–6; 3AB at pp 1511–1512 and 1514–1516.

Indeed, on the face of the Five Cheques adding up to $100,000 which Mr Wong
testified was paid by Mr Tin in partial repayment of the Capital Injection
Sum, 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at paras 51–52; 3AB at pp 1511–1512 and 1514–1516.

“cash” was reflected in the “Pay” line. Moreover, I note that in Mr Tin’s own
records, two of the payments to Mr Wong that were part of the 18 UOB cheques
were reflected as “CASH” even though the payment was made via cash cheque. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

See 3AB at pp 1633 and 1637 for Mr Tin’s records, which correspond to the cash
cheques exhibited at 3AB at pp 1503 and 1508.

(b) As for the change in the number of tranches of repayment and when the last
partial repayment for the Capital Injection Sum was received, Mr Wong’s
explanation under cross-examination was that he had made an error initially
because of “a lapse of time”, that he “did not pay careful attention to when
the payments were made”, and that he “merely knew that in total [Mr Tin]
repaid [Mr Wong] $130,000”. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

6 Oct NE at p 34, lines 9–19.

While Mr Wong’s explanation might suggest some uncertainty in his evidence,
this must be considered within the context of how Mr Wong and Mr Tin conducted
their business with each other. Their dealings were informal and lacking in
proper documentation or records specifying the dates and amounts of the
repayments for the Capital Injection Sum. It is therefore unsurprising that Mr
Wong may not have recalled every detail with unerring precision.

(c) I accept Mr Wong’s evidence that he was repaid only $130,000. Mr Wong did
not claim, at any point, for the whole of the Capital Injection Sum. In his
letter of demand dated 7 July 2020, Mr Wong took the position that Mr Tin had
repaid $130,000. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

4AB at pp 2050–2051, para 7.

This position has been maintained consistently throughout, before and after
the discovery process, without Mr Wong being confronted by adverse documentary
evidence and compelled to concede that the debt owing from Mr Tin was reduced
by the sum of $130,000.

(d) I also observe that there was a change in the nature of the sums stated in
the 18 UOB Cheques across time. I set out the dates and amounts of the 18 UOB
Cheques in a table: 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

3AB at pp 1500–1517 and 1631–1642.

S/No| Date| Amount  
---|---|---  
1.| 14 February 2017| $2,000.00  
2.| 28 February 2017| $2,000.00  
3.| 8 March 2017| $50,000.00  
4.| 6 September 2017| $3,000.00  
5.| 7 November 2017| $3,500.00  
6.| 27 November 2017| $7,400.00  
7.| 29 November 2017| $100,000.00  
8.| 4 January 2018| $2,500.00  
9.| 11 June 2018| $4,600.00  
10.| 24 July 2018| $4,200.00  
11.| 13 August 2018| $4,400.00  
12.| 10 December 2018| $20,000.00  
13.| 23 December 2018| $30,000.00  
14.| 15 March 2019| $7,000.00  
15.| 16 June 2019| $30,000.00  
16.| 18 June 2019| $10,000.00  
17.| 25 August 2019| $10,000.00  
18.| 26 August 2019| $3,000.00  
  
(e) The UOB cheques that were dated before December 2018, excluding the two
cheques dated 8 March 2017 and 29 November 2017 for part repayment of the
$200,000 Loan as discussed at [63]–[65] above, had relatively smaller and
uneven amounts ranging from $2,000 in the cheque dated 14 February 2017 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

3AB at p 1500.

to $7,400 in the cheque dated 27 November 2017. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

3AB at p 1505.

In contrast, five out of the seven cheques issued from December 2018 onwards
had large round amounts of between $10,000 and $30,000. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

3AB at pp 1511, 1512, 1514–1516.

Such a pattern of payments is consistent with the picture painted by Mr Wong.
The payments prior to December 2018, which, according to Mr Wong were largely
for the distribution of the profits of the joint venture, 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

6 Oct NE at p 36, line 1 to p 37, line 5.

were, as one would expect, smaller and less even, while the payments from
December 2018 onwards for the gradual paying down of the Capital Injection Sum
were logically larger.

(f) Although the defendants have adduced two partially redacted notebooks
containing Mr Tin’s records of various payments made by Mr Tin to Mr Wong, 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

DCS at paras 80–82; 3AB at pp 1629–1644.

the visible transaction records in the notebooks show only the payments made
via the 18 UOB Cheques and the $55,500 Cheque. The defendants do not argue
that Mr Tin’s records evidence further payments made by Mr Tin to Mr Wong
beyond the sums represented by the 18 UOB Cheques and the $55,500 Cheque. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

DCS at para 82.

In my view, if it is the defendants’ case that Mr Tin had made further
repayments of the Capital Injection Sum after December 2018 beyond the
$130,000 conceded by Mr Wong, then it is incumbent on the defendants to adduce
some evidence of such repayments, or an explanation of why these repayments
were not reflected in Mr Tin’s records.

68 Viewed as a whole, Mr Wong’s evidence is credible and is generally
consistent with the available documentary evidence and the evidence of the
witnesses. For these reasons, I am satisfied that the last set of amendments
to the plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim and the explanation given by Mr Wong
were not fabricated to explain away the $55,500 Cheque and the 18 UOB Cheques.

69 I turn next to the 13 Loss Entries. The defendants argue that the
Outstanding Sum is “likely to be erroneously arrived at” given that there were
“losses from the [joint venture] that were not accounted for”. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

DCS at para 75.

The defendants contend that the plaintiffs have failed to take into account
the 13 Loss Entries, which were missing from the Green Notebook (ie, Mr Wong’s
copy) and recorded only in the Blue Notebook (ie, Mr Tin’s copy). 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

DCS at paras 78–79.

These losses total $109,000. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

DCS at para 79; 3AB at pp 1553–1562.

The defendants submit that the Outstanding Sum should be reduced by 40% of
$109,000, in accordance with the Distribution Term. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

DCS at para 79.

70 Looking at the dates of the 13 Loss Entries, the first of which was made on
24 May 2018 and the last of which was made on 3 March 2019, 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

DCS at para 55.1; 3AB at pp 1553 and 1562.

it appears that Mr Tin started to omit to inform Mr Wong of losses towards the
later part of the joint venture. In contrast, when a loss was made early in
the joint venture, the loss was reflected in both Notebooks, for instance, in
entry 6 of both the Blue and Green Notebooks dated 16 December 2016. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

3AB at pp 1522 and 1574.

As noted above, Mr Wong attributed the omissions to Mr Tin having forgotten to
make the entry 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

6 Oct NE at p 13, lines 8–14.

or to Mr Tin being “confused” because there were “frequent losses”. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

6 Oct NE at p 14, line 18 to p 21, line 16.

I cannot agree with Mr Wong. In my view, a reasonable inference can be made
that Mr Tin intentionally omitted to inform Mr Wong of the losses in the 13
Loss Entries to preserve their collaboration in the light of the stress and
pressures arising from the losses that had afflicted the joint venture. I
therefore agree with the defendants that the losses should be taken into
account in computing the Outstanding Sum. Pursuant to the Distribution Term,
which I have found to have been proven on the balance of probabilities, the
losses were to be shared in the proportion of 60% (Mr Tin): 40% (Mr Wong). 40%
of the total losses in the 13 Loss Entries, being 40% of $109,000, which is
$43,600, should be accounted for in determining the amount that was owed by Mr
Tin to Mr Wong.

71 In accordance with my findings as set out in [66] and [70] above, I find
$340,447.27 to be the amount of the remaining Capital Injection Sum that was
owed by Mr Tin to Mr Wong, as follows:

Capital Injection Sum| $517,047.27  
---|---  
Less $130,000 repayment acknowledged by Mr Wong| -$130,000  
Less cheque dated 27 August 2019| -$3,000  
Less 40% of losses in 13 Loss Entries| -$43,600  
Total| =$340,447.27  
  
Whether the plaintiffs are barred from recovering an amount that is lower than
$387,047.27

72 The defendants refer to Edmund Tie & Co (SEA) Pte Ltd v Savills Residential
Pte Ltd [2018] 5 SLR 349 (“Edmund Tie”), in which the applicant’s statement of
claim prayed for the payment of a specific contract sum. In that case, Choo
Han Teck J dismissed the applicant’s application for leave to appeal against
the learned District Judge’s decision on the basis that the applicant was
bound by his pleaded case (see [11] of Edmund Tie) and that the learned
District Judge had made the correct order in not granting something that the
applicant did not ask for (see [14] of Edmund Tie). Choo J observed that the
applicant’s solicitors had missed out eight crucial words in their statement
of claim, namely, “or such sum as the court deems fit” immediately after the
words “[a]nd the [applicant] claims against the [respondent] … the sum of
$13,385.70” (Edmund Tie at [9]).

73 Here, the defendants argue that the plaintiffs’ claim is similarly an “all
or nothing” claim such that if this court is not satisfied that the precise
sum owing was the Outstanding Sum as pleaded, then the plaintiffs may not
claim a lesser amount, since that would be inconsistent with the plaintiffs’
own version of the facts, namely, that Mr Tin only repaid $130,000. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

DCS at para 27.

74 In the present case, the key issues with the plaintiffs’ version of events
pertain to the $3,000 cheque dated 26 August 2019 and the deduction of
$43,600, being 40% of the total losses in the 13 Loss Entries, which were not
taken into account by the plaintiffs in the calculation of the Outstanding
Sum. In my judgment, Edmund Tie is distinguishable. The plaintiffs seek an
“order that Mr Tin and/or the Estate and/or the Defendants pay the Plaintiffs
the Outstanding Sum in the amount of $387,047.27”, which “Outstanding Sum” is
defined as follows: “Mr Tin and/or the Estate remains liable to [Mr Wong] in
the sum of $387,047.27 (the “Outstanding Sum”), being the balance amount due
for the refund of [Mr Wong’s] capital upon [Mr Wong’s] termination of the
joint venture”. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

SOC (Amendment No 4) at prayer 4 and para 12 (SB at pp 12 and 17).

The plaintiffs have not limited themselves to either a claim for $387,047.27
or nothing and it is open to the court to make a finding on the “balance
amount due for the refund” in respect of Mr Wong’s capital contribution.
Further, in Edmund Tie, the plaintiff would have had to rely on facts that he
had challenged in order to claim the sum he sought in that action (see [5] and
[10] of Edmund Tie). The same issue does not present itself here. Here, the
plaintiffs must prove that the Outstanding Sum, as they have quantified it, is
due. If they are unable to prove part of that amount, it is not necessarily a
contradiction to their entitlement to the part of the sum that they are able
to prove. Indeed, the court “may award less but not more than what an
applicant claims” (Swee Wan Enterprises Pte Ltd v Yak Thye Peng [2019] SGHC
149 at [80] referring to Edmund Tie at [10]).

The plaintiffs’ causes of action

75 The cases the parties presented in their closing submissions are akin to
ships that pass in the night. The plaintiffs focus on a claim that is based on
arguments pertaining to trusts. They contend that the defendants hold the
Outstanding Sum on a common intention constructive trust that arose between Mr
Wong and Mr Tin. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

PCS at paras 19, 29–37.

Alternatively, they contend that the Outstanding Sum is held on a resulting
trust in favour of the plaintiffs. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

PCS at paras 19, 38–40.

Although the plaintiffs’ statement of claim alluded to a claim for moneys
owing under the Alleged Agreement (ie, a claim in debt), their closing
submissions did not expressly address arguments on this basis.

76 In contrast, the focus of the defendants’ closing submissions is on
defending a claim in debt. The defendants argue that the plaintiffs have not
discharged their burden of proving the existence of the Alleged Agreement, the
Alleged Terms, the joint venture, or that the Outstanding Sum is owing to Mr
Wong. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

DCS at paras 30–101.

The defendants make no submissions on trusts at all, even in their reply
closing submissions, after having had sight of the plaintiffs’ closing
submissions.

77 In view of the divergence and lack of clarity in the parties’ closing
submissions, I directed the parties to clarify their positions on whether (and
if so, how) a trust may arise in the context of the Alleged Agreement, and
whether the plaintiffs are claiming in contract for moneys due for refund
under the Alleged Agreement or proceeding only based on a common intention
constructive trust or resulting trust. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

Minute Sheet for hearing on 4 January 2023; Letter from court dated 5 January
2023.

78 The plaintiffs tendered further submissions on 16 January 2023, clarifying
that they are indeed pursuing a claim in debt for moneys due for refund under
the Alleged Agreement. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Plaintiffs’ Further Written Submissions dated 16 January 2023 (“PFS”) at paras
32–35.

As for the defendants, they argue in their further submissions that the
plaintiffs’ case had been based on a trust claim and that there is no basis
for the plaintiffs to assert a claim for moneys due for refund under the
Alleged Agreement. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Defendants’ Further Submissions dated 16 January 2023 (“DFS”) at paras 16–22.

79 I therefore directed the parties to specifically address, in their reply to
each other’s further submissions, whether the plaintiffs have properly pleaded
their claim in debt, and whether the defendants have suffered any prejudice
relating to discovery, leading of evidence, cross-examination and closing
submissions. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Letter from court dated 25 January 2023.

80 As will be elaborated upon further below, the plaintiffs submit that they
have properly pleaded a cause of action in debt and included prayers in their
statement of claim in that regard, and that no prejudice to the defendants
will arise from the plaintiffs’ clarification on the alternative claim in
debt. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply to Further Written Submissions dated 1 February 2023
(“PRFS”) at paras 3.3–3.5.

The defendants, on the other hand, submit that the plaintiffs have not
properly pleaded a claim in debt, that a claim in debt will constitute a
“brand-new and distinct cause of action”, and that they are prejudiced by the
plaintiffs’ late clarification. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Defendants’ Reply Further Submissions dated 1 February 2023 (“DRFS”) at paras
16 and 20–23.

81 I turn first to deal with the plaintiffs’ claim in trust and the parties’
submissions, including the further submissions that they made in response to
the court’s directions for clarifications, before doing the same for the
plaintiffs’ claim in debt.

The claim in trust

Parties’ submissions

82 The plaintiffs’ submission is that the first defendant holds the
Outstanding Sum on a common intention constructive trust in favour of the
plaintiffs. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

PFS at para 4.

This is because Mr Wong and Mr Tin had an oral agreement showing a common
intention that the Capital Injection Sum would be returned to Mr Wong upon the
termination of the joint venture (ie, the Refund Term). 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

PFS at para 6.

Mr Wong had transferred the Capital Injection Sum to Mr Tin to Mr Wong’s
detriment. It is therefore unconscionable for the Estate to retain the sum.
206

##### Foot Note 206

×

PFS at para 7.

83 In the alternative, the plaintiffs argue that a resulting trust has arisen
by operation of law as there was no intention on Mr Wong’s part to benefit Mr
Tin or the Estate when transferring the Capital Injection Sum. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

PFS at para 24.

The defendants bear the burden of proving that Mr Wong had injected the sum
with the intention to benefit, or to make a gift to, Mr Tin or the Estate, and
the defendants have failed to discharge this burden. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

PFS at paras 24–27.

84 The defendants submit that the common intention constructive trust and the
resulting trust analyses do not apply in the present case involving an alleged
oral agreement with defined terms. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

DFS at para 15.

The defendants submit that the common intention constructive trust doctrine is
only deployed where there is no express agreement between the disputing
parties as to how the beneficial ownership in the property in question would
be allocated between them, 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

DFS at para 12.

but the plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that there was such an express agreement.
211

##### Foot Note 211

×

DFS at para 15a.

The defendants further argue that the resulting trust analysis does not apply
on the present facts because the presumption of resulting trust only operates
where there is no evidence from which to prove or infer the intention of the
transferor, whereas in the present suit, the court is presented with a
positive case concerning the actual intention and desires of Mr Wong as the
transferor of the Capital Injection Sum. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

DFS at para 14.

85 The defendants conclude by adding that the trust doctrine cannot apply to
the entire Outstanding Sum, given that a portion of the capital injected by Mr
Wong into the joint venture was paid to UOB rather than Mr Tin. Therefore, Mr
Tin would not have been a trustee of that sum paid to UOB. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

DFS at para 23a.

Analysis

(1) The law

86 Courts have found constructive trusts in a myriad of scenarios. In
exploring the foundations of the constructive trust doctrine, some
commentators have observed that constructive trusts arise “in response to
unconscionable conduct and in circumstances where it is inequitable for the
defendant to retain the property” (Christopher Hare and Vincent Ooi, Singapore
Trusts Law (LexisNexis, 1st Ed, 2021) at para 10-17). This language of
unconscionability is indeed evident in authorities on various sub-species of
constructive trusts (see, for example, Guy Neale and others v Nine Squares Pty
Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 1097 at [124]–[125], Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve
(sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3
SLR 801 at [171]–[172] and Estate of Yang Chun (Mrs) née Sun Hui Min, deceased
v Yang Chia-Yin [2019] 5 SLR 593 at [103]). In relation to common intention
constructive trusts, the Court of Appeal in Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun
[2014] 3 SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”) observed that in English law, the “common
intention constructive trust was developed to mitigate the arithmetic rigour
of the resulting trust when ascertaining property rights upon the breakdown of
a relationship in the domestic context” (at [95]).

87 The elements of a common intention constructive trust were recently
summarised in Er Kok Yong v Tan Cheng Cheng (as co-administratrix of the
estate of Spencer Tuppani, deceased) and others [2023] SGHC 58 (“Er Kok Yong”)
at [18], as follows:

… As the name suggests, a common intention constructive trust arises “where it
is clear that there is a common intention among parties as to how their
beneficial interests are to be held”: per the Court of Appeal (“CA”) in Su
Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another [2016] 3 SLR 1222 (“Su
Emmanuel”) at [83]. To successfully invoke the common intention constructive
trust, the common intention – which subsists either at, or subsequent to, the
time the property was acquired – may either be express or inferred; and there
must be sufficient and compelling evidence of the express or inferred common
intention: Su Emmanuel at [83] citing Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3
SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”) at [160(b)] and [160(f)]. Apart from proving the
common intention, detrimental reliance on that common intention must also be
shown: per the CA in Ong Chai Soon v Ong Chai Koon and others [2022] 2 SLR 457
at [40] – [41]

88 As for resulting trusts, the court in the recent case of Acute Result
Holdings Ltd v CGS-CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (formerly known as CIMB
Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd) [2022] SGHC 45 (“Acute Result”) at [68]–[69]
provided an overview of the circumstances under which a resulting trust
arises:

68 A resulting trust arises when a transferor transfers property to a
transferee lacking the intention to benefit the transferee: Lau Siew Kim v Yeo
Guan Chye Terence [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 at [35] (“Lau Siew Kim”); Chan Yuen Lan
v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 at [43] (“Chan Yuen Lan”). The two factual
elements which give rise to a resulting trust are therefore: (a) a transfer of
property to a transferee; and (b) circumstances in which the transferor does
not intend to benefit the transferee: Moh Tai Siang v Moh Tai Tong and another
[2018] SGHC 280 at [72]; Robert Chambers, Resulting Trusts (Clarendon Press,
Oxford 1997) (“Chambers’ Resulting Trusts”) at p 32, accepted in Lau Siew Kim
at [35].

69 A transferor’s lack of intention to benefit the transferee can be
established in two ways: (a) by a failure to rebut the presumption of
resulting trust which arises when a transferee of property does not provide
the whole of the consideration for the transfer; or (b) by evidence of the
transferor’s intention with respect to the transfer. The court should not
resort to the presumption if there is evidence which can prove the
transferor’s intention or from which that intention can be inferred: Chan Yuen
Lan at [51] (broadly approving Neo Hui Ling v Ang Ah Sew [2012] 2 SLR 831 at
[25]).

89 In relation to ordinary commercial transactions, the Court of Appeal held
in Hinckley Singapore Trading Pte Ltd v Sogo Department Stores (S) Pte Ltd
(under judicial management) [2001] 3 SLR(R) 119 (“Hinckley”) at [18], citing
Henry v Hammond [1913] 2 KB 515 at 521, that absent other indicators of a
trust, it would be unlikely for a trust to arise in a situation where the
recipient of money is not bound to keep the money separate, but is instead
entitled to mix it with his own money and deal with it as he pleases. In such
a scenario, when the recipient is called upon to hand over an equivalent sum
of money, then, he is not a trustee of the money, but merely a debtor. It has
also been observed that courts are “reluctant to introduce equitable doctrines
into non-familial matters”, and that “commerce would be impossible if payments
ordinarily create a trust” (see Attorney-General v Aljunied-Hougang-Punggol
East Town Council [2015] 4 SLR 474 (“AHPETC”) at [122]).

(2) My decision

90 In my judgment, the plaintiffs’ claim on the basis of trusts is
misconceived and must fail. I explain.

(A) Common intention constructive trust

91 It is clear that a common intention constructive trust can arise where
there is an express discussion on how the beneficial interest in the property
is to be shared: see Chan Yuen Lan at [97]. Indeed, express discussions are
the clearest basis upon which the requisite common intention can be found,
without needing to resort to the inferred common intention analysis based on
contributions to purchase price. However, the requisite common intention must
be in relation to the beneficial interest in the property: Chan Yuen Lan at
[96]–[97]. This is echoed in the recent Court of Appeal decision in Ong Chai
Soon v Ong Chai Koon and others [2022] 2 SLR 457 at [34].

92 I find that the plaintiffs have failed to prove the requisite common
intention. The plaintiffs’ submission is that the parties had a common
intention that the Capital Injection Sum should be returned to Mr Wong upon
the termination of the joint venture and understood that it was not meant as a
gift for Mr Tin. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

PFS at paras 6–7.

This says nothing about the parties’ common intention in relation to
beneficial interest in identifiable trust property and is, instead, consistent
with an ordinary loan (which typically provides for the return of the loaned
capital after a specified time or upon the occurrence of a specified event).
In this case, the Capital Injection Sum was placed at the disposal of Mr Tin
and not kept separate. Mr Wong’s evidence is that the “funds derived from the
cheques were subsequently utilised by Mr Tin as capital in the joint venture
for the purchase and sale of used vehicles, which continued until it was
terminated”. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at para 23.

It is also Mr Wong’s evidence that in relation to the Three Cheques
representing sums that constitute the Capital Injection Sum, the first sum of
$336,547.27 was used to acquire the Bentley Car for the joint venture, and the
second and third sums of $60,800 and $119,700 were paid into the bank account
of Millenia for the joint venture to carry out its business. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

Mr Wong’s AEIC at paras 22.1–22.3.

This evidence is consistent with Mr Wong’s case that, under the joint venture,
Mr Wong was to provide capital whilst Mr Tin would handle day-to-day
operations. However, it does not evidence any common intention as to
beneficial interest.

93 Evidentiary shortcomings aside, the plaintiffs’ claim on common intention
constructive trust fails in principle as there was no detrimental reliance.
The only detriment raised by the plaintiffs is the fact that the Capital
Injection Sum was transferred by Mr Wong to Mr Tin. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

PFS at para 7.

On the plaintiffs’ own pleaded case, the Capital Injection Sum was paid
pursuant to the Alleged Agreement (the existence of which I accept). There is
no detrimental reliance giving rise to a common intention constructive trust,
given that Mr Wong merely did what he had contracted to do. The Capital
Injection Sum was the consideration provided by Mr Wong in exchange for a cut
of the profits earned through Mr Tin’s on-sale of used cars. In the
circumstances, there is nothing unconscionable in mutually agreed quid pro quo
pursuant to a contract that both parties have voluntarily concluded. Indeed,
it is the plaintiffs’ case, and I have found, that the joint venture was
profitable.

94 There is another reason the plaintiffs’ claim on common intention
constructive trust must fail. The plaintiffs’ submission is essentially that a
contract which provides for the eventual return of a transferred sum will
establish the requisite common intention, and the very fact of that transfer
is itself sufficient to constitute the detrimental reliance necessary to give
rise to a common intention constructive trust. The effect of the plaintiffs’
proposition is that debtors in a very wide range of loan instruments are
regarded as constructive trustees, allowing creditors to easily circumvent the
rules of priority in insolvency law.

95 Before I leave this point to consider the plaintiffs’ arguments on
resulting trust, I observe that common intention constructive trust is
typically analysed in relation to the acquisition of real property. The
plaintiffs did not explain how or why the common intention constructive trust
analysis applies to money, which is property that is fungible, unlike in the
usual case involving an identifiable property with bifurcated legal and
equitable interests, and where the legal interest is registered under a system
of ownership. As a decision on the issue of whether a common intention
constructive trust can and should be applied to money is not necessary for the
disposal of the plaintiffs’ claim, I say no more on this issue.

(B) Resulting Trust

96 The plaintiffs’ claim on resulting trust must similarly fail in light of
their pleaded case. The Capital Injection Sum was provided by Mr Wong pursuant
to the Alleged Agreement, in order to provide the capital needed for the
operation of the joint venture. In accordance with the Distribution Term, the
joint venture was to be for the mutual benefit of both parties. This was a
benefit that was actually intended to be conferred by Mr Wong to Mr Tin in
transferring the Capital Injection Sum. This alone is sufficient to dispose of
the resulting trust claim, which depends on a lack of intention to benefit.
Indeed, Mr Tin’s conscience was in no way affected by the fund transfer to
him. There is no reason for equity to intervene by imposing a resulting trust.

97 In summary, there is no basis for a trust to arise on the present facts,
nor any reason for importing trust doctrines into the present commercial
arrangements between Mr Wong and Mr Tin. Accordingly, I dismiss the
plaintiffs’ claim that is based on the law of trusts.

98 The failure of the plaintiffs’ claim based on the law of trusts, however,
is not the end of the matter. I will turn now to the plaintiffs’ alternative
claim in debt to ascertain if it is made out.

The claim in debt

Parties’ submissions

99 As mentioned at [78], the plaintiffs clarified, in their further
submissions dated 16 January 2023, that they are pursuing an alternative claim
in debt for the Outstanding Sum. 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

PFS at paras 32–35.

This clarification, which came after the respective closing submissions were
filed, naturally gives rise to the issue of whether this claim in debt was
adequately pleaded and canvassed during trial and the closing submissions, and
whether the defendants are in any way prejudiced by the clarification.

100 The plaintiffs argue that pleadings only need to set out the essential
factual material that supports a claim. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

PRFS at para 16.

In this regard, the plaintiffs argue that they have sufficiently proved the
relevant material facts for a claim in debt, namely that (a) a transfer of
money was made to Mr Tin, and (b) the Outstanding Sum was due for refund to Mr
Wong. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

PRFS at para 18.

The plaintiffs also submit that this claim in debt has been sufficiently
pleaded at prayers four and eight of their Statement of Claim. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

PRFS at paras 14–15.

101 The plaintiffs submit that their clarification that they are claiming in
debt did not prejudice the defendants, given that the defendants’ pleadings
were premised on a defence to a claim in debt. In addition, the material
evidence relating to the claim in debt had been sufficiently disclosed by both
parties over the course of discovery, and when the evidence from the witnesses
was canvassed, 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

PRFS at paras 22–23.

and the defendants’ primary case is in fact directed towards disproving a
claim in debt. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

PRFS at paras 24–28.

102 The defendants contend that the plaintiffs have not properly pleaded their
claim in debt, 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

DRFS at para 16.

as the plaintiffs’ pleaded case was premised solely on a claim under resulting
trust, 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

DRFS at para 16.

and the plaintiffs’ closing submissions were premised on common intention
constructive trust with resulting trust analysis as an alternative. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

DFS at paras 16–22.

The defendants contend that it is manifestly unfair and inequitable for the
plaintiffs to assert that the plaintiffs’ claim is also based on moneys due
for refund as a debt under the Alleged Agreement. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

DFS at paras 21–22

103 The defendants further assert that they are prejudiced as the plaintiffs’
claim in debt is a “brand-new and distinct cause of action”. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

DRFS at paras 22–23.

The defendants argue that if the plaintiffs are allowed to introduce a brand-
new cause of action, the plaintiffs will get a “second bite at the cherry”.
229

##### Foot Note 229

×

DRFS at paras 25 and 29.

Analysis

104 In my judgment, the claim in contract for moneys due for refund under the
Alleged Agreement was pleaded by the plaintiffs, and no prejudice has been
occasioned to the defendants by the plaintiffs’ claim in debt.

105 The Court of Appeal in V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of
Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another
[2015] 5 SLR 1422 (“V Nithia”) examined the law on pleadings and held, at
[43], that the specific term of art for a particular cause of action did not
have to be specifically pleaded, though if such a cause of action is to be
relied on, the pleadings should at the very least disclose the material facts
which would support such a claim, so as to give the opponent fair notice of
the substance of such a case. The Court of Appeal proceeded to analyse the
nature of the claims in V Nithia and concluded that the first respondent’s
failure in that case to expressly plead his claim in proprietary estoppel and
the material facts necessary to establish the cause of action for proprietary
estoppel was fatal (at [44]–[46]).

106 More recently, in Acute Result, the court accepted that the plaintiff had
changed its case between its pleadings and its closing submissions (at
[60]–[63]). The plaintiff’s statement of claim had asserted that a company,
Lioncap Global, was in a trustee/beneficiary relationship with the plaintiff
by virtue of contractual terms found in certain agreements made in 2016.
However, in the plaintiff’s closing submissions, the plaintiff argued that a
resulting trust had arisen when the plaintiff transferred shares to Lioncap
Global, and this share transfer had taken place after 2016\. The defendant
argued that on the pleadings, although the plaintiff had pleaded expressly
that it was beneficially entitled to the shares, it was nowhere pleaded that
Lioncap Global held the shares on trust for the plaintiff, let alone on
resulting trust. The court proceeded to examine the plaintiff’s case, as
revised in its closing submissions, opining that a pleader’s duty was to plead
facts not law – once the material facts have been pleaded, the pleader can
develop the legal consequences of those facts in submissions, with the proviso
that the legal consequences which the pleader develops in submissions must not
take the opposing party by surprise so as to cause it prejudice which cannot
be remedied (at [64]).

107 Paragraphs 12 and 13 of the plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim (Amendment No
4), under the heading “The Plaintiffs’ Claims”, make it clear that the
plaintiffs are claiming the Outstanding Sum from the Estate. Although the
plaintiffs then proceeded to plead at paragraph 14 of the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 4) that the Outstanding Sum is held by the Estate on trust for
and on behalf of the plaintiffs upon the termination of the joint venture,
there is no doubt that the plaintiffs are asking for a return of the balance
amount of the Capital Injection Sum that is due for refund upon the
termination of the joint venture. In fact, in portions of the Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 4), the Outstanding Sum has also been referred to as “just
debts of the Estate” (see paras 2A and 17 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment
No 4)). Further, as the plaintiffs point out, prayer four of their Statement
of Claim (Amendment No 4) seeks an “order that Mr Tin and/or the Estate and/or
the Defendants pay the Plaintiffs the Outstanding Sum in the amount of
$387,047.27”. That prayer, when read with paragraphs 12 and 13 of their
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4), makes it plain that the plaintiffs are
seeking an order for the return of the moneys invested in the joint venture as
constituted by the Outstanding Sum. I therefore cannot agree with the
defendants that they do not have fair notice of the plaintiff’s claim in debt.

108 For completeness, I mention that the plaintiffs are off the mark when they
submit that they can rely on prayer eight of the Statement of Claim (Amendment
No 4), where the plaintiffs prayed for “such further or other relief as this
Honourable Court deems fit and/or just”, for the plaintiffs’ claim in debt. As
noted by the court in Edmund Tie at [12], a prayer along such lines is
intended to enable the court to make such orders that may facilitate the
execution of the main orders, rather than a prayer for a substantive order.

109 I move on to consider the issue of prejudice to the defendants. As I have
observed above at [107], the defendants cannot be said to have been taken by
surprise. Both the first and second defendants have pleaded in their defence
that the plaintiffs’ statement of claim is not admitted in so far as it
asserts that “the Outstanding Sum are just debts of the Estate”. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

1Df’s Defence at para 3A(ii) (SB at p 32); 2Df’s Defence at para 4 (SB at pp
72–73).

The Estate further averred in its defence that Mr Tin “would have informed his
family if there was an alleged debt owed to the 1st Plaintiff” 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

1Df’s Defence at para 24 (SB at p 39).

and Ms Chen averred that “the Plaintiffs have not sufficiently proven their
debt that [sic] there was in fact a valid and binding debt amounting to the
Outstanding Sum owed to them by [Mr Tin]”. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

2Df’s Defence at para 35.5 (SB at p 87).

It is most telling that despite being directed by the court to specifically
address the question of whether and how the defendants are prejudiced, the
defendants could not substantiate their claim that they would be prejudiced.
For instance, they did not say that they would have pleaded their defence
differently or that they would have adduced additional evidence to defend the
claim in debt. They also did not say that they would have to recall witnesses
or call new witnesses to give evidence. In addition, given that the defendants
did not seek permission to supplement their closing submissions, they
evidently did not see any new lines of argument necessitated by the
plaintiffs’ clarification. Indeed, the defendants’ approach to the trial and
their closing submissions (along with their reply closing submissions) were
focused on contending that no debt was due from Mr Tin to Mr Wong. As
mentioned above (see [76]), the defendants did not even engage the plaintiffs’
claim based on trust, prior to the court’s directions on 4 January 2023.

110 I am also not persuaded that the plaintiffs are getting a “second bite at
the cherry” in making the alternative claim in debt. The cases cited by the
defendants 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

DRFS at paras 25–29.

– Review Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal
[2010] 1 SLR 52 (“Review Publishing”), Sheagar s/o T M Veloo v Belfield
International (Hong Kong) Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 524 (“Sheagar”), and Asia Business
Forum Pte Ltd v Long Ai Sin and another [2004] 2 SLR(R) 173 (“Asia Business
Forum”) – do not assist them, as they involve factual situations very
different from the present one.

111 While Review Publishing concerned the amendment of pleadings (see [113] of
Review Publishing), no issue on amendment of pleadings arises here as the
plaintiffs are relying on their existing pleadings. While Sheagar concerned
the appellant seeking to raise an entirely new defence on appeal, which would
have necessitated a re-trial of the case (see [122] of Sheagar), there is no
issue of requiring a re-trial in the present case. Indeed, neither party has
suggested the need for further discovery, or the need to tender new evidence
or recall witnesses. While Asia Business Forum concerned an appellant seeking
to fundamentally alter its case at the appeal stage (see [18]–[19] of Asia
Business Forum), the present plaintiffs are relying entirely on the pleadings,
evidence and submissions that are already before the court.

112 In the circumstances and in light of my finding at [71] above that
$340,447.27 is the amount of the remaining Capital Injection Sum that was owed
from Mr Tin to Mr Wong after the termination of the joint venture, I order
that the first defendant pay the plaintiffs a sum of $340,447.27.

The claim against Ms Chen

Liability for causing the Estate to deny trust and for dishonest assistance

113 The plaintiffs seek a declaration that Ms Chen is personally liable to the
plaintiffs as trustee of Mr Tin’s estate by causing the Estate to deny the
trust. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

SOC (Amendment No 4) at prayer 2 (SB at p 17).

The plaintiffs also seek a declaration that Ms Chen is personally liable to
the plaintiffs by dishonestly assisting the Estate in the Estate’s continued
breach of trust. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

SOC (Amendment No 4) at prayer 2 (SB at p 17).

114 These claims can be swiftly disposed of since a trust must necessarily
exist in order for (a) a party to be liable for causing an estate to deny a
trust, and (b) a party to be found to have dishonestly assisted a breach of
trust (MSP4GE Asia Pte Ltd and another v MSP Global Pte Ltd and others [2019]
3 SLR 1348 (“MSP4GE Asia”) at [131]). Given my finding at [90]–[97] above that
the plaintiffs have no basis for their claims in trust, it follows that the
plaintiffs’ claim that Ms Chen be personally liable for causing Mr Tin’s
estate to deny a trust, and for dishonest assistance in the Estate’s breach of
trust, must also fail. In any case, I note that liability for dishonest
assistance in breach of trust accrues where a party acts in relation to the
trust in a manner which is “contrary to normally acceptable standards of
honest conduct”: MSP4GE Asia at [131(b)]. Viewing Ms Chen’s conduct in
context, and particularly considering that it is not entirely clear-cut how
much of the Outstanding Sum was due, especially in light of the Unaccounted
Cheques and the 13 Loss Entries, Ms Chen’s conduct cannot, in any event, be
said to have crossed the threshold of dishonesty to render her personally
liable for dishonest assistance in breach of trust.

Conclusion and orders made

115 For the reasons stated above, I order as follows:

(a) the first defendant is to pay the plaintiffs the sum of $340,447.27, being
a debt owing from the first defendant; and

(b) the plaintiffs’ claim against the second defendant for causing the Estate
to deny a trust and/or for dishonest assistance in breach of trust be
dismissed.

116 I will hear parties on the issue of interest and costs.

Teh Hwee Hwee  
Judicial Commissioner  
---  
  
Sean Chen Siang En, Cheong Wei Wen John and Shermaine Lim Jia Qi (Dentons
Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiffs;

Ng Lip Chih and Lai Shueh Chien (Foo & Quek LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Apr 2023 (14:14 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

