Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL COURT

  

of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC(I) 4

Suit No 4 of 2017

Between

| Kiri Industries Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Senda International Capital Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| DyStar Global Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Companies — Shares — Valuation of shares]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kiri Industries Ltd

  
v

  

Senda International Capital Ltd and another

[2023] SGHC(I) 4

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 4 of 2017  
Kannan Ramesh JAD, Roger Giles IJ and Anselmo Reyes IJ  
27 February 2023

3 March 2023 Judgment reserved.

Kannan Ramesh JAD (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is our decision on the valuation of Kiri Industries Ltd’s (“Kiri”)
37.57% shareholding in DyStar Global Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“DyStar”)
pursuant to a buy-out order at a price to be assessed as at the valuation date
of 3 July 2018.

2 The factual backdrop and procedural history of the case can be found in the
summary provided for in Kiri Industries Ltd v Senda International Capital Ltd
and another [2023] SGHC(I) 3 (“Kiri v Senda (Remitted Issue)”) at [1]–[5].
This matter concerns the longstanding litigation between Kiri and Senda
International Capital Ltd (“Senda”). In gist, the Singapore International
Commercial Court (“SICC”) previously found that Senda was liable for
oppressive conduct against Kiri and granted a buy-out order. Senda was ordered
to purchase Kiri’s 37.57% shareholding in DyStar. In arriving at the value of
Kiri’s shareholding in DyStar for the purposes of the buy-out order, one of
the issues raised was the compensation to be paid for Zhejiang Longsheng Group
Co, Ltd’s (“Longsheng”) unauthorised use of DyStar’s patent to produce certain
dyes. The SICC previously found that the appropriate form of compensation was
embedded in the concept of a notional licence fee, ie, how much Longsheng
would have to pay DyStar to obtain its consent to produce the dyes using the
patent (Kiri Industries Ltd v Senda International Capital Ltd and another
[2021] 3 SLR 215 at [183]). The notional licence fee was to be assessed based
on the quantity of infringing products produced by Longsheng falling within
the scope of the patent (the “Related Products”).

3 Kiri’s shares in DyStar were eventually valued at US$481.6m by the SICC on
21 June 2021 (Kiri Industries Ltd v Senda International Capital Ltd and
another [2021] 5 SLR 111 at [3]). Kiri and Senda both appealed to the Court of
Appeal against various aspects of the SICC’s decision. On appeal, the Court of
Appeal remitted the issue on the value of the notional licence fee back to the
SICC to be reassessed based on the best available evidence that was before it
on the quantity of the Related Products (Kiri Industries Ltd v Senda
International Capital Ltd and another and other appeals and other matters
[2022] SGCA(I) 5 (“Kiri v Senda (Valuation) (CA)”) at [292]).

4 In Kiri v Senda (Remitted Issue) at [38], the SICC, upon a robust review of
the available evidence, found that the annual tonnage of the Related Products
for the purposes of calculating the notional licence fee was 53,550 tonnes.
Thus, based on this finding, the SICC invited the parties to submit their
revised calculations on the following (at [39]):

(a) the notional licence fee based on 53,550 tonnes for the Related Products;
and

(b) the valuation of Kiri’s shareholding in Dystar taking into account the
notional licence fee, and after adjusting for the fact that discount for lack
of marketability is not a relevant adjustment as found by the Court of Appeal
(Kiri v Senda (Valuation) (CA) at [245]).

The final valuation of Kiri’s shares in DyStar

5 On 27 February 2023, pursuant to our directions, Kiri’s valuation expert, Ms
Harfouche, revised her calculations and arrived at the following figures
(which were provided to Senda together with Ms Harfouche’s updated model, and
Senda did not have any comments on these):

(a) US$25.77m for the notional licence fee based on 53,550 tonnes for the
Related Products; and

(b) US$603.8m for the valuation of Kiri’s shareholding in DyStar based on the
notional licence fee (without any discount for lack of marketability).

These were taken to be the parties’ agreed calculations. Thus, based on the
above, we adjudge the final valuation of Kiri’s shares to be US$603.8m for the
buy-out order.

6 We invite the parties’ positions on costs and any consequential directions
that they may wish to seek. The parties are to take note of the Court of
Appeal’s decision in Senda International Capital Ltd v Kiri Industries Ltd
[2022] SGCA(I) 10 regarding the principles for the assessment of costs for
SICC proceedings in this regard.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Roger Giles  
International Judge  
---|---  
Anselmo Reyes  
International Judge|  
  
Dinesh Dhillon Singh, Lim Dao Kai, Margaret Joan Ling Wei Wei and Dhivya
Rajendra Naidu (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff;

Toh Kian Sing SC, Cheng Wai Yuen Mark, Chew Xiang, Soh Yu Xian Priscilla and
Lim Wee Teck Darren (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the first defendant;

See Chern Yang, Audie Wong Cheng Siew and Teng Po Yew (Drew & Napier LLC) for
the second defendant.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

3 March 2023

Case summary

Kiri Industries Ltd v Senda International Capital Ltd and another [2023]
SGHC(I) 4

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 4 of 2017

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Singapore International Commercial Court (delivered by Kannan
Ramesh JAD):

Outcome: The SICC determines the valuation of Kiri Industries Ltd’s (“Kiri”)
shareholding in DyStar Global Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“DyStar”) to be
US$603.8m for the purposes of the buy-out order.

Background

1 This matter concerns the longstanding litigation between Kiri and Senda
International Capital Ltd (“Senda”). In gist, the Singapore International
Commercial Court (“SICC”) previously found that Senda was liable for
oppressive conduct against Kiri and made a buy-out order. Senda was ordered to
purchase Kiri’s 37.57% shareholding in DyStar. In arriving at the value of
Kiri’s shareholding in DyStar, one of the issues raised was the compensation
to be paid for Zhejiang Longsheng Group Co, Ltd’s (“Longsheng”) unauthorised
use of DyStar’s patent to produce certain dyes.

2 The SICC previously found that the concept of a notional licence fee, ie,
how much Longsheng would have to pay DyStar to obtain its consent to produce
the dyes using the patent, was the appropriate approach to assessing the
compensation. The notional licence fee was to be assessed based on the
quantity of infringing products produced by Longsheng falling within the scope
of the patent (the “Related Products”). The SICC eventually came to a
valuation of US$481.6m. On appeal, the Court of Appeal remitted the issue on
the value of the notional licence fee back to the SICC to be reassessed based
on the best available evidence that was before it on the quantity of the
Related Products.

3 In the remitted decision, the SICC, upon a robust review of the available
evidence, found that the annual tonnage of the Related Products for the
purposes of calculating the notional licence fee was 53,550 tonnes. Based on
this finding, the SICC invited the parties to submit their revised
calculations on the following:

(a) the notional licence fee based on 53,550 tonnes for the Related Products;
and

(b) the valuation of Kiri’s shareholding in Dystar taking into account the
notional licence fee, and after adjusting for the fact that discount for lack
of marketability is not a relevant adjustment as found by the Court of Appeal.

The SICC’s decision

4 Pursuant to the SICC’s directions, Kiri’s valuation expert, Ms Harfouche,
revised her calculations and arrived at the following figures (which were
provided to Senda together with Ms Harfouche’s updated model, and Senda did
not have any comments on these):

(a) US$25.77m for the notional licence fee based on 53,550 tonnes for the
Related Products; and

(b) US$603.8m for the valuation of Kiri’s shareholding in DyStar based on the
notional licence fee (without any discount for lack of marketability).

These were taken to be the parties’ agreed calculations. Thus, the SICC
adjudges the final valuation of Kiri’s shares to be US$603.8m for the buy-out
order: at [5].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.
All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s judgment.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Mar 2023 (14:04 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

