Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 3

District Court Appeal (Family Division) No 28 of 2022

Between

| WBU  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| WBT  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Divorce No 2059 of 2020

Between

| WBT  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| WBU  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family Law — Maintenance — Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WBU

  
v

  

WBT

[2023] SGHCF 3

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
(Family Division) No 28 of 2022  
Debbie Ong JAD  
21 July, 16 November 2022

26 January 2023

Debbie Ong JAD:

Introduction

1 This judgment touches on some legal principles on a parent’s duty to
maintain his or her child.

2 The plaintiff (the “Father”) and the defendant (the “Mother”) obtained an
interim judgment of divorce on 4 November 2020. They have a child who is 5
years old. The order for the ancillary matters (the “AM Order”) was made on 24
February 2022 and the District Judge (“DJ”) ordered, among other things, that
the Father was to pay to the Mother a monthly amount of $1,035 as child
maintenance with effect from 28 February 2022. In arriving at this sum, the DJ
found that the child’s reasonable maintenance was $3,450 and apportioned it in
the proportion of 70:30 between the Mother and the Father respectively. The
Mother appealed against this order, giving rise to HCF/DCA 28/2022 (“DCA 28”).

3 The AM Order also contained orders on custody, care and control and access.
However, owing to difficulties with access, these orders were subsequently
superseded by the DJ’s orders made on 4 March 2022 (the “4 March Access
Order”) which included, amongst other things, an order for the Father to have
supervised visitation with the child at the Divorce Support Specialist Agency
(“DSSA”) once a week for 8 sessions, with an access review to be fixed after
the DSSA report is submitted to the Court (the “Access Review”). The Mother
appealed against the 4 March Access Order in HCF/DCA 37/2022 (“DCA 37”). The
hearing of DCA 37 proceeded together with the hearing of DCA 28 on 21 July
2022. I noted at that hearing that the DSSA review and the multi-disciplinary
support involving counsellors had previously been effective in resolving some
of the difficulties surrounding access. I therefore directed the Access Review
ordered by the DJ to proceed as intended. Noting that the DSSA report had not
yet been submitted to the court, I adjourned and put on hold DCA 37, and will
hear parties after the Access Review has been completed by the DJ.

4 My decision on 16 November 2022 was thus rendered only for DCA 28, in
respect of the appeal on the maintenance for the child. I held that the
child’s reasonable expenses should be $4,000 and that maintenance should be
apportioned between the Mother and Father in the proportion of 65:35. These
are the full grounds of my decision pertaining to the issue of child
maintenance in DCA 28.

The parties’ cases

5 The Mother argued that the DJ erred in the determination of the child’s
reasonable expenses. She contended that the DJ failed to have regard to the
circumstances of the case, particularly the standard of living to which the
child was accustomed. She also argued that the DJ erred in respect of the
proportion in which the parties were to bear the child’s reasonable expenses.
In her view, the DJ’s ordered proportion was contrary to the principle that
both parents bear equal responsibility and failed to take into account the
Father’s ability to contribute equally. The Mother’s position was that the
child’s reasonable expenses should be increased from $3,450 to $9,575, with
the Father bearing 34% of this larger sum. In the alternative, should her
position on the child’s reasonable expenses be rejected, the Mother sought an
order that the Father should bear 50% of the existing sum of $3,450.

6 The Father submitted that the child’s reasonable expenses were correctly
determined to be $3,450, and that the Mother’s proposed figure was inflated.
He also argued that the DJ did not err in apportioning the child’s maintenance
in the proportion of 70:30 between the Mother and the Father respectively. He
emphasised that the Mother’s income far exceeded his and that he had suffered
financial setbacks during the COVID-19 pandemic as he had been a commercial
pilot.

Issues to be determined

7 The issues to be addressed in DCA 28 were:

(a) whether the DJ erred in her determination of the child’s reasonable
expenses; and

(b) whether the DJ erred in her apportionment of child maintenance between the
parties.

Whether the DJ erred in her determination of the child’s reasonable expenses

8 The DJ found the child’s reasonable expenses to be $3,450. On appeal, the
Mother argued that the DJ erred in the determination of the child’s reasonable
expenses and submitted that the proper quantum should have been $9,575.

Applicable legal principles for quantifying maintenance

9 Maintenance is ordered to provide for the reasonable needs of the child,
having regard to all the relevant circumstances of the case: see s 69(4) of
the Women’s Charter 1961 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “Charter”). The mere fact that the
parties have been paying for certain items during the marriage does not
automatically render such expenses reasonable expenses for the purposes of
determining maintenance. Instead, parties should show how their projected
expenditure for the child’s expenses is reasonable having regard to all
relevant circumstances, including the child’s standard of living and the
parents’ financial means and resources. Further, the changed circumstances
following the marital breakdown of the parents’ relationship are relevant as
the breakdown of a household invariably has an impact on the family’s
financial needs and resources.

10 It follows that in seeking to quantify the child’s reasonable expenses,
parties should avoid an overly mathematical approach where receipts are
adduced to prove every single item of expenditure. This is not to say that no
evidence is ever required to support proposals for what is sought as
reasonable maintenance; it depends on the type of expenses sought, and of
course, on the facts of each case. While receipts are useful as an indication
of the child’s accustomed standard of living, they are not necessarily
conclusive of what the child’s reasonable expenses are. It may be helpful for
parties to apply their minds to drawing up what can be described as a
‘budget’, whereby broad categories of the child’s estimated needs are
identified, and a corresponding reasonable sum is proposed for each category
(see, for example, the table set out below at [13]). It was observed in UEB v
UEC [2018] SGHCF 5 (at [13]):

While it is a very useful practice to determine whether each item in the list
of expenses submitted by the Wife is a reasonable one, one should not be
overly mesmerised by the approach of reaching a maintenance sum only by
totalling up every item of expense as if it were a legal requirement. The law
provides that the court shall take into account various factors in deciding
the maintenance award. The law does not require that every specific item of
expense be proved by receipts or assessed on specific values, as if on a
reimbursement exercise. More exceptional expenses though, such as certain
medical needs and costs, ought to be supported by evidence. A child’s needs
and expenses may also fluctuate from month to month; similarly, household
expenses may fluctuate over time. Setting out regular specific expenses
nevertheless enables the other party and the court to assess broadly whether
the expenses are reasonable.

11 In applying this “budget” approach to quantify maintenance, two points are
worthy of note. First, the budget instils accountability between the parties
in their continuing roles as co-parents, serving as a baseline financial
framework for the parties in respect of their expenses concerning the child.
Second, considering the categories of expenses within a “budget framework” is
consistent with the notion that deciding how best to provide for the child
(which includes what exactly to spend on in providing for the child) is a
parenting matter. Thus, the court will not be overly prescriptive in how these
budgeted monies are specifically applied to various detailed items of
expenses. In drawing up the appropriate budget, parties may disagree over
decisions such as what to spend on for the child’s benefit, including what the
child is to eat, what enrichment classes the child should attend, and even
which lifestyle habits to cultivate in the child. These are fundamentally
parenting decisions involving parents’ views and aspirations for their child
which are personal and unique to each set of parents. A court of law is not
the most appropriate forum to resolve such parenting matters. Instead, it is a
fundamental part of the parties’ parental responsibility to attempt to resolve
their differences and come to a compromise for the child’s best interests.
Even after a marriage has broken down, the mutual “give and take” which is the
very pith and marrow of family decision-making should not cease. Choo Han Teck
J has observed in UYT v UYU and another appeal [2021] 3 SLR 539 (at [5]):

“Family Law” is a misnomer, for a happy family generally has no need for law
nor does law need to intrude into a happy family. Decisions such as sending a
child of the family for tertiary education, whether at home or abroad, are
discussed and settled within the family, sometimes with a tinge of regret,
sometimes with great sacrifice, but always with the comforting feel of give
and take. By the time the WC is invoked to resolve domestic problems, it
usually means that the family can no longer mediate within itself. Section 69
WC directs how such problems are to be resolved, but it is not a complete
guide for the court to make these kinds of decisions in a way that a happy
family would make them. It is one thing for a family to give and take within
itself, and another for a third party to determine how they should do it.

[emphasis added]

12 Disputes stemming from differences in parenting choices should only be
brought to the court for resolution as a last resort. The parties should also
consider mediation and therapeutic services in assisting them with such
parenting issues.

What are the child’s reasonable expenses?

13 Turning to the present matter, I set out the DJ’s decision and the Mother’s
position on appeal as to the child’s reasonable expenses in the following
comparison budget table:

S/N| Description| DJ’s finding ($)| Mother’s submission in DCA 28 ($)  
---|---|---|---  
1.| Child’s share of housing related expenses| 150| 2,000  
2.| Food and groceries| 500| 1,500  
3.| Books/edutainment/crafts/ toys| 175| 1,400  
4.| Medical including TCM| 100| 700  
5.| Enrichment| 500| 1,400  
6.| Caregiver allowance| 450| 1,000  
7.| Vitamins/supplements | 100| 100  
8.| School | 1,300| 1,300  
9.| Clothing/shoes/diapers | 100| 100  
10.| Essential household items | 75| 75  
Total| 3,450| 9,575  
  
14 An appellate court will be slow to interfere in the orders made by a lower
court unless it can be demonstrated that it has committed an error of law or
principle, or has failed to appreciate certain material facts: see ANJ v ANK
[2015] 4 SLR 1043 at [42]. The Mother appealed against the DJ’s findings in
respect of Items 1 to 6 of the table above, and a recurring premise throughout
her arguments was that these were reasonable expenses because they were actual
expenses paid by her. However, as explained above (at [9]), the mere fact that
one party shows that such expenditure was made does not automatically render
that expenditure reasonable in the context of determining maintenance.

15 In my view, there was no reason to interfere with the DJ’s allocation of
the reasonable sums on the various categories of expenses, save for one
category of the child’s share of housing related expenses that will be
elaborated on at [25] to [32] below.

Food and groceries

16 The DJ allowed $500 for food and groceries. The Mother submitted that the
sum should be $1,500 instead. She claimed that this sum was premised on actual
expenditure, of which she had receipts for the months of June, July and August
2021. The receipts showed that the Mother was accustomed to spending at least
$1,050 per month (in those months) on largely organic food ingredients for the
child. The Mother also pointed to the monthly sum of $180 that the Father
stated he spent on food and groceries for the child, on the occasions when he
prepared meals for the child during access. She argued that her proposed
figure was reasonable as it was also consistent with the Father’s stated
expenditure, taking into account that the Mother prepared more meals for the
child every month. According to the Mother, both parties wanted to provide
their only child with what they considered was the best.

17 The Mother further claimed that the child’s high expenses were due to his
history of febrile fits, reflux and eczema, which caused her to give the child
only the freshest and most nutritious food consisting of largely organic
produce. The DJ, however, noted that on the evidence before the court, it
appeared that only one such episode of febrile fits was confirmed, and there
were no medical reports or other evidence tendered by the Mother to show that
the child indeed had a history of febrile fits as asserted.

18 Both the receipts that the Mother had produced for food and groceries and
the Father’s stated expenditure on those occasions where he prepared meals for
the child during access went towards showing the parties’ willingness to
indulge their child, but did not necessarily show that the sum of $2,000 was
reasonable in respect of food and groceries for the child’s daily meals. The
changed circumstances following the marital breakdown of the parties’
relationship was also relevant as parties were no longer in consensus as to
the high expenditure on the child’s meals. Given that the parties are unable
to resolve this issue, the court will decide on a reasonable sum for the
child’s daily needs with regard to all relevant circumstances, and if any
party wishes to go above and beyond to provide what they regard to be best for
the child, they are free to contribute additional funds or pay for these items
themselves. I found $500 to be a reasonable sum for the 5-year-old child’s
daily needs in respect of food and groceries.

Books/edutainment/crafts/toys and enrichment

19 The DJ allowed $175 for books/edutainment/crafts/toys. The Mother submitted
that the sum should be $1,400. She argued that the parties prioritised their
child’s early education and that her proposed sum represented actual
expenditure incurred. In this regard, the Mother produced receipts of
significant expenditure from June 2021 to September 2021 on
books/edutainment/crafts/toys.

20 As for enrichment classes, the DJ took into account the young age of the
child and allowed a sum of $500. The Mother submitted that the sum should be
$1,400 instead and argued that this sum was premised on actual expenditure.
According to the Mother, the child’s enrichment expenses included swimming
classes at $260 per month, art classes at $175 per month, core learning such
as English/phonics, Mathematics, Mandarin and Science classes at an average of
$552 per month and Mother Tongue/bilingual speech and drama classes at $420
per month.

21 Again, the question was what a reasonable sum would be for this category of
expenses. I found the Mother’s sums to be far higher than was reasonably
needed for the child, considering his young age as well as the fact that the
child had not yet started school.

Medical expenses including Traditional Chinese Medicine (“TCM”)

22 The DJ allowed $100 for medical expenses, including TCM. The Mother
submitted that the sum should be $700 and explained that these were for TCM
treatments and TCM medicinal herbs for the child’s immunity. She premised this
sum on her average expenditure of $692 per month from January 2021 to April
2021 on the child’s TCM treatments alone. The Mother referred to receipts from
January 2021 to April 2021, which reflected that payment was made for
“transportation”, “consultation” and “pediatric massage”. Each receipt
reflected a charge of about $150.

23 The receipts for the child’s TCM treatments suggested that there would have
to be multiple sessions of such treatments in a single month in order for the
sum to amount to $700 monthly. In the circumstances, this sum appeared to be
more than was reasonably needed. I found $100 for medical expenses, including
TCM, to be a reasonable sum.

Caregiver allowance and child’s share of housing related allowances

24 The DJ allowed $450 in respect of the caregiver allowance to be paid to the
child’s maternal grandmother, who had been helping to care for the child. The
Mother submitted that the sum should be $1,000, which was the comparable rate
of otherwise hiring a domestic helper. She also pointed to actual transfers of
around $6,000 that she had made to her mother.

25 As to housing related expenses, the undisputed evidence was that the Mother
and the child had been living at the apartment of the Mother’s sister since
late 2020. The DJ allowed $150 in respect of utilities and internet but did
not include any sum for accommodation. In her view, there was “no evidence
before [the court] as to why the [Mother] is not able to purchase her own
accommodation given the monies in her CPF account as well as her earning
capacity”. In this respect, the Father emphasised that the Mother had
substantial CPF funds of $320,515.76 as of 4 November 2020. Further, according
to the DJ, there was “no information as to what the [Mother] exactly pays to
her sister as rental and if she actually pays rental”. The DJ also stated that
she was unable to take into consideration the market rental given that there
was no information on how many people resided in the Mother’s sister’s house.

26 On appeal, the Mother submitted that since late 2020, there were 4 persons
residing in her sister’s house. She claimed that she paid her sister $2,500
per month as rental for herself and the child out of a notional $5,000 rental,
which she stated was below comparable market value rent of $6,200 per month.
The child’s half share should therefore be $1,250. The Mother submitted that
after including maintenance and conservancy charges, as well as property tax,
$2,000 was a reasonable sum for all housing expenses, including utilities and
internet.

27 The Mother referred to evidence of bank transfers to support her position.
On the face of the documents before the Court, the Mother’s bank statements
evidenced three transfers of $2,500 each in June 2021, July 2021, and August
2021. In these same set of bank statements, there was also a transfer of
$2,253.42 to “THE MANAGEMENT CORPORATION …” in July 2021. In the same
affidavit, the Mother also exhibited screenshots of a “PropertyGuru” webpage
showing that rent of a 3-bedroom unit in her sister’s condominium would cost
$6,200 per month to rent.

28 The Mother also argued that if she did not reside with her sister, she
would have to rent or purchase her own accommodation. This would entail either
rental or servicing mortgage repayment, which she argued should be factored
into the child’s expenses, in addition to maintenance fees and property tax
incurred.

29 In my view, it was necessary to adjust the sum for this category of
expenses as the DJ did not allocate a sum for accommodation expenses. I
accepted that the Mother contributed in some way towards the residence of
herself and the child at her sister’s home. The documentary evidence of
payments made in 2021 (as outlined above at [28]) supported the Mother’s
account that she contributed towards their accommodation and that she made
payments towards the maintenance and conservancy charges. Further, there was
also evidence of the Mother making payment towards the maintenance and
conservancy charges earlier on, in late 2020, which was when the Mother said
she first moved in. As the Mother and her sister were family members, there
was likely an informal and flexible arrangement such that the Mother might pay
for some expenses related to the home or make monetary contributions.
Similarly, the caregiver allowance paid to the Mother’s mother was a payment
within the context of an extended family.

30 In light of this, using a broad-brush approach, I added a sum for payments
towards the extended family for accommodation and appreciation for caregiving
support. I found $450 for caregiver allowance to the child’s maternal
grandmother and $550 for accommodation expenses to the Mother’s sister to be
reasonable sums, bearing in mind that these would be payments within the
context of extended family arrangements. While it would be reasonable to
expect the Mother to contribute in some way towards the extended family’s
expenses, it is difficult practically to count the precise dollars and cents,
or have a strict insistence on the market value of the help equivalent to that
received from her extended family. By virtue of the familial bond between
them, there would have been mutual give and take in such arrangements.

31 Thus, a broad-brush approach is appropriate and I found that the child’s
reasonable monthly expenses should be $4,000 instead of $3,450 in total.

Whether the DJ erred in her apportionment of child maintenance between the
parties

32 Having determined the quantum of the child’s reasonable expenses, the next
question was how the maintenance obligation ought to be apportioned between
the parties. While both the DJ and the Mother took into account the proportion
of the parties’ income over the last four years, they disagreed over the
precise apportionment ratio. The DJ decided on apportionment in the ratio of
70:30 between the Mother and the Father respectively. On appeal, the Mother
argued that the correct ratio should be 66:34 assuming that I accepted her
proposed quantum of the child’s reasonable expenses. In the alternative, if I
did not accept her position on the increased quantum, she argued that the
apportionment should be equal despite the disparity in parties’ income, on the
basis of the Father’s capability to contribute equally.

Applicable legal principles for apportioning maintenance

33 The Mother submitted that the starting point should be that maintenance be
apportioned equally, such that parents bear financial responsibility equally.
In support of her argument, she referred to the decision of Kan J (as he then
was) in TBC v TBD [2015] 4 SLR 59 (“TBC”) at [27]:

Each parent stands in the same parent-child relationship with the child or
children and each parent has the duty to maintain the child or children.
Against that backdrop, the starting point should be that the parents bear the
financial burden equally. One parent’s burden should not be decreased just
because the other parent is wealthier, and one parent’s burden should not be
increased just because the other parent is less well off. However, this should
not be an inflexible rule; if one parent is unable to contribute equally with
the other parent, then that parent should contribute what he or she can, and
the other parent should make up the shortfall, so that the child will receive
the full measure of maintenance. The norm should not be that parents
contribute in proportion to their means because that will place unequal
burdens on them for no good reason.

34 In my respectful view, TBC was decided on its own facts and should not
stand for the general proposition that equal apportionment is the starting
point. In TBC, the wife’s take-home income was $5,200 and the husband’s take-
home income was $14,075. The child’s reasonable expenses were determined to be
$1,440. Kan J was satisfied that since there was no evidence suggesting that
parties could not afford to bear the child’s expenses equally, to order equal
apportionment for maintenance would not place unequal burdens on the parties
despite the difference in financial means.

35 I am of the view that there should not be a starting point that parents
bear the financial burden of child maintenance equally. While both parents
have the equal parental responsibility to care and provide for their children
(see s 46(1) and s 68 of the Charter), it does not necessarily follow that
every component of this duty must be borne equally in numerical terms, nor is
it possible to divide the parenting duties in strictly mathematical ways.
Instead, the financial obligations of parents may differ depending on their
means and capabilities (see UHA v UHB [2020] 3 SLR 666 at [36]). In respect of
maintenance, the Court of Appeal noted in AUA v ATZ [2016] 4 SLR 674 (at
[41]):

Undergirding these provisions [ie ss 68 and 69(4) of the Charter] is the
principle which we would, to borrow an expression from another area of the
law, call the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities: both
parents are equally responsible for providing for their children, but their
precise obligations may differ depending on their means and capacities (see
TIT v TIU [2016] 3 SLR 1137 at [61]). The Charter clearly contemplates that
parents may contribute in different ways and to different extents in the
discharge of their common duty to provide for their children.

[emphasis added]

36 It would thus be undesirable to assume, as a general rule or a starting
point, that the financial obligation of maintenance should be borne equally in
numerical terms between the parties. Marriage entails both financial and non-
financial obligations – each spouse contributes in different aspects towards
the marriage, and they fulfil different roles according to their individual
capabilities in ensuring the welfare of the child.

37 In AKC v AKD [2014] 3 SLR 1374, the wife relied on the case of BNH v BNI
[2013] SGHC 283 for the proposition that even if one parent earns less than
the other, both parents may still have to bear the children’s expenses
equally. Choo Han Teck J opined that there should not be a rigid rule to the
effect that the costs of maintenance of children should be equally borne by
both parties; such a rule would go against the express wording of s 69(4) of
the Women’s Charter which mandates that the entirety of the circumstances have
to be taken into account in assessing reasonable maintenance. I agree. Choo J
noted that the wife earned close to four times the husband’s annual income.
Ordering a monthly maintenance of $4,500 (sought by the wife) would require
the husband to fork out close to half of his income for maintenance alone. In
the circumstances, Choo J ordered the husband to make a lump sum payment of
$300,000 or $3,500 monthly maintenance for the two children of the marriage.

38 I add that financial capacity need not be rigidly ascertained by sole
reference to income alone. Consistent with s 69(4)(b) of the Charter, the
court should consider the parties’ “income, earning capacity (if any),
property and other financial resources”, as well as significant liabilities
and financial commitments. For instance, a party who earns no income but has
substantial savings or had received substantial inheritance would well be able
to afford to bear a higher burden of the maintenance obligation, if reasonable
in the circumstances of the case. The court should also have regard to the
assets received by parties after the division of their matrimonial assets.

39 Both parents have the equal duty to maintain the child (see s 68 of the
Charter), but this does not necessarily translate to bearing an equal quantum
of maintenance. Each case must turn on its own facts. Suppose, hypothetically,
the quantum of a child’s reasonable expenses is $1,000. Let us say that in one
scenario (“Scenario (1)”), one parent earns $10,000 while the other earns
$20,000 a month. It is assumed that both parents do not have much in other
financial resources. Equal apportionment will result in each parent paying
$500 towards maintaining the child. This is affordable and does not place too
heavy a burden on the parent who earns less (at $10,000 a month). In such a
situation it would seem that both parents have the financial means to pay a
maintenance sum of $500 each. While there is no starting point of equal
apportionment, to order equal apportionment in such a circumstance would
nevertheless be reasonable and fair, and consistent with a broad-brush
approach. Let us then vary the hypothetical situation to another scenario
(“Scenario (2)”). In Scenario (2), one parent earns $10,000 while the other
earns $2,000. If a maintenance quantum of $1,000 is apportioned equally, the
spouse who earns less (at $2,000 per month), will have to use one-quarter of
his or her monthly income for such a maintenance sum. This would seem to be a
significant financial burden to that spouse. In such a situation, it will seem
more reasonable for the spouse earning $10,000 to bear a higher proportion of
the maintenance sum.

What was the appropriate maintenance apportionment between parties in this
case?

40 The DJ’s approach was to take into account the proportion of the parties’
income over the last four years, which she relied on to arrive at each party’s
share of the child’s reasonable expenses. On appeal, the Mother disputed the
DJ’s ratio of 70:30 between the Mother and the Father respectively, and argued
that the correct ratio should be 66:34. However, I noted that the DJ had
arrived at the ratio after considering the Mother’s submission in the
proceedings below that the ratio should be 68.7:31.3.

41 Having regard to the parties’ annual income based on their IRAS Notices of
Assessment for the last four years, the proportion of the Father and Mother’s
respective incomes was as follows:

Year| Father ($)| Mother ($)  
---|---|---  
2018| 141,893| 257,129  
2019| 157,073| 309,636  
2020| 163,069| 314,936  
2021| 144,352| 316,633  
Total| 606,387| 1,198,334  
Per month| 12,633 (34%) | 24,965 (66%)  
  
42 The Father’s monthly income was in excess of $12,000, and the ratio of the
Father’s income to the Mother’s income was about 34:66.

43 In my view, it would be fair that the Father bears 35% of the child’s
monthly expenditure of $4,000, which is $1,400 per month. I adjusted the
apportionment of the child’s maintenance to the ratio of 65:35 between the
Mother and the Father respectively.

The Father’s Letter to Court Dated 14 December 2022

44 Following my decision that I had given, the Father subsequently wrote to
the Court on 14 December 2022 seeking a clarification on the effective date
for the commencement of the payment of the ordered revised maintenance sum. I
directed that the revised maintenance order was to take effect from the date
of the DJ’s order.

45 Apart from this, the Father in his letter also raised the point that in
determining the child’s reasonable monthly expenses, both the DJ and the High
Court in DCA 28/2022 had taken into consideration the sum of $1,300 being the
child’s school fees. He asserted that this sum was ordered based on the
parties’ agreement for the child to be enrolled in the Nanyang Academy of Fine
Arts (“NAFA”). The Father claims, however, that the child had not attended
NAFA to date.

46 This point pertains to an issue of fact which, if the Father thought to be
relevant to the question of the child’s reasonable expenses, should have been
raised for determination during the hearing of the appeal. However, this
contention was not raised, and this was a new issue raised by way of
correspondence after the order had been made. I repeat my views above at [9] -
[12] – the parties should exercise grace and flexibility in how the
maintenance sums should be used. By this maintenance order, the parties have
been given a “budget” representing the reasonable expenses for the child.

47 A maintenance order may be varied if there is a material change in
circumstances or any other good cause but going to the court ought to be the
last resort in parenting matters. It is to be expected that the exact amounts
a child will need will change over time, and if parents file court proceedings
for variation each time there is a change, there is something precious that we
will have lost in our society made up of family units, for parenting is to be
carried out cooperatively by parents themselves. Parents must find the resolve
to overcome the difficulties in co-parenting by a strong commitment to
discharging their parental responsibility. Litigation has harmful effects on
the child – materially, because the family loses in incurring litigation
expenses, and psychologically, because conflict affects the whole family in
ways not easily visible.

Debbie Ong JAD  
Judge of the Appellate Division|  
---|---  
  
Wong Kai Yun and Darryl Chew Zijie (Chia Wong Chambers LLC) for the appellant;

Yeo Khee Chye Raymond (Raymond Yeo) for the respondent

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Jan 2023 (19:21 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

