Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 159

Companies Winding Up No 121 of 2022

In the matter of Sections 124 and 125 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018)

And

In the matter of Singapore JHC Co Pte Ltd

Between

| Founder Group (Hong Kong) Limited (in liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

| Singapore JHC Co Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law — Winding up — Disputed debt]

[Insolvency Law — Winding up — Standing]

[Insolvency Law — Winding up — Unable to pay debts]

[Insolvency Law — Winding up — Just and equitable]

[Arbitration — Agreement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Founder Group (Hong Kong) Ltd (in liquidation)

  
v

  

Singapore JHC Co Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 159

General Division of the High Court — Companies Winding Up No 121 of 2022  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
29 September 2022

29 May 2023

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The claimant claims to be a creditor of the defendant. In that capacity, it
presents this winding up application under the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) against the defendant on two
grounds: (a) that the defendant is unable to pay its debts within the meaning
of s 125(1)(e) of the Act; alternatively, (b) that it is just and equitable to
wind the defendant up within the meaning of s 125(1)(i) of the Act.

2 The defendant submits that the winding up application ought to be dismissed
1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 22 September 2022 (“CWS”) at paras 63–64.

because: (a) the defendant disputes the claimant’s claim to be a creditor of
the defendant; 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

CWS at paras 3(a) and 13(a)–(c).

(b) the contracts on which the claimant relies for that claim contain
arbitration agreements which, prima facie, are valid 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

CWS at paras 24–31.

and encompass the parties’ dispute; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CWS at paras 32–33.

(c) the defendant is not abusing the court’s process by disputing the
claimant’s claim; 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CWS at paras 46–59.

and (d) that is so even though the defendant is, by disputing that claim,
withdrawing the admission that it made in an audit confirmation issued to the
claimant in 2019. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

CWS at paras 50–56.

3 I have accepted the defendant’s submissions and dismissed the winding up
application with costs. The claimant has appealed against my decision. I now
set out the grounds for my decision.

4 All sums of money in these grounds have been expressed in millions of
dollars and, where material, have been rounded off to two decimal places. All
sums of money expressed in any currency other than United States dollars have
been expressed in United States dollars using the equivalent figures supplied
by the parties.

The parties

5 The claimant is a company incorporated in the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”) of the People’s Republic of China (“the
PRC”). In July 2021, the claimant was placed in liquidation by a winding up
order made by the Court of First Instance in Hong Kong. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Edward Simon Middleton dated 27 May 2022 (“ESM’s Affidavit”) at
para 4.

6 The defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore. At the material time,
it was a wholesale trader in, among other things, metals and metal products. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ESM’s Affidavit at para 7.

7 This application is in form a straightforward winding up application by a
claimant against a defendant. But it is in substance a contest between two
groups of economic and other interests that have a connection to a company
known as Peking University Founder Group Company Limited (“PUFG”) (see Nuoxi
Capital Limited (in liquidation in the British Virgin Islands) v Peking
University Founder Group Company Limited [2022] 2 HKC 1 and Nuoxi Capital
Limited (in liquidation in the British Virgin Islands) v Peking University
Founder Group Company Limited [2022] HKCA 1514).

8 PUFG is a company incorporated in the PRC. It is, broadly speaking, the
commercial arm of Peking University. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Li Ying dated 30 June 2022 (“LY’s Affidavit”) at p 68.

PUFG is the ultimate holding company of a group of companies (“the PUFG
Group”). At the material time, both the claimant and the defendant were
members of the PUFG Group. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

LY’s Affidavit at para 6.

At that time, PUFG owned and controlled all of the shares in the claimant. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

LY’s Affidavit at para 7(a).

It also then owned and controlled 94% of the shares in the defendant through
three intermediate holding companies. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

LY’s Affidavit at para 7(b); p 32.

As such, PUFG ultimately owned and controlled both companies at the material
time. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

LY’s Affidavit at para 8.

9 PUFG is no longer the defendant’s ultimate holding company. It therefore no
longer owns or controls the defendant. PUFG ceased to own and control the
defendant because of a reorganisation of PUFG’s business arising from its
actual or apprehended insolvency. In February 2020, a creditor of PUFG
commenced reorganisation proceedings against it in the First Intermediate
People’s Court in Beijing in the PRC. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

LY’s Affidavit at paras 11–12; p 66.

In May 2021, PUFG’s creditors approved a plan to reorganise PUFG’s business.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

LY’s Affidavit at para 12(e).

In June 2021, the PRC court sanctioned PUFG’s reorganisation plan. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

LY’s Affidavit at para 12(f); p 76.

The reorganisation plan provided for a consortium of strategic investors to
acquire several companies in the PUFG Group. One of those companies was the
defendant’s holding company. As a result of this acquisition, the defendant is
today owned and controlled by the consortium, not PUFG. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

LY’s Affidavit at para 13.

10 PUFG continues to be the claimant’s ultimate holding company. But PUFG has
ceased to control the claimant since July 2021 by reason of the winding up
order (see [5] above). It is the claimant’s liquidators who now control the
claimant, in accordance with the insolvency law of Hong Kong. The claimant’s
winding up was initiated on behalf of PUFG’s offshore bondholders. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

LY’s Affidavit at paras 14–17.

Those bondholders are aggrieved by PUFG’s reorganisation because the
reorganisation plan makes no provision for them.

11 This application is therefore not a straightforward winding up application
by a claimant against a defendant. It is in substance a contest between (on
the claimant’s side) the economic and other interests of PUFG’s offshore
bondholders and (on the defendant’s side) the economic and other interests of
the consortium of strategic investors.

The claimant’s claim against the defendant

12 For reasons I explain at [45]–[49] below, the claimant’s liquidators
believe that the defendant is indebted to the claimant in the sum of
US$47.43m. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ESM’s Affidavit at paras 5(b) and 12; CWS at para 12; LY’s Affidavit at pp
88–99.

In December 2021, the liquidators issued a letter of demand to the defendant
demanding that the defendant pay US$47.43m to the claimant within 14 days. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ESM’s Affidavit at paras 14(b), 15 and Tab 7.

The defendant failed to comply with the demand. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ESM’s Affidavit at para 16.

13 In February 2022, the liquidators issued a second letter of demand to the
defendant. This letter demanded that the defendant pay US$47.43m to the
claimant within 21 days, failing which the defendant would be presumed under s
125(2)(a) of the Act to be unable to pay its debts within the meaning of s
125(1)(e) of the Act. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ESM’s Affidavit at paras 17(b), 18 and Tab 8.

The defendant failed to comply with this demand as well. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ESM’s Affidavit at para 19.

14 In May 2022, the liquidators caused the claimant to present this
application to wind up the defendant.

The issues

15 In order to secure a winding up order against the defendant, the claimant
must establish the following:

(a) that it is a “creditor” of the defendant within the meaning of s 124(1)(c)
of the Act; and

(b) either that:

(i) the defendant is unable to pay its debts within the meaning of s 125(1)(e)
of the Act; or

(ii) it is just and equitable to wind up the defendant within the meaning of s
125(1)(i) of the Act.

16 I take these issues in turn.

Creditor

17 In this section of these grounds, I use the following words in the
following senses. I use “creditor” to mean a creditor of the defendant within
the meaning of s 124(1)(c) of the Act. I use “insolvent” and “insolvency” to
mean the status of a company being unable to pay its debts within the meaning
of s 125(1)(e) of the Act. I use “insolvency court” to mean a court that is
hearing and determining a winding up application in the exercise of its
insolvency jurisdiction. And I use “civil court” to mean a court that is
hearing and determining a civil dispute, ie a lis, between two or more parties
in the exercise of its general civil jurisdiction.

The alternatives open to a claimant and a defendant

18 A claimant can establish that it is a creditor of a defendant by two
methods: (a) by securing and relying before the insolvency court on a binding
adjudication that the defendant owes a debt to the claimant; or (b) by
satisfying the insolvency court that the defendant owes a debt to the
claimant. The second method is available to a claimant because there is
nothing in the Act, or in the common law interpreting and applying it, that
requires a claimant to secure a binding adjudication against a defendant
before presenting a winding up application in which it claims to be a creditor
of a defendant.

19 The claimant has presented this winding up application without securing a
binding adjudication that the defendant owes a debt to the claimant. It is
certainly open to a claimant to present a winding up application without an
adjudication. But doing so is a high-risk strategy. If a claimant fails to
establish that it is a creditor of the defendant, not only will the winding up
application be dismissed with costs, it is also at risk that it will be
ordered to pay those costs on the indemnity basis (Re A Company (No. 0012209
of 1991) [1992] 1 WLR 351 at 354, per Hoffman J (as he then was)).

20 Where a claimant chooses his method, a defendant may respond in one of two
ways. The defendant may choose not to dispute the claimant’s claim to be a
creditor of the defendant. The defendant may even choose positively to admit
that the claimant is a creditor of the defendant. In either event, if the
court accepts that the defendant’s concession is correctly made, the claimant
need not go any further to establish that it is a creditor of the defendant.

21 The other way a defendant may respond is by disputing the debt on which the
claimant relies. The defendant in the application before me has chosen to
respond in this way. The claimant therefore must discharge its burden of
establishing that it is a creditor of the defendant.

The court’s approach

22 Before turning to the facts of this application, it is necessary to set out
the approach that an insolvency court takes to a winding up application in
which: (a) seeks to establish before the insolvency court that the claimant is
a creditor of the defendant without an adjudication in hand; and (b) the
defendant disputes the debt on which the claimant relies.

23 There are in fact two approaches. There is a general approach which
applies, as the name suggests, generally. There is also a special approach
which applies only in cases where the debt that the claimant relies on arises
from a contract between the claimant and the defendant which contains an
arbitration agreement or where the defendant raises a cross claim arising out
of such a contract.

24 I begin by outlining the general approach.

The general approach

25 Under the general approach, the insolvency court will consider whether the
defendant disputes the debt bona fide and on substantial grounds. A defendant
does not dispute a debt bona fide if, by raising the dispute, it is merely
seeking to take for itself credit to which it is not entitled (Re A Company
No. 0012209 of 1991) [1992] 1 WLR 351 (“Re A Company No. 0012209”) at 354F). A
defendant does not raise a substantial dispute if the dispute has no rational
prospect of success (Re A Company No. 0012209 at 354B).

26 In practice, what this means is that the claimant must show that there is
no triable issue on the debt, applying the same test that a civil court would
apply when considering whether to enter summary judgment against a defendant
for the debt (Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another
appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [23]; Re A Company (No. 006685 of 1996) [1997]
BCC 830 at 837B). The insolvency court takes this approach because, if the
claimant can satisfy the insolvency court that a civil court would enter
summary judgment in its favour, it would be a waste of time, costs and
judicial resources to dismiss the winding up application and divert the
claimant to the civil court to litigate its dispute in the usual way.

27 If the insolvency court concludes that the defendant does dispute the debt
bona fide and on substantial grounds, it will ordinarily decline to determine
for itself the substantive legal question of whether the claimant is a
creditor of the defendant. Instead, it will dismiss the winding up application
and divert the parties to the civil court to litigate their dispute in the
usual way.

28 The reason the insolvency court takes this approach is that it is an abuse
of the court’s process for a claimant to attempt to recover a debt that is
disputed bona fide and on substantial grounds by presenting a winding up
application (Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Holland Leedon Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R)
268 (“Metalform”) at [62], citing Mann v Goldstein [1968] 1 WLR 1091 (“Mann v
Goldstein”) at 1093–1094 and 1098–1099). The statutory right to invoke the
insolvency court’s jurisdiction has been conferred for a specific purpose (see
[83] below) and the court considers it an abuse of process for a claimant to
invoke it for any other purpose. The drastic legal and commercial consequences
of presenting a winding up application (see [78]–[80] below) are capable of
jeopardising the commercial viability and exacerbating the financial condition
of even a viable business (Metalform at [82]).

29 If, on the other hand, the insolvency court concludes that the defendant
does not dispute the debt bona fide and on substantial grounds, the claimant
will have succeeded in establishing that it is a creditor of the defendant.
The court will ordinarily then go on to consider whether the claimant has
established one of the grounds under s 125(1) of the Act that enlivens the
insolvency court’s discretion to make a winding up order and, if so, whether
to exercise that discretion and make the order.

30 I say that the insolvency court will, in this situation, ordinarily go on
to consider s 125(1) of the Act because it is equally within the court’s
discretion, even in this situation, to divert the parties to the civil court
to litigate their dispute in the usual way. The insolvency court will do so if
it concludes that it is inappropriate for the insolvency court to determine
the substantive legal issue. The insolvency court may take this view either
because the claimant has invoked the insolvency court’s jurisdiction for a
purpose other than its proper purpose or because the procedures of the
insolvency court are inapt to resolve the substantive legal issue. In
Coilcolor Limited v Camtrex Limited [2015] EWHC 3202 (Ch), Hildyard J accepted
that the defendant in that case had raised disputes which, when investigated
and argued more fully, could be found to lack sufficient substance to avoid
summary judgment (at [43]). He nevertheless diverted the parties to the civil
court to litigate their dispute in the usual way. He explained why an
insolvency court diverts the parties to the civil court in this situation:

62\. That is not of course because judges sitting in the Companies Court are
in some way less able to deal with the points: there is in any event no longer
any demarcation and all judges of the Chancery Division sit from time to time
in the Companies Court. It is because the process is not apt for the
adjudication of such issues, and the inference of inability to pay upon which
the remedy is based is unjustified; the threat of winding up should not loom
over those whose disputes are in such circumstances more appropriately
resolved elsewhere, even if potentially by summary process. Put another way,
in my view, a winding-up petition should not be resorted to in such
circumstances by those whose objective is not in truth the class remedy which
a successful winding-up petition provides but to put pressure upon a company
to pay lest the provisions for the protection of the class which are triggered
by the mere presentation of a petition undermine its standing and its
business. ….

31 The important point to note is that diverting a claimant to the civil
courts in this way is not the result of a rule of law arising from some
inherent limitation in the insolvency court’s power to decide for itself the
substantive legal issue of whether the claimant is a creditor of the
defendant. It is the result of a common law rule of practice which the
insolvency courts have adopted. Lord Hoffman characterised this as a rule of
practice in Parmalat Capital Finance Ltd v Food Holdings Ltd (in liquidation)
[2008] BCC 371 (“Parmalat”) at [9], a decision of the Privy Council on appeal
from the Court of Appeal of the Cayman Islands:

If a petitioner's debt is bona fide disputed on substantial grounds, the
normal practice is for the court to dismiss the petition and leave the
creditor first to establish his claim in an action. The main reason for this
practice is the danger of abuse of the winding-up procedure. A party to a
dispute should not be allowed to use the threat of a winding-up petition as a
means of forcing the company to pay a bona fide disputed debt. This is a rule
of practice rather than law and there is no doubt that the court retains a
discretion to make a winding-up order even though there is a dispute: see, for
example, Brinds Ltd v Offshore Oil NL (1986) 2 B.C.C. 98,916.

[emphasis added in underlining]

32 This rule of practice rests an overriding procedural discretion that the
insolvency court can exercise at any time during its consideration of the
issue of whether the claimant is a creditor of the defendant. The discretion
to be exercised is whether the insolvency court will determine that issue for
itself or decline to do so. Authority for this overriding procedural
discretion can be found in the judgment of Gibbs J (as he then was) in Re QBS
Pty Ltd [1967] Qd R 218 at 225. As Gibbs J said:

It seems to me that in every case it becomes necessary for the court to
exercise its discretion as to how far it will allow the question whether or
not the dispute is bona fide to be explored. In some cases it may be very easy
to decide this question on the petition and the affidavits in reply. In other
cases however it may be difficult to determine whether or not the dispute is
bona fide without determining the merits of the dispute itself. In some such
cases convenience may require that the court decide the question whether or
not a debt exists, but in other such cases it may appear better to allow that
question to be determined in other proceedings before the petition for winding
up is heard.

33 Thus, as Lord Hoffman pointed out in Parmalat, it is within the court’s
power to conclude that a defendant does dispute a claimant’s debt bona fide
and on substantial grounds, but to exercise its overriding procedural
discretion to go on to determine that dispute in its insolvency jurisdiction
rather than diverting the parties to the civil court to litigate their dispute
in the usual way. This proposition is drawn from the case of Brinds Ltd and
others v Offshore Oil NL and others (1986) 2 BCC 98916 (“Brinds”), the case
that Lord Hoffman cited in Parmalat.

34 In Brinds, a claimant served a statutory demand on a defendant. The debt
underlying the demand was subject to an agreed moratorium. When the debt was
not paid within the three weeks prescribed in the demand, the claimant
presented a winding up petition against the defendant. The defendant disputed,
among other things, the claimant’s status as a creditor of the defendant.
Unusually, rather than being determined in the usual way on affidavits alone,
the winding up petition was tried over four weeks. At trial, the judge
received evidence in chief from the parties’ witnesses viva voce, with
extensive cross-examination. Having heard the evidence, the judge determined
that the claimant was indeed a creditor of the defendant and ordered that the
defendant be wound up. The defendant appealed on the ground, among others,
that the judge was wrong to determine the substantive legal question of
whether the claimant was a creditor of the defendant and should instead have
confined himself to deciding only whether the defendant disputed the debt bona
fide and on substantial grounds. The intermediate appellate court in Australia
dismissed the defendant’s appeal. The defendant appealed to the Privy Council.

35 Lord Brightman delivered the advice of the Privy Council dismissing the
defendant’s appeal. He cited and applied the dictum of Gibbs J in Re QBS Pty
Ltd as well as the Privy Council’s own dictum to the same effect in Bateman
Television Ltd v Coleridge Finance Co. Ltd. [1971] NZLR 929 at 932. He
confirmed that it is well within the discretion of an insolvency court hearing
a winding up application to determine for itself, not just the threshold
question of whether a defendant disputes a claimant’s debt bona fide and on
substantial rounds, but also the substantive legal question of whether the
claimant is a creditor of the defendant:

It is a matter for the discretion of the judge whether a winding up order
should be made on a disputed debt, and it is also a matter of discretion
whether he decides the substantive question of debt or no debt.

36 It is important to note that, when an insolvency court exercises its
discretion to determine for itself this substantive legal question, what it is
determining is the substantive legal question of insolvency law as to whether
the claimant is a creditor of the defendant within the meaning of s 124(1)(c)
of the Act and is thereby entitled to invoke the court’s insolvency
jurisdiction over the defendant. The insolvency court is not determining the
substantive legal question of whether the defendant actually owes a debt to
the claimant or the quantum of any such debt. Only a judgment by a civil court
or a final award by an arbitral tribunal can have that effect.

37 Thus, it is entirely open to a liquidator to reject a petitioning
creditor’s proof of debt in whole or in part. That is so even though the
insolvency court, when it made the winding up order and appointed the
liquidator, must have accepted that the petitioning creditor was a creditor of
the defendant, if not also a creditor of the defendant in the sum claimed. So
too, if an insolvency court dismisses a winding up application because it
accepts that a defendant disputes the debt bona fide and on substantial
grounds, it is entirely possible for a civil court subsequently seised of the
dispute to enter summary judgment against the defendant in favour of the
claimant on the basis that none of the issues that the defendant raised is a
triable issue. Equally, if a defendant has been granted unconditional leave to
defend by the civil court in an ordinary action, that does not prevent the
insolvency court from considering afresh for itself, if it considers it
appropriate, whether the defendant disputes the debt bona fide and on
substantial grounds (Re Welsh Brick Industries Ltd [1946] 2 All ER 197 at
198).

38 There is no inconsistency between any of these outcomes. The insolvency
court decides the specific question of whether a claimant is a creditor of a
defendant within the meaning and for the purposes of s 124(1)(c) of the Act.
Only a civil court or an arbitral tribunal can determine that a claimant is a
creditor of a defendant in a manner which binds both parties for all purposes.

The AnAn approach

39 The general approach does not apply where a claimant asserts that it is a
creditor of the defendant on the basis of a debt arising from a contract
containing an arbitration agreement or where the defendant raises a cross
claim arising out of such a contract. In that situation, the Court of Appeal
has recently formulated a different approach for an insolvency court to take
(AnAn Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Co) [2020] 1
SLR 1158 (“AnAn”) at [56], [93]–[94] and [99]).

40 On the AnAn approach, the test is not whether the defendant disputes the
debt or asserts a cross claim bona fide and on substantial grounds but
whether:

(a) there is prima facie a valid arbitration agreement between the parties
(AnAn at [56]);

(b) the dispute or cross claim which the defendant raises in respect of the
debt prima facie falls within the scope of the arbitration agreement (AnAn at
[56]); and

(c) whether, upon a consideration of factors which do not relate to the merits
of the dispute in respect of the debt or the merits of the cross claim, the
defendant is abusing the court’s process by raising the dispute or cross claim
(AnAn at [99]–[100]).

41 This AnAn approach is more favourable to a defendant than the general
approach in four ways. First, under the AnAn approach, the insolvency court
looks only at the validity and scope of the arbitration agreement and not at
the merits of the dispute in relation to the debt or the cross claim that the
defendant raises. Second, even then, the insolvency court does not attempt to
reach any conclusion on the validity and scope of the arbitration agreement.
The court need only be satisfied prima facie that the arbitration agreement is
valid and prima facie that it encompasses the dispute. Third, the court
considers the question of whether the defendant is abusing the process of the
court without considering the merits of the dispute in relation to the debt or
the cross claim which the defendant raises. Finally, the rule of practice (see
[31]–[35] above) in the general approach is curtailed in that the insolvency
court’s overriding procedural discretion will never be exercised in favour of
allowing the insolvency court to decide for itself the substantive legal
question of “debt or no debt” (see [35] above) for itself.

42 The Court of Appeal formulated the AnAn approach to achieve coherence in
the law (AnAn at [56] and [60]). The AnAn approach aligns the approach that an
insolvency court takes in a winding up application involving a dispute over a
debt or a cross claim that is subject to an arbitration agreement with the
approach that a civil court takes in litigation which involves a dispute that
is subject to an arbitration agreement (AnAn at [61]–[65]). This approach also
advances party autonomy, saves costs and achieves certainty in the law (AnAn
at [56]). It upholds the parties’ agreement to have an arbitral tribunal
rather than the court decide whether, and if so to what extent, the claimant
is a creditor of the defendant. Where the defendant raises a dispute in
relation to the debt or advances a cross claim that is subject to an
arbitration agreement, the court cannot and will not consider the merits of
the issues which the defendant has raised (AnAn at [75]–[79] and [82]).

43 If the defendant establishes the three requirements at [40] above, the
insolvency court will not make a winding up order and will either stay or
dismiss the winding up application. It will dismiss the winding up application
unless: (a) there are legitimate concerns as to the solvency of the debtor
company; and (b) the claimant is able to show that the debtor has raised no
triable issues (AnAn at [111]). If the claimant can establish this, the court
will stay the winding up application rather than dismissing it.

44 Having set out both the general and the AnAn approaches which an insolvency
court will take to a winding up application based on a disputed debt, I now
turn to apply that approach to the facts of this case.

The evidence that the claimant relies on

45 To discharge its burden of establishing that it is a creditor of the
defendant, the claimant relies on four categories of evidence. The liquidators
found the evidence in the first category through their review of the
claimant’s own documents. The evidence in the remaining three categories, in
contrast, became available to the liquidators only when the defendant
disclosed the evidence voluntarily either in the defendant’s correspondence
with the claimant following the claimant’s first demand (see [12] above) or as
exhibits to the defendant’s affidavits opposing this winding up application.

46 The first of the four categories of evidence is an audit confirmation which
the defendant issued in February 2019. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ESM’s Affidavit at p 51.

The audit confirmation is, in form, a letter issued by the defendant’s
auditors to the claimant. By the audit confirmation, the defendant’s auditors
informed the claimant that the defendant’s books in February 2019 showed that
the defendant was indebted to the claimant as at 31 December 2018 in the sum
of US$47.43m. The audit confirmation then invited the claimant to sign and
affix its company stamp at the foot of the letter above words acknowledging
that the confirmation correctly stated the balance due from the defendant to
the claimant. The claimant duly signed and stamped the acknowledgment in the
audit confirmation and returned it to the defendant’s auditors by email in
March 2019. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ESM’s Affidavit at para 12 and pp 49–51.

47 The second category of evidence comprises three contracts for the sale of
copper cathodes by the claimant to the defendant cif Shanghai. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

LY’s Affidavit at pp 88–99.

Two of these contracts bear dates in December 2015 and one bears a date in
January 2016. On their face, the contracts cover the sale and purchase of a
total of 10,100mt of copper cathodes (+/- 5%) at a total price of US$47.64m.
All of the contracts are governed by PRC law.

48 The third category of evidence comprises three invoices issued by the
claimant to the defendant for copper cathodes under each of the contracts. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

LY’s Affidavit at pp 100–102.

Each invoice is dated a few days after the contract under which it is issued.
On their face, the invoices cover 10,054.93mt of copper cathodes and claim
payment of a total amount of US$47.43m.

49 The final category of evidence comprises the defendant’s audited financial
statements for the years 2016, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Affidavit of Chu Fai dated 14 July 2022 (“CF’s Affidavit”) at pp 164–189.

2017, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

CF’s Affidavit at pp 191–214.

2018, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

CF’s Affidavit at pp 216–242.

2019 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

CF’s Affidavit at pp 244–267.

and 2020. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ESM’s Affidavit at pp 121–159.

These financial statements show current liabilities due to related companies
ranging from a low of US$14.21m for the year ended 31 December 2020 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ESM’s Affidavit at p 156.

to a high of US$131.42m for the year ended 31 December 2016. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

CF’s Affidavit at pp 171 and 198.

The claimant’s case is that its debt of US$47.43m is part of the sum due to
related companies reflected consistently in these financial statements up to
the 2020 financial statements. The defendant has not disclosed any financial
statements later than its 2020 financial statements.

The parties’ cases

50 The claimant’s case is as follows.

51 The defendant has, by its audit confirmation, clearly and unequivocally
admitted that it owes a debt to the claimant. It has also admitted that the
quantum of that debt is US$47.43m. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

CWS at paras 12 and 45(b).

The existence of that debt in that quantum is supported by the contracts and
the invoices which the defendant itself has now voluntarily produced in this
winding up application. The existence of that debt is further supported by the
defendant’s audited accounts for the relevant period.

52 The defendant’s case in response rests on three points. First, the
liquidators have not proven that the claimant ever delivered copper cathodes
to the defendant. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 22 September 2022 (“DWS”) at para 13(a).

Second, the claimant never delivered any copper cathodes to the defendant,
both parties never intended to enforce any payment obligation arising from the
contracts, and the contracts are null and void under their governing law, ie
PRC law. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DWS at para 13(b).

Third, the legal effect of the audit confirmation is a matter of PRC law, and
an audit confirmation does not establish a debtor’s liability to a creditor
under PRC law. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DWS at para 13(c).

All of the contracts contain arbitration agreements

53 I start by noting that all three of the contracts contain arbitration
agreements. The arbitration agreements require parties to submit all disputes
in connection with the contracts to the China International Economic and Trade
Arbitration Commission (“CIETAC”) for arbitration in Beijing: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

LY’s Affidavit at pp 91, 95 and 99.

13\. ARBITRATION

The buyer and the seller agree to attempt to resolve all disputes in
connection with the contract or the performance of the contract through
friendly discussion. Any controversy or claim that cannot be settled amicably
between the Buyer and the Seller Shall be submitted to China International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration which shall be
conducted in Beijing in accordance with the Commission’s arbitration rules in
effect at the time of applying for arbitration. The arbitral award is final
and binding upon both parties.

54 Under the arbitration agreements, a condition precedent to a party’s right
to refer a dispute to arbitration is an attempt to resolve the dispute by
“friendly discussion”. I accept that that condition precedent has been
satisfied. In April and May 2022, the parties undertook negotiations with a
view to resolving the dispute. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DWS at paras 26–27; LY’s Affidavit at pp 114–115.

There is, therefore, nothing to prevent either party from now lodging a notice
of arbitration with CIETAC seeking to refer to arbitration the claimant’s
claim for US$47.43m against the defendant.

55 As I have mentioned, the existence of an arbitration agreement between a
claimant and a defendant means that the insolvency court must adopt the AnAn
approach to determining whether a claimant is a creditor of a defendant. The
defendant need satisfy only the test at [40] above. As I have mentioned, the
AnAn approach is more favourable to a defendant than the general approach. If
the defendant satisfies the test at [40] above, the winding up application
ought to be dismissed unless the claimant can satisfy the requirements set out
at [43] above.

The arbitration agreements are prima facie valid

56 I accept that the arbitration agreements are prima facie valid. The
claimant submits that the defendant’s own case is that the contracts are “null
and void”, and this necessarily means that the arbitration agreements are
similarly “null and void”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

CWS at para 60.

57 I reject the claimant’s submission. The starting point in analysing this
submission is the doctrine of separability (see BCY v BCZ [2017] 3 SLR 357 at
[61]). The doctrine of separability holds that the validity of an arbitration
agreement is separable from the validity of the contract containing it. The
purpose of the doctrine is to prevent a party from evading an obligation to
submit a dispute to arbitration by denying the existence or validity of the
contract containing the arbitration agreement. Where a party alleges that a
contract containing an arbitration agreement is null and void, unless and
until a duly constituted arbitral tribunal has determined that the contract is
in fact null and void, the arbitration agreement is prima facie valid and
enforceable.

58 The claimant relies on Marty Ltd v Hualon Corp (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (receiver
and manager appointed) [2018] 2 SLR 1207 (“Marty”) as authority for the
proposition that separability does not shield an arbitration clause from a
challenge that affects the underlying contract. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

CWS at para 36.

Marty does not assist the claimant for two reasons. First, it is of course
correct that if a contract is null and void, an arbitration agreement in that
contract will in the usual case also be null and void. But the question here
is whether it should be the court or a duly constituted arbitral tribunal who
should decide that issue. AnAn is authority binding on me that, to advance
party autonomy and to uphold the policy of minimal curial intervention, I
should divert the parties to arbitration so that a duly constituted tribunal
can decide that issue. Second, the arbitration agreement in Marty was
invalidated because one party had committed a repudiatory breach of the
arbitration agreement by commencing litigation. The counterparty accepted that
repudiatory breach. The result was that both parties ceased to be bound by the
arbitration agreement. Marty is not a case where an arbitration agreement
ceased to bind the parties because the contract containing it was vitiated.

59 There is evidence before me that CIETAC accepts the foregoing analysis of
the doctrine of separability and its effect on the validity of the arbitration
agreements. The winding up application before me is one of two which the
claimant has brought. The claimant brought the other winding up application
against a company related to the defendant. Like the claimant’s case against
this defendant, the claimant’s case against the related company rests on
contracts between the claimant and the related company for the sale of copper
cathodes. It is the related company’s case that the counterparties to those
contracts intended that the payment obligations under the contracts should
never be enforceable under PRC law. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DWS at paras 29.

Those contracts contain CIETAC arbitration agreements that are identical to
the arbitration agreements in the contracts between this claimant and this
defendant. The related company has lodged notices of arbitration with CIETAC
referring the claimant’s claims under those contracts to arbitration. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DWS at para 28–31.

CIETAC has accepted the notices. As a result, the claimant withdrew its
winding up application against the related company. I accept that this shows
that CIETAC views the arbitration agreements between the claimant and the
related company to be prima facie valid. I accept also that CIETAC is prima
facie likely to take the same approach with the claimant and the defendant and
is therefore prima facie likely to accept the defendant’s notices of
arbitration if the claimant and the defendant are diverted to arbitration.

The dispute prima facie falls within the scope of the arbitration agreements

60 I accept also that the defendant has established that the dispute between
the parties prima facie falls within the scope of their arbitration
agreements. The arbitration agreements are drawn in the widest of terms. They
oblige both parties to submit “all disputes in connection with the contract or
the performance of the contract” to arbitration, should negotiations fail. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

LY’s Affidavit at para 24, pp 91, 95 and 99.

61 These words are wide enough to encompass the entirety of the defendant’s
case (see [52] above) and, in particular, its case that the parties entered
into these contracts with no intention of enforcing the defendant’s payment
obligation under them and that no copper cathodes were ever actually delivered
to the defendant or to its order. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DWS at para 13.

There is no abuse of process

62 I do not accept that the defendant is abusing the process of the court by
opposing this winding up application. First of all, the threshold for a
finding of an abuse of process is high (AnAn at [99]). Indeed, the Court of
Appeal has said that the cases in which a defendant is abusing the process of
the court “will be few and far between” (Vinmar Overseas (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
PTT International Trading Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 1271 (“Vinmar Overseas”) at
[131]).

63 The example given in Vinmar Overseas of an abusive defendant is one who has
clearly admitted the claimant’s claim as to both liability and quantum but who
advances a dispute to the debt for no reason other than its inability to pay.
The claimant submits that the defendant is abusing the process of the court by
withdrawing its unqualified admission in the audit confirmation. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

CWS at paras 43, 46–50 and 54.

I do not accept this submission. The submission assumes that a person who
makes an unqualified admission in an audit confirmation remains permanently
bound by it for all purposes. That is not correct, at least in the absence of
consideration.

64 It is true that an audit confirmation generally amounts to strong prima
facie evidence of a debt. That is because an audit confirmation is, as a
matter of the law of evidence, an out of court admission of a debt (Capital
Realty Pte Ltd v Chip Thye Enterprises (Pte) Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 419 at
[22]–[24]). But the defendant’s decision to withdraw its admission in this
audit confirmation does not make its opposition to this winding up application
an abuse of process.

65 An audit confirmation is only prima facie evidence of a debt, not
conclusive evidence of a debt. A party who gives an audit confirmation is not
precluded by any principle of procedural or substantive law from showing that
the confirmation, like any other admission, was made in error. That is why a
liquidator considering a proof of debt lodged by a creditor is not bound by an
audit confirmation which the company may have issued to the creditor and is
entitled independently to determine whether the debt exists (Fustar Chemicals
Ltd (Hong Kong) v Liquidator of Fustar Chemicals Pte Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 458
at [13]).

66 Here, the defendant seeks to withdraw its admission in the audit
confirmation on the basis that it was the parties’ intention that the
defendant’s payment obligation under the contracts should never be enforced.
That is not an attractive argument for the defendant to make. But, as the
defendant points out, where the parties are bound by an arbitration agreement,
it is for a duly constituted arbitral tribunal, and not for the insolvency
court, to determine whether the argument should be accepted or rejected.

67 The claimant relies on Camillo Tank SS Co Ltd v Alexandria Engineering
Works (1921) 38 TLR 134 at 143. In that case, Lord Cave held that an audit
confirmation is an out of court admission of a debt. But as I put to counsel
for the claimant in the course of oral submissions, and as he accepted, an
admission made without consideration can be withdrawn if, for example, it was
made in error or fraudulently. In this case, I accept the defendant’s
submission that there are doubts surrounding the accuracy of the audit
confirmation. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DWS at para 52.

In these circumstances, withdrawing the admission in the audit confirmation
does not, in my view, amount to an abuse of process.

68 Further, I accept the defendant’s submission that the reference to
admissions in AnAn and Vinmar Overseas are references to admissions which a
defendant has made in the past and which the defendant has not withdrawn at
the time the winding up application is heard. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DWS at paras 48–49.

In its submissions on this application, the defendant does not even accept
that the admissions on which the claimant relies – ie, the audit confirmation
and the audited financial statements – actually amount to admissions. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DWS at paras 56 and 59.

69 I also do not accept that where a debtor makes an admission and then
withdraws it, that is in itself a basis for finding that the debtor’s
opposition to the winding up application is an abuse of process.

70 Finally, the defendant has not waived its right to refer the dispute to
arbitration. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DWS at para 57.

Even if the defendant has not referred the dispute it raises to arbitration,
it is not an abuse of process for the defendant to rely on the arbitration
agreement.

71 Accordingly, I find that the claimant has failed to meet the high threshold
for showing that the defendant is abusing the process of the court by opposing
the claimant’s winding up application.

Dismissal or stay

72 The next question is whether the winding up application ought to be stayed
or dismissed.

The claimant lacks standing

73 The starting point is that no person has standing to present a winding up
application unless that person is within one of the categories of persons
conferred standing to do so by s 124(1) of the Act (Mann v Goldstein at 1094C,
approved by the English Court of Appeal in Stonegate Securities Ltd v Gregory
[1980] 3 WLR 168 at 176). If a claimant cannot establish standing, the winding
up application fails in limine and must be dismissed.

74 I have concluded that the claimant is precluded on the AnAn approach from
establishing before me that it is a creditor of the defendant and instead must
– indeed, can only – do so through arbitration. To my mind, a claimant who is
precluded by the AnAn approach from establishing that it is a creditor of a
defendant is in the same position as a claimant who has tried and failed to
establish that it is a creditor of the defendant on the ground that the
defendant disputes the claimant’s debt bona fide and on substantial grounds.
In both situations, the claimant has failed, albeit for different reasons, to
establish that it has standing to present the winding up application.

75 The claimant relies on only one ground for its standing to present this
winding up application: that it is a creditor of the defendant within the
meaning of s 124(1)(c) of the Act. Given that the claimant cannot establish
standing on this ground, its application must fail in limine and be dismissed.
If cannot even establish standing, there is no basis on which even to stay the
application.

76 Dismissing the claimant’s winding up application for lack of standing does
not amount to elevating technicality over substance. The requirement of
standing is of vital importance. Our law of insolvency allows any person who
claims to be a creditor of a company to present a winding up application
against the company without any need first to establish even a prima facie
case that it is a creditor of the company (cf s 124(1)(b) read with s
124(2)(a) of the Act).

The drastic legal and commercial consequences of a winding up application

77 A person claiming to be a creditor of a company is therefore in a position
to use its power to present a winding up application as a threat to secure a
collateral advantage, such as payment of a debt which is disputed. This is a
very powerful threat. The very act of presenting a winding up application –
even if no winding up order is ever made – has drastic legal and commercial
consequences for a company, its shareholders, its stakeholders and even for
its other creditors. These consequences themselves can tip a solvent company
into insolvency. Three examples of these drastic consequences suffice.

78 First, s 130 of the Act provides that any disposition of the property of
the company, any transfer of shares in the company and any execution put in
force against the company after a winding up application has been presented is
void unless the court otherwise orders. This is the functional equivalent of a
freezing injunction. Indeed, it is more draconian than a freezing injunction
in several ways. It takes effect automatically by law as soon as a winding up
application is presented. There is no need for the claimant to apply or to
show that a freezing order is warranted by establishing a good arguable case
against the defendant and a real risk that the defendant will dissipate its
assets while the winding up application is pending. The claimant is not
required to give any undertaking to compensate the company if the winding up
application is dismissed, either because it is misconceived or, worse, an
abuse of the process of the court, or withdrawn. There is no exception in s
130 of the Act which permits a company to dispose of its property in the
ordinary course of its business without the leave of court.

79 Second, every winding up application must be advertised. The purpose of the
advertisement is to give notice to all those who do business with the company
that it is subject to a winding up application. The advertisement is published
in the usual course even before the company can be heard in its own defence,
and without any judicial scrutiny of whether the application is even prima
facie sustainable (see Quartz Hill Consolidated Gold Mining Co v Eyre (1883)
11 QBD 674 at 685 per Brett MR). The consequences of advertisement, coupled
with the effect of s 130 of the Act, is that banks will withdraw or reduce
lines of credit and essential and other suppliers withdrawing credit for
future supplies or refusing to do business with the company altogether.

80 Third, as soon as a winding up application is presented, every repayment of
the company’s debts is subject to a potential challenge as an unfair
preference. Even the fear of a subsequent challenge can make the company’s
creditors reluctant to accept repayment directly from the company.

The requirement of standing is a safeguard against abuse

81 The common law has therefore devised three safeguards to protect a company
from the improper use of a winding up application.

82 The first safeguard is the requirement of standing. The requirement of
standing establishes the necessary legal and factual connection between a
particular claimant and a particular defendant which makes it appropriate even
to enliven the court’s discretion under s 125(1) of the Act to make a winding
up order against the defendant. It ensures that the claimant has a real
interest in the winding up of the defendant and has some basis to inflict upon
the company the drastic consequences that follow from simply presenting a
winding up application. Standing is therefore not a technical requirement but
an important safeguard against abuse.

83 The second safeguard is the procedural discretion to curb an abuse of the
court’s process. The purpose of the statutory right to invoke the court’s
insolvency jurisdiction by presenting a winding up application is to secure a
class remedy on behalf of all creditors which imposes by the court’s order on
an insolvent company the collective statutory scheme for dealing with its
debts (see [30] above). It is therefore an abuse of process to present a
winding up application for any other purpose. This includes for the purpose of
putting improper pressure on a defendant to pay a debt to which it has a bona
fide and substantial defence or against which it can set up a genuine and
substantial set off or other crossclaim (Re Bayoil SA [1999] 1 WLR 147 at
152).

84 The final safeguard is the court’s jurisdiction to enjoin a person from
presenting a winding up application. This jurisdiction will be exercised in
relation to an application that is an abuse of process (Mann v Goldstein) or
which is doomed to fail (Bryanston Finance Ltd v De Vries (No. 2) [1976] 2 WLR
41 at 52). The jurisdiction permits the court even to restrain a claimant from
advertising a winding up application that has already been presented. If the
court can deal with an abuse of process by dismissing a winding up
application, it can equally intervene pre-emptively by injunction to stop the
claimant from commencing or continuing the abuse of process.

Discretion to say should be exercised exceptionally

85 Once the insolvency court is satisfied that a defendant has satisfied the
test at [40] above, the winding up application ought ordinarily to be
dismissed. This is because a stay of a winding up application carries severe
consequences for the company (AnAn at [103]). This is yet another safeguard at
common law to prevent a company suffering the drastic legal and commercial
consequences of an unwarranted presentation of a winding up application (see
[78]–[80] above). The ordinary outcome is simply the natural consequence of a
court finding that the claimant is not a creditor within the meaning of s
124(1)(c) or, at the very least, declining to make a finding as to whether the
claimant is such a creditor, and diverting the parties to resolve their
dispute in the usual way.

86 I therefore do not consider it harsh on the claimant that its winding up
application should be dismissed instead of stayed. It is well established
that, if a claimant cannot establish standing, its winding up application
ought to be dismissed even if the court is satisfied, for example, that the
defendant is insolvent (Mann v Goldstein at 1094D). It could be suggested that
Lord Hoffman’s dictum in Parmalat (see [31] above) suggests that the
insolvency court has a discretion to make a winding up order even if it is
satisfied that a defendant disputes a claimant’s debt bona fide and on
substantial grounds. But as my analysis of Brinds shows, what Lord Hoffman was
referring to in Parmalat is a situation where an insolvency court finds that
the defendant disputes a debt bona fide and on substantial grounds but goes
on, in the exercise of its overriding procedural discretion, to determine the
substantive legal issue itself rather than diverting the parties to
litigation.

87 If a winding up application brought without standing ought to be dismissed
regardless of actual insolvency, a fortiori it ought to be dismissed when the
claimant merely has “legitimate concerns” as to the solvency of the defendant
(see [43] above).

88 In any event, I do not accept that the claimant has shown that there are
“legitimate concerns” as to the solvency of the defendant. The claimant simply
makes the point that the defendant is unable to pay its debts. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

CWS at paras 65–71.

This is not sufficient to justify a stay. As the Court of Appeal held in Anan,
examples of legitimate concerns include balance sheet insolvency or the fact
that there are other winding up applications by other creditors. That would
suggest that the defendant is relying on the arbitration agreements and the
AnAn approach simply to delay payment of legitimate debts (at [112]).

89 To grant the claimant a stay would amount to granting a person who has
failed to establish that it is a creditor of a defendant within the meaning of
s 124(1)(c) of the Act the benefit of a freezing injunction over the
defendant’s assets without the claimant having to prove a good arguable case,
without the claimant having to prove a risk of dissipation and without the
claimant having to undertake to compensate the defendant for loss if no
winding up order is ultimately made. The purpose of the insolvency court’s
power to stay a winding up application is not to grant a claimant the
functional equivalent of a freezing injunction without the claimant satisfying
the prerequisites which warrant such relief or offering the safeguards which
must accompany such relief.

The defendant disputes debt bona fide and on substantial grounds

90 In any event, to the extent that it is necessary, I also accept that the
defendant has gone beyond the AnAn approach to establish on the general
approach that it disputes the claimant’s debt bona fide and on substantial
grounds.

91 The defendant asserts on affidavit that the copper cathodes were never
delivered. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents dated 22 September 2022 (“DBOD”) at p 500;
LY’s Affidavit at para 29.

The liquidators are unable to assert on affidavit that the claimant in fact
delivered the copper cathodes to the defendant. The defendant’s factual case
is therefore unrebutted. The most the liquidators can say – and which is what
they argue – is that the absence of documents proving delivery does not prove
that there was in fact no delivery. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DWS at para 41; DBOD at p 699; CF’s Affidavit at para 13.

But the burden is on the claimant to show that there was delivery. If there
was no delivery, there can be no debt. The liquidators have no personal
knowledge of the formation or performance of the contracts out of which the
claimant’s debt allegedly arises. And they have not produced any evidence of
delivery from the claimant’s directors or management who do have personal
knowledge. I am therefore satisfied that the defendant has raised at least a
triable issue.

92 Further, the claimant failed to enforce the defendant’s alleged payment
obligation under the contracts for six years, from 2015 to 2021. It is
significant to me that the claimant made attempts to recover this debt only
after the liquidators took control of the claimant in 2021. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DWS at para 37.

Before that, the claimant was under the control of its directors and managers
from 2015 to 2021. If the contracts were genuine contracts and were actually
performed, the claimant’s directors and managers would have had personal
knowledge of that. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

ESM’s Affidavit at para 4.

They would have no reason not to take steps to recover the debt. But they
failed to take any steps to recover this debt for six years. Their failure
lends some credence to the defendant’s submission that the parties entered
into the contracts for bookkeeping purposes only, with no intention that the
defendant’s ostensible payment obligations to the claimant should be enforced.

93 In all the circumstances, it appears to me that there are triable issues
such that the defendant would secure leave to defend in an application for
summary judgment in a civil action. I therefore find that the defendant
disputes the claimant’s debt bona fide and on substantial grounds. On this
ground also the winding up application ought to be dismissed.

The safer approach

94 The claimant could have avoided this result simply by taking the safer
approach of securing and relying on a binding adjudication that the defendant
owes a debt to the claimant. I begin by considering the legal effect of a
judgment and then consider the legal effect of an arbitral award.

A judgment

95 A claimant who has in hand a judgment from a civil court of competent
jurisdiction establishing that the defendant is liable to pay a sum of money
to the claimant undoubtedly has standing to present a winding up application
as a creditor of the defendant. That is because such a judgment has two
important legal consequences.

96 First, when a court enters judgment for a sum of money in favour of one
party (A) and against another party (B), the result of that judgment is to
create the legal relationship of creditor and debtor between A and B. A money
judgment has that result no matter what branch of law gave rise to the claim
underlying the judgment. Upon and by reason of the judgment being entered, A
is a creditor of B and B is a debtor of A. That is so regardless of whether
the claim underlying the judgment is a claim for compensation or other
monetary relief in equity or at common law; whether it is a claim at common
law in debt or sounding in damages; whether it is a claim for damages for
breaching a contract or for committing a tort; whether it is a claim for a
liquidated sum or for an unliquidated sum; and even if it is a liability
arising under the procedural law, for example the liability of an unsuccessful
claimant to pay costs to a successful defendant under a judgment. The
judgment, in and of itself, confers upon A the status of a creditor as against
B.

97 That result is simply the effect of the doctrine of merger. Upon judgment,
the underlying claim by A against B that the judgment has vindicated merges
into the judgment. The liability that results from the judgment thereafter
constitutes a debt owed by B to A. Therefore, upon and by reason of the
judgment, A becomes a creditor (a judgment creditor) of B and B becomes a
debtor (a judgment debtor) of A.

98 Second, the judgment renders its subject-matter res judicata. That result
precludes B from thereafter challenging the content of the judgment, and
therefore of A’s status as a creditor of B, for all legal purposes. Unless and
until the judgment is set aside, B is precluded by law for all purposes from
denying both that A is a creditor of B and the amount in which A is a creditor
of B. These purposes include establishing A’s status as a creditor of B for
the purposes of having standing under s 124(1)(c) of the Act to bring a
winding up application and thereafter, if a winding up order is made, making a
claim in the proof of debt procedure.

An arbitral award

99 I have thus far spoken only of a money judgment of a civil court of
competent jurisdiction and its effect on the issue of standing in a subsequent
winding up application. But of course, a claimant can establish standing by
relying on any adjudication of any tribunal which has the same legal effect as
a judgment, ie, an adjudication that both: (a) confers upon A the status of a
creditor of B regardless of the nature of the underlying claim; and (b)
precludes B from challenging A’s status as a creditor of B and the amount in
which A is a creditor of B.

100 The paradigm example of a tribunal of that type that is not a civil court
is, of course, an arbitral tribunal. And a paradigm example of an adjudication
which has the same legal effect as a judgment is, of course, an arbitral
award.

101 In my view, what the claimant ought to have done in the circumstances of
this case was to secure an arbitral award against the defendant before
invoking the jurisdiction of the court. In that sense, the claimant was the
author of its own misfortune.

  
  

Conclusion

102 I emphasised to parties during oral submissions that I do not condone a
company relying on its own wrong – or at least its own deceptive conduct in
relation to its audit confirmations, its accounts and its relationship with
other companies – to oppose a winding up application. It nevertheless remains
the case that a winding up application seeks a class remedy which puts a
company under external administration for the preservation and advancement of
creditors’ interests collectively. In securing that class remedy, it is
absolutely fundamental that the claimant be able to establish that it is a
member of that class.

103 Even if a company is hopelessly insolvent, if there is no person who has
standing under s 124(1) of the Act to present a winding up application, the
scheme of ss 124 and 125 of the Act is that that company remains outside the
reach of the court’s insolvency jurisdiction. To put it bluntly, our
insolvency law does not permit corporate vigilantism.

Grounds under s 125(1)

104 Given that I have found that the claimant’s winding up application fails
in limine because it cannot establish that it has standing to present it, it
is unnecessary to consider whether the claimant has made out any of the
grounds under s 125(1) which enliven the court’s discretion to make a winding
up order.

105 However, in case I am wrong on the issue of standing, I go on to consider
the two grounds on which the claimant relies. For the purpose of the analysis
which follows, I assume contrary to my finding that the claimant has been able
to establish that it is a creditor of the defendant.

106 I begin with the ground that the defendant is unable to pay its debts
within the meaning of s 125(1)(e) of the Act.

Unable to pay its debts

The test of insolvency

107 The only statutory test of inability to pay debts which is of general
application is found in s 125(2)(c) of the Act (Re Ascentra Holdings, Inc (in
official liquidation) and others (SPGK Pte Ltd, non-party) [2023] SGHC 82 at
[43]–[44], citing BNY Corporate Trustee Services Ltd v Eurosail-UK 2007-3BL
plc and others [2013] 1 WLR 1408 (“BNY v Eurosail”) at [24]–[25] and [35]).
The phrase “as they fall due” is implicit in this test. As Lord Walker pointed
out in BNY v Eurosail (at [30] and [37]) the content of this test has never
changed in substance even though it changed significantly in form from its
original enactment in s 80(4) of the Companies Act 1862 (c 89) (UK) until it
reached its final form in the Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK). The test in
that final form incorporated, expressly and for the first time, the words “as
they fall due” and an express provision requiring the court to take into
account a company’s contingent and prospective liabilities.

108 The plaintiff seeks to establish that the defendant is insolvent in two
ways.

109 First, the claimant relies on the rebuttable presumption that the
defendant is unable to pay its debts that arose under s 125(2)(a) of the Act
upon the defendant’s failure to comply with the claimant’s statutory demand
(see [13] above). The claimant can rely on this presumption only if the
claimant is a “creditor” of the defendant and the defendant is “indebted” to
the claimant, both within the meaning of s 125(2)(a) of the Act. If either of
those conditions is not satisfied, no presumption of insolvency can arise
under s 125(2)(a).

110 In the alternative, the claimant relies on the defendant’s financial
statements from 2015 to 2020 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

CF’s Affidavit” at pp 171, 198, 223 and 251; LY’s Affidavit at p 174.

to prove to the satisfaction of the court under s 125(2)(c) of the Act that
the defendant is unable to pay its debts.

111 I accept the claimant’s alternative submission and find that the defendant
is indeed insolvent.

112 The only test for determining whether a company is insolvent for the
purposes of s 125(2)(c) of the Act is the cash flow test. On this test, a
company is insolvent if its current liabilities exceed its current assets such
that it is or will, in the reasonably near future, be unable to meet all of
its debts as and when they fall due. The reasonably near future for the
purposes of this test is taken to be twelve months. This aligns the test for
legal and commercial insolvency with the standard accounting definition of
current assets and current liabilities (Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd v RCMA Asia
Pte Ltd (formerly known as Tong Teik Pte Ltd) [2021] 2 SLR 478 (“Sun
Electric”) at [65]–[67]).

113 The defendant’s audited accounts from 2016 to 2020 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

CF’s Affidavit at pp 171, 198, 223 and 251; LY’s Affidavit at p 174.

show that its current liabilities far exceeded its current assets for all of
those years. These accounts also show that its accumulated losses created a
substantial and structural capital deficiency which continues to the present
day:

  
  
Year ended 31 Dec| Current assets| Current liabilities| Net Profit/ (Loss)|
Net capital deficiency  
---|---|---|---|---  
2016 59

##### Foot Note 59

× CF’s Affidavit at pp 171–172.  | US$126m| US$200m| (US$74m)| US$74m  
2017 60

##### Foot Note 60

× CF’s Affidavit at pp 198–199.  | US$53m| US$99m| US$28m| US$47m  
2018 61

##### Foot Note 61

× CF’s Affidavit at pp 223–224.  | US$30m| US$94m| (US$18m)| US$64m  
2019 62

##### Foot Note 62

× CF’s Affidavit at pp 251–252.  | US$34m| US$91m| US$7.5m| US$57m  
2020 63

##### Foot Note 63

× LY’s Affidavit at pp 174–175. | US$38m| US$91m| US$3.7m| US$53m  
  
114 Throughout this period, the defendant’s only assets were its current
assets, and its only liabilities were its current liabilities. There is
therefore no difference between the defendant’s total assets or total
liabilities as reflected in any given balance sheet and its current assets or
current liabilities as reflected in the same balance sheet.

115 The defendant’s auditors acknowledged every year from 2016 to 2020 that
there was a material uncertainty casting significant doubt on the defendant’s
ability to continue as a going concern. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

CF’s Affidavit at pp 168, 195, 220 and 248; LY’s Affidavit at p 171.

From 2016 to 2018, the auditors stated that they were able to conduct their
audit on a going concern basis only because they assumed that the defendant
would continue to receive financial support from the PUFG Group over the
forthcoming 12 months and that the defendant’s business operations would be
profitable in the future. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

CF’s Affidavit at pp 189, 214 and 241–242.

116 The defendant’s auditors did not qualify their opinion on the defendant’s
financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2016, 2017 or 2018. From
2019, however, the auditors’ report on the defendant’s financial statements
were heavily qualified.

117 For the year 2019, the auditors made two qualifications to their audit
report. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

CF’s Affidavit at p 248.

First, they noted that they could not obtain satisfactory information and
adequate assurance from the defendant about a substantial and material sum of
US$27.86m recorded in the defendant’s financial statements as being due to the
defendant from related companies. That figure represented over 80% of the
defendant’s current assets as at 31 December 2019. Second, the auditors noted
that the defendant’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by over
US$56.91m. This indicated to the auditors that there was a material
uncertainty which may cast significant doubt on the defendant’s ability to
continue as a going concern. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

CF’s Affidavit at p 248.

118 The auditors repeated these two qualifications in the defendant’s audited
accounts for the year ended 31 December 2020. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

LY’s Affidavit at p 171.

Once again, they could not obtain satisfactory information and adequate
assurance from the defendant about the substantial and material sum, now
US$38m, recorded in the financial statements as being due to the defendant
from related companies. That figure represented almost 99% of the defendant’s
current assets as at 31 December 2020. Once again, the auditors noted that the
defendant’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets, this time by
US$53m.

119 In their 2020 audit report, the auditors added the qualification for the
first time that they were unable to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit
evidence that the defendant’s shareholder was willing to provide continuing
financial support to enable the defendant to meet its liabilities as and when
they fell due. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

LY’s Affidavit at p 171.

Without such support, the defendant would be unable to pay its debts as they
fell due.

120 The defendant’s audited financial statements for the year ended 31
December 2020 are dated 23 March 2021. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

LY’s Affidavit at p 170.

By that time, of course, PUFG was subject to the reorganisation proceedings in
the PRC. The defendant is now under new ownership as a result of the
reorganisation plan. There is nothing to suggest that the defendant’s
financial position has improved since 31 December 2020. In particular, there
is nothing to suggest that the consortium of strategic investors are prepared
to provide any financial support whatsoever to the defendant.

Conclusion on insolvency

121 Given the state of the defendant’s audited accounts, the claimant has
proved to my satisfaction under s 125(2)(c) of the Act that the defendant is
unable to pay its debts within the meaning of s 125(1)(e) of the Act.

122 Therefore, if the claimant had been able to establish that it is a
creditor of the defendant within the meaning of s 124(1)(c) of the Act, I
would have wound up the defendant on the ground that the defendant is unable
to pay its debts.

Just and equitable

123 The second ground on which the claimant applies to wind up the defendant
is the just and equitable ground under s 125(1)(i) of the Act. A creditor
undoubtedly has standing to apply to wind up a company on this ground. Section
124(1)(c) permits a creditor to present a winding up application on any ground
set out in s 125(1). This is in contrast to, for example, the Minister who can
present a winding up application only on one or more of the five grounds under
s 125(1) which are specified in s 124(1)(g) (Grimmett, Andrew and others v HTL
International Holdings Pte Ltd (under judicial management) (Phua Yong Tat and
others, non-parties) [2022] 5 SLR 991 at [38]).

124 I do not accept on that the defendant should be wound up on the just and
equitable ground. The claimant relies on several cases which set out the
principles on which the court will exercise its discretion to wind up a
company on the just and equitable ground. But all of those are cases in which
the winding up application was presented by a shareholder or by a government
authority acting in the public interest. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

CWS at paras 25–33 and 74.

125 In my view, a creditor who presents an application to wind up a company on
the just and equitable ground is in a fundamentally different position from a
shareholder who presents an application to wind up a company on the just and
equitable ground. The fundamental difference is that a shareholder is a party
to the company’s constitution, ie, the statutory contract between the
shareholders inter se and the company, and therefore has an interest
recognised and protected by law in remedying any injustice or inequity in the
way in which the parties to that contract perform their obligations under it.
In contrast, the only interest of a creditor which the law recognises and
protects as against the company is his interest in getting his debt paid in
full.

126 The premise of the just and equitable ground as between shareholders is to
provide a minority shareholder an exception to the prima facie or default rule
of company law, which is that the minority must submit to the will of the
majority unless otherwise provided in the company’s constitution. Thus, the
just and equitable ground is primarily a method by which a minority
shareholder – who, for whatever reason, does not wish to bring an application
under ss 216 or 216A of the Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) – can seek a
winding up order to put a permanent end to injustice or inequity in how the
majority is running the company.

127 A winding up order addresses injustice and inequity because it has two
important effects. First, it puts a disinterested external administrator,
appointed by and answerable to the court, in control of the company. It
thereby releases the minority shareholder from the self-interested will of the
majority. Second, the winding up order brings an end to the company as a
commercial enterprise. It thereby allows the minority shareholder to recover
his capital, which would otherwise be locked in the company subject to the
will of the majority, and deploy it in other investments. This is why the just
and equitable ground is fault-based when invoked by a shareholder, requiring
establishing unfairness, lack of probity, etc (eg, Sim Yong Kim v Evenstar
Investments Pte Ltd [2006] 3 SLR(R) 827 at [31]; Ma Wai Fong Kathryn v
Trillion Investment Pte Ltd and others and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 1046 at
[38]). If it were otherwise, the principle of majority rule would be devoid of
meaning.

128 The premise of the just and equitable ground as between a shareholder and
the company has no application whatsoever as between a creditor and the
company. A creditor is not a party to the company’s constitution. A creditor
is not subject to the default principle of majority shareholder rule. A
creditor’s capital is locked in the company subject to majority rule. An
unpaid creditor can demand repayment of his debt any time after it falls due.
And if payment is not forthcoming, an unpaid creditor can attempt to recover
the debt by suit or can present a winding up application on grounds of
insolvency. A creditor has no legal interest protected by law in how a solvent
company is managed internally (eg, Re Vangory Holdings Pty Ltd [2015] NSWSC
1809 at [37], in the context of a contingent creditor).

129 The only interest of a creditor against a company which is recognised and
protected by law is its interest in having its debts paid in full as they fall
due. If a company is able to do that, the creditor has no interest recognised
or recognised by law in how the company is managed internally. That is so even
if the company’s business is riddled with fraud, even if the company’s
majority is running the company with manifest unfairness, injustice and
inequity and even if the company’s directors have acted with a manifest lack
of probity. So too, a company may be run with absolute fairness, exceptional
standards of probity and scrupulous honesty such that no shareholder could
have it wound up on the just and equitable ground. But if it is unable to pay
its debts as they fall due, any one of its creditors will be entitled ex
debito justitiae to have it wound up on grounds of insolvency.

130 This is not to say that the just and equitable ground has no application
to creditors. But the very different legal relationship between a creditor and
the company means that what makes a winding up order “just and equitable” as
between a creditor and the company is quite different from what makes a
winding up order “just and equitable” as between a shareholder and the
company. In my view, the core class of cases in which a winding up order would
be just and equitable from a creditor’s perspective would be cases in which,
for some reason, the creditor is able to show that its interests as a creditor
are or are likely be adversely affected but is unable to show that the company
is unable to pay its debts within the meaning of s 125(2)(c) of the Act.

131 One example would be a company that is balance sheet insolvent in a manner
which adversely affects a creditor without being cash flow insolvent. Or a
company that is cash flow insolvent in a manner which adversely affects a
creditor, but only if the court looks at current assets and current
liabilities over a period of just beyond 12 months (cf Sun Electric at
[50]–[69]). In both situations, the creditor will not be able to show that the
company is unable to pay its debts within the meaning of s 125(2)(c) of the
Act. In those circumstances, a creditor may be able to show that – from the
creditor’s perspective – it is just and equitable to wind up the company under
s 125(1)(i).

132 What this goes to show is that the purpose of the court’s just and
equitable jurisdiction is quite different when it is invoked by a shareholder
and when it is invoked by a creditor. I therefore do not consider that the
claimant can, in its capacity as a creditor, rely on principles drawn from
cases where a shareholder secured an order to wind up a company on the just
and equitable ground. It is, of course, true that the words “just and
equitable” are of the “widest significance” (Chow Kwok Chuen v Chow Kwok Chi
and another [2008] 4 SLR(R) 362 at [14], quoting In re Blériot Manufacturing
Aircraft Company (Limited) (1916) 32 TLR 253 at 255, per Neville J). But,
although the notion of “unfairness” is broad, it “does not give the court a
license for capriciousness, and its powers should be exercised with caution”
(Phua Kiah Mai v The Kheng Chiu Tin Hou Kong and Burial Ground [2022] SGHC 36
at [13]). So simply showing that the phrase “just and equitable” and the
underlying consideration of “unfairness” are broad cannot erase the
fundamental difference between the legal interests of a shareholder and the
legal interests of a creditor which the law recognises and protects.

133 The claimant cites two cases in which a creditor secured a winding up
order on the just and equitable ground. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Claimant’s Bundle of Authorities dated 22 September 2022 at Tabs 23 and 28.

But in my view, one authority is distinguishable and the proposition that the
claimant relies in the other authority is merely dicta.

134 The first case is Re Ah Yee Contractors (Pte) Ltd [1987] SLR(R) 396. The
claimant relies on this case for the proposition that a creditor with a
tangible interest in the winding up of a company may secure a winding up on
the just and equitable ground on the same grounds that a shareholder can rely
on. But the applicant in that case was both a creditor and a shareholder. This
case is no authority that a creditor who has a tangible interest in the
winding up of a company, and nothing more, can apply to wind up the company on
the just and equitable ground on the very same principles as a shareholder. In
fact, much of the court’s analysis in that case focused on the management of
the company, which related more to the applicant’s capacity as a shareholder.

135 The second case is RCMA Asia Pte Ltd v Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd [2020]
SGHC 205. In that case, the High Court made a winding up order on the
application of a creditor on two grounds: (a) that the company was unable to
pay its debts; and (b) that it was just and equitable to wind up the
defendant. On the latter ground, the court accepted that it was just and
equitable to wind up the defendant because of a lack of probity in the conduct
and management of the defendant’s affairs. The court drew no distinction in
that case between the principles applicable to a winding up application on the
just and equitable ground brought by a shareholder and one brought by a
creditor.

136 The first point I make is that the High Court’s finding on the just and
equitable ground was unnecessary for its decision. Indeed, on appeal, the
Court of Appeal was satisfied that the company was unable to pay its debts and
found it unnecessary to deal with the just and equitable ground. To that
extent, the finding at first instance that it was just and equitable to wind
up the company on the creditor’s application because of a lack of probity in
the company’s management was merely dicta. The second point I make is that,
for the reasons I have given, there are compelling reasons of principle why
the governing principles on the just and equitable ground must be different in
the two classes of cases. For that reason, I would respectfully differ from
the view that an unpaid creditor can present a winding up application against
a company on the grounds that there is lack of probity in the conduct and
management of the company’s affairs.

Conclusion

137 For all of the foregoing reasons, I have dismissed the claimant’s
application to wind up the defendant on two broad grounds. First, the claimant
cannot establish that it is a creditor of the defendant. That necessarily
means that its application to wind up the defendant must fail on the threshold
issue of standing. It is therefore irrelevant that I have found the defendant
to be insolvent within the meaning of s 125(1)(e). And it is unnecessary to
consider the just and equitable ground under s 125(1)(i).

138 Even if I had to consider the just and equitable ground, I consider that
it is not just and equitable to wind up the defendant on any of the grounds
advanced by the claimant. They are all grounds which arise from cases
involving shareholders who have presented winding up applications seeking to
bring an end to unfairness or a lack of probity in how a company is managed.
The propositions from the cases involving creditors who appear to have
succeeded on the just and equitable ground can either be distinguished or are
obiter. Even if I were to assume that the claimant is a creditor of the
defendant, none of the grounds on which the claimant relies makes it just and
equitable for the claimant, as a creditor of the defendant, to secure a
winding up order against the defendant.

139 I have therefore dismissed the claimant’s winding up application. I have
also ordered the claimant to pay to the defendant the costs of and incidental
to the application, such costs fixed at $25,000 including disbursements.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy

Judge of the High Court

Sarjit Singh Gill SC, Daniel Tan, Hoang Linh Trang, Jeremy Chu and Edwin Yang
(Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the claimant;

Tan Chuan Thye SC, Sim Kwan Kiat, Mark Cheng, Timothy Ang and Tan Tian Hui
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 May 2023 (15:24 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

