Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In THE FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 26

District Court Appeal No 83 of 2022

Between

(1)| WGE  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| WGF  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Division – Appropriate indirect
contributions ratio to be assigned to homemaker wife]

[Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Pool of matrimonial assets – Homemaking
efforts not leading to substantial improvement of a company’s shares]

[Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Valuation of shares – Whether discounts for
lack of marketability and for lack of control were warranted under the market
approach on the facts]

[Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Valuation of shares – Appropriate value of
discounts to be applied for lack of marketability and for lack of control on
the facts]

[Family Law – Maintenance – Wife – Appropriate multiplicand and multiplier to
be applied on the facts]

[Family Law – Maintenance – Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WGE

  
v

  

WGF

[2023] SGHCF 26

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 83 of 2022  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
25 January, 27 March 2023

22 May 2023 Judgment reserved.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

Introduction

1 HCF/DCA 83/2022 is an appeal against a decision of the Family Courts in
relation to the division of matrimonial assets and maintenance.

Facts

The parties

2 The Appellant is WGE (“the Wife”).

3 The Respondent is WGF (“the Husband”).

4 The Wife and Husband were married on 26 September 2010 and have one child to
the marriage (“D”), who is seven years old this year. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROA vol.1 at p39 Para 2.

Background to the dispute

5 The Wife commenced divorce proceedings on 22 January 2021 against the
Husband on the basis that the Husband had behaved in such a way that she could
not reasonably be expected to live with him. The interim judgment was granted
on 24 March 2021 on an uncontested basis. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA vol.1 p39 Para 3.

This was a marriage of around ten years and four months. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA vol.1 p39 Para 4.

6 The parties resolved the child-related issues by way of a consent order
dated 6 August 2021. The remaining contested issues are the ancillary issues
relating to the division of matrimonial assets, and maintenance for the Wife
and child. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA vol.1 p40 Para 6.

Decision below

7 I first summarise below the District Judge’s (“DJ”) decision.

Division of matrimonial assets

8 In respect of the division of matrimonial assets, the DJ valued the
matrimonial assets as at the date of the AM hearing (17 August 2022) and found
that the total pool of matrimonial assets available for division was
$2,673,518.45. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA vol.1 p65 Para 76.

In arriving at this figure for the pool of matrimonial assets, the DJ excluded
the Dutch bank accounts and the Husband’s pension policy (from his previous
employment) from the matrimonial pool.

9 The house at Sin Min Walk, which was the matrimonial home, was valued at
$1,550,000 by the DJ. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA vol.1 p62 Paras 65-68.

This valuation is not the subject of any appeal.

10 In respect of the Husband’s current shares in the company KS Pte Ltd (“KS”)
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA vol.2 p11, p115.

, the DJ found that most of the 939,657 current KS shares had been acquired in
2008 before the marriage to the Wife. The DJ excluded these KS shares from the
matrimonial pool. Only the 557 KS shares which were acquired by the Husband
during the marriage were included in the matrimonial pool. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROA vol.1 p49 Para 32.

11 In respect of the Husband’s shares in MS Pte Ltd (“MS”), the DJ found that
all 210,000 MS shares should be included in the matrimonial pool. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROA vol.1 p52-53 Para 40.

In valuing the shares, the DJ noted that the Husband had tried to downplay the
value of MS during the ancillary proceedings and that he had not fully
cooperated in the valuation exercise. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROA vol.1 p55-56 Para 48.

The DJ rejected the valuation provided by the Husband’s expert. He preferred
the approach adopted by the Wife’s expert, who had used both the market and
the income approach, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROA vol.1 p57 Para 52.

but he differed from the Wife’s expert in relation to the discounts he applied
for lack of marketability and lack of control. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROA vol.1 p57-60 Paras 53-59.

Ultimately, the DJ valued the Husband’s MS shares at $466,561.24. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROA vol.1 p60 Para 60.

12 In respect of the Husband’s cryptocurrency assets, the DJ found these to be
worth around $487,586.14 at the time of the ancillary matters (“AM”) hearing.
He rejected the Husband’s request for these cryptocurrency assets to be
divided in specie. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA vol.1 p61 Paras 63-64; p70 Paras 93-94.

13 Having identified and valued the matrimonial assets, the DJ next considered
the parties’ direct financial contributions and indirect contributions. The DJ
apportioned the parties’ direct financial contribution in the ratio of 88:12
in favour of the Husband. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROA vol.1 p66 Para 80.

Noting that the Husband had a significantly higher income than the Wife and
that the latter had stopped working from September 2010, the DJ concluded that
the Husband would have contributed the lion’s share of indirect financial
contributions during the marriage, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROA vol.1 p66-67 Para 82.

but that the Wife made significantly larger indirect non-financial
contributions to the marriage. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROA vol.1 p68 Para 88.

The DJ apportioned the parties’ indirect contributions in the ratio of 52:48
in favour of the Wife. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROA vol.1 p69 Para 90.

14 The DJ accorded equal weightage to both ratios and arrived at a final ratio
of 68:32 in favour of the Husband. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROA vol.1 p69-70 Paras 91-92.

Maintenance orders

15 In respect of the issue of maintenance, the DJ found that the Husband had a
much larger income compared to the Wife’s: he had an undisputed income of
$14,980 per month, excluding significant dividends from his various
shareholdings. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROA vol.1 p72 Para 99.

Having assessed the Wife’s reasonable monthly expenses to be around $3,013.15
per month, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROA vol.1 p78 Para 105.

the DJ found that the Wife’s needs would exceed her present income, since her
basic monthly salary was $3,000, with a take-home salary of around $2,400 per
month after CPF deductions. Based on the amount allowed for the Wife’s
reasonable monthly expenses, the DJ found that a reasonable multiplicand for
the Wife’s maintenance would be $700 per month. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROA vol.1 p79 Para 109.

16 As for the multiplier, the DJ held that four years would be reasonably
sufficient for the Wife to weather the transition period following the
divorce. He therefore awarded the Wife total maintenance of $33,600. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROA vol.1 p80 Para 113.

17 As for maintenance for the child, D, the DJ found that D’s reasonable
monthly expenses amounted to $1,732 (excluding those to be reimbursed directly
by the Husband). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROA vol.1 p81-83 Paras 114-115.

Taking into account the large difference between the Husband’s income and the
Wife’s income, and the Husband’s significant dividends from his shareholdings,
the DJ held that it would be fair for the Husband to pay 90% of this assessed
quantum (ie, $1,560 per month) and to pay in full for the items to be
reimbursed, with the Wife paying the remaining 10% of the $1,732. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROA vol.1 p84-85 Paras 118-119.

The parties’ cases on appeal

Wife’s Case

18 The Wife contends on appeal that the DJ erred in determining the pool of
matrimonial assets. Per the Wife’s case, the pool of assets should be of much
higher value. It is also the Wife’s case that the DJ erred in apportioning the
parties’ share of the matrimonial assets in the ratio of 68:32 in favour of
the Husband, as she contends that she should have received a larger share in
light of her significant indirect contributions to the marriage. In addition,
she contends that the DJ erred in terms of the amount of maintenance he
awarded her and the amount assessed for D’s monthly expenses, as well as in
ordering her to bear 10% of D’s monthly expenses.

Husband’s Case

19 The Husband maintains that no error was made by the DJ in determining the
pool of matrimonial assets, in dividing the matrimonial assets, in determining
the maintenance amounts awarded for the Wife and D, and in ordering her to
bear 10% of D’s monthly expenses.

Issues on Appeal

20 The following issues arose for my determination in the hearing of this
appeal:

(a) Whether the DJ erred in finding that only 557 (and not all 939,657) of the
Husband’s KS shares were matrimonial assets (“the KS Shares Issue”).

(b) Whether the DJ erred in valuing the Husband’s 210,000 MS shares at
S$466,561.24 (“the MS Shares Issue”).

(c) Whether the DJ erred in assessing parties’ indirect contributions in the
ratio of 52:48 in the Wife’s favour (“the Indirect Contributions Issue”).

(d) Whether the DJ erred in awarding the Wife lump sum maintenance of S$33,600
(“the Maintenance Issue”).

(e) Whether the DJ erred in awarding S$1,732 for D’s monthly expenses and in
ordering the Husband to bear 90% thereof instead of 100% (“the Child
Maintenance Issue”).

21 In the paragraphs that follow, I address these issues seriatim.

22 For the record, the Wife has indicated that she has abandoned her appeals
in respect of the following other aspects of the DJ’s decision: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 3.

(a) The exclusion from the matrimonial pool of three of the Husband’s accounts
in Netherlands; and

(b) The refusal to backdate the Wife’s maintenance.

Basis for review by an appellate court of a trial judge’s decision

23 By way of general principle, it is trite that appellate intervention in
respect of findings of fact made by a trial judge is warranted only when the
trial judge’s assessment is plainly wrong or manifestly against the weight of
the evidence (Nambu PVD Pte Ltd v UBTS Pte Ltd and another appeal [2022] 1 SLR
391 at [8]; Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 (“Tat Seng”) at [41]; Tuitiongenius Pte Ltd v Toh Yew
Keat and another [2021] 1 SLR 231 at [19]; Simpson Marine (SEA) Pte Ltd v
Jiacipto Jiaravanon [2019] 1 SLR 696 at [59]; North Star (S) Capital Pte Ltd v
Yip Fook Meng [2022] 1 SLR 677 at [21]). The rationale for this is that the
trial judge is generally in a better place to assess the credibility of
witnesses, especially in situations where oral evidence is concerned. In Tat
Seng, the Court of Appeal (“CA”) (at [41]) further clarified that where a
finding of fact is not based on the veracity or credibility of the witness,
but is instead based on an inference drawn from the facts or evaluation of the
facts, the appellate court would be in as good a position as the trial judge
to make findings of fact. This would involve the appellate court evaluating
the cogency of the evidence from the witnesses by testing it against inherent
probabilities or uncontroverted facts.

24 In respect of errors of law, the CA in Ng Eng Ghee and others v Mamata
Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd, intervener) and another
appeal [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 at [90] has listed various types of errors of law
(citing Halsbury’s Laws of England vol 1(1) (Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue,
1989) at [70]; see also Mu Qi and another v Management Corporation Strata Plan
No 1849 [2021] 5 SLR 1401 at [34]):

Errors of law include misinterpretation of a statute or any other legal
document or a rule of common law; asking oneself and answering the wrong
question, taking irrelevant considerations into account or failing to take
relevant considerations into account when purporting to apply the law to the
facts; admitting inadmissible evidence or rejecting admissible and relevant
evidence; exercising a discretion on the basis of incorrect legal principles;
giving reasons which disclose faulty legal reasoning or which are inadequate
to fulfil an express duty to give reasons, and misdirecting oneself as to the
burden of proof. [emphasis in original]

Issue 1: Whether the DJ erred in finding that only 557 (instead of all
939,657) of the Husband’s KS shares are matrimonial assets

25 Bearing these general principles in mind, I first address the KS Shares
Issue.

Decision below

26 In the proceedings below, the DJ ruled that of the 939,657 KS shares held
by the Husband (which had a value of S$492,399.32), only 557 of these shares
were to be included in the matrimonial pool for distribution. This was because
the DJ found that the Husband had clear documentary evidence to show that
1,000,000 KS shares had been acquired in 2008, whereas 557 shares had been
acquired in the course of the marriage, in September 2019. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROA vol.1 at p49 Para 32.

27 As to the Wife’s argument that the Husband’s entire KS shareholding should
be included in the matrimonial pool because her efforts in caring for the home
had freed up the Husband to build the business, this was rejected by the DJ.
The DJ did not agree that the Wife had substantially improved the assets such
that it had been transformed into a matrimonial asset. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROA vol.1 at p50 Paras 33-34.

Instead, he found that KS had already developed the software by 2013 and sold
it to MS for S$200,000; that this event had taken place early on in the
marriage where both parties were still working; and that nothing much could be
said about parties’ respective indirect contributions in that period. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROA vol.1 at p50 Para 34.

Moreover, the position advocated by the Wife was against the weight of
authority. Citing USB v USA [2020] 2 SLR 588 (“USB v USA”) at [21]-[22], the
DJ observed that the reference to “substantial improvement” of assets
necessarily had an economic connotation: the court’s focus had to be on
whether there had been some expenditure or application of effort towards the
improvement of the asset in an economic sense; 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROA vol.1 at p50-51 Para 35.

and this necessarily entailed either a direct investment or effort having an
economic value. Applying USB v USA, the DJ held that the Wife’s efforts in
this case did not qualify as efforts going towards the improvement of the KS
shares in an economic sense. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROA vol.1 at p50-51 Para 35.

28 As to the Wife’s argument that the Husband had utilised his salary and
dividends from the KS business for family expenses, and that these acts
revealed his clear intention to treat all KS shares as matrimonial assets, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ROA vol.1 at p50 Para 33.

this was also rejected by the DJ. The DJ agreed with the Husband that he was
utilising the income from the company, as opposed to utilising the assets
themselves. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ROA vol.1 at p51 Para 36.

In this connection, the DJ distinguished between the usage of proceeds from a
sale of the underlying shares on the one hand, and utilisation of income
earned from employment in the company as well as dividends paid out from the
shares on the other hand. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ROA vol.1 at p51 Para 37.

Wife’s Case

29 On appeal, the Wife submitted that the DJ had read USB v USA incorrectly:
the CA in USB v USA (so the Wife claimed) did not rule that indirect non-
financial contributions had no economic value for the purpose of the
“substantial improvement” exception. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 6(b).

The Wife also argued that in USB v USA, the words “in an economic sense” were
used by the CA to describe or to qualify the words “the improvement of the
asset”, rather than the nature of the effort itself. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 4 ln 10 to ln 27.

According to the Wife, therefore, the court should focus, not on the effort,
but on “whether there was an improvement in the assets in some measurable
sense”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 4 ln 29 to p 5 ln 14.

30 According to the Wife too, the view that indirect non-financial
contributions did not qualify for the “substantial improvement” exception was
contrary to the position taken in the earlier cases of Hoong Khai Soon v Cheng
Kwee Eng [1993] 1 SLR(R) 823 (“Hoong Khai Soon”) and Chen Siew Hwee v Low Kee
Guan [2006] 4 SLR(R) 605 (“Chen Siew Hwee”). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 6(a).

Husband’s Case

31 The Husband, on the other hand, submitted that there was no “substantial
improvement” made by the Wife to the Husband’s KS shares, because there was no
direct causal connection between the Wife’s actions and the value of the
shares – such causal connection being a requirement for “substantial
improvement” per the CA in USB v USA.

32 Insofar as the Wife had taken care of D and thus freed the Husband up to
focus his energies on building the business, her contributions should be
characterised as non-financial contributions to the marriage – and not as a
“substantial improvement” of the KS shares. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Respondent’s Case at Paras 20-23.

In this connection, the Husband submitted that caselaw had established clearly
that a spouse’s efforts in taking care of the children of the marriage would
not qualify as substantial improvement of the other spouse’s assets. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Respondent’s Case at Paras 24-26.

Instead, examples of effort which qualified as “substantial improvement”
included cases where a spouse had direct involvement in the business: ie, the
spouse took on a role as a director, employee, shareholder or advisor with the
company. In this case, the Wife was indisputably not involved in KS in any
way, and so could not claim to have substantially improved the KS shares. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Respondent’s Case at Para 27.

33 Further, citing USB v USA (at [22]), the Husband contended that the CA in
that case had made it clear that improvement of the asset must entail
investment or money’s worth for the improvement of the asset. Such investment
referred to “effort of money or money’s worth”; the expression “economic
sense” must therefore qualify the effort and not just the outcome. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 33 ln 12 to ln 30.

My Decision

34 Having considered the relevant authorities and parties’ submissions, I
reject the Wife’s understanding of the “substantial improvement” exception in
USB v USA. I am satisfied that the DJ was correct in finding that the Wife’s
efforts in taking care of D did not amount to effort “in an economic sense”,
such that it could have substantially improved the KS shares and transformed
them into a matrimonial asset within the meaning of s 112(10)(a)(ii) of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Women’s Charter’). My reasons are as
follows.

35 As a starting point, s 112(10)(a) of the Women’s Charter defines
“matrimonial asset” as follows:

(10) In this section, “matrimonial asset” means –

(a) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to the
marriage –

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

…

It is trite that pre-marriage assets are excluded from the matrimonial pool
unless they were substantially improved by the other spouse or used for family
purposes (USB v USA at [19(c)]). As the DJ noted in his grounds of decision,
in USB v USA, in elaborating on the meaning of “substantial improvement”, the
CA highlighted that it “necessarily has an economic connotation” (USB v USA at
[21]). Further, the CA made the following observations (USB v USA at [22]):

First, the improvement of such an asset must entail the investment of money or
money’s worth for the improvement of the asset. The mere increase in the value
of the asset does not mean that the asset has “improved”. In order for the
asset to be transformed into a matrimonial asset, there must have been
investment of some kind in the asset. The paradigm example would be renovation
works performed on a residential or commercial property. These can easily be
understood as increasing the sale value of such a property. However, even if
the resale value does not increase because of market forces, a substantial
renovation which makes a previously barely habitable home very much more
comfortable or able to attract higher rental income could be considered a
substantial improvement. Second, the improvement must arise from effort which
can be understood as having economic value. For example, if the asset is a
business belonging to one spouse, then development of the business by the
other spouse or by both spouses during the marriage by sustained efforts could
transform that asset into a matrimonial asset. In this regard, however,
carrying out administrative or minor public relations activities or being a
nominal director may not be sufficient. There should be an increase in
turnover or in profitability or some other measurable improvement. It will
always be a question of fact as to how the efforts of the non-owning spouse
have contributed to an improvement in the asset. Ultimately, the court’s focus
is on whether there has been some expenditure or application of effort towards
the improvement of the asset (in an economic sense).

[emphasis added]

36 The Wife’s submission that the words “in an economic sense” were used by
the CA to describe or to qualify the words “the improvement of the asset”,
rather than the nature of the effort itself, calls for a skewed reading of the
final sentence in this passage which ignores everything else said by the CA in
the same passage. It is a submission that is plainly wrong. Reading the above
passage in its entirety, there can be no doubt that the CA has made clear what
“substantial improvement” of an asset involves: either the improvement entails
some investment of money or money’s worth, or the improvement arises from
effort that can be “understood as having economic value”. In respect of the
second limb, the CA provided an illustration by citing the example of a non-
owning spouse who develops the business owned by the other spouse, taking
pains to point out that minor administrative or public relations activities or
being a nominal director might not be enough to be considered effort “having
economic value”.

37 Applying USB v USA, I find that while the Wife’s actions in taking care of
D were an important and weighty contribution to the marriage as a whole, they
did not amount to “substantial improvement” of the Husband’s KS shares: her
actions in taking care of D did not constitute an “investment of money or
money’s worth” for the improvement of the said asset, nor could they be
characterised as the application of effort “having economic value” towards the
improvement of the asset.

38 Chen Siew Hwee, which the Wife cited, also does not assist her case.
According to the Wife, Chen Siew Hwee established that indirect contributions
could amount to “substantial improvement”. The Wife quoted 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 14.

the following passage from Phang J’s (as he then was) judgment (at [51] of
Chen Siew Hwee):

…This is not to state that indirect financial contributions can never justify
such a finding (cf Hoong Khai Soon at [10] and [11]). But even so, and as I
have already pointed out, a direct causal connection needs to be proved
between the contributions and the improvement of the asset. This was clearly
not proved on the facts of the present case. It is also important to note that
indirect financial contributions would, in any event, be taken into account in
ascertaining the proportion of the matrimonial assets that ought to be given
to the spouses concerned and hence otherwise serve an important function.

[emphasis in original]

39 It must be pointed out, first of all, that Phang J was talking about
indirect financial contributions. However, even assuming that his remarks were
intended to apply to all indirect contributions (ie, both financial and non-
financial), it must also be pointed out that in quoting the above passage, the
Wife omitted the earlier portion of this passage. I now reproduce below the
omitted portion:

51 I should note that Ms Koh did in fact attempt to argue that the shares had
been “substantially improved” by the wife during the subsistence of the
marriage through her indirect financial contributions. I rejected this
argument for the simple reason that there was no direct causal connection
whatsoever between these contributions and the shares (see the Singapore Court
of Appeal decisions of Hoong Khai Soon v Cheng Kwee Eng [1993] 1 SLR(R) 823
(“Hoong Khai Soon”) at [11] and Lee Yong Chuan Edwin v Tan Soan Lian [2000] 3
SLR(R) 867 (“Lee Edwin”) at [37]). This is obviously a question of fact (see
Hoong Khai Soon at [11]). Indeed, in the context of the present proceedings,
there was no substantial improvement of the shares to begin with (see also the
Singapore Court of Appeal decision of Shi Fang v Koh Pee Huat [1996] 1 SLR(R)
906). Though Ms Koh cited the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of Koh Kim
Lan Angela v Choong Kian Haw [1993] 3 SLR(R) 491, this particular decision is
readily distinguishable from the situation in the present proceedings. In that
case, the wife concerned did in fact actually assist the husband in the
business which had been given to him (the husband) by his father. Mr Khoo
cited, on the other hand, the Singapore High Court decision of Chow Hoo Siong
v Lee Dawn Audrey [2003] 4 SLR(R) 481 (“Chow Hoo Siong”), where S Rajendran J
observed thus (at [13]–[15]):

The wife was not a director, shareholder, employee of or advisor to any of the
companies in the group: her only link was that she was the wife of the
husband. That being so, the affairs of the Teo companies, even if fully
disclosed by the husband to the court, would not have revealed any
contributions by the wife: even the wife did not claim that she had made any
direct contribution to the Teo Shares. Any “indirect” contribution she may
have made – such as looking after the welfare of the family – would not appear
in the records of the Teo companies. There was therefore no basis for the
district judge to have made the inference from the husband’s conduct that had
he made full disclosure the wife’s contribution would have been revealed.

Apart from the adverse inference that the district judge drew from the
husband’s conduct, the district judge enumerated the following ‘indirect
contributions’ by the wife towards the ‘improvement’ of the Teo Shares:

It was pertinent to note that the Respondent’s admission that his salary in
ESC [Eng Seng Cement Products – a company controlled by the Teo companies]
remained the same “since graduation. I am the lowest paid because I’m youngest
in the generation hierarchy”. Clearly Chow has enhanced the shares through his
employment in ESC. By accepting no increment in salary over 13 years of
service to the company, he has in fact enhanced the profits of the company and
in turn the value of the shares of the companies. His sacrifice would also
affect the lifestyle of his wife who, according to the Respondent, was
required to share in the family expenses. She also had contributed financially
towards the household and hence had participated towards the acquisition of
the asset by her efforts towards the family life. …

These “contributions” were, in my view, far too remote and far too
insignificant to justify the conclusion that the district judge arrived at
that the Teo Shares have been improved by the contributions of the wife during
the marriage.

As the wife had not on her own or together with the husband contributed in any
way to the improvement of the Teo Shares, these shares should not be included
in the pool of matrimonial assets available for division between the parties.

…..

This decision supports, in my view, the proposition to the effect that
indirect financial contributions alone are too vague and remote to justify a
finding that the spouse concerned had helped to substantially improve an asset
within the meaning of s 112(10)…

[emphasis added]

40 From the above, it is clear that Phang J’s starting point vis-à-vis
“indirect financial contributions” was that such indirect contributions “alone
[were] too vague and remote to justify a finding that the spouse concerned had
helped to substantially improve an asset within the meaning of s 112(10) [of
the Women’s Charter]”. It is also clear that while Phang J did not rule out
the possibility that indirect financial contributions might justify a finding
of substantial improvement, he emphasised the need to prove a direct causal
connection between the alleged contributions and the improvement of the asset.
Indeed, he repeated this caution in the portion of the passage which the Wife
cited (see above at [38]).

41 Applying the principle articulated by Phang J, I agree with the Husband
that the Wife has no evidence at all to show a direct causal connection
between her actions in taking care of D and the value of the KS shares. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondent’s Case at Paras 20-23.

42 The Wife also sought to rely on the case of Hoong Khai Soon as authority
for the submission that her efforts on the home front qualified as
“substantial improvement”. I reproduce below the passage which she quoted 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 9.

from the CA’s judgment in that case (at [11]):

It is plain that the efforts which bring the asset, ie the partnership
interest acquired before the marriage within s 106 must bear a direct causal
link to the substantial improvement of the asset. The question is one of fact.
There has been no evidence to show that the wife’s effort at domestic chores
and as a cashier at an unrelated business contributed to an increase in the
profits of Soon Heng Restaurant. Counsel for the wife asks us to infer such a
causal link but, in our view, there is no reasonable basis to draw such a
link. This was not a case where a spouse’s efforts in the home frees the other
spouse to devote his or her energies to the running of a business. Here, the
husband took no active role in the running of the restaurant. We therefore see
no ground for interfering with the decision of the learned judge that the
partnership was not an asset acquired during the marriage.

43 I do not find that Hoong Khai Soon assists the Wife’s case. As the DJ
observed in his grounds of decision, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ROA vol.1 at p50-51 Para 35.

the above comments were not the ratio decidendi in that case: they were simply
made in passing. It must moreover be pointed out that in Hoong Khai Soon,
where the wife gave evidence of having done all the domestic chores as well as
having looked after her husband’s family and helped out in another business
owned by her husband’s father, the CA found that there was no evidence of any
direct causal link between her actions and the substantial improvement of the
disputed business (at [11]).

Issue 2: Whether the DJ erred in valuing the Husband’s 210,000 MS shares at
S$466,561.24

44 I next address the MS Shares Issue.

Decision below

45 In the proceedings below, the DJ found that all of the Husband’s 210,000 MS
shares formed part of the matrimonial pool. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ROA vol.1 at p52 Paras 39-40.

This finding was not disputed by the parties on appeal. The DJ then ascribed
to these 210,000 MS shares a value of S$466,561.24. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

ROA vol.1 at p60 Para 61.

46 In valuing the shares at S$466,561.24, the DJ adopted a hybrid approach
whereby he used both the income approach and the market approach, taking the
average of the valuation figures derived under these two approaches. This was
the same approach adopted by the Wife’s expert’s Mr Wan Yew Fai (“Mr Wan”).
However, the DJ’s approach differed from Mr Wan’s in two key aspects. Firstly,
the DJ decided to apply a discount for the lack of marketability (“DLOM”)
under the market approach. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ROA vol.1 at p57 Para 53.

This contrasted with the position taken by Mr Wan, who declined to apply a
DLOM under the market approach. Secondly, the DJ also applied a discount for
lack of control (“DLOC”) under both the market approach and the income
approach. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ROA vol.1 at p59 Para 57.

This contrasted with Mr Wan’s decision to apply a DLOC only under the income
approach.

47 By way of clarification, the DLOM is a discount that is applied to account
for the difficulty of selling shares in a private company as a result of the
typical transfer restrictions that apply in this context and the narrowness of
the market, regardless of whether the shares constitute a minority or a
majority shareholding in the company concerned (Liew Kit Fah and others v Koh
Keng Chew and others [2020] 1 SLR 275 (“Liew Kit Fah”) at [46]; Thio Syn Kym
Wendy v Thio Syn Pyn and another [2018] SGHC 54 (“Thio Syn Kym”) at [21]). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ROA vol.1 at p58 Para 55.

The DLOC is a discount that is applied to reflect the lack of control that a
minority shareholder has over the management of a company in contrast to the
control that a larger shareholder has (Liew Kit Fah at [45]; Thio Syn Kym at
[21]; also Re Blue Index Ltd; Murrell v Swallow [2014] EWHC 2680 (Ch) at
[48]).

48 The DJ’s approach to the application of the DLOM and the DLOC in respect of
the MS shares explains why he ended up with a very different valuation figure,
compared to Mr Wan – despite both having adopted a hybrid approach of using
the market approach as well as the income approach. Mr Wan had valued the
210,000 MS shares at S$724,503 using the hybrid approach of applying both the
market approach and the income approach, with a DLOM of 30% under the income
approach (totaling one discount applied across the two approaches). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ROA vol.5 at p141.

The figure which the DJ landed on was significantly lower: having applied an
additional DLOM of 30% under the market approach, and an additional DLOC of
25% under both the market approach and the income approach (ie four discounts
applied across the two approaches), the DJ arrived at the valuation figure of
S$466,561.24, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ROA vol.1 at p59-60 Para 58-60.

49 In choosing to adopt the same hybrid approach as Mr Wan, the DJ rejected
the valuation report of the Husband’s expert Mr Farooq Ahmad Mann (“Mr Mann”).
For one, the DJ noted that Mr Mann had chosen to value the shares as at 24
March 2021 – instead of the date of the AM hearing. The DJ found that this was
done upon the Husband’s specific instructions. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ROA vol.1 at p55-56 Para 48.

50 Next, in his expert report, Mr Mann had elected to use the cost approach to
value the Husband’s MS shares instead of either the market approach or the
income approach (or a hybrid of the two). The DJ found Mr Mann’s choice of the
cost approach to be inappropriate. This was because the software was the main
revenue generator for MS; and it would not have been appropriate to apply the
cost approach for an intangible asset such as software. Such an approach would
have also ignored MS’s future revenue streams, which showed a continuing
upward trend. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ROA vol.1 at p56 Para 50.

51 Further, the DJ pointed out that the value which Mr Mann had ascribed to
the shares – S$104,840 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

ROA vol.4 at p29.

– was even lower than the figure which would have been obtained in the most
extreme scenario of liquidation – as well as being lower than the dividend
payout received by the Husband in 2021. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

ROA vol.1 at p56-57 Para 50-51.

52 It should be highlighted that in valuing the MS shares, the DJ noted that
the Husband had failed to disclose FY 2021 documents relating to the financial
status of MS, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

ROA vol.1 at p54 Para 45.

and that MS’s FY 2021 financial statements had eventually been surfaced in
August 2022 only as a result of the efforts of the Wife’s counsel. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

ROA vol.1 at p55 Para 48.

The FY 2021 financial statements revealed that for FY 2021, the Husband
received dividends of S$139,288.61 while the company itself saw its profits
increase by 30% from the previous year. The DJ was of the view that the
Husband had downplayed the value of the company in the course of the ancillary
proceedings and that he had failed to give his full assistance in the
valuation exercise. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

ROA vol.1 at p56 Para 49.

However, the DJ rejected the Wife’s contention that an uplift of 20% should be
applied to the value he had arrived at for the MS shares to give effect to the
adverse inference to be drawn against the Husband for his non-disclosure of
the FY 2021 financial documents. In the DJ’s view, the percentage figure
proposed by the Wife was speculative and not backed by the expert. In any
event, he reasoned that he had already taken into account the Husband’s non-
disclosure by applying a lower DLOM (30%). 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

ROA vol.1 at p60 Para 60.

Whether MS’s FY 2021 financial statements should have been taken into
consideration by the DJ in valuing the Husband’s shares

53 In respect of the MS Shares Issue, the first question which arose on appeal
was whether the company’s FY 2021 financial statements should have been taken
into consideration by the DJ in valuing the shares. Although the FY 2021
financial statements had become available by the time of the AM hearing, the
DJ apparently chose not to direct the experts to consider these FY 2021
financial statements and / or to file further reports to explain the impact of
the information therein (if any) on their respective valuations. The DJ did
not record his reasons for leaving the FY 2021 financial statements out of the
equation, but in his grounds of decision, he alluded (at [60]) to the Wife’s
expert Mr Wan having stated in his reply affidavit that he “[would] not be
amending the original position about the market value of MS… even where the
new partnerships the company [had] with companies such as KBC and Schlumberger
were taken into account”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ROA vol.1 at p60 Para 60.

I infer from these remarks that the DJ thought that it was unnecessary to have
regard to the FY 2021 financial statements if Mr Wan had not changed the
opinion expressed in his first expert report even after becoming aware of some
new information.

54 With respect, the DJ was in my view wrong to disregard the FY 2021
financial statements in valuing the shares. Insofar as Mr Wan had stated in
his reply affidavit that he “[would] not be amending the original position
about the market value of MS… even where the new partnerships the company
[had] with companies such as KBC and Schlumberger were taken into account”, it
must be pointed out that this reply affidavit was filed on 10 June 2022
without Mr Wan having had sight of the FY 2021 financial statements. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Appellant’s Case Para 53; ROA vol.5 at p 534.

These financial statements were only made available in August 2022. Indeed, Mr
Wan had expressly highlighted in his reply affidavit that his opinion in both
his 1st and 2nd expert reports was formed on the basis of financial
information as at 31 December 2020; and that “apart from some new partnership
announcements”, he had “not been provided with [nor was he] able to find any
significant changes in business circumstances that affected [MS]” between 24
March 2021 and 31 March 2022. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

ROA vol.5 p547.

55 Given the above caveats to his valuation, it is clear that Mr Wan’s
valuation of the MS shares was hampered by the lack of financial information
from the most recent financial year. Indeed, since he had used the income
approach for his valuation (as part of his hybrid approach), I accepted that
the lack of the most recent financial information would have had a material
impact on his valuation. Thus, for example, the much higher figure of 30.8%
growth provided in the FY 2021 financial report indicated that Mr Wan’s
original estimate of 15% growth in FY 2021 had severely underestimated MS’s
profits for FY 2021. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 54.

The significantly higher actual figures in 2021 would also have had a further
knock-on effect on Mr Wan’s projections for all subsequent years, since the
trajectory of profit growth would necessarily steepen. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 55.

56 With respect therefore, the DJ was wrong to have considered neither the FY
2021 financial statements, nor any expert reports that had considered the FY
2021 financial statements. In my view, a fair and accurate estimation of the
value of the MS shares would be possible only if the FY 2021 financial
statements were also taken into consideration. I therefore gave directions for
the tendering of further expert reports from the two experts and further
submissions from counsel on the MS Shares Issue.

57 I next summarise the further expert reports from Mr Wan and Mr Mann, as
well as the parties’ further submissions.

Wife’s further expert report

58 In his further expert report, Mr Wan maintained 31 March 2022 as the
operative date for the valuation of the MS shares. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 29.

59 In his further report, Mr Wan elected to use only the income approach to
value the MS shares. This, he explained, was because MS was in a very niche
segment providing services to the oil and gas industry, and there was limited
information on comparable companies. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 18-19.

He also clarified that the income approach adopted in the further report was
substantially similar to the methodology adopted in his first report – save
for some parameters which he had updated. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 25.

Given the assumptions made about the parameters of the company (including
revenue projections, predicted gross-profit margins, predicted operating
expenses, predicted capital expenditure and predicted taxes), he explained
that it was highly unlikely that there would be a material difference between
a valuation conducted as at 31 March 2022 (the valuation date he had adopted)
and a valuation conducted as at 17 August 2022 (the date of the AM hearing).
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 26.

60 In applying the income approach in the further report, Mr Wan emphasised
that it was important to add back excess cash into the valuation of the
company. In 2021, MS had seen its cash holdings increase significantly – by
about 58% – to US$1,175,755, even after taking into account the US$430,476
paid out in dividends. Based on historical data, a cash balance of
US$1,175,755 was beyond the operating needs of the company; and from the FY
2021 financial statements, all the expenses of the company amounted to only
US$869,857. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 23.

After accounting for the expenses of the company, Mr Wan calculated the excess
cash left in the company (as of 31 March 2022) to be US$754,572. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 23.

61 Using the income approach, Mr Wan estimated the value of MS to be
US$4,990,110 (inclusive of the excess cash of US$754,572), with a pre-excess
cash value of US$4,235,538. Mr Wan explained that this pre-excess cash value
of US$4,235,538 was 21.8% higher than the figure of US$3,477,876 derived under
the income approach in his first report, because more reliable and up-to-date
information had resulted in a much higher starting base and a “revised size
premium discount”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 28.

62 Applying a DLOM of 30%, a DLOC of 25%, and a USD/SGD exchange rate of
1:1.3548, Mr Wan arrived at a valuation of S$824,506 for the Husband’s 23.23%
shareholding (210,000 shares) – as compared to the valuation of S$574,642
which had been derived using the income approach in his first report (now also
including a DLOM of 30% and a DLOC of 25% to the previous figure). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 29.

63 Mr Wan further explained that this valuation of S$824,506 translated to a
value of around US$2.90 per share – which was consistent with other
independent measures. In this connection, he noted that a value of US$2.90 per
share represented a 20.8% increase in the value of the shares – which was
reasonably conservative given the considerably higher 45.5% increase in
revenue since 2018, and the even higher 66.3% increase in profit since 2018.
The value of US$2.90 per share was also reasonably conservative when
comparison was drawn with a 2018 transaction wherein the Husband had purchased
19,000 shares from another shareholder at US$2.40 per share. In Mr Wan’s view,
a private sale of a minority lot of shares at US$2.40 per share has already
accounted for DLOM and DLOC in its sale price – and this made it a suitable
base for independent comparison. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 30.

64 In his further report, Mr Wan did not use the market approach as he did not
find it suitable. He reasoned that the most recent transaction where the
Husband bought shares from another shareholder had taken place in 2018 – and
that since this transaction in 2018, the company has experienced rapid growth.
76

##### Foot Note 76

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 19.

No details were available in respect of a more recent transaction in July
2021, wherein one of the directors, Mr H, had appeared to no longer be a
shareholder of MS. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 19.

More specifically, Mr Wan opined that the previous transactions were no longer
relevant, as the FY 2021 financial statements showed revenue to have grown by
45% and profits to be up by 66% since the year of the previous transactions.
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 24.

65 As with his first report, Mr Wan also ruled out using the cost approach. He
pointed out that MS was a software company; and that the plant and equipment
listed in its financial statements as of 31 December 2021 amounted to only
US$4,821 in value. The cost approach did not accord any value to the software
which helped MS to generate further revenue. Such an approach thus failed to
capture the true worth of the company. Most pertinently, the books of MS had
written off all the software development cost even though the software was the
company’s main income-generating asset. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 19.

66 In Mr Wan’s view, a DLOC of 25% was suitable in the case of the MS shares
because while the Husband was a director of the company and held a significant
number of shares, he was not a majority shareholder, and there were three
other directors. In other words, there were limitations to his ability to
exercise control over the company. On the other hand, he was not in a
situation where he found himself a non-family member in a family-run company,
where he held a very small stake with no role at all except as a shareholder.
In the latter situation, the appropriate DLOC would be 50%. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 19-20.

67 As for the DLOM, Mr Wan took the position that a DLOM of 30% would be
reasonable to reflect the fact that MS was not a listed company and that its
shares changed hands irregularly, with various restrictions on the sale of
shares. Additionally, MS did not pay regular dividends; and its nature as a
software company meant that its success in the longer term was uncertain given
the risk of new technologies and competition emerging. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 19-20.

Husband’s further expert report

68 In his further report, Mr Mann maintained 24 March 2021 as the operative
date for his valuation of the MS shares. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 13.

69 Whereas in his first report Mr Mann had adopted the cost approach in
valuing the shares, in the further report he opted for the hybrid approach
used by the DJ in his grounds of decision (and by Mr Wan in his first report).

70 In respect of the income approach, Mr Mann adopted the same methodology as
that used by Mr Wan in his first report, while factoring in the change to the
figure for net profit after tax in FY 2021 in light of the FY 2021 financial
statements. Mr Mann also chose to apply a 25% DLOC and a 50% DLOM – compared
to the 30% DLOM applied by Mr Wan in his first report. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 17.

Although Mr Mann stated that he did not agree with the parameters used by Mr
Wan (for the reasons set out in Mr Mann’s second report), 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 17; ROA vol.5 at p 421-429.

he continued to use the parameters which Mr Wan had used in his first report.
Applying a 25% DLOC and a 50% DLOM, Mr Mann valued the Husband’s shareholding
at US$344,689, or S$466,984. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 17.

71 In respect of the market approach, Mr Mann took the position that the
shares should be valued at US$2.40 per share. He justified this by reference
to Mr Wan’s report which utilised the Husband’s 2018 purchase of 19,000 shares
from another shareholder at US$2.40 per share. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

ROA vol.5 at p 138.

Reliance was also placed on the fact that 96,000 treasury shares had been
retired at US$230,400 in each of the two years in 2018 and 2019. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

ROA vol.5 at p 138, 145.

Further, Mr Mann applied a 50% DLOM – as compared to the 30% DLOM applied by
the DJ. This yielded a valuation figure of S$256,057.20 in respect of the
Husband’s 210,000 shares. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 16.

72 In applying a 50% DLOM to the valuation of the MS shares, as opposed to a
30% DLOM, Mr Mann opined that the higher 50% discount he used was justified by
the following factors: MS shares were not publicly traded; there were onerous
restrictions on share transfers (such as a shareholders’ agreement which
required consent from the other shareholders before shares could be sold); the
shares were unregistered shares; the close-knit relationship among the
company’s owners / shareholders who had previously worked with each other
(which might deter other buyers from wanting to enter the company); and a
relatively minute and/or thin market for the block of shares in question. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 11-12.

Further, Mr Mann opined that MS’s business was extremely niche, since it was
tied to specialised software applications relevant only to oil and gas
producing companies – and used only for one specific discipline in the
industry (ie, process engineering). In Mr Mann’s view, this would lead to an
extremely thin or minute market for MS’s business. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 11-12.

.

73 Using the hybrid approach and taking the average of the valuation figures
obtained under the income approach and the market approach, Mr Mann came up
with a valuation figure of S$361,520.50 for the Husband’s 210,000 MS shares.
91

##### Foot Note 91

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 19.

74 Additionally, although the DJ had rejected the cost approach in the
proceedings below, in his further report, Mr Mann sought to put forward an
alternative valuation figure based on this approach. He acknowledged that MS’s
main asset was its exploitation of the software application which it had
purchased from a related party (KS) for a sum of S$200,000; that MS derived
the bulk of its revenue from the sales of licenses pertaining to the use of
this software application; and that the software application had been written
down completely by FY 2017. He also acknowledged that it would be neither
practical nor correct to ascribe a nil value to the software since MS
continued to use and exploit this asset in generating increased revenues and
increased profits for MS – even after FY 2017. As such, he ascribed a value of
S$200,000 to the software application, ie, the purchase price which MS had
paid KS for the software. The other assets of MS, in the form of plant,
equipment and inventory, were also taken into consideration before he made
adjustments to reinstate the value of MS’s software application using a figure
of S$200,000 (at an exchange rate of approximately 1 USD to 1.349 SGD). This
meant that pursuant to the cost approach, MS was valued at S$1,446,768. Mr
Mann then applied a further 25% DLOC and 50% DLOM to this figure, which
eventually translated to the Husband’s 210,000 shares being valued at
approximately S$126,032. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 13-15.

Wife’s Case

75 In arguing for Mr Wan’s revised valuation of S$824,506 to be accepted on
appeal, the Wife highlighted that the FY 2021 financial statements showed MS
had performed exceedingly well in FY 2021, as compared to FY 2020. In
particular, the following metrics showed great improvement: 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Appellant’s supplemental submissions at paras 11-12.

(a) Revenue (increased by 19%);

(b) Gross profit margin (increased by 27%);

(c) Net profit before tax (increased by 39%);

(d) Cash position (increased by 58%); and

(e) Shareholders’ funds (increased by 22%).

In respect of the last item, the 22% increase in shareholders’ funds was
arrived at after taking into account the dividend payments of US$430,476 in
2021 – which, per the Wife’s submission, further highlighted the company’s
substantially enhanced performance in FY 2021. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Appellant’s supplemental submissions at para 13.

76 Whilst Mr Wan had chosen no longer to rely on the market approach in his
further report, the Wife submitted that he was justified in doing so, because
the past transactions in 2018 were no longer relevant for the purposes of MS’s
valuation as of 31 March 2022: after all, the company had seen rapid growth
since those sales transactions. As for the cost approach, the Wife submitted
that this was clearly inappropriate as it did not accord any value to the
software which MS used to generate future revenue: in other words, the cost
approach failed to capture the true worth of the company. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Appellant’s supplemental submissions at para 14.

In any event, the DJ had already rejected the cost approach in the proceedings
below.

77 In the alternative, the Wife submitted that the value of the Husband’s MS
shares should be increased to S$723,501.74. This was because the figures in
the FY 2021 financial statements indicated a higher valuation of MS than
previous valuations based on the FY 2020 financial statements. Indeed, Mr Mann
himself – having had sight of the FY 2021 financial statements – had increased
his valuation from S$104,580 to S$361,520.50 – ie, an increase of
S$256,940.50. The Wife submitted that this amount of S$256,940.50 should be
added to the DJ’s valuation figure of S$466,561.24 so as to yield a higher
valuation of S$723,501.74. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Appellant’s supplemental submissions at paras 22-24.

The Wife argued that the Husband could not complain about this alternative
course of action since Mr Mann’s increased valuation of S$361,520.50 was based
on a 50% DLOM: if the lower DLOM of 30% were to be adopted, Mr Mann’s revised
valuation would in fact be even higher than S$361,520.50. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Appellant’s supplemental submissions at para 25.

78 As for Mr Mann’s revised valuation figures, the Wife urged me to reject
them on the basis that the Husband’s attempt to rely on these revised figures
amounted to a backdoor appeal 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Appellant’s supplemental submissions at para 10.

. In the first place, Mr Mann’s revised figures were even lower than the DJ’s
figure of S$466,561.24 – and yet the Husband had not filed any cross-appeal to
challenge the correctness of the DJ’s figure. Secondly, Mr Mann had continued
to use a 50% DLOM in his further report, even though this had been expressly
rejected by the DJ in favour of a 30% DLOM.

Husband’s Case

79 Unsurprisingly, the Husband argued for Mr Mann’s further report to be
preferred over Mr Wan’s. In relation to the issue of the appropriate DLOM, the
Husband argued that Mr Mann’s choice of a 50% DLOM should be preferred over Mr
Wan’s opinion because Mr Wan had (allegedly) failed to justify his choice of a
30% DLOM despite having devoted two short paragraphs in his further report to
listing the factors “that affect DLOM”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at paras 58-61.

In contrast, the Husband argued that Mr Mann had cited textual authority for
the proposition that DLOM generally ranged from 5% to 50%; and he had
explained in his report why a DLOM on the higher end of this scale was
appropriate in the case of the MS shares.

80 As to the appropriate valuation methodology, the Husband devoted a large
portion of his submissions to criticising Mr Wan’s further report. According
to the Husband, it was wrong of Mr Wan to abandon the market approach in his
further report. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at para 14.

The change in methodology to a singular focus on the income approach had led
to a new valuation of S$824,506 which was objectively very high and
represented a 76.7% increase from the value of S$466,561.24 assessed by the DJ
below. The Husband argued that taken at face value, this implied that MS had
almost doubled in value for the financial year 2021. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at para 12.

81 In contrast, according to the Husband, the market approach which Mr Wan had
abandoned actually relied on past transaction prices; and as the last relevant
transaction had taken place in 2018, the FY 2021 financial statements would
have no impact on the share value derived from applying the market approach.
If Mr Wan had applied the market approach using a 30% DLOM and a 25% DLOC, the
value of the MS shares would have been S$358,479.98. The Husband argued,
therefore, that by dropping the market approach in his further report, Mr Wan
had drastically increased the value of MS by S$233,013.01. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at paras 15-16.

Moreover, according to the Husband, Mr Wan’s explanation for dropping the
market approach (ie, that revenue and profits had grown) did not hold water
because from FY 2018 to FY 2020, revenue and profits had also grown – and yet
Mr Wan had found no issues with relying on the 2018 share transaction in his
earlier valuation. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at paras 17-18.

82 As for Mr Wan’s application of the income approach, the Husband appeared to
take the position that my directions to parties to submit further expert
reports which took into account the impact of the FY 2021 financial statements
meant that Mr Wan was permitted simply to input the data from the FY 2021
financial statements into his model. Instead, as the Husband claimed, Mr Wan
had unjustifiably changed the parameters and assumptions in his model
(compared to those used in his first valuation), thereby artificially
increasing the value of the MS shares. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at para 32.

The Husband argued that Mr Wan should not be permitted to “arbitrarily” change
the parameters of his model, as this prevented any meaningful comparison of
his further report with his first report. A further element of unfairness,
according to the Husband, arose from the fact that his own expert, Mr Mann,
had in his further report adopted the parameters from Mr Wan’s first report:
Mr Wan’s choice of different parameters in his latest report therefore meant
an unfair shifting of the goalposts for the Husband and his expert. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at paras 35-39.

83 The Husband also found fault with Mr Wan’s decision to add a sum of
US$754,572 to the value of MS under an “excess cash adjustment”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at para 44.

The Husband argued that Mr Wan had not made such adjustment in his first
valuation because of the uncertainty as to whether projects coming online
would require cashflow to sustain their continued growth. According to the
Husband, this rationale should apply with even greater force in the latest
valuation, given that at least six new partnerships had emerged since Wan’s
first valuation, all of which would require cash flow to sustain. In other
words, there should be even less reason to make an “excess cash adjustment” in
the latest valuation, as compared to the first valuation. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at paras 46-47.

84 In gist, the Husband argued for the hybrid approach (using both the income
approach and the market approach and taking the average of the two valuation
figures) to be adopted on appeal, albeit subject to the substantially higher
DLOM and other parameters and assumptions applied by Mr Mann. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at para 55.

My Decision

Whether the appellate court may consider and determine matters relating to the
valuation of the MS shares which were not raised by the Wife in her
Appellant’s Case or which were not the subject of a cross-appeal by the
Husband

85 As a preliminary point, both the Wife and the Husband have made the
argument that the court should disregard matters brought up by the opposing
side which were not raised by the Wife in her Appellant’s case or which were
not the subject of a cross-appeal by the Husband. For example, the Wife argued
that Mr Mann’s valuation should be rejected because his revised valuation
figures were even lower than the DJ’s figure of S$466,561.24; and yet no
cross-appeal had been filed by the Husband to challenge the correctness of the
DJ’s figure. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Appellant’s supplemental submissions at para 10.

In similar vein, the Husband argued that since the DJ had already accepted Mr
Wan’s use of a hybrid approach and since the Wife had not objected to the DJ
adopting the same hybrid approach, Mr Wan must be precluded on appeal from
adopting a new methodology involving the use of only the income approach. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at para 55.

86 Both parties are wrong in their understanding of the High Court’s powers
when hearing an appeal from the Family Courts. Since the present case involves
an appeal to the Family Division of the High Court from ancillary orders made
by a DJ of the Family Court, r 831(3)(a) and (4) of the Family Justice Rules
2014 (“FJR”) are applicable (see r 821(a)). Rule 831(3) and (4) of the FJR
provides that:

General powers of Court

831.

…

(3) The Family Division of the High Court has the power to –

(a) draw inferences of fact and to give any judgment and make any order which
ought to have been given or made; and

(b) to make such further or other order as the case may require.

(4) The powers of the Family Division of the High Court under paragraphs (1),
(2) and (3) may be exercised even if –

(a) no notice of appeal has been given in respect of any particular part of
the decision of the Court below or by any particular party to the proceedings
in that Court; or

(b) any ground for allowing the appeal or for affirming or varying the
decision of that Court is not specified in any of the Cases filed pursuant to
rule 828 or 829,

and the Family Division of the High Court may make any order, on such terms as
it thinks just, to ensure the determination on the merits of the real question
in controversy between the parties.

87 As can be seen from r 831(3)(a) read with r 831(4), this court has the
power to give any judgment and make any order which ought to have been given
or made, notwithstanding that no notice of appeal has been given by any
particular party to the proceedings in that Court – and notwithstanding that
any ground for allowing the appeal or varying the decision of that Court is
not specified in any of the Cases filed pursuant to r 828 or r 829.

88 As such, even though the Husband has not filed a cross-appeal on the MS
Shares Issue and even though the Wife has raised several points which were not
set out in her Appellant’s Case, I am empowered to consider all the arguments
they have put forward and to make an order on such terms as I think just, so
as to ensure the determination on the merits of the real question in
controversy between the parties.

Whether it was open to Mr Wan to adopt a different approach from the hybrid
approach adopted in his previous expert report

89 I turn to another preliminary issue: the Husband’s contention that the
Wife’s expert Mr Wan should be precluded from adopting a different approach
from the hybrid approach adopted in his first expert report and/or from
changing the parameters and assumptions behind his model under the income
approach. In gist, the Husband argued that my directions for further expert
reports limited both sides’ experts to simply inputting the data from the FY
2021 financial statements into the models used in their earlier reports. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at para 33.

90 The Husband’s argument is a wholly incorrect characterisation of the
further directions I gave. In giving directions for the filing of further
expert reports, I had expressly informed parties that I required the experts
to explain whether and how the FY 2021 financial statements would impact their
original valuations. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

25 January 2023 Minute Sheet

Clearly, the experts were not limited to considering how the new information
disclosed in the FY 2021 financial statements would impact the figures in
their earlier reports: there was no reason why they were precluded from
concluding, on examining the new information, that their valuation approach
would need to be changed or modified – so long as they had cogent reasons for
making such changes or modifications.

91 This appeared to be Mr Mann’s understanding as well: like Mr Wan, Mr Mann
decided to adopt an approach in his further report which differed from that
used in his original valuation. Whereas in his original valuation he had
relied simply on the cost approach, in his further report Mr Mann chose to
emulate the DJ’s use of the hybrid approach (ie, using both the income
approach and the market approach) – but subject to his own modifications; in
particular, the use of a 50% DLOM instead of the 30% DLOM applied by the DJ.

92 To sum up on this point: nothing in my further directions could be
construed as limiting the experts to simply inputting the data from the FY
2021 financial statements into the models used in their earlier reports. Both
experts were entitled to conclude, after examining the FY 2021 financial
statements, that their valuation approach would need to be changed or modified
– so long as they had cogent reasons for making such changes or modifications.

The parties’ experts

93 Having dealt with the preliminary issues, I next address the contents of
the expert reports.

94 First, as a general point, having considered the reports presented by each
expert, I have reservations about the reliability of Mr Mann’s report. For
one, I note that Mr Mann chose 24 March 2021 as the operative date for valuing
the shares 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 13.

– both in his first expert report and in his further report. The DJ found that
Mr Mann chose this valuation date on the specific instructions of the Husband
– and the Husband has not challenged this finding on appeal. The general
position is that matrimonial assets should be valued as at the date of the AM
hearing (per the CA in TDT v TDS and another appeal and another matter [2016]
4 SLR 145 (“TDT v TDS”) at [50]; also WAS v WAT [2022] SGHCF 7 at [4]; VTU v
VTV [2022] SGHCF 23 at [2]; VOW v VOV [2023] SGHCF 9 at [10]). As the CA noted
in Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and another appeal [2011] 2 SLR 1157 at
[39], “[o]nce an asset is regarded as a matrimonial asset to be divided, then
for the purposes of determining its value, it must be assessed as at the date
of the hearing”. The court does of course retain the discretion to depart from
the AM hearing date – if there are facts shown to warrant the exercise of such
discretion (TDT v TDS at [50]).

95 In the present case, no effort has been made by the Husband – either in the
proceedings below or on appeal – to put forward facts which would warrant the
court exercising its discretion to depart from the AM hearing date. This is in
spite of the DJ’s express criticism of Mr Mann’s decision to value the shares
as at 24 March 2021 instead of using the date of the AM hearing. Given that Mr
Mann valued the MS shares at a date nearly a year and a half before the actual
AM hearing date, it seems to me likely that the accuracy of his valuation will
be adversely affected. At the very least, Mr Mann should have furnished an
explanation as to why the (significantly) earlier valuation date would have
had no material impact on the accuracy and reliability of his valuation, as
compared to a valuation conducted as at the date of the AM hearing.

96 It is true that the Wife’s expert Mr Wan also did not use the AM hearing
date as the operative date for his valuation of the MS shares: Mr Wan valued
the shares as at 31 March 2022. However, I do not find the accuracy of Mr
Wan’s expert report to have been adversely affected. The date he used – 31
March 2022 – was less than six months before the AM hearing date. In his
report, Mr Wan expressly noted that he had not used the AM hearing date of 17
August 2022 – and he took pains to explain that it was highly unlikely that
there would be a material difference between a valuation as at 31 March 2022
and a valuation as at 17 August 2022 (the ancillary hearing date). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 26.

In gist, Mr Wan explained that he had conducted the valuation on a going
concern basis; that there had been no significant changes in the industry and
market outlook of MS between the two dates; and that his consideration of
updates and latest news from MS throughout 2022 made it highly unlikely that
there would be a material difference between a valuation done at both dates.
115

##### Foot Note 115

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 21-22 and 26.

97 Next, I note that in addition to having departed from the AM hearing date
without giving any reasons, Mr Mann adopted in his further report the
valuation approach adopted by Mr Wan in his first expert report – despite the
fact that he had, in his second report, heavily criticised Mr Wan’s approach.
116

##### Foot Note 116

×

ROA (vol.5) at p 412-429.

In his second report, Mr Mann had decried Mr Wan’s use of the market approach
valuation methodology as being clearly inappropriate and unsound (besides
being incorrectly applied, according to Mr Mann). 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

ROA (vol.5) at p 419.

As for Mr Wan’s use of the income approach in his first report, Mr Mann had
asserted that it was “improper” for Mr Wan to have chosen the income approach;
further, that the assumptions and projections relied on by Mr Wan under the
income approach were erroneous and inherently unreliable. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

ROA (vol.5) at p 429.

98 Given his detailed criticism of Mr Wan’s valuation approach, I find it
disconcerting that in his further report, Mr Mann has nevertheless elected to
adopt, firstly, the market approach substantially similar to that which was
relied on in Mr Wan’s first report. Mr Mann also chose in his further report
to adopt the income approach, applying substantially the same parameters used
in Mr Wan’s first report. Unfortunately, Mr Mann did not provide any
explanation for this apparent about-face. In light of these circumstances, I
am inclined to question the objectivity of Mr Mann’s expert opinion, and the
reliability of the valuation figure(s) put forward by him.

99 This does not mean that I endorse in entirety the approach adopted by Mr
Wan in his further report, wherein he jettisoned the hybrid approach and
relied solely on the income approach. In the next section of this judgment, I
explain my reasoning.

Whether Mr Wan had erred in abandoning the market approach

100 In gist, Mr Wan justified his decision to jettison the market approach on
the basis that the FY 2021 financial statements showed considerable growth in
the company’s revenue and profits. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 24-25.

Aside from the increase in revenue and profits, Mr Wan did not give any other
explanation for his decision to drop the market approach in his further
report.

101 It should be highlighted that in his first report, Mr Wan had actually
explained in detail his rationale for adopting a hybrid approach whereby he
applied both the market approach and the income approach before taking the
average of the two valuation figures obtained. For ease of reference, I
reproduce below the relevant passages from Mr Wan’s earlier report: 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

ROA (vol.5) at p 141.

5.3.1 We believe that we should weight equally the values of both income and
market approaches and arrive at a composite average value. This is because the
market value based on retired share value and the historical purchase price
was derived from transactions 2-3 years ago. Should they have been more
current, the weightage for the market approach would have been more than 50%.

5.3.2 Therefore, applying a 50% weight to the Income Approach and 50% weight
to the Market Approach. The value of [MS] is US$2,302,056. Thus, we value D’s
holding in [MS] at US$534,768 or S$724,503.

102 Per Mr Wan’s reasoning in his earlier report, it appears that a key
consideration in the use of the market approach would be the availability of
current or at least recent transactions in the shares. As he noted (above), a
purchase price derived from transactions closer than “2-3 years ago” would be
considered more current and would accordingly justify a larger than 50%
weightage for the market approach. In the present case, since the relevant
transactions had taken place “2-3 years ago”, he chose to assign a 50%
weightage to the market approach in the application of the hybrid approach. He
did not at any point caveat that an increase in the company’s revenue and
profits would also affect the weightage to be assigned to the market approach.

103 Indeed, as the Husband pointed out, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at paras 17-18.

revenue and profits had also risen between FY 2018 and FY 2020: this was
evident from the financial statements already available prior to August 2022
(which included the FY 2020 financial statements) – and yet Mr Wan had not
found any issues with relying on the 2018 share transactions in his earlier
valuation. As the Husband pointed out, in the period between FY 2018 and FY
2020, the company’s revenue increased by 22% and its profits increased by 27%;
whereas in the period between FY 2018 and FY 2021, the increase in revenue and
profits amounted to 45.5% and 66.2% respectively. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at para 22.

Mr Wan has not explained in his further report why an increase in revenue and
profits of 45.5% and 66.2% respectively would render the market approach
unsuitable for use in valuing the shares – whereas an increase in revenue and
profits by 22% and 27% respectively would not. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at paras 19-21.

104 In the circumstances, I find that Mr Wan was unable to proffer any
reasonable explanation for his decision to abandon the market approach in his
further report. I agree with the DJ that the hybrid approach is appropriate in
the present case, ie, applying both the market approach and the income
approach with a 50% weightage for each approach, and then taking the average
of the two valuation figures. I add that I have chosen to maintain the 50%
weightage for each approach in view of the absence of any submissions from
either party for the weightage to be modified.

Whether DLOM and DLOC should be applied to the shares under the market
approach

105 Having determined that a hybrid approach should be used to value the MS
shares, I next address the issue of whether under the market approach, a DLOM
and a DLOC should be applied in the valuation of the shares. It will be
recalled that the Husband argued for this, on the basis of Mr Mann’s opinion
evidence; whereas the Wife argued against it, on the basis of Mr Wan’s opinion
evidence.

106 In Kiri Industries Ltd v Senda International Capital Ltd and another and
other appeals and other matters [2022] SGCA(I) 5 (“Kiri Industries”), the CA
held (in the context of minority oppression proceedings) that “[l]ack of
marketability would be industry specific”; and it would be best left to the
expertise of an independent valuer to decide whether to apply the DLOM to the
valuation exercise of the shares (at [241]-[243] of Kiri Industries). In the
present case, given that the two experts have given differing opinion evidence
on the applicability of a DLOM (and a DLOC) to the valuation of the MS shares
under the market approach, it fell to the court to decide the issue based on
its evaluation of the experts’ evidence.

107 In his earlier report, Mr Wan explained that in valuing the shares under
the market approach, he did not apply a DLOM and a DLOC to the Husband’s 2018
purchase of 19,000 shares at US$2.40 per share because the transaction was
already subject to DLOM and DLOC conditions. This was because the 2018 share
purchase was carried out at a time when the company was not listed; and the
shares which changed hands in that transaction also formed a non-majority and
non-controlling stake. Given these factors, Mr Wan explained that applying a
DLOM and a DLOC to the US$2.40 figure would be double counting the discounts.
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 25.

108 Mr Mann disagreed with Mr Wan and maintained that a DLOM of 50% and a DLOC
of 25% should apply in the context of both the market approach and the income
approach. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 19.

According to Mr Mann, a non-controlling interest in an unlisted company would
normally be valued at a discount of the equivalent shares of the same company
(if listed) given the lack of a ready market for shares in an unlisted company
and the potential share transfer restrictions that may have existed. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 11-12.

109 Having considered the experts’ evidence and the parties’ submissions, I am
of the view that Mr Wan’s position is the correct one. My reasons are as
follows.

110 So far as I can tell, when the 19,000 MS shares changed hands in 2018, the
purchaser (the Husband) and the seller (his fellow shareholder) were acting as
rational players dealing at arm’s length with each other. The International
Valuation Standards (“IVS”) defines an “at an arm’s length transaction” as one
that is conducted “between parties who do not have a particular or special
relationship, eg. parent and subsidiary companies or landlord and tenant, that
may make the price level uncharacteristic of the market or inflated”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

ROA (vol.1) at p 58; ROA (vol.5) at p 357-358.

Per this definition, the “Market Value transaction is presumed to be between
unrelated parties, each acting independently”.

111 Mr Mann has highlighted that the shareholders of MS previously worked
together in another company, and for that reason, he has sought to
characterise their relationship as being a “tightly knit” one. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 12.

However, on the evidence available, there is nothing to suggest that their
previous experience of working together had forged such an intimate or special
relationship between the MS shareholders that each of them would not have been
capable of acting independently in the sale and purchase of shares as among
themselves. As such, there is no reason for me to doubt that in the 2018
transaction, the Husband and his fellow shareholder would have factored into
the pricing those considerations relating to the lack of marketability and
lack of control which a minority shareholding in a company such as MS (non-
listed, niche business, restrictions on share transfers, etc.) necessarily
entailed.

112 The inference I draw above is buttressed by the fact that 96,000 treasury
shares were retired in each of the two years in 2018 and 2019 at US$230,400 –
which worked out to US$2.40 per share as well. To my mind, the retirement of
treasury shares must (in the absence of evidence otherwise) be taken to be an
assessment of the market value by the MS shareholders. As I have noted, there
is nothing in the evidence to suggest any sort of special relationship as
between the MS shareholders which would have caused them not to act
independently. In the retirement of treasury shares, therefore, I would expect
the shareholders to have acted independently, in a manner consistent with
their own commercial interests. There was no reason why the shareholders would
have wanted to retire the treasury shares for anything other than what they
believed to be market value, given the likelihood of these past transactions
being relied on to arrive at a valuation in future sales of MS shares.

113 For the reasons explained above, therefore, I am of the view that the
US$2.40 figure seen in the Husband’s 2018 purchase of shares and in the
retirement of treasury shares represented the market value of the shares, as
perceived by the shareholders themselves. This means the figure would already
have factored in those considerations relating to lack of marketability and
lack of control. As Mr Wan put it in his first report, the value of US$2.40
per share would have been based on the collective knowledge and decision by
the shareholders of the company premised on the outlook as well as the
potential of the company. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

ROA vol.5 at p 138.

I agree with Mr Wan that to apply further discounts to this value by way of a
DLOM and a DLOC would be to double-count the considerations of lack of
marketability and lack of control.

114 For completeness, I note that Mr Mann has said that the IVS requires
valuers to consider the application of both a DLOM and DLOC under the market
approach. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

ROA (vol.5) at p 417 at para 3.18.

I reproduce below the relevant portion of the IVS cited by him: 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

ROA (vol.5) at p 366

Other Market Approach Considerations

…

30.17 In the market approach, the fundamental basis for making adjustments is
to adjust for differences between the subject asset and the guideline
transactions or publicly-traded securities. Some of the most common
adjustments made in the market approach are known as discounts and premiums.

(a) Discounts for Lack of Marketability (DLOM) should be applied when the
comparables are deemed to have superior marketability to the subject asset. A
DLOM reflects the concept that when comparing otherwise identical assets, a
readily marketable asset would have a higher value than an asset with a long
marketing period or restrictions on the ability to sell the asset. For
example, publicly-traded securities can be bought and sold nearly
instantaneously while shares in a private company may require a significant
amount of time to identify potential buyers and complete a transaction. Many
bases of value allow the consideration of restrictions on marketability that
are inherent in the subject asset but prohibit consideration of marketability
restrictions that are specific to a particular owner. DLOMs may be quantified
using any reasonable method, but are typically calculated using option pricing
models, studies that compare the value of publicly-traded shares and
restricted shares in the same company, or studies that compare the value of
shares in a company before and after an initial public offering.

(b) Control Premiums (sometimes referred to as Market Participant Acquisition
Premiums or MPAPs) and Discounts for Lack of Control (DLOC) are applied to
reflect differences between the comparables and the subject asset with regard
to the ability to make decisions and the changes that can be made as a result
of exercising control. All else being equal, participants would generally
prefer to have control over a subject asset than not. However, participants’
willingness to pay a Control Premium or DLOC will generally be a factor of
whether the ability to exercise control enhances the economic benefits
available to the owner of the subject asset. Control Premiums and DLOCs may be
quantified using any reasonable method, but are typically calculated based on
either an analysis of the specific cash flow enhancements or reductions in
risk associated with control or by comparing observed prices paid for
controlling interests in publicly-traded securities to the publicly-traded
price before such a transaction is announced. Examples of circumstances where
Control Premiums and DLOC should be considered include where:

1\. shares of public companies generally do not have the ability to make
decisions related to the operations of the company (they lack control). As
such, when applying the guideline public comparable method to value a subject
asset that reflects a controlling interest, a control premium may be
appropriate, or

2\. the guideline transactions in the guideline transaction method often
reflect transactions of controlling interests. When using that method to value
a subject asset that reflects a minority interest, a DLOC may be appropriate.

[emphasis added]

115 I do not think the above extract is of any assistance to the Husband’s
case. From this extract, it is clear that although a DLOM and DLOC may be
something for a valuer to consider when utilising the market approach, it is
not mandatory for both forms of discount to be applied whenever the market
approach is adopted. Rather, a DLOM should be applied under the market
approach when the comparables are deemed to have superior marketability to the
subject asset. Likewise, the DLOC should be applied under the market approach
to reflect differences between the comparables and the subject asset. In the
present case, since the comparables and the subject asset under the market
approach adopted are one and the same (ie, past transactions of MS shares are
used to derive the present market value of MS shares), it would follow that
the DLOM and the DLOC should not be applied.

The appropriate DLOM to apply

116 I next address the issue of the appropriate DLOM to be applied in this
case. In gist, the Wife has submitted for a DLOM of 30% while the Husband has
submitted for a DLOM of 50% to apply. Having considered the experts’ evidence
and the parties’ submissions, I accept the Wife’s submission that a 30% DLOM
should apply. My reasons are as follows.

117 As a starting point, Mr Mann gave evidence that the range for DLOM “could
generally range from 5% to 50%”. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 11.

I do not think this range has been disputed by Mr Wan. Both experts also
agreed that the following factors would lead to the imposition of a higher
DLOM:

(a) Shares in MS are not publicly traded; 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 11; 3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 20.

(b) There are share transfer restrictions in force; 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 11; 3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 20.

and

(c) There is a relatively minute and/or thin market with respect to the block
of shares in question. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 11; 3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 20.

118 In selecting a 50% DLOM, Mr Mann opined that the following other factors
would also lead to the imposition of a higher DLOM:

(a) Shares of MS are unregistered shares; 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 11.

(b) MS’s business is extremely niche; 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 11.

and

(c) A new shareholder would have no significant influence in the company and
lack control. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 12.

119 As for Mr Wan, he also considered the following other factors in arriving
at a 30% DLOM: 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 20.

(a) The shares have changed hands – albeit irregularly;

(b) There may be long-term risks associated with MS being a software company.

120 On considering the factors highlighted by the experts, I find that
although they do point towards a higher DLOM within the “5% to 50%” range,
they do not justify a 50% DLOM. A 50% DLOM is at the very top of the range and
would be much more appropriate in cases with a much more severe lack of
marketability. These may include inter alia cases where there are much larger
risks associated with the future of the business, where the business of the
company is on the decline, where the industry of the company is generally on
the decline, and where the shares in question make up a tiny proportion of the
total shareholding of the company. In my view, the present case is not a case
that warrants the application of a DLOM figure at the highest end of the
range.

121 Additionally, I reject Mr Mann’s attempt to rely on the lack of control
associated with the Husband’s minority shareholding as one of the factors
justifying a DLOM figure at the top of the range. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 12.

It must be noted that the lack of control associated with the Husband’s
minority shareholding has already been accounted for in the DLOC of 25% which
both parties adopted in their valuation methodologies. In relying on this lack
of control as a factor justifying a 50% DLOM, Mr Mann has essentially
accounted twice in the valuation process for the impact of a lack of control.
I do not think this can be correct. In this connection, the judgment of the CA
in Liew Kit Fah is instructive.

122 In Liew Kit Fah (at [43]-[46]), the CA noted that Judith Prakash JA in
Thio Syn Kym had formulated the discount for lack of control as one that arose
from the minority shareholder’s inability to exert control over the management
decisions of the company, while the discount for lack of marketability
accounted for the difficulties one would face in selling the shares of a
private company with share transfer restrictions. In Liew Kit Fah itself, the
judge at first instance did not disagree with Prakash JA’s formulation of the
DLOC. However, as the CA noted –

… he considered that the discount for lack of marketability, which accounted
for the difficulty of selling shares in a narrow market, would additionally
have to be affected by the unattractiveness of a bloc of shares that does not
confer upon its holder control over the management decisions of the company.
In other words, he took the view that a discount for lack of marketability
would necessarily take into account certain matters that would already have
been taken into account when one applies a discount for lack of control,
namely, the minority status of the subject shares. He accordingly thought that
the term “lack of free transferability” better describes the considerations
that arise from the narrowness of the market for the shares in a private
company,

123 The CA observed that there was no definitive answer when it came to a
choice of labels, since terms such as DLOM and DLOC were not terms of art.
That said, for the purposes of the appeal in Liew Kit Fah, the CA held (at
[45]-[46]):

45 …we adopt Prakash JA’s formulation in Thio Syn Kym (HC) of the discount for
lack of control, which the Judge below adopted as well. This discount refers
to the one that applies as a result of the minority status of the bloc of
shares being sold, which consequently do not confer on its holder any ability
to exert control over the management decisions of the company.

46 As to the discount for lack of marketability, we use this term, advisedly,
to refer to the difficulty of selling shares in a private company as a result
of the typical transfer restrictions that apply in this context. This
difficulty is independent of the status of the bloc of shares being sold, and
thus applies regardless whether the shares constitute a minority or majority
shareholding in the company concerned. See Re Blue Index Ltd; Murrell v
Swallow [2014] EWHC 2680 (Ch) at [48]–[49], where Mr R Hollington QC (sitting
as deputy judge of the High Court) distinguished between a discount for lack
of control and a discount for non-marketability in the same manner. After all,
considerations as to the minority status of the bloc of shares on sale are
already accounted for by the discount for lack of control. It appears to us
that the Judge intended to adopt the same formulation that Prakash JA adopted
in Thio Syn Kym (HC) at [32] when she stated that the discount for lack of
marketability “arises from the difficulty of selling shares due to share
transfer restrictions and the narrowness of the market, regardless of whether
the shares are majority or minority shares”. The Judge, however, chose to
describe this discount as a discount for lack of free transferability because
he thought it better captured, without any overlap, the matters that are
respectively accounted for by the discount for lack of control and the
discount for lack of marketability. Nonetheless, for the sake of consistency
with the authorities that have employed the term (see [43] above), we shall
stick with the “lack of marketability” label. Indeed, the use of this label to
refer purely to the difficulty of selling shares in a private company
(unrelated to the minority status of the bloc of shares being sold) finds
traction in one of the foremost authorities on the valuation of shares in
private companies: Christopher G Glover, Valuation of Unquoted Companies (Gee
Publishing, 4th Ed, 2004) (“Glover”) at p 188:

Unquoted shares lack marketability. This arises in two ways. First, most
unquoted companies have few shareholders. The resulting narrow market for a
company’s shares makes it difficult, and sometimes impossible, to deal.
Secondly, many private companies’ articles of association contain share
transfer restrictions. These typically provide that an intending seller must
offer his shares to existing members who, if they do not like the intending
seller’s offer price, can elect to have the fair value of the shares
determined by the company’s auditors. Only if there are no buyers among
existing members is the intending seller free to find a buyer outside the
company. And in all private companies the directors usually have the right to
refuse to register a transfer of shares.

[emphasis added]

124 From the above passages, it is clear that the CA regarded the DLOM as
something that should be assessed “independent of the status of the bloc of
shares being sold, and [that] thus applies regardless whether the shares
constitute a minority or majority shareholding in the company concerned”. This
is because “considerations as to the minority status of the bloc of shares on
sale are already accounted for by the discount for lack of control”. Following
Liew Kit Fah, therefore, I am of the view that it is wrong for Mr Mann to use
the lack of control associated with a minority shareholding as a reason for
adopting a DLOM at the top of the range.

The income approach

125 I next address the Husband’s criticism of Mr Wan’s methodology vis-à-vis
the income approach; specifically, the criticism of Mr Wan’s decision to add
the amount of US$754,572 to the value of MS pursuant to an excess cash
adjustment.

126 The Husband pointed out that in his earlier report, Mr Wan did not make an
excess cash adjustment because of the uncertainty over whether new projects
coming online would require cashflow to sustain their continued growth.
According to the Husband, this reasoning should apply with even greater force
in Mr Wan’s further report because at least six new partnerships have emerged
since his earlier valuation, and all these new partnerships would require cash
flow to sustain. Compared to the earlier valuation, therefore, there would be
even less reason to make an “excess cash adjustment” in the latest valuation –
or so the Husband claimed. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Respondent’s supplemental submissions at paras 46-47.

127 To understand correctly Mr Wan’s rationale for making the excess cash
adjustment in his latest valuation, it is useful for me to reproduce below the
relevant portions of his further report: 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 23.

3.4.1 We note that cash and cash equivalent have increased significantly by
58% in 2021 even after $430,476 was paid out as dividends…

3.4.2 It must be noted that the cash balance of $1,175,755 is beyond the
operating needs of the company (as shown by the historical data). From the
2021 financial statements we note that all the expenses of the company for the
whole year – both fixed and variable – amount to only $869,857. MS therefore
has kept 16 months of cash needs in the bank balances. Excess cash must be
added back to the value of the company and cannot be left out.

…

3.4.4 In STR-1, we noticed that the cash was also a substantial amount of
$743,705 but we did not make an excess cash adjustment because we were unsure
if all the projects that were coming online (such as the 2 new partnerships)
were going to require cashflow to sustain their continued growth. As it turned
out, there was no need for this cash amount and in fact, MS even declared
dividends amounting to $430,473.

128 In essence, Mr Wan’s point was that he had not made an excess cash
adjustment in the first valuation because he had been uncertain at that
juncture whether the upcoming projects would require cashflow to sustain their
growth. However, when the FY 2021 financial statements were made available to
him, the numbers therein showed that not only did the upcoming projects not
eat into MS’s (already substantial) excess cash, the company actually
continued to build on its excess cash – even after declaring significant
dividends for the year. In gist, not only did the two new partnerships
accounted for in the first valuation not eat into the excess cash from that
year, the excess cash had actually grown by over S$400,000 in spite of MS
having also declared dividends of S$430,473.

129 I am satisfied that Mr Wan’s explanation is reasonable, commercially
sensible and backed up by the evidence of the FY2021 financial statements. I
therefore reject the Husband’s submission that Mr Wan should be precluded from
making the excess cash adjustment in his application of the income approach in
the latest valuation.

The cost approach

130 Finally, I address the cost approach which Mr Mann appeared to revisit in
his further report. In the further report, he opined that if the cost approach
were to be used, the Husband’s shareholding would be valued at approximately
S$126,032. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

3rd Affidavit of Mann at p 13-15.

131 Having considered the experts’ evidence and the parties’ submissions, I
agree with the DJ that the use of the cost approach must be rejected in the
present case. As the DJ has pointed out, the value of the MS shares pursuant
to a valuation using the cost approach would be “lower than the value made
under the most extreme scenario of liquidation where the company has only cash
or cash equivalent’s left where it is unable to collect a single dollar from
its receivables and prepayments”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

ROA (vol.1) at p 56.

In terms of the company’s cash and cash equivalent alone, there was a value
US$1,175,755 for FY 2021. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 23.

In the event of liquidation, therefore, the Husband’s MS shares would be worth
approximately US$273,127 (23.23% x US$1,175,755) – excluding other potential
sources of value from other assets of the company. This amount of US$273,127
is already approximately three times the value of S$126,032 which Mr Mann
attributed to the Husband’s shares based on his application of the cost
approach. In the circumstances, it is plain that adopting the cost approach
will result in a valuation figure that makes no commercial sense and is
patently unfair to the Wife.

132 Further and in any event, as the High Court in Chong Barbara v
Commissioner of Estate Duties [2005] 4 SLR(R) 771 (“Chong Barbara”) pointed
out, the cost approach (“assets basis”) should only be used to value companies
that have readily realisable assets with a value independent of business. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 9 ln 6 to ln 29.

In that case (at [24]), the court quoted and relied on the following extract
from “The Valuation of Unlisted Shares”, Accountants Digest No 132, (1983) at
p 30:

The assets basis alone should be used only to value companies which have
readily realisable assets with a value independent of the business. Property
companies, investment trusts and ship-owning companies and, of course,
companies in liquidation are examples of businesses which might well be valued
on this basis. Nevertheless, the value of small minority holdings in such
companies, other than those in liquidation, should always be justifiable in
terms of the dividend yield since, barring a take-over or possibly a listing,
the only way those assets are likely to represent a cash return to the
minority shareholder is in the form of future dividends.

133 In the present case, MS is a very different company – in terms of the sort
of assets owned – as compared to “property companies, investment trusts and
ship-owning companies”. As a software company, its software generates income
but does not appear to have a value independent of the business. It would be
highly inappropriate to apply the cost approach in valuing the MS shares.

Summary of findings on the MS Shares Issue

134 In summary, I agree with the DJ that a hybrid approach should be used such
that both the income approach and the market approach are applied, with equal
weightage of 50% each. However, for the reasons explained earlier, I am of the
view that the DJ erred in his application of the DLOM and DLOC. In this
regard, it is Mr Wan’s methodology and reasoning that I adopt: I accept Mr
Wan’s proposal to apply a 30% DLOM and 25% DLOC under the income approach, and
to refrain from applying any DLOM and DLOC under the market approach. I also
accept that Mr Wan was correct to make the excess cash adjustment in his
latest valuation.

135 Applying the above methodology and parameters, the Husband’s 210,000 MS
shares have a value of S$753,662.50 [0.5 X (S$824,506 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

3rd Affidavit of Wan at p 29.

\+ S$682,819 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

ROA (vol.5) at p 139.

= S$1,507,325)].

136 In the interests of completeness, I should state that I agree with the DJ
that the evidence showed the Husband to have held back MS’s FY 2021 financial
statements: as the DJ observed, these financial statements became available in
August 2022 only as a result of the efforts of the Wife’s counsel. At the AM
hearing below, since the DJ appeared to have chosen not to have regard to the
FY 2021 financial statements, the Wife had submitted for an adverse inference
to be drawn against the Husband and for a 20% uplift to be applied to the
valuation of the MS shares. Since the FY 2021 financial statements were
available for the purposes of the appeal, it became unnecessary for me to
consider the submission for an uplift.

137 Finally, I am grateful to the Husband’s counsel for pointing out that the
increase in the value of the Husband’s MS shares would necessarily increase
the total value of the matrimonial pool of assets. Mathematically, it follows
that an adjustment will also be required to the parties’ direct financial
contributions ratio. With the value of the MS shares being adjusted to
S$753,662.50, there is an increase of S$287,101.26 from the valuation by the
DJ below 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

ROA vol.1 at p 89-91.

(S$753,662.50 – S$466,561.24 = S$287,101.26). This leads to the total pool of
matrimonial assets being valued at S$2,960,599.71, up from S$2,673,498.45.
Accordingly, the Husband’s contribution to the matrimonial pool has increased
from S$2,347,894.45 to S$2,634,995.71, whilst the Wife’s contribution to the
matrimonial pool remains at S$325,604. The direct contributions ratio is
adjusted to 89:11 in favour of the Husband.

Issue 3: Whether the DJ erred in assessing parties’ indirect contributions in
the ratio of 52:48 in the Wife’s favour

138 I next address the the Indirect Contributions Issue, where the Wife is
appealing against the DJ’s decision to assess the parties’ indirect
contributions in the ratio of 52:48 in her favour.

Decision below

139 In the proceedings below, the DJ considered first of all the parties’
indirect non-financial contributions. He was of the view that the Husband
would have contributed the lion’s share of indirect financial contribution
during the marriage 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

ROA vol.1 at p66-67 Para 82.

since he had a significantly high income than the Wife. The Wife had stopped
working from September 2015 onwards; and the DJ opined that her indirect
financial contributions would have been limited at best to the payment of
household bills, with the Husband bearing nearly the entirety of the family
expenses.

140 As to the indirect non-financial contribution ratio, the DJ opined that in
respect of the five-year period after marriage and up until September 2015,
nothing much could be made of the parties’ respective indirect contributions,
as this was a childless period during which both parties were working. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

ROA vol.1 at p67 Para 83.

141 The DJ accepted, however, that following the birth of their son D, the
Wife was the primary caregiver for the child. He observed that the Husband
himself had acknowledged on affidavit that D became the sole focus of the
Wife’s life (although the Husband also sought to castigate her behaviour as
being overly obsessive). 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

ROA vol.1 at p67 Para 84.

The DJ agreed with the Wife that the Husband would have spent much of his time
at work and travelling for work. Again, the Husband himself conceded that he
had spent long hours at work. He also admitted that from May 2017 onwards, he
would visit pubs to “decompress” from time to time (although it may be noted
that the Wife alleged he did so frequently rather than occasionally). 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

ROA vol.1 at p68 Para 85.

Additionally, it was common ground that since October 2019, the Husband had
left the matrimonial flat in October 2019, and that from that point onwards,
the Wife became solely responsible for looking after the child, except for the
occasions when the Husband had access. There was no domestic helper to
alleviate the Wife’s burden. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

ROA vol.1 at p68 Paras 85-86.

142 Having found that the Wife bore a significantly larger share of the
indirect non-financial contributions, 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

ROA vol. at p68 Para 88.

the DJ nevertheless stated that the Husband’s conduct was “not so abysmal”, as
there was evidence he spent “some time” with the child. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

ROA vol.1 at p68 Para 87.

He eventually assessed parties’ indirect contributions as being 52:48 in the
Wife’s favour. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

ROA vol.1 at p69 Para 90.

Wife’s Case

143 On appeal, the Wife submitted that parties’ indirect contributions should
have been assessed at 70:30 in her favour. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 57.

While the Wife agreed that the Husband had borne responsibility for a large
part of the indirect financial contributions, she submitted that the DJ had
given excessive weight to his indirect financial contributions. After all,
since the Wife had stopped working from September 2015, it was only to be
expected that the Husband’s indirect financial contribution far outstripped
the Wife’s. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 59.

The Wife also argued that in assessing parties’ indirect contributions, the DJ
appeared to have broken down the process into two sub-steps by separately
analysing the indirect financial and non-financial contributions in the very
manner prohibited by the CA in TNL v TNK and another appeal and another matter
[2017] 1 SLR 609 (“TNL”, at [47]). 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 13 ln 14 to p 14 ln 29.

144 Further, per the Wife’s submission, that while the couple were in a dual-
income household for the first half of their marriage, they were clearly a
single-income household for the second half of the marriage. As such, the Wife
contended that the court should apply the structured approach adopted in ANJ v
ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ”) for the first half of the marriage and the
single-income approach under TNL for the second half of the marriage. This
would mean a downward modulation of the significance of the indirect financial
contributions because the second half of the marriage would be more properly
characterised as a single income marriage. This would also be consistent with
the broad-brush approach. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Appellant’s Case at Paras 60-61.

145 Finally, the Wife argued that the DJ had given too little weight to her
non-financial contributions. On the objective evidence before the court, the
Husband’s non-financial contributions from October 2016 to the IJ Date (March
2021) were significantly less than the Wife’s, 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Appellant’s Case at Paras 64-65.

especially considering that the Wife had been caring for the child virtually
single-handedly without the benefit of a helper or a family support network in
Singapore. In finding the Wife responsible for a significantly larger share of
the non-financial contributions and in nevertheless assessing indirect
contributions at an odd 52:48 ratio in her favour, it appeared that the DJ had
merely chosen a tokenistic figure to avoid pronouncing a 50:50 split of
indirect contributions. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 68.

Husband’s Case

146 The Husband, on the other hand, submitted that the DJ’s assessment of the
parties’ indirect contributions should be upheld. An appellate court will
seldom interfere in the orders made by the court below unless the court below
has committed an error of law or failed to appreciate certain facts (Koh Bee
Choo v Choo Chai Huah [2007] SGCA 21 (“Koh Bee Choo”)); 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 46 ln 29 to p 47 ln 8.

and in this case, the Husband argued that the DJ had done neither. In this
connection, the Husband also disputed the Wife’s submission that the DJ had
improperly applied sub-ratios between the parties’ indirect financial
contributions and non-financial contributions

147 In gist, the Husband agreed with virtually all of the DJ’s findings; in
particular, his finding that the Husband had borne the lion’s share of
indirect financial contributions during the marriage. As for the non-financial
contributions, the Husband argued that since the DJ had found that he clearly
did spend time with the child, this meant that his non-financial contributions
were not negligible either. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Respondent’s Case at Para 71.

148 Further, the Husband submitted that the Wife’s proposed hybrid approach
(ie, applying ANJ to the first half of the marriage and TNL to the second
half) had no basis in law and that it also represented a misconceived
conflation of the ANJ and TNL approaches. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Respondent’s Case at Para 81.

Noting that the Wife had submitted for an indirect contributions ratio of
80:20 in her favour during the proceedings below but was now seeking a 70:30
ratio on appeal, the Husband argued that the Wife’s position appeared to be
entirely arbitrary. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 47 ln 9 to ln 22.

My Decision

149 In considering the parties’ submissions on the Indirect Contributions
Issue, I note that the CA has held that the structured approach set out in ANJ
is not to be applied in a rigid, mechanistic and overly-arithmetical manner.
In (UYQ v UYP [2020] 1 SLR 551 (“UYQ”), the CA held (at [4]) that “courts
should discourage parties from applying the ANJ approach in a rigid and
calculative manner”. In USB v USA, the CA stressed (at [43]) that the broad-
brush approach was to be adopted with particular vigour by the court in
assessing parties’ indirect contributions. As the CA pointed out:

43 In our judgment, the broad-brush approach should be applied with particular
vigour in assessing the parties’ indirect contributions. This would serve the
purpose of discouraging needless acrimony during the ancillary proceedings.
Practically, this means that, in ascertaining the ratio of indirect
contributions, the court should not focus unduly on the minutiae of family
life. Instead, the court should direct its attention to broad factual
indicators when determining the ratio of parties’ indirect contributions.
These would include factors such as the length of the marriage, the number of
children, and which party was the children’s primary caregiver.

[emphasis in original]

150 Case law has also been instructive in elucidating the courts’ approach to
the determination of the appropriate indirect contributions ratio under the
ANJ approach. In TIT v TIU and another appeal [2016] 3 SLR 1137, the DJ had
awarded a ratio of 100:0 in the husband’s favour for direct contributions, a
ratio of 50:50 for indirect contributions and an overall ratio of 75:25 in the
husband’s favour for the final ratio. On appeal, Thean JC (as she then was)
found that the indirect contribution ratio was too low in favour of the wife.
This was because for the first 11 years of the marriage, it was not disputed
that the wife was the sole anchor at home (at [36]-[37]). The wife had
relocated multiple times and had four children in the span of seven years.
Thean JC found that the care of four babies and young children “born in quick
succession in unfamiliar surroundings would have been extremely demanding”,
notwithstanding the help the wife received from relatives at various points.
Although the husband took over household matters in the 14th year of the
marriage, this was with the help of a maid – when the most punishing baby-
sitting years were over. As such, Thean JC found that the indirect
contribution ratio should properly be 35:65 in favour of the wife.

151 In UAP v UAQ [2018] 3 SLR 319, the parties were married for 22 years and
had one son. The wife was a flight stewardess prior to marriage. After
marriage, she was a full-time homemaker, apart from shot stints of employment.
The husband was a pilot who also had other business interests. Thean JC found
that the appropriate indirect contribution ratio was 80:20 in favour of the
wife (at [80]). Thean JC considered that the wife had made serious sacrifices
to support her husband “in his overseas attachments and night classes to
obtain his post-graduate degree, and to take care of the son”. Although the
wife had some external help from her mother-in-law and a domestic helper,
“these were not significant in duration or extent”. The husband’s focus was on
his career, which “entailed not only piloting but also the management of his
side businesses and other ventures”. Taking into account these factors, Thean
JC assessed the indirect contribution ratio at 80:20 in favour of the wife.

152 In TUV v TUW [2016] SGHCF 15, the parties were married for about 13 years,
with four children to the marriage (“the Children”). Debbie Ong JC (as she
then was) found that “[the wife] had been the main caregiver of the Children
during the marriage and had taken care of the Children for many years after
the parties were separated” (at [39]). Although the wife had spent some time
away from the family during the early years of the marriage, she had played a
“much more active role in the family during the later years of the marriage,
when she managed the Children’s daily needs, assisted them with their
homework, and sent the Children for their various extra-curricular
activities”. The wife was also heavily involved in caring for one of the
children who was diagnosed with cancer: she would alternate between home and
hospital to take care of all the children. As for the husband, Ong JC found
that he too had contributed to the family’s welfare in no small amount (at
[40]). When one of the Children was ill, the husband had “played a role in
taking care of the home and the other children”. He had also “contributed
substantially to the family’s welfare financially”. Ong JC observed that “due
weight had to be given to the Husband’s efforts in providing a comfortable
life for the family”. Ultimately, Ong JC found the ratio of parties’ indirect
contributions to be 60:40 in favour of the wife.

153 BNS v BNT [2017] 4 SLR 213 involved a marriage of about ten years, with
two children to the marriage. Thean JC noted (at [42]) that the husband had
been an involved father who had also made significant indirect financial
contributions in absolute terms. On the other hand, Thean JC observed (at
[43]) that the wife had been the children’s primary caregiver who had spent a
“significant amount of time with the children after their birth”. She had also
left her job for the sake of the family when the husband relocated to
Singapore and Bangkok for work purposes. Ultimately, Thean JC assessed
parties’ indirect contributions to be in the ratio of 60:40 in favour of the
wife (at [44]); and in so deciding, she highlighted that this was lower than
in other cases involving homemaker mothers because she had taken into account
the husband’s “very substantial indirect financial contributions in absolute
and relative terms”.

154 In TYS v TYT [2017] 5 SLR 244, parties were married for 17 years, with one
son to the marriage. The husband worked as a corporate banker and rose to a
management position in a large and reputable international bank. The wife
worked at various companies till somewhere around the mid-point of the
marriage, when she became a housewife. Thean JC found that in the initial
years of the marriage, “the indirect contributions as a whole would tend to be
a favour of the Husband” (at [42]). This was because “the husband was the
primary breadwinner, even though both parties were working”. As a result, “the
significantly higher income of the Husband allowed the Wife to enjoy a
standard of living that she otherwise might not be able to”. The husband was
given credit “for his significant indirect financial contributions”. On the
other hand, she noted that it “must have been extremely difficult for the Wife
to serve as the primary caregiver of their son who, being on the autistic
spectrum, required particular care and attention.” The wife only had help for
the first ten months after the son’s birth. After the husband’s relocation to
the US, the wife “had to bear even greater responsibility in taking care of
the son and household”. Thean JC found that “it was clear that the Wife made
significant greater indirect contribution to the family across the length of
the marriage than the Husband, who concentrated on his career throughout the
marriage, travelled extensively, and left the household to the care of the
Wife”. Parties’ indirect contributions were assessed at 75:25 in favour of the
wife.

155 There have of course also been cases where parties’ indirect contributions
were found to be evenly split at 50:50. It is helpful to look at two cases as
examples. In UZM v UZN [2019] SGHCF 26, parties were married for 14 years,
with no children to the marriage. Tan Puay Boon JC found that since “the
Husband was the main breadwinner in the relationship, it would naturally
follow that he would have been in the position to make larger indirect
financial contributions” (at [75]). On the other hand, Tan JC also observed
that “the Wife made more significant indirect non-financial contributions”
because “even though she was assisted by domestic helpers during the marriage,
she would have taken on some managerial role to ensure the smooth running of
the household (with all the accompanying logistical requirements).” The wife
had also contributed to the marriage by working for the husband at his law
firm instead of another law firm – at a lower pay than what she had previously
earned in another law firm. This went towards enabling the husband “to enjoy
success at work and to generate a substantial income”. On these facts, Tan JC
assessed the ratio of indirect contributions to be 50:50.

156 The case of UWL v UWM [2021] 5 SLR 1012 involved a marriage of about 15
years, also with no children to the marriage. Tan Puay Boon JC observed (at
[47]) that since parties did not have any children, there was no need for
either of them to take a role of a caregiver. Since both husband and wife were
very much focused on their careers, and the court was unable to meaningfully
conclude that neither had contributed to a greater extent than the other, Tan
JC assessed the ratio of indirect contributions to be 50:50.

Whether the indirect contribution ratio of 52:48 in favour of the Wife is
correct

157 Having reviewed the DJ’s grounds of decision and the parties’ submissions,
I accept the Wife’s submission that the DJ erred in giving too little weight
to her indirect non-financial contributions. While the marriage was a
childless one in the early years when both parties were working, it was not
disputed – and the DJ himself found as a fact – that after the birth of the
child, the Wife became the primary caregiver. The Husband, on his own account,
spent the bulk of his time at work and on traveling for work. Following the
Husband’s departure from the matrimonial home, the DJ again found as a fact
the Wife would have “undertaken the sole responsibility of caring for the
child”. Indeed, insofar as the assessment of parties’ indirect contributions
was concerned, the only factor on which the DJ clearly found in favour of the
Husband related to his substantial indirect financial contributions.

158 Bearing in mind the findings of fact made by the DJ, I find that the
indirect contributions ratio he arrived at (52:48 in favour of the Wife) was
clearly inequitable to the Wife. This was extremely close to a 50:50 split
which was plainly not justified on the facts. While credit ought to be given
to the Husband’s substantial indirect financial contributions, that alone
cannot swing the balance towards a roughly equal ratio of indirect
contributions. As the DJ himself accepted, the Wife had left her job as a lead
stewardess with Singapore Airlines to take on the onerous burden of caring for
the child and the home during the second half of the marriage. It is not
disputed that she did so without the assistance of a domestic helper and/or
family members. Her burden has become even more onerous in the last few years
since the Husband’s departure from the matrimonial home in October 2019, as
she now has virtually sole responsibility for the care of their child – and at
a time, moreover, when she has had to rejoin the workforce. As for the
Husband, while it is true that he has been busy with working and work-related
travel, I note that even he does not dispute that he has found time outside of
his work hours to visit pubs to “decompress” – and it is not disputed that he
has incurred significant expenditures at the pubs. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

ROA vol.1 at p68 Para 85.

Weighing all the above factors together, I find that the DJ’s apportionment of
parties’ indirect contributions at 52:48 in favour of the Wife was plainly
inadequate in terms of the recognition given to the Wife’s non-financial
contributions.

159 I note that the DJ found the Husband’s conduct to be “not so abysmal”
because he made the effort to spend some time with the child and continued “to
spend weekend days with the child even after [he] moved out”. With respect,
the fact that the Husband did spend some time with the child did not equate to
his being an involved father: it is not disputed that since D’s birth, the
Wife has been the primary caregiver who has borne substantially most of the
responsibility of raising him – and even more so since October 2019.

160 I should also point out that the DJ’s decision to award an indirect
contributions ratio of 52:48 in the Wife’s favour was clearly against the
grain of existing precedents. As I have noted, this was extremely close to a
50:50 split. In the cases I have examined above (at [150] to [156]), where the
wife has borne the bulk of the responsibility for the child(ren) of the
marriage, the courts have tended to attribute to the wife a far higher
percentage of the parties’ indirect contributions than 50% – even where the
husband is the sole breadwinner. On the other hand, where the marriage is a
childless one and both parties have been working, the courts have tended
towards a 50:50 indirect contributions ratio.

161 For completeness, I add that I do not agree with the Wife that in her
reasoning process vis-à-vis the Indirect Contributions Issue, the DJ had
assigned sub-ratios to indirect financial contributions on the one hand, and
indirect non-financial contributions on the other. In my view, the error which
the DJ made was to assess parties’ indirect contributions at virtually 50:50
after having made the findings he did in respect of the Wife’s non-financial
contributions versus the Husband’s.

162 Applying a broad-brush approach to the facts of this case, therefore, I
find that an equitable indirect contributions ratio in this case would be
70:30 in the Wife’s favour.

163 To sum up then: taking into account the fact that the direct financial
contributions ratio has now been adjusted to 89:11 in favour of the Husband
(at [137] above) 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

ROA (Vol.1) at p 66 para 80.

, and applying equal weightage to direct and indirect contributions, the final
ratio stands at 59.5:40.5 in favour of the Husband.

Issue 4: Whether the DJ erred in awarding the Wife lump sum maintenance of
S$33,600

164 I next address the Maintenance Issue, in which the Wife has appealed
against the DJ’s award of S$33,600 for lump sum maintenance as being too low.

Decision below

165 In the proceedings below, the DJ found that the Husband had a much larger
income than the Wife: he enjoyed an undisputed income of S$14,980 per month
(not including significant dividends from his various shareholdings 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

ROA vol.1 p72 Para 99.

), whereas the Wife’s income was S$3,000 per month. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

ROA vol.1 p72 Para 101.

The DJ also found that the Husband would have given the Wife an allowance in
excess of S$5,000 per month during the marriage. This figure would have
covered the period of time where the Wife stopped working and might also have
included the child’s expenses. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

ROA vol.1 p73 Para 103.

166 As for the Wife’s monthly expenses, the DJ found that a reasonable sum
would be around S$3,013.15 per month. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

ROA vol.1 p78 Para 105.

Noting that her basic monthly salary was S$3,000 and her take-home monthly
salary around S$2,400, the DJ found it clear that the Wife’s needs would
exceed her existing income and rejected the Husband’s argument for no
maintenance order to be made. Having regard to his assessment of the Wife’s
monthly expenses, the DJ found that a reasonable multiplier would be S$700 per
month. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

ROA vol.1 p79 Para 109.

167 In considering the appropriate multiplier, the DJ took into account the
Wife’s relatively young age (42) and the fact that she had worked for just
over half of the marriage before the child was born. The DJ also accepted the
Husband’s submission that the Wife was able to increase her salary to meet her
expenses because the evidence showed that she had seen a notable rise in her
salary since her first ancillary affidavit – from S$2,200 per month in October
2021 to S$3,000 per month in June 2022. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

ROA vol.1 p79 Para 110.

168 In the DJ’s view, a multiplier of four years would allow the Wife a
reasonable period in which to weather the transition following divorce. This
amounted to S$33,600 in total which the DJ found to be a reasonable sum. In so
concluding, he took into account the fact that the Husband would also be
bearing the bulk of the child’s expenses. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

ROA vol.1 p80 Para 113.

He also alluded to the total amount of S$890,000 which the Wife would receive
from the division of matrimonial assets, and which he believed would be
sufficient for her to find accommodation for herself and the child.

The Wife’s Case

169 On appeal, the Wife argued that the multiplicand of S$700 was grossly
insufficient as it would leave her with no savings for a rainy day. She
therefore asked for the multiplicand to be increased by S$300. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Appellant’s Case at Paras 72-74.

It was argued as well that the DJ should have allowed her claim of S$300 for
monthly MCST charges, instead of the S$70 he awarded for this item.

170 Notwithstanding her claim for monthly MCST charges, the Wife argued that
there was a possibility that she would not be able to afford to buy out the
Husband’s share of the matrimonial home and that she would have to purchase a
new home instead. According to the Wife, this meant that she should be awarded
an additional lump sum maintenance of S$54,000 to cover 18 months’ rent (based
on monthly rent of S$3,000). This was because she would need at least that
length of time to purchase a new home, given the recent imposition of a
15-month wait-out period for current and former private homeowners seeking to
buy non-subsidised HDB resale flats.

171 In oral submissions, it was further argued on behalf of the Wife that the
amount she would receive from the distribution of matrimonial assets was
significantly less than the S$890,000 figure alluded to by the DJ. For one,
the Wife contended that the DJ must have included the lump sum maintenance of
S$33,600 in the S$890,000 figure. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 24 ln 29 to p 25 ln 12.

The Wife argued that she should not be expected to utilise the S$33,600
allocated for maintenance to provide a roof over their son D’s head, given the
great disparity between her income and the Husband’s income, and given that
this sum was meant to cover her expenses (which did not include accommodation
expenses). 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 25 ln 13 to ln 24.

It was also contended that various sums should be deducted from the Wife’s
share of matrimonial assets: eg, S$56,570 in the Wife’s CPF Special Account
and S$49,703.22 in her MediSave account, the surrender value of her insurance
policies, and legal fees. According to the Wife, after deducting these various
sums and allowing for an amount of S$54,000 in total rental for an 18-month
period, she would be left with a sum of only S$607,277.17, which would not be
enough for her to acquire a residence similar to the condominium in which
their son D had spent the first seven years of his life. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 30 ln 4 to ln 9.

Even if she and D were to reside in rented accommodation (on an assumed rental
of S$3,000 per month), she would only be able to afford rental for about 15
years – at which point D would still be in tertiary education and thus still a
dependent. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 30 ln 10 to ln 19.

172 As to the multiplier, the Wife submitted that a multiplier of four years
was grossly insufficient. Prior to her resignation from SIA in September 2015,
she had been earning a monthly salary of S$5,000 after 15 years of service
with SIA. Assuming a generous annual increment of 10% on her present salary of
S$3,000, it would take her six years before she could reach a monthly figure
of S$5,000. She had also been obliged to join a completely different industry
when she started working again, because her age and the need to take care of D
made it unsuitable for her to rejoin SIA. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 81.

173 Insofar as she had seen her salary increase from S$2,200 to S$3,000
following a job switch, the Wife submitted that this should not be construed
as a sign of her ability to increase her salary to meet her expenses. This was
because according to her, the large increase was a one-off anomaly
attributable to the fact that when she first rejoined the workforce, she had
taken the first job available despite its low salary. While she had managed to
land a better paid job on her own initiative, she argued against this being
used as a barometer to gauge her future increments. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 83.

174 Taking into account the above factors, the Wife submitted that a more
appropriate multiplier would be six years. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

Appellant’s Case at para 84.

Husband’s Case

175 The Husband, on the other hand, contended that the Wife’s submission that
the maintenance amount should factor in the need for her to accumulate savings
was misconceived and had no basis in law. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Respondent’s Case at Para 107.

In respect of the MCST item, the Husband argued that S$70 was a reasonable
figure for MCST or S&C charges; and that the court should not make minor
adjustments for idiosyncratic reasons (see Koh Bee Choo at [46]). 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Respondent’s Case at Paras 112-113.

176 As for the Wife’s claim for contingent maintenance in the form of S$54,000
for 18 months’ rental, the Husband contended that this too had no basis in law
and that the CA in TDT v TDS had rejected the wife’s claim for contingent
maintenance. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Respondent’s Case at Para 115.

Moreover, such a claim ran contrary to the need for finality and certainty in
matrimonial proceedings, 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Respondent’s Case at Para 113.

as it would completely negate the point of the court ordering a lump sum
maintenance to achieve a clean break between the parties. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Respondent’s Case at Para 120.

177 In terms of the Wife’s ability to find suitable accommodation, the Husband
agreed with the DJ’s finding that the total amount of S$890,000 which she
would receive from the division of matrimonial assets would more than suffice
for her to find accommodation for D and herself – whether she chose to rent or
to buy. In making these arguments, the Husband submitted information from the
HDB website which showed the median resale price of a 3-room HDB flat and a
4-room HDB flat in Ang Mo Kio as being S$378,000 and S$555,000 respectively.
190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Letter from Respondent dated 28 March at para 3(a).

He also submitted that the Wife was not entitled to rely on the cooling
measures to the property market introduced by the Government on 29 September
2022, since these measures had come into effect after the AM hearing on 11
August 2022. In any event, the Husband argued, the wait-out period could be
appealed against; 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 49 ln 20 to p 50 ln 23.

and HDB would review appeals on a case-by-case basis.

178 In respect of the multiplier, the Husband pointed out that the Wife’s
figure of six years was actually quite close to the DJ’s figure of four years.
192

##### Foot Note 192

×

Respondent’s Case at Para 127.

There was no rule that the multiplier should be calculated with reference to
how long it might take the wife to regain her last-drawn income; 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Respondent’s Case at Para 131.

and in any event the Wife had clearly tried to downplay the increase in her
salary (from S$2,200 per month in October 2021 to S$3,000 in June 2022). In
this connection, the Husband sought to average out the increments so as to
demonstrate that there was a steady but consistent increase in the Wife’s
earning capacity over the period of a year. 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

Respondent’s Case at Para 129.

My Decision

The appropriate multiplicand for the Wife

179 Having considered both parties’ submissions, I reject firstly the Wife’s
argument that the multiplicand should be increased to enable her to put aside
savings. It seems to me counter-intuitive that savings should be treated as
part of her reasonable expenses which the Husband should pay maintenance
towards. In any event, as the Husband has pointed out, the Wife has shown no
legal basis for this proposition.

180 As to the S$70 awarded by the DJ for monthly MCST charges, I also agree
with the Husband that this appears to be a reasonable amount for MCST or S&C
charges; and I do not find any basis to interfere with the amount awarded.

The appropriate multiplier for the Wife

181 Second, I also reject the Wife’s submission for the multiplier to be
increased from four years to six years. I agree with the Husband that there is
no rule in law that requires the multiplier to be calculated with reference to
the length of time it may take the Wife to attain her last-drawn salary. In
any event, the Wife has not provided any authorities to support this
proposition.

182 In considering the appropriate multiplier for the purpose of assessing the
maintenance for the Wife, I note that in Ong Chen Leng v Tan Sau Poo [1993] 2
SLR(R) 545 (“Ong Chen Leng”), the CA approved the lower court’s methodology,
which involved taking the monthly maintenance to be paid on a straight-line
basis over a period of 17 years, as a compromise between the average life
expectancy of a woman (70 years) and the usual retirement age of a male
Singaporean worker (65), less the wife’s age (50). This methodology has been
endorsed by the CA in other cases; eg, Wan Lai Cheng v Quek Seow Kee and
another appeal and another matter [2012] 4 SLR 405 (“Wan Lai Cheng”, at
[89]-[91]).

183 However, in the recent case of TNL v TNK, the CA highlighted (at [62])
that the Ong Chen Leng method was simply a guide rather than a rule of law.
Whilst the CA clarified that it was not proposing to discard the Ong Chen Leng
method, it stressed that ultimately, the award of maintenance “was a multi-
factorial inquiry which, pursuant to s 114(1) of the Women’s Charter”,
“requires the court to have regard to all the circumstances of the case
including the following matters listed in ss 114(1)(a) to 114(1)(g) of the
[Women’s Charter].” In UBM v UBN [2017] 4 SLR 921 (“UBM v UBN”), Debbie Ong J
(as she then was) pointed out that the Ong Chen Leng formula was not as
helpful in cases involving younger wives, and was more helpful as a guide in
cases of older wives who had taken on the homemaking role in the marriage and
who had little or no earning capacity at the time of the divorce (at [77]). As
Ong J explained:

The Ong Chen Leng formula is not as helpful in cases involving younger wives.
An application of the formula to a 35-year-old wife would yield a multiplier
of 40 years – this is calculated on the basis of 85 years being the updated
average life span of a woman (see Wan Lai Cheng v Quek Seow Kee [2012] 4 SLR
405 at [89]) and 40 being the solution to the equation ([(85 + 65) ÷ 2] – 35).
Ironically, a young wife is far more capable of earning income and for more
years than an older wife of say, 60 years of age. The older wife would have
obtained a far lower multiplier of 15, being the solution to the equation
([(85 + 65) ÷ 2] – 60). This anomaly arises because the formula does not take
into account the wife’s earning capacity and her income but assumes that she
has none. The formula may be more helpful as a guide in cases of older wives
who have taken on the homemaking role in the marriage and who have little or
no earning capacity at the time of the divorce.

184 In ACY v ACZ [2014] 2 SLR 1320 (“ACY v ACZ”), the parties were married for
three years and had no children. Both parties worked, with the husband having
a significantly high income of about S$48,000-S$78,000 a month (exact amount
disputed), whilst the wife too had a fairly high income of about
S$13,000-S$32,000 a month (exact amount disputed). In considering the
appropriate multiplier to be applied to the 51-year-old wife’s maintenance,
George Wei JC (as he then was) reasoned that a multiplier of three years would
be excessive when the marriage itself had lasted for only three years; and
that instead, a multiplier of 18 months – which was approximately half the
duration of the marriage – would be appropriate.

185 In CGX v CGY and another appeal and other matters [2014] SGHC 256, the
marriage had lasted about five years, with no children. The husband earned a
monthly income of S$5,950 and the wife earned a monthly income of S$2,150.
Thean JC (as she then was) reasoned that a two-year multiplier was appropriate
because the marriage was a short childless one, and both parties were working.

186 In the case of Foo Ah Yan v Chiam Heng Chow [2012] 2 SLR 506 (“Foo Ah
Yan”), the parties’ marriage had lasted for about 13.5 years. There were no
children to the marriage. At the time of the AM proceedings, the wife was 60
years old and the husband was 72. Both husband and wife had retired shortly
after they were married in October 1995, although the husband continued to
receive an income of S$2,600 per month after retirement, by virtue of an
annuity and rental income. The CA held (at [27]) that a multiplier of seven
years was appropriate in the circumstances, reasoning that the husband was
able to meet the maintenance order due to his (non-employment) income, while
the relatively shorter length of the multiplier took into account his status
as a retiree.

187 From the above cases, it is clear that whereas the Ong Chen Leng
methodology continues to be a guide in cases where the wife is older and
unable to rejoin the workforce, it may not be as helpful in cases where the
wife is younger and able to rejoin the workforce. In the latter category of
cases, there is no one formula that can be applied to determine the
appropriate multiplier: the court will consider the individual circumstances
of each case, and reference can be made to the factors found in the Women’s
Charter. For ease of analysis, s 114(1) of the Women’s Charter is reproduced
as follows:

Assessment of maintenance

114.—(1) In determining the amount of any maintenance to be paid by a man to
his wife or former wife, or by a woman to her incapacitated husband or
incapacitated former husband, the court must have regard to all the
circumstances of the case including the following matters:

(a) the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources which
each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future;

(b) the financial needs, obligations and responsibilities which each of the
parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future;

(c) the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the
marriage;

(d) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(e) any physical or mental disability of either of the parties to the
marriage;

(f) the contributions made by each of the parties to the marriage to the
welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the
home or caring for the family; and

(g) in the case of proceedings for divorce or nullity of marriage, the value
to either of the parties to the marriage of any benefit (for example, a
pension) which, by reason of the dissolution or annulment of the marriage that
party will lose the chance of acquiring.

188 In my view, the factors in s 114(1)(a), (b), (d), (f) would be most
relevant in the determination of the multiplier in the present case. On the
one hand, there are several factors that appear to point towards a higher
multiplier. Firstly, the Husband’s income is significantly higher than that of
the Wife’s. Secondly, the maintenance amount for the Wife is not a very large
portion of the Husband’s income. Thirdly, the Wife has made considerable
contributions in caring for the family.

189 On the other hand, there are other factors which tilt the balance towards
a lower multiplier. Firstly, as a result of my decision on the MS Shares Issue
and the Indirect Contributions Issue, the Wife will get a significant increase
in the amount due to her from the division of matrimonial assets. Secondly,
the Wife is relatively younger at age 42; and the marriage was of moderate
length (10.5 years). Thirdly, the Husband has been the main financial provider
for the family.

190 Taking all these factors into account, I find that the multiplier of four
years is reasonable. A multiplier of four years on the present case also
appears to me to be is in line with the range of multipliers seen in the cases
I examined earlier (at [184] To [186]).

Whether the Wife should receive rental expenses

191 As for the Wife’s submission for an additional S$54,000 to cover 18 months
of rent in a scenario where she is unable to buy out the Husband’s share of
the matrimonial home, I find this submission to be without merit as well. No
such rental expenses have actually been incurred by the Wife; and it is not
certain whether rental expenses will even be necessary. As the Husband has
pointed out, therefore, the Wife’s submission really amounts to a claim for
contingent maintenance. An award of contingent maintenance would in this case
negate the whole point of a lump sum maintenance award – which was to enable
parties to achieve a clean break.

192 For the avoidance of doubt, I am not saying that a maintenance award
cannot include rental expenses. That is certainly not the case. In UEB v UEC
[2018] SGHCF 5 for instance, Debbie Ong J (as she then was) held that “both
the moneys that go towards rent and the moneys that go towards a mortgage
loan… are accommodation expenses which the court can take into consideration”
in determining maintenance (at [7]). The question is whether there is
sufficient evidence before the court of such expenses. As I have noted above,
the Wife’s claim in this case for an additional sum of S$54,000 for rental
expenses appeared to me to be speculative.

193 I would add that given the findings I have made in the Wife’s favour on
the MS Shares Issue and the Indirect Contributions Issue, the amount she will
now receive from the division of matrimonial assets will be increased
significantly. Both counsel have agreed that following from the adjustment of
the parties’ direct financial contributions ratio (at [137]), the monetary
value of the Wife’s share will increase from S$855,519.50 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

ROA vol.1 at p90-91.

to S$1,199,050.98. This should allay her concerns about being able to find
suitable accommodation for the son and herself.

Issue 5: Whether the DJ erred in awarding S$1,732 for D’s monthly expenses and
in ordering the Husband to bear 90% thereof instead of 100%

194 Finally, I address the Child Maintenance Issue. Here, the Wife contended
that the S$1,732 which the DJ awarded for the child’s monthly expenses fell
short of a reasonable maintenance amount, and that the Husband should have
been ordered to bear the full amount of the child’s monthly expenses instead
of only 90%.

Decision below

195 In arriving at the figure of S$1,732 for the child’s monthly expenses, the
DJ excluded those items of the child’s expenses which the Husband would
already be directly reimbursing (eg, school fees, medical and dental fees,
etc.). 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

ROA vol.1 at p81-83 Paras 114-115.

The DJ also noted that since the Wife was gainfully employed, she should
contribute to the maintenance of the child. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

ROA vol.1 p84 Para 117.

The DJ estimated the ratio of the Husband’s income to the Wife’s – taking care
to include dividends from the Husband’s shareholdings, assets from the
division of matrimonial assets and assets out of the matrimonial pool – before
concluding that it would be fair for the Husband to pay 90% of the child’s
monthly expenses, with the Wife paying the remaining 10%. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

ROA vol.1 p84-85 Paras 118-119.

Wife’s Case

196 On appeal, the Wife argued that based on the current maintenance award and
her existing salary, she would have no savings; and paying for 10% of the
Child Maintenance would eat even further into her already limited financial
resources. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 87(a).

She argued that the Husband, on the other hand, was in a far superior
financial position – and that her contributions to the marriage were at least
partially responsible for his having attained such a position. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 87(b).

With his high income (about S$25,000 per month, including his dividends), he
was well able to afford the additional 10% or S$172 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 87(c).

; and he should therefore be ordered to bear 100% of the Child Maintenance.

197 It should be noted that on appeal, the Wife suggested that she was
prepared to abandon this aspect of the appeal if her lump sum maintenance were
to be increased to the amount she was seeking. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Appellant’s Case at Para 87.

In oral submissions, it was also argued on behalf of the Wife that the issue
of accommodation expenses would shade into the issue of maintenance for the
child as well, as the Husband should contribute towards providing
accommodation for the child as well. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

Transcript of 27 March at p 29 ln 10 to ln 28.

Husband’s Case

198 The Husband, on the other hand, submitted that pursuant to the CA’s
decision in AUA v ATZ [2016] 4 SLR 674 (“AUA v ATZ”), it was clear that both
parents had a duty to provide for their children, although their precise
obligations might differ depending on their means and capabilities. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

Respondent’s Case at Para 143.

The Husband also argued that it was wrong for the Wife to justify her position
on the Child Maintenance Issue by reference to her own alleged needs and
contributions to the marriage instead of the son’s reasonable needs and
expenses. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

Respondent’s Case at Para 142.

My Decision

199 Insofar as the Wife has argued for the Husband to be liable for 100% of
the Child Maintenance, I find her arguments to be without merit. As the
Husband has pointed out, both parents are equally responsible for providing
for their children, although their precise obligations may differ depending on
their means and capacities (AUA v ATZ at [41]). The Husband’s contribution
towards the son’s maintenance has already been set at a very high rate – 90%
of the assessed maintenance amount, versus the Wife’s 10%. In my view, this
difference in the parties’ respective contributions to their son’s maintenance
sufficiently accounts for the difference in their earning power. I would also
highlight that in addition to being responsible for 90% of the assessed Child
Maintenance amount, the Husband is required to make full and direct payment
for D's school fees, medical expenses, dental expenses and current insurance
policies. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

ROA vol.1 at p 84-85.

The Wife is not responsible for any of these expenses.

200 I have disregarded the Wife’s suggestion that she would be prepared to
abandon this aspect of her appeal if her lump sum maintenance were increased,
as the suggestion appears to me to be unprincipled and without merit.

201 In the circumstances, I see no reason to interfere with the DJ’s decision
to award S$1,372 for D’s maintenance.

202 For completeness, I note that the Wife’s submission on accommodation
expenses has already been dealt with by me earlier (at [191] - [193] above).

Conclusion

203 In conclusion, I allow the Wife’s appeal in part as follows:

(a) In relation to the MS Shares Issue, the value attributed to the Husband’s
MS shares is increased to S$753,662.50. Accordingly, the total value of the
pool of matrimonial assets is increased to S$2,960,599.71 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

ROA vol.1 at p 89-91.

;

(b) In relation to the Indirect Contributions Issue, the ratio of the parties’
indirect contributions is adjusted to 70:30 in the Wife’s favour. Taking into
account the direct contributions ratio (which is now adjusted to 89:11 in
favour of the Husband), 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

ROA vol.1 at p 66.

the average and final ratio is 59.5:40.5 in favour of the Husband. As noted
earlier (at [193]), counsel for both parties have agreed that the Wife’s
entitlement to the matrimonial pool is accordingly increased to
S$1,199,050.98.

204 The Wife’s appeal in respect of the KS Shares Issue, the Maintenance Issue
and the Child Maintenance Issue is dismissed.

205 In respect of the matrimonial home, the DJ had in the AM hearing below
given the Wife three months from the date of his decision in which to exercise
her right of first refusal to purchase the Husband’s share of the matrimonial
home. Given that the Wife has had some eight months since the filing of her
notice of appeal to mull over this issue, I do not think another three months’
wait is necessary. As such, the Wife has 14 calendar days from the date of
this judgment in which to notify the Husband in writing of any decision on her
part to exercise her right of first refusal. If the Wife decides against
buying out the Husband’s share of the property, then the Husband has 14
calendar days from the expiry of the deadline given to the Wife, in which to
notify the Wife in writing of any decision on his part to buy out her share.
If neither side wishes to take over the property, then it will be sold on the
open market within seven months from the expiry of the above-mentioned 28
calendar days, with both the Husband and the Wife having joint conduct of the
sale; net sale proceeds after settling outstanding mortgage loans (if any),
CPF refunds (if any) and costs and expenses of sale to be divided in the final
ratio I have determined. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either the
Wife or the Husband decides to buy over the other party’s share of the
matrimonial home, the value of the matrimonial home as assessed by the DJ
shall apply for the purpose of determining the amount to be paid by the Wife
or the Husband, as the case may be.

206 As to the costs of the appeal, I am inclined to think that since the Wife
has succeeded on the two most important issues in her appeal (in terms of the
impact on the state of her finances), she should be awarded the costs of the
appeal, but these costs should be adjusted to take into account the fact that
she has failed on the remaining issues raised. I will hear parties before I
make any order on costs.

207 Post division of matrimonial assets, based on the final ratio I have
determined, the Wife should have in her name assets totalling a higher value
than the aggregate amount to which she is entitled. I leave it to parties to
work out the necessary computations. Parties may submit the draft order of
court for my approval before extracting it. Both have liberty to apply in the
event any clarification is required.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Chong Siew Nyuk Josephine and Kym Calista Anstey (Josephine Chong LLC) for the
Appellant.

Johnson Loo Teck Lee and Lew Zi Qi (Drew & Napier LLC) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 May 2023 (18:22 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

