Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE HIGH COURT

of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCR 20

Originating Claim No 495 of 2023 (Summons No 2878 of 2023)

Between

| Qompass Voyage Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

| APACPAY Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure — Stay of proceedings]

[Conflict of Laws — Choice of jurisdiction — Exclusive]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Qompass Voyage Ltd

  
v

  

APACPAY Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHCR 20

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 495 of 2023 (Summons
No 2878 of 2023)  
AR Perry Peh  
18 October, 14 November 2023

24 November 2023

AR Perry Peh:

Introduction

1 In HC/SUM 2878/2023 (“SUM 2878”), the defendant sought the stay or dismissal
of the entire action in HC/OC 495/2023 (“OC 495”) pursuant to s 12(1) of the
Choice of Court Agreements Act 2016 (2020 Rev Ed) (“the CCA”), or
alternatively, on the ground that the court should decline to exercise
jurisdiction over OC 495. In support of SUM 2878, the defendant relied on an
exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of the courts of England and Wales
(“the EJC”). However, the defendant denied having any contractual relationship
with the claimant. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Ang Wai Siang (“Ang’s affidavit”) at para 11; Defence
(Jurisdiction) at para 4.

Instead, the basis on which it relied on the EJC is that the EJC formed part
of a set of standard terms and conditions that would have been incorporated
into the agreement governing that contractual relationship, if one ever
existed. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ang’s affidavit at paras 27–28.

What impact do these inconsistent positions have, if any, on whether the
defendant can establish a “good arguable case” that the EJC exists and governs
the dispute, which is the threshold requirement that the defendant must
satisfy to succeed in the jurisdictional challenge? I dismissed SUM 2878 on
the basis that these inconsistent positions deprived the defendant of any
factual basis for alleging the existence of the EJC, which meant it
necessarily fell short of the required standard of proof. I explain my reasons
in full in these grounds.

Background

2 The background facts to which OC 495 relate are relatively straightforward.
The defendant, APACPAY Pte Ltd (“APL”), was a Singapore-incorporated company
in the business of providing digital payment and online payment gateway
services. It is not in dispute that, while APL was in operation, it held the
necessary operating licence issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore
(“the MAS”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ang’s affidavit at paras 5–7.

The claimant, Qompass Voyage Limited (“QVL”), was a Hong Kong-incorporated
company in the business of providing online travel platform services. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Affidavit of Chen Xumin (“Chen’s affidavit”) at para 7.

3 According to QVL, between October 2018 and June 2019, it used APL’s payment
processing and ancillary services. It entered into a Merchant Service
Agreement bearing number AP90115092018 dated 15 September 2018 (“the MSA”)
with APL, under which APL provided its services, and QVL was to pay various
monthly and per transaction processing fees to APL. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Chen’s affidavit at para 9.

Under the MSA, among other things, APL must settle with QVL sums received from
payments made through APL (less service fees) once a week. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Chen’s affidavit at para 12.

4 QVL states that, in June 2019, it was notified by APL that APL had since
ceased operations and services, and that it would contact QVL within the next
thirty days to confirm the amount of outstanding balance owed to QVL and
arrange for repayment of the outstanding balance in accordance with the MSA. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Chen’s affidavit at para 13.

Shortly after, QVL informed APL of the total outstanding balance, and asked
APL to settle this outstanding balance as soon as possible. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Chen’s affidavit at para 14.

QVL avers that there has been no response since from APL, and APL has also
failed to make any payment of the outstanding sum, which amounted to
US$253,089.34. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Chen’s affidavit at para 15.

QVL therefore seeks to recover this outstanding sum pursuant to the MSA. In
the alternative, QVL seeks recovery of this sum pursuant to: (a) an implied
contract which it said was formed from the course of dealing between itself
and APL and also contains materially the same terms as those found in the MSA;
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Claim at para 14.

and/or (b) on the basis that APL has been unjustly enriched. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Claim at para 18.

5 APL, which has not filed a defence on the merits in OC 495, offers a starkly
different version of events in response. In its Defence (Jurisdiction) and
supporting affidavit filed for SUM 2878, APL denies having any contractual
relationship with QVL, whether express or implied. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ang’s affidavit at para 11; Defence (Jurisdiction) at para 4.

APL’s position is that QVL had contracted with another payment services
company Cosmopay Holdings Limited (“Cosmopay”), a company incorporated in
England. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Ang’s affidavit at paras 13–14.

APL states that, while it was unrelated to Cosmopay, there was an agreement
between itself and Cosmopay under which Cosmopay could use APL’s payment
gateway services for its own clients. Cosmopay was therefore a client of APL,
and APL processed payments on Cosmopay’s instructions, including for
Cosmopay’s own merchants, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ang’s affidavit at paras 15-16.

such as QVL. As part of those business operations, APL came into possession of
the Merchant Service Agreement between Cosmopay and QVL. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Ang’s affidavit at para 19.

APL adds that, when it ceased operations, it had met all its liabilities to
its customers, including Cosmopay. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ang’s affidavit at para 20.

The long and short of APL’s position is that any agreement for payment
services that QVL had was with Cosmopay, and consequently, any claim that QVL
had for outstanding sums would lie with Cosmopay, and not APL.

6 APL further adds that QVL had made a complaint to the MAS about the alleged
outstanding sums. Following this complaint, in November 2019, the MAS made an
inquiry with APL, to which APL responded by confirming that it owed no
outstanding amounts to QVL, and that APL merely acted as a remittance
intermediary for Cosmopay and had no direct relationship with QVL. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ang’s affidavit at paras 21–22 and p 70.

There is no evidence in the affidavits relating to whether the MAS had made
any further inquiry following APL’s response. It would appear, however, that
APL’s subsequent cessation of its operations was uneventful, and in May 2023,
the MAS effected a full refund of APL’s security deposit, which APL had to
maintain while its operational licence was still in force. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ang’s affidavit at paras 7 and 23.

7 QVL accepted in its reply affidavit filed in SUM 2878 that it had signed a
Merchant Service Agreement with Cosmopay. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Chen’s affidavit at para 18.

This, it explained, was purely a result of regulatory reasons because only
Cosmopay but not APL met the audit requirements of European banks.
Notwithstanding this Merchant Service Agreement with Cosmopay, the parties’
intention was always for APL to directly provide payment processing services
to QVL and at all material times, it was APL that had provided such services
to QVL and charged QVL the requisite fees. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Chen’s affidavit at paras 18 and 20.

The application

8 In SUM 2878, APL relied on the EJC and sought a stay or dismissal of the
entire action in OC 495 pursuant to s 12(1) of the CCA, or in the alternative,
a stay or dismissal of the entire action on the basis that the court should
decline to exercise its jurisdiction in OC 495. APL stated that the EJC formed
part of its standard terms and conditions, which are accessible online at its
website, and are incorporated by reference in every Merchant Service Agreement
that it would have entered into with its customers. Therefore, if the MSA
alleged by QVL existed, it would have incorporated these terms and conditions,
which would contain the EJC. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ang’s affidavit at paras 27–28.

On this note, it is undisputed that Schedule 1 of the MSA, which has been
exhibited in these proceedings, states that APL’s terms and conditions, which
are “[p]rovided separately and available online” at APL’s website, forms part
of the MSA. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ang’s affidavit at pp 117 and 126.

It is also not in dispute that the MSA has not been signed by the stated
contracting parties. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Ang’s affidavit at para 21.

9 To summarise: while APL denies the existence of any contractual relationship
between itself and AVL, if the MSA alleged by QVL existed, then it would have
contained the EJC, and it was on this basis that APL mounted its
jurisdictional challenge in SUM 2878.

The applicable principles

10 At common law, in an application for a stay of proceedings commenced in the
forum based on an exclusive jurisdiction clause, the applicant bears the
burden of showing a “good arguable case” that an exclusive jurisdiction
agreement exists and governs the dispute in question (see Vinmar Overseas
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v PTT International Trading Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 1271
(“Vinmar”) at [41]). Once such a “good arguable case” is shown, the burden
shifts to the party seeking to sue in the forum to show “strong cause”, by
reference to the factors set out in The Eleftheria [1969] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 237,
and which were endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Amerco Timbers Pte Ltd v
Chatsworth Timber Corp Pte Ltd [1977–1978] SLR(R) 112, as to why a stay should
nevertheless be refused (see Vinmar at [69] and [71]).

11 The CCA gives effect to the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements
2005 (“the Convention”), which establishes an international legal regime for
upholding exclusive choice of court agreements in international civil or
commercial cases. Section 12(1) of the CCA, on which APL relied, states:

12.—(1) Despite any other written law or rule of law, if an exclusive choice
of court agreement does not designate any Singapore court as a chosen court, a
Singapore court must stay or dismiss any case or proceeding to which the
agreement applies, unless the Singapore court determines that —

(a) the agreement is null and void under the law of the State of the chosen
court;

(b) a party to the agreement lacked the capacity, under the law of Singapore,
to enter into or conclude the agreement;

(c) giving effect to the agreement would lead to a manifest injustice or would
be manifestly contrary to the public policy of Singapore;

(d) the agreement cannot reasonably be performed for exceptional reasons
beyond the control of the parties to the agreement; or

(e) the chosen court has decided not to hear the case or proceeding.

12 Part 2 of the CCA, in which s 12(1) is contained, applies in every
“international case” (defined in s 4(1) of the CCA) where there is an
“exclusive choice of court agreement” (defined in s 3 of the CCA).

13 The principles relating to the application of s 12(1) of the CCA were
considered by the High Court in 6DM (S) Pte Ltd v AE Brands Korea Ltd and
others and another matter [2022] 3 SLR 1300 (“6DM (S) Pte Ltd”) (at
[34]–[38]):

(a) Applications under s 12(1) of the CCA for a stay or dismissal of
proceedings fall to be considered in two stages. At the first stage, the court
has to consider whether there exists an exclusive choice of court agreement
which does not designate Singapore as a chosen court and which applies to the
case or proceeding in which the s 12(1) application is made. If the court is
satisfied that there is such an exclusive choice of court agreement before it,
then the court moves to the second stage of the analysis, where the court must
stay or dismiss the case or proceeding, unless it is shown that one of the
five exceptions set out in s 12(1) applied.

(b) In connection with the first stage, the burden is on the applicant seeking
a stay or dismissal of the case or proceeding under s 12(1) to show a “good
arguable case” that an exclusive choice of court agreement exists and that it
governs the dispute in question. This test of a “good arguable case” is the
same as that applied at common law in an application for a stay based an
exclusive jurisdiction agreement (see 6DM (S) Pte Ltd at [33]).

(c) If the applicant discharges its burden under the first stage, the burden
then shifts to the party resisting the stay or dismissal of the case or
proceeding to show that the case falls within one of the five exceptions
specified in s 12(1) of the CCA. If none of the five exceptions apply, the
court has no discretion to refuse a stay. Therefore, unlike at common law, it
is insufficient for the party resisting a stay or dismissal under s 12(1) to
establish “strong cause”.

14 For ease of discussion, in these grounds, I will refer to an application
for a stay based on an exclusive jurisdiction agreement under the common law
as a “stay application”, and an application under s 12(1) of the CCA as a “CCA
application”.

The submissions

15 Before I turn to the parties’ submissions, I should state at the outset
that it was not in dispute that the CCA applied in this case. This was an
“international case” coming within s 4 of the CCA as QVL and APL, which were
respectively Hong Kong- and Singapore-incorporated companies, do not reside in
the same Contracting State. The EJC, on which the defendant relied, was also a
“choice of court agreement” coming within s 3(1) of the CCA, as it was
concluded or documented in writing and designates the courts of the England
and Wales for the purposes of deciding disputes arising from any contractual
relationship incorporating those standard terms and conditions of which the
EJC is part. It was also not in dispute that the only exception in s 12(1) of
the CCA that was capable of application is the public policy exception in s
12(1)(c), which is that giving effect to the EJC would lead to a “manifest
injustice” or be “manifestly contrary to the public policy of Singapore”.

16 APL raised the following arguments in support of SUM 2878. First, despite
its primary position that there exists no contractual relationship between
itself and QVL, it is nevertheless entitled to rely on the EJC, which it said
would have formed part of the MSA, if that existed at all. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s written submissions at paras 4 and 10.

Secondly, it has shown a good arguable case that an exclusive choice of court
agreement exists by virtue of the EJC because the terms and conditions
referred to by Schedule 1 of the MSA are those same standard terms and
conditions which it relied on in SUM 2878 and which it claimed contains the
EJC. Furthermore, the EJC had been validly incorporated into the MSA because
it was not an unusual or onerous term in the circumstances of the case. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s written submissions at paras 41 and 54–57.

Thirdly, in addition to the claims based on the MSA, the EJC also governs the
dispute arising from QVL’s alternative claims based on implied contract and
unjust enrichment because those claims arise under or in connection with the
MSA, to which the EJC applied. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s written submissions at paras 63 and 70.

Therefore, if any stay or dismissal of OC 495 were granted, it ought to extend
to the entirety of OC 495 and not only the claims based on the MSA. Finally,
in the circumstances of this case, QVL has not been able to demonstrate that
giving effect to the EJC would cause manifest injustice or be manifestly
contrary to the public policy of Singapore for the purposes of s 12(1)(c) of
the CCA. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s written submissions at para 72.

17 The claimant raised the following arguments in response. First, it
disagreed that APL had shown a good arguable case that the EJC exists and
applies to the dispute in question. It argued that APL was not entitled to
deny the existence of any contractual relationship with QVL on the one hand
and yet on the other take the inconsistent position that the EJC governed the
dispute between the parties. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Claimant’s written submissions at para 17.

In any event, there is no evidence to substantiate APL’s contention that the
terms and conditions incorporated into the MSA by virtue of Schedule 1, are
those same standard terms and conditions on which APL relied in SUM 2878 and
which APL claimed contains the EJC. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Claimant’s written submissions at para 18.

In fact, at the time the MSA was entered into, there had been no discussions
between the parties as to where disputes arising therefrom were to be resolved
and it had not been brought to QVL’s attention that any such terms and
conditions incorporated by the MSA would have included the EJC. If, however,
the court finds that there is a good arguable case that the EJC exists and
governs the dispute in OC 495, a stay or dismissal of OC 495 nevertheless
ought to be refused because the enforcement of the EJC would: (a) be
manifestly contrary to the public policy against the deception of public
authorities and public servants; 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Claimant’s written submissions at para 32.

and (b) result in manifest injustice for QVL by requiring it to incur
considerable time and expense to pursue the legal action in another
jurisdiction (ie, the English courts) and then enforce any judgment obtained
against APL in Singapore. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Claimant’s written submissions at para 29.

Whether APL could rely on the EJC in SUM 2878?

18 In my view, the issue on which SUM 2878 turned is whether APL could even
rely on the EJC in the CCA application or the stay application, given its
primary position that it had no contractual relationship with QVL whatsoever.
This raised, among other things, a question of principle: in a CCA application
or a stay application, can the defendant-applicant nevertheless show a “good
arguable case” that an exclusive jurisdiction agreement exists and governs the
dispute in question, where in the first place it denies having any contractual
relationship with the claimant?

19 I turn to consider this question of principle first. If this is answered in
the negative, then SUM 2878 necessarily has to be dismissed.

Where a defendant denies having any contractual relationship with the
claimant, can it nevertheless show a “good arguable case” that an exclusive
jurisdiction agreement exists and governs the dispute?

20 Whether in a CCA application or a stay application, the burden is on the
applicant in the jurisdictional challenge to show a “good arguable case” that
an exclusive jurisdiction agreement exists and governs the dispute in question
(see Vinmar at [41]; see [13(b)] above). To do so, the applicant must, on the
evidence before the court, have the better of the argument that the agreement
exists and that it applies to the dispute (see Vinmar at [45]). This is a
higher threshold than a mere prima facie case but is different from the
standard of a balance of probabilities, which the court would face inherent
limitations in application given the stage at which such applications
typically come to be heard (see Vinmar at [45]).

21 In both CCA applications and stay applications, the end sought by the
defendant-applicant is a common one, and that is to enforce the contract that
it had made with the forum claimant on where to sue and where to be sued (see
generally, Yeo Tiong Min, “The Contractual Basis of the Enforcement of
Exclusive and Non-exclusive Choice of Court Agreements” (2005) 17 SAcLJ 306
(“Choice of Court Agreements”) at paras 29 and 31). The enforcement of that
contract is the end sought by the applicant in the CCA application or the stay
application, and the relief sought in that application – that the court
declines to exercise its jurisdiction over the dispute – is the means by which
that contract is to be enforced. Of course, whether the court would eventually
decline to exercise jurisdiction and therefore stay or dismiss the action will
turn on non-contractual considerations, namely, the forum claimant’s failure
to demonstrate the existence of a “strong cause” (in a stay application) or
the applicability of any of the s 12(1) factors (in a CCA application), if
these are alleged. However, these considerations are only enlivened where the
court is in the first place satisfied that the case is one in which the
applicant seeks to enforce an exclusive jurisdiction agreement. This explains
the two-stage test that our courts have adopted for both stay applications and
CCA applications, where the court would only turn to the second stage of that
test where it is satisfied, on the basis of a “good arguable case”, that an
exclusive jurisdiction agreement exists (see Vinmar at [68]–[69]; 6DM (S) Pte
Ltd ([13] above) at [35]).

22 Therefore, the enforcement of the exclusive jurisdiction agreement forms
the basis of both CCA applications and stay applications. Therefore, as the
Court of Appeal explained in Vinmar (at [72] and [114]–[115]) in the context
of a stay application, the court grants a stay of proceedings commenced in
breach of an exclusive jurisdiction agreement to give effect to that agreement
and respect parties’ choice of forum, and the “strong cause” test, which sets
a high threshold to be met before the court will refuse such a stay, reflects
the judicial philosophy that courts should in general give effect to the
parties’ agreement on the forum where their disputes will be resolved. The
objective of the legal regime in the Convention, which forms part of our law
by virtue of the CCA, is the enforcement of choice of court agreements (see,
for example, Trevor Hartley and Masato Dogauchi, “Convention of 30 June 2005
on Choice of Court Agreements: Explanatory Report” (Hague Conference on
private international law, 2013) at para 5; Yeo Tiong Min, “Report of the Law
Reform Committee on the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 2005”
(Singapore Academy of Law, 2013) at para 10).

23 Of course, a jurisdiction agreement can exist independently of a
substantive contractual relationship – parties can be ad idem regarding their
choice of forum but reach no agreement on any other matter, including the
substance to which the dispute relates. However, it is quite another matter
altogether where the defendant denies the existence of any contractual
relationship between the parties. A jurisdiction agreement can only exist
where there is some form of contractual relationship between the parties in
the first place, whatever the subject matter to which that contract relates.
If there is no contractual relationship whatsoever between the parties, there
can also be no jurisdiction agreement between them. Put another way, a pre-
existing contractual relationship is anterior to the existence of any
jurisdiction agreement, and if the former does not exist, neither will the
latter. Accordingly, if the applicant in a CCA application or a stay
application denies the existence of any contractual relationship between
itself and the forum claimant, there is no factual basis on which it can
allege the existence of an exclusive jurisdiction agreement, much less
demonstrate a “good arguable case” that it exists. Such an applicant therefore
necessarily falls short of the required standard of proof at the first stage
of the CCA application or stay application.

What is the significance of APL’s inconsistent positions?

24 In so far as the defendant has not derived a judgment in its favour by
virtue of its primary position that there exists no contractual relationship
between the parties in the course of previous interlocutory applications that
might have been taken up before the stay application or CCA application comes
to be heard and decided (which is not the case here), in principle, there is
nothing precluding the defendant from adopting in the CCA application or stay
application the inconsistent position that there exists an exclusive
jurisdiction agreement, which, for the reasons explained earlier (at [23]),
fundamentally contradict each other. As the Court of Appeal explained in BWG v
BWF [2020] 1 SLR 1296 (at [127]), a party in litigation is normally entitled
to pursue alternative and seemingly inconsistent positions, and the abuse of
process doctrine, whether in the form of the doctrine of waiver by election or
the doctrine of approbation and reprobation, is typically engaged only when a
party has secured a benefit from an earlier inconsistent position, such as
where it obtains a judgment in its favour by virtue of that position.
Therefore, to clarify, there is nothing objectionable in principle with the
inconsistency in positions arising from the defendant’s denial of any
contractual relationship with the claimant and his reliance on an exclusive
jurisdiction agreement in a jurisdictional challenge, if the defendant has not
obtained a benefit in the proceedings on account of that denial. The
inconsistent positions are only significant in connection with the issue of
proof under the first stage of the CCA application or stay application, in
that the defendant will necessarily by virtue of its inconsistent positions,
fail to establish a good arguable case that the alleged jurisdiction agreement
exists and governs the dispute.

25 APL argued that it is entitled to rely on the EJC, notwithstanding its
primary position that no contractual relationship exists between itself and
QVL, by virtue of the principle stated by the High Court in Hai Jiang 1401 Pte
Ltd v Singapore Technologies Marine Ltd [2020] 4 SLR 1014 (“Hai Jiang”). As I
will explain below, I did not find the Hai Jiang principle relevant to the
present case and it therefore does not assist APL. For now, I only point out
that, in so far as APL argues that it is entitled to rely on the EJC in spite
of its denial of any contractual relationship with the claimant, that
entitlement is not in dispute in the circumstances of this case, for the
reasons I have just explained (at [24]). It is therefore unnecessary for APL
to rely on the Hai Jiang principle to justify the taking of such inconsistent
positions where there is nothing precluding it from doing so in the first
place.

26 Turning now to Hai Jiang, the factual paradigm in that case, which has also
arisen in similar cases in other jurisdictions, is as follows: (a) the
applicant (referred to as an “ASI claimant”) seeks an anti-suit injunction in
the forum against the defendant (referred to as an “ASI respondent”); (b) the
ASI claimant is sued by the ASI respondent in foreign proceedings pursuant to
a contract or at least in respect of claims that would be characterised as
contractual in nature by the law of the forum; (c) the anti-suit injunction is
sought on the basis that the foreign proceedings were inconsistent with the
exclusive jurisdiction agreement or arbitration agreement found in that
contract, and so the maintenance of those proceedings by the ASI respondent
was a breach of that agreement; and (d) the ASI claimant takes the position
that it is not a party to the contract on which those foreign proceedings had
been brought and in which the jurisdiction or arbitration agreement is
contained, or denies the validity of that contract in a way that would impeach
that agreement (see also Hai Jiang at [49], [53], [57], [62], [65]–[67], [77]
and [78]). The High Court in Hai Jiang held that the ASI claimant is
nevertheless entitled to rely on the exclusive jurisdiction or arbitration
agreement and thereby obtain an anti-suit injunction against the ASI
respondent (provided that the requisite legal grounds for the grant of an
anti-suit injunction are made out), despite it denying being a party to the
contract on which those foreign proceedings had been brought. As the court
explained (at [81]):

… This principle enables an ASI claimant, although claiming not to be a party
to the contract which the ASI respondent sues upon in a foreign jurisdiction
(which is inconsistent with the exclusive forum clause (or arbitration
agreement) to which the ASI respondent’s claim would be inherently subject
under the contract), to be granted an ASI restraining the ASI respondent from
bringing or continuing proceedings abroad (which is inconsistent with the
exclusive forum clause to which his claims would be inherently subject if any
contractual relationship subsists). The grant of such an ASI is an exercise of
the court’s equitable jurisdiction … the foreign proceedings must be in breach
of the exclusive jurisdiction clause, the ASI claimant must be entitled to
enforce the clause, the clause must be binding and not invalid, and the claim
in the foreign proceedings must fall within its terms.

27 The court’s jurisdiction to grant anti-suit injunctions restraining the ASI
respondent from commencing or pursuing legal proceedings in a foreign
jurisdiction is rooted in equity (see Sun Travels & Tours Pvt Ltd v Hilton
International Manage (Maldives) Pvt Ltd [2019] 1 SLR 732 (“Sun Travels”) at
[64]–[65]). This equitable jurisdiction is exercised when the “ends of
justice” require it, in connection with which the following factors are
relevant: (a) whether the ASI respondent is amenable to the jurisdiction of
the Singapore courts; (b) whether Singapore is the natural forum; (c) whether
the foreign proceedings would be vexatious or oppressive to the ASI claimant
if they were allowed to continue; (d) whether the anti-suit injunction would
cause any injustice to the ASI respondent; and (e) whether the foreign
proceedings was or would be in breach of any agreement between the parties
(see Sun Travels at [66]). Although these factors are considered in the round,
the breach of an agreement has been regarded as a separate basis on which an
anti-suit injunction may be granted (see Sun Travels at [29]). Therefore,
foreign proceedings commenced in breach of an exclusive jurisdiction agreement
constitute an independent ground for the grant of an anti-suit injunction
because that agreement ought to be enforced unless there were strong grounds
for not doing so (see Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte (formerly known as
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Asia (Singapore) Pte) and others v Hong Leong
Finance Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 409 at [29]; see also Choice of Court Agreements
([21] above) at [29]).

28 However, a closer look at the cases in which the Hai Jiang principle has
been applied shows that the anti-suit injunction granted in those cases had
not been premised on any breach of agreement between the parties or the need
to enforce the agreement between the parties (see, for example, the
observations of Popplewell J in Jewel Owner Ltd and another v Sagaan
Developments Trading Ltd [2012] EWHC 2850 (Comm) at [15], cited in Hai Jiang
at [53]). Instead, what justified the grant of the anti-suit injunction is the
fact that the ASI respondent had not been entitled to found a claim upon a
contract containing the exclusive jurisdiction agreement without also being
bound by that jurisdiction agreement, because his choice to sue the ASI
claimant in reliance on that contract in which the jurisdiction agreement is
found results in him being subject to an estoppel or equitable obligation that
prevents him from maintaining the claim in the foreign proceedings, or renders
it vexatious or oppressive for him to do so (see Hai Jiang at [83]; see also
Thomas Raphael QC, The Anti-suit Injunction (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed,
2019) at paras 10.81–10.85). Therefore, in cases where the Hai Jiang principle
applies, the anti-suit injunction is not granted in enforcement of the
jurisdiction agreement.

29 This is significant for two reasons. First, the Hai Jiang principle does
not stand for a general proposition that a party can enforce a jurisdiction
agreement even where it denies the existence of any contractual relationship
with the other party. This is because the ASI claimant’s entitlement to an
anti-suit injunction by virtue of the Hai Jiang principle flows not from the
enforcement of any jurisdiction agreement or contract, but the conduct of the
ASI respondent in bringing and maintaining the foreign proceedings. Secondly,
the Hai Jiang principle can be of no relevance to a CCA application or stay
application, where the basis is that of enforcing a jurisdiction agreement
between the parties (see [22] above).

30 Furthermore, the factual paradigm of cases in which the Hai Jiang principle
has been applied is fundamentally distinct from that arising in a CCA
application or stay application. Where the Hai Jiang principle applies, there
is no dispute that the exclusive jurisdiction agreement (a) exists, (b) forms
part of the agreement or contract on which the ASI respondent relies in the
foreign proceedings and (c) governs the dispute to which the foreign
proceedings relate. To the contrary, in a stay application or CCA application,
these are all matters in dispute. Whether the jurisdiction agreement exists
and governs the dispute in question is the very matter that the applicant must
make good on the standard of a “good arguable case” at the first stage of the
CCA application or stay application. The claimant, by commencing proceedings
in a forum that is not the designated court in the purported jurisdiction
agreement, would obviously deny that the jurisdiction agreement forms part of
the agreement or contract on the basis of which proceedings in the forum have
been commenced. This is a further reason why the Hai Jiang principle is not
one of general application but is instead a creature of specific factual
circumstances which warrant the grant of an anti-suit injunction on grounds
independent of the enforcement of a jurisdiction agreement.

APL’s inconsistent positions prevent it from establishing the EJC on a good
arguable case

31 In APL’s Defence (Jurisdiction), it is stated that APL “reserves its right
to aver, in the appropriate forum, that it does not have a contractual
relationship …, with [QVL]”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defence (Jurisdiction) at para 4.

In APL’s supporting affidavit filed in SUM 2878, it is stated in unequivocal
terms that “there is and was no contractual relationship between [QVL] and
[APL], whether express or implied”, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ang’s affidavit at para 11.

and that APL “does not have any records” of the MSA which QVL alleged had been
entered between itself and APL. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Ang’s affidavit at para 12.

Clearly, APL adopts as its primary position a complete denial of any
contractual relationship between itself and QVL. That being the case, I do not
see on what factual basis APL can allege the existence of the EJC and that it
governs the dispute in OC 495, and APL is necessarily far from showing a “good
arguable case” about the same. Both the CCA application and the stay
application, which was maintained by APL in the alternative, must fail for
this reason.

32 In submissions, APL argued that it is entitled to rely on the EJC,
notwithstanding its denial of any contractual relationship with QVL, because
it was QVL which chose to found its case on the MSA which, if it existed,
would have incorporated those standard terms and conditions containing the
EJC. In my view, QVL’s reliance on the MSA in OC 495 is neither here nor
there. To begin with, it is not QVL’s case that the MSA incorporated the EJC
and it is quite the opposite (see [17] above). To cite QVL’s reliance on the
MSA as a reason for invoking the EJC is to put the cart before the horse.
Importantly, in both CCA applications and stay applications, the onus is on
the applicant to establish that the exclusive jurisdiction agreement exists
and that it governs the dispute to which the proceedings relate. It is for APL
to make good its proposition about the EJC, and APL’s inconsistent positions
meant that it necessarily failed to discharge its burden of establishing the
EJC on the standard of a good arguable case.

33 Finally, I address QVL’s reliance on APL’s failure to challenge the
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts in HC/S 677/2019 (“S 677”), which were
High Court proceedings brought against APL by one Supersoft Limited, which was
also a user of APL’s payment processing services. Like OC 495, S 677 involved
an express contractual claim based on APL’s Merchant Service Agreement for
outstanding amounts owed by APL to the plaintiff in S 677. Similar to the MSA,
the Merchant Service Agreement in S 677 also made reference to APL’s standard
terms and conditions. In the event, S 677 was discontinued by consent. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Chen’s affidavit at paras 32 and 48.

QVL argued that APL’s failure to mount a jurisdictional challenge in S 677,
when contrasted with the position it has taken so far in OC 495, reveals an
evasive or inconsistent course of conduct, which meant that APL’s allegation
about the EJC in SUM 2878 ought to be treated with circumspect. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Claimant’s written submissions at paras 10–13.

I did not find this to be of assistance to QVL. There were many possibilities
as to why APL might have chosen to not mount a jurisdictional challenge in S
677 – it might have been that no exclusive jurisdiction agreement existed in
that case, but equally, it might also have been a result of APL’s decision to
not enforce any jurisdiction agreement that otherwise existed. Whether the EJC
exists and governs the dispute in OC 495 is to be determined squarely by
reference to the facts of the present case. The previous positions taken by
APL in S 677, a separate set of proceedings involving a different plaintiff,
can have no bearing on this question of proof.

The remaining issues in SUM 2878

34 Given my finding that APL failed to establish the EJC on the standard of a
good arguable case, it necessarily failed in both the CCA application and the
stay application, and in the circumstances it was unnecessary for me to
consider the issues arising at the second stage of the CCA application.
Nonetheless, as the parties had dedicated some part of their submissions to
this point, I make the following brief observations for completeness. To
recall, the question is whether the enforcement of the EJC would lead to
“manifest injustice” or be “manifestly contrary to the public policy of
Singapore”, thereby engaging s 12(1)(c) of the CCA, so that if the grounds for
a stay or dismissal of OC 495 were made out at the first stage of the CCA
application, it nevertheless ought to be refused.

35 As the High Court held in 6DM (S) Pte Ltd ([13] above) (at [60]), the
threshold for making out the “manifest injustice” or “manifestly contrary to
public policy” limbs in s 12(1)(c) is a high one – the “manifest injustice”
limb could cover the exceptional case where one of the parties would not get a
fair trial in the foreign State, or if there are other reasons specific to
that party which would preclude him from bringing or defending proceedings in
the chosen court, while the “public policy” limb covers cases where basic
policies of public order or norms of the State are violated with extremely
serious consequences. The party resisting the stay or dismissal must show that
the manifest injustice or violation of public policy is “highly probable” if
the exclusive choice of court agreement were enforced, and a mere speculative
possibility that something undesirable might happen was insufficient (see 6DM
(S) Pte Ltd at [61]). The words “manifest/manifestly” imply that any injustice
or violation of public policy arising from the enforcement of the exclusive
choice of court agreement must both be clear and extremely serious (see 6DM
(S) Pte Ltd at [61]).

36 In my view, neither of the limbs in s 12(1)(c) would have been engaged in
this case. In respect of the “manifest injustice” limb, this needs no further
explanation. That a stay or dismissal of OC 495 would put QVL to the
considerable expense of pursuing the action in one jurisdiction and then
require it to enforce any judgment obtained in another jurisdiction does not
give rise to a “manifest injustice”.

37 The “public policy” limb requires slightly more elaboration. QVL made
reference to Chapter 10 of the Penal Code 1871 (2020 Rev Ed), which provided
for offences relating to “Contempts of the lawful authority of public
servants”, as well as the relevant Parliamentary debates, and argued that
Singapore has a clear public policy against the deception of public
authorities and public servants. QVL pointed to e-mail reply sent by APL to
the MAS in November 2019, in which APL claimed that it owed no outstanding
amounts to QVL and all outstanding amounts in the account with QVL have been
fully settled (see also [6] above). QVL relied on that e-mail and argued that
APL’s representatives appear to have made false, inaccurate and/or misleading
statements to the MAS in connection with the surrender of its remittance
licence and subsequent ceasing of operations. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Chen’s affidavit at paras 50–52; Claimant’s written submissions at para 31.

It is only by allowing OC 495 to proceed in the Singapore courts, and by
allowing the Singapore courts to make findings and/or orders in relation to
APL’s conduct vis-à-vis the MAS at the material time would the identified
public policy be met. Enforcement of the EJC would run contrary to the
identified public policy because any such findings made in relation to APL’s
conduct may only be taken up by MAS if they were made by a Singapore court,
and the English courts have no connection or concern with the MAS.

38 As I understand QVL’s argument, the point of a trial in open court is that
APL’s alleged deception or false practices would be ventilated in public and
prompt the regulatory authorities to take follow up action. However, APL’s
alleged deception or false practices would equally come to light, whether the
action was tried in the Singapore or English courts. The only parties to the
proceedings in OC 495 are QVL and APL and even if APL is found by a Singapore
court to have engaged in the alleged deception or false practices, no part of
the court’s order or judgment can oblige the MAS to take any follow up action
against the MAS; it would be for the MAS to take notice of the court’s
findings and follow up with enforcement action against APL. That same outcome
would have followed if the action was tried in the English courts. Therefore,
in my view, the prospect of the MAS taking follow up action against APL
pursuant to any findings made against APL in a trial of QVL’s claim would not
be dependent on whether that trial took place in Singapore or in the UK. I
therefore do not see how the enforcement of the EJC would in any way be
contrary to the public policy identified by QVL, bearing in mind that what QVL
had to show was a “high probability” that the identified public policy would
be violated.

Conclusion

39 To conclude, I dismissed SUM 2878 on the basis that APL had failed to
establish the existence of the EJC on the standard of a good arguable case,
which meant it necessarily failed in the CCA application and in the stay
application that was maintained in the alternative. I also ordered APL to pay
QVL costs of $9,000 and disbursements of $3,151.03. In respect of an
application of this nature, the Guidelines for Party-and-Party Costs Awards in
Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2021 provide for a costs
range of $6,000 to $21,000. In this case, I accepted that $10,000 was an
appropriate starting point for the quantification of costs. Although the
factual issues raised in the parties’ affidavits were relatively
straightforward, the legal issues raised in SUM 2878 were somewhat involved
and the parties also addressed quite a number of legal authorities in their
written and oral submissions. I considered a downward adjustment of $1,000
from the starting point to $9,000 appropriate as I had found against QVL in
respect of its arguments on s 12(1)(c) of the CCA, and some part of the
parties’ written and oral submissions had been dedicated to that issue.

Perry Peh  
Assistant Registrar|  
---|---  
  
Esther Lim and Glenn Ang (Braddell Brothers LLP) for the claimant;

Joshua Chow (IRB Law LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 29 Nov 2023 (08:42 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

