Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 24

Originating Summons No 268 of 2022 (Registrar’s Appeal No 219 of 2022)

Between

| CSO  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| CSP  
---|---  
(2)| CSQ  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil procedure — Privileges — Without prejudice privilege]

[Evidence — Admissibility of evidence]

[Evidence — Proof of evidence — Admissions]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CSO

  
v

  

CSP and another

[2023] SGHC 24

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 268 of 2022
(Registrar’s Appeal No 219 of 2022)  
Andre Maniam J  
8 August 2022

8 February 2023

Andre Maniam J:

Introduction

1 “Generally, communications between parties which are made on a ‘without
prejudice’ basis in the course of negotiations for a settlement are not
admissible”: Quek Kheng Leong Nicky and another v Teo Beng Ngoh and others and
another appeal [2009] 4 SLR(R) 181 (“Nicky Quek”) at [22].

2 One basis of the common law principle relating to the admissibility of
“without prejudice” communications is the policy of encouraging settlements:
Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd v Dextra Asia Co Ltd and another (“Mariwu”)
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 807 at [24], [28] and [30]. That policy was articulated in
these terms by Oliver LJ in Cutts v Head [1984] Ch 290 (“Cutts v Head”) at
306: “parties should be encouraged so far as possible to settle their disputes
without resort to litigation and should not be discouraged by the knowledge
that anything that is said in the course of such negotiations (and that
includes, of course, as much the failure to reply to an offer as an actual
reply) may be used to their prejudice in the course of the proceedings”.
[emphasis added]. This policy has been affirmed by the House of Lords in Rush
& Tompkins Ltd v Greater London Council [1989] AC 1280 (“Rush & Tompkins”) at
1299, and by our Court of Appeal in Mariwu (cited above); see also Sin Lian
Heng Construction Pte Ltd v Singapore Telecommunications Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R)
433 (“Sin Lian Heng”) at [9] and [49].

3 The common law “without prejudice” principle finds statutory expression in s
23 of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “Evidence Act”). Section 23(1)
of the Evidence Act provides as follows:

Admissions in civil cases when relevant

23.—(1) In civil cases, no admission is relevant if it is made —

(a) upon an express condition that evidence of it is not to be given; or

(b) upon circumstances from which the court can infer that the parties agreed
together that evidence of it should not be given.

4 At common law, “anything that is said” in the course of “without prejudice”
negotiations is privileged (Cutts v Head, quoted at [2] above). The court does
not “dissect out identifiable admissions and withhold protection from the rest
of without prejudice communications” (per Walker LJ in Unilever Plc v Procter
& Gamble Co [2000] 1 WLR 2436 (“Unilever”) at 2448–2449). This may be
described as the Broad Approach to “without prejudice” privilege.

5 Section 23(1) of the Evidence Act, however, only refers to “admissions” not
being relevant. Does the Evidence Act thereby oust the Broad Approach, such
that only admissions made in the course of “without prejudice” communications
are privileged?

6 I decided that neither s 23(1) of the Evidence Act nor binding local case
authority limits the common law in that regard: the privilege protects the
whole of “without prejudice” communications, not only admissions.

Background

Facts

7 The first defendant was engaged as the contractor for a project. In turn,
the first defendant engaged the plaintiff to supply equipment for the project,
pursuant to a supply contract.

8 The plaintiff provided the first defendant with a guarantee (issued by the
second defendant bank) in respect of the performance of the plaintiff’s
obligations under the supply contract. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st affidavit of plaintiff’s representative dated 22 March 2022 (“plaintiff’s
supporting affidavit”) at para 14(2).

The validity of the guarantee was successively extended, the last expiry date
being 24 March 2022. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st affidavit of first defendant’s representative dated 8 May 2022 (“first
defendant’s reply affidavit”) at paras 46, 76 and 85.

9 The first defendant procured a letter of credit (“LC”) in favour of the
plaintiff, pursuant to which certain sums would be paid to the plaintiff for
the plaintiff’s performance of the supply contract. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit at para 13(3)(b).

The first defendant was entitled to deduct and retain 7% of every approved
payment as retention money. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit at para 13(4).

The retention money was to be paid by the first defendant to the plaintiff
within 30 days of provisional acceptance occurring under the supply contract.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit at para 13(4).

Disputes arose between the plaintiff and the first defendant, including as to
whether provisional acceptance had occurred under the supply contract, and
what further payments the plaintiff was entitled to.

10 On or around 18 March 2022, the first defendant called on the guarantee, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

First defendant’s reply affidavit at para 108.

alleging that the plaintiff had failed to fulfil its obligations under the
supply contract, and that provisional acceptance under the supply contract had
not been achieved.

The court proceedings

The plaintiff’s application and supporting affidavit

11 On 22 March 2022, the plaintiff filed HC/OS 268/2022 (“OS 268”) for an
injunction to, inter alia, restrain the second defendant bank from paying on
the guarantee and the first defendant from receiving payment. The plaintiff
also filed HC/SUM 1115/2022 (“SUM 1115”) for an interim injunction to the same
effect. The interim injunction was granted on 23 March 2022.

12 The plaintiff filed an affidavit in support of OS 268 and SUM 1115, which
made the following points:

(a) “Although [the plaintiff] had informed [the first defendant] on or around
20 February 2020 that it would be making a claim under the Letter of Credit
for the Retention Money, as far as [the plaintiff] is aware, [the first
defendant] did not take any steps to extend the Letter of Credit and/or to
prevent the [LC-issuing bank] from returning the Retention Money (withheld
under the Letter of Credit) to [the plaintiff] in full. [The first
defendant’s] conduct in allowing the Retention Money to be returned to [the
plaintiff] in full without objection to the [LC-issuing bank] clearly
demonstrates that [the first defendant] accepts that Provisional Acceptance
has occurred …”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit at para 27.

(b) After the plaintiff wrote to the first defendant on 23 January 2020
stating that provisional acceptance under the supply contract would be
achieved on 23 February 2020, the first defendant replied by way of a letter
dated 6 March 2020, in which it “merely stated that it disagreed with [the
plaintiff], pointing to the fact that the Scheduled Date of the Performance
Test has not been defined under the Supply Contract. Importantly, [the first
defendant] did not take issue with the Retention Money being returned by the
[LC-issuing bank].” 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit at paras 25 and 28.

13 The plaintiff thereby made two assertions (the “plaintiff’s Assertions”),
namely that:

(a) the first defendant did not take any steps to extend the LC (the “first
Assertion”); and

(b) the first defendant did not take issue with the retention money being
returned to the plaintiff (the “second Assertion”).

14 The plaintiff’s Assertions were made in the context of the plaintiff
seeking an injunction on the basis that the first defendant’s call on the
guarantee was unconscionable. The plaintiff argued as follows: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit at para 57.

(a) the first defendant sought to justify its call on the guarantee by
asserting that provisional acceptance under the supply contract had not
occurred, and that the plaintiff’s failure to extend the guarantee when
provisional acceptance had not occurred was a breach of the supply contract;
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit at para 52.

(b) the plaintiff’s case is that provisional acceptance under the supply
contract had occurred; 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit at para 25.

(c) the retention money was paid to the plaintiff on or around 9 March 2020,
which was to happen only if provisional acceptance had occurred; 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit at para 26.

(d) to the best of the plaintiff’s knowledge, the first defendant did not take
any steps to extend the LC, nor did it take issue with the retention money
being returned to the plaintiff by the bank (the plaintiff’s Assertions); and

(e) the first defendant’s contemporaneous conduct was thus inconsistent with
its subsequent assertion that provisional acceptance had not been achieved;
the first defendant did not genuinely believe that provisional acceptance had
not been achieved and that the contract had been breached, and as such, its
call on the guarantee was unconscionable.

The first defendant’s reply affidavit

15 The first defendant filed an affidavit which responded to the plaintiff’s
Assertions.

16 Part of the response was by reference to open correspondence, in
particular, the 6 March 2020 letter stating that the first defendant did not
think that provisional acceptance should be deemed to have occurred (see
[12(b)] above). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s supporting affidavit at Tab 17, p 1120.

17 The first defendant however went further, saying that it had earlier (in
February 2020) sought the plaintiff’s agreement to extend the LC, and taken
issue with the release of the retention money. This entailed reference to five
emails in the period of 17 to 21 February 2020 (the “Disputed Emails”), which
the first defendant referred to and exhibited in its reply affidavit. Each of
those emails had the subject header “Settlement/Gentlemen Agreement”, and
individually they made the following points: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

First defendant’s reply affidavit at paras 50 to 56 and Tabs 21 to 23, pp 1282
to 1289.

(a) On 17 February 2020, the first defendant stated,

… in view that the equipment has not been commissioned and conducted [sic] the
performance tests, so I suggest that both parties discuss the settlement as
soon as possible and the remaining payments under the LC to be postponed.

We can extend the LC first and when we discuss the settlement, let’s see what
we can do in next step.

(b) On 20 February 2020, the plaintiff said that a postponement of the last
payment would have been possible only with a contract amendment, which the
parties had failed to agree on. Therefore, the plaintiff’s management had
instructed that the contract be followed and the final invoice be sent to the
bank, ie, the plaintiff would be claiming the retention money under the LC.

(c) The first defendant replied the same day to “clearly state [its] position”
that “[f]or the remaining payments, we think the conditions for those payments
are not fulfilled according to the Contract. Now the project has not start
[sic] the performance tests, therefore, these two payments shall not be made
as per the Contract and we disagree for [sic] your claim on remaining
payments.”

(d) The plaintiff replied the same day to say that the only way to postpone
the contractual due payment would have been an amendment and therefore they
had pushed to finalise the “gentlemen agreement”, but without success.

(e) On 21 February 2020, the first defendant replied to say:

… [T]he remaining payments are not due as per the Contract.

And also, the settlement has not agreed [sic] by both parties so that the
Contract Price is pending and the amount of remaining payment to [the
plaintiff] is not finalised.

That’s why we think the LC shall be extended firstly.

[emphasis added]

In the text of its reply affidavit, the first defendant described this 21
February 2020 reply as reiterating its position that provisional acceptance
had not been achieved. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

First defendant’s reply affidavit at para 54.

The plaintiff’s striking out application

18 The plaintiff applied by HC/SUM 2046/2022 (“SUM 2046”) to strike out the
Disputed Emails as exhibits to the first defendant’s reply affidavit, as well
as paragraphs 50 to 56 of the affidavit which referred to them. The plaintiff
contended that the Disputed Emails were covered by “without prejudice”
privilege, and so the first defendant could not put them into evidence, or
refer to their contents.

The assistant registrar’s decision

19 The application failed at first instance. The assistant registrar who heard
the application decided as follows:

(a) the first defendant could put portions of the Disputed Emails into
evidence to rebut the plaintiff’s Assertions; and

(b) in the first place, the portions of the Disputed Emails which the first
defendant relied upon were never covered by “without prejudice” privilege.

My decision on the registrar’s appeal

20 I dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal against the assistant registrar’s
decision:

(a) I agreed with the assistant registrar that the first defendant could put
portions of the Disputed Emails into evidence to rebut the plaintiff’s
Assertions;

(b) however, I did not agree with the assistant registrar that those portions
of the Disputed Emails were never covered by “without prejudice” privilege: I
considered that they were privileged in the first place, but that the first
defendant could rely on an exception to the privilege, the Delay/Acquiescence
Exception, “to explain delay or apparent acquiescence” (Unilever at 2444–2445,
exception (5); accepted by the Court of Appeal in Nicky Quek at [23]).

21 I also limited the portions of the Disputed Emails that the first defendant
could rely on, excluding portions that did not relate to the plaintiff’s
Assertions. At the hearing before me, counsel for the first defendant accepted
that the relevant portions, as limited by me (the “Relevant Portions”), were
sufficient for the first defendant’s purposes.

The appeals

22 Both parties sought and obtained permission to appeal.

23 By AD/CA 98/2022, the plaintiff appeals against my decision that the first
defendant could rely on portions of the Disputed Emails to rebut the
plaintiff’s Assertions.

24 The first defendant is satisfied with my decision, but by AD/CA 99/2022 the
first defendant appeals against part of my reasons, namely, that the Relevant
Portions of the Disputed Emails were covered by “without prejudice” privilege.
In effect, the first defendant seeks to affirm my decision on an additional
ground that did not find favour with me, an appeal of the type considered in L
Capital Jones Ltd and another v Maniach Pte Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 312 at [65].

25 If the plaintiff’s appeal fails because an exception to “without prejudice”
privilege applies, that would render moot the first defendant’s appeal. I will
thus address the plaintiff’s appeal first.

Issues

26 I address the following main issues:

(a) whether the Delay/Acquiescence Exception applies in this case; and

(b) whether the Relevant Portions of the Disputed Emails were privileged in
the first place.

The Delay/Acquiescence Exception applied in this case

27 Although I found that the Disputed Emails were subject to “without
prejudice” privilege to begin with (as I explain below from [46]), I decided
that an exception to “without prejudice” privilege applied – namely, the
Delay/Acquiescence Exception.

The Delay/Acquiescence Exception

28 The Delay/Acquiescence Exception was stated by Walker LJ in Unilever at
2444–2445: that a party could refer to “without prejudice” communications “to
explain delay or apparent acquiescence”. In this regard, I considered that the
concept of “delay” included not only belated action, but also complete
inaction: here, the non-extension of the LC, which the plaintiff alleged to be
due to the first defendant not taking any steps to extend it.

29 Those pages of Walker LJ’s judgment in Unilever were cited by the Court of
Appeal in Nicky Quek at [23] as setting out “the most important instances” of
the exceptions to “without prejudice” privilege.

30 Walker LJ noted that in Walker v Wilsher (1889) 23 QBD 335, Lindley LJ (at
338) had regarded the Delay/Acquiescence Exception as limited in its effect,
as excepting the fact and dates of negotiations from being privileged.
However, Walker LJ doubted the generality of this proposition, commenting that
“occasionally, fuller evidence is needed in order to give the court a fair
picture of the rights and wrongs of the delay”. The Court of Appeal in Nicky
Quek accepted the exceptions as formulated by Walker LJ in Unilever.

31 The plaintiff cited Soon Peng Yam and another (trustees of the Chinese
Swimming Club) v Maimon bte Ahmad [1995] 1 SLR(R) 279 (“Soon Peng Yam”) at
[21] to suggest that Singapore law only recognises the Delay/Acquiescence
Exception in its narrow form (based on Walker v Wilsher), rather than the
broader formulation set out in Unilever. The court in Soon Peng Yam did not
however have to decide whether the Delay/Acquiescence Exception might extend
to contents of “without prejudice” negotiations. In that case, the appellants
sought to adduce certain “without prejudice” letters for the mere fact that
negotiations (on the matter in question) had taken place – and the court
agreed that that could be done. As the appellants accepted that the contents
of the “without prejudice” letter were not admissible, it was not in issue
whether the appellants might also have referred to those contents.

32 The decision in Soon Peng Yam also predates the formulation of the
exceptions in Unilever and the endorsement of that formulation in Nicky Quek.

The application of the Delay/Acquiescence Exception to this case

33 In the present case, the first defendant could minimally rely on the narrow
form of the Delay/Acquiescence Exception to say that in the period of 17 to 21
February 2020, the plaintiff and the first defendant were engaged in “without
prejudice” negotiations regarding the payments to be made by the first
defendant to the plaintiff. That would go some way towards rebutting the
plaintiff’s second Assertion that the first defendant had not taken issue with
the plaintiff being paid the retention money.

34 This was, however, a case where (as Walker LJ put it in Unilever) fuller
evidence was needed to give the court a fair picture of the rights and wrongs
of the delay (or inaction, I would add).

35 In response to the plaintiff’s second Assertion that the first defendant
had not taken issue with the plaintiff being paid the retention money, the
first defendant could point to the fact of negotiations about payment; but the
first defendant should also be allowed to say that it had expressed
disagreement with the plaintiff’s claim for the remaining payments, and that
it had stated that the amount of the remaining payments due to the plaintiff
had not been finalised.

36 The plaintiff had also made the first Assertion that the LC had not been
extended because the first defendant had not taken any steps to extend it.
Given that the plaintiff had put in issue the reason for the LC not being
extended (ie, the rights and wrongs of the delay/inaction), the first
defendant should be allowed to respond by showing that in the course of
“without prejudice” negotiations it had proposed to extend the LC, but the
plaintiff had opposed that extension, and that is why the LC was not extended.
If the first defendant were limited to referring to the dates and fact of
negotiations about payments, the court would not have a fair picture of why
the LC had not been extended.

37 McFadden v Snow (1952) 69 WN (NSW) 8 (followed in Pitts v Adney [1961] NSWR
535 at 539) is a similar case. There was an issue in McFadden v Snow as to
whether one Ms Jobson had surrendered her tenancy to the claimant. The
claimant sought to prove that she did, by adducing a letter from him to her to
this effect. The letter referred to evidence given by Ms Jobson in earlier
proceedings that she claimed no interest in the property. It further expressed
the claimant’s acceptance of Ms Jobson’s abandonment of rights in the tenancy.
Crucially, the claimant asserted that he had received no reply to his letter.
The court said (at 10) that this would have been “highly significant for the
purpose of establishing an admission (by silence) [that] Ms Jobson had
surrendered her tenancy”.

38 The truth, however, was that following the claimant’s letter, Ms Jobson’s
solicitors did write to the claimant, but that letter was marked “without
prejudice”. The contents of the letter were inconsistent with Ms Jobson having
surrendered the tenancy. The court admitted the letter into evidence, to
“negative the inference that otherwise might quite erroneously have been
raised in [the] claimant’s favour” (at 10). It dismissed the claimant’s
objection that the reply could not be admitted as it was marked “without
prejudice”. It refused to allow “the cloak of ‘without prejudice’” to be
“abused for the purpose of misleading the court” (at 10). If the court had
merely allowed Ms Jobson to refer to the date and fact of her solicitors’
letter, Ms Jobson could have rebutted the claimant’s assertion that he had
received no correspondence from Ms Jobson after his letter to her, but the
court would still not have a fair picture of the matter if it did not know
what the letter from Ms Jobson’s solicitors said.

39 Allowing the contents of the Disputed Emails to be put in evidence (to the
extent they related to the plaintiff’s Assertions) would not offend the public
policy underlying the “without prejudice” principle. In Muller v Linsley &
Mortimer [1996] PNLR 74 at 79–80 (cited in Unilever at 2443), Hoffmann LJ
suggested that many of the exceptions to “without prejudice” privilege involve
communications relevant for the mere fact that they were made, rather than the
truth of what is stated or admitted.

40 In the present case, the first defendant wished to mention:

(a) the fact that it had proposed to extend the LC, pointing out that the
parties were still in negotiations about what the plaintiff should be paid;
and

(b) the fact that the first defendant had expressed disagreement with the
plaintiff’s claim for the remaining payments, and stated that the amount of
the remaining payments due to the plaintiff had not been finalised.

41 The first defendant’s statements on those points were relevant for the mere
fact that they were made, and not because of the truth of what was stated.

42 On a related note, at the core of the “without prejudice” principle is the
protection of admissions against a party’s interest being used against that
party thereafter (Unilever at 2448). Allowing the first defendant to refer to
its own statements in the Disputed Emails would not go against that.

43 As for the first defendant also wishing to refer to the plaintiff’s
statements that the plaintiff would not agree to extend the LC unless the
negotiations culminated in agreement on a contract amendment (see [17(b)] and
[17(d)] above), those statements would contain an admission by the plaintiff
that it was willing to negotiate. Indeed, a genuine intimation that a party is
willing to negotiate a settlement of an existing dispute is a sufficient
“admission” to make communications “without prejudice” in nature: Sin Lian
Heng at [22]–[39]; Ernest Ferdinand Perez De La Sala v Compañia De Navegación
Palomar, SA and others and other appeals [2018] 1 SLR 894 (“Ernest Ferdinand”)
at [67]–[69], and [89]–[95].

44 It would, however, not go against the policy objective of “without
prejudice” privilege to allow the first defendant to rely on the plaintiff’s
rejection of the first defendant’s proposal to extend the LC, to rebut the
plaintiff’s first Assertion that the LC was not extended because the first
defendant did not take any steps to extend it. That the parties were in
“without prejudice” negotiations (and that the plaintiff was willing to
negotiate) would already have been evident even before one turned to the fact
that the plaintiff rejected the first defendant’s proposal. The first of the
five Disputed Emails, which came from the first defendant, already made
references to settlement discussions. Moreover, as discussed above at [36], as
the plaintiff had sought to blame the first defendant for the LC not being
extended, the first defendant was justified in providing fuller evidence to
give the court a fair picture of why the LC had not been extended.

45 Given these findings, I was satisfied that the first defendant should be
allowed to rely on the fact, dates and contents of the Disputed Emails, but
with reliance on the contents limited to those of the Relevant Portions ( see
[42]–[44] above).

The Relevant Portions of the Disputed Emails were privileged in the first
place

46 Having dealt with the thrust of the plaintiff’s appeal, I turn to discuss
the first defendant’s appeal.

47 In giving permission to appeal, the Appellate Division framed various
issues to be addressed by the parties:

The applications are allowed because of the following question of general
principle to be decided for the first time:

(a) Whether, in respect of without prejudice privilege, the broad approach
stated in Unilever Plc v The Procter & Gamble Co [2000] 1 WLR 2436 that
communications between negotiating parties are protected by without prejudice
privilege as a whole and the court should not dissect parts of such
communications as not being protected by such privilege (the “Broad
Approach”), or the narrow approach in which only those parts of such
communications which are admissions within the meaning of ss 17(1) read with
23 of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”) are protected by
without prejudice privilege, applies in Singapore?

In answering (a), both applicants are to address the following sub-questions:

(i) Whether the Broad Approach engages s 23 of the Evidence Act and the two
requirements for without prejudice privilege to apply set out in Ernest
Ferdinand Perez De La Sala v Compania De Navegacion Palomar, SA [2018] 1 SLR
894 (“Ernest Ferdinand”) (at [67] and [89]), viz, that (a) the communications
(in respect of which privilege is claimed) must arise in the course of genuine
negotiations to settle a dispute and (b) the communications must constitute or
involve an admission against the maker’s interest?

(ii) If (i) is answered in the affirmative, does the Broad Approach sit
harmoniously with s 23 of the Evidence Act and/or the second requirement set
out in Ernest Ferdinand?

(iii) Are there exceptions to the Broad Approach and what are their limits, if
any?

48 I thus address:

(a) whether the Broad Approach (of protecting the whole of “without prejudice”
communications, and not just admissions) is the position at common law;

(b) whether the Broad Approach is precluded by s 23(1) of the Evidence Act;

(c) whether the Broad Approach is precluded by the Court of Appeal’s decision
in Ernest Ferdinand;

(d) what are the exceptions to the Broad Approach; in particular, whether the
Delay/Acquiescence Exception is an exception; and

(e) whether the Relevant Portions of the Disputed Emails would have been
privileged in the first place, even if the privilege only covered admissions.

The Broad Approach to “without prejudice” privilege is the position at common
law

49 The Broad Approach is the position under English law: see Cutts v Head,
Rush & Tompkins, and Unilever, cited at [2] and [4] above.

50 The Broad Approach has also been accepted in other common law
jurisdictions:

(a) Australia: Yokogawa Australia Pty Ltd and Others v Alstom Power Ltd [2009]
SASC 377 (SA) at [98]–[100];

(b) Hong Kong: Poon Loi Tak (the administrator of the late Poon Nuen,
deceased) v Poon Loi Cheung Desmond [2020] 1 HKLRD 511 at [19] and [22]; and

(c) Canada: Phoa Estate v Ley [2020] AJ No 555 (Alta) at [27]–[28].

51 In Unilever, Walker LJ explained (at 2448–2449) that the Broad Approach
furthers the public policy objective of encouraging settlements; indeed,
protecting only admissions (and not the whole of “without prejudice”
communications) would go against that policy:

… the modern cases, especially Cutts v Head, Rush & Tompkins Ltd v Greater
London Council and Muller v Linsley & Mortimer … make clear that the without
prejudice rule is founded partly in public policy and partly in the agreement
of the parties. They show that the protection of admissions against interest
is the most important practical effect of the rule. But to dissect out
identifiable admissions and withhold protection from the rest of without
prejudice communications (except for a special reason) would not only create
huge practical difficulties but would be contrary to the underlying objective
of giving protection to the parties, in the words of Lord Griffiths in the
Rush & Tompkins case [1989] AC 1280, 1300: ‘to speak freely about all issues
in the litigation both factual and legal when seeking compromise and, for the
purpose of establishing a basis of compromise, admitting certain facts.’
Parties cannot speak freely at a without prejudice meeting if they must
constantly monitor every sentence, with lawyers or patent agents sitting at
their shoulders as minders.

52 In Sin Lian Heng, Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) cited the above
portion of Walker LJ’s judgment in part, to support his decision that “without
prejudice” privilege would continue to apply to negotiations on quantum even
if there had been an admission of liability (which would not be privileged).

53 Menon JC first agreed with the policy rationale stated in Cutts v Head (and
approved of in Rush & Tompkins) that “parties should be encouraged so far as
possible to settle their disputes without resort to litigation and should not
be discouraged by the knowledge that anything that is said in the course of
such negotiations … may be used to their prejudice in the course of the
proceedings” (at [49]). He decided that that rationale “applies with equal
force to negotiations on quantum where there is a real dispute over this …
even though one party may have admitted to liability” (at [50]).

54 At [51]–[52] he then cited Walker LJ’s judgment in Unilever as support for
his decision as a matter of principle:

51 In my judgment, the same result can also be seen to be justified in
principle. In Unilever ([12] supra), Robert Walker LJ stated that it would be
undesirable to ‘dissect out identifiable admissions and withhold protection
from the rest of without prejudice communications’. The rationale for this
proposition is that if there is a risk that some part of the communications
that take place in circumstances where the parties are trying to come to a
settlement may later be found not to be privileged, it would inhibit the
discussions as a practical matter. In my judgment, the same sort of practical
difficulties would arise if the ‘without prejudice’ rule were held not to
apply to negotiations directed at settling disputes on quantum.

52 One can quite easily imagine a situation where negotiations both as to
liability and quantum are conducted on the same plane and at the same time. If
the negotiations in respect of liability succeed, but those as to quantum
break down and the matter proceeds to trial for an assessment of damages, it
would be patently unfair for evidence of such negotiations to be admitted. As
observed by Robert Walker LJ in Unilever at 796:

Parties cannot speak freely at a without prejudice meeting if they must
constantly monitor every sentence, with lawyers or patent agents sitting at
their shoulders as minders.

[emphasis in original]

55 The outcome in Unilever turned on the application of the Broad Approach.
Unilever had pleaded that Procter & Gamble had made a threat actionable under
the UK Patents Act 1977 (c 37). However, that threat (if it had been made)
would have been made during a “without prejudice” meeting. The judge at first
instance struck out the “threat” pleading as an abuse of process, and that was
upheld by the English Court of Appeal.

56 Walker LJ (with whom the other lord justices agreed) applied the Broad
Approach to preclude Unilever from referring to the threat as it was made
during a “without prejudice” meeting. Although the threat was not an
admission, by applying the Broad Approach the whole of the “without prejudice”
communications would be privileged, as Walker LJ explained (at 2443–2444 and
2449):

… I have no doubt that busy practitioners are acting prudently in making the
general working assumption that the [‘without prejudice’] rule, if not
‘sacred’ (Hoghton v Hoghton (1852) 15 Beav 278, 321), has a wide and
compelling effect. That is particularly true where the ‘without prejudice’
communications in question consist not of letters or other written documents
but of wide-ranging unscripted discussions during a meeting which may have
lasted several hours.

At a meeting of that sort the discussions between the parties’ representatives
may contain a mixture of admissions and half-admissions against a party’s
interest, more or less confident assertions of a party’s case, offers,
counter-offers, and statements (which might be characterised as threats or as
thinking aloud) about future plans and possibilities. As Simon Brown LJ put it
in the course of argument, a threat of infringement proceedings may be deeply
embedded in negotiations for a compromise solution. Partial disclosure of the
minutes of such a meeting may be, as Leggatt LJ put it in Muller v Linsley &
Mortimer [1996] PNLR 74, 81, a concept as implausible as the curate’s egg
(which was good in parts). As it happens, the minutes of the Frankfurt meeting
are exhibited in redacted form in which the redacted parts of the document
appear to amount to about 90 per cent of its contents.

…

In my judgment the judge was right to conclude that it would be an abuse of
process for Unilever to be allowed to plead anything that was said at the
meeting either as a threat or as a claim of right. The circumstances were such
that each side was entitled to expect to be able to speak freely, and their
agreement to the meeting being arranged evinces that common intention. I
would, if necessary, base my conclusion on the parties’ agreement to extend
the normal ambit of the rule based on public policy. But I do not think it is
necessary to go that far. The Frankfurt meeting was undoubtedly an occasion
covered by the normal rule based on public policy, and the pleading of the
threat (or claim of right) has not been shown to come within any recognised
exception. …

57 Walker LJ recognised (at 2448) that “the protection of admissions against
interest is the most important practical effect of the rule”, but admissions
are not the only communications that “without prejudice” privilege would
cover.

58 Admissions against interest made during “without prejudice” negotiations
might be seized upon by the opposing party if they were not privileged, and it
is “thus in the overall spirit of encouraging negotiations that parties be
sufficiently protected when they ‘lay their cards on the table’” (Sin Lian
Heng at [43]). Admissions against interest are, however, not the only
communications made during “without prejudice” negotiations that might
prejudice their author if the communications were not protected by privilege.
One example would be actionable threats such as that pleaded in Unilever.
Likewise, a party might during negotiations assert a claim or defence that is
not later pursued in court proceedings – it should not be prejudiced by the
other party being able to make forensic use of that discrepancy. So too, if an
exaggerated claim sum is put forward in negotiations, or if a party emphasises
the strength of his case to an unreasonable extent, or indeed in an
unreasonable manner. It would encourage settlements if the whole of “without
prejudice” communications are protected, and not merely admissions against
interest.

59 The Broad Approach furthers the objective of encouraging settlements, as a
matter of policy and principle; and it is the position at common law. Is the
Broad Approach, however, precluded in Singapore by the Evidence Act or by
binding authority (in particular, the Court of Appeal’s decision in Ernest
Ferdinand)?

The Broad Approach is not precluded by s 23(1) of the Evidence Act

60 Section 2(2) of the Evidence Act provides that “[a]ll rules of evidence not
contained in any written law, so far as such rules are inconsistent with any
of the provisions of this Act, are repealed”.

61 However, s 23(1) (which is reproduced at [3] above) has been described as
“a statutory enactment of the common law principle relating to the
admissibility of ‘without prejudice’ communications based on the policy of
encouraging settlements”: Mariwu at [24] (the applicable section at the time
was s 23 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act (1997 Rev
Ed)”), but this is in pari materia with s 23(1) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020
Rev Ed)). One would expect the common law “without prejudice” principle not to
be inconsistent with its statutory enactment in s 23(1).

62 That was indeed the conclusion reached by the Court of Appeal in Mariwu, in
relation to the application of the common law principle to third parties (ie,
parties other than the parties to the negotiations). The court noted at [25]
that s 23 of the Evidence Act (1997 Rev Ed) “only refers to situations where
it is the parties to the negotiations themselves who are attempting to renege
on an express or implied agreement not to use admissions made in the course of
negotiations against each other. The admissions in such cases are not
relevant.” [emphasis added].

63 The court went on to hold at [27]–[28] that s 23 cannot refer to the
situation where a third party is involved; that situation was governed by the
common law. Given the court’s interpretation that the rationale of the s 23
privilege was to encourage settlements, the court saw no inconsistency between
that section and the common law principle as stated in Rush & Tompkins.

64 Mariwu was followed in Krishna Kumaran s/o K Ramakrishnan v Kuppusamy s/o
Ramakrishnan [2014] 4 SLR 232 (“Krishna”), where the High Court applied the
common law “without prejudice” principle to cover a communication made to a
messenger or informal mediator between the two disputing parties. Krishna was
then approved by the Court of Appeal in Ernest Ferdinand at [98].

65 In Mariwu at [24] the court recognised that the “without prejudice”
principle at common law has two justifications – first, the public policy of
encouraging parties to negotiate and settle their disputes out of court; and
second, an agreement between the parties that their negotiations should not be
introduced into evidence. It then observed at [26] that section 23 of the
Evidence Act (1997 Rev Ed) places emphasis on the second reason, “agreement”:
be it express agreement (now s 23(1)(a) of the Evidence Act (2020 Rev Ed)) or
inferred agreement (now s 23(1)(b)).

66 However, this did not mean that the public policy rationale was of no
relevance to s 23. Although s 23 places emphasis on agreement, the court in
Mariwu further held at [24] and [28] that the rationale of the s 23 privilege
was to encourage settlements, ie, s 23 has the same rationale as the common
law “without prejudice” principle. That in turn entails applying the Broad
Approach, as Walker LJ explained in Unilever at 2448–2449 (quoted above at
[51]).

67 Given that s 23 and the common law “without prejudice” principle have the
same rationale (ie, public policy and agreement of parties), the common law
principle (and the Broad Approach) is not inconsistent with s 23.

68 In Mariwu, the court reasoned that s 23 cannot refer to the situation where
a third party is involved, but that the common law principle could and would
still apply to that situation. On a parity of reasoning, as between the
parties to the negotiations, s 23 only refers to admissions; if the “without
prejudice” communications contain more than just admissions, the common law
still applies to make the whole of the “without prejudice” communications
privileged.

The Broad Approach is not precluded by Ernest Ferdinand

69 An issue in Ernest Ferdinand was whether a certain letter between lawyers
was “without prejudice” in nature. The Court of Appeal agreed with the trial
judge that for the letter to be “without prejudice” in nature:

(a) “the communications (in respect of which privilege is claimed) must arise
in the course of genuine negotiations to settle a dispute”; and

(b) “the communication must constitute or involve an admission against the
maker’s interest” [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

([67] read with [89] of the Court of Appeal’s decision, quoting from [489] of
the first instance decision published as [2017] SGHC 14)

70 The Court of Appeal however disagreed with the trial judge’s application of
those principles. The judge had held that the letter was “without prejudice”
in nature as it was a genuine invitation to negotiate a settlement, but the
Court of Appeal considered that taking the 11-page letter as a whole, it
conveyed little in the way of an invitation to negotiate a settlement –
instead, the letter gave the impression that its author was trying to exert
pressure on the recipient to acquiesce in the maker’s demands (at [89]–[94]).

71 Significantly, the Court of Appeal observed that if two paragraphs (which
the court quoted at [92]) were the only mention of criminal consequences, the
court might not have thought them unusual in a letter concerning settlement
negotiations; however, practically the entirety of the letter’s 11 pages,
comprising 55 paragraphs, was devoted to an analysis of wrongdoing and replete
with statements regarding wrongdoing and consequences (at [93]). Like the
trial judge, the Court of Appeal considered whether the letter was privileged,
and there was no suggestion that if certain paragraphs in the letter comprised
statements about criminal consequences, rather than admissions against the
author’s interest, then those paragraphs would not be privileged.

72 It follows that a communication may be “without prejudice” in nature even
if some parts of it are not admissions, but instead statements about the other
party’s wrongdoing and the consequences thereof. That is consistent with the
Broad Approach – if an objective inquiry based on the whole content and
circumstances of the communication (Ernest Ferdinand at [90]) shows that the
communication was made with the purpose of inviting negotiations for a
settlement, that communication would be “without prejudice” in nature. The
court would not then parse the communication to identify admissions as the
only contents that are privileged, leaving the other aspects of the
communication (references to wrongdoing and consequences, or portions
emphasising the strength of a party’s own case – at [90] – and the like)
unprotected by privilege.

73 Indeed, the very formulation of the second pre-requisite (Ernest Ferdinand
at [67]) that “the communication must constitute or involve an admission
against the maker’s interest” [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]
itself shows that admissions are not the only aspects that are privileged. It
is not only communications that “constitute” admissions that are privileged;
communications that “involve” admissions (and also involve non-admissions) are
privileged too.

74 The Court of Appeal (at [86]) noted the argument that “the broader purpose
of without prejudice privilege is to provide parties with a general freedom to
negotiate, and therefore things which go beyond admissions against interest
should be capable of being protected” [emphasis added]. The court did not
disagree with this. On the contrary, the court (at [68] and [90]) approved of
the observations in Schering Corporation v CIPLA Ltd [2004] EWHC 2587 (Ch)
(“Schering”) , a decision that applied the Broad Approach.

75 In Schering, the court held that a certain letter was a “negotiating
document”, ie, a document indicating a willingness to negotiate, and as such
the letter was protected by “without prejudice” privilege. The letter
contained two paragraphs asserting the author’s confidence, on the basis of
legal advice, that the other party’s patent was invalid, and a further
paragraph to the effect that the author’s confidence in the correctness of its
position was so great that it felt it is safe to proceed without regard to the
other side’s position if negotiations were not entered into and resolved
satisfactorily. The court however held that “the overall message continues to
be one of wishing to negotiate” (at [21]). The court did not dissect out
identifiable admissions (such as references to willingness to negotiate) and
withhold protection from the rest of the “without prejudice” communications
(such as the author’s assertions of the strength of its own position). The
whole letter was privileged, not just the identifiable admissions in it.

76 Ernest Ferdinand (which endorsed Schering) does not preclude the Broad
Approach. On the contrary, Ernest Ferdinand supports the Broad Approach.

The same recognised exceptions apply under the Broad Approach, in particular
the Delay/Acquiescence Exception

The Delay/Acquiescence Exception is a recognised exception

77 As discussed at [27]–[42] above, the exceptions to “without prejudice”
privilege set out by Walker LJ in Unilever at 2444–2445 were accepted as good
law in Singapore by the Court of Appeal in Nicky Quek at [23]. It follows that
whether the Broad Approach is the position in Singapore, or “without
prejudice” privilege in Singapore only covers admissions, the same exceptions
accepted in Nicky Quek would apply. Those exceptions include the
Delay/Acquiescence Exception.

The Relevant Portions of the Disputed Emails are not communications of
objective facts unconnected with the parties’ negotiations

78 The first defendant also contended that the Relevant Portions of the
Disputed Emails were never privileged because they were communications of
facts unconnected to settlement negotiations. I did not accept this on the
facts, but I will first review the legal principles.

79 The first defendant cited Greenline-Onyx Envirotech Phils, Inc v Otto
Systems Singapore Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 40 (“Greenline-Onyx”) where the
Court of Appeal admitted into evidence letters comprising acknowledgments of
the appellant’s debt. The court cited the decision of the majority in the
House of Lords case of Bradford & Bingley plc v Rashid [2006] 1 WLR 2066
(“Bradford & Bingley”), that “without prejudice” privilege did not apply to
“apparently open communications designed only to discuss the repayment of an
admitted liability rather than to negotiate a compromise to a disputed
liability” (Greenline-Onyx at [17]).

80 The first defendant, however, relied on Greenline-Onyx for a broader
proposition. In Greenline-Onyx, the court noted (at [17]) that in Bradford &
Bingley, Lord Hope of Craighead was of the view “that the [without prejudice]
rule did not apply to clear admissions or statements of fact that did not form
part of an offer to compromise”. The first defendant relied on that to contend
that the Relevant Portions of the Disputed Emails were statements of fact “not
fairly incidental to the purpose of settling a dispute between the parties”
(citing Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore, vol 10 (LexisNexis, 2016 Reissue) at
para 120.402). The first defendant also cited Field v Commissioner for
Railways for NSW (1957) 99 CLR 285 as an example: there, the plaintiff’s
admission to a doctor (appointed by the defendant) that the plaintiff himself
was responsible for the injuries for which he was seeking compensation, was
regarded as having been “made without any proper connexion with any purpose
connected with the settlement of the action” (at [8]).

81 The court should be cautious about allowing such propositions to be used to
erode the protection provided by the Broad Approach. As Lord Griffiths put it
in Rush & Tompkins at 1300:

… There is also authority for the proposition that the admission of an
‘independent fact’ in no way connected with the merits of the cause is
admissible even if made in the course of negotiations for a settlement. Thus
an admission that a document was in the handwriting of one of the parties was
received in evidence in Waldridge v Kennison (1794) 1 Esp 142. I regard this
as an exceptional case and it should not be allowed to whittle down the
protection given to the parties to speak freely about all issues in the
litigation both factual and legal when seeking compromise and, for the purpose
of establishing a basis of compromise, admitting certain facts. If the
compromise fails the admission of the facts made for the purpose of the
compromise should not be held against the maker of the admission and should
therefore not be received in evidence. [emphasis added]

82 The present case was not an “exceptional case” where statements of fact
made in the course of negotiations were nevertheless “in no way connected”
with the settlement that was being negotiated.

83 In the first place, the Relevant Portions of the Disputed Emails were not
“statements of fact”. As I noted at [40]–[44] above, they comprised:

(a) the first defendant’s proposal to extend the LC;

(b) the plaintiff’s rejection of that proposal because the plaintiff would
only agree to extend the LC if the negotiations concluded in agreement on a
contract amendment; and

(c) the first defendant’s disagreement with the plaintiff’s claim for
remaining payments, and the statement of its position that the amount of the
remaining payments due to the plaintiff had not been finalised (as the parties
had not agreed on settlement), and so the first defendant said the LC should
first be extended.

84 All of these are statements of the parties’ respective positions, rather
than statements of objective facts.

85 Moreover, all these statements were clearly connected with the settlement
negotiations – the ongoing negotiations about payment were the premise for the
first defendant’s proposal to extend the LC, and its disagreement with the
plaintiff’s claim was expressed in the context of it nevertheless being
prepared to negotiate about what the plaintiff should be paid. As for the
plaintiff’s refusal to extend the LC, the plaintiff said that it would only
agree to extend the LC if the negotiations concluded in a contract amendment –
to the plaintiff, the extension of the LC was a potential outcome of the
negotiations.

86 I thus did not agree with the first defendant’s contention that the
Relevant Portions of the Disputed Emails were not privileged because they were
communications of objective facts unconnected with the parties’ negotiations.

The Relevant Portions of the Disputed Emails would also be privileged in the
first place, even if the privilege only covered admissions

87 For completeness, even if the Broad Approach is not the law in Singapore,
the Relevant Portions of the Disputed Emails would nevertheless be privileged
in the first place, for they all constitute admissions that would be protected
by “without prejudice” privilege.

88 First, the Disputed Emails were “without prejudice” in nature to begin with
(Ernest Ferdinand at [67] and [89]):

(a) the Disputed Emails concerned disputes between the parties (including
about what the plaintiff should be paid) which the parties were trying to
settle; and

(b) the Disputed Emails contained admissions – intimations by both parties
that they were willing to negotiate, and references to their settlement
negotiations.

89 Second, the Relevant Portions of the Disputed Emails constituted admissions
that, even on a narrow approach to “without prejudice” privilege, would be
privileged: see [85] above.

90 However, I rested my decision on the Broad Approach to “without prejudice”
privilege conferring privilege on the Disputed Emails, but an exception (the
Delay/Acquiescence Exception) applying to allow the first defendant to refer
to the Relevant Portions to explain delay (or inaction) or apparent
acquiescence, and particularly to rebut the plaintiff’s Assertions: (a) that
the first defendant had taken no steps to extend the LC; and (b) that the
first defendant had not taken issue with the plaintiff’s claim under the LC
for the retention money.

91 I considered this to be appropriate in terms of policy and principle,
rather than merely protecting admissions, which would entail having to
characterise each portion of the negotiations as an “admission” before it
would be privileged.

Conclusion

92 As a matter of policy and principle, the Broad Approach to “without
prejudice” privilege furthers the objective of encouraging settlements. The
Broad Approach is the position at common law, and it is not precluded by s
23(1) of the Evidence Act, or by binding authority (in particular, the Court
of Appeal’s decision in Ernest Ferdinand).

93 Applying the Broad Approach, the whole of the five Disputed Emails were
protected by “without prejudice” privilege in the first place.

94 However, an exception – the Delay/Acquiescence Exception – applied to allow
the first defendant to refer to the Relevant Portions of the Disputed Emails
to rebut the plaintiff’s Assertions: (a) that the first defendant had taken no
steps to extend the LC; and (b) that the first defendant had not taken issue
with the plaintiff’s claim to retention money under the LC.

95 I thus dismissed the registrar’s appeal, save that I limited the portions
of the Disputed Emails that the first defendant could refer to, to the parts
relevant to rebutting the plaintiff’s Assertions. The rest of those emails
remained protected by “without prejudice” privilege.

Andre Maniam  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Wong Soon Peng Adrian, Ang Leong Hao, Wayne Yeo and Sia Bao Huei (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the plaintiff;

Toh Chen Han, Ang Wee Jian and Glenn Sim Sze Nyuang (MPillay) for the first
defendant;

Tan Hong Liang, Kwek Yuan Justin and Tan Hao Ting Valerie (JWS Asia Law
Corporation) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Feb 2023 (11:46 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

