Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAmiLY JUSTICE COURTS OF THE republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 30

Divorce Transferred No 4401 of 2021

Between

WLL

… Plaintiff

And

WLM

… Defendant

judgment

[Family Law — Procedure — Costs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WLL

  
v

  
WL

M

[2023] SGHCF 30

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Divorce Transferred No
4401 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
8 June 2023

23 June 2023

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff (the “Husband”) and the defendant (the “Wife”) obtained an
interim judgment of divorce on 16 February 2022. I heard parties on the
ancillary matters, namely, the division of matrimonial assets and maintenance
for the Wife, and handed down my judgment on 3 April 2023: see WLL v WLM
[2023] SGHCF 19. I made no order as to the maintenance for the Wife, but
ordered that the Husband pay the Wife $1,467,516.56 for the division of
matrimonial assets. The question of costs was reserved, and the parties’
counsel have now made their submissions in writing.

2 Counsel for the Husband submits that the Husband had made an offer to settle
(“the OTS”) dated 29 August 2022, duly served on the Wife, pursuant to r 446
of the Family Justice Rules 2014 (“FJR”). The OTS had no deadline for
acceptance, and remained open for acceptance up to the time when the judgment
was delivered on 3 April 2023. The Wife did not accept the OTS.

3 By the OTS the Husband offered to pay the Wife $1,840,000.00 in settlement
of the issue of the division of matrimonial assets, within three months from
the date of the certificate of the final judgment of divorce. I ordered the
Husband to pay the Wife $1,467,516.56, being her share of the matrimonial
assets, and made no order for maintenance for the Wife. The Husband says that
that he had obtained a judgment not less favourable than the terms of the OTS
since the Wife received $372,483.44 less that what the Husband’s OTS offered.
The Husband is thus asking for costs, on an indemnity basis, from the time
which the OTS was made, pursuant to r 454(2) of the FJR.

4 He is also asking for costs of the action to be fixed at $41,001.21 as
follows:

(a) Costs on a standard basis for work done from 16 September 2021 to 29
August 2022 (being the date on which the OTS was served), amounting to
$10,197.34;

(b) Costs on an indemnity basis for work done from 29 August 2022 to 3 April
2023, amounting to $21,200;

(c) Disbursements of proceedings amounting to $9,090.27;

(d) Disbursements in FC/SUM 2515/2022, amounting to $513.60. This was the
Wife’s application for specific discovery, where the DJ reserved the issue of
disbursements to the trial judge.

5 Counsel for the Wife, Ms Tee Lee Lian, submits that no order should be made
as to costs. She submits that although the OTS offered a more favourable
settlement amount, the Husband did not obtain a judgment not less favourable
within the meaning of r 454(1)(c) of the FJR when the other terms of the OTS
are taken into account. Ms Tee says that, in fact, the OTS was less favourable
in terms of the time afforded to the Wife to move out of the matrimonial home,
where the parties are still residing. Counsel says that since there are no
consequential orders as to the time for the division of assets to be carried
into effect, the judgment cannot be said to be less favourable than the OTS.
To buttress her argument, Ms Tee refers to the Wife’s counter proposal to the
Husband’s OTS, under which the Husband would pay her a settlement amount of
$2,042,000 within three months from the date of the final judgment of divorce,
and a further three months from the date of receipt of the settlement amount
to move out of the matrimonial home.

6 I do not accept Ms Tee’s submission. The issue of timelines for carrying out
the order for division was not an issue that was argued before me at the
hearing previously. The Wife did not raise this issue as a point of dispute
between the parties. Thus, the only issue I had to decide then, was the
question of the ratio for the division of assets. I do not think that this
omission is crucial in itself, but the facts must be stated for the record. In
any case, what is more important is that the difference between the settlement
quantum and the judgment sum of over $300,000 adequately covers the Wife for
additional rental and costs of moving out according to the timelines
prescribed under the OTS. Thus, I am satisfied that the judgment obtained by
the Husband is not less favourable than the terms of the OTS.

7 Although r 457(2) entitles the Husband to costs on the standard basis to the
date the OTS was served, and costs on the indemnity basis from that date
onwards, r 457(1) expressly provides that this entitlement is subject to the
court’s discretion. Furthermore, r 457(1)(7) accords the court full power to
determine by whom and to what extent any costs are to be paid, notwithstanding
the OTS. Debbie Ong JC (as she then was) held in JBB v JBA [2015] 5 SLR 0153
(at [27] to [34]) that the general principles of costs must be applied with
more sensitivity in matrimonial proceedings where, unlike general civil
proceedings, family courts prefer not to find “winners” and “losers” —
especially when the case is heard at first instance and the judgment is merely
a declaration of a result, as opposed to a declaration of who prevails over
the other. Costs may be more acutely relevant where one party had made a
genuine attempt to settle the matrimonial proceedings under the prescribed
procedure in the FJR. In such a situation, had the parties chosen the non-
litigious approach, costs would have been saved, or, the party making the
reasonable offer would not have to incur legal costs beyond the point of
offer. In such situations, an award of costs would be justified.

8 However, it does not follow that every offer to settle would warrant a
favourable cost order. An offer to settle must be genuine and not made merely
to obtain an adverse costs order against the counterparty: Resorts World at
Sentosa Pte Ltd v Goel Adesh Kumar and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 1070 at
[20] to [22]. I am satisfied that in the present case, the Husband’s OTS was a
genuine one. The intentions of the Husband to resolve the dispute amicably is
evidenced in the correspondence between the parties from the time at which
divorce proceedings were commenced. The Husband had, on multiple occasions,
sought to resolve the proceedings without the need for a contested
application. Furthermore, although the OTS proposed a shorter timeline for the
Wife to move out of the matrimonial home, a period of six weeks cannot be said
to be so unreasonable such as to render the OTS an illusory or coercive one
—one which is not aimed at resolving the dispute. For these reasons, I accept
that the OTS was a genuine one. As I am also satisfied that the judgment
obtained by the Husband was not less favourable than the OTS, I am of the view
that the Husband should be entitled to costs of the proceedings.

9 As for whether the costs should be awarded on an indemnity basis, the
factors enumerated under r 457 of the FJR (which apply to the making of costs
orders generally) are relevant: the court may consider the existence of an
offer to settle, the date on which the offer was made, the terms of the offer
and the extent to which the judgment is more favourable than the terms of the
offer.

10 The OTS was served on 29 August 2022. Since then, two exchanges of
affidavits of assets and means were made before the matter came before me, and
a further application for specific discovery was made by the Wife. These
interlocutory proceedings resulted in an additional seven months before the
ancillary matters were resolved (I delivered judgment on 3 April 2023). The
judgment sum was also more favourable for the Husband than the terms of the
offer, by $372,483.44. Ms Tee says that the Wife should not be penalised by
this difference because it is attributable to the valuation of the matrimonial
home, which was subject to price fluctuations of the property market. However,
another significant contributing factor to the difference in judgment sum was
my rejection of the Wife’s argument that an adverse inference should be drawn
against the Husband, with a consequent 10% uplift given to the Wife’s share of
the agreed matrimonial assets. This represented a difference of approximately
$900,000 (as the total value of matrimonial assets was above $9 million).

11 The Wife further says that the Husband should not be entitled to costs
because of his “uncooperative conduct in the proceedings”. She says that the
Husband failed to make a full and frank disclosure of his assets. Moreover,
the Wife highlights the Husband’s attempt to use an affidavit that was sworn
but not filed, which was procedurally incorrect. Finally, she says that the
Husband had rejected the Wife’s proposal for mediation.

12 Although the Husband’s conduct at some point in the proceedings was wrong —
namely, failing to disclose a portion of his assets, I am of the view that
they should not deprive him of costs. His failure to disclose assets is wrong,
but that was limited to his trading accounts. The Husband’s rejection of
mediation is insufficient to justify a finding that he had unnecessarily
delayed proceedings, especially in the light of the Husband’s continual effort
to resolve the dispute amicably by way of a private settlement, but that may
count in the amount of costs to be awarded. Finally, although the Husband’s
omission leading to the non-disclosure was an error of judgment of counsel, it
did not have any material bearing on the outcome as I had, in any case, not
drawn an adverse inference against the Husband.

13 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the view that the assessment of costs on
a standard basis for the entirety of work done would be fair in the
circumstances. Costs of the action are thus fixed at $25,000, inclusive of
disbursements, to be paid by the Wife to the Husband.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Trent Ng Yong En and Cheryl Tan Wee Tim (Kalco Law LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Tee Lee Lian and Julian Koh Zhen Yang (Bih Li & Lee LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Jun 2023 (12:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

