Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 136

Criminal Case No 36 of 2019

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Tan Yew Sin  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law — Offences — Sexual offences]

[Criminal Law — Offences — Rape]

[Criminal Law — Offences — Outrage of modesty]

[Criminal Law — General exceptions — Mistake of fact]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Tan Yew Sin

[2023] SGHC 136

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 36 of 2019  
Pang Khang Chau J  
29–30 September, 1, 2, 6–9 October, 11–13 November 2020, 15, 29 March, 19,
29–30 July, 9 November 2021, 14 February, 27 April 2022

12 May 2023

Pang Khang Chau J:

Introduction

1 The accused was a private hire vehicle driver at the material time. In the
early hours of 19 May 2018, he drove the complainant home after she went
drinking at a bar with friends. Certain sexual acts occurred between the
accused and the complainant in the car after they arrived at the complainant’s
condominium (the “Condominium”). These acts formed the basis of the three
charges against the accused, as follows:

(a) one charge of sexual assault by digital-vaginal penetration under s
376(2)(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”), punishable under s
376(3) PC (the “first charge”);

(b) one charge of attempted rape under s 375(1)(a) PC, punishable under s
375(2) read with s 511 PC (the “second charge”); and

(c) one charge of outrage of modesty under s 354(1) PC (the “third charge”).

2 The accused claimed trial to all three charges. He admitted to committing
the sexual acts which formed the physical elements of these offences (the
“Sexual Acts”), but claimed that the Sexual Acts had been consensual.

3 I acquitted the accused of all charges and provided brief oral grounds. The
Prosecution has since appealed against my decision. These are my full grounds.

The facts

4 On 18 May 2018, the complainant had been drinking at a bar (the “Bar”) with
two friends, PW18 Yong Sern (“LYS”) and PW19 Vanessa Tam (“VT”) from about
10:30pm. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions dated 10 January 2022 (“PCS”) at para 7;
Statement of Agreed Facts (“ASOF”) at para 7.

LYS was the complainant’s friend, and VT was LYS’s girlfriend at the material
time. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ASOF at para 5.

The complainant had taken dinner earlier that evening and, whilst at the Bar,
she consumed five pints of beer over a period of approximately three hours.

The complainant was visibly intoxicated

5 The complainant left the Bar at around 2.30am on 19 May 2018. By then, she
was visibly intoxicated. Her steps were unsteady. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions dated 10 January 2022 (“DCS”) at para 17(b)(i);
PCS at para 34.

She also made a number of trips to the toilet to attempt to vomit. At trial,
she explained to the court that this was not because she was nauseous or felt
like vomiting, but because she was deliberately trying to make herself vomit
so that she would feel more comfortable. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 23 (ln 15 to 22), p 24 (ln 16 to 18) and p 25 (ln 18 to
24).

She also started crying at about the time of her final visit to the toilet. At
trial, the complainant told the court that she remembered crying but could not
remember why she was crying. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 33 (ln 7 to 14), p 66 (ln 18 to 19).

The complainant declined her friend’s offer to send her home

6 LYS offered a few times to send the complainant home, but she persistently
declined and repeatedly reassured LYS that she was okay. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 86 (ln 2 to 7), p 112 (ln 2 to 13) and p 130 (ln 12 to
15).

At trial, the complainant explained to the court that she responded to LYS’s
offers in this way because she did not want LYS to worry and also did not want
to trouble LYS and VT. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 35 (ln 22 to 29).

The accused ferried the complainant home

7 LYS booked a private-hire car for the complainant. The accused’s car (the
“Car”) responded to the booking. As the complainant and LYS exited the Bar to
walk towards the Car, LYS held the complainant’s arm to steady her. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 74 (ln 19).

They let go of each other when they were about ten metres away from the Car. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Bar’s CCTV footage at timestamp 2.44.45am (P145 at slide 40).

The complainant continued walking to the Car on her own, unassisted. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 1 Oct 2020 at p 21 (ln 10 to 11); NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 37 (ln 23).

She also had the awareness to collect her belongings from VT without prompting
as she walked past VT on the way to the Car. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE 1 Oct 2020 at p 65 (ln 5 to 6); NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 37 (ln 29).

8 LYS informed the accused that the complainant was a “a little drunk” and
asked the accused if he was okay with sending the complainant home. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 96 (ln 4 to 5).

Upon hearing this, the accused initially declined. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 96 (ln 12).

He eventually relented after LYS repeatedly reassured the accused that the
complainant was okay, she would not vomit and that LYS would give her a
plastic bag for the car journey just in case. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 97 (ln 29 to 31).

At trial, the accused also explained that he would normally not ferry people
who were drunk, but had agreed to ferry the complainant because he had
assessed from her demeanour and her conversation with LYS that she was not
“really drunk”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 9 (ln 10 to 13 and ln 21 to 32).

9 Upon entering the Car, the complainant confirmed her address with the
accused. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 12 (ln 15 to 17).

As the Car left the Bar’s carpark, the accused reminded the complainant to let
him know if she wanted to vomit, to which the complainant was alert enough to
answer “it’s okay”.

10 After arriving at her destination, the complainant exited the Car and
attempted to enter the Condominium through its side gate. After a few minutes,
seeing that the complainant still had not entered the Condominium, the accused
approached the complainant and suggested that if she did not wish to go home
yet, she could return to the Car and rest. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 27 (ln 14 to 27).

They then walked back to the Car together.

11 When they returned to the Car, the complainant got into the back seat on
her own while the accused went to the driver’s seat. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 28 (ln 14 to 18).

After a while, the complainant began behaving in an agitated manner. This
behaviour included sobbing, thumping her chest, and knocking her head against
the car window. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 28 (ln 28 to 31) and p 31 (ln 26 to 28).

12 According to the accused, he initially tried to calm the complainant down
by speaking to her from the driver’s seat. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 31 (ln 24 to 30).

After this met with limited success, he went to the back seat to calm her
down. When she stopped, he would return to the driver’s seat again. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 32 (ln 16 to 21).

But she would then start behaving in an agitated manner again and he would
return to the back seat again to calm her down. This cycle was repeated three
or four times. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 33 (ln 21 to 25).

Getting impatient, the accused decided to look through the complainant’s bag
to search for her handphone and/or her identity card in the hope that he could
then get hold of someone to come get her. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 34 (ln 2 to 11 and ln 19 to 26).

As he was searching through her bag, the complainant was resting her head on
his left shoulder. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 35 (ln 10).

He was also holding her hand, which he explained was to calm her down as well
as to stop her from thumping her chest. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 34 (ln 20 to 32).

After locating the complainant’s identity card, the accused turned around. By
his account, it was at this time that the complainant began kissing him, and
they started touching each other. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 35 (ln 14 to 16).

The two episodes of sexual activity

13 The complainant’s moaning associated with sexual activity was captured by
the Car’s in-car camera from 3.34am onwards. (This meant that the sexual
activity must have commenced sometime between 3.20am and 3.34am, as there was
a 14-minute gap in the in-car camera’s recording from 3.20am to 3.34am.) At
one point, the accused could be heard saying “I can’t put it in” to the
complainant and this was followed by the sound of some movement. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 48 (ln 25 to 31).

The accused explained that this was the sound of the complainant shifting her
position in response to what he had said. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 37 (ln 20 to 30).

The accused was also heard saying “quiet” a couple of times to the complainant
as her moaning grew louder. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 42 (ln 17 to 19).

At one point, the complainant’s moan grew so loud that it sounded like she was
reaching orgasm, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 12 Nov 2020 at p 109 (ln 3 to 25).

although the complainant did not agree with this characterisation at trial. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 42 (ln 1 to 3).

During this period, the accused inserted his right finger into the
complainant’s vagina and fingered her (which formed the subject of the first
charge), and attempted to penetrate her vagina with his penis (which formed
the subject of the second charge).

14 There was then a pause in the sexual activity, during which the accused
went back to the driver’s seat, drove the Car down the road, made a three-
point turn and drove back towards the Condominium. During this drive, the
accused could be heard saying “I just take a round, okay?” to the complainant.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 37 (ln 26).

After stopping the Car on the road opposite the Condominium, the accused
joined the complainant in the back seat to resume the Sexual Acts. During this
time, he inserted his right hand beneath the complainant’s bra, fondled her
breasts and sucked on her left nipple, and also attempted to insert his finger
into her vagina (these formed the subject of the third charge). According to
the accused, after a few minutes, he felt the complainant disengaging herself
from the sexual activity. He then stopped and moved away from her towards the
other end of the backseat. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 53 (ln 1 to 17).

15 Independently of the accused’s testimony, the complainant’s moans
associated with this second episode of sexual activity was also captured by
the in-car camera. After a few minutes, the complainant was heard saying “no”,
after which no further moans from the complainant were heard. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 50 (ln 7 to 20).

This was at about 3.53am. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 41 (ln 16 to 24).

The aftermath

16 The accused and the complainant then engaged in a brief conversation. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 61 (ln 28 to 31) and p 62 (ln 12 to 17).

Thereafter, the accused moved back to the driver’s seat. The complainant was
heard saying “go” to the accused. When the accused sought clarification, the
complainant told him to “just drive”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 63 (ln 4 to 13).

The accused then drove around the neighbourhood without incident and arrived
back at the Condominium at about 4.05am. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 66 (ln 1 to 10).

The complainant exited the Car unassisted, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 45 (ln 15).

taking her handbag with her but leaving a paper bag behind in the Car. The
accused noticed this and went after her to return the paper bag to her. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 59 (ln 27 to 30).

By the time he caught up with her, she had already arrived unassisted at the
Condominium gate. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Condominium’s CCTV footage at timestamp 4.12am (P145 at slide 67).

She told the accused that she could not find her access card. The accused
found the access card in her bag and used it to tap open the gate for her. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 60 (ln 28) to p 61 (ln 5).

The complainant walked in unassisted. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 61 (ln 13 to 16).

The accused drove off in the Car after seeing that the complainant had entered
the Condominium. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 61 (ln 21).

17 About five minutes later, the complainant was seen on the Condominium’s
CCTV leaving the Condominium and walking along the road. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 49 (ln 8 to 19).

At about 4.44am a passer-by, PW21 Muhammad Yazid Bin Umar found the
complainant lying on the road a few hundred metres from the Condominium. He
lodged the first information report via a ‘999’ call. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ASOF at para 6.

18 The accused was arrested on 19 May 2018 at around 12.30pm for attempted
rape. The following statements under s 22 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 2012 Rev Ed) were recorded and the accused has not challenged the
admissibility of these statements before the court:

(a) one statement recorded by ASP Dan Dunstan Cheang (“IO Cheang”) at about
7.15pm on 19 May 2018 (“First Long Statement”); and

(b) one further statement recorded by IO Cheang at about 4.15pm on 23 May 2018
(“Second Long Statement”).

19 At around 10.05am to 11.40am on the same day, the complainant was examined
by PW27 Dr Foo Anqi Sharon (“Dr Foo”) at KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital
SingHealth (“KK Hospital”). Her blood and urine samples were taken sometime
during this period and sent to the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA") for
analysis. According to HSA’s analysis, 26mg/100ml of ethanol was found in the
complainant’s blood sample and 102mg/100ml of ethanol was found in her urine
sample. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ASOF at para 18.

20 Evidence was also seized from the recordings of the accused’s in-car
camera, from which the court could hear certain interactions between the
accused and the complainant before, during and after the Sexual Acts. There
was also CCTV footage from the Bar and the Condominium, from which the court
could observe the complainant’s demeanour and assess her state of
intoxication.

Parties’ cases

21 The only disputed element across the three offences was that of consent. As
alluded to above (at [2]), the accused admitted to the physical acts
constituting the actus reus of the offences.

22 The Prosecution’s case was that the complainant did not consent to the
Sexual Acts and that, in any event, she did not have capacity to consent to
the same as she was significantly intoxicated and impaired in her judgement.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PCS at para 13.

23 The Defence’s case was chiefly that the Prosecution had failed to meet its
legal burden of proving lack of consent or lack of capacity to consent beyond
a reasonable doubt. Alternatively, the Defence relied on the defence of
mistake of fact under s 79 PC, namely, that the accused in good faith believed
that the complainant had the capacity to consent and did in fact consent to
the Sexual Acts.

Issues to be determined

24 In light of the statutory requirements and the parties’ cases, the issues
that arose for my consideration were:

(a) whether the complainant did not consent to the Sexual Acts, in particular:

(i) whether the complainant lacked the capacity to consent, by virtue of s
90(b) PC;

(ii) if the complainant had the capacity to consent, whether no consent was in
fact given; and

(b) if the complainant lacked the capacity to consent and/or did not in fact
consent, whether the accused could nevertheless rely on the defence of mistake
of fact under s 79(1) PC.

Preliminary evidential issues

Transcription of the in-car audio recordings

25 Part of the evidence relied on by the Prosecution were video clips from the
accused’s in-car camera (or, more accurately, the audio tracks of those video
clips, since the in-car camera was outward facing and did not capture video
images of what occurred inside the Car). For instance, the Prosecution relied
on the absence of audio recording of any “verbalised … express consent” to
infer that the complainant did not in fact consent. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS at paras 87 to 88.

For brevity, I shall refer to these audio tracks as the “in-car audio
recordings”.

26 These video clips were tendered in an SD card, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Exhibit P144.

but the Prosecution also tendered a transcription and translation alongside
the video clips. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Exhibit P148.

PW17 Tan See Hua (“Ms Tan”), an interpreter with the Criminal Investigation
Department (“CID”) of the Singapore Police Force, had been asked to transcribe
the 17 clips. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PS17 at paras 1 to 2; NE 29 Sep 2020 at p 92 (ln 13 to 16).

She produced a 21-page report (the “Transcription Report”) that: (a)
transcribed the English words that she heard, and (b) translated the Mandarin
and Hokkien words that she heard from the audio recordings. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Exhibit P148; PS17 at para 3; NE 29 Sep 2020 at p 88 (ln 28) to p 89 (ln 2).

27 Owing to justifiable concerns raised by the Defence about the accuracy of
the Transcription Report as well as its inability to capture crucial nuances,
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE 29 Sep 2020 at p 97 to p 111.

I found it unsafe to place reliance on the Transcription Report. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 1 (ln 21 to 31).

I indicated to the parties that I would be open to the Prosecution or Defence
providing a better set of transcripts. Failing this, the trial would proceed
without transcripts being used as evidence; this meant that the trial would
proceed on the basis of what the witnesses and I could make out of the audio
recordings. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 1 (ln 31) to p 2 (ln 4).

Both the Prosecution and Defence responded that they would endeavour to have
the audio quality enhanced and obtain a better transcription. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 2 (ln 5 to 31).

However, neither side sought to admit any further transcript into evidence. In
the end, the lack of a replacement transcription did not hinder the trial, as
parties were able to present all relevant evidence to the court by having the
relevant portions of the in-car audio recording played in court and commented
on by the relevant witnesses.

Completeness of the in-car camera recordings

28 A related difficulty was that the in-car camera recordings were an
incomplete record of what transpired in the Car that day. In the first place,
the in-car camera was, by design, programmed to pause recording at certain
points in time (eg, after the car had been idling for more than five minutes
or once the car engine had been turned off). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE 29 Sep 2020 at p 46 (ln 12) to p 47 (ln 15) and p 48 (ln 25) to p 49 (ln
5).

Furthermore, speech and sounds that were captured were not always clearly
audible, despite the best efforts of the court and counsel to discern what had
been said. The court’s reliance on such evidence thus had to be tempered by an
appropriate appreciation of its limitations.

The complainant’s non-recollection of the alleged offences

29 A key evidential feature of this case was that during the period when the
Sexual Acts took place, the complainant had been experiencing an alcohol-
induced blackout and was substantially unable to recall what she did, said or
heard during this period. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PCS at para 108; DCS at para 17(1).

Consequently, she was also unable to explain to the court why she acted the
way she did at the material time. Much of her evidence at trial was therefore
limited to confirming what she heard in the audio recordings that were played
in court and providing, at the time of the trial, her best explanation and
reconstruction of what had occurred.

30 As a result of the complainant having no independent recollection of what
occurred during the period that the Sexual Acts took place, the only evidence
available to the court concerning what occurred during this period were the
accused’s testimony and the objective evidence derived from the in-car audio
recording.

Role of the factual witnesses in relation to the in-car camera and CCTV
recordings

31 The complainant’s behaviour at the material time was evidenced in three
ways: (a) contemporaneous CCTV footages from the Bar and the Condominium, (b)
contemporaneous in-car camera recordings from the Car, and (c) eyewitness
evidence from various factual witnesses (including the complainant’s own
recollections, where available, and the accused’s police statements). There
were no challenges to their admissibility or authenticity.

32 The recordings (ie, (a) and (b) in [31] above) constituted real evidence
that the court was competent and well-placed to assess. Nevertheless, a court
must always be alive to the dangers of assuming that these presented a
complete and unambiguous picture. Such dangers stemmed from potential
incompleteness (eg, visual blindspots, audio without visual footage, stretches
of time that went unrecorded) and lack of context (eg, situational cues, the
manner in which a particular witness would normally speak).

33 This was why the evidence referred to at [31(c)] above was important,
because it enabled those who witnessed or participated in these events to
supply the relevant context. This explained why the key factual witnesses (ie,
the complainant, the accused, LYS and VT) were asked both about:

(a) their own recollection of events independent of the recordings – eg, what
they saw and heard, how they acted or reacted, and why they chose to act or
react in the way they did; and

(b) how their evidence of the events (based on their recollection) matched up
against what was shown on the recordings – eg, when and where a particular
event took place and how this was situated in the overall chronology of
events. This was achieved through the witnesses being shown relevant portions
of the recordings in court and being asked questions about what they could see
or hear from the footage.

34 At the same time, the dual function performed by these witnesses, and the
manner in which this was performed, created its own challenges.

35 Chief among these was that the line between the two functions was not
always scrupulously maintained by counsel. The cleanest way to separate both
functions would have been to elicit a witness’ entire testimony from
recollection before exposing them to any of the footage. However, based on how
parties ran their case, witnesses were sometimes exposed to footage before
they were asked for their recollection. A related concern was that questions
were not always framed to clearly and exclusively relate to one function or
the other. For instance, witnesses were sometimes asked to explain why they
acted or reacted in a certain way. Yet the answers to these questions did not
always specify whether these reflected the contemporaneous reasons that
operated on their minds at the material time (ie, statements as to past
belief, on a past act), or their present rationalisations or afterthoughts for
why they might have acted that way (ie, statements as to present belief, on a
past act). In most cases only the former would be relevant.

36 It was understandable that footage could sometimes be used to jog a
witness’ memory as to a particular event that took place in the entire
sequence. Such an approach, however, posed an obvious risk—that evidence
purportedly originating from a witness’ recollection was in fact the product
of his or her memory influenced by or reconstructed from the footage itself.
Memories lost may now be “recalled”, when in fact the source of this “memory”
was really the footage. If so, a witness might appear less forgetful and more
reliable than he otherwise would, inflating his credibility and the weight
given to his evidence. Additionally, memories inconsistent with the footage
may be downplayed or repackaged to present a more coherent and consistent
narrative. These potentially undermined two key objectives of witness
testimony: one, forensically testing a witness’ credibility (through the
completeness, credibility and accuracy of his evidence), and two, elucidating
the evidence that a witness is capable of providing to the fullest extent
possible.

37 An example that illustrated both these concerns was that on the complainant
saying “Yah, yah, yah” in response to LYS asking her to text him when she
reached home, LYS initially testified that at that point in time, the
complainant’s reply “didn’t stood out so much to me”. It “just sounded like a
yes to me. Like an acknowledgement”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 107 (ln 17 to 23).

But after hearing the footage, he added that “now when I hear it, it sounded …
like she was pretty damn drunk” [emphasis added]. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 107 (ln 25 to 28).

Fortunately, this was an instance where the witness was transparent as to how
his memory and interpretation of the footage diverged. This might not always
be the case.

38 None of this was meant to suggest that any of the witnesses were
deliberately lying. Rather, it raised a warning that such choices might have
been subconsciously made by the witnesses.

39 As to the second function specifically (see [33(b)] above) (ie, explaining
how their recollection matched up with the footage), there was also a concern
that some of the questions asked of the witnesses exceeded the scope of what
they were called to testify on.

40 These were witnesses of fact called for their observations and, where
relevant, their impressions of the events at the material time. These
observations and impressions were relevant because of the witness’ presence at
and participation in those incidents. Thus, to illustrate, a witness asked to
describe how the complainant’s speech was at the time might permissibly answer
“she sounded like she was pretty damn drunk”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 107 (ln 13 to 29).

This was because it was his description of what he heard at the time.

41 By contrast, these factual witnesses were not being called to explain what
they thought they could see or hear from the audio recordings and footages,
except in so far as to relate these observations to their own recollection.
The court did not need to be told what a witness heard or thought a footage
being played in court showed. That constituted real evidence, and the court
viewing or hearing it in real time was competent to discern what it showed. If
a CCTV clip showed a red car, and a witness claimed to see a blue car in the
clip, it could not be the case that the court was expected to give weight to
that. Thus, for instance, the evidence that LYS gave (ie, that upon hearing
the audio recording in court, he thought that “she sounded like she was pretty
damn drunk”) was but an inference derived from the footage.

A note about the timestamps on the video recordings

42 As noted at [20] above, the evidence in this case included video recordings
from the Car’s in-car camera, from the Bar’s CCTV and from the Condominium’s
CCTV. These video footages bore timestamps based on the time kept by the
internal clocks of the respective recording devices. Unfortunately, the
internal clocks of these devices did not all keep the same time. The time
recorded by the Bar’s CCTV was about 15 minutes ahead of the time recorded by
the Car’s in-car camera, while the time recorded by the Condominium’s CCTV was
about ten minutes ahead of the time recorded by the in-car camera. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE 29 Sep 2020 at p 78 (ln 4 to 6).

Further, by comparing the time recorded by the in-car camera with the time
recorded by the car park gantry at the Bar, it appears that the time recorded
by the in-car camera was about five minutes behind the official or correct
time. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE 29 Sep 2020 at p 75.

This also implies that the time recorded by the Bar’s CCTV was about ten
minutes ahead of the correct time while the time recorded by the Condominium’s
CCTV was about five minutes ahead of the correct time.

43 In its closing submission, the Prosecution referred to the events captured
in the in-car camera recording using the correct time, by adding five minutes
to the time shown on the video footage’s timestamp. In contrast, the Defence’s
closing submission referred to those events by the time shown on the video
footage’s timestamp. In these grounds, where the time of an event is specified
without qualification, it refers to the correct time. Conversely, where the
time of an event captured in a video recording is given in these grounds by
reference to the timestamp on the video recording, this will be indicated.

Consent and capacity to consent

Preliminary observations on the law

44 The law places the legal burden on the Prosecution to prove the
complainant’s lack of consent beyond a reasonable doubt. In all three offences
(see [1] above), the lack of consent would be a requisite element. (The lack
of consent is also a requisite element of the outrage of modesty charge as s
354(1) PC refers to the use of “criminal force” which is defined in s 350 PC
as the intentional use of force without consent.)

45 The lack of consent may be established in two ways. The first is by proving
that the complainant did not in fact consent; in other words, that consent to
the acts in question was never manifested. The second way is statutorily
codified in s 90(b) PC and involves proving that the complainant was incapable
of giving consent at the material time. Section 90(b) PC reads:

Consent given under fear or misconception, by person of unsound mind, etc.,
and by child

90. A consent is not such a consent as is intended by any section of this Code —

…

(b) if the consent is given by a person who, from unsoundness of mind, mental
incapacity, intoxication, or the influence of any drug or other substance, is
unable to understand the nature and consequence of that to which he gives his
consent; or

…

46 The effect of s 90(b) PC is that where the absence of consent is an element
of the offence, and it is shown that the complainant was incapable of giving
consent, then it would not matter whether she ostensibly consented since such
a consent would not be valid (Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 1015
(“Pram Nair”) at [62]).

47 Regardless of which of the two ways the Prosecution relies on to establish
lack of consent, the legal burden and standard of proof remain on the
Prosecution to prove beyond reasonable doubt that there was no valid consent
to the respective Sexual Acts (Pram Nair at [45]).

48 It is trite, but bears repeating, that not all doubts about the
Prosecution’s case are reasonable doubts. What is required is a qualitative
appreciation of whether a reasonable doubt has arisen (Jagatheesan s/o
Krishnasamy v PP [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 (“Jagatheesan”)). A “reasonable” doubt, as
opposed to a “merely fanciful” doubt, is “a doubt for which one can give a
reason, so long as the reason given is logically connected to the evidence”
(Jagatheesan at [53], affirming the dictum of Wood JA in R v Brydon (1995) 2
BCLR (3d) 243). Although the observations in Jagatheesan were made in the
context of the reasons that a judge must supply to support a conviction, these
observations are equally apposite if a judge should instead decide to acquit
as a reasonable doubt is a necessary condition for an acquittal (Public
Prosecutor v GCK and another matter [2020] 1 SLR 486 (“GCK”) (at [131])). The
Court of Appeal in GCK further gave guidance on how the principle of proof
beyond a reasonable doubt could be conceptualised in two ways. One, a
reasonable doubt could arise from within the Prosecution’s case. Two, a
reasonable doubt could arise on an assessment of the totality of the evidence,
which includes a holistic assessment of both the Prosecution’s and the
Defence’s cases and the interactions between the two.

49 It would be vital to appreciate that the principle of proof beyond a
reasonable doubt is grounded in the presumption of innocence. In a passage
affirmed by the Court of Appeal in AOF v Public Prosecutor [2012] 3 SLR 34 (at
[315]), V K Rajah J (as he then was) observed in Jagatheesan (at [59]):

It cannot be assumed that an individual is guilty by mere dint of the fact
that he has been accused of an offence, unless and until the Prosecution
adduces sufficient evidence to displace this presumption of innocence. That
threshold below which society will not condone a conviction or allow for the
presumption of innocence to be displaced is the line between reasonable doubt
and mere doubt.

[emphasis added]

50 He further observed (at [61]):

An accused is presumed innocent and this presumption is not displaced until
the Prosecution has discharged its burden of proof. Therefore, if the evidence
throws up a reasonable doubt, it is not so much that the accused should be
given the benefit of the doubt as much as the Prosecution’s case simply not
being proved. In the final analysis, the doctrine of reasonable doubt is
neither abstract nor theoretical. It has real, practical and profound
implications in sifting the innocent from the guilty; in deciding who should
suffer punishment and who should not. The doctrine is a bedrock principle of
the criminal justice system in Singapore because while it protects and
preserves the interests and rights of the accused, it also serves public
interest by engendering confidence that our criminal justice system punishes
only those who are guilty.

51 Accordingly, the court’s task of assessing whether the Prosecution has
proven its case beyond reasonable doubt naturally involved assessing whether
sufficient doubt had been cast on the Prosecution’s case by the Defence.
Should a reasonable doubt arise from within the Prosecution’s case or on the
totality of the evidence as to capacity or consent in fact, the accused would
be entitled to an acquittal.

Whether the complainant had capacity to consent to the Sexual Acts

52 The Prosecution’s primary case was that the complainant did not consent to
each of the Sexual Acts referred to in the charges and, in the alternative,
that she did not have the capacity to consent to the same. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCS at para 13.

I would, however, first discuss the issue of whether the complainant had
capacity to consent, before moving on to discuss whether she did in fact
consent. This was the more logical sequence, as recognised by the Court of
Appeal in Pram Nair (at [62]), since a negative finding on the first issue
would necessarily negate any ostensible consent that the complainant had
given. If, however, the complainant was not intoxicated to such degree, the
Prosecution could still make out the offences by proving that she did not in
fact consent (Pram Nair at [62]).

The parties’ arguments

53 It was undisputed that the complainant had consumed five pints of beer
while at the Bar 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS at para 93; NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 15 (ln 21 to 27).

and that she had stopped drinking at around 1.30am, or shortly before the
staff switched off the lights in the Bar. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS at para 42; PCS at para 18; NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 36 (ln 21 to 27); NE 30 Sep
2020 at p 54 (ln 11 to 13).

The Prosecution submitted that the complainant did not have capacity to
consent to the Sexual Acts as she was significantly intoxicated and impaired
in her judgement at the material time. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS at paras 93 to 122.

She did not understand or could not have understood the nature and consequence
of what she was consenting to.

54 The Defence’s response was to point to instances across the night where the
complainant demonstrated an awareness of context and ability to judge and
decide, despite her intoxication. The Defence thus submitted that a reasonable
doubt was raised as to the complainant’s capacity to consent at the material
time.

The applicable legal principles

55 Both the Prosecution and the Defence cited Pram Nair on the question of how
intoxication affects the ability to consent to sexual activity. The Court of
Appeal in Pram Nair noted (at [93]) that the court’s attention had been drawn
to Public Prosecutor v Iryan bin Abdul Karim and others [2010] 2 SLR 15
(“Iryan”) where (at [123]) Tay Yong Kwang J (as he then was) cited the
following passage from Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s Law of Crimes: A Commentary on
the Indian Penal Code 1860 vol 2 (C K Thakker & M C Thakker eds) (Bharat Law
House, 26th Ed, 2007) at p 2061:

… Consent on the part of a woman, as a defence to an allegation of rape,
requires voluntary participation, not only after the exercise of intelligence,
based on the knowledge of the significance and the moral quality of the act,
but after having freely exercised a choice between resistance and assent. … A
woman is said to consent only when she freely agrees to submit herself, while
in free and unconstrained possession of her physical and moral power to act in
a manner she wanted. Consent implies the exercise of free and untrammelled
right to forbid or withhold what is being consented to; it is always a
voluntary and conscious acceptance of what is proposed to be done by another
and concurred in by the former.

56 After noting that Iryan was a case where consent was vitiated because of
the complainant’s fear of injury, the court went on to cite various
observations from Rook & Ward on Sexual Offences Law and Practice (Sweet &
Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2016) at para 1.252 (at [95]), which it synthesised as five
general principles (at [96]) as follows:

96 We would identify the following as the relevant general principles:

(a) Under s 90(b), a person who is unable to understand the nature and
consequence of that to which that person has allegedly given his consent has
no capacity to consent.

(b) The fact that a complainant has drunk a substantial amount of alcohol,
appears disinhibited, or behaves differently than usual, does not indicate
lack of capacity to consent. Consent to sexual activity, even when made while
intoxicated, is still consent as long as there is a voluntary and conscious
acceptance of what is being done.

(c) A complainant who is unconscious obviously has no capacity to consent. But
a complainant may have crossed the line into incapacity well before becoming
unconscious, and whether that is the case is evidently a fact-sensitive
inquiry.

(d) Capacity to consent requires the capacity to make decisions or choices. A
person, though having limited awareness of what is happening, may have such
impaired understanding or knowledge as to lack the ability to make any
decisions, much less the particular decision whether to have sexual
intercourse or engage in any sexual act.

(e) In our view, expert evidence – such as that showing the complainant’s
blood alcohol level – may assist the court in determining whether the
complainant had the capacity to consent.

57 Of particular relevance to the facts of the present case are the second and
the fourth principles, namely:

(a) the fact that a complainant has drunk a substantial amount of alcohol,
appears disinhibited, or behaves differently than usual, does not indicate
lack of capacity to consent. Consent to sexual activity, even when made while
intoxicated, is still consent as long as there is a voluntary and conscious
acceptance of what is being done; and

(b) capacity to consent requires the capacity to make decisions or choices. A
person, though having limited awareness of what is happening, may have such
impaired understanding or knowledge as to lack the ability to make any
decisions, much less the particular decision whether to have sexual
intercourse or engage in any sexual act.

The expert evidence

58 Both sides called expert witnesses to assist the court.

59 The Prosecution’s expert was PW35 Dr Christopher Cheok Cheng Soon (“Dr
Cheok”), a Senior Consultant at the Department of General and Forensic
Psychiatry of the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”). He obtained his medical
degree in 1995 and a Masters of Medicine (Psychiatry) degree in 2000. Prior to
joining IMH in 2014, Dr Cheok headed the Department of Psychological Medicine
in Khoo Teck Puat Hospital. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

P188.

He has appeared as an expert witness in court on about five previous occasions
to provide evidence on a person’s blood alcohol content. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 9 (ln 22).

60 The Defence’s expert was DW2 Dr Lim Yun Chin (“Dr Lim”), a consultant
psychiatrist at Raffles Hospital. He obtained his medical degree in 1976 and a
Masters of Medicine (Psychiatry) degree in 1986. He has served as a consultant
psychiatrist at Woodbridge Hospital for 15 years, and has also served as a
forensic psychiatrist at Changi Prison Hospital and as a psychiatrist at the
Singapore Prisons and Drug Rehabilitation Centre. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

D4.

He has previously appeared as an expert witness in court both for the
Prosecution and for the defence.

61 Dr Cheok prepared a report dated 25 January 2019 at IO Cheang’s request,
which was tendered by the Prosecution in evidence. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

P187 (AB at pp 38 to 40).

Dr Lim prepared two reports, one dated 20 September 2020 and one dated 16
August 2021. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

D5 and D6.

62 At trial, Dr Cheok tendered and referred to the following academic
articles:

(a) Paul J Perry, Shadi Doroudgar & Priscilla Van Dyke, “Ethanol Forensic
Toxicology” (2017) 45 Journal of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the
Law 429 (“Exhibit P189”);

(b) Mary Connell, “Expert Testimony in Sexual Assault Cases: Alcohol
Intoxication and Memory” (2015) 42-43 International Journal of Law and
Psychiatry 98 (“Exhibit P190”);

(c) Alan W Jones, “Alcohol, Its Absoroption, Distribution, Metabolism, and
Excretion in the Body and Pharmacokinetic Calculations” (2019) 1 Wiley
Interdisciplinary Reviews Forensic Science e1340 (“Exhibit P191”) and

(d) Alan W Jones, “Evidence-Based Survey of the Elimination Rates of Ethanol
from Blood with Applications in Forensic Casework” (2010) 200 Forensic Science
International 1 (“Exhibit P192”)

63 In addition, during Dr Cheok’s cross-examination, Defence counsel referred
Dr Cheok to the following articles:

(a) Aaron M White, “What Happened? Alcohol, Memory Blackouts, and the Brain”
(2003) 27 Alcohol Research & Health 186 (“Exhibit D1”); and

(b) Alicia N Justus, Peter R Finn & Joseph E Steinmetz, “The Influence of
Traits of Disinhibition on the Association Between Alcohol Use and Risky
Sexual Behaviour” (2000) 24 Alcoholism: Clinical and Experimental Research
1028 (“Exhibit D2”).

(1) The complainant’s alcohol-induced blackout

64 The experts gave evidence of the significance of the complainant’s alcohol-
induced blackout on the question of her capacity to consent. Both experts
agreed that, while a person in an alcohol-induced blackout would be unable to
form memories due to alcohol intoxication, this did not necessarily mean that
the person would not be able to perform cognitive functions and understand the
nature and consequences of his or her actions. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE 12 Nov 2020 at p 65 (ln 1) to p 68 (ln 6); NE 9 Nov 2021 at p 8 (ln 13 to
18) and p 9 (ln 10 to 18).

Alcohol-induced blackout was not the same as passing out – a person
experiencing an alcohol-induced blackout remained conscious and might even
continue to talk and socialise. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

D5 at para 21; NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 71 (ln 21) to p 72 (ln 4).

Dr Cheok pointed the court to the following passage from Exhibit P189: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

P 189 at pp 435 to 436; NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 15 (ln 8 to 32).

Alcohol-Induced Blackouts

Several types of memory loss can accompany the use of alcohol. A true
alcoholic blackout has a starting point, is temporary, and has a vague ending
point. Loss of memory during this period is clearly anterograde rather than
retrograde, since the ability to form long-term memory is completely blocked.
It has been stated that “[an alcoholic blackout] is not forgetting, rather it
is not remembering,” implying that, at a high BAC, new memories cannot be
formed. The individual may or may not appear intoxicated, but will still be
able to maintain a coherent and interactive conversation (short-term memory),
recall past events (recall from long-term memory), and perform normal
activities (procedural memory). This is a critically important problem from a
legal standpoint, because, during a blackout, individuals with intact
immediate and short-term memory have the ability to form the specific intent
needed to commit crimes that require this ability, despite their inability to
retain their involvement in the crime in their long-term memory.

[emphasis added]

65 The experts also agreed that a person experiencing an alcohol-induced
blackout might behave in a way that does not appear intoxicated to those
around them or does not cause to those around them to suspect that he or she
was so intoxicated to the point of having a blackout. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 65 (ln 8 to 13); NE 9 Nov 2021 at p 27 (ln 10 to 30); D5
at paras 12 to 20.

The significance of this second feature will be explored under third issue
(ie, the defence of mistake) (see [170] below).

(2) The complainant’s blood alcohol level

66 As noted by the Court of Appeal in Pram Nair (at [96(e)]), expert evidence,
such as that showing the complainant’s blood alcohol level, may assist the
court in determining whether the complainant had the capacity to consent. I
first deal with the experts’ evidence as to the calculation of the
complainant’s blood alcohol level, before turning to their evidence as to the
implications of the same.

(A) Dr Cheok’s estimates as to the complainant’s blood alcohol level

67 Dr Cheok’s report estimated the complainant’s blood alcohol concentration
(“BAC”) at 3.00am to be between 132.2 and 155.9mg/100ml. Dr Cheok explained
that he gave the BAC as a range because he was not provided with the exact
time that the Complainant’s blood sample had been taken. He was only informed
by IO Cheang that the blood sample was taken sometime between 10.05am and
11.40am on 19 May 2018. Applying an average rate of 15mg/100ml/hour at which
the human body metabolises alcohol to the BAC of 26mg/100ml in the blood
sample and then extrapolating backwards in time, Dr Cheok calculated that: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

P187 at para 13a (AB at p 40); NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 19 (ln 23 to 29).

(a) if the blood sample had been taken at 10.05am, the Complainant’s estimated
BAC at 3.00am would be 132.2mg/100ml; and

(b) if the blood sample had been taken at 11.40am, the Complainant’s estimated
BAC at 3.00am would be 155.9mg/100ml.

68 During examination-in-chief, Dr Cheok was informed that it had been
ascertained that the blood sample was taken at 11.40am. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 35 (ln 26 to 27).

The examination-in-chief then proceeded on the basis that 155.9mg/100ml would
be the applicable estimate at 3.00am based on an alcohol elimination rate of
15mg/100ml/hour. Dr Cheok also calculated that, using the same alcohol
elimination rate, the estimated BAC at 3.30am and 4.00am would be 148.4 and
140.9mg/100ml respectively. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 36 (ln 7 to 10).

69 As for why he adopted the alcohol elimination rate of 15mg/100ml/hour, Dr
Cheok explained that, for 95% of the population, the alcohol elimination rate
would range from 10mg/100ml/hour to 22mg/100ml/hour. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 28 (ln 11 to 16).

In previous court cases where he appeared as expert witness, both the defence
and prosecution expert witnesses were in agreement that 15mg/100ml/hour was a
reasonable elimination rate to use for someone who is healthy and not alcohol
dependent. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 29 ln 8 to 11.

By way of background, I note that this was also the alcohol elimination rate
adopted by the experts in Ong Mingwee (alias Wang Mingwei) v Public Prosecutor
[2013] 1 SLR 1217 (“Ong Mingwee”) and in Pram Nair for the purpose of
estimating BAC by backward extrapolation.

70 Dr Cheok’s report was prepared on the basis of the complainant’s self-
reporting that she did not drink alcohol regularly. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

P187 at para 9 (AB at p 39).

At trial, Dr Cheok was informed that the complainant had given evidence in
court that she had spent three months in Korea shortly before the incident,
and that she would go out about two to three times a week during which she
would drink two bottles of soju on each occasion. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 40 (ln 6 to 22).

Dr Cheok responded that, based on this new information, he would treat the
complainant as a fairly regular alcohol drinker and would use an alcohol
elimination rate of 18mg/100ml/hour instead. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 42 (ln 1 to 12).

He then recalculated the estimated BAC at 3.00am, 3.30am and 4.00am to be 182
mg/100ml, 173 mg/100ml and 164 mg/100ml respectively. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 42 (ln 20 to 23).

(To recapitulate, the significance of these three timings are: 3.00am
corresponded to roughly when the Car arrived at the Condominium, 3.30am
corresponded to roughly when the first episode of sexual activity commenced,
and 4.00am corresponded to roughly when the complainant entered the
Condominium.)

71 Dr Lim did not challenge either Dr Cheok’s original estimate or his revised
estimate. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PCS at para 94; D6 at para 4; NE 9 Nov 2021 at p 21 (ln 11 to 13).

72 Dr Cheok was also asked during examination-in-chief whether the
complainant’s BAC at 2.30am would have been higher or lower than at 3.00am. He
answered that it would have been higher at 2.30am. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 35 (ln 29 to 32).

Prior to arriving at this conclusion, Dr Cheok was informed that the
complainant took her last drink at around 1.30am. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 33 (ln 21 to 26).

Dr Cheok also explained that alcohol is absorbed into the blood stream mainly
through the small intestines, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 21 (ln 2 to 19).

and eliminated from the body mainly through the liver. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 22 (ln 26).

He also stated that maximum absorption typically occurs between 60 to 120
minutes after consumption. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 35 (ln 1).

Dr Lim’s evidence was that BAC would reach its peak about 30 to 120 minutes
after drinking. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

D5 at para 28.

73 For completeness, I should mention that during a later part of Dr Cheok’s
examination-in-chief, while addressing a series of questions concerning
alcohol-induced blackout, Dr Cheok suggested that two hours after the last
drink (ie, around 3.30am) would roughly correspond to the time when the
complainant’s BAC was peaking. However, during cross-examination, Dr Cheok’s
attention was brought to a passage from Exhibit P191 which reads: 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

P191 at pp 5 to 6.

The results from many controlled experiments show that Cmax [ie, maximum BAC]
usually occurs between 10 and 60 min after the end of drinking. But in any
individual case tmax [ie, time at which maximum BAC occurs] might be as short
as 10 min, if gastric emptying is rapid, or as long as 120 min when absorption
is slow, such as after a pyloric spasm.

After considering this passage, Dr Cheok opined that it would be fair and
reasonable to assume that BAC levels would peak at around 60 minutes after
drinking. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE 12 Nov 2020 at p 10 (ln 9 to 12) and p 11 (ln 13 to 14).

Dr Cheok also agreed that (a) the reference in the passage to “pyloric spasm”
refers to a situation where the muscle connecting the stomach to the small
intestines has cramped up such that the stomach is not releasing its contents
into the small intestines, and (b) this meant that the situation of BAC
peaking at two hours would be an outlying situation. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE 12 Nov 2020 at p 11 (ln 2 to 14).

74 To wrap up this point, I would also note that Dr Cheok’s opinion that the
complainant’s BAC would have been higher at 2.30am compared to at 3.00am was
corroborated by Dr Lim’s observation that the complainant appeared less
intoxicated in the CCTV footages from the Condominium than in the CCTV
footages from the Bar. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE 9 Nov 2021 at p 56 (ln 3) to p 57 (ln 2).

75 Given the lack of dispute between the experts on the following two points,
I accepted that:

(a) the complainant’s estimated BAC at 3.00am to 4.00am would have been
between 164 and 182 mg/100ml; and

(b) the complainant’s BAC at 2.30am would have been higher than at 3.00am.

(B) The experts’ evidence on the implications of the complainant’s blood
alcohol level

76 The first question to be answered was whether the complainant’s estimated
BAC of 164 to 182 mg/100ml at the material time was consistent with the
complainant having experienced alcohol-induced blackout. Dr Cheok gave
evidence that memory impairment would begin at about 130 to 170 mg/100ml. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 57 (ln 29 to 32).

According to Dr Lim, it was believed that alcohol-induced blackout would occur
when the BAC exceeded 140 mg/100ml. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

D5 at para 24.

The article tendered by Dr Cheok as Exhibit P190 also stated that “fragmentary
blackouts” occur at BACs of 150 mg/100ml or higher. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Exhibit P190 at p 100.

It may therefore be safely concluded that the complainant’s estimated BAC was
consistent with her having experienced alcohol-induced blackout at the
material time. Consequently, I accepted the expert witnesses’ assessment that
it was due to alcohol-induced blackout (and not any other reasons) that the
complainant had no recollection of what had occurred during the time that the
Sexual Acts took place.

77 As for the impact of the complainant’s BAC on her behaviour and capacity,
Dr Cheok referred to a number of tables in Exhibit P190 setting forth typical
behavioural and cognitive impairments at different BAC levels. Dr Cheok then
informed the court that, at the complainant’s estimated BAC, there would have
been impairment of judgement as well as incoordination in her movements. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 37 (ln 25 to 28).

However, during cross-examination, Dr Cheok’s attention was drawn to a passage
from Exhibit P190 which stated: “It should be noted, however, that individuals
may differ considerably in what symptoms of intoxication are exhibited at
various levels. It is speculative what symptoms of intoxication any specific
person would exhibit at BAC levels” [emphasis added]. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Exhibit P190 at p 99.

I set out the exchange as follows: 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 69 (ln 24 to 31).

Q: Okay, so correct me if I'm wrong, what the article is saying here is that
while the tables are a useful tool for analysing a general population, you
cannot in any meaningful way say that this particular person will act
according to this particular table at a specific BAC level. Do you agree?

A: Yes, because as mentioned for the variables here are, first of all, [their]
individual tolerance and [their] individual reaction to a particular BAC …
---which differs from individual to individual.

[emphasis added]

78 Dr Cheok also accepted that there was a need to correlate the complainant’s
BAC to her observed behaviour at that time: 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 36 (ln 16 to 31).

Q: … Right, so you had recorded---sorry, you had calculated, you know, for us
if the---her BAC levels at 3.00am to be 155.9, and then at 3.30 to be 148.4,
and then at 4 o’clock to be 140.9. Now, is there a significant difference in
your opinion?

A: So although they are numerically different--- … what we really need to do
in practical terms is we need to correlate this alcohol level to the observed
behaviour at that time.

Q: Yes.

A: So if there’s any footage of her---her behaviour that evening, because
alcohol affects different people in different ways. A person may be able to
take 140, another person may be totally intoxicated at 140. So, it really
depends on the characteristics of individual. So, the actual number itself
although it is important is not the whole story. The whole story is to
correlate the estimate together with observed behaviour that evening to---to
really come to an assessment about the level of intoxication.

[emphasis added]

79 I agreed with Dr Cheok that the complainant’s estimated BAC must be
considered together with her observed behaviour in order that a proper
assessment of her level of intoxication may be made. This would be consistent
with the approach adopted by the courts in Pram Nair and Ong Mingwee. In Pram
Nair, the complainant’s estimated BAC was 219 to 257 mg/100ml while in Ong
Mingwee, the complainant’s estimated BAC was 225 mg/100ml. Even though the
estimated BAC in Ong Mingwee fell within the ranges of estimated BAC values in
Pram Nair, the courts in these two cases came to opposite conclusions on the
respective complainant’s capacity to consent. In Pram Nair, the court
concluded that the complainant in that case lacked the capacity to consent as
it was observed that she could not talk in full sentences, could not stand up
by herself and was lacking control of basic motor functions. She was seen
pushing the accused away very weakly and lying down with little movement. She
was also not able to answer her phone. In contrast, the court in Ong Mingwee
concluded that the complainant in that case had the capacity to consent after
observing that, while the complainant was tipsy, not very stable and slightly
slurred in her speech, she was able to make coherent conversation, walk
unassisted and get into the taxi unsupported and unaided.

(C) The experts’ comments on the complainant’s capacity to consent

80 Before turning to consider the complainant’s observed behaviour, there was
one other aspect of the experts’ evidence to be considered. When IO Cheang
wrote to IMH on 7 December 2018 to request an expert opinion, he stated that
he needed an expert “to comment on the victim’s state of intoxication and
whether she would have been able to give her consent given the state she was
in”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

D3 at para 4.

Dr Cheok’s report of 25 January 2019 responded directly to this request by
stating the following in its concluding paragraph: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

P187 at para 13b (AB at p 40).

13b. She is likely to be intoxicated and impaired in her judgment. She is
young and does not drink alcohol regularly making her more susceptible to
intoxication. Supporting signs of her intoxication are found in paragraph 10
of Statement of Facts: “The accused kept observation and noticed that the
victim was struggling to enter the compound” and “After sometime, seeing that
the victim was not responding, the accused sat at the back seat with her to
wake her.” [The complainant] also reported that she fell down at the side gate
of her condominium when she first arrived at about 0248 hours. Her inability
to remember the events in the car may indicate an alcohol blackout or that she
was in deep sleep from the alcohol consumption. Overall, I opine she was
significantly intoxicated and not in state of mind to give consent to sexual
activity.

[emphasis in original in bold underline; emphasis added in italics]

81 My first observation would be that this conclusion was premised on a number
of factual errors. First, although the complainant told Dr Cheok that she did
not drink alcohol regularly, the evidence adduced at trial showed otherwise
(see [70] above). As a result, Dr Cheok decided during his examination-in-
chief to reclassify the complainant as a “fairly regular drinker” (as opposed
to a person who did not drink regularly). 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 42 (ln 1 to 12).

Second, the statement “[a]fter sometime [sic], seeing that the victim was not
responding, the accused sat at the back seat with her to wake her” was taken
from the part of IO Cheang’s summary of facts relating to the period after the
complainant had returned to the Car after failing to open the Condominium’s
side gate. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

P194 at para 10.

The evidence adduced at trial showed that the complainant was not asleep
during this period and there was no evidence that the accused woke her up.
Third, it was clear from the Condominium’s CCTV footage that, contrary to what
the complainant told Dr Cheok about her recollection, she did not fall down at
the side gate. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Condominium’s CCTV footage at timestamp 3.16am to 3.18am (P145 at slide 53).

82 Second, it appeared that, when preparing the report, Dr Cheok was operating
under a misapprehension of what constituted capacity to consent at law, as
demonstrated by the following exchange during Dr Cheok’s cross-examination:
110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 65 (ln 9) to p 66 (ln 6).

Q: Now, can you just explain what you mean by “being able to give valid
consent as when one was sober”?

A: Okay, consent is in general not a absolute black and white thing, right, in
my medical world with everything from, you know, verbal consent all the way to
informed consent for a medical procedure. And at the extreme of informed
consent, the person would need to know what the person’s info, the---the
consequences, the risk and as well of---of the procedure and if we will do---
if we’re going to do a medical procedure. Now, from medical perspective again,
we will call that “valid consent”. If a person in [the complainant’s] state of
intoxication had [come] into the---into my clinic and asked, for example, to
have a medical procedure done, for example let’s say she said, “Give me double
eyelid surgery because I want double eyelids”, for example, I wouldn’t do it
as a medical doctor because I don’t think she would be in that state of mind
to be able to fully comprehend the risk involved in undertaking such a
procedure.

[emphasis added]

83 Even though Dr Cheok subsequently clarified that he was not equating “valid
consent” to the concept of informed consent to a medical procedure, it would
appear that his understanding was influenced by the latter. This was evident
from his explanation that “I don’t think … she would understand … what she was
getting herself into fully” [emphasis added]. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 65 (ln 31) to p 66 (ln 1).

His understanding of “valid consent” thus required the complainant to
appreciate the full risks or consequences of her actions. This was also
evident from the distinction he drew, between consenting to something simple
like crossing the road with someone or getting into a car, versus consenting
to something “more sophisticated” such as “buying a car, for example, and to
have to sign a loan agreement, a sales and purchase agreement”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 65 (ln 29) to p 67 (ln 8).

84 Dr Cheok also appeared to conflate the concept of disinhibition (which he
referred to as a person “acting in ways that they wouldn’t be when they are
sober”) with the inability to comprehend the nature and consequences of one’s
actions. He was unable to accept that there was a meaningful distinction
between the two: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 67 (ln 28) to p 68 (ln 6).

Q: Okay. So---and this is where, Doctor, we have to draw the line, I think
…---between [disinhibition] and understanding, okay? And I would like you to
try to bear that in mind, alright? We are trying to distinguish between
somebody who having consumed alcohol may or may not be disinhibited, alright,
and so might perform out of character behaviour and someone who does not
understand what they are doing, doesn’t understand the nature of what they are
doing and doesn’t understand the consequences of what they are doing. Can we
draw the---those two distinctions?

A: I’m---I’m sorry, I don’t understand you because the---this is, to me, it
all---it comes part and parcel of an act.

[emphasis added]

This failure to distinguish the two concepts does not accord with the
principles enunciated in Pram Nair, which drew a clear distinction between
mere disinhibition and lack of capacity to consent (at [96(b)]).

85 I was thus not satisfied that Dr Cheok’s understanding of capacity to
consent was consistent with the applicable legal principles (see [56] above).

86 Dr Lim was similarly asked by the Defence to comment on the complainant’s
capacity to consent in his second report, but he did not do so. When asked
about this during cross-examination, Dr Lim candidly acknowledged that he was
not able to give a conclusive opinion on the complainant’s capacity to
consent. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE 9 Nov 2021 at p 21 (ln 14 to 20).

87 At this point, it would be useful to recall the following dictum of G P
Selvam J from Gunapathy Muniandy v James Khoo and others [2001] SGHC 165 (at
[12.3]):

12.3.The opening words of s 47 of the Evidence Act (supra), "When the Court
has to form an opinion," make it clear that opinion evidence when accepted
becomes the decision of the Court. It is the Court that finally forms the
final opinion and makes the decision. The section also dictates that in
matters of science and art the Court must receive the findings and reasons of
experts and only then determine the issues and decide the case. The
responsibility of making the conclusion and decision at all times, however,
rests solely with the Court. Accordingly, experts, however eminent, must never
be allowed to usurp the functions of the Court and decide an issue or, still
worse, the case. The Court must never shunt that responsibility to witnesses.

[emphasis in original in bold italics; emphasis added in italics]

This dictum was cited with approval by Chan Sek Keong CJ in George Abraham
Vadakathu v Jacob George [2009] 3 SLR(R) 631, a case concerning testamentary
capacity, when he commented (at [66]) that:

66 In my view, the District Judge was unfortunately intimidated by Dr N’s
forceful exposition of GG’s lack of testamentary capacity, and virtually
allowed him to decide this issue. This was contrary to the nature of the
judicial function. The court must decide the issues of fact and law, and not
allow an expert to decide them ... In the present case, the District Judge was
too deferential to Dr N’s expertise and did not apply her mind sufficiently to
the medical and non-medical evidence which showed that GG was in remission and
was able to understand what a will was.

[emphasis added]

88 With these principles in mind, I would pay less attention to the experts’
conclusions on the ultimate issue of whether the complainant had capacity to
consent, and focus my analysis on evaluating the complainant’s observed
behaviour with the assistance of the experts’ comments on those behaviour.
This was also the approach adopted in the Prosecution’s Closing Submission,
where no reliance was placed by the Prosecution on Dr Cheok’s conclusion on
the ultimate issue.

The complainant’s observed behaviour

(1) At the Bar

89 The Prosecution contended that the complainant had already been intoxicated
for some time before she boarded the accused’s Car. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

PCS at paras 15 to 38.

The complainant was feeling physically unwell after the Bar closed for the
night, had tried (and failed) to vomit three to four times in the Bar’s toilet
and had been stumbling as she walked out of the toilet. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PCS at paras 96 to 98.

Reliance was placed by the Prosecution on the CCTV footage and the testimonies
of LYS and VT, to corroborate the victim’s account of her physical and
emotional state. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS at paras 99 to 101.

90 I broadly set out the evidence on the complainant’s observed behaviour at
the Bar as follows.

91 Before the Bar’s lights were switched off for the night, LYS described the
complainant’s behaviour at about 1.18am (according to the timestamp on the
Bar’s CCTV footage) as “perfectly fine” and recalled that she was able to
converse with a waitress in the Korean language. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 52 (ln 18 to 28).

VT similarly described the complainant as “sober” even after drinking a few
pints of beer, and “still very chatty” and “laughing and smiling with [LYS]”
and “did not seem like out of the ordinary at all”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE 1 Oct 2020 at p 39 (ln 21 to 27) and p 74 (ln 30) to p 75 (ln 7).

92 After the Bar closed and the lights of the Bar were switched off at around
1.45am or 2.00am, some deterioration in the complainant’s motor control began
to emerge. The complainant described herself as feeling “very lightheaded and
giddy” 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 62 (ln 17 to 19).

and “a bit unwell” during this period. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 64 (ln 7 to 8).

. She was, however, able to key in her address on her phone to book a private
hire car by herself (the “first private hire car”). 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 22 (ln 21); NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 58 (ln 11).

93 When shown a CCTV video clip of her gait from this period, the complainant
described herself as taking “very heavy steps” in the first video, and then
stumbling to the left and right in the second video. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 61 (ln 14) to p 62 (ln 9).

On the other hand, LYS described that her gait “didn’t seem wobbly yet”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 55 (ln 21 to 28).

94 When the first private hire car arrived, the complainant was in the toilet
trying to vomit and LYS went to check on her. She then handed her phone over
to LYS and told him to cancel the booking on her behalf (which she could not
do as she was busy trying to vomit). 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 64 (ln 7) to p 65 (ln 4).

This suggested to me that she was, at the very least, sufficiently aware of
her surroundings and able to make decisions despite her intoxication and the
impairment in her motor skills.

95 After cancelling the first private hire car booking, LYS returned to the
toilet to check on the complainant. She told him that she “needed some time
to—to puke”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 64 (ln 18 to 20).

What followed was a brief exchange between LYS and the complainant, which
showed some lucidity on the latter’s part: LYS testified that he waited
outside the female toilet for about five to ten minutes, periodically asking
her “Are you okay?”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 64 (ln 24) to p 65 (ln 4).

She occasionally replied with either “I’m okay” or “I need more time” or “I’m
trying to puke, so give me a while”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCS at para 23; NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 65 (ln 9 to 18).

96 It was also relevant that the complainant had decided to reject LYS’s
offers to send her home and repeatedly emphasised that she was okay. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DCS at para 54(c); NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 86 (ln 2 to 7), p 112 (ln 2 to 13) and
p 130 (ln 12 to 15).

The complainant testified that she did this to avoid worrying him, whom she
knew to be a very anxious person. She had the presence of mind to recognise
that “[s]o if like I tell him like a little bit I’m not okay, he will be very
worried and paranoid”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 36 (ln 9 to 15).

She also did not want to trouble both LYS and VT to send her home as she was
concerned that they would have to “go a long way before they went back … home”
if they did so. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 35 (ln 22 to 29) and p 36 (ln 9 to 11).

Dr Cheok agreed that this decision demonstrated her ability to look beyond her
immediate means and to consider the impact of her words on her friend. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE 12 Nov 2020 at p 78 (ln 1 to 9).

97 During this time, the complainant’s motor control was observed to be
impaired and unsteady. When she came out of the toilet after the first
unsuccessful attempt at vomiting, LYS described her as appearing “a bit
lightheaded”, by which he meant that she was “a bit dizzy” and “a bit wobbly”
and “like, she needed some help when she was walking”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 66 (ln 2 to 15).

After yet another unsuccessful attempt at vomiting, LYS testified that the
complainant seemed “very unstable, she needed help” and that she “clearly
couldn’t walk on her own”. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 72 (ln 1 to 6).

CCTV footage showed LYS placing his hands on the complainant’s shoulders to
help her walk straight. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 66 (ln 24 to 26).

Afterwards, she returned again to the toilet to try to vomit. The complainant
testified that she was feeling “lightheaded and giddy” throughout this time.
136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 68 (ln 14).

98 At about 2.30am, LYS helped the complainant book a second private hire car.
The accused responded to this booking, and the Car arrived at the Bar within a
few minutes. The evidence showed that the complainant was still unsteady in
gait and had started crying and sobbing. When shown a CCTV footage of herself
returning to and exiting the toilet for the last time, the complainant
described that she had been crying and sobbing, as evidenced by her rubbing
her face with both hands, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 65 (ln 19) to p 66 (ln 13).

but testified that she was unsure why. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 66 (ln 14 to 19).

She also described, based on the CCTV footage, that she “couldn’t stand
properly” as her knees “went a bit wobbly”. She “almost … fell down” and
“almost tripped”. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 70 (ln 25 to 29).

LYS helped her by “[h]olding [her] hand and bringing [her]---walk straight.”
140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 71 (ln 3 to 14).

Similarly, VT recalled that she had gone to check on the complainant after the
Car arrived, and found her crying 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

AB at p 28, para 5; NE 1 Oct 2020 at p 43 (ln 5 to 11).

and squatting down beside a pillar with LYS for about ten minutes. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE 1 Oct 2020 at p 43 (ln 32) to p 44 (ln 5).

She was non-responsive to questions such as VT asking her “Are you okay? What
happened?” and LYS’s query as to her home address. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE 1 Oct 2020, p 45 (ln 9 to 23).

After getting up, she could not walk straight and was swaying unsteadily, and
needed to hold onto LYS when walking to the Car. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE 1 Oct 2020 at p 51 (ln 1 to 14).

99 LYS testified that the complainant’s demeanour at this time was “very
light-headed, like very lost” and “like very blur”. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 75 (ln 14 to 32).

VT testified that the complainant did not look “sober” because “firstly of her
walking, and then … it’s her facial expression … [i]t was a very sleepy look”
[emphasis added] at the time she reached out to grab her bags from VT while
walking past.

100 It was clear that the alcohol was having some effect on the complainant.
The most obvious effect was on the complainant’s motor control (see [92],
[93], [97] and [98] above). The complainant remembered stumbling after her
visits to the toilet, before squatting by a pillar and drain. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 32 (ln 3 to 30).

She was feeling lightheaded at the point in time. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 33 (ln 2 to 4).

It also impacted her emotional state. She was crying. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 33 (ln 5 to 25).

According to her, her light-headedness and giddiness had gotten “worse a
little bit” by the time she was about to board the Car. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 36 (ln 16 to 18).

101 However, the complainant was also not completely oblivious of her
surroundings or incapable of reacting to others in contextually-relevant ways.
LYS accepted that she would have been able to “react to normal conversation or
to make decisions as a normal person would … [except] maybe [with a] slightly
slower reaction” [emphasis added]. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE 1 Oct 2020 at p 25 (ln 25 to 30).

He also accepted that she had been responsive to his questions, except that he
sometimes had to repeat the questions. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE 1 Oct 2020 at p 26 (ln 1 to 15).

For instance, once LYS told her that the Car had arrived, she “just stood up
by [herself] and walked down back to the car” (albeit with some stumbling).
152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 34 (ln 2 to 7).

Both LYS and VT also accepted that the complainant had initiated the
collection of her bags and that she had the presence of mind to turn to VT and
collect her bags. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE 1 Oct 2020 at p 65 (ln 14 to 16).

It was also undisputed that the complainant walked to VT unassisted, to
collect her bags, and boarded the Car on her own. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE 1 Oct 2020 at p 21 (ln 10 to 16); NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 37 (ln 22) to p 38 (ln
11).

102 The Prosecution suggested that the complainant was so intoxicated that she
felt like vomiting. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

PCS at para 31.

This was contradicted by the complainant’s own testimony. She explained that
she had a practice of forcing herself to vomit in order to expel the alcohol
from her body. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 23 (ln 20) to p 24 (ln 22).

She testified: “I don’t feel like vomiting, I force myself to vomit”. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 24 (ln 18).

She would do this when she had four to five pints to drink and “fe[lt] more
lightheaded”, 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 23 (ln 23 to 27) and p 24 (ln 3 to 6).

as it would help her to “feel better” and “more sober and conscious”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 25 (ln 4 to 8 and ln 23 to 24).

103 Overall, the evidence supported a finding that the complainant was
intoxicated. But the relevant inquiry was not whether the complainant was
intoxicated per se but whether she was so intoxicated that she was unable to
understand the nature and consequence of what she was consenting to. There was
sufficient evidence indicating her situational awareness and judgement (see
[96] and [101] above), which suggested that, at this stage, she could not be
described fairly as being unable to understand the nature and consequences of
her choices.

(2) When boarding the Car at the Bar

104 The Prosecution relied on VT’s evidence as to the complainant’s demeanour
when she boarded the accused’s car. According to VT, the complainant was
conscious and not lying down on the seat. But VT also described the
complainant’s state as “not responsive”, meaning that “she just [sat] down
there and just stare[d] into space” and like “she’s in her own daydream kind
of thing”. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE 1 Oct 2020 at p 58 (ln 18 to 25) and p 59 (ln 8 to 10).

105 Non-responsive was, however, not an accurate description of the
complainant’s state at the time. The evidence showed that the complainant did
respond to some of the exchanges that were taking place around her. For
instance, to LYS’s request that she text him after reaching home, the
complainant replied “yah yah yah”. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

DCS at para 56; NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 107.

The complainant also completed the accused’s sentence “193, ah?” by stating
her address. Further, as the Car was exiting the Bar’s carpark, the accused
said to the complainant “If you want to puke, just let me know”, to which the
complainant respond with “It’s okay, it’s okay”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 95 (ln 5 to 14).

106 The Prosecution submitted that the complainant’s ability to state her
address hardly had any bearing on her state of intoxication, relying on Dr
Cheok’s evidence. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

PCS at para 103.

Dr Cheok postulated that the complainant was able to understand and respond
because this was a “very basic” and “nothing … sophisticated” type of
question. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 50 (ln 24) to p 51 (ln 10).

In his view, a person with similar blood alcohol level to the complainant
would be able to understand and respond to such basic questions, such as being
asked their name, NRIC or address. Dr Lim disagreed and opined that, at the
very least, this exchange showed that the complainant’s retrieval process was
working to be able to retrieve information such as her address. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NE 9 Nov 2021 at p 10 (ln 27) to p 11 (ln 2) and p 11 (ln 21 to 28).

On this issue, I preferred Dr Lim’s evidence. However, I would note that, even
if the Prosecution was right that not much reliance could be placed by the
Defence on this exchange, it did not change the fact that, about 20 seconds
after this exchange, the complainant was able to respond with “It’s ok, it’s
okay” when the accused said “If you want to puke, just let me know”. When this
latter exchange was played to the complainant in court, she agreed that she
was responding appropriately to the accused and that she sounded alert when
responding. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 105 (ln 5 to 20).

107 For the reasons above, I was not persuaded that the evidence relating to
this period demonstrated lack of capacity to consent.

(3) During the car ride from the Bar to the Condominium

108 After boarding the Car, the complainant testified that she continued to
feel lightheaded and thus closed her eyes, while continuing to cry. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 38 (ln 16 to 21).

Her evidence was that she remembered just closing her eyes and sleeping after
the Car left the Bar, 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 95 (ln 27 to 31).

and that she fell asleep the moment he started driving. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 40 (ln 2 to 3).

In her conditioned statement and at trial, she maintained that she had only
been awoken by the accused when the Car reached her destination. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

AB at p 24, para 7; NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 39 (ln 27 to 30).

At trial, she further testified that she was not aware of her surroundings
throughout the car journey, including the Car reversing towards the fire
engine gate of her condominium. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 101 (ln 12 to 14) and p 103 (ln 15 to 17).

When asked “When were you crying?”, her answer was that she could not
remember. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 40 (ln 4 to 5).

She also could not remember anything else being said by her or the accused
during the journey. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 40 (ln 8 to 10).

For instance, she did not remember hearing the accused ask “Are you okay?”
several times, some of which were captured by the in-car audio recording. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 97 (ln 13) to p 98 (ln 29) and p 100 (ln 27) to p 101 (ln
5).

109 The in-car audio recordings captured crying and sniffling sounds from the
complainant at various junctures, but did not capture any replies from the
complainant to the accused’s questions of “Are you okay?”. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

PCS at para 104.

At trial, the complainant described the “sniffling” sounds as “like my nose
got blocked by all the crying earlier on”. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 96 (ln 25 to 26).

The fact that she was sniffling or crying at various times meant that she
would have been awake at those times, and therefore she could not have been
asleep throughout the entire car journey.

110 Overall, the available evidence of the complainant’s behaviour during this
period did not support a finding of lack of capacity to consent, especially
when this evidence was considered in the context of the evidence concerning
what had occurred immediately before she boarded the Car and immediately after
the Car arrived at the Condominium.

(4) Arrival at the Condominium for the first time

111 Upon arrival at the Condominium, the complainant was heard rummaging
through her things. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

PCS at para 107.

The in-car audio recording also captured the accused asking “Do you need my
help?” a number of times, but the complainant did not respond. She testified
at trial that she had not heard these questions. The accused then said “I can
park my car one side first. Is it okay?” and the complainant replied, “sorry”.
178

##### Foot Note 178

×

PCS at para 107; NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 3 (ln 4 to 6 and ln 14 to 19) and p 4 (ln
7 to 8 and ln 18 to 21).

At trial, the complainant agreed that this showed that she knew what he was
saying and that she knew that she was inconveniencing him. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 4 (ln 28 to 31).

She further explained that she had “kept saying sorry” because she heard
herself crying and “wanted to faster get down the car”. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 5 (ln 8 to 12).

112 After the accused moved the Car to park just past the entrance of the
Condominium, the complainant was heard telling the accused that she was “not
ready”, to which the accused replied “yah, no problem, don’t worry”. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 12 (ln 28) to p 13 (ln 3).

At trial, the complainant agreed that this likely meant that she was not ready
to leave the Car. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 15 (ln 6).

She also suggested an alternative explanation that she had been “not ready”
because she was in the process of collecting all her belongings before
alighting. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NE 8 Oct 2020, p 13 to p 14.

According to Dr Cheok, it would be reasonable to infer that the complainant
had been aware of her circumstances and of whether she was ready to leave the
Car. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

NE 12 Nov 2020 at p 90 (ln 32.

113 In fact, she was at that point searching for her wallet, intending to pay
for the ride. The Prosecution contended that the fact that the complainant
attempted to pay for the ride indicated that she was intoxicated at that time,
as she had previously seen LYS passing cash to the accused at the Bar’s
carpark, but did not recall that fact until the accused returned the change to
her and told her that LYS had paid for the ride. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

PCS at para 109; NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 41 (ln 1 to 2) and p 42 (ln 1 to 7).

The Prosecution also relied on the fact that, despite her difficulty finding
her wallet in the dark, the complainant did not ask the accused to switch on
the lights inside the Car because she “wasn’t thinking at that point in time”.
186

##### Foot Note 186

×

PCS at para 109; NE 7 Oct 2020 at pp 10 to 11.

However, as set out above at [57], what was relevant was not whether the
complainant was intoxicated per se, but the extent to which this impacted her
ability to appreciate her surroundings and understand the nature and
consequences of her actions.

114 While the complainant not remembering that LYS had paid for the ride could
be a sign of intoxication, I did not regard it as an indication that she was
not able to appreciate her surroundings. The complainant testified that, when
the accused informed her that the ride had already been paid for, this
prompted her to remember that she had seen LYS passing the accused cash at the
Bar. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 41 (ln 1) to p 42 (ln 2).

This meant that, firstly, she understood what the accused told her and,
secondly, she was able to correlate what the accused said with her own memory
of an event she had witnessed earlier (but which had momentarily slipped her
mind). As for the complainant not asking the accused to switch on the lights,
this did not detract from the fact that she actually asked the accused for
help with finding her wallet. She testified that when she said “[my] wallet is
over there” instead of taking the wallet herself, it was a request for help in
response to the accused asking her whether she needed help. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 10 (ln 27 to 31).

This meant that she understood what the accused was saying when he offered to
help, and she was able to make the decision to ask for help.

115 The next relevant period concerned the complainant’s observed behaviour as
she attempted to access the Condominium by the side gate.

116 The Prosecution relied on the complainant’s unsteady gait and feeling
“giddy and lightheaded” as evidence of her continued intoxication. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

PCS at para 110.

She testified that she was stumbling as she walked to the side gate and was
feeling “very tired” at this point of the night. The Condominium’s CCTV
footage also captured her movements while waiting at the side gate which she
described as “very unstable” and “cannot stand straight”, after dialling the
telecom and waiting for someone to pick up. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

PCS at para 110; NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 26 (ln 10 to 13).

That the complainant’s motor control continued to be impaired was corroborated
by the CCTV footage which also showed that the accused had placed his hands on
the complainant’s shoulders to support her as she later walked back to the
Car. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 28 (ln 16 to 26).

117 At one point, the complainant squatted down outside the side gate. She
explained that she was “a bit tired” and was trying to find her access card
with both her hands. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 45 (ln 24 to 25).

However, she also explained that she had stood a little further away from the
gate “because…usually there’s a cat on the top of the gate. So it will jump
down any time”. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 24 (ln 28 to 29).

Dr Cheok agreed that the complainant’s ability to remember that there might be
a cat at the gate, despite not seeing it at that time, 194

##### Foot Note 194

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 24 (ln 30 to 31).

indicated that she had been aware that she was home and that her ability to
determine the nature and consequences of her actions was not severely
impaired. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NE 12 Nov 2020 at p 94 (ln 6 to 26).

118 Overall, I was not convinced that the evidence of the complainant’s
behaviour during this period pointed to the conclusion that she was unable to
understand the nature and consequences of her actions. While I accepted that
her motor impairment and certain actions were indicative of continued
intoxication, the evidence on a whole also suggested that she retained the
ability to understand and decide.

(5) After returning to the Car

119 The complainant remembered the accused asking her if she wanted to go back
to the Car and take a seat first after she failed to enter the Condominium.
She believed that he did so because he saw that she was still crying. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 44 (ln 12 to 18).

She remembered that she agreed to go back to the Car “because [she] was
feeling very tired”. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

NE 6 Oct 2020 at p 44 (ln 31) to p 45 (ln 3).

120 After returning to the Car, the complainant not only continued crying but
also knocked her head against the window and repeatedly “thumped” herself on
her chest. The Prosecution relied on this evidence of the complainant’s
heightened “emotional lability” and “emotional instability” as a “clear and
unambiguous sign” that she was severely intoxicated, citing Dr Cheok’s
evidence. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

PCS at para 114.

121 However, it was also relevant that the complainant had, several times,
stopped such behaviour momentarily when the accused verbally urged her to
stop. This largely took place in the 14 minutes where there was a gap in the
in-car video recording. Hence, the sole account was from the accused, whom I
found to be a credible witness and whose evidence I accepted (see [154]–[159]
below). I set out the relevant portions of the accused’s evidence as follows:
199

##### Foot Note 199

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 31 (ln 24 to 30).

Okay, so what happened was she starts to, know, continue to thump her chest
and---and I try to stop, or rather I tell her to stop. She stopped. But after
a while, it come back again---I mean she continue to do it. Then eventually
she starts to hit her head or she not---she just tap her head on the---on---on
the window of the car door. Yah. So, every time she---every time she did that,
I tell her to stop. So the initial times she---she managed to stop. But then
she repeats herself again.

[emphasis added]

122 The complainant’s actions thus demonstrated an awareness of what the
accused was communicating to her, and her ability to process and accept his
suggestion. As the Defence pointed out, the fact that she would resume these
actions thereafter was not, in itself, an indicator that she was unable to
understand her actions. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

DCS at para 95(b)(i).

123 In another brief exchange, the accused asked the complainant whether she
was okay. The complainant replied that she was okay, before continuing to cry.
At trial, she explained that she had responded in this way because she did not
know the accused and thus did not wish to say much to him. Dr Cheok agreed
that this explanation showed an awareness of her surroundings (ie, she was
aware that she was with a stranger), and of the differences in sharing
“personal” information with different people. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

NE 12 Nov 2020 at p 96 (ln 3 to 11).

124 I deal with the evidence of the complainant’s behaviour during the sexual
activities in greater detail below when considering the issue of consent in
fact. What was significant to the question of capacity was that towards the
end of the sexual activities, the complainant started saying “no” and pushed
the accused’s hands away. This “no” was verbalised as the accused was trying
to move his hand up her thigh and towards her vagina (see [145] below). On
cross-examination, the complainant accepted that the “no” indicated that she
did not want to be touched anymore but was slow to agree that it evidenced her
ability to convey such an intention. The basis of her hesitation to this
question, however, was that she thought that she might have been asleep at
that time and was capable of making noises while asleep. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 52 (ln 13 to 21).

But the evidence showed that she was in fact awake and neither was it the
Prosecution’s case that she had been asleep during the sexual activities. By
process of elimination, it must be taken that the complainant’s verbalised
“no” evidenced an ability to convey the intention that she did not want to be
touched anymore. Dr Cheok, too, accepted as much during cross-examination: 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

NE 12 Nov 2020 at p 112 (ln 5 to 25).

Q: … While he was sucking on her nipple, he tried to---he uses the phrase
“finger” her but realised that she was not participative. And that may
correspond with the very start of this last video where---you know, so he had
been fondling and kissing or sucking her breast in the earlier two videos. And
then when he reached down to her nether regions, she objected. Okay. So by
this time, it would appear she had made a decision that she was okay to fool
around further but not in respect of her vagina. Would that be a fair
conclusion to reach?

A: Yes.

…

Q: So looking at that context, would it be fair to say that she retained her
capacity to decide whether or not to consent to sex?

A: At---at that moment?

Q: Yes.

A: I---I think she does\---does have some capacity. But, again, she was still
intoxicated.

[emphasis added]

125 Similarly, Dr Lim suggested that the complainant’s reaction showed an
awareness of what was happening and an ability to give or refuse consent at
that point. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

DCS at para 100(e); NE 9 Nov 2021 at p 14 (ln 2) to p 15 (ln 2), p 36 (ln 16)
to p 37 (ln 27) and p 39 (ln 8 to 11).

126 After the sexual activities, the accused asked the complainant if she was
okay. She responded by saying yes, before asking him to “just drive” despite
the Car having been parked right opposite her Condominium. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 43 (ln 29) to p 44 (ln 1).

Dr Lim opined that this showed that she wanted to process something in her
head, which substantiated his opinion above that she was able to give consent:
206

##### Foot Note 206

×

NE 9 Nov 2021 at p 14 (ln 27 to 29); DCS at para 100(e).

I would be inclined, not 100%, but as if she’s trying to process in the head
something going on. Something that has---must be---has---must have happened.

127 When asked at trial, Dr Cheok also accepted this to be a reasonable
explanation. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

NE 12 Nov 2020 at p 116 (ln 7 to 32).

To my mind, the complainant’s responses reflected an ability to assess whether
to leave or to remain in the car with the accused, even after the sexual
activities had just taken place.

(6) After exiting the Condominium

128 The Prosecution relied on several facts in contending that the complainant
continued to exhibit signs of intoxication after the alleged offences. First,
the complainant had left the accused’s car without her safety shorts and
underwear. According to the Prosecution, this evidenced that her brain
function was “considerably impaired”. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

PCS at para 117.

Second, the complainant testified that she did not have any reason for exiting
her Condominium shortly after entering the compound. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

PCS at para 119; NE 7 Oct 2020 at pp 50 to 51.

Third, the complainant continued to act “bizarrely” after exiting the
Condominium. She recalled walking along the road in front of the Condominium
by herself without her belongings. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 56 (ln 1 to 7).

When shown the CCTV footage in court, the complainant commented that she was
walking “very aimlessly” and “very unstable” in her movements. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 51 (ln 25 to 28).

Eventually, she found herself lying in the middle of the road and did not know
if she had fainted or laid down on the road on her own, 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 55 (ln 12 to 18).

feeling “tired” and “no energy”. Her next memory was of the paramedics waking
her up. Fourth, the complainant was found to have an “altered mental state”
with some impairment in her level of consciousness when the paramedics
attended to her at around 4.54am, 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

PCS at para 121; NE 9 Oct 2020 at pp 50, 54 and 63.

and was crying. PW29 Zaneta Lee (“Ms Lee”), a paramedic, also observed that
the complainant kept struggling and crying, and did not want anyone to touch
her.

129 On first impression, these behaviours and the fact that the complainant
was later found unconscious in the middle of the road appeared to provide some
support for the Prosecution’s case of general lethargy and incapacity. I was,
however, slow to rely too heavily on evidence of the complainant’s state after
the sexual activities had occurred. The Defence suggested that deterioration
in the complainant’s mental state may have been due to fatigue, 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

DCS at para 113.

which only became severe enough after the sexual episodes. This was plausible
when one considered (a) the time of the night and, consequently, the
complainant’s increasing state of sleep deprivation, and (b) the fact that she
had just engaged in sexual activities.

Conclusion on whether the complainant had capacity to consent

130 I was satisfied that there were several points across the night where the
complainant demonstrated awareness of her surroundings and the capacity to
make decisions or choices (with awareness of their nature and consequences),
despite her intoxication. In assessing the evidence, I was mindful that
consent is highly contextual. Deciding to, for instance, enter a car and
deciding to have sex are qualitatively different choices. Understanding the
nature and consequence of these two decisions may call for differing degrees
of understanding and cognition. Therefore, the point was not, for example,
that simply because the complainant could decide whether or not to accept her
friend’s offer to send her home, that she must necessarily have been able to
decide whether to engage in sexual activities. In the final analysis, viewing
in totality her situational awareness and the decisions she was shown to be
capable of making throughout the night, there existed sufficient reasonable
doubt over the assertion that she was incapable of consenting to the Sexual
Acts.

Whether the complainant in fact gave consent

The parties’ arguments

131 The Prosecution submitted that the evidence supported an inference that
the complainant did not consent to sexual activity with the accused. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

PCS at para 87.

There were three key planks to the Prosecution’s submission, namely: One, the
accused’s in-car camera did not record any verbalised consent by the
complainant to the Sexual Acts. Two, the fact that the complainant said “no”
towards the end of the sexual activities indicated that she did not consent to
any sexual activity with the accused. Three, the Prosecution relied on
evidence of the complainant’s behaviour after the alleged offences, namely,
the suggestion by the paramedic, Ms Lee, that the complainant could have been
sexually assaulted because she kept crying and struggling when the team of
paramedics attended to her.

132 The Defence submitted that the Prosecution has not proven beyond a
reasonable doubt that the complainant did not consent. The Defence highlighted
that the complainant did not voice any objection or show any resistance
throughout the two episodes of sexual activities, and she appeared wholly at
ease with the accused.

133 I note as a preliminary point that, as the complainant could not recall
whether she gave consent due to her alcohol-induced blackout, the sole account
of what happened during the Sexual Acts therefore came from the accused, who
was the only other person in the Car with the complainant at the material
time. As such, as the Prosecution also accepted during submissions, the
assessment of whether there was actual consent in fact turned largely on the
assessment of credibility of the accused’s testimony.

The accused’s version of events

134 There were two distinct episodes of the sexual activities. In between the
two episodes, there was a brief break in the sexual activities during which
the accused drove the Car down the road, made a three-point turn and stopped
across the road from the Condominium. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

DCS at para 96.

(1) The first episode of sexual activities

135 The accused’s account was broadly consistent across his investigative
statements and at trial, and was as follows. After the complainant was unable
to gain access to her Condominium and returned to the back seat of the Car,
the accused initially returned to the driver’s seat and sat down. Over the
next few minutes, the complainant continued “sobbing and crying”, 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 28 (ln 23 to 31).

was “thumping” (ie, pounding) herself on her chest 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 28 (ln 28 to 31); AB at p 95, para 13.

and hitting her head on the window of the Car (see [120] above). As a result,
the accused was concerned about the complainant and, on certain occasions,
went to the back seat to “calm her down” and “stop her from … thumping her
chest” by holding her hand, 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 33 (ln 10 to 20).

and thereafter returned to the driver’s seat when she seemed to calm down.
This happened about “three or four times, or maybe two or three times” by his
recollection. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 33 (ln 23 to 25).

The accused’s account was broadly corroborated by the in-car audio recording
starting at timestamp 3:10:02, in which the accused could be heard telling the
complainant to “don’t think too much” and “just close your eyes” and “just
take a nap”. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

DCS at para 93(b).

It was also consistent with the accused’s First Long Statement and Second Long
Statement, where he described that he had been trying to console her and
prevent her from hitting herself.

136 After a period of time, the accused went to the back seat of the Car to
look through the complainant’s handbag. He testified that the complainant was
still “visibly upset” and he intended to search for her NRIC and handphone in
the hope of finding a way to contact someone who could come and get her, or
alternatively, to check for her address on her NRIC so that he could obtain a
unit number to dial using the Condominium’s intercom system. 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 34 (ln 20 to 26).

He testified that the complainant’s head was leaning on his shoulder as he was
searching inside her handbag with one hand. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 35 (ln 10 to 12).

The other hand (namely, his left hand) was holding on to the complainant’s
right hand. He managed to locate the complainant’s unit number on her NRIC and
turned around to look at her.

137 It was then that the complainant initiated the series of acts that turned
sexual in nature, beginning by kissing him. To be fair, the accused did not
actually tell the court that the complainant initiated the kiss. All that he
said was “after I put the items back in the bag, I turned around and then next
[thing] I know we end up kissing”. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 35 (ln 15 to 16).

When asked who initiated the kiss, he answered “not me”. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 36 (ln 6 to 7).

By the process of elimination, the accused’s position must be taken to be that
the complainant had initiated the kiss.

138 However, there is one aspect of the accused’s evidence that calls for some
comment. When asked whether his denial of being the one who initiated the kiss
meant that the kiss was initiated by the only other person in the Car (ie, the
complainant), he replied “I cannot remember but I can say with certainty that
it’s not me because I did not initiate the kiss”. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 36 (ln 10 to 13).

The Prosecution submitted that the accused’s account was “confounding” and
“most unbelievable”, and was a disingenuous response borne out of the
realisation that “it would be inherently incredible for the victim to ever
initiate such sexual contact in such an inebriated state”. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

PCS at para 145.

First, given my finding on the complainant’s capacity to consent, I did not
agree with the Prosecution that it would be inherently incredible for the
complainant to initiate sexual contact. Second, the accused had provided a
reasonable explanation for his reticence on this issue in the following
exchange: 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

NE 30 Jul 2021 at p 34 (ln 1 to 20).

Q: Alright. Now, since you can say with some certainty that you did not
initiate the kiss, you must be saying that it was the complainant who
initiated the kiss, correct?

A: No, I also don’t want to make a false statement, right? Because I---I only
know that I did not do it. Yah. So---so that’s all I can say from my end.

…

Q: And you---sorry, I apologise---and you say that “I don’t---I also don’t
want to make a false statement.”

A: Well, I said I---I---one passage which was---trying to make me say that she
---I’m implying that she did it but I’m trying to tell---tell you that from---
I didn’t do it, that’s all I can say.

It would be clear from this exchange that the accused spoke the way he did
because he wanted to confine himself to giving evidence only on matters which
he could remember as facts, and did not wish to engage in making inferences
about things he could not remember, even if such inferences might appear to be
logically inevitable to anyone listening to his evidence. While I found the
accused’s concern rather strange and unusual, I could understand and
appreciate his sentiment and explanation. I therefore did not regard this as a
strong reason to doubt the accused’s credibility.

139 Going back to the narrative, the accused testified that sometime during
the kissing, they had started “touching” and “fondling” each other: he
described that the complainant was stroking his thighs and “actually reaching
out to [touch] my thighs, my legs especially, the lower part of my body”. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 36 (ln 15) to p 37 (ln 2).

He testified that she had straddled him and it was around this time that he
inserted his right finger into her vagina and was fingering her, which formed
the subject of the first charge against the accused. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 39 (ln 15 to 18).

At this time, the accused was still fully clothed.

140 By his account, the complainant started gyrating her hips and, at some
point in time, laid down, spread her legs 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 41 (ln 24 to 25).

and subsequently tried to pull the accused towards her. 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 42 (ln 7 to 12).

By this time, the accused had removed his pants and attempted to penetrate the
complainant with his penis. This formed the subject of the second charge
against him. In this manner, the complainant reciprocated the accused’s
kissing and touching. She allegedly fellated him at one point. And there was
no evidence of any resistance or objection throughout. The accused interpreted
these signs to mean that the complainant wanted sex. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 40 (ln 16 to 24).

Throughout the entire period of the first episode of sexual activities, the
accused confirmed at trial that the complainant “never [said] anything”. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 40 (ln 17).

141 The Defence suggested that the complainant’s moaning sounds, part of which
were captured by the in-car audio recordings during this period, did not
indicate any resistance to the sexual activities and in fact suggested that
she was responding favourably to the physical stimulation. In this sense, they
broadly corroborated the accused’s version of events, in that the complainant
had been a willing participant and reciprocated his kissing and touching. When
listening to the in-car audio recording from this period, the complainant
accepted that she was making “loud moaning noises” at various times throughout
the first episode of sexual activities. 235

##### Foot Note 235

×

DCS at para 98; NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 37 (ln 4 to 8); NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 40 (ln
15 to 27).

For instance, the in-car audio recording starting at timestamp 3:32:37
captured the complainant moaning in the first five seconds. The accused then
asked her “are you okay” and the complainant appeared to give a short moan in
response. 236

##### Foot Note 236

×

DCS at para 98(a).

(2) The second episode of sexual activities

142 According to the accused, he ended the first episode of sexual activities
when he became “suddenly … aware” of his surroundings and felt “uncomfortable
with having sex in the open”. 237

##### Foot Note 237

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 44 (ln 1 to 3).

Up to this point in time, the Car had been parked at the entrance of the
complainant’s Condominium and the place was well lit. 238

##### Foot Note 238

×

AB at p 97, para 22.

The accused thus decided to shift his car before continuing with the sexual
activities. He told the complainant to stop and that “[i]f you want to
continue, maybe we go somewhere else”.

143 By the accused’s account, the complainant did not indicate any discomfort,
verbally or otherwise, during this brief break in the sexual activities. He
testified that the complainant remained in the back seat and said nothing,
while he moved the Car to the road opposite the Condominium. 239

##### Foot Note 239

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 51 (ln 7 to 10).

The in-car audio recordings (namely, starting at timestamp 3:43:41, 3:44:03,
3:45:04 and part of 3:46:04) corroborated this account in so far as they did
not capture any verbal sounds of discomfort or protest from the complainant.

144 Neither was there any resistance from the complainant when the second
episode began shortly after the accused parked his Car. This time, it was the
accused who initiated intimacy as he testified that he “wanted to continue to
have sex”. 240

##### Foot Note 240

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 50 (ln 24); AB at p 97, para 24.

Similar to the first episode, the complainant’s moaning continued and was
captured by the in-car audio recording. The accused testified that there was
some reciprocation of his kissing and touching her. 241

##### Foot Note 241

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 52 (ln 6 to 8).

It was during this time that the accused inserted his right hand beneath the
complainant’s bra, fondled her breasts and sucked on her left nipple, which
formed part of the subject of the third charge. He also attempted to insert
his finger into her vagina, which formed the remaining part of the subject of
the third charge. He testified that he stopped doing so when he sensed that
she was “not as involved” and less participative than before. 242

##### Foot Note 242

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 52 (ln 29) to p 53 (ln 11).

145 This part of the accused’s testimony was consistent with the account given
in his First Long Statement 243

##### Foot Note 243

×

AB at p 97, para 24.

and Second Long Statement.” 244

##### Foot Note 244

×

AB at p 104, Q/A 15.

It was also corroborated by the in-car audio recording. At trial, the
complainant agreed that she heard herself moaning and saying “no” in the in-
car audio recording starting at timestamp 3:48:04, and that after she uttered
the word “no”, no further moans from the complainant were heard. 245

##### Foot Note 245

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 50 (ln 14 to 20).

Consideration of the Prosecution’s submissions

146 I turn now to consider the Prosecution’s submissions outlined at [131]
above, before making my findings on the credibility of the accused’s
testimony.

147 First, the Prosecution submitted that the lack of verbalised consent
supported an inference that the complainant did not consent. I did not
understand the Prosecution to be submitting that consent must always be
verbalised and could never be manifested in non-verbal ways. Instead, I
believed that the point being made was that, had there been evidence of verbal
consent, this would have been a point conclusively in favour of the Defence.
However, since there was no verbal consent, it left room for the court to
infer from the totality of the evidence that there was no consent. The
foregoing understanding was confirmed by counsel for the Prosecution when he
agreed with me during oral submissions that the lack of verbal consent was not
conclusive because the law does not require consent to be verbal. Understood
in this way, I did not find this submission objectionable. However, acceptance
of this submission would not automatically lead to the inference that the
complainant did not consent. It just meant that the court needed to look to
other available evidence to determine the question.

148 Second, the Prosecution relied on the evidence of the paramedic, Ms Lee,
who attended to the complainant after the event. Ms Lee stated that she had
observed the complainant’s behaviour to be similar to those of other sexual
assault patients in her experience. This evidence constituted lay opinion as
Ms Lee had gone beyond mere observation of the complainant’s state to an
evaluative comparison of (i) the complainant’s behaviour with (ii) those
observed by her in past cases. Her evidence also consisted of a conclusion
that (i) and (ii) were sufficiently similar as to warrant an inference of
sexual assault. It was difficult to see how an assessment of this nature could
be reliably conducted without some form of expert scientific evidence.

149 Thus, even if Ms Lee’s lay opinion was admissible, I would not give it
much weight. Quite apart from the concerns raised above, her comparisons were
drawn from a very small sample size of three or four past cases in her
experience of working as a paramedic. 246

##### Foot Note 246

×

DCS at para 118(a); NE 9 Oct 2020 at p 44 (ln 8 to 32).

When pressed, she provided details on the behaviour and circumstances of those
patients which were, at best, vague and sparse, and could not be tested by
counsel or the court. This provided a shaky foundation for Ms Lee’s opinion at
best.

150 In any case, Dr Lim had also explained that the complainant’s observed
reaction might be attributable to confusion arousal and sleep inertia. 247

##### Foot Note 247

×

DCS at para 118(b); NE 9 Nov 2021 at p 47 (ln 7 to 29).

This offered a reasonable explanation which would be consistent with the
facts. The complainant had just been awoken by the paramedics, in an
unfamiliar location, with difficulty recalling what had occurred prior because
of her alcohol-induced blackout. Accordingly, I decided to give no weight to
Ms Lee’s opinion evidence.

151 Third, the Prosecution submitted that the complainant’s utterance of “no”
towards the end of the sexual activities was an indication that she had not
consented to any sexual activity with the accused. The Prosecution suggested
that the complainant did not say “no” earlier only because “her state of
intoxication rendered her incapable of doing so”. 248

##### Foot Note 248

×

PCS at para 91.

Framed in this manner, this submission was in substance premised on the
complainant not having the capacity to consent to any of the sexual activities
which occurred before she uttered the word “no”. Given my earlier finding that
the complainant had capacity at the time of the alleged offences, this
submission would naturally fall away. In fact, my finding on capacity meant
that the complainant’s utterance of “no” was more plausibly construed as a
prospective withdrawal of consent which had, up to that point in time, been
given.

152 The Prosecution also made a submission concerning the interpretation of
the complainant’s moans. From the way this submission appeared within the
structure of the Prosecution’s Closing Submission, it would seem that this was
not an independent fourth plank of the Prosecution’s submission, but a
rebuttal of an anticipated argument which was foreshadowed in the Defence’s
earlier submissions for no case to answer. The submission was that the Defence
would be wrong to argue that the only reasonable inference to be drawn from
the complainant’s moans was that she had consented to the accused’s advances.
My first observation would be that the Defence did not make this argument in
its closing submission, so there was no argument along these lines for the
Prosecution to rebut. My second observation would be that the Prosecution’s
rebuttal referred to Dr Cheok’s comment that the complainant’s moaning could
be described as “basal human automatic behaviours”. But Dr Cheok’s comment was
made in response to a question relating to the capacity to consent and not to
the issue of consent in fact. This was the actual exchange: 249

##### Foot Note 249

×

NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 54 (ln 25) to p 55 (ln 16).

Q: And what did you hear?

A: I mean she is moaning.

Q: Now again, would someone with her BAC levels be able to respond like that?

A: Yes.

Q: Why did you say that? How so? Sorry.

A: I mean these—these are just fairly, I guess, if I were to describe it,
basal human automatic behave—behaviours, yah.

Q: Okay. Now there---maybe a suggestion that the victim was just not lying
there right, and that she had even participated in these acts, right? Now then
the question is, if she was an active participant despite her earlier signs of
intoxication, would it mean that she is now---she is quite cognizant of what
happening around and therefore would be able to give consent?

A: I think that even if you appear to be participative given her previous---
earlier behaviour [seen] where she was swaying and just slurring, it would
appear that she---the person would be drunk or intoxicated, right? Again, I
come from the medical view that at---at this level of BAC and this level of
intoxication as shown---as correlated to her behaviour, she wouldn’t be---have
been able to give that sort of valid consent when---when one was sober, yah.

Q: Okay, I see. So then after hearing the sounds made by [the complainant]
and, you know, even if we take the suggestion that she is or was
participative, would your opinion that she was significantly intoxicated and
not in the state of mind to give valid consent to sexual activity, as set out
in paragraph 13(b) of your report stand?

A: Yes, I wouldn’t have changed my opinion, yes.

[emphasis added]

153 Thus the entire premise of this exchange was that the moaning could mean
that the complainant was “participative” or even an “active participant” (ie,
there was ostensible, non-verbal expressions of consent), but that may not
mean she had the capacity to consent. Therefore, the exchange with Dr Cheok
concerning “basal human automatic behaviour” did not in any way undermine the
Defence’s case on consent in fact.

Credibility of the accused’s testimony

154 I found the accused to be a credible witness and accepted his version of
events. The Prosecution suggested that he had embellished his testimony to
portray the complainant as a more active participant during both episodes of
the sexual activities. 250

##### Foot Note 250

×

PCS at para 153.

I accepted that the accused went into more details when describing the sexual
activities in his testimony at trial than in his investigative statements and
that this could potentially be self-serving, but I did not consider the
differences to be of such a scale or nature as to call the accused’s
credibility into question. The accused explained that he did not go into
certain details when describing the sexual activities because he was not sure
how much details he was expected to go into, and IO Cheang did not ask for
specifics. 251

##### Foot Note 251

×

NE 30 Jul 2021 at p 69 (ln 8 to 21).

I found this explanation reasonable and credible. Often, the level of detail
one goes into when narrating a past event depends on the nature of the
questions posed as well as on one’s understanding of both the expectations of
the questioner and the purpose of the narration. More importantly, there were
also instances within the accused’s testimony which suggested that he did not
shy away from evidence that could potentially be construed as inculpatory. One
example was the accused’s candid admission, maintained across his
investigative statements and at trial, that he had initiated the second
episode of sexual activities and that the complainant did not appear as
“involved” and “participative” to his advances in the same (see [144] and
[145] above), even though she had continued moaning and reciprocating his
physical touch.

155 It was also relevant that the accused’s investigative statements were
given at a time when he was unaware that the complainant could not recall what
happened during the sexual activities and thus would not be able to contradict
him by her account. This suggested to me that he was candid and forthcoming.
There was no evidence of any attempt by the accused during the investigative
process to conceal his actions. He had returned home and changed his clothes
without removing his underwear 252

##### Foot Note 252

×

AB at p 98, para 26.

(which would have shown contact) or destroying evidence from the in-car camera
recordings. IO Cheang agreed that the accused was “fully cooperative” and was
“volunteering information” and did not give the impression “that he was trying
to hide something or that he was holding back on anything” in the course of
questioning. 253

##### Foot Note 253

×

NE 13 Nov 2020 at p 37 (ln 7 to 18).

156 Despite a handful of minor discrepancies which the Prosecution had
highlighted, I found that the accused’s version of events were materially
consistent across his investigative statements and at trial (see [135]–[145]
above). His account was also externally consistent and positively corroborated
by the objective evidence (ie, the in-car audio recordings) where available
(see [135], [141], [143], [144] and [145] above). Crucially, the sexual
activities ended once the complainant indicated, by her actions, that she was
“not as involved” and less “participative” than before and expressly said “no”
(see [144] and [145] above). This indicated the withdrawal of the consent
which had been in fact provided. The accused recognised this and stopped his
actions: 254

##### Foot Note 254

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 52 (ln 29) to p 53 (ln 11).

A: So after a while, I sense that she’s not as involved as, you know, the
first time round. As in, she started, you know---what I---how I sense it is I
---I---I feel that she’s getting a little bit uncomfortable with continuing
kissing and touching.

Q: How did you get this impression?

A: Basically I can sense that, you know, she’s like shifting. I don’t know how
to describe but, basically, the---the---the body movement and the---it’s not
like, you know, she’s coming forward like the last time she’s trying to
gyrate, touch. This time round, she feels like---I feel that she is a bit
trying to move away and then eventually when I try to touch her on her vagina
or a lower part of the body, I can sense that her hands are coming to---you
know, trying to move it---move my hands away.

Q: What was your response to this?

A: So I stopped.

Q: Why did you stop?

A: Because if she doesn’t want to continue, then I stop.

[emphasis added]

157 In support of the Prosecution’s submission on the credibility of the
accused’s account, the Prosecution suggested that there was no good reason for
the accused to wait around after the complainant had alighted from the Car,
bring her back to the Car when she did not enter the Condominium after some
time, and ask her to take a rest in the Car. The accused had originally
intended to stop work at 3.00am to reach home at 3.30am as he had several
appointments the next morning. 255

##### Foot Note 255

×

PCS at para 141; NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 3 (ln 31) to p 4 (ln 9); NE 29 Jul 2021
at p 73 (ln 8 to 13).

The Prosecution submitted that this behaviour was part of a sinister plan to
monitor the extent of the complainant’s extent of intoxication with the
intention of taking advantage of her. 256

##### Foot Note 256

×

PCS at para 140.

I did not find this submission persuasive.

158 Given the lateness of the hour and the fact that the complainant was
alone, I considered it entirely reasonable and appropriate for the accused to
have waited and watched the complainant enter the Condominium safely before
driving off, and to have gone to the complainant’s assistance when he observed
her not entering the Condominium after some time. Further, if the accused had
planned all along to sexually assault the complainant without her consent, he
would likely have driven her to a more secluded area before the first episode
of sexual activities, instead of engaging in the Sexual Acts in front of the
Condominium’s gate in a brightly lit area. The fact that the accused stopped
the first episode of sexual activities after a few minutes, upon realising
that the Car was in a rather exposed location, tended to support the accused’s
account that the sexual activities were spontaneous and unplanned. It was also
relevant to note that the accused had initially declined to ferry the
complainant upon being told by LYS that she was “a little drunk” but relented
after LYS repeatedly reassured the accused that the complainant was okay.
Finally, the accused stopped the sexual activities upon sensing the withdrawal
of consent. This would clearly not have been the behaviour of a person who was
seeking to take advantage of an intoxicated passenger without her consent.

159 I therefore found the accused’s testimony credible and considered that the
accused’s version of events should be accepted in the main.

Conclusion on whether the complainant in fact gave consent

160 In summary, I accepted the Accused’s version of events and rejected the
Prosecution’s submission that the evidence presented was sufficient for the
court to infer, beyond reasonable doubt, that the complainant did not consent
to the sexual activities. In light of the above, I found that the Prosecution
had failed to prove that the Sexual Acts were committed without the
complainant’s consent.

Defence of mistake

161 Given the above findings, it was not strictly necessary for me to
pronounce on the defence of mistake. Nonetheless, for completeness, in the
event that I was wrong on the question of capacity or consent in fact, I was
prepared to find that the defence of mistake had been made out.

The parties’ arguments

162 The Defence contended that the accused had applied due care and attention
and mistakenly believed the complainant to have validly consented to engaging
in sexual activities with him. 257

##### Foot Note 257

×

DCS at para 156.

The accused believed that the complainant was not so intoxicated as to be
unable to validly consent because she had been responding to the things he
said to her in a relevant and appropriate manner throughout the night. 258

##### Foot Note 258

×

DCS at para 159.

He also believed the complainant to have consented to sex, as her actions and
non-verbal cues suggested that she was aroused and wanted to have sex. 259

##### Foot Note 259

×

DCS at para 161.

163 In response, the Prosecution’s case was that it was not plausible for the
accused to have believed in good faith that the complainant had given valid
consent. 260

##### Foot Note 260

×

PCS at para 125.

He had known from the outset, ie, from the time he picked her up at the Bar,
that she was intoxicated 261

##### Foot Note 261

×

PCS at para 126.

and had decided to take advantage of her intoxication. 262

##### Foot Note 262

×

PCS at para 125.

It was also the Prosecution’s case that the complainant could not have
participated enthusiastically in the sexual activities as she was too tired
and intoxicated to do so. 263

##### Foot Note 263

×

PCS at para 135.

Furthermore, she did not have any experience in respect of performing fellatio
and would not have acquired such knowledge when she was intoxicated. 264

##### Foot Note 264

×

PCS at para 136.

164 As a preliminary observation, it was unclear to me why the Prosecution
raised the last two submissions (concerning tiredness and lack of experience
with fellatio) in relation to the defence of mistake, as opposed to raising
them to challenge the accused’s credibility on the issue of consent in fact.
Since the Prosecution has made these submissions in relation to the defence of
mistake, I would deal with them as part of my analysis on the defence of
mistake. In any event, given the views I have taken on the merits of these two
submissions (at [182]–[184] below), it would make no difference to the final
outcome of this case whether I dealt with them as submissions raised in
relation to the issue of consent in fact or in relation to the defence of
mistake.

The applicable legal principles

165 In situations where the accused seeks to argue that he believed that the
victim was consenting, it has been held that the proper approach for the court
to approach the matter is through the mistake of fact defence under s 79 PC
rather than through a mens rea analysis (Public Prosecutor v Teo Eng Chan and
others [1987] SLR(R) 567 (“Teo Eng Chan”)). Section 79 PC provides:

Act done by person by mistake of fact believing himself bound or justified by
law

79.—(1) Unless otherwise provided by written law, nothing is an offence which
is done by any person who by reason of a mistake of fact or in ignorance of a
fact in good faith believes himself to be bound by law to do it or justified
by law in doing it.

(2) Despite subsection (1), when a mistake of fact or ignorance of a fact
negates the fault element required to establish liability under an offence,
then to avoid doubt, that offence is not made out.

166 The burden of proof under this provision is upon the accused and has to be
discharged on a balance of probabilities and not beyond reasonable doubt (Teo
Eng Chan at [26]). “Good faith”, in turn, is defined in s 26B PC:

“Good faith”

26B. Nothing is said to be done or believed in good faith which is done or
believed without due care and attention.

167 In Tan Khee Wan Iris v Public Prosecutor [1995] 1 SLR(R) 723, which
concerned an offence of providing public entertainment without a valid licence
under s 18(1)(a) of the Public Entertainments Act (Cap 257, 1985 Rev Ed), Yong
Pung How CJ observed in relation to the accused’s reliance on the defence of
mistake of fact under s 79 PC (at [19]):

19 However, it is not enough for the appellant to show that she was mistaken.
She must also show that she believed in good faith that she had a valid
licence for the relevant period. The test of whether a mistake was made in
good faith is not whether the mistake was an easy one to make nor whether a
reasonable person could make the mistake. The test is that laid down in s 52
of the Penal Code. The test is whether there was due care and attention. The
mistake may be a natural one to make and it may be one which reasonable
persons often make. Nevertheless, the defence is not made out unless it is
shown on a balance of probabilities that the appellant exercised due care and
attention. Thus, it is not enough to show that the licensing officer or even
the Prosecution made the same mistake. All that shows is that it was a
reasonable mistake to make. In order to succeed, the appellant must still show
that she exercised due care and attention. No doubt in many cases the fact
that a reasonable person made the same mistake will go some way towards
discharging the burden of showing due care and attention, but that is not the
same thing.

[emphasis added]

168 The mistake of fact that the accused raised in the present case was that
he believed in good faith that the complainant had the capacity to consent and
did in fact consent to the Sexual Acts.

169 On the totality of the evidence before me, I found that the accused had
discharged his burden of proof and successfully availed himself of the defence
of mistake of fact. All the factors that I earlier listed for finding that the
complainant had capacity to consent also constituted external manifestations
of the complainant’s demeanour and behaviour that could lead the accused to
reasonably believe in good faith that she had the capacity to consent. In a
similar way, the complainant’s conduct in initiating and reciprocating the
sexual episodes were construed in good faith by the accused as consent to the
Sexual Acts.

Whether the accused believed after exercising due care and attention that the
complainant had capacity to consent

170 What distinguished this case, among other features, was the complainant’s
alcohol-induced blackout (see [64] and [65] above). Dr Cheok and Dr Lim both
agreed that individuals in such a state might appear sober or competent to
others around them. In other words, those interacting with them might not
realise that the individual was in fact intoxicated (or so intoxicated as to
experience an alcohol-induced blackout). 265

##### Foot Note 265

×

NE 9 Nov 2021 at p 8 (ln 5) to p 9 (ln 25); NE 11 Nov 2020 at p 15 (ln 25 to
32).

They might not even develop a reasonable suspicion of this. They might not be
able to discover the complainant’s actual state even assuming efforts were
diligently made. It was therefore incorrect to simply assume that because the
complainant was in fact intoxicated to some extent, she must have appeared to
the accused to be so intoxicated as to be incapable of consenting to sexual
activities.

171 The issue therefore required a close examination of the facts, directed at
how the complainant behaved and appeared to others, as well as what the
accused knew of her alcohol consumption that night.

172 As to the latter, the Prosecution’s case was that the accused knew from
the outset that the complainant was intoxicated. 266

##### Foot Note 266

×

PCS at para 126.

The Defence’s case was that the accused had thought that she was not so
intoxicated as to be unable to validly consent to sex, because she had been
responding appropriately and relevantly to him throughout the night. 267

##### Foot Note 267

×

DCS at paras 158 to 159.

The accused also testified that he had not relied solely on LYS’s and VT’s
assurances that the complainant was not too drunk, but had also observed the
complainant’s demeanour in coming to his own impression that she was well
enough to not make a mess in his car. 268

##### Foot Note 268

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 9 (ln 25) to p 10 (ln 3).

173 At the outset, I found that LYS and VT had conveyed the impression to the
accused that the complainant was not too drunk. LYS initially told the accused
that the complainant was “a little drunk”, to which the accused replied “I
cannot help you if she’s drunk”. LYS assured him by saying “She’s okay”
repeatedly and that “She won’t vomit”. 269

##### Foot Note 269

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 91 (ln 16 to 24).

VT’s evidence was that she also added (in Mandarin) that “She’s not drunk”,
“She’s okay” and “She won’t vomit”. 270

##### Foot Note 270

×

NE 1 Oct 2020 at p 56 (ln 17 to 30), p 58 (ln 1 to 21), p 67 (ln 15 to 19) and
p 68 (ln 1 to 28).

These were corroborated by the in-car audio recording.

174 The Prosecution relied on the fact that LYS had nonetheless handed the
complainant a plastic bag (which might suggest that he had assessed that the
complainant would vomit). 271

##### Foot Note 271

×

PCS at para 126.

This must, however, be viewed in context: LYS told the accused that he was
giving the plastic bag to the complainant “just in case” and had repeatedly
told the accused that the complainant would not vomit. 272

##### Foot Note 272

×

NE 30 Sep 2020 at p 92 (ln 4 to 6).

Neither did the fact that the accused thereafter told the victim “if you want
to puke, just let me know” necessarily suggest that he thought the complainant
to be so intoxicated as the Prosecution suggested. The accused testified that
he had said this as the exchange with LYS “just happened less than a minute …
ago” and was “still fresh on [his] mind”. 273

##### Foot Note 273

×

NE 19 Jul 2021 at p 13 (ln 4 to 15).

175 I thus accepted that the accused had arrived at the opinion that the
complainant had a few drinks but was not intoxicated to the extent of being
unaware of her surroundings, at the time he ferried her from the Bar. 274

##### Foot Note 274

×

DCS at para 67.

176 It was also relevant that throughout the time the accused was with the
complainant on the night in question, there were several points across the
night where she responded appropriately and relevantly to the accused’s
questions and suggestions as well as to her surroundings (see [105]–[106] and
[111]–[127] above). In addition to these exchanges set out above, the
complainant had also responded to the accused’s question of “if you want to
puke, just let me know” (see [174] above). The in-car audio recording captured
her replying “it’s okay, it’s okay”. The complainant agreed that she had
sounded “alert” in the in-car audio recording which captured this exchange and
that this was an appropriate response to the accused’s question. 275

##### Foot Note 275

×

NE 7 Oct 2020 at p 105 (ln 10 to 20).

In another instance, which took place at an early stage during the sexual
activities, the accused had told the complainant “I can’t put it in” (by which
he meant that he had difficulty inserting his fingers into her vagina) and she
had adjusted her position to accommodate him. The accused must have said this
to the complainant because he genuinely believed that the complainant would be
able to understand what he was saying and react accordingly. Another instance
involved the accused saying “quiet” to the complainant when her moaning grew
louder. The accused could only have said this if he believed that the
complainant would understand and respond accordingly. In the same vein, also
relevant was the accused saying “I just take a round, okay?” to the
complainant when he took a short drive between the two episodes of sexual
activities.

177 While the Prosecution relied on evidence of the complainant’s “hysterical”
conduct in thumping her chest and hitting her head on the window, 276

##### Foot Note 276

×

PCS at para 130.

it was also particularly significant that the complainant had momentarily
stopped doing so several times when the accused verbally urged her to stop
(see [121] and [122] above). I also noted the evidence of Dr Lim, who
testified that the thumping of the chest “would not be done by somebody who is
significantly intoxicated” and was, if he could speculate, “a gesture that she
is very, very frustrated or in distress”. 277

##### Foot Note 277

×

NE 9 Nov 2021 at p 52 (ln 12 to 18).

178 These interactions between the accused and complainant satisfied me that
the accused had come to a good faith belief that the complainant had capacity
to consent after exercising due care and attention.

Whether the accused believed after exercising due care and attention that the
complainant did in fact consent

179 On the totality of the evidence before me, I found that the complainant’s
conduct in initiating and reciprocating the sexual activities were construed
in good faith by the accused as consent to the Sexual Acts.

180 First, she initiated the series of acts which led to the sexual encounter,
beginning by kissing him. The context of this act was crucial, namely, that
the accused had gone to the back seat of the Car with the intention of looking
through the complainant’s handbag for a way to contact someone to come and get
her, and not to make advances on her. Second, as the sexual activities
progressed, the complainant reciprocated the accused’s actions by kissing and
touching him, straddling him, and gyrating her hips. She spread her legs and
subsequently pulled him towards her. When the accused told the complainant, “I
can’t put it in”, she responded by changing her position to accommodate him.
The accused interpreted these external signs to mean that the complainant
wanted sex. Third, there were no signs of resistance from the complainant
throughout. Neither was there any sign of resistance or protest from her
during the brief break, during which the accused moved his Car to the other
side of the road. Sometime during the first sexual episode, the in-car audio
recording captured the accused asking the complainant, “are you okay”, and the
complainant appeared to give a short moan in response. This suggested that the
complainant had responded favourably to the physical stimulation. Fourth,
neither was there any external sign of resistance when the second episode of
sexual activities began. Similar to the first episode, the complainant’s
moaning continued, with some reciprocation of kissing and touching.
Eventually, she indicated through non-verbal cues that she did not wish to
continue and said the word “no”, upon which the accused stopped touching her
and returned to the driver’s seat.

181 I was therefore satisfied that the accused had exercised due care and
attention in the course of the sexual episodes.

182 The Prosecution submitted that it was clear from the evidence that the
complainant had been too tired to have participated in the manner described by
the accused – ie, sitting on his thighs with her legs apart and grinding her
crotch against his groin. In my view, this submission has not been made out.
Admittedly, the complainant was intoxicated, it was already the wee hours of
the morning and there was some evidence which suggested that the complainant
was sleepy (see [99] and [108] above). But having seen and heard the
complainant’s behaviour from the CCTV footages and in-car audio recordings, I
would be unable to agree that the complainant was not in a state to perform
the types of activities described above. She was able to get out of the Car on
her own and walk unassisted, and had sufficient energy to pound on her chest
loudly enough for it to be captured in the in-car audio recording.

183 Neither did the fact that the complainant was later found lying
unconscious in the middle of the road support the inference of lethargy to the
extent that the Prosecution sought to draw. For the reasons given above at
[129], I did not find evidence concerning the complainant’s physical state
after the sexual activities had taken place to be probative.

184 Lastly, the Prosecution asserted that the accused’s account of the alleged
fellatio was “highly implausible” as the complainant testified that she did
not have sexual experience in this regard and did not know the basic mechanics
of how fellatio worked. 278

##### Foot Note 278

×

PCS at para 136.

It was unclear how much weight could be safely placed on this part of the
complainant’s testimony. The complainant had given inconsistent evidence
before, such as her under-reporting of her drinking habits. In any event, it
was clear from her evidence that she knew what oral sex was and had heard from
people she knew about oral sex being performed. 279

##### Foot Note 279

×

NE 8 Oct 2020 at p 38 (ln 10 to 15 and ln 20 to 25).

With at least this level of knowledge, it was not beyond belief that she
might, on this occasion, have tried carrying out a new sexual act for the
first time given the disinhibitory effect of alcohol (of which, see discussion
at [84] above). The Defence also raised another area of concern in relation to
this submission. IO Cheang had acknowledged that there was an available test
that could determine whether saliva was present on the accused’s underwear.
However, this test was not done during investigations and, by the time the
matter came to trial, it was no longer possible to perform such a test. The
Defence therefore submitted that an important opportunity to verify the
accused’s account had been missed. Taking the foregoing factors together, I
considered that the Prosecution has not sufficiently persuaded me that the
accused should be disbelieved on this issue.

Conclusion on defence of mistake

185 For the reasons given above, I found that the accused had established on a
balance of probabilities that he believed in good faith, after exercising due
care and attention, that the complainant had the capacity to consent and did
in fact consent to the Sexual Acts. Consequently, the defence of mistake under
s 79 PC had been made out.

Conclusion

186 In light of the above, I found that the Prosecution had failed to prove
its case beyond a reasonable doubt. I therefore acquitted the accused of all
three charges.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Muhamad Imaduddien, Tan Yen Seow and Emily Koh (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the Prosecution;

Chenthil Kumarasingam and Adeline Goh Peizhi (Withers KhattarWong LLP) for the
accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 19 May 2023 (17:28 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

