Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 262

Bankruptcy No 2425 of 2021 (Registrar’s Appeals Nos 343, 344, and 348 of 2022,
No 131 of 2023, and Summons No 268 of 2023)

In the matter of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act(Act 40 of
2018)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Pradeepto Kumar Biswas  
---  
  
Between

(1)| Sabyasachi Mukherjee  
---|---  
(2)| Gouri Mukherjee  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

Pradeepto Kumar Biswas  
---  
  
… Defendant

And

Official Assignee  
---  
  
… Official Assignee

Originating Application No 152 of 2022 (Summons No 2247 of 2023)

In the matter of Order 11 Rule 11(1)

of the Rules of Court 2021

Between

| Pradeepto Kumar Biswas  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

(1)| Barclays Bank PLC  
---|---  
(2)| Bank of Singapore Limited  
(3)| Gouri Mukherjee  
(4)| Sabyasachi Mukherjee  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Appeals — Adducing fresh evidence on appeal]

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Bankrupt’s duties and liabilities — Duty to
obtain sanction of Official Assignee]

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Stay]

[Res Judicata — Issue estoppel]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sabyasachi Mukherjee and another

  
v

  

Pradeepto Kumar Biswas and another matter

[2023] SGHC 262

General Division of the High Court — Bankruptcy No 2425 of 2021 (Registrar’s
Appeals Nos 343, 344 and 348 of 2022, No 131 of 2023, and Summons No 268 of
2023) and Originating Application No 152 of 2022 (Summons No 2247 of 2023)  
Goh Yihan JC  
28 August 2023

15 September 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 There are six matters before me. These matters arise from the bankruptcy
proceedings Mr Sabyasachi Mukherjee and Ms Gouri Mukherjee brought against Mr
Pradeepto Kumar Biswas (“Mr Biswas”) in HC/B 2425/2021 (“B 2425”). For ease of
exposition, and because Mr Biswas is appealing against the bankruptcy order
made against him, I shall term him as the “appellant”, and term Mr Sabyasachi
Mukherjee and Ms Gouri Mukherjee as the “respondents”. I should note that this
terminology is not strictly accurate in relation to some of the matters where
Mr Biswas is applying for certain orders but not in the capacity of an
appellant.

2 With the above in mind, I come now to the six matters before me.

(a) HC/SUM 2247/2023 (“SUM 2247”) is the appellant’s application for
permission for HC/OA 152/2022 (“OA 152”) to continue, and to stay the rest of
the other five matters until OA 152 has been heard and determined. OA 152 is
the appellant’s application for pre-action discovery against the respondents
and other parties, on the basis that the documents sought would purportedly
show that the respondents had committed perjury at the trial of HC/S 1270/2014
(“S 1270”), which would then nullify the statutory demand issued on 13 July
2021 in B 2425 (the “SD”). This would then mean that that there is no basis
for B 2425 to proceed.

(b) HC/RA 343/2022 (“RA 343”) is the appellant’s appeal against the learned
Assistant Registrar Tan Ee Kuan’s (“AR Tan”) dismissal of HC/SUM 3718/2022
(“SUM 3718”), which was the appellant’s application to stay the bankruptcy
proceedings in B 2425 until such time that OA 152 has been determined. Framed
in this manner, there is undoubtedly an overlap between RA 343 and SUM 2247.

(c) HC/RA 344/2022 (“RA 344”) is the appellant’s appeal against the learned AR
Tan’s grant of order in terms of B 2425 to bankrupt the appellant, arising
from the appellant’s failure to satisfy the SD. The SD was based on the
judgment that Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (as she then was) had granted on 11
December 2018 totalling US$3.45m (the “Judgment”) in S 1270. Ang J’s decision
can be found in Sabyasachi Mukherjee and another v Pradeepto Kumar Biswas and
another suit [2018] SGHC 271.

(d) HC/RA 348/2022 (“RA 348”) is the appellant’s appeal against the learned AR
Tan’s dismissal of HC/SUM 4306/2022 (“SUM 4306”), which was the appellant’s
application for an order to dismiss B 2425 on the basis that the Judgment is
“false”, and that the SD is defective.

(e) HC/RA 131/2023 (“RA 131”) is the appellant’s appeal against the learned
Assistant Registrar Beverly Lim’s dismissal of HC/SUM 4326/2022, which was the
appellant’s application for a stay of execution of AR Tan’s orders in B 2425
until the appeals in RA 343, RA 344, and RA 348 have been determined by this
court.

(f) HC/SUM 268/2023 (“SUM 268”) is the appellant’s application to adduce fresh
evidence for the hearing of RA 343, RA 344, and RA 348.

3 After hearing the parties, I dismissed SUM 2247. I therefore proceeded to
hear the other five matters. Having taken some time to consider these other
matters, I dismiss SUM 268, RA 343, RA 344, and RA 348. I make no order as to
RA 131 as it is moot, a point that Mr Lim Tean (“Mr Lim”), who appeared on
behalf of the appellant, agreed with. RA 131 is moot because it has been fixed
to be heard together with RA 343, RA 344, and RA 348, and my determination of
the appeals will negate the need to consider whether to grant a stay of
execution. I now explain my reasons for my decision in this judgment.

Background facts

4 I turn first to the background facts that are common to all six matters
before me. These matters originate from S 1270, which the respondents started
against the appellant to recover funds that they had invested based on the
appellant’s allegedly dishonest advice and recommendation. This included the
sum of US$3.45m that the respondents had allocated for various investments
(the “Investments”).

5 After the trial of S 1270, Ang J decided that the respondents had relied on
the appellant to manage the Investments and interface with the various
investee companies. Therefore, the appellant was the respondents’ only means
of access to the Investments. Ang J also found that the appellant had used the
respondents’ funds for his own undisclosed purposes. The learned judge
therefore held, among other findings, that the appellant had breached his
fiduciary duties to the respondents. She allowed the respondents’ claims on
the following items:

(a) SEW Investment: US$250,000;

(b) Trade Sea Investment: US$200,000;

(c) Neodymium Investment: US$250,000;

(d) Peak Investment: US$500,000; and

(e) Pacatolus Investment: US$2.25m.

6 The appellant was thus ordered to pay the respondents’ investment capital of
US$3.45m, as well as interest for the period between 23 January 2014 and 11
December 2018. It should be noted that OA 152 concerns only the documents
pertaining to a single item in the Judgment, that is, the Pacatolus
Investment. The Pacatolus Investment comprised the Pacatolus Growth Fund Class
6 (the “Pacatolus Fund”). In relation to the Pacatolus Fund, Ang J held that:
(a) the appellant acted in breach of his fiduciary duty to the respondents,
which obliged the appellant to act on the respondents’ behalf to interface
with the investee company, monitor the investments, and on maturity (or
whenever the respondents desired), redeem the investments; and (b) the
appellant was liable to the respondents in deceit as he failed to let the
respondents know how the moneys would be used, and that the Pacatolus Fund was
neither a bank product nor capital protected.

7 The appellant filed an appeal against the Judgment to the Court of Appeal.
In Pradeepto Kumar Biswas v Sabyasachi Mukherjee and another [2019] SGCA 79,
the Court of Appeal struck out the appeal due to the appellant’s breach of an
unless order.

8 Subsequently, the appellant did not take any steps to challenge the
Judgment. However, the appellant did not satisfy the Judgment even as the
respondents’ solicitors sent several reminders for payment. The respondents
finally issued the SD in respect of the Judgment debt on 19 July 2021.
Following this, the appellant then commenced a series of proceedings and filed
a number of appeals.

9 Most pertinently for present purposes, on 2 August 2021, the appellant
applied in HC/OSB 74/2021 (“OSB 74”) to set aside the SD. In OSB 74, the
appellant argued that the SD should be set aside because: (a) the debt is
disputed on grounds that appeared to be substantive; and (b) the respondents
had committed perjury at the trial of S 1270 by misleading Ang J into
believing that the Investments were shams. The learned Assistant Registrar
Jean Chan (“AR Chan”) dismissed OSB 74 on 16 September 2021. On appeal, the
High Court in HC/RA 260/2021 (“RA 260”) agreed with AR Chan that there were no
grounds for the SD to be set aside. The court did not make any finding as to
whether the respondents had possession or control of the Investments or
whether the Investments had value. The court also granted the respondents
liberty to file bankruptcy proceedings against the appellant after 7 October
2021, being 21 days after the decision in OSB 74.

10 As such, on 8 October 2021, the respondents filed B 2425 against the
appellant. At around the same time, the appellant filed other applications:

(a) On 6 October 2021, the appellant applied for a re-trial of S 1270 in CA/OS
24/2021 (“OS 24”). The Court of Appeal dismissed the application on the basis
that the court lacked jurisdiction, the application lacked merit in any event,
and the application an abuse of process (see the Court of Appeal decision of
Pradeepto Kumar Biswas v Sabyasachi Mukherjee and another and another matter
[2022] 2 SLR 340 at [93]).

(b) On 12 October 2021, the appellant applied for leave to appeal against the
decision in RA 260 in HC/SUM 4721/2021 (“SUM 4721”). The learned Assistant
Registrar Navin Anand held that assuming leave was even required under the
Fifth Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed) (the
“SCJA”), the application should have been filed by originating summons to the
Appellate Division of the High Court pursuant to the Sixth Schedule of the
SCJA. Therefore, he granted the appellant leave to withdraw SUM 4721.

(c) Following SUM 4721, on 8 November 2021, the appellant filed AD/OS 53/2021
(“OS 53”) for: (i) leave to appeal against the decision in RA 260; (ii) an
extension of time to seek leave to appeal; and (iii) an extension of time to
file an appeal against the decision in RA 260. The Appellate Division of the
High Court dismissed the application because, among other reasons, leave was
not required to appeal against the decision in RA 260 in s 29A(1) of the SCJA,
and the appellant’s application was filed after much delay with no good
explanation. Further, on an assessment of the merits of the appeal, it was
unlikely to succeed given the outcome of OS 24.

(d) On 10 November 2021, the appellant filed HC/S 921/2021, claiming unjust
enrichment arising from the respondents’ attempts to enforce the Judgment. The
learned Assistant Registrar Gan Kam Yuin (“AR Gan”) struck out the application
on 6 May 2022.

11 Following the dismissal of these applications, B 2425 was fixed for hearing
on 18 November 2021. However, the appellant then filed further applications to
stay the hearing of B 2425. It is not necessary for me to recount all of these
applications, save to say that they were largely found to be vexatious to the
respondents and therefore amounted to an abuse of process. To briefly
summarise, the relevant applications are as follows:

(a) On 17 May 2022, the appellant applied in HC/SUM 1848/2022 for a stay of
proceedings in B 2425. AR Gan granted the stay on the condition that the
appellant provides security for costs in respect of the Judgment debt.
However, the appellant did not eventually provide security.

(b) On 18 May 2022, the appellant applied for permission to appeal the
decision in OS 53 in CA/OA 2/2022 (“OA 2”). After the parties tendered their
submissions on 5 July 2022, the appellant then filed CA/SUM 15/2022 (“SUM 15”)
to recuse Andrew Phang Boon Leong JCA from hearing OA 2. The Court of Appeal
dismissed both applications in its decision of Pradeepto Kumar Biswas v Gouri
Mukherjee and another [2022] 2 SLR 1347 (at [64]), because “[n]either, in
[their] opinion, bore any semblance of merit”. With respect to OA 2, the court
awarded costs on the higher end of the relevant range found in Appendix G of
the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2021 because of the lack of merit in the
application (at [65(a)]). With respect to SUM 15, “it did not even come close
to succeeding”, and “[d]espite the gravity of SUM 15’s subject matter, the
allegations and arguments made by [the appellant] were completely
unsubstantiated” (at [65(b)]). The court therefore awarded costs to the
respondents on an indemnity basis .

12 On 25 May 2022, the appellant filed OA 152. As I mentioned above, OA 152 is
the appellant’s application for pre-action discovery of certain categories of
documents (the “Pacatolus Documents”) relating to the Pacatolus Fund. This
application was taken out against Barclays Bank PLC and Bank of Singapore
Limited, which are the first and second respondents in OA 152. The appellant
added the respondents as parties to OA 152 subsequently.

13 The parties then appeared before AR Gan on 7 October 2022 to proceed with
the hearing of the question as to whether B 2425 should be stayed. However, 45
minutes before that hearing, the appellant filed SUM 3718 to seek a fresh stay
of B 2425 pending the determination of OA 152. SUM 3718 was eventually fixed
for hearing before AR Tan on 24 November 2022. On 24 November 2022, the
appellant requested for an adjournment so that he could review the
respondents’ submissions which he had been served with within the deadlines
stipulated by the court. AR Tan nonetheless adjourned SUM 3718 to 1 December
2022. Then, on 30 November 2022, the appellant filed SUM 4306 to dismiss B
2425 on grounds that, among other things, it is based on a “false case” (in S
1270).

14 Finally, on 1 December 2022, the parties appeared before AR Tan for the
hearing of SUM 3718, SUM 4306, and B 2425. AR Tan dismissed SUM 3718 and SUM
4306, and adjudged the appellant a bankrupt in B 2425. AR Tan’s decisions form
the subject matters of some of the matters before me.

SUM 2247

15 At the hearing before me on 28 August 2023, it was necessary that I first
consider SUM 2247, which was the appellant’s application for all the other
five matters before me to be stayed pending the resolution of OA 152. After
hearing the parties’ submissions on SUM 2247, I dismissed it and proceeded to
hear the other four matters (excluding RA 131).

16 The primary issue in SUM 2247 was whether the appellant required the
Private Trustee in Bankruptcy’s (the “PTIB”) previous sanction to continue
with the proceedings in OA 152. It was not disputed that the appellant has not
obtained the PTIB’s previous sanction. Neither did the appellant show that he
has been exempted from obtaining the PTIB’s previous sanction. Indeed, in a
letter dated 6 July 2023, the PTIB took the position that its previous
sanction was necessary for the appellant to continue with the proceedings in
OA 152. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Pradeepto Kumar Biswas for HC/OA 152/2022 (HC/SUM 2247/2023)
dated 26 July 2023 at p 10.

17 I dismissed SUM 2247 because the appellant had not obtained the PTIB’s
previous sanction, which is necessary for him to continue with the proceedings
in OA 152. Since he had not obtained the PTIB’s previous sanction, the
appellant cannot continue with OA 152, such that any summons under that
action, such as SUM 2247, must also be dismissed. In any event, in so far as
SUM 2247 primarily prays for permission for OA 152 to continue, it too can be
dismissed on the basis that the appellant has not obtained the PTIB’s previous
sanction for OA 152 to continue. In this regard, the applicable statutory
provisions that relate to sanction for a bankrupt to continue with legal
proceedings, whether commenced by himself or commenced against him, can be
found in ss 327 and 401 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act
2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “IRDA”). More pertinently, ss 401(1) and 401(3)
provide as follows:

Disabilities of bankrupt

401.—(1) Where a bankrupt has not obtained his or her discharge —

(a) unless the bankrupt has obtained the previous sanction of the Official
Assignee, the bankrupt is incompetent to commence, continue or defend —

(i) any action other than —

(A) an action for damages in respect of any injury to the bankrupt’s person;
or

(B) a matrimonial proceeding; or

(ii) any appeal arising from any action referred to in sub-paragraph (i); and

…

(3) A bankrupt who fails to comply with this section shall be guilty of an
offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $10,000 or
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years or to both.

Pursuant to s 39 of the IRDA, the PTIB has the same functions, duties, and
powers as the Official Assignee referred to in s 401(1).

18 The meaning and application of s 401(1) is clear. The Court of Appeal dealt
with s 401(1)’s predecessor provision – s 131(1) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap
20, 2000 Rev Ed) (the “BA”), which was the prevailing statute in force at that
time – in Standard Chartered Bank v Loh Chong Yong Thomas [2010] 2 SLR 569
(“Thomas Loh”). Because of the material similarities in the framing of s
131(1) of the BA and s 401(1) of the IRDA, I was of the view that the Court of
Appeal’s observations on s 131(1) in Thomas Loh apply equally to s 401(1). In
this regard, the Court of Appeal explained in Thomas Loh that the requirement
of previous sanction was introduced to “give the [Official Assignee] full
control of the administration of a bankrupt’s estate for the benefit of the
creditors” (at [28]). This much is clear from a survey of the legislative
history of s 131(1), which I summarise as follows.

(a) Section 131(1)(a) of the BA can be traced back to s 33(1)(a) of the
Bankruptcy Ordinance 1888 (SS Ord No 2 of 1888) of the Straits Settlements
(the “Bankruptcy Ordinance”). This was an innovation in the bankruptcy
legislation of the Straits Settlement, as it was not found in the bankruptcy
laws of England or any other Commonwealth jurisdiction (see Thomas Loh at
[20]).

(b) In 1885, the then Governor of the Straits Settlements ordered an enquiry
into the then existing bankruptcy legislation. The Commission Report (at para
7) suggested that a provision be introduced to protect creditors, which would
include measures “as desirable for the protection of trade and as calculated
to check fraud to a great extent” (see Thomas Loh at [21], citing Appendix No
46 of Straits Settlements, Colony of Singapore, Proceedings of the Legislative
Council of the Straits Settlements for 1885). This suggested provision stated
that “the bankrupt shall be incompetent to maintain any civil action for a sum
or cause of action above $50 without the consent of the Official Receiver”.
This bears an unmistakeable resemblance to s 131(1) of the BA (see Thomas Loh
at [22]).

(c) Similar concerns were echoed in the course of the debate in the Straits
Settlements Legislative Council on the Bill which was subsequently enacted as
the Bankruptcy Ordinance. In particular, the then Attorney-General emphasised
that “bankruptcy does not affect the creditors alone, but is a matter in which
the community as a whole is interested”. The undischarged bankrupt will
“labour under certain decided disadvantages”, including that “he will be
incapable of maintaining an action without the previous sanction of the
Official Assignee” (see Thomas Loh at [24]–[26]).

19 As the Court of Appeal stressed, notwithstanding the more enlightened view
prevailing in the community which acknowledges that businesses and personal
undertakings can falter and/or fail for entirely legitimate reasons and that
bankrupts should not be permanently stigmatised, there is no gainsaying the
fact that Parliament nevertheless still considers it important that
significant disabilities should continue to be imposed on bankrupts during
their bankruptcy (see Thomas Loh at [27]). With this background in mind, it is
clear that the requirement for “previous sanction of the Official Assignee”
means “prior sanction and not retrospective sanction” [emphasis in original]
(see Thomas Loh at [28]).

20 Thus, unless the exceptions in s 131(1) of the BA (and now s 401(1) of the
IRDA) applied, the bankrupt is incompetent to commence, continue, or defend
“any action” without the previous sanction of the Official Assignee or the
PTIB, as the case may be.

21 In the present case, it is clear that OA 152 does not fall within either of
the exceptions provided for in s 401(1)(a)(i). First, it is not “an action for
damages in respect of an injury to the bankrupt’s person”. The Court of Appeal
considered the substantially identical phrase in the context of s 131(1)(a) of
the BA in Thomas Loh. The court held (at [42]) that such an action is
“concerned with physical injury to the bankrupt’s body (which may include,
inter alia, injury to the bankrupt’s mind such as nervous shock and
psychological or psychiatric injury)” [emphasis in original]. OA 152 is
clearly not an action concerned with any such physical injury to the
appellant’s body. Second, OA 152 is also not a “matrimonial proceeding”, which
is defined by s 401(4) to mean a proceeding under, among others, Parts 8, 9,
or 10 of the Women’s Charter 1961 (2020 Rev Ed). As such, none of the
exceptions to s 401(1)(a) apply to the appellant. The appellant must therefore
seek the PTIB’s previous sanction before he can continue with OA 152. Since he
has not done so, he cannot so continue, and SUM 2247 must be dismissed.

22 For completeness, I also considered the appellant’s reliance on the High
Court decision of Re Mohamed Yunos Valibhoy [1991] SGHC 91 (“Yunos”) for the
proposition that the PTIB’s previous sanction is not needed for him to
continue with OA 152. In that case, the High Court held that the word “action”
as used in then s 38(1)(a) of the then prevailing Bankruptcy Act, was
restricted to “legal proceedings to recover property vested in the Official
Assignee under section 24(4) of the Bankruptcy Act”. The court had justified
this approach on the basis that the word “action” is used only in respect of s
38(1), in contrast to the wider expression, “action or other legal
proceedings” used elsewhere in the Bankruptcy Act. For completeness, s
38(1)(a) had read as follows:

38.—(1) Where a bankrupt has not obtained his discharge —

(a) the bankrupt shall be incompetent to maintain any action (other than an
action for damages in respect of an injury to his person) without the previous
sanction of the Official Assignee;

As such, the appellant argued that because OA 152 is not an action to recover
property vested in the PTIB but is rather an application for pre-action
discovery, the PTIB’s previous sanction is not needed in the present case.

23 I disagreed with the appellant’s argument because it is clearly
incompatible with the plain meaning of s 401(1)(a) of the IRDA, in so far as
the provision conveys an absolute prohibition on a bankrupt to commence,
continue, or defend “any action” without the requisite sanction. The
appellant’s argument was also plainly inconsistent with the legislative
intention behind s 401(1)(a), which is to give the Official Assignee full
control over the administration of the bankrupt’s estate for the benefit of
creditors. I therefore also disagreed with the appellant that “any action”
does not include an application for pre-action discovery or any such
interlocutory application.

24 Moreover, the High Court decision of Yunos has clearly been superseded by
the Court of Appeal decision of Thomas Loh and subsequent decisions. As I
alluded to above, the Court of Appeal was quite clear in Thomas Loh that the
effect of s 131(1)(a) of the BA was to render the bankrupt incompetent to
commence, continue, or defend “any action” without the previous sanction of
the Official Assignee or the PTIB, subject only to the two exceptions found in
s 131(1)(a)(i) of the BA. These observations are equally applicable to s
401(1)(a)(i) of the IRDA. Indeed, the Court of Appeal in Ho Yu Tat Edward v
Chen Kok Siang Joseph and another [2020] 1 SLR 1357 applied Thomas Loh and
held (at [39] and [46]) that a bankrupt must “obtain the [Official Assignee’s]
prior sanction even in respect of claims which do not vest in the [Official
Assignee], so long as the claims do not fall within the exceptions listed in s
131(1)(a) of the Singapore Bankruptcy Act” and that a bankrupt is “required to
obtain the sanction of the [Official Assignee] before he commences ‘any
action’… [which] includes claims which vest in the [Official Assignee] and
claims that do not vest in the [Official Assignee]”. This last statement
appears to have overruled Yunos, even if this was not made clear expressly.

25 For all of these reasons, I dismissed SUM 2247, with the result that there
was no further need to consider OA 152, which was not before me in any event
pending the resolution of SUM 2247.

26 At the hearing before me, Mr Lim then submitted that I should still stay
the other matters and allow the appellant to seek the PTIB’s sanction to
continue with OA 152. In essence, Mr Lim had asked me to keep OA 152 in
abeyance pending the appellant’s resolution of the sanction issue with the
PTIB. He explained that the PTIB had taken inconsistent positions as to
whether its previous sanction was needed, and this was why the appellant had
filed SUM 2247 to seek the court’s direction on this matter. However, the
appellant has not exhibited these other correspondences with the PTIB in any
of his affidavits. In fact, in the only letter that was exhibited dated 6 July
2023, the PTIB reiterated that its previous sanction is needed for OA 152. In
any event, even taking the appellant’s case at its highest, and that there was
some uncertainty as to the PTIB’s position on the need for previous sanction,
I did not think that I had the power under s 401(1) to keep OA 152 in abeyance
once I decided that the PTIB’s previous sanction was needed. This is because s
401(1) is quite clear on its face that a bankrupt is incompetent to commence,
continue, or defend any action without such previous sanction. It must follow
that once I decided that the appellant required such previous sanction but did
not obtain it, he had become incompetent to continue with OA 152, such that
the action falls away. As such, I then proceeded to hear the other four
matters (excluding RA 131), for which I reserved my decision. I now give my
decision and reasons below.

SUM 268

27 I turn first to SUM 268 ahead of the other matters since the appellant
seeks to adduce fresh evidence that may affect the hearing of RA 343, RA 344,
and RA 348. The evidence is contained in the appellant’s affidavit dated 1
February 2023. According to the appellant, the evidence relates to “how the
hearing of the [three] applications [before AR Tan] proceeded that morning and
how natural justice was breached”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions for RA 343, RA 344, and RA 348 dated 1
February 2023 (“AWS”) at para 9.

The evidence also explains “how the [a]ppellant is a person of means and is
not insolvent and why a bankruptcy order against him should never have been
made”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AWS at para 9.

28 I begin with the applicable law. Whether it is the Rules of Court (2014 Rev
Ed) (the “ROC 2014”) or Rules of Court 2021 that applies, and regardless of
whether the applicable statutory provision prescribes as such (see, eg,
“special grounds” in O 55D r 11(1) and O 57 r 13 of the ROC 2014), the courts
have consistently imposed the threefold requirements set out in the seminal
English Court of Appeal decision of Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“Ladd v
Marshall”) (see, eg, the Court of Appeal decisions of Toh Eng Lan v Foong Fook
Yue and another appeal [1998] 3 SLR(R) 833 at [34], ARW v Comptroller of
Income Tax and another and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 499 at [99], and Anan
Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Co) [2019] 2 SLR 341
(“Anan Group”) at [21]). In this regard, the three requirements in Ladd v
Marshall are:

(a) first, it must be shown that the evidence could not have been obtained
with reasonable diligence for use at the trial or hearing;

(b) second, the evidence must be such that, if given, it would probably have
an important influence on the result of the case, though it need not be
decisive; and

(c) third, the evidence must be such as is presumably to be believed, or in
other words, it must be apparently credible, though it need not be
incontrovertible.

29 However, the Ladd v Marshall requirements do not apply with full force in
all appeals. In this regard, the Court of Appeal in Anan Group set out a two-
step analysis that a court should adopt in dealing with an application to
adduce fresh evidence on appeal. At the first stage, the court should consider
the nature of the proceedings below and evaluate the extent to which it bore
the characteristics of a full trial. The cases should be analysed as lying on
a spectrum as follows (see Anan Group at [35]).

(a) On one end of the spectrum, there are appeals against a judgment after
trial or a hearing bearing the characteristics of a trial, where the court
should apply the Ladd v Marshall requirements in its full rigour.

(b) On the other end of the spectrum, which consists of interlocutory appeals
or appeals arising out of hearings which lack the characteristics of a trial,
the court remains guided by the rule in Ladd v Marshall but is not obliged to
apply it in an unattenuated manner.

(c) However, for cases falling in the middle of the spectrum, which include
appeals against a judgment after a hearing of the merits but which did not
bear the characteristics of a trial, the court is to determine the extent to
which the first requirement, ie, the criterion of non-availability, should be
applied strictly. Relevant non-exhaustive factors include: (i) the extent to
which documentary and oral evidence was adduced for the purposes of the
hearing; (ii) the extent to which parties had the opportunity to revisit and
refine their cases before the hearing; and (iii) the finality of the
proceedings in disposing of the dispute between the parties.

30 At the second stage, the court should determine whether there are any other
reasons for which the Ladd v Marshall requirements ought to be relaxed in the
interests of justice (see Anan Group at [37]–[55]). In any event, the court
should conduct a balancing exercise between the interests of finality and the
right of an applicant to put forth relevant and credible evidence, having
regard to the considerations of proportionality and prejudice (see Anan Group
at [59]).

31 Bearing these principles in mind, in my judgment, SUM 268 should be
dismissed.

32 In the first place, I agree with the respondents that, properly considered,
some of this so-called evidence is not really evidence. They are more akin to
submissions. Therefore, SUM 268 should never have been made in the first place
because there is no “evidence” to admit. Although the appellant is perfectly
entitled to make his submissions about why he thought that natural justice was
breached at the hearing below, he is not entitled to characterise these
submissions as “evidence” and seek to “admit” as such.

33 Even if I am wrong and the appellant is indeed seeking to adduce evidence,
I find that the appellant has not satisfied the requirements of the Ladd v
Marshall test. For present purposes, I find that the present case is one that
falls in the middle of the spectrum identified in Anan Group, as the three
applications before AR Tan involved a hearing of the merits but did not bear
the characteristics of a trial. Having regard to the non-exhaustive factors
suggested in Anan Group, I am satisfied that the criterion of non-availability
should apply strictly in the present case. This is chiefly because the
applications before AR Tan were intended to finally dispose of the dispute
between the parties.

34 I turn to examine the Ladd v Marshall requirements. First, I am satisfied
that some parts of the appellant’s affidavit dated 1 February 2023 contained
the appellant’s account of the hearing before AR Tan on 1 December 2022.
Assuming that this constitutes “evidence”, which I do not think it is (see
[32] above), this naturally would not have been available prior to the hearing
on 1 December 2022. Be that as it may, the other parts of the affidavit, such
as the documents annexed to the affidavit, have all been available prior to 1
December 2022. The appellant has not explained why those documents could not
have been obtained with reasonable diligence for use at the hearing before AR
Tan. I therefore conclude that these documents fail the first requirement of
the Ladd v Marshall test as to non-availability.

35 Second, having perused AR Tan’s detailed minute sheets of the applications
before him, I am satisfied that natural justice has not been breached. AR Tan
accorded the appellant the full process of the law. I am also satisfied that
the appellant has had ample opportunity to present his case before AR Tan and
the Singapore courts, given the multiple applications that he has filed since
the Judgment was granted on 11 December 2018. As such, I conclude that the
appellant’s evidence in relation to the hearing before AR Tan fails the second
requirement of the Ladd v Marshall test. It is irrelevant and will not have an
important influence on the result of the present appeals.

36 Third, I do not think that the appellant’s evidence that he is a person of
means is relevant. If the appellant has the means to satisfy the SD, then it
is inexplicable why he has not done so since it was issued in July 2019, or
even paid the Judgment debt when it first arose in December 2018 to prevent
the issuance of the SD. Indeed, it is irrelevant whether he is well-off or not
because the basis of B 2425 is that the appellant has failed – either because
he has no means or because he has intentionally refused – to satisfy the SD.
In either scenario, the basis of the bankruptcy order made in B 2425, which is
the appellant’s failure to satisfy the SD, is met. Even if that evidence is
relevant, I am also not satisfied that the appellant has the means to satisfy
the SD. Although he had asked for six weeks from AR Tan to bring in the funds
to satisfy the SD on 1 December 2022, more than six months have now passed. If
he indeed had the means to do so, the appellant could have easily raised the
funds in this period to satisfy the SD and set aside the bankruptcy order
against him. While Mr Lim submitted on the appellant’s behalf that the
bankruptcy order affected the latter’s ability to pay, the fact remains that
the appellant has had ample opportunity to pay up even before the bankruptcy
order was made but chose not to do so. I therefore also conclude that this
evidence fails the second requirement of the Ladd v Marshall test in that it
will not have an important influence on the result of the present appeals.

37 Fourth, the evidence which the appellant provides in his affidavit dated 1
February 2023 as to his supposed means is not supported by adequate
documentary evidence. Indeed, all that he states is the following (see
paragraphs 21 and 22):

21\. I have all the means to pay off the judgment debt. I am 100% owner of the
Indian Ocean Group which is headquartered in Singapore with global operations
in multiple regions – India, Sri Lanka, Maldives, the Middle East to name a
few. It has business divisions spanning real estate, merchant trading
distressed assets, technology, food processing and distribution. IOG, with the
grace of God and its well-wishers, has a global workforce in excess of 500
people on-date, across all its subsidiaries and associated entities.

22\. In Singapore, IOG’s presence, to name a few, is in: -

(a) FC Asia Pte Ltd (“FC Asia”), a pan-Asia plant food, e-commerce
distribution business for food majors;

(b) Energy and Environmental Engineering Pte Ltd (“EEEPL”), which owns the
award-winning patented technology “Air-O-Water”, a solar microgrid design
business, and a precision robotics and design engineering business;

(c) D-Simlab Technologies Pte Ltd (“D-Simlab”), in which IOG has been its
first pre-series A investor since 2012 and is a spin-out of A*STAR, which is a
statutory board under the Ministry of Trade and Industry dedicated to
fostering scientific research and knowledge-based economy; and

(d) Ecosoftt Pte Ltd (“Ecosoftt”), a social enterprise where IOG led its
convertible loan reset and its first capitalisation as a shareholder in 2015.
In 2016, Ecosoftt went on to win the Zayed Sustainability Prize 2019.
Exhibited in “PKB-1” at pages 198 to 199 is a Facebook post by Mr Masagos
Zulkifli congratulating Ecosoftt. Ecosoftt is head-quartered at the Public
Utilities Board.

[emphasis in original]

38 However, beyond some further elaboration of Indian Ocean Group’s presence
in Singapore, as well as a Facebook post of Minister Masagos Zulkifli
“congratulating” one of the local companies, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Pradeepto Kumar Biswas for HC/SUM 268/2023 dated 1 February 2023
at pp 198–199.

the appellant has provided no evidence on the financial status of any of these
companies, nor has he even exhibited any documentary proof of his ownership of
Indian Ocean Group. I therefore conclude that this evidence also fails the
third requirement of the Ladd v Marshall test in that it is not apparently
credible.

39 For these reasons, I dismiss SUM 268.

RA 343 and RA 348

40 I turn then to RA 343 and RA 348, which both relate to the stay and
dismissal of B 2425 on the common ground that the Judgment is “false”, and
that the SD is defective.

41 I dismiss both RA 343 and RA 348 because these issues have been considered
and dismissed by the courts on various occasions. As such, the appellant is
precluded by the doctrine of issue estoppel from relitigating these very
issues (see the High Court decision of CKR Contract Services Pte Ltd v
Asplenium Land Pte Ltd and others [2020] 5 SLR 665 at [43] and the Court of
Appeal decision of Miao Weiguo v Tendcare Medical Group Holdings Pte Ltd
(formerly known as Tian Jian Hua Xia Medical Group Holdings Pte Ltd) (in
judicial management) and another [2022] 1 SLR 884 at [179]). It is aptly clear
that the requirements of issue estoppel are satisfied in the present case. In
RA 343 and RA 348, the appellant is seeking, respectively, a stay and
dismissal of B 2425 on the grounds that the Judgment is “false”, and that the
SD is defective. Yet, as I have recounted at length above, these issues have
been extensively considered and dismissed by the courts. Indeed, I find that
the appellant’s repeated attempts to relitigate these issues before the courts
to be a clear abuse of process designed to vex the respondents.

42 Further, in relation to RA 343, I also find that the appellant has not
discharged his burden of justifying a stay of B 2425. It is clear that under s
315 of the IRDA, the court can stay bankruptcy proceedings. In this regard,
the applicable standard that an applicant seeking a stay needs to satisfy is
the same as that for resisting an application for summary judgment. Thus, the
appellant in the present case must raise triable issues (see the Court of
Appeal decision of Mohd Zain bin Abdullah v Chimbusco International Petroleum
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and another appeal [2014] 2 SLR 446 (“Chimbusco”) at [16]
and [18]). However, it is not enough for the appellant to simply allege a
triable issue without more. As the Court of Appeal observed in Chimbusco (at
[30]), “it will not suffice for a debtor to raise spurious allegations in
order to fend off bankruptcy proceedings”. While the court made these
observations in the context of ss 64, 65(5), and 65(6) of the BA, these
provisions are substantively similar to ss 315, 316(5), and 316(6) of the
IRDA, and therefore remain highly relevant in the interpretation of these
provisions. Moreover, where there is a judgment debt, the applicant has a more
onerous burden and must raise more than triable issues (see the High Court
decision of Seto Wei Meng (suing as the administrator of the estate and on
behalf of the dependants of Yeong Soek Mun, deceased) and another v Foo Chee
Boon Edward [2021] SGHCR 5 at [35] and [40]).

43 Applied to the present case, the appellant’s claim, taken at its highest,
is that the discovery of the so-called Pacatolus Documents would prove that
the Pacatolus Fund did exist. In this regard, I agree with AR Tan that Ang J
did not make any finding in S 1270 that the Pacatolus Fund did not exist.
Thus, the discovery of the Pacatolus Documents would not prove that the
respondents had committed perjury at the trial or S 1270. More fundamentally,
such discovery would also not disturb Ang J’s decision in S 1270. As AR Tan
rightly observed, Ang J’s decision on the appellant’s liability in relation to
the Pacatolus Fund was based on the following findings: (a) that the appellant
had breached his fiduciary duties to the respondents by his conduct after the
respondents invested in the Pacatolus Fund; and (b) that the appellant was
liable in deceit as he had made fraudulent misrepresentations to the
respondents in relation to the Pacatolus Fund investment. These reasons have
nothing to do with a finding that the Pacatolus Fund did not exist. Thus, the
appellant has not even raised any triable issue in relation to the Judgment,
let alone met the more onerous standard to obtain a stay in respect of the
Judgment debt.

44 Moreover, the appellant has not challenged his liability in respect of the
other investments in S 1270, which amount to a total principal sum of US$1.2m.
This sum is still part of the subject matter of the SD that remains
unsatisfied. Thus, even if the appellant is correct that Ang J had made a
finding of fact on the non-existence of the Pacatolus Fund, he would still be
made a bankrupt by virtue of him not contesting his liability for this sum of
US$1.2m.

45 Accordingly, I dismiss RA 343 and RA 348.

RA 344

46 I also dismiss RA 344 because the appellant has not raised any other
argument, apart from those in RA 343 and RA 348, in relation to AR Tan’s
decision to grant the bankruptcy order in B 2425. Indeed, in the appellant’s
written submissions, it is stated that “SUM 3718/2022 (stay) and SUM 4306/2022
(Dismissal of bankruptcy application) also goes [sic] to the heart of the
Statutory Demand and the bankruptcy application”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AWS at para 12.

It therefore must follow the dismissal of RA 343 and RA 348, and the
substantial grounds therein, that RA 344 is also dismissed.

Miscellaneous points

47 For completeness, I address two miscellaneous points that the appellant
raises in his written submissions.

48 First, the appellant argues that the SD was in breach of “[rr] 64(1)(e) and
(2) of [the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution (Personal Insolvency)
Rules 2020]”, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AWS at para 14.

which provides as follows:

Form and contents of statutory demand

64.—(1) A statutory demand —

…

(e) if the creditor making the statutory demand holds any property of the
debtor or any security for the debt, must specify —

(i) the full amount of the debt; and

(ii) the nature and value of the property or the security; and

…

(2) If the creditor making the statutory demand holds any property of the
debtor or any security for the debt, the amount of the debt of which payment
is claimed is the full amount of the debt less the amount specified in the
statutory demand as the value of the property or security.

[emphasis added]

I fail to see the relevance of this provision. In any case, beyond citing this
provision and making a bare assertion that the SD is in breach of it, the
appellant does not explain why the SD is in breach of the provision.

49 Second, the appellant argues that AR Tan was wrong in not granting the six
weeks which he requested for in order to bring in sums to satisfy the SD. The
appellant then says that he has satisfied the three grounds in r 95(2) of the
PIR 2020, which sets out the grounds on which a bankruptcy hearing can be
adjourned. I fail to see the relevance of this because the appellant has not
appealed against AR Tan’s decision to not adjourn the hearing of B 2425.

Conclusion

50 For the reasons above, I dismiss SUM 2247, SUM 268, RA 343, RA 344, and RA
348. I make no order as to RA 131 as it is moot. In conclusion, I agree with
the respondents that they have had to contend with the appellant’s numerous
applications over the years to deprive them of their fruits under the
Judgment. As the courts have repeatedly found, the appellant’s applications
are clearly intended to vex the respondents and constitute a clear abuse of
process. Indeed, as I said above, I find that the present matters before me
were also commenced by the appellant in abuse of process. These are all
baseless and spurious attempts to delay the enforcement of the Judgment and
the ensuing bankruptcy order in B 2425.

51 I also observe that the appellant had in the hearing before AR Tan labelled
the court’s decision as a “sham judgment and order” and stated that the courts
are “corrupt” and “enforced [sic] in sham exercises” and that AR Tan is a
“corrupt judge”. While the appellant had appeared in person before AR Tan,
when he had not been represented by solicitors, these are clearly unacceptable
and improper statements about the Singapore courts. At the hearing before me,
I pointed these statements out to Mr Lim, who appeared for the appellant.
While Mr Lim acknowledged that these were clearly unacceptable and improper
statements and said that he will speak to the appellant about this, I observed
to him that the appropriate actions may still be taken against the appellant.

52 In closing, the parties are to tender their written submissions on costs,
limited to seven pages each, within 14 days if this decision. If the parties
do not tender their written submissions on time, the court will proceed to
make the appropriate costs order regardless without any further notice.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
See Chern Yang, Cheng Hiu Lam Larisa and Joshua Quek Wen Chieh (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the plaintiffs in HC/B 2425/2021 and the third and fourth respondents
in HC/OA 152/2022;  
Lim Tean (Carson Law Chambers) for the defendant in HC/B 2425/2021 and the
claimant in HC/OA 152/2022;

Chan Daniel, Yu Zheng Yi Victoria and Ang Guo Qiang (WongPartnership LLP) for
the first respondent in HC/OA 152/2022;

Tham Hsu Hsien, Lim Jie Hao Sampson and Abigail Anousha Fernandez (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the second respondent in HC/OA 152/2022;

Brenda Chow (RSM Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd) for the private trustee in HC/OA
152/2022.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 15 Sep 2023 (12:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

