Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 10

Divorce (Transferred) No 806 of 2020

Between

CXR

… Plaintiff

And

CXQ

… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family Law — Custody — Care and control--]

[Family Law — Custody — Access]

[Family Law — Matrimonial assets — Division]

[Family Law — Maintenance — Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CXR

  
v

  

CXQ

[2023] SGHCF 10

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred)
No 806 of 2020  
Debbie Ong JAD  
11, 12 May, 26 September, 18 November, 9 December 2022

8 March 2023

Debbie Ong JAD:

Background facts

1 The plaintiff (the “Wife”) and the defendant (the “Husband”) were married on
12 February 2011. The Interim Judgment of Divorce (“IJ”) was granted on 30
November 2020 and the ancillary matters (“AM”) were heard over two mornings on
11 and 12 May 2022.

2 This was a marriage that lasted 9 years and 9 months. The Wife was a
director and head of Marine Insurance at [Company A] who earned about $48,635
per month (net income). The Husband was unemployed at the time of the AM
hearing; he drew a gross rental income of $2,938 per month. He was last
employed as an investment banker with [Company B]. Based on the Husband’s
Notice of Assessment dated 6 May 2019, for income earned in 2018, his last
drawn monthly salary was approximately $36,494 with bonuses.

3 The parties have one child, C, who was 11 years of age at the time of the AM
hearing. C was diagnosed with refractory frontal lobe epilepsy at age three.
In 2018, he underwent frontal lobe lesionectomy in a hospital in the United
Kingdom. He met the criteria for four comorbid neurodevelopment disorders:
moderate to severe specific learning disorder with impairment in reading,
writing and mathematics, and mild to moderate attention and hyperactivity
disorder.

4 After the AM hearing in May 2022, the parties were directed on 20 June 2022
to file further documents with respect to specified assets listed in their
joint summary of relevant information (“Joint Summary”) by 27 June 2022. On 11
August 2022, pursuant to a request by the Husband, both parties were directed
to file further written submissions on issues relating to the child by 1
September 2022.

5 I highlighted to both parties that the Joint Summary that they had submitted
is a key document which I would use as a summary of their latest submissions
on their respective positions. I made it clear that the positions stated
therein would represent their final positions and would be used in reaching my
decision.

Custody, care and control

6 The parties first submitted on the issues of custody, care and control at
the AM hearing in May 2022, and they filed further written submissions on
these issues in early September. On 19 August 2022, the Husband applied for a
Personal Protection Order (“PPO”) and an Expedited Order for both himself and
C and a Domestic Exclusion Order (for the Wife to leave the “Entire Property”)
at the Family Court. On 15 September 2022, the Husband filed HCF/SUM 269/2022
(“SUM 269”) for “sole custody of the child”, citing the Wife’s “abusive
behaviour” towards the child which “has led to a return of seizures in the
child”. On 16 September 2022, the Wife filed HCF/SUM 270/2022 (“SUM 270”) for
interim sole custody, care and control of C and that she shall obtain the
Husband’s consent on matters pertaining to health; as for matters concerning
education and therapy, she was to have the final say, and she shall consult
with the Husband and inform him of her decision with respect to these matters.

7 As I had not yet delivered the AM decision on custody, care and control at
the time all these other applications were filed, I thought it important to
hear from both parties the significance of the new applications filed after
the AM hearing. I fixed a hearing on 26 September 2022. As my decision in
respect of the AM would be final, including decisions relating to the custody,
care and control of the child, my AM orders would render the interim
applications for custody, care and control moot. At the hearing on 26
September 2022, both parties indicated that C’s latest neuropsychological
report by Mr R of KKH dated 25 August 2022 (“KKH Report”) should be admitted.
I took into account this report in reaching the final AM decision. I was of
the view that as the conflict between the parties was escalating, it was
important that I delivered the AM orders as soon as is practicable to provide
the parties with some finality, rather than hold off the decisions until after
the PPO applications have been heard, as requested by the Husband. This was
fair and in the interests of C, as the broad allegations relating to the PPO
application that the Husband has highlighted at the hearing were largely
already reflected in the submissions for the AM. As my AM orders on custody,
care and control were final, no orders were made for SUM 269 and SUM 270.

Custody

8 The Husband’s initial position at the AM hearing in May 2022 was that the
parties should have joint custody. He had since changed his position by
submitting in SUM 269 that he should have sole custody. He submitted in SUM
269 that joint custody was “not possible”. On custody, the Husband submitted
that he was the primary carer for the child and that he would be able to help
the child reach his potential and thrive in a supportive stable environment.
The Husband submitted that the Wife had solely contributed to the acrimony in
the parties’ relationship by trying to exclude him from C’s life and exerting
undue pressure on him through the legal process. He also pointed out that the
Wife had been abusive towards C, “overwhelm[ing]” and “overload[ing]” C with
interventions, when “this level of therapists” was not needed or justified. He
alleged that she has also “damag[ed]” his relationship with C by criticising
him in front of C. The Husband further submitted that the Wife’s behaviour of
enmeshing the child and alienating C from him makes it clear that she is not a
suitable custodial parent for the child. He also stated that there is no
instance or evidence of violence committed by him that would justify a sole
custody order for the Wife. In the alternative, if joint custody is awarded,
the Husband prays that he will have the final say for major decisions relating
to C’s education and medical treatment, to avoid a deadlock.

9 The Wife submitted that she should have sole custody of C, but that she will
obtain the Husband’s consent on matters pertaining to whether C is to be
hospitalised, whether a non-emergency surgical procedure is to be performed on
C and on matters pertaining to religion. On matters concerning education and
therapy (including but not limited to occupational therapy, therapy concerning
C’s academic needs and the like), the Wife submitted that she shall have the
final say, but shall nevertheless consult with the Husband and inform him of
her decision. The Wife submitted that co-parenting is impossible as the
Husband is constantly diminishing her as C’s mother and making allegations
against her in front of C, and that the acrimony in the present case goes
beyond the usual acrimony of bickering parties. The Wife’s position was that C
requires a structured, consistent and regular support system and routine
supported by professional educators and specialist therapists. She further
pointed out that the Husband adopts a very different position in respect of
C’s therapy, as he believes that there are better ways to help him recover and
give better progress. She pointed out that C’s education and therapy were the
primary sources of conflict between the parties. She submitted that her
position is aligned with the medical professionals’ recommendations, and she
had arranged for and paid for all of C’s therapists.

10 It was made clear in CX v CY [2005] 3 SLR 690 (“CX v CY”) that custody
concerns the authority to make important, long-term decisions concerning the
upbringing and welfare of the child. Acrimony between the parents is in itself
insufficient to justify a sole custody order, unless accompanied by more
exceptional facts or circumstances that are relevant to the issue.

11 I recognised that the parties’ differing opinions as to what education and
therapy arrangements would be best for C had been a major source of much
conflict. Ultimately, the type and frequency of C’s therapy are parenting
decisions, which should be made by the parents themselves. Parents know their
child best and have their own personal aspirations for their children. They,
not the court, are best placed to make these parenting decisions. However,
despite this reality, because the parties are unable to reach an arrangement
and the marital conflict continues to escalate, the court will step in (as the
last resort) to help the parties move on. The principle that guides the court
in making its decision on custody, care and control is that the paramount
consideration is the welfare of the child. Having regard to the KKH Report, I
accepted that C would benefit from specialist educational therapy. I further
noted that, unfortunately, the triangulation of therapists into the conflict
has also affected C’s opportunity to receive the therapy that he may need.

12 I could see that both parents love C deeply, and C displays love and
affection to both parents. Both parents have their own strengths in how they
parent and care for C. Both parties must look much harder, beyond the haze of
acrimony, in order to see clearly that C needed his parents to allow each
other to have a place in caring for him. The Wife has shown her love for C by
showering him with material comfort, providing him many opportunities and
access to various therapies and learning opportunities, including engaging
occupational therapists, a speech and language therapist and a play therapist.
She is meticulous and organised, and has taken much initiative in ensuring
that C’s medical and educational needs were attended to. The Husband is
sensitive to C’s emotional needs. He is empathetic to C’s learning
disabilities and tries to come up with creative solutions in engaging C. While
the marital breakdown has adversely impacted the relationship between the
parties, both parents must endeavour to recognise, accept and harness each
other’s strengths in co-parenting C.

13 Both parents must also acknowledge their weaknesses. This requires both
parties to have a truly open and humble spirit. The Wife was very focused on
ensuring that C receives different kinds of therapy and may be less attuned to
C’s other needs, such as having more resting space between therapy sessions
and classes. More is not always better. While she had made efforts to try to
teach C herself, particularly during the period of Covid-19 restrictions, this
had also caused her much anxiety and stress, which may have resulted in her
negative reactions in C’s presence. The Husband was aggrieved by the marital
breakdown, and this may in turn have caused him to be lacking in the necessary
insights in his parenting of C. He opposed the Wife’s efforts in arranging for
therapy and may not have sufficiently appreciated that some of the therapy
arranged could afford C a structured, collaborative and supportive care
environment.

14 It is in C’s interests to have the care and support of both parents as
substantially as possible even though the parents will be in separate
households. I was of the view that both parents should be granted joint
custody. Parties should work together to make joint decisions pertaining to
C’s healthcare and further medical treatment, where required. In the event of
deadlock pertaining to matters relating to C’s academic education arrangements
for reading, writing and math, the Wife may make the final decision. In the
event of deadlock pertaining to matters relating to C’s extra-curricular
arrangements and other therapy including occupational and play therapy, the
Husband may make the final decision. Having said this, I cautioned the parties
not to approach the matter as if each had sole control over the areas I have
stated, for this is at core a joint custody arrangement which may involve both
parents discussing, considering each other’s views, compromising and deciding
with C’s interests at the forefront. Clearly the parties must carefully
consider how the sum total of all the sessions (whether academic, therapeutic
or sports) affect C. I reiterated that C would benefit most from having a
stable and predictable environment. C would also not benefit from having his
schedule packed with different therapy sessions, classes or extracurricular
activities – on this point, the parties should take guidance from the KKH
Report which highlighted that C needs “breathing room” between and within
activities.

15 As I had ordered joint custody, I reminded both parties that it is a legal
responsibility that they cooperate to co-parent C, for their continued
conflict would only harm C. I directed both parents to attend counselling at
the Divorce Support Specialist Agencies (family service centres specialised in
divorce and parenting cases) to gain better insight into C’s needs and to
strengthen their parenting abilities. Both parties should also endeavour to
obtain personal therapeutic services for themselves to understand their own
issues and needs as they continue to parent C under these post-divorce
circumstances.

Care and control

16 The Husband submitted that he should have care and control of C. He
submitted that he was C’s primary caregiver and is sensitive to C’s medical,
educational and emotional needs. He further submitted that if the Wife is
granted care and control, she will continue alienating C from the Husband. He
pointed to the career break that he took from November 2013 to September 2014,
when he was made redundant from his previous role at [Company F] and took the
opportunity to play a more active role at home. He also pointed to the Wife’s
career which requires long hours and a significant amount of travelling, and
that with the lifting of Covid-19 restrictions, it is only a matter of time
before the Wife has to resume her frequent work trips and will have to return
to the office. On caring for C’s medical needs, the Husband also submitted
that he had spent many hours researching on C’s medical condition and has been
the primary point of contact with C’s therapists and teachers. He also
submitted that the Wife has a harsher parenting style which is incompatible
for their child who has medical conditions and developmental delays. He also
submitted that if the Wife has care and control of C, she will intensify her
efforts to enmesh C and isolate C from him.

17 The Wife submitted that she should have sole care and control of C. She had
been the parent who was involved in C’s day-to-day life and scheduling, she
had been dedicated to ensuring C gets the support that he needs, and C is her
priority. She had also been supporting him not just with his academic, therapy
and medical needs, but also emotionally. The Husband did not deprioritise his
career, had never been C’s primary caregiver, was not a stay-home parent and
exaggerated the degree to which he focuses on C. She further explained that
the Husband was not involved in C’s day-to-day needs, and was unfamiliar with
C’s schedule.

18 I was acutely cognisant of the parties’ acrimonious relationship and their
present inability to co-parent effectively. I was equally aware that both
parents love C dearly and had been giving their best efforts to care for him
and help him cope with his medical condition and learning disabilities, albeit
in their own ways. As C was living with both parents in the matrimonial home,
he was accustomed to the arrangements and was close to, and dependent on both
parents. While there were difficulties in cooperating on matters relating to C
in the past few years, the parties were also able to sort out many care
aspects including having C travel with his father. C has had the physical
presence and care of both parents in his life even after the marriage had
broken down. In the circumstances, I was of the view that parties should share
care and control of C, but it is crucial that they must have in place a clear
routine and structure that would enable C to have a stable and predictable
arrangement. This arrangement placed the best interests of C at the forefront.

19 I made the following orders:

(a) The Wife is to have care and control of C from 8.00pm on Saturdays to
8.00pm on Wednesdays. The Husband is to have care and control of C from 8.00pm
on Wednesdays to 8.00pm on Saturdays. The parties can mutually agree to adjust
these care periods.

(b) The Husband and Wife are to co-operate in facilitating C’s attendance of
educational or other therapeutic sessions if they fall during that parent’s
care and control time.

(c) When it comes to special days, such as birthdays, public holidays and
school holidays, parties are to mutually agree on the care arrangements to be
made. They have shared care and control and so these special days should be
shared in that spirit. The parties were reminded to exercise flexibility and
graciousness in making the necessary arrangements during these special days.

(d) If either party wishes to bring C overseas, they are to notify the other
party with at least four weeks’ prior notice in writing, with the details of
the dates of travel, travel itinerary, flight and/or transport details,
accommodation details, persons accompanying on the trip and contact details
whilst C is abroad.

(e) If either party brings C overseas, the other party is to have liberal
video call access to C.

(f) Parties may vary the care arrangement by mutual agreement.

Division of assets

20 As a general position, all matrimonial assets and liabilities should be
identified at the time of the IJ and valued at the time of the AM hearing. It
is noted that the balances in bank and Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) accounts
are to be taken at the time of the IJ, as the matrimonial assets are the
moneys in the accounts and not the bank and CPF accounts themselves. Thus, in
general, available values as close to the AM hearing date as possible will be
used. Nevertheless, where parties have specifically agreed to use a value for
the asset or liability as at a different date, I adopted that value instead.
In this case, the parties agreed that, in general, the date for ascertaining
the pool of assets is the IJ date and the date for valuing those assets is the
date of the AM hearing (or closest to this date).

21 The parties agreed to the following exchange rates in valuing their assets:
1 SGD = 0.5736 GBP; 1 SGD = 0.6807 EUR; 1 SGD = 0.6977 CHF; 1 SGD = 0.7271
USD. In this decision, “$” refers to the Singapore dollar. I have used only
whole dollar values in assigning values; the values in cents are dropped as
they are de minimis in light of the large total value of the assets.

The pool of matrimonial assets and liabilities

Undisputed matrimonial assets and liabilities

22 The parties agreed on the following matrimonial assets and liabilities, as
well as their values, as tabulated:

S/N| Manner of Holding | Asset | Net Value ($)  
---|---|---|---  
1\. | Wife’s Name| DBS Savings Account No. Ending 024 | 115,496  
2\. | DBS eMulti-Currency Account No. Ending 484 | 9,507  
3\. | DBS Multiplier Account No. Ending 523 | 2,804  
4\. | DBS SRS Account No. Ending 223 | 4,833  
5\. | POSB Account No. Ending 225 (Joint Account with C) | 21,432  
6\. | ABERDEEN STANDARD INVESTMENTS: Aberdeen Standard Thailand Equity Fund SGD | 4,120  
7\. | FIRST STATE INVESTMENT: First State Dividend Advantage Class A | 14,709  
8\. | FIRST STATE INVESTMENT: First State Regional India Fund | 4,233  
9\. | DBS: AB FCP Global High Yield | 5,467  
10\. | Fidelity Investment ISA Account Ending 271 | 59,090  
11\. | CPF Ordinary| 266,360  
12\. | CPF Medisave| 61,102  
13\. | CPF Special | 185,062  
14\. | PRUCASH policy No. Ending 526| 21,000  
15\. | PRULIFE policy No. Ending 159| 51,000  
1\. | Husband’s Name | DBS Savings Account No. Ending 279| 10,001  
2\. | DBS SRS Account No. Ending 223| 21,602  
3\. | HSBC Current Account No. Ending 496| 6,573  
4\. | Standard Chartered FCY$AVER Account No. Ending 758| 0  
5\. | Standard Chartered USD High Account No. Ending 535| 1,980  
6\. | Standard Chartered FCY$AVER Account No. Ending 721| 1,689  
7\. | Standard Chartered FCY$AVER Account No. Ending 378 | 1,870   
8\. | Standard Chartered BONUS$AVER Account No. Ending 838 | 908  
9\. | Standard Chartered Cheque and Save Account No. Ending 430| 13,328  
10\. | NatWest Account No. Ending 081 | 146,672  
11\. | NatWest Account No. Ending 113 | 16  
12\. | NatWest Account No. Ending 638 | 5  
13\. | NatWest Account No. Ending 566 (Joint Account with C) | 329  
14\. | HSBC UK Account No. Ending 561 (Joint Account with C) | 90  
15\. | Clydesdale bank Account No. Ending 090| 333  
16\. | Standard Chartered Investment Fund / Portfolio Account No. Ending 101: FSSA Dividend Advantage Fund | 60,194  
17\. | Standard Chartered Investment Fund / Portfolio Account No. Ending 101: LIONGLOBAL VIETNAM FUND | 18,145  
18\. | Standard Chartered Investment Fund / Portfolio Account No. Ending 101: SCHRODER ISF ASIAN DIVIDEND MAXIMISER A| 59,663  
19\. | DBS SRS Investment Account No. Ending 223: FID GLB DIV FUND A-MINCOME SGD| 5,974  
20\. | DBS SRS Investment Account No. Ending 223: FSSA DIV ADVANTAGE A(QDIST) | 16,197  
21\. | Singapore Savings Bonds | 41,500  
22\. | Halifax Instant ISA Saver Account No. Ending 066| 181  
23\. | Halifax Junior Cash ISA Account No. Ending 969| 6,479  
24\. | CPF Ordinary| 70,781  
25\. | CPF Special| 178,641  
26\. | CPF Medisave| 59,552  
27\. | Volkswagen Golf A7| 125,300  
28\. | Wines stored with Uncorked Ltd| 7,588  
29\. | Money due to Husband’s mother| -43,584  
Total Net Value of Undisputed Matrimonial Assets| 1,638,222  
  
Disputed matrimonial assets

23 The parties disputed a number of the assets held in their respective names.

(A) The UK Apartment (Joint Summary S/N 3)

24 The Husband submitted that the property in the UK (the “UK Apartment”) was
purchased prior to the marriage on 5 July 2010. The purchase price was
GBP367,500. He submitted that in accordance with USB v USA and another appeal
[2020] 2 SLR 588 (“USB v USA”), the UK Apartment was partially paid for during
the marriage, and thus only the proportion of the value of the asset that was
acquired during the marriage should go into the pool. The Husband submitted
that the payments he made towards the UK Apartment before the marriage
totalled GBP124,900 (= $217,748). During the marriage, he paid mortgage
instalments and the loan redemption amount, totalling GBP303,665 (= $529,402).

25 The Wife agreed that the UK Apartment was acquired before the parties’
marriage was registered. She contended that she and C resided in the apartment
from February 2011 to November 2012 and that it was therefore a matrimonial
home. The Wife pointed to TNC v TND [2016] 3 SLR 1172 (“TNC v TND”) at [18],
where it was found that residence in a property for 15 months was sufficient
to constitute ordinary use of shelter for the purpose of a matrimonial asset.
Further, she submitted that the Husband should not deduct the payments which
he made before the marriage, as this property was improved by her, who made
indirect contributions. She submitted that she had made indirect
financial/non-financial contributions to the house, including paying for the
utilities and other works, making contributions towards renovation works,
doing the cleaning, laundry, cooking and ironing, paying for the furniture,
fittings and decorations and paying for the groceries. The parties also had a
cleaner who came in once a week (for about 2 to 3 hours) to iron the clothes
and do some general housework. As more than 10 years have passed since the
Wife stayed in the UK Apartment, she did not have receipts to show that she
made payments. The Wife also pointed out that the Husband retains the rental
income derived from the UK Apartment.

26 Section 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2020 Rev Ed) (“Women’s
Charter”) provides the court the ancillary power, upon a grant of divorce, to
divide the matrimonial economic gains of the marriage. Assets acquired during
marriage by either party’s efforts are quintessential matrimonial assets
subject to division. Assets acquired before the marriage may be subject to the
division exercise if they were substantially improved during the marriage by
the other spouse or by both spouses, or if they were ordinarily used or
enjoyed by both parties or their children while residing together for purposes
such as shelter, transport, household use, etc. On the latter, such “use” must
be relatively prolonged rather than casual (USB v USA at [24]). Once
transformed, the entire asset is included into the pool of assets to be
divided (USB v USA at [19(b)].

27 I noted that in the present case, the parties had stayed in the property
for a total of 21 months. C, who was born in the UK, spent almost the full
first year of his life in the UK Apartment. As stated in TNC v TND at [18], an
example of a casual residence would include staying in a property for no more
than 21 days out of 14 years of marriage (Ryan Neil John v Berger Rosaline
[2000] 3 SLR(R) 647 at [60]). In the circumstances, I found that the UK
Apartment was ordinarily used by both parties for shelter and therefore
constituted a matrimonial asset under s 112(10)(a)(i) of the Women’s Charter.
I noted that the Husband also made about 70% of the payments towards the UK
Apartment during the marriage. The full value of this asset was included in
the pool of matrimonial assets.

(B) Standard Chartered FCY$AVER Account No. Ending 774 (Joint Summary S/N 8)
(“the 774 account”)

28 The parties agreed that as of 18 January 2021, the amount in the 774
Account was $6,037. However, the Wife submitted that between 26 April 2018 and
25 April 2019, the Husband sold 390 units of the Wife’s [Company A] shares and
received dividends in the aggregate sum of CHF 41,531 ($59,525). These monies
were received into the 774 Account. The Husband said that he used these monies
for C’s brain surgery in September 2018 and the associated costs. However, the
Wife contended that she had separately transferred a sum of $48,000 to the
Husband for the purpose of the said surgery, which cost GBP28,752 ($50,126).
Further, on 28 May 2019, the Husband received $50,751 from the insurer.

29 The Wife thus submitted that the Husband was liable for the sum of the sale
proceeds that he had received from the sale of the [Company A] shares
amounting to $59,525 and the sum of $48,000 paid by the Wife to the Husband
for the purposes of C’s surgery.

30 The Husband submitted that he did not sell the Wife’s shares, but simply
left resting orders which would sometimes be fulfilled. As for the $48,000
that was transferred to him for C’s brain surgery, the Husband explained that
this amount was used for trip expenses rather than to cover half of C’s brain
surgery and associated costs. The Husband submitted that the trip alone cost a
total of about GBP100,000, which he paid for on his own. The Husband further
submitted that there were as many as four trips to the UK in relation to C’s
brain surgery, and the cost of all four trips (including doctor’s
appointments, medical procedures, flights and living expenses) far exceeded
the sum of GBP100,000 and the Wife’s contribution of $48,000. As for the
insurance claim, the Husband stated that the insurance claim took a long time
to process. The Husband furnished some emails he exchanged with an employee
from Parkway Pantai relating to his insurance claim for C’s expenses, along
with receipts of C’s medical bill. However, there was no documentation of the
eventual pay-out that he received. When he finally received the payment from
the insurers, he was facing redundancy and needed the funds to continue paying
for the household and the family’s expenses. The Husband submitted that it was
not necessary for them to tabulate every single expense and to seek
reimbursement from each other.

31 I noted that C underwent a major brain surgery in September 2018 in the UK
– the Wife also accepted that the amount spent on the surgery was about
$50,000. I accepted that there were other associated ancillary expenses,
including flight tickets and living expenses. I recognised that there may have
been a number of trips required for such a serious surgery and treatment and
that medical expenses in total would come to a rather substantial sum. Adding
the incidental costs, the Husband’s estimate that GBP100,000 was spent on the
UK trip was not unreasonable. I also noted that the parties started sleeping
in separate bedrooms only after the parties returned from the UK trip. While C
was receiving medical treatment and, in the lead up to his major surgery, I
thought that the parties cooperated as responsible parents would towards
ensuring that C would have a successful surgery. Married couples can be
expected to contribute towards their child’s needs without being calculative
of every expense. I accepted that the sums were used for the family. The
Wife’s financial contributions in this respect were considered in the
attribution of each party’s indirect contributions (see [109] below).

(C) Fidelity International Investments

(I) Husband’s Fidelity International Investments (Joint Summary S/N 26 and 27)

32 The Husband submitted that the Fidelity International Account and the
investments therein were pre-marital assets. He submitted that he opened this
account prior to the marriage, when he was living in the UK and had not
deposited any matrimonial funds since the parties were married. Following my
direction on 20 June 2022 for further evidence, the Husband explained that he
made an investment of GBP7,200 into a UK Fidelity ISA account on 5 April 2009,
to take advantage of his ISA allowance in that tax year. He purchased two
funds, the Fidelity Asia Fund A-Accumulation and Fidelity Enhanced Income Fund
A-Accumulation on 5 April 2009. On 13 and 20 November 2015, Fidelity changed
his investments to restructured investments as now reflected in the Joint
Summary, but the Husband had no role in this. All other transactions were
related to the service fees, except for a deposit of GBP100 to cover the costs
of the account fees. Other than this deposit, the funds and investments were
all acquired pre-marriage.

33 The Wife, in her reply submissions, agreed that the Husband acquired the
Fidelity International Account and the investments therein before the
marriage.

34 As parties agreed that these investments were pre-marital assets, I
excluded the Fidelity International Investments from the pool.

(II) Fidelity Investment ISA Account Ending 0271 (Joint Summary S/N 66)

35 The Wife submitted that, notwithstanding the Joint Summary, the Husband’s
evidence concerning his Fidelity Account gave rise to a real probability that
the Wife’s Fidelity Account was opened around the same time. The Husband
stated that he “opened, funded and managed [the Wife’s] Fidelity account”,
which strongly indicated that the Wife’s Fidelity Account was opened and
funded before the parties were married and while the parties were residing
together in the UK. The Wife pointed to the fact that the Husband opened his
Fidelity Account in April 2009 to take advantage of an ISA allowance in a tax
year and that the Wife did not declare her Fidelity Account until the Husband
reminded her of it and provided the account reference details. On balance, the
Wife submitted that it was probable that the Husband opened the Wife’s
Fidelity Account in April 2009.

36 I noted that the Wife had not adduced any documentation or evidence in
support of her new claim that her Fidelity Account was opened around the same
time as that of the Husband’s. Without more, I was not able to determine that
the Wife’s Fidelity Account was opened and funded in or around April 2009. I
did not exclude the Wife’s Fidelity Account from the pool.

(III) Sterling Individual Savings Account Ending 300 (Joint Summary S/N 28,
29, 30 and 31)

37 The Husband submitted that the Sterling Individual Savings Account Ending
300 and the investments therein were pre-marital assets which were not liable
for division. He submitted that he had opened this account in 2010 prior to
the marriage, and made deposits on 2 February 2010, 22 February 2010 and 8
March 2010. Thereafter, he did not deposit any fresh funds throughout the
duration of the marriage. The Wife submitted that there was no clear evidence
to indicate that the Sterling Individual Savings Account was acquired before
marriage.

38 There was evidence to show that the monies deposited in the Sterling
Individual Savings Account Ending 300 were pre-marital assets. The Husband
adduced a full transaction history for Plan Ending 300, which showed two
“transfer in” deposits: the first made on 22 February 2010 of GBP820 and the
second made on 8 March 2010 of GBP14,060. While there were subsequent
transactions labelled as “merge (in)” and “merge (out)”, the Husband pointed
to a list of definitions which explained that this occurred as a result of
either a fund closure, or a new version of a fund becoming available, and in
either of those events, the transactions would automatically occur. Apart from
the “merge (in)” and “merge (out)” transactions, which the Husband had
explained was automatically generated, there was no deposit of fresh funds
throughout the account during the duration of the marriage. I thus found that
the monies in the Sterling Individual Savings Account Ending 300 were pre-
marital assets which were not included in the pool for division.

(D) Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs (Joint Summary S/N 49)

39 The Husband submitted that the full value of his tax liability to Her
Majesty’s Revenue and Customs (“HRMC”), which was $143,828, should be taken
into account in asset division. He explained that in or around 2009, the
Husband worked as a contractor for an umbrella company in London, which had a
non-standard way of paying its employees that was later investigated by HRMC.
A class-action group comprising of current and ex-contractors directly
affected by the existing and proposed legislative changes granting HMRC wide-
ranging powers (the “Class Action Group”), was thus representing the Husband
in arriving at a tax analysis and consequent settlement with HMRC. The total
amount of the Husband’s liabilities was thus dependent on the outcome of the
appeal. The Husband’s liability consisted of the following components:

(a) HMRC Assessments in respect of tax years 2009–2010 and 2008–2009. The
assessment for these two years amounted to GBP42,399. Depending on the outcome
of the appeal, there would be considerable interest and penalties with the
potential liability exceeding GBP50,000.

(b) Submission of tax returns from 2010–2011 through to 2019–2020. The
liability was in the region of GBP1,000 to GBP2,000. However, HMRC might raise
amendments and assessments to tax returns increasing the liability by
GBP32,500 plus interest and penalties.

(c) Further tax returns that remained outstanding from 2006–2007 and
2005–2006. As the Husband was an employee with no additional income at that
time, there were no liabilities that should exist.

40 The Husband first became aware of these liabilities when he moved to
Singapore sometime in 2012 and 2013, during the marriage. The Husband thus
submitted that he had incurred this liability during the marriage, and thus
the full liability of GBP82,500 ($143,828) should be included in the division.

41 I noted that the Husband included speculative amounts in the calculation of
his liabilities. Notwithstanding the outcome of the Class Action Group’s
appeal which had not yet been finalised at the time of the hearing, the
Husband then had a liability of approximately GBP44,399 ($77,404). As
explained in WAS v WAT [2022] SGHCF 7 at [46], liabilities should be taken
into account as s 112 of the Women’s Charter concerns a division of the
parties’ net matrimonial assets. As such, debts proven to exist at the time of
divorce should be deducted from the pool of matrimonial assets, which would
result in a reduction of the total value of the pool of assets.

42 During the hearing, the Husband stated that he could have paid off the debt
during the marriage but he did not, as he held that off for the benefit of the
family. Due to the non-payment of the debt, he was able to purchase the house.
While the Husband may have made the decision not to pay off his debts for the
benefit of the marriage, I accepted the Wife’s arguments that the Husband had
taken into account speculative debts. As such, only the debt of $77,404 was
deducted against the Husband’s direct contributions.

(E) Loans owed to the Husband’s Father (Joint Summary S/N 52A)

43 The Husband submitted that he had taken a loan of USD34,062 from his father
in order to pay for C’s school fees, as the Wife had taken out FC/SUM
2388/2021 to compel the Husband to pay for C’s school fees even though he had
been a full-time stay-at-home father since 2019. The loans were taken over
five occasions. He further highlighted that this loan was on record in the
Consent Order that the parties had signed at the MDT mediation on 8 October
2021. The Wife submitted that there was no evidence that the Husband had taken
a loan from his father.

44 I observed that the loan was stated on the record in the Consent Order that
the parties had signed. However, it also stated that “for the avoidance of
doubt, this does not make the [Wife] liable to the [Husband]’s father in
respect of any monies borrowed by the [Husband].” The Husband’s evidence
documenting the loan amounts further seemed to be self-reported and tabulated
on a word document. The Husband did not submit any bank statements or written
agreements. I further noted that the Husband’s father also did not submit an
affidavit verifying that he had loaned the Husband’s these amounts, which was
a common enough practice. The statements referring to the loan occurred in the
context of mediation where both parties were in negotiations and were
attempting to reach a resolution, and should not go so far as constituting
admissions of facts that there were such loans. The purported loan amounts
were thus not taken into account in the division exercise.

(F) The Matrimonial Home (Joint Summary S/N 53)

45 The parties purchased the Matrimonial Home in July 2016. Since then, the
parties and C lived in the property until the Husband moved out in January
2023. Both parties viewed this as the Matrimonial Home.

46 The Husband appointed a licensed appraiser and Associate Director
(Valuation & Advisory) at Cushman & Wakefield, who inspected the property on
25 April 2022 and opined that the market value of the Matrimonial Home was
$3.95 million. The Husband’s valuer valued the property using the Comparison
Method, by considering sales of similar properties in the same development or
in the vicinity. The Wife engaged one Mr [N] to carry out a valuation of the
Matrimonial Home on 22 April 2022, and he estimated that the market value was
$3.6 million. The Wife’s valuer valued the property using the Direct
Comparison Method, on an as-is basis, with vacant possession and free from all
encumbrances. The Husband subsequently also received a valuation report from
Knight Frank on 29 April 2022, which, similar to the valuation done by Cushman
& Wakefield, valued the Matrimonial Home at $3.95 million.

47 Given that there were two independent valuation reports with the same
valuation of $3.95 million, I accepted the Husband’s valuation of $3.95
million for the Matrimonial Home.

(G) Wife’s [Company A] Stock Options (Joint Summary S/N 60)

48 The Wife submitted that her [Company A] stock options were valued at
$213,876 as of 11 January 2021. She further submitted that although she had
been allocated stocks which had not yet vested, there was no certainty that
the stocks will eventually be vested in her and the making of the supposition
at this juncture would be premature.

49 The Husband submitted that the Wife had undervalued her [Company A] stock
options. He submitted that a pro-rated portion of the Wife’s instruments which
have been allocated but had not been vested should be included in the pool of
matrimonial assets. The Husband submitted that a more accurate representation
of her stock options was as follows:

S/No| Description| Value as at 11 January 2021  
---|---|---  
A.| Allocated stock options| $319,908  
B.| Vested stock options| $213,876  
  
50 At the time of the AM hearing, the Wife had been allocated four types of
instruments from [Company A] which had not been vested. They were as follows:

(a) 72.56810 Restricted Share Units (“RSUs”) under the Global Share
Participation Plan (“GSPP”), valued at $9,145.

(b) 206 Performance Share Units (“PSUs”) under the Leadership Performance Plan
(“LPP”) valued at $25,960.

(c) 45 RSUs under the LPP, valued at $5,671.

(d) $65,255 in cash under the Value Alignment incentive (“VAI”).

51 The RSUs under the GSPP were vested based on a share-matching mechanism at
the end of each three-year plan cycle. On the other hand, the vesting of the
instruments under the LPP and VAI were conditional on, amongst others,
[Company A]’s financial performance during three-year plan cycles. The Husband
submitted that a broad-brush approach should be applied to the present case. A
proportion based on time should be used in order to estimate the portion of
the Wife’s unvested instruments to be included in the pool of matrimonial
assets.

52 The Wife submitted that in Chan Teck Hock David v Leong Mei Chuan [2002] 1
SLR(R) 76 (“David Chan”), although the court took the unvested stock options
into consideration, this was only granted on an “if as and when” order (at
[39]). This was to account for the possibility that the options might not be
exercised or might not vest.

53 In David Chan, the court dealt with 3 categories of stock options: (1)
those vested in and exercised by the party by the date of the decree nisi with
profits made ("first category stock options"); (2) those vested in the party
but not yet exercised on the date of the decree nisi ("second category stock
options"); and (3) those not vested in the party on the date of the decree
nisi ("third category stock options").

54 I noted that the disputed stock options were stock options which were not
yet vested in the Wife on the date of the IJ. In respect of agreements that
give an employee the right to subscribe to shares, subject to continued
service with the company for a specified future period, the Court of Appeal in
David Chan said that such stock options are a “chose in action” and are
considered matrimonial assets (David Chan at [29]). For stock options that are
not yet vested in the employee at the date of the IJ, the Court of Appeal said
that the “time rule” may be applied to determine what portion of the stock
options was earned before the IJ date, ie the portion that should be
attributed as reflecting the gains of the marriage (David Chan at [37]):

… The effect of the rule is to treat only that portion of the stock options as
matrimonial assets as is obtained by multiplying the stock options in question
by the fraction obtained between the period in months between the commencement
of the husband’s employment with Dell and the date of the decree nisi as the
numerator and the period in months between his commencement of employment with
Dell and the date when the stock option was exercisable by him as the
denominator. Only that portion of the third category stock options as so
computed would be reckoned as matrimonial assets.

55 As the different instruments from [Company A] would vest in the Wife in
different circumstances, I analysed them separately.

56 I noted that the RSUs under the GSPP were subject to forfeiture in case of
termination of employment before the end of the plan cycle. While some shares
had already been vested as of the date of the AM hearing, there were others
which were to be vested at a future date. I also noted that the Wife might not
exercise her options for the LPP PSUs and RSUs as well as the cash under the
VAI. As such, I agreed with the Wife that an “if as and when” order was the
appropriate approach for her [Company A] stock options that have yet to be
vested – in accordance with s 112(5)(e) of the Women’s Charter, the division
of these assets are to be postponed until the stock options are exercised and
the profits made. This approach, as pointed out by the Wife, was also adopted
in David Chan.

(I) RSUs under the GSPP

57 Under the GSPP, the Wife had the opportunity to buy [Company A] shares and
at the end of the three-year plan cycle, receive a 30% match on the number of
shares [Company A] owns, provided that she was still employed by [Company A].
As such, the stock option might or might not be granted, depending on whether
the Wife was still employed by [Company A]. The Husband proposed that, on a
broad-brush approach, half of the value of the RSUs should be included in the
pool of matrimonial assets to be divided.

58 I noted that two RSUs were allocated on 9 December 2020, after the date of
IJ. The rest of the RSUs were allocated periodically from 9 July 2018 to 11
November 2020 and vest at different dates, either on 7 June 2021 or 7 June
2023. The remaining value of the RSUs, excluding those allocated after the
date of IJ, under the GSPP is thus $8,649. Given that there were two three-
year plan cycles that had been taken into account, I would consider the RSUs
vesting in 2021 and those vesting in 2023 separately.

59 For the RSUs that vested on 7 June 2021, I noted that these were awarded
for services rendered from July 2018 to 7 June 2021. As such, these would
include the Wife’s services rendered prior to the date of IJ. The total value
of RSUs that vest on 7 June 2021 is $7,215. Applying the “time rule”, my
calculation was thus as follows:

Commencement of three-year period | July 2018   
---|---  
Date of IJ| 30 November 2020  
Duration from commencement of three-year period to date of IJ| 28 months  
Vesting date of shares| 7 June 2021  
Duration from commencement of employment to vesting date| 35 months  
Value of shares| 28/35 x $7,215 = $5,772  
  
Since these shares had already been vested on 7 June 2021, I included the
relevant proportion, being $5,772, in the pool.

60 For the RSUs that vest in June 2023, these were awarded for services
rendered from 9 July 2020 to 7 June 2023. The total value of RSUs that vest on
7 June 2023 is $1,433. Applying the “time rule”, my calculation was thus as
follows:

Commencement of three-year period | July 2020   
---|---  
Date of IJ| 30 November 2020  
Duration from commencement of three-year period to date of IJ| 4 months  
Vesting date of shares| 7 June 2023  
Duration from commencement of employment to vesting date| 35 months  
Value of shares| 4/35 x $1,433 = $163  
  
61 The relevant proportion of the value of RSUs that vest on 7 June 2023 is to
be added in the pool of matrimonial assets on an “if as and when” basis, to
take into account that the option might not be exercised by the Wife.

(II) PSUs and RSUs under the LPP

62 The purpose of the LPP was to provide an incentive for [Company A]’s senior
management to create sustainable company performance over the long term. The
vesting and performance measurement period was that of three years. The total
estimated value of the PSUs and RSUs that had been vested in the Wife was
$31,631.

63 I used the Husband’s application of the “time rule” approach in calculating
the amount to be included in the matrimonial pool.

| 108 RSUs| 209 RSUs  
---|---|---  
Allocation of shares | 1 April 2020 | 1 April 2019  
Date of IJ| 30 November 2020  
Duration from allocation of shares to date of IJ| 8 months | 20 months  
Vesting date of shares| 31 March 2023 | 31 March 2022  
Duration from commencement of employment to vesting date| 36 months | 36 months   
Value of shares| 8/36 x $13,610 = $3,024| 20/36 x $18,021 = $10,011  
  
64 Since the 209 RSUs had already been vested on 31 March 2022, I added the
relevant proportion of the value of these shares, being $10,011, into the
pool. For the relevant proportion of the 108 RSUs which are to be vested on 31
March 2023, this is to be added on an “if as and when” basis.

(III) Cash under the VAI

65 The purpose of the VAI was to defer a portion of the API and introduce a
time component to performance-based, variable compensation. At the end of the
deferral period, the VAI would be settled in cash.

66 I agreed with the Husband’s application of the “time rule” approach in
calculating the amount to be included in the matrimonial pool.

| $28,792| $20,552| $15,911  
---|---|---|---  
Allocation of shares | 1 April 2020 | 1 April 2019| 1 April 2018  
Date of IJ| 30 November 2020  
Duration from allocation of shares to date of IJ| 8 months | 20 months| 32 months   
Vesting date of shares| 31 March 2023 | 31 March 2022| 31 March 2021  
Duration from commencement of employment to vesting date| 36 months | 36 months | 36 months  
Value of shares| 8/36 x $28,792 = $6,398| 20/36 x $20,522 = $11,401| 32/36 x
$15,911 = $14,143  
  
Since some shares had already been vested on 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022,
I added the relevant proportion of the value of these shares, being $25,544,
into the pool. For the shares to be vested on 31 March 2023, this was to be
added on an “if as and when” basis.

67 I included in the pool of matrimonial assets the relevant proportion of the
value of the shares that have been vested. The total value of the shares to be
added into the matrimonial pool was thus $41,327.

(H) [Company C] Shares (Joint Summary S/N 65)

68 The Wife submitted that the [Company C] Shares were acquired before the
marriage and therefore should not be included in the matrimonial pool. The
Husband submitted that the shares as of 9 April 2021 were valued at $20,133
and should be in the matrimonial pool.

69 The Wife adduced two documents: a share certificate showing that 164
[Company C] Group Holdings Limited (“GHL”) shares were allocated to her on 10
July 2007, and her dividend payment notification dated 31 December 2020 from
her 61 units of ordinary shares in [Company D]. The Wife explained that the
discrepancy in the Company’s name arose as GHL changed its name to [Company C]
Holdings Public Limited Company (“HPLC”) subsequently merged with [Company E]
to form [Company D]. The GHL shares were substituted (one-to-one) with HPLC
shares, and when the merger occurred, every 2.6490 HPLC shares were
consolidated into 1 [Company D] share. As such, the Wife’s 164 HPLC ordinary
shares were consolidated into 61 [Company D] ordinary shares.

70 Having considered the Wife’s explanations for the discrepancy in the unit
of shares as reflected in the share certificate and the dividend payment
notification, I was satisfied that the [Company C] Shares were acquired before
the marriage. Accordingly, the [Company C] Shares were not included in the
matrimonial pool.

(I) [Company C] Pension Scheme (Joint Summary S/N 67)

71 The Wife submitted that only a pro-rated amount of her [Company C] Pension
Scheme should be included in the pool for division. She submitted that she was
employed by [Company C] from 2001 to 2015. From August 2005 to September 2012,
she was employed by [Company C] in the UK. From 2001 to 14 August 2005 and
from 24 September 2012 to 2015, she was employed by [Company C] in Singapore.
The [Company C] Pension Scheme was only operative when the Wife was employed
by [Company C] in the UK. Of the period of 84 months that she was employed in
the UK, she was married for 19 months. The Wife thus submitted that the
computation of the Pension Scheme should be $133,321. She further submitted
that the spouse is only a beneficiary of the scheme upon the Wife’s death and
there was no current benefit.

72 The Husband submitted that the [Company C] Pension Scheme was a cornerstone
of his financial planning for the family due to the security that it provided,
and thus he did not make any effort to secure any other retirement vehicle to
substitute it. He submitted that the documents clearly indicates that he is a
beneficiary of the scheme on her death and up until their death. As such, the
unique benefits of a pension that provided security as a constant source of
income until death were attributable to both the Wife and Husband. He thus
submitted that the total amount of the Pension Scheme should be in the pool of
assets for division.

73 In my view, the [Company C] Pension was a matrimonial asset,
notwithstanding that the amount accrued had not yet been paid to the Wife. The
Wife’s entitlement to the [Company C] Pension was in itself a chose in action,
which fell within the definition of “matrimonial assets” under s 112(10) of
the Women’s Charter.

74 However, I noted that the [Company C] Pension provides that:

E. Death during deferment

If you die before retirement your spouse would receive a pension of 50% of
your deferred pension.

…

F. Death in retirement

If you die after retirement your spouse would receive a pension of 50% of your
scale pension before the cash option. The pension would be scaled down if your
spouse is more than 15 years younger than you.

75 It thus seemed that the Husband’s ability to benefit from the [Company C]
Pension Scheme is contingent on the death of the Wife.

76 As such, I agreed with the Wife that a pro-rated amount of the [Company C]
Pension Scheme should be in the pool. I noted the Husband’s arguments that the
value of the scheme is impacted by the personal details of the beneficiaries
of the scheme and even specifies that a spouse/partner must sign to waive
their rights as a beneficiary in order to transfer the scheme. However, the
rights as a beneficiary that the Husband has only accrue on the death of the
Wife, and therefore I thought that only the pension that was earned during the
marriage should be in the pool.

77 Further, I noted the Husband’s submissions that the pay-outs from the
[Company C] Pension Scheme was non-linear and therefore it would not be fair
to simply pro-rate 19 months of 84 months of the [Company C] Pension Scheme.
However, the exact multiplier to be used was unclear, as the forecast of the
final amount of the Pension was “not a guarantee” and “[did] not include any
increase due to inflation”. It followed that the total amount of accrued
pension to be added to the pool of matrimonial assets cannot be precisely
ascertained. I was thus constrained to pro-rating 19 months of 84 months of
the [Company C] Pension Scheme, which was $133,321.

(J) Wife’s Insurance Policies (Joint Summary S/N 71)

78 The Husband submitted that the Wife took up four insurance policies when
parties’ relationship had broken down, right before the divorce proceedings
were commenced. The Husband submitted that even though the policies have zero
surrender value, they may still be sold on a secondary market for value. The
Wife had expended matrimonial funds on these policies without the Husband’s
consent, and the total premiums paid for the policies from the time of
inception to the time of interim judgment should be added back into the pool
of matrimonial assets.

S/No| Policy description| Policy Inception Date| Monthly premium| Cash /
surrender value  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Aviva MyProtector Legacy Policy No. Ending 0811 (“Aviva 0811”)| 10 July
2019| 2,411| No surrender value for the first 2 years  
2| Aviva MyCare Plus Policy No. Ending 4962 (“Aviva 4962”)| 25 July 2019|
1,144| No surrender value  
3| Aviva MyWealthPlan Policy No. Ending 1317 (“Aviva 1317”)| 10 August 2019|
2,071| 6,946  
4| NTUC Income Policy No. Ending 4200 (“NTUC 4200”)| 12 July 2020| 2,576| No
surrender value for first year  
  
79 The Wife submitted that the cash value of the Aviva 1317 policy, amounting
to $6,946, should be included in the pool of matrimonial assets, but she did
not include the rest of the policies as there were no surrender values at the
time of the IJ. The Wife’s counsel at the hearing also explained that these
insurance policies were taken out for C’s benefit.

80 The Court of Appeal in UZN v UZM [2021] 1 SLR 426 (“UZN v UZM”) at [68]
explained that where “there are indeed sums expended or given away especially
nearer to the time when divorce is imminent … it may be possible to view such
acts as wrongful dissipation carried out with the intention of depleting the
matrimonial pool”. However, whether there is such wrongful dissipation of
assets depends on the evidence and facts of the particular case. In the case
of TNL v TNK and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 609 (“TNL v TNK”), what
constitutes a substantial sum is a question of fact, but it is not intended to
include daily, run-of-the-mill expenses (at [24]).

81 I noted that the divorce was imminent when the Wife took up the various
insurance policies that she had. The parties had started sleeping in separate
rooms after coming back from their UK trip in end 2018, and the writ for
divorce was filed on 20 February 2020. I further noted that the spending on
the insurance policies is substantial, and these were not “run-of-the-mill
expenses” as stated by the dicta in TNL v TNK. Although there were no
surrender values for the Aviva 0811, Aviva 4962 and NTUC 4200 policies, the
Wife had spent a hefty amount on the monthly premiums for these policies. In
my view, the amount spent on the monthly premiums up to the date of the IJ
should be added back into the pool. This amounted to $83,685.

(K) Wife’s Credit Card Liabilities (Joint Summary S/N 74, 75 and 76)

82 The Wife urged the court to deduct liabilities that she had incurred on her
credit card from the pool of matrimonial assets. These included credit card
debts for her AMEX Credit Card amounting to $15,214, her OCBC Credit Card
amounting to $4,404 and her UOB Credit Card amounting to $2,061. The Wife
submitted that the outstanding liabilities on the Wife’s credit cards were
ordinarily incurred expenses which benefit the family as per s 112(2)(b) of
the Women’s Charter. Furthermore, in comparison to the other months, the
amounts appearing on the statements were not out of the ordinary. The Wife’s
counsel stated at the hearing that the credit card liabilities have yet to be
paid.

83 The Husband submitted that these liabilities should not be taken into
account in determining the pool of matrimonial assets as she incurred these
liabilities after the commencement of divorce proceedings, and the liabilities
were not incurred for the benefit of the marriage.

84 I noted that the Wife’s OCBC Credit Card debt was due on 24 February 2021,
and her UOB Credit Card debt was due on 8 March 2021. These were recent debts
that were incurred after the date of IJ and I excluded them accordingly. The
Wife’s AMEX Credit Card debt was due on 11 February 2020. However, as this was
some months before the date of IJ, the debt has likely already been paid up. I
thus also excluded this debt from the pool.

(L) Wife’s Luxury Goods (Joint Summary S/N 77)

85 The Husband submitted that the Wife’s luxury goods, valued at approximately
$119,000, should be included in the pool of matrimonial assets. The Husband
further submitted that the luxury goods were interspousal gifts which were not
de minimis and therefore should be included into the pool of assets. The Wife
submitted that the luxury goods were not valued at $119,000 and in any event,
this would be contrary to the Husband’s broad-brush approach. She also
submitted that the engagement ring ($30,000) and the Bottega bag ($8,000) were
gifted by the Husband to the Wife before the marriage and were to be excluded.

86 The Husband submitted that the luxury goods were valued in the UK for
insurance purposes, however there was a lack of evidence of this valuation.

87 In my view, the engagement ring and the Bottega bag gifted 15 years ago
were pre-marital assets and therefore should be excluded from the pool for
division. The Christian Louboutin work heels that were purchased at $3,000 had
also become worn out, and therefore should be excluded from the pool for
division. The remaining luxury goods valued at $78,000 were put into the pool
for division.

The total pool of matrimonial assets and liabilities

88 The net value of the pool of MAs liable for division was $4,648,511, as set
out in the table below.

S/N| Manner of Holding | Asset | Net Value  
---|---|---|---  
1\. | Wife’s Name | Matrimonial Home| 3,950,000  
2\. | DBS Savings Account No. Ending 024 | 115,496  
3\. | DBS eMulti-Currency Account No. Ending 484 | 9,507  
4\. | DBS Multiplier Account No. Ending 523 | 2,804  
5\. | DBS SRS Account No. Ending 223 | 4,833  
6\. | POSB Account No. Ending 225 (Joint Account with C) | 21,432  
7\. | [Company A] (Stock Options)| 41,327  
8\. | ABERDEEN STANDARD INVESTMENTS: Aberdeen Standard Thailand Equity Fund SGD | 4,120  
9\. | FIRST STATE INVESTMENT: First State Dividend Advantage Class A | 14,709  
10\. | FIRST STATE INVESTMENT: First State Regional India Fund | 4,233  
11\. | DBS: AB FCP Global High Yield | 5,467  
12\. | Fidelity Investment ISA Account Ending 271 | 59,090  
13\. | [Company C] Pension Scheme | 133,321  
14\. | CPF Ordinary| 266,360  
15\. | CPF Medisave| 61,102  
16\. | CPF Special | 185,062  
17\. | AVIVA MyWealthPlan Policy No. Ending 1317| 83,685  
18\. | PRUCASH policy No. Ending 526| 21,000  
19\. | PRULIFE policy No. Ending 159| 51,000  
20\. | Wife’s Luxury Goods | 78,000  
21\. | Outstanding Mortgage on Matrimonial Home| -1,989,195  
1\. | Husband’s Name | UK Apartment| 784,518  
2\. | DBS Savings Account No. Ending 279| 10,001  
3\. | DBS SRS Account No. Ending 223| 21,602  
4\. | HSBC Current Account No. Ending 496| 6,573  
5\. | Standard Chartered 774 Account| 6,037  
6\. | Standard Chartered USD High Account No. Ending 535 | 1,980  
7\. | Standard Chartered FCY$AVER Account No. Ending 721 | 1,689   
8\. | Standard Chartered FCY$AVER Account No. Ending 378 | 1,870  
9\. | Standard Chartered BONUS$AVER Account No. Ending 838 | 908  
10\. | Standard Chartered Cheque and Save Account No. Ending 430 | 13,328  
11\. | NatWest Account No. Ending 081 | 146,672  
12\. | NatWest Account No. Ending 113 | 16  
13\. | NatWest Account No. Ending 638 | 5  
14\. | NatWest Account No. Ending 566 (Joint Account with C) | 329  
15\. | HSBC UK Account No. Ending 561 (Joint Account with C) | 90  
16\. | Clydesdale bank Account No. Ending 090| 333  
17\. | Standard Chartered Investment Fund / Portfolio Account No. Ending 101: FSSA Dividend Advantage Fund | 60,194  
18\. | Standard Chartered Investment Fund / Portfolio Account No. Ending 101: LIONGLOBAL VIETNAM FUND | 18,145  
19\. | Standard Chartered Investment Fund / Portfolio Account No. Ending 101: SCHRODER ISF ASIAN DIVIDEND MAXIMISER A| 59,663  
20\. | DBS SRS Investment Account No. Ending 223: FID GLB DIV FUND A-MINCOME SGD | 5,974  
21\. | DBS SRS Investment Account No. Ending 223: FSSA DIV ADVANTAGE A(QDIST) | 16,197  
22\. | Singapore Savings Bonds | 41,500  
23\. | Halifax Instant ISA Saver Account No. Ending 066| 181  
24\. | Halifax Junior Cash ISA Account No. Ending 969| 6,479  
25\. | CPF Ordinary| 70,781  
26\. | CPF Special| 178,641  
27\. | CPF Medisave| 59,552  
28\. | Volkswagen Golf A7| 125,300  
29\. | Wines stored with Uncorked Ltd| 7,588  
30\. | Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs| -77,404  
31\. | Money due to Husband’s mother| -43,584  
| 4,648,511  
  
Proportions of division

89 In ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ v ANK”), the Court of Appeal set out a
structured approach for the division of MAs. The structured approach is
applicable to this dual-income marriage.

Direct Contribution Ratio

(1) Agreed Direct Contributions

90 The Husband and Wife agreed that the assets in each of their sole names
should be taken as that party’s direct contributions, except for the
Matrimonial Home, POSB Account No. Ending 225 and the Wife’s luxury goods.
During the hearing, the parties agreed that the Husband’s direct contributions
to the Volkswagen Golf A7 is $125,300.

91 I summarised the agreed direct contributions as follows:

S/N| Asset| Husband’s contribution ($)| Wife’s contribution ($)  
---|---|---|---  
1.| DBS Savings Account No. Ending 024 | 0| 115,496  
2.| DBS eMulti-Currency Account No. Ending 484 | 0| 9,507  
3.| DBS Multiplier Account No. Ending 523 | 0| 2,804  
4.| DBS SRS Account No. Ending 223 | 0| 4,833  
5.| [Company A] (Stock Options)| 0| 41,327  
6.| ABERDEEN STANDARD INVESTMENTS: Aberdeen Standard Thailand Equity Fund SGD | 0| 4,120  
7.| FIRST STATE INVESTMENT: First State Dividend Advantage Class A | 0| 14,709  
8.| FIRST STATE INVESTMENT: First State Regional India Fund | 0| 4,233  
9.| DBS: AB FCP Global High Yield | 0| 5,467  
10.| Fidelity Investment ISA Account Ending 271 | 59,090| 0  
11.| CPF Ordinary| 0| 266,360  
12.| CPF Medisave| 0| 61,102  
13.| CPF Special | 0| 185,062  
14.| PRUCASH policy No. Ending 526| 0| 21,000  
15.| PRULIFE policy No. Ending 159| 0| 51,000  
16.| DBS Savings Account No. Ending 279| 10,001| 0  
17.| DBS SRS Account No. Ending 223 | 21,602| 0  
18.| HSBC Current Account| 6,573| 0  
19.| Standard Chartered 774 Account| 6,037| 0  
20.| Standard Chartered USD High Account No. Ending 535| 1,980| 0  
21.| Standard Chartered FCY$AVER Account No. Ending 721 | 1,689| 0  
22.| Standard Chartered FCY$AVER Account No. Ending 378 | 1,870| 0  
23.| Standard Chartered BONUS$AVER Account No. Ending 838 | 908| 0  
24.| Standard Chartered Cheque and Save Account No. Ending 430 | 13,328| 0  
25.| NatWest Account No. Ending 081 | 146,672| 0  
26.| NatWest Account No. Ending 113 | 16| 0  
27.| NatWest Account No. Ending 638 | 5| 0  
28.| NatWest Account No. Ending 566 (Joint Account with C) | 329| 0  
29.| HSBC UK Account No. Ending 561 (Joint Account with C) | 90| 0  
30.| Clydesdale bank Account No. Ending 090| 333| 0  
31.| Standard Chartered Investment Fund / Portfolio Account No. Ending 101: FSSA Dividend Advantage Fund | 60,194| 0  
32.| Standard Chartered Investment Fund / Portfolio Account No. Ending 101: LIONGLOBAL VIETNAM FUND | 18,145| 0  
33.| Standard Chartered Investment Fund / Portfolio Account No. Ending 101:
SCHRODER ISF ASIAN DIVIDEND MAXIMISER A| 59,663| 0  
34.| DBS SRS Investment Account No. Ending 223: FID GLB DIV FUND A-MINCOME SGD | 5,974| 0  
35.| DBS SRS Investment Account No. Ending 223: FSSA DIV ADVANTAGE A(QDIST) | 16,197| 0  
36.| Singapore Savings Bonds | 41,500| 0  
37.| Halifax Instant ISA Saver Account No. Ending 066| 181| 0  
38.| Halifax Junior Cash ISA Account No. Ending 969| 6,479| 0  
39.| CPF Ordinary| 70,781| 0  
40.| CPF Special| 178,641| 0  
41.| CPF Medisave| 59,552| 0  
42.| Volkswagen Golf A7| 125,300| 0  
43.| Wines stored with Uncorked Ltd| 7,588| 0  
44.| Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs| -77,404| 0  
45.| Money due to Husband’s mother| -43,584| 0  
Sub-total of agreed direct contributions | 799,730| 787,020  
  
(2) Disputed Direct Contributions

92 Based on my findings on the division above, the parties disputed their
direct contributions to the Matrimonial Home and POSB Account No. Ending 225
(Joint Account with C), which were both in the Wife’s sole name.

(A) The Matrimonial Home

93 The Husband submitted that in the Wife’s tabulation of the parties’ direct
financial contributions, the Wife did not include the Husband’s contributions
to the renovation and furniture. The Husband submitted that a more accurate
depiction of the parties’ direct financial contributions was as follows:

S/N| Description| Husband’s contribution ($)| Wife’s contribution ($)  
---|---|---|---  
1.| CPF| 0| 108,000  
2.| Cash (option fee)| 29,000| 0  
3.| Cash (down payment)| 116,000| 436,414.68  
4.| Cash (stamp duty)| 81,600| 0  
5.| Cash (conveyancing fees)| 3,500| 0  
6.| Cash (mortgage payments)| 0| 370,596.60  
7.| Renovation| 14,295| 0  
8.| Husband’s further contributions to renovations| 150,000| 0  
9.| Husband’s transfers to the Wife to pay for the mortgage instalments|
35,000| 0  
| Total| 429,395| 915,011  
  
94 On 20 June 2022, I directed the Husband to provide more information
regarding his further contributions of $150,000 for renovations and payments
of $35,000 to the Wife for the mortgage instalments. The Husband then made
submissions on payments that he made towards the following items: (a) pre-
purchase data on house prices; (b) e-Scooter purchased for commute; (c) option
to purchase, deposit, stamp duty, conveyancing fees; (d) transfers to the
Wife; (e) Haiku ceiling fans; (f) heat pump water heater; (g) air
conditioning; (h) outdoor BBQ; (i) external storage space; (j) lighting; (k)
electrician; (l) mattress from the UK; (m) building work and painting; (n)
pest control; (o) other large purchases; (p) smaller online purchases; and (q)
household upgrades in 2019 and 2020. The Wife raised objections to most of the
items. The Wife further submitted that she was the one who had paid for the
lighting, not the Husband, and in addition, she paid for curtains, furniture
and cost of movers.

95 As emphasised by the Court of Appeal in UYQ v UYP [2020] 1 SLR 551 (“UYQ v
UYP”) at [2], it is an impossible exercise to attempt to take into account
every detailed record of transactions or acts during the marriage. I noted
that, as the Husband submitted, at the time when the purchases were made, the
Husband treated the family’s finances as fully fungible as there was no
anticipated reason for him to track his spending. Attempting to dredge up
every record is futile because human memory is fallible, and also constitutes
an exercise in obfuscation when viewed against the tendency for parties to try
to locate every detail in their favour in the aftermath of a broken marriage.
A mechanistic, overly-arithmetical application of the structured approach in
ANJ v ANK must therefore be assiduously avoided (UYQ v UYP at [2]–[3]). The
focus ought to be on the major details as opposed to every conceivable detail
(UYQ v UYP at [4]).

96 Applying the broad-brush approach, I found that it was not appropriate to
consider every single item that parties can recall they had purchased for the
house. After all, there would have been many such items purchased but not
tracked or in one’s memory and therefore not before the court. Furthermore, in
the course of upkeeping a family home, it is expected that both working
parties will participate in covering expenses for various items. I adopted a
broad-brush approach and excluded the contributions made to the pre-purchase
data on house prices, the e-Scooter, outdoor BBQ, external storage space, pest
control, smaller online purchases such as the purchases of the toaster,
kettle, security camera, pressure washer, chairs, bean bags and dehumidifier.
I also did not include the ceiling fans, water heater, air conditioning,
mattress, curtains and costs of movers. I also agreed with the Wife that the
further household upgrades were made after the breakdown of the marriage and
did not include this in considering direct contributions. These contributions
towards building up a comfortable home to live in could be considered when
assigning the parties’ indirect contributions.

97 In respect of direct contributions, I took into account the major items,
such as the contributions towards the renovation and the large purchases made
to make the home liveable. For the other large purchases, I noted that the
Wife did not dispute most of the items. I therefore included them, with the
exception of the fish tank, Harvey Norman purchases and wine fridge.

98 Similarly, for items towards which both parties had contributed, it would
not accord with the broad-brush approach to mechanistically determine a fine-
tooth combed ratio for the parties’ contributions to each item. Having
reviewed the evidence and submissions, I accepted that both parties made
contributions towards the lighting, electrician and building work and
painting. I also noted that in respect of transfers made to the Wife, the Wife
accepted that $41,000 was transferred to her, but this was because she had
made substantial withdrawals to purchase the Matrimonial Home. I therefore
excluded these items in determining the ratio of direct contributions towards
the Matrimonial Home.

99 In summary, I found the parties’ contributions in respect of the
Matrimonial Home to be as follows:

S/N| Description| Husband’s contribution ($)| Wife’s contribution ($)  
---|---|---|---  
1.| CPF| 0| 108,000  
2.| Purchase (option to purchase, deposit, stamp duty, conveyancing fees,
mortgage payments)| 230,100| 807,011  
3.| Renovation| 14,295| 0  
4.| Other large purchases| 13,881| 4,705  
| Total| 258,276|  919,716  
Proportion of net value ($1,960,805)| 429,908| 1,530,896  
  
(B) POSB Account No. ENDING 225 (Joint Account with C)

100 The Wife submitted that the direct financial contributions of the monies
in her POSB Account No. Ending 225 (“Wife’s joint account with C”) amounting
to $21,432 should be attributed to her. However, the Husband submitted that
the Wife had not adduced evidence to prove that she had contributed monies
into this account. Instead, he submitted that all the monies in this account
were mostly C’s “red packet” money. The Husband instead submitted that the
direct financial contribution to the monies in this account should be
attributed equally to the parties.

101 In my view, given the state of the evidence, it was fair that the monies
in this account be attributed equally between the parties for the purpose of
attributing direct contributions.

(3) Conclusion on the Direct Contribution Ratio

102 In conclusion, I found that the direct contribution ratio of the parties
is as follows:

| Husband ($)| Wife ($)  
---|---|---  
Sub-total of agreed direct contributions| 799,730| 787,020  
Matrimonial Home| 429,908| 1,530,896  
Wife’s joint account with C | 10,716| 10,716  
UK Apartment| 784,518| 0  
[Company C] Pension Scheme | 0| 133,321  
AVIVA MyWealthPlan | 0| 83,685  
Wife’s Luxury Goods | 32,000| 46,000  
Total| 2,056,872| 2,591,638  
Ratio| 44.25% ≈ 45%| 55.75%≈ 55%  
  
I noted that if and when the remaining [Company A] stock options that have yet
to vest do indeed vest in the future, then, it followed logically that the
direct contribution ratio could change. This would entail a direct
contribution ratio that could fluctuate as the shares vest in future. In my
view, a broad-brush approach in assigning direct contributions should be taken
especially as the asset pool includes some stock options that have not yet
been vested. The direct contribution ratio was reached in broad strokes and
should not change even when more shares vest in future. In view of the
foregoing, I found that the direct contribution ratio is 45:55, with the Wife
having contributed the larger share.

Indirect Contribution Ratio

103 The Wife’s position was that the indirect contribution ratio should be
70:30 in her favour. Her counsel submitted that the Wife has paid for the bulk
of C’s expenses and has made extremely significant indirect financial
contributions throughout the marriage. I summarised the Wife’s arguments as
follows:

(a) The Wife paid for C’s therapy, enrichment classes and school fees (except
for C’s school fees, which were mostly paid for by the Husband). In total, the
Wife submitted that she has paid $181,375.

(b) The Wife paid for most of the family’s groceries, whereas the Husband
currently pays for his own groceries only. Further, the Wife fully paid for
C’s supplements.

(c) The Wife paid for the utilities, property tax, upkeep and gardening
services of the Matrimonial Home. The Husband did not dispute that the
utilities and the property tax were paid solely by the Wife.

(d) The Wife paid for the rent of the home in which they stayed from 2014. The
rent was $5,600 a month.

(e) The Wife paid for the majority of the expenses relating to the family’s
helper. While the Husband has transferred $50 to the helper four times and
bought her a phone, the rest of the helper’s expenses were solely borne by the
Wife.

(f) The Wife made all payments for C’s medical expenses, unless the Husband
brought C for consultations or helped to collect his medicine. The Wife also
submitted that the Husband did not pay a single cent for C’s surgery in the UK
but instead profited off it.

104 In terms of the Wife’s indirect non-financial contributions, the Wife
submitted that she has been in charge of C’s day-to-day activities. She
scheduled his therapy session, took charge of his schedule during school
breaks and signed him up for camps. While the Husband contributed by assisting
with signing C up for camps (after the breakdown of the marriage), the Wife
did the bulk of the planning. In respect of the UK Apartment, the Wife did all
the cleaning, laundry, cooking and ironing. She was also the sole carer for C
when he was born and was on maternity leave for eight months. In respect of
the Matrimonial Home, the Wife submitted that she was the main caregiver to C.
She also managed and supervised the helper.

105 The Husband’s position was that the indirect contribution ratio should be
65:35 in his favour. His counsel submitted that his indirect non-financial
contributions included supporting the Wife while she was pregnant with C,
playing an active role in entertaining the Wife’s friends and family when they
visited the parties and checking on C frequently when he was at nursery, as he
started nursery in the same building where the Husband worked.

106 Furthermore, the Husband submitted that he had always been C’s primary
caregiver since C was an infant. The Husband planned C’s birthday parties and
was the primary caregiver whenever the Wife travelled for work. The Husband
was made redundant from work from November 2013 to September 2014 and took the
opportunity to play the role of a stay-at-home father. He also submitted that
he had taken the lead in relation to C’s medical condition and conducted
research relating to his medical condition, wrote directly to neurologists
around the world to seek their input and even made a solo trip to the UK in
2018 to meet a surgeon ahead of C’s surgery. Following this, he took the lead
in planning the trip to the UK in 2018 so that C could undergo brain surgery.
He then handled the follow-up with the doctors, the insurance claims and
liaised directly with C’s therapists. Since 2019, the Husband had been a stay-
at-home father and thus has continued to be C’s primary caregiver. From 2016
until the pandemic in 2020, the Wife had travelled more extensively for work.
The Husband thus brought C out for meals, activities and put C to bed when the
Wife is not around.

107 In my view, in respect of the parties’ indirect financial contributions,
after reviewing the affidavits and submissions, I found that both parties
worked together to pay for the family’s expenses. I thought that both parties
had contributed towards C’s school and therapy expenses, with the Husband
contributing more to the former and the Wife contributing more to the latter.
The Husband contributed more for C’s school fees, which the Wife estimated to
be about $150,000. The Wife contributed more to C’s therapy, which she
estimated to be about $181,375. I also noted that the Husband was made
redundant in 2019 and the Wife should accordingly be given credit for her
indirect financial contributions after this point.

108 As for indirect non-financial contributions, I thought both were similarly
almost equally involved in the raising of C. Even now, after the breakdown of
the marriage and when undergoing divorce and AM proceedings, they continued to
live under one roof caring for C. Both parties were also committed to ensuring
that C received the appropriate medical help for his condition, with the Wife
scheduling C’s therapy sessions and the Husband doing the research and taking
trips to the UK ahead of C’s brain surgery.

109 The Wife had focused on and paid substantially for the expenses on C’s
therapy, and also contributed significantly financially towards the family’s
expenses especially in the later part of the marriage; I noted that she had
contributed $48,000 towards C’s treatment in the UK, and when the Husband
received the insurance pay-out, he stated that he was made redundant and
needed the funds for family expenses. I thus assigned a higher ratio to the
Wife in indirect contributions. The indirect contribution ratio was 55:45 in
favour of the Wife.

Overall Ratio

110 Using a broad-brush approach, averaging the direct contribution ratio and
indirect contribution ratio above resulted in an average ratio of 45:55
between the Husband and Wife.

| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Direct contributions| 45| 55  
Indirect contributions| 45| 55  
Average Ratio| 45| 55  
  
111 The parties were directed to work out the consequential orders. If they
were able to come to an agreement on them, they may send a draft to the court
for approval, indicating their consent before extracting the said order. The
parties also were given the liberty to apply to court, should they be unable
to come to an agreement on the consequential orders.

Maintenance for wife

112 The parties have agreed that there will be no maintenance for the Wife.

Maintenance for child

113 The Husband estimated C’s monthly expenses to be approximately $12,729
while the Wife estimated C’s monthly expenses to be approximately $15,492. The
main difference was accounted for by the parties’ estimates of C’s therapy
costs.

Item| Wife’s estimate ($)| Husband’s estimate ($)  
---|---|---  
School fees| 3,830| 3,300  
School meals| 110| 110  
School bus| 100| 200  
School uniform| 0| 150  
School books and stationery| 0| 150  
Transport| 0| 50  
Medical| 0| 500  
Dental| 0| 20  
Haircut| 0| 30  
Dining out| 500| 1,000  
Outings and entertainment| 25| 500  
Clothes and shoes| 0| 300  
Insurance| 91| 379  
Literacy therapist | 2,432| 0  
Literacy therapist | 720| 0  
Swimming| 300| 0  
Occupational therapist | 2,000| 0  
Speech language therapy| 0| 160  
Judo| 0| 160  
C’s therapy sessions, extracurricular activities| 0| 800  
Programs arranged during school holidays| 200| 200  
Toys, clothes and books| 300| 500  
Supplements| 200| 0  
Birthdays| 100| 0  
Gifts (for birthday parties)| 45| 0  
Household| 4,539| 1,300  
Holiday and travel| 0| 1,500  
Rent and utilities| 0| 3,000  
Total| 15,492| 12,729  
  
114 The Husband submitted that the Wife is to pay the Husband $14,000 as
maintenance for C. He submitted that after the parties receive their share of
the sale proceeds from the Matrimonial Home, the Wife shall pay the Husband
$7,000 as maintenance for C. He further submitted that parties shall share all
mutually agreed therapy, tuition and enrichment classes equally. However, for
C’s therapy, tuition and enrichment classes that were not mutually agreed on,
the Wife shall be solely responsible those expenses. The Wife submitted that
the Husband should pay her $7,000 per month for the child’s expenses and one-
half of all of the child’s medical expenses.

115 The Wife submitted that the most significant discrepancy can be seen in
the Husband limiting C’s therapy to a mere $800, whereas the Wife has valued
this item at about $5,000. The Wife also submitted that the Husband has
inflated some of the amounts, such as C’s school uniform, school books and
stationery, dining out expenses and clothes/shoes.

116 In my view, there were several items which were listed in the Joint
Summary that were no longer applicable. Some therapists were no longer working
with C. More recently, the Wife sought to engage an occupational therapist and
a literacy tutor to work with C. The exact therapy that C would have was, at
the time of that the decision was delivered, not certain. Given my orders on
custody and bearing in mind the KKH Report’s recommendations regarding the
frequency of C’s therapy, I included the maintenance amount for therapy at
$2,500. I noted too that there are some “overlaps” in the items set out by the
parties.

117 I was of the view that the following fairly sets out C’s reasonable
monthly personal expenses (excluding accommodation and household expenses) at
$8,170:

Item| Amount ($)  
---|---  
School fees| 3,565  
School meals| 110  
School bus| 150  
School uniform| 20  
School books and stationery| 50  
Medical and Dental| 500  
Haircut| 30  
Toys, books, clothes and shoes| 300  
Insurance| 200  
Therapy| 2,500  
Swimming, judo, and such| 500  
Programmes arranged during school holidays| 100  
Supplements| 100  
Gifts (for birthday parties)| 45  
Total | 8,170  
  
118 The individual items of expenses set out above were used to gauge the
total reasonable monthly expenses. It would not be practically possible for
anyone to spend exactly the same amount per month, every single month. The
monthly sum of reasonable expenses reached was a fair way to provide a sort of
“budget” for the maintenance of the child, and parties ought to manage the
finances in a flexible and sensible way.

119 I ordered that both parties are to bear C’s expenses equally. As the
parties have shared care and control, in practical terms, if the practice is
that one party pays for any of the items of expense first, the other should
reimburse and bear half those costs, subject to the sum stated above for each
item/category. Each party is to bear the other living expenses not stated at
[117] above during their period of care with C, including meals at home and
dining out. Since a shared care and control arrangement had been ordered, each
party is to bear their respective costs for C’s accommodation and household
expenses when he is in his or her respective care. If either party wishes to
travel with C, that party is to bear the travel expenses solely.

One final point

120 I reiterated what I had said in UYQ v UYP [2020] 3 SLR 683 at [66] and
reminded both parties to approach these divorce proceedings as a re-
organisation of the family’s living and financial arrangements instead of a
forum to litigate over various matters. There is much more to the life ahead
than a forensic account of monetary matters in the marriage:

… I must stress that the division exercise in s 112 deals only with assets.
The Court of Appeal has explained that when a marriage breaks up, the spouses’
contributions, financial and non-financial, “are translated into economic
assets in the distribution according to s 112(2) of the Act” (see [44] above,
and NK v NL at [20]). Apart from such economic assets, there are immeasurable
“gains” in a marriage that the court cannot divide. These “gains” are not
insignificant, and include the relationship that parties had shared over the
years, the life they built together, and most significantly, their children.
The full experience of the responsibilities and joys of parenting, the
closeness and love shared between parent and child, even financial support
that adult children may subsequently give to the elderly parties later in
life, are some of life’s treasures this court cannot divide between spouses.
One must not lose sight of the family law principles at play in s 112. The
family justice system does not belittle the pain that often overshadows the
joy experienced in the days before the marriage was broken; but it does exhort
parties to reach deep to find a way forward.

  
Debbie Ong  
Judge of the Appellate Division

Alain Abraham Johns (Alain A Johns Partnership) for the plaintiff;  
the defendant in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Mar 2023 (18:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

