Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 22

Suit No 78 of 2022

Between

| Cheng Ao  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Yong Njo Siong  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

And

| Yong Njo Siong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

| Cheng Ao  
---|---  
  
… Defendant in Counterclaim

judgment

[Land — Interest in land — Tenancy in common]

[Trusts — Express trusts — Constitution]

[Trusts — Resulting trusts — Presumed resulting trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Cheng Ao

  
v

  

Yong Njo Siong

  

[2023] SGHC 22

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 78 of 2022  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
19–23 September, 2 November 2022

31 January 2023 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 The patriarch of a family expressed his wishes concerning the distribution
of funds from the sale of a business he had founded in China, including the
wish that a certain share was for his wife. In this case, the question arose
of whether the son used funds allocated by his father to his mother to
purchase a property for her while including himself on the register as her co-
owner at law but not in equity, or instead used his own funds to purchase that
property as his own investment, while giving her the comfort that she could
stay there as long as she wanted by adding her name as a tenant in common.
There was a further question of whether the mother could claim from him the
balance of her share from the father not used for the purchase of that
property.

Facts

The parties

2 The defendant, Mdm Yong Njo Siong (“Mdm Yong”), and her late husband, Mr
Tondo Satrio (“Satrio”), had three children. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Yong Njo Siong’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) dated 1 August 2022
(“Yong’s AEIC”) at paras 1, 3 (Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief
(“BAEIC”) at pp 34–35).

3 The plaintiff, Mr Cheng Ao (“Cheng”) is their second child. Cheng has an
older brother, Mr Chen Sie (“Chen”) and a younger sister, Ms Bai Yun (“Bai”).
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Cheng Ao’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) dated 21 July 2022
(“Cheng’s AEIC”) at para 4 (Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief
(“BAEIC”) at p 4); Yong’s AEIC at paras 1, 3 (BAEIC at pp 34–35); Chen Sie’s
AEIC dated 1 August 2022 (“Chen’s AEIC”) at paras 1, 3 (BAEIC at pp 45–46);
Bai Yun’s AEIC dated 21 July 2022 (“Bai’s AEIC”) at paras 1, 3 (BAEIC at pp
23–24).

4 Satrio passed away on 9 November 2021. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 43 (BAEIC at p 12); Yong’s AEIC at para 17 (BAEIC at p
41).

While he was alive, Satrio made all the decisions for and controlled the
finances of the family. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 6 (BAEIC at p 4); Yong’s AEIC at para 5 (BAEIC at p 35);
Bai’s AEIC at para 4 (BAEIC at p 24).

Mdm Yong is a housewife 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Yong’s AEIC at para 1 (BAEIC at p 34).

and neither understands nor speaks English. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

22/9/22 NE p 2, lines 6–10, p 4, lines 8–9, p 26, lines 1–15.

Satrio’s China businesses: Inhwa Tile Products Ltd and Inhwa Tile Products Ltd
(Qingdao)

5 Sometime before 1988, Satrio set up Inhwa Tile Products Ltd (“Inhwa Xiamen”)
in Xiamen, China. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Cheng’s AEIC at paras 5, 7 (BAEIC at pp 4–5).

Satrio was the sole legal representative and Managing Director of Inhwa
Xiamen. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 8 (BAEIC at p 5).

6 In or around April 1988, at Satrio’s request, Cheng joined Inhwa Xiamen and
worked as an assistant to the General Manager. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 8 (BAEIC at p 5).

Cheng was promoted to Deputy General Manager of Inhwa Xiamen in 1990 and held
that position until 2010. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 9 (BAEIC at p 5); Chen’s AEIC at para 5 (BAEIC at p 46).

Chen was appointed Deputy General Manager of Inhwa Xiamen in 2002 and still
holds this position. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Chen’s AEIC at para 5 (BAEIC at p 46); 23/9/22 NE p 3, lines 11–16.

7 In 1992, Satrio incorporated Inhwa Tile Products Ltd (Qingdao) (“Inhwa
Qingdao”). Inhwa Qingdao conducted business in Qingdao, China. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 10 (BAEIC at p 5); Chen’s AEIC at para 4 (BAEIC at p 46).

While Cheng initially claimed that Inhwa Qingdao was a subsidiary of Inhwa
Xiamen, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 10 (BAEIC at p 5).

his counsel clarified that the two entities were legally distinct. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

23/9/22 NE p 4, line 12 to p 6, line 23; Agreed Bundle of Documents (Volume 1)
(“1AB”) at p 240.

8 Satrio was similarly the sole legal representative and Managing Director of
Inhwa Qingdao. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 10 (BAEIC at p 5).

Cheng served as Deputy General Manager of Inhwa Qingdao from December 1992 to
sometime in 2010. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 10 (BAEIC at p 5); 19/9/22 NE p 10 line 2 to p 11 line 6.

9 Mdm Yong and Bai were not involved in the business of Inhwa Xiamen and Inhwa
Qingdao. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Yong’s AEIC at para 5 (BAEIC at p 35).

Sale of Inhwa Qingdao

10 In 2011, Inhwa Qingdao was sold to a private developer, Qingdao Zhongrunhai
Real Estate Development Co Ltd. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 58(a) (BAEIC at p 15); Chen’s AEIC at para 4 (BAEIC at p
46); 1AB at pp 240–247; Yong’s AEIC at para 4 (BAEIC at p 35).

11 Satrio was meant to receive RMB168m from the sale of Inhwa Qingdao. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 58(c) (BAEIC at p 15); Chen’s AEIC at para 16 (BAEIC at
pp 50–51).

Satrio expressed his intention to distribute the moneys in a handwritten note
dated 25 June 2011 (“25/6/11 Note”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

2AB at pp 470–471.

In particular, he allocated RMB50m to himself, RMB50m to Cheng and RMB13.1m to
each of Mdm Yong and Chen. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 58(c) (BAEIC at p 15); Chen’s AEIC at paras 10–11, pp
90–91 (BAEIC at p 49).

12 That said, to circumvent a potential delay in receiving the purchase moneys
for Inhwa Qingdao’s land, the sale price of Inhwa Qingdao was revised
downwards and Satrio only received RMB158m from the sale of Inhwa Qingdao. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 58(c) (BAEIC at p 15); Chen’s AEIC at para 16, p 92
(BAEIC at pp 50–51).

I shall refer to the sum of RMB158m as the “Moneys”.

13 Consequently, Satrio reduced the sums he intended to distribute to the
parties. Satrio and Cheng would each receive RMB45.35m while Mdm Yong and Chen
would each receive RMB12.75m. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 58(e) (BAEIC at p 16); Chen’s AEIC at para 16, p 92
(BAEIC at pp 50–51).

14 Cheng and Chen do not dispute that they received their shares of the
Moneys. Cheng accepts that he received RMB46.5m (which is, in fact, more than
the sum he should have received) between 2011 and 2016. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 58(f) (BAEIC at p 16); Plaintiff’s Opening Statement
dated 12 September 2022 at para 20.

Chen acknowledges receipt of RMB12.75m between 15 December 2011 and 20 April
2016. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Chen’s AEIC at para 19 (BAEIC at pp 52–53).

Apartments at King’s Mansion and Tropical Spring

15 Mdm Yong and Satrio were resident in China between 1992 and 2019. During
this period, they would occasionally travel to Singapore. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Yong’s AEIC at para 8 (BAEIC at pp 36–37); Chen’s AEIC at para 24 (BAEIC at p
54).

Each time they did so, Mdm Yong and Satrio resided at King’s Mansion, an
apartment Satrio purchased sometime in 1981. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Cheng’s AEIC at paras 16–17 (BAEIC at p 6); Yong’s AEIC at para 8 (BAEIC at pp
36–37); Bai’s AEIC at para 8.

16 Bai lived in King’s Mansion with her son and domestic helper, Rita Zafrina
Suryanti (“Suryanti”), from approximately 1999 to 2019. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Bai’s AEIC at para 9 (BAEIC at p 24); Yong’s AEIC at paras 9, 20 (BAEIC at pp
37, 42); Rita Zafrina Suryanti’s AEIC dated 21 July 2022 (“Suryanti’s AEIC”)
at para 4 (BAEIC at p 31); 21/9/22 NE p 3, lines 2–7.

17 Cheng moved to Singapore in 2000. He purchased an apartment at Tropical
Spring (“Cheng’s Unit”) in 2001 and has since lived there with his wife, Nelly
Winarso (“Winarso”), and children. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 14 (BAEIC at p 5).

18 In 2011, Cheng and Mdm Yong purchased a second unit at Tropical Spring
(“Disputed Unit”) for $1.515m. They were assisted by solicitors from Sim Mong
Teck & Partners (“SMTP”). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 31 (BAEIC at p 8); Yong’s AEIC at para 12 (BAEIC at p
38).

Mother and son jointly exercised the option to purchase the Disputed Unit
(“OTP”) on 13 September 2011. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 34, pp 40–51 (BAEIC at p 9).

They were registered as tenants in common in equal shares on 3 January 2012.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 37, pp 64–68 (BAEIC at p 10).

19 The purchase of the Disputed Unit was paid in the following manner:

(a) Cheng paid $15,150 for the option to purchase the Disputed Unit. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 34, p 42 (BAEIC at p 9).

(b) Cheng and Winarso jointly issued a cheque of $60,600 in favour of the
seller’s solicitors to exercise the OTP. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Cheng’s AEIC at p 41.

(c) Cheng took a mortgage of $790,000 (“the Mortgage”) from DBS Bank Ltd
(“DBS”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 34, pp 52–54 (BAEIC at p 9).

(d) Winarso’s nephew, Jourdan, obtained two cashier’s orders, one of
$495,737.63 and the other of $153,701.27, from DBS and issued them to the
sellers of the Disputed Unit. The cashier’s orders were each dated 8 December
2011. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Cheng’s AEIC at pp 58–62.

20 Cheng did not reside at the Disputed Unit. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 39 (BAEIC at p 10).

He nevertheless serviced the Mortgage 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

19/9/22 NE p 5, lines 8–15.

and paid for the property tax, maintenance fees and utility bills associated
with the Disputed Unit. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 39, pp 70–170 (BAEIC at pp 10–11); 19/9/22 NE p 5, lines
8–15.

21 Mdm Yong and Satrio lived at the Disputed Unit after permanently moving to
Singapore in December 2019. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Yong’s AEIC at para 11 (BAEIC at p 37).

22 Satrio passed away on 9 November 2021. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 43 (BAEIC at p 12); Yong’s AEIC at para 17 (BAEIC at p
41).

As a result, Mdm Yong became the sole owner of King’s Mansion. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 43 (BAEIC at p 12); Yong’s AEIC para 10 (BAEIC at p 37).

23 On 30 November 2021, Mdm Yong’s solicitors wrote a letter to Cheng. This
stated that Mdm Yong wished to sever the joint tenancy associated with the
Disputed Unit. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (Volume 1) (“2AB”) at pp 400–403.

It is, however, undisputed that Cheng and Mdm Yong held the Disputed Unit as
tenants in common in equal shares. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1AB at p 124; 22/9/22 NE, p 57, lines 12–25.

Consequently, there was no joint tenancy to sever.

Parties’ cases

Plaintiff’s case

24 Cheng avers that Mdm Yong holds her half-share of the Disputed Unit on a
resulting trust for him. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 25 October 2022 (“PCS”) at paras 3.1.3,
4.7.1–4.7.10; Statement of Claim dated 28 January 2022 (“SOC”) at paras 9–10.

He claims to have received RMB26m of his share of the Moneys by 6 December
2011 and purchased the Disputed Unit with this sum. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PCS at paras 4.1.1–4.1.3; 20/9/22 NE, p 43, lines 18–25.

This is purportedly consistent with Cheng: (a) paying for and exercising the
OTP with moneys from a bank account he jointly held with Winarso; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PCS at para 4.1.5(a).

(b) transferring $649,438.90 to Jourdan around 8 December 2011; 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PCS at para 4.1.5(b).

(c) securing 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS at paras 4.2.20–4.2.24.

and servicing the Mortgage; 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PCS at para 4.1.5(c).

and (d) furnishing and maintaining the property. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS at para 4.4.8; SOC at para 13.

25 Whilst Mdm Yong suggests that an email Cheng sent to Chen on 6 December
2011 (“6/12/11 Email”) shows that Cheng used her share of the Moneys to
acquire the Disputed Unit, Cheng contends that the 6/12/11 Email must be
understood in context. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

2AB at pp 301–302; PCS at para 4.2.1.

In particular:

(a) Cheng did not mean to say that he possessed the Moneys, but only that the
Moneys were in Inhwa Qingdao’s bank account in the 6/12/11 Email. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PCS at para 4.2.2.

The latter position is consistent with the Equity Transfer Agreement dated 6
November 2010 (“Transfer Agreement”) which provides that the sale proceeds are
to be deposited into a bank account in Inhwa Qingdao’s name (“Inhwa Qingdao’s
Bank Account”). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PCS at para 4.2.3; 1AB at p 242 (cl 3).

(b) Cheng sent the 6/12/11 Email after he orally discussed the potential
interest the Moneys could generate with Chen. Cheng sent the email to Chen to
provide him with greater clarity concerning this issue. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PCS at paras 2.1.6, 4.2.6–4.2.18.

(c) It was unexceptional that Cheng was able to calculate the monthly
instalments on the Mortgage in the 6/12/11 Email. He had secured the Mortgage
by this time. In any event, Cheng’s calculations did not show that he
purchased the Disputed Unit with Mdm Yong’s share of the Moneys. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PCS at paras 4.2.19–4.2.27.

(d) In July 2011, Cheng spoke to Satrio about the possibility of Satrio
“tak[ing] over” the Disputed Unit for the benefit of Mdm Yong. The
calculations in the 6/12/11 Email thus also related to Satrio’s potential
“takeover of the [Disputed Unit]” from Cheng. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PCS at paras 4.2.28–4.2.32; 19/9/22 NE, p 62, lines 7–16.

26 In the round, Cheng claims that he purchased the Disputed Unit for his own
investment or retirement. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PCS at paras 1.1.2, 4.4.1–4.4.5.

He nevertheless permitted Mdm Yong to stay at the Disputed Unit because Mdm
Yong disliked living at the dilapidated King’s Mansion. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PCS at paras 1.1.4, 4.5.3–4.5.4; SOC at para 10.

Additionally, although Cheng and Mdm Yong purchased the Disputed Unit as
tenants in common in equal shares, Cheng named Mdm Yong as the co-owner of the
Disputed Unit to assuage her concerns that Cheng would “change his mind about
letting her reside at [the Disputed Unit] and she would have to return to
King’s Mansion”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS at paras 1.1.5, 1.1.7, 4.5.5.

He also did so because Mdm Yong orally agreed to return her share of the
Disputed Unit to Cheng upon her passing, when she no longer wished to reside
at the Disputed Unit or when Cheng decided to sell the property. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PCS at paras 4.5.6–4.5.8, 4.5.11; SOC at para 11.

27 Cheng’s position is allegedly buttressed by Mdm Yong’s inconsistent
positions on the nature of her interest in the Disputed Unit, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PCS at paras 4.6.1–4.6.9.

her concession that Cheng informed her that she was free to stay at the
Disputed Unit when she travelled to Singapore alone, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PCS at para 4.6.10.

and her failure to inform Satrio that Cheng had brought her to SMTP to
purchase the Disputed Unit. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

PCS at paras 4.6.17–4.6.21.

In the latter regard, it is also significant that Chen never complained to
Satrio that Cheng had misused Mdm Yong’s share of the Moneys. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

PCS at paras 4.3.6 – 4.3.7

28 Turning to Mdm Yong’s counterclaim that Cheng holds her share of the Moneys
on a constructive trust for her, Cheng submits that Satrio had absolute
control over the Moneys. The proceeds of the sale of Inhwa Qingdao were paid
to the company’s five shareholders, which included Satrio, and Satrio
subsequently deposited the Moneys into a bank account he controlled. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS at paras 5.1.1–5.1.7.

Cheng’s transfer of his and Chen’s shares of the Moneys was done at Satrio’s
behest and Cheng was not tasked to distribute the Moneys to any other
individuals. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCS at paras 5.2.1–5.2.6.

29 Cheng argues alternatively that Satrio could not have declared an express
trust over the Moneys. There is no certainty of intention. The Sale Proceeds
collectively belonged to the five shareholders of Inhwa Qingdao and there is
no evidence that all the shareholders agreed to Satrio’s distribution of the
Moneys. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS at para 5.4.4–5.4.5.

Moreover, Satrio expressed his intention for Mdm Yong’s share of the Moneys to
be loaned to Inhwa Xiamen in the 25/6/11 Note. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS at paras 3.2.4, 5.4.8–5.4.14; 2AB at pp 470–471.

There is no certainty of subject-matter. Cheng transferred the Moneys to
Satrio in tranches and it is unclear which tranche contained Mdm Yong’s share
of the Moneys. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS at para 5.4.23.

Finally, there is no certainty of objects. It is unclear whether Mdm Yong or
Inhwa Xiamen is the beneficiary of the disputed sum. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

PCS at paras 5.4.26–5.4.28.

Defendant’s case

30 Mdm Yong claims that Satrio settled the Moneys on an express trust with
Cheng as trustee and Mdm Yong the beneficiary of RMB12.75m. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 25 October 2022 (“DCS”) at para 8.

Satrio’s intention to create a trust of the Moneys and for Mdm Yong to receive
RMB12.75m is evinced by the 25/6/11 Note. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS at paras 11–13.

It is also consistent with and buttressed by the following:

(a) Satrio’s lack of control of the Moneys. The Transfer Agreement stated that
Cheng is the representative of Inhwa Qingdao’s shareholders. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DCS at paras 14–15.

Satrio also wrote two letters to Cheng dated 8 July 2013 and 20 August 2013 in
which he asked Cheng for his share of the Moneys as well as moneys Inhwa
Qingdao owed Inhwa Xiamen. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCS at paras 16–17; 1AB at pp 240–247; 2AB at pp 308–309.

(b) Cheng’s control of the Moneys. Cheng claimed to have control over the
distribution of the Moneys in the 6/12/11 Email and a further email he sent to
Chen on 6 July 2016. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DCS at para 23 (S/N 8); 2AB at pp 301, 335–336.

In the 6/12/11 Email, Cheng admitted to using Mdm Yong’s share of the Moneys
to purchase the Disputed Unit. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

DCS at paras 25–27.

Cheng also admitted, under cross-examination, to having transferred Chen’s
share of the Moneys from Inhwa Qingdao’s Bank Account to his own bank account
before distributing the moneys to Chen. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DCS at para 23 (S/N 10); 19/9/22 NE at p 142, lines 8–19.

An adverse inference should also be drawn against Cheng for his failure to
adduce any bank statements pertaining to Inhwa Qingdao’s Bank Account. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCS at paras 39–40.

(c) Cheng’s poor credibility as a witness. Cheng said that he had no knowledge
of what happened to the Moneys (apart from his share) in his affidavit. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Cheng’s AEIC at para 58(h).

This is inconsistent with his testimony that he received and distributed
Chen’s share of the Moneys and that a portion of Mdm Yong’s share of the
Moneys was transferred to Satrio in 2012. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCS at paras 29–32; 19/9/22 NE at p 96, lines 5–9.

Additionally, his claim that Satrio controlled the withdrawal of moneys from
Inhwa Qingdao’s Bank Account is not on affidavit. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCS at paras 33–34.

His claim to have a limited understanding of the 25/6/11 Note is betrayed by
his handwritten reproduction and annotations of the note. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DCS at paras 37–38, 69–71.

31 Next, Cheng used Mdm Yong’s share of the Moneys to purchase the Disputed
Unit. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 22 March 2022 (“Defence”) at
paras 9–11, 23.

Pertinently, Cheng admitted to using RMB4m for “[Mdm Yong’s] house” and the
interest generated on the remaining RMB4.25m for “mom housing loan payment” in
the 6/12/11 Email. These sums broadly cohere with the purchase price of the
Disputed Unit and the monthly Mortgage instalments. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS at paras 45–50.

It follows that Cheng holds his share of the Disputed Unit on a resulting
trust for Mdm Yong. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS at paras 86–88.

32 Mdm Yong argues that Cheng’s claim that he was speaking in hypothetical
terms in the 6/12/11 Email cannot be believed. It sits uncomfortably with the
plain language of the email, the fact that Cheng sent the 6/12/11 Email at
about the same time the Disputed Property was purchased and Cheng’s own claim
that Mdm Yong’s share of the Moneys was loaned to Inhwa Xiamen. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DCS at paras 53–56, 61, 65–66.

33 Alternatively, Mdm Yong contends that Cheng holds her share of the Moneys
on a constructive trust. Cheng is a fiduciary because of the relationship of
trust and confidence between mother and son. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCS at paras 89–93.

He breached his fiduciary duties by either personally taking the RMB12.75m Mdm
Yong was entitled to or transferring this sum to Satrio. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

DCS at paras 94–98.

34 Mdm Yong’s pleadings concerning her claims either to the balance of
RMB8.75m after the purchase or to the entire RMB12.75m are brief and sketchy.
Neither express trust nor constructive trust is clearly pleaded.

Applicable law

35 Three certainties must be present for the creation of an express trust:
certainty of intention, certainty of subject matter and certainty of the
objects of the trust. Certainty of intention requires proof that a trust was
intended by the settlor. While no particular form of expression is necessary,
there must be clear evidence of an intention to create a trust. Next, the
trust must define with sufficient certainty the assets which are to be held on
trust and the interest that the beneficiary is to take in them. Finally,
certainty of objects requires clarity as to the intended beneficiaries so it
is possible to ascertain those who have standing to enforce the trustee’s
duties under the trust (Guy Neale and others v Nine Squares Pty Ltd [2015] 1
SLR 1097 (“Guy Neale”) at [51]–[52], [59], [60]).

36 Turning to the law on resulting trusts, where a transferor appears to have
paid for the acquisition of an interest in property in the name of a different
party or to have transferred some interest in property to a transferee, the
court presumes that the transferor intended to retain the beneficial interest
in the property in proportion to his financial contribution towards the
acquisition of the property (Koh Lian Chye and another v Koh Ah Leng and
another and another appeal [2021] SGCA 69 at [23]–[26]). Importantly, however,
the court will not rely on the presumption of resulting trust when the
evidence adequately reveals the true intentions of the transferor (Su Emmanuel
v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another [2016] 3 SLR 1222 at [79]).

37 Finally, an institutional constructive trust arises by operation of law.
The liability of the constructive trustee is predicated on his knowing of some
factor that affects his conscience (Guy Neale at [124]–[125]). That said, a
constructive trust is not equity’s response to conduct by an individual which
is unconscionable only in the general sense of being conduct which is not
right or reasonable. Rather, an individual, T, holds his rights in property on
constructive trust for another, B, if a set of circumstances have transpired
in relation to those rights which equity recognises by accretion of judicial
decision are sufficient to render it unconscionable for T to exercise those
rights in disregard of B. The specific categories of unconscionability which
equity recognises as being capable of giving rise to an institutional
constructive trust include fraud (Zaiton bte Adom v Nafsiah bte Wagiman and
another [2022] SGHC 189 at [104]–[108]).

Issues to be determined

38 The following issues arise for my determination:

(a) Is the share in the Disputed Unit registered in Mdm Yong’s name held on
resulting trust for Cheng?

(b) Is the share in the Disputed Unit registered in Cheng’s name held on
resulting trust for Mdm Yong?

(c) Subject to the pleading point, is Cheng liable to Mdm Yong for the balance
or the whole of her share of the Moneys on the basis that he is in breach of
an express or constructive trust?

Issue 1: Resulting trust of Mdm Yong’s share in the Disputed Unit in favour of
Cheng

39 There is no doubt that Cheng effected all the payments concerning the
Disputed Unit. The question is whether he used moneys that were his or moneys
that came from Mdm Yong’s share of the Moneys. The 6/12/11 Email appears to
indicate that as of that date, which fell between contract and completion of
the purchase of the Disputed Unit, the entire purchase of the Disputed Unit
was to come from her share of the Moneys. This expressly included the mortgage
repayments. Moreover, Cheng described the Disputed Unit as “her house”. I do
not believe Cheng’s evidence that he was merely speaking hypothetically or
that this was only what he would do if Satrio agreed to his proposal that
Satrio take over the purchase. Cheng describes the funds as “actually in [his]
hand” and as having been “distributed by [Satrio]” in the shares stated,
including the share for Mdm Yong, against which he sets out the remarks and
calculations concerning the ongoing purchase of the Disputed Unit. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

2AB at pp 301–302.

40 This case has been fought on presumed resulting trust and neither party has
put the case on the basis of a common intention. Nonetheless, what parties
separately intended in relation to the Disputed Unit was explored in evidence
as a way of evaluating the strength of the contending arguments concerning the
source of funds. I comment on five aspects of this evidence.

41 First, beyond just evidencing the true source of the funds, the 6/12/11
Email evidences Cheng’s belief that the Disputed Unit was to be Mdm Yong’s.
Cheng was addressing his brother Chen and if he was buying the property for
his own investment merely intending to allow his mother to stay there, he
would surely have made that clear. Cheng struck me as careful to the point of
guarded, so that even assuming that in 2011 he and his brother were on good
terms, Cheng would not have spoken loosely of its being his mother’s house if
that was not what he intended.

42 Secondly, having heard Mdm Yong, and having evaluated her limited level of
education and experience as well as considered her evidence as a whole, I find
that she believed that the Disputed Unit was purchased for her by way of
Satrio’s making general provision for her but had no precise knowledge or
understanding of what that entailed in terms of legal arrangements or
financial flows. She attended at the lawyers’ office and signed the documents
that she was requested to sign. This is not to say that such documents were
not duly explained to her. She simply trusted that her son, Cheng, was acting
in good faith in her interests and in accordance with her husband’s wishes,
without applying her mind to specific details.

43 Thirdly, Mdm Yong’s lack of clarity, including the subsequent mistaken
suggestion that there was a joint tenancy to be severed, are broadly
explicable in the context of her level of education and experience, and her
dependent relationship initially on husband and in later years children.

44 Fourthly, Cheng, by contrast with Mdm Yong, was savvy and knowledgeable in
business. Cheng has claimed that the Disputed Unit was co-owned at law rather
than solely owned by him because he wanted to give Mdm Yong comfort that she
could stay there as long as she wanted. I do not accept this claim, but in any
event, it would not explain the use of tenancy in common rather than joint
tenancy. Given the difference in their ages and the natural order of things,
and keeping in mind Cheng’s level of sophistication, he would have understood
that a joint tenancy with its right of survivorship would fulfil any such
intention of giving comfort while being more convenient and fitting better the
alleged fact that the Disputed Unit was really his.

45 Fifthly, Cheng has made allegations that he and his mother are in this
dispute because Chen manipulated her into forming the intention to will all
her assets, including the Disputed Unit, to Chen, when he had an agreement
with her that she would “return her shares in the [Disputed Unit] to [him]
upon her passing”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Cheng’s AEIC at paras 6 and 45.

The evidence does not support a finding that Mdm Yong had previously given him
any assurance that he would have the Disputed Unit after her passing. Indeed,
if that had been discussed as Cheng claims, it would likely have resulted in a
joint tenancy rather than tenancy in common. Moreover, even if Mdm Yong had
previously told Cheng that she would leave her share of the Disputed Unit to
him when she passed away, this does not support his case that he already
beneficially owned the whole of the Disputed Unit upon its purchase.

Issue 2: Resulting trust of Cheng’s share in the Disputed Unit in favour of
Mdm Yong

46 My reading of the 6/12/11 Email established that for Issue 1, Cheng had not
proved that he had used his own moneys to purchase the Disputed Unit. It is a
distinct question whether Mdm Yong has met her burden to prove in respect of
Cheng’s share that the funds came from her. If neither party proves this on a
balance of probabilities then (absent plea and proof of a common intention
that one or other would beneficially own the whole property) the Disputed Unit
would simply be held as tenants in common in equal shares both at law and in
equity.

47 In my view, the proper analysis is that what Cheng wrote in the 6/12/11
Email adduced as evidence by Mdm Yong shifted the evidential burden to him to
rebut the inference that he used funds transferred to him by Satrio that were
intended for Mdm Yong’s benefit. Cheng failed to rebut this inference.

48 It is important to explain that for this issue it is not necessary to find
that Mdm Yong had a beneficial interest in the moneys prior to those moneys
being used to purchase the Disputed Unit. It is enough that the moneys came to
Cheng’s possession or control on the instruction of Satrio and with the
knowledge of what Satrio intended him to do with those moneys, namely to use
them for Mdm Yong’s benefit. The 6/12/11 Email shows that RMB12.75m was for
Mdm Yong and from that amount RMB4m was to be used for the purchase of the
Disputed Unit as “her house”. This purchase was carried out, and so even if
Satrio had not declared any trust over the Moneys in favour of Mdm Yong among
other beneficiaries, the intended gift to her was completed and perfected (via
Cheng) upon the funds being used for the purchase. It is also not necessary
for Mdm Yong to prove that the purchase drew specifically and exclusively from
those earmarked funds. Money is fungible and the point is that to the extent
that Cheng might have used money from another source he had Mdm Yong’s share
of the Moneys “in his hand” to reimburse himself.

49 Accordingly, I hold that Cheng holds his share of the Disputed Unit on
resulting trust for Mdm Yong.

Issue 3: Express or constructive trust in respect of Mdm Yong’s share of the
Moneys

50 Given my findings on the first two issues, the third issue concerns only
the balance of Mdm Yong’s share of the Moneys, namely RMB8.75m. This entails a
different analysis. For Mdm Yong to succeed in showing a breach of trust on
Cheng’s part, she must first establish that he held that balance on trust for
her, whether expressly or constructively.

51 The evidence does not establish an express trust, whether on Satrio’s or on
Cheng’s part. Nor have circumstances been shown that compel the imposition of
a constructive trust. I find that even once the moneys were in Cheng’s account
it remained open to Satrio to ask that Cheng pay Satrio the balance of Mdm
Yong’s share instead, whether because he had changed his mind about allocating
that amount to Mdm Yong or because he had decided that he would use the moneys
for Mdm Yong’s benefit himself, rather than leave them with Cheng. I accept
that at the material time Satrio made decisions for and ultimately controlled
the finances of the family.

52 Moreover, these proceedings came too late to hear evidence from Satrio
concerning dealings between himself and Cheng. In the absence of documentary
evidence, I am not able to find, as Cheng testified, that Cheng in fact
returned the moneys allocated to Mdm Yong to Satrio, but I am also not able to
find that he did not do so.

53 Given this analysis, I need not deal with the pleading difficulties.

Conclusion

54 With the passage of time and the passing of the patriarch, much remains in
the shadows. Nonetheless, the 6/12/11 Email, taken together with parties’
testimonies, sheds sufficient light to show that funds earmarked by Satrio for
Mdm Yong and controlled by Cheng were used directly or indirectly to purchase
the Disputed Unit. Cheng’s claim fails, and I grant Mdm Yong’s counterclaim
for a declaration that she is the sole beneficial owner of the Disputed Unit.
I dismiss her counterclaim in respect of the balance moneys. Parties are to
file submissions on costs limited to five pages each, excluding supporting
documents for disbursements, within 14 days of the date of this judgment. I
will proceed to notify parties of my decision on costs thereafter.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ng Khai Lee and Phyllis Wong Shi Ting (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff;

Wong Soo Chih and Ho Shing Chian Juliana (SC Wong Law Chambers LLC) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Jan 2023 (11:36 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

