Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 176

Suit No 115 of 2022

Between

| Hoie Kok Hing  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Hoie Tip Fong (sued as an individual and in her representative capacity as
the executrix of the estate of Hoie Wai Fong, deceased)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Trusts — Express trusts]

[Probate and Administration — Executors]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hoie Kok Hing

  
v

  

Hoie Tip Fong

  
(

sued as an individual and in her representative capacity as the executrix of
the estate of Hoie Wai Fong, deceased)

[2023] SGHC 176

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 115 of 2022  
Audrey Lim J  
20 – 24 February, 20 April 2023

22 June 2023 Judgment reserved.

Audrey Lim J:

1 The plaintiff, Mr Hoie Kok Hing (“Johnny”), and the defendant, Mdm Hoie Tip
Fong (“Pat”), are siblings. In this suit (“the Suit”), Johnny claims a one-
sixth share both in a property at River Valley Road (“RV Property”) and in the
sale proceeds of a property at Barker Road (“BR Property”) which was sold in
2019. He claims that Pat held the properties on trust for the estate of their
father (“Mr Hoie”) or mother (“Mdm Boey”) (collectively the “Parents”). Johnny
further seeks an order that Pat render an account of all assets belonging to
Mdm Boey in the possession of Pat and their late sister, Mdm Hoie Wai Fong
(“Lucy”), as the executrices of Mdm Boey’s estate. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) (“SOC”) at [14], [16], and prayers (1),
(1A) and (2).

2 Mr Hoie passed away on 22 June 1993 and left a will where he appointed Lucy
as the sole executrix. Mdm Boey passed away on 1 May 2015 and left a will
where she appointed Lucy and Pat as the joint executrices. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at [7(h)] and [(7(i)]; Agreed Bundle of Documents (“AB”) 11–18.

Whilst the Suit was commenced more than 28 years after Mr Hoie’s passing and
more than six years after Mdm Boey’s passing, Johnny claims that he did not
know of the existence of the Parents’ wills at the material times. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Johnny’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at [15] and [17]; 20/2/23 NE
18, 25 and 31.

Background

3 Mr Hoie and Mdm Boey had six children (the “Siblings”), namely, Mdm Hoie Lai
Fong (“Rosalind”), Lucy, Pat, Johnny, Mr Hoie Kok Yew (“Robert”) and Mdm Hoie
Sook Fong (“Judy”). Lucy passed away on 15 September 2020, and Robert passed
away on 19 March 2021. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at [7(j)] and [7(k)].

4 Mr Hoie founded two printing companies, Luen Wah Press (“Luen Wah”) and Wing
Lee Printing Press Ltd (“Wing Lee”).

5 Mr Hoie founded Luen Wah as a sole proprietorship in 1940, and it became an
exempt private company limited by shares in 1982. In 1974, Robert became a
partner of Luen Wah; and both Mr Hoie and Robert ceased to be partners in
December 1977. Johnny became a partner of Luen Wah from 1974 and was its sole
shareholder when it was wound up in 2005. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Exhibit A (Silvester Legal LLC’s letter dated 21 February 2023 at [5]–[6] and
Tab 1).

6 Wing Lee was incorporated in March 1965. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at [7(c)]; Defence (Amendment No. 1) (“Defence”) at [4]; Pat’s AEIC at [7]
and [8]; Johnny’s AEIC at [41]; AB 161.

In particular:

(a) A total of 16,000 shares were first issued to Mr Hoie (10,000 shares), Mdm
Boey (1,000 shares), Rosalind, Lucy and one Tang Tai Thye, who was the
family’s housekeeper (“Tang”). In 1970, Mdm Boey was issued a further 45,000
shares in consideration for her transferring the RV Property (registered in
her name) to Wing Lee. In 1972, Mr Hoie was issued a further 19,000 shares and
Judy was issued 10,000 shares. In total, 90,000 shares in Wing Lee were
issued. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Silvester Legal LLC’s letter dated 2 March 2023 (“Silvester’s 2/3/23 Letter”)
at pp 4–5; Agreed List of Issues dated 2 March 2023 (“Agreed LOI”) at [6].

(b) In June 1976, 35,000 of Mdm Boey’s shares were transferred to Johnny (who
obtained 10,000 shares), Robert, Rosalind, Pat and Lucy. Hence, by this date,
all the Siblings had been given shares in Wing Lee. It is not disputed that
the Siblings (and Tang) did not pay for any of the shares issued to them. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Silvester’s 2/3/23 Letter at pp 6–9; 21/2/23 NE 90; 22/2/23 NE 36; 23/2/23 NE
26; Johnny’s AEIC at [49].

(c) By July 1978, Johnny no longer had any shares in Wing Lee, as his 10,000
shares had been transferred to Mdm Boey, Lucy and Pat. However, the other
Siblings continued to hold shares in Wing Lee. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Silvester’s 2/3/23 Letter at pp 10–12.

(d) In June 1976, the Parents, Johnny, Pat and Robert were the directors of
Wing Lee. Whilst named as a director, Johnny never took part in the management
of, nor was he paid a remuneration at, Wing Lee. Johnny and Pat ceased to be
directors in December 1976. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

21/2/23 NE 8; Agreed LOI at [5]; Silvester’s 2/3/23 Letter at pp 6 and 10.

(e) As at June 1981, the Parents, Robert, Judy and Lucy were the directors of
Wing Lee, with Lucy having been appointed the managing director (“MD”) from 26
May 1980. On 25 November 1981, Pat was re-appointed as a director. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [53]; AB 152; Silvester’s 2/3/23 Letter at pp 15 and 24.

I will refer to Lucy and Pat as “the Sisters” where appropriate.

(f) Subsequently, Judy resigned as a director in March 1982, and the Parents
and Robert resigned in November 1985, leaving only the Sisters to manage Wing
Lee. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Silvester’s 2/3/23 Letter at pp 20, 24 and 25.

7 In April 1986, Wing Lee was wound up by a members’ voluntary winding up. The
Sisters were then the only directors and shareholders on record. As Wing Lee’s
main asset was the RV Property, it vested in the Sisters as the shareholders
at the time of Wing Lee’s winding up. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB 211 and 217; Pat’s AEIC at [15].

Johnny’s claims

8 Johnny’s case, based on his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), is as
follows. He received a cheque for $77,000 (“$77,000 Cheque”) after Mr Hoie
passed away, and a cheque for $62,650.04 (“$62,650.04 Cheque”) after Mdm Boey
passed away, both of which he understood to be interim distributions from the
Parents’ estates. However, no further distribution was subsequently made. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [9]–[11], [15]–[16], [19] and [24].

9 Johnny claims that Mr Hoie beneficially owned the BR Property, although it
had been registered in Mdm Boey’s and the Sisters’ names as joint tenants.
Hence, Mdm Boey’s purported gift of her share of the BR Property to the
Sisters (according to her will) was invalid, and the property should have been
divided equally among the Siblings on Mr Hoie’s death. Thus, Johnny should
have received a one-sixth share in the sale proceeds of the Property. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [21] and [60]–[64]; SOC at prayer (1A).

10 Johnny claims that the RV Property also belonged to Mr Hoie beneficially,
although it had been registered in Mdm Boey’s name. Mdm Boey subsequently
transferred the RV Property to Wing Lee in 1970, in exchange for 45,000 shares
in Wing Lee. Johnny claims that Wing Lee was founded by the Parents with the
intention that it would be a family trust and that it was agreed among the
family members that the Siblings would share equally in the family trust on
the Parents’ demise. Hence, the Sisters breached that trust by transferring
the RV Property to themselves when Wing Lee was wound up, instead of
distributing it among the Siblings. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [40]–[42], [44], [45] and [57].

11 Johnny further claims that the Sisters intermeddled in Mdm Boey’s estate
and that there are further moneys in the estate for distribution. In
particular, Pat did not obtain a grant of representation in relation to, and
was not authorised to make any distributions from, the estate. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at [14] and [16]; Johnny’s AEIC at [36].

12 However, in court, Johnny clarified that he was making claims only in
relation to the RV Property (and the rental proceeds therefrom) and the sale
proceeds of the BR Property. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

21/2/23 NE 35–38 and 43.

Mr Hoie’s and Mdm Boey’s wills

13 I deal first with whether Johnny knew of the wills of Mr Hoie and Mdm Boey
(“Mr Hoie’s Will” and “Mdm Boey’s Will” respectively) at the time of their
respective demise, as Johnny’s claims pertaining to the RV Property and the BR
Property are premised on the properties falling under the estate(s) of Mr Hoie
and/or Mdm Boey.

14 Johnny does not dispute the validity of the wills and accepts that they
were executed by Mr Hoie and Mdm Boey respectively. This is despite his
initial claim that the Sisters had arranged for Mdm Boey “who [was]
illiterate, to execute a will under suspicious circumstances”, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [67].

which is, in any event, unsubstantiated. He claims, however, that he did not
know of the wills, let alone about their contents, when the Parents passed
away. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Agreed LOI at [1] and [2]; AB 11–18; Johnny’s AEIC at [15] and [17]; 20/2/23
NE 18, 25 and 31; 21/2/23 NE 104.

Whether Johnny knew of Mr Hoie’s Will at the material time

15 It is no longer disputed that Mr Hoie did leave a will, where he appointed
Lucy as the sole executrix and left larger shares of his estate to Mdm Boey,
the Sisters and Robert, than to Johnny, Rosalind and Judy.

16 Johnny claims that shortly after Mr Hoie’s demise, Lucy had handed him the
$77,000 Cheque and told him that it was a distribution from Mr Hoie’s estate.
He was puzzled at receiving only a modest sum and, a few weeks later, he asked
Mdm Boey about this, whereupon she informed him that “once I am not around,
all of you will get an equal share”. He thought that the $77,000 Cheque was
merely an interim distribution and that his father had bequeathed all his
property to his mother, such that there would be a final distribution only
after her passing. He only discovered that his father had left a will after he
commenced the Suit. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC at [7(h)] and [9A]; Johnny’s AEIC at [9]–[13], [17]; 20/2/23 NE 32, 33 and
35.

17 Pat claims that Johnny knew of the existence of Mr Hoie’s Will when Mr Hoie
passed away. The will was read to all the beneficiaries by Lucy after Mr
Hoie’s passing, including Johnny, during a family meeting at the BR Property,
and Johnny was thus aware of its contents. Johnny also had the opportunity to
read the will. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence at [4]; Pat’s AEIC at [25].

My findings

18 I find that Johnny knew of Mr Hoie’s Will and its contents when Mr Hoie
passed away in 1993, because it was read out in his presence at a family
meeting, and that he knew Lucy was the executrix named in the will. I further
find that he accepted the $77,000 Cheque as his entire share under the will at
that time, and I disbelieve that he thought there would be a final
distribution of Mr Hoie’s estate only upon Mdm Boey’s passing.

19 Pat’s testimony that Lucy read out Mr Hoie’s Will at a family meeting which
Johnny attended is supported by Judy and Rosalind. Judy attested that all the
Siblings had been present, that Lucy had read out the will and then passed it
around, and that Johnny would have had the opportunity to read it. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Judy’s AEIC at [15]; 21/2/23 NE 53 and 103.

Rosalind also attested that she had been shown Mr Hoie’s Will at the family
meeting and had been given the opportunity to read it. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Rosalind’s AEIC at [16]; 23/2/23 NE 12–13.

I see no reason to disbelieve Judy and Rosalind. Like Johnny, they had each
received a smaller share of Mr Hoie’s estate compared to the Sisters, but
unlike Johnny, they do not claim to be entitled to a share in the BR Property
or the RV Property. Instead, they had no issues with Lucy’s administration of
Mr Hoie’s estate and accepted that Mr Hoie had bequeathed a larger share of
his estate to the Sisters because they would be the main caregivers of Mdm
Boey after his passing. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Judy’s AEIC at [13] and [17]; Rosalind’s AEIC at [18]–[19]; 21/2/23 NE 53;
23/2/23 NE 12–13.

20 Indeed, it is strange that despite claiming to have believed that the
$77,000 Cheque (received in 1993) and the $62,650.04 Cheque (received in 2015)
were only interim distributions, Johnny never queried the Sisters on why there
was no further distribution from the Parents’ respective estates for many
years, although he was supposedly “puzzled” by the modest amounts he had
received each time. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [11] and [24]; 20/2/23 NE 40–41.

In fact, he claimed in court that he did not care who distributed his father’s
estate or whether Lucy had the authority to do so, although Mr Hoie had
purportedly died intestate. For over 25 years, he also never enquired as to
whether Mr Hoie had made a will, although he “wondered” to himself if there
were any balance moneys in Mr Hoie’s estate for distribution. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

20/2/23 NE 25, 28–31 and 33.

His lawyers wrote to Pat only on 20 November 2020 (after Lucy had passed away
in September 2020) to ask whether the Parents had each left a will, and to
assert that the BR Property and the RV Property were owned by both Parents. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB 360–362; Johnny’s AEIC at [29(b)].

21 Johnny’s conduct (at [20] above) supports my finding that he knew Mr Hoie
had left a will and named Lucy as the executrix, which was why he never
challenged Lucy’s authority to administer the estate or the amounts he
received from the estate at the material time. Indeed, Johnny did admit in
court that he knew Mr Hoie had left a will which appointed Lucy as the
executrix. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

20/2/23 NE 30.

Whether Johnny knew of Mdm Boey’s Will at the material time

22 Johnny accepts that Mdm Boey left a will. In Mdm Boey’s Will, she appointed
the Sisters as joint executrices, devised her share of the BR Property to them
in equal shares, and gave larger shares of her estate to the Sisters and
Robert, than to Johnny, Rosalind and Judy. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOC at [7(i)]; AB 16–18.

23 Johnny claims that a few weeks after Mdm Boey’s passing in May 2015, he
received the $62,650.04 Cheque from the Sisters at a family meeting held at
the BR Property. He did not know that Mdm Boey had left a will. As the Sisters
had previously administered Mr Hoie’s estate, he had no reason to suspect that
anything was amiss and received the cheque thinking that it was an interim
distribution. At a subsequent meeting, the Sisters circulated a document with
a breakdown of the distributions from Mdm Boey’s estate, and said that they
would wait for the maturity of a fixed deposit belonging to Mdm Boey (the “UOB
FD”) before making a further distribution to the beneficiaries. However, no
further distributions were made. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [15]–[16], [19] and [24].

24 Pat claims that Johnny knew of Mdm Boey’s Will upon her passing. The
Sisters called for a family meeting shortly thereafter (“2015 Family Meeting”)
with the Siblings present, and the will was read out and circulated to
everyone. The attendees were further informed that Mdm Boey had two accounts
(ie, the UOB FD and a POSB Account) containing $554,558.22 and $10,002.95
respectively. The UOB FD was held in the names of the Sisters on trust for Mdm
Boey, whilst the POSB Account was jointly held in the names of Mdm Boey and
Lucy. The moneys in these accounts were eventually distributed to the
beneficiaries after paying off various expenses. In particular, Johnny was
given the $62,650.04 Cheque as his share of the moneys in the accounts, in
accordance with Mdm Boey’s Will. The beneficiaries acknowledged receipt of
their respective distributions by signing off in the records which Pat had
kept in an exercise book (“Exercise Book”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defence at [12(a)]; Pat’s AEIC at [39]–[60]; AB 236–250.

My findings

25 I find that Johnny knew of Mdm Boey’s Will and its contents when Mdm Boey
passed away in 2015, because it was read out in his presence at the 2015
Family Meeting, and he also knew that the Sisters were the executrixes named
therein. I further find that he had accepted the $62,650.04 Cheque as his
entire share under the will at that time, and I disbelieve his claim that he
believed that it was merely an interim distribution.

26 Pat’s testimony on the 2015 Family Meeting is supported by Judy, Rosalind
and Rosalind’s daughter, Ms Lee Yuet Ping (“Yuet Ping”) who was also a
beneficiary under Mdm Boey’s Will. They stated that Johnny was present at this
meeting and that the will was passed around for everyone to read. I see no
reason to disbelieve them. Judy and Rosalind had no issues with the Sisters’
administration of Mdm Boey’s estate, although they had each received a smaller
share under Mdm Boey’s Will. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Judy’s AEIC at [19] and [21]; Rosalind’s AEIC at [22]–[25] and [27]; Yuet
Ping’s AEIC at [12]–[16]; 21/2/23 NE 69.

27 Johnny’s testimony also supports my finding that he knew of Mdm Boey’s Will
at the material time and accepted the manner in which the Sisters had
administered the estate. In court, he admitted that he “believed” the Sisters
were the executrices responsible for administering Mdm Boey’s estate, and that
his belief was based on his “trust” in them because they were “in charge of
the accounts”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

20/2/23 NE 19–20.

The purported basis for Johnny’s belief was unconvincing, and I find his
belief was instead based on the fact that Mdm Boey’s Will was made known to
him at the 2015 Family Meeting.

28 Johnny’s conduct further supports my finding. Prior to 2020, he did not
even attempt to find out who was entitled to apply for a grant of probate in
respect of Mdm Boey’s estate. This is despite claiming to have been “puzzled”
that he had obtained only an interim distribution (via the $62,650.04 Cheque)
in 2015; and although he claimed to be continually puzzled from time to time,
he left it at that. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

20/2/23 NE 20–21 and 40–41.

He finally admitted in cross-examination that he had made no effort to see to
the grant of probate and distribution of Mdm Boey’s estate because he knew all
along that the Sisters were the legally appointed executrices of the estate.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

20/2/23 NE 24.

Such knowledge must have been based on him having seen or known of the
existence of Mdm Boey’s Will at the material time.

29 I also reject Johnny’s pleaded case that the Sisters did not disclose at
the 2015 Family Meeting the assets in Mdm Boey’s estate. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOC at [9].

On the contrary, Johnny knew of the UOB FD and POSB Account at the material
time. He attested that one of the Sisters had informed him of the UOB FD, and
his claim is merely that they never mentioned that the UOB FD and POSB Account
would “solely” form the estate. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [18]–[20]; 20/2/23 NE 43–44.

He also admitted that Mdm Boey’s jewellery had been distributed to the
beneficiaries. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

21/2/23 NE 36; Yuet Ping’s AEIC at [19]; Pat’s AEIC at [62]–[63].

Finally, the contents of the Exercise Book (see [24] above), which Johnny had
signed and which record he has not disputed, show the Sisters did not conceal
from him the assets in Mdm Boey’s estate.

Conclusion on the Wills

30 In the round, I find that Johnny knew of Mr Hoie’s Will and Mdm Boey’s Will
after their demise, that he had the opportunity to peruse the wills and that
he knew of the contents therein. He did not object to the distributions made
to the beneficiaries at the material times because he knew Lucy or the Sisters
(as the case may be) had done so in accordance with the wills. His assertion
that he was unaware of the Parents’ wills at the material times merely
undermines his credibility in relation to his claims.

BR Property

31 I proceed to deal with the BR Property. In 1953, Mr Hoie purchased a
property (the “Berrima Property”) as the family home. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB 41; SOC at [7(a)]; Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 20 April 2023
(“DCS”) at [21]; 21/2/23 NE 65.

In March 1991, a contract of sale was executed to sell the Berrima Property,
and completion took place with the transfer of the property to the new owner
in August 1991. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AB 231–235; 20/2/23 NE 69; 22/2/23 NE 14.

Meanwhile, the BR Property was purchased for $750,000 in the names of Mdm Boey
and the Sisters as joint tenants. The contract to purchase the BR Property was
executed on 28 February 1991 and the property was transferred to Mdm Boey and
the Sisters on 7 July 1992. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB 256–260; 20/2/23 NE 59, 68–69; 21/2/23 NE 4.

32 After the Berrima Property had been sold, the Parents, the Sisters and
Robert resided at the BR Property. The BR Property was not mentioned in Mr
Hoie’s Will. But in Mdm Boey’s Will, she devised “[her] share” of it to the
Sisters in equal shares. In June 2019, the Sisters sold the BR Property for
$4m. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

SOC at [6] and [9A]; Defence at [7]; Pat’s AEIC at [33]; AB 270–273.

33 Johnny pleaded that the BR Property belonged to Mr Hoie as he had paid the
purchase price. Hence, Mdm Boey could not devise the BR Property to the
Sisters, and it should have been distributed under Mr Hoie’s estate with
Johnny being entitled to one-sixth of it in accordance with the terms of the
purported family trust or under the rules of intestacy. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

SOC at [32]–[34].

Johnny claims that Mdm Boey and the Sisters did not have the means to purchase
the BR Property, and Mr Hoie had financed the entire purchase price from the
sale of the Berrima Property. The Sisters thus knew they held the beneficial
interest in the BR Property on trust for Mr Hoie’s estate, but surreptitiously
sold the property and pocketed the sale proceeds. Further, the Sisters did not
apply for a grant of representation in respect of Mr Hoie’s estate and had
thus intermeddled in his estate. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

SOC at [35]; Johnny’s AEIC at [60]–[61] and [66].

34 Pat asserts that the BR Property belonged to Mdm Boey and the Sisters
absolutely, as they had each paid $250,000 towards the purchase price of
$750,000. On Mdm Boey’s demise, the BR Property vested in the Sisters by
virtue of the right of survivorship; and Mdm Boey had also in her will devised
her share of the property to the Sisters who thus became the sole owners. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defence at [3(c)] and [7(b)]; Pat’s AEIC at [29] and [38].

My decision

35 I find Johnny’s claim to be without merit.

36 First, Johnny has been unable to mount a consistent case as to who had
purchased the BR Property or beneficially owned it.

(a) He pleaded that Mr Hoie had financed the entire purchase price of the
property, and that Mdm Boey and the Sisters had at all material times regarded
Mr Hoie as the sole owner in equity. As such, the BR Property was held on
trust for Mr Hoie’s estate; and, when the property was sold, the sale proceeds
were also held on trust for his estate. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SOC at [32]–[33] and prayer (1A).

(b) However, in his AEIC, Johnny claimed the BR Property was purchased by both
Mr Hoie and Mdm Boey, and Mdm Boey was a tenant-in-common in equity of the
property. His position was therefore that Mdm Boey had a beneficial interest
in the BR Property. Strangely, in court, he claimed that he did not understand
the meaning of “tenant-in-common in equity”, although this was his assertion
on affidavit. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [22]–[23] and [36(b)]; 20/2/23 NE 61–62.

(c) In court, Johnny claimed the BR Property belonged to Mdm Boey because Mr
Hoie had gifted it to her at the time of purchase. But Johnny’s claim that Mr
Hoie had gifted the property to Mdm Boey is entirely unsubstantiated. He then
conceded that if Mr Hoie had made an inter vivos gift of the property to Mdm
Boey, it would have no longer belonged to Mr Hoie and Mr Hoie could not have
been able to devise it on his passing. Hence, the BR Property would fall
within Mdm Boey’s estate. He finally conceded that he could not make a claim
on the BR Property from Mr Hoie’s estate and instead, he claimed it under Mdm
Boey’s estate. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

20/2/23 NE 57–58, 62–64 and 72–73; 21/2/23 NE 34–35.

37 Johnny’s claim, which morphed from Mr Hoie being the 100% beneficial owner
of the BR Property, to both Parents beneficially owning the property, and
finally to Mdm Boey being the 100% beneficial owner (because Mr Hoie had
gifted the property to her), undermines his credibility. Indeed, he claimed in
court that he did not know the BR Property had been purchased in the names of
Mdm Boey and the Sisters, until around the time of the Suit. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

20/2/23 NE 64–65.

38 Second, Johnny’s assertion that Mr Hoie had financed the entire purchase of
the BR Property is unsubstantiated, but merely based on an assumption founded
on conjectures about how much money Mdm Boey and the Sisters had at that time,
and on Robert (who is now deceased) purportedly having informed Johnny that Mr
Hoie had paid for the property. Indeed, in court, he contradicted himself by
admitting that he did not know how Mr Hoie had financed the purchase of the BR
Property, although he had initially pleaded that Mr Hoie had done so with the
sale proceeds from the Berrima Property. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [59]; 20/2/23 NE 64 and 70; SOC at [32].

39 Third, Johnny’s claim that Mr Hoie had used the sale proceeds from the
Berrima Property to purchase the BR Property is but a bare assertion based on
pure speculation. Although the Berrima Property was transferred away from Mr
Hoie before the purchase price of the BR Property was paid, this does not
entail that Mr Hoie must have used the sale proceeds from the former to pay
for the latter. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

21/2/23 NE 4.

As Johnny admitted in court, he did not know how Mr Hoie had financed the
purchase of the BR Property.

40 On the contrary, Pat attested (and which I accept) that she, Lucy and Mdm
Boey decided on the purchase of the BR Property and paid the purchase price
with moneys from their own savings, income or investments, including the
proceeds from the sale of the Sisters’ own property at Himiko Court. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

22/2/23 NE 9, 18, 19, 59 and 60; Defence at [22(a)].

Pat’s account is corroborated by Judy’s testimony that Mdm Boey and the
Sisters had informed her that they had purchased the BR Property jointly, and
by Judy’s and Rosalind’s testimony that Mdm Boey had her own sources of funds
from her investments and savings. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

21/2/23 NE 58, 60, 64 and 65; 23/2/23 NE 23, 25 and 43.

Pertinently, Mdm Boey’s Will, wherein she stated that she was giving “[her]
share” of the BR Property to the Sisters, is cogent evidence that Mdm Boey had
regarded herself as a beneficial owner of the BR Property. In this regard,
Johnny’s claim that Mdm Boey and the Sisters had “regarded Mr Hoie as the sole
owner” of the property is baseless and contradicted by Pat’s testimony as well
as the contents of Mdm Boey’s Will. In the round, I find the BR Property was
purchased by Mdm Boey and the Sisters, and I accept Pat’s testimony that the
three of them had contributed equally to the purchase price.

41 Hence, Johnny’s claim for a share of the BR Property even under Mdm Boey’s
estate fails. Even assuming that Mdm Boey’s share in the BR Property was
capable of being devised under her will (given that there is a right of
survivorship vis-à-vis the Sisters who were the remaining joint tenants after
Mdm Boey’s demise), Mdm Boey had made it clear in her will that her share in
that property would be left to the Sisters. Moreover, as the registered
purchasers and owners of the BR Property, the presumption of indefeasibility
of title of the property would apply; however, Johnny has not shown how the
property was to be held on a resulting trust for Mr Hoie (Loo Chay Sit v
Estate of Loo Chay Loo, deceased [2010] 1 SLR 286 at [14]). That the Sisters
never informed Johnny when they subsequently sold the BR Property is
irrelevant as they (being the sole beneficial owners after Mdm Boey’s demise)
were entitled to dispose of it.

42 To conclude, Johnny’s claim for a share in the sale proceeds of the BR
Property is without merit. His initial claim, that the BR Property should fall
under Mr Hoie’s estate, is demolished by his own assertion that Mr Hoie could
not give away what he did not own. Even if I accept Johnny’s case that the BR
Property belonged entirely to Mdm Boey (which I do not), the fact remains that
she had bequeathed whatever share she had in it to the Sisters by her will,
which validity Johnny does not dispute.

Wing Lee and the RV Property

43 I proceed to deal with Wing Lee and the RV Property, which was held by Wing
Lee prior to its winding up.

Johnny’s case

44 I set out Johnny’s case based on his AEIC.

45 Wing Lee was founded by the Parents “with the intention that it would be a
family trust”, and that it would be a family-owned business with “all members
of the family as shareholders and participating in the management of the
business”. Although Mdm Boey purchased the RV Property around January 1965, it
was fully paid by Mr Hoie. Wing Lee’s capital was raised by injecting the
family assets in exchange for shares in the company. Hence, in July 1970, Mdm
Boey transferred the RV Property to Wing Lee for 45,000 shares. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [40]–[45].

46 As a family trust, shares were to be issued to each family member with a
view that they would participate in and benefit from the family trust. It was
“agreed and accepted” among the family members that upon the Parents’ deaths,
each of the Siblings would have an equal share in the family trust (ie, in
Wing Lee). The initial shareholders in Wing Lee were the Parents, Rosalind,
Lucy and Tang (see [6(a)] above). Over the years, the shareholding changed to
include the other Siblings, including Johnny who was issued 10,000 shares. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [44]–[49].

47 Johnny claims he had a good relationship with Mr Hoie, who gave him the
responsibility of running “the family printing business”. Hence, it was
inconceivable that he would have received only $77,000 from Mr Hoie’s estate,
and that Mr Hoie did not intend for him to have a share in the RV Property or
any other part of his estate when he passed away. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [50]–[51].

48 Johnny claims that Lucy’s and Pat’s appointments as MD and director of Wing
Lee respectively were merely for administrative reasons as the Sisters had
scant understanding of the business. In effect, the real decision-makers were
Mr Hoie and Robert. In the early 1980s, the Sisters started to control the
company and conduct its affairs without heed to the rest of the family
members, after the Parents became less involved in its day-to-day affairs.
Around 30 November 1985, the Sisters procured the resignations of the Parents
and Robert as directors; as well as the transfers of the shares owned by the
Parents, Johnny, Robert and Tang to themselves (without the transferors’
knowledge or consent); such that the Sisters became Wing Lee’s only two
shareholders and directors. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [54]–[56], [76] and [77].

49 Johnny thus claims that the Sisters had breached the trust placed on them
by the Parents, by transferring Wing Lee’s assets to themselves on Wing Lee’s
liquidation, instead of distributing the assets to all the Siblings. The
Sisters had thus breached their fiduciary duties owed to him. He claims he was
unaware that he had been issued 10,000 shares in Wing Lee, and only discovered
this during the Suit when he instructed his solicitors to conduct some
searches. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [57], [58] and [77].

Pat’s case

50 Pat’s version of events is as follows.

51 Wing Lee and Luen Wah were set up by Mr Hoie. Over the years, Mr Hoie and
Johnny did not have a good relationship, and Mr Hoie then decided that the
businesses should be run separately. Thus, Johnny became the owner of, and
managed, Luen Wah, while Wing Lee was operated and managed by the Parents and
Lucy, with Pat, Rosalind and Robert assisting. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Pat’s AEIC at [9]–[12].

52 Pat performed an administrative role in Wing Lee and assisted Lucy, who was
the main person operating Wing Lee. Lucy became the MD in 1980 and she turned
the business around to become profitable. When Lucy wanted to retire for
health reasons, none of the Siblings could take over the business. Hence, the
decision was made to wind up Wing Lee. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Pat’s AEIC at [13]–[15].

53 The RV Property was purchased by Mdm Boey and was subsequently transferred
to Wing Lee, which then operated from the RV Property. When Wing Lee was wound
up, its main asset was the RV Property, which vested in the Sisters as the
then shareholders. Pat became the sole owner of the property when Lucy passed
away and devised her share of the property to Pat. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Pat’s AEIC at [15] and [19]–[23]; AB 22–25; SOC at [7(b)] and [7(d)] read with
Defence at [4].

54 Pat asserts there was no “family trust” over Wing Lee as alleged by Johnny,
the Parents never spoke of such a trust and no one else in the family has made
such a claim. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Pat’s AEIC at [17]–[18].

Whether there was a “family trust”

55 I find that Johnny fails to show that Wing Lee was founded with the
intention that it would be a “family trust”; that all the family members would
be shareholders and participate in its management; or that it was agreed or
accepted among the family members that upon the Parents’ demise, all the
Siblings would have an equal share of the “family trust”.

56 First, Johnny’s own evidence shows there was no intention to create a
“family trust” and it is entirely ambiguous who the settlors of the purported
“trust” could have been.

(a) Johnny admitted in court that no one had told him that Wing Lee was set up
as a “family trust”, or that there was a “family trust” of Wing Lee. Instead,
he merely “assumed” there was such a “trust”. Johnny also admitted that no one
had told him that all the family members would be shareholders and participate
in the company’s management, and he again assumed as such. He came to these
assumptions only when he purportedly discovered that he had once held shares
in Wing Lee, a realisation purportedly reached long after his Parents’ demise
and after he commenced the Suit. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

21/2/23 NE 16–20.

(b) Likewise, Johnny assumed there was an agreement among the family members
that on the Parents’ demise, all the Siblings would have an equal share of the
“family trust”. In fact, he admitted there was never such an agreement. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

21/2/23 NE 24.

57 On the other hand, Judy and Rosalind have categorically stated, and which
evidence I accept, that there was no “family trust”, thus contradicting
Johnny’s assertion that everyone agreed to the purported “trust”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Judy’s AEIC at [11]; Rosalind’s AEIC at [13]–[14].

I find they have no reason to lie. On the contrary, they stood to gain by
aligning their testimony with Johnny’s by alleging a “family trust”, as they
could potentially benefit (through obtaining a share of the RV Property) if
such a trust were found to exist. Judy and Rosalind also once held shares in
Wing Lee, yet they have accepted that the RV Property belonged to the Sisters
who were the sole shareholders of Wing Lee at the time of its winding up. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Judy’s AEIC at [25]; 21/2/23 NE 106; 23/2/23 NE 56.

58 Second, quite aside from the question of the sustainability of such a claim
as a matter of trust law, Johnny’s purported “family trust” being constituted
via Wing Lee is premised on all members of the family participating in the
management of the business. He thus asserts that although Lucy and Pat were
the MD and a director of Wing Lee respectively, they were appointed for purely
administrative reasons as they had “scant understanding” of the business and
the real decision-makers were Mr Hoie and Robert. However, his assertions are
entirely unsubstantiated. It is also unclear how Johnny could assert as such,
as he never participated in the management of Wing Lee and did not have any
personal knowledge of its affairs. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

21/2/23 NE 8–9.

Indeed, whilst maintaining that Mr Hoie was the real decision-maker, Johnny
simultaneously claimed that in the early 1980s (which was around the time Lucy
was appointed as MD), the Parents became less involved in the day-to-day
affairs of Wing Lee and Mr Hoie’s health was deteriorating. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [55].

If that were the case, it is unclear how Mr Hoie would have continued to be
the key decision-maker throughout Wing Lee’s existence. It is also convenient
that Johnny has claimed that Robert was a key decision-maker in Wing Lee, when
Robert is no longer alive to tell his side of the story.

59 On the other hand, Pat’s testimony that Lucy was managing Wing Lee’s
business is supported by Judy and Rosalind. Rosalind stated that Pat, Robert
and herself were assisting in Wing Lee, which was largely managed by Lucy, and
Judy also attested to the same. Judy further stated, contrary to Johnny’s
claim, that Robert did not manage the company but was merely involved in
taking care of the delivery of goods. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Judy’s AEIC at [9]–[10]; Rosalind’s AEIC at [8]–[10]; 21/2/23 NE 113; 23/2/23
NE 18.

As Pat, Judy and Rosalind further attested, Wing Lee was wound up when Lucy
wanted to retire due to ill health and no one else could take over the
business. In fact, Judy and Rosalind had no issues with the way Wing Lee was
managed, contrary to Johnny’s allegation that the Sisters had controlled Wing
Lee and conducted its affairs “without heed to the rest of the family”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [55]; Pat’s AEIC at [15]; Judy’s AEIC at [10]; Rosalind’s
AEIC at [11]–[12]; 21/2/23 NE 83; 22/2/23 NE 31; 23/2/23 NE 42.

60 Again, I have no reason to disbelieve Judy and Rosalind. I reiterate – if
the Parents did intend that Wing Lee would be a “family trust” and that all
the family members would participate in its management, Rosalind and Judy
might stand to gain if they had aligned their evidence with Johnny’s. Further,
that Lucy managed Wing Lee’s business is supported by the fact that as early
as 1977, she was already Wing Lee’s manager, even before she became its MD in
1980. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB 85; 21/2/23 NE 115.

61 Third, Johnny’s claim that “each would have an equal share” of the “family
trust” on the Parents’ demise is not supported by the objective evidence,
which shows that Wing Lee’s shares were never issued equally to the Siblings
even whilst the Parents were alive and that shares were also issued to Tang
(the housekeeper) (see [6(a)] above). In fact, the Parents also did not, by
their wills, leave their respective estates to every Sibling in equal
proportions (see [15] and [22] above). Johnny’s further assertion that “it was
not an issue as to how many shares each of [them] held but an account be taken
whereby each family member will be given the shares to which they are
entitled” 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [44].

is perplexing, unsubstantiated by any evidence, and made merely to justify his
entitlement to a one-sixth share in Wing Lee. His assertion also highlights
the uncertainty in the terms of the purported “family trust”.

62 In sum, Johnny’s claim, that Wing Lee was a “family trust” in which all the
Siblings would have an equal share upon the Parents’ demise, is completely
baseless. Consequently, Johnny’s claim on the RV Property, premised on this
“family trust”, is not made out.

RV Property

63 I deal next with Johnny’s claim that Mr Hoie had wholly financed the
purchase of the RV Property, in Johnny’s bid to claim a one-sixth share in it.
It is not disputed that the RV Property was purchased in 1965 in Mdm Boey’s
name, and that in 1970, Mdm Boey transferred it to Wing Lee in return for
45,000 shares in Wing Lee. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AB 50, 62 and 64; Agreed LOI at [6].

64 I find that Johnny fails to prove his assertion that Mr Hoie financed its
purchase, which is based on pure conjecture. He claims that Mdm Boey was a
housewife and did not have any income, and hence, the purchase price “must
have” been fully paid by Mr Hoie. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [40].

However, Pat, Judy and Rosalind have all attested that they had been informed
by Mdm Boey that the RV Property was purchased by Mdm Boey, which I have no
reason to disbelieve. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Pat’s AEIC at [19]; 21/2/23 NE 57–58 and 100; 22/2/23 NE 69; 23/2/23 NE 23, 25
and 43.

I have also accepted that Mdm Boey had her own funds to buy property, as
attested to by Pat, Judy and Rosalind (see [40] above). Further, it makes no
sense for the RV Property to have been purchased by Mr Hoie in Mdm Boey’s name
only to then have her transfer it soon after to Wing Lee, which was a business
set up by Mr Hoie, when it could simply have been purchased in Mr Hoie’s name
if he had indeed paid for the property. Hence, I find that Mdm Boey had
purchased and paid for the RV Property.

65 In fact, Johnny’s own case as to who owned the RV Property is unclear,
which shows that he is merely speculating. He first pleaded that Mdm Boey was
the sole beneficial owner of the RV Property, which formed the premise for his
claim for a share of the rental proceeds of the property from May 2015 (after
Mdm Boey’s demise). However, he simultaneously pleaded that Pat held the RV
Property on trust for Mdm Boey’s estate and/or Mr Hoie’s estate, to assert
that Pat had dishonestly dealt with the property. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

SOC at [14(c)] and [16].

66 Even if Mr Hoie had paid for the RV Property (which I do not accept), the
property was later transferred to Wing Lee by Mdm Boey in consideration for
45,000 shares. The property thus eventually belonged to Wing Lee.

Whether the transfer of Johnny’s shares in Wing Lee were unauthorised

67 Indeed, Johnny’s claim to the RV Property, as clarified in his closing
submissions, is premised on: (a) his entitlement to the 10,000 shares he once
had in Wing Lee, which were subsequently transferred away before July 1978;
and (b) his entitlement to a portion of Mdm Boey’s shares which were
transferred to the Sisters by December 1985, and which should have been
distributed among the Siblings on her demise. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Silvester’s 2/3/23 Letter at pp 10–12, 25 and 26.

He thus claims an entitlement to the RV Property by virtue of his alleged
beneficial interest in the shares of Wing Lee. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 20 April 2023 (“PCS”) at [174] and
[176].

By his own case, Johnny accepts that the RV Property was beneficially owned by
Wing Lee as he considers it an asset of the company.

68 Johnny claims the above share transfers were made without the respective
transferor’s knowledge or consent, and he only discovered the transfers after
the commencement of the Suit. He claims the Sisters procured the share
transfers to themselves, and the resignation of the other directors, so as to
consolidate in themselves the shares in, and control, of Wing Lee, including
the ownership of the RV Property. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Silvester’s 2/3/23 Letter at pp 6–7; PCS at [113]; Johnny’s AEIC at [56] and
[76]–[80].

69 I find that Johnny fails to prove his assertion that his and Mdm Boey’s
shares were transferred from them without their respective knowledge or
consent or that he only discovered that he had once held shares in Wing Lee
long after his Parents’ demise (see [56(a)] above). On the contrary, I find
that Johnny knew he had shares in Wing Lee and they had been transferred from
him at the material time pursuant to Mr Hoie restructuring Wing Lee and Luen
Wah due to the breakdown in Mr Hoie’s relationship with Johnny.

70 The evidence supports that Mr Hoie had made a deliberate decision to
separate the two businesses such that Johnny would run Luen Wah and Lucy would
subsequently manage Wing Lee (with the help of some of the Siblings). Mr Hoie
was Luen Wah’s main owner until December 1977; and Johnny became the sole
owner (or shareholder) thereafter. Shortly after (by 21 July 1978), Johnny
ceased to hold shares in Wing Lee. He held these shares for only about two
years from June 1976, and he had even ceased to be Wing Lee’s director by
December 1976. In fact, Johnny admitted in court that Mr Hoie had given up
Luen Wah to him; that Mr Hoie allowed the other Siblings to run Wing Lee; that
he was not involved in Wing Lee’s management or business and was not
remunerated even whilst he was named a director; and that likewise, the other
Siblings were not involved in Luen Wah’s management or business. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

21/2/23 NE 8, 39–40.

71 The above is consistent with the accounts of Pat, Judy and Rosalind, who
all stated that their father had given Luen Wah to Johnny to manage, whilst
the rest of the family managed Wing Lee, because of the strained relationship
between Mr Hoie and Johnny. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Pat’s AEIC at [10]; Judy’s AEIC at [7]; Rosalind’s AEIC at [6]–[7]; 21/2/23 NE
97–98; 22/2/23 NE 45.

Pat pleaded that Mr Hoie and Johnny did not have a good relationship, and this
led to the former separating his two businesses and giving Luen Wah to Johnny.
83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defence at [15(g)]–[15(k)].

Yet, Johnny’s AEIC was bereft of any explanation to refute the reason for the
separation of the two businesses, and he merely claimed that he had shared a
“good relationship” with his father and that was why he was given the
responsibility of running “the family printing business”. However, the
uncontroverted evidence is that the “family printing business” he was given
was Luen Wah, and it was precisely because (as I have found) Mr Hoie and
Johnny did not have a good relationship.

72 Next, I find that when the shares were transferred from one person to
another, it is more likely that such transfer was done on Mr Hoie’s
instructions and that the transferors knew about and consented to them at the
material time. In any event, Johnny has not proved his assertion that it was
Pat or Lucy who had caused the share transfers without the transferor’s
knowledge or procured the resignations of the other directors.

73 Johnny’s 10,000 shares were transferred from him by 21 July 1978, and
redistributed to Mdm Boey (4,000 shares), Pat (3,000 shares) and Lucy (3,000
shares). 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Silvester’s 2/3/23 Letter at pp 10–12.

At that time, the only directors of Wing Lee were the Parents and Robert. Pat
had resigned as a director in December 1976 and Lucy was not even a director.
It is thus unlikely that either of the Sisters caused the removal of Johnny’s
directorship or shareholding in Wing Lee in 1976 or 1978 respectively, when
the Parents were still directors of Wing Lee and Lucy was not yet the MD (as
she was only appointed in 1980). Hence, Johnny’s assertion, that either Lucy
or Pat had caused his shares to be transferred out, is not borne out by the
evidence. If at all, is more likely that Mr Hoie had caused the redistribution
of the shares, which Johnny knew and agreed to at the material time, because
Mr Hoie had decided to divide the family business, such that Johnny would own
Luen Wah but relinquish his rights to Wing Lee.

74 Then, in 1980, further shares were issued to Mdm Boey, Robert, the Sisters
and Rosalind, at the time when the Parents and Robert were Wing Lee’s
directors. This brought the total shares in Wing Lee to 157,000 shares. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Silvester’s 2/3/23 Letter at p 15.

By this time, Johnny was no longer a director or shareholder of Wing Lee. By
December 1985, all the 157,000 shares were in the Sisters’ names, and they
also became the only two directors. Again, it is unlikely that the shares were
transferred without the respective transferor’s knowledge or consent.

75 Whilst Rosalind, who was the company secretary, was unable to recall how
the share transfers were effected in the 1970s and 1980s, she repeatedly
stated that she had filed documents to effect the share transfers, and that
the documents must have been signed by the transferors (including Johnny) for
the transfers to be effected. She also testified that she must have had taken
instructions from Mr Hoie in this regard. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

23/2/23 NE 32–34 and 39.

I accept Rosalind’s testimony and find her to be a truthful witness. Although
she could not now recollect many events, it must be viewed in the context that
she is 83 years old and has come to court to attest to matters that happened
over 30 to 40 years ago. I further consider it most unlikely that the then
relevant authority (ie, the Registry of Companies and Businesses) would have
accepted the registration of any share transfer without some proof of
authorisation by the transferor, although searches with the now Accounting and
Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) do not show the lodgement of such
transfer forms. However, that ACRA does not have a record of such forms which
pertain to events in the 1970s and 1980s does not mean that the forms did not
then exist. I reiterate – the events of the transfers took place over 30 to 40
years ago. Ultimately, Johnny bears the burden of proving his assertion that
all the share transfers (and particularly those pertaining to him and the
Parents) were made without the respective transferor’s knowledge or consent.
However, he has not satisfied this burden.

76 I next deal with Judy’s testimony that she did not know if she had signed
any document to transfer her shares away. Judy explained in court that she did
not know she had shares in the first place. However, she accepted how her
father had dealt with the shares in Wing Lee because none of the Siblings had
paid for the shares issued to them, and Mr Hoie had further told her that he
intended to leave his assets to the Sisters because he could trust them to
look after Mdm Boey when he passed on. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

21/2/23 NE 90–91.

I find Judy to be a forthright witness, who readily accepted the Parents’
wishes, even if she had received a smaller share of their estate compared to
some of the other Siblings. Regardless, Judy’s testimony (regarding her own
shares) does not assist Johnny’s case that Mr Hoie and Mdm Boey did not know
about or consent to the transfer of their shares in Wing Lee. On the contrary,
Rosalind attested that the Parents knew of the transfers of their respective
shares because they wanted to give their shares to the Sisters. Rosalind also
accepted her shares being transferred to the Sisters, which would have been at
Mr Hoie’s behest. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

23/2/23 NE 25–29, 35 and 36.

77 As for Pat, she knew that the shares of various family members were
eventually all transferred to her and Lucy but stated that she did not know
the reason for this. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

22/2/23 NE 31–32.

I accept that she genuinely could not recall the details of the share
allotments and how the transfers came to be, given that the events happened
over 30 years ago. She was candid in her testimony in court and did not
attempt to embellish her evidence to support her case.

78 Ultimately, the burden is on Johnny to prove his allegation that his or the
Parents’ shares in Wing Lee were transferred away, or that the Sisters had
caused these transfers to be made, without the transferors’ knowledge or
consent. I find that he has not discharged this burden. At the time his shares
were transferred out in 1978, neither of the Sisters were directors of Wing
Lee, and it was more likely than not that he knew of and consented to his
shares being transferred from him because this was the result of Mr Hoie
restructuring the family businesses to give Luen Wah to Johnny and for Johnny
to have no further share or participation in Wing Lee.

Conclusion

79 In conclusion, I find Johnny’s claim of a “family trust” in Wing Lee to be
without merit. Johnny’s claim for a one-sixth share in the RV Property based
on the purported “family trust” or based on his or the Parents’ previous
shareholdings in Wing Lee is thus not made out.

80 As Johnny has failed to show that the Sisters had caused all the shares in
Wing Lee to be transferred to themselves without the knowledge or consent of
the respective shareholders, his claim that they had breached various
fiduciary duties and thus should render an account of Mdm Boey’s estate is
also dismissed.

81 I add for completeness that upon Wing Lee’s winding up, all the shares
belonged to the Sisters and hence, the RV Property (which had belonged to Wing
Lee) would have belonged to them. On Lucy’s demise, she had by her will
devised her share in the RV Property to Pat, who thus became the sole
beneficial owner of the property. In this regard, it is undisputed that Lucy’s
will was read in Johnny’s presence in September 2020 shortly after Lucy’s
demise; Johnny also knew that Pat was the executrix of Lucy’s estate and had
obtained probate for the estate. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Johnny’s AEIC at [27]; 20/2/23 NE 48; AB 359.

Administration of Mr Hoie’s estate

82 I deal briefly with Johnny’s claim that the Sisters had intermeddled with
Mr Hoie’s estate because they had sold the BR Property without applying for a
grant of representation in relation to the estate, and they had further
pocketed the sale proceeds which should have been distributed to all the
Siblings. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

SOC at [35].

83 Johnny’s prayer for relief in relation to Mr Hoie’s estate pertains only to
the BR Property. However, I have found that Johnny has no claim over the BR
Property which never belonged to Mr Hoie in the first place. Hence, it is
unclear how else the Sisters had intermeddled with Mr Hoie’s estate or what
other properties in Mr Hoie’s estate have not been accounted for or
distributed to the beneficiaries. Pat, Judy, Rosalind and Yuet Ping have all
stated that they had no issues with Lucy’s administration of Mr Hoie’s estate,
92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Pat’s AEIC at [28]; Judy’s AEIC at [17]; Rosalind’s AEIC at [18]; Yuet Ping’s
AEIC at [10].

and in court Johnny confirmed that he was not making any other claim (apart
from a claim on the BR Property) in Mr Hoie’s estate. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

21/2/23 NE 34–35.

Administration of Mdm Boey’s estate

84 As for the administration of Mdm Boey’s estate, Johnny confirmed in court
that apart from his claim to the RV Property and the BR Property, he is not
making any other claims in relation to the estate, or asking for an account of
the estate or for the distribution of any further moneys or jewellery in the
estate. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

21/2/23 NE 36–38.

Thus, whilst the Sisters did not obtain a grant of probate in relation to Mdm
Boey’s estate, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defence at [12(b)].

this is immaterial, as I have already made my findings in relation to the RV
Property and the BR Property. Further, that the Sisters failed to obtain a
grant of probate does not by itself affect their administration of Mdm Boey’s
estate, bearing in mind that the Sisters as executrices derived title from Mdm
Boey’s Will regardless of the grant of probate (Williams, Mortimer and
Sunnucks on Executors, Administrators and Probate (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed,
2018) at 5-05).

85 That said, I am satisfied that Pat had kept a proper record in the Exercise
Book which included details of expenses pertaining to the estate, how the
beneficiaries’ respective shares were calculated, and the distributions made
to the beneficiaries; and with each beneficiary (including Johnny) signing in
the Exercise Book to acknowledge the receipt of their respective
distributions. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Pat’s AEIC at [39]–[60]; AB 236–250.

The records in the Exercise Book have not been challenged by Johnny, and Mr
Silvester (Johnny’s counsel) did not put it to Pat that the records were
inaccurate. In any event, Johnny has failed to prove that the Sisters had not
properly distributed Mdm Boey’s estate. Judy, Rosalind and Yuet Ping have all
stated they had no issues with the Sisters’ administration of the estate. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Judy’s AEIC at [21]; Yuet Ping’s AEIC at [21]; Rosalind’s AEIC at [27].

Conclusion

86 The evidence thus shows Johnny’s claims in the Suit to be without merit.

87 I have found that the BR Property never belonged to Mr Hoie and thus
Johnny’s claim of a share in its sale proceeds (under Mr Hoie’s estate) is
dismissed. I have also found that the BR Property initially belonged to Mdm
Boey and the Sisters, and that it belonged wholly to the Sisters’ on Mdm
Boey’s demise. Thus, the Sisters were entitled to all the sale proceeds when
they sold the BR Property. As for the RV Property, Johnny accepted that it
belonged to Wing Lee when it was transferred to Wing Lee (see [67] above).
There was, as I have found, no “family trust” of Wing Lee. When Wing Lee was
wound up, the Sisters, being the only shareholders, were entitled to all the
assets therein including the RV Property, which then ultimately belonged to
Pat on Lucy’s demise. Thus, Johnny’s claim to a share in the RV Property and
any rental proceeds therefrom is also dismissed. Given my findings, there is
no need to consider the defence of time bar pleaded by Pat.

88 Johnny has also clarified in court that he was not making any other claims
on the estates of the Parents (see [12], [83] and [84] above).

89 I observe that Johnny’s claims are a result of his perception that he was
not treated fairly by the Parents, in particular when Mdm Boey did not leave a
share of the BR Property to him. He even claimed that the Sisters had arranged
for Mdm Boey to execute a will under suspicious circumstances, although he did
not further pursue this claim. His claims in the Suit were made long after his
Parents had passed on, although he knew of their respective wills shortly
after their demise. To support his claims, he conveniently made various
assertions about his Parents (that they had set up a “family trust”; and that
Mdm Boey had no means to purchase the BR Property or RV Property, such that Mr
Hoie must have purchased them), about Robert (that he was the real decision-
maker in Wing Lee; and that he told Johnny that their mother and the Sisters
did not pay for the BR Property), and about Lucy (that she was merely MD of
Wing Lee in name; and that she had caused the transfer of his and the other
family members’ shares to the Sisters without their knowledge), when they were
no longer alive to reply to these assertions.

90 In contrast, although Judy and Rosalind also received less from the
Parents, they accepted the Parents’ wishes. They accepted that the Sisters
obtained a larger share of Mr Hoie’s estate because they could be trusted to
look after Mdm Boey upon Mr Hoie’s passing. It is undisputed that the Sisters
continued to live with Mdm Boey at the BR Property after Mr Hoie’s passing,
whilst Johnny never lived there or assisted in caring for Mdm Boey. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

21/2/23 NE 38–39.

It is unfortunate that Johnny has failed to see that his Parents did love him.
Mr Hoie had given Luen Wah, one of the two printing businesses, to him.

91 I thus dismiss Johnny’s claim in totality, with costs to the defendant.

Audrey Lim  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Walter Ferix Silvester and Tan Hoe Shuen (M/s Silvester Legal LLC) for the
plaintiff;

Ee Hock Hoe Adrian and Chew Yun Ping, Joanne (M/s Ramdas & Wong) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Jun 2023 (11:32 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

