Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 26

Originating Claim No 135 of 2022

(Registrar’s Appeal No 340 of 2022)

Between

Tsudakoma Corp

… Claimant

And

Global Trade Well Pte Ltd

… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Stay of proceedings]

[Conflict Of Laws — Choice of jurisdiction — Exclusive]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tsudakoma Corp

  
v

  

Global Trade Well Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 26

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 135 of 2022

(Registrar’s Appeal No 340 of 2022)  
Choo Han Teck J  
27 January 2023

3 February 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal against an order dismissing the application in HC/SUM
3436/2022 for a stay of proceedings in Singapore. The appellant, Global Trade
Well Pte Ltd (“GTW”), is the defendant in this action. It is a company
incorporated in Singapore and carries on the business of international
commodity trading. Tsudakoma Corp (“Tsudakoma”) is the respondent (claimant).
It is a company incorporated in Japan, engaged in the business of
manufacturing textile machines and related parts.

2 In 2017, Parties entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (the “2017 MOU”)
where it was agreed that GTW would be appointed as a Dealer for certain
products manufactured by Tsudakoma. When the 2017 MOU expired in 2018, they
signed another Memorandum of Understanding (the “2018 MOU”). The 2018 MOU in
effect extended the 2017 MOU and GTW’s appointment as Tsudakoma’s dealer for
certain specified products. The relevant term in the 2018 MOU reads as
follows:

“It is agreed between the parties that the company shall appoint Global Trade
Well Pte Ltd as one of the Dealer for the products manufactured by the company
I e Air jet looms and Preparatory m /cs for specialised applications to weave
very heavy fabrics including industrial fabrics and the said Global Trade Well
Pte Ltd have agreed to act as the Dealer for the company up to March 31st
2022, keeping all the terms and conditions of agreement as same as previous
MOU.”

3 Essentially, the terms of the 2017 MOU were incorporated by reference into
the 2018 MOU. The relevant clause in this appeal is Clause (v) of the 2017 MOU
under the section with the heading “The parties hereto hereby agree as
under…”, which GTW says is an exclusive jurisdiction clause (the “Alleged
EJC”). Clause (v) reads:

“That the sole and exclusive jurisdiction to decide the issues in dispute
between the parties the parties hereto will be Japan.”

4 Subsequently, sales of the relevant products were made by Tsudakoma to GTW
on three separate occasions as envisioned by the 2018 MOU. For each of these
three sales, Tsudakoma would issue a Proforma Invoice to GTW and GTW would
then cause a corresponding Letter of Credit (“LC”) to be issued in accordance
with the Proforma Invoice. The Proforma Invoice contained terms relating to,
inter alia, the mode of payment, conditions to be included in the LC, and an
itemised inventory of products sold. The Proforma Invoice also contained an
appendix with terms pertaining to product warranty, provision of technical
service, safety instructions and certain cautions when operating the sold
products.

5 All three of the LCs issued by GTW to Tsudakoma as payment for the sales
were void. Consequently, GTW sent a letter to Tsudakoma dated 29 September
2021 (the “29 September Letter”). The letter contained six key sections – the
total pending payment, payment terms, payment amount and due date, Tsudakoma’s
bank details, GTW’s bank details and other conditions. The introduction of the
29 September Letter reads:

GLOBAL TRADE WELL PTE LTD hereby confirm and settle for the pending payment
with interest on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth:

6 As GTW still did not pay, Tsudakoma commenced HC/OC 135/2022 to recover the
unpaid amount. Tsudakoma’s case in its statement of claim was that the 29
September Letter constituted a settlement agreement which GTW had breached,
thereby entitling Tsudakoma to damages arising from breach of contract. GTW
pleaded the Alleged EJC in its defence, taking the position that the High
Court did not have jurisdiction. GTW did not file a defence on the merits to
avoid being taken to have submitted to jurisdiction. GTW then commenced HC/SUM
3436/2022, for a stay of proceedings on the basis of the Alleged EJC, and
forum non conveniens. GTW’s application was dismissed. GTW appeals only on the
Alleged EJC and has abandoned its forum non conveniens argument.

7 Both parties referred me to Vinmar Overseas (Singapore) Pte Ltd v PTT
International Trading Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 1271 (“Vinmar”) which concerned a
stay application based on an exclusive jurisdiction clause. Parties accepted
that GTW bears the burden of showing a good arguable case that the Alleged EJC
governs the dispute. If GTW succeeds, the burden shifts to Tsudakoma to show
strong cause to refuse a stay.

8 Preliminarily, Tsudakoma argues that there cannot be a good arguable case
because the Alleged EJC itself is not applicable. Counsel for Tsudakoma made
three submissions. First, the Alleged EJC is of no legal effect because the
2018 MOU was not a legally binding contract. Second, the Alleged EJC is too
vague to be of any effect. Lastly, the 29 September Letter constituted a
settlement agreement which did not incorporate the Alleged EJC. I do not agree
with counsel for Tsudakoma.

9 First, I am of the view that the 2018 MOU applies. Tsudakoma’s counsel
referred me to numerous authorities where the memoranda of understanding were
found to be of no legal effect and invited me to conclude the same about the
2018 MOU. He submitted that the parties never intended to create legal
relations and that the 2018 MOU was entered into subject to contract — that
final contract being the Proforma Invoices which counsel says is sufficient to
constitute a contract.

10 I do not think that those authorities assist counsel. Of all the documents
in the parties’ affidavits, the 2018 MOU was the only document with both
parties’ signatures — it was the most formal of any agreement between parties.
Formalities aside, one must ask what in substance the 2018 MOU was for — and
one need only look to the first term after the recitals for the answer. The
2018 MOU appointed GTW as a dealer of Tsudakoma. I do not quite see how a
clear intention to appoint GTW as a dealer of Tsudakoma can be said to be
devoid of any intention to create legal relations. Furthermore, if the 2018
MOU was truly subject to contract, being the forerunner of a dealership
agreement to come, where is that subsequent formal dealership agreement?
Tsudakoma produced no such agreement. Instead, it points to the Proforma
Invoices, which I accept are evidence of contracts for the sale of certain
products. But they are not the dealership agreement. Rather, the fact that
Tsudakoma issued those Proforma Invoices is evidence that they recognise GTW
as an appointed dealer — which can only mean that the 2018 MOU was the
dealership agreement under which these sales were made. Clause (v) of the 2017
MOU, under the section “The Dealer hereby covenant”, provides precisely that
“[Tsudakoma] will be entitled to issue reasonable directions and instructions
to [GTW] relating to the sale of [Tsudakoma’s] product …”. In my view, not
only did the 2018 MOU constitute a binding contract, it was the document that
formed the basis of the entire business relationship between GTW and
Tsudakoma.

11 I also do not accept the argument that the Alleged EJC was too vague to be
given effect to. Counsel for Tsudakoma says that the lack of a stipulated
forum is fatal to the validity of the Alleged EJC because it is “far too
ambiguous” and thereby inoperable. I disagree. The Alleged EJC is clear:
whether parties eventually go to arbitration or court, or whether they choose
to litigate in Tokyo or Osaka is immaterial. The Alleged EJC operates to
ensure parties resolve any dispute arising in relation to this dealership
agreement in Japan, and nowhere else. This is relevant because a stay
application is concerned with the question of whether the Singapore
proceedings should proceed, and not just which forum parties should resolve
their dispute. Notably, the MOU bears the letterhead of Tsudakoma. It was
argued by GTW, and not rebutted, that Tsudakoma drafted the MOU. It should not
lie now in the mouth of Tsudakoma to assert that the term should not be
enforced.

12 Finally, Tsudakoma argues that the 29 September Letter constitutes a
settlement agreement which it now sues under. Counsel for Tsudakoma says that
the Alleged EJC, even if in existence, was not incorporated into the aforesaid
settlement agreement which Tsudakoma now sues under. I do not see how the 29
September Letter constitutes a settlement agreement. The mere fact that the
word “settle” appears in the letter does not make a document a settlement
agreement. At the hearing, I asked counsel for Tsudakoma whether the 29
September letter was evidence of a settlement (which perhaps was entered into
orally) and subsequently confirmed in writing instead of being the actual
settlement agreement itself. Counsel emphatically pointed to the 29 September
Letter and said that “this was it” (referring to the 29 September Letter as
the settlement agreement). The 29 September Letter at best constitutes an
acknowledgment of debt owed by GTW, and a variation to the terms of payment
contained within the Proforma Invoices. Insofar as it was a recurring theme in
submissions that clauses and documents did not look as they should, it is
ironic that counsel for Tsudakoma previously argued that the Alleged EJC looks
nothing like a boilerplate EJC (see above at [11]), but now invites me to hold
that a mere letter varying the terms of payment constitutes a full-fledged
settlement agreement which extinguishes all other claims accruing before it.

13 The question remains whether there is a good arguable case that it would
apply to the dispute in question. As the 29 September Letter, in my view, is
not a settlement agreement but a variation to the Proforma Invoices, it means
that the question is whether the Alleged EJC applies to the disputes arising
out of the Proforma Invoices in question.

14 Although the Proforma Invoices do not include an express term concerning
the Alleged EJC, I accept that it has been incorporated by course of dealing
(see Vinmar at [53]-[58]). Flowing from my finding above that the 2018 MOU
governs the business relationship between the parties in relation to the sale
of the stipulated products, the higher threshold for the incorporation by
course of dealing of the Alleged EJC as part of the Proforma Invoice is met.
All three sales of Tsudakoma’s products took place within the validity period
of the 2018 MOU, and these products were the products envisioned in the 2018
MOU. A reasonable man looking at the 2018 MOU as a dealership agreement, and
the Proforma Invoices as the sales contract pursuant to that dealership
agreement would accept that the Alleged EJC should apply to any dispute
arising out of the Proforma Invoices.

15 I thus find that a good arguable case exists that the Alleged EJC applies
to the Proforma Invoices and now consider if there is strong cause to refuse a
stay. Of the relevant factors (Vinmar at [112]), Tsudakoma singles out abuse
of process and says that GTW is acting abusively in applying for a stay
because GTW’s affidavit dated 15 September 2022 admits every material
allegation in Tsudakoma’s statement of claim. Tsudakoma therefore says that
there is no dispute in this case, and that this case is identical to the
hypothetical example of abuse of process given by the Court of Appeal in
Vinmar (at [131]):

“One example that we raised during the hearing was that of an applicant who
has clearly admitted to the claim as regards both liability and quantum, but
seeks a stay for no reason other than its alleged inability to pay”

[emphasis in original]

16 Even if I were to accept that GTW’s affidavit admits to every material
particular in its statement of claim, GTW would have at best only admitted to
non-payment and a prima facie breach of contract. It cannot be taken to have
admitted on final liability, simply because it has not even filed a defence on
the merits. Thus, I am not satisfied that GTW’s conduct meets the threshold
required for abusive conduct (Vinmar at [131]).

17 Furthermore, the merits of the defence is no longer a relevant factor when
showing strong cause to refuse a stay application (Vinmar at [113(a)]). This
is because an exclusive jurisdiction clause such as the Alleged EJC
“express[es], at the time of contracting, a desire for trial in the agreed
forum, regardless of the merits of the disputes that may arise” (Vinmar at
[121]). Thus, the appropriate court is the one in Japan.

18 Since I reject Tsudakoma’s only argued ground of abusive conduct, Tsudakoma
has accordingly not discharged its burden to show strong cause for refusing
the stay. Accordingly, I allow the appeal and grant a stay of the Singapore
proceedings.

19 I will hear parties on costs at a later date.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  

Lim Ying Sin Daniel (Joyce A. Tan & Partners LLC) for the claimant;  
Prakaash s/o Paniar Silvam, Levin Lin Lok Yan and Esther Yong (Oon & Bazul
LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 03 Feb 2023 (17:47 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

