Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC(A) 22

Civil Appeal No 4 of 2023

Between

Zhang Lan  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Group Holdings Limited  
---  
  
… Respondent

Civil Appeal No 5 of 2023|  
---|---  
  
Between

Zhang Lan  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Company Limited  
---  
  
… Respondent

Civil Appeal No 6 of 2023|  
---|---  
  
Between

Success Elegant Trading Limited  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Company Limited  
---  
  
… Respondent

Civil Appeal No 7 of 2023|  
---|---  
  
Between

Success Elegant Trading Limited  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Group Holdings Limited  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Summons No 1139/2020 (Summons No 2703 of 2021)

Between

| La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Company Limited  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Zhang Lan  
---|---  
(2)| Grand Lan Holdings Group (BVI) Limited  
(3)| Qiao Jiang Lan Development Limited  
(4)| Success Elegant Trading Limited  
  
… Defendants

In the matter of Originating Summons No 1140/2020 (Summons No 2704 of 2021)

Between

| La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Group Holdings Limited  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Zhang Lan  
---|---  
(2)| Grand Lan Holdings Group (BVI) Limited  
(3)| Success Elegant Trading Limited  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Judgments and orders — Enforcement — Equitable

execution — Appointment of receivers]

[Trusts — Resulting trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Zhang Lan

  
v

  

La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Group Holdings Ltd and other appeals

  

[2023] SGHC(A) 22

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal Nos 4 to 7 of 2023  
Woo Bih Li JAD and Aedit Abdullah J  
27 March 2023

27 June 2023

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 AD/CA 4/2023, AD/CA 5/2023, AD/CA 6/2023 and AD/CA 7/2023 (“AD 4” to “AD 7”,
respectively) are appeals against the decision of the General Division in
HC/SUM 2703/2021 (“SUM 2703”) and HC/SUM 2704/2021 (“SUM 2704”; collectively
referred to as “SUMs 2703 and 2704”).

2 The present dispute arises from a sale and purchase agreement for shares
dated 10 August 2013 (the “SPA”) between La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Company
Limited (“LDV”), La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Group Holdings Limited (“LDV
Group”), and Mdm Zhang Lan (“Mdm Zhang”) (amongst other parties). LDV Group
wholly owns LDV. Under the SPA, the LDV and LDV Group (collectively, the “LDV
Entities”) acquired 86.2% of South Beauty Investment Company Limited (“SBIC”),
a company owned by Mdm Zhang. SBIC was the holding company of the well-known
‘South Beauty’ restaurant chain that Mdm Zhang had founded and developed.

3 After the SPA was complete, SBIC experienced a decline in its financial
performance. Following internal investigations into the matter, the LDV
Entities each commenced arbitration in the China International Economic and
Trade Arbitration Commission (“CIETAC”) against Mdm Zhang, claiming that Mdm
Zhang had made fraudulent and negligent representations in connection with the
SPA. The CIETAC found for the LDV Entities in their claim for negligent
representation (the “Arbitral Awards”). The LDV Entities then obtained
judgments in Hong Kong recognising the Arbitral Awards (the “HK Judgments”).

4 Following this, the LDV Entities successfully registered the HK Judgments in
Singapore (the “SG Registration Order”). LDV and LDV Group then respectively
filed SUMs 2703 and 2704 against Mdm Zhang in a bid to enforce the SG
Registration Order. SUMs 2703 and 2704 were applications for the appointment
of receivers over the bank accounts of Success Elegant Trading Limited
(“SETL”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands pursuant to a
trust arrangement established under Mdm Zhang’s instructions. SETL was later
added as a defendant in SUMs 2703 and 2704. The central issue before the High
Court judge (the “Judge”) in SUMs 2703 and 2704 was whether the moneys in the
bank accounts of SETL (the “Bank Accounts”) were beneficially owned by Mdm
Zhang. The Judge held in the affirmative: see La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Co Ltd
v Zhang Lan and others and another matter [2022] SGHC 278 (the “HC Judgment”).
Accordingly, he appointed the receivers over the Bank Accounts.

5 Dissatisfied, Mdm Zhang filed AD 4 against LDV Group and AD 5 against LDV,
which are appeals against SUM 2704 and SUM 2703 respectively. SETL also
appealed against the Judge’s decision, filing AD 6 against LDV and AD 7
against LDV Group. AD 6 and AD 7 are appeals against SUMs 2703 and 2704
respectively. In these appeals, the issue of the beneficial ownership of the
moneys in SETL’s Bank Accounts (the “Assets”) remains the main bone of
contention between the various parties. In our judgment, and for reasons that
will be explained below, the Judge did not err in finding that Mdm Zhang was
the beneficial owner of the Assets. In light of this, we affirm his decision
in SUMs 2703 and 2704.

Background

6 We begin our judgment by setting out the necessary background. The genesis
of the dispute between the parties stretches back to around May 2012, when the
international private equity and investment firm CVC Capital Partners (“CVC”)
approached Mdm Zhang to discuss the acquisition of the well-known ‘South
Beauty’ restaurant chain she had founded and developed. These discussions
culminated in the SPA dated 10 August 2013. The parties to the SPA were the
LDV Entities (which were subsidiaries of CVC incorporated for the purpose of
the acquisition), Mdm Zhang, and other companies ultimately owned by Mdm Zhang
(the “BVI Companies”).

7 Under the SPA, the LDV Entities would acquire 86.2% of the shares in SBIC,
the ultimate holding company for the South Beauty restaurant chain. In
exchange, a total of US$286,850,887 was paid over three tranches to Mdm Zhang
between 16 December 2013 and 13 June 2014. The bulk of this purchase price was
paid into Mdm Zhang’s Safra Sarasin bank account in Hong Kong (the “SS
Account”).

8 Prior to and amidst these transfers, Mdm Zhang sought advice from one Ms
Xiao Yanming (“Ms Xiao”), the chairman and CEO of an asset management company
known as Cornucopiae Asset Management Ltd (“CAM”) on the setting up of a
family trust for the benefit of her son, Mr Wang Xiaofei (“Mr Wang”). The
first step of the trust arrangement was the incorporation of SETL in the
British Virgin Islands on 2 January 2014, with Mdm Zhang being the owner of
the sole share in SETL and its director. From February to March 2014, Mdm
Zhang set up bank accounts with Credit Suisse AG Bank (“CS”) and Deutsche Bank
AG (“DB”) both in Singapore under SETL’s name. From 10 March 2014 to 21 July
2014, US$142,051,618 in cash and securities was transferred from Mdm Zhang’s
SS Account to SETL’s bank account with CS (the “CS Account”). US$85,225,000
was also transferred from the CS Account to SETL’s DB bank account (the “DB
Account”) between 27 March 2014 and 27 November 2014. On 3 June 2014, a
Declaration of Trust was executed over the sum of US$10 in favour of “Wang
Xiaofei and his children and remoter issue” (the “Declaration of Trust”), with
Asiatrust Limited (“Asiatrust”), a company that provides professional trustee
services, named as the trustee. This trust was referred to as the “Success
Elegant Trust”. The following day, Mdm Zhang executed a Deed of Addition of
Assets (the “Deed of Addition”), in which the sole share in SETL was
transferred from Mdm Zhang to Asiatrust. The Declaration of Trust and Deed of
Addition are collectively referred to as the “Trust Documents”.

9 Some months after the LDV Entities’ acquisition of SBIC was complete, SBIC
began experiencing a significant decline in its financial performance. After
conducting internal investigations, the LDV Entities decided to take legal
action against Mdm Zhang and the BVI Companies. On 26 February 2015, the LDV
Entities sought injunctive relief against Mdm Zhang and the BVI Companies in
the Hong Kong Court of First Instance (“HKCFI”). This included an injunction
to restrain them from disposing of any of their assets whether within or
outside Hong Kong. Mimmie Chan J granted the injunction on an urgent basis on
26 February 2015 (the “HK Freezing Orders”). The LDV Entities also filed HC/OS
178/2015 (“OS 178”) and HC/OS 180/2015 (“OS 180”), seeking freezing orders
over Mdm Zhang’s assets in Singapore. OS 178 and OS 180 were granted on 2
March 2015 (the “SG Freezing Orders”). Upon receiving notice from the LDV
Entities of the SG Freezing Orders, the respective banks froze the CS Account
and DB Account.

10 On 5 March 2015, the LDV Entities commenced the CIETAC arbitration
(mentioned at [3] above) and obtained the Arbitral Awards on 28 April 2019.
While Mdm Zhang applied to set aside these awards before the China
International Commercial Court and in Hong Kong, those applications were
dismissed. The Arbitral Awards were successfully enforced in Hong Kong (ie, in
the HK Judgments). The LDV Entities then filed HC/OS 1139/2020 and HC/OS
1140/2020 (“OS 1139 & 1140”), which were the LDV Entities’ applications for
leave to register the HK Judgments in Singapore pursuant to s 4 of the
Reciprocal Enforcement of Foreign Judgments Act (Cap 265, 2001 Rev Ed). The
Singapore High Court allowed OS 1139 & 1140 on 11 November 2020.

11 SUMs 2703 and 2704 were then filed on 9 June 2021, and SETL was added as a
defendant to the action on 16 September 2021. In SUMs 2703 and 2704, the LDV
Entities sought the appointment of receivers nominated by the LDV Entities to
“receive the monies and securities in respect of the interest of [Mdm Zhang]
in … the monies and securities in [the Bank Accounts], in or towards
satisfaction of the monies and interest due to the [LDV Entities] under the
[SG Registration Order]”. This application was motivated by the fact that SETL
was the legal owner of the Bank Accounts, thus precluding the LDV Entities
from availing themselves of the various modes of legal execution such as a
writ of seizure and sale.

12 The LDV Entities took the position that Mdm Zhang was the beneficial owner
of the moneys in the Bank Accounts. In support of this, the LDV Entities
relied on the following evidence:

(a) bank documents filed with CS and DB which identified Mdm Zhang as
beneficial owner of the Bank Accounts, such as the form completed by Mdm Zhang
for the opening of the CS Account dated 11 February 2014 (the “CS Account
Opening Form”) and a Client Investment Risk Profile Form dated 7 March 2014
with DB (the “DB Risk Profile Form”);

(b) that CS and DB themselves considered that the Bank Accounts fell within
the scope of the SG Freezing orders despite these orders only being directed
at Mdm Zhang;

(c) A letter dated 6 March 2015 by Mdm Zhang’s then-solicitors Reed Smith
Richards Butler (“Reed Smith”) to DB’s solicitors which stated that Mdm Zhang
“maintains” the DB Account (the “6 March 2015 Letter”);

(d) that SETL took no action to correct the documents listed in subparagraph
(a) above, nor any action to set aside the SG Freezing Orders for seven years;

(e) that Mdm Zhang directed the transfer of around US$32.3m from the CS
Account and US$35,832,587 from the DB account to herself or to Mr Wang. This
was after she had divested her share in SETL to Asiatrust on 4 June 2014; and

(f) that Mdm Zhang also gave urgent instructions to DB to make transfers out
of the DB Account (amounting to US$35,832,587) to various entities one day
after receiving notice of the HK Freezing Orders.

The Judge’s decision

13 SUMs 2703 and 2704 were heard before the Judge in chambers on 28 and 29
September 2021, with the parties electing not to cross-examine the various
deponents on their affidavit evidence. The Judge issued the HC Judgment on 2
November 2022. The key factual issue before him was whether Mdm Zhang
beneficially owned the moneys in the Bank Accounts: HC Judgment at [33(b)].

14 The Judge held that Mdm Zhang beneficially owned the Assets: HC Judgment at
[54]. In particular, the Judge found that:

(a) Mdm Zhang was motivated by a desire to protect her funds from potential
claims by the LDV Entities without giving up her ability to make use of those
funds for her own benefit (HC Judgment at [54]). This was evident from the
fact that Mdm Zhang had transferred moneys from the Bank Accounts for her own
purposes prior to the HK Freezing Orders and SG Freezing Orders. Further, Mdm
Zhang transferred moneys out of the DB Account in haste after receiving notice
of the HK Freezing Orders.

(b) As her solicitor, Reed Smith acted as Mdm Zhang’s agent. They had
confirmed on Mdm Zhang’s behalf in the 6 March 2015 Letter that Mdm Zhang
“maintains” the DB Account. The Judge found that this was an admission that
the account was Mdm Zhang’s under ss 17 and 18 of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020
Rev Ed) (“EA”) (HC Judgment at [54(c)] and [56]).

(c) SETL sought to rely on two Certificates of Foreign Status of Beneficial
Owner for United States Tax Withholding and Reporting (“W-8BEN Forms”) dated
11 February 2014, which were submitted by SETL to CS in the course of setting
up the CS Account. The W-8BEN Forms identify SETL as the beneficial owner of
the income in the CS Account. However, in the Judge’s view, the evidential
value of the W-8BEN Forms was outweighed by the rest of the evidence (HC
Judgment at [55]).

15 The Judge held that it was just and convenient for the receivership orders
to be made. This was so for three reasons: first, moneys in bank accounts are
property amenable to execution at law if the accounts were in the name of the
judgment debtor. Secondly, in the circumstances, the use of execution
processes at law such as a garnishee order was not available to the LDV
Entities in relation to the Bank Accounts as they were in SETL’s name.
Thirdly, the appointment of receivers for the equitable execution over the
Bank Accounts will facilitate a cost-effective and convenient means to satisfy
the judgments: HC Judgment at [58].

16 On 25 January 2023, Mdm Zhang filed AD 4 against LDV Group and AD 5 against
LDV, appealing against the Judge’s decision in SUM 2704 and SUM 2703
respectively. The next day, SETL filed AD 6 against LDV and AD 7 against LDV
Group, which were appeals against SUMs 2703 and 2704 respectively.

Parties’ Cases

LDV Entities’ case

17 The LDV Entities’ case is largely similar to that in the hearing below.
Relying on the items of evidence set out at [12] above, the LDV Entities argue
that the Judge was correct to find that Mdm Zhang intended to retain
beneficial ownership of the Assets. The LDV Entities also aver that it would
be just and convenient to appoint receivers over the moneys and securities in
the Bank Accounts since ‘traditional’ modes of legal execution were not
available to them, and because they would otherwise be deprived of the fruits
of the Arbitral Awards.

Mdm Zhang’s case

18 Mdm Zhang argues that the Judge had erred in framing the issue as whether
she had retained beneficial interest in the Assets. In her view, the proper
question was whether the moneys were settled into an express trust (the
Success Elegant Trust) for the benefit of her son and his issue.

19 To this, Mdm Zhang submits that the “objective and unchallenged” evidence
shows that she intended to divest herself of the beneficial interest in the
Assets for the benefit of her son and his issue. Upon the execution of the
Trust Documents, Asiatrust’s conscience was engaged in relation to the shares
and assets in SETL, including any assets vested by Mdm Zhang in the SETL after
4 June 2014. She also highlights in support the following: (a) that she was
advised by Ms Xiao of CAM on the setting up of a family trust for the benefit
of her son; (b) that, in accordance with Ms Xiao’s advice, she had taken steps
to constitute the Success Elegant Trust (one year before the freezing
injunctions were obtained and the CIETAC arbitrations were commenced); and (c)
the findings of Chan J in La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Company Limited v Zhang
Lan [2018] HKCFI 548 (“La Dolce Vita (HK)”), which arose from an application
by the LDV Entities to commit Mdm Zhang for breaching the HK Freezing Orders
amongst other things. Chan J had found in La Dolce Vita (HK) that it was not
shown beyond a reasonable doubt that Mdm Zhang beneficially owned the Assets.
Mdm Zhang also avers that any bank documentation that continued to indicate
that she was the beneficial owner of the Bank Accounts was attributable to
administrative delays. In relation to the various transfers that Mdm Zhang
directed after the constitution of the Success Elegant Trust, Mdm Zhang’s
evidence is that these were for the benefit of her son. She submits in any
case that the exercise of practical control over the Bank Accounts cannot
“retrospectively erase a valid settlement of the moneys under the [Success
Elegant Trust]”.

20 Finally, Mdm Zhang argues that as she is not the beneficial owner of the
Assets, there are no grounds for the appointment of a receiver.

SETL’s case

21 Similar to its case below, SETL’s case is that Mdm Zhang’s intention was to
part with ownership of the assets held in the Bank Accounts absolutely so that
the Success Elegant Trust could be set up. It argues that, from the available
evidence, Mdm Zhang either intended to transfer the Assets absolutely to SETL
or, in the alternative, to transfer the Assets beneficially to Mr Wang and his
issue in terms of the Trust Documents. The following items of evidence,
amongst others, were highlighted:

(a) the Trust Documents themselves, which SETL avers evinces Mdm Zhang’s
intention to divest herself of the beneficial interest in the Assets;

(b) the W-8BEN Forms, which indicate that SETL was the beneficial owner of the
income of the CS Account;

(c) in relation to the 6 March 2015 Letter, that Reed Smith later clarified in
a letter dated 15 April 2015 to DB that Mdm Zhang “does not have any
beneficial ownership interest in [SETL] and/or the [DB Account]” (“the 15
April 2015 Letter”).

22 As such, SETL submits that it is the absolute owner of the Assets and there
is no ground for the appointment of a receiver.

Issue

23 The key issue before us was whether the Judge erred in finding that Mdm
Zhang remained the beneficial owner of the Assets after 4 June 2014. We add
that neither Mdm Zhang nor SETL seriously contested the Judge’s determination
that it was just and convenient for receivers to be appointed over the Bank
Accounts should Mdm Zhang be found to be the beneficial owner of the Assets.

24 Before setting out our determination on these issues, we address a
preliminary issue that arose in the course of these proceedings – whether the
appellants required permission to appeal against the HC Judgment. This issue
was raised in a case management conference which took place on 8 February
2023, with all parties (including the LDV Entities) taking the position in a
joint letter to the Registrar dated 15 February 2023 that permission to appeal
was not necessary.

Decision

Permission to appeal

25 Under para 3(l) of the Fifth Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), the permission of the appellate court is
required to appeal against a decision of the General Division where a judge
makes an order at the hearing of any interlocutory application (other than an
application for certain matters set out under para 3(l) which are not
applicable to the present proceedings).

26 The meanings of the words “order” and “interlocutory application” in para
3(l) of the Fifth Schedule of the SCJA were settled by the Court of Appeal in
Telecom Credit Inc v Midas United Group Ltd [2019] 1 SLR 131 (“Telecom
Credit”). In Telecom Credit, addressing the equivalent provision under para
(e) of the Fifth Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed), Prakash JA held that an “order” referred to an “interlocutory
order”, which in turn refers to an order that “does not finally dispose of the
rights of the parties”: Telecom Credit at [19]. Further, an “interlocutory
application” refers to “an application whose determination may or may not
finally determine the parties’ rights in the cause of the pending proceedings
in which the application is being brought” [emphasis added]: Telecom Credit at
[26]. The purpose of the statutory scheme regarding the right to appeal is
that “an appeal to the Court of Appeal will generally be as of right for
orders made at interlocutory applications which have the effect of finally
disposing of the substantive rights of the parties”: OpenNet Pte Ltd v Info-
communications Development Authority of Singapore [2013] 2 SLR 880 at [18].

27 Turning to the present facts, the Judge was of the view that the power of
the court to appoint receivers by way of equitable execution was founded on s
4(10) of the Civil Law Act 1909 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CLA”). Section 4(10) of the
CLA provides that:

Injunctions and receivers granted or appointed by interlocutory orders

(10) A Mandatory Order or an injunction may be granted or a receiver appointed
by an interlocutory order of the court, either unconditionally or upon such
terms and conditions as the court thinks just, in all cases in which it
appears to the court to be just or convenient that such order should be made.

[emphasis added in italics]

28 Notably, s 4(10) of the CLA describes such an order for the appointment of
a receiver as “an interlocutory order of the court”. On a plain reading of the
provision, therefore, it would appear that if an order to appoint receivers
were indeed made under s 4(10), such an order is an “interlocutory order” of
the court which then requires permission before an appeal can be made. On that
view, as the appellants had not applied for permission to appeal before the
filing of the present appeals, the appeals would have been dismissed for want
of permission.

29 A brief perusal of the legislative history behind s 4(10) of the CLA
affirms the plain reading of the provision that the order is an interlocutory
one. Section 4(10) has its roots in s 25(8) of the UK Supreme Court of
Judicature Act 1873 (c 66) (UK) (the “1873 Act”). The 1873 Act, in turn,
sought to codify extant equitable rules pursuant to the fusion of the courts
of law and equity. In this regard, it has been recognised that the equitable
power to appoint a receiver is “a discretionary power exercised by the court …
[which] is provisional only for the more speedy getting in of a party’s
estate, and securing it for the benefit of such person who shall appear to be
entitled ...” [emphasis added] (Skip v Harwood (1747) 3 Atk 564). Turning then
to more recent expressions of the power under s 4(10) of the CLA, in Lee Kuan
Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another and other suits [1997] 1 SLR(R) 328 (“Lee
Kuan Yew”), Lai Kew Chai J observed at [8] that the purpose of the appointment
of receivers under s 4(8) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43) (which is in pari
materia to s 4(10) of the CLA) is “to preserve the asset or to prevent any
dissipation of any asset of the defendant who may thereby make the asset
judgment proof”. In this vein, the receiver’s role is “the identification,
collection and protection or preservation of property which he must hold to
abide by the outcome of the action in which he is appointed” (Lee Kuan Yew at
[7]). Claimants seeking to rely on this preservatory power of the court need
not “have a proprietary claim or any right over the asset over which a
receiver is appointed” [emphasis added] (Lee Kuan Yew at [8]). In other words,
the nature of s 4(10) is properly interlocutory in the sense that it may be
exercised pending the final determination of the parties’ rights.

30 However, there was another provision on the appointment of receivers. This
pertained to the court’s power to appoint a receiver by way of equitable
execution based on a different statutory basis, ie, O 51 r 1(1) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”), which provides that:

RECEIVERS: EQUITABLE EXECUTION

Appointment of receivers by way of equitable execution (O. 51, r. 1)

1.—(1) Where an application is made for the appointment of a receiver by way
of equitable execution, the Court in determining whether it is just or
convenient that the appointment should be made shall have regard to the amount
claimed by the judgment creditor, to the amount likely to be obtained by the
receiver and to the probable costs of his appointment and may direct an
inquiry on any of these matters or any other matter before making the
appointment.

[emphasis added]

31 Paragraph 51/1/1 of Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 vol 1 (Cavinder Bull gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) describes O 51 r 1(1) of the ROC 2014 as “a form
of equitable relief to enforce a judgment debt where recovery by the more
usual processes of execution or attachment of debts is impracticable”. In
similar terms, G P Selvam J in Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another
[1999] 1 SLR(R) 533 observed at [15] that:

… There are various interests in property to which a judgment debtor may be
entitled, yet which cannot be taken in execution under the usual form of
execution. Equitable interests in property held in the name of someone else is
an example of proprietary interests which are not amenable to legal execution.
Appointment of a receiver by way of equitable execution of equitable interests
in property was conceived by the Court of Chancery to reach such interest. …

[emphasis added]

32 We observe that the exercise of the power under O 51 r 1(1) of the ROC 2014
appears to be situated at the point of the proceedings where the substantive
rights of the parties have already been determined, and where equitable relief
is necessary in order for the judgment creditor to attain the fruits of the
court’s determination on the merits. This is as opposed to the exercise of the
power under s 4(10) of the CLA for preservatory purposes.

33 As such, it appears to us that the nature of the court’s power to appoint a
receiver under s 4(10) of the CLA takes on a different complexion from that
envisaged in O 51 r 1(1) of the ROC 2014. Given the nature of the application
before the Judge, we are of the view that O 51 r 1(1) of the ROC 2014, rather
than s 4(10) of the CLA, was the proper statutory basis for his orders.

34 In any event, we respectfully disagree with the Judge’s observation that
“[t]he appointment of a receiver in aid of enforcement of a judgment is an
interlocutory one, even though made after final judgment”, and that “[i]t is
inherently temporary and comes to an end once the judgment debt is paid”: HC
Judgment at [2]. In our view, the appointment of a receiver by way of
equitable execution is no more temporary than an order to pay. The latter
order is permanent even though its purpose is achieved once the judgment debt
is paid. Further, the Judge’s orders were premised on a determination of the
substantive rights over the Assets, and were, as such, final ones. Once the
orders were made, there was nothing else for the court to determine under the
applications. Thus, the applications for the appointment of receivers were not
interlocutory in nature in the circumstances.

35 For these reasons, we agree with all the parties that the appellants may
appeal against the Judge’s decision as of right.

Whether Mdm Zhang is the beneficial owner of the Assets

36 The applicable legal principles on the substantive issue are not in
dispute. These are summarised as follows:

(a) Where there is an express trust over a property, the court generally
cannot impose an implied trust unless there are vitiating factors such as
fraud, or where the express trust is proven to be a sham. In such cases, the
express trust is set aside, and it is open for the court to impose an implied
trust over the property: Pankhania v Chandegra [2012] EWCA Civ 1438
(“Pankhania”); Lynton Tucker, Nicholas Le Poidevin & James Brightwell, Lewin
on Trusts (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2020) at paras 5-034 and 5-035.

(b) A resulting trust arises when a transferor transfers property to a
transferee in circumstances in which the transferor does not intend to benefit
the transferee: Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2
SLR(R) 108 (“Lau Siew Kim”) at [35]; Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR
1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”) at [43]. A transferor’s lack of intention to benefit
the transferee can be established in two ways: (a) by a failure to rebut the
presumption of resulting trust which arises when a transferee of property does
not provide the whole of the consideration for the transfer; or (b) by
evidence of the transferor’s intention with respect to the transfer. The court
should not resort to the presumption if there is direct evidence which can
reveal the transferor’s intention or from which that intention can be
inferred: Chan Yuen Lan at [51] and [52].

(c) The two factual elements which give rise to a resulting trust are
therefore: (a) a transfer of property to a transferee; and (b) circumstances
in which the transferor does not intend to benefit the transferee: Moh Tai
Siang v Moh Tai Tong and another [2018] SGHC 280 at [72]; Lau Siew Kim at
[35].

37 At present, the parties agree that there is no need to resort to evidential
presumptions as there is sufficient evidence to ascertain Mdm Zhang’s
intention in relation to the Assets. The court’s task is to arrive at an
objective assessment of the subjective intentions of the transferor, Mdm
Zhang: Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and other appeals [2017] 1 SLR
654 (“Tan Yok Koon”) at [83]. The time at which to ascertain a transferor’s
intention is, generally, the time at which the property was transferred to the
transferee: Acute Result Holdings Ltd v CGS-CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte
Ltd (formerly known as CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd) [2022] SGHC 45 at
[71]. However, evidence of the transferor’s subsequent conduct is admissible
and potentially relevant: Tan Yok Koon at [110]. Turning then to the facts
before us, the operative time at which Mdm Zhang’s intention should be
assessed is 4 June 2014, being the date at which the Deed of Addition was
executed and which she claims beneficial ownership of the Assets was
transferred to Mr Wang and his children. We thus begin our analysis with the
Trust Documents themselves, before considering the circumstances surrounding
the execution of the same.

The Trust Documents

38 Both Mdm Zhang and SETL take the position that the Trust Documents evince
Mdm Zhang’s intention to part with the equitable interest in the assets of
SETL generally. In this regard, both Mdm Zhang and SETL argue that under the
scheme of the Success Elegant Trust, it would not have made sense to transfer
SETL to Asiatrust without any corresponding intention to benefit either SETL
or Mr Wang and his issue. The share in SETL per se had “no intrinsic value”
and, viewed apart from the Assets, SETL was “an empty corporate shell”.

39 At the outset, we note that the Trust Documents, on their face, do not
expressly deal with the Assets. The Declaration of Trust executed on 3 June
2014 contains a declaration that the “Trustees”, identified as Asiatrust, hold
the “Trust Fund” for the benefit of the “Beneficiaries”. The “Trust Fund” is
identified in clause 1(17)(b) of the Declaration of Trust as “all money
investments or other property… under the control of and… accepted by the
Trustee as additions”, with the Second Schedule of the Declaration of Trust
providing that the “Trust Fund” comprised the nominal sum of US$10. The
“Beneficiaries” are identified in the Third Schedule of the same document as
“Wang Xiaofei and his children and remoter issue”. The Deed of Addition,
executed the next day, states that Mdm Zhang, as “Settlor” of the Success
Elegant Trust, transfers “[o]ne (1) fully paid share … in [SETL]” in addition
to the “Trust Fund”. That the Trust Documents do not expressly relate to a
transfer of the Assets was similarly noted by the Judge (at [49] of the HC
Judgment). Mdm Zhang and SETL appear to accept the same in their respective
submissions, albeit impliedly.

40 SETL relies on an excerpt in Lynton Tucker, Nicholas le Poidevin and James
Brightwell, Lewin on Trusts (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2015) (“Lewin”) at para
9-034, where it is argued that “[w]here a trust is constituted for the purpose
of acquiring property through a holding company owned by the trust and the
settlor provides the purchase money for the acquisition of the property by the
holding company, the court is likely to infer that the provider intended the
holding company to be the equitable owner of the property” [emphasis added].
By analogy, SETL argues that Mdm Zhang must have intended for SETL to be the
equitable owner of the Assets which she had transferred to the Bank Accounts.

41 In our view, this proposition in Lewin is of limited assistance to SETL.
The accompanying footnote to the excerpt in Lewin cites the case of
Nightingale Mayfair Ltd v Mehta and others [1999] All ER (D) 1501
(“Nightingale”) (which SETL relies on as well). In Nightingale, the issue was
whether the defendant had beneficial interest in a property that he had
transferred to an offshore company, the shares of which were vested in an
offshore trust. Blackburne J found that the beneficial interest in the
property was vested in the offshore company rather than with the defendant, as
he was satisfied with the defendant’s evidence that such a structure was in
place so that certain tax objectives could be achieved, and that this object
would not be fulfilled if the beneficial interest in the property did not vest
in the offshore company. In this context, Blackburne J observed that “the
proper and natural inference from the decision by an individual to purchase a
property in the name of a company and provide it with the funds to do so,
especially where the company is controlled by the individual, is that the
company should be the beneficial as well as the legal owner of the money and
then the property”.

42 It would appear, however, that subsequent authorities have not drawn such
an inference as readily as Blackburne J suggested in Nightingale.

(a) In United Overseas Bank Ltd v Chief Emmanuel C Iwuanyanwu and another
[2001] All ER (D) 40 (Mar) (“Iwuanyanwu”), the issue was whether the defendant
retained the beneficial interest in a property that was transferred to a
company under his control. The claimant bank sought a declaration to this
effect in order to enforce a judgment debt against the defendant. Robert
Englehart QC (sitting as Deputy Judge of the High Court) held that the
beneficial interest remained with the defendant as there was no practical
reason in evidence to explain why the defendant would have wanted to transfer
the beneficial interest to the company.

(b) In NRC Holding Ltd v Danilitskiy and others [2017] EWHC 1431 (Ch) (“NRC”),
the issue was, similar to that in Iwuanyanwu, whether the defendant retained
the beneficial interest in a property that was transferred to a company under
his control. The claimant sought a charging order over the property to enforce
judgment debt against the defendant. Robin Dicker QC (sitting as Deputy Judge
of the High Court) held for the claimant. Having considered the observations
of Blackburne J in Nightingale, Dicker QC at [44] appeared to cast doubt on
the extent to which “the inference that Blackburne J referred to is indeed the
proper and natural one”, preferring instead (at [46]) the position that
“[e]ach case ultimately depends on the facts” (having noted elsewhere in his
judgment the similar observations of Lord Sumption in Prest v Petrodel
Resources Ltd and others [2013] 2 AC 415 at [52] that “[w]hether assets
legally vested in a company are beneficially owned by its controller is a
highly fact-specific issue” [emphasis added]). Dicker QC also observed that
the case of Iwaunyanwu was illustrative of the broader rule that the issue of
beneficial ownership ultimately depends on the facts of each case (NRC at
[50]).

43 The upshot of the above is that the settlor’s donative intent (or lack
thereof) remains, in the final analysis, an inquiry to be determined on the
facts and must be balanced against all the available evidence. It may well be
that in the ordinary case, a trust constituted over the shares of the company
also extends to its assets. However, as we later demonstrate in relation to
Mdm Zhang’s conduct and dealings with the Assets after the execution of the
Trust Documents, this was not an ordinary case. It is clear to us that Mdm
Zhang acted on the premise that she owned the Assets.

44 Before leaving this section of our analysis, and having elaborated at [39]
above on the Trust Documents, we outline the evidential significance of the
Trust Documents. In our view, as the Declaration of Trust sets the contours
for the authority and powers exercisable by Mdm Zhang as settlor, Asiatrust as
Trustee, and Mr Wang as “protector” (as well as the beneficiary to the Success
Elegant Trust together with his issue), it provides the quintessential
backdrop against which Mdm Zhang and SETL’s subsequent conduct may be
assessed. To this, it must be noted that Mdm Zhang, as the settlor, is
accorded no residual powers under the Declaration of Trust except to terminate
the protector of the trust. In other words, once the Declaration of Trust was
executed, the settlor largely falls away.

45 If the Assets had truly been transferred away by Mdm Zhang, Mdm Zhang’s
role would have been reduced to acting as the authorised signatory over the
Bank Accounts up till late-March 2015 and as the sole director of SETL until 3
March 2015 when Mdm Zhang resigned in order for ATP Directors Limited to take
over as the sole director of SETL. In this regard, the circumstantial evidence
indicates that steps were taken to remove Mdm Zhang as the sole signatory of
the CS Account and DB Account (albeit some months after the execution of the
Trust Documents) and to inform both CS and DB of the status of Asiatrust as
the new shareholder of SETL later, ie, from October 2014 to March 2015.

(a) For the CS Account:

(i) In an e-mail from CAM to CS dated 17 October 2014, CAM informs CS of a
change in the shareholder of SETL from “Zhang to trust (ie, Asiatrust)”;

(ii) In an e-mail from CAM to CS dated 20 October 2014, CAM informs CS of the
structure of the Success Elegant Trust, with Asiatrust identified as trustee,
and “Mr. Wang Xiaofei and his children” listed as “beneficiaries” under the
trust;

(iii) On 17 February 2015, one Ms Dorothy Cheng (identified as the Manager of
the Corporate & Trust Services of Asiaciti Trust Hong Kong Limited, which in
turn is part of the same group of companies as Asiatrust), e-mails CS
attaching a signed confirmation that “[t]he Beneficiaries of the [Success
Elegant Trust] are Wang Xiaofei and his children”. In the course of these
communications, Ms Dorothy Cheng also attaches specimen signatures of
representatives of Asiatrust pursuant to amendments to “the authorized
signatory list” for the account.

(b) For the DB Account:

(i) on 17 February 2015, Ms Dorothy Cheng wrote to DB with a document entitled
“Cover letter to DB re change of shareholder”, in which AsiaCiti informed DB
that Asiatrust was now the sole shareholder of SETL; and

(ii) from 25 March to 26 March 2015, AsiaCiti wrote to DB to inform DB of the
change of director and authorised signatory to the DB Account.

46 Relatedly, while there was no documentary evidence before us showing
precisely when changes to the signatory of the Bank Accounts occurred, the LDV
Entities mentioned in their submissions that “Mdm Zhang remained the sole
authorised signatory [of the Bank Accounts] until around late March 2015”.

Events subsequent to the execution of the Trust Documents

47 With this background in mind, we turn to consider the events that followed
the execution of the Success Elegant Trust on 4 June 2014. The first material
event, to which the Judge placed great emphasis upon and the LDV Entities
similarly rely on, are a series of transfers from 12 June 2014 to 11 February
2015 from the CS Account to Mdm Zhang and Mr Wang (the “June 2014 to February
2015 CS Transfers”). These transfers amounted to around US$32.3m in total.
These transfers, together with Mdm Zhang’s evidence on the purpose of the
transfers, are detailed as follows:

Date| Event| Mdm Zhang’s evidence  
---|---|---  
12 June 2014 | Fund Transfer out of the CS Account: US$12,057,000 is transferred to Mr Wang.| For Mr Wang’s benefit.  
7 August 2014| Fund Transfer out of the CS Account: US$12,057,000 is
transferred to Mr Wang.| For Mr Wang’s benefit.  
22 September 2014| Fund Transfer out of the CS Account: US$3,000,000 is
transferred to Mdm Zhang’s personal bank account.| Mdm Zhang claims that “due
to the long passage of time, [she is] unable to locate the relevant documents
and information” on this transfer.  
29 September 2014| Fund Transfer out of the CS Account: US$5,000,000 is
transferred to Mr Wang.| For Mr Wang’s benefit.  
19 January 2015| Fund Transfer out of the CS Account: US$100,000 is
transferred to Mdm Zhang’s personal bank account.| According to Mdm Zhang,
this was for the purchase of Tiffany jewellery for the benefit of Mr Wang.  
10 February 2015 | Fund Transfer out of the CS Account: JPY 3,000,000 is transferred to Mdm Zhang’s personal bank account.| Mdm Zhang claims that “due to the long passage of time, [she is] unable to locate the relevant documents and information” on this transfer.  
11 February 2015| Fund Transfer out of the CS Account: US$114,478.93 is
transferred to Mdm Zhang’s personal bank account.| Mdm Zhang claims this is
for onward payment to Stephen Sills Associates LLC for the benefit of Mr Wang
to acquire property.  
  
48 From the above transfers, three points arise. First, of the above
transfers, four were made directly to Mdm Zhang. These are: (a) the transfer
dated 22 September 2014 for US$3,000,000; (b) the transfer dated 19 January
2015 for US$100,000; (c) the transfer dated 10 February 2015 for JPY
3,000,000; and (d) the transfer dated 11 February 2015 for US$114,478.93.
While Mdm Zhang explained that the transfers dated 19 January 2015 and 11
February 2015 were made respectively for the purchase of Tiffany jewellery and
for onward payment to Stephen Sills Associates LLC, and that these were
payments made for the benefit of her son Mr Wang, this misses the point. There
was simply no valid reason for the moneys to be transferred first to Mdm
Zhang’s account.

49 Secondly, Mdm Zhang was unable to account for the transfers of US$3,000,000
and JPY 3,000,000 on 22 September 2014 and 10 February 2015 respectively other
than to state that she was unable to locate the relevant documents on this
transfer nor recall what they were made for. We find it difficult to accept
that Mdm Zhang could not recollect the purpose of the payment of a large sum
of US$3,000,000. This is particularly so when contrasted with the fact that
Mdm Zhang was able to give evidence on the purpose of the transfers of
US$100,000 and US$114,478.93 on 19 January and 11 February 2015 respectively.
Mdm Zhang’s failure to explain and produce evidence in relation to the 22
September 2014 and 10 February 2015 transfers is also questionable given the
nature of the Success Elegant Trust, which is administered by a professional
trustee, Asiatrust. One would ordinarily expect a professional trustee to keep
some documentation on changes to the assets of the trust. Absent any evidence
pointing to the contrary, we agree with the Judge that the natural inference
to be drawn is that Mdm Zhang directed these transfers for her own benefit
(see the HC Judgment at [54(a)]). Furthermore, we are of the view that it is
likely that Asiatrust was not aware of the existence of the bank accounts, a
point which we elaborate on later.

50 This brings us to our third point, which is that there is nothing in the
evidence before us to show that the trustee, Asiatrust, had directed Mdm Zhang
to make the June 2014 to February 2015 CS Transfers. Indeed, Mdm Zhang did not
assert that she had done so on the instructions of Asiatrust. As we had
highlighted at [44]–[45] above, by this juncture, Mdm Zhang was supposed to
play a limited role as the sole signatory to the CS Account and as the
director of SETL. If indeed the beneficial ownership of the Assets had been
transferred and if Asiatrust had assumed the duty to administer those assets
as trustee, why was Mdm Zhang able to direct those transfers unilaterally?

51 When these three points are taken together, we are of the view that the
June 2014 to February 2015 CS Transfers were highly probative of Mdm Zhang’s
intention, at the time of the creation of the trust, to retain a beneficial
interest in the Assets notwithstanding the trust arrangements.

52 In fact, the events that followed the June 2014 to February 2015 CS
Transfers reinforce this conclusion. Around two weeks after the last of the
June 2014 to February 2015 CS Transfers, the LDV Entities had on 26 February
2015 filed an ex parte application in the HKCFI to obtain the HK Freezing
Orders. Chan J granted the HK Freezing Orders that same day. The LDV Entities’
evidence is that Mdm Zhang received notice of the HK Freezing Orders on 2
March 2015 through her office located in Beijing. The next day, she also
attended a meeting with Mr Roy Kuan, a representative of CVC, and acknowledged
her receipt of the HK Freezing Orders.

53 On 3 and 4 March 2015, Mdm Zhang then proceeded to direct the following
transfers out of the DB Account (the “March 2015 DB Transfers”):

Date of Transaction| Transaction  
---|---  
3 March 2015| US$9,902,257.00 and US$6,037,505 to The Manufacturers Life
Insurance (the “Manufacturers Life Transfer”)  
4 March 2015| US$14,878,868 to Transamerica Life (Bermuda) Limited (the
“Transamerica Transfer”)  
US$13,937 to Asiaciti Trust Hong Kong Limited (the “Asiaciti Transfer”)  
US$3,000,000 to Metro Joy International Limited (the “Metro Joy Transfer”)  
US$2,000,000 to Joy Grain Group Limited (the “Joy Grain Transfer”)  
  
54 Of the above transfers, the payment instructions for the transfers on 4
March 2015, ie, the Transamerica Transfer, the Joy Grain Transfer, the Metro
Joy Transfer and the Asiaciti Transfer, show not only that these transfers
were directed by Mdm Zhang on the very same day, but further that they were
directed with the instruction that payment be made “soonest” [emphasis added].
The payment instructions for the Transamerica and Asiaciti Transfers were also
marked “TOP URGENT”. This instruction for payment to be made “soonest” may be
contrasted to the payment instructions in relation to the Manufacturers Life
Transfer which simply states that the relevant transfer may be made on “Mar 3,
2015”. Neither Mdm Zhang nor SETL has accounted for why these transfers had to
be made with such urgency in their evidence.

55 In our view, when the great haste with which Mdm Zhang had directed the
transfers on 4 March 2015 is taken together with the fact that she had been
served the HK Freezing Orders merely one day earlier, it may be inferred that
Mdm Zhang had acted as she did in fear that the Assets in Singapore may also
be subject to similar freezing orders. Indeed, the LDV Entities were granted
the SG Freezing Orders on 2 March 2015, and had on 9 March 2015 obtained leave
to serve the relevant papers on Mdm Zhang out of jurisdiction. In this regard,
we agree with the Judge’s conclusion that at [54(b)] of the HC Judgment that
this urgency spoke to Mdm Zhang’s subjective view that the Assets were her own
rather than vested in Mr Wang and his issue, or SETL for that matter. That is
not all.

56 In relation to the purpose of the March 2015 DB Transfers, SETL relies on
the following evidence to support its assertion that these transfers were
ultimately made for Mr Wang’s benefit:

(a) Manufacturers Life and Transamerica policies: While the Manufacturers Life
and Transamerica policies themselves are not in evidence, SETL highlights a
letter dated 13 February 2015 from Mr Wang to Asiatrust directing the purchase
of one insurance policy from Transamerica and three policies for “Manulife”
(which presumably refers to the Manufacturers Life). In this letter, SETL is
identified as “the sole owner and sole beneficiary of each polic[y]”.
Asiatrust executes a trustee’s resolution that same day authorising these
payments. Director’s resolutions of SETL dated 15 February 2015 to approve the
acquisition of the Manufacturers Life and Transamerica policies were also
adduced in evidence.

(b) Metro Joy Transfer: Ms Xiao’s evidence is that this transfer, made to
Metro Joy International Limited, was part of a trust arrangement set up for
the benefit of Mr Wang and his issue. This trust arrangement had a similar
structure to the Success Elegant Trust.

(c) Joy Grain Transfer: While the Joy Grain Transfer was directed and made on
4 March 2015, the transfer was subsequently ratified by SETL pursuant to
resolutions dated 24 May 2015. At this point, ATP Directors Limited had taken
over as director of SETL. SETL also relies on a letter dated 24 May 2015 by Mr
Wang to Asiatrust consenting to the transfer of “USD 2,000,000 to [himself] on
4 March 2015”, and a trustee’s resolution by Asiatrust on the same date
authorising the said transfer. While Joy Grain is not explicitly referred to
in these latter two documents, the LDV Entities do not dispute that they refer
to the Joy Grain Transfer.

(d) Asiaciti Transfer: This was made for the payment of Asiatrust for the
provision of trustee services.

57 Against these, the LDV Entities, referring to the Manufacturers Life and
Transamerica Transfers, dispute that the relevant authorisations for these
transfers were accurately dated. They argue that “given the context and Mdm
Zhang’s conduct”, these authorisations are “more likely than not to be
retrospective attempts to legitimise the transfers made to The Manufacturers
Life Insurance and Transamerica Life under the pretext of a trust”. In support
of this, they point to the fact that retrospective approval was given in
relation to the Joy Grain Transfer.

58 In our judgment, the assertion that the Manufacturers Life and Transamerica
Transfers were backdated is a speculative one that is not supported by the
evidence. Insofar as the nature of the March 2015 DB Transfers as a whole are
concerned, there is nothing to indicate (unlike in the case of the June 2014
to February 2015 CS Transfers) that these transfers were not made for Mr
Wang’s benefit.

59 Leaving the veracity of the Manufacturers Life and Transamerica Transfer
aside, however, the real point to be made is that Mdm Zhang had clearly
exercised a large extent of control over these “urgent” transfers on 4 March
2015. Mdm Zhang appeared to have directed the Joy Grain Transfer without any
prior direction from the trustee. This, in our view, strengthens the aforesaid
inference that may be drawn from the urgency in which the same transfer was
directed – that Mdm Zhang ultimately viewed the Assets as her own. Given that
there is no documentary evidence of any approval or ratification of the Metro
Joy Transfer, a similar conclusion may be reached in relation to that
transfer. It was clear to us that Mdm Zhang saw fit to deal freely with the
Assets without regard to the very same trust arrangement she now seeks to rely
on. This, taken together with her limited if not virtually non-existent role
in the Success Elegant Trust, spoke to her subjective intention to retain
beneficial ownership over the moneys in the Bank Account.

60 Yet another pertinent aspect of the evidence was SETL’s lack of action
after the Assets in the Bank Accounts were frozen following the SG Freezing
Orders. At the time of the hearing before the Judge, around seven years had
lapsed without SETL taking any action to contest the SG Freezing Orders. To
account for this, SETL relies on the evidence of Ms Angela Edith Pope (“Ms
Pope”), who gave evidence on behalf of ATP Directors Limited in the course of
pre-action discovery proceedings commenced by the LDV Entities in HC/OS
305/2015. It will be recalled that ATP Directors Limited had been appointed as
director of SETL in place of Mdm Zhang on 3 March 2015. The relevant part of
Ms Pope’s evidence is as follows:

I also wish to explain why SETL did not pursue legal action against [DB] in
order to ensure the ‘release’ of SETL’s funds held in its account with [DB].
Simply put, there was no urgency for the ‘release’ of the funds held with
[DB], which continued to earn interest. In addition, there was no good reason
(apart from optics, with the benefit of hindsight) for SETL to spend money to
seek such a ‘release’, given that SETL believed the said funds would be
released in due course through the efforts of Mdm Zhang. SETL knew she had
already applied for the injunctions against her in Hong Kong to be set aside,
and, if successful, the [SG Freezing Orders] would ultimately be set aside
also.

61 In our view, Ms Pope’s explanations were not convincing.

62 First, there was no good reason why SETL should leave it to Mdm Zhang to
object to the SG Freezing Orders. If SETL had indeed obtained absolute
ownership over the Assets (as is SETL’s position in the present appeal), it
was for SETL, rather than Mdm Zhang, to contest the SG Freezing Orders. There
was no valid reason for SETL to depend on Mdm Zhang to do so if she truly had
no interest in the Assets after 4 June 2014.

63 Secondly, Ms Pope’s evidence that there was no urgency for the release of
the funds in the DB Account was not consistent with SETL’s own conduct in the
course of these proceedings. Following the imposition of the SG Freezing
Orders, SETL filed HC/SUM 3695/2021 (“SUM 3695”) on 4 August 2021 for
permission to withdraw $500,000 from the Bank Accounts to meet the legal
expenses in connection with OS 1139 and 1140, and a further $175,000 to meet
“operational expenses incurred by SETL whether incurred before or after” the
date of the application [emphasis added]. This latter sum included the
director’s remuneration of $12,000 per month for Mr Ang Chiang Meng, the
director of SETL at the time the application was filed, and “[f]ees for
maintaining SETL [which includes] fees for book keeping services, corporate
secretarial services, and premiums for directors and officers liability
insurance” which amounted to $31,000 per annum. It therefore appears from SUM
3695 that the SG Freezing Orders had caused some measure of operational
difficulty for SETL.

64 In our view, SETL’s failure to challenge the Singapore Freezing Orders
promptly undermines its case that it is the absolute owner of the Assets.
SETL’s protracted inaction gives rise to the inexorable inference that SETL
itself did not believe that it had absolute ownership over the Assets, and
thus did not think it necessary to separately seek to set aside the SG
Freezing Orders which were directed only toward assets directly and/or
indirectly owned by Mdm Zhang. The Judge had relied on this in reaching his
determination that Mdm Zhang intended to retain the Assets (HC Judgment at
[54(a)]); and in our view, rightly so.

65 This leaves us with three broad categories of evidence: (a) the 6 March
2015 Letter from Reed Smith; (b) Chan J’s decision in La Dolce Vita (HK); and
(c) the bank documents (such as the CS Account Opening Form and the DB Risk
Profile Form). In our judgment, these items of evidence either reinforces our
conclusion that Mdm Zhang intended to retain beneficial ownership over the
Assets, or were, at best, equivocal to the issue. We deal with them in turn.

The 6 March 2015 Letter

66 On 5 March 2015, a day after the March DB Transfers were completed, the LDV
Entities commenced arbitration proceedings in CIETAC against Mdm Zhang and her
associated companies. On 6 March 2015, Reed Smith, in response to the freezing
of the DB Account, wrote to DB’s solicitors. The 6 March 2015 Letter stated as
follows:

1\. We act for Ms Zhang Lan.

2\. We are instructed that Ms Zhang maintains the following account with you:

A/C Name: Success Elegant Trading Limited

…

3\. We are further instructed that you have frozen the aforementioned account
by reason of court orders which have been served on you. Please provide us
with copies of the relevant court orders.

4\. Ms Zhang is taking legal action to set aside the said court orders. In the
meantime, you are reminded of and requested to comply strictly with your duty
of confidentiality towards Ms Zhang. In particular, you are not to disclose
any information and/or documents relating to Ms Zhang and/or the
aforementioned account to any third parties without the express consent of Ms
Zhang.

67 In relation to the 6 March Letter, the Judge observed at [54(c)] of the HC
Judgment that:

… The word “maintain” when used in relation to a bank account is not apt to
describe merely being a signatory of an account. For someone to be said to
maintain an account that account must be theirs. This was a formal
communication by her lawyers in the wake of the SG Freezing Orders. There is
no basis for interpreting the word in any other way, especially when her
lawyers identified Mdm Zhang as the person to whom DB owed the duty of
confidentiality. This could only mean that she was DB’s customer in respect of
the DB Account.

The Judge further found at [56] of the HC Judgment that Reed Smith was acting
as Mdm Zhang’s agent, and that Reed Smith’s confirmation that Mdm Zhang had
maintained the DB Account was an admission under ss 17 and 18 of the EA.

68 SETL disagrees with the Judge’s interpretation of the word “maintain”. It
argues instead that the word “maintain” is ambiguous and may refer instead to
the fact that Mdm Zhang maintained the DB Account in her capacity as a
signatory. They highlight Reed Smith’s subsequent 15 April 2015 Letter, where
Reed Smith clarifies that SETL “is the holder of the [DB Account]” and that
“[Mdm Zhang] does not have any beneficial ownership interest in [SETL] and/or
the [DB Account]”.

69 In our view, the Judge did not err in his assessment of the 6 March 2015
Letter with respect to the word “maintain”. Contrary to SETL’s suggestion, the
6 March 2015 Letter does support the inference that Mdm Zhang saw the moneys
in the DB Account as her own.

70 Furthermore, if indeed Mdm Zhang saw the moneys in that account as
belonging to SETL, she would have immediately informed SETL of the situation.
We infer that she did not do so as SETL only came into the picture much later.
In a letter dated 30 March 2015, SETL’s solicitors Zhong Lun Law Firm wrote to
DB to claim that the DB Account belonged to SETL and not to Mdm Zhang. This
was more than three weeks after the 6 March 2015 Letter. Importantly, there is
also no evidence as to when SETL knew of the existence of the DB Account (and
the CS Account). The late involvement of SETL suggested that Mdm Zhang had not
informed the new shareholder of SETL or the new director promptly about the
Bank Accounts when the share was transferred or the new director was
appointed, respectively, at the time of transfer or appointment.

La Dolce Vita (HK)

71 On 14 March 2017, the LDV Entities obtained leave to commence committal
proceedings against Mdm Zhang in the HKCFI, claiming that she had breached the
HK Freezing Orders (amongst other claims). The issues before Chan J were,
amongst others, whether Mdm Zhang had (a) dissipated the Assets through acts
which include the June 2014 to February 2015 CS Transfers and the March 2015
DB Transfers; and/or (b) failed to disclose the full extent of her assets. In
her judgment dated 14 March 2018 in La Dolce Vita (HK), Chan J held that the
LDV Entities had not proven that Mdm Zhang was the beneficial owner of the
Assets, and was therefore not liable for dissipating the Assets in breach of
the HK Freezing Orders: La Dolce Vita (HK) at [78]. Mdm Zhang, however, was
found liable for contempt for failing to disclose all her assets of value of
HKD 500,000 or more whether in or outside Hong Kong: La Dolce Vita (HK) at
[112].

72 Mdm Zhang submits that Chan J’s findings in relation to the issue of her
beneficial ownership in the Assets supports her case. In particular, Mdm Zhang
highlights the observation of Chan J at [77] of La Dolce Vita (HK) that it was
“not implausible that the trustees permitted [Mdm Zhang] to remained the sole
signatory of SETL’s bank accounts … irrespective of whether it is the best
practice, it is conceivable that the trustees may be prepared to permit and
agree to [Mdm Zhang’s] continued role as a signatory in the operation of
SETL’s bank accounts” and also at [70] of La Dolce Vita (HK) that it was
“reasonably possible and plausible that she signed as signatory of the
accounts of SETL upon instructions and at the direction of the trustee”.

73 The decision in La Dolce Vita (HK) is of limited evidential value to the
issue before us. The issue before Chan J was whether Mdm Zhang was liable for
contempt for breaching the HK Freezing Orders by dissipating Assets. This, in
turn, depended on whether “it [could] be established beyond a reasonable doubt
that [Mdm Zhang] had a beneficial interest in SETL” (at [36]) [emphasis
added], to which “no court would wish to make a finding of contempt unless the
evidence to support such a finding was good” (at [50]). The application before
Chan J required a higher standard of proof, ie, beyond a reasonable doubt,
than the one before the Judge in the HC Judgment which was on a balance of
probabilities. In fairness to Mdm Zhang, she accepts in her submissions that
this higher standard of proof was operative in Chan J’s decision. As such,
Chan J’s findings must be viewed in the context of this higher standard of
proof which does not apply in the present case. It was also not clear what the
evidential basis was for Chan J’s observation that it was “reasonably possible
and plausible” that Mdm Zhang authorised the transfers “upon instructions and
at the direction of the trustee” as there was no such evidence before us of
any such instruction or direction. As mentioned, Mdm Zhang did not even allude
to either. Therefore, Chan J’s views were not sufficient to displace the
inferences rightfully drawn by the Judge in relation to the beneficial
ownership of the Assets.

74 It is also notable that Chan J had also observed at [75] of La Dolce Vita
(HK) that the June 2014 to February 2015 CS Transfers had “suspicious or
unusual features”. She also questioned “why [Mdm Zhang] was able to give
instructions for transfers from SETL’s accounts for payments … at a time when
she had allegedly ceased to have any beneficial interest in SETL or the assets
of the trust” (at [75]). These observations broadly accord with our analysis
on the June 2014 to February 2015 CS Transfers above, and to that extent, it
is arguable that Chan J may have reached a different result on the issue of
beneficial ownership had her decision been premised on a balance of
probabilities.

Bank Documentation

75 In the course of setting up the CS and DB Bank Accounts, Mdm Zhang (with
the assistance of CAM) had submitted the following documents amongst others:
the CS Account Opening Form and W-8BEN Forms on 11 February 2014; the DB Risk
Profile Form on 7 March 2014.

76 The LDV Entities rely on the former two documents as evidence of Mdm
Zhang’s intention to retain beneficial ownership over the Assets. The LDV
Entities argue that the CS Account Opening Form supports the view that Mdm
Zhang is the beneficial owner of the Assets. This is due to the fact that Mdm
Zhang is listed as the “beneficial owner(s) of the assets” in Section 4.3 of
the said form (“Section 4.3”), and further because she is listed as the sole
authorised signatory of the CS Account. The LDV Entities also rely on Section
II of the DB Risk Profile Form, where Mdm Zhang indicates in relation to the
DB Account that she is the “authorized signer”, “shareholder” and “beneficial
owner” of the account.

77 Mdm Zhang and SETL, on the other hand, deny that these documents warrant
such an inference. In particular, SETL argues that the use of the term
“beneficial owner” in the CS Account Opening Form relates to natural rather
than corporate persons, and therefore does not hold much, if any, evidential
value to the present issue. Further, it argues that the use of the same term
in the DB Risk Profile Form relates to beneficial ownership of SETL rather
than its assets. SETL also point to the W-8BEN Forms, which were submitted to
CS for compliance with US tax laws. In these forms, SETL is declared the
“beneficial owner” of the income of the CS Account. The LDV Entities, on the
other hand, argue that the W-8BEN Forms only deal with beneficial ownership
regarding the income of the CS Account, and do not explicitly say that SETL is
the beneficial owner of the account itself.

78 We first consider the CS Account Opening Form. Section 4.3 of the CS
Account Opening Form, titled “Beneficial Owner(s)”, sets out two options for
the applicant to select from. These options, and Mdm Zhang’s indication
between the two, were as follows:

4.3 Beneficial Owner(s)

Please tick one of the boxes below.

□ You, the account holder, are the beneficial owner (see definition at end of
this section 4.3) of the assets in the account, now and in the future (only
applicable to account holders such as listed companies/state-owned
enterprises/charities or their subsidiaries).

![Checkmark with solid fill](data:image/Png;base64,
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)The
beneficial owner(s) of the assets in the account are listed below:

…

Name as it appears on identification document: Zhang Lan

[emphasis added]

79 As is evident from the face of the CS Account Opening Form, Mdm Zhang had
indeed indicated that she was the beneficial owner of the assets in the CS
Bank Account. Consistent with this, Section 4.3 also defines the phrase
“beneficial owner(s) of the assets” as one who “exercises ultimate effective
control over and/or takes decisions about the assets and gives instructions to
the account holder …”. Even if, as SETL argues, the term ‘beneficial owner’ in
the CS Account Opening Form was instead CS’s own term of art and did not refer
to beneficial ownership in the sense recognised in equity, the fact remained
that Mdm Zhang had, through the form, acknowledged that she “exercised
ultimate effective control” over the CS Account. This had evidential weight
insofar as it supported the inference that Mdm Zhang retained the beneficial
interest in the Assets in the CS Account.

80 However, we are also cognisant of the fact that it may not have been open
for SETL itself, as the account holder, to indicate that it was the beneficial
owner since the first option in Section 4.3 set out above was “only applicable
to account holders such as listed companies/state-owned enterprises/charities
or their subsidiaries”. SETL was not any of these things. From this, however,
the most that can be said in favour of Mdm Zhang and SETL is that the contents
of the CS Account Opening Form were equivocal to the issue of beneficial
ownership.

81 Turning to the DB Risk Profile Form, LDV highlights the fact that Mdm Zhang
indicated that she was the “beneficial owner” in respect of her “role in [the]
account” (the added highlights below are our emphasis):

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

82 SETL, however, argues that the indication of “beneficial owner” in the
context of the DB Risk Profile Form relates not to the assets in the DB
Account, but to beneficial ownership of SETL instead. They point here to a
separate document entitled the “Establishment of Beneficial Owner’s Identity”
which was completed on the same day and submitted to DB. This document
identifies Mdm Zhang as the “beneficial owner(s) of the corporation” [emphasis
added], ie, SETL:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

83 Akin to our conclusion with respect to the CS Account Opening Form, we are
of the view that the DB Risk Profile Form is, at the very least, not
inconsistent with the view that Mdm Zhang was the beneficial owner of the DB
Account.

84 SETL also points to the W-8BEN Forms, which were submitted to CS for
compliance with US tax laws. In these forms, SETL was declared the “beneficial
owner” of the income of the CS Account. The LDV Entities, on the other hand,
aver that the W-8BEN Forms only deal with beneficial ownership regarding the
income of the CS Account, and do not explicitly say that SETL is the
beneficial owner of the account itself.

85 In our view, contrary to the LDV Entities’ suggestion, it was not clear on
the W-8BEN Forms themselves nor elsewhere in the evidence that a distinction
between ownership over the income and the Assets was a material one. On
balance, we accept that the W-8BEN Forms are of some evidential support to
SETL’s case that Mdm Zhang intended to part with the beneficial interest in
the Assets. However, this evidence must be weighed against the relevant
material events that occurred after the sole share in SETL was transferred on
4 June 2014. In this regard, we agree with the Judge that the bulk of the
evidence weighed against the inference to be drawn from the W-8BEN Forms (HC
Judgment at [55]).

Summary on beneficial ownership of Assets

86 To summarise, we hold that the Judge did not err in finding at [57] of the
HC Judgment that Mdm Zhang intended to “retain beneficial ownership and not
give the moneys to SETL”. Mdm Zhang and SETL’s subsequent conduct was highly
probative of the fact that Mdm Zhang and SETL regarded the Assets as
beneficially owned by her. This is evident from the following:

(a) the extent of control she exhibited in directing the June 2014 to February
2015 CS Transfers and the March 2015 DB Transfers, and the concomitant lack of
any evidence that these transfers were initiated or instructed by the trustee.
This was despite the fact that her only role within the scheme of the Success
Elegant Trust was that of a signatory to the Bank Accounts and director of
SETL;

(b) that it was likely that she had personally benefitted from certain
payments in the course of the June 2014 to February 2015 CS Transfers;

(c) the fact that she had directed the March 2015 DB Transfers on an urgent
basis after receiving the HK Freezing Orders without any explanation for why
these transfers had to be made with such haste; and

(d) the late involvement of SETL in responding to the HK Freezing Orders and
in challenging the SG Freezing Orders.

87 The other circumstantial evidence, such as the 6 March 2015 Letter, while
not determinative of the issue in and of themselves, serves to reinforce this
conclusion. In our view, the collective weight of the abovementioned evidence
also outweighs any inference to the contrary that may be drawn from the Trust
Documents, and/or the W-8BEN Forms.

Conclusion

88 Mdm Zhang’s appeals in AD 4 and AD 5 are dismissed. SETL’s appeals in AD 6
and AD 7 are also dismissed. As for costs, we award the LDV Entities costs of
$35,000 inclusive of disbursements, to be borne jointly and severally by Mdm
Zhang and SETL. The usual consequential orders apply.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division | Aedit Abdullah   
Judge of the High Court  
  
---|---  
  
Tham Lijing (Tham Lijing LLC) (instructed), Darren Tan, Kevin Cheng, Siew Wei
Ying Silas and Yeo Hsien Yang Shane Anthony (Yang Xianyang) (Invictus Law
Corporation) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 4 of 2023 and Civil Appeal
No 5 of 2023;

Thio Shen Yi, SC, Koh Li Qun Kelvin (Xu Liqun), Kevin Elbert, Tan Shi Ying
Crystal and Phoon Wuei (TSMP Law Corporation) for the appellant in Civil
Appeal No 6 of 2023 and Civil Appeal No 7 of 2023; and

Han Guangyuan Keith and Angela Phoon Yan Ling (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the
respondents in Civil Appeal No 4 of 2023 to Civil Appeal No 7 of 2023.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

[27 June 2023]

Case summary

Zhang Lan v La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Group Holdings Limited and other appeals
[2023] SGHC(A) 22

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision of the Appellate Division (delivered by Justice Woo Bih Li):

Outcome: AD dismisses the appeals, affirming the finding of the Judge of the
General Division that the appellant in AD/CA 4/2023 and AD/CA 5/2023
beneficially owned the disputed moneys and the Judge’s decision to appoint
receivers over the bank accounts where the moneys were kept.

Pertinent and significant points of the judgment

• A preliminary issue was whether permission to appeal was necessary. In the
circumstances, permission to appeal was not necessary as the order made by the
judge below finally determined the rights of the parties, and left nothing
further to be decided: at [25] to [34].

• The Judge did not err in finding that the appellant in AD/CA 4 and AD/CA 5
(“Mdm Zhang”) intended to retain beneficial ownership over the disputed assets
(the “Assets”), contrary to Mdm Zhang’s claim that these Assets were held by a
professional trustee on trust for her son and his descendants. Mdm Zhang’s
subsequent conduct was highly probative of the fact that Mdm Zhang regarded
the Assets as beneficially owned by her: at [38] to [59] and [86].

• The appellant in AD/CA 6/2023 and AD/CA 7/2023 was a company (“SETL”) in
whose name the Assets were held. SETL’s case that it absolutely owned the
Assets was undermined by Mdm Zhang’s subsequent conduct and also by SETL’s
protracted inaction in the proceedings. It had failed to challenge freezing
orders over the Assets for several years, and could not satisfactorily explain
this delay: at [60] to [64] and [86].

Background

1 AD/CA 4/2023, AD/CA 5/2023, AD/CA 6/2023 and AD/CA 7/2023 (“CA 4” to “CA 7”
respectively) are appeals against the decision of the General Division in
HC/SUM 2703/2021 (“SUM 2703”) and HC/SUM 2704/2021 (“SUM 2704”; collectively
referred to as “SUMs 2703 and 2704”).

2 These appeals arise from a sale and purchase agreement between La Dolce Vita
Fine Dining Company Limited (“LDV”), La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Group Holdings
Limited (“LDV Group”), and Mdm Zhang Lan (“Mdm Zhang”) on 10 August 2013 (the
“SPA”) (amongst other parties). LDV Group wholly owns LDV. Under the SPA, the
LDV and LDV Group (collectively, the “LDV Entities”) acquired 86.2% of South
Beauty Investment Company Limited (“SBIC”). SBIC was the holding company of
the well-known ‘South Beauty’ restaurant chain that Mdm Zhang had founded and
developed.

3 Pursuant to the SPA, a total of US$286,850,887 was paid over three tranches
to Mdm Zhang from 16 December 2013 and 13 June 2014. The bulk of this purchase
price was paid into Mdm Zhang’s Safra Sarasin bank account in Hong Kong (the
“SS Account”).

4 Prior to and amidst these transfers, Mdm Zhang sought advice on the setting
up of a family trust for the benefit of her son, Mr Wang Xiaofei (“Mr Wang”).
The first step of the trust arrangement was the incorporation of Success
Elegant Trading Limited (“SETL”) in the British Virgin Islands on 2 January
2014. At the point of SETL’s incorporation, Mdm Zhang was the owner of the
sole share in SETL and its director. Next, from February to March 2014, Mdm
Zhang set up in Singapore bank accounts with Credit Suisse AG Bank (“CS”) and
Deutsche Bank AG (“DB”) under SETL’s name. From 10 March 2014 to 21 July 2014,
US$142,051,618 in cash and securities was transferred from Mdm Zhang’s SS
Account to SETL’s bank account with CS (the “CS Account”). US$85,225,000 was
also transferred from the CS Account to SETL’s DB bank account (the “DB
Account”) between 27 March 2014 and 27 November 2014.

5 On 3 June 2014, a Declaration of Trust was executed over the sum of US$10 in
favour of “Wang Xiaofei and his children and remoter issue” (the “Declaration
of Trust”), with Asiatrust Limited (“Asiatrust”), a company that provides
professional trustee services, named as the trustee. This trust was referred
to as the “Success Elegant Trust”. The following day, Mdm Zhang executed a
Deed of Addition of Assets (the “Deed of Addition”), in which the sole share
in SETL was transferred from Mdm Zhang to Asiatrust. The Declaration of Trust
and Deed of Addition are collectively referred to as the “Trust Documents”.

6 Meanwhile, and sometime after the SPA was complete, SBIC began experiencing
a significant decline in its financial performance. After conducting internal
investigations, the LDV Entities sought an injunction against Mdm Zhang in the
Hong Kong Court of First Instance (“HKCFI”) from disposing of any of her
assets whether in or outside Hong Kong. The injunction was granted on 26
February 2015 (the “HK Freezing Orders”). The LDV Entities also successfully
obtained in the Singapore courts freezing orders over Mdm Zhang’s assets in
Singapore (the “SG Freezing Orders”). The LDV Entities then each commenced
arbitration in the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration
Commission (“CIETAC”) against Mdm Zhang, claiming that Mdm Zhang had made
fraudulent and negligent representations in connection with the SPA. On 28
April 2019, CIETAC found for the LDV Entities in their claim for negligent
representation (the “Arbitral Awards”). The LDV Entities then obtained
judgments in Hong Kong recognising the Arbitral Awards (the “HK Judgments”),
and successfully registered the HK Judgments in Singapore (the “SG
Registration Order”).

7 On 9 June 2021, LDV and LDV Group filed SUMs 2703 and 2704 respectively
against Mdm Zhang in a bid to enforce the SG Registration Order. SUMs 2703 and
2704 were applications for the appointment of receivers over the bank accounts
of SETL, with SETL added as a defendant in SUMs 2703 and 2704 on 16 September
2021.

8 The central issue before the High Court judge (the “Judge”) in SUMs 2703 and
2704 was whether the moneys in the bank accounts of SETL (the “Bank Accounts”)
were beneficially owned by Mdm Zhang. The Judge held in the affirmative: see
La Dolce Vita Fine Dining Co Ltd v Zhang Lan and others and another matter
[2022] SGHC 278 (the “HC Judgment”).  In particular, the Judge found that Mdm
Zhang was motivated by a desire to protect her funds from potential claims by
the LDV Entities without giving up her ability to make use of those funds for
her own benefit (HC Judgment at [54]). This was evident from the fact that Mdm
Zhang had transferred moneys from the Bank Accounts for her own purposes prior
to the HK Freezing Orders and SG Freezing Orders. Further, Mdm Zhang
transferred moneys out of the DB Account in haste after receiving notice of
the HK Freezing Orders. The Judge held that it was just and convenient for the
receivership orders to be made: HC Judgment at [58].

9 Dissatisfied, Mdm Zhang filed CA 4 against LDV Group and CA 5 against LDV,
which are appeals against SUM 2704 and SUM 2703 respectively. SETL also
appealed against the Judge’s decision, filing CA 6 against LDV and CA 7
against LDV Group. CA 6 and CA 7 are SETL’s appeals against SUMs 2703 and 2704
respectively.

Decision

Permission to Appeal

10 A preliminary issue that arose was whether the appellants, Mdm Zhang and
SETL, required permission to appeal against the HC Judgment. Under para 3(l)
of the Fifth Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (“SCJA”),
permission of the appellate court is required to appeal against “an order at
the hearing of any interlocutory application” (other than an application for
certain matters set out under para 3(l) which are not applicable to the
present proceedings). An “order” referred to an “interlocutory order”, which
in turn refers to an order that “does not finally dispose of the rights of the
parties”. An “interlocutory application” referred to an application whose
determination may or may not finally determine the parties’ rights in the
cause of the pending proceedings in which the application is being brought.
The issue was whether the HC Judgment was an interlocutory order made at the
hearing of an interlocutory application: at [24] to [26].

11 The Judge was of the view that the power of the court to appoint receivers
by way of equitable execution was founded on s 4(10) of the Civil Law Act 1909
(2020 Rev Ed) (“CLA”), which provided that “a receiver [may be] appointed by
an interlocutory order of the court”. A plain reading of the provision
suggested that an order under s 4(10) was an “interlocutory order”, which
would require permission before an appeal could be made. This was supported by
a brief perusal of the legislative history of s 4(10), which indicated that s
4(10) was interlocutory in the sense that it may be exercised pending the
final determination of the parties’ rights: at [28] and [29].

12 There was, however, another provision on the appointment of receivers, O 51
r 1(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”), which
addressed the situation where “an application is made for the appointment of a
receiver by way of equitable execution”. The court observed that the exercise
of the power under O 51 r 1(1) appeared to be situated at the point of the
proceedings where the substantive rights of the parties had already been
determined, and where equitable relief was necessary in order for the judgment
creditor to attain the fruits of the court’s determination on the merits. This
was as opposed to the exercise of the power under s 4(10) of the CLA for
preservatory purposes. As such, O 51 r 1(1) of the ROC 2014 was the proper
statutory basis for the Judge’s orders. The Judge’s order for the appointment
of a receiver by way of equitable execution was not an interlocutory one as
the Judge’s orders were premised on a determination of the rights over the
Assets; and there was nothing further for the court to determine once the
Judge’s orders were made: at [30] to [34].

Whether Mdm Zhang was the beneficial owner of the Assets

13 The key substantive issue in the appeals was whether Mdm Zhang was the
beneficial owner of the Assets. The court’s task was to arrive at an objective
assessment of the subjective intentions of the transferor of the Assets; ie,
Mdm Zhang. The relevant time to ascertain a transferor’s intention was the
time the property was transferred to the transferee. On the facts, the
operative time at which Mdm Zhang’s intention should be assessed was 4 June
2014, being the date at which the Deed of Addition was executed and which she
claimed beneficial ownership of the Assets was transferred to Mr Wang and his
children: at [37].

14 Beginning with the Trust Documents, the court noted that these documents
did not expressly deal with the Assets. As such, contrary to Mdm Zhang’s
submission, her intention with respect to the Assets was not wholly determined
with reference to the Trust Documents, but remained an inquiry to be
determined against all the available evidence: at [39] and [43].

15 The Declaration of Trust executed on 3 June 2014 contained a declaration
that the “Trustees”, identified as Asiatrust, held the “Trust Fund” for the
benefit of the “Beneficiaries”. The “Beneficiaries” were identified in the
Third Schedule of the same document as “Wang Xiaofei and his children and
remoter issue”. The Deed of Addition, executed the next day, stated that Mdm
Zhang, as “Settlor” of the Success Elegant Trust, transferred “one (1) fully
paid share… in [SETL]” in addition to the “Trust Fund”. The evidential
significance of the Trust Documents was that it set the contours of the
authority and powers exercisable by Mdm Zhang as the settlor, AsiaTrust as
Trustee, and Mr Wang as the “protector” (as well as the beneficiary to the
Success Elegant Trust together with his descendants). Notably, Mdm Zhang
retained no residual powers under the Declaration of Trust except to terminate
the protector of the trust. If beneficial ownership in the Assets had truly
been transferred by Mdm Zhang, Mdm Zhang’s role would be reduced to acting as
the authorized signatory over the Bank Accounts up till late-March 2015 and as
the sole director of SETL until 3 March 2015 when Mdm Zhang resigned for ATP
Directors Limited to take over as the sole director of SETL: at [39] and [43]
to [45].

16 The events that occurred subsequent to the execution of the Trust Documents
were highly probative of Mdm Zhang’s intention to retain beneficial interest
in the Assets notwithstanding her trust arrangements. One such event was a
series of transfers from 12 June 2014 to 11 February 2015 from the CS Account
to Mdm Zhang and Mr Wang (the “June 2014 to February 2015 CS Transfers”).
Three points arose from these transfers: first, four out of seven of these
transfers were made directly to Mdm Zhang. While Mdm Zhang’s evidence was that
two of these four transfers were made for the benefit of Mr Wang, there was no
valid reason for the moneys to be transferred first to Mdm Zhang’s account.
Secondly, Mdm Zhang was unable to account for two of the transfers, one of
which was for a large sum of US$3m. This was questionable since she was able
to give evidence on the other transfers, and further because the trust was
administered by a professional trustee. Thirdly, there was nothing in the
evidence to show that the trustee, Asiatrust, had directed Mdm Zhang to make
the June 2014 to February 2015 CS Transfers. Indeed, Mdm Zhang did not assert
that she had done so on the instructions of Asiatrust. It was thus odd that
Mdm Zhang was able to direct those transfers unilaterally given the limited
role she was to play as the sole signatory of the CS Account and director of
SETL at this juncture: at [48] to [51].

17 The events that followed the June 2014 to February 2015 CS Transfers
reinforced the court’s conclusion that Mdm Zhang intended to retain beneficial
ownership over the Assets. Around two weeks after the last of the June 2014 to
February 2015 Transfers, the LDV Entities had on 26 February 2015 filed an ex
parte application in the HKCFI to obtain the HK Freezing Orders. The HK
Freezing Orders were granted that same day. The LDV Entities’ evidence is that
Mdm Zhang received notice of the HK Freezing Orders on 2 March 2015 through
her office located in Beijing. The next day, she also attended a meeting with
Mr Roy Kuan, a representative of CVC, and acknowledged her receipt of the HK
Freezing Orders. On 3 and 4 March 2015, Mdm Zhang then proceeded to direct
transfers for substantial amounts out of the DB Account (the “March 2015 DB
Transfers”). Pertinently, some of these transfers were instructed to be made
“soonest” and marked “TOP URGENT”. The court was of the view that when the
great haste with which Mdm Zhang had directed the transfers on 4 March 2015
was taken together with the fact that she had been served the HK Freezing
Orders only one day earlier, it may be inferred that Mdm Zhang had acted as
she did in fear that the Assets in Singapore may also be subject to similar
freezing orders. This urgency spoke to Mdm Zhang’s subjective view that the
Assets were her own rather than vested in Mr Wang and his issue, or SETL for
that matter: at [52] to [55].

18 The court further noted that Mdm Zhang exercised a large extent of control
over the “urgent” transfers made on 4 March 2015. It was clear that Mdm Zhang
saw fit to deal freely with the Assets as she directed certain transfers
without any prior direction from the trustee. Taken together with her limited
if not virtually non-existent role in the Success Elegant Trust, this spoke to
her subjective intention to retain beneficial ownership over the moneys in the
Bank Account: at [59].

19 It was also pertinent that SETL did not act after the Assets in the Bank
Account were frozen following the SG Freezing Orders. At the time of the
hearing before the Judge, several years had lapsed without SETL taking any
action to contest the SG Freezing Orders. The evidence of SETL’s witness, Ms
Angela Edith Pope (“Ms Pope”) was that there was no urgency nor good reason
for SETL to challenge the SG Freezing Orders since the “funds would be
released in due course through the efforts of Mdm Zhang”. The court rejected
this as there was no good reason for SETL to have done so given its case that
it was the absolute owner of the Assets. Further, in the course of the
proceedings, SETL had applied for permission to withdraw $500,000 from the
Bank Accounts to meet operational needs. This was inconsistent with Ms Pope’s
evidence that there was no urgency to seek a release of the Assets. SETL’s
failure to challenge the SG Freezing Orders undermined its case that it was
the absolute owner of the Assets: at [60] to [64].

20 There were three remaining categories of evidence, which the court dealt
with in the following manner:

a. On 5 March 2015, a day after the March 2015 DB Transfers were completed,
the LDV Entities commenced arbitration proceedings in CIETAC against Mdm Zhang
and her associated companies. On 6 March 2015, Mdm Zhang’s solicitors, in
response to the freezing of the DB Account, wrote to DB’s solicitors and
informed them that Mdm Zhang “maintains” the DB Account. This supported the
inference that Mdm Zhang saw the moneys in the DB Account as her own. Also, if
Mdm Zhang saw the moneys in that account as belonging instead to SETL, she
would have immediately informed SETL of the situation. The court inferred that
she did not do so as SETL only came into the picture much later by way of a
letter dated 30 March 2015 by SETL’s solicitors. The late involvement of SETL
suggested that Mdm Zhang had not informed the new shareholder of SETL or the
new director promptly about the Bank Accounts when the share was transferred
or the new director appointed, respectively, at the time of transfer or
appointment: at [69] to [70].

b. On 14 March 2017, the LDV Entities obtained leave to commence committal
proceedings against Mdm Zhang before the HKCFI, claiming that she had breached
the HK Freezing Orders (amongst other claims). In a judgment released on 14
March 2018, the HKCFI found that the LDV Entities had not proven that Mdm
Zhang was the beneficial owner of the Assets, and was therefore not liable for
dissipating the Assets in breach of the HK Freezing Orders. This judgment was
of limited evidential value as the committal proceedings required a higher
standard of proof, ie, beyond a reasonable doubt, while that before the Judge
was on a balance of probabilities. Further, it was not clear what the
evidential basis was for the HKCFI’s observation that it was “reasonably
possible and plausible” that Mdm Zhang authorised the transfers “upon
instructions and at the direction of the trustee” as there was no such
evidence before the court of any such instruction or direction. Therefore,
these views were not sufficient to displace the inferences rightfully drawn by
the Judge in relation to the beneficial ownership of the Asset: at [71] to
[73].

c. In the course of setting up the Bank Accounts, several bank documents were
submitted to CS and DB. Some of these documents, such as an account opening
form submitted to CS, and a risk profile form submitted to DB, reflected that
Mdm Zhang was the “beneficial owner” of the account. While there was a ‘W-8BEN
Form’ submitted by SETL to CS where SETL is declared as the “beneficial owner”
of the income of the CS Account, the court found that the collective weight of
the evidence outweighed the inference to be drawn from the W-8BEN Form: at
[75] to [85] and [87].

21 For the above reasons, the court dismissed the appeals: at [88].

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s grounds
of decision. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the
Court. All numbers in bold font and square brackets refer to the corresponding
paragraph numbers in the Court’s grounds of decision.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 03 Jul 2023 (11:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

