Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 190

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9210 of 2022/01

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Loh Cheok San  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law — Abetment — Abetment by conspiracy]

[Criminal Law — Cheating]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Appeal]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Loh Cheok San

[2023] SGHC 190

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9210 of 2022/01  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
20 February 2023

13 July 2023 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill J:

1 This appeal concerns the application of the one-transaction rule and the
totality principle. The present case involves two amalgamated charges under s
124(4) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) of
abetting the offence of cheating by way of conspiracy under s 420 read with s
109 of the Penal Code 1871 (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”). The
Respondent had not only (a) conspired with six others and his employer,
Vermont UM Bunkering Pte Ltd (“Vermont”), to cheat its customers into making
excess payments for marine fuel oil (“the Second Charge”), but had also (b)
further conspired with his manager and another employee to cheat Vermont of
parts of these ill-gotten gains (“the First Charge”). The Respondent pleaded
guilty to and was convicted on both charges. He was sentenced to 35 months’
imprisonment for the First Charge and 65 months’ imprisonment for the Second
Charge, with both sentences ordered to run concurrently. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“ROP”) at p 65.

It is against this aggregate sentence which the Appellant appeals. The
Appellant is not appealing against the individual sentences which were meted
out for the two charges.

Background facts

2 The Respondent, a 51-year-old Singaporean, was employed as a cargo officer
by Vermont, a company in the business of oil trading and ship bunkering. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP at p 59.

His role was to oversee the operation of bunker barges in supplying fuel to
vessels. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP at p 60.

3 From 2014 to 2016, the Respondent, members of Vermont’s senior and middle
management, together with the company, engaged in a scheme to cheat Vermont’s
customers by way of “buyback” transactions. These transactions operated in the
following manner. The Respondent and his co-conspirators would first target
vessels which possessed excess or remaining marine fuel oil in their tanks.
They would then collude with the chief engineer or the captain of such a
vessel to supply less marine fuel oil to the vessel than what was ordered by
the vessel’s owner. This was essentially done by “buying back” the excess
marine fuel oil held by the vessel before “adding” the full amount ordered by
the vessel’s owner. The agreed price for the “buyback”, which was paid to the
chief engineer or the captain of the vessel, would usually be lower than the
market rate. The fuel oil which was “bought back” could then be sold by
Vermont at a higher rate, allowing it to profit from the difference.

4 The Respondent’s role in this scheme was to inform his bunker manager
whenever there was an opportunity for a “buyback” transaction, and to
facilitate the transfer of cash between the chief engineer or captain and the
bunker manager. Over a span of about two years, the Respondent participated in
52 of such “buyback” transactions. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP at p 10.

This resulted in Vermont’s customers being cheated of a total of approximately
USD$3,645,976. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP at p 11.

Of this sum, the Respondent earned a “commission” of at least $43,600. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP at p 13.

5 In addition to this scheme, the Respondent also conspired with the bunker
manager and another cargo officer to cheat Vermont of part of the moneys
gained from the “buyback” transactions. They did so by falsely representing to
Vermont in each transaction that either the price or quantity or both the
price and quantity of the fuel which was “bought back” were higher than they
actually were. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP at pp 12 and 63.

These over-declarations allowed the Respondent and his accomplices to pocket
the excess sums beyond what was actually paid to the chief engineers and/or
captains, and they thereby induced Vermont to pay them more commission than
they were “entitled” to. Vermont suffered a “loss” of about USD$980,000, of
which the Respondent gained approximately USD$314,961 (or $410,712). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROP at p 13.

6 These facts form the basis for the two charges against the Respondent:

(a) The First Charge, under s 124(4) of the CPC, of abetment by conspiracy to
cheat Vermont by over-reporting the price and quantity of marine fuel oil
actually “bought back” under s 420 read with s 109 of the Penal Code; and

(b) The Second Charge, under s 124(4) of the CPC, of abetment by conspiracy to
cheat Vermont’s customers through the scheme involving “buyback” transactions
under s 420 read with s 109 of the Penal Code.

Decision below

7 The Respondent pleaded guilty to both charges and was sentenced to 35
months’ imprisonment for the First Charge and 65 months’ imprisonment for the
Second Charge. Both custodial sentences were ordered to run concurrently.

8 The District Judge began by observing that the incidents underlying the
Second Charge “gave rise” to the incidents pertaining to the First Charge, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP at p 69, para 21.

and thus both offences could be said to stem from or relate to the same 52
transactions. There was also proximity in time, proximity of purpose,
proximity of location, and continuity of design between the corresponding
incidents underlying the two charges. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP at p 69, para 21.

9 Turning to the legal interests which were violated in the present case, the
District Judge acknowledged that the interests protected by the two charges
were different. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROP at p 71, para 25.

He also agreed that the two offences involved different victims. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP at p 70, para 23.

Nevertheless, he found that the two offences were “inextricably related”. This
provided a strong indication that the general rule in Public Prosecutor v
Raveen Balakrishnan [2018] 5 SLR 799 (“Raveen”), ie, that the sentences for
unrelated offences should run consecutively, should not be engaged. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP at p 70, para 23.

10 In support, the District Judge appeared to take the view that Vermont did
not have a legitimate interest deserving of protection under the First Charge.
I reproduce the relevant portions of his decision here:

24 … In a sense, Vermont’s losses were merely a corresponding reduction of its
illegal gains. Consequently, I agreed with counsel that the real victims were
the ship owners and not Vermont.

25 I would not go so far as to entirely agree with counsel that the legal
interests of the ship owners and that of Vermont were in fact the same. I did
appreciate that there were factual and conceptual differences. Nonetheless, I
agreed with counsel that Vermont, being the [sic] one of the conspirators in
the second charge (of cheating the ship owners) cannot morally claim to be
entitled to have a legitimate interest to be protected in respect of the first
charge …

26 I fully agreed with counsel, both in principal and sentiment, that the
court should not “jealously” protect and guard Vermont’s interest as a victim
in respect of the first charge. Indeed, I found it rather peculiar, if not
also perverse, that the law should operate (and the court be required) to
protect Vermont’s legal interest in the first charge in relation to its losses
which were illegal proceeds (or linked to the illegal proceeds) which it
acquired for being complicit in the second charge of cheating its many
clients. I would respectfully decline to exercise my discretion to protect
Vermont’s legal interest in the first charge and did not order the sentence
for that charge to run consecutively with the sentence for the second charge.

11 The District Judge also considered the fact that the Respondent has been
charged, convicted and sentenced for both offences as already addressing the
different legal interests in respect of both offences. He also added that the
acknowledgment that both offences concern different legal interests does not,
by itself, address the question of whether the two legal interests must
invariably be protected by ordering both sentences to run consecutively.

12 Taking into account the Respondent’s guilty plea and his finding that the
aggregate sentence did not run afoul of the totality principle, the District
Judge ordered both sentences to run concurrently.

The parties’ cases

The Appellant’s case

13 The Appellant argues that the global sentence of 65 months’ imprisonment is
manifestly inadequate and should be enhanced for three reasons.

14 First, the District Judge had erred in ordering the two custodial sentences
to run concurrently. According to the Appellant, the two offences did not form
part of the same transaction and the Respondent must be separately punished
for each offence by running the two sentences consecutively. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions dated 10 February 2023 (“AWS”) at para 34.

Even if the two offences formed part of the same transaction, the Appellant
maintains that consecutive sentences should be imposed to reflect the
Respondent’s enhanced culpability and the need for general and specific
deterrence. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AWS at paras 37 to 41.

15 Second, the District Judge had failed to give sufficient weight to the
totality of the Respondent’s offending conduct. The Appellant submits that the
Respondent’s conduct had caused substantial harm to Vermont’s customers and
the public interest, resulted in significant pecuniary gain to the Respondent,
involved a premeditated and well-planned scheme, and was committed as part of
a criminal syndicate. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AWS at para 23.

These aggravating factors justify an upward calibration in the aggregate
sentence. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AWS at para 43.

The Appellant also argues that the District Judge had placed “undue weight” on
the Respondent’s guilty plea. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AWS at para 45.

16 Third, the Appellant takes the position that a global sentence of 100
months’ imprisonment, which involves running the two sentences consecutively,
is more consistent with sentences meted out in previous cases. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AWS at paras 47ff.

The Respondent’s case

17 On the other hand, the Respondent argues that the aggregate sentence of 65
months’ imprisonment is not manifestly inadequate.

18 First, the Respondent submits that the District Judge had correctly applied
the one-transaction rule. The two offences were “intimately related” in so far
as the subject matter of the First Charge, the excess payments made by Vermont
to the Respondent and his co-conspirators, was essentially derived from the
subject matter of the Second Charge, the excess payments made by Vermont’s
customers to Vermont. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions dated 9 February 2023 (“RWS”) at para 9.

The two offences also involved the same victims – Vermont’s customers. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

RWS at para 11.

Accordingly, the two offences should be treated as part of the same
transaction. The Respondent also argues that there is no basis for deviating
from the rule that the sentences for offences forming part of the same
transaction should be ordered to run concurrently. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

RWS at paras 18-21.

19 Second, the Respondent points to several factors which he deems relevant to
the determination of an appropriate global sentence. These include the
Respondent’s cooperation in the investigations of the Corrupt Practices
Investigation Bureau, the fact that the Respondent played a minor role
compared to his co-conspirators, and the Respondent’s relatively insubstantial
benefit from the illegal acts. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

RWS at para 23.

A consideration of these factors leads to the conclusion that the sentence of
65 months’ imprisonment is not manifestly inadequate.

20 Third, the District Judge had failed to consider the relevant sentencing
precedents, which stress that the actual role played by each conspirator and
the personal benefit derived by them must be considered. To this end, the
Respondent stresses that extra care must be exercised in referring to past
cases concerning cheating offences involving single offenders. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

RWS at para 24.

Issues to be determined

21 In my view, addressing the following two issues will assist in deciding
whether the total sentence of 65 months’ imprisonment should be disturbed on
appeal:

(a) Whether the one-transaction rule applies in the present case; and

(b) How, if at all, the totality principle affects the final sentence.

Preliminary issue: The threshold of appellate intervention in sentencing

22 The parties agree on the well-established principles governing appellate
intervention in a trial judge’s sentencing decision. Specifically, the
appellate court will not ordinarily disturb the sentence imposed by the trial
judge except where it is satisfied that (Haliffie bin Mamat v Public
Prosecutor and other appeals [2016] 5 SLR 636 (“Haliffie”) at [71]):

(a) the trial judge erred with respect to the proper factual basis for
sentencing;

(b) the trial judge failed to appreciate the materials placed before him;

(c) the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d) the sentence was manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate, as the
case may be.

23 The following analysis, pertaining to the two issues stated at [21], will
focus on grounds (c) and (d) – whether the aggregate sentence of 65 months’
imprisonment is wrong in principle or manifestly inadequate. Where the
exercise of the sentencing judge’s discretion is contrary to principle, the
appellate court must reconsider the sentence afresh on the basis of the
correct facts and/or principles. If a higher or lower sentence is more
appropriate on this basis, the appeal ought to be allowed: Kavitha d/o
Mailvaganam v Public Prosecutor [2017] 4 SLR 1349 (“Kavitha”) at [15]. Even if
the sentencing judge has not erred in principle, a sentence may be manifestly
excessive or inadequate if it requires substantial alterations rather than
minute corrections to remedy the injustice: Haliffie at [72].

Issue 1: Whether the one-transaction rule applies

24 The one-transaction rule states that where two or more offences are
committed in the course of a single transaction, all sentences in respect of
those offences should generally be run concurrently rather than consecutively:
Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”) at
[27] citing Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“Law Aik
Meng”) at [52]. The question of whether the various offences form part of a
single transaction depends on whether they constitute a “single invasion of
the same legally protected interest”: Raveen at [39]. In deciding this
question, the court may also consider the proximities in time and place,
continuity of action and continuity in purpose or design with respect to the
offences. Ultimately, the one-transaction rule is a rule of fairness which
rests on the notion that an offender should not be doubly punished for what is
essentially the same conduct, even though that conduct may disclose several
distinct offences at law: Raveen at [69].

25 That being said, the one-transaction rule is not mandatory and may be
departed from in order for the court to arrive at a just sentence: Seng Foo
Building Construction Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2017] 3 SLR 201 at [67].
For instance, the court may order multiple sentences to run consecutively even
where the offences form part of a single transaction. This may be done to give
effect to a particular sentencing interest such as deterrence or to adequately
capture the enhanced culpability of the offender: Shouffee at [81(b)]. Should
the court decide to deviate from the rule, it should state the reasons or
considerations for doing so. This pre-empts any contention that its decision
was made in ignorance of the rule: Shouffee at [46].

26 The one-transaction rule should also be understood alongside the
complementary principle set out in Raveen that the sentences for unrelated
offences should run consecutively. This principle and the one-transaction rule
are “two sides of the same coin”. In other words, to say that two offences are
“unrelated” means that they are not “part of a single transaction”;
conversely, to describe them as “part of a single transaction” means they are
not “unrelated”: Raveen at [69]. Offenders will thus be prevented from
receiving unwarranted discounts for what are essentially separate criminal
courses of conduct.

27 Turning to the present case, I take the view that the District Judge had
erred in his application of the relevant legal principles, regardless of
whether the analysis is undertaken in the context of the one-transaction rule
or the complementary principle on unrelated offences in Raveen. I acknowledge
that the one-transaction rule and the rule in Raveen should be viewed as
guidelines instead of determinative or comprehensive rules to be rigidly
applied: see Shouffee at [37]. This provides the court with the necessary
flexibility to achieve the ends of justice within the context of each case. I
am therefore concerned not with the fact that the District Judge had exercised
his discretion in the course of his decision, but whether the reasons he
relied on were defensible or correct in principle.

28 The crux of the issue lies in whether there had been a single invasion of a
legally protected interest. I agree with the Appellant that different legal
interests were violated by the two offences. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AWS at para 27.

This was not lost on the District Judge, who recognised that the legal
interests at play were “conceptually different”. This finding would have
presumably led the District Judge to the conclusion that the two offences did
not form part of a single transaction or, on the flipside, that the two
offences were unrelated. As such, consecutive sentences would have been
warranted.

29 However, the District Judge held that the two offences were nonetheless
linked and that their respective sentences should run concurrently. This was
because the two offences stemmed and related to the same set of 52
transactions. He also placed much emphasis on the fact that Vermont was not a
“real” victim and that it could not “morally claim to be entitled to have a
legitimate interest to be protected”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP at p 71, paras 24-25.

Because of these reasons, the District Judge “respectfully decline[d] to
exercise [his] discretion” to protect Vermont’s legal interest in the First
Charge and did not order the sentences to run consecutively. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROP at p 72, para 26.

30 The analysis of the District Judge, as summarised in the preceding
paragraphs above, does not, with respect, stand up to scrutiny.

31 First, it is unclear whether he considered the two offences to form part of
the same transaction, in the context of the one transaction rule. On one hand,
his acknowledgment that separate legal interests were violated by the two
offences indicates that both offences did not form one transaction (or, in
other words, that they were unrelated). On the other hand, the District Judge
ordered the sentences to run concurrently by declining to exercise his
discretion. This implies that the District Judge viewed the offences as one
transaction (or as related offences) such that the default position, if he
declined to exercise his discretion, would be for the sentences to run
concurrently under the one transaction rule. Moreover, the District Judge’s
pronouncement that the two offences were “inextricably related” suggests that
they formed part of the same transaction: see Raveen at [44], [53], [54] and
[69]. Despite this apparent contradiction, I accept that a holistic reading of
the District Judge’s decision suggests that the District Judge had found the
offences to be unrelated but had nonetheless exercised his discretion to
depart from the general rule in Raveen.

32 This brings me to my second point. I do not agree that the reasons
proffered by the District Judge are sufficient to either justify a departure
from the general rule on unrelated offences in Raveen or to support a finding
that the two offences formed part of the same transaction. The foundation of
the one-transaction rule was articulated in Shouffee at [31]:

On this formulation, the real basis of the one-transaction rule is unity of
the violated interest that underlies the various offences. Where multiple
offences are found to be proximate as a matter of fact but violate different
legally protected interests, then they would not, at least as a general rule,
be regarded as forming a single transaction. However, it should be said for
the avoidance of doubt that even if this offers a better rationale for the
one-transaction rule, that does not make it a test which is to be rigidly
applied. As will be evident from the analysis that is set out below, even
where a sentencing judge is able to identify that a set of offences violates
different legally protected interests, it does not always or necessarily
follow that those offences cannot be regarded as part of the same transaction.

33 It is therefore clear that the court may find that two offences form part
of the same transaction (and are, in other words, related) even when they
violate different legal interests. Instances in which the court may make such
a finding include where a rigid focus on the diversity of interests violated
may lead to the counterintuitive outcome that the accused would have been
better off committing a more serious offence: see Shouffee at [38]. However, I
am not satisfied that the ostensible factual links between the two offences,
as identified by the District Judge above at [29], are sufficient to support a
finding of one transaction or, on the flipside, that the general rule on
unrelated offences should be departed from.

34 I accept that it was only possible for Vermont to have been cheated of
those sums because Vermont had cheated its customers in the first place. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

RWS at para 9.

It is also true that the two offences were proximate in time and location.
However, these factors do not, by themselves, justify a finding that the
offences comprised a single transaction. Employing the example raised by the
High Court in Shouffee at [33] of a date rapist who rapes and steals from his
victim, the two offences would be indisputably proximate in time and location.
The circumstances surrounding the first offence of rape may also have afforded
the date rapist the opportunity to carry out the second offence of theft.
Following the analysis in Shouffee, however, the court may nonetheless find
that the two separate interests which have been implicated warrant separate
punishment in such a scenario. Indeed, in most situations where the one-
transaction rule is potentially applicable, the offences will inevitably
possess some form of factual link: see, eg, Ewe Pang Kooi v Public Prosecutor
[2022] SGHC 300 at [51]–[54]. This may include the proximity of time and/or
location, and it will thus be unsurprising if the commission of one offence
affords the offender the opportunity to carry out another.

35 On a broader note, I disagree with the District Judge that the offences
should be viewed as “inextricably related” on the facts. Here, the two schemes
underlying the two offences clearly involved different courses of conduct. The
conspiracy underlying the Second Charge was a sophisticated one involving
multiple stakeholders, including a director of Vermont. In order to avoid
detection, the co-conspirators would even pump the volume of marine fuel which
was “bought back” into Vermont’s barge tank before supplying the full volume
ordered by the vessels’ owners. This caused the flow meter (introduced by the
Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore) to generate inaccurate data
regarding how much marine fuel was supplied. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROP at p 11, para 12.

Conversely, the conspiracy underlying the First Charge was a relatively simple
one carried out by employees of Vermont who saw their chance to make a quick
buck by reporting inaccurate figures. The schemes were therefore carried out
by separate (albeit overlapping) groups of individuals and differed in
complexity. In my view, this also demonstrates that continuity of design did
not exist between the corresponding incidents underlying the two charges.

36 The conspiracies also targeted different victims – the Second Charge
targeted Vermont’s customers while the First Charge targeted Vermont. While I
accept that Vermont’s customers were the only entities who had lost moneys
which rightfully belonged to them, it does not follow from these contentions
that Vermont was not a “real” victim. Vermont was dishonestly induced to make
additional payments to the Respondent and his co-conspirators for the First
Charge through the false representations which they made to Vermont. Vermont
was therefore a victim for the purposes of the First Charge. As the two
schemes were aimed at separate victims, I cannot agree with the District
Judge’s finding that both offences shared the proximity of purpose. Therefore,
given that the two offences stemmed from two distinct courses of conduct with
the respective objectives of targeting different victims through different
means, the one-transaction rule is not engaged to prevent the Respondent from
being doubly punished for the two criminal courses of action.

37 The District Judge also seemed particularly swayed by the notion that
Vermont had no moral claim for protection under the law because it had itself
conspired with the Respondent to commit another crime. This calls to mind the
age-old principle of ex dolo malo non oritur actio – no court will lend its
aid to a man who founds his cause of action upon an immoral or illegal act
(Moore Stephens (a firm) v Stone Rolls Ltd (in liquidation) [2009] AC 1391 at
[26] citing Holman v Johnson (1775) 1 Cowp 341 at 343). While this principle
bears relevance to disputes arising in the civil context, it has little
application in the realm of criminal law: Rex v Tan Ah Seng [1935] MLJ 273
(“Tan”).

38 In Tan, the offender was charged with criminal breach of trust. He
misappropriated $40 which he had received for the purpose of renting a house
to be used as a brothel. Although the money was entrusted to the offender for
a criminal purpose, the court held that the word “property” in the relevant
provision was wide enough to encompass such money. The court focused on the
wrongful gain which had accrued to the offender and found “no reason… to allow
a man to escape punishment for one crime because he has conspired with the
complainant to commit another”. These pronouncements were endorsed by the
Court of Appeal in Raj Kumar s/o Brisa Besnath v Public Prosecutor [2021] SGCA
88 (“Raj”) at [8]. In particular, the Court of Appeal in Raj held at [9] that
a bare possessory right to the property in question was sufficient to satisfy
the relevant legal element for the crime of criminal breach of trust.

39 I am cognisant that the principles espoused in Tan and Raj pertain to the
question of criminal liability. In other words, the two cases support the
proposition that a man should not escape criminal liability for a crime simply
because he has conspired with the complainant to commit another. Nevertheless,
these principles provide a useful guide for the present case, albeit in the
specific sentencing context of deciding whether the only two sentences which
an accused is facing should be run consecutively or concurrently. This is
because the practical effect of the District Judge’s decision is to exempt the
Respondent from serving his sentence for the First Charge simply because the
victim for that charge was a co-conspirator in the Second Charge. In my view,
this results in the same undesirable outcome which the principles in Tan and
Raj seek to address. The application of these principles to the present case
indicates that the focus should remain on the criminality of the Respondent's
conduct, regardless of whether Vermont was a “real” victim for the purposes of
the First Charge.

40 This is in line with the fact that, on a more fundamental basis, the
criminal law is primarily concerned with the punishment of the offender for
his own criminal conduct (Guay Seng Tiong Nickson v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3
SLR 1079 at [69]), rather than the protection of the victim’s rights. Vermont,
as a co-conspirator to the Second Charge, may not have suffered any wrongful
loss, as conceived in a moral sense. This does not, however, detract from the
fact that the Respondent had committed two distinct offences by engaging in
two separate conspiracies targeted at different victims. As such, even leaving
aside my earlier finding at [36] that Vermont is a victim for the purposes of
the First Charge, the two sentences should nevertheless be run consecutively.
This is because to hold otherwise would be to effectively allow the Respondent
to escape punishment for his criminal conduct underlying the First Charge.

41 Accordingly, I do not agree with the reasons provided by the District Judge
which go towards his finding that the two offences formed part of the same
transaction or alternatively that a departure from the general rule on
unrelated offences in Raveen was warranted. As such, the sentences for these
offences ought to run consecutively. The imposition of concurrent sentences
for the two offences would result in the perverse and unjust outcome of the
offender not having to bear any real consequences for his additional
offending: see Public Prosecutor v Yap Pow Foo [2023] SGHC 79 at [124] citing
Muhammad Sutarno bin Nasir v Public Prosecutor [2018] 2 SLR 647 at [22].

42 There is also no further basis for the court to exercise its discretion to
depart from the rule on unrelated offences here. For the avoidance of doubt,
the aggravating and mitigating factors which the Appellant and the Respondent
have raised in their submissions were similarly placed before the District
Judge. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROP at pp 80-83, 85-86 and 198-199.

The District Judge would therefore have considered these factors in arriving
at the individual sentence for each charge, which the parties have not
appealed against. As these factors have already been given effect to at an
earlier stage of the sentencing analysis, I am careful not to accord them
undue weight in relation to how the sentences should run: see Raveen at
[91]–[92]. As such, these factors are not directly germane to the issues in
this appeal. I note, however, that the District Judge found the Respondent’s
plea of guilt to be a pertinent factor which “tilt[ed] the balance further in
favour of a concurrent sentence”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROP at p 73.

I disagree. The plea was entered more than four years after the Respondent was
first charged in court. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AWS at para 46.

It is thus not representative of the Respondent’s remorse with respect to the
two offences and will not, in any case, warrant the running of the two
sentences concurrently.

43 In the alternative, even if I am wrong in concluding that the two offences
did not comprise a single transaction, a departure from the straightforward
application of the one-transaction rule is warranted on the facts. As
explained earlier at [25], the one-transaction rule is not a mandatory rule
and may be departed from in order for the court to arrive at a just outcome.
In Shouffee, the High Court held at [41] that:

There may well be circumstances where a sentencing judge may order two
sentences to run consecutively even though they are in relation to offences
that do form part of a single transaction. One instance of this is where the
straightforward application of the one-transaction rule results in the
offender benefitting from the court’s failure to have regard to the enhanced
culpability that is reflected in the multiplicity of the offences that have
been committed.

44 As noted at [35]–[36] above, for the First Charge, the Respondent had
entered into a separate conspiracy (a) involving a different group of
individuals, (b) of a different complexity, (c) with a different objective and
(d) targeting a different victim. These factors reflect an enhanced level of
culpability arising from the conspiracy underlying the First Charge, which
will not be adequately encapsulated in the sentence meted out for the Second
Charge alone. I am therefore satisfied that the imposition of consecutive
sentences is appropriate on the present facts.

45 As a corollary to my conclusion on this issue, the Respondent faces a
global sentence of 100 months’ imprisonment.

Issue 2: Whether the totality principle affects the final sentence

46 Given my finding that the District Judge’s decision on the preceding issue
is contrary to principle, I turn to consider the appropriate aggregate
sentence afresh on the basis that the two sentences should run consecutively:
see Kavitha at [15]. This raises the further question of whether the totality
principle applies to recalibrate the global sentence of 100 months’
imprisonment.

47 The totality principle serves as a “final check” to ensure that the
aggregate sentence is proportionate to the overall criminality presented and
is not excessive: Raveen at [65]. This principle comprises two limbs (Raveen
at [73]):

(a) to examine whether the aggregate sentence is substantially above the
normal level of sentences for the most serious of the individual offences
committed; and

(b) to examine whether the effect of the aggregate sentence on the offender is
crushing and not in keeping with his past record and future prospects.

If the court finds that the totality principle has been engaged, it may opt
for a different combination of sentences to run concurrently or consecutively,
or adjust the individual sentences imposed: Shouffee at [81(i)].

48 On the first limb, I must consider whether the global sentence of 100
months’ imprisonment is substantially above the normal level of sentences for
the crime of engaging in a conspiracy to cheat under s 420 read with s 109 of
the Penal Code. Both the Appellant and the Respondent raise precedents which,
according to them, support their respective submissions on the appropriate
global sentence. These precedents are instructive in elucidating the normal
level of sentences imposed for this crime.

49 In response to the precedents submitted by the Appellant, the Respondent
argues that the court should take “extra care” in referring to cheating
offences which involve single offenders and should take guidance primarily
from cases involving conspiracies to cheat. This contention holds little
merit.

50 The court must, of course, be careful in referring to appropriate
precedents. This ensures that the yardstick for comparison is borne out of
cases involving similar circumstances: see Shouffee at [56]. Yet, precedents
involving cheating offences under s 420 of the Penal Code can be of utility to
the present case even if they were carried out by a single offender. A
conspiracy is, at its heart, an agreement between persons to engage in a
common criminal object: Goldring, Timothy Nicholas v Public Prosecutor [2015]
4 SLR 742 (“Goldring”) at [47]. Where these persons act together in pursuance
of this common criminal object, every act done in furtherance of this object
by each of them will be taken, in law, to be done by all: see United Kingdom
Law Commission, Conspiracy and Attempts (Law Com No 318, 2009) at para 1.59
(Chairman: The Right Honourable Lord Justice Munby) citing R v Macklin (1838)
2 Lewin 225 at 226; Er Joo Nguang and another v Public Prosecutor [2000] 1
SLR(R) 756 (“Er Joo Nguang”) at [30]. Parties to a conspiracy are therefore
jointly engaged in the criminal enterprise as if they had each entered into it
by themselves, although their respective punishments may differ depending on
their level of involvement and culpability: see Er Joo Nguang at [26]. This is
affirmed by the fact that an accused person facing a charge read with s 109 of
the Penal Code for abetting an offence by conspiracy may be punished with the
very punishment provided for that offence.

51 In my view, when the court deals with charges involving abetment by
conspiracy, suitable precedents should be identified with reference to the
facts of the overall criminal enterprise and not simply whether they involved
a single offender or multiple offenders working in tandem. Such an approach
was adopted by the High Court in Goldring, where it considered precedents
relating to single offenders even though the charge in that case involved a
conspiracy to cheat. Similarly, in Public Prosecutor v Lam Leng Hung and other
appeals [2017] 4 SLR 474 at [396]–[397], the High Court identified starting
points for the offence of engaging in a conspiracy to commit criminal breach
of trust based in part on the available precedents involving single offenders.
It is therefore on this basis that I proceed to consider the precedents
submitted by the parties for the purposes of identifying the normal level of
sentences for cheating offences under s 420 of the Penal Code.

52 The first precedent raised by the Appellant is Public Prosecutor v Gene
Chong Soon Hui [2018] SGDC 117 (“Gene Chong”). The offender was a finance
manager who created fictitious transactions and misrepresented that payments
were due to cheat his company of about $3.2m. No restitution was made. He
faced 165 cheating charges and pleaded guilty to 15 proceeded cheating charges
involving about $1m in total. The 15 charges took place over the course of
about five years. The District Court sentenced the offender to 33 months’
imprisonment for each cheating charge, with a global sentence of 132 months’
imprisonment.

53 The second case relied on by the Appellant is Public Prosecutor v Neo
Aileen [2013] SGDC 315 (“Neo”). The offender had cheated the victim of USD$1m
by offering her an attractive exchange rate. No restitution was made. The
offender pleaded guilty to two cheating charges involving USD$500,000 each.
She was sentenced to 39 months’ imprisonment for each charge, with an
aggregate sentence of 78 months’ imprisonment.

54 The overall criminal enterprises in the two cases above share similar
features with the facts of the present case, such as the quantum of losses
suffered by the victims and the absence of restitution. It should, however, be
observed that the offenders in those cases obtained higher pecuniary benefits
than the Respondent – a fact to which I shall return to below.

55 On the other hand, the Respondent relies heavily on the case of Tay Huay
Hong v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 290 (“Tay”). The offender was charged
with criminal conspiracy to cheat a company of a total sum of US$3.75m. He
obtained a pecuniary benefit of USD$300,000. Restitution was subsequently made
of this sum. He claimed trial and was sentenced to 20 months’ imprisonment for
the single cheating charge. I do not place much weight on Tay as an indicator
of the normal level of sentences imposed for an offence under s 420 of the
Penal Code for two reasons.

56 First, the cheating offence in Tay was committed under the Penal Code 1871
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). Under that version of the Penal Code, the punishment
for an offence under s 420 was a maximum imprisonment term of seven years with
a liability to a fine. The maximum imprisonment term was however increased to
ten years in 2008 for cheating offences committed on or after 1 February 2008.
It is trite that sentencing precedents relating to an earlier version of the
same offence that has a different prescribed punishment are of low
precedential value: Kow Keng Siong, Sentencing Principles in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2019) (“Kow”) at para 13.131. Specifically, for
offences under the earlier version of s 420, the court would have calibrated
the sentences with reference to the maximum sentence of seven years’
imprisonment. It therefore stands to reason that the sentences in these
earlier cases would have been correspondingly lower.

57 Second, in arriving at the overall sentence, the trial judge in Tay
expressly considered the fact that full restitution was made by the offender.
Restitution is usually a relevant sentencing consideration which carries
mitigating value. This is because it provides some evidence of remorse, good
character or reformation: Public Prosecutor v Fernando Payagala Waduge Malitha
Kumar [2007] 2 SLR(R) 334 at [50]. As this mitigating factor is absent on the
present facts, the utility of Tay as a sentencing precedent is accordingly
limited.

58 The Respondent also raised the case of Gan Chai Bee Anne v Public
Prosecutor [2019] 4 SLR 838 (“Anne Gan”). I do not, however, find this case to
be helpful for the purposes of this issue as it concerned charges under s 6(c)
of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) instead of the
cheating offence under s 420 of the Penal Code.

59 Having considered the precedents raised by the parties, I accept that the
normal range of sentences imposed for a single cheating charge involving
similar circumstances to the present case is between 33 and 39 months’
imprisonment. This is supported by other precedents involving conspiracies to
cheat. For example, in Public Prosecutor v Koh Seah Wee and another [2012] 1
SLR 292 (“Koh”), the two offenders, who were working in the Singapore Land
Authority (“the SLA”), conspired to cheat the SLA of about $12m over three
years. About $9m was recovered in money and assets, leaving a total loss of
between $3m and $4.5m – a sum comparable to the present case. The two
offenders pleaded guilty to, inter alia, cheating offences under s 420 as well
as s 420 read with s 109 of the Penal Code. The High Court imposed a sentence
of four years’ (or 48 months’) imprisonment for each cheating offence with
respect to both offenders. This included the second accused who was the junior
employee but played a vital role in the conspiracy. In my respectful view, the
sentence imposed in Koh affirms my view that the normal range of sentences
applicable in this case is 33 to 39 months’ imprisonment, given that the case
at hand does not possess the additional aggravating factor of defrauding
public bodies of public funds.

60 Comparing the aggregate sentence of 100 months’ imprisonment with the range
of sentences normally imposed for a charge of cheating under s 420 of the
Penal Code, I am of the opinion that the aggregate sentence is substantially
above the range of 33 to 39 months’ imprisonment. The sentence of 100 months’
imprisonment, which stands at about two and a half to three times the
identified range, will have a compounding effect on the severity of the
sentence which is disproportionate to the Respondent’s overall criminality:
see Raveen at [16].

61 I am also cognisant of some differences between the present case and the
relevant precedents (Gene Chong and Neo) from which the above range is drawn.
On one hand, the Respondent in this case had gained a lower amount of
pecuniary benefit than the offenders in those precedents (as observed at
[54]). On the other hand, the sums cheated in the present case exceed the
losses suffered by the victims in those cases.

62 In addition, the present case differs from the relevant precedents in that
it involves amalgamated charges arising from 52 distinct transactions. I note
that the doubling of the court’s sentencing jurisdiction for amalgamated
charges as provided for in s 124(8) of the CPC only applies to acts which take
place on or after 31 October 2018: see s 124(10) of the CPC read with Criminal
Justice Reform Act 2018 (Commencement) (No. 2) Notification 2018 (No. S 721).
As the acts underlying the present charges were committed between 2014 and
2016, s 124(8) of the CPC does not operate. The range of sentences normally
imposed may potentially be adjusted upwards for amalgamated charges framed in
respect of acts committed on or after 31 October 2018. That being said, I
accept the general proposition that a person who commits multiple acts of
offending should, all else being equal, be treated more harshly than one who
commits a one-off act, even if both courses of conduct result in the same
outcome: Public Prosecutor v Song Hauming Oskar and another appeal [2021] 5
SLR 965 at [69]–[70].

63 Keeping in mind the overall criminality of the Respondent’s conduct across
the two amalgamated charges, I find that an aggregate sentence of 80 months’
imprisonment is appropriate. In the light of my earlier finding that the two
sentences should run consecutively, I reduce the aggregate sentence from 100
months’ imprisonment to 80 months’ imprisonment by recalibrating the sentence
for the Second Charge to 45 months’ imprisonment.

64 For completeness, even if I am incorrect in my earlier finding that the two
sentences should run consecutively, I am satisfied that the totality principle
should operate to increase the accused’s global sentence from 65 months’ to 80
months’ imprisonment. In Anne Gan, the High Court explained at [20] that the
totality principle may serve to boost sentences if they would otherwise result
in a manifestly inadequate overall sentence:

This aspect of the inquiry relies on the totality principle, which has
generally been taken to possess a limiting function, in the sense that it
operates to prevent the court from imposing an excessive overall sentence.
That is why it usually examines whether the aggregate sentence is
“substantially above” the normal level of sentences for the most serious of
the individual offences committed and whether its effect on the offender would
be “crushing” and not in keeping with his past record and future prospects:
Shouffee [54] and [57]. But as a matter of logic, the totality principle is
equally capable of having a boosting effect on individual sentences where they
would otherwise result in a manifestly inadequate overall sentence. This is
because the totality principle requires not only that the overall sentence not
be excessive but also that it not be inadequate. As the Court of Appeal
explained in Haliffie bin Mamat v PP [2016] 5 SLR 636, “the totality principle
recommends a broad-brushed ‘last look’ at all the facts and circumstances to
ensure the overall proportionality of the aggregate sentence” [emphasis
added]. In a similar vein, in ADF v PP [2010] 1 SLR 874 at [146], the Court of
Appeal said, “In the ultimate analysis, the court has to assess the totality
of the aggregate sentence with the totality of the criminal behaviour.” And
Shouffee itself contemplates that the principle is capable of boosting
individual sentences for it is stated there that the sentencing judge may
consider running more than two sentences consecutively if the accused is shown
to be a persistent and habitual offender, where there are extraordinary
cumulative aggravating factors or where there is a particular public interest
(at [81(j)]).

[italics in original, emphasis added in bold]

65 Given the totality of the Respondent’s criminality as summarised at [44],
the global sentence of 65 months’ imprisonment would, in my view, be
manifestly inadequate. A boost to the sentence to 80 months’ imprisonment
would therefore be warranted to ensure that the sentence is proportionate to
the facts and circumstances of the present case.

66 Finally, I do not consider the sentence of 80 months’ imprisonment to be
crushing or not in keeping with the Respondent’s past records or future
prospects. A crushing sentence reflects “the destruction of any reasonable
expectation of useful life after release”: Kow at para 27.155 citing R v Yates
(1985) VR 41 at 48. The aggregate sentence of 80 months’ imprisonment, taking
into account the Respondent’s age, will not significantly diminish such
expectations.

Conclusion

67 Flowing from my findings on the two issues above, I find that the sentence
imposed by the District Judge is wrong in principle, and a proper application
of the one-transaction rule and the totality principle results in a global
sentence of 80 months’ imprisonment. I therefore substitute the sentence of 65
months’ imprisonment for the Second Charge with 45 months’ imprisonment and
order the sentences for the two offences to run consecutively. In my judgment,
this outcome avoids the unjust result of the Respondent escaping punishment
for his added culpability of engaging in the second conspiracy to cheat
Vermont, while ensuring that the global sentence is proportionate to the
totality of the Respondent’s offending conduct. This conclusion also
demonstrates that the aggregate sentence of 65 months’ imprisonment imposed by
the District Judge was manifestly inadequate. The appeal is thereby allowed to
this extent.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Peter Koy, Tan Hsiao Tien and Bryan Wong (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
appellant;

Tan Hee Joek (Tan See Swan & Co.) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Jul 2023 (14:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

