Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 209

Suit No 477 of 2015

Between

| Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

And Between

| Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff in counterclaim

And

| Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant in counterclaim

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Civil Procedure — Costs — Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 209

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 477 of 2015  
Tan Siong Thye SJ  
3 August 2023

3 August 2023

Tan Siong Thye SJ:

Introduction

1 This case is a long-drawn dispute between the plaintiff, Crescendas Bionics
Pte Ltd (“Crescendas”), and the defendant, Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd (“JPW”),
which has finally concluded, save for costs. The Court is now requested to
determine the issues pertaining to costs that were incurred by the parties at
various stages of the proceedings.

Background facts

2 Crescendas was a property developer while JPW was a general building
contractor. On 30 June 2008, Crescendas and JPW signed a four-page Letter of
Intent (“LOI”) dated 26 June 2008 under which Crescendas engaged JPW as the
management contractor to build Biopolis 3, a seven-storey multi-tenanted
business park development at Biopolis Drive/Biomedical Grove in One-North (the
“Project”).

3 After the LOI was signed, the parties’ relationship deteriorated due to
disagreements on each party’s obligations and the scope of each party’s
responsibilities under the LOI. Ultimately, there were substantial delays in
the completion of the Project, which was certified as completed on 12 January
2011. It was undisputed that the time taken for completion exceeded the time
period of 18 months stipulated in the LOI for JPW to complete the construction
of the Project.

4 Crescendas brought Suit No 477 of 2015 (“Suit 477”) against JPW and JPW also
had counterclaims against Crescendas. The trial was bifurcated.

5 The first tranche of the trial dealt with the liabilities of the parties.
The High Court made its findings on the liabilities of the parties in
Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd v Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 4
(“Liability Judgment (HC)”). Upon the conclusion of the first tranche of the
trial, the parties were dissatisfied with the High Court’s decision and lodged
their respective appeals. At the appellate hearing, the Liability Judgment
(HC) was largely affirmed by the Court of Appeal (the “CA”) in Jurong
Primewide Pte Ltd v Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd and another appeal [2019] SGCA
63 (“Liability Judgment (CA)”), save in relation to the arithmetic computation
of the days of delay for which JPW was responsible and the time taken for the
capping beams work (see Liability Judgment (CA) at [16]–[20]).

6 Briefly, the Liability Judgment (HC) and the Liability Judgment (CA) found
that the completion of the Project was delayed by a total of 334 days. Of the
334 days, Crescendas was responsible for an aggregate of 173 days of delay
caused by its acts of prevention (see Liability Judgment (HC) at [352]), while
JPW was responsible for 161 days of delay (see Liability Judgment (CA) at
[14]–[20]). On this basis, JPW was found to be liable to Crescendas for
general damages for 161 days of delay.

7 The second tranche of the trial dealt with an assessment of the general
damages due to Crescendas in respect of the 161 days of delay for which JPW
was responsible. This is because of the finding made in the first tranche of
the trial that the contractual provision on liquidated damages in the LOI was
rendered inoperative as a result of the acts of prevention by Crescendas. The
High Court made its findings on the general damages owed to Crescendas by JPW
in Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd v Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd [2021] SGHC 189 (the
“Damages Judgment (HC)”). The parties again were dissatisfied with the High
Court’s decision and they lodged their respective appeals. On 9 February 2023,
the Appellate Division of the High Court (the “AD”) released its decision on
the appeals in Crescendas Bionics Pte Ltd v Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd and other
appeals [2023] SGHC(A) 9 (the “Damages Judgment (AD)”).

8 Crescendas and JPW now appear before me in relation to the High Court costs
of the proceedings pertaining to the first tranche and the second tranche of
the trial, ie, the High Court costs relating to liability and assessment of
damages. In relation to the High Court costs for the first tranche, each party
claims that it had won and therefore is entitled to costs. As for the second
tranche, the parties agree that Crescendas is entitled to costs. However, the
parties disagree on the quantum of costs Crescendas is entitled to.

9 Before I consider the issues relating to the appropriate costs orders in
this case, I shall summarise the outcome of the issues in the first tranche
and the second tranche of the trial and provide a brief summary of the
decisions of the two appeals. The background facts and detailed findings can
be found in the judgments for the first tranche and the second tranche of the
trial and the respective appeals. I shall summarise only the key issues
relevant to the determination of the parties’ liability on the issues of
costs.

Outcome of the first tranche and the second tranche of the trial and the
respective appeals

The first tranche of the trial and the appeal to the CA

10 The issues and the Court’s findings at the first tranche of the High Court
trial are as follows:

(a) The first issue related to the provision of $12.3 million under the signed
LOI for the preliminaries (“Preliminaries Sum”). Crescendas argued that the
Preliminaries Sum under the LOI was tentative and that the parties had
intended for the Preliminaries Sum to be finalised within four weeks of the
commencement of the Project. JPW, on the other hand, submitted that the
Preliminaries Sum was fixed at $12.3 million under the signed LOI. In the
Liability Judgment (HC), the High Court found that the parties’ intention was
for the Preliminaries Sum under the LOI to be fixed at $12.3 million (see
Liability Judgment (HC) at [164]–[170]). The High Court, therefore, dismissed
Crescendas’ claim on this issue. This finding was affirmed by the CA on appeal
(see Liability Judgment (CA) at [10]).

(b) The second issue related to JPW’s counterclaim of $155,000, which was the
amount JPW incurred to procure a performance bond from Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corporation Limited (“OCBC Bond”). In the Liability Judgment (HC), the High
Court found that Crescendas was not liable to pay JPW $155,000 for the
procurement of the OCBC Bond (see Liability Judgment (HC) at [171]–[179]). The
High Court, therefore, dismissed JPW’s counterclaim for the amount incurred to
procure the OCBC Bond. JPW did not appeal on this issue.

(c) The third issue related to JPW’s counterclaim for its share of $2.5
million in the first $5 million of the shared savings. Crescendas claimed that
JPW had agreed to forgo its share in the first $5 million of the shared
savings. In the Liability Judgment (HC), the High Court found that there was
no agreement between the parties that JPW would forego its 50% share in the
first $5 million of the shared savings as Crescendas failed to comply with its
conditions. The High Court, therefore, allowed JPW’s counterclaim of $2.5
million (see Liability Judgment (HC) at [217]). This was upheld by the CA on
appeal (see Liability Judgment (CA) at [12]).

(d) The fourth issue related to whether the delays in the completion of the
Project were due solely to JPW or whether both Crescendas and JPW were
responsible for the delays. In the Liability Judgment (HC), the High Court
found that Crescendas had caused 173 days of delay by its acts of prevention
while JPW was liable for 133 days of delay. The High Court, therefore, allowed
Crescendas’ claim on this issue of delay albeit that JPW was liable for
general damages for only 133 days of delay in the completion of the Project
(see Liability Judgment (HC) at [351]–[352] and [375]). On appeal, the CA
allowed Crescendas’ appeal on this issue in part for two reasons. First, the
CA rectified an undisputed arithmetical error of three days in the computation
of the days of delay for which JPW was responsible (see Liability Judgment
(CA) at [14]–[15]). Second, the CA found that JPW’s error in its assessment of
the time taken for the capping beams work was its own mistake and that JPW
should not have been given the benefit of an additional 25 days for the
capping beams work in computing a reasonable time within which the Project
should have been completed (see Liability Judgment (CA) at [16]–[20]).
Therefore, as a result of the Liability Judgment (CA), JPW was found to be
responsible for 161 days of delay.

(e) The fifth issue related to Crescendas’ claim for a refund of the
additional preliminaries it had paid to JPW for the delays in the Project’s
completion. In the Liability Judgment (HC), the High Court found that
Crescendas should not have paid JPW for the additional preliminaries that JPW
incurred for the 133 days of delay for which JPW was liable. The High Court,
therefore, allowed Crescendas’ claim for a refund of the portion of the
additional preliminaries it paid to JPW for 133 days of delay only (see
Liability Judgment (HC) at [376]). As a result of the CA’s finding in the
Liability Judgment (CA) that JPW was responsible for 161 days of delay (see
[10(d)] above), Crescendas was entitled to a refund of the portion of the
additional preliminaries it paid to JPW for 161 days of delay. Before the
commencement of the second tranche of the trial, the parties arrived at a
settlement that a sum of $2.75 million was to be refunded by JPW to
Crescendas. A by-consent order of the Court setting out this settlement
agreement was issued on 30 December 2020.

The second tranche of the trial and the appeal to the AD

11 In the second tranche of the trial, Crescendas sought an assessment of
general damages in respect of the 161 days of delay for which JPW was
responsible. In particular, Crescendas claimed general damages for the delayed
completion in respect of three heads of losses, namely:

(a) “loss of chance” to earn net rental revenue;

(b) holding costs; and

(c) site staff costs.

12 Crescendas engaged three expert witnesses to support its case: Mr Andre Toh
Sern (“Mr Toh”), Dr Annie Woo Yen Lee (“Dr Woo”) and Mr Dennis Yeo Huang Kiat
(“Mr Yeo”). JPW engaged one expert witness, Assoc Prof Yu Shi Ming (“Assoc
Prof Yu”), to support its case. In view of the extreme positions taken by the
parties on the quantum of Crescendas’ loss of net rental revenue (see [13]
below), a court expert who was chosen and agreed upon by the parties, Adjunct
Assoc Prof Tay Kah Poh (“Assoc Prof Tay”), was appointed to assist the Court.

13 In respect of the “loss of chance” to earn net rental revenue, the parties’
positions can be summarised as follows:

(a) Crescendas argued that the combined delay of 344 days resulted in the loss
of five pre-commitment tenants which would have otherwise taken up lease
agreements in the Project. In quantifying its net rental revenue loss,
Crescendas submitted that the appropriate method of quantification was the
multi-year model, ie, a computation of the difference between the projected
net rental revenue Crescendas would have earned had there been no combined
delay and the actual net rental revenue Crescendas had earned, over the span
of multiple years including the combined delay of 344 days to stabilised
occupancy. A discount rate of 8% was then applied to the difference to take
into account the project risk. Crescendas contended that the multi-year model
reflected the full loss it suffered. Using the multi-year model, Crescendas
claimed net rental revenue loss of $10.2 million from JPW. Alternatively, if a
single-year model was adopted, ie, where damages are awarded only in respect
of the loss of net rental revenue for the period of delay in 2010, Crescendas
claimed net rental revenue loss of $2.89 million to $2.91 million from JPW
(see Damages Judgment (HC) at [29]–[34]).

(b) JPW raised various issues of causation and remoteness to deny Crescendas’
high recoverability of damages for net rental revenue loss. As to the quantum,
JPW argued that, if the multi-year model was to be applied, a more appropriate
quantification of the loss suffered by Crescendas was $362,183.83.
Alternatively, under the single-year model, JPW argued that it was only liable
for a sum of between $308,045.33 and $627,987.17 (see Damages Judgment (HC) at
[41]–[45]).

14 In the Damages Judgment (HC), the High Court preferred the single-year
model over the multi-year model. The High Court opined that the single-year
model was fairer and would not have infringed the principle of remoteness of
damages. Further, the single-year model computed the delay without any
uncertainty and assumptions which were inherent in the multi-year model. Thus,
the single-year model was the more appropriate method of quantifying
Crescendas’ loss of net rental revenue (see Damages Judgment (HC) at
[125]–[128]). Applying the single-year model, the High Court found JPW liable
for a sum of $1,789,398.82 in respect of Crescendas’ loss of net rental
revenue (see Damages Judgment (HC) at [317]). In the Damages Judgment (AD),
the AD found that the multi-year model should have been used instead of the
single-year model in assessing Crescendas’ loss of net rental revenue.
Applying the multi-year model, JPW was found to be liable to Crescendas for a
sum of $4,185,802.60 (see Damages Judgment (AD) at [196]–[197]).

15 In respect of Crescendas’ claim for holding costs, Crescendas submitted
that it had incurred holding costs totalling $2,340,102.37, comprising land
rent paid to JTC Corporation, the head lessor of the land on which the Project
was built, and property tax paid to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.
Crescendas sought to hold JPW liable for the portion of holding costs
attributable to JPW’s delay (see Damages Judgment (HC) at [36]–[38]). JPW did
not dispute the quantum of holding costs incurred by Crescendas. However, JPW
argued that Crescendas was not entitled to claim holding costs as Crescendas
would have incurred holding costs regardless of whether there was a delay in
the completion of the Project. Further, JPW argued that Crescendas’ holding
costs were too remote and, in any event, could not be claimed in addition to
Crescendas’ loss of net rental revenue, since Crescendas would have had to
incur holding costs in order to earn its net rental revenue (see Damages
Judgment (HC) at [46]–[48]). In the Damages Judgment (HC), the High Court
found that Crescendas’ holding costs were not too remote and had flowed
directly from the combined delay of 344 days. Therefore, Crescendas was
entitled to claim the portion of holding costs from JPW attributable to its
delay of 161 days. However, the High Court held that Crescendas’ holding costs
incurred during the 90-day rent-free fitting-out period given by Crescendas to
the tenants were not caused by the combined delay of 344 days because this
portion of Crescendas’ holding costs would have been incurred even if the
Project was completed on time. Taking this into account, the High Court found
JPW liable for a sum of $775,310.63 in respect of Crescendas’ holding costs
(see Damages Judgment (HC) at [343]–[346]). In the Damages Judgment (AD), the
AD found that Crescendas was entitled to claim holding costs incurred during
the 90-day rent-free period. Therefore, the AD found JPW liable for a sum of
$1,061,285.86 in respect of Crescendas’ holding costs (see Damages Judgment
(AD) at [212]).

16 In respect of the site staff costs, JPW accepted that it was liable for
site staff costs incurred as a result of its 161 days of delay. JPW was,
therefore, liable for a sum of $128,864.46 in respect of the site staff costs
(see Damages Judgment (HC) at [352]).

Previous costs orders set aside by the AD following the Damages Judgment (AD)

17 Following the second tranche of the trial but before the appeals relating
to the second tranche of the trial were heard by the AD, the parties requested
the High Court for a decision on costs for the first tranche and the second
tranche of the trial at first instance.

18 By way of correspondence dated 23 November 2021 and after having considered
the parties’ written submissions, the High Court made costs orders for the
first tranche and the second tranche of the trial.

19 Following the hearing by the AD which led to the Damages Judgment (AD), the
AD set aside the High Court’s previous costs orders made in respect of the
first tranche and the second tranche of the trial. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

23 March 2023 Minute Sheet by the Appellate Division at para 4.

The AD also directed the High Court to review the costs orders for the first
tranche and the second tranche of the trial, taking into account the decisions
of the appellate courts in the Liability Judgment (CA) and the Damages
Judgment (AD). With the benefit of hindsight, the High Court should have
withheld its decision on costs until the outcome of the appellate decisions to
avoid duplicating efforts. Further, the outcome of the appellate decisions
would have a significant bearing on the issues of costs for the first tranche
and the second tranche of the trial.

The parties’ agreement on the issues of costs

20 It is important to highlight that the parties have informed this Court that
they do not wish to proceed to taxation and that their submissions on costs
are based on the costs guidelines in Appendix G to the Supreme Court Practice
Directions (“Appendix G”) with adjustments made by the parties on account of
the complexity of the first tranche and the second tranche of the trial. The
parties have also mentioned that they do not wish to adopt an issues-based
approach in determining which party was the successful party for the first
tranche of the trial. The Court will have to be mindful of the above matters
when it deliberates on the issues of costs afresh.

The parties’ submissions on costs

Crescendas’ submission on costs for the first tranche and the second tranche
of the trial

Crescendas’ submission on costs for the first tranche of the trial

21 Crescendas argues that it is the successful party for the first tranche of
the trial. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Crescendas’ Submission on Costs dated 9 May 2023 (“Crescendas’ 9 May 2023
Costs Submissions”) at para 14.

Crescendas states that it had established that JPW was liable for 161 days of
delay as opposed to its original claim of 355 days of delay. Crescendas
submits that the issue of delay was its main claim given that a significant
part of the Liability Judgment (HC) and the parties’ written closing
submissions were dedicated to dealing with the issue of delay. Crescendas also
states that it had successfully defended against JPW’s counterclaim on the
issue relating to the OCBC Bond. Crescendas acknowledges that JPW had
succeeded on the issues relating to the Preliminaries Sum, the shared savings
and liquidated damages for the delays. Nevertheless, Crescendas argues that it
is the successful party on the basis that the practical and overall outcome of
Suit 477 is that Crescendas is entitled to receive compensation from JPW which
JPW would not have paid but for Suit 477. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Crescendas’ 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at paras 14 to 17.

22 In relation to the quantum of costs for the first tranche of the trial,
Crescendas submits that it should be entitled to at least 40% of its legal
costs and at least 50% of all disbursements incurred. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Crescendas’ 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 22.

The details of Crescendas’ submission are as follows:

(a) In relation to legal costs, Crescendas relies on its costs schedule for
the first tranche of the trial which sets out its legal costs for the period
up to the written closing submissions which amounted to $700,000. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See Crescendas’ Bundle of Documents Vol II dated 9 May 2023 (“Crescendas BOD
Vol II”) at Tab 13: Crescendas’ Costs Schedule for the first tranche of the
trial dated 15 October 2018.

As Crescendas’ costs schedule has not included legal costs for the parties’
oral closing submissions which took 2.5 days, Crescendas has referred to the
costs guidelines for party-and-party costs in Appendix G. Appendix G provides
a daily tariff of between $6,000 and $18,000 for construction trials.
Crescendas states that the maximum daily tariff of $18,000 should be used to
compute legal costs for the 2.5 days of oral closing submissions, given the
complexity of Suit 477. Therefore, Crescendas states that the total legal
costs for the first tranche of the trial is $745,000. Crescendas seeks a costs
order for 40% of its legal costs of $745,000, ie, $298,000. Crescendas states
that this is reasonable, as Crescendas was the successful party at the first
tranche, although JPW had succeeded on various issues as summarised above. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Crescendas’ 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at paras 23 to 24; Summary tables for
costs submissions prepared jointly by the parties dated 6 June 2023 (“Summary
Tables”) at page 2.

(b) In relation to disbursements, Crescendas relies on its costs schedule for
the first tranche of the trial which sets out its total disbursements for the
period up to the written closing submissions as amounting to $455,355.53. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Crescendas BOD Vol II at Tab 13: Crescendas’ Costs Schedule for the first
tranche of the trial dated 15 October 2018.

Taking into account disbursements incurred for and after the oral closing
submissions, Crescendas seeks the following costs orders:

(i) In relation to general disbursements, Crescendas states that its general
disbursements for the period up to the written closing submissions amounts to
$220,183.75. Crescendas states that the additional general disbursements
incurred for and after the oral closing submissions amounts to $4,644.47.
Therefore, Crescendas states that its total general disbursements is
$224,282.22. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Summary Tables at page 3.

However, there is an arithmetical error in Crescendas’ calculation. Based on
Crescendas’ figures, Crescendas’ total general disbursements would be
$224,828.22, ie, $220,183.75 plus $4,644.47. Crescendas seeks a costs order
for 40% of its general disbursements, ie, 40% of $224,828.22 which is
$89,931.29.

(ii) In relation to expert fees, Crescendas states that the fee incurred by
Crescendas to engage its expert, Mr Daniel Connor (“Mr Connor”), to deal with
the issue of delay, amounts to $239,816.25. Crescendas seeks a costs order for
60% of Mr Connor’s expert fee, ie, $143,889.75. Crescendas states that the
expert fee was reasonably incurred to undertake a delay analysis following
JPW’s defence that Crescendas had caused delay by its acts of prevention. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Crescendas’ 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at paras 23 and 25 to 26; Summary
Tables at page 3.

Crescendas’ submission on costs for the second tranche of the trial

23 Crescendas submits that it is also the successful party for the second
tranche of the trial and is, therefore, entitled to costs for the second
tranche of the trial. As set out above at [8] and in line with the Damages
Judgment (AD) at [224], it is undisputed by JPW that Crescendas is entitled to
costs for the second tranche.

24 In relation to the quantum of costs for the second tranche of the trial,
Crescendas submits that it should be entitled to a costs order for at least
80% of its legal costs and an average of at least 75% of all disbursements. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Crescendas’ 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 22.

The details of Crescendas’ submission are as follows:

(a) In relation to legal costs, Crescendas relies on its costs schedule for
the second tranche of the trial which sets out its legal costs for the period
up to the written closing submissions as amounting to $600,000. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Crescendas BOD Vol II at Tab 28: Crescendas’ Costs Schedule for the second
tranche of the trial dated 31 May 2021.

Given that its costs schedule has not included legal costs for the parties’
oral closing submissions which took one day, Crescendas is claiming legal
costs for one day’s hearing. Appendix G provides a daily tariff of between
$6,000 and $18,000 for construction trials. Crescendas states that the maximum
daily tariff of $18,000 should be used to compute the legal costs for the one
day of oral closing submissions, in view of the complexity of the second
tranche of the trial. Therefore, Crescendas states that its total legal costs
for the second tranche of the trial is $618,000. Crescendas seeks a costs
order for 80% of its legal costs of $618,000, ie, $494,400. Crescendas states
that this is reasonable in view of its success. Crescendas submits that it
secured damages totalling $8,125,952.92, comprising $4,185,802.60 for “loss of
chance” to earn net rental revenue, $1,061,285.86 for holding costs,
$128,864.46 for site staff costs and $2.75 million for the portion of the
additional preliminaries refunded by JPW to Crescendas following a settlement
after the first tranche of the trial. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Crescendas’ 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at paras 28 to 31.

(b) In relation to disbursements, Crescendas relies on its costs schedule for
the second tranche of the trial which sets out its disbursements. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Crescendas BOD Vol II at Tab 28: Crescendas’ Costs Schedule for the second
tranche of the trial dated 31 May 2021.

Crescendas seeks an average of 75% of all its disbursements. Crescendas’
submissions on the appropriate costs orders for the expert fees incurred by
Crescendas and general disbursements are as follows:

(i) Crescendas seeks a costs order for 80% of its share of Assoc Prof Tay’s
expert fee of $28,800, ie, $23,040. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Crescendas’ Reply Submissions on Costs dated 6 June 2023 (“Crescendas’ 6 June
2023 Reply Submissions”) at para 40; Summary Tables at page 9.

(ii) Dr Woo’s and Mr Yeo’s joint expert fee amounted to $256,242.26.
Crescendas seeks a costs order for 95% of Dr Woo’s and Mr Yeo’s joint expert
fee, ie, $243,430.15. Crescendas states that the joint expert fee of Dr Woo
and Mr Yeo is reasonable. Crescendas states that it has applied a discount to
the fee on account of the fact that the AD had overturned a finding made in
the Damages Judgment (HC) that the combined delay had caused Crescendas to
lose one of the tenants of the Project, namely PetNet, as a pre-commitment
tenant. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Crescendas’ 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 33; Summary Tables at page 8;
Crescendas’ 6 June 2023 Reply Submissions at para 41.

(iii) Mr Toh’s expert fee amounted to $665,379.80. Crescendas seeks a costs
order for 65% of Mr Toh’s expert fee, ie, $432,496.87. Crescendas states that
the expert fee of Mr Toh is reasonable. Crescendas also states that it has
applied a discount to Mr Toh’s fee as not all of Mr Toh’s evidence was used by
the Court in its determination of the issues. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Crescendas’ 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 33; Crescendas’ 6 June 2023
Reply Submissions at para 42.

(iv) Crescendas states that its general disbursements for the second tranche
of the trial amounts to $224,763. Crescendas seeks a costs order for 80% of
its general disbursements, ie, $179,810.40. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Crescendas’ 6 June 2023 Reply Submissions at para 39, Summary Tables at page
8.

JPW’s submission on costs for the first tranche and the second tranche of the
trial

JPW’s submission on costs for the first tranche of the trial

25 JPW submits that it is the successful party for the first tranche of the
trial. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

JPW’s Submission on Costs dated 9 May 2023 (“JPW’s 9 May 2023 Costs
Submissions”) at para 9 to 11.

JPW states that it had succeeded on two highly contentious issues, namely the
issues relating to the Preliminaries Sum and the shared savings. JPW submits
that since it won on these issues, JPW was entitled to approximately $14.65
million. This comprises the Preliminaries Sum of $12.3 million and JPW’s $2.5
million share in the first $5 million of the shared savings, less $155,000
which was for the OCBC Bond which JPW failed in its counterclaim against
Crescendas. Further, JPW argues that it succeeded in proving Crescendas’ acts
of prevention which made the liquidated damages provision of the LOI
inoperative and this led to the outcome that Crescendas was liable for 173
days out of the total combined delay of 334 days. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

JPW’s 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at paras 9 to 10.

26 In relation to the quantum of costs for the first tranche of the trial, JPW
submits that it should be entitled to a costs order for 70% to 80% of its
legal costs and all disbursements. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

JPW’s 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 11.

The details of JPW’s submission are as follows:

(a) In relation to legal costs, JPW relies on its costs schedule for the first
tranche of the trial which sets out its legal costs as amounting to $700,000.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Crescendas BOD Vol II at Tab 14: JPW’s Costs Schedule for the first tranche of
the trial dated 12 October 2018.

JPW highlights that Crescendas has indicated its legal costs for the first
tranche of the trial as amounting to $700,000 as well. JPW seeks a costs order
for 70% to 80% of its legal costs, ie, $490,000 to $560,000. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

JPW’s 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at paras 11 to 12.

(b) In relation to disbursements. JPW relies on its costs schedule for the
first tranche of the trial which sets out its disbursements as amounting to
$162,772.85. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Crescendas BOD Vol II at Tab 14: JPW’s Costs Schedule for the first tranche of
the trial dated 12 October 2018.

JPW highlights that this is less than half of the amount of $455,355.53 which
Crescendas has set out in its costs schedule as its disbursements. JPW seeks a
costs order for 70% to 80% of its disbursements, ie, $113,941.00 to
$132,218.28.

JPW’s submission on costs for the second tranche of the trial

27 JPW accepts that Crescendas was the successful party for the second tranche
of the trial and Crescendas is, therefore, entitled to costs for the second
tranche of the trial.

28 In relation to the quantum of costs for the second tranche of the trial,
however, JPW submits that Crescendas should be entitled to a costs order for
only 40.6% of its legal costs and general disbursements. As for Crescendas’
expert fees, JPW argues that it should only be liable for a small proportion.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Crescendas’ 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 22.

The details of JPW’s submission are as follows:

(a) In relation to legal costs, JPW states that Crescendas should only be
entitled to claim 40.6% of legal costs on the basis that Crescendas only
succeeded in claiming 40.6% of the amount of $13.3 million it was seeking to
claim against JPW for delay-related losses at the start of the second tranche
of the trial. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

JPW’s 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 14.

Further, JPW takes issue with the quantum of legal costs claimed by Crescendas
for the second tranche of the trial. JPW, instead, suggests that Appendix G
should be used as a guide on legal costs for the second tranche of the trial.
JPW states that Appendix G suggests legal costs for pre-trial costs, 16 days
of trial and post-trial costs in the range of $167,000 to $413,000. JPW states
that the appropriate starting point for legal costs in this case is $350,000.
Therefore, JPW argues that Crescendas should only be entitled to 40.6% of
legal costs and thus, Crescendas should be entitled to only $142,100 (ie,
40.6% of $350,000). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

JPW’s 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at paras 16 to 17; Summary Tables at page
6.

(b) In relation to disbursements, JPW argues that Crescendas’ claim for
disbursements of $1,171,185.06 is not a reasonable and proportionate figure.
The details of JPW’s submission are as follows:

(i) In relation to general disbursements for Crescendas, JPW states that
Crescendas should be entitled to no more than 40.6% of its general
disbursements. JPW states that this would amount to $89,524.31. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Summary Tables at page 8.

(ii) In relation to the expert fees incurred by Crescendas, JPW states that
there is a need for substantial moderation to accord with principles of
proportionality and reasonableness. JPW’s submission on the various expert
fees for Crescendas’ experts is as follows:

(A) JPW highlights that the expert fee of Assoc Prof Tay, the Court’s expert,
amounted to $57,600 and this was borne by Crescendas and JPW in equal
proportion in the first instance. JPW states that it should only be ordered to
pay 40.6% of Crescendas’ 50% share of Assoc Prof Tay’s fee of $28,800, ie,
$11,692.80. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

JPW’s 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 15(a).

Therefore, taking into account that the parties bore Assoc Prof Tay’s fee in
equal proportion in the first instance, JPW would ultimately bear $40,492.80
while Crescendas would bear $17,107.20 based on JPW’s submission.

(B) JPW argues that the joint expert fee of Dr Woo and Mr Yeo is unreasonable
and excessive. The joint expert fee of the two experts amounted to
$256,242.26. JPW highlights that this fee is twice that of JPW’s expert, Assoc
Prof Yu, which was $119,600. JPW also highlights that this fee is four times
that of the Court’s expert, Assoc Prof Tay, which was $57,600. JPW proposes a
50% reduction to the joint expert fee of Dr Woo and Mr Yeo. Therefore, JPW
seeks a costs order for JPW to pay $128,121.13 to Crescendas in relation to
the joint expert fee of Dr Woo and Mr Yeo. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

JPW’s 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 15(b); Summary Tables at page 8.

(C) JPW argues that Mr Toh’s expert fee of $665,379.80 is disproportionately
high. JPW highlights that Mr Toh’s expert fee is five times that of JPW’s
expert, Assoc Prof Yu, which was $119,600. Further, JPW states that there is
substantive reason for reducing the amount payable by JPW to Crescendas in
relation to Mr Toh’s expert fee. JPW states that the original case advanced by
Crescendas at the start of the second tranche of the trial was based on Mr
Toh’s quantification of Crescendas’ loss of net rental revenue using the
multi-year method. Mr Toh’s quantification was based on a calculation of the
difference of what Crescendas would have earned over a span of 7.5 years to
reach stabilised occupancy against what Crescendas did actually earn over 7.5
years. JPW submits that Mr Toh’s position was, however, ultimately abandoned
by Crescendas in its written closing submissions after extensive cross-
examination of Mr Toh. Instead, according to JPW, Crescendas quantified the
loss of net rental revenue based on a calculation of the difference of what
Crescendas would have earned over a span of five years to reach stabilised
occupancy if there were delays against what Crescendas would have earned over
a span of five years if there were no delays. On this basis, JPW submits that
very little of Mr Toh’s expert evidence was of assistance to the Court.
Therefore, JPW proposes a 70% reduction to Mr Toh’s fee. On this basis, JPW
seeks a costs order for JPW to pay $199,613.94 to Crescendas in relation to
the expert fee of Mr Toh. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

JPW’s 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 15(c); Summary Tables at page 9.

The parties’ submissions on costs for various interlocutory matters

29 The parties also seek costs orders for various interlocutory matters for
which costs have not been decided. The parties have agreed on a number of
issues relating to the costs orders for the interlocutory matters. I shall
deal with the disputed issues relating to the costs orders for the
interlocutory matters at [76] to [78] below.

The applicable law on costs

The general principles on costs

Generally costs follow the event

30 Section 18(2) read with paragraph 13 of the First Schedule to the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed) empowers the court to award costs.
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J stated in Comfort Management Pte Ltd v OGSP Engineering
Pte Ltd and another [2022] 5 SLR 525 (“Comfort Management”) (at [24]) that the
court has a very wide discretion in exercising this power and this is
specified in O 59 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”).

31 Order 59 r 3(2) of the ROC 2014 states that costs generally follow the
event, ie, the successful party in the litigation is entitled to recover costs
from the unsuccessful party:

When costs to follow the event (O. 59, r. 3)

…

(2) If the Court in the exercise of its discretion sees fit to make any order
as to the costs of or incidental to any proceedings, the Court shall, subject
to this Order, order the costs to follow the event, except when it appears to
the Court that in the circumstances of the case some other order should be
made as to the whole or any part of the costs.

32 When deciding who is the successful party in the litigation, the court
would have to ascertain the overall outcome of the litigation as well as which
party in substance and reality won the litigation, looking at its outcome in a
realistic and commercially sensible way: Comfort Management at [27]–[28],
citing Straker v Tudor Rose (a firm) [2007] EWCA Civ 368 at [11]; HLB Kidsons
(A Firm) v Lloyds Underwriters subscribing to Lloyds Policy No 621/PKID00101 &
Others [2007] EWHC 2699 (Comm) at [10].

33 In Comfort Management, Coomaraswamy J stated that in commercial litigation
where the dispute is ultimately about money, the successful party would
typically be the party whom the court has found is entitled to receive money,
see [29]–[35] as follows:

29 In commercial litigation, where the dispute is ultimately about money, the
event is typically in favour of the party whom the court has found is entitled
to receive money (per Ward LJ in Burchell v Bullard [2005] EWCA Civ 358
(“Burchell”) at [33]; per Longmore LJ in AL Barnes Limited v Time Talk (UK)
Limited [2003] EWCA Civ 402 (“Barnes”) at [28]). That is especially true where
the litigation comprises both claims and counterclaims and each party claims a
balance in his favour (per Jackson J (as he then was) in Multiplex
Constructions (UK) Ltd v Cleveland Bridge UK Ltd and another [2008] EWHC 2280
(TCC) (“Multiplex”) at [72(i)]).

30 The decision of the English Court of Appeal in Barnes is particularly
instructive. In that case, a contractor undertook and completed renovation
works for an employer with no contract in place. The contractor sued the
employer to recover a quantum meruit for the works. The employer brought a
counterclaim alleging that the contractor’s employee had been dishonest in
procuring the engagement and in performing the works.

31 The trial judge found that the contractor was entitled to recover £216,000
from the employer for the works on a quantum meruit. But he accepted that the
contractor’s employee had indeed been dishonest. He therefore held that the
employer was entitled to recover £87,000 from the contractor on the
counterclaim. The employer therefore owed the contractor a net sum of £129,000
(Barnes at [24]).

32 On the costs of the action, the trial judge started by holding that each
party should bear its own costs of and incidental to the expert evidence
adduced at trial. The expert evidence had been necessary purely to deal with
the quantum meruit claim. The trial judge’s reasoning was that each party was
equally responsible for the works having been undertaken and completed with no
contract in place and therefore that each party was equally responsible for
the difficulties of proving the nature and the value of the works which had
made the expert evidence necessary (Barnes at [26]). The trial judge then
found that the bulk of the time at trial was taken up with proving whether the
contractor’s employee had been dishonest. Because the employer had won on that
issue, the trial judge found that the employer should be seen as the
successful party in the litigation. He accordingly ordered the contractor to
pay half of the employer’s costs (Barnes at [27]).

33 The English Court of Appeal set aside the trial judge’s costs order. It
ordered instead that the employer pay 25% of the contractor’s costs (Barnes at
[30]). Longmore LJ held that the contractor was the successful party because
the result of the litigation was that the contractor had been found entitled
to receive a substantial sum of money from the employer. The trial judge had
therefore gone wrong in principle in two ways: (a) by failing to find that the
event was in the contractor’s favour; and (b) by segregating the costs of the
expert evidence as costs which need not follow the event. As Longmore LJ put
it at [28]–[30]:

28\. It does seem to me that the judge has, with the greatest respect, fallen
into an error of principle. In what may generally be called commercial
litigation…the disputes are ultimately about money. In deciding who is the
successful party the most important thing is to identify the party who is to
pay money to the other. That is the surest indication of success and failure.
It is not irrelevant that it was [the employer] who felt the need to appeal
the judge’s judgment. It is not normally right to segregate a large element of
the costs and thereafter to decide who the successful party is. It needs to be
decided at the outset.

29\. I do not, moreover, consider that the judge was right to segregate the
costs associated with instructing experts and thus most of the costs of
proving the claim…

…

30\. For these two reasons the exercise of discretion by the judge was
vitiated by an error of principle. If he had asked himself who was the
successful party, before segregation of the effective costs of proving the
quantum meruit claim, he would in my judgment have had to answer that it was
the [contractor] who recovered more than the [employer] had ever offered and
thus it must be the [contractor] who [was] the successful party. The question
would then be what proportion, if any, of their costs should they recover.
That question is now for this court. The judge was, of course, correct to be
influenced by the fact that most of the time spent in court was spent on an
issue on which the [contractor] failed and that that issue was whether one of
the [contractor’s] employees had acted dishonestly, albeit at “the least
serious end of the spectrum”. Bearing that matter in mind, I would hold that
the [contractor’s] success should be reflected by the recovery of a small
proportion of their costs. I would fix that proportion at 25% and would
accordingly allow the cross-appeal to that extent.

[emphasis added]

34 Implicit in Longmore LJ’s criticism of the trial judge’s approach is the
fundamental importance of identifying the successful party at the very outset
of exercising the discretion to award costs. Doing so makes it more likely
that the discretion will be approached from the right perspective (see [HLB
Kidsons (A Firm) v Lloyds Underwriters subscribing to Lloyds Policy No
621/PKID00101 & Others [2007] EWHC 2699 (Comm)] … at [10]). Further, once the
successful party has been identified, the court will be able to attach real
weight to that party’s success throughout the exercise of the discretion to
award costs, as the court is obliged to do (Re Elgindata Limited (No. 2)
[1992] 1 WLR 1207 (“Elgindata”) at 1213H per Nourse LJ).

35 Thus, if the trial judge in Barnes had attempted to identify the successful
party at the outset of his exercise in awarding costs, he would have found
that it was the contractor. It would then have followed that the contractor
was prima facie entitled under the general rule to receive its costs from the
employer. And that it was for the employer to persuade the trial judge that he
should depart from the general rule and to what extent he should do so.

[emphasis in original]

When would it be appropriate to depart from the general rule that costs follow
the event?

34 It must be emphasised that when the successful party raises claims or
issues in the litigation which ultimately failed, this, in itself, is not
sufficient reason to depart from the general rule that costs follow the event.
The successful party in such a situation should still be entitled to costs:
Comfort Management at [85(c)], citing Re Elgindata Limited (No. 2) [1992] 1
WLR 1207 (“Elgindata”) at 1214A; Element Six Technologies Ltd v IIa
Technologies Pte Ltd [2020] SGHC 140 at [30].

35 In exercising the court’s discretion on whether to depart from the general
rule, the court may consider the following: an order depriving the successful
party of the right to recover all or part of his costs of the action from the
unsuccessful party, and an order requiring the successful party to pay all or
part of the unsuccessful party’s costs.

36 An order requiring the successful party to pay all or part of the
unsuccessful party’s costs would only be justified under O 59 r 6A of the ROC
2014 if the following criteria are satisfied: (a) the successful party failed
to establish a significant discrete claim or issue which he raised in the
litigation; (b) the successful party thereby unnecessarily or unreasonably
protracted or added to the costs or complexity of the litigation; and (c) the
successful party raised the claim or issue improperly or unreasonably: Comfort
Management at [85(e)], citing Elgindata at 1214A; Tullio Planeta v Maoro
Andrea G [1994] 2 SLR(R) 501 at [24].

My decision

Crescendas is the successful party and is entitled to costs for both the first
tranche and the second tranche of the trial

Crescendas is the successful party for the first tranche of the trial

37 In determining the successful party for the first tranche of the trial, the
parties have agreed that the issues-based approach is not the appropriate
approach. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Crescendas’ 6 June 2023 Reply Submissions at para 4; JPW’s Reply Submissions
on Costs dated 6 June 2023 (“JPW’s 6 June 2023 Reply Submissions”) at para 6.

The parties agree that the Court has to ascertain ultimately which party is
entitled to receive money after taking into account the claims and
counterclaims.

38 While the trial was bifurcated, this does not mean that the Court must
ignore the outcome of the second tranche of the trial, which is an assessment
of damages for the 161 days of delay caused by JPW. On the contrary, the Court
must view the overall outcome of the litigation in determining which party in
substance and in reality won the litigation (see [32] above). This would
require an examination of which party is ultimately entitled to receive more
money. The result of the overall litigation is that JPW must pay a substantial
sum to Crescendas after taking into account JPW’s counterclaims. Crescendas
could not have recovered this sum if it had not commenced legal action against
JPW and succeeded in Suit 477. Therefore, Crescendas must be the successful
party in this litigation for both the first tranche and the second tranche of
the trial.

39 Crescendas only recovered a portion of its overall pleaded claims as
Crescendas took extreme positions for its claims. JPW argues that Crescendas
cannot be the successful party in the first tranche of the trial as Crescendas
was liable for 173 days of delay. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

JPW’s 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 10.

However, JPW was liable for 161 days of delay and this was the subject of the
second tranche of the trial where damages were to be assessed for JPW’s 161
days of delay.

40 JPW had also won some important issues in the first tranche. JPW succeeded
in its counterclaim in relation to its $2.5 million share in the first $5
million of the shared savings. JPW won on the issue of the Preliminaries Sum
and managed to resist Crescendas’ claim on liquidated damages. JPW also
succeeded in proving that Crescendas was liable for 173 days of delay as a
result of its acts of prevention. However, these successes were outweighed by
Crescendas’ victory in Suit 477 as the overall result of this litigation is
that JPW must pay Crescendas a substantial sum.

JPW’s submission that it is the successful party for the first tranche of the
trial is not convincing

41 JPW’s argument that it is the successful party for the first tranche of the
trial appears to be based primarily on its successes on some of the issues.
JPW submits that it “was found to be entitled to approximately $14.65m [at the
end of the first tranche of the trial], comprising $12.3m of the
[Preliminaries Sum] plus $2.5m for [its share in the first $5 million of the
shared savings] that it had succeeded on, less $155,000 for the [OCBC Bond]
which [Crescendas] had succeeded on”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

JPW’s 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 10.

42 This submission, however, is incorrect. Although JPW had won on the issue
of the Preliminaries Sum of $12.3 million, JPW cannot claim that it had won
$12.3 million from Crescendas. The issue relating to the Preliminaries Sum
(see [10(a)] above) was whether the Preliminaries Sum of $12.3 million was a
fixed sum as JPW contended or a tentative figure subject to negotiation within
four weeks of the commencement of the Project as Crescendas contended. JPW
succeeded in proving that the Preliminaries Sum was a fixed sum of $12.3
million. The result of this was that JPW was not required to refund any
portion of the Preliminaries Sum to Crescendas. But the result was not that
Crescendas had to pay more for the Preliminaries Sum.

43 However, JPW’s attempt now to frame the Preliminaries Sum of $12.3 million
as an amount it had won as a result of the litigation is incorrect. Even if
Crescendas had succeeded in proving that the Preliminaries Sum was not fixed
at $12.3 million, this did not mean that JPW was not entitled to any portion
of the $12.3 million. Rather, Crescendas’ submission was that the parties had
not arrived on any agreement on the Preliminaries Sum within four weeks of the
commencement of the Project and that the Court should order that JPW was
entitled to be compensated for work done on a quantum meruit basis (see
Liability Judgment (HC) at [45]), which may or may not have been higher than
$12.3 million. If Crescendas had succeeded on its argument on the
Preliminaries Sum, there would have been an assessment to determine the sum
which JPW was entitled to for the preliminaries in the second tranche of the
trial. This would then be an issue for the High Court at the second tranche to
ascertain the portion of the Preliminaries Sum which JPW was entitled to.
Therefore, JPW cannot reasonably state now that it had won the sum of $12.3
million, or even won a portion of the sum of $12.3 million such as $6.3
million as it seeks to claim in its submission. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

JPW’s 6 June 2023 Reply Submissions at para 13.

JPW’s success on this issue was merely a finding that the Preliminaries Sum
was a fixed sum of $12.3 million. Therefore, JPW does not have to return any
portion of the Preliminaries Sum to Crescendas.

44 For the above reasons, the monetary win for JPW at the end of the first
tranche of the trial was only in relation to JPW’s share of $2.5 million in
the first $5 million of the shared savings. In contrast, Crescendas had
succeeded in the following claims: (a) JPW was responsible for 161 days of
delay, for which general damages was to be assessed in the second tranche of
the trial; and (b) JPW was liable to refund a portion of the additional
preliminaries Crescendas paid to JPW for 161 days of delay, which sum was
fixed at $2.75 million following a settlement agreement by the parties before
the hearing of the second tranche.

45 Therefore, it is clear that Crescendas is the successful party for both the
first tranche and the second tranche of the trial. This does not mean,
however, that JPW’s successes in relation to its counterclaim and in defending
against Crescendas’ various claims are to be given no weight. Rather, JPW’s
successes on these issues would allow the Court to exercise its discretion to
discount Crescendas’ claim for legal costs and disbursements for the first
tranche of the trial. I shall, therefore, now consider the costs to be awarded
to Crescendas for the first tranche of the trial.

The quantum of costs to be awarded to Crescendas for the first tranche of the
trial

46 The parties’ positions on the quantum of costs to be awarded to Crescendas
for the first tranche of the trial are as follows:

Type of costs| Crescendas’ position| JPW’s position  
---|---|---  
Legal costs| JPW ought to pay Crescendas 40% of Crescendas’ legal costs of
$745,000, ie, $298,000. 35

##### Foot Note 35

× Summary Tables at page 2. | JPW does not accept that Crescendas is the successful party for the first tranche of the trial. Even if Crescendas is found to have succeeded on the issue of delay, JPW states that JPW should nevertheless be awarded costs but at a lower quantum, ie, Crescendas is to pay JPW 50% to 60% of JPW’s legal costs. Alternatively, JPW states that each party should bear its own legal costs for the first tranche of the trial. 36

##### Foot Note 36

× Summary Tables at page 2.  
General disbursements| JPW ought to pay Crescendas 40% of Crescendas’ general
disbursements of $224,828.22, ie, $89,931.29. 37

##### Foot Note 37

× Summary Tables at page 3. See also, [22(b)(i)] above. | JPW does not accept that Crescendas is the successful party for the first tranche of the trial. JPW states that no costs should be payable by JPW to Crescendas for Crescendas’ general disbursements. 38

##### Foot Note 38

× Summary Tables at page 3.  
Mr Connor’s expert fee| JPW ought to pay Crescendas 60% of Mr Connor’s expert
fee of $239,816.25, ie, $143,889.75. 39

##### Foot Note 39

× Summary Tables at page 3. | JPW does not accept that Crescendas is the successful party for the first tranche of the trial. JPW states that no costs should be payable by JPW to Crescendas for the expert fee of Mr Connor. JPW also states that the expert fee of Mr Connor is excessive and disproportionate. 40

##### Foot Note 40

× Summary Tables at page 3.  
  
47 To determine the appropriate and fair quantum of costs to Crescendas, the
Court has to take into account the conduct of Crescendas and its failure in
certain claims as well as the successes of JPW in the first tranche of the
trial which are as follows:

(a) Crescendas failed in its claim that the Preliminaries Sum was not a fixed
sum.

(b) Crescendas succeeded in refuting JPW’s counterclaim of $155,000 which was
the amount JPW incurred to procure the OCBC Bond.

(c) Crescendas failed in relation to JPW’s counterclaim for JPW’s share of
$2.5 million in the first $5 million of the shared savings.

(d) Crescendas succeeded in proving that JPW caused substantial delays to the
completion of the Project. However, Crescendas claimed in its pleadings that
JPW was liable for 355 days of delay but JPW was ultimately only found to be
liable for 161 days of delay. The Court also found Crescendas liable for 173
days of delay by its acts of prevention.

(e) As a result of the delay by JPW, Crescendas succeeded in its claim for a
refund of the portion of the additional preliminaries it paid to JPW which the
parties agreed at $2.75 million.

48 The High Court also noticed that Crescendas had taken extreme positions
which were unnecessary in Suit 477. These had lengthened and increased the
complexity of the proceedings.

49 In particular, Crescendas alleged that the delays were all due to JPW.
However, the High Court found that Crescendas had committed acts of prevention
that caused the Project’s completion to be delayed. In the Liability Judgment
(HC) (at [378]–[384]), the High Court found that Crescendas had embarked on an
insidious campaign to slow down the completion of the Project as it was a
period of global financial crisis in 2008 which moderated construction prices.
There were also serious uncertainty and challenges to seek tenants to occupy
the Project at that time. To delay the progress of the work, Crescendas
engaged in conduct which was highly interventionist and unconducive to the
progress of the works towards the completion of the Project. Despite the delay
caused by Crescendas, it took an unreasonable position at the first tranche of
the trial and blamed JPW solely for all 355 days of delay. This unnecessarily
added to the length and the complexity of the proceedings.

50 It is not surprising that Crescendas is not seeking an order for all its
legal costs and disbursements for the first tranche of the trial. Crescendas
had limited successes regarding the various issues of the claim and seeks for
at least 40% of its legal costs and at least 50% of all disbursements for the
first tranche of the trial.

51 In my view, the fair and appropriate costs orders for the first tranche of
the trial for Crescendas are 30% of its legal costs and 40% of its
disbursements as Crescendas had limited successes in the first tranche of the
trial. The breakdown is as follows:

(a) The parties agree that the quantum of legal costs for the first tranche is
$700,000. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Crescendas BOD Vol II at Tabs 13 and 14: Crescendas’ Costs Schedule for the
first tranche of the trial dated 15 October 2018 and JPW’s Costs Schedule for
the first tranche of the trial dated 12 October 2018.

However, the parties’ costs schedules have not included legal costs for the
parties’ oral closing submissions which took 2.5 days. Crescendas has referred
to the costs guidelines in Appendix G which provides a maximum daily tariff
for construction cases of $18,000. This maximum daily tariff should be used to
compute the legal costs for the 2.5 days of oral closing submissions, given
the complexity of Suit 477. On this basis, Crescendas’ total legal costs for
the first tranche of the trial is $745,000, ie, $700,000 plus $45,000.
Accordingly, JPW is to pay Crescendas 30% of Crescendas’ legal costs, ie,
$223,500.

(b) In relation to the general disbursements, Crescendas’ costs schedule for
the first tranche of the trial sets out its general disbursements for the
period up to the written closing submissions as amounting to $220,183.75. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Crescendas BOD Vol II at Tab 13: Crescendas’ Costs Schedule for the first
tranche of the trial dated 15 October 2018; Summary Tables at page 3.

Taking into account the general disbursements incurred for and after the oral
closing submissions, Crescendas states that its total general disbursements
amount to $224,828.22. Accordingly, JPW is to pay Crescendas 40% of
Crescendas’ general disbursements, ie, $89,931.29.

(c) In relation to Mr Connor’s expert fee, Crescendas states that it incurred
the sum of $239,816.25. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Summary Tables at page 4.

Accordingly, JPW is to pay Crescendas 40% of Mr Connor’s expert fee of
$239,816.25, ie, $95,926.50.

The quantum of costs to be awarded to Crescendas for the second tranche of the
trial

52 The parties agree that Crescendas is entitled to costs for the second
tranche of the trial. Thus, I shall focus only on the fair and appropriate
quantum of legal costs and disbursements which Crescendas is entitled to.

53 The parties’ positions on the quantum of costs to be awarded to Crescendas
for the second tranche of the trial are as follows:

Type of costs| Crescendas’ position| JPW’s position  
---|---|---  
Legal costs| JPW ought to pay Crescendas 80% of Crescendas’ legal costs of
$618,000, ie, $494,400. 44

##### Foot Note 44

× Summary Tables at page 7. | JPW states that Appendix G provides for legal costs in the range of $167,000 to $413,000 for pre-trial costs of 16 days of trial and post-trial costs. JPW states that the appropriate legal costs is $350,000.Therefore, JPW should be ordered to pay Crescendas 40.6% of the sum of $350,000 for Crescendas’ legal costs, ie, $142,100.Alternatively, JPW states that it should only be ordered to pay up to 40.6% of the upper range of legal costs of $413,000 provided for in Appendix G, ie, $167,678. 45

##### Foot Note 45

× Summary Tables at page 7.  
General disbursements| JPW ought to pay 80% of Crescendas’ general
disbursements of $224,763, ie, $179,810.40. 46

##### Foot Note 46

× Summary Tables at page 8. | JPW ought to pay 40.6% of Crescendas’ general disbursements. 47

##### Foot Note 47

× Summary Tables at page 8. Given that Crescendas’ general disbursements
amounts to $224,763, this would mean that JPW is seeking to pay 40.6% of
$224,763, ie, $91,253.78.  
Assoc Prof Tay’s expert fee| JPW ought to pay 80% of Crescendas’ share of
Assoc Prof Tay’s expert fee of $28,800, ie, $23,040. 48

##### Foot Note 48

× Summary Tables at page 9. | JPW ought to pay 40.6% of Crescendas’ share of Assoc Prof Tay’s expert fee of $28,800, ie, $11,692.80. 49

##### Foot Note 49

× Summary Tables at page 9.  
Dr Woo’s and Mr Yeo’s joint expert fee| JPW ought to pay 95% of Dr Woo’s and
Mr Yeo’s joint expert fee of $256,242.26, ie, $243,430.15. 50

##### Foot Note 50

× Summary Tables at page 8. | JPW ought to pay 50% of Dr Woo’s and Mr Yeo’s joint expert fee of $256,242.26, ie, $128,121.13. 51

##### Foot Note 51

× Summary Tables at page 8.  
Mr Toh’s expert fee| JPW ought to pay 65% of Mr Toh’s expert fee of
$665,379.80, ie, $432,496.87. 52

##### Foot Note 52

× Summary Tables at page 9. | JPW ought to pay 30% of Mr Toh’s expert fee of $665,379.80, ie, $199,613.94. 53

##### Foot Note 53

× Summary Tables at page 9.  
  
The quantum of legal costs which Crescendas is entitled to for the second
tranche of the trial

54 I shall deal first with Crescendas’ entitlement to legal costs for the
second tranche of the trial. Crescendas seeks 80% of its legal costs. In
contrast, JPW seeks an order that it be liable for only 40.6% of Crescendas’
legal costs.

55 JPW argues that since the AD, in the second tranche of the trial, only
awarded 40.6% of Crescendas’ overall claim, Crescendas should only be awarded
40.6% of the costs for the second tranche of the trial. This simplistic
approach may not be fair and appropriate. This approach does not take into
consideration the complexity of the second tranche of the trial. It also does
not take into account the extremely low quantum that JPW submitted it was
liable to pay to Crescendas in the second tranche of the trial. Ultimately,
the AD awarded Crescendas an amount much higher than that proposed by JPW for
the 161 days of delay. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Crescendas’ 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 29.

56 Further, JPW’s computation of 40.6% has not taken into account that
Crescendas is entitled to a sum of $2.75 million from JPW in relation to the
issue of the additional preliminaries. JPW contends that this should not be
the case since the sum of $2.75 million was pursuant to a settlement by the
parties. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

JPW’s 9 May 2023 Costs Submissions at para 13.

In the Liability Judgment (HC) at [376], the High Court found that Crescendas
should not have paid JPW for the additional preliminaries for the number of
days of delay caused by JPW. The High Court, therefore, allowed Crescendas’
claim for a refund of the portion of the additional preliminaries it paid to
JPW. As a result of the CA’s finding in Liability Judgment (CA) at [20] that
JPW was responsible for 161 days of delay, Crescendas was entitled to a refund
of the portion of the additional preliminaries it paid to JPW for 161 days of
delay. While the assessment of the amount to be refunded by JPW to Crescendas
would have been the subject matter of the second tranche of the trial, the
parties arrived at a settlement before the second tranche of the trial that a
sum of $2.75 million was to be refunded by JPW to Crescendas. Therefore, it is
clear that the settlement was pursuant to a finding already made in the first
tranche of the trial that Crescendas was entitled to a refund of the portion
of the additional preliminaries it paid to JPW for 161 days of delay. While
costs were saved as a result of the settlement before the second tranche of
the trial, the fact remains that costs were incurred to litigate the issue
relating to the additional preliminaries which led to the finding in the
Liability Judgment (HC). Therefore, the Court is entitled to take into account
that Crescendas had succeeded to claim a refund of $2.75 million from JPW in
relation to the issue of the additional preliminaries in the second tranche of
the trial and the proportion of costs to be awarded to Crescendas.

57 Based on a holistic overview, Crescendas has won a substantial sum of
$8,125,952.92 (see the breakdown below) at the end of the second tranche of
the trial, less the sum of $2.5 million owed by Crescendas to JPW for JPW’s
share of the first $5 million of the shared savings. The breakdown of the
award is as follows:

(a) JPW was found to be liable for a sum of $4,185,802.60 in relation to
Crescendas’ loss of net rental revenue.

(b) JPW was found to be liable for a sum of $1,061,285.86 in respect of
Crescendas’ holding costs.

(c) JPW was found to be liable for a sum of $128,864.46 in respect of the site
staff costs.

(d) JPW was found to be liable to refund a portion of the additional
preliminaries paid by Crescendas to JPW for 161 days of delay. Following the
settlement, JPW agreed to pay a sum of $2.75 million to Crescendas.

(e) JPW succeeded in its counterclaim against Crescendas for the sum of $2.5
million which was JPW’s share in the first $5 million of the shared savings.

58 Further, Crescendas had also succeeded in showing, and the AD had agreed,
that the multi-year methodology was the correct method for computing the loss
of rental arising from the 161 days of delay caused by JPW.

59 Therefore, Crescendas’ submission that it should be entitled to 80% of
legal costs for the second tranche of the trial is reasonable and I agree.
Unlike the first tranche of the trial, the quantum of legal costs for the
second tranche of the trial is disputed. I shall summarise the parties’
position on the quantum of legal costs for the second tranche of the trial and
the basis of my decision below:

(a) Crescendas relies on its costs schedule for the second tranche of the
trial which sets out its legal costs for the period up to the written closing
submissions as amounting to $600,000. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Crescendas BOD Vol II at Tab 28: Crescendas’ Costs Schedule for the second
tranche of the trial dated 31 May 2021.

Crescendas’ costs schedule has not included legal costs for the parties’ oral
closing submissions which took one day. Crescendas has referred to the costs
guidelines in Appendix G and states that the maximum daily tariff of $18,000
should be used to compute the legal costs for the one day of oral closing
submissions, given the complexity of Suit 477. Therefore, Crescendas states
that its total legal costs for the second tranche of the trial is $618,000. As
acknowledged by Crescendas, this sum of $618,000 already takes into account
legal costs incurred by Crescendas for the issue of the additional
preliminaries. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Summary Tables at page 5.

Crescendas seeks a costs order for 80% of its legal costs of $618,000, ie,
$494,400.

(b) JPW disagrees with Crescendas’ legal costs as set out in Crescendas’ costs
schedule. Instead, JPW suggests using the costs guidelines in Appendix G to
arrive at an approximation of the appropriate legal costs for the second
tranche of the trial. Appendix G provides the following:

(i) $30,000 to $90,000 for pre-trial costs;

(ii) a daily tariff of $6,000 to $18,000 for trial; and

(iii) up to $35,000 for post-trial costs.

JPW states that an application of Appendix G would lead to costs in the range
of $167,000 to $413,000 for pre-trial costs, 16 days of trial and post-trial
costs. JPW states that the appropriate starting point for legal costs in this
case is $350,000. Based on JPW’s costs schedule for the second tranche of the
trial, I note that JPW’s legal costs amounted to $350,000. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Crescendas BOD Vol II at Tab 29: JPW’s Costs Schedule for the second tranche
of the trial dated 17 May 2021.

(c) There is clearly a significant difference in the quantum of legal costs of
the parties as set out in their respective costs schedules. The costs
guidelines in Appendix G should be used to arrive at an approximation of legal
costs which would ordinarily have been incurred for the second tranche of the
trial. The second tranche of the trial was clearly complex and lengthy. I
agree that the complexity of the second tranche of the trial warrants using
the highest end of the ranges set out in Appendix G. This would lead to the
total legal costs of $413,000, comprising the following:

(i) $90,000 for pre-trial costs;

(ii) $288,000 for 16 days of trial (which already factors in one day of oral
closing submissions), based on the maximum daily tariff of $18,000 in Appendix
G; and

(iii) $35,000 for post-trial costs.

I agree that Crescendas is entitled to 80% of legal costs for the second
tranche of the trial. Thus, I order JPW to pay 80% of Crescendas’ legal costs
of $413,000, ie, $330,400.

Crescendas’ entitlement to disbursements for the second tranche of the trial

60 In relation to the issue of disbursements, I shall deal with the costs
orders for general disbursements and disbursements relating to the fees of the
various experts separately.

(1) General disbursements

61 Crescendas seeks 80% of the general disbursements while JPW submits that
Crescendas should only be paid 40.6% of the general disbursements. I am of the
view that Crescendas’ figure of 80% of the general disbursement is fair. I,
therefore, order JPW to pay 80% of Crescendas’ general disbursements of
$224,763 to Crescendas, ie, $179,810.40.

62 I shall now consider the amount of the expert fees that JPW has to pay for
the Court’s expert and Crescendas’ experts.

(2) Assoc Prof Tay’s expert fee

63 Assoc Prof Tay was the Court’s expert appointed with the consent of the
parties who agreed to bear his fee which amounted to $57,600. This was the
lowest of all the expert fees and it was borne by Crescendas and JPW in equal
proportion in the first instance.

64 JPW states that it should only be ordered to pay 40.6% of Crescendas’ share
of Assoc Prof Tay’s expert fee of $28,800, ie, $11,692.80. Based on JPW’s
submission, JPW would ultimately bear $40,500 of Assoc Prof Tay’s expert fee
while Crescendas would bear $17,100.

65 As the High Court had stated in the Damages Judgment (HC) at [51], Assoc
Prof Tay was appointed as the Court’s expert to assist in the second tranche
of the trial in view of the extreme positions taken by both the parties on the
quantum of Crescendas’ loss of net rental revenue. Given the need for the
Court’s expert to be appointed in the first place, I order that Assoc Prof
Tay’s expert fee be borne in equal proportion by the parties.

(3) Dr Woo’s and Mr Yeo’s joint expert fee

66 JPW argues that the joint expert fee of Dr Woo and Mr Yeo is unreasonable
and excessive. The joint expert fee amounts to $256,242.26.

67 JPW argues that this fee is twice that of JPW’s expert, Assoc Prof Yu,
which was $119,600. However, this ignores the fact that the joint expert fee
of $256,242.26 is a combined fee issued for the work done by two experts – Dr
Woo and Mr Yeo. In contrast, the expert fee of JPW’s expert was for the work
done by a single expert. Therefore, JPW’s comparison of the two fees is
erroneous and inaccurate.

68 In the same vein, JPW’s submission that the joint expert fee of Dr Woo and
Mr Yeo is four times that of the fee of the Court’s expert, Assoc Prof Tay,
which was $57,600, is similarly incorrect.

69 Crescendas is seeking a reimbursement of 95% of the joint expert fee of Dr
Woo and Mr Yeo while JPW submits that JPW should only be liable for 50% of the
joint expert fee of $256,242.26.

70 I am of the view that it was excessive for Crescendas to have engaged three
experts to quantify JPW’s delay. Accordingly, I shall make the appropriate
adjustments to the expert fees of Crescendas’ three experts. For the joint
expert fee of Dr Woo and Mr Yeo, the fair and reasonable sum for Crescendas is
70% of $256,242.26. Hence, JPW is ordered to pay Crescendas $179,369.58.

(4) Mr Toh’s expert fee

71 JPW argues that the expert fee of Mr Toh, amounting to $665,379.80, is
disproportionate. Crescendas seeks an order for 65% of Mr Toh’s expert fee to
be paid by JPW. JPW, on the other hand, states that it should only be ordered
to pay 30% of Mr Toh’s expert fee to Crescendas.

72 I note JPW’s argument that Mr Toh’s expert fee is five times that of JPW’s
expert, Assoc Prof Yu. It is undisputed that Mr Toh’s expert fee is
significantly higher than the expert fees of the other experts who assisted in
the trial. The issue, however, is whether Mr Toh’s expert fee is reasonable
and proportionate.

73 In my view, I agree with JPW’s submission that much of Mr Toh’s evidence
relating to quantification of Crescendas’ loss of net rental revenue was based
on a calculation of the difference between projected earnings (ie, the delay
scenario) and actual earnings of Crescendas (ie, no delay scenario). This
aspect of Mr Toh’s evidence was also commented on by the other experts of
Crescendas at the trial. Hence, it is questionable whether it was really
necessary for Crescendas to engage Mr Toh as his fee was astronomically higher
than the other experts. It is excessive for Crescendas to have engaged three
experts to quantify the delay for the second tranche of the trial.

74 It appears that Crescendas acknowledges that there is a need to
significantly calibrate downward the percentage of Mr Toh’s expert fee which
should be payable by JPW to Crescendas. This is reflected in Crescendas’
position seeking for an order for 65% of Mr Toh’s expert fee to be paid by
JPW. In my view, a further downward adjustment is necessary, fair and
appropriate, especially because Mr Toh’s expert fee is extremely excessive as
compared to the fees of the other experts. I agree with JPW and order JPW to
pay 30% of Mr Toh’s expert fee of $665,379.80 to Crescendas, ie, $199,613.94.

(5) Summary of the costs orders relating to disbursements for the second
tranche of the trial

75 In summary, I make the following costs orders in relation to disbursements
for the second tranche of the trial:

(a) I order JPW to pay 80% of Crescendas’ general disbursements of $224,763 to
Crescendas, ie, $179,810.40.

(b) As both the parties took extreme positions in the assessment of damages at
the second tranche, I order that Assoc Prof Tay’s expert fee be borne in equal
proportion by the parties.

(c) I order JPW to pay 70% of Dr Woo’s and Mr Yeo’s joint expert fee of
$256,242.26 to Crescendas, ie, $179,369.58.

(d) I order JPW to pay 30% of Mr Toh’s expert fee of $665,379.80 to
Crescendas, ie, $199,613.94.

Costs orders for various interlocutory applications

76 The parties have also sought costs orders for various interlocutory matters
for which costs have not been decided.

77 There are a total of eight interlocutory applications for which costs have
not been decided. The parties have agreed, as set out in a document dated 6
June 2023, on costs orders for five interlocutory applications. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

See Schedule A in the List of Agreed Facts and Disputed Issues (for costs
submissions to General Division) dated 6 June 2023 jointly prepared by the
parties.

In view of the parties’ agreement, the consent costs orders are as follows:

Description of  
interlocutory application| Costs order (as agreed by  
the parties)  
---|---  
HC/SUM 2572/2017(Summons for discovery by Crescendas)| JPW is to pay
Crescendas $12,651.17 (all-in).  
Amendment of Statement of Claim by Crescendas in April 2018| Crescendas is to
pay JPW $1,000 (all-in).  
HC/SUM 6069/2019(Summons for directions under O 37 of the ROC 2014 by
Crescendas)| JPW is to pay Crescendas $1,000 (all-in).  
Amendment of Statement of Claim by Crescendas in July 2020| Crescendas is to
pay JPW $2,500 (all-in).  
Amendment of pleadings by the parties in March 2021| The parties are to bear
their own costs.  
  
78 For the remaining three interlocutory applications, the parties agree on
the quantum of costs to be paid. The parties also agree that the costs for the
three interlocutory applications should be paid to the party which is found to
be entitled to costs for the first tranche of the trial. This is because these
interlocutory applications were made in the first tranche of the trial and
costs were ordered to be in the cause. Therefore, in view of the parties’
agreement and my finding (at [45] above) that Crescendas is the successful
party for the first tranche of the trial and is entitled to legal costs and
disbursements for the first tranche of the trial, I order as follows:

Description of  
interlocutory application| Costs order  
---|---  
HC/RA 123/2016(Appeal by Crescendas against the decision of an Assistant
Registrar relating to Crescendas’ request for further and better particulars
of the defence and counterclaim)| JPW is to pay Crescendas $1,800 (all-in).  
HC/SUM 340/2017(Summons for directions pursuant to O 25 r 21 of the ROC 2014
by Crescendas)| JPW is to pay Crescendas $1,000 (all-in).  
HC/SUM 401/2018(Summons under O 33 r 2 of the ROC 2014 by JPW for the trial to
be bifurcated)| JPW is to pay Crescendas $3,000 (all-in).  
  
Conclusion

79 In summary, Crescendas is the successful party for both the first tranche
and the second tranche of the trial. These are my findings:

(a) The Court must view the overall outcome of the litigation in determining
which party in substance and in reality won the litigation. It is clear that
the result of the overall litigation is that JPW must pay a substantial sum to
Crescendas. Crescendas could not have recovered this sum if it had not
commenced Suit 477 against JPW. Crescendas has succeeded to recover a
substantial sum from JPW. I am mindful that Crescendas only recovered a
fraction out of its overall pleaded claim. This is largely due to the fact
that Crescendas took extreme positions on some of the important issues. I am
also aware that JPW succeeded on a number of issues in the first tranche of
the trial. However, this is outweighed by the fact that the overall result of
this litigation is that JPW must pay Crescendas a substantial sum.

(b) JPW’s position that it is the successful party for the first tranche of
the trial is premised on its claim that it had won the Preliminaries Sum of
$12.3 million following the first tranche of the trial. This is, however,
inaccurate. The issue relating to the Preliminaries Sum was whether the
Preliminaries Sum of $12.3 million was a fixed sum. Crescendas contended that
the Preliminaries Sum of $12.3 million was a tentative figure subject to
negotiation. JPW’s success on this issue was the High Court’s finding, which
was affirmed by the Court of Appeal, that the Preliminaries Sum was a fixed
sum of $12.3 million. The result of this issue is that JPW does not have to
refund any portion of the Preliminaries Sum to Crescendas.

(c) While Crescendas is the successful party for both the first tranche and
the second tranche of the trial, this does not mean that JPW’s successes in
relation to its counterclaim and in defending against the various claims of
Crescendas are to be given no weight. Rather, JPW’s successes on these issues
allow the Court to exercise its discretion to moderate Crescendas’ claims for
legal costs and disbursements.

80 While Crescendas is the successful party for the first tranche of the
trial, Crescendas’ success is fairly limited. Crescendas’ pursuit of the
claims and the extreme positions it took with regard to some of the important
issues in the first tranche of the trial had lengthened and raised the
complexity of the proceedings. For the first tranche of the trial, I order JPW
to pay 30% of Crescendas’ legal costs and 40% of Crescendas’ disbursements as
follows:

(a) The parties agree that the quantum of legal costs for the first tranche of
the trial is $700,000. For the oral closing submissions which took 2.5 days
and applying the maximum daily tariff of $18,000 in the costs guidelines in
Appendix G, legal costs for the 2.5 days is $45,000. Hence, Crescendas’ total
legal costs for the first tranche of the trial is $745,000. JPW is to pay 30%
of this amount to Crescendas, ie, $223,500.

(b) In relation to general disbursements which amounts to $224,828.22, JPW is
to pay 40% of Crescendas’ general disbursements to Crescendas, ie, $89,931.29.

(c) In relation to Mr Connor’s expert fee of $239,816.25, JPW is to pay 40% of
Mr Connor’s expert fee to Crescendas, ie, $95,926.50.

81 For the first tranche of the trial, JPW is to pay Crescendas an aggregate
of $409,357.79 (ie, $223,500 plus $89,931.29 plus $95,926.50).

82 For the second tranche of the trial, it is undisputed that Crescendas is
entitled to costs. I order JPW to pay legal costs and disbursements to
Crescendas for the second tranche of the trial as follows:

(a) JPW is to pay 80% of Crescendas’ legal costs for the second tranche of the
trial. I reject JPW’s submission that it should be held liable for only 40.6%
of Crescendas’ legal costs.

(b) Crescendas is seeking legal costs of $618,000 for the second tranche of
the trial. On the other hand, JPW submits that the appropriate legal costs for
the second tranche of the trial is $350,000. The Court applies the costs
guidelines in Appendix G to assess legal costs for the second tranche of the
trial. The complexity of Suit 477 warrants the Court to apply the higher end
of the costs range in Appendix G. Thus, legal costs for the second tranche of
the trial is $413,000. I order JPW to pay 80% of Crescendas’ legal costs of
$413,000 to Crescendas, ie, $330,400.

(c) I order JPW to pay 80% of Crescendas’ general disbursements of $224,763 to
Crescendas, ie, $179,810.40.

(d) The expert fee of Assoc Prof Tay is $57,600. Assoc Prof Tay was appointed
with the consent of the parties as the Court’s expert to assist in the second
tranche of the trial as the parties had taken extreme positions. Crescendas
and JPW will bear the expert fee of Assoc Prof Tay in equal proportion.

(e) The joint expert fee of Dr Woo and Mr Yeo is $256,242.26. Crescendas
submits that JPW should bear 95% of the joint expert fee while JPW argues that
it should only be liable for 50% of the joint expert fee. I order JPW to pay
70% of Dr Woo’s and Mr Yeo’s joint expert fee of $256,242.26 to Crescendas,
ie, $179,369.58.

(f) The expert fee of Mr Toh is $665,379.80. It is undisputed that Mr Toh’s
expert fee is the highest of all the experts’ fees. Crescendas acknowledges
that there is a need to calibrate downward Mr Toh’s expert fee which is
payable by JPW to Crescendas. Thus, Crescendas is seeking an order that JPW
pays 65% of Mr Toh’s expert fee. However, JPW submits that it should only be
liable for 30% of Mr Toh’s expert fee. I order JPW to pay 30% of Mr Toh’s
expert fee of $665,379.80 to Crescendas, ie, $199,613.94.

83 For the second tranche of the trial, JPW is to pay Crescendas an aggregate
of $889,193.92 (ie, $330,400 plus $179,810.40 plus $179,369.58 plus
$199,613.94).

84 For the interlocutory matters, I make the following costs orders:

Description of  
interlocutory application| Costs order  
---|---  
HC/SUM 2572/2017(Summons for discovery by Crescendas)| JPW is to pay
Crescendas $12,651.17 (all-in).  
Amendment of Statement of Claim by Crescendas in April 2018| Crescendas is to
pay JPW $1,000 (all-in).  
HC/SUM 6069/2019(Summons for directions under O 37 of the ROC 2014 by
Crescendas)| JPW is to pay Crescendas $1,000 (all-in).  
Amendment of Statement of Claim by Crescendas in July 2020| Crescendas is to
pay JPW $2,500 (all-in).  
Amendment of pleadings by the parties in March 2021| The parties are to bear
their own costs.  
HC/RA 123/2016(Appeal by Crescendas against the decision of an Assistant
Registrar relating to Crescendas’ request for further and better particulars
of the defence and counterclaim)| JPW is to pay Crescendas $1,800 (all-in).  
HC/SUM 340/2017(Summons for directions pursuant to O 25 r 21 of the ROC 2014
by Crescendas)| JPW is to pay Crescendas $1,000 (all-in).  
HC/SUM 401/2018(Summons under O 33 r 2 of the ROC 2014 by JPW for the trial to
be bifurcated)| JPW is to pay Crescendas $3,000 (all-in).  
  
85 For the interlocutory matters, JPW is to pay an aggregate of $15,951.17 to
Crescendas.

86 The total amount of costs and disbursements that JPW has to pay Crescendas
for the first tranche and the second tranche of the trial as well as the
interlocutory matters is $1,314,502.88 (ie, $409,357.79 plus $889,193.92 plus
$15,951.17).

Tan Siong Thye  
Senior Judge| |   
---|---|---  
  
Parmar Karam Singh and Leong Lijie (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the
plaintiff;

Koh Kia Jeng, Lau Wen Jin and Alexander Choo Wei Wen (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson
LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Aug 2023 (18:24 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

