Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 277

Originating Claim No 406 of 2022 (Registrar’s Appeal No 78 of 2023)

Between

Wang Piao  
---  
  
… Claimant

And

Lee Wee Ching  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Summary judgment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wang Piao

  
v

  

Lee Wee Ching

[2023] SGHC 277

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 406 of 2022
(Registrar’s Appeal No 78 of 2023)  
Goh Yihan JC  
22 May, 4 July, 2 October 2023

3 October 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 This is the defendant’s appeal against the learned Assistant Registrar Paul
Tan’s (“the learned AR”) decision in HC/SUM 104/2023 (“SUM 104”) to grant
summary judgment in favour of the claimant in HC/OC 406/2022 (“OC 406”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/ORC 1848/2023 dated 14 April 2023 and extracted 21 April 2023.

2 The claimant has characterised his claim as being one for the payment of a
contractual sum based on a written agreement between the parties. In response,
the defendant says that the claimant had transferred funds to him (the
defendant) so that the claimant (or his associates) could “piggyback” on the
defendant’s transaction to acquire another “Vantage Rapid Thermal Processing
Unit” (“Vantage Unit”). I understand the term “piggyback”, which the defendant
uses, to mean that the claimant can make use of the defendant’s transaction to
acquire one Vantage Unit for the claimant’s own benefit. In essence, the
defendant is saying that the loan from the claimant is not what it appears to
be.

3 After hearing the parties and considering their submissions, I dismiss the
appeal and uphold the learned AR’s decision in SUM 104. I provide the reasons
for my decision in this judgment.

Procedural history

4 I begin with the procedural history behind this appeal. At the initial
hearing of this appeal on 22 May 2023, the defendant sought permission to file
an application to amend his Defence dated 16 December 2022 (“Defence”). I
granted the defendant permission to do so. I thus adjourned the hearing to
allow the claimant to file a reply affidavit and for parties to file their
submissions in relation to the amendment application. I also asked the parties
to file additional submissions for this appeal on the assumption that I
allowed the amendment application.

5 I then heard the parties on the amendment application, HC/SUM 1463/2023
(“SUM 1463”), on 4 July 2023. The amendment application was more involved than
I had expected. I therefore reserved my decision on that application and did
not hear this appeal. After taking some time to consider the amendment
application, I dismissed the application on 4 August 2023 in my decision of
Wang Piao v Lee Wee Ching [2023] SGHC 216. The present appeal was then fixed
to be heard on 2 October 2023.

6 Given my decision to disallow the defendant’s proposed amendments to his
Defence, I will consider only the parties’ original pleadings in this appeal.

Background facts leading to SUM 104

7 The background facts leading to SUM 104 can be described briefly. The
claimant, the defendant, and one Mr Bryan Tio Geok Hong (“Bryan”) were
shareholders of Apek Services (Pte) Ltd (“Apek”). Apek is a Singapore-
incorporated entity that is involved in the manufacture and repair of process
control equipment, as well as related products. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defence dated 16 December 2022 (“Defence”) at para 3(2)(2.1).

The defendant was the sole director of Korbett Pte Ltd (“Korbett”), which is a
Singapore-incorporated entity in the business of providing semiconductor
products and services. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim dated 22 November 2022 (“SOC”) at para 1; Defence at para
3(1).

8 On 22 November 2022, the claimant commenced OC 406 against the defendant,
claiming the breach of a loan agreement between the parties (the “Loan
Agreement”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

HC/OC 406/2022 dated 22 November 2022.

According to the claimant, the defendant had been interested to purchase two
Vantage Units, so that he could refurbish and sell them for a profit. However,
the defendant could only afford to purchase one Vantage Unit. As such, in
order to finance the purchase of the other Vantage Unit, the defendant asked
the claimant for a loan of US$1.1m, which was the approximate purchase price
of one Vantage Unit. Pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, the claimant
extended a sum of US$1.1m to the defendant. In exchange, the defendant agreed
to repay the claimant a sum of US$1.95m within approximately six months. Thus,
the claimant’s case is premised on the repayment of a sum provided for in the
Loan Agreement. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at paras 2–6.

9 On 16 December 2022, the defendant filed his Defence in OC 406. The
defendant’s case is that, among other arguments: (a) he never received any
money under the Loan Agreement because the sum of US$1,099,911.66 that had
been transferred to him was to purchase a Vantage Unit on behalf of the
claimant, Bryan, and/or Apex; 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence at para 3(2)(2.5).

and (b) he does not recall executing the Loan Agreement. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defence at para 3(5).

In essence, the defendant says that the supposed loan was not really a loan
and that even if it was a loan, he does not recall entering into it.

10 On 13 January 2023, the claimant commenced SUM 104 to seek summary judgment
against the defendant. On 14 April 2023, the learned AR granted summary
judgment for the claimant in the sum of US$1.95m, together with interest
thereon. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

HC/ORC 1848/2023 dated 14 April 2023 and extracted on 21 April 2023.

The learned AR first found that the claimant had made out a prima facie case
on the basis of the Loan Agreement, which clearly obliged the defendant to
repay the sum of US$1.95m. The learned AR then concluded that the defendant
did not show that there were any triable issues or that he had a bona fide
defence. In this regard, the learned AR observed that the defendant had not
pleaded that the Loan Agreement was a sham or that it had been forged.
Further, the learned AR found that the defendant’s attempt to recharacterise
the Loan Agreement as not being a loan was incoherent and did not explain how
the defendant came to sign the Loan Agreement that was clearly stipulated to
be a loan. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Certified Transcript for HC/SUM 104/2023 dated 14 April 2023 at p 9 line 21 to
p 11 line 21.

11 It was against these background facts the defendant filed the present
appeal against the learned AR’s decision in SUM 104.

The parties’ general positions

12 Shorn of the proposed amendments to the defence, the parties largely
maintain their positions taken below for this appeal.

13 The claimant submits that the learned AR rightly found that he had
established a prima facie case against the defendant. More specifically, the
claimant argues that he is simply enforcing the Loan Agreement. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 27 June 2023 (“CWS”) at paras 7–9.

Indeed, the Singapore courts have consistently found that a prima facie case
is made out where there is a written agreement in this context. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

CWS at para 10.

The claimant then submits that the defendant’s bare allegations do not raise
any triable issues. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

CWS at paras 11–54.

14 While the defendant raised a number of defences before the learned AR, he
focuses, in this appeal, on there being a triable issue arising from the
purpose of the transfer of US$1,099,911.66 to the defendant in August 2018. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 27 June 2023 (“DWS”) at paras 34–36.

This issue is neatly captured in paragraph 3(2) of his Defence, which I
reproduce in full below:

(2) Save that there had been oral discussions between the [d]efendant and the
[c]laimant in 2018 in respect of the Vantage … Units, paragraph 2 of the
[Statement of Claim] is denied. The [d]efendant avers as follows:

(2.1) At all material times, the [c]laimant, … Bryan … and the [d]efendant
(either directly or indirectly), were shareholders of Apek. …

(2.2) …

(2.3) Sometime in or around June or July 2018, the [d]efendant intended to
purchase one Vantage … Unit for the purposes of refurbishment and resale for
profit.

(2.4) Pursuant to the [p]arties’ practice of sharing new business and
investment opportunities with one other, the [d]efendant verbally informed
Bryan and the [c]laimant of his intention to purchase and profit from the
refurbishment and resale of the Vantage … Unit. Arising from this but on a
subsequent occasion sometime in August 2018, Bryan and the [c]laimant
expressed interest to similarly acquire a Vantage … Unit for refurbishment and
resale. The [d]efendant orally informed Bryan and the [c]laimant that the cost
of acquiring, deinstallation, transporting, shipping, and storage at Korbett’s
premises of the Vantage … Unit was about the sum of US[$]1,100,000.00. The
[c]laimant and Bryan orally agreed and requested that the [d]efendant, through
Korbett, procure an additional Vantage … Unit (the “Apek Vantage Unit”) on
behalf of Apek, Bryan, and/or the [c]laimant.

(2.5) Subsequently, the [c]laimant and/or Apek and/or Bryan procured the
transfer of the sum of US$1,099,911.66 (the “Consideration”) to the
[d]efendant, in several tranches in August 2018, as consideration for the
[d]efendant’s purchase of the Apek Vantage Unit on behalf of Apek, Bryan,
and/or the [c]laimant. The Consideration was transferred to the bank account
of Trowbridge Universal Corp, the [d]efendant’s British Virgin Islands-
incorporated entity (“Trowbridge”) from Thurman Group, Lamont United, and the
[c]laimant.

(2.6) On or around 16 August 2018, the [d]efendant, through Korbett, purchased
two Vantage … Units at a total cost price of US[$]1,900,000.00 from IM Flash
Technologies. One Vantage … Unit was purchased for Korbett, and the Apek
Vantage Unit was procured by Korbett for and/on behalf of Apek, on the
instructions of the [c]laimant and/or Bryan. At all material times, the
beneficial ownership of the Apek Vantage Unit vested with the [c]laimant
and/or Bryan and/or Apek.

(2.7) The Apek Vantage Unit was, at the [c]laimant and/or Bryan’s request,
stored in Korbett’s business premises for and on behalf of the [c]laimant,
Bryan and/or Apek.

(2.8) Sometime in late March 2020, Bryan, for and on behalf of the [c]laimant
and Apek, and pursuant to their beneficial ownership of the Apek Vantage Unit,
orally instructed the [d]efendant to procure the shipment of the Apek Vantage
Unit to HLK Technology Limited (“HLK”), a Taiwanese entity. On or around 23
March 2020, pursuant to the instructions of Bryan, Korbett shipped the Apek
Vantage Unit to HLK. The costs of shipping the Apek Vantage Unit to Taiwan was
to be borne by Apek.

[emphasis in original]

15 To summarise the above, the defendant alleges that the sum of
US$1,099,911.66 was transferred to enable the defendant to purchase a Vantage
Unit on behalf of the claimant, Bryan, and/or Apek. Therefore, although the
Loan Agreement states there is a loan, there is, in fact, no loan. The
defendant further explains in his First Affidavit dated 6 February 2023 that
his account of the facts is supported by the objective evidence, including:
(a) the fact that the claimant and Bryan were interested in purchasing a
Vantage Unit for themselves; 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1st Affidavit of Lee Wee Ching dated 6 February 2023 (“LWC’s affidavit”) at
para 71.

(b) emails that substantiated the fact that the claimant, Bryan, and/or Apek
claimed ownership over the Vantage Unit concerned; 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

LWC’s affidavit at paras 64 and 71–72.

(c) a tax invoice and commercial invoice which showed that payment for the
shipment of the Vantage Unit was paid for by Apek and not the defendant; 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

LWC’s affidavit at paras 68–69.

(d) bank account transfers showing that the sum of US$1,099,911.66 was
transferred not just from the claimant’s bank account but also from other bank
accounts; 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

LWC’s affidavit at paras 39 and 43.

and (e) the fact that the claimant remained silent and did not ask for
repayment well after the due date. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

LWC’s affidavit at paras 56–58.

Ultimately, the defendant points out that he did not receive any benefit from
the disposal of the Vantage Unit to HLK Technology Limited (“HLK”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

LWC’s affidavit at para 73.

The applicable law

16 In terms of the applicable principles, it is trite law that the purpose of
the summary judgment procedure under O 9 r 17 of the Rules of Court 2021 (the
“ROC 2021”), which was previously O 14 rr 1 and 3 of the Rules of Court (2014
Rev Ed) (the “ROC 2014”), is to enable a claimant to obtain a quick judgment
where there is plainly no defence to the claim without trial (see the High
Court decision of Ling Yew Kong v Teo Vin Li Richard [2014] 2 SLR 123 at [30],
citing Singapore Civil Procedure 2013 (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
2013)). However, it is important that such proceedings “should not be allowed
to become a means for obtaining, in effect, an immediate trial of the action”
(see Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 vol 1 (Cavinder Bull gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2021) at para 14/1/2, as well as Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Singapore Civil
Procedure (LexisNexis, 2022) at para 23-6).

17 Accordingly, to obtain summary judgment, a claimant must first show that he
has a prima facie case for summary judgment. If he fails to do that, his
application ought to be dismissed. However, once the claimant shows that he
has a prima facie case, the tactical burden then shifts to the defendant who,
in order to obtain leave to defend, must establish that there is a fair or
reasonable probability that he has a real or bona fide defence (see the High
Court decisions of Ritzland Investment Pte Ltd v Grace Management &
Consultancy Services Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 1342 (“Ritzland Investment”) at
[43]–[44] and M2B World Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko [2015] 1 SLR
325 (“M2B World”) at [17]). The court will not grant leave to defend if the
defendant only provides a mere assertion, contained in an affidavit, of a
given situation which forms the basis of his defence (see M2B World at [19],
citing the High Court decision of Prosperous Credit Pte Ltd v Gen Hwa
Franchise International Pte Ltd [1998] 1 SLR(R) 53 at [14]). The burden which
shifts to the defendant upon a prima facie case being shown is the burden on
the application for summary judgment, ie, a tactical burden, and not the legal
or even an evidential burden of proof (see Ritzland Investment at [45]).

18 Accordingly, I will first consider whether the claimant has successfully
established a prima facie case that he is entitled to the sums claimed. If he
has, the tactical burden shifts to the defendant who must show that there is a
triable issue or a bona fide defence or that for some other reason there ought
to be a trial, but a complete defence need not be shown (see M2B World at
[19], citing Bank Negara Malaysia v Mohd Ismail [1992] 1 MLJ 400). If the
defendant cannot do this, the claimant will be entitled to summary judgment.

My decision: the appeal is dismissed

The claimant has established a prima facie case for judgment

19 Applying these principles, I find that the claimant has established a prima
facie case for summary judgment in his favour. To begin with, the claimant has
exhibited a written agreement dated 6 August 2018 that was entered into
between the parties, which I have referred to above as the “Loan Agreement”.
The Loan Agreement is stated to be a “Personal Loan between Individuals”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1st Affidavit of Wang Piao dated 13 January 2023 (“WP’s affidavit”) at p 14.

It also provides that the “Lender” is the claimant and the “Borrower” is the
defendant. It further states that in exchange for the claimant extending to
the defendant a loan in the sum of US$1.1m (described as the “Loan Amount”),
the defendant is to repay the sum of US$1.95m (described as the “Equipment
Sale Price”) to the claimant in accordance with a prescribed schedule
(described as the “Repayment Schedule”). The Repayment Schedule provides for
repayment to be made in three tranches between December 2018 and March 2019.

20 It is not disputed that the claimant had paid the Loan Amount to the
defendant. It is also not disputed that the defendant has failed to make any
repayment to the claimant. The claimant has therefore made out a prima facie
case for judgment since the defendant is in breach of his obligation to repay
the Equipment Sale Price. This is similar to many cases in which the courts
have found a prima facie case and entered summary judgment on the basis of
signed loan documents. For example, in the High Court decision of Lek Peng
Lung v Lee Investments (Pte) Ltd and others [1991] 2 SLR(R) 635 (“Lek Peng
Lung”), the plaintiff sued the defendants for moneys that her late husband had
lent to the defendants’ pawnshop. The plaintiff produced two receipts which
were signed by the third defendant on behalf of the pawnshop that stated that
“[t]his is a receipt for a loan, not a deposit”. Warren L H Khoo J dismissed
the defendants’ appeal against summary judgment. Khoo J had decided so on the
basis that, among other reasons, the defendants had not discharged their
burden of showing why the receipts, which clearly stated that the sums were
loans and not deposits, should be treated as deposits instead (see Lek Peng
Lung at [21]–[23]). Similarly, in the High Court decision of DBS Bank Ltd v
Lam Yee Shen and another [2021] 5 SLR 1202, Aedit Abdullah J found that the
plaintiff had established a prima facie case with its documentation showing
the existence of a mortgage, as well as account statements proving that the
defendants had defaulted on their monthly instalments (at [16]). Abdullah J’s
decision was upheld by the Appellate Division of the High Court (the “AD”) in
Lam Yee Shen and another v DBS Bank Ltd [2022] 1 SLR 671.

21 Accordingly, I find that the claimant has established a prima facie case
for summary judgment against the defendant.

The defendant has not shown that there is a fair or reasonable probability
that he has a real or bona fide defence

22 Given that I have found that the claimant has established a prima facie
case for summary judgment, the tactical burden shifts to the defendant. In
order to obtain leave to defend, the defendant must establish that there is a
fair or reasonable probability that he has a real or bona fide defence (see
above at [17]). In this regard, the defendant raises a number of arguments. As
I have said above, the defendant’s primary argument is that the claimant’s and
Bryan’s intentions to purchase the Vantage Unit for themselves evince the true
nature of the Loan Agreement. Second, the defendant says that the claimant’s
conduct prior to the commencement of OC 406 (and subsequent to the purchase of
the Vantage Unit) has superseded the Loan Agreement in its entirety. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions for SUM 104 dated 10 April 2023 (“SUM 104
DWS”) at paras 84–101.

As Mr N Sreenivasan SC (“Mr Sreenivasan”), who appeared for the defendant,
explained at the hearing before me, such conduct, which includes the
defendant’s shipping of the Vantage Unit to HLK, should be construed as a
repayment of the loan under the Loan Agreement, if I were not with him on the
Loan Agreement not being what it is. Third, in SUM 104, the defendant
challenged for the first time in OC 406 that the Loan Agreement is not
authentic. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SUM 104 DWS at paras 44(b) and 45.

At the very least, the defendant had originally said in his Defence that he
does not recall executing the Loan Agreement.

23 In my judgment, the defendant has not shown that there is a fair or
reasonable probability that he has a real or bona fide defence.

The claimant did not intend to purchase a Vantage Unit for himself

24 First, as to the defendant’s argument about the claimant’s and Bryan’s
intentions to purchase a Vantage Unit for themselves, the defendant exhibited
email correspondence between his company, Korbett, and Macquarie Equipment
Trading (“Macquarie”), which purportedly shows that the claimant had such an
intention. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

LWC’s affidavit at paras 88–102.

The correspondence between Korbett and Macquarie is relevant because Macquarie
was the seller of the Vantage Unit. The defendant’s case is that the claimant
(or his associates) had “piggybacked” on his transaction to acquire a Vantage
Unit for himself, ie, the claimant. Therefore, the evidence shows that the
defendant was only invoiced for one Vantage Unit, as opposed to two.
Ultimately, the defendant submits that since the claimant’s intention to
purchase a Vantage Unit is a factual dispute, that impacts the true nature of
the Loan Agreement and this issue merits further examination at trial. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DWS at para 83.

25 I disagree with this argument. In the first place, the defendant’s
allegation that the claimant intended to purchase a Vantage Unit for himself
is contradicted by a document exhibited by the claimant, being an invoice from
Macquarie dated 1 June 2018 that invoiced Korbett for two Vantage Units. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

WP’s affidavit at paras 21–23 and pp 20–21.

The defendant attempts to counter this evidence by exhibiting what he has
termed the “Similar Macquarie Invoice” that also shows the prices for two
Vantage Units. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

LWC’s affidavit at para 92 and pp 1879–1883.

I understand the defendant to be saying that this shows that he continually
monitors the prices of Vantage Units, so it is no surprise that there would be
an invoice from Macquarie showing the price for two of such machines. However,
there is a crucial difference between the “Similar Macquarie Invoice” and the
document exhibited by the claimant – the “Similar Macquarie Invoice” is marked
as being a “Quotation”, whereas the document exhibited by the claimant is
marked as an “Invoice”. Thus, the document exhibited by the claimant does show
the defendant being invoiced for two Vantage Units. This effectively counters
the defendant’s argument that the claimant had intended to purchase one of the
Vantage Units by “piggybacking” on the transaction since, in that scenario,
the defendant would have been invoiced for only one Vantage Unit.

26 Moreover, even if the claimant had intended to “piggyback” on the
defendant’s purchase of Vantage Units by having the defendant own the two
units legally but hold one of them on trust for the claimant, this account
fails to explain the Loan Agreement. This is because the Loan Agreement
clearly obliges the defendant to repay the Equipment Sale Price to the
claimant. If the defendant were holding one of the Vantage Units on trust for
the claimant, then it is inexplicable why the defendant would owe the purchase
price of one unit to the claimant. Instead, the defendant would simply have
been obliged to transfer the legal title of the Vantage Unit concerned to the
claimant.

27 In any event, the defendant’s own evidence in this regard is inconsistent.
In his Defence, the defendant states that the claimant and Bryan apparently
“expressed interest to similarly acquire a Vantage Equipment Unit” “sometime
in August 2018”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defence at para 3(2)(2.4).

However, in his affidavit filed in SUM 104, the defendant alleged that
“[t]here was an oral discussion between [the defendant,] the [c]laimant and
Bryan, where they told [the defendant] that they wanted to purchase 1 Vantage
Tool [ie, what I have termed as “Vantage Unit”]”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

LWC’s affidavit at para 99.

Subsequent to this purported oral discussion, the defendant alleged that he
then “instructed Samuel [ie, the general manager of Korbett] to enquire on the
possibility of acquiring the two Vantage Units … Samuel did so on 31 May 2018”
[emphasis added]. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

LWC’s affidavit at para 100.

As can be seen, the defendant’s account in his Defence is that the claimant
expressed an interest in purchasing a Vantage Unit in August 2018. However,
this is contradicted by his affidavit where he said that he reached out to
Samuel in May 2018, in furtherance of the claimant’s supposed interest. In
fact, the defendant’s counsel admitted at the hearing of SUM 104 that the
defendant’s evidence was inconsistent in this regard. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Certified Transcript for HC/SUM 104/2023 dated 14 April 2023 at p 4 lines 5–7
and p 6 lines 5–7, 11–12, and 16–17.

In my view, this shows that the defendant’s account of events is unreliable.

There is nothing wrong with the claimant’s conduct subsequent to the Loan
Agreement

28 Second, as to the defendant’s argument about the claimant’s conduct prior
to the commencement of OC 406, this is really about the claimant’s conduct
subsequent to the Loan Agreement. In this regard, the defendant first says
that if the Loan Agreement was really a loan between the parties, then it is
inexplicable why the claimant remained silent for four years, since the
repayment was due before the claimant subsequently pursued a claim.

29 In my view, this is not a credible defence. In the first place, the
defendant is not alleging, nor has he particularised, that the parties had
entered into a subsequent contract which either varied or superseded the Loan
Agreement. At its highest, the defendant’s case is that there was an implied
contract that arose by virtue of the parties’ subsequent conduct and the
effect of this contract was to vary the Loan Agreement. Because of this
variation, the claimant cannot enforce the Loan Agreement. I disagree even on
this characterisation of the defendant’s case because it is well established
that contracts will not be lightly implied (see the High Court decision of
Higgins, Danial Patrick v Mulacek, Philippe Emanuel and others and another
suit [2016] 5 SLR 848 at [52], citing the Court of Appeal decision of Eng
Chiet Shoong and others v Cheong Soh Chin and others and another appeal [2016]
4 SLR 728 at [29]). Therefore, given the lack of any particularisation as to
how this implied contract was even formed, I do not think that the defendant
has established a triable issue. More broadly, the correct approach to take in
relation to the claimant’s silence for four years is that, subject to the
relevant limitation period, it is entirely up to a claimant whether he wishes
to pursue a claim. As such, I disagree that the mere fact that the claimant
here did not raise a claim for four years shows that the claimant did not
think that the Loan Agreement is a loan.

30 For completeness, I deal with two cases which the defendant raises in
support of his argument that the claimant’s silence after the Loan Agreement
ought to be given weighty consideration. The first of these is the High Court
decision of Thong Soon Seng v Magnus Energy Group Ltd [2023] SGHC 5 (“Thong
Soon Seng”), where Vinodh Coomaraswamy J considered the plaintiff’s conduct in
the run up to the litigation (at [33]). This was one of the learned judge’s
considerations in deciding that the sum of $4m that the plaintiff paid to the
defendant was not for the purpose of the alleged loans. However, Thong Soon
Seng can be easily distinguished because the alleged loan agreements were
orally made. Unlike the present case, there was no written contract in that
case. In those circumstances, it is entirely understandable why the High Court
attributed more weight to the parties’ conduct, including any inaction. In
stark contrast, the Loan Agreement here is written and bears the unmistakable
hallmarks of being a loan on its face. Similarly, the second case which the
defendant relies on, being the AD decision of Tan Chin Hock v Teo Cher Koon
and another and another appeal [2022] 2 SLR 314, was also based on an alleged
oral loan agreement. There is no need to repeat myself save to say that it is
entirely understandable why the AD placed greater weight on the respondent’s
long delay in filing his action (at [103]).

31 Moving on, the defendant also says that in March 2020, the claimant (or his
associates) had arranged for one of the Vantage Units to be shipped to HLK. In
support of this, Mr Sreenivasan referred me to, among other documents, a tax
invoice which Korbett issued to Apek on 19 March 2020 for the associated
shipping costs. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABOD”) at p 2086. See also ABOD at p 2079.

This was supposedly done pursuant to the claimant’s beneficial ownership of
the Vantage Unit. This is, therefore, so the defendant argues, consistent with
his narrative that the claimant had purchased one of the Vantage Units and had
transferred money to the defendant to do just that. The defendant also relies
on the claimant’s instructions as being an assertion of ownership over the
Vantage Unit concerned, which should be construed as the defendant repaying
the loan under the Loan Agreement.

32 However, I fail to see how this argument affects the characterisation of
the Loan Agreement. Even if the defendant is correct that the claimant had
intended to own one of the two Vantage Units, that still does not explain why
the parties had entered into the Loan Agreement which clearly provides for the
defendant to repay the claimant the Equipment Sale Price. While the defendant
may have other claims arising from this alleged transfer, I am not convinced
that the defendant has raised any real defence that is particular to the Loan
Agreement.

It is too late for the defendant to argue that the Loan Agreement is not
authentic

33 Third, as to the defendant’s argument below that the Loan Agreement is not
authentic, I agree with the claimant that the defendant has left it too late
to raise this challenge. However, to be fair to the defendant, this is not a
point that he is pressing in this appeal.

34 As the Court of Appeal held in Olivine Capital Pte Ltd and another v Chia
Chin Yan and another matter [2014] 2 SLR 1371 (at [42]–[43]), a defendant
cannot rely on a fresh defence that has not been pleaded in his defence to
resist summary judgment, unless the defence is amended or the case is an
exceptional one. To my mind, if the Loan Agreement was really forged, then the
defendant would surely have raised such an important matter in his Defence.
Indeed, it is important to emphasise that the defendant intentionally stated
in his Defence that he does not recall signing the Agreement. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

LWC’s affidavit at para 81.

This is deliberately framed. As the High Court held in Super Group Ltd v
Mysore Nagaraja Kartik [2019] 4 SLR 692 (at [117]), saying that one did not
sign a document is quite different from saying that one does not recall
signing a document. This is because the former disavows the signature
completely whereas the latter leaves open the possibility that the signature
is genuine but the signor has forgotten about it. In the present case, the
defendant’s careful framing in his Defence leaves open the possibility that he
had signed the Loan Agreement. The corollary of this is that the defendant
cannot dispute the authenticity of the Loan Agreement.

35 Further, even if I were to allow the defendant to amend his Defence to say
that the signature is forged (albeit he did not include this proposed
amendment in SUM 1463), I would also have concluded the same that he has not
shown a plausible defence. In this regard, the defendant says that his
signature on the Loan Agreement does not have the distinctive “circle” in his
real signature, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

LWC’s affidavit at para 82.

but the claimant has exhibited other documents indisputably bearing the
defendant’s signature that do not contain the “circle” as well. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

2nd Affidavit of Wang Piao dated 27 February 2023 at para 13 and pp 14–15.

Therefore, the lack of the “circle” in the defendant’s signature on the Loan
Agreement is not dispositive of the authenticity of his signature, let alone
the authenticity of the Loan Agreement.

Other defences do not raise triable issues

36 For completeness, I should also say that the Defence raises a number of
other miscellaneous points, which I do not think raises any real defence.
First, the defendant says that it is implausible that he would have agreed to
a repayment sum that is so much higher than the loan amount, especially given
the price of one Vantage Unit. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

LWC’s affidavit at paras 59–62.

However, it is clear that the courts do not refuse to enforce an agreement
just because it is uncommercial. Indeed, the courts will not usually inquire
into the commercial bearings of an agreement, and this case is no exception.

37 Second, the defendant complains that the claimant has not clarified the
provenance of the funds that the claimant disbursed to the defendant pursuant
to the Loan Agreement. However, even if this is a disputed fact, I cannot see
how it is relevant to the dispute at hand, which concerns the characterisation
and existence of the Loan Agreement between the parties.

38 I accordingly conclude that the defendant has not shown that there is a
fair or reasonable probability that he has a real or bona fide defence. In
essence, the defendant has not raised any real or bona fide defence against a
claim for moneys extended to him but which he has not repaid under a written
loan agreement.

Conclusion

39 For all these reasons, I dismiss the defendant’s appeal and affirm the
learned AR’s decision below. In closing, I record my thanks to Mr Sreenivasan
and Mr Edmund Kronenburg, for all their helpful submissions, which were always
advanced reasonably and fairly.

40 Unless the parties can agree on the costs for this appeal, as well as for
HC/SUM 1479/2023, they are to write in with their submissions on costs within
14 days of this decision, limited to seven pages each.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Kronenburg Edmund Jerome, Lim Yanqing Esther Candice, Tang Kai Qing and Chan
Yu Jie (Braddell Brothers LLP) for the claimant;  
Narayanan Sreenivasan SC, Jerrie Tan Qiu Lin and Partheban Pandiyan (K&L Gates
Straits Law LLC) (instructed), Thrumurgan s/o Ramapiram, Tan Lai Tian Timothy,
Mohamad Hasbu Haneef bin Abdul Malik and Lokman Hakim bin Mohamed Rafi
(Trident Law Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 03 Oct 2023 (18:16 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

