Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 16

District Court Appeal No 104 of 2022

Between

WIQ

… Appellant

And

WIP

… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law — Custody — Care and control]

[Family Law — Custody — Access]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WIQ

  
v

  

WIP

[2023] SGHCF 16

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 104 of 2022  
Choo Han Teck J  
28 February, 22 March 2023

27 March 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties were married on 7 July 2007 and have two children: [K], aged 14,
and [N], aged 11. They divorced in 2018. This appeal arises from the District
Judge’s (“DJ”) order in FC/SUM 963/2022 varying the care and control of the
two children. The order was made after the elder child, [K], expressed his
wish to live under the Respondent’s care and subsequently stayed with her
since March 2022. After reviewing the Custody Evaluation Report, the DJ
ordered:

(a) the Respondent (the “Mother”) shall have care and control of [K]; and

(b) the Appellant (the “Father”) shall have care and control of [N].

2 The DJ also made various access orders (the “additional access orders”):

(a) The Mother shall have overnight access with [N] on odd weekends of the
calendar month, from Friday 7.30pm to Sunday 9pm;

(b) The Father shall have overnight access with [K] on even weekends of the
calendar month, from Friday 7.30pm to Sunday 9pm;

(c) In the weeks that the Mother does not have overnight access with [N], she
will have access to him on Tuesday from 7pm to 9pm; and

(d) In the weeks that the Father does not have overnight access with [K], he
will have access to him on Wednesdays from 7pm to 9pm.

Those orders are in addition to the existing access arrangements between the
Parties. There were also consequential orders for each parent to separately
maintain the child under his or her respective care and control. I find no
reason to disturb these orders other than an adjustment to the additional
access orders.

3 In making her decision on care and control, the DJ found that as [K] had
expressed his desire to be under the care of the Mother, it would not be in
[K’s] best interests to compel him to return to the Father’s care. As to the
Father’s allegations that the Mother is not competent to look after [K], the
DJ found them to be unsubstantiated. On the other hand, the DJ was of the view
that [N], the younger child, requires greater supervision and coaching, which
the Father is better able to provide. It was suggested that [K] might bully
[N] when they are together, and the Mother was not always able to prevent the
bullying, but I find no basis for this fear after I had interviewed the
children. In any event, this is not a material point in the circumstances.

4 It is not usual for split care and control to be ordered. Keeping siblings
together should be the norm for the obvious reason that the anxieties arising
from their parental separation should not be increased by a further separation
of a sibling. Nonetheless, this is just one of many considerations, and the
weight to be given to it varies from case to case, each on its own facts: ABW
v ABV [2014] 2 SLR 769 (“ABW”) at [23] and [24]; IW v IX [2006] 1 SLR(R) 135
at [27].

5 I do not agree with the Father’s contention that the DJ had given too much
weight to K’s personal wishes. The DJ seemed to have considered the relevant
factors in this case. I am satisfied that her decision was correct: see CX v
CY (minor: custody and access) [2005] 3 SLR(R) 690 at [17].

6 The Father asserts that [K] chose to live with the Mother because she does
not discipline him nor track his activities. The DJ found that there was no
such evidence but on the contrary, the Mother appears to connect better K, and
provide him with emotional support. The court is not always the best forum to
resolve disputes stemming from differences in parenting choices or parenting
styles: WBU v WBT [2023] SGHCF 3 at [11]. The observation of Debbie Ong JAD in
that case was made in context of children maintenance, but it applies equally
to the circumstances in this case. The Father is, essentially, asking the
court to choose between his way of supervising and disciplining [K], against
(he asserts) the Mother’s more permissive parenting style. In any case, from
my interview of [K] on 15 March 2023, I am satisfied that [K] is sufficiently
mature, and he recognises the importance of discipline at this stage of his
adolescent growth. He does not seem pampered or ill-disciplined in the time
since living under the Mother’s care.

7 There is therefore no reason to disturb the DJ’s order on split care and
control. As to the access orders, under the DJ’s additional access orders,
both children would see each other approximately twice a week.

8 What was important was that although they are comfortable with the split
care, both children expressed a mutual desire to spend more time with each
other throughout the week. I interviewed them separately on 15 March and found
both to be sensible and mature in articulating their preferences. They
proposed a suitable arrangement to increase access time. Accordingly, I will
vary the additional access orders, as follows:

(a) The Mother shall have overnight access with [N] on odd weekends of the
calendar month, from Friday 7.30pm to Sunday 9pm;

(b) The Father shall have overnight access with [K] on even weekends of the
calendar month, from Friday 7.30pm to Sunday 9pm;

(c) In the weeks that the Mother does not have overnight access with [N], she
will have access to him on Tuesday from 7pm to 9pm and on Thursday from 7pm to
9pm; and

(d) In the weeks that the Father does not have overnight access with [K], he
will have access to him on Wednesdays from 7pm to 9pm and on Thursday from 7pm
to 9pm.

9 Other than the above variation, the appeal is dismissed. I will make no
order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Remya Aravamuthan (Remya A Law Practice) (instructed counsel) and Loh Ya Xin
(Yeo & Associates LLC) for appellant/husband  
Alain Abraham Johns and Emira Razak (Alain A Johns Partnership) for
respondent/wife

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Mar 2023 (13:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

