Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 342

Companies Winding Up No 108 of 2021 (Summons No 1680 of 2023)

In the matter of Part 7 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act
2018 (Act 40 of 2018)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Section 125 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd  
---  
  
Between

(1)| Bob Yap Cheng Ghee  
(in his capacity as the joint and several interim judicial manager of Envy
Asset Management Pte Ltd)  
---|---  
(2)| Toh Ai Ling(in her capacity as the joint and several interim judicial
manager of Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd)  
(3)| Wong Pheng Cheong Martin(in his capacity as the joint and several interim
judicial manager of Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd)  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Companies Winding Up No 109 of 2021 (Summons No 1679 of 2023)

In the matter of Part 7 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act
2018 (Act 40 of 2018)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Section 125 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Envy Management Holdings Pte Ltd  
---  
  
Between

(1)| Toh Ai Ling(in her capacity as the joint and several interim judicial
manager of Envy Management Holdings Pte Ltd)  
---|---  
(2)| Bob Yap Cheng Ghee(in his capacity as the joint and several interim
judicial manager of Envy Management Holdings Pte Ltd)  
(3)| Wong Pheng Cheong Martin(in his capacity as the joint and several interim
judicial manager of Envy Management Holdings Pte Ltd)  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Envy Management Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Companies Winding Up No 110 of 2021 (Summons No 1681 of 2023)

In the matter of Part 7 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act
2018 (Act 40 of 2018)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Section 125 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018 (Act 40 of 2018)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Envy Global Trading Pte Ltd  
---  
  
Between

(1)| Toh Ai Ling(in her capacity as the joint and several interim judicial
manager of Envy Global Trading Pte Ltd)  
---|---  
(2)| Bob Yap Cheng Ghee(in his capacity as the joint and several interim
judicial manager of Envy Global Trading Pte Ltd)  
(3)| Wong Pheng Cheong Martin(in his capacity as the joint and several interim
judicial manager of Envy Global Trading Pte Ltd)  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Envy Global Trading Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law — Administration of insolvent estates]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yap Cheng Ghee Bob (in his capacity as the joint and several interim judicial
manager of Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd) and others

  
v

  

Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd and other matters

[2023] SGHC 342

General Division of the High Court — Companies Winding Up Nos 108, 109 and 110
of 2021 (Summonses Nos 1679, 1680 and 1681 of 2023)  
Goh Yihan J  
30 October 2023

1 December 2023

Goh Yihan J:

1 The plaintiffs are the joint and several liquidators (the “Liquidators”) of
the defendants, Envy Asset Management Pte Ltd (“EAM”), Envy Global Trading Pte
Ltd (“EGT”), and Envy Management Holdings Pte Ltd (collectively, the “Envy
Companies”). The Liquidators brought the present applications to seek certain
directions from the court pursuant to s 145(3) of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “IRDA”).

2 In particular, the Liquidators sought the court’s approval to do the
following for the purposes of adjudication and/or entering into any compromise
or arrangement: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/SUM 1679/2023; HC/SUM 1680/2023; HC/SUM 1681/2023.

(a) The Liquidators may aggregate and consolidate all payments or part thereof
to an investor of the Envy Companies (“Investor”) and/or a nominated third
party thereof, in so far as such payments were for the account of the
Investor, which can be shown to the Liquidators’ satisfaction, and the
payments were:

(i) in the nature of profits arising from or referable to any purported
Letter(s) of Agreement (“LOAs”) and/or Receivables Purchase Agreement(s)
(“RPAs”); and/or

(ii) in the nature of payments of commissions, profit sharing, and/or referral
fees arising from or referable to any purported LOAs and/or RPAs.

(b) The aggregate of (a) shall be netted off against all and any other claims
arising from investment contracts which are not in the single name of the
aforesaid Investor that lie in the liquidation against the Envy Companies
and/or each of them, in so far as such claims arise from, are traceable to,
and/or are referable to monies originating from the aforesaid Investor, which
can be shown to the satisfaction of the Liquidators.

(c) The foregoing shall not preclude and shall be without prejudice to any
claims, arguments, and/or defences raised by the Liquidators, Envy Companies,
former employees, creditors, and/or Investors, in respect of existing or
future proceedings, in so far as such claims or proceedings relate to
commissions, referral fees, profit-sharing, or profits on LOAs and/or RPAs.

(d) Paragraphs (a)–(b) shall be subject to the following conditions:

(i) all relevant parties agree to the consolidation and netting-off; and

(ii) any other conditions which the Liquidators may deem appropriate to impose
in their discretion to ensure that the Envy Companies and/or their other
creditors are not prejudiced.

For convenience, I will refer to the above as the “Proposed Consolidation”.

3 At the end of the hearing before me, I granted the directions which the
Liquidators sought. I now provide these grounds to explain my reasons,
especially in relation to the application of s 145(3) of the IRDA.

Background facts

4 I begin with the background, as framed by the Liquidators, to the present
applications. I emphasise that my citation of the background facts is
restricted to the purposes of the present applications only.

The Envy Companies’ purported business of nickel trading

5 From around January 2016 to around April 2020, EAM purported to purchase
quantities of London Metal Exchange (“LME”) Nickel Grade Metal (“Poseidon
Nickel”) from an Australian company, Poseidon Nickel Limited. In particular,
EAM purported to have purchased Poseidon Nickel at a 16% to 25% discount
compared to the average of the LME nickel official daily cash settlement
prices for the month prior to the month when shipment was scheduled. EAM then
purported to sell Poseidon Nickel to third party buyers at a higher price.

6 By virtue of the above purported arrangements, Investors stood to earn a cut
of the profit by entering into a LOA with EAM. Under the terms of the LOA,
each Investor would pay an investment amount to EAM to be used “solely for
investment in LME Nickel Grade Metal” or “solely for investment in LME Grade
Nickel Concentrates” for a three-month period. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

6th Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee dated 6 June 2023 (“BYCG’s 6th Affidavit”)
at para 2.1.2(c).

However, in certain cases, Investors could commit to multiple, consecutive
three-month tranches upfront. Upon the maturity date of the LOA, the Investor
would be entitled to a return of the “Investment Amount”, which is the
Investor’s original principal amount plus any “Appreciation, net of any
Commission, Shipping and Insurance costs and Hedging costs”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

BYCG’s 6th Affidavit at para 2.1.2(d)(ii).

Investors could then decide whether to fully or partially withdraw their
returns or reinvest their returns under a new LOA.

The transfer of business from EAM to EGT

7 On 19 March 2020, the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) placed EAM on
its Investor Alert List. MAS did this to “highlight that EAM may have been
wrongly perceived as being licensed by MAS”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

BYCG’s 6th Affidavit at para 2.1.3.

According to a statement that MAS released at the material time, it had
“received public feedback that EAM had told [Investors] that it was in the
process of applying for a license from MAS, when in fact no such application
had been submitted”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

BYCG’s 6th Affidavit at para 2.1.3.

8 Following the actions taken by MAS, the Envy Companies were restructured.
From around April 2020, EAM’s business of purported nickel trading was
transferred to EGT. Thereafter, Investors who invested in the purported nickel
trading did so by way of RPAs instead of LOAs. Under the terms of the RPAs,
the Investor would directly purchase a proportion of the receivables that EGT
was purportedly entitled to receive under a Forward Contract with a third-
party buyer at a certain “Sale Price”. The Investor would profit from the
difference between the “Sale Price” and the proportion of the receivables that
the Investor is entitled to. In addition, Investors had to be accredited
investors (“AI”) as defined in the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Rev
Ed) before they could continue investing in the purported nickel trading.

9 However, since not all of the Investors qualified as an AI, several
Investors reinvested purported returns from their LOAs/RPAs through accounts
other than their personal investment accounts with the Envy Companies. These
primarily took place through: (a) the investment account of a third-party AI;
and/or (b) a joint account with another Investor (“Joint Account”). Some of
the Investors would reinvest their purported returns by means other than their
personal investment accounts (with the Envy Companies) through other third
parties such as family members, and may claim beneficial interest over those
investments.

The winding up of the Envy Companies

10 On 22 March 2021, the Commercial Affairs Department announced that it had
preferred charges against the Envy Companies’ key person, Mr Ng Yu Zhi
(“NYZ”), for cheating and fraudulent trading. On 15 April 2021, the Envy
Companies filed applications to place themselves under judicial management.
Interim judicial managers (“IJMs”) were appointed over the Envy Companies on
27 April 2021. The IJMs were tasked with, among other things, preparing a
report on the financial position of the Envy Companies, along with their views
on the prospects of the objectives of judicial management being achieved.

11 On 25 May 2021, the IJMs issued the Interim Judicial Managers’ Report (the
“Interim Report”). The IJMs found that “the Companies’ [p]urported [n]ickel
[t]rading was non-existent, and documents presented to [them] in support of
the [p]urported [n]ickel [t]rading were forgeries”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Applicant’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, at p 138; Interim Judicial Managers’
Report dated 25 May 2021 at para 5.8.1.

The IJMs therefore concluded that “none of the purposes of a judicial
management as set out in section 89(1) of the IRDA can be achieved”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Applicant’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, at p 139; Interim Judicial Managers’
Report dated 25 May 2021 at para 6.1.1.

This was not only because the purported nickel trading was non-existent, but
because the Envy Companies did not undertake in any other meaningful business.
Moreover, the Envy Companies’ known assets were grossly insufficient to meet
the potential claims of the Envy Companies’ creditors.

12 On 2 July 2021, the IJMs issued the Update to the Interim Report (the
“Update”). The IJMs then applied on the same day to wind up the Envy Companies
since there was no meaningful business to rehabilitate. On 16 August 2021, a
winding up order was made against each of the Envy Companies.

Events leading to the present applications

13 In the Update, the IJMs identified claims against certain Investors (the
“Overwithdrawn Investors”) for: (a) referral fees paid by the Envy Companies;
and/or (b) the Overwithdrawn Sums, as a potential avenue of recovery for the
Envy Companies. By way of letters of demand dated between September 2022 and
February 2023, the Liquidators wrote to the Overwithdrawn Investors to demand
the return of the Overwithdrawn Sums. One hundred of the Overwithdrawn
Investors responded to claim that they reinvested part of, or the entirety of,
their referral fees and/or Overwithdrawn Sums in the Envy Companies through a
third party’s account and/or a Joint Account.

14 On 26 September 2022, the Liquidators filed various applications to seek
the court’s approval of the Liquidators’ use of the “running account” approach
to adjudicate on the Investors’ proofs of debts. During the hearings of those
applications in November 2022, the Liquidators were asked how they would treat
the sums reinvested by the Overwithdrawn Investors. The Liquidators responded
that they would allow the Overwithdrawn Investors to consolidate and net-off
the sums reinvested. However, the Liquidators would seek the approval of the
Committee of Inspection (“COI”) or the court for such an approach after they
had verified the sums reinvested by the Overwithdrawn Investors.

15 On 7 February 2023, a single COI over the Envy Companies was constituted.
On 21 February 2023, the COI gave its in-principle approval of the Proposed
Consolidation. However, the COI’s approval was subject to the court’s approval
of the Proposed Consolidation in the present applications. In addition, any
and all agreements between the Liquidators and the relevant individuals as a
consequence of the application of the Proposed Consolidation shall be
presented to the COI and will ultimately be subject to the COI’s approval.

16 It was against these background facts that the Liquidators made the present
applications. Once again, I emphasise that these are the facts as framed by
the Liquidators and can have no bearing on other related proceedings.

The relevant issues

17 In my view, there were two issues for my determination. The first was
whether the Liquidators could even rely on s 145(3) of the IRDA. The second
related but ultimately distinct question was, if the Liquidators could rely on
s 145(3), whether the court should make the directions sought by the
Liquidators. In the end, I decided both questions in the Liquidators’ favour
and made the directions sought by the Liquidators.

Whether the Liquidators could rely on s 145(3) of the IRDA

18 As mentioned above, in considering the present applications, I began with a
threshold question: could the Liquidators rely on s 145(3) of the IRDA to
bring these applications in the first place?

The applicable principles

19 In this regard, s 145(3) of the IRDA provides as follows:

Exercise and control of liquidator’s powers

…

(3) The liquidator may apply to the Court for directions in relation to any
particular matter arising under the winding up.

Section 145(3) is framed identically to its predecessor, s 273(3) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “CA”).

20 However, the local decisions on s 145(3) of the IRDA and its predecessor
have primarily addressed only discrete questions of law and/or facts. For
instance, in the High Court decision of Solvadis Commodity Chemicals Gmbh v
Affert Resources Pte Ltd [2018] 5 SLR 1337, the court’s decision regarding an
application under s 273(3) of the CA was limited to the issue of whether the
liquidator may sell certain of the company’s properties and things in action
pursuant to s 272(2)(c) of the CA. As such, in the absence of directly binding
or relevant local authority, I agreed with the Liquidators that it was proper
to refer to relevant foreign decisions on the ambit of the court’s powers
under s 145(3) of the IRDA.

21 I begin with the relevant New South Wales legislation. Section 379(3) of
the Companies (NSW) Code (the “Code”), which is framed identically to s 145(3)
of the IRDA, provides that “[t]he liquidator may apply to the [c]ourt for
directions in relation to any particular matter arising under the winding up”.
In the New South Wales Supreme Court decision of Sanderson v Classic Car
Insurances Pty Ltd (1985) 10 ACLR 115, Young J provided helpful guidance on
when a court can properly exercise its power under s 379(3) of the Code. The
learned judge began by stating that while s 379(3) was expressed widely, it
“does not permit the liquidator or a provisional liquidator to come to the
court whenever he feels some unease about a situation and wishes to obtain
some sort of insurance against the possibility of error, as well as assurance
that he is on the right track” (at 116). He explained further that because the
court does not usually consider it proper to intervene and make the
liquidator’s commercial decisions for him, it will only exercise its power
under s 379(3) “where the matter involves guidance to the liquidator on
matters of law or principle or to protect him against accusations of acting
unreasonably” (at 117).

22 As such, in the Australian cases at least, the court’s exercise of its
powers under s 379(3) of the Code are largely confined to the following four
classes of cases: (a) guidance to the liquidator on matters of law; (b)
questions involving legal procedure (such as whether a liquidator should
settle curial proceedings); (c) whether a liquidator should act on his
commercial judgment to postpone a sale because he recognises his legal duty
ordinarily requires him to reduce the company’s assets into cash as soon as
possible and to distribute; or (d) where there are two or more competing
purchasers for the company’s property and the liquidator can see that it may
be alleged that he has acted mala fide or in an absurd or unreasonable or
illegal way. Included within these four classes of cases is the situation
where the liquidator’s decision-making may be subject to criticism and is
likely to be contested. This will especially be the case if the liquidator’s
decision involves a balancing of the creditors’ competing interests (see the
New South Wales Supreme Court decision of In the matter of AE&E Australia Pty
Ltd (in liquidation) [2017] NSWSC 950).

23 In the New South Wales Supreme Court decision of Re MF Global Australia Ltd
(in liq) [2012] NSWSC 994 (“Re MF Global”), Black J helpfully summarised the
applicable principles in relation to the court’s power to give directions
under s 479(3) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the “Corporations Act
2001”), which is the equivalent of s 379(3) of the Code, in the following
terms (at [7]):

Section 479(3) of the Corporations Act allows a liquidator to apply to the
court for directions in relation to a matter arising under a winding up. The
function of a liquidator’s application for directions under this section is to
give the liquidator advice as to the proper course of action for him or her to
take in the liquidation: Sanderson v Classic Car Insurances Pty Ltd (1985) 10
ACLR 115 at 117; (1986) 4 ACLC 114; Re Ansett Australia Ltd (admins apptd) and
Korda [2002] FCA 90; (2002) 115 FCR 409; 40 ACSR 433 at [46]. The court may
give directions that provide guidance on matters of law and the reasonableness
of a contemplated exercise of discretion but will typically not do so where a
matter relates to the making and implementation of a business or commercial
decision, where no particular legal issue is raised and there is no attack on
the propriety or reasonableness of the decision: Sanderson v Classic Car
Insurances Pty Ltd above at 117; Re GB Nathan & Co Pty Ltd (in liq) (1991) 24
NSWLR 674 at 686-7; 5 ACSR 673; 9 ACLC 1291; Re Ansett Australia Ltd above at
[65]; Re One.Tel Networks Holdings Pty Ltd [2001] NSWSC 1065; (2001) 40 ACSR
83 at [32] …

Again, framed identically to s 379(3) of the Code and s 145(3) of the IRDA, s
479(3) of the Corporations Act 2001 provides that “[t]he liquidator may apply
to the Court for directions in relation to any particular matter arising under
the winding up”. Section 479(3) has been repealed by s 151 of Schedule 2 to
the Insolvency Law Reform Act 2016 (No 11 of 2016) (Cth).

24 In addition, it should also be noted that whereas s 145(3) of the IRDA
governs court-ordered winding up applications, there is the similarly framed s
181(1)(a) of the IRDA, which governs voluntary winding up applications.
Section 181 provides as follows:

Application to Court to have questions determined or powers exercised

181.—(1) The liquidator or any creditor or contributory may apply to the Court
—

(a) to determine any question arising in the winding up of a company; or

…

(2) The Court, if satisfied that the determination of the question … is just
and beneficial, may —

(a) accede wholly or partially to any such application on such terms and
conditions as the Court thinks fit; or

(b) make such other order on the application as the Court thinks just.

25 Section 181 differs from s 145(3) in that the former posits an additional
requirement that the court must be satisfied that the determination of the
question is “just and beneficial”. The equivalent in the Corporations Act 2001
is s 511, which provides as follows:

(1) The liquidator, or any contributory or creditor, may apply to the Court:

(a) to determine any question arising in the winding up of a company; or

(b) to exercise all or any of the powers that the Court might exercise if the
company were being wound up by the Court.

(1A) APRA may apply to the Court under subsection (1) in relation to a company
that is a friendly society within the meaning of the Life Insurance Act 1995
and which may be wound up voluntarily under subsection 180(2) of that Act.

(2) The Court, if satisfied that the determination of the question or the
exercise of power will be just and beneficial, may accede wholly or partially
to any such application on such terms and conditions as it thinks fit or may
make such other order on the application as it thinks just.

For completeness, I note that s 511 has been repealed by s 170 of Schedule 2
to the Insolvency Law Reform Act 2016 (No 11 of 2016) (Cth).

26 In this regard, it is helpful to note that Black J had observed in Re MF
Global in relation to s 511 of the Corporations Act 2001 (at [8]):

Section 511 of the Corporations Act provides an alternative source of power to
give such a direction and the Liquidators also rely on that section. The
principles applicable to an application under that section were recently
reviewed by Ward J in Re Purchas (as liquidator of Astarra Asset Management
Pty Ltd (in liq)) [2011] NSWSC 91 … Applications made under this section in a
voluntary winding up are determined in a similar manner to applications in a
court ordered winding up under s 479(3) of the Corporations Act
notwithstanding that section does not expressly require that it be “just and
beneficial” to give the relevant direction. The court may give such a
direction where it will be “of advantage in the liquidation”: Dean-Willcocks v
Soluble Solution Hydroponics Pty Ltd (1997) 42 NSWLR 209 at 212; Handberg (in
his capacity as liquidator of S&D International Pty Ltd) v MIG Property
Services Pty Ltd [2010] VSC 336; (2010) 79 ACSR 373 at [7]. The effect of a
determination under the section is to sanction a course of conduct on the part
of the liquidator so that he or she may adopt that course free from the risk
of personal liability for breach of duty: S&D International at [7].

27 From the foregoing, it appears that the statutory requirements that must be
satisfied in a liquidator’s application for directions from the court differs
depending on whether it is a court-ordered winding up or a voluntary winding
up. The chief difference lies in the court’s determination of whether it is
“just and beneficial” to make the direction. Notwithstanding these
differences, the courts have interpreted both provisions similarly. Indeed,
Young J recognised as such in the New South Wales Supreme Court decision of
Dean-Willcocks v Soluble Solution Hydroponics Pty Ltd (1997) 24 ACSR 79 (at
81):

There is a real difference between a court appointed liquidator and a
liquidator appointed in a voluntary winding up. In the former case the
liquidator is an officer of the court and the court is at liberty to give him
directions accordingly or may utilise the statutory power under s 479. With a
voluntary winding up, the liquidator is not an officer of the court but is the
agent of the company. Thus, in Re Reid Murray Holdings Ltd (in liq) [1969] VR
315 at 318, Adam J pointed out that the court has an inherent or implied
jurisdiction on an application by its own officer to assist him. This does not
apply to a voluntary liquidator.

However, it bears emphasising that the learned judge qualified this by
observing that “although a voluntary liquidator does not have the same access
to the court through s 479, he has access through s 511 and the authorities
tend to suggest that the court has the same jurisdiction under both sections”
(at 81).

28 Similarly, in the New South Wales Supreme Court decision of In the matter
of Octaviar Limited (in liq) and Octaviar Administration Pty Ltd (in liq)
[2017] NSWSC 1005 (“Re Octaviar Limited”), Black J concluded that the court’s
powers to give directions under ss 479(3) and 511 of the Corporations Act 2001
(at [8]) “are of substantially the same character and are intended to
facilitate the performance of a liquidator’s functions”. As such, the learned
judge opined (at [8]) that these provisions “should be interpreted widely to
give effect to that intention”, especially when “it is advantageous to the
liquidation to do so”.

29 Further reasons in support of treating applications by liquidators for
directions from the court identically were expounded on by Warren CJ in the
Victoria Supreme Court decision of Hanberg (in his capacity as liquidator of S
& D International Pty Ltd) (in liq) and another v MIG Property Services Pty
Ltd and others (2010) 79 ACSR 373 (at 378–379):

(a) First, the qualification that the direction must be “just and beneficial”
in the context of a voluntary winding up is one of purpose and not one of
scope. Therefore, the powers of the court to make directions in a voluntary
winding up application cannot be characterised as more or less limited than
the powers of the court to make directions in a court-ordered winding up
application.

(b) Second, based on the legislative history of Australian and the UK
insolvency legislation, no essential distinction was intended to be made
between voluntary and court-ordered windings up when the court was directing
liquidators as to what actions they should take. The qualification that the
direction must be “just and beneficial” in the context of voluntary windings
up was aimed at reducing the work of the court in voluntary windings up to the
minimum supervision necessary to ensure that such windings up were conducted
properly and fairly, as if they had been conducted by the court.

30 I respectfully think that these principles should likewise apply in
Singapore. First, the court’s powers under s 145(3) of the IRDA can be invoked
where, among other things, the liquidator’s decision-making may be subject to
criticism and is likely to be contested. Second, ss 145(3) and 181 of the
IRDA, while not framed identically, should be interpreted in the same manner
so as to give effect to the broad legislative intention of allowing the
liquidation an opportunity to proceed advantageously.

My decision: the Liquidators could rely on s 145(3) of the IRDA

31 Having had regard to the applicable principles, I concluded that the
Liquidators could rely on s 145(3) of the IRDA. I was satisfied that the
present applications involved potentially controversial issues of law and
principle. Indeed, the Liquidators’ views on these issues, and their proposed
course of action in the form of the Proposed Consolidation, may be subject to
criticism by opposing creditors. As such, I decided that the Liquidators could
rely on s 145(3). However, whether I should grant the specific directions
sought was a different question, to which I now turn.

Whether the directions sought should be made

The applicable principles

32 To begin with, I highlight again that there are two distinct requirements
involved in an application under s 145(3) of the IRDA. First, there is the
threshold question of whether a liquidator may apply to the court for
directions. Second, the court must also be satisfied that the directions
sought should be granted. These requirements should not be conflated: while
the former goes to a question of the nature of the direction sought, the
latter concerns the court’s assessment of whether it benefits the liquidation
to grant the direction.

33 In considering whether the directions sought under s 145(3) of the IRDA
should be granted, I considered Black J’s observations in Re Octaviar Limited
to be helpful. The learned judge had opined (at [8]) that a court can make the
directions sought “where it is advantageous to the liquidation to do so”. In
deciding this, a court should be satisfied that the directions sought are
proper and reasonable, which can be ascertained by considering, among other
things, the liquidator’s reasons, and the process by which the directions had
been formulated.

34 Further, as Pritchard J helpfully observed in the Western Australia Supreme
Court decision of Re Great Southern Managers Australia Ltd (in liq) [2014]
WASC 312 (at [63]), this determination will “necessarily involve a broad
consideration of matters” in the overall context of the liquidation, which
include: (a) the nature of the proposed course of action about which the
direction is sought; (b) the circumstances relevant to that proposed course of
action; (c) the reasons for and consequences of that proposed course of
action, including the liquidator’s commercial judgment; and (d) in cases
involving the determination of a legal issue relevant to that decision, the
principles relevant to the determination of that issue.

35 As mentioned above at [23] and [25], ss 479(3) and 511 of the Corporations
Act 2001 have been repealed. Their replacement is s 90-15 of the Insolvency
Practice Schedule (Corporations) (“IPS”) of Schedule 2 to the Corporations Act
2001, which I set out for completeness:

90-15 Court may make orders in relation to external administration

Court may make orders

(1) The Court may make such orders as it thinks fit in relation to the
external administration of a company.

Orders on own initiative or on application

(2) The Court may exercise the power under subsection (1):

(a) on its own initiative, during proceedings before the Court; or

(b) on application under section 90- 20.

Examples of orders that may be made

(3) Without limiting subsection (1), those orders may include any one or more
of the following:

(a) an order determining any question arising in the external administration
of the company;

(b) an order that a person cease to be the external administrator of the
company;

(c) an order that another registered liquidator be appointed as the external
administrator of the company;

(d) an order in relation to the costs of an action (including court action)
taken by the external administrator of the company or another person in
relation to the external administration of the company;

(e) an order in relation to any loss that the company has sustained because of
a breach of duty by the external administrator;

(f) an order in relation to remuneration, including an order requiring a
person to repay to a company, or the creditors of a company, remuneration paid
to the person as external administrator of the company.

Matters that may be taken into account

(4) Without limiting the matters which the Court may take into account when
making orders, the Court may take into account:

(a) whether the liquidator has faithfully performed, or is faithfully
performing, the liquidator’s duties; and

(b) whether an action or failure to act by the liquidator is in compliance
with this Act and the Insolvency Practice Rules; and

(c) whether an action or failure to act by the liquidator is in compliance
with an order of the Court; and

(d) whether the company or any other person has suffered, or is likely to
suffer, loss or damage because of an action or failure to act by the
liquidator; and

(e) the seriousness of the consequences of any action or failure to act by the
liquidator, including the effect of that action or failure to act on public
confidence in registered liquidators as a group.

…

My decision: the directions sought should be made

36 Having regard to the applicable principles, I concluded that the directions
sought by the Liquidators should be made.

37 First, I accepted the Liquidators’ explanation that the Proposed
Consolidation does not benefit one group of creditors over another by
contravening the pari passu principle. This is because the Proposed
Consolidation is merely an extension of the “running account” approach, which
the Liquidators have consistently applied to claims against and by all of the
Investors to determine each Investor’s true outstanding claim. By the running
account approach, the Liquidators would treat all dollars in and out of the
Envy Companies as attributable to an Investor as part of a single “running
account” for that Investor. This would apply whether the moneys in or out of
the Envy Companies were accounted for in the Investor’s personal account or an
Investor’s investment through a third-party AI, a Joint Account, or through
other third parties such as family members. As such, the Proposed
Consolidation would simply lay bare the true outstanding claim of an
Overwithdrawn Investor. Rather than being a contravention of the pari passu
principle, the Proposed Consolidation would allow the Liquidators to determine
the true claims of the Investors and give effect to that principle in the
specific circumstances of the Envy Companies.

38 Second, the Proposed Consolidation is in the best interests of the estate
of the Envy Companies and the general body of creditors. Subject to further
agreement, the Proposed Consolidation would allow the Liquidators to
compromise claims by the Envy Companies against certain Overwithdrawn
Investors, and avoid significant time and costs involved in commencing
separate proceedings against them. The Proposed Consolidation would also allow
the Liquidators more certainty in the adjudication process and allow the
Liquidators to determine the total liabilities more accurately and/or claims
of the Envy Companies.

39 Third, the COI and the investors’ working group comprising 108 Investors
are in support of the Proposed Consolidation. There was also no objection to
the Proposed Consolidation from any creditor at the hearing of the present
applications. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

BYCG’s 6th Affidavit at paras 3.4.1 and 3.4.2.

40 Fourth, the present applications do not prejudice ongoing legal
proceedings. This was made clear in para 1(c) of the summonses.

41 Finally, while the Liquidators stated that the eventual compromises or
arrangements that result from the implementation of the Proposed Consolidation
would “in principle” receive the court’s approval pursuant to ss 144(1)(c) and
144(1)(d) of the IRDA, they also reiterated that they were not seeking such
approval in these applications. As such, despite the Liquidators making rather
detailed submissions on this matter, I did not see why it was appropriate or
necessary for the court to consider the likelihood of such a compromise or
arrangement passing muster at this stage. I therefore emphasise that nothing
in these grounds should be taken as making any observations on such
compromises or arrangements. These applications had nothing to do with the
validity of any such compromises or arrangements.

Conclusion

42 For all of these reasons, I made the directions sought in these
applications.

Goh Yihan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Chan Ming Onn David, Fong Zhiwei Daryl, Lin Ruizi, Yong Ying Jie Denise and
Tan Wei Sze (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the applicants;  
The defendants absent and unrepresented;

Toh Yong Xiang (WongPartnership LLP) for the non-party (watching brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 01 Dec 2023 (12:02 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

