Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 305

Originating Summons No 544 of 2019 (Registrar’s Appeal No 201 of 2023)

In the matter of Section 329 of the Companies Act (Cap. 50)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Section 98 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap. 20)  
---  
  
Between

| Affert Resources Pte Ltd (In Court Compulsory Winding Up)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Industries Chimiques du Senegal  
---|---  
(2)| Indorama Holdings BV  
  
… Respondents

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Extension of time — Prejudice that cannot be compensated by
costs]

[Civil Procedure — Affidavits]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Affert Resources Pte Ltd (in compulsory winding up)

  
v

  
Industries

Chimiques du Senegal and another

[2023] SGHC 305

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 544 of 2019
(Registrar’s Appeal No 201 of 2023)  
Goh Yihan J  
4 October 2023

26 October 2023

Goh Yihan J:

1 This was an appeal by the applicant (the “appellant”) against the following
parts of the decision of the learned Assistant Registrar (the “learned AR”) in
HC/SUM 2881/2023 (“SUM 2881”) below: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Certified Transcript for HC/SUM 2881/2023 dated 21 September 2023 (“Certified
Transcript for SUM 2881”) at p 3 line 9 and p 3 line 29 to p 4 line 17.

(a) that the appellant be granted an extension of time until 6pm on 25
September 2023 to file its expert affidavit on foreign law, failing which no
expert affidavit is to be filed;

(b) that the 12th Affidavit of Abuthahir s/o Abdul Gafoor (“Mr Abuthahir”)
filed by the appellant on 20 September 2023 be struck out; and

(c) that the appellant pay to the respondents costs of $1,500 (all-in).

2 After hearing the parties on 4 October 2023, I granted the appellant a final
extension of time until 7 October 2023 to file its expert affidavit, provided
that it undertook to tender the final but unnotarised version of the affidavit
to the respondents by 5 October 2023. I, however, dismissed the appellant’s
appeal in relation to the striking out of the 12th Affidavit of Mr Abuthahir.

3 Because I had asked the parties to tender additional submissions on the
issue of extension of time, I provide these grounds of decision to examine the
oft-cited principle that an extension of time should generally be granted
“unless the other party has been made to suffer prejudice which cannot be
compensated for by an appropriate order as to costs” (see, eg, the Court of
Appeal decision of The “Tokai Maru” [1998] 2 SLR(R) 646 (“The ‘Tokai Maru’”)
at [23]). In my respectful view, the expression “prejudice that cannot be
compensated by costs” should not be bandied around by litigants, as the
appellant did in this appeal, because a meaningful analysis must still be
undertaken as to whether an extension of time should be granted. Indeed,
almost anything, save for those most valuable to us as human beings, can be
compensated by money and, by extension, an appropriate costs order. There is
therefore limited utility in framing the appropriate test primarily in terms
of whether the other party has suffered a prejudice that cannot be compensated
by costs. Instead, as a long line of cases has established, the focus of the
appropriate test should be to strike a balance between the parties’ interests,
bearing in mind: (a) a party’s interest to have its case determined on the
substantive merits; (b) the counterparty’s interest to have the matter
resolved as expeditiously as possible; and (c) the court’s interest in
maintaining the due administration of civil justice.

The background facts

4 I begin with the background facts. The appellant, Affert Resources Pte Ltd
(“Affert”), is a company in liquidation. Between May 2012 and June 2013, the
appellant and the first respondent, Industries Chimiques du Senegal (“ICS”),
entered into six contracts for ICS’s purchase of sulphur from Affert. The
total amount unpaid on those contracts was US$17,007,263.60 (the “ICS Debt”).
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Respondents’ Written Submissions dated 29 September 2023 (“RWS”) at paras 6–7.

5 On 20 August 2014, the second respondent, Indorama Holdings BV (“IHBV”),
bought 66% of the shares in ICS from Senfer Africa Limited (“Senfer”). By way
of context, Affert, ICS, and Senfer were part of the Archean Group of
Companies (the “Archean Group”) that was based in India. The remaining 34% of
the shares in ICS was held by the State of Senegal, the Government of India,
and the Indian Farmers Fertilisers Cooperative Ltd. Further, ICS had a
negative net worth of about US$137m and had defaulted on most of its loans. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

RWS at para 8.

6 By the terms of the deal that IHBV had agreed to with the Archean Group,
IHBV was to inject US$50m to entities in the Archean Group and their
creditors. The funds would be used for: (a) the purchase of Senfer’s 66% stake
in ICS; and (b) the full and final settlement of all related party debts that
ICS owed to the Archean Group entities, which included Affert. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

RWS at para 9.

Crucially, IHBV had purchased Senfer’s shares in ICS on the understanding that
ICS’s related party outstandings would be settled as part of the acquisition.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

RWS at para 10.

To this end, IHBV, Senfer, Archean Industries Private Limited, and Indorama
Corporation executed a Side Letter on 20 August 2014. The Side Letter provided
that “[IHBV] shall cause [ICS] to pay to Senfer’s bank account or to its order
a sum of nine million United States Dollar (USD 9,000,000) as full and final
one time settlement of all related parties outstandings (including loans if
any) as on 30th June 2014 in ICS … provided all the relevant related parties
send the required confirmations to this effect to ICS”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

RWS at para 10; 1st Affidavit of Alassane Diallo dated 11 July 2019 at p 79.

7 Subsequently, Affert stated in a letter dated 7 October 2014 and addressed
to ICS (the “Letter”) that: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

RWS at para 11; 1st Affidavit of Abuthahir s/o Abdul Gafoor dated 24 April
2019 at p 156.

As per the books of Accounts of ICS USD 17,277,886 is due to [Affert] as on
17th September 2014. We confirm that we will not claim this amount as per our
understanding.

We hereby confirm that we will not in future dispute or make any claim on ICS
or its subsidiaries for any sort of dues to [Affert].

After receiving this confirmation, as well as confirmations from other Archean
Group entities to the effect that ICS’s related parties outstandings had been
settled, ICS made payment to Senfer’s order pursuant to the Side Letter. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

RWS at para 11.

8 On 8 February 2017, Affert was placed in creditors’ voluntary winding up.
Subsequently, on 18 September 2017, Affert was compulsorily wound up. Mr
Abuthahir was appointed as its liquidator. Then, on 18 July 2018, Affert
commenced HC/S 724/2018 (“Suit 724”) against ICS. Affert was eventually
substituted as the appellant in this action by its assignee in bankruptcy,
Recovery Vehicle No 1 (“RV1”). This was done to pursue the ICS Debt.
Relatedly, on 24 April 2019, Affert filed the underlying application to this
appeal, HC/OS 544/2019 (“OS 544”). In OS 544, Affert seeks an order that its
confirmation to ICS, as recorded in the Letter, that it would not be claiming
the amount of US$17,277,886 from ICS, was a transaction at an undervalue and
should be set aside. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

RWS at paras 12–14.

9 Subsequently, RV1 was not able to pursue Suit 724. This is because the Court
of Appeal had found in CA/CA 31/2020 and CA/CA 32/2020 that, among other
findings, Affert’s claim for the ICS Debt is governed by Senegalese law and is
time-barred. In the circumstances, Affert amended its claim in OS 544 to join
IHBV as a respondent and to seek payment orders against both ICS and IHBV. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

RWS at paras 15–16.

Procedural history leading to the present appeal

10 Against the background facts above, on 6 October 2022, the respondents
filed and served their reply affidavits for OS 544. One of the reply
affidavits is the 3rd Affidavit of Khaled Abou El Houda, which exhibits an
expert opinion that deals with the issue of when the ICS Debt had become time-
barred under Senegalese law. By way of a letter dated 1 August 2023, the
appellant sought leave to file further affidavits in OS 544 to address, among
other issues, the time-bar issue. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

RWS at paras 17–19; Respondents’ Bundle of Documents dated 29 September 2023
(“RBOD”) Vol 2 at Tab 5 pp 5–8.

11 Later, at a pre-trial conference (“PTC”) on 3 August 2023, the learned AR
directed as follows:

(a) the appellant was to file its further affidavit by 28 August 2023;

(b) the respondents were to file their reply affidavit by 25 September 2023;
and

(c) by the next PTC on 31 August 2023, the appellant must have filed its
further affidavit, and the parties will discuss hearing dates for OS 544.

12 On 30 August 2023, the appellant informed the respondents that it intended
to file an expert affidavit on Senegalese law and would do so by 21 September
2023. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

RBOD Vol 2 at Tabs 6 and 7 pp 9–13.

At the PTC on 31 August 2023, the learned AR granted the appellant an
extension of time until 14 September 2023 to do so. On 11 September 2023, the
parties informed the court of common available hearing dates for OS 544 in
late November 2023, as well as in February and March 2024. The hearing for OS
544 was then fixed for 22 and 23 November 2023.

13 On 13 September 2023, the appellant requested a further extension until 28
September 2023 to file its expert affidavit. On 17 September 2023, the learned
AR granted “a final extension of time … to the [appellant] to file the expert
affidavit by 20 September 2023, failing which no further affidavit is to be
filed by the [appellant] without leave of [c]ourt”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Letter from court dated 17 September 2023.

Notably, the learned AR observed that this was the appellant’s second request
for an extension of time for the filing of its expert affidavit, and that the
appellant had written in to seek an extension of time only on the eve of the
date when the affidavit was due.

14 Late at night on 20 September 2023, the appellant filed the 12th Affidavit
of Mr Abuthahir. This affidavit stated that Mr Abuthahir had been “advised by
West African lawyers who are members of the OHADA legal community that [five]
judgments are relevant in the interpretation of the OHADA Commercial Act”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

12th Affidavit of Abuthahir s/o Abdul Gafoor dated 20 September 2023
(“Abuthahir’s 12th Affidavit”) at para 11.

The affidavit also exhibited copies of the said judgments, which are in the
French language, together with “Machine Translations of the Judgments in
English”, using Google Translate. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Abuthahir’s 12th Affidavit at para 12 and Tabs 1–5 pp 8–78.

Also on 20 September 2023, the appellant filed SUM 2881, accompanied by the
13th Affidavit of Mr Abuthahir. SUM 2881 was the appellant’s application for
an extension of time until 28 September 2023 to file the expert affidavit.

15 On 21 September 2023, the learned AR heard SUM 2881. She ordered, among
other things, that: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Certified Transcript SUM 2881 at p 3 lines 9–10 and 28–33 to p 4 line 6.

(a) the 12th Affidavit of Mr Abuthahir was to be struck out as it was filed
without leave of court;

(b) the appellant was given a final extension of time to file its expert
affidavit by 6pm on 25 September 2023, failing which no expert affidavit is to
be filed by the appellant;

(c) the respondents are to file their reply affidavit by 12pm on 6 November
2023; and

(d) the parties are to file their submissions for the hearing of OS 544 on 22
and 23 November 2023 by 10 November 2023.

16 On 25 September 2023, with less than half an hour before the appellant was
due to file its expert affidavit, the appellant filed the present appeal
against the learned AR’s decision in SUM 2881.

The applicable principles regarding extension of time in interlocutory
applications generally

17 I turn now to the applicable principles regarding extension of time in
interlocutory applications generally. To begin with, the court indisputably
has the power to extend time generally pursuant to O 3 r 4(1) of the Rules of
Court (2014 Rev Ed) (the “ROC 2014”) (see also O 3 r 4(1) of the Rules of
Court 2021), although this has to be read in the context of the rules which
govern the circumstances. As Professor Jeffrey Pinsler (“Prof Pinsler”) notes
in Singapore Court Practice 2020 (LexisNexis, 2020) (at para 3/4/1), while it
is ideal that all prescribed time limits should be complied with all the time,
this is rarely the case in practice because a multitude of circumstances may
result in delay. This much is completely understandable.

18 As to how a court should deal with a request for an extension of time, the
appellant emphasised before me that the courts have been primarily concerned
that a litigant should not be deprived of its opportunity to make a claim for
breach of a rule of civil procedure “unless the other party has been made to
suffer prejudice which cannot be compensated for by an appropriate order as to
costs”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions dated 29 September 2023 (“AWS”) at para 17(1).

In support of this principle, the appellant cited the Court of Appeal
decisions of The “Tokai Maru”, as well as Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt Cheung
and others [2010] 1 SLR 1192 (“Chan Chin Cheung”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AWS at para 17.

More specifically, the appellant relied on the following observation that the
Court of Appeal had made in The “Tokai Maru” (at [23]), which was also cited
by Chao Hick Tin JA in Chan Chin Cheung (at [25]):

… The rules of civil procedure guide the courts and litigants towards the just
resolution of the case and should of course be adhered to. Nonetheless, a
litigant should not be deprived of his opportunity to dispute the plaintiff’s
claims and have a determination of the issues on the merits as a punishment
for a breach of these rules unless the other party has been made to suffer
prejudice which cannot be compensated for by an appropriate order as to costs.

… Save in special cases or exceptional circumstances, it can rarely be
appropriate then, on an overall assessment of what justice requires, to deny a
defendant an extension of time where the denial would have the effect of
depriving him of his defence because of a procedural default which, even if
unjustified, has caused the plaintiff no prejudice for which he cannot be
compensated by an award of costs.

[emphasis in original omitted]

19 The Court of Appeal’s observations in these two cases, which I am bound by,
emphasise substantive fairness over procedural regularity. This is, with
respect, perfectly understandable. In the context of an interlocutory
application, the parties have not had the opportunity to have their cases
determined on their substantive merits. As such, unless there is some
prejudice which cannot be compensated by costs, an extension of time would
usually be granted so as to allow the parties to ventilate their substantive
arguments. Indeed, as Mustill LJ observed in the English Court of Appeal
decision of Erskine Communications Ltd v Worthington [1991] TLR 330 (at 330),
“it would be absurd to say that every instance of overstepping the time limit
without excuse, however short and however lacking in harmful consequence to
the defendant, should be punished by the loss of the action”. This approach
therefore balances the interest of the party seeking an extension of time in
having its case determined substantively, against the interest of the
counterparty in having the case determined expeditiously. Framed in this
manner, an extension of time would inevitably be granted in most, if not all,
general interlocutory applications, since it is difficult to conceive of a
prejudice that cannot be compensated by costs.

20 However, the above-mentioned approach has been eclipsed by a parallel
approach that developed in the 1990s. Indeed, the Court of Appeal did not
limit the applicable principles to its observations in The “Tokai Maru” and
Chan Chin Cheung, but continued to develop the applicable principles in
relation to extensions of time in other cases. within this regard, as Prof
Pinsler explains in Singapore Civil Practice 2022 (LexisNexis, 2022) (at para
3-39), the concept of what justice requires changed “when the courts began to
emphasise the importance of expedition [sic] the interests of the
administration of justice”. Thus, in the English Court of Appeal decision of
Mortgage Corporation Ltd v Sandoes, Blinkhorn & Co and Gibson [1996] TLR 751
(“Mortgage Corporation”), Millett LJ laid down a set of guidelines (at 752)
“as to the future approach which litigants could expect the court to adopt to
the failure to adhere to time limits contained in the rules or directions of
the court”:

1 Time requirements laid down by the rules and directions given by the court
were not merely targets to be attempted; they were rules to be observed.

2 At the same time the overriding principle was that justice must be done.

3 Litigants were entitled to have their cases resolved with reasonable
expedition. The non-compliance with time limits could cause prejudice to one
or more of the parties to the litigation.

4 In addition the vacation or adjournment of the date of trial prejudiced
other litigants and disrupted the administration of justice.

5 Extensions of time which involved the vacation or adjournment of trial dates
should therefore be granted only as a last resort.

6 Where time limits had not been complied with the parties should cooperate in
reaching an agreement as to new time limits which would not involve the date
of trial being postponed.

7 If they reached such an agreement, they could ordinarily expect the court to
give effect to that agreement at the trial and it was not necessary to make a
separate application solely for that purpose.

8 The court would not look with favour on a party who sought only to take
tactical advantage [of] the failure of another party to comply with time
limits.

9 In the absence of an agreement as to a new timetable, an application should
be made promptly to the court for directions.

10 In considering whether to grant an extension of time to a party who was in
default, the court would look at all the circumstances of the case including
the considerations identified above.

21 In Singapore, the Court of Appeal has affirmed the guidelines in Mortgage
Corporation on more than one occasion. For instance, in The “Melati” [2004] 4
SLR(R) 7, Chao JA implicitly approved these guidelines and observed (at [34])
that “[t]here is no one test or criterion which can be decisive in answering
the question of whether an extension of time should be granted. It will always
be a balancing exercise involving a consideration of all relevant factors such
as the nature of the act which was not fulfilled, the reason for the failure,
the prejudice which an extension will cause and any other extenuating
circumstances”. The learned judge also made the important observation (at
[34]) that the rule, that an extension of time should ordinarily be granted
unless the counterparty may suffer a prejudice that cannot be compensated with
costs, should not be applied rigidly, as it would “mean that a well-to-do
plaintiff could flout the rules with impunity”.

22 Similarly, in the Court of Appeal decision of Sun Jin Engineering Pte Ltd v
Hwang Jae Woo [2011] 2 SLR 196 (“Sun Jin”), Chao JA quoted these guidelines
from Mortgage Corporation with apparent approval (at [27]) and concluded (at
[30]) that, in deciding whether to grant an extension of time, a court “has to
balance the competing interests of the parties concerned” and that “[i]n
determining how the balance of interests should be struck and in applying the
four factors mentioned [ie, (a) the length of the delay; (b) the reasons for
the delay; (c) the chances of the defaulting party succeeding if an extension
was granted; and (d) the degree of prejudice to the counterparty] … it is the
overall picture that emerges to the court as to where the justice of the case
lies which will ultimately be decisive”. According to Prof Pinsler, with whom
I respectfully agreed, while Chao JA in Sun Jin did not expressly stress the
importance of the administration of justice as a factor to be taken into
account, the learned judge’s reference to the list of considerations from
Mortgage Corporation, which includes references to the administration of
justice, as well as the existence of other authorities which specifically
mention its importance, must mean that this is a significant factor under
Singapore law (see Singapore Civil Practice 2022 at para 3-44).

23 Therefore, in contrast to an approach which only weighed the parties’
individual interests against each other, a parallel approach has developed
which also factors in the court’s interest in maintaining the due
administration of civil justice. This approach is neatly summarised in the
High Court decision of Lea Tool and Moulding Industries Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) v CGU International Insurance plc (formerly known as Commer Union
Assurance Co plc) [2000] 3 SLR(R) 745 (“Lea Tool”), where Lai Kew Chai J
stated that (at [15]):

Where the attention in the past was the interest of litigants and litigants
alone, the new approach in the administration of justice put into the equation
the interest of the administration of justice and the communitarian need that
limited resources of the courts’ time and resources for adjudication were and
are not wasted or extravagantly or lopsidedly hogged by any litigant or set of
litigants. Timeliness and specific procedural steps had to be laid down to fix
dates for trial and disposal of cases. Litigants who wish to use the services
of the courts are duty bound to abide by the Rules of Court and the orders
made.

[emphasis added]

24 Accordingly, in my respectful view, the focus of the appropriate test to
determine whether an extension of time should be granted in interlocutory
applications generally should be to strike a balance between the parties’
interests, bearing in mind: (a) a party’s interest to have its case determined
on the substantive merits; (b) the counterparty’s interest to have the matter
resolved as expeditiously as possible; and (c) the court’s interest in
maintaining the due administration of civil justice. This balance is expressed
by four factors, which Chao JA outlined in Sun Jin (at [29]), and which Woo
Bih Li JAD applied in the recent Appellate Division of the High Court decision
of Sunpower Semiconductor Ltd v Powercom Yuraku Pte Ltd [2023] SGHC(A) 14
(“Sunpower Semiconductor”) (at [20]–[21]): (a) the length of the delay; (b)
the reasons for the delay; (c) the merits of the intended appeal (or
application, as the case may be); and (d) the degree of prejudice to the other
party if the extension of time were granted. As Woo JAD explained in Sunpower
Semiconducter (at [21]), “the court will adopt a ‘far stricter approach’ in
applying the above factors where the application is for an extension of time
to file or serve a notice of appeal, because the overriding concern in those
applications is finality and ensuring that the winning party is not kept
waiting ‘on tenterhooks to receive the fruits of its judgment’”.

25 In the end, although the consideration of whether a counterparty has
suffered a prejudice that cannot be compensated by costs remains important,
that cannot be the sole focus of the applicable test. Indeed, as I said
earlier (see [3]), there is a limited utility to a test founded solely on such
a basis because, with sufficient imagination, almost anything can be
compensated by an appropriate costs order. For example, in response to meeting
a shorter deadline occasioned by an extension of time, it can always be argued
that the counterparty can be compensated by costs so as to enable it to hire
more lawyers to work the extra hours. Returning to the present appeal, I
therefore disagreed with the appellant in so far as it tried to frame the
applicable test as being primarily founded on prejudice to the respondents
that cannot be compensated by costs.

26 To summarise the above, in my respectful view, the applicable legal
principles in relation to an application for an extension of time generally
are as follows.

(a) Traditionally, a litigant should not be deprived of his opportunity to
dispute the other party’s arguments and have a determination of the issues on
the merits, as a punishment for a breach of procedural rules, unless the other
party has been made to suffer prejudice which cannot be compensated for by an
appropriate order as to costs (see The “Tokai Maru” at [23]).

(b) However, instead of the single-minded focus on the parties’ interests, the
courts have also considered the interest in maintaining the due administration
of civil justice (see Lea Tool at [15]).

(c) Therefore, in determining whether to grant an extension of time, the
appropriate test should strike a balance between: (i) a party’s interest to
have its case determined on the substantive merits; (ii) the counterparty’s
interest to have the matter resolved as expeditiously as possible; and (iii)
the court’s interest in maintaining the due administration of civil justice.
In weighing these interests, relevant factors include: (i) the length of the
delay; (ii) the reasons for the delay; (iii) the merits of the intended appeal
(or application, as the case may be); and (iv) the degree of prejudice to the
other party if the extension of time were granted (see Sun Jin at [29]).

My decision: the appeal in relation to extension of time was allowed

27 With the above principles in mind, I allowed the appellant’s appeal in
relation to the learned AR’s decision to only grant a final extension to the
appellant for it to file its expert affidavit by 25 September 2023, failing
which no expert affidavit is to be filed by the appellant. Nonetheless, this
was a case where the twin interests of: (a) the respondents’ interest in
having the matter resolved as expeditiously as possible; and (b) the court’s
interest in maintaining the due administration of civil justice, almost
outweighed the appellant’s interest in having its case determined on the
substantive merits.

The appellant has shown a disregard for court-imposed deadlines to file the
expert affidavit, without good reason

28 In my judgment, the appellant has shown a disregard for court-imposed
deadlines to file the expert affidavit, without good reason. I say this for
the following reasons.

29 First, the appellant has breached four court-imposed deadlines to file the
expert affidavit on the following occasions: (a) 28 August 2023; (b) 14
September 2023; (c) 20 September 2023; and (d) 25 September 2023. To be clear,
I was aware that the appellant only indicated its intention to file an expert
affidavit on 30 August 2023, ie, after the first deadline lapsed. However, the
appellant was aware after the PTC on 3 August 2023 that it had to file its
reply affidavit by 28 August 2023. Thus, while it did file a reply affidavit
on 28 August 2023, it is inexplicable why the appellant left it to 30 August
2023 to explore the possibility of filing an expert affidavit. For all intents
and purposes, the appellant had acted in breach of the first court-imposed
deadline of 28 August 2023 by seeking to admit a further affidavit after that
date. Indeed, there was no good reason why the appellant could not have done
so earlier, when the respondents had filed their expert affidavit almost a
year ago, on 6 October 2022.

30 Objectively, the length of the delay was, taken on the whole, not long.
This was because if the appellant were to file the expert affidavit by 7
October 2023, and counting from the original deadline of 28 August 2023, the
appellant would have been out of time by only slightly more than one month. In
contrast, there have been longer periods of delay, eg, in The “Tokai Maru”,
where the party applying for an extension of time had delayed filing its
affidavit by nine months. However, what is of concern here is not the length
of delay per se, but the fact that the appellant had breached multiple
deadlines. Viewed in this light, the appellant’s conduct was even more
egregious, especially when it breached timelines that the learned AR had
variously described as a “final extension of time” 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

RBOD Vol 2 at Tab 13 p 41.

(on 17 September 2023) and a “final extension” (on 21 September 2023). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

RBOD Vol 2 at Tab 17 p 148.

If the learned AR’s words are to mean anything, then there ought to be
consequences to the appellant’s conduct, which cannot be swept under the rug
simply because the appellant had filed the present appeal.

31 Second, the appellant has never offered any good reason for its failure to
meet the court-imposed deadlines. This can be seen from the following
instances.

(a) When the appellant did not meet the 28 August 2023 deadline, the
appellant, through its solicitors’ letter dated 30 August 2023 which was filed
with the court on 31 August 2023, indicated that it had filed its reply
affidavit. However, with respect to the expert affidavit, the appellant merely
stated that it “still wishes to file a reply affidavit with respect to
Sengalese [sic] law and has been taking steps in this regard”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

RBOD Vol 2 at Tab 8 p 17.

It then proposed to file the expert affidavit on 21 September 2023 and for the
respondents to file their reply affidavit by 12 October 2023. The appellant
provided no other explanation as to why it could not have taken steps much
earlier to engage an expert, when it has had access to the respondents’ expert
affidavit from 6 October 2022. The appellant also provided no explanation as
to why, despite knowing about the court-imposed deadline for it to file its
further affidavit by 28 August 2023, it wrote belatedly to the respondents on
30 August 2023 to bring up the filing of its expert affidavit. Despite the
proposed deadline of 21 September 2023, the learned AR allowed only an
extension of time until 14 September 2023 (see [12] above).

(b) When the appellant could not meet the 14 September 2023 deadline, its
solicitors reached out to the respondents’ solicitors on 13 September 2023 to
seek an agreement for an extension of time. The appellant proposed the
deadline of 28 September 2023. It explained that “there have been certain
issues that have arisen in relation [sic] the said persons that have been
approached and this has resulted in our client needing more time and also
considering alternative person(s)”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

RBOD Vol 2 at Tab 9 p 21.

There were no further particulars as to how many persons were approached, or
when they were approached. The appellant also asserted that “there may be no
prejudice suffered by [the respondents] if the said further extension is
agreed to”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

RBOD Vol 2 at Tab 9 p 21.

Again, despite the proposed deadline of 28 September 2023, the learned AR
allowed only an extension of time until 20 September 2023 (see [13] above).

(c) When the appellant could not meet the 20 September 2023 deadline, it
sought a further extension on 20 September 2023 via SUM 2881. However, it did
not provide any good reason why it could not meet the deadline of 20 September
2023. All that was asserted in the 13th Affidavit of Mr Abuthahir was that
“[w]hile [the appellant] has endeavoured to keep to the Court’s deadlines, it
has been unable to do so as [the appellant] had required time to secure an
expert and to finalise the expert’s appointment”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

RBOD Vol 2 at Tab 16 p 129.

While Mr Abuthahir then explains that the appellant has since engaged Ms
Sylvie Bebohi (“Ms Bebohi”) as its expert, he does not provide any reason why
she would only “be in a position to submit her opinion by 28 September 2023”.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

RBOD Vol 2 at Tab 16 p 130.

The AR allowed an extension of time until 25 September 2023 (see [15] above).

(d) When the appellant could not meet the 25 September 2023 deadline, it filed
the present appeal. However, the only reasons it gave were that “[t]here was a
limited pool of experts / legal practitioners who had qualifications in OHADA
law that were available for appointment” and that “[g]iven the time difference
between Singapore and Senegal / Cameroon, it was significantly more
challenging to instruct prospective experts given the time difference, the
volume of materials and the tight deadlines”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AWS at para 28.

In my view, these are not good reasons. For one, I cannot understand how the
time difference would make it difficult to engage an expert. Also, given the
time that the plaintiff has had since 6 October 2022, I cannot understand how
it can assert that it was subjected to tight deadlines.

32 Third, not only did the appellant fail to meet court-imposed deadlines, it
appears that the appellant could not even meet its own proposed deadline of 28
September 2023. In this regard, on 20 September 2023, the appellant proposed
the deadline of 28 September 2023. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

HC/SUM 2881/2023 at para 1.

Despite this, on 25 September 2023, the appellant filed the present appeal. In
its submissions dated 29 September 2023, the appellant prayed for “leave to
file the Expert Affidavit within [three] days after any order made herein”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AWS at para 39.

Since the appellant knew that the present appeal had been fixed to be heard on
4 October 2023 when it drafted this prayer in its submissions, the appellant
was effectively asking for an extension of time until 7 October 2023 to file
the expert affidavit. For good order, I also noted that the appellant had
submitted in its submissions dated 29 September 2023 for this appeal that “as
of the date of this affidavit [sic], [the appellant]’s expert has prepared her
expert opinion pending the hearing of RA 201 on 4 October 2023”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AWS at para 25.

In so far as this suggests that the expert affidavit had yet to be filed as of
29 September 2023, this means that the appellant likely breached its own
proposed deadline of 28 September 2023. Indeed, even when the respondents
wrote to the appellant to invite it to provide the expert affidavit by 28
September 2023, the appellant did not do so. As the respondents rightly
pointed out, if the appellant was intending to buy even more time by this
appeal to file the expert affidavit, then that would be an impermissible abuse
of the court’s process. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

RWS at para 33.

33 Fourth, the appellant has not given the respondents and the court much
notice before taking out applications to seek the various extensions of time.
Indeed, its requests for extensions of time were made either at the last
minute, or even after the deadline had already passed. These requests were
also made despite the learned AR having indicated twice below that her
deadlines were “final” (see above at [30]). Moreover, even in its submissions
filed for this appeal, there were references within wrongly referring to the
submissions being an “affidavit”, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AWS at para 25.

and which seemed to be copied directly from what appeared to be an affidavit.
Such slip-ups, when taken in the round, showed that the appellant has not been
taking the court’s processes seriously.

34 For all these reasons, I was satisfied that the appellant has shown a
disregard for court-imposed deadlines to file the expert affidavit without
good reason.

The respondents would suffer prejudice

35 Moreover, the appellant’s multiple breaches of court-imposed deadlines have
caused the respondents prejudice. In this regard, given that hearing dates for
OS 544 have been fixed on 22 and 23 November 2023, it is clear that any delay
in the appellant’s filing of its expert affidavit would invariably reduce the
respondents’ time to file a reply affidavit. To my mind, the fact that hearing
dates have been fixed must be a significant factor in assessing prejudice. In
contrast, in The “Tokai Maru”, the court held that (at [30]) because
proceedings were at a relatively early stage such that trial dates had not
been fixed, there was “plenty of time” for the respondents to file a reply
affidavit, and the prejudice could be compensated by costs.

36 While the appellant asserted that this prejudice could be compensated by
costs, I was not convinced that the focus should be so narrow. Of course, the
respondents could be compensated with costs in as much as their lawyers can
work longer hours to make up for the extra time the appellant took to file its
expert affidavit. But this cannot be how the test of prejudice is to be
applied, otherwise costs will be sufficient in most situations. In my view,
the respondents have been prejudiced because they would have less time to
respond to the plaintiff’s expert affidavit through no fault of their own, and
when they have tendered their expert affidavit a full year ago. The inherent
unfairness in this situation is clear: the respondents have complied with the
court-imposed deadlines thus far, but are now made to suffer the consequences
of the appellant’s repeated breaches.

37 Although the practical solution was to move the hearing dates from November
2023 to early 2024, it was no answer for the appellant to suggest this to
justify its present application for extension of time. It is the respondents’
prerogative to want the matter to be determined as expeditiously as possible.
Indeed, it is also the court’s prerogative for the expeditious determination
of the matter in order to uphold the due administration of civil justice,
where a party cannot hog a court’s time and resources for adjudication.
Therefore, the appellant should not be allowed to dictate timelines by its own
default.

38 Ultimately, with the above considerations in mind, my decision boiled down
to the question of whether: (a) the appellant’s disregard for the court-
imposed timelines; and (b) the prejudice caused to the respondents, should
outweigh the appellant’s opportunity to dispute the respondents’ defence on a
substantive basis.

The appellant should have the opportunity to dispute the respondents’ claim on
the time-bar issue

39 The appellant understandably submitted that if it were denied an extension
of time, it would be “unduly deprived of its opportunity to dispute the
[respondents’] claims on the Time Bar Issue”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AWS at para 24.

This was particularly since the appellant had yet to file any opinion on
foreign law in OS 544. Instead, the only expert affidavit on foreign law filed
in OS 544 thus far has been from the respondents. Thus, if the appellant was
not able to file any expert affidavit, the respondents’ expert affidavit would
be unrebutted in relation to issues pertaining to Senegalese law.

40 This was, to my mind, a strong factor in favour of allowing an extension of
time. Ultimately, as Mr Ang Leong Hao, who appeared as instructed counsel for
the appellant, submitted, the appellant should have the opportunity to dispute
the respondents’ claim. While I was troubled by the appellant’s disregard for
the various court-imposed timelines, I was mindful that the prejudice caused
to the respondents could be addressed practically and not solely by the award
of an adverse costs order. For example, as Ms Kong Man Er (“Ms Kong”), who
appeared for the respondents, submitted, the respondents could be given more
time to file their reply affidavit and for the hearing dates to be shifted to
the near future. Indeed, Ms Kong very reasonably suggested that should there
be alternative hearing dates identified so that the respondents have
correspondingly more time to file their reply affidavits, any prejudice caused
to the respondents would be reduced. Moreover, unlike trial dates which may be
harder to fix, the present appeal concerned an Originating Summons to be heard
over one or two days. This would therefore be easier to refix and would not
result in wasted court dates, if at all.

41 For all these reasons, while I thought this was a case where the
appellant’s disregard for previous deadlines should bear more severe
consequences, I was ultimately not convinced that the justice of the case laid
in shutting out the appellant altogether in its ability to file its expert
affidavit. However, I would caution that where there has been a pattern of
outright disregard for the court-imposed deadlines, there could be more severe
consequences in an appropriate case. Were it otherwise, timelines and
deadlines would lose all meaning if they can always be overridden by an
adverse costs order.

My decision: the appeal in relation to the 12th Affidavit of Mr Abuthahir is
dismissed

42 For completeness, I dismissed the appellant’s appeal in relation to the
striking out of the 12th Affidavit of Mr Abuthahir dated 20 September 2023.
While the appellant did not address this directly, this affidavit was clearly
filed without the leave of court. It was clear from the court’s letter on 17
September 2023 that the appellant was granted a “final extension of time … to
file the expert affidavit by 20 September 2023, failing which no further
affidavit is to be filed by the [a]ppellant without leave of [c]ourt”. The
context of the learned AR’s letter is as below:

AR Karen Tan notes that this is the second request for an extension of time
for the expert affidavit to be filed by the Appellant which was originally due
to be filed on 28 August 2023 and that the Appellant wrote in to seek an
extension of time on the eve of the date the affidavit is due. The Appellant
has had sufficient time to obtain and file this affidavit. Accordingly, a
final extension of time is granted to the Appellant to file the expert
affidavit by 20 September 2023, failing which no further affidavit is to be
filed by the Appellant without leave of Court. The Respondent to file the
reply affidavit by 1 November 2023.

It was clear that the court’s permission to file an affidavit was limited to
the expert affidavit only. Since Mr Abuthahir is not an expert on Senegalese
law, his affidavit was filed without the court’s permission.

43 In any event, substantial portions of this affidavit cannot be received,
filed or used in the court given that it has not been adequately translated
into the English language. While s 40 of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed)
provides that “any statement of the law contained in a book purporting to be
printed or published under the authority of the government of the country, and
to contain any such law, and any report of a ruling of the courts of the
country contained in a book purporting to be a report of the rulings, is
relevant” when a court “has to form an opinion as to a law of any country”,
this has to be read alongside the applicable procedural rules. In this regard,
O 92 r 1 of the ROC 2014 provides that “[e]very document if not in the English
language must be accompanied by a translation thereof certified by a court
interpreter or a translation verified by the affidavit of a person qualified
to translate it before it may be received, filed or used in the [c]ourt”. This
is consistent with the requirement that “[f]oreign court decisions extracted
from publications of law reports, translated into English, may … be cited as
evidence of the foreign law” (see the High Court decision of Wong Kai Woon
alias Wong Kai Boon and Another v Wong Kong Hom alias Ng Kong Hom and Others
[2000] SGHC 176 at [54]) [emphasis added].

44 When applied to the present case, the affidavit concerned was not helpful
towards the determination of Senegalese law since it exhibits judgments in the
French language that are not translated into coherent English. Also, in so far
as s 40 applies, there must surely be a coherent translation into English in
accordance with O 92 r 1, and not one done by Google Translate, as the
appellant has done. More broadly, given the time that the appellant has had
since 6 October 2022 to engage an expert, it was puzzling why, even if it were
relying on s 40, it did not have the time to obtain proper translations.

Conclusion

45 For all these reasons, I allowed the appellant’s appeal in relation to the
extension of time but dismissed its appeal in relation to the striking out of
the 12th Affidavit of Mr Abuthahir. I declined to disturb the costs order made
by the learned AR below. I awarded the respondents costs fixed at $5,000 (all-
in).

Goh Yihan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ang Leong Hao and Sia Bao Huei (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) (instructed),
Darrell Low Kim Boon and Petrina Tan Heng Kiat (Bih Li & Lee LLP) for the
appellant;  
Kong Man Er and Tan Sih Si (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 09 Jan 2024 (09:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

