Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 291

Suit No 833 of 2020

Summonses Nos 2331 and 2424 of 2023

Between

(1)| Arokiasamy Steven JosephAdministrator of Estate of Salvin Foster Steven,
the deceased  
---|---  
(2)| Tan Kin Tee  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Lee Boon Chuan Nelson  
---|---  
(2)| Gomathinayagam Kandasami  
(3)| Institute of Mental Health  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure – Costs – Principles – Quantum of costs to be awarded to
successful litigant-in-person]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Arokiasamy Steven Joseph (administrator of the estate of Salvin Foster Steven,
deceased) and another

  

v

  

Lee Boon Chuan Nelson and others and other matters

[2023] SGHC 291

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 833 of 2023 and Summonses Nos
2331 and 2424 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
4 October 2023

13 October 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This action and the two summonses have been dealt with in my judgment of 25
August 2023, Arokiasamy Steven Joseph (administrator of the estate of Salvin
Foster Steven, deceased) and another v Lee Boon Chuan Nelson and others and
other matters [2023] SGHC 230. The present matter concerns the question of
costs arising from the two summonses brought by Arbiters Inc Law Corporation
(“Arbiters”) that were dismissed, of which I had ordered Arbiters to pay costs
to the plaintiffs and the 1st and 3rd defendants, and if the parties are
unable to agree, I will fix the costs. They were unable to agree as to the
amount, and Mr Vijay Kumar Rai (“Mr Rai”) of Arbiters now submits that the
plaintiffs, as well as the 1st and 3rd defendants should be held liable for
costs to Arbiters for the summonses. The orders made were clear and
unambiguous, Arbiters is to pay costs to the plaintiffs and the 1st and 3rd
defendants. The only outstanding issue to resolve is the quantum of the costs
to be paid.

2 Contrary to the submissions of Mr Rai, none of the other parties can be held
liable for either of the summonses. Both were filed by Arbiters. Even Mr Anil
Balchandani (“Mr Balchandani”), who was acting for the 2nd plaintiff, stayed
discreetly uninvolved in the summonses, and merely wrote a letter to express
his support for Mr Rai.

3 Mr Rai filed SUM 2331 asking for various orders, essentially to ensure that
the settlement money paid by the 1st and 3rd defendants to the plaintiffs are
secured until Arbiters are paid their fees. The flaw in that application was
that it was filed after the plaintiffs had discharged Arbiters and Red Lion
Circle Advocates & Solicitors (“Red Lion Circle”) (solicitors for the 1st and
2nd plaintiffs respectively). That meant that Arbiters had no authority to
make the applications. In any event, the correct procedure was (for Arbiters
and Red Lion Circle) to apply for leave of court for the solicitors to be
discharged, but that was not done.

4 After Mr Rai became aware of the problem of his lack of authority, he filed
SUM 2424 in an attempt to rectify it. That summons was an application to have
Arbiters joined as a party to the action in this suit (Suit 833 of 2020), and
thereafter, continue with his application under SUM 2331. For the reasons
given in my judgment of 25 August, I dismissed both summonses, with costs to
be fixed by me should the parties be unable to agree costs among themselves.
They could not agree among themselves. All parties therefore filed their
written submissions on costs.

5 The plaintiffs, now litigants-in-person, are asking Arbiters to pay them
costs of $4,000 in total for the two summonses. Donaldson & Burkinshaw, the
solicitors for the 1st defendant are asking for costs of $13,000 in total plus
$142.83 in disbursements. Legal Clinic LLC, the solicitors for the 3rd
defendant are asking for costs of $16,000 all in. Arbiters reject the claims
by the other parties, and submits instead, that the plaintiffs should each pay
$4,000 to Arbiters for SUM 2331 ($8,000 in total), and the plaintiffs and the
1st and 3rd defendants should each pay $2,000 to Arbiters ($8,000 in total)
for SUM 2424. Alternatively, Mr Rai submits that the costs of Arbiters to the
1st and 3rd defendants, if any, should be borne by the plaintiffs. Mr Rai
submits that in the event costs are not awarded to Arbiters, then no costs
should be awarded to the plaintiffs, and a nominal sum of $250 each (all in)
should be awarded to the 1st and 3rd defendants.

6 I will deal with the solicitors’ submissions first as they are more
straightforward. The fact that both summonses filed by Arbiters could not be
graced by even an iota of merit and thus failed utterly means that the parties
who were compelled to attend court by reason of being served, must be entitled
to costs. By the same token, Arbiters are not entitled to costs against any
party.

7 Although Mr Rai attempted to make a case out of SUM 2331 on the basis of an
equitable lien for costs, Arbiters was found wanting on the equity scale. Not
only was there no basis to withhold the full compensation from the plaintiffs,
the estimated total fees Mr Rai is claiming seems excessive in the
circumstances. The two summonses were heard in just about two hours in total.
The issues were not complicated, and thus I am of the view that costs to the
1st defendant fixed at $8,000 (inclusive of disbursements) and paid by
Arbiters would be fair. Since the main thrust of the submissions in both
applications were advanced by Miss Kuah Boon Theng SC (“Ms Kuah”) for the 3rd
defendant, I order costs to the 3rd defendant in the sum of $10,000 (all in)
to be paid by Arbiters. The costs awarded to the 1st defendant and 3rd
defendant are within the costs guidelines for summonses.

8 The claim for costs by the plaintiffs is less straightforward. Traditionally
costs were not given to litigants-in-person because such costs are party-and-
party costs and awarded to help a litigant defray his solicitor-and-client
costs. In modern times, the Rules of Court allow costs to be awarded even to
litigants-in-person. In the rare cases where such costs had been awarded, they
are much lower than what would have been awarded as party-and-party costs
where the litigant is represented by solicitors or counsel.

9 The Civil Procedure Rules in the UK capped costs to litigants-in-person to
two thirds of what would have been ordered had the litigant been represented
by a lawyer. This appears to have been the formula adopted by the High Court
in Mah Kiat Seng v Attorney-General and others [2023] SGHC 52 at [7]-[9]. I
have no disagreement with the decision of Jeyaretnam J in that case, save to
say that it is not appropriate to lay down strict formulae for costs for
litigants-in-person for reasons that I shall now elaborate.

10 Unlike the Civil Procedure Rules in the UK which provide for capped costs
to litigants-in-person, our Rules of Court 2014 (O 59 r 18A) and Rules of
Court 2021 (O 21 r 7) do not provide for any cap on quantum. As such, I am of
the view that the two thirds cap found in the UK Civil Procedure Rules is, at
best, a useful guide. The quantum of costs is always discretionary (as opposed
to the principles regarding when costs may be awarded). That is because costs
are fact sensitive, and every case is different. When litigants appear in
person, matters can get even more complicated because an anxious litigant may
labour excessively, often misguiding himself for lack of knowledge of the law.
In other cases, the litigant may indeed have knowledge of the law and labour
as hard with better results. Conversely, a litigant-in-person may outperform
counsel in the case, making it appear manifestly unjust that he should be
limited to two thirds of what the fumbling counsel gets.

11 The point therefore, is that costs of a litigant-in-person should not be
taxed separately, but fixed by the trial judge because he is the person who
knows the facts and merits required to adjust the discretionary quantification
of costs to a litigant-in-person. That court will be guided by the fact that
money is rarely adequate compensation even in successful litigation. Neither
are costs meant as a punishment to the party who has failed.

12 In this case, the issues in the two summonses were legal issues that,
bereft of counsel, the two plaintiffs were unable to help themselves, let
alone help the court. They were more concerned about the fees that Arbiters
and Red Lion Circle claimed against them. But that is another matter, for
another proceeding. The two plaintiffs were nonetheless compelled to attend
court for two or three occasions regarding the summonses. They produced
evidence on affidavit that assisted the court. Both of them are not employed
so there is no loss of income to claim as disbursements. In the circumstances,
I am of the view that a sum of $500 to each of them to be paid by Arbiters
would be a fair amount and I so order.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck J  
Judge of the High Court

First Plaintiff in-person  
Second Plaintiff in-person  
, Samuel Lim Jie Bin and Thanjit Kaur Sekhon (Donaldson & Burkinshaw LLP) for
First Defendant  
Kuah Boon Theng SC, Felicia Chain and Shenna Tjoa (Legal Clinic LLC) for Third
Defendant  
Vijay Kumar Rai, Joavan Christopher Pereira and Jasleen Kaur (Arbiters Inc Law
Corporation) formerly for First Plaintiff  
Anil Narain Balchandani (Red Lion Circle) formerly for Second Plaintiff.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Oct 2023 (16:47 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

