Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 14

Suit No 256 of 2020

Between

| Mah Kiat Seng  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Attorney-General  
---|---  
(2)(3)| Mohamed Rosli bin MohamedTan Thiam Chin Lawrence  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Statutory Interpretation — Construction of statute]

[Tort — Assault and battery]

[Tort — Breach of statutory duty — Duties imposed by statute]

[Tort — False imprisonment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mah Kiat Seng

  
v

  

Attorney-General and others

  

[2023] SGHC 14

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 256 of 2020  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
2, 3, 5, 10–12 August 2022, 21 October 2022

19 January 2023 Judgment reserved.

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 Individual police officers are entrusted by law with the duty to apprehend
persons believed to be dangerous to themselves or others by reason of mental
disorder. The relevant provision is s 7 of the Mental Health (Care and
Treatment) Act 2010 (Cap 178A, 2012 Rev Ed) (“MHCTA”). Upon apprehension, the
person must be taken without delay either directly to a designated medical
practitioner at a psychiatric institution or first to any medical practitioner
who may refer the person onward to a designated medical practitioner at a
psychiatric institution.

2 Police officers are not themselves required to have medical or psychiatric
training. Thus, their belief that a person has a mental disorder and for that
reason is a danger is necessarily a lay one. It relies only on common
understanding, experience as a police officer and any general training
received to better equip police officers to make such assessments. It must be
an honest belief, held on grounds that are reasonable judged in terms of
general lay and not specialised medical understanding.

3 The police officer enforcing this provision is additionally protected from
liability to civil or criminal proceedings “unless he has acted in bad faith
or without reasonable care”: see s 25(1) of the MHCTA. Indeed, before any such
proceedings can be brought, leave must be sought from the court, and “leave
shall not be granted unless the court is satisfied that there is substantial
ground for the contention that the person, against whom it is sought to bring
the proceedings, has acted in bad faith or without reasonable care”: see s
25(2) of the MHCTA.

4 These proceedings, brought by the plaintiff, Mah Kiat Seng (“Mah”), concern
two distinct claims. The first is that he was wrongly apprehended and hence
falsely imprisoned as a result of the apprehending officer’s lies that Mah had
been mumbling or speaking to himself, told the officer he had obsessive-
compulsive disorder (“OCD”) and spat into a plastic bag. The second is that he
suffered injury at the hands of a different officer at the lock up.

5 When leave was sought to bring these proceedings, it was refused at first
instance: see Mah Kiat Seng v Attorney-General and others [2020] 3 SLR 918
(“Mah No. 1”). The learned Judge refused leave in respect of the first claim
because there was no basis to suggest that the apprehending officer had lied.
On the contrary, it was corroborated by the notes of the medical practitioner
at the lock up: Mah No. 1 at [70]. In respect of the second claim, she refused
leave because that officer said he had had no verbal or physical contact with
Mah on the night in question, and this was confirmed by the investigating
officer: Mah No. 1 at [81].

6 Mah appealed, and when the Attorney-General’s Chambers upon review of
certain video evidence discovered that in relation to the second claim, the
officer concerned, contrary to what was represented to the Judge at first
instance, had had occasion to escort Mah at the lock up on that night, they
consented to the appeal being allowed and leave being granted for these
proceedings to be brought, including on the first claim.

7 During the course of these proceedings, I dealt with the video evidence,
including whether it was privileged: see Mah Kiat Seng v Attorney-General and
others [2022] 3 SLR 890 (“Mah No. 2”)

8 Further viewing of relevant video evidence by the apprehending officer led
him to note an error concerning the contents of the affidavit he had affirmed
for the purpose of the leave application, namely his assertion that Mah had
been “mumbling to himself at times”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Mohamed Rosli bin Mohamed dated 13 September 2017 in DC/DC
2430/2017 at para 9(a), AB 302–303.

This assertion was consequently not made in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
in these proceedings.

9 The video and other evidence adduced at trial has led me to conclude that
not only did Mah not talk to himself when being interviewed by the
apprehending officer, neither did he do so when he was seen by the medical
practitioner at the lock up, contrary to the medical report on which the
learned Judge relied in refusing leave. Moreover, Mah did not tell the
apprehending officer he had OCD, nor did he spit into any plastic bag.

10 For reasons that I will explain, I am satisfied that the apprehending
officer acted in bad faith in apprehending Mah. However, I do not find that
Mah’s complaints that he was assaulted are made out.

Facts

The parties

11 Mah is a litigant in person. The first defendant is the Attorney-General
(“AG”) representing the Singapore Police Force (“SPF”) sued pursuant to s
19(3) of the Government Proceedings Act (Cap 121, 1985 Rev Ed). The second
defendant, Mohamed Rosli bin Mohamed (“Rosli”), is the police officer who took
Mah into custody on 7 July 2017 under s 7 of the MHCTA, while the third
defendant, Tan Thiam Chin Lawrence (“Tan”), is a police officer who interacted
with Mah at the Central Police Division Regional Lock-Up (“RLU”).

Procedural history

12 This action was commenced by Mah pursuant to leave granted by the Court of
Appeal on 5 March 2020 under s 25 of the MHCTA. As I have already explained at
[5] and [6] above, the AG consented to the grant of leave on appeal.

13 As part of the instituted proceedings, Mah was granted access to view
various recordings made by body-worn cameras (“BWC”) and closed-circuit
television cameras (“CCTV”). These recordings respectively depicted Mah’s
apprehension outside Suntec City and his subsequent detention at the RLU (see
Mah No. 2).

Undisputed facts

14 On 7 July 2017, the complainant called the Singapore Police Force emergency
call line and alleged that a Chinese male had touched her son’s head. The
second defendant and his partner, Sgt Teo Sean (“Teo”), were dispatched to the
incident location, ie, Suntec City, where they interviewed the complainant at
about 7.59pm. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mohamed Rosli bin Mohamed’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) dated 26
May 2022 (“Rosli’s AEIC”) at paras 8–11; Teo Sean’s AEIC dated 24 May 2022
(“Teo’s AEIC”) at paras 4–9; Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 26 July 2022
(“AB”) at pp 7, 62–92.

15 When interviewed, the complainant stated that a man had touched her son’s
head and looked as though he was going to pull his hair. She added that this
man ran away when she shouted at him. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Rosli’s AEIC at para 11; Sean’s AEIC at para 9; Syahirah binte Zulkepli’s AEIC
dated 30 May 2022 (“Syahirah’s AEIC”) at paras 6–8; Ong Jin Kai Benny’s AEIC
dated 23 May 2022 (“Ong’s AEIC”) at paras 11–14; AB at p 64.

16 At about 8.05pm, Rosli and Teo located Mah near a stone bench outside
Suntec City and interviewed him. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Rosli’s AEIC at para 15; Teo’s AEIC at para 11; AB at pp 59, 93–199, 273;
2/8/22 NE 44.

In the course of doing so, Rosli came to an apparent conclusion that Mah was
mentally disordered and posed a danger to himself or other persons by reason
of that disorder. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Rosli’s AEIC at paras 17–22, 27; Teo’s AEIC at paras 13–14.

Consequently, Rosli proceeded, with the assistance of two more police
officers, namely Sgt Syahirah binte Zulkepli (“Syahirah”) and Sgt Ong Jin Kai
Benny (“Ong”), to apprehend Mah under s 7 of the MHCTA. Mah was handcuffed. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Rosli’s AEIC at paras 28–29; Teo’s AEIC at paras 19–21; Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1) dated 5 August 2020 (“SOC”) at paras 10–11.

17 Syahirah and Ong escorted Mah from Suntec City to the RLU in a police car.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Syahirah’s AEIC at paras 9, 11–13; Ong’s AEIC at paras 15–17, 23; SOC at para
13.

The party arrived at the RLU at about 9.11pm whereupon Ong conducted a search
of Mah’s body and belongings. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ong’s AEIC at paras 23–25; SOC at para 15; 5/8/22 NE 85–86.

Mah was detained in Cell 4M at about 10.00pm and examined by Dr Lin Hanjie
(“Dr Lin”) of Healthway Medical Group Pte Ltd in the RLU at about 10.19pm. Dr
Lin referred Mah to the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) for treatment under
s 9 of the MHCTA. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mohammad Shahril bin Ramli’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022 (“Shahril’s AEIC”) at para
6; Lin Hanjie’s AEIC dated 26 May 2022 (“Dr Lin’s AEIC”) at paras 4, 6–7,
LHJ-1, LHJ-3; SOC at para 19; Tan Bing Wen Kenneth’s AEIC dated 30 May 2022
(“IO Tan’s AEIC”) at para 6; AB at p 32.

18 Mah was subsequently transferred from Cell 4M to a padded cell, Cell 24P.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB at p 57; SOC at para 20.

At about 2.15am on 8 July 2017, Tan handcuffed Mah through a slot in the door
to Cell 24P and escorted Mah from Cell 24P to Cell 30S for Mah to urinate.
Thereafter, Tan escorted Mah back to Cell 24P and removed Mah’s handcuffs. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB at p 57; Shahril’s AEIC at para 7; Tan Thiam Chin Lawrence’s AEIC dated 24
May 2022 (“Tan’s AEIC”) at paras 8–16; SOC at paras 28–29.

19 Next, at about 3.00am, Sgt Wong Jingying (“Wong”), along with two other
police officers, escorted Mah from the RLU to IMH. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB at p 48; Wong Jingying’s AEIC dated 6 May 2022 (“Wong’s AEIC”) at paras
4–6; SOC at para 37.

Dr Tracey Wing Li Mun (“Dr Wing”), who was, at the material time, a Psychiatry
Resident at IMH, attended to Mah at about 5.00am. Dr Wing was given a Referral
Memorandum written by Investigating Officer, Insp Kenneth Tan (“IO Tan”). This
stated, among other things, that Mah was “seen to have pulled the hair of a
[four-year] old boy at Suntec City”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Tracey Wing Li Mun’s AEIC dated 20 May 2022 (“Dr Wing’s AEIC”) at paras 3–4
and TWLM-1; SOC at para 39.

At about 5.43am, Dr Wing made an order under s 10(1) of the MCHTA that Mah be
detained for further observation and assessment; she was concerned that Mah
posed a risk of harm to minors and suspected that he suffered from an
undiagnosed mental disorder. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB at p 289; Dr Wing’s AEIC at paras 6–7, TWLM-3; SOC at para 43.

20 Mah was discharged from IMH on 8 July 2017 at about 7.00pm. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 44; IO Tan’s AEIC at paras 15, 17.

The parties’ cases

Mah’s case

21 I set out Mah’s claims in more detail at the appropriate juncture. For
present purposes, it suffices to note the following. Mah contends that the
police officers had no authority to apprehend him under s 7 of the MHCTA 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at paras 12, 45–46, 58(i), 59.

and breached their duty under this provision to take him without delay to a
medical practitioner. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at paras 48–50.

He says he was assaulted while in police custody and suffered physical and
mental trauma. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at paras 12, 18, 25, 30–33, 38, 51–54, 56.

He also claims that his personal property, namely his bag and mobile phone,
were negligently damaged by the police. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at paras 8, 14, 57–58.

Finally, Mah avers that the police officers had control over his detention at
IMH and prevented the IMH staff from discharging him. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC at paras 41–44.

22 In court, however, Mah confirmed that he no longer seeks aggravated or
punitive damages or wishes to pursue his claim that Ong damaged his mobile
phone by throwing it on the floor at the RLU. I therefore say no more about
these claims.

The defendants’ case

23 In its opening statement, the AG contended that as “police officers are
[themselves] not medical professionals, they will simply have to use their
best judgment in the circumstances of each case to determine if a person must
be arrested under section 7 of the MHCTA and brought to a medical
professional”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement dated 26 July 2022 (“DOS”) at para 3.

The AG, however, adopted a qualitatively different position in its
supplemental opening statement, namely, that a police officer’s belief that a
person is dangerous to himself or other persons by reason of mental disorder
“must be founded on reasonable grounds”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendant’s Supplemental Opening Statement dated 10 August 2022 (“DSOS”) at
para 11.

The AG also pointed out that, in any event, s 25(1)(b) of the MHCTA protects a
person from civil or criminal proceedings for his acts done under the MHCTA
unless “he has acted in bad faith or without reasonable care”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DSOS at para 17.

24 That said, the AG consistently maintained that the second defendant
apprehended Mah in good faith. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DOS at paras 5, 9, 10(c).

Further, the police officers took Mah to a medical practitioner without delay,
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DSOS at paras 14–16.

did not physically abuse him or damage his personal property, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DOS at paras 9, 10(a)–10(b), 10(d)–10(i).

and neither had control over his detention at IMH nor prevented IMH staff from
discharging him. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DOS at para 10(j).

Issues to be determined

25 The issues for my determination are as follows:

(a) Whether Mah’s apprehension was lawful under s 7 of the MHCTA.

(i) What are the legal requirements of s 7 of the MHCTA?

(ii) Did Rosli honestly and reasonably believe Mah to be “dangerous to himself
or other persons by reason of mental disorder”?

(iii) Is Rosli nonetheless entitled to rely on s 25(1) of the MHCTA, ie, did
Rosli act in bad faith or without reasonable care in apprehending Mah?

(b) Whether s 7 of the MHCTA enjoins the police to take Mah immediately to a
medical practitioner and if so, did the police comply with this duty.

(c) Whether Mah suffered personal injury or damage to his property.

(i) Whether Mah was punched in his abdomen when he was apprehended.

(ii) Whether Mah suffered injury to his head, wrists and arms while escorted
between cells in the RLU.

(iii) Whether Mah consented to Teo searching his bag and accessing his mobile
phone outside Suntec City.

(iv) Whether Ong searched Mah’s bag without lawful justification at the RLU.

(v) Whether Rosli damaged the zipper of Mah’s bag.

(d) Whether the police’s responsibility for Mah’s detention ended upon his
transfer to IMH.

(e) What Mah is entitled to as damages in relation to any of his claims that
have been made out.

Issue 1: Whether Mah’s apprehension was lawful under s 7 of the MHCTA

What are the legal requirements of s 7 of the MHCTA?

The law on statutory interpretation

26 The purposive interpretation of a legislative provision involves three
steps (Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 at [37]–[53]):

(a) First, the court should ascertain possible interpretations of the
provision, having regard to the text of the provision as well as the context
of the provision within the written law as a whole. This is done by
determining the ordinary meaning of the words and reference may be made to
rules and canons of statutory construction.

(b) Second, the court should ascertain the legislative purpose of the statute.
Legislative purpose should ordinarily be gleaned from the text itself.
Extraneous material may be considered in the situations set out under s 9A(2)
of the Interpretation Act 1965 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IA”).

(c) Third, the court should compare the possible interpretations of the text
against the purpose of the statute. An interpretation which furthers the
purpose of the written text is to be preferred to one which does not.

27 Sections 2 and 7 of the MHCTA respectively provide:

Interpretation

2.––(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires ––

…

“designated medical practitioner”, in relation to any psychiatric institution,
means a medical practitioner who is working in the psychiatric institution and
who is designated by name or office in writing by the Director or such public
officer as he may appoint, for the purposes of this Act;

…

“mental disorder” means any mental illness or any other disorder or disability
of the mind and “mentally disordered” shall be construed accordingly;

…

Apprehension of mentally disordered person

7. It shall be the duty of every police officer to apprehend any person who is reported to be mentally disordered and is believed to be dangerous to himself or other persons by reason of mental disorder and take the person together with a report of the facts of the case without delay to ––

(a) any medical practitioner for an examination and the medical practitioner
may thereafter act in accordance with section 9; or

(b) any designated medical practitioner at a psychiatric institution and the
designated medical practitioner may thereafter act in accordance with section
10.

The parties’ submissions

28 Mah’s case is that the police ought to have informed him of the grounds of
his arrest as soon as he was apprehended. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 7 October 2022 (“PCS”) at para 74.

He also contends that a police officer may only apprehend an individual under
s 7 of the MHCTA where the individual causes serious injury to others 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PCS at paras 46–53.

because of his mental disorder. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PCS at para 24.

29 The AG accepts that an individual apprehended under s 7 of the MHCTA must
be informed of the grounds of his apprehension. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1st to 3rd Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 7 October 2022 (“DCS”) at
paras 104–106.

This is consistent with Art 9(3) of the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (2020 Rev Ed) (“Constitution”). However, it is only necessary to do
so as soon as reasonably practicable, rather than immediately. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DCS at para 106.

30 The AG submits that there is no practical difference between the terms
“apprehend” (as deployed in s 7 of the MHCTA) and “arrest” (as utilised in
other provisions involving the use of police powers such as s 64 of the
Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CPC”)). A person is apprehended
under s 7 of the MHCTA when he is compelled to accompany a police officer to
be examined by a medical practitioner. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCS at para 54.

31 The AG further contends that a police officer need not receive a formal
report that the person apprehended is suffering from a medical disorder. It is
pedantic to consider this as a separate matter when s 7 of the MHCTA requires
a police officer to believe that the person apprehended is “dangerous to
himself or other persons by reason of mental disorder”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DCS at paras 56–57.

Instead, the court should consider whether the apprehending officer honestly
believed the person apprehended is dangerous to himself or other persons by
reason of mental disorder and thereafter assess whether the police officer had
reasonable grounds for his belief. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DCS at paras 58, 70.

32 In this connection, danger ought not to be restricted to acts of violence
or imminent threats but encompasses a risk of, or actual harm or threat to the
safety or security of any person or his property. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DCS at para 66.

Mental disorder should similarly be broadly understood, and an apprehending
officer need only apply a layman’s understanding of how mental disorders might
manifest in a person. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DCS at paras 67–68.

33 In support of its position, the AG submits that the parliamentary intent
underlying ss 7, 9 and 10 of the MHCTA is to enable the broad-based
identification of persons who may be mentally disordered, before identifying
the minority of patients who require institutionalisation through the process
of medical assessment. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DCS at para 65.

This can be gleaned from the architecture of the MHCTA 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DCS at paras 63–64.

and the Second Reading of the Mental Health (Care and Treatment) Bill (No 11
of 2008) (“2008 Bill”). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DCS at para 65.

The construction of s 7 of the MHCTA

34 From parties’ submissions, there are four aspects of the section that arise
for potential decision, namely:

(a) Whether and when the police must inform the person apprehended of the
grounds of apprehension.

(b) Whether there must first be a report by someone else to the police officer
to the effect that the person is or appears to be mentally disordered.

(c) Whether the belief that a danger is posed must be held on reasonable
grounds.

(d) How imminent the believed danger must be.

(1) Grounds of apprehension

35 The AG accepts that the person apprehended must be informed of the grounds
of his apprehension but contends that this need only be done as soon as
reasonably practicable. The AG further accepts by analogy with the law
concerning arrest in relation to criminal offences that if the person is not
informed, in substance, of the reason why restraints have been imposed on his
freedom, the apprehending officer may be liable for false imprisonment. The AG
cites the Privy Council decision in Christie v Leachinsky [1947] AC 573.

36 I hold that a police officer who apprehends an individual under s 7 of the
MHCTA must inform him of the broad grounds of apprehension but need only do so
as soon as reasonably practicable. I add that as part of explaining the
purpose of apprehension, the police officer should also explain to him the
next steps, including that the person will be brought for assessment by a
medical practitioner. The rationale for this is not merely the practical one
that it will calm and reassure the person apprehended to know clearly that he
is proceeding to see a doctor and is not under arrest for a criminal offence
but also the point of principle that by virtue of Art 9 of the Constitution a
person is entitled not to be deprived of his personal liberty save in
accordance with law. The individual’s right to refuse to submit to such
deprivation of liberty changes to a duty to submit upon lawful arrest. The
person involved must be told of his arrest and in substance why he is being
arrested so that he then understands he must submit to the arrest. Thus, Art
9(4) of the Constitution requires that where a person is arrested, they be
informed “as soon as may be” of the grounds of arrest.

37 I do not accept Mah’s submission that the grounds of apprehension must be
immediately informed to the person apprehended. This would impose a more
onerous requirement than that of Art 9(4) of the Constitution. It may simply
not be practical to do so immediately. When is as soon as reasonably
practicable depends on the circumstances of the case, including the present
mental state of the person apprehended.

(2) Prior report

38 The phrase “reported to be mentally disordered” used in s 7 of the MHCTA
could in my view bear two interpretations. One is the narrow sense of
“reported” where someone would have had to report to the police officer that
the person was mentally disordered. The second is the broader sense of
“reported” which merely connotes that something appears to be the case but it
has not been proven to be so.

39 In my view, the latter, broader meaning furthers the legislative purpose
while the former narrower one does not. One purpose of s 7 of the MHCTA is
public safety. It serves to protect the public from danger potentially posed
by mentally disordered persons. The other purpose is to protect mentally
disordered persons themselves through the prompt intervention of a police
officer. There is no logic in requiring a police officer to act where a
mentally disordered person is about to harm others if he hears a report of
this from someone else but not where he merely observes and perceives it
himself.

40 Support for not imposing a distinct condition of there being a prior report
may be found in how a similar phrase in the UK Lunacy Act 1890 was construed
by Devlin LJ (as he then was) in the English Court of Appeal decision in
Buxton v Jayne [1960] 1 WLR 783. The phrase used there was “alleged to be of
unsound mind”. The existence of the allegation was, on the face of the
section, a requirement additional to the officer’s belief that the person was
of unsound mind. Devlin LJ suggested that “it would be pedantic to investigate
as a distinct matter whether the person was alleged to be in that condition”
(at 793).

41 My reading of the section is further supported by its legislative history
and by a subsequent amendment to it. In terms of legislative history, prior to
1973, the position was as reflected in the original s 32 of the Mental
Disorders and Treatment Act 1965 (“MDTA 1965”), viz, that police officers had
the duty to apprehend two classes of persons: “all persons found wandering at
large who are reported to be of unsound mind and all persons believed to be
dangerous to themselves or other persons by reason of unsoundness of mind”
[emphasis added]. As explained by Mr Chua Sian Chin (then Minister for Health
and Home Affairs) during the Second Reading of the Mental Disorders and
Treatment (Amendment) Bill (No 32 of 1973) (“1973 Bill”), the provisions
introduced by the 1973 Bill were intended to “bring the law up-to-date in
regard to the admission and detention … of persons of unsound mind in a mental
hospital”. Hence, while “the emphasis in 1934 was on the compulsory detention
of persons of unsound mind … to prevent such persons from causing harm to the
community”, “[t]he modern trend is to regard mental illness in much the same
light as physical illness and disability” and “towards community care” (see
Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (28 August 1973) vol 32 at
col 1274).

42 The two categories were folded into one so that only persons posing a
danger would be subject to apprehension. The first point is that in the first
of the earlier categories of “persons found wandering at large who are
reported to be of unsound mind”, the word “reported” is quite obviously used
in its broader sense. The second point is that folding the two categories into
one eliminated any duty on the part of police officers to apprehend mentally
disordered persons in the community who posed no danger to themselves and
others. The purpose of the amendment was not to limit the previous duty of
apprehending all mentally disordered persons who did pose such a danger by an
additional requirement of some form of prior report to the officer.

43 I note that after the events with which these proceedings are concerned, s
7 of the MHCTA was, from 1 January 2020, amended by s 180 of the Criminal Law
Reform Act 2019 (Act 15 of 2019) to state as follows:

Apprehension of mentally disordered person

7.––(1) It shall be the duty of every police officer or special police officer
to apprehend any person believed to be dangerous to himself or such other
persons and such danger is reasonably suspected to be attributable to a mental
disorder and take the person together with a report of the facts of the case
without delay to ––

(a) any medical practitioner for an examination and the medical practitioner
may thereafter act in accordance with section 9; or

(b) any designated medical practitioner at a psychiatric institution and the
designated medical practitioner may thereafter act in accordance with section
10.

(2) For the purposes of and without limiting subsection (1) ––

(a) a police officer’s or special police officer’s reasonable belief that a
person is doing or about to do an act which is dangerous to himself is
sufficient basis for the police officer’s or special police officer’s
reasonable suspicion that the danger to that person is attributable to a
mental disorder; and

(b) “special police officer” has the same meaning as in section 2 of the
Police Force Act (Cap. 235).

44 This amendment entailed two changes. First, the element of a report was
removed. Secondly, the element of belief that the danger existed by reason of
mental disorder was changed to its being reasonably suspected to be
attributable to a mental disorder. While the relevant purpose or Parliamentary
intention is to be found at the time the law was enacted (Tan Cheng Bock v
Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 at [35]), a later amendment may sometimes
shed light on how the earlier version should be construed. This amendment was
largely clarificatory. Its removal of the phrase “reported to be” simply
showed that it was not a separate or distinct element, but an unneeded phrase
that meant nothing more than “apparent”.

(3) Belief held on reasonable grounds

45 Turning to whether the police officer’s belief must be held on reasonable
grounds, I agree, as the AG has accepted, that he must not only subjectively
and honestly believe that the person apprehended poses a danger to himself or
others because of his mental disorder but must also have reasonable grounds
for that belief. Those reasonable grounds are to be assessed in terms of a lay
person’s general understanding. Further, the fact that the section is phrased
in terms of a “duty” and not a “power” underlines the legislative concern with
public safety, and enjoins a court to give considerable latitude to the police
officer’s consideration of reasonable grounds.

46 I return to the legislative history to note one further point. A change
took place in 1985. Section 7 of the MHCTA broadened the category of persons
to whom it might potentially apply. Where s 32 of the Mental Disorders and
Treatment Act 1985 (Cap 178, 1985 Rev Ed) (“MDTA 1985”) and its predecessors
used the phrase “unsoundness of mind”, s 7 uses the phrase “mental disorder”.
Where “unsound mind” was not defined in the MDTA 1985 (or the earlier
provisions), the introduction of “mental disorder” in s 7 of the MHCTA was
accompanied by a broad definition of “mental disorder” in s 2 of the MHCTA
(see [27] above). During the Second Reading of the 2008 Bill, then Minister
for Health, Mr Khaw Boon Wan (“Minister Khaw”), explained the change. He noted
that the MHCTA defined mental disorder “very widely” because “mental disorder
covers a very wide range of mental illnesses” and “the objective of [the] Bill
is to ensure that those mentally ill patients who require institutionalised
psychiatric care are accorded prompt treatment” (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (15 September 2008) vol 85 at cols 93–94).

(4) Danger

47 The AG has contended that it is sufficient if there is danger to property.
I do not agree. The provision makes no mention of property damage. Thus, the
danger apprehended must be to person. Danger to others however extends beyond
the risk of actual physical harm to behaviour that is threatening or grossly
invasive of personal space. This would include running at people or moving
into close proximity with another person and then shouting. Indeed, if any
actual damage to property occurs this may reasonably be perceived in the
circumstances as a precursor to violence against persons and so found a belief
that the person who has damaged property is a danger to others.

48 I also consider that the use of the word “danger” implies a degree of
imminence, ie, that without the police officer’s intervention such behaviour
is likely to occur within a short time, which I would consider to be a matter
of hours rather than days.

49 The legislative history to s 7 of the MHCTA supports my reading that the
word “dangerous” in the provision conveys an imminent risk of physical harm to
persons. The Mental Disorders Ordinance 1935 was “probably modelled on the
provisions of the Mental Treatment Act, 1930, of England and Wales” (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (28 August 1973) vol 32 at col 1274),
which in turn amended several provisions of the Lunacy Acts 1890 to 1922 and
the Mental Deficiency Acts 1913 to 1927 that do not presently concern us.
Pertinently, s 32 of the Mental Disorders Ordinance 1935 marked a departure
from s 15 of the Lunacy Act 1890, which I reproduce below:

Lunacy Act, 1890

Lunatic wandering at large to be brought before a justice.

15.––(1.) Every constable and relieving officer and every overseer of a parish
who has knowledge that any person (whether a pauper or not) wandering at large
within the district or parish of the constable, relieving officer, or overseer
is deemed to be a lunatic, shall immediately apprehend and take the alleged
lunatic, or cause him to be apprehended and taken, before a justice.

(2.) Any justice, upon the information upon oath of any person that a person
wandering at large within the limits of his jurisdiction is deemed to be a
lunatic, may by order require a constable, relieving officer, or overseer of
the district or parish where the alleged lunatic is, to apprehend him, and
bring him before the justice making the order, or any justice having
jurisdiction where the alleged lunatic is.

50 Thus, s 15 of the Lunacy Act 1890 did not stipulate that the person
apprehended must be believed to be dangerous but merely that a constable
(among specified others) might apprehend a lunatic, defined as “an idiot or
person of unsound mind”, if he is “wandering at large”. The requirement that
the person apprehended be believed to be dangerous in s 32 of the Mental
Disorders Ordinance 1935 was only introduced in that Ordinance. To this
extent, the English jurisprudence surrounding the Lunacy Act 1890 is of
limited utility. Of much greater import are the parliamentary debates on the
local Ordinances and Acts.

51 Of such parliamentary debates, those on the 2008 Bill are particularly
instructive concerning what is meant by the word “danger”. Then Member of
Parliament for Jurong Group Representation Constituency, Mdm Halimah Yacob,
sought clarification on what constitutes dangerous behaviour for the purpose
of s 7 of the MHCTA. In response, Minister Khaw stated that “[d]angerous
behaviour may include arming oneself with a knife or other sharp object,
threatening others, or putting oneself in a precarious position, for example,
climbing out of the window to stand on the parapet”. At the same time, “[s]ome
of [the] social nuisance does not equate to dangerous behaviour [but] simply
means that the person is unwell” (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (15 September 2008) vol 85 at cols 68, 104–105). It is
noteworthy that Minister Khaw cited instances where an individual poses a risk
of imminent physical harm to himself or others as examples of dangerous
behaviour and contrasted this with “social nuisance”. This supports the
natural meaning of “danger” which connotes something more than socially odd or
eccentric behaviour that makes others feel uncomfortable. There must be a
reasonably imminent risk of physical harm to the person apprehended or others.

Whether Mah was informed of the grounds of his apprehension

52 It is undisputed that Ong informed Mah of the grounds of his apprehension
twice: first in the police car from Suntec City to the RLU and after Mah
arrived at the carpark of the RLU. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DCS at para 109.

In terms of timing, the first was about seven minutes after the apprehension,
and the second a further 11 minutes later.

53 Mah contends that it was improper for Ong to have informed him of the
grounds of his apprehension only after he had been apprehended. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PCS at para 74.

On the other hand, the AG submits that Ong did so as soon as reasonably
practicable given that Mah had resisted apprehension 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DCS at paras 110–111.

. The AG also submits that it was sufficient for Ong to notify Mah that he was
being arrested for “unsound mind”. This captures the substance of an
apprehension under s 7 of the MHCTA. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DCS at para 112.

54 In my view, if Rosli had honestly and reasonably believed Mah to be
dangerous, then it would have been lawful to inform him of the ground of his
apprehension as Ong did only once he was in the police car, around seven
minutes into the journey. I accept that Rosli had originally intended to do so
himself once Mah had kept his things following the search of his bag, but that
Mah’s agitation led to the assessment that he be apprehended first and that
the grounds would be told to him only once he was safely in the police car. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DCS at para 111.

Whether Rosli honestly and reasonably believed Mah to be “dangerous to himself
or other persons by reason of mental disorder”

55 I now turn to the central question of Rosli’s belief. Mah submits that
Rosli neither honestly nor reasonably believed Mah to be dangerous to himself
or other persons by reason of mental disorder. He contends that there was no
proof that he pulled a child’s hair. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PCS at paras 16–17.

The complaint related to Mah’s act of touching the child’s head. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PCS at paras 56–57.

Further, Rosli’s claim that Mah spat into a plastic bag was undermined by the
fact that Ong did not find a plastic bag containing saliva at the RLU as well
as contradicted by the BWC footage. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PCS at paras 13–14.

Mah also did not provide inconsistent responses to Rosli 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS at paras 29–30.

and his act of placing his identity card on the bench ought not to have been
construed as a symptom of mental disorder. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PCS at paras 36, 40–42.

56 There was also no proof, in Mah’s submission, that these acts stemmed from
a mental disorder. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS at paras 24–27, 38–39.

Mah suggests that Rosli apprehended Mah because of animus against him. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PCS at para 43.

Mah suggests that Rosli became annoyed with him because he refused to directly
hand his identity card to Rosli and instead placed it on the bench. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PCS at paras 44–45.

57 The AG submits that Rosli honestly believed Mah to be dangerous by reason
of mental disorder. The complainant informed Rosli that Mah had touched her
son’s head and did not look mentally well. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCS at paras 72–73.

Rosli’s assessment that Mah was agitated, fidgety, defensive and incoherent
was supported by the BWC footage 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DCS at para 73(b).

and repeated by Rosli to the duty Investigating Officer and his team leader
over two phone calls. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCS at para 73(c).

Although Rosli stated that the complainant accused Mah of pulling her son’s
hair in an affidavit filed on 13 September 2017, he may not have recalled the
details of what the complainant told him with complete accuracy. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DCS at para 76(b); AB at p 302 (para 8).

There is also no reason for Rosli to lie about Mah spitting into a plastic
bag. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DCS at para 87.

In any event, Rosli already believed that Mah was dangerous to children by
reason of mental disorder before the spitting incident. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DCS at para 88.

58 The AG contends that Rosli’s belief that Mah was dangerous to other persons
was founded on reasonable grounds. Mah was reported to have violated the
bodily integrity of a stranger’s four-year-old child 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DCS at paras 79–80, 83.

and Rosli personally observed Mah’s erratic behaviour and inconsistent
responses. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCS at para 84.

59 I start by noting that a police officer is not required to verify a
complaint received before acting on it. In this case, Rosli was plainly
entitled to assume the truth of the complaint in investigating it further by
speaking to Mah. In then evaluating whether Mah was dangerous by reason of any
mental disorder, he was entitled to take into account the complaint made.

60 In my view, I must then assess how it came to be that Rosli claimed in his
affidavit dated 13 September 2017 that Mah was “mumbling to himself at times”,
an assertion that he later withdrew. The AG urges 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DCS at paras 98–99.

me to find that this was just a lapse of memory occurring when he made that
affidavit, and thus not relevant to the question of the honesty and
reasonableness of his belief at the time the apprehension took place on 7 July
2017.

61 The AG’s submission is supported by the fact that Rosli did not say that
Mah was “mumbling to himself” during his radio call to his superiors. Rosli’s
transcribed description given to his superiors of Mah’s behaviour is brief to
the point of inarticulacy, saying only “he a bit seven also … got … a bit …
don’t know la … this guy”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AB at p 114.

62 However, I cannot accept that the assertion that Mah was “mumbling to
himself” was only made by Rosli two months later. A case note made by Dr Eng
Yong Tai Leonard (“Dr Eng”) from IMH on 8 July 2017 at 12.43pm 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

P3.

recorded that he was told by IO Tan that “when police spoke to him on site –
he was non-responsive and mumbling to himself” and “hence, they arrested him –
as he’s mumbling to himself and not of sound mind”. IO Tan testified when
questioned about this that there was a call but he could not recall whether he
said this. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

10/8/22 NE 75–76.

I find that he did say what was recorded by Dr Eng and that this assertion
must have ultimately come from Rosli as the person who spoke to Mah on site.
It may have come indirectly via Ong, as IO Tan testified that he did not speak
directly to any of the arresting officers. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

10/8/22 NE 76–77.

Importantly, this case note made the day after shows not only that Rosli had
asserted that Mah was “mumbling to himself” but that this fact was considered
by IO Tan to be relevant to the assessment whether Mah had any mental
disorder.

63 My conclusion is supported by common sense. Being agitated, defensive or
inconsistent may well be the responses of a person of perfectly sound mind who
is questioned by the police. It was the element of mumbling to himself that
indicated to persons untrained in psychiatric disorder that Mah might be
suffering from a mental disorder.

64 I find that Rosli made up the observation that Mah was “mumbling to
himself” and made it on the night of the apprehension. This was not his only
embellishment. Rosli also claimed that Mah spat into a plastic bag but this
was not captured on the BWC footage nor was any plastic bag containing spit
found later. I do not accept the AG’s submission that such a despoiled bag
might have been in Mah’s bag but was overlooked by the police when they
searched it at the lock up. Rosli further claimed that Mah described himself
as “OCD”. Mah has denied doing so. No such description was captured on the BWC
footage although there were some interactions that were not captured because
the battery apparently ran out. However, on this point I again accept Mah’s
account. Having heard Mah both as witness and litigant-in-person, this is not
the sort of description Mah is likely to have applied to himself. Moreover, it
is hard to see how a person describing themselves as OCD would fortify even a
lay person’s belief that that person was dangerous by reason of mental
disorder.

65 I conclude that Rosli did not have an honest belief that Mah was a danger
to other persons by reason of mental disorder. I find that Mah’s behaviour as
shown in the BWC footage did not suggest that he was dangerous to others, and
as far as soundness of mind is concerned only showed a degree of eccentricity
falling far short of appearing mentally disordered. Such eccentric mannerisms
however can come across as disrespectful to someone lacking experience or
perspective. I find on a balance of probabilities that Rosli, knowing that he
had no power to arrest Mah for the matter complained of because it was not an
arrestable offence, took a dislike to Mah for his apparently disrespectful
conduct, including not handing his identity card directly to him. This is what
motivated him to come up with the assertions that Mah was mumbling to himself
and spat into a plastic bag.

Whether Rosli is nonetheless entitled to rely on s 25(1) of the MHCTA

66 Mah’s position is that Rosli is not entitled to rely on s 25(1) of the
MHCTA as he had acted in bad faith. In particular, Mah contends that Rosli
made up the claim that Mah was mumbling to himself as a pretext to apprehend
Mah. There was no evidence that Mah was mumbling to himself. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCS at para 7.

Yet this assertion was apparently made by IO Tan to Dr Eng. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PCS at para 9; P3.

67 The AG accepts that if Rosli did not genuinely believe Mah satisfied the
requirements for apprehension under s 7 of the MHCTA, this constitutes bad
faith and Rosli would be unable to rely on the defence under s 25(1) of the
MHCTA. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DCS at para 92.

That is indeed my finding, and consequently Rosli is not entitled to rely on s
25(1) of the MHCTA.

Issue 2: Whether s 7 of the MHCTA enjoins the police to take Mah immediately
to a medical practitioner

68 Mah submits that s 7 of the MHCTA enjoins the police to take Mah
immediately to IMH (or Singapore General Hospital) after he was apprehended.
He should not have been brought to the RLU. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PCS at para 20.

69 The AG submits that an officer need not bring a person apprehended to IMH
in the shortest possible time. This would be inconsistent with the police
officer’s choice of bringing the person apprehended to “any medical
practitioner” under s 7 of the MHCTA. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DCS at paras 128, 131.

Moreover, Parliament contemplated that the police can develop procedures to
ensure that a person apprehended under s 7 of the MHCTA is safely in custody
before referring him for medical assessment and treatment. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DCS at para 130.

In this regard, Superintendent Tan Yong Liang, Assistant Director of the SPF’s
Frontline Policing Division, attested that the police generally will not send
an person apprehended to an ordinary hospital or clinic as these premises may
not have adequate security measures in place. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS at para 129.

70 Rather, under s 7 of the MHCTA, the apprehending officer should take steps
from the point of apprehension to bring the person apprehended to a doctor,
without neglecting him or keeping him waiting for reasons unrelated to his
arrest. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DCS at para 128.

It is undisputed that Mah was brought to see Dr Lin at the RLU. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DCS at para 129.

71 I accept the AG’s contention on this issue. In principle, bringing an
apprehended person to see the medical practitioner at the RLU complies with
the requirements of the section. He saw Dr Lin, the medical practitioner who
was on duty, within an hour of his arrival at the RLU. However, there is a
further question of whether he ought to have been treated like a person under
arrest for a criminal offence while at the RLU, including by being searched, a
point which I consider below at [88].

72 Nonetheless, before leaving this topic, I must note four peculiarities in
Dr Lin’s medical report dated 12 September 2017. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AB at pp 291–292.

First, in his medical report written more than two months after seeing Mah
(during which time by his own reckoning 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

10/8/22 NE 30.

he would have seen many persons apprehended under s 7 of the MHCTA, roughly “a
couple every day”), he wrote that Mah “did not seem to be making sense in his
conversation and was constantly talking to himself” when no such observation
is found in his notes made on 7 July 2017. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Dr Lin’s AEIC at pp 7–9.

I did not believe his explanation 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

10/8/22 NE 33.

that somehow he recalled this particular case and so added a critical detail
from memory that was not in his contemporaneous note. Apart from my
observation of his demeanour when he gave this explanation, the CCTV footage
did not support the assertion that Mah was constantly or even sometimes
talking to himself. Although there is no sound, Mah appears to look at Dr Lin
throughout and seems to be conversing with Dr Lin, as Dr Lin acknowledged
after reviewing the footage in court. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

10/8/22 NE 37–38.

Secondly, he omitted from his report that Mah complained to him of pain in his
abdomen instead saying that he “had no other complaints”. In fact, the CCTV
footage shows that Mah did speak to Dr Lin about his abdomen as Dr Lin can be
seen examining his abdomen. Dr Lin acknowledged this upon reviewing the
footage. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

10/8/22 NE 34–35.

Thirdly, Dr Lin described Mah as being “ambulant with a normal gait” when the
footage shows that Mah was supported throughout by two police officers and Dr
Lin appears to have had no real opportunity to observe him walking unaided
with a normal gait. Fourthly, the duration of Dr Lin’s examination is given as
11 minutes from 10.19pm until 10.30pm, when based on the CCTV footage Mah was
in the consultation room for only three minutes and six seconds.

73 While the question of Dr Lin’s good faith is not strictly material to the
outcome of this case, and he is also not a party to the proceedings, I
consider that Dr Lin’s inclusion in his medical report that Mah “did not seem
to be making sense in his conversation and was constantly talking to himself”
raises the concern that he may have embellished his report after the fact to
justify Mah’s apprehension by the police. The scheme of the MHCTA depends on
the integrity of the medical practitioner just as much as it depends on the
integrity of the apprehending officer.

Issue 3: Whether Mah suffered personal injury or damage to his property

Whether Mah was punched in his abdomen when he was apprehended

74 Mah claims that he was punched in the abdomen when he was apprehended. He
points to the CCTV footage of him experiencing pain in his abdomen at the RLU
as evidence of this. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCS at para 61.

He also submits that he suffered physical injuries on his hand as a result of
his apprehension. Mah contends that these injuries cannot be justified as
Mah’s apprehension was unlawful. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PCS at para 18.

75 In response, the AG submits that the arresting officers did not punch Mah
in the abdomen. Mah’s claim is unsupported by the BWC footage. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCS at para 118, 120; AB at pp 278–279.

While Mah claims that the punch caused him lasting pain and prompted him to
visit Dr Lin, this could not be believed. Mah only visited Dr Lin more than
one hour after the purported punch and did not voice or exhibit any signs of
discomfort before this. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCS at paras 121–122.

76 Relatedly, the AG contends that Mah has not proven that the bruises on his
forearms or upper arms were sustained during his time in police custody. The
photographs of these bruises were taken two days after the police handed
custody of Mr Mah to IMH 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DCS at paras 123–124; 11/8/22 NE 3.

and Dr Wing did not note any injuries on Mah’s arms when she examined him at
IMH on 8 July 2017. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DCS at para 124, AB at p 284.

As for the abrasions on Mah’s wrists, these are minor and arose from the
course of apprehending Mah, who was resisting arrest. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

DCS at para 126.

77 A punch to the abdomen if it happened would exceed the reasonable force
required to apprehend Mah. I accept that he did complain to Dr Lin about pain
in his abdomen. However, having reviewed the BWC footage of the apprehension
and heard the testimony of Mah as well as those officers who apprehended him,
I do not find that he was punched. I also do not find that he suffered
substantial bruising. To the extent that he suffered minor bruising or minor
abrasions, this flowed from the apprehension itself. As I have held that the
apprehension was unlawful, his suffering them must be considered when I assess
damages.

78 I would add that this does not mean that Mah did not feel discomfort or
pain, including in his abdomen, and may have attributed this wrongly to a
punch rather than simply to his being forcibly restrained in a manner that
would have been lawful had the apprehension itself been lawful.

Whether Mah suffered injury to his head, wrists and arms while he was escorted
between cells in the RLU

79 Mah further claims that he suffered injury to his head, wrists and arms
while he was escorted between cells in the RLU. He claims that he hit his head
against the door to Cell 24P after Special Constabulary Corporal Shaik Tofiq
s/o Sheik Rashid (“Tofiq”) handcuffed him through the slot in the cell. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PCS at para 63.

He also claims that Tan intentionally injured his wrist and arms while
escorting him between Cells 24P and 30S. Mah is seen examining his wrists
after returning from Cell 30S. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

PCS at para 62.

80 The AG denies that Mah sustained any injuries to his head, wrists and arms.
Tofiq and Special Constabulary Corporal Thong Zhi Kang attested that Mah kept
holding out and withdrawing his hands through the slot in the cell door while
they attempted to handcuff him. For this reason, Tofiq had to hold onto Mah’s
hands through the slot long enough for Mah to be handcuffed. While Mah
forcefully withdrew his hands thereafter, he did not hit his head against the
cell door. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

DCS at para 149.

Their testimony is supported by the CCTV footage 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

DCS at para 150.

and the fact that Mah did not inform Dr Wing about this purported head injury
when she examined him at IMH. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DCS at para 152.

In a similar vein, the CCTV footage shows that Tan did not pull Mah’s
handcuffs or pinch Mah while escorting him between cells in the RLU. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DCS at paras 156–161.

81 On this point, the CCTV footage does not support Mah’s allegations. For
this reason, I do not find that they have been made out. Mah simply
experienced discomfort and marking of his skin from the ordinary manner in
which handcuffs are used. I specifically find that Tan did not intentionally
injure Mah while escorting him.

Whether Mah consented to Teo searching his bag and accessing his mobile phone
outside Suntec City

82 Mah does not deny that he consented to Teo searching his bag and accessing
his mobile phone outside Suntec City. However, he submits that his consent was
vitiated by Rosli’s threat of arrest. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PCS at paras 70–71.

83 The AG submits that Rosli informing Mah that he would be brought back to
the police station if he did not cooperate did not vitiate Mah’s consent. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DCS at paras 48–49.

84 The difficulty in the AG’s submission on this point is that the complaint
received by the police against Mah was not of an arrestable offence nor was
there any submission that Mah was otherwise subject to arrest without warrant
pursuant to s 64 of the CPC. If he was, then it would be different. A police
officer who considers that he is entitled to lawfully arrest someone may
properly suggest to that person that he voluntarily open his bag or turn out
his pockets so that such cooperation may resolve the police officer’s concerns
and eliminate the potential grounds for arrest. It is not right however to
threaten an arrest if the police officer knows he is not entitled to make an
arrest.

85 Moreover, searching Mah’s bag and accessing his mobile phone had no bearing
on any assessment of whether he was had any mental disorder.

Whether Ong searched Mah’s bag without lawful justification at the RLU

86 Mah’s claim that Ong searched his bag without lawful justification at the
RLU is premised on his claim that the police ought to have taken Mah directly
to a medical practitioner, and not to the RLU. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

PCS at para 75.

87 Contrastingly, the AG contends that a police officer may search an
individual apprehended under s 7 of the MHCTA under s 78(1) of the CPC. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

DCS at paras 140–142.

Further authority may be found in reg 11(3) of the Prisons (Police Lock-ups)
Regulations 2013. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

DCS at paras 140, 144.

88 The difficulty with the AG’s submission is that s 78(1) of the CPC applies
only to arrests under or without warrant and not to an apprehension under s 7
of the MHCTA. There is nothing in the MHCTA that authorises the police to
search an apprehended person. In my view, bringing Mah to the RLU should have
been for the purpose of his seeing a medical practitioner at the RLU or as a
brief holding point before seeing a designated medical practitioner at IMH or
elsewhere. He should not have been treated as if he had been arrested for a
criminal offence, and so he and his bag should not have been searched without
his consent.

Whether Rosli damaged the zipper of Mah’s bag

89 Turning to Mah’s claim that Rosli damaged the zipper of his bag, Mah
submits that this is evidenced by the fact that the zipper was in working
condition before but not after his encounter with the police. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

PCS at para 68.

90 The AG denies Mah’s claim. Ong and Syahirah’s BWC footage show that Rosli
did not touch Mah’s bag after Mah was apprehended. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DCS at para 134.

Nor did Rosli touch Mah’s bag before Mah’s apprehension. On the contrary, he
asked Mah to pack up his things when informing him of his arrest. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DCS at para 135.

This is also supported by Ong’s testimony that he was able to zip and unzip
Mah’s bag normally at the RLU. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DCS at para 136; Ong’s AEIC at [33].

91 In view of the BWC footage that I have reviewed, I do not find that this
allegation has been proved.

Issue 4: Whether the police’s responsibility for Mah’s detention ended upon
his transfer to IMH

92 In relation to Mah’s claim that the police prevented the IMH staff from
discharging Mah, Mah contends that the doctors and nurses at IMH informed him
that they could only release him with the police’s permission. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

PCS at para 65.

The IMH staff were also coloured by the fact that IO Tan informed Dr Eng that
Mah was mumbling to himself, when this was false. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PCS at para 66.

93 The AG submits that Mah has not adduced any evidence to support his claim
that the police had control over Mah’s detention at IMH. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

DCS at paras 164–166.

94 In general, the police’s responsibility ends upon conveyance of an
apprehended person to IMH. It is also clear that in this case IMH after
appropriate follow up including observing Mah for no more than a reasonable
period reached the conclusion that Mah was not suffering from mental disorder
and should not be detained further.

Issue 5: Damages in relation to Mah’s claims that have been made out

95 Mah claims damages for all his pleaded causes of action. Mah proposes the
sum of $4,620.95. He arrives at this figure by reference to what an individual
who was wrongly arrested on four occasions in Malaysia, was awarded in
compensation. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PCS at para 80.

96 The AG accepts that Mah may in principle claim general damages for false
imprisonment, assault and battery. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

DCS at paras 170–173.

The AG suggests that if the claims are made out Mah is entitled to general
damages of not more than $15,000 in respect of his false imprisonment claim
and not more than $4,000 in respect of his claims of assault and battery. This
accords sufficient weight to the superficial nature of his injuries. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

DCS at paras 176–177.

That said, Mah should not be awarded any damages in relation to his purported
mental suffering. He has not adduced sufficient evidence to establish this
head. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

DCS at paras 178–180.

97 The AG also suggests that Mah is entitled to nominal damages of $1 in
respect of each of his other claims. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

DCS at paras 181–184.

He should, moreover, not be awarded aggravated damages. Mah’s allegations that
the police acted arbitrarily and oppressively formed the basis of his claims
and do not give rise to an enhanced claim for aggravated damages. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

DCS at paras 185–188.

In any case, as I have noted at [22], Mah did not pursue punitive or
aggravated damages.

98 Of Mah’s claims I have accepted that he was unlawfully apprehended and
that, even if he had been lawfully apprehended, he and his bag were not
subject to search in the same way as for a person arrested under the CPC. I
would dismiss the rest of his claims.

99 I award Mah general damages of $20,000 for false imprisonment. In relation
to this figure which is higher than that put forward by the AG, I have taken
into account Mah’s being handcuffed and kept in a police cell, rather than
taken directly to IMH, an alternate course of action which would have been
less stressful for him than what took place. I have also taken into account
the minor abrasions caused during the apprehension and the marks caused by the
handcuffs as part of their ordinary use. Lastly, I have also considered the
invasions of his privacy when his bag was searched and his mobile phone
accessed.

Costs

100 Mah has succeeded against Rosli but failed against Tan. I will hear
parties on costs, and prior to the hearing, parties are to file submissions of
no more than ten pages in length within 14 days.

Conclusion

101 The MHCTA places a duty on police officers to apprehend persons believed
to be a danger to themselves or others by reason of mental disorder. It is an
important duty that safeguards the public interest, and particularly public
safety. It depends on police officers doing their duty in good faith. While
latitude must be given to police officers who after all are not medically
trained and have to fulfil their duty under operational conditions, I am
satisfied that in this case there was an individual lapse on the part of the
police officer concerned that resulted in Mah being falsely imprisoned, albeit
for less than a day.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge|  
---|---  
  
The plaintiff in person;

Joel Chen Zhi’en, Beulah Li Sile and Ho Jiayun (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 Jan 2023 (12:22 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

