Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 165

Criminal Case No 40 of 2018

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Hashim Bin Ismail  
---|---  
(2)| Jayacelan A/L Kerusnan  
(3)| Azuin Bin Mohd Tap  
(4)| Kumaran Kesawan  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Hashim bin Ismail and others

  

[2023] SGHC 165

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 40 of 2018  
Pang Khang Chau J  
15-18, 22-25 May 2018, 13-16, 20-21 August 2019, 1 March 2022, 25 August 2022

12 June 2023

Pang Khang Chau J:

Introduction

1 This is the joint trial of four accused persons, each of whom stood trial
for one charge of trafficking in five packets containing 2,298.7 g of
granular/powdery substance which was analysed and found to contain not less
than 97.02 g of diamorphine (“the Drugs”). The four accused persons are:

(a) Hashim bin Ismail, a Singaporean male, born in 1965 (“Hashim” or “the 1st
Accused”);

(b) Jayacelan a/l Kerusnan, a Malaysian male, born in 1982 (“Jayacelan” or
“the 2nd Accused”);

(c) Azuin bin Mohd Tap, a Singaporean male, born in 1970 (“Azuin” or “the 3rd
Accused”); and

(d) Kumaran Kesawan, a Malaysian male, born in 1967 (“Kumaran” or “the 4th
Accused”).

Overview of the parties’ cases

The Prosecution’s case

2 It is the Prosecution’ case that the four accused persons were involved in
the delivery of the same five packets of controlled drugs in a relay,
beginning with Kumaran bringing the Drugs into Singapore from Malaysia and
ending with Azuin picking up the Drugs from the open-air carpark next to Sim
Lim Tower (“the Carpark”). Specifically, the Prosecution alleged that: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 4.

(a) Kumaran, who worked as a trailer driver delivering cement from Malaysia to
Singapore, brought the Drugs into Singapore in the early hours of 9 July 2015
in a red plastic bag (“the Plastic Bag”). After arriving at his destination
for delivery of cement at Tuas Megayard, Kumaran left the Plastic Bag at the
passenger side of his trailer’s cabin with the passenger side door unlocked,
before going to the back of the cabin to rest while waiting for his turn to
unload his trailer.

(b) Jayacelan then approached Kumaran’s trailer, opened the passenger side
door, collected the Plastic Bag, and rode in his motorcycle to the Carpark. He
was captured on the Central Narcotic Bureau’s (“CNB’s”) surveillance video
footage (“the video footage”), as well as seen by CNB officers surveilling the
Carpark, to have placed the Plastic Bag in an open dustbin (“the Open
Dustbin”) before riding out of the Carpark.

(c) Hashim was standing a few metres away when Jayacelan placed the Plastic
Bag in the Open Dustbin. He approached the Open Dustbin about two minutes
later, took the Plastic Bag out of the Open Dustbin and then placed it on the
floor next to a closed dustbin (“the Closed Dustbin”) about ten metres away.

(d) A few minutes later, Azuin arrived and approached Hashim. Hashim pointed
at the Plastic Bag and walked away. Azuin picked up the Plastic Bag and left
the Carpark on foot, stuffing the Plastic Bag into a sling bag he was
carrying.

3 Shortly thereafter, CNB officers arrested Azuin and Hashim in the vicinity
of the Carpark. Jayacelan was arrested at his workplace later the same day.
Kumaran was arrested at the Woodlands Checkpoint as he attempted to leave
Singapore.

4 The Plastic Bag was recovered from Azuin’s sling bag together with five
black taped bundles, each containing a packet of granular/powdery substance.
The five packets of granular/powdery substance were analysed and found to
contain a total of not less than 97.02g of diamorphine.

Kumaran’s case

5 Kumaran did not deny that he brought the Plastic Bag into Singapore. He also
did not deny that he knew the Plastic Bag contained five black bundles.
Kumaran’s defence was that he did not know that the five black bundles
contained diamorphine. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Kumaran’s Closing Submissions at paras 141–146, 150–153.

Kumaran testified that he brought the Plastic Bag into Singapore at the
request of one Raja, and that he was told by Raja that the Plastic Bag
contained some high value electronic items, like electronic chips, for which
tax had not been paid.

Jayacelan’s case

6 Jayacelan did not deny collecting a red plastic bag from Kumaran’s trailer
at Tuas Megayard, and placing the plastic bag in the Open Dustbin at the
Carpark. He testified that he did this at one Sutha’s request, who told him
that he was transporting “black money”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at paras 4(1) and 4(2).

7 Jayacelan submitted that the Prosecution had failed to prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that the plastic bag he collected from Kumaran’s trailer and
placed in the Open Dustbin was in fact the Plastic Bag (containing the Drugs)
which Hashim retrieved from the Open Dustbin and which Azuin was arrested
with. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at para 72.

In the alternative, he submitted that he did not know that the Plastic Bag
contained diamorphine.

Hashim’s case

8 Hashim did not deny the charge against him. Instead, he sought only to
establish that his involvement in the offence was restricted to the acts
described in s 33B(2)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1973 (Cap 185, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“MDA”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Hashim’s Closing Submissions at paras 5–7.

(For brevity, I shall refer to these acts as acts of a “courier”.) When called
upon to enter his defence, Hashim elected to remain silent.

Azuin’s case

9 Azuin did not deny the charge against him. His defence focused entirely on
establishing that he was eligible for the alternative sentencing regime under
either s 33B(1)(a) or s 33B(1)(b) of the MDA. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Azuin’s Closing Submissions at para 2.

The applicable legal principles

10 Section 5 of the MDA provides:

Trafficking in controlled drugs

5.—(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person,
on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other
person is in Singapore —

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

…

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

The term “traffic” is defined in s 2 of the MDA to include “give, administer,
transport, send, deliver or distribute”.

11 The charges against Kumaran and Hashim alleged that they had trafficked in
a controlled drug by delivering the Drugs contrary to s 5(1)(a) of the MDA.
The charge against Jayacelan alleged that he had trafficked in a controlled
drug by transporting the Drugs contrary to s 5(1)(a) of the MDA. The charge
against Azuin alleged that he had trafficked in a controlled drug by having
the Drugs in his possession for the purposes of trafficking contrary to s
5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA.

12 The required elements to establish a charge of trafficking under s 5(1)(a)
of the MDA are (see Raj Kumar s/o Aiyachami v Public Prosecutor and another
appeal [2022] 2 SLR 676 at [54]):

(a) the act of trafficking, without authorisation, in a controlled drug; and

(b) knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug, which can be proved or
presumed pursuant to s 18(2) of the MDA.

13 The elements to be established for a charge of possession for the purposes
of trafficking under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA are (see Muhammad
Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2014] 3 SLR 721 at
[59]):

(a) possession of a controlled drug (which may be proved or presumed under s
18(1) of the MDA, or deemed under s 18(4) of the MDA);

(b) knowledge of the nature of the drug (which may be proved or presumed under
s 18(2) of the MDA); and

(c) proof that possession of the controlled drug was for the purpose of
trafficking which was not authorised.

14 This distinction between the elements required to establish a charge
brought under s 5(1)(a) of the MDA and the elements required to establish a
charge brought under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA had also been
recognised in cases such as Public Prosecutor v Ranjit Singh Gill Menjeet
Singh and another [2017] 3 SLR 66 (at [34]), Public Prosecutor v Ramesh a/l
Perumal and another [2017] SGHC 290 (at [25]) and Public Prosecutor v Ramdhan
bin Lajis and another [2018] SGHC 104 (“Ramdhan") (at [30]–[31]).

15 Given that Kumaran and Jayacelan both denied knowledge that the Plastic Bag
contained diamorphine, the Prosecution invoked the presumption of knowledge of
the nature of the drug under s 18(2) of the MDA against them. As the Court of
Appeal explained in Obeng Comfort v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 633 (“Obeng
Comfort”) (at [36]):

… if an accused is either (a) proved to have had the controlled drug in his
possession; or (b) presumed under s 18(1) of the MDA to have had the
controlled drug in his possession and the contrary is not proved, the
presumption under s 18(2) that he has knowledge of the nature of the drug
would be invoked. This follows because an accused person, who, it has been
established, was in possession of the controlled drug should be taken to know
the nature of that drug unless he can demonstrate otherwise. To rebut the
presumption in s 18(2), the accused must prove, on a balance of probabilities,
that he did not have knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug (in
effect, that he did not have the mens rea of the offence). In Dinesh Pillai
a/l K Raja Retnam v PP [2012] 2 SLR 903 (“Dinesh Pillai”), this court observed
(at [18]) that the accused can do so by showing that “he did not know or could
not reasonably be expected to have known the nature of the controlled drug”.

[emphasis added]

16 Further as noted by the Court of Appeal in Harven a/l Segar v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 771 (at [17]):

17 In every instance where an accused claims that he did not know that what he
was carrying contained drugs, the court will have to carefully scrutinise all
the pertinent facts – this being a highly fact-sensitive inquiry – in
determining whether he has discharged the burden of rebutting the presumption
of knowledge, including (inter alia) his background, how he received the
drugs, how they were packed and how he handled or dealt with them. Ultimately,
what the court is concerned with is the credibility and veracity of the
accused’s account and how believable that account is.

[emphasis added]

An accused person who simply does not bother or does not want to know what
drugs or even what goods he is going to carry will not be able to rebut the
presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA: Public Prosecutor v Gobi
a/l Avedian [2019] 1 SLR 113 at [35]; Gobi a/l Avedian v Public Prosecutor
[2021] 1 SLR 180 (“Gobi (2021)”) at [67] and [68]. In Gobi (2021), the Court
of Appeal affirmed that this is because of the need to give full purposive
effect to the policy underlying the MDA, which is to stem the threat that drug
trafficking poses (citing Tan Kiam Peng v Public Prosecutor [2008] 1 SLR 1 at
[23]–[28]).

The case against Kumaran (the 4th Accused)

17 As noted above, Kumaran did not deny that the red plastic bag he brought
into Singapore was the Plastic Bag containing the Drugs, which Azuin was
arrested with. In Kumaran’s initial set of written submissions, he accepted
that he had been in possession of the Drugs while transporting the Plastic Bag
containing the Drugs from Skudai into Singapore. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Kumaran’s Closing Submissions at para 148.

Although there were some passages in Kumaran’s final set of written
submissions which appeared to question the chain of custody, Kumaran did not
actually submit that the Prosecution had failed to establish the chain of
custody. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Kumaran’s Further Submissions at para 9 to 10 and 42.

In any event, for the reasons given at [32]–[37] below in relation to the case
against Jayacelan, I was satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the red
plastic bag which Kumaran brought into Singapore was the Plastic Bag
containing the Drugs.

18 Consequently, I found that Kumaran was in possession of the Plastic Bag
containing the Drugs, with the result that the presumption under s 18(2) of
the MDA was triggered. The burden therefore fell on Kumaran to prove, on the
balance of probabilities, that he did not know the Plastic Bag contained
diamorphine.

Kumaran’s account of events

19 In Kumaran’s cautioned statement, he said that he transported the Plastic
Bag because he “needed money”, he did not know the bundles contained drugs,
and he thought “it was some expensive things inside”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

P125 (AB 360).

20 In the statement he gave on 12 July 2015, Kumaran said that on 8 July 2015,
he received a phone call from one Raja, asking him to collect five “stones”
from a grass patch near a rubbish area in Skudai, Malaysia. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

P121 at para 9 (AB 307).

He explained that he referred to the black bundles as “stones” because that
was the term Raja used. He first met Raja about two months before the date of
the offence. Raja approached Kumaran in a coffee shop in Skudai and asked him
if he was a lorry driver. When Kumaran replied in the affirmative, Raja asked
Kumaran if he could help deliver stuff into Singapore. Kumaran was suspicious
that Raja was asking him to deliver illegal items, and rejected Raja. Raja
approached Kumaran at the same coffee shop again about two weeks later. This
time, Kumaran gave Raja his phone number as Raja said he could help Kumaran
secure a better job. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

P121 at para 17 (AB 309)

About three weeks later, Kumaran received a phone call from Raja asking if he
wanted a job with a better pay. Raja said that he heard that Kumaran was
facing financial difficulties and that he could help Kumaran financially.
After Kumaran replied “yes, I needed money”, Raja told him that he would be
informed “if there is good news”. Three days later, Raja again called Kumaran
and proposed that if Kumaran could help him deliver things, Kumaran would be
paid RM 300 for one “stone”. When Kumaran asked what these “stones” were, Raja
replied that they contained “some taxable electronic items”. When Kumaran
pressed further, Raja replied that “it is some cheap item, just don’t open it
up”. Kumaran agreed to do the delivery as Raja was prepared to pay RM 300 per
“stone”. On the day Kumaran agreed to the delivery, Raja came to meet him and
passed him a Nokia handphone and a SIM card. Raja told Kumaran that he would
contact him through this phone, and instructed him not to use his own
handphone to contact Raja. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

P121 at para 18 (AB 309); Kumaran’s Closing Submissions at paras 47–48.

Kumaran added that he did not know exactly what the “stones” contained because
he had never opened them up. He admitted that, although he knew it was some
illegal stuff, he “did not want to open up and see”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

P121 at para 22 (AB 311).

21 Kumaran made three such deliveries for Raja before the delivery which
constituted the offence he was charged with in the present case. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

P121 at paras 19 to 21 (AB 310–311).

Kumaran said he did not know much about Raja as he had only seen Raja three
times. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

P121 at para 23 (AB 311).

22 In the statement he gave on 13 July 2015, Kumaran said he thought he was
“just bringing in items that avoid taxation”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

P122 at para 33 (AB 315).

Kumaran also explained that, although the “stones” contained items which felt
like sand to him, he thought “duty-free electronic items may be hidden
within”. He still decided to deliver the “stones” because of the money.

23 At trial, Kumaran said that he got to know Raja through one Kesavan, a
close friend who had worked in the same company as Kumaran and was “like a
younger brother”. One day, Kesavan called Kumaran and asked to meet him at a
coffee shop. At this coffee shop, he then introduced Kumaran to Raja. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE (25 May 2018) 40:13–23; Kumaran’s Closing Submissions at para 57(d).

Kumaran trusted Raja because he trusted Kesavan. Kumaran added that he agreed
to help Raja “not for the money”. He would only keep a small part of the
payment and give the rest of the money to Kesavan because he wanted to help
Kesavan out. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE (13 August 2019) 35:11–20.

As for what the “stones” contained, Kumaran said at trial that they were
“chips” and that the items were “very valuable”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE (13 August 2019) 16:23–26.

Evaluation of Kumaran’s credibility

24 Kumaran’s account of what he thought the “stones” contained was not
consistent. In his cautioned statement, he failed to give details about what
he thought the “stones” contained other than a vague reference to “some
expensive things”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

P125 (AB at 360).

In his statement of 12 July 2015, it became “some taxable electronic items”
which Raja described as “cheap item”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

P121 at para 18 (AB 309).

In his statement of 13 July 2015, Kumaran admitted that the “stones” felt like
granular/powdery substance, which he described as “[felt] like sand”. However,
he somehow chose to believe that some electronic items could be hidden within
the granular/powdery substance. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

P122 at para 33 (AB 315).

At trial, Kumaran finally zeroed in on what sort of electronic items he
thought he was transporting by using the word “chips” for the first time. He
claimed that Kesavan, not Raja, had told him that the things he would be
transporting were “chips” and that no tax had been paid on the items. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE (13 August 2019) 14:3–14; Kumaran’s Closing Submissions at para 63.

25 Kumaran tried to smoothen out the discrepancy between his account at trial
and his statements by alleging that he had said “chips” in his 12 July 2015
statement but this was wrongly recorded as “cheap”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE (25 May 2018) 43:23–44:9; NE (13 August 2019) 41:20–30.

However, as Kumaran gave his statement in Tamil and not English, and the
statement was read back to him in Tamil, this explanation is not credible
because, unlike in English, the word in Tamil for “chips” does not sound like
the word in Tamil for “cheap”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE (13 August 2019) 41:31–42:5 and 60:15–61:4.

26 Kumaran did not mention Kesavan in the statements he gave in 2015, soon
after the offence. The first time he mentioned Kesavan was in a statement he
gave on 3 April 2018, almost three years after his arrest and about a month
before trial was due to commence. I agreed with the Prosecution that this late
introduction of Kesavan in Kumaran’s story was an afterthought, aimed at
plugging a gap in his story concerning why he was so trusting of Raja as to be
prepared to transport what he knew to be illegal items without opening up the
packages to check what they actually were. The crux of Kumaran’s defence at
trial was that he trusted Kesavan who told him that he would be delivering
“chips” (for which tax was unpaid). At trial, Kumaran referred to the earlier
statements he gave in 2015 and explained that he had mentioned Raja’s name and
“hidden” any information of Kesavan because he wanted to “protect” Kesavan. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE (13 August 2019) 15:9–14.

However, during cross-examination, Kumaran admitted that he knew, at the time
of giving his statements in 2015, that in order to prove his innocence, it
would be important to tell the CNB officers about his complete trust and faith
in Kesavan: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE (13 August 2019) 33:22–34:2.

Q: Do you agree that in order to prove your innocence or to show that you are
innocent, it was very important, in fact, central to your defence, to tell the
CNB at the very start why you agreed to bring the items into Singapore? And
that is because you had complete trust and faith in Kesavan. That is the
cornerstone of your defence.

A: Yes.

Q: Yet, we do not see that faith that you had in Kesavan in any of your CNB
statements, except for this statement that was recorded almost 3 years’ later.
Am I right?

A: No one told me that I should provide this information. In fact, I thought
about it myself and I decided to tell the PTC Court in 2017 about this
information.

[emphasis added]

He also admitted that by the time he was arrested and charged, he had already
suspected that he had been taken advantage of by persons in Malaysia,
including Kesavan: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE (13 August 2018) 34:7–10.

Q: Now, when you were arrested and when---after you were charged, did it cross
your mind that you had been taken advantage of by certain people in Malaysia
and that Kesavan could be one of them?

A: Yes.

Q: Now, despite this occurring to you, why did you choose to protect Kesavan
if you think you had been taken advantage of by others, including him?

A: I don’t know how---I do not know how to answer that.

27 Looking at the evidence in totality, I found Kumaran’s account to lack
credibility. I therefore held that Kumaran had failed to rebut the presumption
under s 18(2) of the MDA on the balance of probabilities.

Conclusion on the case against Kumaran

28 For the reasons given above, I found that the Prosecution had proven its
case against Kumaran beyond reasonable doubt, and convicted Kumaran of the
charge against him.

The case against Jayacelan (the 2nd Accused)

29 As noted above, Jayacelan did not deny collecting a red plastic bag from
Kumaran’s trailer. In his contemporaneous statement, he identified the trailer
by registration number. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

P110 at Q/A5 (AB 240).

In his long statement recorded on 13 July 2015, he identified Kumaran’s
trailer by photograph. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

P120 at para 28 (AB 292).

Jayacelan also admitted to placing this plastic bag in the Open Dustbin at the
Carpark. However, he submitted that the Prosecution had not established beyond
reasonable doubt that the plastic bag he placed in the open Dustbin was the
Plastic Bag which Hashim picked up from the same dustbin. He also claimed that
he thought the plastic bag contained “black money” and not controlled drugs.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at paras 4(1), 4(2) and 72.

Whether Jayacelan transported the Plastic Bag containing the Drugs

30 Jayacelan submitted that there was a break in the chain of custody of the
Drugs. He pointed out that the Open Dustbin was in an open-air carpark to
which members of the public had access. This meant that there could have been
other items in the Open Dustbin before Jayacelan placed the red plastic bag in
it. This also meant that the red plastic bag which Hashim took out from the
Open Dustbin could have already been inside the Open Dustbin before Jayacelan
placed a red plastic bag in it. In other words, Jayacelan suggested that there
was a possibility that there was more than one red plastic bag involved and
the red plastic bag retrieved by Hashim was not the one placed in the Open
Dustbin by Jayacelan. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at paras 68–71.

Jayacelan noted that two of the CNB officers who witnessed him placing a red
plastic bag in the Open Dustbin (ie, PW11 Muhammad Faizal bin Bahrain and PW12
Chin Chee Hua) agreed that they could not say that the plastic bag taken out
of the Open Dustbin by Hashim was the plastic bag which Jaycelan placed in the
Open Dustbin. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE (16 May 2018) 51:1–4, 68:2–19.

31 As for the testimony of Senior Station Inspector (“SSI”) Tony Ng (PW 25)
that he looked into the Open Dustbin after Hashim’s and Azuin’s arrest, and
did not see any other plastic bag inside, Jayacelan submitted that this was a
lie because SSI Tony Ng did not mention this in his conditioned statement. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at paras 64–65.

As for the testimony of the investigation officer Acting Inspector Victor Yeo
(“IO Yeo”) that he looked into the Open Dustbin after arriving at the scene
and found no “suspicious items or bundle, plastic bags inside the dust bin”,
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE (22 May 2018) 16:17–21.

Jayacelan submitted that IO Yeo’s inability to recall with precision what the
contents of the Open Dustbin was when giving evidence in court indicated that
he did not really look into the dustbin. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at para 66.

He further submitted that as IO Yeo did not empty the entire contents of the
trash bag in the Open Dustbin and take a photograph of its contents, there was
a possibility that the red plastic bag placed by Jayacelan inside the Open
Dustbin “may well have been lying at the bottom of the dustbin”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at para 70.

Finally, although Hashim stated in his contemporaneous statement that he did
not see any other plastic bags in the Open Dustbin, Jayacelan submitted that
this statement should be given no weight as Hashim did not give evidence in
court and so could not be cross-examined on his statement. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at para 55(a).

32 I did not accept Jaycelan’s submission that the Prosecution had failed to
establish beyond reasonable doubt that the plastic bag he placed in the Open
Dustbin was the Plastic Bag which Hashim picked up from the same dustbin. In
this regard, it is useful to recall that not all doubts about the
Prosecution’s case are reasonable doubts. As noted in Jagatheesan s/o
Krishnasamy v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 (“Jagatheesan”), at [51],
“[o]ne must distinguish between a ‘real and reasonable’ doubt and a ‘merely
fanciful’ doubt”. Jagatheesan went on, at [53], to cite with approval the
dictum of Wood JA in R v Brydon (1995) 2 BCLR (3d) 243 that a reasonable doubt
is “a doubt for which one can give a reason, so long as the reason given is
logically connected to the evidence”.

33 In the present case, it was not in dispute that both the plastic bag
transported by Jayacelan and the plastic bag retrieved by Hashim were red in
colour. Nor was it disputed that both were tied at the top. Further, Kumaran
testified that the plastic bag which he left on the passenger side of his
trailer, to be collected by a person (subsequently established to be
Jayacelan) contained five black bundles. The red plastic bag retrieved by
Hashim also contained five black bundles.

34 Hashim retrieved a red plastic bag from the Open Dustbin within a couple of
minutes after Jayacelan placed a red plastic bag in it. No one else approached
the Open Dustbin to place or take out another red plastic bag from it during
the period between Jayacelan placing a red plastic bag in the Open Dustbin and
Hashim taking a red plastic bag out of it.

35 As for Jayacelan’s suggestion that the red plastic bag collected by Hashim
could have already been in the Open Dustbin before Jayacelan placed his red
plastic bag inside, it is pertinent to note that, as captured on the video
footage, even though Hashim arrived at the Carpark before Jayacelan, he waited
near the Open Dustbin and watched Jayacelan place a red plastic bag in the
Open Dustbin before approaching it to take out the red plastic bag. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

P114; NE (22 May 2018) 22:5–22.

Had Hashim’s intention been to retrieve some other plastic bag that had been
placed in the Open Dustbin before Jayacelan’s arrival (as suggested by
Jayacelan), Hashim would have started searching through the Open Dustbin once
he arrived at the Carpark, instead of waiting for Jayacelan to arrive and
place a plastic bag in the Open Dustbin.

36 The call records for Hashim’s phone number showed that there were a number
of calls to and from Jayacelan’s phone number over the course of June and July
2015. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Jayacelan’s Closing Submission at para 26; AB 528–529.

Jayacelan admitted that one of the calls made on 25 June 2015 was to
coordinate delivery of “black money” on behalf of Sutha on a previous
occasion. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE (24 May 2018) 23:17–27.

Jayacelan also admitted that on the day of the offence, 9 July 2015, he called
Hashim’s number at 5.25am to inform that he was bringing the “black money”.
The records also showed Hashim making a call to Jayacelan at 5.57am that day.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB 528

This corresponded with the time Hashim was seen entering the Carpark. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Conditioned Statement of Muhammad Faizal bin Bahrain at para 6 (AB 248).

Jayacelan testified that he could not remember whether he received or answered
this call, much less the contents of the call. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE (25 May 2019) 8:1–14.

What this shows is that, even though Jayacelan and Hashim may not have met or
known each other personally, they were communicating with each other to
coordinate delivery of some illicit item (which Jayacelan claimed he believed
to be “black money” and which the Prosecution alleged were controlled drugs).
This proves that Hashim was waiting for a delivery from Jayacelan, and the red
plastic bag transported by Jayacelan was intended for Hashim. There were
simply no other plastic bags involved.

37 The evidence recounted in the preceding three paragraphs point inevitably
and inexorably to the conclusion that the plastic bag transported by Jayacelan
was the same plastic bag retrieved by Hashim. Any suggestion that these were
two different plastic bags does not rise above the level of casting merely a
fanciful doubt. I therefore found that the Prosecution had proven beyond
reasonable doubt that Jayacelan transported the Plastic Bag, containing the
Drugs.

Whether Jayacelan knew the nature of the Drugs

38 As I have found that Jayacelan was transporting the Plastic Bag containing
the Drugs, and therefore in possession of the Drugs, the presumption under s
18(2) of the MDA was triggered. The burden therefore fell on Jayacelan to
prove, on the balance of probabilities, that he did not know the Plastic Bag
contained diamorphine.

Jayacelan’s account of events

39 As noted above, Jayacelan’s case was that he was asked by one Sutha to
collect the Plastic Bag from Kumaran’s trailer and drop it into the Open
Dustbin at the Carpark. According to Jayacelan, he first got to know Sutha
about two months before the date of the offence at a coffee shop in Malaysia
through a mutual friend, Suresh. At this very first meeting with Sutha, Suresh
informed Jayacelan that Sutha was involved in money laundering. As Jayacelan
ran a freelance business installing CCTVs in Malaysia, he gave his name card
to both Suresh and Sutha and asked them to refer potential customers to him.
About a week later, Sutha referred the first customer to Jayacelan. In all,
Jayacelan received three referrals from Sutha and did not pay any commission
or reward to Sutha for his referrals. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

P119 at paras 11–13 (AB 288); Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at paras 7–8.

40 Sometime later, Jayacelan received a call from Sutha asking whether
Jayacelan was going into Singapore for work the next day. Sutha asked this
because he knew that Jayacelan commuted between Malaysia and Singapore daily
for work. When Jayacelan indicated that he was going into Singapore, Sutha
asked Jayacelan for a favour, which was to collect a plastic bag from a
Malaysian trailer in Tuas and then to place it in a specific dustbin at the
Carpark. Jayacelan asked what would be in the plastic bag, to which Sutha
replied that it was “undeclared money” relating to Sutha’s money laundering
activities. Sutha explained that he asked Jayacelan because he could not find
anyone else to help. Jayacelan agreed to help because he felt indebted to
Sutha for the three customers Sutha referred to him. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

P119 at paras 13–14 (AB 288–289); Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at para 9.

This was the delivery of “black money” on 25 June 2015 referred to at [36]
above.

41 On 8 July 2015, Jayacelan received another call from Sutha asking for the
same favour. Jayacelan again asked what would be in the plastic bag, and Sutha
again replied that it was “undeclared money”. Jayacelan agreed to help again
this time, but told Sutha that this would be the last time and Jayacelan would
not help Sutha with such deliveries again. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

P119 at para 17 (AB 289); Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at para 10.

This was the delivery on 9 July 2015 which formed the subject matter of the
charge against Jayacelan.

42 Although Jayacelan had only met Sutha once and spoken on the phone with him
twice, Jayacelan testified that he trusted Sutha because Sutha had referred
three customers to Jayacelan. During cross-examination, it was evident that
Jayacelan simply did not bother or did not want to know the nature of the
goods he was transporting. He admitted that he had not enquired further when
Sutha told him that he would be delivering “black money” and simply accepted
Sutha’s explanation at face value, on both occasions of delivering the “black
money” in Singapore. In relation to the first occasion he delivered “black
money” for Sutha (ie, on 25 June 2015), Jayacelan gave the following answers
in cross-examination: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE (24 May 2018) 53:23–54:4.

Q: Now when he told you it was black money, did you ask for any more details
as to---about this black money?

A: No, Your Honour.

Q: Did you ask him how much black money, for instance, is involved?

…

A: No, Your Honour.

Q: Did you ask him whose black money this is?

A: No, Your Honour.

Q: Did you ask him what currency it is in?

A: No, Your Honour.

Q: So the moment he said it was black money, you just accepted his explanation
at face value?

A: Yes, Your Honour.

In relation to the second occasion (ie, the occasion of the offence charged in
the present case), Jayacelan gave the following answers in cross-examination:
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE (24 May 2018) 58:25–59:3.

Q: Now again for this second occasion, you never asked him for any details
about this black money, and by that I mean you never asked him how much it
contained, what currency.

A: Yes, Your Honour.

Q: You also never asked him what would happen if you were arrested or detained
by the Singapore police or Malaysian police---sorry, Singapore police.

A: No, Your Honour.

Q: And again for the second occasion, you had ample opportunity to open the
red plastic bag and check its contents, but you did not do so.

A: Yes, Your Honour.

43 Jayacelan highlighted the following matters which he believed helped
demonstrate his lack of knowledge: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at para 51.

(a) He had a drug-free background.

(b) He was aware of Singapore’s tough drug laws.

(c) He was not promised or paid any money for the favour he did in
transporting the plastic bags.

(d) He carried the Plastic Bag unconcealed in the basket at the front of his
motorcycle.

(e) He was married with young children.

(f) He had a stable job in Singapore which he had been doing for 13 years. He
also ran two businesses on the side in Johor Bahru and worked part time as a
pub manager.

(g) He had a total monthly income of RM 14,000 to RM 15,000, and was not in
financial difficulties.

Given these factors, Jayacelan submitted that he would not have knowingly
risked destroying everything by agreeing to transport drugs for Sutha.

Evaluation of Jayacelan’s credibility

44 The first point to note was that Jayacelan did not mention his “black
money” or “undeclared money” defence in his contemporaneous statement.
Instead, he stated in his contemporaneous statement that he did not know what
the contents of the plastic bag was. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

P110 at Q/A6 (AB 241).

At trial, he gave two inconsistent explanations for this. During examination-
in-chief, Jayacelan said he was “shocked” to be arrested by CNB when he was
under the impression that all he did was to transport “black money”, not
drugs. That was why he said he did not know what was in the Plastic Bag. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE (24 May 2018) 25:22–29.

During cross-examination, Jayacelan said that he initially told the officer
taking his contemporaneous statement, Staff Sergeant Meenambikhai Arul (“SSgt
Meenambikhai”), that he was transporting “black money”. However, the officer
did not accept his answer and insisted that he was transporting drugs. That
was when he decided to simply say he did not know. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE (24 May 2018) 60:18–61:24.

45 This claim that SSgt Meenambikhai refused to record Jayacelan’s answer was
not put to her during her testimony. Counsel for Jayacelan’s cross-examination
of SSgt Meenambikhai was brief and consisted simply of clarifying SSgt
Meenambikhai’s handwriting in the contemporaneous statement. Further, SSgt
Meenambikhai’s evidence in her conditioned statement was that after the
contemporaneous statement was recorded, she had read back the statement to
Jayacelan in Tamil and had “invited him to make any amendment, deletion or
addition”, which he declined to do so. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PS40 (AB 238–239)

Again, SSgt Meenambikhai was not cross-examined on this point. I therefore
rejected Jayacelan’s claim that he had raised the “black money” defence when
giving his contemporaneous statement, but this was not recorded down.

46 I also did not find credible Jayacelan’s claim that he trusted Sutha, a
person whom he had known for only two months and whom he had met only once,
simply because Sutha had referred three customers to Jayacelan’s CCTV
business. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Jayacelan’s Closing Submissions at paras 11–12.

In fact, Jayacelan admitted at trial that he knew nothing about Sutha except
that he was involved in money laundering. Jayacelan also claimed that he did
not have Sutha’s phone number, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

P120 at para 26 (AB 291).

even though his evidence was that he had spoken to Sutha before on the phone
including on the two occasions when Sutha asked him to help transport “black
money”. According to Jayacelan, Sutha would always be the one contacting him
and would use a private number to do so. As noted above, Jayacelan claimed to
have been introduced to Sutha at a coffee shop through a mutual friend,
Suresh. What was even more incredible was that Jayacelan also admitted at
trial that he did not know Suresh well and he did not even have Suresh’s
number. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE (24 May 2018) 48:1–4.

In the light of this factual matrix, I did not find it credible for Jayacelan
to have any reasonable basis to develop sufficient trust in Sutha to take the
latter’s word concerning “black money” or “undeclared money” at face value
without checking the contents of the Plastic Bag himself.

47 As for Jayacelan’s claim that he was not in financial need, although he
tendered in evidence the business registration certificates of the two
businesses he referred to, he has provided no evidence concerning his income
to substantiate his claim that his total monthly income was in the region of
RM 14,000 to RM 15,000. In any event, this claim that Jayacelan was not in
financial need was neither here nor there—even assuming I accepted his
assertion (which I did not) that he was earning RM 14,000 to RM 15,000 per
month, this raised a question why Jayacelan would be willing to take on the
risk of delivering the supposed “black money” simply because Sutha had
referred three customers to Jayacelan’s CCTV business. Jayacelan explained
that he trusted Sutha because “he’s a good man and he has helped me” and
“because of that gratitude, I helped him”, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE (24 May 2018) 54:23–29.

and this gratitude was premised on Sutha referring three customers to him.
However, Jayacelan testified that he would have made about RM 3,000 in total
from the three referrals, over a period of approximately one and a half
months. He accepted that RM 3,000 was not a very large figure given the income
that he was capable of earning in a month: 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NE (24 May 2018) 51:10–21.

Q: Compared to the income that you make a month, 15,000 Ringgit a month, would
you agree that the 3,000 Ringgit that you made from Sutha’s referral isn’t a
very large figure?

A: Could be, Your Honour.

Q: Could be? What do you mean by “could be”? It is not a very large figure, is
that what you mean?

A: Yes, Your Honour.

Q: In other words, you were not really dependent on Sutha to make a
livelihood, isn’t it, financially?

A: Yes, Your Honour.

Q: In fact, even without his referrals, you would have been doing fine.

A: Yes, Your Honour.

[emphasis added]

48 At the same time, Jayacelan testified that he had been working in Singapore
for the past 13 years and would not have done anything that would result in
being terminated from his employment here. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE (24 May 2018) 46:15–28.

He also knew that he could be “caught” and “fined” for transporting “black
money” in Singapore. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE (24 May 2018) 55:1–20.

Counsel for Jayacelan submitted that “sense of gratitude and trust are highly
subjective personal feelings” and could not be determined by the number of
times two people have met, or whether they could offer certain monetary
benefits to each other. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Jayacelan’s Closing Submission at para 12.

Be that as it may, I found that Jayacelan was unable to offer a credible
explanation for why he would agree to take on the risk of delivering the
supposed “black money” simply because Sutha, whom he was otherwise not close
to, had referred three customers to him.

49 Looking at the evidence in totality, I found Jayacelan’s account to lack
credibility, and therefore held that he had failed to rebut the presumption
under s 18(2) of the MDA on the balance of probabilities.

Conclusion on the case against Jayacelan

50 For the reasons given above, I found that the Prosecution had proven its
case against Jayacelan beyond reasonable doubt, and convicted Jayacelan of the
charge against him.

The case against Hashim (the 1st Accused)

51 As noted above, Hashim did not deny the charge against him, and sought only
to establish in his closing submission that his role was limited to that of a
“courier”. Having regard to the fact that Hashim’s only acts were to retrieve
the Plastic Bag from the Open Dustbin and place it on the floor next to the
Closed Dustbin, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at paras 71–72; Hashim’s Closing Submissions
at paras 3–4, 7–9.

I found that Hashim’s involvement in the offence was restricted to the acts of
a “courier”.

52 On the day scheduled for delivery of the verdict, Hashim’s counsel informed
the court that, while trying to take instructions from Hashim earlier that
day, Hashim was unresponsive and did not appear to comprehend what was being
said by counsel to him. Counsel therefore asked that Hashim be remanded for
observation in a psychiatric institution pursuant to s 247 of the Criminal
Procedure Code 2010 (“CPC”).

53 The power under s 247 of the CPC is exercisable only when a court “is
holding or about to hold any inquiry, trial or other proceeding” [emphasis
added]. A question therefore arose as to whether s 247 of the CPC was still
applicable since the defence had already closed its case and made its closing
submission. Having regard to s 230 of the CPC, which describes the procedure
to be followed at trial, I took the view that a trial is not over until either
the accused is found not guilty and acquitted or the accused is found guilty
and sentenced. Since neither of these events had occurred, the power under s
247 of the CPC remained available to the court notwithstanding that the
defence had already closed its case and made its closing submission. I
therefore remanded Hashim for observation in a psychiatric institution
pursuant to s 247(4) of the CPC.

54 The report submitted pursuant to s 247(6) of the CPC indicated that Hashim
did not appear to possess the capacity to follow court proceedings and it was
doubtful whether he could communicate with or instruct his counsel. I
therefore found that Hashim was of unsound mind and incapable of making his
defence. Consequently, I stayed the proceedings against Hashim pursuant to s
248(2) of the CPC and reported the case to the Minister for Law pursuant to s
249 of the CPC. The Minister subsequently ordered that Hashim be confined in
the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) until further notice.

The case against Azuin (the 3rd Accused)

55 Azuin was arrested with the Plastic Bag, containing the Drugs, in his
possession. He was observed on the video footage and seen by CNB officers to
have picked up the Plastic Bag from where Hashim left them, next to the Closed
Dustbin. At trial, Azuin admitted that he was in possession of the Drugs, he
knew he was collecting heroin when he collected the Plastic Bag, and that he
was going to deliver the Drugs to a third party. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE (14 Aug 2019), 19:11–22, 35:2–4.

56 As noted above, Azuin did not dispute the charge against him. The conduct
of his defence focused on establishing that he was eligible for the
alternative sentencing regime under either s 33B(1)(a) or s 33B(1)(b) of the
MDA. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Azuin’s Closing Submissions at para 2.

The alternative sentencing regime under s 33B(1)(a) of the MDA

57 Section 33B(1)(a) of the MDA provides that the court may, instead of
imposing the death penalty, sentence an offender to imprisonment for life and
caning of not less than 15 strokes if he satisfies the requirements of s
33B(2). The requirements of s 33B(2) are that the offender’s involvement in
the offence was restricted to the acts of a “courier” and that the Public
Prosecutor had issued a certificate of substantive assistance in respect of
the offender. It was not disputed that Azuin’s involvement in the offence was
restricted to the acts of a “courier”. However, the Public Prosecutor has not
issued a certificate of substantive assistance in respect of Azuin. As such,
Azuin was not eligible for the alternative sentencing regime under s 33B(1)(a)
of the MDA.

The alternative sentencing regime under s 33B(1)(b) of the MDA

58 Section 33B(1)(b) of the MDA provides that a person convicted of an offence
under s 5(1) shall be sentenced to life imprisonment instead of death if the
requirements of s 33B(3) are satisfied. Section 33B(3) of the MDA reads:

(3) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(b) are that the person
convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that —

(a) his or her involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was
restricted —

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his or her transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub‑paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) he or she was suffering from such abnormality of mind (whether arising
from a condition of arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent
causes or induced by disease or injury) as substantially impaired his or her
mental responsibility for his or her acts and omissions in relation to the
offence under section 5(1) or 7.

59 It was not disputed that Azuin satisfied the requirements of s 33B(3)(a).
As for the requirements of s 33B(3)(b), Azuin submitted that he was suffering
from persistent depressive disorder, opioid use disorder and stimulant use
disorder at the material time, which substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for the offence. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Azuin’s Closing Submissions at paras 81 and 84.

In response, the Prosecution disputed that Azuin was suffering from persistent
depressive disorder. Alternatively, the Prosecution submitted that there was
no evidence that any purported mental disorder which Azuin was suffering from
had substantially impaired his mental responsibility for the offence. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 79.

The applicable legal principles on s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA

60 The Court of Appeal in Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor
and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 216 (“Nagaenthran”) held (at [21]) that an
offender relying on s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA needs to establish the following
cumulative requirements on the balance of probabilities:

(a) first, he had to show that he was suffering from an abnormality of mind
(“the first limb”);

(b) second, that the abnormality of mind: (i) arose from a condition of
arrested or retarded development of mind; (ii) arose from any inherent causes;
or (iii) was induced by disease or injury (“the second limb”); and

(c) third, the abnormality of mind substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions in relation to his offence (“the
third limb”).

While the second limb (ie, the aetiology or root cause of the abnormality) is
a matter largely to be determined based on expert evidence, this is not the
case with the first and third limbs, which are to be determined by the trial
judge as the finder of fact: Nagaenthran at [22].

61 In relation to the first limb, the Court of Appeal in Nagaenthran
reaffirmed (at [23]) the following definition from Regina v Byrne [1960] 2 QB
396 (at 403):

‘Abnormality of mind,’ … means a state of mind so different from that of
ordinary human beings that the reasonable man would term it abnormal. It
appears to us to be wide enough to cover the mind’s activities in all its
aspects, not only the perception of physical acts and matters, and the ability
to form a rational judgment as to whether an act is right or wrong, but also
the ability to exercise the will power to control physical acts in accordance
with that rational judgment.

Whether there is an abnormality of mind is a fact-sensitive inquiry predicated
on what the reasonable man would term as abnormal in all the circumstances.
This is typically analysed in terms of three aspects of the mind’s activities:
the capacity to understand events, judge the rightness or wrongness of one’s
actions, and exercise self-control, as they will inevitably be quite accurate
proxies of the extent of an offender’s ability to exercise his will power to
control his physical acts: Nagaenthran at [24]–[26].

62 In respect of the second limb, the words “(whether arising from a condition
of arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent causes or induced
by disease or injury)” ought to be read restrictively: Nagaenthran at [30].

63 The third limb is concerned with the connection between the offender’s
abnormality of mind and his mental responsibility for his acts or omissions in
relation to the offence. The requirement of substantial impairment means that
there must be a real and material (as opposed to trivial or minimal)
impairment of the accused’s mental state although it need not rise to the
level of amounting to an unsoundness of mind contemplated under s 84 of the
Penal Code. While medical evidence would be important in determining the
presence and/or extent of impairment, whether an offender’s mental
responsibility was substantially impaired is ultimately a question of fact to
be decided by the court based on all the evidence before it. The requirement
of substantial impairment does not entail that the offender’s abnormality of
mind must be the cause of his offending, but merely that it had an influence
on the offender’s actions: Nagaenthran at [33].

Whether Azuin suffered from an abnormality of mind

64 Azuin relied on a report dated 23 July 2018 prepared by his expert witness,
Dr Julie Lam, a consultant forensic psychologist at Forensic Psych Services.
The report concluded that: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

3D1 at para 29.

… Azuin was suffering from Persistent Depressive Disorder (Moderate) (300.4;
DSM-5; APA, 2013), Opioid Use Disorder (Severe) (304.00; DSM-5; APA,2013) and
Stimulant Use Disorder – Amphetamine-type substance (Severe) (304.40; DSM-5;
APA, 2013) at and around the material time. The reading of Amphetamine and
Opiate in his CNB urine test were Over-range after his arrest on 9 July 2015,
which suggested he might have an acute intoxication of Amphetamine and Opiate
at the time of arrest. He reportedly was also high on Alcohol that he could
not remember what happened that day.

65 Dr Lam’s report was prepared based on interviews conducted with Azuin and
two members of his family from May to July 2018, about three years after the
offence. The information provided by Azuin and his family to Dr Lam on which
she based her diagnosis was summarised in the following passages in her
report:

12 In his mental health, he reported chronic depression as a result of his
adverse life circumstances. His elder sister and brother-in-law witnessed
Azuin’s low mood when he stayed with their family from 2011 to 2015. The death
of his mother was a great blow to him as he was very close to her. The failed
marriage and his wife taking his son from him worsened his mood. After his
mother died, he was chased out from his step-father’s flat and became homeless
if not his sister offered him accommodation. He reported no history of self-
harm behaviour. He was involved in fights when he was younger.

…

21 A closer look at the antecedents before his arrest on 9 July 2015 suggested
Azuin was very sad and emotionally charged. After his mother died he felt very
lost and numbed himself emotionally with work. He relapsed into substance use
in mid-2014 and stopped working in late 2014. He sold contraband cigarettes
and also worked as a pimp to support himself. A month before his arrest (June
2015), he moved out from his sister’s place as he did not want to give them
trouble. His sister informed Azuin always looked “very down, cried, kept to
self, and was very depressed.” His brother-in-law thought Azuin was feeling
desperate as he could not find a proper job.

…

30 His mood was worsened by (a) his failed marriage – his wife and son left
him for Indonesia in 2009; (b) the death of his mother in 2011 and he lost his
emotional pillar; (c) his being chased out of the flat by his step-father
after his mother’s death and became homeless; (d) his loss of a stable job as
a deliver man due to geographical distance of this workplace after moving to
his sister’s place; (d) [sic] his inability to find suitable employment to
feel useful; and (e) his relapse into substance use to cope with his negative
emotions and escape from his problems. He was very depressed and upset, and
felt like a total failure. He also found life meaningless, and indulged in
poly-drug use and alcohol to cope.

66 The Prosecution called Dr Kenneth Koh, a senior consultant forensic
psychiatrist at IMH, as expert witness. Dr Koh examined Azuin on 24 July 2015,
30 July 2015 and 3 August 2015 for the purpose of assessing, among other
things, Azuin’s fitness to plead. That assessment was set out in a report
dated 4 August 2015, in which Dr Koh also gave the opinion that, apart from
polysubstance misuse, Azuin had “no other major mental disorder” (“First
Report”). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

P207 at p 3.

Dr Koh’s First Report also specifically noted that there were “no features of
major mood disorders or psychosis”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

P207 at p 2.

After Dr Lam produced her report, the Prosecution sought Dr Koh’s comment on
it. Dr Koh gave his comments in a report dated 18 February 2019 (“Second
Report”). In that report, Dr Koh agreed with Dr Lam that Azuin had opioid use
disorder and stimulant use disorder at the time of the offence. However, he
did not agree that Azuin had persistent depressive disorder at the time of the
offence. Dr Koh noted that the accounts given by Azuin and his sister to Dr
Koh were in sharp contrast to what they told Dr Lam, and that the difference
of opinion between Dr Lam and Dr Koh appeared to have been the result of
“opposing statements” given by Azuin to Dr Lam and Dr Koh. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

P208 at paras 4 and 5.

67 I pause here to note that although both Dr Lam and Dr Koh agreed that Azuin
was suffering from opioid use disorder and stimulant use disorder at the
material time, it was not suggested by Dr Lam or Azuin’s counsel that these
two disorders by themselves would have, independently of the alleged
persistent depressive disorder, resulted in substantial impairment of Azuin’s
mental responsibility. Therefore, the focus of the inquiry at this stage would
be on whether Azuin was suffering from persistent depressive disorder.

68 Dr Koh explained at trial that, during the interviews conducted for the
purpose of the First Report, he had actually assessed Azuin for depressive
disorder or any other mood disorders and found none to be present. Referring
to his clinical notes of the interviews conducted in 2015, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

P210.

Dr Koh testified that Azuin had reported that his mood had been normal in the
preceding three months, his sleep and appetite were alright and, in Azuin’s
own words: “everything ok”. Azuin also told Dr Koh that he had experienced no
passive or active suicidal thoughts, no diminution in concentration and no
loss of interest in life activities. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE (20 Aug 2019) 5:15–6:2.

In addition, Dr Koh observed that Azuin was able to talk freely with him and
did not appear to be hiding anything from him:

Q: What about his attitude to you acting as his psychiatric assessor? Was
there any---how did you describe your lev---his level of comfort with you?

A: He did not seem uncomfortable with me at all. He was able to talk freely
with me. He was able to carry on a normal to and fro conversation. He did not
appear to be guarded or to be hiding anything from me.

69 At trial, the only explanation which Azuin provided for not telling Dr Koh
in 2015 the things which he eventually told Dr Lam three years later was that
his “mental state wasn’t that stable” at the time as he had just recovered
from drug withdrawal: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE (14 August 2019) 29:24–30:27.

Q: And these were quite detailed interviews that Dr Koh conducted? Dr Koh will
be coming to give evidence, so think carefully before you answer.

A: Yes, he---he---he did---he did ask me many questions, but I was quite
indifferent towards his questions. At---when---when I was interviewed by him,
I just recovered from my withdrawal, and at that time, my thoughts were not
stable yet.

Q: … So from the evidence that you have given in your evidence- in-chief, you
are trying to paint the picture that you were very depressed during the time
of arrest. Is that---for want of a better word, “depressed”, would I be right
to describe that?

A: Yes, you can say that.

Q: You were in low spirits?

A: Yes.

Q: You felt useless and hopeless?

A: Yes.

Q: And that contributed to you committing this crime. That’s what you’re
telling us?

A: Yes, Your Honour.

Q: You also---correct me from what---this is what I thought I heard, you felt
like ending your life?

A: Yes, at that time.

Q: Now, none of these has been brought to Dr Kenneth’s attention when he
conducted the various interviews with you. Can you explain why you didn’t tell
him all these things when he interviewed you? Because we’re hearing it for the
first time.

A: At that time, Your Honour, I was---my body has---had not fully recovered.
And my mental state wasn’t that stable.

Q: In fact, I have it in the notes put up by Dr Koh that you did not have any
suicidal thoughts. It’s in his notes.

…

Q: That information can---could only have come from you. You must have told
him you don’t have any suicidal thoughts.

A: Yes, I might have told him that thing. But at that time, my mental state
wasn’t that stable.

[emphasis added]

70 I found this explanation lacking in credibility. Azuin was arrested on 9
July 2015, and was kept under observation in the Changi Prison’s Medical
Complex (“the CMC”) for withdrawal symptoms from 11 to 13 July 2015. By the
time Dr Koh first saw Azuin on 24 July 2015, it was already 15 days since
Azuin’s last drug use and 11 days since Azuin was discharged from the CMC. By
the time Dr Koh was asking Azuin questions about mood symptoms during the
second interview on 30 July 2015, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE (20Aug 2019) 5:26–27.

three weeks had passed since Azuin’s last drug use. Dr Koh’s observation of
Azuin during the interviews was that Azuin was no longer affected by any
withdrawal symptoms and was able to converse properly. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE (20 Aug 2019) 7:12–23; 31:17–32:25.

71 Dr Koh also interviewed Azuin’s sister over the phone on 31 July 2015,
about three weeks after the offence. She reported that Azuin’s mood appeared
normal, he was eating and sleeping well and his behaviour was “essentially
normal”. She also reported that Azuin enjoyed playing with her granddaughter
and he could “laugh, laugh, make a joke”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE (20 Aug 2019) 18:9–12.

72 Given the stark and irreconcilable differences between the account given by
Azuin and his sister to Dr Koh and the account they gave to Dr Lam, I agreed
with Dr Koh that the two factual accounts could not both be true.

73 At trial, Dr Lam agreed that her diagnosis was based largely on Azuin’s
self-reporting of symptoms and corroboration from family members. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE (16 Aug 2019) 24:17–21.

When asked whether, in a case whether the subject chose to lie and the
corroborative witnesses also chose to lie, it would impair her findings, Dr
Lam agreed that it was possible. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE (16 Aug 2019) 27:25–28.

When asked whether Azuin knew the purpose of Dr Lam’s interviews with him, Dr
Lam answered that Azuin knew the purpose would be for assessment to understand
how he was functioning before his arrest. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE (16 Aug 2019) 12:16–26.

Dr Lam also accepted that, at the time she interviewed Azuin, he might have
been aware that, if he was diagnosed with depression, he may not face the
death penalty. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE (16 Aug 2019) 25:29–26:13.

When asked whether someone in Azuin’s position would have an incentive to lie
or embellish the accounts to he gave to her, Dr Lam agreed that it was
possible. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE (16 Aug 2019) 26:26–31.

In fact, Azuin confirmed during his cross-examination that, by the time of his
interviews with Dr Lam, he was aware that he was facing the death penalty and
that he could escape the death penalty by establishing diminished
responsibility. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE (14 Aug 2019) 34:5–12.

74 I also had two observations concerning Azuin’s sister. First, she visited
Azuin about once a month since his arrest. This meant that there would have
been opportunities for Azuin to prime his sister on what to say to Dr Lam, if
Azuin had wanted to. Second, she appeared evasive and inconsistent when asked
during cross-examination about her telephone interview with Dr Koh back in
2015. She initially agreed that she did not mention to Dr Koh that Azuin was
depressed during the interview, but immediately gave the excuse that she “was
not well” at that time. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE (15 Aug 2019) 18:8–18.

When pressed further, she changed her testimony and claimed repeatedly that
she could not remember what she told Dr Koh. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE (15 Aug 2019) 18:19–26.

In a later part of her cross-examination, she spoke about Azuin facing
“pressure in his life”. When confronted with the fact that she did not mention
this to Dr Koh during the telephone interview, she responded that it was
because she “was not well” and so “couldn’t talk much” at that time. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE (15 Aug 2019) 19:11–16.

75 Having observed both Azuin and his sister in the witness box, and having
regard to the matters discussed above, I was convinced that both Azuin and his
sister were lying to Dr Lam when they made claims about Azuin’s mental
condition and symptoms which were diametrically opposed to what they told Dr
Koh. For this reason, I found Dr Lam’s report unreliable and placed no weight
on it. My conclusion in this regard was buttressed by the fact that Azuin had
stated, in his long statement dated 16 July 2015, that he started smoking
heroin and “Ice” again about six months prior to his arrest “for fun” and that
“[t]ill now, I am still smoking ‘Ice’ for fun”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

P129 (AB 387)

Nowhere in his statements did he mention, contrary to what he told Dr Lam,
that he had relapsed into substance misuse after his mother died or because he
wanted to escape from his problems. As to Azuin’s explanation at trial that he
took heroin and “Ice” both for fun, as well as to escape from his problems, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE (14 August 2019) 28:23–29:4.

I found this to be a convenient afterthought.

76 It remains for me to deal with three criticisms levelled against Dr Koh by
counsel for Azuin. The first criticism was that, in comparison to Dr Lam who
spent a total of seven hours interviewing Azuin, Dr Koh only spent a total of
105 minutes doing so, of which merely 30 minutes were devoted specifically to
assessing Azuin for mood symptoms. Counsel submitted that Dr Koh could not
have possibly been able to fully assess Azuin and arrive at an accurate
diagnosis within such a short timeframe. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Azuin’s Closing Submissions at paras 39–41.

In my view, for the court to decide whether to give weight to Dr Koh’s
assessment, the relevant question is not whether Dr Koh had spent more or less
time with Azuin than Dr Lam. Instead, the question is whether Dr Koh had spent
an adequate amount of time and made an adequate level of inquiry to arrive at
his assessment. In this regard, I note that Azuin had not adduced evidence to
demonstrate that the amount of time which Dr Koh spent with Azuin was
insufficient for an accurate assessment to be made. In any event, having
regard to the matters narrated at [67]–[69] above, I was satisfied that Dr Koh
had gone into a significant level of detail during his interview with Azuin
concerning the presence of mood symptoms. I therefore did not find merit in
this first criticism.

77 The second criticism was Dr Koh’s decision not to interview Azuin again
after receiving Dr Lam’s and before issuing his Second Report. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Azuin’s Closing Submissions at para 35.

In this regard, I accepted Dr Koh’s explanation that there was very little
utility in interviewing Azuin again given that Azuin had so dramatically
changed his account between the time Dr Koh first interviewed him and the time
Dr Lam interviewed him. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE (20 Aug 2019) 29:26–30:6.

78 The third criticism was that Dr Koh conducted his telephone interview with
the person whom he believed was Azuin’s sister without verifying the identity
of the person he was speaking to. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Azuin’s Closing Submissions at para 62(ii).

I failed to see how this criticism was in any way relevant, since Azuin’s
sister had confirmed in court that she was interviewed by a doctor over the
telephone at the material time. There could therefore be no reasonable doubt
that Dr Koh was indeed speaking to Azuin’s sister during the telephone
interview which Dr Koh referred to.

79 For the reasons given above, I found that Azuin had failed to establish
that he was suffering from persistent depressive disorder at the material
time, with the result that Azuin had also failed to establish that he was
suffering from an abnormality of mind.

Whether Azuin’s mental responsibility was substantially impaired

80 Given my finding that there was no abnormality of mind, it is strictly not
necessary for me to consider the second and third limbs outlined at [60]
above. Nevertheless, out of deference to the extensive submissions by parties
on the third limb, I will provide some observations on that limb.

81 Azuin relied on the following passage in Dr Lam’s report:

31 We are of an opinion while he was not of unsound mind at and around the
material time, his acute substances and alcohol intoxication, Persistent
Depressive Disorder and Substance Use Disorder (Opiate and Amphetamine) would
have substantially impaired his judgment and decision-making in agreeing to
help collect a package. …

At trial, Dr Lam said during examination-in-chief that the depressive disorder
would have substantially impaired Azuin’s thinking, such that he did not think
about the consequences of his behaviour. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE (16 Aug 2019) 19:15–16.

During cross-examination, Dr Lam explained that the persistent depressive
disorder would have impaired Azuin’s judgement, decision-making and impulse
control. When asked what she meant by “judgement”, Dr Lam explained that she
was referring to whether Azuin should have gone to collect the Plastic Bag. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE (16 Aug 2019) 50:1–5.

82 I did not accept that Azuin’s mental responsibility had been impaired in
any real or material way. There was no evidence linking the alleged moderate
persistent depressive disorder to Azuin’s decision to accept the assignment to
collect and deliver drugs on the day of the offence. First, Dr Lam’s
suggestion that Azuin was operating on “auto-pilot” mode was not borne out by
the evidence. The evidence demonstrated that Azuin was able to decide to
accept the assignment, take a taxi to a bus interchange near the Carpark
before making his way to the Carpark on foot, recognise the person whom he was
supposed to meet and then pick up the Plastic Bag after the person pointed it
out. Second, Azuin gave evidence that he was involved in drug trafficking
because it was lucrative, and that he would not take part in drug trafficking
if the amount of money involved was small. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE (14 Aug 2019) 22:15–23:11.

This demonstrated that Azuin could decide whether to accept or reject a drug
delivery assignment and he had the capacity to evaluate whether the
remuneration to be earned was worth his while to accept the assignment. Taken
together, these showed that Azuin’s mental responsibility was not
substantially impaired.

Conclusion on the case against Azuin

83 For the reasons given above, I convicted Azuin of the charge against him.
In addition, I found that he has failed to establish his eligibility for the
alternative sentencing regimes under either s 33B(1)(a) or s 33B(1)(b) of the
MDA. In respect of s 33B(1)(a), Azuin did not satisfy the requirement of s
33B(2)(b) for a certificate of substantive assistance from the Public
Prosecutor. In respect of s 33B(1)(b), Azuin has failed to establish the
requirements of s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA on a balance of probabilities.

Sentence

84 Having convicted Kumaran, Jayacelan and Azuin, I turned to consider the
sentences to be imposed. As more than 15g of diamorphine was involved, the
prescribed sentence was death.

85 In respect of Kumaran and Jayacelan, I found that their involvement were
restricted to the acts of a “courier”. The Public Prosecutor had also issued
certificates of substantive assistance pursuant to s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA. I
therefore exercised my discretion pursuant to s 33B(1)(a) of the MDA and
sentenced each of them to imprisonment for life. In addition, I sentenced
Jayacelan to 15 strokes of the cane. Kumaran may not be punished with caning
as he had exceeded 50 years of age. Pursuant to s 318 of the CPC, I directed
that their sentences of imprisonment take effect from 9 July 2015, the date of
their arrest.

86 In respect of Azuin, although I found that his involvement in the offence
was restricted to the acts of a “courier”, the Public Prosecutor had not
issued a certificate of substantive assistance pursuant to s 33B(2)(b) of the
MDA and I had not accepted he was suffering from such abnormality of mind as
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and omissions in
relation to the offence pursuant to s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA. Azuin therefore
did not qualify to be considered for the alternative sentencing regimes under
s 33B of the MDA. In the result, I sentenced Azuin to death.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Anandan Bala, Samuel Yap and Theong Li Han (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the prosecution;

Ramesh Chandr Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) and Wee Heng Yi Adrian (Characterist LLC)
for the first accused;

Ram Goswami (Ram Goswami) and Dhanaraj James Selvaraj (James Selvaraj) for the
second accused;

Aw Wee Chong Nicholas (Clifford Law LLP) and Wong Li-Yen Dew (Dew Chambers)
for the third accused;

Allagarsamy s/o Palaniyappan (Allagarsamy & Co) and Krishna Ramakrishna Sharma
(Fleet Street Law LLC) for the fourth accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 13 Jul 2023 (16:32 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

