Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC(A) 1

Civil Appeal No 43 of 2022

Between

(1)| Rodeo Power Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Gorpal Singh Darshan Singh  
(3)| Straits Grid Pte Ltd  
(4)| JS Energy Holdings Limited  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| Tong Seak Kan  
---|---  
(2)| Kensington Park Holdings Limited  
  
… Respondents

grounds of Decision

[Civil Procedure — Interpleader — Appeal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rodeo Power Pte Ltd and others

  
v

  

Tong Seak Kan and another

[2023] SGHC(A) 1

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 43 of 2022  
Woo Bih Li JAD and Debbie Ong Siew Ling JAD  
24 November 2022

5 January 2023

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Background

1 This was an appeal against the decision of a judge of the General Division
of the High Court (“the Judge”) delivered on 4 February 2022 in an oral
judgment (“Oral Judgment”) for four interpleader summonses in respect of
competing claims to shares in various companies.

2 The background to the appeal is as follows. The respondents, Tong Seak Kan
and Kensington Park Holdings Limited are judgment creditors (“the Judgment
Creditors”) of a judgment debtor, Jaya Sudhir a/l Jayaram (“Sudhir Senior”),
pursuant to a judgment in Suit No 724 of 2014 (“the Suit”) on 30 January 2019.
The Judgment Creditors took steps which resulted in the Sheriff of Singapore
(“the Sheriff”) seizing the following shares in various companies registered
in the name of various persons on the basis that the beneficial owner of these
shares was Sudhir Senior (collectively, “the Seized Shares”):

(a) 100,000 shares in Al-Rafidian Holdings Pte Ltd (“the Al-Rafidian Shares”);

(b) 1,000,000 shares in Straits Grid Pte Ltd (“the Straits Grid Shares”);

(c) 57,700,002 shares in Rodeo Power Pte Ltd (“the Rodeo Power Shares"); and

(d) one share in Summit Energy Pte Ltd (“the Summit Energy Share”).

3 In response, four parties filed formal notices of claim for the Seized
Shares. The parties and their respective claims were as follows:

(a) Gorpal Singh Darshan Singh (“Gorpal”), for the Al-Rafidian Shares;

(b) JS Energy Holdings Limited (“JS Energy”), for the Straits Grid Shares;

(c) Straits Grid Pte Ltd (“Straits Grid”), for the Rodeo Power Shares; and

(d) Rodeo Power Pte Ltd (“Rodeo Power”), for the Summit Energy Share.

We refer to these four parties collectively as “the 4 Claimants” and JS
Energy, Straits Grid and Rodeo Power collectively as “the 3 JS Energy
Claimants” who were claiming the shares in Straits Grid, Rodeo Power and
Summit Energy Pte Ltd respectively. We will refer to these three latter
companies collectively as “the 3 Target Companies”.

4 JS Energy is the parent company of the 3 Target Companies (as set out in
Figure 1 below, which is derived from Annex A of the Judgment Creditors’
Points of Claim). However, we should clarify that although Annex A stated that
Rodeo Power is the sole shareholder of Summit Energy, the affidavit of Mr Ng
Beng Loon (“Mr Ng”) dated 25 March 2022 (“Mr Ng’s Affidavit”), filed on behalf
of the Judgment Creditors, stated that Rodeo Power holds one share in Summit
Energy and another company, Summit Financial Pte Ltd, holds one share in
Summit Energy. Before us, counsel for the Judgment Creditors, Mr Kumar
clarified that the corporate structure as described in Mr Ng’s Affidavit is
accurate. We thus set out the correct representation of this structure in
Figure 1 below.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 1

5 At this stage, we stress the importance of the sole share in JS Energy (“the
JS Energy Share”). JS Energy is a company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands and is the ultimate parent company of the 3 Target Companies. The JS
Energy Share is registered in the name of Sudhir Senior’s son Johnathan Jaya
Sudhir (“Sudhir Junior”) who explained that he had purchased the share from
Sudhir Senior. The validity of that purchase is in question. However, that
share was not seized by the Sheriff and Sudhir Junior did not file any formal
claim to it or in respect of any of the shares in the 3 Target Companies
although he would be controlling them through the JS Energy Share if he were
the beneficial owner of that share. We add that any explanation that he gave
was on behalf of the 3 JS Energy Claimants. Sudhir Junior was not a party in
the interpleader proceedings below. These points will be repeated later as
they are crucial, and the relevant parties had overlooked them.

6 In view of the 4 Claimants’ claim, the Sheriff filed interpleader summonses
in the General Division of the High Court on 29 October 2020. On 11 May 2021,
an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) gave directions on these summonses for the
claims to the Seized Shares, with the Judgment Creditors being the plaintiffs
and the 4 Claimants being the defendants. The Judge gave her decision on 4
February 2022 in favour of the Judgment Creditors on the basis that Sudhir
Senior was the beneficial owner of the JS Energy Share and the Al-Rafidian
Shares.

7 The 4 Claimants sought leave to appeal thereafter. This was allowed on two
bases. First, there appeared to be an error on the face of the record in
relation to the AR’s directions on the JS Energy Share. Although there was a
dispute as to whether Sudhir Junior or Sudhir Senior was the beneficial owner
of the JS Energy Share, that share had not been seized by the Sheriff and
Sudhir Junior had not filed a formal claim to it. As already mentioned, Sudhir
Junior was not a party to the interpleader proceedings. Second, there appeared
to be an error on the face of the record in relation to the Judge’s decision
on the Al-Rafidian Shares as well. The Official Assignee of Singapore was not
notified of the interpleader proceedings even though Gorpal appeared to be an
undischarged bankrupt pursuant to two Malaysian court orders. The grounds of
decisions for leave to appeal are set out in Rodeo Power Pte Ltd and others v
Tong Seak Kan and another [2022] SGHC(A) 16 (“the Leave GD”).

The appeal

8 We turn now to the substantive appeal that was before us. Having considered
the parties’ arguments, we allowed the appeal of the 3 JS Energy Claimants and
set aside the Judge’s decision in respect of the JS Energy Share. For the
avoidance of doubt, we also set aside the seizure of shares in each of the 3
Target Companies.

9 We were also of the view that the Judge’s decision in respect of the Al-
Rafidian Shares was irregularly obtained because we subsequently learned,
after the leave to appeal was granted, that Gorpal’s assets vested in the
Director General of Insolvency of Malaysia (“DGI”) and DGI should have been,
but was not, notified of the interpleader proceedings below. However, we noted
that there was no existing application to set aside the Judge’s decision in
respect of the Al-Rafidian Shares and thus concluded that that portion of the
decision still stood for the time being.

10 We now set out the grounds of our decision.

JS Energy Share

11 The Judgment Creditors’ primary submission in relation to the JS Energy
Share was that the parties had proceeded on a certain premise in the
proceedings below. This was that a decision on the nature of the purchase of
the JS Energy Share by Sudhir Junior from Sudhir Senior (ie, whether the
purchase was a sham transaction), would effectively resolve the issue of the
ownership of the 3 Target Companies. Counsel for the Judgment Creditors, Mr
Kumar, thus sought to persuade us that the Judge’s decision on the JS Energy
Share was dispositive of the claims of the 3 JS Energy Claimants for their
respective shares in the 3 Target Companies. We should add that the opponents
of the Judgment Creditors for the shares in the 3 Target Companies were the 3
JS Energy Claimants as Gorpal was only involved in respect of the Al-Rafidian
Shares.

12 Mr Kumar also submitted that the Judgment Creditors’ case had always been
that Sudhir Senior was not only the direct beneficial owner of the JS Energy
Share but that he was also the direct beneficial owner of the shares in the 3
Target Companies. Mr Kumar sought to justify this by pointing us to excerpts
from Mr Ng’s Affidavit which stated that Sudhir Senior beneficially owned and
controlled the 3 Target Companies “through” JS Energy. For context, Mr Ng’s
Affidavit was filed on behalf of the Judgment Creditors for the seizure of
shares in the 3 Target Companies following the conclusion of the Suit.

13 Preliminarily, we found Mr Kumar’s two positions, as set out at [11] and
[12] above, to be contradictory. In so far as Mr Kumar argued that the
decision on the JS Energy Share was dispositive of the claims in the shares of
the 3 Target Companies, that was contrary to the argument that Sudhir Senior
was the direct owner of the JS Energy Share and the shares in the 3 Target
Companies. The decision on the JS Energy Share could only be dispositive of
the “ownership” of the shares in the 3 Target Companies if the focus was on
that one share in JS Energy and it was accepted that through that share,
control of the 3 Target Companies was achieved. However, if the argument was
that Sudhir Senior also beneficially owned the shares in the 3 Target
Companies directly (see Figure 2 below), then the decision on the JS Energy
Share alone could not be dispositive of the shares in the 3 Target Companies.
The court would have had to make separate findings as regards the beneficial
ownership of shares in each of the 3 Target Companies.

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 2

14 In relation to Mr Kumar’s argument that Sudhir Senior was the direct
beneficial owner of the shares in the 3 Target Companies, we were of the view
that this was never the basis of the case of the Judgment Creditors and that
they had in fact proceeded on a different basis in the proceedings below, ie,
that Sudhir Senior was the beneficial owner of the JS Energy Share and it was
through that share that he was controlling the 3 Target Companies.

15 First, there was no basis previously for the Judgment Creditors to assert
that Sudhir Senior was the direct beneficial owner of the shares in the 3
Target Companies as the only information available to them was the company
searches that were made through the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory
Authority. These searches only revealed the corporate structure and some
financial information of the 3 Target Companies but not who the beneficial
owner was, unless the beneficial ownership was revealed from the searches. For
example, Rodeo Power’s audited financial statements for the year ended 31
December 2014 had a note stating that Rodeo Power is a 100% owned subsidiary
of Straits Grid. As it was eventually learned, one person referred to as
Ramesh is the registered holder of all 52,700,002 shares in Rodeo Power but he
holds them on trust for Straits Grid. There was no such information from the
searches stating that Sudhir Senior is the beneficial owner of any of the
shares in the 3 Target Companies. Also, it was Mr Ng who at times conflated
control with direct beneficial ownership (see paragraphs 10–11 of Mr Ng’s
Affidavit). An example of the Judgment Creditors’ reliance on the searches can
be seen at paragraph 6 of Mr Ng’s Affidavit, where he relied on the audited
financial statements of Straits Grid to state that Sudhir Senior is “deemed”
to have an interest in Straits Grid “through” JS Energy. It is thus readily
apparent that Mr Ng was not talking about Sudhir Senior’s direct and
beneficial ownership of the shares in the 3 Target Companies.

16 Second, in relation to Mr Kumar’s argument that the decision on the JS
Energy Share was dispositive of the claims to the shares of the 3 Target
Companies, we explained that such a decision would be dispositive only on the
basis that JS Energy controlled the 3 Target Companies. We also disagreed that
it was the common premise between the parties that Sudhir Senior is the direct
beneficial owner of the shares in each of the 3 Target Companies. Instead, we
observed that the parties had proceeded on the premise that the court need
only rule on who the beneficial owner of the JS Energy Share was, ie, whether
it was Sudhir Junior or Sudhir Senior, as JS Energy controlled the 3 Target
Companies.

17 Hence, the Judgment Creditors’ Points of Claim below only sought a
declaration that the true beneficial owner of the JS Energy Share was Sudhir
Senior. The Judgment Creditors did not seek a declaration that Sudhir Senior
was also the direct beneficial owner of shares in each of the 3 Target
Companies. In our view, and as alluded to at [15] above, this was because the
Judgment Creditors themselves did not have evidence to show that Sudhir Senior
was the direct and beneficial owner of those shares. Sudhir Senior might
control the 3 Target Companies through the JS Energy Share, if he were the
beneficial owner of the JS Energy Share. However, as we explained in the Leave
GD, control should not be confused with beneficial ownership. Indeed, the 3 JS
Energy Claimants also disputed that Sudhir Senior was the direct beneficial
owner of the 3 Target Companies during the interpleader proceedings below.

18 When the Judgment Creditors succeeded below, the Judge only declared that
Sudhir Senior was the beneficial owner of the JS Energy Share without
mentioning the shares in the 3 Target Companies. In fact, the Judge noted at
paragraph 7 of the Oral Judgment that the Judgment Creditors did not dispute
that the shares in the 3 Target Companies were “beneficially owned by JS
Energy”. We understand this to mean “through” JS Energy. In any event, the
Judge’s remark was contrary to the belated allegation by the Judgment
Creditors that the relevant parties had proceeded on the basis that all the
shares in the 3 Target Companies were owned directly and beneficially by
Sudhir Senior.

19 Furthermore, even though the parties proceeded on the premise that the
court need only make a ruling on the beneficial ownership of the JS Energy
Share, the fact of the matter was that this was not rightly an issue on which
the AR could have given directions nor one that the Judge could rule on.

20 As we alluded to in the Leave GD, the background to the directions from the
AR and the decision of the Judge was that the Judgment Creditors had seized
shares in the 3 Target Companies. Consequently, the 3 JS Energy Claimants laid
claim to these shares. The Judgment Creditors had not seized the JS Energy
Share and the registered owner, ie, Sudhir Junior, did not file a formal claim
to it although he did explain that he was the owner of that share. Therefore,
when the Sheriff sought interpleader relief, his application did not extend to
the JS Energy Share.

21 Unfortunately, the AR overlooked this point, and so did the Judgment
Creditors and the 3 JS Energy Claimants, because they were too engrossed over
the JS Energy Share.

22 Likewise, they overlooked the fact that Sudhir Junior was not even a party
to the proceedings. Notably, when the AR gave directions during the
interpleader proceedings as to who should be the plaintiffs and who should be
the defendants, he mentioned only the Judgment Creditors and the 3 JS Energy
Claimants in respect of the JS Energy Share. Sudhir Junior was neither one of
the Judgment Creditors nor one of the 3 JS Energy Claimants. Hence when the
Judgment Creditors filed the Points of Claim, Sudhir Junior was not named as a
party.

23 This was fatal to the Judgment Creditors’ claim that Sudhir Senior is the
beneficial owner of the JS Energy Share. That issue involves a determination
as between Sudhir Senior and Sudhir Junior but the latter was never a party in
the interpleader proceedings. No court can make a finding which affects the
right of a person who is not properly a party before it.

24 The Judgment Creditors sought to overcome this hurdle by arguing that
Sudhir Junior was the real litigant behind the claims of the 3 JS Energy
Claimants. Hence, the Judge made an order of costs against him in respect of
the interpleader proceedings below.

25 We were of the view that it is one thing to make a costs order against a
non-party on the basis that he is the real litigant behind the litigation
conducted by one side. It is quite different to say that he need not be a
formal party to the proceedings when he is the legal owner of the JS Energy
Share who claims also to be the beneficial owner thereof. If the beneficial
ownership of that share is to be properly decided by the court, Sudhir Junior
must be a party before the court. We therefore rejected the Judgment
Creditors’ reliance on the costs order made by the Judge.

26 In summary, the AR, the Judgment Creditors and the 3 JS Energy Claimants
overlooked the fact that the Judgment Creditors had not seized the JS Energy
Share and that Sudhir Junior was not a party in the interpleader proceedings.
These omissions were not drawn to the attention of the Judge who was not in a
position to rule and should not have ruled as to who the beneficial owner of
the JS Energy Share was.

27 In the circumstances, we set aside the Judge’s decision that Sudhir Senior
was the beneficial owner of the JS Energy Share. For the avoidance of doubt,
we also ordered that any seizure of the shares in the 3 Target Companies be
set aside as there was no basis to seize these shares in the first place. As
we mentioned, the Judgment Creditors did not have evidence that Sudhir Senior
was the beneficial owner of the shares in each of the 3 Target Companies.
Rather, they were saying that he controlled them through JS Energy which they
claimed he owned as the beneficial owner of the JS Energy Share.

28 In so far as the 3 JS Energy Claimants sought a declaration from this court
that the 3 JS Energy Claimants hold shares in the 3 Target Companies
respectively as beneficial owners, we declined to make that order. As we
observed at [17] above, the Judgment Creditors had not made that an issue
below and the Claimants did not seek such a declaration below. It was a non-
issue and was thus not properly an issue before us.

29 In so far as these claimants also suggested, as an alternative, that the
matter be remitted for a retrial of the issue pertaining to the JS Energy
Share, we declined to order a retrial because the JS Energy Share was not even
seized in the first place by the Judgment Creditors.

Al-Rafidian Shares

30 We turn now to the Al-Rafidian Shares. In so far as there was a dispute
between Gorpal and the Judgment Creditors as to whether Sudhir Senior or
Gorpal is the beneficial owner of 90,000 shares in Al-Rafidian, we mentioned
in the Leave GD that Gopal had been adjudicated a bankrupt under two Malaysian
court orders dated 17 May 2004 and 4 October 2010. It was subsequently
confirmed that Gorpal remains an undischarged bankrupt. For completeness, we
also mention that 100,000 shares in Al-Rafidian were seized although only
90,000 were purportedly bought by Gorpal from Sudhir Senior.

31 The Judgment Creditors took the point that under the relevant legislation,
Gorpal required sanction from the DGI to pursue his claim and hence his appeal
before us. Gorpal appeared to have agreed because, in the absence of such
sanction, Gorpal filed a Notice of Withdrawal of his appeal before us.

32 However, there was also the question of whether the Judgment Creditors
required sanction from the DGI or a court to pursue their claim to the Al-
Rafidian Shares in the circumstances. In this regard, two opinions from
Malaysian solicitors were tendered by the parties.

33 Gorpal had obtained an opinion from Mr Saranjit Singh Surjit Singh (“Mr
Singh”) of Messrs Saranjit Singh, Advocates and Solicitors, dated 17 November
2022. Mr Singh’s opinion was based on the Insolvency Act 1967 (No 360 of 1967)
(M’sia) (“the Insolvency Act”). In summary, Mr Singh’s opinion was that the
Judgment Creditors did not require the sanction of a court to institute a
claim against Gorpal as they were not claiming as creditors of Gorpal. Mr
Singh was also of the opinion that the Judgment Creditors did not require the
sanction of the DGI to institute their claim against Gorpal. Nevertheless, Mr
Singh stated that the DGI ought to have been notified of the Judgment
Creditors’ claim to the Al-Rafidian Shares so that the DGI could have taken a
position. This was on the basis that all of Gorpal’s property vested in the
DGI upon Gorpal’s bankruptcy pursuant to the Insolvency Act.

34 Although Al-Rafidian is a company incorporated in Singapore, the Insolvency
Act provides for reciprocal provisions between Singapore and Malaysia in
matters relating to bankruptcy and insolvency. Singapore has a similar
provision in s 424 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018
(2020 Rev Ed) (the “IRDA”). However, Gorpal was adjudicated a bankrupt before
the IRDA took effect from 30 July 2020. Therefore, the relevant Singapore
legislation is the predecessor to the IRDA which is the Bankruptcy Act (Cap
20, 2009 Rev Ed) (the “Bankruptcy Act”). Section 152 of the Bankruptcy Act is
similar to s 424 of the IRDA. The upshot is that the Bankruptcy Act provides
that any property of a bankrupt situated in Singapore, who has been adjudged a
bankrupt by a court in Malaysia, vests in the Official Assignee appointed by
the government of Malaysia. This is the DGI. We add that s 152 of the
Bankruptcy Act also provides that all courts in Singapore must recognise the
title of such Official Assignee to the property in Singapore.

35 The Judgment Creditors obtained an opinion from Mr Ian Shang Kuan Chou
Chuen (“Mr Shang”) of Messrs Ian Shang Kuan, dated 22 November 2022. Mr Shang
was of the view that Gorpal required the sanction of the DGI before
participating in the interpleader proceedings. This was accepted by Gorpal
who, as mentioned at [31] above, had filed a Notice of Withdrawal of his
appeal. Mr Shang’s opinion was also that the Judgment Creditors did not
require the sanction of the DGI before making a claim to the Al-Rafidian
Shares as the Judgment Creditors are not creditors of Gorpal. This accords
with Mr Singh’s opinion (see [33] above).

36 However, Mr Shang’s opinion did not address the other point which was that
the assets of Gorpal vest in the DGI and that the DGI should have been
notified of the interpleader proceedings in Singapore so that the DGI could
take a position. Instead, Mr Shang appeared to take the position that Gorpal
held the Al-Rafidian Shares on trust such that they would be excluded from
Gorpal’s estate and would thus not vest in the DGI. We disagreed with this
position. The prima facie position is that Gorpal is the legal and beneficial
owner of the Al-Rafidian Shares and that these shares vest in the DGI upon
Gorpal being declared a bankrupt. On this basis, the DGI should have been
notified. It was after this is done that a court may then consider and decide
whether in fact the beneficial owner is Sudhir Senior.

37 Mr Yim, the representative for the Official Assignee of Singapore, appeared
before us to assist. The Official Assignee’s position was that he was not
qualified to address Malaysian law. That said, Mr Yim was of the view that the
Judgment Creditors should have notified the DGI immediately of their claim to
the Al-Rafidian shares once they found out that Gorpal was a bankrupt. Mr Yim
also confirmed that the DGI was aware of the present appeal but did not
respond to the Official Assignee’s offer of assistance.

38 We are of the view that as soon as the Judgment Creditors learned of the
adjudication orders made against Gorpal, the Judgment Creditors should have
notified the DGI of the seizure of the Al-Rafidian Shares and Gorpal’s
purported interest in them so that the DGI could respond to the Judgment
Creditors’ claim in respect of the shares. Indeed, Gorpal himself should also
have informed the DGI of the seizure. However, these steps were not taken.

39 Both the Judgment Creditors and Gorpal should also have alerted the
Singapore court as soon as possible that no further step should be taken by
the Singapore court until the DGI was notified of the Judgment Creditors’
claim to the shares and the DGI had an opportunity to respond. Accordingly,
Gorpal also should not have resisted the claim of the Judgment Creditors as it
was for the DGI to decide what to do. Likewise, Gorpal’s solicitors should not
have acted for him to resist the Judgment Creditors’ claim.

40 In this regard, we found it concerning that Gorpal’s solicitors appeared to
have failed to address their mind on what the position at Malaysian law was
and whether sanction was required, and if so, obtained, after they discovered
that Gorpal was a bankrupt. They said they received confirmation that he was
an undischarged bankrupt sometime after the interpleader trial had concluded
but this did not satisfactorily explain why they had not ascertained his
status properly before proceeding with the interpleader proceedings in the
first place. In fact, Gorpal’s solicitors continued to act for him in the
appeal even though they did not receive any instructions from the DGI. This
was irresponsible.

41 The Judgment Creditors’ solicitors should also have sought clarification on
whether any sanction was required. We rejected Mr Kumar’s argument that it was
reasonable for the Judgment Creditors’ solicitors to assume that sanction was
obtained by Gorpal’s solicitors because any solicitor would know to obtain
proper authorisation before acting for a bankrupt or that it was not ethically
proper for them to seek confirmation from Gorpal’s solicitors that they had
authority to act for him.

42 First, this explanation was offered from the bar. There was no affidavit
from the Judgment Creditors or their solicitors that they had actually
considered whether sanction was required for Gorpal to continue with the
interpleader proceedings below. Indeed, it appeared that the Judgment
Creditors’ solicitors only became aware of this point when it was raised by
the court during the hearing for leave to appeal.

43 Second, from the documents disclosed by the solicitors of the Judgment
Creditors, it appeared that the Judgment Creditors had apparently not sought
legal advice from Malaysian solicitors until after leave to appeal had been
granted to the 4 Claimants. This suggested that the question of sanction had
not crossed their minds before.

44 In any event, we were of the view that the argument that it was not
ethically proper for them to seek confirmation from Gorpal’s solicitors about
their authority to act for him was misplaced. Mr Kumar had argued that
ordinarily this would have been the case, but this was not an ordinary
situation. Gorpal had been adjudged a bankrupt. Moreover, the question was not
just whether Gorpal’s solicitors had authority to act for him but at a more
basic level, whether Gopal himself required sanction to proceed. Where such
sanction is required as a matter of law, an opponent is entitled, and is
indeed expected, to question whether sanction has been obtained. Indeed, a
court could also on its own motion ask the same question. Hence, the Judgment
Creditors’ solicitors were not precluded from asking if sanction for Gorpal to
proceed had been obtained, assuming that they knew that such sanction was
required. It seemed to us that the argument about an assumption and an ethical
prohibition was a poor excuse to avoid taking partial responsibility for this
unsatisfactory situation.

45 Finally, we note that while the Judgment Creditors did not dispute that the
DGI should have been notified, they argued that there was no prejudice since
Gorpal did participate in the proceedings below. This argument misses the
point. If Gorpal was incompetent to pursue the appeal, he was also incompetent
to resist the claim of the Judgment Creditors below as it was for the DGI to
take a position.

46 In the circumstances, even though Gorpal’s appeal was discontinued, it was
still open to us to note that the decision below should not have been made as
the DGI had not been notified of the Judgment Creditors’ claim at the time of
the interpleader proceedings and this was not before the Judge.

47 We thus observed that the Judge’s decision in respect of the 90,000 shares
in Al-Rafidian (as well as the other 10,000 shares) was liable to be set
aside. However, Gorpal has withdrawn his appeal and the Judgment Creditors did
not seek such an order. Hence, we did not go further than to make this
observation.

Conclusion

48 As we noted during the hearing of the appeal on 24 November 2022, the
situation before us in respect of the JS Energy Share was most unsatisfactory.
The Judgment Creditors should not have contested the appeal in respect of the
JS Energy Share in the light of what we had already stated in the Leave GD. It
should also have been obvious to the 3 JS Energy Claimants that they bear
their share of responsibility for the situation. Before us, they sought to
argue the merits of their claims in so far as the shares in the 3 Target
Companies were concerned even though these had not been in issue. In so far as
they also sought to argue the merits pertaining to the beneficial ownership of
the JS Energy Share, this was misplaced because that share had not been seized
and Sudhir Junior was not a party before us.

49 We need not repeat what we have said in respect of the Al-Rafidian Shares
which was also an unsatisfactory situation.

50 In the circumstances, we ordered the parties to bear their own costs of the
application for leave to appeal and the appeal itself, as well as the
interpleader proceedings below.

51 The usual consequential orders were made.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division | Debbie Ong Siew Ling  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
  
Mary-Anne Shu-Hui Chua and Tio Siaw Min (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the
appellants;

Harish Kumar s/o Champaklal, Josephine Chee Fei and Low Weng Hong (Rajah &
Tann Singapore LLP) for the respondents;

Benjamin Yim for the official assignee.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 09 Jan 2023 (16:07 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

