Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 5

District Court Appeal No 75 of 2022

Between

WGW

… Appellant

And

WGX

… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law — Matrimonial assets — Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WGW

  
v

  

WGX

[2023] SGHCF 5

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 75 of 2022  
Choo Han Teck J  
9 February 2023

13 February 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant (the “Wife”) and respondent (the “Husband”) were parties to a
short, childless marriage of about three and a half years. Interim judgment
was granted on 14 April 2022 and was made final on 8 November 2022. The only
matrimonial asset liable for division was the matrimonial home — the subject
of this appeal.

2 The matrimonial home was purchased in August 2019 wholly using the parties’
CPF funds. They renovated the flat at a cost of S$76,762, of which $40,000 was
paid for by bank loans. The remaining sum of $36,762 was disputed at the
hearing below as to whether it was paid by the Wife solely or equally between
the parties, as the Husband claimed. The learned District Judge (“DJ”) found
in favour of the Wife, as the Husband produced no evidence as to his alleged
payment of cash in hand to the Wife. I find no basis to disturb this finding
of fact.

3 The only issue on appeal is whether the Wife’s payment of $36,672 was
rightly excluded by the DJ when computing the division ratio. The original
ratio of 41.21 (Husband): 58.79 (Wife) was derived from parties’ respective
CPF contributions only. In excluding the $36,672, the DJ considered that the
renovation was a basic one which did not significantly alter the property. He
further characterised them as indirect financial contributions which were to
be considered at the second stage of the structured approach in ANJ v ANK
[2015] 4 SLR 1043, which the DJ declined to apply on the basis that the
structured approach was designed to address contributions of longer marriages
or marriages with children.

4 I think the DJ erred in taking the renovation sum as an indirect financial
contribution to be considered at the second stage of the structured approach.
Direct financial contributions of parties are not limited to monies applied
toward the acquisition of a matrimonial asset, but also include monies which
go toward the “improvement of the matrimonial asset”: TNK v TNL and another
appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 0609 at [38] affirming Twiss,
Christopher James Hans v Twiss, Yvonne Prendergast [2015] SGCA 52 at [17(a)].

5 It is not uncommon for new couples to renovate their newly purchased
properties to create a special matrimonial home for themselves. Such
renovations often involve substantial facelifts and customisation. This appeal
is one such illustration — the cost of renovation (S$76,672) was 20% of the
purchase price of the flat (S$370,000). It would not be just and equitable for
the Court to ignore to sizeable sums of monies expended to improve matrimonial
assets.

6 At the hearing before me, the Husband again asserted that the $36,672 was
not wholly contributed for by the Wife, and that he paid cash in hand to the
Wife during the marriage. As mentioned above, the DJ found on the evidence
that it was the Wife who contributed wholly to this sum. The Husband repeated
his counsel’s arguments from the court below. No new evidence was adduced. The
Husband submitted in his respondent’s case that the cash amount totalled
$15,500. At the hearing, however, he said that he passed the Wife cash
totalling $29,000. Given the lack of a consistent position and cogent
evidence, I am unable to accept the Husband’s arguments on appeal. The DJ’s
finding of fact stands. The Wife’s payment of $36,762 should thus be counted
toward her direct financial contributions. Accordingly, the direct financial
contributions of the parties now total $63,622 (Husband): $127,515 (Wife),
translating to a ratio of 33.29: 66.71 respectively.

7 The Court of Appeal in USB v USA and another appeal [2020] 2 SLR 588 (at
[37]) held that “the structured approach should continue to apply to short
marriages”, although the court can vary the weightage accorded to direct and
indirect contributions. I am of the view that the indirect contributions to
this marriage, if any at all, were minimal. The parties did not go through
with the customary traditions of marriage, there was no consummation, and
there were no children to take care of. While parties disputed at length at
the hearing before me whether they had in fact lived together, this factor was
ultimately immaterial. Even if the parties had resided together physically, it
seemed to me on the evidence and the statement of particulars that parties
were unable to get along from the start, and the consortium of marriage failed
before it even had the opportunity to form. The Husband himself admitted
before me that they tried to live in the flat during the five months of
renovation but the dust and noise eventually forced them to leave. I thus give
no weight to indirect contributions.

8 For the above reasons, the appeal is allowed. I order that the proceeds of
the matrimonial home, once sold, is to be divided in the ratio of 33.29
(Husband): 66.71 (Wife) after paying off the expenses in paragraph 1 of the
order of court FC/ORC 5168/2022. The matrimonial home is to be sold after the
Minimum Occupancy Period has elapsed.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Sarbrinder Singh s/o Naranjan Singh (Sanders Law LLC) for the appellant;  
The respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Feb 2023 (14:45 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

