Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE HIGH COURT

of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCR 15

Originating Claim No 194 of 2023 (Summonses Nos 1965 and 1967 of 2023)

Between

(1)| Xiang Da Marine Pte Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation)  
---|---  
(2)| Farooq Ahmad Mann  
  
… Claimants

And

(1)| Zhang Xianming  
---|---  
(2)| Wu Jianshi  
(3)| Fu Ning Marine Pte Ltd  
(4)| Ji Ning Marine Pte Ltd  
(5)| Qing Ning Marine Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Striking out]

[Insolvency Law — Avoidance of transactions — Transactions at an undervalue]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Xiang Da Marine Pte Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation) and another

  
v

  

Zhang Xianming and others

[2023] SGHCR 15

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 194 of 2023
(Summonses Nos 1965 and 1967 of 2023)  
AR Perry Peh  
14 August 2023

7 September 2023 Judgment reserved.

AR Perry Peh:

Introduction

1 HC/SUM 1965/2023 (“SUM 1965”) is an application by the third, fourth and
fifth defendants in HC/OC 194/2023 (“OC 194”) to strike out the claimants’
claims against them in their entirety, pursuant to O 9 r 16 of the Rules of
Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”). These claims arise out of a set of transactions under
which the first claimant transferred its assets to the third to fifth
defendants, which the claimants allege was a transaction at an undervalue
within s 98(3)(a) and/or s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“the Bankruptcy Act”) read with s 329 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed) then-in-force (“the Companies Act”). The third to fifth defendants
argue that the claims against them are unsustainable, either on the basis of
the claimants’ pleading alone, or in the light of the objective evidence and
contemporaneous documents relating to the transactions. As an alternative to
striking out, in HC/SUM 1967/2023 (“SUM 1967”), the third to fifth defendants
ask that the claimants provide security for their costs in defending the
claims.

Background

2 The first claimant, Xiang Da Marine Pte Ltd (“Xiang Da”) was a Singapore-
incorporated company in the business of freight and ship management. It was
placed into creditors’ voluntary liquidation on 21 February 2020, and the
second claimant is its liquidator. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at paras 1–2.

The third to fifth defendants are respectively Fu Ning Marine Pte Ltd (“Fu
Ning”), Ji Ning Marine Pte Ltd (“Ji Ning”) and Qing Ning Marine Pte Ltd (“Qing
Ning”). I will refer to them collectively as “the Defendants”. The first and
second defendants, whom I will refer to as “Zhang” and “Wu” respectively, were
directors of Xiang Da at the time of the alleged undervalue transactions. At
the time of the hearing before me, Zhang and Wu, who appear to be located
outside of Singapore, have not been served with the originating process in OC
194.

3 At the material time, Xiang Da, Fu Ning, Ji Ning and Qing Ning shared the
same ultimate parent company. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 8.

Xiang Da was a wholly owned subsidiary of CSC Oil Transportation (S) Pte Ltd
(“CSC Oil”). On the other hand, the Defendants were wholly owned subsidiaries
of one Nanjing Tanker Corporation (S) Pte Ltd (“NTCS”). Both NTCS and CSC Oil
are wholly owned subsidiaries of one Nanjing Tanker Corporation (“NTC”), a
company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”). On or about 2
August 2018, CSC transferred all its shares in Xiang Da to one Link Height
Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 8(a), Defence of the 3rd to 5th Defendants (“Defence”) at para
9(b).

The claims

4 The claimants aver in the Statement of Claim (“the SOC”) that, on or about
31 March 2017, Zhang and Wu caused Xiang Da to enter into agreements (“the
Agreements”) for the transfer of three vessels, CSC Friendship, Chang Hang
Guang Rong and Chang Hang Xing Yun (“the Vessels”), to Fu Ning, Ji Ning and
Qing Ning respectively. I refer to these transfers as “the Transactions”. The
Vessels were Xiang Da’s main revenue generating assets. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 11.

Under the Agreements, the Vessels were allegedly sold at a price of
US$19,929,112.09, US$19,353,252.05 and US$18,110,117.11, respectively. The
claimants aver that the disposal of the Vessels were transactions at an
undervalue within s 98(3)(a) and/or s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 14. The reference to s 98(3)(b) would appear to be a typographical
error.

as the disposal was for “no consideration or for a consideration at a value
which is significantly less than the value of [the Vessels] in money or
money’s worth”. This was because “no actual transfer of cash” had been made
for the sale and “[n]o sale proceeds were paid to Xiang Da by the Defendants”.
Instead, the “consideration” for the transfer of the Vessels was based on
their respective net book values, and “accounting entries” were purportedly
made to the accounts of Xiang Da and CSC Oil to “set off against amounts that
were allegedly owed by Xiang Da to CSC Oil and/or others”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at para 14(a).

The claimants also aver that, after the Vessels were transferred, the
Defendants generated substantial revenues using the Vessels, and two of the
Vessels were used by the Defendants to obtain loans from finance companies. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at paras 12, 14(a) and 14(b).

5 The claimants plead that Xiang Da had been insolvent or had been in a
parlous financial position at the time of the Transactions and became
insolvent as a result of the Transactions. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at para 13.

The claimants aver that for the financial year ending 31 December 2016, Xiang
Da’s total liabilities exceeded its assets, and for the financial year ending
31 December 2017, Xiang Da’s total assets stood at US$1, and it recorded no
profits but a loss of US$692,428. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at paras 13(a) and 13(b).

6 The claimants also aver that, on 1 April 2017, one Ningbo Group Co Ltd
(“Ningbo”), a PRC company, commenced HC/ADM 56/2017 (“ADM 56”) against Xiang
Da, seeking US$16,131,644.41 in damages against Xiang Da. The claimants allege
that, at the time Xiang Da entered into the Agreements, Zhang and Wu (as Xiang
Da’s directors) knew or ought to have known about the claims by Ningbo. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at para 13(c).

In January 2019, Xiang Da commenced Third Party Proceedings against Clearlake
Shipping Pte Ltd and Gunvor Singapore Pte Ltd (“C&G”) seeking an indemnity or
contribution from them in respect of Ningbo’s claim in ADM 56. C&G
successfully obtained from the English courts an anti-suit injunction to
restrain Xiang Da from continuing with the Third Party Proceedings in ADM 56,
the result of which was that Xiang Da was ordered to pay C&G respectively
costs of GBP 369,807.40 and GBP 225,638.08. Xiang Da was also ordered by the
Singapore courts to pay costs and disbursements to C&G, respectively amounting
to S$44,451.47 and US$24,603.73. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 27.

7 It is not in dispute that the Ningbo’s claim against Xiang Da was eventually
settled, and ADM 56 was discontinued pursuant to a Deed of Settlement entered
into between Xiang Da and Ningbo on 16 August 2019. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defence at para 19(e); 1st Affidavit of Cheng Guangyu (“Cheng’s Affidavit”) at
para 74.

The outstanding costs and disbursements owed by Xiang Da to C&G however remain
unsatisfied. It would appear from the financial indemnity provided by C&G to
Xiang Da’s liquidator (ie, the second claimant) to pursue OC 194 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1st Affidavit of Farooq Ahmad Mann (“Mann’s Affidavit”) at para 34.

that C&G are the real claimants in OC 194 (see Ho Wing On Christopher and
others v ECRC Land Pte Ltd (in liquidation) [2006] 4 SLR(R) 817 at [68]), and
that the genesis of OC 194 are these outstanding costs and disbursements owed
to C&G by Xiang Da. The gist of C&G’s complaint appears to be that the
Vessels, which were otherwise assets against which these outstanding costs and
disbursements could have been satisfied, were put out of their reach as a
result of the Transactions. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mann’s Affidavit at para 20(h).

8 The claimants’ claims against Zhang, Wu and the Defendants are premised
entirely on the Transactions being at an undervalue within s 98(3)(a) and/or s
98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 29.

As against Zhang and Wu, the claimants seek, among other things, a declaration
that they have acted in breach of their fiduciary and/or statutory duties as
directors by carrying out or causing the Transactions to have been carried
out, and that they are liable for fraudulent trading under s 340(1) of the
Companies Act in respect of the Transactions. As against the Defendants, the
claimants seek, among other things, a declaration that the Defendants are
liable for knowing receipt and/or dishonest assistance in respect of the
Transactions and an order for the Transactions to be declared void.

The defence

9 The Defendants do not dispute that the Transactions had taken place, and
that the Vessels had been disposed of at the price recorded in the Agreements.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defence at para 10.

Nor do the Defendants dispute that the sale price of the Vessels in the
Agreements had been calculated based on the Vessels’ net book values at the
material time. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defence at paras 11 and 13.

The Defendants’ case, however, is that the Transactions had taken place
pursuant to a corporate debt reorganisation plan instituted by NTC, pursuant
to which Xiang Da received good consideration by having its debts under
intercompany loans extended by CSC Oil to Xiang Da as well as its other
liabilities written off, and further, that the Transactions were not at an
undervalue, and in any event, Xiang Da was not insolvent at the time of the
Transactions.

10 The Defendants aver that the sale of the Vessels had been effected pursuant
to a proposal by NTC’s board to reorganise the assets and debts of its foreign
subsidiaries, which included CSC Oil and Xiang Da (“the Reorganisation
Proposal”), and that it had been considered by NTC’s board from as early as
September 2016. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defence at para 12; Cheng’s Affidavit at paras 22–28.

Under the Reorganisation Proposal, NTCS was to be incorporated, and it was in
turn to incorporate various one-ship companies (such as the Defendants) as
special purpose vehicles to take over the ownership of various vessels, which
included the Vessels. The debts and liabilities of NTC’s foreign subsidiaries
like Xiang Da would be settled through direct repayment, write-offs and set-
offs, and following which these subsidiaries would be dissolved. On 26 October
2016, the Reorganisation Proposal was approved by a majority of NTC’s
shareholders, and subsequently, another resolution was passed on 20 December
2016 for NTCS to purchase through its subsidiaries, vessels owned by CSC Oil
and its subsidiaries at their net book values. Pursuant to this, the
Agreements were entered into on or before 17 March 2017. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defence at para 11.

The Defendants therefore deny that the Agreements had been entered into in
anticipation of the pending claim by Ningbo against Xiang Da in ADM 56. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defence at para 29(a).

11 The Defendants aver that Xiang Da had received valuable consideration for
the Transactions. By way of context, the Defendants explained that both Xiang
Da and themselves did not operate any bank account in their own names, and the
arrangement was for their respective parent (CSC Oil and NTCS respectively) to
receive and make payments on their behalf, and all such payments made and
received by CSC Oil and NTCS on the subsidiaries’ behalf were recorded in
running accounts between the parent and each respective subsidiary. These
running accounts also recorded the intercompany loans extended by each parent
to its subsidiary. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence at paras 14(b) and 14(c).

12 Pursuant to the Agreements, NTCS, on behalf of the Defendants, remitted
payments to CSC Oil corresponding to 20% of the purchase price of each of the
Vessels, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence at para 14(d)(i), 14(e)(i) and 14(f)(i).

which was the deposit required under the Agreements. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Cheng’s Affidavit at paras 38 and 42–43.

Thereafter, CSC Oil gave Xiang Da an advance credit corresponding to the
purchase price of each of the Vessels and the price of bunkers and lubricating
oils on board, which was used to set off the intercompany debts owed by Xiang
Da to CSC Oil. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defence at para 14(d)(iii), 14(e)(iii) and 14(f)(iii).

Subsequently, NTCS remitted payments to CSC Oil on behalf of the Defendants
for the balance purchase price and the price of the bunkers and lubricating
oil on board each of the Vessels, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defence at paras 14(d)(iv)–(vii), 14(e)(iv)–(v), 14(f)(iv)–(v).

and in respect of one of the Vessels NTCS accepted an assignment of CSC Oil’s
debts in lieu of payment of part of the purchase price. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defence at para 14(d)(vi).

13 While the Defendants accept that Xiang Da’s financial statements ending 31
December 2016 record its liabilities as exceeding its total assets, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defence at para 16.

they deny that Xiang Da was insolvent or in a parlous financial position at
the time of the Transactions. They aver that Xiang Da was in a position to pay
its debts as they fell due because: (a) the bulk of Xiang Da’s liabilities
were debts owed to CSC Oil under intercompany loans which Xiang Da would not
be called on by CSC Oil to repay, and which was intended to be written off
pursuant to the Reorganisation Proposal; and (b) for debts owed by Xiang Da to
its other trade and finance creditors, Xiang Da was able to pay them as they
fell due by utilising its operating income and drawing on an unsecured and
interest free loan from CSC Oil. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defence at para 15(b).

As for Xiang Da’s financial statements ending 31 December 2017, the Defendants
point out that Xiang Da’s total liabilities were recorded as zero. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence at para 17(b).

14 Finally, in connection with ADM 56, the Defendants aver that,
notwithstanding ADM 56 having been commenced on 1 April 2017, Xiang Da only
became aware of ADM 56 on or after 26 May 2017, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence at para 19(d).

and that in any event, it owed no liability to Ningbo as a result of the
claims in ADM 56 because those claims were eventually settled with Ningbo
without any admission of liability by Xiang Da. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence at para 19(e).

As for the unsatisfied debts arising from the orders for payment of costs and
disbursements made in connection with the Third Party proceedings commenced by
Xiang Da in ADM 56 and the anti-suit injunction obtained by C&G, these
liabilities did not exist at the time of the Transactions, and only came into
being more than two years after the Transactions. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defence at paras 29(g) and 29(i).

The submissions

15 The Defendants make the following arguments in connection with SUM 1965,
which is their application to strike out the claimants’ claims in their
entirety. First, the claimants’ pleadings disclose no reasonable cause of
action. This is because the claimants accept that “consideration” had been
provided for the Transactions by way of a credit to Xiang Da that was used to
set off the debts owed by Xiang Da to CSC Oil, and the claimants only take
issue with it not having been provided by an actual transfer of cash to Xiang
Da. That no actual transfer of cash was received is no basis to allege that
consideration had not been provided. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defendants’ written submissions at paras 48–50.

Further, the claimants have simply pleaded that the Vessels had been sold at
their net book values, but do not plead the basis on which they are alleging
that the net book value of the Vessels is significantly less than their true
or market value at the material time. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendants’ written submissions at paras 50–52.

16 Secondly, the evidence also shows that the Transactions were not at an
undervalue within s 98(3) of the Bankruptcy Act. The evidence of the running
accounts between CSC Oil and Xiang Da showed that Xiang Da had received good
consideration for the Transactions by having its debts to CSC Oil set off by
those sums received by CSC Oil from NTCS as payment for the Vessels. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendants’ written submissions at paras 57–60.

The Defendants also adduced valuation reports relating to the Vessels, which
they say show that the consideration that Xiang Da received for the
Transactions (net book value of the Vessels) was in fact higher than their
market value at the material time. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendants’ written submissions at paras 71–73.

The Defendants also emphasise that the Transactions had resulted in Xiang Da
receiving the additional benefit of having all its debts and liabilities owed
to CSC Oil as well as other creditors written off as part of the
Reorganisation Proposal. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendants’ written submissions at para 69.

In any event, Xiang Da was neither cash flow nor balance sheet insolvent at
the time of the Transactions. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendants’ written submissions at paras 83–84.

The claims in ADM 56 should also not be taken into account in assessing Xiang
Da’s solvency at the time of the Transactions. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendants’ written submissions at paras 90–91.

17 The claimants raise the following in response. First, no consideration had
been provided for the Transactions because Xiang Da received no actual payment
for the Vessels. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Claimants’ written submissions at para 82.

In oral submissions, the claimants’ counsel explained that this was
significant because, since Xiang Da was in a parlous financial state at the
time of the Transactions, its directors owed a duty to take into account the
interests of Xiang Da’s creditors, and the fact that Xiang Da received no
actual payment meant that Xiang Da’s creditors also received no benefit from
the Transactions. The set-off, which did not benefit those creditors in any
way, could not amount to consideration. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Claimants’ written submissions at para 80.

Although not stated explicitly, it appears from the position taken by the
claimants that they are not disputing that NTCS had in fact provided to CSC
Oil payment for the Vessels on the Defendants’ behalf, and that such payment
had been used towards setting off Xiang Da’s intercompany debts to CSC Oil, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Mann’s Affidavit at para 19.

though I note the claimants do dispute these intercompany debts. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Mann’s Affidavit at paras 20(j)–20(k); claimants’ written submissions at para
81.

18 Secondly, any consideration provided for the Transactions fell short of the
value of the Vessels at the material time. The claimants point out that the
payments that NTCS had remitted to CSC Oil as payment for the purchase price
of the Vessels was less than 23% of the stated purchase price in the
Agreements, which indicates that any consideration provided by the Defendants
was far lower than the consideration provided by Xiang Da. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Mann’s Affidavit at para 20(i); claimants’ written submissions at para 96.

The intercompany debts between CSC Oil and Xiang Da and which had purportedly
been set off pursuant to the receipt of the purchase price of the Vessels are
also highly questionable and have not been proven to exist. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mann’s Affidavit at para 20(j); claimants’ written submissions at para 95.

Further, the substantial revenue generated by the Defendants from the use of
the Vessels subsequent to the Transactions and the loans that the Defendants
were able to obtain using the Vessels as collateral showed that the Vessels
had been sold at an undervalue. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Mann’s Affidavit at paras 20(a)–20(e); claimants’ written submissions at paras
86–87.

The claimants also questioned the credibility of the valuation reports adduced
by the Defendants, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Mann’s Affidavit at para 20(e); claimants’ written submissions at paras 88–89.

though they did not adduce any valuation reports of their own.

19 Finally, Xiang Da was insolvent at the time of the Transactions. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Claimants’ written submissions at paras 66–70.

Xiang Da was insolvent on both a cash flow and balance sheet basis because of
the substantial debts owed to CSC Oil under the intercompany loans, which the
claimants say CSC Oil had intended to call on for repayment. The claimants
also argue that the claims in ADM 56, which arose from a carriage of goods
involving the Vessels that had taken place in April 2016, should be taken into
account in assessing the solvency of Xiang Da.

20 As for SUM 1967, which is the Defendants’ application for security for
costs (“SFC”) of S$150,000 for the period up to and including the trial of OC
194, the claimants raised two main arguments as to why the Defendants are not
entitled to SFC. First, they argue that Xiang Da’s current financial situation
had been wrongfully brought about by the Transactions for which the Defendants
are responsible. Xiang Da’s ability to pursue its claims should therefore not
be stifled by SFC. Secondly, they point out that the second claimant has
obtained a liquidator’s indemnity from C&G, and that C&G would pay for any
costs orders made in OC 194.

The applicable principles

Transactions at an undervalue

21 For a transaction to come within s 98(3) of the Bankruptcy Act, which is
made applicable to companies by s 329(1) of the Companies Act: (a) there must
be a “transaction”; (b) taking place within the “relevant period”; (c) which
was at an “undervalue” within the meaning of s 98(3); and (d) the company was
“insolvent” at the time of the transaction (see Mercator & Noordstar NV v
Velstra Pte Ltd (in liquidation) [2003] 4 SLR(R) 667 (“Mercator”) at [21]).
Section 98(3) of the Bankruptcy Act sets out three circumstances in which an
undervalue transaction can arise, only two of which are relevant to the
present case: (a) where the grantor makes a gift to the grantee or enters into
a transaction with the grantee on terms that provide for the grantor no
consideration (s 98(3)(a)); or (b) where the grantor enters into a transaction
with the grantee for a consideration the value of which is “significantly
less” than the value of the consideration provided by the grantor (s
98(3)(c)).

22 In this case, there is no dispute that the sale of the Vessels was a
“transaction” (see Mercator at [23]–[24]). On the claimants’ pleaded case, the
Agreements were entered into on or about 31 March 2017, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

SOC at paras 11 and 13(a).

and Xiang Da was placed into creditors’ voluntary liquidation on 21 February
2020. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

SOC at para 1.

Hence, there is also no dispute that the Transactions took place within the
“relevant period”, which is the five-year period ending on the date the
winding up of the company is deemed to have commenced (see s 100(1)(a) of the
Bankruptcy Act read with ss 291(6) and 329(2)(b) of the Companies Act). The
only dispute is whether the Transactions were at an “undervalue” within s
98(3), and whether Xiang Da was insolvent at the time of the Transactions.

Striking out

23 Order 9 r 16 of the ROC 2021, on which the Defendants rely, provides three
grounds pursuant to which “any or part of any pleading” may be struck out: (a)
that it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence; (b) it is an abuse
of process of the Court; or (c) it is in the interests of justice to do so. In
Iskandar bin Rahmat and others v Attorney-General and another [2022] 2 SLR
1018 (at [16]–[19]), the Court of Appeal explained the tests applicable to
each of these limbs:

(a) Under O 9 r 16(1)(a), the test is whether the action has some chance of
success when only the allegations in the pleadings are concerned. If that is
the case, then the action would not be struck out.

(b) Under O 9 r 16(1)(b), the question is whether the judicial process is
being used as a means of vexation and oppression in the process of litigation.
The inquiry includes considerations of public policy and the interests of
justice. This limb also signifies that the process of the court must be used
bona fide and must not be abused.

(c) Under O 9 r 16(1)(c), the question is whether the case is one where the
court should exercise its inherent jurisdiction to prevent injustice, such as
where the claim is “plainly or obviously unsustainable”.

24 For the purposes of O 9 r 16(1)(c), a claim is plainly or obviously
unsustainable either where it is “legally unsustainable” or “factually
unsustainable” (see The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 at [39]–[40]). A
claim is “legally unsustainable” where it would be clear as a matter of law
that a party would not be entitled to the remedy sought even if it were to
succeed in proving all the facts he offers to prove. A claim is “factually
unsustainable” where it could be said with confidence before trial that the
factual basis for the claim is entirely without substance, which can be the
case if it were clear beyond question that the facts pleaded are contradicted
by all the documents or other material on which it is based.

The issues

25 The Defendants’ arguments in SUM 1965 focus on the unsustainability of the
claimants’ claims, either on the basis of the pleadings alone, or when the
pleaded facts are viewed together with the affidavit evidence adduced in SUM
1965. It is therefore apparent that the Defendants are relying on O 9 r
16(1)(a) and O 9 r 16(1)(c).

26 Since the Defendants rely on evidence to show that the Transactions were
not at an undervalue and that Xiang Da was not insolvent at the material time
(see [16] above), I understand the Defendants to be contending that the
claimants’ claims are factually unsustainable for the purposes of O 9 r
16(1)(c). On the other hand, I understand the Defendants’ argument about the
claimants’ omission to plead in the SOC facts showing that the net book value
of the Vessels is significantly less than the value of the Vessels at the
material time (see [15] above) as a contention that the SOC discloses no
reasonable cause of action for the purposes of O 9 r 16(1)(a), to the extent
the claimants’ claims are premised upon the Transactions being at an
undervalue within s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act.

27 However, the Defendants’ argument that the claimants have “no basis” to
allege that no consideration was provided because there had been no actual
transfer of cash to Xiang Da (see [15] above), although framed in terms of
saying that the SOC discloses no reasonable cause of action, is in my view
better understood as saying that the claimants’ claims are legally
unsustainable, to the extent they are premised upon the Transactions being at
an undervalue within s 98(3)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act. This is so for two
reasons. First, the Defendants’ point is that even if the claimants succeed in
proving that there had been no actual transfer of cash, the claimants will not
be any closer to showing that no consideration had been provided for the
purposes of proving that the Transactions were at an undervalue within the
meaning of s 98(3)(a), since there is no requirement at law that contractual
consideration must take the form of property moving from the promisee to the
promisor. Secondly, whether the pleadings disclose a reasonable cause of
action for the purposes of O 9 r 16(1)(a) should be determined by reference to
the pleadings alone (see [23(a)] above). I do not think it appropriate for the
court to view the pleadings in conjunction with the applicable legal
principles and draw conclusions as to the legal strengths or weaknesses of the
claimants’ pleaded case in determining whether a reasonable cause of action is
disclosed. After all, the fact that a claimant’s case is weak and hence
unlikely to succeed is no ground for striking out under O 9 r 16(1)(a) (see
Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others [1997] 3
SLR(R) 649 (“Gabriel Peter”) at [21]).

28 In the light of the above, the following issues arise for consideration:

(a) To the extent the claimants’ claims are premised on the Transactions being
at an undervalue within s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act, whether the SOC
discloses no reasonable cause of action against the Defendants?

(b) To the extent the claimants’ claims are premised on the Transactions being
at an undervalue within s 98(3)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act, whether they are
legally unsustainable because the pleaded facts, if proven, do not show that
the Transactions had taken place at an undervalue within s 98(3)(a)?

(c) Whether the claimants’ claims are factually unsustainable because the
affidavit evidence shows that the Transactions had not taken place at an
undervalue within s 98(3)(a) and/or s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act?

(d) Whether the claimants’ claims are factually unsustainable because the
affidavit evidence shows that Xiang Da had not been insolvent at the time of
the Transactions and so s 98 of the Bankruptcy Act is in any event
inapplicable?

(e) In the event SUM 1965 is dismissed, whether the Defendants are entitled to
SFC against the claimants?

Whether the claimants’ claims premised on s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act
disclose no reasonable cause of action against the Defendants?

29 The gist of the Defendants’ complaint is that the SOC contains no pleading
as to the significance of the Vessels being transacted at their net book
value, and specifically, that it had not been pleaded that the net book value
of the Vessels was significantly less than their market or fair value at the
material time. To recall, the claimants’ pleaded case is that the Transactions
involved the disposal of the Vessels at their net book values.

30 Under our rules of civil procedure, the onus is on a claimant who commences
a claim against a defendant to plead all “material facts” in respect of every
cause of action that it chooses to pursue against the defendant, and furnish
sufficient particulars for the defendant to have reasonable notice of the case
it has to meet; “material facts” are those facts which are necessary to
formulate a complete cause of action (see Chandra Winata Lie v Citibank NA
[2015] 1 SLR 875 (“Chandra Winata Lie”) at [34]; EA Apartments Pte Ltd v Tan
Bek and others [2017] 3 SLR 559 at [21]). Where the claimant omits such
material facts, it can come no closer to succeeding in the cause of action
pursued, even if all the pleaded facts are eventually proven. A defendant
should therefore not have to undergo the expense of trial to have the claim
thrown out, and it is entitled to have the claimant’s claim struck out on the
basis that the pleading discloses no reasonable cause of action against it.

31 The starting point of this analysis, therefore, is what are the “material
facts” that a claimant must plead if it advances a claim founded upon an
alleged transaction at an undervalue within s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act.
Under that subsection, a transaction is at an undervalue if it is entered into
by the grantor for a consideration the value of which is “significantly less
than the value, in money or money’s worth” of the consideration provided by
the grantor. The focus is on a comparison of value between the consideration
provided by the grantor and the consideration received from the grantee, from
the perspective of the grantor (see Rothstar Group Ltd v Leow Quek Shiong and
other appeals [2022] 2 SLR 158 (“Rothstar”) (at [24]–[25]).

32 Hence, the material fact that a claimant seeking to allege a transaction at
an undervalue within s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act must plead is that which
shows that the value at which the asset had been disposed by the grantor (in
other words, the consideration received) was significantly less than what it
actually had been worth at the time of the transaction (in other words, the
consideration provided). Therefore, typically, the claimant would state in its
pleadings what, on its case, ought to be the value of the asset at the time of
the transaction and the value at which the asset had been disposed of pursuant
to the alleged undervalue transaction. In other cases, it can also be self-
apparent from the pleaded facts that the value at which the asset was disposed
is significantly less than its actual or market value at the material time –
for example, where assets of objectively considerable value are disposed of
for nominal consideration.

33 With the above mind, I turn to the relevant parts of the SOC which aver
that the sale of the Vessels took place at an undervalue, which are set out in
full below: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOC at paras 12 and 14(a).

12\. However, no sale proceeds were paid to Xiang Da by any of these 3
companies [referring to Fu Ning, Ji Ning and Qing Ning] that allegedly bought
the said 3 Vessels [referring to the Vessels]. Instead, the consideration for
the transfer of the 3 Vessels was based on the respective net book values of
each of the 3 Vessels. No actual transfer of funds was carried out but
accounting entries were purportedly made to the accounts of Xiang Da and CSC
Oil to set off against amounts that were allegedly owed by Xiang Da to CSC Oil
and/or others.

…

14\. The Transactions … were transactions at undervalue …

a. The Transactions were entered into … for no consideration or for a
consideration which is significantly less than the value of the 3 Vessels in
money or in money’s worth. No sale proceeds were paid to Xiang Da by any of
the 3 companies who took over ownership of the said 3 Vessels. Instead, the
consideration for the transfer of the 3 Vessels was based on the respective
net book values for each of the 3 Vessels and no actual transfer of cash was
made for the said purchases but accounting entries were purportedly made to
the accounts of Xiang Da and CSC Oil to set off against amounts that were
allegedly owed by Xiang Da to CSC Oil and/or others.

b. After the 3 Vessels [referring to the Vessels] were transferred to Fu Ning,
Ji Ning and Qing Ning, the 3 companies generated substantial revenues from all
the 3 Vessels. Two of the 3 Vessels were also used by the companies to obtain
loans from finance companies.

34 To the extent the claimants’ claims in OC 194 are premised on the
Transactions being at an undervalue within s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act,
the SOC is deficient. None of the pleaded facts can show that the value at
which the Vessels were disposed had been less or significantly less than what
they had been worth at the time of the Transactions. The claimants simply
plead that the Vessels were sold at their net book value. However, because
there is no mention in the SOC as to what, on the claimants’ case, is the
value of the Vessels at the material time, no significance can be attributed
to the pleaded fact that the Vessels had been disposed of at net book value. A
pleading that the Vessels had been sold at net book value is by itself of no
consequence because the net book value of an asset is at any one point in time
either below, approximate to or above its market value.

35 For completeness, I add that this is not simply a case where the SOC is
defective in not containing the necessary particulars – which might well be
the case if the claimants had pleaded as a bare assertion that the net book
value of the Vessels is lower than their actual value at the material time,
but failed to plead why; the latter would constitute particulars to which its
opponents are entitled, in order to properly understand the nature of the case
against them. In this case, the claimants do not even plead as a bare
assertion that the net book value of the Vessels was lower than their actual
or market value at the material time.

36 I accept that the claimants do plead at the start of para 14(a) of the SOC
that the Vessels were sold for a consideration that is “significantly less
than the value of [the Vessels] in money or in money’s worth”. The claimants
also plead at para 14(b) that the Vessels, subsequent to the Transactions,
came to generate significant revenue for the Defendants. From these
paragraphs, one may surmise that the claimants’ case is that the net book
value of the Vessels would have been lower than what they were actually worth
at the material time, given the substantial financial benefit that they came
to generate for the Defendants subsequent to the Transactions. In my view,
however, this cannot be read as a pleading of a material fact for the purposes
of a cause of action under s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act. That these
paragraphs give rise to a suggestion as to what the claimants’ claim might be
means that there are multiple possible meanings associated with the claimants’
pleading, and is precisely the very defect that warrants the claimants’ claims
being struck out. Since the burden is on the claimants to properly plead its
case (see Chandra Winata Lie ([30] above) at [34]), it is incorrect as a
matter of principle to require the Defendants and a fortiori the court to opt
for a reading that is most favourable to the claimants in determining if the
pleading discloses a reasonable cause of action.

37 It has been emphasised that the court should only exercise its power to
strike out in “plain and obvious” cases (see Gabriel Peter ([27] above) at
[18]). The conclusion that I have reached above does not detract from that
caution. On the basis of the SOC as it stands, even if the claimants succeed
in proving their pleaded case at trial – in particular, that the Defendants
did, subsequent to the Transactions, generate substantial revenue from and
obtained financial benefit from the use of the Vessels – none of the proven
facts would allow the court to determine if the Transactions were at an
undervalue within s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act. Irrespective of the
quantum of financial benefit obtained by the Defendants from the Transactions,
whether the Vessels had been disposed for a lesser consideration than what
they were actually worth still comes to be measured on the basis of what they
had been worth before or at the time of the Transactions, and there is no
basis on which that assessment can take place since the claimants plead no
facts pertaining to what the market or fair value of the Vessels were at the
material time.

38 For the reasons above, to the extent the claimants’ claim are premised on
the Transactions being at an undervalue within s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy
Act, the SOC discloses no reasonable cause of action against the Defendants
and these claims should be struck out.

Whether the claimants’ claims premised on s 98(3)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act are
legally unsustainable?

39 I now turn to the second issue. As a starting point, it is not in dispute,
as pleaded in the SOC, that Xiang Da did not receive any actual payment for
the purchase price of the Vessels, and instead, Xiang Da enjoyed a set-off of
its debts owed to CSC Oil and/or others pursuant to the Transactions. The
Defendants argue that, on the basis of these facts, consideration had been
provided for the sale of the Vessels, and the Transactions cannot be at an
undervalue within s 98(3)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act.

40 Section 98(3) of the Bankruptcy Act is concerned with consideration in the
contractual sense (see Rothstar ([31] above) at [24]). Specifically, s
98(3)(a) is concerned with the existence of consideration (see Rothstar at
[24]). Therefore, a transaction comes within s 98(3)(a) if no contractual
consideration had been provided by the grantee to the grantor. The law of
contract requires that consideration be sufficient in that it must be of some
value in the eyes of the law, but does not require it to be adequate in the
sense of having an objective value, since it is for the contracting parties
and not the court to assess the merits of their bargain (see Andrew Phang Boon
Leong gen ed, The Law of Contract in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed,
2022) (“Contract Law in Singapore”) at para 04.026).

41 It is trite that consideration can exist, even if no property of the
promisee had moved to the promisor in exchange for the promise. This is
because valuable consideration is not restricted only to some right or
interest accruing to the promisor, but it can take the form of some detriment
or loss suffered by the promisee, in the case of which the promisor
nevertheless obtains some corresponding benefit as a result of the detriment
or loss incurred by the promisee (see generally, Contract Law in Singapore at
para 04.004). This can be illustrated with some examples. A promisee’s
forbearance to sue is good consideration for a promise (see Contract Law in
Singapore at para 04.034). The extension of credit to a grantor-company by the
grantee, without any transmission of property from the grantee to the grantor,
also constitutes valid consideration, which our courts have considered as
bringing a transaction outside of s 98(3)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act (see
Vesltra Pte Ltd v Dexia Bank NV [2005] 1 SLR(R) 154 at [48]–[49]).

42 For the claimants to succeed in a claim based on s 98(3)(a), they must
prove that Xiang Da had received no consideration from the disposal of the
Vessels. The claimants’ only pleading pertaining to s 98(3)(a) is that no sale
proceeds had been paid to Xiang Da by any of the Defendants and that there had
been no actual transfer of cash to Xiang Da for the Transactions (see [33]
above). That the Defendants paid no sale proceeds to Xiang Da, and that there
had been no actual transfer of cash to Xiang Da, do not in any way show that
Xiang Da received no consideration for the Transactions. To put it another
way, even if the claimants succeed in proving at trial that the Defendants
paid no sale proceeds to Xiang Da and/or that Xiang Da received no actual cash
payment, the claimants are not any closer to showing that the Transactions
were at an undervalue within s 98(3)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act. To the extent
the claimants’ claims are premised on s 98(3)(a), they are legally
unsustainable.

43 I accept that the claimants do plead in the SOC that in exchange for the
disposal of the Vessels, Xiang Da received the benefit of having its debts to
CSC Oil and/or others set off (see [33] above). In so far as the set-off was
the quid pro quo for the Transactions, it might be contended that this did not
flow from the Defendants, from whose perspective the provision of
consideration is to be assessed for they are in the position of a promisee in
this context (see Contract Law in Singapore at para 04.021). The question then
is whether this part of the pleading can be read as supporting the claimant’s
case that no consideration had been provided for the purposes of s 98(3)(a),
so that any such claim based on s 98(3)(a) is not legally unsustainable. I
answer this in the negative for two reasons.

44 First, for a claim to be struck out on the basis that it is legally
unsustainable, the court must be satisfied that the pleaded facts even if
proven in their entirety would not entitle the claimant to the relief sought.
Thus, for me to conclude that the claimants’ case is legally unsustainable for
the purposes of s 98(3)(a), I need only be satisfied that the facts as pleaded
by the claimant even if proven would fail to show that contractual
consideration had been absent; I do not have to be satisfied that the pleaded
facts if proven would show that consideration had been provided, though that
would obviously be stronger grounds for striking out. Returning to the present
case, the possibility that the set-off might eventually be relied on by the
claimants at trial as the quid pro quo in supporting an argument that the set-
off did not constitute good consideration because it did not flow directly
from the Defendants as the grantees under the Transactions, only means that I
cannot conclude that consideration had been provided on the basis of the
pleaded facts assumed as proven. That, however, is not a conclusion that I
have to arrive at in order to find that the claimants’ claims are legally
unsustainable.

45 Secondly, on a related note to the previous point, one might well say that
the possibility of the set-off being relied on by the claimants as showing
that there had been no good consideration would mean that the claimants’ claim
is not legally unsustainable after all because there is still something in the
SOC by way of pleaded facts that might well show that consideration was
absent. However, this can only assist the claimants if, in the first place, it
is reasonably apparent from the SOC that they intend to rely on this
possibility in their claims based on s 98(3)(a) against the Defendants. I am
not satisfied that this is the case here.

46 Based on the SOC as it stands (see [33] above), the claimants do not rely
on the set-off as part of their case that consideration had been absent. In
other words, it is not the claimants’ pleaded case in the SOC that if such
set-off constituted the quid pro quo for the Transactions, then it would not
have been valid consideration anyway because it did not flow from the
Defendants and so consideration was absent. There is also nothing in the SOC
which states or even suggests that the Defendants did not suffer a
corresponding detriment as a result of the benefit that Xiang Da had
purportedly obtained from the set-off. Given the centrality of pleadings in
delineating the parameters of a dispute (see V Nithia (co-administratrix of
the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam
and another [2015] 5 SLR 1422 at [36]), based on the SOC as it stands, I am
not quite sure whether the Defendants would be permitted to advance at trial a
case based on the set-off not being valid consideration because it did not
flow from the Defendants. All that the claimants are entitled to prove at
trial, which is delineated by their pleaded case, is that consideration for
Xiang Da under the Transactions had been provided by way of set-off of Xiang
Da’s debts to CSC Oil. That alone, however, does not bring the claimants any
closer to showing that consideration had been absent for the purposes of s
98(3)(a). I should also emphasise that the key plank of the claimants’
arguments in the present proceedings is that there had been no consideration
for the sale of the Vessels because Xiang Da received no actual payment for
the Transactions (see [17] above); the claimants did not argue that the set-
off would not constitute valid consideration on the basis that funds for the
set-off had not moved from the Defendants. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Claimants’ written submissions at paras 75–82.

47 For the reasons above, to the extent the claimants’ claims are premised on
the Transactions being at an undervalue within s 98(3)(a) of the Bankruptcy
Act, these claims are legally unsustainable and should be struck out.

48 Before I conclude this section, let me address the claimants’ argument that
no consideration had been provided for the Transactions for the purposes of s
98(3)(a) because Xiang Da’s creditors received no benefit from the
Transactions since no actual payment was made to Xiang Da for the disposal of
the Vessels. In my view, this argument does not assist the claimants.

49 First, the grantor and its creditors are distinct legal entities and s
98(3), quite clearly, is concerned with consideration provided to the grantor
and not its creditors. Secondly, s 98(3) prohibits transactions at an
undervalue, not with the objective of ensuring that any benefit provided to
the grantor by the grantee in exchange for consideration provided by the
grantor accrues to the benefit of all the grantor’s creditors. Instead, the
objective of s 98 is to protect the creditors against a diminution of the
grantor’s assets brought about by a transaction conferring an unfair or
improper advantage on a particular creditor (see Mercator ([21] above) at
[27]). That Xiang Da’s creditors received no direct benefit from the disposal
of the Vessels is not in and of itself relevant. Further, on the claimants’
pleaded case, the objective of s 98 does not appear to have been engaged
because the claimants accept that the Transactions resulted in the set-off of
Xiang Da’s debts to CSC Oil and/or others, which would have served to reduce
Xiang Da’s liabilities. There can accordingly be no diminution of Xiang Da’s
assets.

Whether the claimants’ claims are factually unsustainable because the
Transactions were not at an undervalue?

50 Since the claimants’ claims against the Defendants are premised entirely on
the Transactions being at an undervalue within s 98(3)(a) and/or s 98(3)(c) of
the Bankruptcy Act (see [8] above), given my conclusions above, the entirety
of the claimants’ claims against the Defendants are to be struck out, and so I
allow SUM 1965. The remaining two issues pertaining to the factual
sustainability of the claimants’ claims therefore do not arise for
consideration, but I briefly address them given the arguments that have been
made.

51 SUM 1965 is not concerned with whether the disposal of the Vessels was in
fact an undervalue transaction; that is an issue to be determined when the
claims in OC 194 come to be tried on the merits, for which the legal burden
falls on the claimants (see Kon Yin Tong and another v Leow Boon Cher and
others [2011] SGHC 228 at [49]). The question in SUM 1965 is simply whether
there is any factual basis for the claimants’ claims, and the burden is on the
Defendants to demonstrate that there is none. The Defendants must satisfy the
court, on the basis of the affidavit evidence adduced, that it is “clear
beyond question” (see The “Bunga Melati 5” ([24] above) at [50]) that the
Transactions were not at an undervalue within s 98(3)(a) or s 98(3)(c) of the
Bankruptcy Act. On the other hand, it suffices for the claimants to resist
striking out by showing that they have at least an “arguable case”, even if it
appeared to be weak on the merits (see The “Bunga Melati 5” at [47]). To this
end, the proof which the claimant may point to can be nothing more than his
own uncorroborated and self-serving testimony as to facts within his personal
knowledge (see Chandra Winata Lie ([30] above) at [35]).

52 For the Defendants to show that the claimants’ claims have no factual
basis, they must show either: (a) consideration had been provided by the
Defendants to Xiang Da for the Transactions, so that the Transactions were not
at an undervalue within s 98(3)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act; or (b) the
consideration provided by the Defendants for the Transactions was not
significantly less than the value of the Vessels, so that the Transactions
were not at an undervalue within s 98(3)(c) of the Bankruptcy Act. In other
words, to demonstrate that the claimants’ claims have no factual basis, the
Defendants must point to evidence showing the very opposite of what is
required to constitute a cause of action based on s 98(3)(a) or s 98(3)(c).

53 In connection with s 98(3)(a), the Defendants say that consideration had
been provided. The Defendants point to evidence of the running accounts
between (a) CSC Oil and Xiang Da and (b) NTCS and each of the Defendants. The
running accounts between NTCS and each of the Defendants record NTCS debiting
from its accounts with each of the Defendants a sum corresponding to the full
purchase price of each of the Vessels. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Cheng’s affidavit at paras 45(b), 46(c) and 47(b).

The running accounts between CSC Oil and Xiang Da (which is a separate
document) shows, on the same day the debit transaction in NTCS’s running
accounts had taken place, a corresponding sum was credited to Xiang Da’s
favour, which was then used to set off against the intercompany debts owed by
Xiang Da to CSC Oil. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Cheng’s affidavit at paras 45(c), 46(d) and 47(c).

54 As mentioned earlier, the facts as pleaded in the SOC, even if proven at
trial, do not show the absence of consideration and so any claim based on s
98(3)(a) is legally unsustainable (see [47] above). Be that as it may,
assuming that the SOC is not defective as such and so the claimants are
entitled to mount a claim based on s 98(3)(a), I am not satisfied that it is
“clear beyond question” that consideration had been provided. The claimants
attack the intercompany debts between CSC Oil and Xiang Da, saying that they
are “highly questionable” and “not even proven” to be debts that really exist.
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Mann’s Affidavit at para 20(j).

They question the necessity of some of the expenses that Xiang Da had
incurred, and for which a debt became owing to CSC Oil in the running
accounts, which they say cast doubts on whether these debts were genuine in
the first place. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Mann’s Affidavit at para 20(k).

55 If the intercompany debts do not exist, then there would have been no basis
for CSC Oil to have used the funds from NTCS in the manner recorded in the
running accounts, and in those circumstances, Xiang Da cannot be said to have
obtained any benefit from the disposal of the Vessels. In other words, whether
the running accounts conclusively show that consideration had been provided is
a matter turning on whether the purported intercompany debts between CSC Oil
and Xiang Da indeed exist and whether they are indeed as represented in the
running accounts. There is nothing before me to show that the intercompany
debts as represented in the running accounts are beyond question and the
objections raised by the claimants suggest precisely the opposite.

56 On this point, the Defendants argue that Xiang Da’s audited financial
statements for the year ending 2016 provide an independent source of evidence
about the intercompany debts – the sum recorded therein as owing by Xiang Da
to CSC Oil corresponds with that in the running accounts. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendants’ written submissions at para 63.

I accept that the audited financial statements would be a credible source of
Xiang Da’s financial information at the material time, but it does not address
the claimants’ objection about the intercompany debts. The claimants, as I
understand, do not dispute that the running accounts indeed record Xiang Da as
owing CSC Oil certain sums of monies at various points in time. Their point is
that Xiang Da is unlikely to have incurred several of these expenses in the
first place and so the debts as recorded, which arise from these expenses, are
not genuine. The claimants’ objections can only be answered by going behind
the numbers, including the audited financial statements. I therefore accept
that it is at least arguable as to whether the intercompany debts exist and on
this basis the evidence does not conclusively show that consideration had been
provided to render the claimants’ claims based on s 98(3)(a) factually
unsustainable.

57 In connection with s 98(3)(c), the Defendants say that the Vessels had not
been sold at an undervalue. They rely on two points in support. First, they
emphasise that the court, in valuing consideration, should look at the whole
of the transaction and the totality of the benefits received, and so it is
significant that Xiang Da had received the benefit of having all its debts and
liabilities owed to CSC Oil and other creditors discharged following the
Transactions as part of the Reorganisation Plan. Secondly, valuation reports
also show that the value for which the Vessels had been sold under the
Agreements (net book value) were on par with if not exceeded their fair value
at the time the Agreements were entered into. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Cheng’s Affidavit at paras 35–37.

In response, the claimants question the Defendants’ reliance on the valuation
reports. For example, they say that it is unknown what parameters had been
provided to the valuers for the purposes of the valuation exercise. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Mann’s Affidavit at para 20(e).

The claimants also argue that the value of the Vessels ought to take into
account their revenue-generating potential 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Claimants’ written submissions at paras 85 and 87.

and it is unclear if this attribute had been raised by the Defendants to the
valuer. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Mann’s Affidavit at para 20(e).

58 As mentioned earlier, the SOC contains no pleading of fact showing that the
net book value of the Vessels was significantly less than their market value
at the material time (see [34] above). The pleadings as they stand therefore
do not disclose a reasonable cause of action for a claim based on s 98(3)(c).
Be that as it may, assuming that the SOC was not defective as such and the
claimants are entitled to mount a claim based on s 98(3)(c) and on the basis
that the Vessels were disposed of at a value significantly less than their
market value at the time of the Agreements, I am similarly not satisfied that
it is not “clear beyond question” that the net book value of the Vessels
approximated to or exceeded their market value at the material time.

59 Although the Defendants have adduced valuation reports that prima facie are
reliable and credible, the claimants have cast doubts on the methodology by
which the valuation therein had been arrived at. Whether that methodology is
appropriate for the circumstances of the case, and in turn whether the
valuation arrived at is a fair one, are matters to be determined at the trial
of the action. The questions raised by the claimants about the valuers’
methodology suffice to give rise to an arguable case that the valuation of the
Vessels as recorded in the valuation reports, which largely approximate to the
value under the Agreements, do not represent their fair market value at the
material time. There is accordingly no conclusive evidence before the court as
to what the market value of the Vessels had been at the time of the
Agreements, and so there is no evidence before the court contradicting the
factual basis of a claim premised on s 98(3)(c).

60 I should also add that, in so far as it is the Defendants’ case that Xiang
Da had received benefits of having all its debts and liabilities set off
pursuant to the Transactions, whether those benefits bring the Transactions
outside of s 98(3)(c) is also a matter dependent on a comparison of the value
of these benefits with the fair valuation of the Vessels at the material time.
There is no conclusive evidence before the court as to the latter (see [59]
above), and so even if Xiang Da had received such benefits – which the
claimants appear to question anyway as they challenge the existence of the
very debts and liabilities that had been set off (see [55] above) – that alone
does not contradict the factual basis of a claim premised on s 98(3)(c).

Whether the claimants’ claims are factually unsustainable because Xiang Da had
not been insolvent at the material time?

61 An essential element of the cause of action which the claimants seek to
pursue against the Defendants is that Xiang Da had been insolvent, in
particular, at the time the Agreements were entered into (see Encus
International Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) v Tenacious Investment Pte
Ltd and others [2016] 2 SLR 1178 (“Encus International”) at [53]). The
solvency of a company, in the context of an undervalue transaction, can be
determined by the cash flow test or the balance sheet test, or both, depending
on the circumstances of the case (see Encus International at [53]; Parakou
Shipping Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Liu Cheng Chan and others [2017] SGHC 15
(“Parakou”) at [64]). Under the cash flow test, a company is insolvent if it
is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; under the balance sheet test, a
company is insolvent if the value of its assets is less than the amount of its
liabilities, taking into account its contingent and prospective liabilities
(see Parakou at [64]).

62 For the Defendants to show that the claims are factually unsustainable on
the basis of Xiang Da’s solvency, they need to show that Xiang Da was not
insolvent at the material time on the basis of both the balance sheet and cash
flow tests. On the other hand, the claimants need only show an arguable case
about Xiang Da’s solvency on either test.

63 Xiang Da’s audited financial statements for the year ending 31 December
2016 recorded Xiang Da’s total assets as US$59,225,567 and its total
liabilities as US$63,635,898. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Cheng’s Affidavit at p 519.

Of the total liabilities, US$47,850,800 is recorded as an intercompany loan
owing to “Immediate parent company” (a reference to CSC Oil) that is
“unsecured, interest-free and no repayment term”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Cheng’s Affidavit at p 537.

Xiang Da’s audited financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2017
recorded it as having no liabilities and with total assets worth US$1. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Cheng’s Affidavit at p 556.

The Defendants explain that this is because, following the Transactions, CSC
Oil wrote off the intercompany debts owed by Xiang Da to CSC Oil, and also
continued to pay off all Xiang Da’s other trade creditors as and when those
other debts fell due. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Cheng’s Affidavit at paras 55–59.

I also note that, for the purposes of these proceedings, the parties have
proceeded on the basis that Xiang Da’s financial position at the time the
Agreements were entered into is to be determined on the basis of its 2016
audited financial statements. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defendants’ written submissions at paras 83(g) and 84(a); Claimants’ written
submissions at para 68.

64 Although Xiang Da’s assets exceed its liabilities as at the time of the
Agreements, the Defendants’ position is that Xiang Da is nevertheless not
balance sheet insolvent. This Defendants argue that the liabilities under the
intercompany loans with CSC Oil should be disregarded when applying the
balance sheet test because at all material times, there was no intention on
the part of CSC Oil to demand repayment of the loan. Indeed, it was a term of
the Reorganisation Plan that CSC Oil would write off Xiang Da’s liabilities
under the intercompany loans after the Transactions were concluded pursuant to
the Reorganisation Plan. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendants’ written submissions at para 84(d).

65 The question of whether Xiang Da was balance sheet insolvent turns on
whether CSC Oil intended to demand repayment of the intercompany loans at the
time of the Agreements, an issue for which there are arguments going both
ways. On the one hand, it is persuasive for the Defendants to contend that the
carrying into effect of the Reorganisation Proposal shows that CSC Oil did not
intend to call on the debts under the intercompany loans, which would have
thrown a spanner into what the Reorganisation Proposal was to achieve. This
would militate in favour of the liabilities under the intercompany loans being
excluded from the balance sheet test. After all, the court adopts a commercial
and not technical approach in determining balance sheet insolvency, and a
deficiency of net assets per se is indicative but not determinative of
insolvency (see Chip Thye Enterprises Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Phay Gi Mo
and others [2004] 1 SLR(R) 434 (“Chip Thye”) at [19]). On the other hand,
under the terms of the Reorganisation Proposal, it was never intended that CSC
Oil would write off Xiang Da’s debts gratuitously. Further, given the sequence
of events contemplated under the Reorganisation Proposal (see [10] above), it
appears that CSC Oil would only have proceeded with writing off Xiang Da’s
debts after it received the sale proceeds of the Vessels. Indeed, based on the
running accounts that the Defendants have adduced as evidence, each time CSC
Oil received monies to the credit of Xiang Da, they were immediately used to
set off debts owed by Xiang Da to CSC Oil. It is to some extent persuasive for
the claimants to contend that CSC Oil’s course of conduct is inconsistent with
it never intending to call on the debts under the intercompany loans. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Claimants’ written submissions at paras 85(e)–85(f).

66 Turning to the cash flow test, the Defendants’ position is that Xiang Da
had been able to pay its debts as they fell due at the time of the Agreements
because, as recorded in Xiang Da’s 2017 and 2015 audited financial statements,
CSC Oil had undertaken to provide the necessary financial support to Xiang Da
to enable Xiang Da to continue in operate and meet its liabilities as and when
they fell due. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Cheng’s Affidavit at para 60; Mann’s Affidavit at p 116.

The court should therefore take into account the financial support from CSC
Oil in determining the cash flow solvency of Xiang Da. The Defendants also
emphasise that the bulk of Xiang Da’s debts at the time of the Agreements were
debts under the intercompany loans, for which CSC Oil had no intention to
demand repayment. These debts under the intercompany loan should therefore be
excluded from the assessment of solvency under the cash flow test. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defendants’ written submissions at paras 83(d)–83(g).

67 The question of whether Xiang Da was cash flow insolvent turns on whether
CSC Oil intended to demand repayment under the intercompany loans at the time
of the Agreements and whether CSC Oil would have continued to provide the
necessary financial support to Xiang Da to enable it to meet all its
liabilities as they fell due. Again, there are arguments going both ways for
each of these issues. On the one hand, and for the reasons mentioned earlier
(at [65]), the evidence suggests that CSC did not intend to call on the debts
under the intercompany loans. If that were the case, then these debts are to
be ignored in determining Xiang Da’s cash flow insolvency (see Seah Chee Wan
and another v Connectus Group Pte Ltd [2019] SGHC 228 at [107]). It is also
not in dispute that CSC Oil had indeed, following the Transactions, paid off
Xiang Da’s other trade and financial liabilities so that these liabilities
were all reduced to zero in the 2017 audited financial statements, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Cheng’s Affidavit at para 56.

consistent with the statements of support provided previously. Similarly, such
financial support that would enable Xiang Da to discharge its debts are
relevant in the assessment of its cash flow solvency (see Chip Thye ([65]
above) at [17]–[19]). On the other hand, as I have mentioned earlier, it is to
some extent persuasive for the claimants to contend that CSC Oil’s course of
conduct is inconsistent with it never intending to call on the debts under the
intercompany loans. The statements of support are also not conclusive as to
whether CSC Oil would provide such financial support to Xiang Da in any event.

68 The presence of doubts either way in connection with the issues of whether
CSC Oil intended to demand repayment of the intercompany loans and/or whether
CSC Oil would have continued to provide the necessary financial support to
Xiang Da to enable it to meet its liabilities as they fell due, emphasise the
need for the question of whether Xiang Da was balance sheet and/or cash flow
insolvent to be resolved at trial, where these issues may be determined
pursuant to a full fact-finding process. A court should not in a striking out
application choose between conflicting accounts of crucial facts like these
(see The Bunga Melati 5 ([24] above) at [45]). I therefore cannot conclude, on
the evidence before me, that Xiang Da was neither balance sheet insolvent nor
cash flow insolvent at the time of the Agreements, which is the requisite
threshold for me to find that the claimants’ claims are factually
unsustainable.

69 For completeness, I address the claimants’ argument that the claims under
ADM 56 (see [6] above) ought to be taken into account in assessing Xiang Da’s
solvency under the balance sheet test because these claims constitute a
“contingent liability” at the time of the Agreements. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Mann’s Affidavit at para 21(d); Claimants’ written submissions at para 71.

The point made by the claimants is that these claims arise from a contract of
carriage that had been entered into by Xiang Da in April 2016, and Zhang and
Wu had entered into the Agreements in anticipation of the commencement of ADM
56 on 1 April 2017.

70 A ”contingent liability” is a liability or loss which arises out of an
existing legal obligation or state of affairs but which is dependent on the
happening of an event which may or may not occur; whether a contingent
liability should be taken into account in assessing the company’s solvency at
a material time depends on whether it is reasonably likely to materialise (see
OP3 International Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Foo Kian Beng [2022] SGHC 225
(“OP3 International”) at [37]).

71 The court should not employ hindsight in considering the question of
contingent liability; this analysis is rooted in the facts and circumstances
at a particular point in time, and a company and its directors cannot possibly
be expected to act on the basis of facts and circumstances which they are
unaware and of which they would only become aware at some point in the future
(see OP3 International at [44]–[45]). In this vein, I note that the Defendants
have relied heavily on the fact that the claims in ADM 56 were subsequently
withdrawn and culminated in a Deed of Settlement, and that Xiang Da had been
informed sometime in June 2017 by Ningbo’s lawyers that ADM 56 had been filed
purely for “strategic purposes” 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Cheng’s affidavit at paras 64 and 65.

to argue that the claims in ADM 56 are not contingent liabilities. Following
the caution in OP3 International, the fact that the claims in ADM 56
subsequently came to be regarded as without merit is not conclusive as to
whether those claims were reasonably likely to crystalise into liabilities for
Xiang Da at the time the Agreements were entered into and in turn, what Xiang
Da’s directors would have perceived of those claims at that point in time. The
focus should be on what were the facts and circumstances known to Xiang Da’s
directors at the time the Agreements were entered into.

72 In terms of the chronology of events, it is not in dispute that ADM 56 was
only commenced after the Agreements were entered into. As the Defendants’
counsel explained in their submissions, the Agreements would have been
concluded by 17 March 2017 at the latest. This is because the Agreements
provided for the deposit for the purchase price of the Vessels to be paid
within three banking days from the date of the Agreement, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Cheng’s Affidavit at pp 194, 201 and 208.

and based on a remittance slip recording a transfer of the sum total of the
deposit for the Vessels from NTCS to CSC Oil on 17 March 2017, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Cheng’s Affidavit at para 42.

it cannot be in dispute that the deposit was paid by 17 March 2017. The
Defendants’ position that they only came to know of ADM 56 on 26 May 2017 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Cheng’s Affidavit at para 64.

also appear to be undisputed by the claimants who did not respond to this in
their reply affidavit filed for these proceedings. However, the claimants’
case is that Zhang and Wu had procured Xiang Da’s entry into the Agreements in
anticipation of the claims in ADM 56. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

SOC at para 25.

On that basis, that ADM 56 was commenced after the Agreements were entered
into, or that the Defendants only came to know of ADM 56 in May 2017, is
neither here nor there. The key is Zhang and Wu’s state of mind at the time
the Agreements were entered into and whether the circumstances then were such
that they would have considered it likely that Xiang Da will eventually be
found liable for the claims in ADM 56, so that these claims can be regarded as
contingent liabilities. These are matters that can only be determined at a
trial. Accordingly, I cannot conclude on the evidence before me that the
claims in ADM 56 are contingent liabilities for the purposes of assessing
Xiang Da’s solvency, or otherwise.

Whether the claimants should be ordered to pay SFC to the Defendants?

73 This issue does not arise for consideration given my conclusion above that
the claimants’ claims against the Defendants are to be struck out.
Nonetheless, if I had to decide the issue, I would have ordered the claimants
to pay SFC. Let me briefly explain.

74 A two-stage test applies in considering whether SFC should be ordered: the
first stage concerns whether the court’s discretion to order SFC under s
388(1) of the Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) or O 9 r 12 of the ROC 2021
should be invoked; the second stage concerns whether it is just for the court
to order SFC having regard to all the relevant circumstances of the case (see
SW Trustees Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) and another v Teodros Ashenafi
Tesemma and others [2023] SGHC 160 (“SW Trustees”) at [14]). As the parties’
arguments showed, there is no dispute that the first stage of the inquiry had
been satisfied. Xiang Da is an insolvent company in liquidation. As for the
second claimant, being the liquidator of Xiang Da, he is a “nominal
plaintiff”, and the fact that C&G had provided to him an indemnity to pursue
the claims in OC 194 against the Defendants 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Mann’s Affidavit at para 34.

only serve to emphasise that the second claimant himself will not be paying
any of the Defendants’ costs (see also SW Trustees at [27]).

75 In my view, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, it is just
for SFC to be ordered, and I reject the arguments put forward the claimants in
resisting the Defendants’ entitlement to SFC. First, I disagree with the
claimants that their claims would be stifled if SFC were ordered; to the
contrary, the indemnity provided by C&G to the second claimant explicitly
states that C&G would indemnify the claimants in connection with any SFC that
the court may order the claimants to furnish. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Mann’s Affidavit at p 971.

Secondly, I reject the claimants’ argument that Xiang Da’s current state of
affairs had been brought about by the Transactions. Based on Xiang Da’s
unaudited financial statements ending 31 December 2016, prior to the
Transactions, Xiang Da’s liabilities exceeded its assets. However, based on
the unaudited financial statements ending 31 December 2017, these liabilities
were apparently reduced to zero. The liabilities that Xiang Da is presently
faced would appear to have arisen out of orders for payment of costs and
disbursements made in C&G’s favour in respect of Third Party Proceedings in
ADM 56, which were commenced only in January 2019 (see [6] above). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Cheng’s Affidavit at para 79.

I do not see how it can be contended that the Transactions brought about Xiang
Da’s current financial state of affairs, when the court proceedings from which
these present liabilities arose were commenced significantly after the
Transactions were concluded. Thirdly, the fact that C&G has provided an
indemnity to the second claimant does not mean that the Defendants would have
recourse for their costs in OC 194. C&G’s indemnity to the second claimant
does not in effect give an indemnity to the Defendants; the indemnity is for
the second claimant’s benefit alone (see SW Trustees ([74] above) at [46]). In
the absence of SFC, the Defendants are limited to the claimants alone for the
recovery of costs, if any.

76 As for the quantum of the SFC, the Defendants have asked for a total sum of
$150,000, up to and including the trial of OC 194. The Defendants explained
that they have arrived at this figure by using: (a) $70,000 for pre-trial
costs (the uppermost limit of the costs range for Commercial cases in the
Costs Guidelines in Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2021
(“Appendix G”)); and (b) a sum total of $80,000 for trial costs, which is
arrived at using a daily tariff of $16,000 (which is also the uppermost limit
of the relevant costs range in Appendix G) multiplied by five days, assuming a
five-day trial. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendants’ written submissions at para 112.

The claimants submit that using the uppermost limit of the costs range is
justified because if OC 194 proceeds to trial, it is likely to involve expert
witnesses pertaining to the valuation of the Vessels and/or the accounts of
Xiang Da for the purposes of determining its solvency. Also, much of the
evidence in OC 194, including documentary evidence and witness testimony,
would have to be translated or interpreted into Chinese. The claimants did not
dispute any of that or propose a different quantum for SFC.

77 I agree with the Defendants that it would be appropriate to rely on the
uppermost limit of the relevant costs range in Appendix G to quantify SFC.
However, I have reservations as to whether the Defendants ought to be entitled
to SFC for trial costs at this stage, where the matter appears to be quite far
from being set down for trial, and there appears to be no visibility as to who
are the factual or expert witnesses that both sides will call upon to testify.
SFC is meant to protect a defendant’s costs exposure brought upon by
litigation by an impecunious claimant. A defendant can only be expected to
apply for SFC for a particular stage of the proceedings when it comes to
possess the relevant information on which it may determine its likely costs
exposure for that stage of the proceedings (see SW Trustees ([74] above) at
[64]). On this basis, it is difficult to see why the Defendants should be
entitled to SFC for a stage of the proceedings, in connection with which the
parties presently appear to have no information on. I accept that SFC
applications under the ROC 2021 are to be made as part of the single
application pending trial (“SAPT”) (see O 9 r 9(4) of the ROC 2021), but
surely it could not have been an intended consequence of the SAPT that a
defendant can now be entitled to SFC for a part of the court proceedings for
which there is no material or information that can enable the defendant to
ascertain its likely costs exposure or for the claimant to assess if the
quantum of SFC requested for by the defendant is justified. Also,
notwithstanding the SAPT, the court has the power to allow a defendant to
apply for SFC even after the SAPT, if new information subsequently emerges as
to enable the defendant to better quantify the SFC it needs with respect to
later stages of the proceedings (see SW Trustees at [65]). Therefore, if the
issue had arisen for decision, I would have limited the SFC to which the
claimants are entitled to the pre-trial stage which, adopting the claimants’
quantification, is fixed at $70,000.

Conclusion

78 For the above reasons, I allow SUM 1965 and I order that the claimants’
claims in OC 194 be struck out in their entirety pursuant to O 9 r 16(1)(a)
and O 9 r 16(1)(c) of the ROC 2021, as these claims are premised on the
Transactions being at an undervalue within s 98(3)(a) and/or s 98(3)(c) of the
Bankruptcy Act which, in my view, respectively disclose no reasonable cause of
action and are legally unsustainable.

79 I will hear the parties on the consequential orders to be made in respect
of SUM 1967 as well as the costs of these summonses separately.

Postscript

80 At the hearing where I delivered this judgment to the parties, the
claimants’ counsel pointed out that there were also claims against Zhang and
Wu for breach of fiduciary and/or statutory duties (see [8] above) by virtue
of them having procured Xiang Da’s entry into the Transactions alone,
irrespective of whether the Transactions had been at an undervalue within s
98(3) of the Bankruptcy Act, and the claimants’ claims for knowing receipt
and/or dishonest assistance against the Defendants were in part also based on
those breaches. An issue was therefore raised as to whether my decision in SUM
1965, which proceeded on the basis that the claimants’ claims against the
Defendants were premised entirely on the Transactions being at an undervalue
within s 98(3) of the Bankruptcy Act (see [50] above), would not have dealt
with those claims for knowing receipt and/or dishonest assistance identified
by counsel.

81 I did not consider this to be an issue. Let me explain why so by reference
to the SOC itself. Paragraphs 11 to 13 of the SOC describe the Transactions,
the manner in which they were carried out, and that Xiang Da had been
insolvent at the time of the Transactions or became insolvent as a result of
the Transactions. Paragraph 14 of the SOC goes on to plead that the
Transactions were, for the reasons I have alluded to earlier in reciting the
claimants’ case (see [4] above), at an undervalue. Paragraphs 15 to 18 set out
the various duties owed by Zhang and Wu as directors and/or trustees of Xiang
Da’s assets and also that Zhang and Wu owed duties to Xiang Da’s creditors
given Xiang Da’s insolvency or parlous financial state at the time of the
Transactions. Paragraph 19 of the SOC then states:

In breach of their abovestated fiduciary and/or statutory duties and/or their
duties as trustees, Zhang and/or Wu carried out or caused to have been carried
out the Transactions above without any sale proceeds having been paid to Xiang
Da and, as stated in paragraphs 14(a) and 14(b) above, the Transactions were
carried out at an undervalue. As a result, Xiang Da suffered loss and damage.

[emphasis added in italics and underline]

The remainder of the SOC sets out the claims for knowing receipt and/or
dishonest assistance against the Defendants, as well as the claims for
fraudulent trading against Zhang and Wu, and finally, the reliefs sought by
the claimants.

82 The claimants’ counsel emphasised that the part of para 19 of the SOC which
I have italicised above and specifically the word “and” showed the disjunction
between the Transactions and the Transactions having been carried out at an
undervalue. I accept this, in so far as it is a description of the words
contained in para 19 of the SOC. However, no material facts whatsoever have
been pleaded by the claimants as to how Xiang Da’s entry into the Transactions
alone gave rise to a breach of fiduciary and/or statutory duties by Zhang
and/or Wu. In the absence of such pleaded facts, obviously the SOC could not
have been read as containing claims against Zhang and/or Wu for breach of
fiduciary and/or statutory duties, mounted on the basis of them having
procured Xiang Da’s entry into the Transactions alone independently of whether
the Transactions were at an undervalue. Be that as it may, if I were wrong in
my reading of the SOC, the absence of such material facts would mean that even
if any such claims existed, the SOC discloses no reasonable cause of action,
and they are liable to be struck out pursuant to O 9 r 16(1)(a) of the ROC
2021 in any event. Finally, I should also add, as the parties’ submissions and
their respective positions in SUM 1965 clearly show (see [15]–[19] above),
this characterisation of the claimants’ claim is not that which had been
relied on by the claimants for the purposes of SUM 1965.

Perry Peh  
Assistant Registrar|  
---|---  
  
Anthony Soh (Alcove Law LLC) for the claimants;

Una Khng, Huang Peide and Iris Ng (Helmsman LLC) for the third to fifth
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Sep 2023 (09:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

