Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 153

Originating Claim No 130 of 2022 (Summons No 2564 of 2022)

Between

(1)| Parastate Labs Inc  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

(1)| Wang Li  
---|---  
(2)| Yang Zhou  
(3)| Babel Asia Asset Management Private Limited  
(4)| Babel Holding Limited  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Mareva injunctions — quantum of Mareva injunction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Parastate Labs Inc

  
v

  

Wang Li and others

[2023] SGHC 153

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 130 of 2022 (Summons
No 2564 of 2022)  
Andre Maniam J  
14 July, 28 November 2022

26 May 2023

Andre Maniam J:

Introduction

1 I granted the claimant (“Parastate”) an injunction prohibiting the disposal
of assets worldwide (“Mareva injunction”) against the first defendant, Mr
Wang.

2 As Parastate’s evidence of its ability to meet its undertaking as to damages
was unsatisfactory, I set the quantum of the Mareva injunction at US$2.5m,
half of the US$5m that Parastate had applied to injunct.

3 In CA/CA 16/2023, Parastate has appealed against my decision not to injunct
the full amount of US$5m sought by it. These are my grounds of decision.

Background

4 Parastate invested in the Babel Quant Alpha USDT Fund (“the Fund”), which
was managed by a cryptocurrency financial services provider trading as “Babel
Finance”.

5 The Babel Finance entity that Parastate contracted with was the third
defendant (“Babel Asia”), a company wholly owned by the fourth defendant
(“Babel Holding”).

6 Mr Wang and the second defendant, Mr Yang, were two of five co-founders of
Babel Holding: at the time of incorporation, Mr Wang had a 30% shareholding
and Mr Yang had a 40% shareholding. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Mr Yang’s 1st Affidavit, 28 October 2022, para 10.

Mr Wang and Mr Yang were also directors of Babel Asia for certain periods of
time.

7 Parastate and Babel Asia entered into a management agreement, following
which Parastate invested US$5m into the Fund, in the form of the USDT
cryptocurrency.

Procedural history

Mareva injunction

8 By way of SUM 2564/2022, Parastate applied ex parte for a Mareva injunction
against both Mr Wang and Mr Yang.

9 That ex parte application was heard by me on 14 July 2022. I declined to
grant an injunction on an ex parte basis; instead, I directed that the
application be converted to an inter partes one, and gave directions for
Parastate to address certain matters at the inter partes hearing.

10 The inter partes hearing proceeded on 28 November 2022. By then, Parastate
had decided that it would only seek an injunction against Mr Wang, and not
also Mr Yang. I granted the Mareva injunction against Mr Wang, but for a
quantum of US$2.5m instead of $5m as sought by Parastate.

Stay of proceedings

11 In HC/SUM 3639/2022 I granted a mandatory arbitration stay of Parastate’s
claims against Babel Asia. In HC/SUM 3651/2022 I granted a case management
stay of the rest of the action. In CA/CA 15/2022 Parastate has appealed
against the case management stay.

12 There is a pending application (in HC/SUM 1179/2023) by Parastate to lift
the case management stay in relation to Mr Wang and Mr Yang, as Babel Asia is
presently subject to a moratorium against proceedings. That application is
scheduled for hearing before me next month.

Parastate’s unsatisfactory evidence as to its ability to meet its undertaking
as to damages

Parastate’s breach of the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2021

13 In its application for the Mareva injunction, Parastate duly included the
prescribed undertaking as to damages: “If the Court later finds that this
order has caused loss to the defendant, and decides that the defendant should
be compensated for that loss, the claimant will comply with any order the
Court may make.”

14 However, Parastate’s supporting affidavit (a solicitor’s affidavit
exhibiting a draft client affidavit) said nothing about Parastate’s ability to
meet that undertaking.

15 Parastate’s application was filed as a summons for injunction without
notice, and para 73(1)(f) of the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2021
(“Practice Directions”) required Parastate, as the applicant, to include in
the affidavit prepared and filed in support of the application the following
information under clearly defined headings: “… (f) An undertaking to pay for
losses that may be caused to the opponent or other persons by the granting of
the orders sought, stating what assets are available to meet that undertaking
and to whom the assets belong”.

16 All that was said about the undertaking in Parastate’s supporting affidavit
was, in the draft client affidavit:

F. UNDERTAKING TO PAY DAMAGES

64\. The Claimant undertakes to abide by an order for damages that this Court
should make should the Court be of the opinion that the 1st Defendant and the
2nd Defendant has sustained damage by virtue of this injunction. If necessary,
the Claimant will fortify the undertaking herein.

17 That simply said that Parastate was giving the prescribed undertaking, and
would fortify it if necessary. Nothing was said about what assets were
available to meet that undertaking and to whom the assets belonged; this was
information that the Practice Directions required Parastate to provide.

18 At the ex parte hearing on 14 July 2022, all that Parastate’s counsel could
say about Parastate’s ability to meet its undertaking was that he was
instructed that Parastate could meet an order for damages, and that he could
take instructions on fortification – that obviously fell short of the
information required by the Practice Directions.

Parastate’s breach of the court’s direction

19 At the ex parte hearing, I declined to grant the Mareva injunction.
Instead, I directed that the application proceed on an inter partes basis, and
required Parastate to address certain matters at the inter partes hearing, one
of which was its ability to meet an order as to damages (on its undertaking).

20 In response, Parastate filed the 2nd affidavit of Mr Chen Jiayi dated 11
August 2022 with a section from paras 31–33 on “Claimant’s ability to meet
undertaking as to damages”. Mr Chen said, in para 31, that Parastate was a
company incorporated in Delaware, a project for which the founders used their
own money to invest in September 2020; a corporate restructuring had just been
completed recently and hence Parastate did not have any financial statements
prepared since it was started. He went on to say that he nevertheless believed
that Parastate had the ability to meet an undertaking as to damages as it had
raised US$11.8m in funding over the past 1.5 years: US$1.3m on 27 January
2021, US$5m on 9 April 2021, and US$5.5m on 14 July 2021. In para 32 he
referred to news articles about that funding, copies of which were exhibited
to his affidavit. He concluded by saying in para 33, “I confirm that the
Claimant is financially sound.”

21 Paragraphs 31–33 of Mr Chen’s 2nd affidavit still fell short of what the
Practice Directions required. He did not say what assets were available to
meet Parastate’s undertaking and to whom the assets belonged. He mentioned in
his 2nd affidavit that Parastate had raised US$11.8m, but the last funding
date was on 14 July 2021, more than a year ago. Of the US$11.8m, presumably
US$5m had gone into Parastate’s cryptocurrency investment in the Fund. Given
the financial difficulties Babel Asia had mentioned, it appears that the sum
which had gone to Babel Asia would not be available to meet Parastate’s
undertaking if Parastate should fail in its claims against Mr Wang and be
ordered to pay him damages on its undertaking.

22 As for the balance US$6.8m raised, Mr Chen did not say how much of that
Parastate still had, or in what form Parastate’s assets were. For instance,
were Parastate’s assets in the form of cryptocurrency? If so, how much were
those assets worth? And were there any issues with how those assets were held
– like there were with the cryptocurrency Parastate had invested with Babel
Asia? The fact that Parastate did not have any financial statements was a poor
excuse for Mr Chen not disclosing the worth of Parastate’s assets. Parastate
and Mr Chen must have known what Parastate’s assets were worth (and not just
what Parastate had previously raised in funding) but they simply did not say.

23 Unsurprisingly, Mr Wang attacked Parastate’s evidence, saying that
Parastate would have had to produce information about its financial position
to third parties to secure the US$11.8m in funding, and yet it provided no
information to the court other than the dates and amounts of funding raised;
Parastate provided no bank statements, or statements of accounts. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Mr Wang’s submissions, paras 98–100.

24 To that, Mr Yang added that Parastate had provided no evidence as to its
financial state since July 2021 (the date of the last funding), and the
funding referred to was before the crypto crash in mid-2022. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Yang’s submissions, paras 54–59.

25 I agreed with Mr Wang and Mr Yang that Parastate’s evidence about its
ability to meet its undertaking was unsatisfactory. Parastate continued to be
in breach of the Practice Directions as well as the court’s direction that it
address its ability to meet its undertaking.

Material non-disclosure by Parastate

26 Mareva relief may be refused in cases where the plaintiff has not come to
court with clean hands: JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and
others [2018] 2 SLR 159 (“JTrust”) at [84]–[92], and that includes cases where
there has been a failure to make full and frank disclosure in seeking relief
ex parte: JTrust at [84(b)], [89]– [92].

27 Parastate’s unsatisfactory evidence as to its ability to meet its
undertaking was one aspect of its material non-disclosure in seeking relief ex
parte.

28 Another aspect (which involved another breach of the Practice Directions)
was Parastate’s deliberate omission of prescribed undertakings 9 and 10 in
Form 25 of Appendix A of the Practice Directions:

9\. The claimant will not without the permission of the Court begin
proceedings against the defendant in any other jurisdiction or use information
obtained as a result of an order of the Court in this jurisdiction for the
purpose of civil or criminal proceedings in any other jurisdiction.

10\. The claimant will not without the permission of the Court seek to enforce
this order in any country outside Singapore (or seek an order of a similar
nature including orders conferring a charge or other security against the
defendant or the defendant’s assets).

29 Paragraph 72 of the Practice Directions states that Forms 24, 25, and 26 of
Appendix A (as the case may be) should be used except to the extent that the
judge hearing a particular application considers there is a good reason for
adopting a different form, and “Any departure from the terms of the prescribed
forms should be justified by the applicant in his or her supporting
affidavit(s).”

30 Parastate’s application for the Mareva injunction did not include
prescribed undertakings 9 and 10, but Parastate’s supporting affidavit did not
mention, let alone justify, such departure from the prescribed Form 25.

31 At the ex parte hearing, I noted that prescribed undertakings 9 and 10 were
missing from the application, and asked Parastate’s counsel whether there was
an intention to commence proceedings in other jurisdictions. My notes of the
ex parte hearing (which were not verbatim notes) do not record that query, but
they record counsel’s response: that Parastate might make a mirror application
in Hong Kong, and that is why those prescribed undertakings were not included
in the application. In short, the omission of the prescribed undertakings was
deliberate.

32 Pursuant to the Practice Directions, Parastate should have been forthright
and mentioned the omission of the prescribed undertakings in the supporting
affidavit, rather than to only mention it in a response to a query from the
court (in the event of the court noticing that the prescribed undertakings
were missing).

33 I also highlighted to counsel that the importance of those undertakings was
explained by the Court of Appeal in Bouvier, Yves Charles Edgar and another v
Accent Delight International Ltd and another and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR
558. In that case, the court said at [131]:

We will close off this discussion on the abuse of court process with an
observation. When a plaintiff seeks a worldwide Mareva injunction from a
Singapore court, the plaintiff should ordinarily undertake to the court that
it shall not, without the court’s leave, enforce the injunction or seek an
order of a similar nature in any jurisdiction outside Singapore. This is a
standard undertaking found in the prescribed form for a worldwide Mareva
injunction: Form 7 of the Practice Directions at Sched 1, para 8. This
undertaking plays a vital role because it protects a defendant from the risk
of oppression which may arise from a multiplicity of suits: Dadourian Group
International Inc v Simms [2006] 1 WLR 2499 at [2] and [24]. Courts have gone
so far as to say that a worldwide Mareva injunction should not be granted
unless the plaintiff gives such an undertaking: Re Bank of Credit and Commerce
International SA [1994] 3 All ER 764 at 794. This undertaking was not given by
the respondents, and it appears that they have taken steps to enforce the
Mareva injunction against Mr Bouvier overseas without obtaining any leave from
the court to do so.

34 I directed Parastate to address at the inter partes hearing, why prescribed
undertakings 9 and 10 should not be required in light of the Court of Appeal’s
observations in Bouvier.

35 In response, Mr Chen said at para 34 of his 2nd affidavit:

D. THE UNDERTAKINGS TO BE GIVEN TO THE COURT NOT TO ENFORCE OR APPLY FOR A
SIMILAR ORDER IN ANY COURT OUTSIDE SINGAPORE WITHOUT THE PERMISSION OF THIS
COURT

34\. I am advised and has [sic] been advised that the undertakings are usual
undertakings that have to be given, and I have therefore instructed my
solicitors to include them in the Summons.

36 At the inter partes hearing, Parastate’s counsel accepted that the
prescribed undertakings should be included, and the Mareva injunction I
granted thus incorporated those undertakings. Nevertheless, Parastate’s
earlier conduct remained a relevant consideration.

37 In relation to Parastate’s deliberate omission of prescribed undertakings 9
and 10, not only did Parastate not disclose that to the court, but it did not
cite the Court of Appeal decision of Bouvier which discussed the importance of
those undertakings, nor did it cite the subsequent Court of Appeal decision of
JTrust which cited Bouvier (see JTrust at [109]–[118]).

38 Had I granted the Mareva injunction at the ex parte stage, it would have
been susceptible to being set aside for material non-disclosure, although the
court would have had a discretion nevertheless to continue the injunction or
to re-grant it on new terms: JTrust at [90], particularly [90(e)]. On a parity
of reasoning, if the material non-disclosure were detected by the court at the
ex parte stage, and consequently no injunction were granted at that stage, it
would remain open to the court to take into account the non-disclosure and
refuse to grant the injunction at the inter partes stage: JTrust at [92] where
the court mentioned “discharge or denial of Mareva relief”, and “the discharge
or the refusal of the injunctions” [emphasis added].

39 I thus considered Parastate’s material non-disclosures (both in relation to
its ability to meet its undertaking as to damages, and in deliberately
omitting prescribed undertakings 9 and 10) in deciding Parastate’s Mareva
application.

The appropriate quantum of the injunction

40 In granting the injunction, I required that Parastate fortify its
undertaking by paying S$50,000 into court. That was at the top end of the
S$30,000– S$50,000 range suggest by Parastate’s counsel. Even so, S$50,000 was
less than 1% of the US$5m Parastate had asked to injunct, and less than 2% of
the US$2.5m that I did injunct. If the court should later decide that the
injunction was wrongly asked for, and directed an inquiry as to damages, Mr
Wang might well find himself with no recourse beyond the S$50,000 provided by
Parastate as fortification, and injuncting US$2.5m (let alone US$5m) might
have caused him loss well beyond S$50,000.

41 In Maldives Airport Co Ltd and another v GMR Male International Airport Pte
Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 449 (“Maldives Airport”), the Court of Appeal set aside an
injunction, mentioning as the final factor in that case, the respondent’s
ability to make good on its cross-undertaking (at [79]–[80]). The court noted
that one of the solicitors acting for the respondent claimed that the
respondent “would plainly be able to satisfy any award that may be made in
[the Appellants’] favour”, but there was no evidence to substantiate that
claim. The court also noted that the judge who granted the injunction appeared
to have been influenced by a contention that the respondent was a company of
good financial standing, given its paid-up capital of US$40.2m. But the court
held: “a company’s paid-up capital is not proof of its creditworthiness, and,
if it had come down to it, the absence of evidence on this score would also
have weighed against the granting of the Injunction” (at [80]).

42 Similarly, Parastate’s mention of funds it had raised a year ago was not
proof of its creditworthiness at the time it sought the Mareva injunction.

43 Parastate’s unsatisfactory evidence in this regard weighed against the
granting of the Mareva injunction. However, the ultimate question is still
whether “it appears to the court to be just or convenient that such order
should be made”: s 4(10), Civil Law Act 1909 (2020 Rev Ed).

44 Parastate sought an injunction for US$5m, as that was the amount of its
investment in the Fund. I agreed that it had established a good arguable case
against Mr Wang, and a real risk of dissipation. However, having regard to
Parastate’s conduct as detailed above, I considered that the just and
convenient thing to do would be to grant an injunction for half the sum
claimed, ie, US$2.5m instead of US$5m. I further ordered that the parties be
at liberty to apply to vary the amount either way, but there has been no such
variation application to date.

45 From Parastate’s perspective, if it were to succeed in its claim against Mr
Wang, only half of its claimed sum would have been injuncted. From Mr Wang’s
perspective, though, if Parastate were to fail in its claim against Mr Wang
and Parastate were ordered to pay him damages on its undertaking, the lower
quantum of the injunction would tend to have caused Mr Wang less damage to be
compensated.

46 In my view, the lower quantum of the injunction struck the right balance
between the interests of both parties, considering the likely effects of an
injunction on the defendant (JTrust at [97]) and the unsatisfactory evidence
from Parastate as to whether it was good for its undertaking.

Conclusion

47 A good arguable case, and real risk of dissipation, are necessary but not
sufficient requirements for the grant of a Mareva injunction – JTrust at [95]:
“where the two requirements have been established, there remains scope for the
refusal of relief.” Ultimately, whether to grant a Mareva injunction, and if
so, on what terms, depends on what appears to the court to be just or
convenient. Having regard to Parastate’s unsatisfactory evidence as to its
ability to meet its undertaking as to damages, the Mareva injunction I granted
was for a lower quantum than what Parastate had applied for.

Andre Maniam

Judge of the High Court

Foo Maw Shen, Chu Hua Yi and Mark Tan (FC Legal Asia LLC) for the claimant;

Choo Zheng Xi and Carol Yuen (Remy Choo Chambers LLC) for the first defendant;

Darius Chan and Michael Chan (Breakpoint LLC) for the second defendant;

Ang Ann Liang and Yeoh Tze Ning (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the third and
fourth defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 May 2023 (11:53 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

