Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the SINGAPORE INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL COURT

  
of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC(I) 12

Originating Summons No 2 of 2022

Between

| CNA  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| (1) CNB(2) CNC  
---|---  
  
… Defendants

Originating Summons No 3 of 2022

Between

| (1) CND(2) CNE  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| (1) CNB(2) CNC  
---|---  
  
… Defendants

Originating Summons No 4 of 2022

Between

| (1) CND(2) CNE  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| (1) CNB(2) CNC  
---|---  
  
… Defendants

Originating Summons No 5 of 2022

| CNA  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| (1) CNB(2) CNC  
---|---  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Arbitration — Costs — Awarded]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CNA

  
v

  
CNB and another and other matters

[2023] SGHC(I) 12

Singapore International Commercial Court — Originating Summonses Nos 2, 3, 4
and 5 of 2022  
Philip Jeyaretnam J, Simon Thorley IJ and Yuko Miyazaki IJ  
13 June 2023

2 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

Simon Thorley IJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 By its judgment on the substantive issues raised in these originating
summonses (CNA v CNB and another and other matters [2023] SGHC(I) 6) (the
“Substantive Judgment”), the Court found in favour of the Defendants to all
the summonses (CNB and CNC) and directed that the parties should seek to agree
on an appropriate order as to costs.

Background

2 Whilst a measure of agreement has been reached between the Defendants and
the Plaintiffs to the summonses, CNA in SIC/OSes 2/2022 and 5/2022 and CND and
CNE in SIC/OSes 3/2022 and 4/2022, the parties were unable to reach full
agreement and filed written submissions and, subsequently, reply written
submissions in support of their respective contentions.

3 The summonses were commenced in the High Court and were all transferred to
the Singapore International Commercial Court on 4 January 2022 by order of
Deputy Registrar Phang Hsiao Chung. By that order the learned Deputy Registrar
directed that costs incurred prior to the date of transfer should be assessed
on the basis of the costs regime under O 59 r 7 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”) but that the approach to costs after transfer
should be reserved to this Court.

Parties’ positions on costs

4 The parties are agreed that:

(a) The Plaintiffs should pay the Defendants’ costs and disbursements, when
assessed, in equal proportions so that the costs should be assessed as a
unitary whole with CNA paying 50% and CND and CNE paying the other 50%.

(b) The costs incurred post-transfer should be assessed on the basis set out
in O 110 r 46 ROC 2014 (“Rule 46”).

(c) This court should assess costs on the basis of the written submissions
alone without the need for an oral hearing.

5 Annex A to the Defendants’ Reply Submissions sets out their (revised) Costs
Schedule which demonstrates that:

(a) Pre-transfer, the Defendants’ counsel’s fees amounted to S$266,127.

(b) Pre-transfer, the Defendants’ disbursements amounted to S$19,553 and
KRW139,742,050.

(c) Post-transfer, the fees were S$921,903.

(d) Post-transfer, the disbursements were S$48,324 and KRW195,085,126.

6 The sums claimed in South Korean Won relate primarily to fees and
disbursements incurred by Professor Kwon, the Defendants’ Korean law expert
and by KL Partners (“KL”), a Korean law firm which acted as Korean Counsel to
the Defendants.

7 The Defendants contend that this schedule is an accurate reflection of the
fees incurred pre- and post- transfer. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendants’ Reply Costs Submissions (“DRCS”) at para 2.

In the main, although CNA and CND/CNE filed separate submissions on costs, the
same points were taken and we shall therefore refer to them together as the
Plaintiffs save where it is necessary to distinguish between the two sets of
Plaintiffs. Whilst the Plaintiffs do not contest that these were the sums that
the Defendants actually incurred, they assert that a disproportionately large
amount of those fees have been incorrectly allocated to the post-transfer
stage and that the sums claimed differ significantly from those projected in
Defendants’ Case Management Costs Plan (“CMP”), 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

CNA’s Reply Submissions on Costs (“CNARSC”) at para 9 and CND/CNE’s
Supplementary Submissions on Costs (“CNDSSC”) at para 5.

so that this renders any excess over the projected fees unreasonable.

8 Accordingly, before we can address the sums that should be awarded for fees
pre- and post- transfer, it is first necessary to decide what the total sums
are that should be assigned to pre- and post- transfer so that any appropriate
reductions in those fees can then be assessed.

Our decision

Division of costs pre- and post- transfer

9 The Plaintiffs rely, and rely heavily, on the Defendants’ CMP which was
dated 7 March 2022 (ie, some two months after transfer). This estimated that
the Defendants would incur additional fees of S$350,000. Even allowing for an
additional sum for the two-month period between January and March 2022, this
is, they submit, in sharp contrast to the sum of S$921,903 actually claimed.

10 Further, in the CMP, the Defendants stated that the fees actually incurred
prior to 7 March 2022 were approximately S$850,000 which again was in sharp
contrast to the figure now claimed as being S$266,127.

11 Relying on the observation in BLG and another v BLI and others [2018] SGHC
86 at [18] that the purpose of requiring costs estimates is “to restrain a
litigant from claiming excessive costs when he wins a case”, the Plaintiffs
submit that the Defendants should be held to the sums specified in the CMP
both to form the basis for determining the ratio of the costs incurred pre-
and post- transfer and also to form the starting point for assessing the sums
to be awarded pre-and post- transfer.

12 In response, the Defendants assert that there was an error in the costs
stated as having been incurred prior to 7 March 2022 as these had
inadvertently included costs attributable to a striking out application of
approximately S$400,000 which should not have been included. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

DRCS at para 2.

This serves to reduce the sums prior to 7 March 2022 to some S$450,000 – in
contrast to the sum of S$266,127 actually incurred prior to 4 January 2022.

13 In any event, say the Defendants, since the Defendants have now provided a
detailed costs schedule it is no longer appropriate to rely on estimates. So
far as concerns pre-transfer costs, Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice
Directions 2013 (“Appendix G”) will serve to act as a regulator on any costs
incurred above any estimate in the CMP and, in the case of post-transfer
costs, Rule 46 proceeds on the basis of the costs actually incurred with the
burden being placed at the outset on the successful party to demonstrate that
its claimed costs are reasonable: Senda International Capital Ltd v Kiri
Industries Ltd [2023] 1 SLR 96 (“Senda”) at [72]–[73]. Once done, the
evidential burden to show the extent to which the claimed costs are
unreasonable will transfer to the losing party: Senda at [75].

14 In our judgment, the correct approach in the SICC where there is a
significant difference between the costs actually incurred as set out in an
appropriately detailed costs schedule and the anticipated future costs set out
in a CMP is as follows:

(a) The detailed costs schedule will be accepted as being accurate both as to
the costs incurred and the date on which they were incurred. The burden will
then be on the paying party to demonstrate that the detailed costs statement
is inaccurate.

(b) In so far as it is suggested by the paying party that the costs incurred
are excessive, rather than inaccurate:

(i) in the case of an award of pre-transfer costs, any excess will be
moderated both by reference to Appendix G and, if appropriate, by reference to
the costs estimated in the CMP.

(ii) In the case of post-transfer costs, where reasonableness is the test, one
of the factors that the court may take into account in the circumstances of
any given case is the contrast between the costs actually incurred and the
costs estimated in the CMP.

15 In the present case the Costs Schedule shows that pre-transfer costs were
S$266,127 and that post-transfer costs were S$921,903. For the reasons given
it is these figures rather than the figures estimated in the CMP that form the
basis of the assessment of both pre- and post- transfer costs. The Plaintiffs’
contention that a disproportionately large amount of fees had been incorrectly
allocated to the post-transfer stage was based on the figure of S$850,000
originally stated in the CMP as being attributable to the pre-transfer stage.

16 This has now been reduced to the figure of S$450,000 due to the erroneous
inclusion of the striking out costs (see [12] above). This was a figure
assessed as at 7 March 2022 whereas the figure of S$266,127 in the Costs
Schedule were for pre-transfer costs assessed up to 4th January 2022, which
suggests that the roughly the same amount of fees were incurred in the
intervening period as had been incurred in the entire period from the
commencement of the litigation until the date of transfer.

17 The Plaintiffs point to this as being an anomaly which serves to
demonstrate that the Costs Schedule is inaccurate. This, they say, should be
taken in conjunction with the fact that the ratio between the fees incurred
pre-and post-transfer if the Costs Schedule is correct is 22/78% which they
say “beggars belief”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CNDSSC at para 11.

They back this up with a brief analysis of the amount of work which they claim
the Defendants would have had to do pre-and post- transfer. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CNDSSC at paras 11 to 12 and CNARSC at paras 14 to 15.

The Defendants’ response to this is to maintain its position that the Costs
Schedule is accurate and to contend that the mere fact that the volume of
documents produced prior to transfer exceeds those produced subsequently does
not provide a rational basis for concluding that the time spent in preparing
the documents was in proportion. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DRCS at para 3.

18 It is a feature of the litigation process which leads to an oral hearing,
in this case a three-day hearing involving two different sets of Plaintiffs,
separately represented, that the fees incurred would be likely to be back-
loaded, more being spent later in the proceedings than in the former.

19 In assessing whether this was a case where fees were significantly back-
loaded, the Court might have been assisted by being provided with a Costs
Statement by each set of Plaintiffs which would serve to demonstrate the
balance between the pre-transfer and post-transfer fees incurred by them:
Senda at [75] and [90]. The Plaintiffs were asked by the Defendants to do this
but declined, claiming for various reasons that their costs would not be
comparable. Be that as it may, it is for the Plaintiffs to demonstrate that
the Defendants’ Costs Schedule is inaccurate. This is a means by which they
might have sought to do so but they have elected not to.

20 Taking all this into account, whilst we accept that the Plaintiffs’
submissions do raise some concerns as to the accuracy of the Costs Schedule,
these are not sufficient for us to cease to place reliance on the Schedule as
being an accurate analysis of when the fees were incurred.

21 We shall therefore proceed on the basis that the correct division of fees
pre- and post- transfer is 22/78%.

Assessment of pre-transfer costs

22 Under Order 59 of the ROC 2014 the court applies an objective standard,
based on what ought to be recoverable by a successful party in litigation of
the nature in question regardless of the level of costs actually incurred. The
underlying policy consideration is to ensure that litigants with meritorious
claims are not deterred or prevented from seeking justice by the possibility,
if the claim fails, of having to pay large sums by way of costs.

23 With this in mind, Appendix G sets out guidelines as to the appropriate
sums to be awarded in various cases unless a party successfully invites the
court to depart from it.

24 In the present case the Plaintiffs assert that, if Appendix G is to be
applied, the total award for pre-transfer costs should be S$50,000 with each
set of Plaintiffs paying S$25,000. The Defendants accept that this would be
the appropriate figure if Appendix G is applied but contend that on the facts
of this case the court should depart from Appendix G.

25 Paragraphs 2 and 3 of Appendix G read as follows:

2\. The Costs Guidelines have been approved for publication by the Judges of
the Supreme Court. They are intended to provide a general indication on the
quantum and methodology of party-and-party costs awards in specified types of
proceedings in the Supreme Court, taking into account past awards made,
internal practices and general feedback.

3\. The Costs Guidelines serve only as a guide for parties and counsel. The
fundamental governing principle is that the precise amount of costs awarded
remains at the discretion of the Court. The Court may depart from the Costs
Guidelines depending on the particular circumstances of each case. See in
particular Order 21, Rule 2(2) of the Rules of Court 2021, which is reproduced
below:

“(2) In exercising its power to fix or assess costs, the Court must have
regard to all relevant circumstances, including —

(a) efforts made by the parties at amicable resolution;

(b) the complexity of the case and the difficulty or novelty of the questions
involved;

(c) the skill, specialised knowledge and responsibility required of, and the
time and labour expended by, the solicitor;

(d) the urgency and importance of the action to the parties;

(e) the number of solicitors involved in the case for each party;

(f) the conduct of the parties;

(g) the principle of proportionality; and

(h) the stage at which the proceedings were concluded.”

Nothing in these Costs Guidelines is intended to guide or influence the
charging of costs payable to a solicitor by his own client.

26 Part IV(B) of Appendix G provides that the daily tariff for an Originating
Summons for an arbitration matter should fall within the range between
S$13,000 and S$40,000. Hence, at the top end of the range, had the matter
proceeded in the High Court the maximum sum that could have been awarded under
Appendix G would have been S$120,000. Based on the division of 22/78 between
pre- and post- transfer costs this reduces the maximum amount for pre-transfer
costs to S$26,400.

27 However, in their written submissions both sets of Plaintiffs invited the
Court to work on the basis that the correct division between pre- and post-
transfer costs was in the ratio of 55/45(for CNA) and 56/44 (for CND/CNE). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

CNA’s Written Submissions on Costs (“CNACS”) at para 18 and CND/CNE’s Written
Submissions on Costs (“CNDCS”) at para 15.

Had the Court accepted these ratios, the maximum amount that would have been
payable under Appendix G would have been of the order of S$66,000. The
Plaintiffs based their assertion that the correct award of pre-transfer costs
would be S$50,000 on the basis of a limited discount to this figure because
this case did not merit being considered to be at the highest end of Appendix
G.

28 We have not accepted this higher ratio of costs which will, of course,
benefit the Defendants when it comes to assessing post-transfer costs and it
is not therefore surprising that having argued for a lower ratio the
Defendants were prepared to accept the Plaintiffs’ assertion that pre-transfer
costs should be S$50,000. On the ratio that we have considered to be
appropriate however, such an award would constitute an increase of almost 100%
on the maximum Appendix G award.

29 In the Defendants’ Costs Submissions (“DCS”), 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendants’ Costs Submissions (“DCS”) at paras 9 to 15.

the Defendants put forward the following reasons for contending that this is a
complex case justifying a departure from Appendix G:

(a) The complexity of the case is demonstrated by the fact that a three-judge
coram was constituted to hear the cases over three days.

(b) The issues were complex requiring the consideration of some 20
interlocking agreements between the parties.

(c) The factual matrix was complicated due to the long history of disputes
between the parties.

(d) Complex issues of both Singapore and Korean law arose which required
submissions from both Singaporean and Korean counsel.

30 As is clear from the Substantive Judgment, the matters raised, both
factually and legally, were exceedingly complex and the arguments were wide
ranging. Extensive written submissions were provided notwithstanding which
three full days were required for oral arguments. In consequence we are
satisfied that this is a case where, under paragraph 3 of Appendix G it would
be appropriate to depart from a strict application of the guidelines. The
actual fees incurred pre-transfer were S$266,127 and Appendix G would suggest
that only S$26,400 should be awarded. Even having regard to the contention
that these fees were in excess of those which should have been incurred, it
can be seen that Appendix G would serve to give a very limited return to a
party that was wholly successful.

31 Applying the objective standard required by Order 59, we do not consider in
the circumstances of this case that a return of less than 12% by way of an
award over the costs actually incurred would be seen to be objectively
reasonable. A figure of around 25% would seem to us to be more appropriate
which leads to a conclusion that an award of S$50,000, as suggested by all
parties would constitute a proper award for pre-transfer fees although for the
reasons given, we reach this figure for different reasons from those proposed
by any of the parties.

32 Each set of Plaintiffs shall therefore pay S$25,000 to the Defendants in
relation to pre-transfer costs. We shall consider the question of pre-transfer
disbursements after deciding the question of post-transfer costs.

Assessment of post-transfer costs

33 The correct approach to assessing post-transfer costs pursuant to Rule 46
has now been considered in a number of cases, particularly in Senda, Lao
Holding NV v Government of Lao PDR [2022] SGHC(I) 6 and CBX v CBZ [2022] 1 SLR
88. All the parties accepted that the starting point was a subjective enquiry
into what costs were actually incurred by the successful party and then to
apply a test of reasonableness to reach an appropriate award. The test of
reasonableness is to be guided by the considerations outlined in Paragraph
152(3) of the Singapore International Commercial Court Practice Directions
Part XXIII Costs which state:

(3) In relation to sub-paragraph (2)(b)(ii) above, the circumstances which the
Court may take into consideration in ordering reasonable costs of any
application or proceeding under Order 110, Rule 46(1) of the Rules of Court
include:

(a) the conduct of all parties, including in particular –

(i) conduct before, as well as during the application or proceeding;

(ii) whether it was reasonable for a party to raise, pursue or contest a
particular allegation or issue; and

(iii) the manner in which a party has pursued or contested a particular
allegation or issue;

(b) the amount or value of any claim involved;

(c) the complexity or difficulty of the subject matter involved;

(d) the skill, expertise and specialised knowledge involved;

(e) the novelty of any questions raised;

(f) the time and effort expended on the application or proceeding.

34 In a case such as the present, these considerations mandate a similar
approach to those that have been considered in [25] above in relation to any
departure from Appendix G. In our judgment, the Defendants did not act
unreasonably in the manner in which they defended any of the claims made
against them. These were high value claims of significant complexity which
raised questions both of Singapore and Korean law and the manner in which the
Korean law aspects were addressed by having Korean law experts addressing the
Court was both proportionate and helpful. It is not surprising that the
matters raised require three days of oral hearings.

35 In such a case it is understandable that the costs incurred will be high
and the correct approach is to have regard as a starting point to the sums
actually incurred and then seek to identify any aspect of costs which could be
said to be unreasonably incurred, the burden being on the losing party to do
this.

36 As indicated above at [9], the Plaintiffs’ primary contention is that the
magnitude of fees incurred post-transfer (S$921,903) was almost three times
higher than the sum estimated in the CMP (S$350,000). This is a factor which
merits serious consideration in the case of an application to set aside an
arbitral award where there is unlikely to be any oral evidence, and the route
to and likely costs involved in a substantive hearing will be relatively clear
from the outset. In these circumstances, experienced solicitors should be well
able to assess future costs with a greater degree of accuracy than in the case
of a witness trial.

37 This contention would however carry far greater weight had the Plaintiffs
themselves filed Costs Schedules showing that the fees that they had incurred
more nearly reflected the sum projected by the Defendants in the CMP. The
Defendants requested that they should do this but the Plaintiffs declined to
do so. Without seeing any Costs Schedules from the Plaintiffs, it is
impossible to assess what weight, if any, should properly be attributed to the
suggestion that the costs they had incurred did not properly reflect the costs
that the Defendants should reasonably have incurred.

38 In Senda, the learned Sundaresh Menon CJ observed (at [75]):

75 Once the successful party has adduced the requisite level of information in
support of the contention that its claimed costs are “reasonable costs”, the
evidential burden shifts to the unsuccessful party to adduce evidence to show
that the claimed costs are not “reasonable costs”. An inquiry into “reasonable
costs” under O 110 r 46 is a subjective one concerning the question of what
level of incurred costs can be said to be appropriate in the particular case,
and against that yardstick, whether and to what extent the successful party’s
claimed costs can be said to be “reasonable costs” (see [52] above). Hence,
the best evidence that the unsuccessful party can adduce to discharge its
evidential burden will often be information as to the costs that it had
correspondingly incurred for the matter, which might well be a sound proxy by
which the trial court can determine what the appropriate level of costs in the
particular case is. The court may of course do so in other or additional ways
as well (see, for example, [79] below).

[emphasis added]

39 We have accordingly been denied this “best evidence” and can therefore only
conclude that the provision of Costs Schedules would not have supported the
Plaintiffs’ case.

40 Further, having made the submission that the better view of what
constituted reasonable costs was the sum of S$350,000 quoted in Defendants’
CMP, the Plaintiffs went on to submit that even these figures should be
reduced by 70% on the basis that such a reduction was in line with reductions
which had been made in other equivalent cases. This is not a logically sound
submission unless the Plaintiffs were able to demonstrate that there were
elements of unreasonableness in the figure in the CMP. The purpose of
referring us to that figure was to indicate what a reasonable figure might
have been, not to indicate that even that figure would necessarily be
unreasonably high.

41 We therefore reject the Plaintiffs’ assertion that the figure in the CMP
represents a reasonable figure for post-transfer costs – far less that there
should be any deduction from that figure.

42 The starting point must be the sums actually incurred. In their Reply Costs
Submissions, the Defendants submitted that “they should be compensated 70% of
their actual post-transfer fees, which amounts to S$645,332”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DRCS at para 6.

Whilst this deduction equates to that in Senda at first instance, it has to be
remembered that a discount of this magnitude in Senda was justified in part by
the fact that the successful party has acted unreasonably in pursuing a
particular argument: Kiri Industries Ltd v Senda International Capital Ltd and
another [2022] 3 SLR 174 at [90]–[93].

43 There can be no justification under Rule 46 for applying a deduction in one
case on the basis that this equates to a deduction given in a previous case
unless the factual matrix is also equivalent. It should not become the norm
that a 30% discount is appropriate regardless of the facts.

44 We therefore decline to make a deduction of 30% on the basis that this
equates to deductions in other cases. Had it not been for the Defendants’
concession that they should be compensated for 70% of their post-transfer fees
we would have approached the matter afresh. However we have concluded that it
would be appropriate, where one party has made a concession of this nature so
that the other parties have not had an opportunity to consider a different
figure, to accept the concession.

45 70% of the Defendants’ post-transfer fees amounts to S$645,332.10 so each
set of the Plaintiffs will pay S$322,666.05 in respect of the Defendants’
post-transfer fees.

Disbursements

46 In the normal course of events, it is usual for the losing party to pay the
winning parties’ disbursements in full as they relate to unavoidable charges
incurred in the course of litigation such as filing fees, translation fees,
searches and photocopying. These “normal” disbursements are claimed in
Singapore dollars in relation both to pre-transfer disbursements (S$19,553)
and post-transfer disbursements (S$48,324).

47 In the present case however, substantial sums were incurred both pre- and
post- transfer in relation to the Korean law aspects of the case. Pre-transfer
these were KRW30,000,000 for the fees of the Defendants’ Korean law expert,
Professor Kwon, KRW85,683,400 in respect of the professional fees of the
Korean counsel retained by the Defendants, KL, together with KRW24,058,650 in
relation to translation and notary fees. In the case of post-transfer, these
sums were KRW35,000,000 for Professor Kwon and KRW150,992,600 in fees for KL,
plus KRW7,438,026 in relation to disbursements of the Korean lawyers and
KRW1,654,500 for notary fees.

48 The parties did not deal separately with any issues over disbursements in
their initial written submissions. The Defendants rolled up the disbursements
together with the charges for Counsel’s fees and submitted that overall a
recovery of 70% of the total would be appropriate. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DCS at paras 17 and 20.

The Plaintiffs did not discuss the matter directly but it appears that they
were contemplating reasonable disbursements being allowed in full in the
normal way. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

CNACS at paras 4 and 28 and CNDCS at para 3.

49 Having received the Defendants’ Costs Schedule, based on the Defendants’
overall submission of 70% of all costs and disbursements, the Plaintiffs
purported to accept that submission in relation to the disbursements incurred
in Singapore dollars, the “normal” disbursements, and also in relation to
Professor Kwon’s fees and disbursements together with translation and notary
fees, both pre-and post-transfer. However they objected to any sums being
awarded in relation to KL fees and disbursements. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

CNARSC at para 18 and CNDSSC at paras 22 to 23.

50 For their part, the Defendants contended that either all disbursements
should be discounted by 70% or that all disbursements other than those
relating to KL should be paid in full with KL’s fees being discounted by 50%.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

DRCS at para 17.

51 Dealing first with the “normal” pre-and post- transfer disbursements
charged in Singapore dollars, we see no reason why these should not be paid in
full in the normal way. Equally, it is conventional for expert’s fees and
attendant costs to be allowed in full unless they are unreasonably incurred.
There is no such contention here and the Plaintiffs have not provided their
own costs schedules which might serve to demonstrate that in some way
excessive sums were incurred. Accordingly, each set of Plaintiffs will pay 50%
of S$67,877 in relation to “normal” disbursements and KRW90,713,150 in
relation to Professor Kwon’s fees and attendant costs.

52 This leaves KL’s fees which in total amount to KRW85,683,400 pre-transfer
and KRW150,992,600 post-transfer together with disbursements of KRW7,438,026.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

These disbursements are said to relate also to Professor Kwon but since no
breakdown is provided between the two we are unable to allocate any specific
sum in relation to Professor Kwon.

These are substantial sums of money. The Defendants contend in their Reply
Costs Submissions that KL supported and assisted Professor Kwon in preparing
his affidavits and written submissions without which Professor Kwon’s fees
would have been significantly higher. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendants’ Reply Costs Submissions at para 19.

Further, they submit that having a representative of KL present at the hearing
was reasonable since the Plaintiffs were also each represented by two Korean
counsel.

53 For their part, the Plaintiffs contend that any assistance provided to
Professor Kwon constituted (in effect) a luxury rather than a necessity, that
Professor Kwon did not have the benefit of their assistance in the underlying
arbitration and that all submissions made at the hearings were made by Prof
Kwon without input from KL Partners. Finally, they contend that if the
Defendants are to recover anything in relation to KL’s fees, they should be
classified as legal costs and not disbursements. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

CNARSC at paras 19 to 23 and CNDSSC at paras 17 and 20 to 21.

54 First, we accept the submission that in so far as any payment of KL’s fees
is justified, this should be on the basis that they constitute counsel’s fees
and should not be treated as disbursements. The purpose of engaging KL was for
them to assist Professor Kwon prepare his report and submissions. Had this not
been done, the Defendants’ Singapore Counsel would have had to perform that
role.

55 We do not accept that the involvement of KL was a luxury. In some respects
it must have taken the burden of preparing Professor Kwon’s reports and
submissions off Singapore Counsel and reduced the overall costs owing to the
absence of any language barrier but, having regard to Professor Kwon’s command
of the English language, this would not have been ideal. Doing the best we can
on the information available to us, we have concluded that only 25% of KL’s
fees and disbursements should be taken into account.

56 Dealing first with the pre-transfer fees, these amounted to KRW85,683,400,
25% of which is KRW21,420,850. (This equates roughly to S$22,000). However any
allowance in relation to the fees incurred pre-transfer falls to be assessed
on the basis of the uplift to the Appendix G award considered in [31] above,
which in turn was 25% of fees incurred. This leads to a figure of KRW5,355,212
to be paid by each set of Plaintiffs in equal shares.

57 In relation to post-transfer fees, the sum involved is KRW150,992,600, 25%
of which is KRW37,748,150 (equating approximately to S$40,000). For the
reasons given in [44] above the Plaintiffs should pay in equal shares 70% of
this sum, which is KRW26,423,705.

58 This leaves the sum of KRW7,438,026 claimed by way of disbursements. By
parity of reasoning with [51] above, 25% of these should be paid in full,
KRW1,859,506, again in equal parts.

Conclusion

59 Each set of Plaintiffs, CNA and CND/CNE shall pay the Defendants the
following sums by way of costs:

(a) Pre-transfer costs:

(i) Fees owing to the Defendants’ Singaporean counsel: S$25,000.

(ii) Fees owing to the Defendants’ Korean counsel, KL: KRW2,677,606.

(b) Post-transfer costs:

(i) Fees owing to the Defendants’ Singaporean counsel: S$322,666.05.

(ii) Fees owing to the Defendants’ Korean counsel, KL: KRW13,211,852.50.

(c) Disbursements:

(i) “Normal” disbursements in Singapore dollars for the entire period
(including pre- and post- transfer): S$33,938.50.

(ii) Professor Kwon’s fees and attendant costs for the entire period
(including pre- and post- transfer): KRW45,356,575.

(iii) Disbursements of Korean counsel and Professor Kwon post-transfer (to be
divided equally): KRW929,753.25.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge of the High Court| Simon Thorley  
International Judge  
---|---  
Yuko Miyazaki  
International Judge|  
  
  
Cavinder Bull SC, Tan Yuan Kheng (Chen Yuanqing), Lea Woon Yee, Tan Jui Yang,
Benedict and Kenneth Sean Teo Hao Jin (Drew & Napier LLC), Junwoo Kim (alias
Junu Kim) and Han Gil Lee (Bae, Kim & Lee LLC) (Korean law) for the plaintiff
in SIC/OS 2/2022 and SIC/OS 5/2022;

Toby Landau KC (Duxton Hill Chambers) (instructed), Rachel Low Tze-Lynn
(Rachel Low LLC) (instructed), Zhuo Jiaxiang and Alston Yeong (Providence Law
LLC), Sunyoung Kim and Yoo Lim Oh (Lee & Ko) (instructed), Ing Loong Yang and
Chi Ho Kwan (Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP) (instructing) (Korean law)
for the plaintiffs in SIC/OS 3/2022 and SIC/OS 4/2022;

Chan Hock Keng, Chen Chi and Tang Xi-Rui, Charlotte (WongPartnership LLP),
Prof Kwon Young Joon (Seoul National University) (instructed), Lee Eun Ngyung
(KL Partners) (instructing) (Korean law) for the defendants in SIC/OS 2 to
5/2022.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 02 Aug 2023 (15:53 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

