Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 217

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9073 of 2022

Between

Xu Yuanchen  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

BRIEF REMARKS

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Xu Yuanchen

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2023] SGHC 217

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9073 of 2022  
Aedit Abdullah J  
4 August 2023

4 August 2023

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 These are my brief remarks which I publish essentially as an addendum to my
previous decision in Xu Yuanchen v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2023]
SGHC 123. It is subject to full grounds being issued if a criminal reference
is pursued.

2 The appellant here served a term of imprisonment of three weeks below on the
charge he was convicted of; on appeal, I reduced the sentence imposed to a
fine of $8,000, in default, two weeks’ imprisonment. The parties to the appeal
are before me as there is disagreement about whether the previously served
imprisonment of three weeks could count as, or be set off against, the default
sentence of two weeks.

3 Any member of the public would be surprised, I think, that the three weeks
previously served does not count, and that the appellant remains liable to
either serve two weeks’ imprisonment, piled on top of the previous three
weeks, or pay $8,000, or be subject to enforcement for that $8,000. The
reduction of sentence imposed by the court in effect makes his punishment more
severe: the appellant would have been better off had he lost his appeal.

4 I will not at this time attempt to summarize or address all the arguments
put forward. It suffices for me to briefly note that the Prosecution argues
that on the proper interpretation of ss 318 and 319 of the Criminal Procedure
Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), no mechanism for the backdating of a default
term is provided for or contemplated, and that it is not within the framework
of punishment through a fine.

5 It suffices for me to note that the default sentence is not just a mechanism
to encourage payment. It is punishment, as anyone who has served a default
sentence will attest. You are in prison. You are deprived of your liberty. You
are not free.

6 A Malaysian case, Irwan bin Abdullah & Ors v Public Prosecutor [2002] 2 MLJ
577, was cited to me. With great respect, I do not find that it assists: it
was concerned with remand rather than punishment. In addition, in so far as it
stands for anything more than its context allows, I would decline to follow
it.

7 What I do turn to is s 6 of the CPC, which reads:

6. As regards matters of criminal procedure for which no special provision has been made by this Code or by any other law for the time being in force, such procedure as the justice of the case may require, and which is not inconsistent with this Code or such other law, may be adopted.

The Prosecution argues essentially that there is in the end no gap in the law.

8 I would disagree. There is a real, substantial gap. There is unfairness. And
the justice of the case requires that I adopt a procedure as regards the
determination of the default sentence for the fine that takes into account the
previously served imprisonment.

9 It is not an answer that the appellant chose at the time to serve the
sentence imposed below: there could be various reasons for choosing to do so,
but which should still not lead to an injustice.

10 Accordingly, I rule that the previously served sentence should be treated
as going towards the default sentence imposed on the appellant, and thus
nothing remains to be served or paid under the sentence I pronounced in the
appeal by the appellant.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Choo Zheng Xi and Yuen Ai Zhen Carol (Remy Choo Chambers LLC) for the
appellant;

Mohamed Faizal SC, Norine Tan and Niranjan Ranjakunalan (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 04 Aug 2023 (16:35 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

