Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 327

Suit No 170 of 2014 (Summons No 2036 of 2023)

Between

(1)| Lim Siew Fern  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Tan Beng Yong  
---|---  
(2)| Ho Shen Shen  
(3)| Agile Accomm Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

And

(1)| Tan Meng Hin  
---|---  
  
…Third Party

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Experts — Principles for court intervention in valuation]

[Civil Procedure — Disclosure of documents — Confidential documents referred
to in independent expert’s report]

[Companies — Oppression — Minority shareholders — Valuation of shares for
buyout — Principles for court intervention]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Siew Fern

  
v

  

Tan Beng Yong and others

  
(

Tan Meng Hin, third party)

[2023] SGHC 327

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 170 of 2014 (Summons No 2036 of
2023)  
Wong Li Kok, Alex JC  
29 September 2023

17 November 2023

Wong Li Kok, Alex JC:

Introduction

1 This present summons is the latest in a series of summonses taken out by the
plaintiff in a long-running dispute between the plaintiff and the defendants.
The plaintiff, who held shares in the third defendant as a nominee of Seaquest
Enterprise Pte Ltd (“Seaquest”), had previously succeeded in an action against
the defendants for minority oppression. That decision was published in
Seaquest Enterprise Pte Ltd v Agile Accomm Pte Ltd and another suit [2016]
SGHC 51 (“Seaquest (GD)”). The court in that suit had ordered that the
plaintiff be bought out to enable her to realise the value of her shares at a
fair value, as valued by an independent valuer. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/JUD 419/2016 at para 1.

This purchase of the plaintiff’s shares was to be made by the first defendant
or the second defendant. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

HC/JUD 419/2016 at para 5.

2 KPMG Services Pte Ltd (“KPMG”) was appointed by the parties to carry out the
said valuation (the “Original Valuation”).

3 As the valuation was being conducted, KPMG was also asked to make an
additional assessment as to whether related party transactions (“RPT”) between
the third defendant and Exquisite Accomm Pte Ltd (a related party of the third
defendant) (“Exquisite”) were arm’s length transactions for fair value (the
“RPT Review”).

4 In the course of this additional assessment, KPMG identified four invoices
(numbered 30157, 30158, 30159 and 30160) issued by Exquisite to the third
defendant (the “Four Invoices”) which were relevant to the RPT Review.

5 KPMG’s work on the RPT Review was however hampered by the unavailability of
electronic and physical documents from the third defendant as a result of a
server crash and the disposal of physical documents by employees of the third
defendant respectively. Further details of this loss of data are provided at
[44] below.

6 KPMG issued its final report on the RPT Review on 26 June 2023.

7 The plaintiff applied for an order for the Four Invoices to be disclosed to
allow the plaintiff to provide inputs to KPMG on the RPT Review (based on the
plaintiff’s market knowledge of similar transactions and pricing) so that a
supplementary report could be produced by KPMG.

8 I dismissed the plaintiff’s application for the reasons set out below and
the plaintiff has appealed against the decision.

Facts

The parties

9 The plaintiff in this present summons, Mdm Lim Siew Fern (“Mdm Lim”), was
the plaintiff in HC/S 170/2014 and the registered owner of 45,000 shares in
the third defendant, Agile Accomm Pte Ltd (“Agile”) (Seaquest (GD) at [5]).
She held the shares as a nominee for Seaquest (Seaquest (GD) at [11]).
Seaquest was incorporated in 2003 and had been in the business of, inter alia,
shipbuilding and ship repairing (Seaquest (GD) at [3]).

10 The third defendant, Agile, was incorporated in 2009 to carry on the
business of marine accommodation work for shipbuilding. The first defendant,
Mr Tan Beng Yong, was a director and majority shareholder of Agile. His wife,
Mdm Ho Shen Shen, was also a director and shareholder of Agile and she was the
second defendant in the suit (Seaquest (GD) at [4]). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of evidence-in-chief filed by Mdm Ho Shen Shen dated 27 April 2015
at paras 1 and 4.

11 Seaquest and Agile were once business partners (Seaquest (GD) at [6]).
Their relationship subsequently broke down, which led to the commencement of
litigation by Seaquest and Mdm Lim against Agile (Seaquest (GD) at [9]).

Background to the dispute

12 In HC/S 170/2014, the plaintiff (as nominee of Seaquest) had alleged that
the first and second defendants had conducted themselves in relation to the
third defendant’s general meetings in a commercially unfair manner.
Resolutions had been passed notwithstanding the lack of quorum and, as a
result, the plaintiff’s interest (as a nominee of Seaquest) in the third
defendant was diluted from 45% to 9%. An additional 400,000 shares in the
third defendant were also issued, which were never offered to the plaintiff,
and both of these actions were in breach of the third defendant’s articles of
association. Further, the first and second defendants, as directors of the
third defendant, chose to pay a large amount of directors’ remuneration for
the financial year 2012 without the concurrent declaration of any dividends,
thus preferring the directors’ interests at the expense of shareholders. The
court found that there had been a breach of the plaintiff’s legal rights under
the articles. In an oral judgment dated 3 December 2015 (Seaquest (GD) at
[1]), 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

HC/JUD 419/2016.

the court ordered the plaintiff to be bought out pursuant to s 216(2)(d) of
the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”) to enable her to
realise the value of the shares held as a nominee of Seaquest at a fair value
as determined by an independent valuer. The valuation was to be conducted on
the basis that the 400,000 new shares had not been issued and the excessive
directors’ remuneration had not been made (Seaquest (GD) at [12]).

13 On 3 October 2016, KPMG was jointly engaged by the parties to value the
plaintiff’s shares. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Tan Beng Yong dated 17 June 2017 (“TBY-2017 06 17”) at para 36.

14 The valuation process was not smooth. On 18 May 2017, the plaintiff filed
HC/SUM 2313/2017 seeking an order for the defendants to provide to KPMG and to
the plaintiff the defendants’ responses to certain requests for documents and
information. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

HC/SUM 2313/2017.

HC/SUM 2313/2017 was heard by Kannan Ramesh J (as he then was). Ramesh J
ordered the plaintiff to seek KPMG’s view on the summons. KPMG did not take a
position on the plaintiff’s summons because the plaintiff’s summons pertained
to matters that were outside KPMG’s scope of work. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Tan Meng Hin dated 29 September 2017 (“TMH-2017 09 29”) at para
15.

The plaintiff withdrew HC/SUM 2313/2017 on 7 August 2017. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Minute Sheet of the court for HC/SUM 2313/2017 dated 7 August 2017.

15 On 29 September 2017, the plaintiff took out HC/SUM 4540/2017 seeking,
inter alia, an expansion of KPMG’s scope of work to include expressing a view
on whether and/or to what extent the information provided to KPMG was
reliable, and to perform an investigation of the documents made available to
KPMG in the course of the valuation exercise. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

HC/SUM 4540/2017.

HC/SUM 4540/2017 was dismissed by Ramesh J on 20 April 2018. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

HC/ORC 4389/2018.

16 On 29 May 2019, the plaintiff took out HC/SUM 2735/2019. This summons is
the genesis of the events that led to the present summons. In HC/SUM
2735/2019, the plaintiff sought orders for, inter alia, either KPMG or another
independent expert to review and provide an opinion on the RPTs and a
determination of whether these transactions had been conducted on an arm’s
length basis (ie, the RPT Review). In addition, the plaintiff sought an order
for KPMG to take into account the findings from the RPT Review in its
valuation exercise and valuation report. The plaintiff’s chief complaint was
that the third defendant’s Audited Financial Statements for the Year Ending 30
June 2016 (“FY2016 Audited FS”) showed that a large part of the third
defendant’s trade payables consisted of a “[p]urchase of goods” worth
$4,957,891, which was recorded in the “[r]elated party transactions” section
of the FY2016 Audited FS. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of Tan Meng Hin dated 29 May 2019 (“TMH-2019 05 29”) at para 48(e).

These transactions were carried out between the third defendant and Exquisite.
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

TMH-2019 05 29 at para 50.

While the defendants assert that the transactions were conducted on an arm’s
length basis and involved the supply of materials by Exquisite to the third
defendant, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

TMH-2019 05 29 at para 50.

the plaintiff was dissatisfied with this assertion. The plaintiff noted that
Exquisite was a company in which the second defendant was the sole director,
and the first and second defendants were the only shareholders. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

TMH-2019 05 29 at para 53(a).

Moreover, Exquisite apparently utilised the same office premises and same
staff as the third defendant, and any purchase of materials by the third
defendant should have been done by the third defendant directly, instead of
using Exquisite as a middleman. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

TMH-2019 05 29 at paras 53(d) and (e).

The plaintiff also complained about the suspicious timing and pricing of the
RPTs. The RPTs were entered into, according to the defendants, for projects
known as “Projects H1112 and H1118”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

TMH-2019 05 29 at para 50.

The plaintiff asserted that it was suspicious that significant trade payables
to Exquisite were incurred in financial year 2016 for projects that were
apparently completed in January 2015. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

TMH-2019 05 29 at para 53(f).

The plaintiff also complained that the RPTs, which were supposedly for
material purchased for the aforesaid projects, were for a commercially
impossible amount, given that the material costs for the aforesaid projects
would have constituted more than two-thirds of the total contract value if the
pricing of the RPTs was true. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

TMH-2019 05 29 at paras 54(e) and 55.

Ramesh J largely granted the orders sought by the plaintiff in HC/SUM
2735/2019. The material terms of Ramesh J’s orders are set out below at [24].

17 On 20 May 2022, the plaintiff took out HC/SUM 1901/2022. This was an
application for orders varying the terms of KPMG’s appointment for the
valuation exercise for the plaintiff’s shares, and fixing the terms of KPMG’s
RPT Review. In summary, KPMG had proposed a higher charge for the valuation
exercise in view of delays in the valuation exercise. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Affidavit of Tan Meng Hin dated 20 May 2022 (“TMH-2022 05 20”) at para 21.

Prior to the hearing of HC/SUM 1901/2022, parties agreed to the higher charge,
so this issue fell away. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

TMH-2022 05 20 at paras 32 and 37.

The live issue before the court for HC/SUM 1901/2022 was the terms of the RPT
Review, including the scope of work to be undertaken by KPMG and the timelines
for KPMG’s review. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for HC/SUM 1901/2022 dated 5 August 2022 at para 6.

For present purposes, it suffices to mention that on 30 August 2022, Ramesh J
gave orders for the variation of the terms of appointment of KPMG for the
valuation exercise for the plaintiff’s shares to revise the fees payable to
KPMG, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

HC/ORC 4522/2022 at para 1.

and also fixed the terms of the RPT Review. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

HC/ORC 4522/2022 at para 2.

18 The letter setting out the finalised engagement terms for KPMG to carry out
the RPT Review, as signed by the parties, was dated 22 September 2022. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Affidavit of Tan Beng Yong dated 2 August 2023 (“TBY-2023 08 02”) at pp 26–45.

On 31 May 2023, KPMG e-mailed the draft RPT Review report to the parties 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

TBY-2023 08 02 at para 13; Affidavit of Tan Meng Hin dated 7 July 2023
(“TMH-2023 07 07”) at p 182.

and gave them one week to comment on the draft report, after which no further
comments would be accepted. At para 5.1.2 of the draft RPT Review report, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at p 215.

KPMG flagged the existence of the Four Invoices, which appeared prima facie
relevant to the RPT Review. On 7 June 2023, the plaintiff’s solicitors
e-mailed KMPG to convey her position, with accompanying reasons, that three
identified suppliers which had supplied materials to Exquisite in relation to
the Four Invoices should be contacted by KPMG for further investigation. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

TBY-2023 08 02 at p 24.

That same e-mail from the plaintiff’s solicitors further indicated that the
plaintiff could help put KMPG in touch with said suppliers, if needed.
Thereafter, on 26 June 2023, KPMG e-mailed the solicitors for the respective
parties the finalised RPT Review Report and explained why KPMG did not find it
helpful to take up the plaintiff’s suggestion of contacting the said
suppliers. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

TBY-2023 08 02 at p 47.

19 On 7 July 2023, the plaintiff took out HC/SUM 2036/2023, which is the
present summons before this court. In this summons, the plaintiff sought (a)
disclosure by KPMG to the plaintiff of all versions of the Four Invoices in
KPMG's possession; (b) that the plaintiff be given an opportunity to provide
her comments on KPMG’s report after KPMG’s disclosure of the Four Invoices​;
and (c) that KPMG accounts for the plaintiff’s comments in the revision of its
report or in a supplementary report. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

HC/SUM 2036/2023.

The parties’ cases

20 The plaintiff’s case may be summarised as follows:

(a) Whilst KPMG had finalised its report on the RPT Review, the plaintiff
contended that she was able to provide additional information (such as contact
with the suppliers involved with the Four Invoices) to KPMG which might help
KPMG arrive at a different conclusion on the RPT Review. The plaintiff argued
that she had substantial industry knowledge that could be helpful in allowing
KPMG to reach a different conclusion. Amongst other things, the plaintiff
submitted that Seaquest carried out projects similar to the projects to which
the RPT Review relate. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 23 August 2023 (“PWS”) at paras 25–30.

(b) There was no prejudice in allowing the plaintiff to take this additional
step and to prolong the RPT Review as the plaintiff had already waited this
long for a proper valuation. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Plaintiff’s oral submissions on 29 September 2023 (“POS”).

(c) The plaintiff added that the information she wanted to provide was not
intended to interfere with the independence of the RPT Review, but was merely
information which KPMG could use to update the RPT Review which had already
been finalised, should they wish to do so. The plaintiff also submitted that
she would not object should any of the defendants wish to also provide
additional information to KPMG for the same purposes. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

POS.

(d) Connected with [20(a)] above, the plaintiff made reference to a data loss
incident involving the third defendant (which included data related to the RPT
Review and which prevented KPMG from undertaking a more detailed examination
of the Four Invoices) which appeared convenient. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PWS at paras 15–23.

The plaintiff expressed suspicion 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PWS at para 16.

as to the separate incidents that had led to the loss of both softcopy and
hardcopy records relating to a substantial number of documents related to the
RPT Review (collectively the “Data Loss Incidents”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at paras 8–13.

21 The defendants made the following points in their arguments resisting this
application:

(a) This application is the fifth in a long line of applications on the part
of the plaintiff that has delayed and prolonged the valuation of the
plaintiff’s shares in the third defendant. KPMG was first appointed in October
2016 for the valuation exercise and the cost of the exercise was intended to
be $45,000. This has now ballooned to $440,000 for the RPT Review alone. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 23 August 2023 (“DWS”) at paras 4–6.

(b) The application was an indirect way for the plaintiff to obtain
confidential information on the third defendant’s operations and proprietary
pricing information in contravention of the spirit of Ramesh J’s orders in
HC/SUM 2735/2019, one of which being that information made available to KPMG
by Agile for the purpose of the RPT Review should not be disclosed to the
plaintiff unless otherwise directed by the court. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DWS at paras 7–12.

(c) The points and issues that the plaintiff wanted to share with KPMG had
already been covered in KPMG’s review. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DWS at paras 13–17.

(d) The plaintiff was not in a position to replace KPMG as the forensic
investigator appointed by the court for the RPT Review. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DWS at paras 18–23.

(e) KPMG had conducted an evaluation and determined that there was no foul
play with respect to the Data Loss Incidents. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DWS at paras 24–30.

(f) This application was a last-ditch attempt by the plaintiff to change the
decision that KPMG had already made in the RPT Review. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DWS at paras 31–34.

Issue to be determined

22 The single issue to be determined is whether the court should intervene in
the RPT Review and order the Four Invoices to be disclosed to the plaintiff in
order to provide KPMG with additional information, if any, for the purposes of
the RPT Review and thus require KPMG to revise its report or to produce a
supplementary report.

23 In order to address this issue, I considered the following points:

(a) the basis of the RPT Review, ie, the Orders of Court which established the
scope of the RPT Review and the appointment of KPMG to undertake the RPT
Review; and

(b) the review carried out by KPMG leading up to the release of the document
titled “HC/SUM No. 1901 of 2022 Report of Owen M. Hawkes” dated 26 June 2023
(the “RPT Final Report”) including the review of the Data Loss Incidents.

Basis of the RPT Review

24 The basis of the RPT Review was the order of Ramesh J, dated 13 February
2020, in HC/SUM 2735/2019 and it is useful to set out the order in full:

1\. That, for the purposes of the valuation of the shares of the 3rd Defendant
(the “Company") as contemplated in the Judgment dated 3 December 2015 in these
proceedings, KPMG Services Pte Ltd (“KPMG") be appointed to review and provide
an opinion on the related party transactions amounting to SGD 4,957,891 as
recorded at Note 18 of the Company's Audited Financial Statements for the Year
Ended 30 June 2016 and a determination of whether such transactions had been
conducted on an arm's length basis (the “Related Party Transactions Review")
under expanded terms of reference subject to the following conditions:

a. costs of the Related Party Transactions Review shall be borne initially by
the Plaintiff subject to final directions by the court following the
conclusion of the Related Party Transactions Review;

b. information that is made available to KPMG by the Company for the purpose
of the Related Party Transactions Review shall not be disclosed to the
Plaintiff unless otherwise directed by the court;

c. the Company shall provide KPMG such information as may be relevant and
necessary for the purpose of the Related Party Transactions Review as
requested by KPMG; and

d. the parties shall not unilaterally offer representations to KPMG during the
course of the Related Party Transactions Review, such representations to be
made only as regards the draft report of KPMG, as provided in paragraph A.5.1
of Appendix A of KPMG's letter of engagement dated 3 October 2016.

2\. Further, that KPMG shall take into account the findings from the Related
Party Transactions Review in its valuation exercise and valuation report, and
the scope of work of KPMG be expanded accordingly, if necessary.

3\. There be no order on prayer 3 [ie, an alternative prayer rendered moot by
Order 1 above].

4\. The costs of the Related Party Transactions Review and this application to
be reserved to after the conclusion of the Related Party Transactions Review
by KPMG.

25 The plaintiff had stated in her application that the application was made
pursuant to para 1(b) of Ramesh J’s order of 13 February 2020.

26 For the sake of completeness, it is also useful to set out the original
judgment of the court, issued by Edmund Leow JC (as he then was), dated 3
December 2015 ordering the Original Valuation:

1\. The Plaintiff is to be bought out to enable the Plaintiff to realise the
value of her shares held as a nominee of Seaquest Enterprise Pte Ltd at a fair
value pursuant to section 216(2)(d) of the Companies Act, as valued by an
independent valuer on the basis of a fair market value as of the date of the
oral judgment (ie. 3 December 2015).

2\. Parties are to agree on the appointment of an independent valuer and if
they are unable to do so within 6 weeks hereof they are to write to this court
to appoint the same.

3\. The independent valuer is to assess the value of the 3rd Defendant’s
shares on the basis of the fair market value on the assumption that the
400,000 new shares had not been issued, and the excessive directors’
remuneration for the financial year 2012 was not paid out.

4\. The independent valuer is to assess what would be a reasonable
remuneration for the directors to have paid themselves in light of the 3rd
Defendant’s profits and the non-declaration of shareholder dividends so as to
enable the valuer to determine the excess remuneration which would be deemed
to be refunded to the 3rd Defendant for the purpose of determining the fair
market value of the Plaintiff’s shares in the 3rd Defendant.

5\. The purchase of the Plaintiff’s shares in the 3rd Defendant can be made by
the 1st Defendant or the 2nd Defendant, and should be completed within three
months of the valuation being made.

6\. The Plaintiff is to receive the purchase price on trust for Seaquest
Enterprise Pte Ltd.

7\. The Defendants’ claim against the Third Party is dismissed.

8\. The 1st Defendant and the 2nd Defendant are to pay the costs of the
proceedings, including the costs of the third party proceedings, to Seaquest
Enterprise Pte Ltd.

9\. Costs to be taxed if not agreed.

10\. Parties are at liberty to apply in relation to the modalities involved in
implementing the directions.

27 In compliance with the order given by Ramesh J dated 13 February 2020 in
HC/SUM 2735/2019, the parties jointly agreed on engagement terms appointing
KPMG for the RPT Review, which included a detailed scope of work and
methodology. KPMG’s appointment took some time to complete as there was
disagreement between the parties as to the engagement terms and scope of the
review. In fact, the appointment was not finalised until 22 September 2022,
after a further Order of Court dated 30 August 2022 was issued where Ramesh J
ordered the parties to execute KPMG’s engagement letter for the provision of
forensic advisory services (“KPMG’s Engagement Letter”). 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

TBY-2023 08 02 at pp 26–45.

KPMG’s work on the RPT Review

28 By their very nature, forensic investigations are intended to be detailed
and thorough. In that pursuit, the methodology behind the investigation is
just as important as its substantive objectives. This explains the detailed
scope of work and methodology set out in Appendices A through C of KPMG’s
Engagement Letter for carrying out the RPT Review.

29 It is not necessary to set out here all the details of the RPT Review, but
the summary below is helpful to understand the key aspects of the review.

(a) KPMG’s methodology for gathering evidence relevant to the RPT Review
included interviews with personnel relevant to the RPT Review – for example,
the first defendant was interviewed on three occasions 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 27–28 (RPT Final Report) at para 3.3.1.

– and the extraction of documents in both physical and soft copies. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 30–35 (RPT Final Report) at paras 3.4 and 3.6.

(b) As part of the RPT Review, KPMG also conducted a thorough analysis of the
Data Loss Incidents and this is addressed at [37]–[45] below.

(c) Finally, and based on the evidence obtained, KPMG identified the Four
Invoices as being relevant to the RPT Review, ie, relevant to whether the
third defendant had overpaid Exquisite for the materials purchased under each
of these invoices. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at p 22 (RPT Final Report) at para 2.3.1.

30 I will summarise briefly the analysis undertaken by KPMG with respect to
the Four Invoices.

(a) Due to the Data Loss Incidents, only one of the Four Invoices revealed
sufficient information to allow KPMG to undertake the arm’s length analysis –
invoice 30158 (“Invoice 30158”).

(b) Invoice 30158 (and its accompanying purchase order) had specific line
items (descriptions) of particular materials purchased by the third defendant
from Exquisite. KPMG did not have corresponding documentation that showed the
cost at which Exquisite purchased the same materials from its suppliers. There
was thus no direct line by line (or material by material) comparison of the
price at which Exquisite paid for materials and the price at which it sold
those same materials to the third defendant, which could be used to determine
the price mark-up. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at p 22 (RPT Final Report) at paras 2.3.1 and 2.3.2.

(c) KPMG did, however, have access to pricing spreadsheets which the third
defendant had used for certain projects and which contained pricing
information for materials which were the same as or similar to the materials
in Invoice 30158 (“Individual Pricing Spreadsheets”). 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 22–23 and 54–59 (RPT Final Report) at paras 2.3.3, 2.3.5
and 5.4.

(d) KPMG organised the various line items for materials from Invoice 30158
into groups (or brackets). KPMG then compared the pricing for these brackets
(“RPT Bracket Prices”) against the pricing for the same or similar brackets
derived from the Individual Pricing Spreadsheets (“Reference Bracket Prices”)
to ascertain the difference in prices (after making calculations for the same
amount of materials purchased as in Invoice 30158) and summarised its findings
in the RPT Final Report. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at p 23 (RPT Final Report) at para 2.3.5.

(e) For the sake of completeness, KPMG also had 2,253 supplier invoices from
the third defendant’s other suppliers for the period from 2018–2022 from which
it wanted to extract a similar bracket comparison as that used for the
Individual Pricing Spreadsheets, but KPMG was unable to do so. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 21–22 and 48–54 (RPT Final Report) at paras 2.2.1(second
sub-paragraph), 2.3.2, 2.3.4 and 5.3.

31 Based on KPMG’s analysis as described in [30], KPMG concluded that the RPT
Bracket Prices exceeded the Reference Bracket Prices by between 5% to 20%,
depending on the brackets in question. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 23 and 24–25 (RPT Final Report) at paras 2.3.6 and
2.3.12(b).

Specific to Invoice 30158, KPMG concluded that the RPT Bracket Prices exceeded
the Reference Bracket Prices by $233,051.32 which comprises 13.33% of the
total invoice value of $1,748,104.40 for Invoice 30158. KPMG noted that the
third defendant did not appear to have made a loss on the transaction
involving the materials purchased under Invoice 30158 but the profit would
have been lower. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 25 and 62 (RPT Final Report) at paras 2.3.14 and 5.5.9.

32 When this conclusion was extrapolated and compared against the total value
of transactions subject to the RPT Review ($4,957,891.00), KPMG concluded that
the value of the third defendants’ transactions with Exquisite would exceed
equivalent arm’s length transactions by $660,969.10. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 25 and 64 (RPT Final Report) at paras 2.3.14, 2.3.15,
5.6.9 and 5.6.10.

33 Whilst being cautious on the strength of its conclusions given the paucity
of evidence, and bearing in mind that the first defendant had given
explanations in his interviews with KPMG as to why there was a difference
between the RPT Bracket Prices and the Reference Bracket Prices, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at p 63 (RPT Final Report) at para 5.6.6(b).

KPMG concluded that there was some evidence that some of the RPTs were not
carried out on an arm’s length basis 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 25 and 64 (RPT Final Report) at para 2.3.14 and 5.6.9.

but stressed that its extrapolations as set out at [32] were a reasonable
assumption rather than a concrete conclusion. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 25 and 64 (RPT Final Report) at para 2.3.15 and 5.6.10.

34 KPMG prepared a draft report which was shared with the parties for comment
on 31 May 2023. Comments on the draft report were received by KPMG on 7 June
2023 and those comments were considered by KPMG before the RPT Final Report
was finalised on 26 June 2023. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at p 18 (RPT Final Report) at para 1.2.4.

35 Specifically, there was an e-mail dated 7 June 2023 from the plaintiff’s
counsel to KPMG where the plaintiff first broached the idea of KPMG contacting
some of Exquisite’s suppliers in relation to the Four Invoices (identified as
Staco, Sungmi and Morgan Technical Ceramics) to verify their invoices to
Exquisite. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

TBY-2023 08 02 at p 24; TMH-2023 07 07 at paras 18–20.

36 KPMG responded to this e-mail on 26 June 2023 where it stated: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

TBY-2023 08 02 at p 47.

We wish to highlight two matters:

1\. Regarding the Plaintiff’s proposal to contact the three overseas vendors,
we do not have information as to the complete list of specific line items from
the Four Invoices were supplied by the three vendors. We have endeavoured to
use transactions that are both contemporary and with Agile Accomm, in
providing the closest possible analogues in the circumstances. We do not
expect these vendors to be required to retain records which would be relevant
to the Four Invoices (i.e. sales to Exquisite/Agile on or before 23 November
2015), as it has been more than 7 years since the relevant transactions. In
addition, more recent transactions will be less relevant, and we consequently
have used them only where necessary. We are therefore of the view that it
would not likely be useful to send blanket confirmation of prices relevant at
that time.

2\. We note the Plaintiff’s application to file for the disclosure of
documents. We will await the Court’s instructions on such disclosures, and/or
whether a subsequent supplementary report should be issued on the basis of
further procedures to be performed.

The Data Loss Incidents

37 The plaintiff relied on the Data Loss Incidents as one of the reasons why
she should be allowed to review the Four Invoices and to provide KPMG with the
plaintiff’s inputs, if any. Put in another way, the plaintiff argued that if
the Data Loss Incidents had not occurred, KPMG would have had sufficient
information to enable it to carry out a more thorough RPT Review. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PWS at paras 19–23.

38 The RPT Final Report 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

TBY-2023 08 02 at pp 49–101.

pointed to the general absence of documents (including e-mails relating to the
Four Invoices): 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at p 21 (RPT Final Report) at para 2.2.1.

2.2.1 A summary of the absence of documents relevant to the RPT Review,
arising from the Data Loss Assertions, is as follows:

— Apart from the Hardcopy Invoice 30157, there are no further hardcopy
Relevant Documents available, purportedly due to the Document Disposal;

— There are no emails for the Relevant Period found in Mr Tan’s Email and Ms
Lim’s Email, purportedly due to the Provider Switch. From the NAS, we have
identified only 82 emails from the abovementioned period, none of which is
relevant to the RPTs; and

— Apart from the Relevant Documents listed at paragraph 3.6.12 of this Report,
we have not identified further Relevant Documents stored on the NAS,
purportedly due to the NAS Crash.

39 This led to KPMG only being able to carry out the RPT Review on the basis
of limited documents, as set out in the RPT Final Report: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 21, 44 and 62 (RPT Final Report) at paras 2.2.6 and 2.2.7
(summary) and at paras 4.6.4, 4.6.7 and 5.6.1.

2.2.6 In order to ascertain whether the RPTs were conducted on an arm’s length
basis, a cost comparison between the purchase price of materials from
Exquisite, and the third-party supplier prices for the same stock would be
relevant. However, there is again an absence of relevant information to
perform such a comparison, purportedly explained by the Data Loss Assertions.

2.2.7 Consequently, the RPT Review relies on the limited documents identified
from the evidence gathering procedures summarised at paragraph 2.1.1 above.
There are therefore significant limitations to the RPT Review set out at
section 5 of this Report.

40 In the plaintiff’s view, this hampered KPMG’s conduct of the RPT Review. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

PWS at para 22.

41 When preparing the RPT Final Report, KPMG conducted a detailed
investigation of the Data Loss Incidents and how they occurred including:

(a) three interviews with the first defendant; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 27–28 (RPT Final Report) at para 3.3.1.

(b) interviews with the third defendant’s employees allegedly present at the
third defendant’s warehouse at the time the hardcopy records were disposed of;
65

##### Foot Note 65

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 27–28 and 36–38 (RPT Final Report) at para 3.3.1, 4.3.1
and 4.3.2.

and

(c) interviews with Ever Higher Data Recovery Centre Pte Ltd (“Ever Higher”)
whom the third defendant had engaged to assist with data recovery of the
softcopy records following the Data Loss Incidents. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 35 and 41 (RPT Final Report) at para 3.7.2 and 4.5.3.

42 KPMG’s findings on the Data Loss Incidents were ultimately inconclusive as
to whether there had been any intentional actions by the defendants that led
to the Data Loss Incidents. The RPT Final Report states: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at p 43 (RPT Final Report) at paras 4.6.2 and 4.6.3.

4.6.2 The statements made in Interviews by Mr Yeow, Mr Lim, Mr Pang of Agile
Accomm are consistent with, without being conclusive of, Mr Tan and Ms Lim’s
statements during their Interviews, insofar as they state that (i) specific
Agile Accomm employees had stayed in Agile’s Warehouse during the Circuit
Breaker period; and that (ii) there were no explicit instructions to dispose
of the Relevant Documents, in the course of the Document Disposal.

4.6.3 The (i) Interview with Mr Tan and Mr Chua of Ever Higher; together with
the (ii) Data Recovery Assessments Report; are consistent with Mr Tan’s
statements during his Interviews insofar as efforts to recover the lost data
were made pursuant to a NAS Crash.

43 For the sake of completeness, the defendants had argued that their
innocence in the Data Loss Incidents was further supported by the fact that
the RPT Review was initiated by Ramesh J’s order in February 2020, and while
KPMG had submitted its terms of engagement in April 2020, the plaintiff had
persistently delayed the RPT Review through various attempts to adjust KPMG’s
scope of work for the RPT Review. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DWS at para 26.

The Defendants reasoned that if the RPT Review had started in 2020, then the
Data Loss Incidents would not have impacted KPMG’s work on the RPT Review. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DWS at para 27.

44 I disagreed. Even though the plaintiff was notified of the Data Loss
Incidents in July 2021, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

PWS at para 15.

the Data Loss Incidents actually occurred in 2020. The softcopy records were
lost in the “NAS Crash” (crash of the third defendant’s server) on 7 April
2020. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 40–41 (RPT Final Report) at paras 4.5.2.

The hardcopy records were lost during the “Circuit Breaker Period” (ie, a
period of societal lockdown in view of the COVID-19 pandemic) which started in
Malaysia on 18 March 2020 such that the third defendant’s employees had to
stay in the third defendant’s warehouse (as they presumably could not return
to Malaysia) and allegedly disposed of the hardcopy records to make space for
their stay. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

TMH-2023 07 07 at pp 36–38 (RPT Final Report) at paras 4.3.1 and 4.3.2.

45 It is plain from the RPT Final Report that the lack of data and documents
hampered KPMG’s review. The plaintiff’s position is that if Seaquest is
allowed to review the Four Invoices, it may have information that KPMG would
find useful because Seaquest is in the same business as the third defendant
and has undertaken similar projects. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

PWS at paras 29–31.

Basis for the court’s intervention

46 The Original Valuation was to be made in relation to s 216(2)(d) of the
Companies Act (see [12] and [26] above). Ramesh J’s further order of 13
February 2020 was made pursuant to the original judgment. The plaintiff’s
current application was made pursuant to para 1(b) of the order of 13 February
2020.

47 Neither para 1(b) nor any other part of Ramesh J’s order of 13 February
2020 required any information made available by the third defendant to KPMG to
be disclosed to the plaintiff. It merely stated that no such information shall
be disclosed to the plaintiff unless otherwise directed by the court. In that
regard, I did not see how the plaintiff can rely on this paragraph alone (and
no such submission was made) as grounds that she should be entitled to
disclosure of the Four Invoices without also asking the court to exercise its
powers to intervene and grant such disclosure.

48 The Court of Appeal decision of Feen, Bjornar and others v Viking
Engineering Pte Ltd and another appeal and another matter [2021] 1 SLR 497
(“Feen”) confirmed at [21] that, in cases where there was a court order for
the buyout of shares at a price to be valued, even though the appointment of
the independent valuer was made by the parties, there remains a basis for
judicial intervention derived from s 216(2) of the Companies Act (so the basis
of the court’s powers in this regard did not derive solely from the parties’
contractual bargain). The facts of Feen bear resemblance to the current case,
so it was worth exploring them in brief.

49 Feen was a case where the respondent, Viking Engineering, had succeeded in
its minority oppression action brought against the appellants, one of whom was
Mr Feen. The court below had ordered Mr Feen to purchase Viking Engineering’s
shares in a joint venture company at a price to be determined by an
independent valuer (Feen at [3]–[5]). An expert valuer, one Mr Hayler, was
jointly appointed by the parties to conduct the valuation. The appellants in
Feen contended that Mr Hayler had materially departed from his instructions
when preparing his expert report, and that his valuation was in manifest error
(Feen at [2]). The appellants thus sought an order to set aside the expert
valuation. The appellants’ complaints against Mr Hayler’s valuation were
discussed by the Court of Appeal at [26]–[31] of Feen.

50 First, the appellants contended that Mr Hayler had relied on assumptions to
arrive at his valuation, and that this was inconsistent with certain
paragraphs of the court’s buyout order. The Court of Appeal found that Mr
Hayler’s mandate was to have regard to such financial information as was
necessary for him to carry out the valuation and the buyout order did not
stipulate what specific information he was to have regard to. The
determination of what financial information was necessary for the valuation
was a matter entirely within Mr Hayler’s discretion (Feen at [26]).

51 Second, the appellants submitted that Mr Hayler materially departed from
his instructions when he relied on assumptions to adjust the valuation to
account for the business that a party had diverted from the joint venture
company. The Court of Appeal noted that Mr Hayler had stated that he was not
able to identify “the exact dates, amounts, and the entities involved” in
relation to the business diverted from the company, and further that the
buyout order did not require Mr Hayler to have regard to the “actual value” of
business diverted. The buyout order gave Mr Hayler a wide discretion to make
the necessary adjustments when carrying out the valuation, and Mr Hayler did
not exceed his terms of reference (Feen at [27]).

52 Third, the appellants had complained that Mr Hayler had allegedly failed to
take into account certain information in his assessment of the business that a
party had diverted from the joint venture company. Some of this information
had been raised by the appellants to Mr Hayler by way of a letter dated 7
September 2018, which was before the valuation report was finalised by Mr
Hayler on 2 November 2018 (Feen at [6]). The Court of Appeal found that Mr
Hayler had properly considered the appellants’ submissions in their 7
September letter. In Mr Hayler’s valuation report, he addressed the
appellants’ key arguments in the letter and had considered the relevant
evidence before him (Feen at [29]).

53 Importantly, the Court of Appeal in Feen at [22] and [23] decided that
where a buyout order from the court did not provide for an independent
valuation to be final and binding and where the parties had appointed the
independent valuer by consent, the principles applicable to challenging an
expert’s determination before a court ought to apply by analogy. In the Court
of Appeal’s view, these principles had been set out by the court in The
Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R)
385 (“Oriental Insurance”). In Oriental Insurance at [47], the court had
opined that a long line of authorities supported the proposition that “short
of fraud, corruption, collusion, dishonesty, bad faith, bias or the like, the
only two main grounds on which this court can set aside [an independent
adjudicator’s] determination are as follows: (a) where the [independent
adjudicator] materially departed from his instructions; or (b) where there is
a manifest error in his determination that justly requires judicial
intervention”.

54 The Court of Appeal also made the following comments at [23] of Feen when
discussing the principles in Oriental Insurance:

… The court can intervene if the valuation is not in accordance with the terms
of reference, or if the valuation is patently or manifestly in error. However,
the court will be slow to find that the valuation is in error, since by
delegating the task of valuation to an expert, the court has taken the
position that the matter is best left to the expert … That the court should
not readily overturn court-ordered valuations also promotes the public
interest in the finality of litigation.

55 The decision in Feen made reference to how the valuation exercise by an
independent valuer should, by analogy, be considered to be akin to an expert
determination (see [53] above). In that regard, the decision by the Court of
Appeal in Ngee Ann Development Pte Ltd v Takashimaya Singapore Ltd [2017] 2
SLR 627 (“Ngee Ann”) was also relevant. In Ngee Ann, the Court of Appeal laid
out the principles that would apply in a situation “where the court’s
involvement is sought before the expert has made his determination” [emphasis
added] (Ngee Ann at [41]). The Court of Appeal explicitly noted at [41]–[42]
that Oriental Insurance and related cases set out the principles that apply
where the court was invited to intervene after an expert’s determination had
been rendered. This suggests that Ngee Ann is part of the same line of case
law as Oriental Insurance relating to the principles undergirding curial
intervention in the work of experts. Since the Oriental Insurance principles
on post-valuation interventions were held to be applicable in the context of a
s 216(2) Companies Act share valuation, the Ngee Ann principles on pre-
valuation interventions applied similarly by analogy.

56 The Court of Appeal in Ngee Ann at [43] opined that Hoffmann LJ in Mercury
Communications Ltd v The Director General of Telecommunications [1994] CLC
1125 (“Mercury Communications”) had “set out a useful statement of principle”
on the permissible scope of curial intervention. The Court of Appeal went on
at [44] to cite the relevant passage from Hoffmann LJ’s decision in Mercury
Communications at 1139–1140. For present purposes, the relevant portion of
Hoffmann LJ’s decision is as follows:

On the other hand, even in cases in which the parties have agreed principles
of valuation, their application may involve questions of judgment which they
have left to the decision of the accountants. In the last example, the
question of what counts as ‘net profits’ may be something on which different
accountants could hold different views. Here again, as a matter of substantive
law, the court will not interfere. As a matter of contract, the parties have
agreed that ‘net profits’ are to be whatever the accountants honestly consider
them to be.

So in questions in which the parties have entrusted the power of decision to a
valuer or other decision-maker, the courts will not interfere either before or
after the decision. This is because the court’s views about the right answer
to the question are irrelevant. On the other hand, the court will intervene if
the decision-maker has gone outside the limits of his decision-making
authority.

[emphasis in italics added by the Court of Appeal in Ngee Ann]

57 The Court of Appeal’s endorsement of Hoffmann LJ’s statement of principle
ties in well with the Court of Appeal’s dicta at [23] of Feen, which has been
extracted above at [54]. Both before and after an expert’s valuation has been
completed, the professional competence of the expert still, on a prima facie
level, deserves respect from the parties and from the court. By delegating the
task of valuation to an expert, the court and, where the parties have
consented to the appointment of that expert, those parties too, take the
position that the matter is best left to the expert. A cautious attitude
towards interfering in or overturning court-ordered valuations would promote
the public interest in minimising unnecessary litigation by allowing the
experts to do their work, bar extraordinary circumstances such as fraud,
manifest error, or an excess of jurisdiction.

Is the Court’s intervention justified in this case?

58 The RPT Review was derived from the Original Valuation where KPMG was
appointed to carry out the valuation of the plaintiff’s shares in the third
defendant following the original trial of HC/S 170/2014. Neither the court
order for the Original Valuation nor the court order for the RPT Review
provided that the respective valuations were to be final and binding. Pursuant
to para 2 of Leow JC’s 3 December 2015 oral judgment, KPMG was appointed by
the parties for the Original Valuation on an agreed basis. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

TBY-2017 06 17 at para 36 and pp 173–185; Affidavit of Tan Meng Hin dated 17
May 2017 at paras 17–18.

Even though an additional court order was required to finalise the scope of
KPMG’s work for the RPT Review (see [17] above), this focused on specific
issues in KPMG’s Engagement Letter which could not be considered fundamental,
and so did not detract from the parties’ agreement to KPMG’s engagement. In
this regard, I noted that in HC/SUM 2735/2019, under prayer 3 (which was
granted by the court), the plaintiff had in fact specifically prayed for
KPMG’s scope of work in performing the Original Valuation to be expanded to
include the RPT Review. Evidently, the plaintiff had considered KPMG’s
professional expertise to be useful in conducting the RPT Review. I further
noted that the first defendant, in his affidavit filed to resist the present
summons, had annexed a copy of the finalised engagement terms, bearing the
signatures of the first and second defendants, for KPMG to carry out the RPT
Review. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

TBY-2023 08 02 at pp 26–45.

The court’s jurisdiction therefore continued to be engaged pursuant to s
216(2) of the Companies Act and the guidance offered in Feen was relevant.

59 It should be noted that the plaintiff did not make any explicit submissions
in this application that she was challenging the RPT Review based on any of
the three principles in Oriental Insurance. The plaintiff had not challenged
the veracity of the RPT Final Report, but simply made a bare request for
disclosure and review of the Four Invoices so that she could comment. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

PWS at paras 24–29.

In that respect, this application did not sit squarely with Oriental
Insurance. Therefore, in my view, both Oriental Insurance and Ngee Ann
provided relevant guidance for the disposal of the present matter.

60 The plaintiff’s application implied a disagreement with KPMG’s decision (in
its e-mail of 26 June 2023) not to pursue contact with the vendors the
plaintiff had identified. This at least implied that there had been an error
on KPMG’s part or that KPMG had acted contrary to its terms of reference in
choosing not to further investigate the Four Invoices in the manner suggested
by the plaintiff.

61 Based on such an implication, I failed to see that there had been any
manifest error on KPMG’s part or actions taken that were contrary to KPMG’s
terms of reference. As summarised at [28]–[36] and [38]–[42] above, KPMG had
undertaken a thorough review of the Four Invoices including the circumstances
leading to the Data Loss Incidents. In order to overcome the lack of
documentation and data, KPMG had used other well-documented methods to
determine whether the Four Invoices had been transacted on an arm’s length
basis.

62 As the defendants had pointed out, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

TBY-2023 08 02 at para 14.

KPMG were already at liberty to question third parties and suppliers of the
third defendant as part of their methodology and scope of work: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

TBY-2023 08 02 at pp 31–33 (KPMG’s Engagement Letter for RPT Review), Appendix
A, para A.1.3.

A.1.3 Based on the objective above, we set out below our scope of work in
three phases (the “Procedures”):

Phase One: review of accounting records and interviews

…

– From the review of available documents and interviews, identify third
parties that appear relevant to the matter(the “Identified Third Parties”).

– Conduct background checks on the Identified Third Parties using public
domain databases and privately maintained databases to which we have access.

– Request information, further documents or conduct interviews with the
Identified Third Parties where it appears that such Identified Third Parties
may have information or documents relevant to our procedures.

63 KPMG declined to do so. KPMG knew that these invoices were from identified
third parties (Staco, Sungmi and Morgan Technical Ceramics) who were suppliers
to Exquisite, but chose not to contact them. That was a decision that KPMG
made as forensic investigators. Crucially, it bears mention that KPMG had the
benefit of considering the plaintiff’s solicitors’ 7 June 2023 e-mail stating
the plaintiff’s suggestion, with accompanying reasons, that the said suppliers
should be contacted by KPMG, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

TBY-2023 08 02 at p 24.

and conveying that the plaintiff could help put KMPG in touch with the
suppliers if needed.

64 KPMG’s e-mail of 26 June 2023 to the plaintiff made it clear that KPMG did
not expect that these vendors would have kept records dating so far back and
that more recent pricing was less relevant to the RPT Review. KPMG therefore
did not find it useful to seek any blanket confirmation of prices relevant at
the time of the RPTs. The situation that I had before me bore some resemblance
with the situation in Feen (see [52] above), where the Court of Appeal noted
that the valuer in that case had properly considered submissions made by one
of the parties via letter before finalising his valuation report.

65 Following the Court of Appeal’s decision in Feen (at [23]), I was slow to
find error on KPMG’s part as the court had delegated the task of forensic
investigation in this instance to them as experts and their decisions should
not be readily overturned.

66 In a similar vein, as per Ngee Ann, where an expert was acting within the
parameters of his terms of reference, I also avoided interfering with the
expert’s judgment in how it made its valuation decision. KPMG had been
appointed as independent experts in a detailed forensic exercise in connection
with the RPT Review. So long as they acted within their terms of reference,
they should be allowed to carry out their work independently and without
interference from the parties or the courts. The decision not to pursue
further queries with Exquisite’s vendors (Staco, Sungmi and Morgan Technical
Ceramics) was a judgment call that KPMG was allowed to make under their terms
of reference (see at paragraph [62]) and the court should not question this
decision.

67 There is a final point to be made to close the discussion on the Data Loss
Incidents (see [41]–[42] above). Even if the plaintiff had made a fair case
that any additional information or inputs she could provide might be relevant
to KPMG in the RPT Review, KPMG’s e-mail of 26 June 2023 showed that KPMG, in
not inviting further information from the plaintiff, had weighed the potential
for additional useful insights that could be gleaned from further
investigations, against the insights and conclusions that could already be
arrived at using the available information, and came to the conclusion that
the RPT Final Report could stand ready. Again, this was a judgment call that
KPMG should be allowed to make without interference from the court.

68 For these reasons, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application.

Other issues

69 For completeness, while my decision to dismiss the application did not turn
on these issues, I briefly address some of the other points raised in
arguments by counsel.

70 The defendants raised the concern that the plaintiff’s attempt to obtain
the Four Invoices was an indirect way to obtain the third defendant’s
confidential and proprietary pricing information (see [21(b)] above). There
had been a specific order by Ramesh J that information made available by the
third defendant to KPMG was not to be disclosed to the plaintiffs by KPMG
without the court’s sanction for this specific reason. This was acknowledged
by the plaintiff and the plaintiff conceded that it would be willing to review
the Four Invoices with any confidential and proprietary information redacted.
The plaintiff however doubted if pricing information that was seven or eight
years out of date would retain any commercial sensitivity. It would have been
open to me to review and order the redaction of any sensitive information on
the Four Invoices if the plaintiff had succeeded in its application.

71 The defendants also contended that this application was the latest in a
long line of applications that had delayed the Original Valuation (see [21(a)]
above). This was not a consideration relevant to my decision to dismiss this
application, as the fact that there were earlier applications by the plaintiff
does not, in this case, detract from the merits of other applications.

Conclusion

72 It has been more than seven years since KPMG was first appointed as
independent valuers (albeit a shorter period of time had been spent on the RPT
Review) and eight years since the conclusion of the trial in HC/S 170/2014.
$440,000 has been spent on the RPT Review alone – almost ten times the
original cost estimate ($45,000) of the entire valuation exercise. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DWS at paras 6.2 and 35.

73 Whilst it is entirely possible to go down every rabbit hole in the hope of
finding another lead or some other fact or issue that would allow for a
reconsideration of what has already been found, there needs to be finality at
some point and perfection cannot always be achieved. Given the amount of time
and money that has been spent on the RPT Review (not to mention the wider
valuation), it is time for KPMG to be allowed to continue with and finalise
their work for the Original Valuation.

Costs

74 The defendants had asked the plaintiff to pay costs of this application on
an indemnity basis on the grounds that this application was without any bona
fides, unnecessary, frivolous, vexatious and was an abuse of the process of
the court. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DWS at para 36.

I ordered costs to be paid by the plaintiff on a standard basis in the amount
of $10,000 (inclusive of disbursements). Bearing in mind the frustration
caused by the lack of documentation for the RPT Review occasioned by the Data
Loss Incidents and bearing in mind that the RPT Review itself has been ongoing
for a comparatively short period of time (compared to the Original Valuation),
I was of the view that the plaintiff was not on the wrong side of the line of
good faith when she made this application.

Wong Li Kok, Alex  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Derek Kang Yu Hsien and Ashok Kumar Rai (Cairnhill Law LLC) for the plaintiff;

Lakshanthi Kumari Fernando, Tan Wei Ming and Os Agarwal (Holborn Law LLC) for
the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Nov 2023 (16:10 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

