Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPEllate DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC(A) 10

Civil Appeal No 45 of 2022

Between

UBQ  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

UBR  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Divorce (Transferred) No 1861 of 2015 (Summonses Nos 326 and
370 of 2021)

Between

UBQ  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

UBR  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Family Law — Custody — Care and control — Security for overseas travel]

[Family Law — Custody — Access]

[Family Law — Child — Appointment of therapist]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UBQ

  
v

  

UBR and another matter

[2023] SGHC(A) 10

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 45 of 2022 and Summons
29 of 2022  
Woo Bih Li JAD and Hoo Sheau Peng J  
12 August, 13 September 2022

23 March 2023 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The parties are divorced. They have been engaged in protracted litigation
for more than seven years. They have two sons (“the Children”). We shall refer
to the parties as “the Father” and “the Mother”.

2 Essentially, the present appeal (“the Appeal”) is the Father’s appeal
against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in HCF/DT
1861/2015, dismissing his applications in HCF/SUM 326/2021 (“SUM 326”) and
HCF/SUM 370/2021 (“SUM 370”). The applications relate to the welfare of the
Children, and the Judge’s grounds of decision are contained in UBQ v UBR
[2022] SGHCF 13 (“the GD”).

3 An appeal filed by the Mother, ie, AD/CA 48/2022 (“AD 48”), is closely
linked to the Appeal. We shall explain further at [28]–[32] below. For now, it
suffices for us to mention that on 9 June 2022, we allowed AD 48. In doing so,
we issued grounds of judgment which were annexed to our minute sheet (“the AD
48 Grounds”). In this judgment, we shall refer to the matters set out in the
AD 48 Grounds.

4 Apart from the Appeal, AD/SUM 29/2022 (“SUM 29”), an application by the
Father for permission to adduce further evidence on appeal, is also before us.

Background

The parties’ marriage and divorce

5 These are the material facts. The parties were married in 2006 in the United
States of America (“the US”). The older son (“[A]”) was born there in 2008.
Shortly after, the family moved to Singapore. In 2010, the younger son (“[B]”)
was born here. The Children are now 14 and 13 years old respectively. The
Father is a Canadian citizen, while the Mother and the Children are US
citizens. While living in Singapore, it became the Children’s routine to visit
the US where they would spend time with their maternal grandmother and their
cousins. Presently, all four members of the family reside in Singapore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Grounds of Judgment in AD/CA 48/2022 dated 9 June 2022 (“the AD 48 Grounds”)
at [3].

The Children study in an international school.

6 In April 2014, the Mother moved out of the matrimonial home and commenced
divorce proceedings. She also filed an application to relocate the Children to
the US. On 31 March 2015, after mediation, the Mother withdrew her divorce
proceedings and the relocation application. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [4].

Less than two months later, on 5 May 2015, the Father commenced divorce
proceedings. Interim judgment was granted on 5 November 2015. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [5].

The ancillary matters and the AM Orders

7 Thereafter, the parties proceeded to deal with the ancillary matters arising
from the divorce. On 7 June 2018, the Mother made a second relocation
application. This was FC/SUM 1980/2018 (“SUM 1980”). On 21 March 2019, she
filed an application in HCF/SUM 76/2019 for, amongst other things, an
expedited decision on SUM 1980. As one possible alternative, she asked that
the Children be permitted to temporarily relocate to the US until the
resolution of the ancillary matters in the divorce proceedings. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [6].

8 On 7 May 2019, the Father filed an application, ie, HCF/SUM 110/2019 (“SUM
110”) praying for, amongst other things, the appointment of a Child
Representative. He also sought that the Children remain in Singapore to allow
the Child Representative to conduct interviews of them. Tan Puay Boon JC (“Tan
JC”) granted these prayers on 10 June 2019. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [7]. Order of court in HCF/SUM 110/2019.

Pursuant to the order of court, the Children were not able to travel to the US
during the summer and winter breaks that year.

9 In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic struck. International travel was in a state
of flux. In April 2020, Singapore entered into the “Circuit Breaker” period.
During this time, the parties engaged in a series of correspondence which
culminated in an interim order on 26 May 2020 made by Tan JC restraining the
Children from being taken out of Singapore because of the pandemic. Hence,
during the 2020 summer break, the Children were again unable to travel to the
US. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [8].

10 On 21 September 2020, Tan JC dismissed the Mother’s application in SUM 1980
to relocate the Children: see [7] above. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See paragraph (c) of HCF/ORC 31/2021; The AD 48 Grounds at [9].

He also made orders regarding the ancillary matters (“AM Orders”). For the
purposes of the Appeal, the relevant orders in relation to the Children
provide that: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

See paragraphs (b) and d(i)-(vii) of HCF/ORC 31/2021; The AD 48 Grounds at
[9].

(a) The Mother has sole care and control of the Children.

(b) The Father is to have unsupervised access to the Children at specified
times during their school term. He is to have full unsupervised access during
their spring break and fall break.

(c) The winter break is to be spent with the Mother.

(d) For the summer break, the Father is to have access from after school on
the last Friday of the school term until the next Saturday at 8pm. He is also
to have access from 2pm on the Friday two weeks before the end of the summer
break, until 8pm of the Saturday before the school term resumes. The Children
are to spend the rest of the summer break with the Mother.

(e) During each break, the parent who is with the Children is free to travel
with them without the consent of the other parent.

11 In addition, Tan JC also ordered maintenance for the Children and the
Mother. For the Mother, the Father was ordered to pay $6,000 per month for a
period of 48 months, and monthly rent for the Mother’s accommodation for a
period of 48 months (capped at the rent paid by the Father for his apartment)
(“the Maintenance Order”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See paragraph (f) of HCF/ORC 31/2021.

For the Children, the Father was ordered to pay monthly maintenance of $2,500
for each child, their full education, health, medical and enrichment related
costs and $10,000 in yearly maintenance for each child’s summer and winter
break travel expenses. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See paragraph (e) of HCF/ORC 31/2021.

The Father’s applications to restrain travel and the May 2021 Trip

12 On 18 November 2020, the Father filed HCF/SUM 330/2020 (“SUM 330”), which
was an application to restrain the Mother from taking the Children out of
Singapore during the 2020 winter break. The application was premised mainly on
the risks arising out of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, the Father also
brought up concerns about the Mother’s relocation plans, deposing that she may
use the trip to the US to support a “backdoor” relocation attempt. On 9
December 2020, this application was granted by Tan JC. Once again, the
Children were not able to travel to the US for their vacation. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [10].

13 On 13 May 2021, just before the summer break, the Father applied again to
restrain the Mother from taking the Children out of Singapore. This was
HCF/SUM 116/2021 (“SUM 116”). The Father also sought a variation of Tan JC’s
access orders. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

HCF/SUM 116/2021.

The Father brought the application for two main reasons. First, he claimed
that he had not seen [A] for several months. Second, he argued that the
COVID-19 pandemic restrictions would make it difficult for the Children and
the Mother to re-enter Singapore if they travelled overseas. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [11].

14 The hearing for SUM 116 was scheduled for 25 May 2021 before Dedar Singh
Gill J (“Gill J”). On 19 May 2021, however, the Mother and the Children left
for the US. They only returned to Singapore on 6 November 2021, almost six
months later. We refer to this as the “May 2021 Trip”. The Mother does not
dispute that this trip was made in breach of the AM Orders. Pursuant to the AM
Orders, the Father was supposed to have access to the Children from 28 May
2021 to 5 June 2021, as well as later from 23 July 2021 to 7 August 2021.
However, during those periods, the Children were with the Mother in the US. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [12].

15 On 8 July 2021, the Father commenced proceedings in the US under the Hague
Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction (“the Hague
Convention”) for the return of the Children to Singapore (“the Hague
Proceedings”). Four days later, on 12 July 2021, the Father withdrew SUM 116.
As for the Hague Proceedings, on 1 October 2021, after a hearing in September
2021, a US Federal Judge ordered the return of the Children to Singapore
within a reasonable time. As set out above, the Mother returned to Singapore
on 6 November 2021 with the Children. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [13]–[14].

The Father’s further applications: SUM 326 and SUM 370

16 After the Children’s return to Singapore, the Father filed SUM 326 on 12
November 2021. The prayers in SUM 326 sought the following:

(a) Prayer 1: An injunction restraining the Mother from taking the Children
out of Singapore without the Father’s written consent or an order of court.

(b) Prayers 2 and 3: Orders for the Mother to hand over the Children’s
passports to the Father for safekeeping, and for the release of the passports
to the Mother only with the Father’s written consent or an order of court.

(c) Prayer 4: In relation to any overseas travel by the Mother with the
Children (by agreement between the parties or an order of court), an order for
the Mother to furnish security of $100,000 for each child to ensure his return
to Singapore.

17 On 19 November 2021, the Judge heard SUM 326 on an urgent ex parte basis.
She granted an interim injunction restraining the Mother from taking the
Children out of Singapore without the Father’s written consent, and ordered
that the Children’s passports be handed to his lawyers for safekeeping pending
the hearing of SUM 326 on an inter partes basis (“the 19 November 2021 interim
injunction”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [15].

18 On 23 December 2021, the Father filed SUM 370. In the main, this was an
application to vary the AM Orders on care and control, as well as access
arrangements. The prayers in SUM 370 sought the following orders:

(a) Prayer 1: Sole care and control of the Children to the Father, with
consequential changes to access arrangements.

(b) Prayer 2: Alternatively, split care and control of the Children for three
months, with sole care and control of [A] to remain with the Mother, but sole
care and control of [B] to be switched to the Father. After the three months,
sole care and control of [A] to be switched to the Father as well.
Consequential orders as to access by the Mother to the Children were also
sought.

(c) Prayers 3 and 4: Certain orders to provide make-up access for the Father
to the Children for the durations that the Father was deprived of such access
in contravention of the AM Orders (see [10] above).

(d) Prayer 5: An order for one of three named therapists to be appointed to
conduct therapy aimed at restoring the Father’s relationship with [A].

(e) Prayer 6: An order for the appointment of a parenting co-ordinator.

(f) Prayer 7: An order that the parties do not disclose information relating
to the proceedings to the Children, and that parties do not speak ill of each
other in the presence of the Children, ie, to impose restraints on the
parties’ communications with the Children.

The decision below

19 The Judge heard SUM 326 and SUM 370 inter partes on 7 and 21 April 2022 and
dismissed them on 10 May 2022. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [17].

20 In relation to SUM 326, the Judge noted that in matters concerning the
custody or upbringing of a child, “the welfare of the child is paramount, and
that this principle ought to override any other consideration”, citing BNS v
BNT [2015] 3 SLR 973 at [19]: the GD at [8]. The Judge observed that there
were concerns about the May 2021 Trip, including the fact that the Mother had,
in breach of the AM Orders, left for the US with the Children over a period
for which the Father was supposed to have access, and her conduct of making
placement enquiries at several American schools. However, she considered that
2021 was an exceptional year when global travel was severely affected.
Unprecedented restrictions applied for the re-entry into Singapore for non-
citizens and permanent residents (like the Mother and the Children). Further,
the circumstances of the May 2021 Trip had to be understood with reference to
the Father’s earlier obtaining of an injunction in SUM 330 to prevent the
Children from travelling to the US during their winter break in December 2020
(see [12] above). The Judge accepted the Mother’s explanation that the
Children’s trips to the US were important for their well-being and provided
them with stability and respite from their parents’ marital breakdown. The
Children were distraught by the cancellation of their intended trip in
December 2020 and the Mother was worried that something similar would happen
again when the Father filed another application, ie, SUM 116, in May 2021 (see
[13] above): the GD at [9]–[11].

21 The Judge understood that the Father was still concerned over the travels
by the Mother and the Children. However, again, she was of the view that 2020
and 2021 were exceptional years. Thus, the Father should support the travels
by the Mother and the Children as provided for in the AM Orders. The Judge
also noted that even if the Mother had any intentions to use holiday travel to
relocate the Children permanently, she had experienced the Hague Proceedings
and was well aware that she would not be able to do so: the GD at [13].

22 Applying the welfare principle, the Judge came to the view that it would be
in the Children’s interests to be permitted to travel to the US twice a year
as provided in the AM Orders. There should be no need for the Mother to
furnish security to travel, and the passports should be held by the Mother (as
the parent with care and control of the Children). Therefore, the Judge
dismissed SUM 326: the GD at [14]–[15].

23 The Judge also dismissed SUM 370. The Judge noted that pursuant to s 128 of
the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Women’s Charter”), the court
has the power to vary any order for the care and control of a child where it
is satisfied that there has been any material change in the circumstances. By
s 125(2) of the Women’s Charter, again, the welfare of the child is the
paramount consideration: the GD at [23].

24 The Judge noted the Father’s assertion that the Mother had placed the
Children at the centre of her “relocation efforts”. The Father was concerned
for the Children’s well-being, especially [A]’s “path of delinquency” and
[B]’s suicidal tendencies. He also attributed his deteriorating relationship
with [A] to the Mother’s influence and conduct: the GD at [18].

25 However, the Judge also noted that the Mother had been the primary
caregiver of the Children, and it was most beneficial for their well-being to
maintain the continuity of that arrangement. The Children had suffered under
the burden of litigation. Even before the AM Orders, [B] was assessed to be at
a high risk of suicide. While the Father felt that his relationship with [A]
had deteriorated after the AM Orders, the Children’s emotional state was a
result of both parties’ actions: the GD at [22]–[24]. The Father’s alternative
proposal for split care and control was also rejected because it was not in
the Children’s best interest to separate them. They had grown up together and
each was a vital source of support for the other: the GD at [25]. The Judge
also declined to make any change to the access arrangements to grant make-up
access to the Father: the GD at [26]–[29].

26 Further, the Judge declined to appoint any of the therapists named by the
Father to restore the relationship between the Father and [A]. While no order
was made, the Judge agreed that it would be in the best interests of [A] to
continue seeing the therapist that he was familiar with, rather than to start
the process again with a new therapist. The Judge also suggested that, where
appropriate, sessions could be arranged jointly with the Father to repair his
relationship with [A]: the GD at [32]. She also declined to order the
appointment of a parenting co-ordinator, or to make a specific order imposing
any restraints on the parties’ communications with the Children: the GD at
[34] and [36].

The Appeal, SUM 135 and AD 48

27 On 11 May 2022, the Father filed the Appeal against the whole of the
Judge’s decision. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [18].

We shall return to the Appeal at [34] below.

28 Thereafter, on 17 May 2022, the Father filed an application in HCF/SUM
135/2022 (“SUM 135”) for a stay of the Judge’s dismissal of SUM 326. The
Father also sought that the 19 November 2021 interim injunction granted by the
Judge “be reinstated” and other orders. It will be recalled that this interim
injunction was initially granted by the Judge on an urgent ex parte basis but
then eventually set aside on 10 May 2022 (see [17] and [19] above).

29 On 23 May 2022, SUM 135 was heard by Gill J. Gill J granted the Father’s
stay application to ensure that the Appeal would not be rendered nugatory. In
doing so, he also ordered that the 19 November 2021 interim injunction “be
reinstated” and that the passports of the Children were to continue to be held
by Engeline Teh Practice LLC (who were the Father’s then-lawyers) pending the
hearing of the Appeal. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [19]–[20].

On 24 May 2022, the Mother appealed against Gill J’s decision by way of AD 48.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [20].

30 As mentioned at [3] above, we allowed AD 48. In the AD 48 Grounds, we
explained that the two main questions which arose in AD 48 were as follows: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [24].

(a) First, was it in the interest of the Children to be permitted to travel to
the US?

(b) Second, was there a risk that the Mother would use the intended trip in
June 2022 to the US to attempt to permanently relocate the Children, and would
that render the Appeal nugatory?

31 On the first question, we considered that it was undoubtedly in the
Children’s interests to have their routine travel to the US during school
vacations restored. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [27]–[28].

On the second question, while there was some risk that the Mother would
attempt to permanently relocate the Children if she was allowed to take them
out of the jurisdiction, we concluded that it was not a risk that would be
truly permanent and irreversible such that it would render the Appeal
nugatory. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [29]–[43].

32 Accordingly, we set aside Gill J’s orders in SUM 135 made in respect of the
stay of the dismissal of SUM 326, the reinstatement of the 19 November 2021
interim injunction, and for the passports to continue to be held by Engeline
Teh Practice LLC pending the hearing of the Appeal. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [44].

Notwithstanding the overlap in issues in these two closely linked appeals, we
emphasised that the determination of AD 48 would not affect the outcome of the
Appeal. We cautioned, however, that the parties’ conduct would remain relevant
to the Appeal. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

The AD 48 Grounds at [45].

33 Thereafter, the Mother took the Children to the US as planned on 11 June
2022 and duly returned with them on 29 July 2022. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Father’s written submissions (“AWS”) at para 7.

We refer to this trip as “the June 2022 Trip”. This brings us to the parties’
respective positions in the Appeal.

The Father’s case

34 Turning to the Father’s written submissions for the Appeal, he argues that
the Judge’s decision on SUM 326 and SUM 370 should be reversed, as it was
premised on a “fundamentally and deeply flawed understanding of the events of
the abduction” [emphasis in original omitted]. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AWS at para 4.

35 To summarise, the Father argues that the Judge wrongly excused the Mother’s
conduct in relation to the May 2021 Trip by characterising it as a reaction to
the Father’s application in SUM 330 and the COVID-19 pandemic. The Father’s
application in SUM 330 was not meant to “stymie” travel in December 2020, but
“to prevent the abduction of the [Children]”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AWS at para 14.

The Mother was “hell-bent on relocating [the Children]”, “pandemic or no
pandemic”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AWS at paras 13–16.

Related to the above, he submits that the Judge also ignored the Mother’s
repeated attempts to relocate the Children, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AWS at paras 17–19.

and glossed over the Mother’s disregard of court orders. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AWS at para 21.

In particular, the Father takes issue with the Mother’s conduct during the May
2021 Trip, including the arrangements for school tours and school applications
for the Children and the delayed return to Singapore. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AWS at paras 22–26.

In order to relocate the Children, she alienated the Children, especially [A],
from him. She also put [A] through the trauma of the Hague Proceedings, by
relying on the Art 13 defence which required [A]’s views to be heard. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AWS at paras 27–41.

By the Mother’s actions, much trauma has been suffered by [B], who was at risk
of self-harm and suicide. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AWS at paras 42–46.

36 Based on such arguments, the Father contends that the Judge was wrong in
her decision. The decision, he asserts, provides “judicial blessing to [the
Mother’s] brazen attempt to achieve back-door relocation through the abduction
of [the Children] …” [emphasis in original omitted], 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AWS at para 4.

and imposes no sanctions on the Mother for her actions. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AWS at para 5.

37 In any event, the Father asks for the imposition of “guardrails” on future
travel “to lessen the chance of a second (and irreversible) abduction of [the
Children] upon travel out of Singapore” [emphasis in original omitted] as
follows: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AWS at paras 1(a), 2 and 47–62.

(a) An order requiring the Mother to furnish a banker’s guarantee of $100,000
for each child before overseas travel.

(b) An order providing that all remaining maintenance amounts due to the
Mother under the Maintenance Order to cease should she not return the Children
to Singapore in breach of the AM Orders.

38 Further, the Father also specifically seeks an order for him and [A] to
attend “re-unification therapy sessions” for 18 months to repair their
relationship. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AWS at paras 1(b), 3 and 63–72.

The Father does not make any specific submissions in relation to the other
consequential reliefs contained in either SUM 326 and SUM 370, such as make-up
access to the Children, the appointment of a parenting co-ordinator or the
imposition of restraints on the parties’ communications with the Children.

The Mother’s case

39 In the Mother’s written submissions, in relation to SUM 370, the Mother
submits that the Father’s application was not made with the best interests of
the children in mind. Instead, he is trying to “punish” her. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Mother’s written submissions (“RWS”) at para 48.

She submits that the Judge was correct to find that there was clearly no
material change in circumstances that justified a change in care and control
of the Children. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

RWS at para 50.

She argues that her conduct in relation to the May 2021 Trip must be viewed in
context of the exceptional time and the fragile mental state of the Children.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

RWS at para 51.

While the Mother admits that the fractured relationship between the Father and
[A] is of concern, she denies that she is the cause. Instead, the breakdown in
the Father’s relationship with [A] is due to his conduct over many years. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

RWS at paras 56–68.

As for [B], the Mother accepts responsibility for the impact arising from the
May 2021 Trip. However, [B] has resumed access with the Father thereafter, and
his mental condition is also improving with professional help. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

RWS at paras 50–55.

The Judge thus did not err in finding that a switch in care and control, or
split care and control, would not be in the Children’s best interest.

40 Turning to SUM 326, the Mother argues that contrary to what the Father
suggests, she is not a “flight risk”. Apart from the “lone incident” of the
May 2021 Trip, she has never failed to return to Singapore with the Children.
While she is not “proud” of what she did in relation to the May 2021 Trip, it
was “due to the circumstances then”. The trips to the US are crucial for the
Children’s mental health, as they enjoy bonding with their friends and
spending time with the family. The summons to restrain travel taken out by the
Father in SUM 116 was “jarring” and she did what was necessary to protect her
children. In any case, she eventually returned to Singapore after the June
2022 Trip, which shows that the Father’s fears of permanent relocation are
unfounded. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

RWS at paras 79–81.

The Judge was correct to hold that the trips to the US are in the Children’s
best interest, and to dismiss SUM 326. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

RWS at para 82.

41 The Mother also makes specific arguments in relation to the consequential
prayers for both applications, which we shall deal with in due course, as is
necessary.

Our decision

The application to adduce further evidence

42 Before dealing with the Appeal, we turn to SUM 29 (mentioned at [4] above),
which is the Father’s application filed on 12 August 2022 for permission to
adduce a judgment of the US District Court on costs relating to the Hague
Proceedings dated 25 July 2022 (“the US Judgment”).

43 In this regard, the Father argues that he has satisfied the three
requirements for permission to adduce fresh evidence on appeal set out in Ladd
v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“Ladd v Marshall”). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Father’s written submissions in SUM 29.

We note that the US Judgment was released on 25 July 2022, after the decision
below was rendered on 10 May 2022. Pursuant to s 41(5) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed), such evidence may be adduced before the
Appellate Division of the High Court without permission of court. This means
that the Ladd v Marshall requirements are not applicable in the usual way.
Therefore, strictly speaking, SUM 29 is unnecessary.

44 However, it remains for this court to decide the issue of whether the
evidence should be admitted. In this connection, the interest in finality in
litigation should be protected, and this means that the appellate court’s
discretion to admit such evidence should only be exercised where the evidence
may materially alter the basis of the decision. The principal concern is
whether such evidence would have a perceptible impact on the decision such
that it is in the interest of justice that it should be admitted (BNX v BOE
and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 215 at [97]).

45 The US Judgment is a decision by a judge (“the US judge”) on the Father’s
“Motion for Attorney’s Fees and Costs” in relation to the Hague Proceedings.
In deciding the appropriate award of fees and costs to the Father, the US
judge noted that the relevant considerations included: (a) the reasonableness
of the fees; (b) the culpability of the Mother; (c) the difficulty of the
case; (d) whether the Mother had a reasonable (although mistaken) belief that
the removal of the Children was consistent with the laws of Singapore; and (e)
whether the award would affect the Mother’s financial ability to care for the
Children. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Father’s affidavit in SUM 29 at pp 5–7.

46 In this regard, the US judge made three main findings. First, that the
Mother “did not act in good faith”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Father’s affidavit in SUM 29 at p 7.

Second, that the Father was “presumptively entitled to a fee award, and the
requested fees [were] not excessive”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Father’s affidavit in SUM 29 at p 11.

Third, that the fee award would “not cause financial hardship” to the Mother
or the Children. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Father’s affidavit in SUM 29 at p 14.

47 In his written submissions dated 13 September 2022, the Father’s position
is that the US Judgment is “diametrically opposed” to the Judge’s decision. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Father’s submissions in SUM 29 at para 9.

The Father states that the US judge found that the Mother’s conduct was
“motivated by the hope of obtaining a more favorable custody determination.”
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Father’s submissions in SUM 29 at para 26(b).

He claims that this is a “conclusive determination” that the Mother had
abducted the Children with “the specific intent” of obtaining relocation to
the US. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Father’s submissions in SUM 29 at para 25.

He claims that the reasoning of the US judge is in line with Tan JC’s
reasoning in making the AM Orders, while the Judge had ignored Tan JC’s
reasoning completely. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Father’s submissions in SUM 29 at paras 11–12.

The US judge had also observed that there were no facts to suggest that he was
at fault for the Children’s inability to return to Singapore promptly. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Father’s submissions in SUM 29 at para 34; Father’s affidavit in SUM 29 at p
10.

Broadly, he argues that the US Judgment would have an important impact on the
outcome of the Appeal.

48 We pause to observe that despite being informed of the prescribed timeline
for filing her affidavit in response, if any, and the prescribed timeline for
both parties to file their written submissions, if any, the Mother chose not
to file either document. However, after receiving the Father’s written
submissions in SUM 29, she sent a short e-mail dated 19 September 2022 to the
Registry, objecting to certain aspects of the Father’s written submissions. As
a form of submissions, this e-mail was not filed in accordance with procedure,
or within the prescribed timeline. We therefore decline to consider it. As
such, we also do not take into account the Father’s e-mail in response to the
Mother’s e-mail, sent on the same day to the Registry.

49 For the following reasons, we allow the US Judgment to be admitted. The
Hague Proceedings are a part of the legal proceedings leading up to the
Appeal, and it would be preferable for us to have the full picture when
deciding the Appeal. Further, as argued by the Father, the US Judgment
contains certain observations about the Mother’s conduct which, at least
preliminarily, appear to differ somewhat from the Judge’s views. Undoubtedly,
the Mother’s conduct in relation to the May 2021 Trip is relevant to both SUM
370 and SUM 326. We therefore consider that the US Judgment may have a
perceptible impact on the decision in the Appeal. That said, as we stress
below, the paramount consideration in SUM 370 and SUM 326 should be the
welfare of the Children, and not the past conduct of the Mother.

50 Accordingly, for the reasons at [43] above, we make no order on SUM 29.
However, for the reasons at [49] above, we allow the US Judgment to be
admitted.

The Appeal

51 Turning to the Appeal proper, we begin by setting out the threshold to be
met before appellate intervention is warranted. An appellate court will be
slow to reverse or vary a decision made by the judge below unless it can be
demonstrated that the judge has committed an error of law or principle, the
judge has failed to appreciate certain material facts (ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR
1043 at [42]; TNL v TNK and another appeal and another matter [2017] 1 SLR 609
at [53]), or the decision was plainly wrong, as would be the case if the judge
had exercised her discretion wrongly (TSF v TSE [2018] 2 SLR 833 (“TSF v TSE”)
at [49]). That said, in a case where evidence is given by way of affidavits,
the appellate court is in as good a position as the judge to draw inferences
and conclusions from the evidence (TSF v TSE at [50]). With that, we shall
deal with the issues arising from the parties’ cases in the Appeal.

Variation of care and control, and access orders

52 We begin with the issues relating to care and control, as well as access,
raised in SUM 370. The Father is highly critical of the Judge’s reasons for
dismissing his prayers in relation to these matters. As set out above at [23],
the Judge correctly identified that to vary a care and control order, there
must be a material change in the circumstances, and the paramount
consideration is the welfare of the child.

53 The Father focuses on arguing that the Judge’s decision was plainly wrong,
especially in her assessment of the Mother’s conduct in relation to the May
2021 Trip. He suggests that the Judge’s dismissal of both SUM 370 and SUM 326
was based on a “misunderstanding of basic facts”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AWS at para 8.

We refer to the summary of his position at [35] above. The crux of the
Father’s case is that the Judge failed to draw the correct inferences and
conclusions from the materials before her. In particular, she failed to
understand that the Mother was “hell-bent” on relocating the Children,
“pandemic or no pandemic”. By erring in this way, the Father contends that the
Judge reached a plainly wrong decision in dismissing SUM 370 (and SUM 326).

54 In our view, the Judge duly considered the material facts raised by the
Father in relation to the Mother’s conduct in May 2021: see [20]–[21] above.
Specifically, the Judge noted that the Mother had acted in breach of the AM
Orders when she brought the Children to the US in May 2021, and that while
there, the Mother made enquiries about schooling for the Children. By way of
context, the Judge also noted the Mother’s previous application to relocate
the Children to the US in SUM 1980 (and that SUM 1980 was denied). She was
also cognisant of how the Mother had resisted the Hague Proceedings, that the
Mother relied on the Art 13 defence which required [A]’s participation for his
views to be heard, and how the Children were returned to Singapore only after
the Father succeeded in those proceedings: the GD at [12].

55 Like the Judge, we accept that, as the Mother submits, the May 2021 Trip
was an aberration. While it is true that the Mother applied for relocation
previously, we know of no issues arising from previous trips to the US. In
relation to the May 2021 Trip, the Mother understands that she was wrong
although she maintains that she did not abduct the Children, and she has
apologised. She also asks for her conduct to be viewed against the
circumstances of the time. As we stated at [32] of the AD 48 Grounds, there
does not seem to be a good reason for the Mother’s breach of the AM Orders.
That said, we agree with the Judge that the Mother’s conduct must be viewed
through the lenses of the ongoing litigation at that time regarding travel,
and the difficult circumstances of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the point
that the Mother had not been allowed to travel with the Children to the US for
the 2019 summer break, 2019 winter break, 2020 summer break, 2020 winter break
and 2021 winter break (see [8], [9], [12] and [17] above).

56 Turning to the US Judgment, we note that the US judge found that there was
no good reason to deny the Father reimbursement by the Mother for legal
expenses he had incurred for the Hague Proceedings. In making this finding,
the US judge did conclude that the Mother “did not act in good faith in
removing the [Children] from Singapore”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

The US judgment at p 7.

That conclusion, however, does not assist the Father because the question
before the US judge was simply whether the Mother had acted in good faith such
that a fee award against her was “clearly inappropriate”. To answer this
question, the US judge concluded that the Mother: (a) did not act in the
reasonable belief that her actions were compliant with Singapore law, and
instead evinced an intent to evade or subvert the same; (b) did not act with
the Father’s permission or notice; (c) did not act pursuant to an agreement
with the Father; and (d) did not act so as to protect the Children from grave
risk of harm if returned. It is not controversial that all this is true of the
Mother’s conduct. However, these points are not determinative of the question
before the Judge which was a much wider one: whether the Mother’s conduct was
so egregious that it was no longer in the Children’s best interests to remain
in her sole care and control.

57 In our view, the Father goes too far to allege that at that time, the
Mother was “hell-bent” on relocating the Children, and that the surrounding
circumstances had little or no part to play in the Mother’s actions. As we
explain in greater detail at [64]–[71] below, we are not satisfied that the
Mother’s conduct in relation to the May 2021 Trip suggests that she will
attempt to relocate the Children in the future. At present, we are of the view
that, moving forward, the Mother is likely to comply with the terms of the AM
Orders.

58 Apart from the claim that the Mother would seek to relocate the Children by
way of future travel, the Father also makes allegations about the Mother’s
role in the deterioration of the Children’s emotional well-being and [A]’s
relationship with him. He alleges that the Mother has sought to use [A] to
further her relocation attempt, especially by placing [A] at the centre of the
Hague Proceedings. He also alleges that the Mother has sought to alienate [A]
from him, resulting in a deteriorating relationship between father and son. In
addition, he alleges that [B] has suffered trauma arising from the May 2021
Trip, and has exhibited self-harm and suicidal tendencies. The Mother disputes
the Father’s allegations in relation to [A], and submits that [B]’s mental
health is improving. The Father’s submissions are detailed, but we do not
propose to delve into the details here. Just as the Father has his perspective
on the events, the Mother, too, has her side of the story.

59 For present purposes, it is important to highlight that the Judge was
clearly mindful of the material facts, including the thrust of the allegations
made by the Father against the Mother. In the GD, she took pains to set out
these matters in detail: the GD at [18]–[21]. Thereafter, it was her
considered view that “the actions of both parties had also contributed to the
emotional state that the Children are in”: the GD at [22]. We agree with this
view.

60 All things considered, we agree with the Judge’s conclusion that it would
not be in the Children’s interest for a switch of sole care and control from
the Mother to the Father. It is not disputed that the Mother has been the
primary caregiver of the Children. Notwithstanding the Mother’s conduct in
relation to the May 2021 Trip, and on the premise that moving forward, both
parties will comply with the terms of the AM Orders, there is really nothing
to suggest that such a switch in care and control will be beneficial for the
Children’s mental and emotional well-being. As we explain at [87] below, we
are hopeful that the Mother appreciates that it is in the Children’s interests
to comply with the AM Orders. Contrary to the Father’s contention, the Judge
was not plainly wrong. Accordingly, we affirm the Judge’s decision to maintain
the status quo, and to dismiss the prayers of SUM 370 on the variation of care
and control, and consequential orders on access.

Restrictions on overseas travel

61 Having determined that the Mother should retain care and control of the
Children, we now consider the restrictions the Father sought to impose on
overseas travel by the Mother with the Children in SUM 326. As set out above
at [20], in dealing with SUM 326, the Judge noted that the welfare principle
is paramount. The Father does not argue, nor do we think it can be argued,
that the Judge committed an error of law or principle. That said, as set out
above, the Father was very aggrieved by the Judge’s reasons, especially her
assessment of the Mother’s conduct.

62 Having analysed the material facts set out at [54] above, the Judge arrived
at her view that it would be in the Children’s interest to travel to the US
twice a year as per the AM Orders. On this point, we agree completely with the
Judge. We need say no more than what we have already said in the AD 48 Grounds
at [27] which we reproduce:

… it is undoubtedly in the Children’s interest for them to spend time in the
[US]. It is not disputed that prior to the COVID-19 Pandemic, the Children
routinely travelled to the [US]. It is also not disputed that they looked
forward to these trips as they were able to spend time with their extended
family. Over the past few years however, the Children’s ability to travel has
been severely limited, either due to court orders, or by the COVID-19
Pandemic. This has been a significant disruption to their normal routine. It
seems to us, and it is not disputed, that such trips provided a tremendous
amount of support to the Children. Having lived through the past two years of
COVID-19 Pandemic, as well as having experienced the trauma of extensive
litigation between their parents, the Children should have some sense of
normalcy return to their lives. Thus, in our opinion, it is in the interest of
the Children to restore their routine travel to the [US].

63 The Father’s written submissions do not persuade us otherwise. In fact, it
seems to us that at the end of the day, the Father does not seriously dispute
that the trips per se are in the interest of the Children. Expanding on the
gist of the Father’s case set out at [35] above, the pertinent point he makes
is that it would not be in the Children’s interest to be “abducted” again so
as to remain in the US permanently, and that there is a risk of this given the
Mother’s history of attempts to relocate the Children and the May 2021 Trip.
We shall refer to this as the “relocation risk”, and we discuss this in more
detail shortly. For now, we observe that we do not accept that the likelihood
of any relocation risk materialising is such that it should be addressed by
imposing the stringent restriction set out in Prayer 1 of SUM 326, ie, for an
injunction to restrain such travel, save with the Father’s consent or a court
order. This would amount to removing routine travel, and to our minds, it
would not be in the Children’s interests to do so. Hence, we see no basis to
intervene in the Judge’s decision to refuse the injunctive relief sought. We
also do not think there is any reason for the Father to hold onto the
Children’s passports (which was the subject matter of Prayers 2 and 3 of SUM
326). As explained above, we are of the view that the Mother should remain the
parent with sole care and control of the Children. The passports should thus
remain with her.

64 As alluded to earlier, the Father’s main concern is that a future trip may
result in a “a second (and irreversible) abduction of [the Children]”: see
[37] above. Whether any relocation risk is likely to materialise, and whether
any measures are required to mitigate any relocation risk, are questions to
which we now turn. In particular, we consider these questions in the context
of the Father’s request to impose “guardrails” on future travel.

65 As mentioned at [37] above, the Father requests two “guardrails” in respect
of the Mother’s overseas travel with the Children. We begin with the first,
which is the requirement for the Mother to furnish security of $100,000 for
each child to ensure his return to Singapore (see [16(c)] and [37(a)] above).
As we recognised in the AD 48 Grounds at [31], on the evidence before us then,
there was some risk that the Mother would attempt to permanently relocate the
Children if she were to be allowed to bring them out of the jurisdiction.
Since then, however, the June 2022 Trip appears to have gone smoothly, with
the Children returning on 29 July 2022 as the Mother promised.

66 Admittedly, as the Father contends, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AWS at para 49(a).

this could partly be attributable to our warning in AD 48 about the impact of
any poor conduct on the outcome of the Appeal. Thus, the fact that the June
2022 Trip proceeded without issue does not necessarily mean that the same will
be true of future trips, if the Appeal is decided without imposing any
“guardrails”. In particular, the Father submits that the Mother will not give
up her quest to relocate the Children, and she will not wait six years for [B]
to graduate from high school. As time goes by, [A]’s views of not wishing to
be in Singapore will become more entrenched, and this will strengthen the
Mother’s defence against return of the Children in any future Hague Convention
proceedings. Furthermore, when [A] turns 16 years old, the Hague Convention
will become inapplicable to him. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AWS at para 50.

The Father also expresses concern that given that the Judge endorsed that the
Children should not be separated, this would mean that [B] would be
“bootstrapped” to [A]’s wishes and would be pressured to stay in the US. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AWS at paras 57–59.

67 As explained at [55] above, we are satisfied that the May 2021 Trip was an
exceptional one, born out of the circumstances at the time. Arising from the
May 2021 Trip, the Mother had to defend the Hague Proceedings in the US, and
contest the multiple applications and appeals in Singapore. With the
conclusion of the Appeal, the litigation concerning travel by the Children
should finally cease. The COVID-19 pandemic situation has also largely
resolved, with no more uncertainty about travel out of and into Singapore by
the Mother and the Children. Given that the Mother and the Children have ties
to the US, the history of the case and the saga concerning the May 2021 Trip,
we accept that it cannot be said that there is no longer any relocation risk.
However, given the recent developments, in our opinion, the likelihood of any
relocation risk materialising is substantially ameliorated.

68 Further, as we warned previously in AD 48, the Mother should be well aware
that should she attempt to relocate the Children in breach of a court order,
she will probably be met with a second set of Hague Convention proceedings to
ensure the return of the Children. Not only will this impact the well-being of
the Children, it will also come at a significant cost to the Mother (including
financial cost) as that attempt will provide further ammunition to the Father
in any future application he embarks on. This should serve as effective
deterrence against any future relocation attempt without a proper application,
and as a safeguard against the relocation risk materialising.

69 We appreciate that [A] will turn 16 years old in 2024, and that at that
point, the Hague Convention shall cease to apply to him: Art 4 of the Hague
Convention. However, that is more than a year away. Even then, [B] will remain
subject to Hague Convention proceedings for about two years after that. While
we note the Father’s concerns, we are not persuaded that in any further legal
proceedings, [B] will be “bootstrapped” to [A]’s wishes. [B]’s welfare will be
equally important in any court proceedings. Also, we are doubtful that the
Mother will split the Children, leaving [A] in the US should [B] be required
to return to Singapore by a court order. The point to be made is that should
the relocation risk materialise, there will still be an avenue for the Father
to ensure that the AM Orders are complied with, and the best interests of the
Children are protected.

70 We turn to the consider the fact that on 14 December 2021, the Mother wrote
to the Judge, asking to travel with [A] during the winter break, and for this
purpose, offering to put up a bond of $50,000 security. Specifically, the
Mother wrote as follows, “[A] will not put [the Mother] in a position where he
will not return – especially knowing the great cost to [the Mother]”. As the
Father argues, this shows that the Mother admits to the “efficacy” of the
security requirement, to ensure [A] does not resist returning to Singapore.
Although the Mother made the offer, we note that she did so on an ad hoc basis
so as to provide some form of assurance for [A]’s conduct. She did not offer
this as a continuing measure to allay the Father’s concerns that she was a
flight risk. Further, she made this offer in the midst of a hard-fought
application in SUM 326, hoping to be able to travel after a long hiatus. Thus,
we do not consider it appropriate to accord much weight to this voluntary
offer in respect of the intended trip in December 2021, or to rely on it to
find that the security requirement should be imposed on the Mother for all
future travel. We accept the Father’s point that a strong financial
disincentive will reduce the likelihood of the relocation risk materialising,
but the real question is whether this financial disincentive is necessary or
appropriate in the present circumstances.

71 Having considered the fact that the likelihood of the relocation risk
materialising has been reduced, and that there is recourse available to the
Father should the relocation risk materialise, we do not think that the Judge
was plainly wrong in deciding that the security requirement was not necessary
to mitigate any relocation risk. As an appellate court, we do not see any
basis to intervene to vary this aspect of the decision.

72 We now turn to the second guardrail. The Father seeks the cessation of the
Mother’s maintenance as required by the Maintenance Order should she breach
the AM Orders by not returning to Singapore with the Children (see [37(b)]
above). It is important to note that this was not expressly sought in any of
the prayers in SUM 326.

73 Section 118 of the Women’s Charter sets out the power of the court to vary
orders for maintenance and provides that the court may rescind any subsisting
order for maintenance where it is satisfied that “the order was based on any
misrepresentation or mistake of fact or where there has been any material
change in the circumstances”.

74 However, it is well-established that the power to order maintenance is
supplementary to the power to divide matrimonial assets, meaning that courts
would generally take into account the party’s share of matrimonial assets when
determining the quantum of maintenance to be ordered: Foo Ah Yan v Chiam Heng
Chow [2012] 2 SLR 506 at [26]. If any breach, however minor, would mean
cessation of maintenance, this seems draconian. It would therefore not be
appropriate to use the threat of cessation of maintenance as a guardrail.

75 By the above, we see no reason to impose the guardrails sought by the
Father.

Therapy for [A]

76 We will now turn to consider the specific request by the Father in relation
to therapy for [A].

77 In Prayer 5 of SUM 370, the Father asked that one of three named therapists
be appointed to carry out the necessary therapy or treatment “to restore the
relationship between [him] and [A]”. The Mother explained that [A] was already
seeing [Therapist Y] and should continue doing so. The Judge noted this at
[32] of the GD, and decided it best that [A] continue with therapy sessions
with [Therapist Y]. She also considered that joint sessions could be arranged
with the Father. However, the Judge declined to make an order on this (see
[26] above).

78 We do not see how it can be argued that the Judge was plainly wrong to
dismiss Prayer 5 of the application. That said, on appeal, the parties appear
to agree that [A] requires therapy sessions. In his submissions, the Father
has not pursued his request for the specific therapists that he named in SUM
370 to be appointed and instead focuses on the need for reunification therapy
to repair his relationship with [A]. The Mother also asks for the necessary
orders to be made in respect of therapy for [A] in the sense that she seeks an
order to appoint [Therapist Y] to be the therapist for [A] and for the costs
of therapy to be borne by the Father. She also seeks other orders which we
need not elaborate on at present. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

RWS at para 75.

We note that while both parties seem to agree that the court should formally
appoint a therapist for [A] and the Father has been paying the costs thereof,
it is unclear whether the Father agrees with the other orders sought by the
Mother as they were not part of a formal application by her.

79 We agree with the Judge that should it be in [A]’s best interests to
continue therapy, this should be with [Therapist Y] with whom he is familiar.
We are of the view that [A] should continue with some therapy until the
parties agree otherwise. The details of the therapy, such as the number of
sessions, the duration of the sessions, the scope of the sessions and whether
the sessions are to be joint sessions with the Father, should be determined by
[Therapist Y] rather than mandated by court order. This is because we have
little basis for determining what specific treatment would be in [A]’s best
interests. [Therapist Y], who has been seeing [A] and is a professional, is
best placed to decide these details in line with [A]’s best interests. We
understand that the Father’s primary concern is that his relationship with [A]
has broken down and he is eager for it to be repaired. However, how this
should be done, in [A]’s best interests, is best left to [Therapist Y].

80 We note that the Father has not asked specifically for the Mother to share
in the cost of [A]’s sessions with [Therapist Y]. He has been paying for these
sessions thus far, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Mother’s affidavit in SUM 370 at pp 416–417.

and he should continue to do so.

Make-up access, and the appointment of parenting co-ordinator

81 Moving on, the Father does not specifically ask for any other consequential
orders to be made by this court in the Appeal such as make-up access (see
Prayers 3 and 4 of SUM 370), or the appointment of a parenting co-ordinator
(see Prayer 6 of SUM 370). The Mother argues that there is no reason to fault
the Judge’s decision. We, too, do not see any reason for such orders, or any
basis to intervene in the Judge’s decision to dismiss those prayers.

Imposition of restraints on the parties' communications

82 Further, the Father has not pressed for the imposition of restraints on the
parties’ communications with the Children (as requested in Prayer 7 of SUM
370). The Mother does not object to such an imposition as such although she
agrees with the Judge that there is no need for such an order. In any case, we
agree with the Judge that such conduct is already expected of the parties and
that it is not necessary to make such an order.

Wasted expenditure claim

83 For completeness, we note that the Mother has, in her written submissions,
asked that the Father be ordered to reimburse her for wasted expenditure of
$5,663 which she incurred as travel costs for the 2021 winter break trip which
did not go ahead (see [17] above). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

RWS at para 89.

In this connection, we observe that the Children’s travel expenses are meant
to be covered by the AM Orders, under which the Father is required to pay
$10,000 in yearly maintenance for each child’s summer and winter break travel
expenses. Thus, the factual and legal basis for seeking the reimbursement is
unclear. In any event, we note that the Mother did not formally apply for
this. It appears that the request was only raised at para 172 of her affidavit
in support of SUM 326. The Judge did not deal with this matter, and the Mother
did not appeal against the Judge’s decision. Thus, we are unable to deal with
the Mother’s reimbursement claim.

Conclusion

84 For the foregoing reasons, we dismiss SUM 29 and the Appeal, subject to
[85].

85 We order that [A] is to continue therapy with [Therapist Y] until the
parties agree or the court orders otherwise. The details of the therapy
sessions, including the number of sessions, the duration of the sessions, the
scope of the sessions and whether the sessions are to involve the Father, are
to be determined by [Therapist Y]. Further, we order that the costs of the
therapy sessions are to be borne by the Father. For the time being, we will
not make other orders sought by the Mother in respect of the therapy.
Hopefully parties can agree on them, going forward, if necessary.

86 We now deal with the costs of the Appeal, SUM 29 and AD 48 (the costs of AD
48 were reserved pending the hearing of this appeal). An order for costs may
be made by the court to reasonably compensate a successful party who is not
legally represented for the time and work required for the proceedings, and
for reasonable expenses (see O 21 r 7 of the Rules of Court 2021). The Father
has been unsuccessful in AD 48, SUM 29 and the Appeal, which means that he has
not managed to challenge the AM Orders (which in our view provide suitably for
the Children’s best interests). Based on the circumstances of this case, we
are of the view that the Mother is entitled to some reasonable expenses for
all three matters. Although we could have asked the Mother to state her
expenses for all the three matters in question, we thought we would estimate
them the best we could and then fix the amount. We do so with a view to saving
the parties the time of trawling through the expenses, with the attendant
aggravation the process would undoubtedly bring. Accordingly, in the round, we
order the Father to pay $5,000 for the Mother’s expenses for all three
matters. The usual consequential orders will apply in relation to the security
for costs furnished by the parties for these matters.

87 In closing, we observe that after the intensely fought litigation in
relation to SUM 326 and SUM 370, the parties are back to square one, with this
court affirming the AM Orders, especially in relation to the travel
arrangements for the Children. By now, both parties must be keenly aware that
stability is critical for the Children. Compliance with the AM Orders offers
the Children precisely a measure of that in their daily lives. For that
reason, both parties are urged to abide by, co-operate and support each other
to comply with the meaning and spirit of the terms of the AM Orders. Further
litigation is only going to bring about more uncertainty, pain and harm to the
Children. It is our hope that both the Father and the Mother do not visit this
upon the Children.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court  
---|---  
  
The appellant in person;

the respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Mar 2023 (17:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

