Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 21

Originating Application No 783 of 2022

Between

Rida Global Pte Ltd

… Applicant

And

Jonathan Lim Chuan Ren

… Respondent

judgment

[Courts And Jurisdiction – High court – Judges – Transfer of cases]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Rida Global Pte Ltd

  
v

  
Lim Chuan Ren

Jonathan

[2023] SGHC 21

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 783 of 2022  
Choo Han Teck J  

31 January 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an application for the transfer of proceedings from the Employment
Claims Tribunal (“ECT”) to the General Division of the High Court pursuant to
s 17 of the Employment Claims Act 2016 (2020 Rev Ed) (“ECA”). The applicant,
Rida Global Pte Ltd (“Rida Global”), is a company incorporated in Singapore.
Its principal business is in operating route-planning and physical delivery
services for goods. The respondent, Jonathan Lim Chuan Ren (“Lim”), was an
employee of Rida Global from 1 April 2022 to 23 August 2022. On 23 August
2022, Rida Global summarily dismissed Lim without notice. On 17 October 2022,
Lim commenced proceedings for wrongful dismissal against Rida Global in the
Employment Claims Tribunal (“ECT”), giving rise to ECT/10764/2022 (the “ECT
Proceedings”). On 22 November 2022, Rida Global commenced HC/OC 404/2022
against Lim for damages arising from breaches of fiduciary and contractual
duties (the “High Court Suit”). Rida Global now applies for the ECT
Proceedings to be transferred and tried together with the High Court Suit.

2 Under s 17(1) of the ECA, proceedings before the ECT may be transferred to
the appropriate court where there is “sufficient reason” to do so. Both
parties have referred me to the case of DFI Engineering Pte Ltd v Mo Mei Jen
[2018] 5 SLR 431 (“DFI Engineering”) where Lee Seiu Kin J recognized the
following guiding principles for what constitutes “sufficient reason” under s
17(1) of the ECA:

(a) The degree of overlap of issues of fact and/or law;

(b) The complexity of the dispute;

(c) The amount claimed in the ECT proceedings; and

(d) Cost implications of the transfer.

3 These factors are helpful and sensible, but every application must be
assessed on its own facts. At the hearing before me, Lim’s counsel insisted
that there was no overlap at all between the factual and legal issues in the
ECT Proceedings and High Court Suit. In support of his point, counsel referred
me to s 14(1) of the Employment Act 1968 (2020 Rev Ed) (“EA”) for the elements
of a wrongful dismissal claim:

14.—(1) An employer may after due inquiry dismiss without notice an employee
employed by the employer on the grounds of misconduct inconsistent with the
fulfilment of the express or implied conditions of the employee’s service,
except that instead of dismissing an employee an employer may —

4 Counsel emphasised the words “after due inquiry” and submitted that the only
issue in the ECT Proceedings was whether due inquiry was conducted.
Accordingly, counsel says that whether or not Lim was in breach of his
employment obligations (which forms the subject matter of the High Court Suit)
is completely irrelevant to the ECT Proceedings. I do not agree. S 14(1) of
the EA requires the tribunal to consider whether “grounds or misconduct
inconsistent with the fulfilment of the express or implied conditions of the
employee’s service” is proven. Furthermore, under s 14(3) of the EA, the
Tribunal may order a reinstatement or award compensation should it find that
no just cause for dismissal existed. These legal issues require the Tribunal
to inquire into allegations of breaches by Lim of his employment obligations.
All that are precisely the subject matter of the High Court Suit. Accordingly,
I do not agree with counsel for Lim that there is no overlap on issues of fact
and law. These common issues of fact and law may result in inconsistent
results in the two proceedings. Rida Global’s claims in the High Court action
against Lim raise legal and technical issues. As the ECA does not permit legal
representations in ECT proceedings, this overlap in law and fact may adversely
affect Rida Global who seems to have a much larger claim than Lim.
Furthermore, it would not be in Lim’s interest to contend with the law of
confidence and fiduciary duties without the assistance of counsel in the ECT.

5 Counsel for Lim cited the inflation of costs as a justification for not
allowing the transfer of the ECT Proceedings, pointing to Parliament’s intent
for the ECT to reduce the legal costs of employment claims. A transfer of ECT
proceedings to a court will almost invariably involve an increase in costs,
because of increased court and filing fees, because claimants prohibited from
engaging legal counsel in the ECT may wish to do so in the High Court. The
issue of an increase in costs must be examined in the context of each case. We
have to consider how substantial that increase would be against the merits of
allowing the transfer. In DFI Engineering (at [22]-[24]), Lee J held in that
case that the saving of costs in keeping the ECT proceedings distinct from the
High Court proceedings would have been “overwhelming” because the claim there
was made against 12 defendants, and thus, allowing the transfer for the
defendant would mean that 11 other defendants would have to go through an
extended trial over an issue irrelevant to them. Unlike DFI Engineering, the
only increase in costs in this present application would be the costs of
instructing counsel concerning Lim’s claim.

6 Moreover, the cost implications of a transfer must be considered, not in
isolation, but relative to the amount claimed in the ECT Proceedings to be
transferred. Unlike the defendant in DFI Engineering who was claiming
$3,667.57, Lim is claiming for $20,000, which is the jurisdictional limit of
the ECT. In Lim’s affidavit dated 17 January 2023 at page 37, the stipulated
original claim in the ECT claim form was $35,000 but the excess was abandoned
to comply with the ECT jurisdictional limit.

7 Legal costs is, understandably, a concern for most litigants, but access to
counsel in complex issues, and having consistency of judicial outcomes must be
taken into account. Rida Global’s claim against Lim are plausible, serious,
and substantial. The issues of both fact and law between its claim and Lim’s
claim for wrongful dismissal not only overlap but are entwined. I allow the
application for the ECT Proceedings to be transferred to the High Court and
tried together with the High Court Suit. It will thus proceed as a
counterclaim in the High Court Suit.

8 Costs are reserved to the trial judge.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Ang Ann Liang (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the applicant;  
Yeoh Jun Wei Derric (Donaldson & Burkinshaw LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 08 Feb 2023 (11:32 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

