Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 207

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9152 of 2022

Between

Prasanth s/o Mogan

… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor

… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Young offenders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Prasanth s/o Mogan

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2023] SGHC 207

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9152 of 2022  
Vincent Hoong J  
27 July 2023

2 August 2023

Vincent Hoong J:

Introduction

1 The Appellant, Mr Prasanth s/o Mogan, was 19 years old at the time of the
offences. He pleaded guilty in the District Court to a charge of rioting with
a deadly weapon under s 148 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”)
and a charge of voyeurism under s 377BB(4) PC. He also consented to a third
charge of criminal intimidation under s 506 PC being taken into consideration
for the purposes of sentencing. The District Judge (“the DJ”) sentenced the
Appellant to reformative training (“RT”) with a minimum detention period of 12
months (see Public Prosecutor v Prasanth s/o Mogan [2022] SGDC 209 (“GD”)).

2 In Magistrate’s Appeal No 9152 of 2022, the Appellant sought a sentence of
probation on the grounds that: (a) the DJ was wrong to identify retribution as
a relevant sentencing consideration; and (b) a sentence of probation would, in
any event, adequately meet any need for deterrence and retribution.

3 At the conclusion of the hearing on 27 July 2023, I dismissed the appeal. I
now set out the reasons for my decision.

Undisputed facts

4 The offences were committed on 2 March 2021 against a 17-year-old male
victim (“the Victim”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROA at p 7 (Statement of Facts (“SOF”) at para 4).

The co-accused persons were Satish Jason s/o Prabahas (“Satish”), Sharan Boy
Joseph s/o Prabahas (“Sharan”), Veeranaarth s/o V Kannan (“Veeranaarth”) and
[AAA], 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

The name of this young person is redacted in accordance with s 112 of the
Children and Young Persons Act 1993 (2020 Rev Ed).

male persons of 18 to 22 years of age. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA at p 7 (SOF at para 2).

5 Prior to the offences, the Appellant, Satish and Sharan were involved in an
ongoing dispute with the Victim concerning the Victim’s interactions with one
“Nithiya”. Nithiya was the Victim’s ex-girlfriend and the Appellant’s then-
girlfriend, as well as Satish’s and Sharan’s younger sister. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA at p 8 (SOF at para 6).

6 On 1 March 2021, sometime after 9.30pm, the Appellant instructed Veeranaarth
to obtain and provide him with the Victim’s location. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA at p 8 (SOF at para 8).

Veeranaarth thus arranged a meet-up with the Victim at the rooftop of the
multi-storey carpark located at 693A Woodlands Avenue 6, Admiralty Grove (“the
Incident Location”). Veeranaarth also invited along one “Yuvaraj”, a 20-year-
old male, on the pretext of having drinks with the Victim. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA at p 8 (SOF at para 8).

At about 10.00pm, Veeranaarth and Yuvaraj met the Victim at the Incident
Location. While they were chatting and drinking alcohol, Veeranaarth called
the Appellant to inform him of their location. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA at p 8 (SOF at para 10).

7 On 2 March 2021, at about 12.15am, the Appellant arrived at the Incident
Location with Satish, Sharan and AAA. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROA at p 8 (SOF at para 10).

The Appellant and the co-accused persons then attacked the Victim in
prosecution of their common object to voluntarily cause hurt to him: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROA at pp 8–9 (SOF at paras 10-11).

(a) Upon noticing the arrival of the Appellant, Satish, Sharan and AAA,
Veeranaarth held the Victim’s arms and punched his jaw area once to prevent
him from escaping, causing him to fall to the ground and land among some
bushes. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROA at pp 8–9 (SOF at para 11).

(b) While the Victim was on the ground, the Appellant and the co-accused
persons punched, kicked and stepped on his head and torso area several times.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROA at pp 8–9 (SOF at para 11).

(c) The Appellant then took out a pocket-knife and threatened to slash the
Victim if he did not get out of the bushes. As the Victim felt weak and could
not get up, the Appellant slashed his right forearm once with the pocket-
knife. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROA at pp 8–9 (SOF at para 11).

(d) The Appellant further threatened to stab the Victim if he did not stand
up. While the Victim was attempting to do so, Satish and Sharan punched his
face and torso area, causing him to fall down a second time. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROA at p 9 (SOF at para 12).

(e) Veeranaarth and AAA then kicked and punched the Victim’s head and torso
area. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA at p 9 (SOF at para 12).

8 Yuvaraj was not involved in the attack. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROA at pp 8–9 (SOF at para 11).

9 Next, the Appellant removed the Victim’s clothing with the assistance of
Satish, Sharan and AAA. The Appellant then used his handphone to record a
video of the Victim naked while Veeranaarth turned on a flashlight to ensure
that he was visible. During the recording of the video, the Appellant also
instructed the Victim to dance. The Victim’s genitals were visible in the
video. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROA at p 9 (SOF at para 13).

10 When the Appellant was satisfied with the video recorded, he asked the
Victim to kiss his shoe. The Victim complied. The Appellant then threw the
Victim’s clothing into the bushes.

11 Before leaving the Incident Location, the Appellant threatened that he
would leak the video on social media if the Victim were to lodge a police
report over the incident. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROA at p 9 (SOF at para 14).

12 On 3 March 2021, the Victim was examined at the Acute and Emergency Care
Centre of Khoo Teck Puat Hospital. In a medical report prepared by Dr
Francesca Thng dated 4 June 2021, the Victim was noted to have sustained the
following injuries: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROA at pp 9-11 (SOF at paras 16-17 and Annex A).

(a) left maxillary sinus and left orbital fractures;

(b) right forearm laceration wounds;

(c) left chest wall and hypochondrium muscle strain;

(d) abrasion wounds “secondary to claimed assault”; and

(e) incidental prominent nasopharynx soft tissues.

The proceedings below

13 On 6 April 2022, the Appellant pleaded guilty to a charge of rioting with a
deadly weapon under s 148 PC and a charge of voyeurism under s 377BB(4) PC. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROA at p 22 (6 April 2022 Transcript at p 1 lines 12-15 and 18-20).

He also consented to a third charge of criminal intimidation under s 506 PC
being taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROA at p 27 (6 April 2022 Transcript at p 6 lines 6-8).

The third charge related to the Appellant’s threat to leak the video on social
media if the Victim were to lodge a police report.

14 In view of the Appellant’s youth, the DJ called for pre-sentencing reports
to assess his suitability for probation and RT.

15 In the Probation Officer’s Report dated 13 May 2022 (“the Probation
Report”), the Appellant was found suitable for probation 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROA at p 102 (Probation Report dated 13 May 2022 (“Probation Report”) at p 2).

and recommended for 24 months’ split probation (six months intensive, 18
months supervised) subject to the following conditions: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROA at p 101 (Probation Report at p 1).

(a) a time restriction between 11.00pm and 6.00am;

(b) a six-month electronic monitoring scheme;

(c) 80 hours of community service;

(d) attendance of a Decision Making and Conflict Resolution Workshop; and

(e) the Appellant’s father to be bonded.

16 In the Pre-Sentencing Report for RT dated 10 May 2022 (“the RT Report”),
the Appellant was found physically and mentally suitable for RT 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROA at pp 91–92 (Reformative Training Suitability Report dated 10 May 2022
(“RT Report”) at pp 2-3).

and recommended for Level 2 intensity of rehabilitation. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROA at p 97 (RT Report at p 8).

17 The Prosecution sought a sentence of RT at Level 2 intensity of
rehabilitation. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROA at p 116 (Address on Sentence by Prosecution dated 16 May 2022 at para
14).

Counsel for the Appellant, Mr Muhammed Riyach Bin Hussain Omar (“Mr Riyach”),
meanwhile, sought a sentence of probation. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROA at p 126 (Plea in Mitigation and Skeletal Submission on Sentence dated 1
August 2022 at para 20).

The decision below

18 On 12 August 2022, the DJ sentenced the Appellant to RT with a minimum
detention period of 12 months (see GD at [45]).

19 In arriving at his decision, the DJ applied the well-established framework
for the sentencing of young offenders, as explained by the High Court in
Public Prosecutor v Koh Wen Jie Boaz [2016] 1 SLR 334 (“Boaz Koh”) at [28]:

It is well established that when a court sentences a youthful offender, it
approaches the task in two distinct but related stages (Public Prosecutor v
Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri [2008] 1 SLR(R) 449 (“PP v Al-Ansari”) at
[77]–[78]). At the first stage of the sentencing process, the task for the
court is to identify and prioritise the primary sentencing considerations
appropriate to the youth in question having regard to all the circumstances
including those of the offence. This will then set the parameters for the
second stage of the inquiry, which is to select the appropriate sentence that
would best meet those sentencing considerations and the priority that the
sentencing judge has placed upon the relevant ones.

20 At the first stage, the DJ accepted that rehabilitation remained the
dominant sentencing consideration on account of the Appellant’s youth. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

GD at [5] and [39].

However, the DJ also regarded deterrence and retribution as relevant
sentencing considerations in view of: (a) the seriousness of the offences; (b)
the central role played by the Appellant in orchestrating the assault and
humiliating the Victim; and (c) the serious harm caused to the Victim. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

GD at [39].

Given the serious nature of the offences, the fact that the Appellant was a
person with special needs and committed the offences out of anger towards the
Victim did not detract from the need for deterrence and retribution. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

GD at [40].

21 At the second stage, the DJ concluded that RT would appropriately balance
the sentencing considerations of rehabilitation, deterrence and retribution.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

GD at [41]–[42].

Conversely, a sentence of probation would not adequately meet the need for
deterrence and retribution, especially because the Appellant did not appear to
have appreciated the gravity of his offences. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

GD at [43].

The parties’ cases

22 On appeal, the Appellant sought a sentence of probation instead of RT on
the grounds that: (a) the DJ was wrong to identify retribution as a relevant
sentencing consideration; 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s Submissions (“AS”) at paras 6–7.

and (b) a sentence of probation would, in any event, adequately meet any need
for deterrence and retribution. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AS at paras 8–16.

23 The Prosecution, meanwhile, submitted that the DJ’s sentence should be
upheld because: (a) the DJ correctly identified deterrence and retribution as
relevant sentencing considerations alongside the primary sentencing
consideration of rehabilitation; 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondent’s Submissions (“RS”) at paras 26–33.

and (b) a sentence of probation would not adequately meet the need for
deterrence and retribution. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

RS at paras 34–40.

Issues which arose for determination

24 The two-stage framework for the sentencing of young offenders (see [19]
above) crystallised the two issues which had to be determined on appeal:

(a) The first issue was whether the DJ correctly identified the relevant
sentencing considerations in the present case.

(b) The second issue was whether the DJ selected the appropriate sentence in
view of these sentencing considerations.

Issue 1: Whether the DJ correctly identified the relevant sentencing
considerations

25 I first considered whether the DJ correctly identified the relevant
sentencing considerations in the present case. As noted earlier, despite
accepting that rehabilitation remained the primary sentencing consideration,
the DJ also regarded deterrence and retribution as relevant sentencing
considerations.

26 Preliminarily, I observed that the Appellant was only challenging the
relevance of retribution as a sentencing consideration. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AS at para 5a.

He accepted, in other words, that a measure of deterrence was necessary in the
present case. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AS at para 13.

This position was somewhat odd because the DJ justified the need for
deterrence and retribution by reference to the same factors. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

GD at [39].

Indeed, in my view, the DJ was entitled to do so. Although deterrence and
retribution are conceptually distinct sentencing considerations (see eg,
Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [18]–[34]), certain
factors may simultaneously trigger the application of both, at least in so far
as young offenders are concerned. In Boaz Koh, the High Court stated at [30]
that:

… The focus on rehabilitation can be diminished or even eclipsed by such
considerations as deterrence or retribution where the circumstances warrant.
Broadly speaking, this happens in cases where (a) the offence is serious, (b)
the harm caused is severe, (c) the offender is hardened and recalcitrant, or
(d) the conditions do not exist to make rehabilitative sentencing options such
as probation or reformative training viable.

[emphasis added]

27 The DJ therefore did not err in identifying retribution as a relevant
sentencing consideration. To the contrary, the factors highlighted by the DJ –
namely, (a) the seriousness of the offences; (b) the central role played by
the Appellant in orchestrating the assault and humiliating the Victim; and (c)
the serious harm caused to the Victim – were factors capable of justifying the
need both for deterrence and retribution.

The seriousness of the offences

28 To begin with, I agreed with the DJ that the offences were serious.

29 The offence of rioting with a deadly weapon under s 148 PC was an extremely
serious offence, as reflected in the prescribed punishment of mandatory
imprisonment of up to ten years along with the possibility of caning. As the
Prosecution pointed out, the offence under s 148 PC constituted the most
aggravated form of unlawful assembly offences. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

RS at para 28.

30 The offence of voyeurism under s 377BB(4) was also sufficiently serious, as
reflected in the prescribed punishment of up to two years’ imprisonment, a
fine, caning, or any combination of these punishments. Moreover, in Nicholas
Tan Siew Chye v Public Prosecutor [2023] SGHC 35 (“Nicholas Tan”), a three-
judge panel of the High Court observed that such offences offend the
sensibilities of the general public and trigger unease, often inflict
significant emotional harm on their victims, and generally involve a degree of
furtiveness, planning and premeditation (Nicholas Tan at [43]–[46]).

The Appellant’s central role in the offences

31 Next, I agreed with the DJ that the Appellant played a central role in
orchestrating the assault on and humiliating the Victim. I accepted the
Prosecution’s submission that the Appellant was the most culpable member of
the group. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

RS at para 32.

The Appellant’s contrary submission – that his level of culpability was equal
to that of the co-accused persons 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AS at para 17.

– was unsustainable on the facts.

32 First, the Appellant was responsible for organising the attack by
instructing Veeranaarth to obtain and provide him with the Victim’s location.

33 Second, the Appellant alone wielded a deadly weapon in the attack, which he
used to threaten and slash the Victim. This explained why he was charged under
s 148 PC. Meanwhile, according to the Prosecution, Satish, Veeranaarth and AAA
were charged with the less serious offence of rioting simpliciter under s 147
PC. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ROA at p 57 (12 August 2022 Transcript at p 2 lines 9–12).

34 Third, the Appellant played a leading role in humiliating the Victim by
recording a video of him naked and forcing him to kiss his shoe. The Appellant
alleged that the co-accused persons “motivate[d]” him to record the video. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AS at para 17.

Apart from the lack of evidence in the Statement of Facts to support his
claim, it was ultimately the Appellant alone who filmed the video, thereby
committing an offence under s 377BB(4) PC. Moreover, the Appellant’s
culpability in committing the offence was substantial:

(a) He had actual knowledge, rather than mere reason to believe, that the
Victim did not consent to be so observed (see Nicholas Tan at [76(a)] and
[77]).

(b) His motive in filming the video was maliciously to humiliate the Victim
(see Nicholas Tan at [76(g)] and [80]). This explained why he instructed the
Victim to dance while the video was being filmed. Indeed, the present case was
specifically described by the High Court in Nicholas Tan as “one instance in
which the s 377BB(4) PC offence was committed out of malice” (at [80]).

35 Fourth, the Appellant threatened that he would leak the video on social
media if the Victim were to lodge a police report over the incident. This was
the subject of the charge under s 506 PC which was taken into consideration.

The serious harm caused to the Victim

36 Finally, I agreed with the DJ that the Appellant caused serious harm to the
Victim.

37 The attack caused significant physical harm to the Victim. The Victim’s
injuries included two fractures to his face (left maxillary sinus and left
orbital fractures), which was a vulnerable part of the Victim’s body, as well
as laceration wounds to his right forearm.

38 The filming of the video also caused serious harm to the Victim:

(a) It constituted a significant invasion of the Victim’s privacy (see
Nicholas Tan at [65(a) and [67]–[72]). The Appellant not only directly
observed but filmed the Victim’s naked genitals and, in the process, also
allowed the co-accused persons to observe the same. It also appeared, from his
threat to leak the video, that he not only retained the video subsequent to
the offence but did so for the express purpose of using it to blackmail the
Victim in the future.

(b) The offence also involved a serious violation of the Victim’s bodily
integrity (see Nicholas Tan at [65(b)] and [73]). In forcibly removing the
Victim’s clothes, the Appellant would have made prolonged physical contact
with the Victim.

(c) The Victim would have been aware of the offending conduct throughout and
suffered humiliation as a result (see Nicholas Tan at [65(c)] and [74]–[75]).

The Appellant’s lack of antecedents

39 The only factor in the Appellant’s favour was that he was a first-time
offender. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AS at para 12.

However, when weighed against the factors outlined above, I considered that
this was insufficient, on its own, to extinguish the need for deterrence and
retribution.

40 In summary, I found no basis to interfere with the DJ’s findings as to the
relevant sentencing considerations. While rehabilitation remained the primary
sentencing consideration, deterrence and retribution were also warranted in
view of: (a) the seriousness of the offences; (b) the central role played by
the Appellant in orchestrating the assault and humiliating the Victim; and (c)
the serious harm caused to the Victim.

Issue 2: Whether the DJ selected the appropriate sentence in view of the
relevant sentencing considerations

41 I next considered whether the sentence imposed by the DJ was appropriate in
view of the relevant sentencing considerations.

42 The Appellant submitted that a sentence of probation was appropriate
because it would adequately meet any need for deterrence and retribution 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AS at paras 5(b) and 13–14.

while affording him an opportunity to rehabilitate himself. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AS at paras 8 and 18.

I was unable to accept this submission, which not only exaggerated the
deterrent and retributive effects of probation but also ignored the
rehabilitative character of RT.

The minimal deterrent and retributive effects of probation

43 I agreed with the DJ that a sentence of probation would not have adequately
met the need for deterrence and retribution.

44 It is well-established that the deterrent and retributive effects of
probation are minimal. In Boaz Koh, the High Court remarked that “[p]robation
places rehabilitation at the front and centre of the court’s deliberation” (at
[35], referencing Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri [2008] 1
SLR(R) 449 (“Al-Ansari”) at [41]–[43]). Similarly, in Al-Ansari, the High
Court adopted the observation in Eric Stockdale & Keith Devlin, Sentencing
(Waterlow Publishers, 1987) at p 208 that probation is “primarily reformative”
(at [41]) and referred to its deterrent effect as “penumbral at best” and
“relatively modest in nature” (at [55]–[56]). As Mr Riyach correctly observed,
the need for deterrence does not automatically preclude probation as a
sentencing option. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AS at para 13.

However, where – as was the case here – the need for deterrence and
retribution is substantial, a sentence of probation would be inappropriate.

45 The DJ also considered that RT was necessary to impress upon the Appellant
the severity of his offences, especially because the Probation and RT Reports
indicated that he had minimised his role in the offences and externalised
blame. The Appellant took issue with this finding, claiming that he was “truly
remorseful for [his actions]” and was “not trying to absolve himself of any
blame”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AS at para 9.

I disagreed. In my judgment, it was clear that the Appellant consistently
sought to downplay his responsibility for the offences:

(a) According to the RT Report, the Appellant attributed responsibility to his
friends and the Victim, and minimised the seriousness of his actions. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ROA at pp 96-97 (RT Report at p 7–8).

To illustrate, the Appellant claimed that he was “forced” to take the video of
the Victim by his friends, who kept asking him to do so. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ROA at p 97 (RT Report at p 8).

He also blamed the Victim for scolding and pushing him, and described his
slash to the Victim’s forearm as a “small slash”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ROA at p 97 (RT Report at p 8).

In addition, the Appellant presented an account which was not fully consistent
with the Statement of Facts. He denied, for example, that he had removed the
Victim’s clothes. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ROA at pp 94 and 97 (RT Report at pp 5 and 8).

(b) According to the Probation Report, the Appellant minimised his role in the
offences and externalised blame, indicating a lack of readiness to take
responsibility for his actions. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ROA at p 104 (Probation Report at p 4).

To illustrate, the Appellant again claimed that his friends had asked him to
record the video of the Victim. In fairness, the Appellant also said that he
“[f]elt stupid for committing the offence” and accepted that the Victim “did
not deserve it”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ROA at p 109 (Probation Report at p 9).

However, the overall impression conveyed by the Probation Report was that the
Appellant remained unprepared to accept full responsibility for his actions.

(c) In the proceedings below, Mr Riyach had asserted, on the Appellant’s
instructions, that the Victim was facing rape charges and that the offences
were committed against the Victim because the Appellant “understood what kind
of person this fellow was”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ROA at p 64 (12 August 2022 Transcript at p 9 lines 18–22).

(d) In Mr Riyach’s written submissions on appeal, the Appellant maintained
that the offences stemmed from “legitimate anger”, although, in fairness, he
conceded that they also resulted from his failure to exercise consequential
thinking. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AS at para 15.

46 I therefore agreed with the DJ that a sentence of probation would not have
adequately met the need for deterrence and retribution. Nor would it have
sufficiently impressed upon the Appellant the severity of his offences.

The rehabilitative character of reformative training

47 The Appellant emphasised the primacy of rehabilitation as a sentencing
consideration 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AS at para 4.

as well as his good rehabilitative prospects. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AS at paras 15–16.

However, this submission did not take him very far because RT, like probation,
is rehabilitative in its objective and character. As the High Court remarked
in Boaz Koh at [36]:

While it is clear that probation is conducive to rehabilitation, I emphasise
that it is not the only sentencing option for a youthful offender where
rehabilitation remains the dominant sentencing consideration. Reformative
training too is geared towards the rehabilitation of the offender …

48 Indeed, RT is now regarded as the preferred sentencing option where – as
was the case here – rehabilitation remains the primary sentencing
consideration, but a degree of deterrence and retribution is also required.
The High Court acknowledged this in Al-Ansari at [58] and [65]:

58 … As such, it is my view that the sentencing option of reformative training
provides the courts with a middle ground that broadly encapsulates the twin
principles of rehabilitation and deterrence in relation to young offenders.

…

65 Apart from probation orders, reformative training functions equally well to
advance the dominant principle of rehabilitation, and may even represent a
better balance between the need for rehabilitation and deterrence. ...

49 Moreover, in the present case, there was reason to believe that RT’s
structured and regimented environment would prove beneficial to the
Appellant’s rehabilitation. According to the Probation Report, the Appellant
committed several breaches of his time restriction and forfeited appointments
with his Probation Officer on multiple occasions. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

ROA at p 110 (Probation Report at p 10).

In addition, despite the Appellant’s claim that his family support was good,
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AS at para 15.

there was evidence to suggest that his father was unable to control him. As
the Prosecution observed, the offences were committed in violation of a
12.00am curfew which the Appellant’s father had imposed on him since 2014. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

ROA at p 105 (Probation Report at p 5).

The Appellant had lied to his father that he was still working at the time of
the offences. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ROA at p 109 (Probation Report at p 9).

50 Thus, I agreed with the DJ that RT (with a minimum detention period of 12
months) was the appropriate sentence which best addressed the sentencing
considerations of rehabilitation, deterrence, and retribution.

The principle of parity

51 Finally, I considered the Appellant’s submission that, as two of the co-
accused persons were sentenced to probation, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AS at para 17.

the principle of parity required a sentence of probation to have been
similarly meted out in his case.

52 I rejected this submission. The principle of parity does not prohibit a
sentencing court from differentiating between co-accused persons where “there
is a relevant difference in their responsibility for the offence or their
personal circumstances” (see Public Prosecutor v Ramlee and another action
[1998] 3 SLR(R) 95 at [7]). In the present case, there were indeed multiple
relevant differences between the Appellant’s level of responsibility for the
offences and that of the co-accused persons (see [31]–[35] above). First, the
Appellant had committed a more serious offence of rioting with a deadly weapon
under s 148 PC instead of rioting simpliciter under s 147 PC. Second, he had
committed an additional offence under s 377BB(4) PC, and had consented to a
third charge under s 506 PC being taken into consideration. Third, the overall
role played by the Appellant was far more central than that of the other co-
accused persons. In the circumstances, an enhanced sentence against the
Appellant was not inconsistent with the principle of parity.

Conclusion

53 For these reasons, I dismissed the appeal against sentence.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Muhammed Riyach Bin Hussain Omar (H C Law Practice) for the appellant;

Derek Ee (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 02 Aug 2023 (10:22 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

