Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 108

Originating Application No 18 of 2023

Between

| Kua Swee Lin  
---|---  
|  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Ho Kim Yan  
---|---  
(2)| Kua Swee Hor  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Trusts — Constructive trusts]

[Trusts — Resulting trusts]

[Gifts — Presumptions against — Resulting trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kua Swee Lin

  
v

  

Ho Kim Yan and another

[2023] SGHC 108

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application 18 of 2023  
Hri Kumar Nair J  
2, 13 March 2023

25 April 2023 Judgment reserved.

Hri Kumar Nair J:

Introduction

1 Mr Kua Oh Kim (“Mr Kua”) and his wife, Mdm Ng Bee Ngoah (“Mdm Ng”) migrated
to Singapore from China many years ago. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 10; Hoon’s First Affidavit
dated 31 January 2023 at para 9.

Their lives embodied the traditions, values and success of our pioneer
generation. They became Singapore citizens, started a small business, bought a
Housing Development Board (“HDB”) flat and raised five children. Mr Kua passed
away in 2012 and Mdm Ng sadly now suffers from dementia. Unfortunately, their
children are embroiled in a dispute with their daughter-in-law over the
ownership of assets which the children say rightly belong to Mdm Ng.

2 Mr Kua Swee Lin (“Lin”), acting as deputy for his mother, Mdm Ng, seeks,
inter alia, declarations that the respondents, his brother Mr Kua Swee Hor
(“Hor”) and Hor’s ex-wife, Ms Ho Kim Yan (“Ho”), hold on trust for Mdm Ng (a)
Blk 99 Bedok North Avenue 4 #21-1906, Singapore 460099 (the “Flat"); and (b)
50% of the net proceeds, amounting to a sum of $237,822.74 (the “GMP
Proceeds”), from the sale of 6001 Beach Road #02-54 Golden Mile Tower,
Singapore 199589 (the “GMP”).

3 The Flat is currently in the names of Hor and Ho as joint tenants. In 1978,
the Flat was acquired in Mr Kua’s sole name. In 2004, he included Hor’s name
as a joint tenant. A year after Mr Kua passed away in 2012, Hor included Ho as
a joint tenant.

4 Hor acquired the GMP together with his friend, Mr Gu Pei Hua (“Gu”), on 5
November 2013. In August 2022, Hor sold his half share in the GMP to Gu and
the GMP Proceeds are currently held by Hor’s solicitors in the conveyance.

5 Lin and Hor maintain that the Flat is held by Hor and Ho on a resulting or
constructive trust for Mdm Ng. Ho denies the said trust. It is her case that
Mr Kua had gifted the Flat to Hor, and Hor had thereafter gifted it to her.
She has filed a counterclaim for an order that Hor buys her share in the Flat.
Lin and Hor also claim that Mdm Ng had largely funded the purchase of Hor’s
share in the GMP on the understanding that Hor would hold that share, and the
proceeds of its sale, on trust for Mdm Ng. Ho similarly denies that trust –
she claims that the GMP Proceeds belong to Hor absolutely and are matrimonial
property that should be dealt with in their ongoing matrimonial proceedings.
Ho claims that Lin, Hor and their siblings have contrived both trusts to
deprive her of her rightful share in these assets now that her marriage with
Hor has broken down.

6 I dismiss all the parties’ claims with respect to the Flat, and Lin and
Hor’s claims of a trust over the GMP Proceeds.

The parties

7 Mdm Ng and Mr Kua had five children, who are, from the eldest to the
youngest: Ms Kua Swee Hoon (“Hoon”), Lin, Mr Kua Swee Leong (“Leong”), Ms Kua
Swee Hong (“Hong”) and Hor (collectively but excluding Leong, the “Children”).
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Leong is estranged from the family and does not feature in this dispute.

8 Ho and Hor married in 1996. They have three children. Ho initiated divorce
proceedings in May 2021 and interim judgment was granted on 9 November 2021.

Background to the dispute

9 As part of the divorce proceedings, Ho filed a Proposed Matrimonial Property
Plan, in which she claimed a half share of the Flat and proposed that Hor
purchase her share of the Flat.

10 In relation to the GMP, Hor provided information on it in his first
Affidavit of Assets and Means (“AOM”). It appears that Ho was unaware of Hor’s
(half) ownership of the GMP prior to this filing.

11 The other Children only discovered that Hor had included Ho’s name in the
Flat after she made a claim over it in the matrimonial proceedings. They took
(and still take) the position that Mdm Ng is the true owner of the Flat and a
half share of the GMP. Since Mdm Ng has dementia, Lin applied under the Mental
Capacity Act 2008 (2020 Rev Ed) to be appointed to make decisions on behalf of
Mdm Ng (the “Mental Capacity Act Application”). On 20 October 2022, Lin
obtained an order of court (FC/ORC 5050/2022) appointing him as Mdm Ng’s
deputy.

12 Lin thereafter commenced this action.

Issues to be determined

13 The core issues in relation to the Flat are whether Hor intended to gift a
share of the Flat to Ho in 2013, and relatedly, whether Mr Kua had intended to
gift a share of the Flat to Hor in 2004.

14 The key factual issue in relation to the GMP is whether Mdm Ng contributed
$100,000 to the purchase price of the GMP. If she did not, no trust arises in
her favour over the GMP.

15 I first deal with two preliminary issues raised by Ho.

Preliminary issue: Whether the application constitutes an abuse of process

16 Ho invites me to strike out this application on the basis that it is an
abuse of process. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 25.

It is Ho’s case is that Hor and Lin deliberately delayed filing this
application to drag out the matrimonial proceedings, deny her relief and
exhaust her financially. Ho points out that Hor had known, at the very latest,
by January 2022 that his assertion of Mdm Ng’s interest in the Flat would be
disputed, but delayed taking legal action, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 20.

shirked a deadline imposed by the Family Justice Courts (“FJC”) in the divorce
proceedings, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 21.

and, working together with Lin, filed the Mental Capacity Act Application and
thereafter this application only at the eleventh hour. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 22.

17 The court in Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and
others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 explained the term “abuse of process” at [22]:

The term, “abuse of the process of the Court”, … includes considerations of
public policy and the interests of justice. This term signifies that the
process of the court must be used bona fide and properly and must not be
abused. The court will prevent the improper use of its machinery. It will
prevent the judicial process from being used as a means of vexation and
oppression in the process of litigation. The categories of conduct rendering a
claim frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process are not closed and will
depend on all the relevant circumstances of the case…

[emphasis added]

18 The threshold for the court to find that there has been an abuse of process
is high; the facts must disclose a plain and obvious case of abuse of process
– see TMT Asia Ltd v BHP Billiton Marketing AG (Singapore Branch) and another
[2019] 2 SLR 710 at [25] and Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and another v
Empire Capital Resources Pte Ltd and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 77 at [94].

19 I decline to strike out the application. While it could arguably have been
brought sooner, the evidence does not come close to meeting the threshold for
establishing abuse.

20 First, the chronology of events does not show any egregious delay. After
Hor had in the matrimonial proceedings raised the possibility of commencing a
separate action concerning the Flat, the FJC directed that the matrimonial
proceedings should proceed, except on ancillary matters, which should not
proceed until after the action concerning the Flat was dealt with. The FJC
later directed that Hor inform Ho of the status of the separate action by 7
July 2022. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ho’s First Affidavit dated 2 February 2023 at para 18 and p 141 (notes of
evidence of a case conference in FC/D 2371/2021 on 23 June 2022 at p 3).

Arrangements had earlier been made for Mdm Ng to be assessed by a doctor, and
a medical report (the “Medical Report”) was issued in June 2022. At a case
conference in the matrimonial proceedings on 28 July 2022, the FJC gave
directions for discovery and interrogatories. In September 2022, after
receiving the Medical Report, Lin filed the Mental Capacity Act Application in
anticipation of this application. The Mental Capacity Act Application was
allowed on 20 October 2022. This application was then filed on 10 January
2023.

21 It does not appear that there was significant delay in the commencement of
either the Mental Capacity Act Application or this application. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at paras 20–23.

I accept Lin and Hor’s explanation, through their respective counsel, that
they needed time to get the necessary evidence and resolve certain issues
between the Children. The first AOM was filed on 17 January 2022 and
thereafter, there were several case conferences. Hor’s counsel informed the
other Children that he could not act for them. Lin’s counsel disclosed at the
hearing that there had been some uncertainty amongst the Children (other than
Hor) as to who should be appointed as Mdm Ng's deputy and concerns about
costs. These caused some delay. Hoon, Hong and Lin had also filed statutory
declarations, hoping that these would be sufficient to persuade Ho to drop her
claims on the Flat and the GMP. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 26.

When that failed, Lin’s solicitors were instructed in June 2022 to file the
Mental Capacity Act Application. The Medical Report was also only issued in
June 2022 (according to Lin’s counsel at the hearing). Lin’s solicitors then
worked with the doctor on his affidavit and filed the Mental Capacity Act
Application in September 2022 (FC/OSM 321/2022). Significantly, Lin asked for
an urgent hearing date for the application and obtained the necessary order at
the first hearing on 20 October 2022. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at p 9 (order of court in respect
of the Mental Capacity Act Application).

22 Furthermore, this application did not appear to have caused serious delay
to the matrimonial proceedings: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 24.

Ho’s counsel accepted that the FJC had proceeded with discovery and
interrogatories in the matrimonial proceedings while the Mental Capacity Act
Application and this application were being prepared and dealt with. I also
accept that Lin’s counsel had not been aware of the timelines in the
matrimonial proceedings, including the deadline for Ho and Hor to file their
second AOMs; it follows that the fact that this application was filed just
before the parties were due to file and exchange their second AOMs 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ho’s First Affidavit dated 2 February 2023 at para 34; Ho’s Written
Submissions at para 24.

in the matrimonial proceedings was not likely a calculated decision to delay
matters.

23 Second, Ho does not explain why it would be in Hor’s interests to drag out
the matrimonial proceedings. It would be in both Ho and Hor’s interests for
the matrimonial dispute to be resolved as soon as possible. Further, as far as
Hor was concerned, he was prepared for the dispute over the Flat to be dealt
with under the matrimonial proceedings. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 20.

However, the dispute involved third parties who were not under the
jurisdiction of the FJC or his control.

24 Third, if Ho was anxious to resolve the dispute over the Flat and the GMP
as soon as possible, it was open to her to have commenced proceedings to
obtain the necessary declarations. Ho’s counsel argued that it did not make
sense for Ho to initiate proceedings as she had the “default legal position”
and sought merely to maintain the status quo. But Ho is not merely seeking to
preserve the default position: she wants an order for the Flat to be sold,
which she is seeking in this application via her counterclaim. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ho’s First Affidavit dated 2 February 2023 at para 54.

25 Ho’s counsel argued at the hearing that if this application had not been
taken out, Ho would not have filed her counterclaim and would have instead
argued that the Flat constitutes matrimonial property which could be dealt
with in the matrimonial proceedings. Indeed, Ho initially took contradictory
positions: she argued in this application that the Flat is not matrimonial
property, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at paras 55 and 56.

while also reserving her right to argue the contrary in the matrimonial
proceedings. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ho’s First Affidavit dated 2 February 2023 at para 55.

Ho’s counsel explained at the hearing that Ho sought to rely on “alternative
cases on the same facts”. But that was also not the case, as Ho’s Counsel also
reserved the right to rely on additional facts in the matrimonial proceedings
to argue that the Flat is matrimonial property. This is not permissible.
Whether the Flat is matrimonial property is a mixed question of fact and law
on which Ho cannot take inconsistent or different factual positions. Ho
effectively conceded this at the hearing by withdrawing her claim that the
Flat is matrimonial property. In the circumstances, she could have initiated
these proceedings herself.

26 Fourth, if Ho believed that Hor was deliberately delaying matters, she
could have sought the necessary orders against him in the matrimonial
proceedings. There is no evidence that Ho had done so.

27 In the circumstances, the facts do not support a finding of an abuse of
process, and certainly do not warrant dismissing this application summarily. I
disagree with Ho’s submission that this action was commenced for the
collateral purpose of oppressing her and subjecting her to a battle of
attrition. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at paras 23 and 25.

Preliminary issue: whether only undisputed facts should be considered

28 The application was filed via an originating application and none of the
parties applied for cross-examination. Ho submits that, in the circumstances,
I must decide the issues on only the undisputed facts, and should disregard
any evidence which another party disputes or does not accept. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 26.

In particular, Ho urges me to disregard evidence of discussions between the
Kua family members in relation to the Flat and the GMP which she does not
accept took place or the terms of any agreement or understanding reached as a
result of those discussions.

29 I do not accept that submission. In my view, the critical issue is whether
the party bearing the burden of proof on an issue has discharged that burden.
Generally speaking, where parties have narrated different accounts and there
is limited or no documentary or corroborative evidence, the dispute(s) can
usually only be resolved with cross-examination. However, where the party with
the legal burden has adduced sufficient evidence such that the evidential
burden has shifted to the other party, the failure of the latter to adduce
contrary evidence or to undermine the former’s evidence via cross-examination
may result in the former successfully discharging its legal burden of proof.

30 In Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith & Associates Far East Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R)
855, the Court of Appeal held at [60] that:

… at the start of the plaintiff’s case, the legal burden of proving the
existence of any relevant fact that the plaintiff must prove and the
evidential burden of adducing some (not inherently incredible) evidence of the
existence of such fact coincide. Upon adduction of that evidence, the
evidential burden shifts to the defendant, as the case may be, to adduce some
evidence in rebuttal. If no evidence in rebuttal is adduced, the court may
conclude from the evidence of the plaintiff that the legal burden is also
discharged and making a finding on the fact against the defendant. If, on the
other hand, evidence in rebuttal is adduced, the evidential burden shifts back
to the plaintiff. If, ultimately, the evidential burden comes to rest on the
defendant, the legal burden of proof of that relevant fact would have been
discharged by the plaintiff.

31 The Court of Appeal in Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA
(trading as Rabobank International), Singapore Branch v Motorola Electronics
Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 63 similarly recognised at [30] that ss 103 and 105 of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) place the burden of proving a fact on
the party who asserts the existence of any fact in issue or relevant fact; the
burden may then shift to the other party to contradict, weaken or explain away
the evidence led.

32 Registrar of Vehicles v Komoco Motors Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 340 at [38]
(“Registrar of Vehicles”) provides an illustration of this principle, and the
relevant part is reproduced below:

Having considered the Registrar’s Affidavit, we were of the view that the
Judge was wrong not to believe that the Registrar had genuinely considered
Komoco’s representations for two reasons. First, the Registrar had given sworn
evidence as to the matters which she had considered in deciding to reject
Komoco’s representations; if Komoco did not accept her sworn evidence, it
should have applied to cross-examine her. In the absence of cross-examination,
the only justification for not believing a sworn statement, especially one
from a state official performing an administrative function, is if documentary
or other oral evidence is adduced to disprove it. As there was no such proof
to the contrary in the present case, there was no basis in law to reject the
Registrar’s evidence on oath as to the actions which she took after the March
2006 Meeting and the factors which she considered in arriving at her decision
of 18 May 2006…

[emphasis added]

33 In the circumstances, if Lin and Hor adduce sufficient evidence of
discussions between the Kua family members where certain understandings and/or
arrangements were reached, and Ho is unable to offer contrary evidence and
does not apply to cross-examine them, then Lin and Hor would have discharged
their burden of proving those understandings and/or arrangements. It is
insufficient for Ho to simply assert that she does not accept or believe their
evidence.

34 Having said that, I accept that the interests of Lin, Hor and the other
Children are aligned and they may have an incentive to tailor their evidence.
But that goes to my assessment of whether they have discharged their
evidential burden in the first place; it does not follow that I should dismiss
their evidence entirely and accept only the undisputed facts.

35 I now turn to the main issues in the application.

The Flat

36 In 1968, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 14 and p 33 at para 2
(Hoon’s statutory declaration dated 17 January 2021).

Mdm Ng and Mr Kua ran a provision shop in Killiney (the “Business”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Hoon’s First Affidavit dated 31 January 2023 at para 12; Hor’s First Affidavit
dated 1 February 2023 at para 14.

They raised the Children in the unit above the provision shop (the “Killiney
Property”) 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Hoon’s First Affidavit dated 31 January 2023 at para 12; Hor’s First Affidavit
dated 1 February 2023 at para 14.

and later, a shophouse in Bedok. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Hoon’s First Affidavit dated 31 January 2023 at para 13; Hor’s First Affidavit
dated 1 February 2023 at para 14.

In 1978, Mr Kua purchased the Flat 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at p 15 (lease document in respect
of the Flat).

for $30,000 in his sole name. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at para 11; Hoon’s First Affidavit
dated 31 January 2023 at para 14; Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023
at p 14 (lease document in respect of the Flat).

However, the family continued to live in the shophouse in Bedok 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 15; Hoon’s First Affidavit
dated 31 January 2023 at para 16.

out of convenience as the provision shop was on the lower floor of the unit
they lived in. In 1989, Mr Kua retired and sold the Business to Lin, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at paras 15 and 17.

who was then about 31 years old. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at p 33 at para 2 (Hoon’s
statutory declaration dated 17 January 2021).

Mr Kua, Mdm Ng and Hor then moved into the Flat. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 17.

Prior to this, between 1978 and 1989, Lin and Leong occupied the Flat for some
time. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Hoon’s First Affidavit dated 31 January 2023 at paras 18–22; Hor’s First
Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 16.

Neither Hoon nor Hong lived in the Flat – Hoon and Hong moved out of the
shophouse in Bedok in 1978 and 1984 respectively, after they got married. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Hoon’s First Affidavit dated 31 January 2023 at paras 16, 17 and 19. Hoon
moved back into the shophouse in Bedok with her husband and daughter for some
time between 1984 and 1985.

37 Hor married Ho in 1996, and the couple lived in the Flat for about three
years. They purchased a condominium unit and moved there in 1999. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 18.

They did not thereafter reside in the Flat again. After Ho and Hor moved out,
only Mdm Ng and Mr Kua lived in the Flat.

38 In 2003, Mr Kua became unwell and told Hor that he wanted to include his
name in the Flat. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 19.

On 30 March 2004, Mr Kua added Hor as a joint tenant of the Flat. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at para 11; Lin’s First Affidavit
dated 6 January 2023 at p 18 (lease document in respect of the Flat); Hor’s
First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 20.

39 On 4 October 2012, Mr Kua passed away. Mdm Ng continued to live in the Flat
together with a domestic helper. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at para 23; Hor’s First Affidavit
dated 1 February 2023 at paras 5 and 10.

40 On 10 December 2013, Hor lodged a Notice of Death in respect of Mr Kua 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at p 18 (lease document in respect
of the Flat).

and added Ho as a joint tenant of the Flat. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 27; Lin’s First Affidavit
dated 6 January 2023 at p 18 (lease document in respect of the Flat).

Hor did not inform the other Children he had done so; 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at para 13; Hoon’s First Affidavit
dated 31 January 2023 at para 29.

nor did Ho ever mention her ownership of the Flat to the others.

The parties’ cases

Lin’s case

41 Lin claims that the Flat is held by Hor and Ho on trust for “[Mdm Ng]
and/or [the Children]”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Lin’s Written Submissions at para 2.

42 Lin argues that there was a common intention that the Children would
acquire a beneficial interest in the Flat after Mdm Ng passed. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Lin’s Written Submissions at para 25.

Lin contends that Mr Kua did not intend to solely benefit Hor 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Lin’s Written Submissions at paras 28–31 and 40.

and Mr Kua’s conduct reflected that someone else held the beneficial interest
in the Flat. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Lin’s Written Submissions at paras 32 and 33.

At the hearing, Lin’s counsel took a different position and argued that after
Mr Kua added Hor as a co-owner of the Flat, Hor held the Flat on trust for Mdm
Ng, and not the Children.

43 Lin argues that, in any case, Ho does not have a beneficial interest in the
Flat since Hor did not intend to gift the Flat to Ho; this can be seen from
the facts that (a) Hor and Ho were always aware that Mr Kua and Mdm Ng had
occupied the Flat for the most part of their lives; (b) Mdm Ng’s dementia
meant that she needs familiarity; and (c) since the Flat was Mr Kua’s main
asset, it is not for Ho to deny the Children’s rightful claim to the Flat on
account of Hor having failed to inform her, expressly or impliedly, that the
property is beneficially owned by Mdm Ng. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Lin’s Written Submissions at paras 43 and 44.

Hor’s case

44 Hor’s position is largely aligned with Lin’s, with some differences. He
maintains that he holds the Flat for the benefit of only Mdm Ng. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Hor’s Further Written Submissions at para 21.

He relies on the lack of donative intent on Mr Kua’s part as evidenced from
the facts that: (a) Mr Kua and Mdm Ng stayed in the Flat as if it were their
own; 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 66.

(b) Mr Kua was the patriarch and provided reasons for including Hor’s name as
a joint tenant instead of Mdm Ng, which included (i) his traditional belief
that women had no right to hold property; 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 67.

and (ii) that Mdm Ng was illiterate and would not be able to deal with the tax
and legal issues concerning the Flat after Mr Kua’s passing; 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 68; Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February
2023 at para 19.

(c) the Flat was Mr Kua’s greatest asset and it was unlikely he intended to
benefit Hor solely; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 70.

and (d) the Children, including Hor, did not consider that the Flat belonged
to Hor. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 39.

Hor further argues that there is a presumption, arising from Mr Kua’s
gratuitous transfer of the half share of the flat to Hor, that Hor holds the
Flat on a resulting trust for the benefit of Mr Kua. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 81.

Hor then argues that Mr Kua’s intention was always to benefit Mdm Ng, and,
after her passing, the Children. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 89.

Hor also highlights that, had Mdm Ng and Mr Kua undergone a divorce, Mdm Ng
would almost certainly have been found to have a beneficial interest in the
Flat. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 96.

Hor later revised his position to state that, immediately after Hor was added
as a co-owner of the Flat, the Flat was held by Hor on trust for both Mr Kua
and Ng, since the funds used to purchase the Flat must have come from Mr Kua
and Mdm Ng’s combined funds; thus, after Mr Kua’s passing, Hor holds the Flat
on trust for Mdm Ng. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Hor’s Further Written Submissions at para 21.

45 Finally, Hor argues that he included Ho’s name after a discussion between
him and Mdm Ng – Hor thought it prudent to include Ho’s name so that, should
anything befall him, Ho could handle the legal matters pertaining to the Flat.
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 41.

The fact that Ho does not have a beneficial interest in the Flat is evident
from the following facts: (a) Hor and Ho did not stay in the Flat even after
Ho had been added as a co-owner; 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 42.

(b) the Children rented out a room in the Flat without consulting Ho; 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 42.

(c) Hor had no beneficial interest in the Flat to be given to Ho; 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 52.

and (d) in circumstances where there is no evidence of Hor’s intention behind
adding Ho’s name to the Flat, the court usually attempts to divine the
transferor’s intention and, as such, Ho cannot argue that a mere gratuitous
transfer is necessarily a gift. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 62.

Ho’s case

46 Ho argues that she owns 50% of the Flat. She avers that there is neither a
resulting 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 33; Ho’s Further Written Submissions at para
5(a).

nor constructive trust over the Flat; specifically, there is no constructive
trust over the Flat since there was no express common intention at the time of
the transfer, given that (a) Mdm Ng was excluded from all discussions
regarding the Flat, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 46.

and (b) at the time Ho was made a joint tenant of the Flat, there was no
discussion with Mdm Ng, so there could not have been a common intention shared
between Mdm Ng and the legal owners of the Flat. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 48; Ho’s Further Written Submissions at para
5(b).

There was also no inferred common intention since Mdm Ng did not pay for the
Flat. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at paras 49–51.

47 Ho argues that Hor gifted the Flat to her (a) as is evidenced from the fact
that the HDB lease document in respect of the Flat (the “Lease Document”)
states that she had been added as a joint tenant “BY GIFT”; 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 52.

(b) by operation of the presumption of advancement; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 52.

and (c) because Hor’s act of adding Ho as a joint tenant of the Flat could not
have been for the purposes of protecting Mdm Ng’s interest in the Flat. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 54.

Ho also asserts that Hor never informed her, whether expressly or impliedly,
that the Flat belonged to Mdm Ng. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Ho’s First Affidavit dated 2 February 2023 at para 48.

48 Ho also argues that Mr Kua had gifted the Flat to Hor, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 52; Ho’s Further Written Submissions at para
6.

albeit with a condition that Mdm Ng has a bare licence to stay in the Flat for
as long as she wishes, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Ho’s Further Written Submissions at para 6.

and Hor had thereafter gifted the Flat to her as an inter-spousal re-gift. She
claims that the fact that Mdm Ng possessed a bare licence to stay in the flat
is clear from the following: (a) Mr Kua’s wish for Hor to take care of Mdm Ng
and for Mdm Ng to continue residing in the Flat for as long as she desired was
not expressed to Mdm Ng directly; 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Ho’s Further Written Submissions at para 12.

and (b) such permission was not supported by any consideration or deed so Mdm
Ng did not possess a contractual licence. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Ho’s Further Written Submissions at para 12.

Ho argues that Mdm Ng does not have an equitable licence to reside in the Flat
because neither the transfer of the Flat from Mr Kua to Hor, nor Hor’s
addition of Ho as a joint tenant, affected Hor’s conscience. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Ho’s Further Written Submissions at para 21.

The law on resulting trusts

49 As stated above, Ho relies largely on the terms of the Lease Document,
which expressly states that the addition of Ho as a joint tenant was done via
a gift from Hor to Ho. Ho also relies on the presumption of advancement to
rebut any resulting trust that may arise in Hor’s favour. This question forms
the crux of the dispute, and I deal with it first. But there is more: a
finding that Hor had gifted a share of the Flat to Ho is predicated on Hor
being the absolute owner of the Flat on 10 December 2013. I deal with this
issue second.

50 The parties cited several authorities – I found two of particular
relevance: Lim Choo Hin v Lim Sai Ing Peggy [2022] 1 SLR 873 (“Lim Choo Hin”)
and Low Yin Ni and another v Tay Yuan Wei Jaycie (formerly known as Tay Yeng
Choo Jessy) and another [2020] SGCA 58 (“Low Yin Ni”). I summarise them below.

51 In Lim Choo Hin, a father had added his daughter (the “Respondent
Daughter”) as a joint tenant to a flat of which he was previously the sole
owner. After the father died, by operation of the right of survivorship, the
Respondent Daughter became the sole owner of the flat. The father’s executrix,
one of his other daughters, brought an application for a declaration that the
Respondent Daughter held the flat on trust for the father. The Appellate
Division laid out the following approach:

However, while a gratuitous transfer of property normally gives rise to a
presumption of resulting trust in the transferor’s favour (see Lau Siew Kim v
Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 (“Lau Siew Kim”) at [34]
and [46]), the Court of Appeal in Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR
1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”) made clear (at [52]) that the court is not obliged to
rely on such a presumption if there is ‘direct evidence that may adequately
reveal the intention of the transferor’ [emphasis in original]. As such, a
resulting trust may arise independently of the presumption of resulting trust
as long as it can be shown that the transfer was not intended to benefit the
transferee; and, in a similar vein, a resulting trust may not necessarily
arise even if there was no consideration for the transfer, if it can be shown
that the transfer was indeed intended to benefit the transferee: Lau Siew Kim
at [35]. It is only in the “rather limited and exceptional situation” when the
court is “not able to find any clear intention” or if the evidence is
“inconclusive either way as to what the [transferor’s] real intention might
be” that the court should apply the presumption: see Lim Chen Yeow Kelvin v
Goh Chin Peng [2008] 4 SLR(R) 783 at [116], endorsed in Chan Yuen Lan at [52].

52 The Appellate Division found the High Court judge’s approach of relying on
the title deed of the flat and the transfer document incorrect (Lim Choo Hin
at [11]), and that they are not “conclusive of [the father’s] actual intent or
state of mind as at the time”. Instead, the Appellate Division looked at the
evidence as a whole and concluded that “there were several reasonably cogent
indicia that there was no such positive donative intent on [the father’s]
part”, which included (a) the father’s illiteracy and limited education; (b)
that the father had continued to exercise control over the flat as if he was
its sole owner; and (c) the lack of evidence that the father shared a
particularly close relationship with the Respondent Daughter. The Appellate
Division concluded that the Respondent Daughter held the flat on a resulting
trust for the father’s estate.

53 In Low Yin Ni, a couple purchased a flat as joint tenants in 1999. Their
son married, notwithstanding the couple’s objections to the marriage. Later,
the son and daughter-in-law moved into the flat, were added as joint tenants
in 2011 and contributed to the mortgage. The son and daughter-in-law underwent
a divorce and the daughter-in-law commenced proceedings to determine their
respective beneficial interests in the flat. The High Court judge decided that
the daughter-in-law was entitled to an 8.11% beneficial interest in the flat
by application of a resulting trust, which arose due to her contributions to
its purchase price (Low Yin Ni at [2]). The presumption of advancement
operated in favour of the son, who was thus constituted as a co-owner of the
beneficial interest in the flat in equal shares with the couple; accordingly,
the couple and the son each had a 30.63% beneficial interest (Low Yin Ni at
[2]). The Court of Appeal found that the High Court judge had correctly
rejected the couple’s contention that they did not know about or remember
signing transfer forms (Low Yin Ni at [6]) but had reached an “implausible
ruling” in response to the couple’s argument that they never intended in
effect to gift a half share in the flat to either the son or the daughter-in-
law (Low Yin Ni at [6]). The Court of Appeal pointed out that the High Court
judge ought to have considered the following: (a) the presumption of
advancement in favour of the son at the time he was added as a co-owner, if
any, would have been extremely weak, given that the couple disapproved of the
son’s choice of spouse (Low Yin Ni at [8]); and (b) the couple had faced
persistent difficulties in making payment on the mortgage and it was unlikely
that the couple had realistically contemplated making a gift of a quarter or a
third of their beneficial interest in the flat to the son. Instead, the
primary concern was for the son and daughter-in-law to be added as co-owners
so that they could use moneys in their Central Provident Fund to help pay part
of the mortgage (Low Yin Ni at [9]). The Court of Appeal therefore found that,
absent any evidence that the parties were to hold the beneficial interest in a
proportion different from their respective contributions to the purchase
price, the presumption of resulting trust applied, and each person held a
share of the beneficial interest reflecting their respective financial
contributions to the purchase price of the flat. Thus, the couple jointly held
an 89.45% share of the flat, the son held a 2.44% share and the daughter-in-
law held an 8.11% share (Low Yin Ni at [9]).

Whether Hor intended to give Ho a share of the Flat

54 As held in Lim Choo Hin, it is insufficient to simply look at the transfer
document to ascertain the intention of the transferor. Instead, the totality
of the evidence must be considered (Lim Choo Hin at [8] and [11]). Crucially,
the court there pointed out that the first step is to analyse the evidence of
the intention of the transferor, and it is only if the said evidence is
inconclusive that the presumption of a resulting trust or advancement operates
(as the case may be). I add one more point on the presumption of advancement
specifically: the court in Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another [1999] 1
SLR(R) 533 found at [19] that the presumption of advancement is “not a rule of
substantive law but an evidentiary tool of adjectival law”. Accordingly, the
presumption of advancement, as an evidential tool, should not be used or
allowed to supplant actual evidence as to the intention of the transferor (ie,
Hor), where such evidence is available.

55 I find, based on all the evidence, that Hor had no intention of giving Ho a
half share of the Flat when he included her name in the HDB Lease Document.

56 First, it is Hor’s evidence that after Mr Kua’s death on 4 October 2012, he
was required, under the HDB regulations, to include a family member as a joint
owner of the Flat to form a family nucleus. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 26.

Ho does not challenge this. Hor claims that he had a discussion with Mdm Ng
after Mr Kua’s funeral, and they both agreed that Ho’s name should be added to
the Flat “in the event anything untoward happened to [Hor]”. Ho claims that
this explanation does not make any sense but does not explain that argument;
instead, she merely points to Lin’s statement that he did not understand how
the addition of Ho’s name as a joint tenant of the Flat would protect Mdm Ng.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 54.

57 Given that Hor’s interests are currently aligned with the Children and
against Ho’s, I should be cautious in accepting unverifiable assertions of
discussions between Ho and Mdm Ng. However, there is nothing unreasonable
about Hor’s decision to add Ho’s name to the Flat to protect Mdm Ng:

(a) First, according to Hor, he needed to include a second name to the Flat.
Ho’s counsel argued that Hor should have included Mdm Ng as a co-owner if he
believed he was holding the Flat on trust for her. That does not make sense.
That would defeat Mr Kua’s intention of not saddling Mdm Ng with legal
responsibilities. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 26.

Further, by that time, Mdm Ng was already unwell and it would have been more
difficult for her to deal with such issues. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Lin’s evidence was that Mdm Ng had started showing signs of dementia in 2012
and had been diagnosed with dementia in 2015. Ho accepts (at Ho’s First
Affidavit dated 2 February 2023 at para 20(a)) that Mdm Ng had been diagnosed
with dementia as early as 2012.

Ho’s counsel responded to this by suggesting that a deputy should have been
appointed for Mdm Ng and the name of the deputy added to the Flat. But there
was no reason for Hor to spend time and money to do this. He had no dispute
with Ho at that time and it was not unreasonable for him to believe that Ho
would help take care of matters relating to the Flat. Hor states, reasonably,
that he did not contemplate his marriage would break down eight years later.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 26.

(b) Furthermore, Hor could not include Lin’s name (he being the only other
son) as Lin already owned a HDB flat at the time. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Lin’s Second Affidavit dated 9 March 2023 at para 4(a).

Indeed, of all the Children, only Hoon did not own a HDB flat in 2012 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Lin’s Second Affidavit dated 9 March 2023 at para 4(b) and pp 27 and 28; Lin’s
Further Written Submissions at p 4.

– although the evidence is unclear whether Hor was aware of this. In the
circumstances, Hor could only have included Hoon’s or Ho’s name. It is not
unreasonable for Hor to trust his own wife. There is no evidence that Ho and
the other Children did not get along.

(c) Ho’s counsel argued that the Children did not regard Ho as a family member
and did not trust her and, therefore, Hor’s intention in adding Ho’s name
would not have been to protect Mdm Ng’s interest. But this was not stated in
any affidavit and was certainly not Hor’s position.

58 Second, the Lease Document cannot and does not conclusively reflect,
without more, the intention of the parties. Ho’s argument is that, because the
Lease Document states that the Flat was transferred “TO KUA SWEE HOR AND HO
KIM YAN AS JOINT TENANTS (BY GIFT)” [emphasis added], 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at p 18 (lease document in respect
of the Flat).

therefore Hor intended to gift the Flat to Ho. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 54.

Ho’s submission is precisely what the court in Lim Choo Hin at [11] cautioned
against.

59 Ho’s reliance on the Lease Document is problematic for a second reason. In
the “Flat Information” provided by the HDB concerning the Flat, Ho, Hor and
their children are reflected as the occupiers of the Flat. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at p 22 (information on the HDB
website concerning the Flat under the heading “Flat Owner(s)/ Occupier(s)”).

It appears that this is what Ho and Hor declared to the HDB at the time of the
inclusion of Ho’s name. This declaration was plainly untrue. As stated above,
Ho and Hor only lived in the Flat together with Mr Kua and Mdm Ng for about
two years and three months, from the time they got married in September 1996
to January 1999. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 18.

They have not lived in the Flat since. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 18.

It does not lie in Ho’s mouth to claim that the Lease Document is strictly
true on the issue of ownership, but not in respect of other information
declared to the HDB. Hor and Ho’s form-filling approach to the documentation
of the Flat suggests that they were concerned only with administrative
convenience. Indeed, this is what Hor himself deposed to. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at paras 30 and 80(a).

In contrast, Ho offers no explanation at all for the false declaration. Her
silence is significant.

60 Third, there is no evidence that Hor and Ho discussed the inclusion of Ho’s
name in the Lease Document at all. As stated above, Ho is simply relying on
the terms of the Lease Document (at [47] above). It is not her evidence that
Hor informed her of, or discussed with her, the inclusion of her name in the
Lease Document. Her evidence is limited to the fact that Hor never informed
her, whether expressly or impliedly, that the Flat belonged to Mdm Ng. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Ho’s First Affidavit dated 2 February 2023 at para 48.

Ho’s counsel stated at the hearing that, given that there is no other evidence
as to a discussion between Hor and Ho, then it must be that Ho had understood
that Hor had gifted a share of the Flat to her solely by looking at the Lease
Document. It is also not Hor’s evidence that he had discussed the Flat with Ho
and he merely asserts that Ho had always known that the Flat “in reality
belonged to [Mdm Ng]”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 26.

The evidence therefore suggests that Hor and Ho did not discuss the inclusion
of Ho’s name in the Lease Document. If Hor was giving Ho a half share in not
just a valuable asset, but indeed the Kua family home (which Mdm Ng was still
living in), to the exclusion of the other Children, one would expect them to
have discussed the matter. But nothing was apparently said. Evidently, Ho and
Hor did not consider the inclusion of Ho’s name a significant matter. This
lends further weight to the inference that this was not a true gift but rather
an act done out of administrative convenience.

61 I note that Ho asserts in her affidavit that (a) Mr Kua adding Hor’s name
to the Flat on 30 March 2004; and (b) Hor adding her name to the Flat on 10
December 2013 were instances of the Flat being given as gifts 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Ho’s First Affidavit dated 2 February 2023 at para 50.

and that the “(a)foresaid gifts coincided with [her] understanding for the
reason behind the addition of Hor as joint tenant, and [her] addition as joint
tenant”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Ho’s First Affidavit dated 2 February 2023 at para 50.

However, nothing is said in Ho’s affidavit as to what those reasons were, how
she came to know them and how she arrived at her understanding. As it turned
out, the only evidence her counsel relied on at the hearing was the terms of
the Lease Document.

62 Fourth, Hor and Ho have their own matrimonial home and do not live in, or
need, the Flat. Ho (now) agrees that the Flat is not a matrimonial asset (at
[25] above). In contrast, the Flat has been the Kua family home for the past
34 years, since 1989. Ho did not offer any reason why Hor would give the
family home to her to the exclusion of the other Children. There is no
evidence that Hor and the others were on bad terms; instead, the evidence
suggests that the Children got along prior to Hor’s inclusion of Ho’s name:
(a) they were all contributing to looking after Mdm Ng; 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Hoon’s First Affidavit dated 31 January 2023 at para 29; Hor’s First Affidavit
dated 1 February 2023 at para 22.

(b) Hor met up with the other Children to discuss and collaborate to plan Mdm
Ng’s living situation; 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 25.

and (c) the Children would meet for family dinners. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at para 16; Hoon’s First Affidavit
dated 31 January 2023 at para 35; Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023
at para 36.

63 Fifth, Ho did not contribute to the acquisition or upkeep of the Flat in
any way. At the hearing, Ho’s counsel was only able to point to one act done
by Ho which might be regarded as an assertion of ownership, namely, that she
had purchased furniture for the Flat and relied on Ho’s AOM filed on 12
January 2023 in the matrimonial proceedings. However, it is not clear from the
AOM that the furniture purchased by Ho was for the Flat; the reference to
furniture falls within a section titled “Contributions to the matrimonial
assets”, which includes other such items as the family car and the laptops
used by Hor and Ho’s children, and which likely relate to Ho’s own household
and not the Flat.

64 Sixth, Ho and Hor never asserted, whether by words or conduct, prior to the
divorce, that the Flat was theirs. Indeed, Ho does not appear to have taken
any interest in the Flat at all. Instead, it was the Kua family members who
continued to take care of it and make all arrangements: Mr Kua and Mdm Ng
continued to live there and pay for their expenses while Mr Kua was still
alive, Lin and Hor shared in the expenses of the Flat and care for their
parents, and the sisters contributed moneys sporadically. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 22.

This is also evident from the involvement of the various parties when a room
in the Flat was rented out in 2015. The suggestion to rent out a room was made
by Hoon, 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 29; Hoon’s First Affidavit
dated 31 January 2023 at para 37.

and the rental moneys were deposited into the joint account of Hoon and Hong,
and used to meet Mdm Ng’s expenses. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at para 10; Hor’s First Affidavit
dated 1 February 2023 at para 29; Hoon’s First Affidavit dated 31 January 2023
at para 37.

Ho was not involved in the discussion on this issue, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 29.

or consulted. Ho does not address this at all in her submissions.

65 Ho’s counsel pointed out at the hearing that Hor had paid the property tax
on the Flat and the levy for the domestic helper residing there 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 22.

and had thereby asserted his ownership over the Flat. This does not advance
Ho’s case. Hor would be expected to make these payments as he was the legal
owner of the Flat. Significantly, the other Children were paying other
expenses, such as the expenses of the Flat and the upkeep of Mr Kua and Mdm Ng
and the salary of Mdm Ng’s domestic helper living in the Flat, which Lin paid.
96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 22.

No evidence is adduced, nor is it asserted, that Hor bore a disproportionate
amount. Hor’s payment of the property tax and levy therefore reflects the
Children’s arrangement for sharing Mdm Ng’s expenses and is not evidence of
Hor’s ownership of the Flat. Significantly, it is also not Ho’s case that she
bore any part of the property tax or other expenses of the Flat after her name
was included.

66 The evidence therefore leads to the conclusion that Hor did not intend to
give Ho a share in the Flat. I therefore find that Ho does not have a
beneficial interest in the Flat.

67 There is a further argument: if Hor did not regard the Flat as his, then he
could not have intended to give Ho a share when he included her name in the
Lease Document. Hor states in his affidavit that he does not consider the Flat
to be his 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 21.

and that he is holding it on trust for Mdm Ng. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at paras 24 and 28; Hor’s Further
Written Submissions at para 21.

This is probably a rare instance of a legal owner admitting the existence of a
trust against his interests. Be that has it may, Hor could not have intended
to given Ho a half-share if he did not believe the Flat was his to give. As
stated above, I cannot accept this assertion of Hor’s belief at face value
given his current dispute with Ho. I therefore examine the circumstances under
which Hor’s name came to be included in the Flat to determine, on a balance of
probabilities, whether Hor’s position is supported by the evidence.

Whether Mr Kua intended to give Hor a share of the Flat

Who owned the Flat when it was first purchased?

68 Lin (via his counsel at the hearing) and Hor (at [44] above) argue that Mr
Kua held Mdm Ng’s interest in the Flat on a resulting trust for her as it had
been purchased from funds belonging to both of them. Lin’s counsel clarified
that the purchase of the Flat had been funded from the compensation funds
received from the compulsory acquisition of the Killiney Property and from the
Business which both Mr Kua and Mdm Ng operated. Lin and Hor state that the
Flat was only registered in Mr Kua’s name because he was “a traditional
patriarch” who bought into the “traditional notion that women had no right to
hold property or did not have to hold property in any event because they would
be provided for by their husbands”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 67.

69 I do not find a resulting trust in favour of Mdm Ng. There is no evidence
as to whose name the Killiney Property was held in or who owned the Business.
On Lin and Hor’s own evidence as to Mr Kua’s beliefs and values, Mr Kua would
likely have been the sole owner of the Killiney Property as well as the
Business. While Mdm Ng had assisted him in the Business, it does not mean she
held a share in it. This was the family’s only source of income and it is not
unreasonable that Mdm Ng would assist without any expectation or belief of a
proprietary interest. This is unlike the case of Ong Chai Soon v Ong Chai Koon
and others [2022] SGCA 36 (“Ong Chai Soon”): in Ong Chai Soon, while there was
no evidence of direct contribution by the respondents to the purchase price of
the disputed property, there had been indirect financial contributions by the
family company, of which the respondents were shareholders; accordingly, the
property had been purchased through a mixed fund comprising moneys which
belonged to all the parties. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

See also Ho’s Written Submissions at para 50.

There is no evidence here that Mdm Ng had directly or indirectly contributed
to the acquisition of the Flat. On the contrary, there is evidence that the
Flat was purchased by Mr Kua. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at para 10; Hoon’s First Affidavit
dated 31 January 2023 at para 15.

There is therefore no evidentiary basis to assert a resulting trust in Mdm
Ng’s favour and nothing to dispel Mr Kua’s sole ownership of the Flat. It is
true that Mdm Ng would likely be given an interest in the Flat in matrimonial
proceedings between Mr Kua and Mdm Ng, but the ownership of the Flat in these
proceedings must be determined by property, and not matrimonial, rules.

70 In the circumstances, Mr Kua owned the Flat entirely and it was for him to
decide what to do with it.

Why was Hor added as a joint tenant in 2004?

71 In the event, Mr Kua included Hor’s name as a joint tenant on 30 March
2004. Ho relies on the transfer form signed in 2004, which states that Mr Kua
transferred to Hor his share “BY GIFT”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 52.

But, for the same reasons above (at [58]), this is not determinative. The
circumstances surrounding the inclusion of Hor’s name are critical.

72 The evidence is that around 2003, Mr Kua experienced health issues. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 19.

He was subsequently diagnosed with cancer. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at para 11.

According to Hor, Mr Kua spoke with him in 2003 and told Hor that he wanted to
include Hor’s name in the Flat as he was concerned that Mdm Ng was uneducated
and would not know how to deal with the Flat, including the tax implications
upon his death. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 19.

Hor then went with Mr Kua to the HDB office and helped him with the paperwork.
Hor’s name was included on 30 March 2004. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 19; Lin’s First Affidavit
dated 6 January 2023 at p 18 (lease document in respect of the Flat).

73 Nothing is said in Hor’s affidavit as to why Mr Kua chose him instead of
the other Children. Neither did Mr Kua (apparently) say anything about whether
he was giving the Flat outright to Hor to the exclusion of his siblings, that
Hor was to hold it for the benefit of Mdm Ng or the Children, or that Mr Kua
expected Hor to share the Flat (or its proceeds) with the other Children after
Mdm Ng passed away. All Hor states is that Mr Kua did not consider Hor to be
the real owner of the Flat, 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 21.

albeit without basis or explanation. Lin similarly says nothing of any
intention expressed by Mr Kua concerning who should own the Flat after Mr
Kua’s passing and his affidavit includes mere assertions as to what Mr Kua
would or would not have intended. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at para 11.

All Lin states in his affidavit about what Mr Kua said is:

During his lifetime my father always reminded us and made it clear that my
mother is to be taken cared [sic] of during her lifetime and she must reside
in the Flat [for] as long as she was alive and wanted to… 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at para 12. See also Lin’s First
Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at p 28 (Lin’s statutory declaration dated 17
January 2022).

74 Hoon’s affidavit gives more details. She says that Mr Kua told her that he
wanted to put Hor’s name in the Flat as:

[I]t was to protect [Mdm Ng] as she was uneducated and would not know what to
do with the [Flat] if she outlived [Mr Kua]. Lin already owned his own HDB
flat and his name could not be included. I knew that [Mr Kua] would not
consider putting [Mdm Ng’s], Hong’s or my name as he would never think of
putting a woman’s name as owner of the [Flat]. I agreed that it was a good
idea. He also informed me that he would be leaving some money with Lin to be
used for the expenses of the [Flat] and for [Mdm Ng]. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Hoon’s First Affidavit dated 31 January 2023 at para 26. See also Hor’s First
Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at p 36 (Hoon’s statutory declaration dated 17
January 2021 [sic]).

75 It does not appear that Mr Kua spoke directly to any of the other Children
about the inclusion of Hor’s name in the Flat. Lin’s counsel submitted to the
contrary at the hearing, that Mdm Ng and the other Children “were also there”
at the time Mr Kua added Hor as a co-owner of the Flat; further, since the
entire family was involved in the decision, the Children could therefore give
evidence on Mr Kua’s intention. But this submission is not supported by the
evidence before me.

76 The evidence concerning Mr Kua’s expressed intention is, on its face, that
Mr Kua intended for Mdm Ng to continue living in the Flat after his demise and
expected the Children to take care of her: he had expressly stated this to
Hoon. But this, on its own, is equivocal as to whether he intended to give the
Flat to Hor. I therefore consider other evidence that might shed light on Mr
Kua’s intention.

77 First, the Flat has been the family home since 1989 and appears to have
been Mr Kua’s biggest asset, as he had by then retired from and sold off the
Business.

78 Second, there was no reason for Mr Kua to prefer Hor over the other
Children. There is no evidence that he was Mr Kua or Mdm Ng’s favourite child.
Neither was he closer to them or more involved than the other Children in
looking after them. There is also no evidence that Hor needed financial
assistance or needed it more than his siblings.

79 Third, at the time Hor’s name was included, all the other Children,
including Lin, owned HDB flats, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 71; Lin’s First Affidavit
dated 6 January 2023 at para 11; Lin’s Second Affidavit dated 9 March 2023 at
paras 4(a) and 4(b).

which meant Mr Kua did not have the option of including any of their names to
the Flat.

80 Ho’s counsel argued at the hearing that there was reason for Mr Kua to
prefer Hor. He argued that (a) consistent with Mr Kua’s views and values, Mr
Kua would give the Flat to his son(s) and not his daughter(s); and (b) of the
three sons, Leong was estranged from the family, Lin had taken over the
Business from Mr Kua, and it was therefore not surprising that Mr Kua would
give the Flat to Hor. The evidence does not support that conclusion:

(a) First, while Mr Kua may not have included Mdm Ng’s name in the Flat for
“traditional” reasons (ie, that the husband would own the property and provide
for his wife), it does not follow that he would only give his assets to his
sons to the exclusion of his daughters. Further, that same traditional outlook
may also mean that he would put the Flat in the name of a son because he
expected the son to be in charge after his passing – but this does not mean
that he intended to give the Flat only to that son.

(b) Second, the evidence suggests that Lin, the older brother, was at least
equally involved in the family’s affairs. But the Flat could not be put in his
name as he already owned a HDB flat. This suggests that Hor’s name was
included because he was the only option, and not because Mr Kua intended to
give the Flat to him. Ho’s argument that Lin had already benefitted from
acquiring the Business is speculative – there is no evidence that Mr Kua based
his decision on that fact; further Lin states that he purchased the Business
from Mr Kua, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at para 8.

it was not given to him. Ho points out that no details are given of the
consideration, but this point was only made in Ho’s oral submissions.

81 The evidence therefore suggests that it was not Mr Kua’s intention to gift
the Flat to Hor. Rather, it appears that Mr Kua’s main concern was to include
a joint tenant to the Flat to ensure that the said joint tenant could handle
administrative matters concerning the Flat upon Mr Kua’s passing, thereby
sparing Mdm Ng the trouble. In the circumstances, Hor was the only one among
the Children who was eligible to be added as a joint tenant.

82 Fourth, there is no evidence that Mr Kua had, by words or conduct, asserted
that he was making an outright gift of the Flat to Hor. Nothing changed after
Hor’s name was included. Mr Kua and Mdm Ng continued to live in the Flat and
pay the expenses (at [64] and [65] above). At the hearing, Ho’s counsel
accepted that in the eight or so years between Mr Kua’s addition of Hor as co-
owner of the Flat and Mr Kua’s passing, Mr Kua was regarded as the owner of
the Flat and Hor did not exercise any right of ownership. This constituted
objective evidence of Mr Kua’s exercise of control over the Flat as if he were
the sole owner.

83 Fifth, Hor does not appear to have believed that he had gained ownership of
the Flat:

(a) Like what happened later in 2013 (see above at [60]), there is no evidence
that Hor even discussed the inclusion of his name with Ho in 2004. Ho and Hor
were on good terms then. If it was a gift, it would have been significant. The
lack of discussion suggests that Hor did not consider the inclusion of his
name a significant matter, but rather a matter of convenience.

(b) Hor did not exercise ownership rights over the Flat. Mr Kua continued to
do so (at [82] above).

(c) There is no evidence that Hor bore any greater expense than Mdm Ng or the
other Children as the Flat’s joint owner, took a greater interest in the Flat
or bore a greater share of responsibility to look after Mr Kua or Mdm Ng.

84 I note that Lin and Hor take varying positions as to who Hor is holding the
Flat on trust for, both before and after Mr Kua’s passing:

(a) Lin’s position: It is not clear whose benefit Lin claims Hor held the Flat
for before Mr Kua’s passing since Lin suggests that it was held for the
benefit of Mr Kua and the Children, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Lin’s Written Submissions at para 33.

or Mr Kua, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Lin’s Written Submissions at para 23.

or Mdm Ng and/or the Children. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Lin’s Written Submissions at paras 24 and 25.

Lin is somewhat more definitive on who he posits Hor holds the Flat for after
Mr Kua’s passing – he claims that the Flat is now held by Hor and Ho on trust
for Mdm Ng and/or the Children. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Lin’s Written Submissions at para 2.

(b) Hor’s position: Before Mr Kua’s passing, he held the Flat for Mr Kua and
Mdm Ng. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 50; Hor’s Further Written Submissions at
para 50.

Now, after Mr Kua’s passing, Hor holds the Flat for the benefit of Mdm Ng. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Hor’s Further Written Submissions at para 21.

85 I reject these arguments. There is no evidence at all that Mr Kua intended
Hor to hold the Flat on behalf of the Children. The evidence is also not clear
that he intended for Hor to hold it on trust for Mdm Ng before or after his
passing. The foregoing analysis shows that Mr Kua likely did not intend to,
and indeed did not, gift a share of the Flat to Hor. In the circumstances,
given that Mr Kua’s instructions were limited to Mdm Ng being taken care of
and that Hor did not give any consideration for the inclusion of his name in
the Flat, I find that Hor held the Flat on a resulting trust for Mr Kua, and
after Mr Kua’s passing, for Mr Kua’s estate.

86 In any event, and relevant to the first issue discussed above, I accept
that Hor did not believe that he owned the Flat (at [67] above). In the
circumstances, Hor could not have intended to have made a gift to Ho when he
included her name in the Flat.

87 For the above reasons, I dismiss:

(a) Lin’s application for a declaration that Ho and Hor hold the Flat on trust
for Mdm Ng or, in the alternative, an order that the rights, title and
interest in the Flat shall be transferred to Mdm Ng with no cash consideration
to Ho and Hor; and

(b) Ho’s counterclaim for an order that Hor purchase a 50% share of the Flat
from Ho at the prevailing market value.

The GMP

88 Sometime in 2013, Mdm Ng suffered a fall and began having difficulties
walking. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at para 15; Hor’s First Affidavit
dated 1 February 2023 at para 29.

The Children claim that she then asked Hor to help her manage her money. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 33.

Mdm Ng informed Hoon, Hong and Hor that she had $100,000 and wanted Hor to
invest this sum for her. Hor suggested that the sum be used to purchase a unit
with Gu in “Golden Mile Centre” as it was rumoured that it was about to be
sold en bloc. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Lin’s First Affidavit dated 6 January 2023 at paras 16 and 17; Hor’s First
Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at paras 34–36.

Hor would be the legal owner of the half share of the GMP on the understanding
that, when it was sold, the GMP Proceeds would belong to Mdm Ng and be used
for her expenses 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 37; Lin’s First Affidavit
dated 6 January 2023 at para 18.

while she was alive and, thereafter, for her funeral expenses, with the
remainder being distributed among the Children. According to Hor, matters
pertaining to the GMP, which include the understanding between Mdm Ng and the
Children, were not made known to Ho. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 45.

89 Hor and Gu agreed that they would each finance their respective half shares
of the GMP and share the profit or loss in the investment equally. They held
the GMP as tenants-in-common in equal shares. They purchased the GMP for
$685,500 and took a loan of $479,500 from OCBC Bank. Accordingly, Hor had to
pay cash of $102,750 for the purchase – he claims he used Mdm Ng’s $100,000 to
pay most of this and he paid the balance. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 38.

The purchase of the GMP was completed on 5 November 2013. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 38.

90 However, the en bloc sale did not materialise. The GMP was rented out, and
Hor used his share of the rental proceeds to partially service his loan, and
he personally made up the shortfall. In 2022, Hor started facing pressure from
the Children to sell off his share of the GMP and use the proceeds towards Mdm
Ng’s expenses. Gu agreed to purchase Hor’s half share of the GMP based on a
valuation of the GMP of $700,000. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at paras 65 and 74.

They signed a sale and purchase agreement on 1 June 2022. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at paras 66 and 78.

Ho had no knowledge of the GMP until Hor disclosed it in his first AOM in the
divorce proceedings. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 80(b).

She objected to the sale of Hor’s share of the GMP and her solicitors demanded
that he stop the sale. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 69; Ho’s First Affidavit
dated 2 February 2023 at para 12.

But the sale was completed on 31 August 2022. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 78.

The GMP Proceeds, amounting to $237,822.74, are currently held by Hor’s
solicitors in the conveyance pending the outcome of this dispute. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 76 and p 69 (letter from T
U Naidu dated 2 December 2022).

The parties’ cases

Lin’s case

91 Lin submits that either the whole or a part of the GMP Proceeds is held by
Hor for the benefit of Mdm Ng. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Lin’s Further Written Submissions at para 8.

Lin claims there is an express trust, 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Lin’s Further Written Submissions at para 3.

but recognises that the requirement for such a declaration of trust to be
manifested and proved by some writing, under s 7(1) of the Civil Law Act
(“CLA”), is not met. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Lin’s Further Written Submissions at para 4(a).

Lin nonetheless argues that since the purpose of s 7(1) CLA is to allow a
beneficiary to enforce their rights, and the dispute here is not between a
beneficiary and a trustee, but rather involves a third party, ie, Ho, it
cannot be for Ho to determine the enforceability of the express trust. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Lin’s Further Written Submissions at paras 4(b) and 5.

Lin further argues that a failure to comply with s 7(1) CLA merely renders a
trust unenforceable, not void. Lin highlights that (a) Hor intends to fulfil
his obligation to Mdm Ng and Mdm Ng accepts such obligation; and (b) equity
must intervene and prevent s 7(1) CLA from being used to deny Mdm Ng what
justly belongs to her. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Lin’s Further Written Submissions at para 7.

Hor’s case

92 Hor states that he received $100,000 from Mdm Ng and holds that sum and any
profit made thereon on trust for Mdm Ng. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Hor’s Written Submissions at para 116; Hor’s Further Written Submissions at
para 20.

He also contributed his own moneys toward the acquisition of the GMP, and the
GMP Proceeds should therefore be divided between Mdm Ng and him in proportion
to their respective contributions. Hor argues that the trust is “express, or
alternatively implied, or alternatively resulting”, 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Hor’s Further Written Submissions at para 4.

based on the following:

(a) Hor argues that it is an express trust, and that the operation of s 7(1)
CLA means that the trust is unenforceable, but not void; 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Hor’s Further Written Submissions at para 8.

he argues that the trust is not unenforceable since (i) he is fully aware of
the trust and does not consider it a gift to him; 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Hor’s Further Written Submissions at para 9.

(ii) if he avoided the trust, it would affect his conscience; 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Hor’s Further Written Submissions at para 9.

(iii) in any event, it is not for Ho, a third party, to claim that the trust
is unenforceable; 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Hor’s Further Written Submissions at para 15.

and (iv) if Hor claims that the $100,000 was a gift, “the instrument of fraud
principle would still enforce the trust”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Hor’s Further Written Submissions at para 15.

(b) Hor argues that a resulting trust arises in favour of Mdm Ng because Hor
did not pay the full price for a half share of the GMP, 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Hor’s Further Written Submissions at para 15.

and, in so far as Hor had paid his own moneys towards the GMP, he was doing no
more than responsibly holding up his end of the agreement with his family. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Hor’s Further Written Submissions at para 18.

Ho’s case

93 Ho claims that Hor is the sole beneficial owner of Hor’s half share in the
GMP and the GMP is matrimonial property. This is because the half share of the
GMP was solely acquired by Hor, given that (a) there is no evidence that Mdm
Ng’s moneys were used for the purchase of a half share of the GMP; 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 65.

(b) Hor was gainfully employed and had the means to acquire a share of the
GMP; 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 66.

and (c) Hor always acted as though the GMP was his own investment as he
declared and paid tax on the rent received from the GMP and made the decision
to sell his share of the GMP without consulting Mdm Ng. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 66.

94 Further, Ho argues that even if Mdm Ng did contribute $100,000 to the
purchase of the GMP, by the presumption of advancement, Mdm Ng intended it as
a gift to Hor. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 68.

Ho further argues that (a) there is no express trust because there is no
evidence of Mdm Ng’s intention to create an express trust, 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Ho’s Further Written Submissions at para 34.

the subject matter of the alleged trust is not certain, 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Ho’s Further Written Submissions at para 35.

and s 7(1) CLA was not complied with; 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Ho’s Further Written Submissions at para 36.

and (b) there was no common intention between Hor and Mdm Ng that Mdm Ng holds
a proprietary interest in the GMP, 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 73.

especially as (i) Mdm Ng was diagnosed with dementia as early as 2012 and
probably did not have the capacity to share such common intention; 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Ho’s Further Written Submissions at para 42.

and (ii) there appears to be a difference in the purported intentions of Mdm
Ng and Hor. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 74.

Whether Hor holds the GMP Proceeds on trust for Mdm Ng

95 I find that Lin has failed to prove on a balance of probabilities that Mdm
Ng’s moneys were used to fund the purchase of the GMP. Therefore, no trust
over the half share of the GMP, or the GMP Proceeds, arises.

96 First, I do not accept that Mdm Ng kept large amounts of cash (at least
$50,000), 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 34.

in the Flat in 2013 (specifically, between the time she suffered the fall
sometime in 2013 and the date of completion of the purchase of the GMP on 5
November 2013). 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at paras 32 and 38.

This means that she did not contribute towards the purchase price of the GMP.
158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Lin’s Written Submissions at para 51; Lin’s Further Written Submissions at
para 3(a).

97 The main basis given by Lin and Hor for Mr Kua and Mdm Ng’s practice of
keeping cash in the Flat is that they often had to pay suppliers of the
Business. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

See also Hoon’s First Affidavit dated 31 January 2023 at para 33.

But they had retired from the Business almost 25 years ago, in 1989. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at paras 15 and 17.

Further, Mr Kua, who managed the finances, had passed away in 2012. There was
therefore no longer any reason to keep large amounts of cash at the Flat.

98 Lin and Hor also explain that Mdm Ng kept large amounts of cash because of
a “traditional mentality that ‘cash is king’”. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 31.

The evidence however suggests that Mdm Ng was unlikely to have kept large
amounts of cash at the Flat:

(a) It is Lin’s and Hor’s evidence that Mr Kua did not believe Mdm Ng was
capable of handling legal matters (see above at [44(b)(ii)]). It would
therefore be highly unlikely that Mr Kua would have allowed large amounts of
cash to be kept at home when he was close to passing, knowing that Mdm Ng
would have to manage it. Indeed, this is consistent with the evidence that Mr
Kua gave Lin cash to look after Mdm Ng after he passed on. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Hoon’s First Affidavit dated 31 January 2023 at para 26.

This suggests that he did not keep large amounts of cash at the Flat or
stopped doing so.

(b) I also find it improbable that the Children would have allowed Mdm Ng to
keep large amounts of cash in the Flat in 2013. Mdm Ng lived alone in the Flat
with her domestic helper, her health was poor and she was diagnosed with, or
exhibited symptoms of, dementia as early as 2012 (at [57(a)] above). Hoon’s
affidavit details an instance where Mdm Ng was forgetful and left $5,000 at a
vegetable stall in a market 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Hoon’s First Affidavit dated 31 January 2023 at para 32.

– while Hoon does not state when the incident occurred, it nonetheless shows
that the Children did not trust Mdm Ng with cash. The Children would therefore
likely have wanted to take steps to safeguard Mdm Ng’s moneys. Indeed, Hoon
states that she assisted Mdm Ng to open fixed deposit accounts. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Hoon’s First Affidavit dated 31 January 2023 at para 34.

If that was the case, it is curious why the Children would allow Mdm Ng to
continue keeping large sums of cash in the Flat.

99 Second, Lin relies on the passbook of Mdm Ng and Hor’s joint account, which
shows a withdrawal of $58,457. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Lin’s Written Submissions at para 50; Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February
2023 at pp 24 and 25 (bank passbook of Hor and Mdm Ng’s bank account).

He and Hor maintain that this sum was withdrawn and handed to Hor as part of
the $100,000 given to Hor to purchase the GMP. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Lin’s Written Submissions at para 50; Hor’s Written Submissions at para 38;
Ho’s Written Submissions at para 65.

The remainder was handed in cash from Mdm Ng to Hor. But that cannot be the
case as the withdrawal took place on 21 December 2013, after the completion of
the purchase of the GMP on 5 November 2013. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 38.

At the hearing, Hor belatedly applied for leave to file an affidavit from Gu
to explain this discrepancy, arguing that they had no notice of this argument
as it was only raised in Ho’s written submissions. I denied the application.
It is for Lin and Hor to put all the relevant evidence before the court before
they proceed with the hearing. The bank book is the only document purportedly
evidencing the source of the $100,000, and Lin and Hor must have realized the
significance of the dates. Indeed, Hor only made the application to file an
affidavit from Gu mid-way through the hearing after I questioned why there was
no affidavit explaining the discrepancy in the dates.

100 Third, Hor’s conduct is not consistent with him holding the GMP Proceeds
on trust for Mdm Ng. Ho points out that Hor acted as though the GMP was his
own investment by declaring it as his property and paying tax on the rental
proceeds he received. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 66; Ho’s First Affidavit dated 2 February
2023 at para 67 and Tab 19 (Hor’s Notice of Assessment for 2018).

Ho also submits that Hor had made the decision to sell his share of the GMP
without consulting Mdm Ng. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Ho’s Written Submissions at para 66.

I do not think these points are determinative. It is Hor’s case that Mdm Ng
left the matters relating to the investment in GMP entirely to him. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at paras 34 and 36.

It is plausible that Hor would therefore do these acts without consulting with
Mdm Ng, particularly given her deteriorating health. He certainly could not
consult her on the sale given her dementia.

101 However, Hor’s proposed treatment of the GMP Proceeds, which Lin agrees
with, is inconsistent with their case. Hor’s proposed apportionment of the GMP
Proceeds to Mdm Ng is not consistent with his case that $100,000 of the
purchase price of the GMP was Mdm Ng’s moneys. I reproduce the calculations
made by Hor below: 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 72.

I did a basic calculation of the payments made by me and [Mdm Ng] towards the
[GMP]:

Purchase price| 685,000.00  
---|---  
Less: Loan – OCBC| (479,500.00)  
Balance| 205,500.00  
My share of the payment | 102,750.00  
My mother’s investment | 100,000.00  
Actual amount paid by me | 2,750.00  
Further payment that I made from time of purchase to sale*| 42,000.00  
Total payment | 144,750.00  
  
*Calculation of the payment that [Hor] made from time of purchase to sale: 

| [Gu and Hor]| [Hor]  
---|---|---  
Monthly Rental| 2,300.00| 1,150.00  
Monthly loan repayment | (3,100.00)| (1,550.00)  
Monthly cash payment| (800.00)| (400.00)  
From 12/2013 to 6/2022 (261 months) 172

##### Foot Note 172

× (Hor’s counsel confirmed at the hearing that “261 months” was an error and it should be “105 months” instead.)  | | (42,000.00)  
  
[emphasis added]

102 Hor therefore states that contributions to the purchase price of the half
share of the GMP were made in the following shares: Mdm Ng contributed 69.08%
and Hor contributed 30.92%. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Hor’s First Affidavit dated 1 February 2023 at para 73.

He thereby asserts that the GMP Proceeds should be split between Mdm Ng and
him in this ratio.

103 The main difficulty with this computation is that Hor allocates the rent
collected entirely to himself. But if he is holding a (substantial) part of
the GMP on trust for Mdm Ng, the rental income received should be allocated in
the same proportion between them, thus adding to her contribution. On Ho’s
calculation, if the rent had been properly allocated to Mdm Ng, her share of
the GMP Proceeds would be about 97%.

104 Hor’s calculation of Mdm Ng’s share of the GMP Proceeds reflects that he
regarded the entirety of the rental as belonging to him, which in turn
suggests that Hor considered the half share of the GMP was owned by him
absolutely. If there was a trust in favour of Mdm Ng, Hor appears to be
seeking a larger proportion of the GMP Proceeds for himself to the detriment
of Mdm Ng.

105 Surprisingly, Lin chose not to address this issue and continued, without
explanation, to align his position with Hor’s although it was to the detriment
of Mdm Ng. This suggests that the trust claim is not bona fide.

106 In the circumstances, I find that Hor does not hold the GMP Proceeds, or
any part therefore, on trust for Mdm Ng. I therefore dismiss Lin’s application
for a declaration that Hor and/or Ho hold(s) the whole or part of the GMP
Proceeds on trust for Mdm Ng as well as the consequential orders he seeks.

Conclusion

107 I therefore find that Hor and Ho hold the Flat on trust for Mr Kua’s
estate. It is for Mr Kua’s estate to take steps to enforce the trust. I also
find that the GMP Proceeds belong to Hor, to be dealt with in the matrimonial
proceedings.

108 I will hear the parties on costs. The parties are to file their
submissions, limited to ten pages, within seven days.

Hri Kumar Nair  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Kasturibai Manickam and Samuel Chong (East Asia Law Corporation) for the
applicant;

Goh Hui Hua and Ezra Wong De Wei (Covenant Chambers LLC) for the first
respondent;

Mathew Moncy (Mathew Chew & Chelliah) for the second respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Apr 2023 (12:04 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

