Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 196

Originating Application No 492 of 2022

In the matter of Section 18(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969  
---  
  
Between

| Lau Sheng Jan, Alistair  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Lau Cheok Joo Richard  
---|---  
(2)| Sng Gek Hong Cynthia  
  
… Respondents

Judgment

[Trusts — Unlawful trusts — Whether trust is unenforceable for illegality]

[Trusts — Unlawful trusts — Whether trust is a sham trust]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lau Sheng Jan Alistair

  
v

  

Lau Cheok Joo Richard and another

[2023] SGHC 196

General Division of the High Court —Originating Application No 492 of 2022  
Goh Yihan JC  
1, 29 March, 19 April 2023

21 July 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 This is the applicant’s application for a declaration that the Trust Deed
dated 27 July 2020 (“the Trust”) be terminated and for a property which is the
subject matter of the Trust (“the Property”) to be transferred from the joint
trustee respondents to the applicant. The respondents are the applicant’s
parents. They have since separated. While the second respondent has no
objections to the Trust being terminated, the first respondent has objected to
the present application. As such, the first respondent stands in opposition to
both the applicant and the second respondent.

2 The main issue in this application is whether, following the established
rule in Saunders v Vautier (1841) 4 Beav 115 (“the rule in Saunders v
Vautier”), the applicant can rely on his right as a sole beneficiary to
terminate the Trust and vest the absolute interest of the Property in him.
While the issue is easy to state, this application is complicated by disputes
of fact. These disputes primarily concern whether the Trust was to truly
benefit the applicant or whether it was to avoid Additional Buyer’s Stamp Duty
(“ABSD”) in relation to the Property. Due to these disputes of fact, I
directed for the cross-examination of the parties to take place. The
resolution of these disputes of fact will answer the further questions of (a)
whether the Trust Deed is a sham and should therefore be declared invalid, and
(b) whether, and how, the doctrine of illegality affects the rights of the
applicant under the Trust.

Background

The parties

3 The applicant is a 26-year-old Singaporean. The first and second respondents
are the father and mother of the applicant, respectively. The applicant
resides at the Property with the second respondent and his sister. The first
respondent resides in another property at Block 141 Lorong Ah Soo (“the Lorong
Ah Soo Flat”).

4 The background to the purchase of the Property and the creation of the Trust
are as follows. It is undisputed that on 13 July 2020, the respondents entered
into an option to purchase the Property for a total consideration of $4.925m.
At that time, the respondents were in their mid-50s, and the first respondent
had retired. As such, the respondents raised the purchase sum through various
loans. The loans were eventually repaid through the sale of three other
properties and by liquidating some of the respondents’ personal assets.

Events leading to the execution of the Trust

5 It is also undisputed that, subsequently in July 2020, the respondents
jointly engaged solicitors from Lee & Lee to draft and execute the Trust by
way of a deed. Pursuant to the Trust, the respondents were to hold the
Property, or alternatively, the net proceeds of the sale of the Property, on
trust as joint trustees for the applicant’s sole benefit. More specifically,
the respondents met with Ms Sharon Tay (“Ms Tay”), a solicitor from Lee & Lee,
for advice on the conveyancing process and to prepare the Trust Deed.

6 Crucially, however, the parties dispute the purpose of the Trust. The
applicant and the second respondent say that the Trust was created to gift the
applicant, the respondents’ elder child and only son, a legacy property while
the respondents were still alive. In contrast, the first respondent alleges
the Trust Deed was created to avoid the payment of ABSD and that it was a sham
instrument. According to him, the Trust was created because the respondents
thought that it would be better for the applicant to beneficially own the
Property so that the respondents could “buy” time to dispose of their other
assets and avoid the hefty ABSD that they could not afford.

7 Moreover, the respondents dispute between themselves what transpired during
the meeting with Ms Tay. Specifically, while the respondents agree that Ms Tay
advised them that the Trust could be “collapsed”, the respondents differ on
what she meant by that. According to the first respondent, Ms Tay allegedly
advised the respondents that the Trust could easily be “collapse[d]” after the
“[ABSD] period” ended in four years’ time, and that the respondents could then
“take back” the property if they decided to. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Lau Cheok Joo Richard’s Second Reply Affidavit dated 30 January 2023 at para
3.

In respect of the four-year period, it was likely that, instead of ABSD, the
first respondent was referring to Seller’s Stamp Duty (“SSD”) which is payable
if the Property was acquired and disposed of within a specified number of
years.

8 In response, the second respondent alleges that Ms Tay said that it is the
applicant who can legally ask for the Property to be transferred to him before
the age of 40 years despite cl 7 of the Trust. In this regard, this clause
provides that if the Property is not sold, then upon the applicant attaining
the age of 40 years old, the legal title of the Property shall vest in him on
his request: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Lau Sheng Jan, Alistair dated 26 August 2022 at p 11.

7\. Dealing in the Property

The Trustees declare that in the event that the Property is not sold, then the
Trustees shall at the request and cost of the Beneficiary [ie, the applicant]
transfer the legal estate or title of the Property to the Beneficiary upon the
Beneficiary attaining the age of 40 years old.

[underlined in original]

The alleged Loan Agreement

9 After the execution of the Trust, the first respondent alleged that a loan
agreement (“the Loan Agreement”) dated 4 August 2020 was signed by the
applicant and the respondents. By the terms of the Loan Agreement, the
respondents agreed to loan the applicant the sum of $4.925m to purchase the
Property. However, the applicant and the second respondent dispute (a) whether
the Loan Agreement was signed to begin with, and (b) the effect and purpose of
the Loan Agreement. Regarding the issue of whether the Loan Agreement was
signed, the applicant and the second respondent both deny that the applicant
had ever signed the Loan Agreement. As such, by their account, there was no
agreement reached between the parties at all.

10 As for the effect and purpose of the Loan Agreement, the first respondent
originally took the position that it was intended to protect the applicant in
the long term. In particular, the first respondent explained that he and the
second respondent were concerned that should the applicant’s marriage with his
future wife end in a divorce, his future wife may make a claim on the
Property. However, the first respondent later changed tack. He now claims that
the Loan Agreement was to protect him and the second respondent, and not the
applicant. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Lau Cheok Joo Richard’s Reply Affidavit dated 2 November 2022 at para 9.

By the first respondent’s latest account, the Property was the respondents’
sole asset after disposing of all their other properties. Therefore, it was
necessary to protect himself and the second respondent in case they were left
with nothing. In contrast, the applicant and the second respondent take the
position that the Loan Agreement was to “protect” the capital sum of $4.925m
in case the applicant’s future wife attempted to assert any rights over the
Property in the event of the applicant’s divorce. In essence, the applicant
and the second respondent reaffirm the position initially taken by the first
respondent that the Loan Agreement was intended to protect the applicant in
the long term.

The respondents’ divorce and the applicant’s intention to terminate the Trust

11 Sometime in 2021, the relationship between the respondents became rocky.
The second respondent commenced divorce proceedings against the first
respondent, who had moved out to stay at the Lorong Ah Soo Flat. In light of
this development, the applicant now wishes to terminate the Trust in order to
have the Property vest in him immediately. According to him, this is to
prevent any more disputes between the respondents, and to ensure that the
second respondent, his sister, and him will have a place to stay after the
divorce proceedings between the respondents are finalised.

12 To that end, the applicant instructed his solicitors to write to the
respondents to inform them of his intention to terminate the Trust and to seek
their agreement for the legal title of the Property to be transferred to him
immediately upon such termination. The second respondent replied on 5 August
2022 to state that she was agreeable to the applicant’s proposal. The first
respondent replied by way of email on 6 August 2022 to state that he wished to
let the court decide on the application. However, on 6 October 2022, the first
respondent filed a reply affidavit objecting to the application.

The parties’ arguments

13 As I mentioned at the outset, the applicant relies on the rule in Saunders
v Vautier to terminate the Trust on the basis that he is a sole beneficiary
who has reached full age and does not suffer from any mental disability. This
would have been a simple application of the rule in Saunders v Vautier.
However, the first respondent argues that there was no intention to give the
Property to the applicant as a gift, considering that the Property was
allegedly the respondents’ matrimonial home. Rather, as I alluded to above,
the first respondent says that the Trust Deed was a sham instrument to avoid
paying ABSD. In essence, the first respondent seeks to defeat the applicant’s
reliance on the rule in Saunders v Vautier by arguing that the Trust Deed is
either a sham and therefore invalid, or that the Trust is illegal and
therefore unenforceable.

14 In response to the first respondent’s arguments, the applicant makes three
submissions. First, he says that the Trust was not entered into for the
illegal purpose of evading any ABSD. Secondly, he submits that even if the
court finds that the Trust was entered into for the illegal purpose of
avoiding ABSD, the applicant does not need to rely on the illegal purpose of
the Trust in order to terminate the Trust. Thirdly, he repeats his entitlement
to terminate the Trust and have the Property vest in him immediately pursuant
to the rule in Saunders v Vautier as he is of full age, suffers from no mental
disability, and is absolutely entitled to the Property as the sole beneficiary
of the Trust.

15 In a similar vein, the second respondent argues that the Trust Deed was not
a sham and that the respondents genuinely intended to benefit the applicant by
setting up the Trust. That the arrangement had the added benefit of allowing
the respondents to move into a larger house while saving on ABSD is a
completely incidental benefit that does not detract from the respondents’
intention to gift the applicant, “their elder child and only son”, a legacy
property while the both of them were still alive. Moreover, the second
respondent argues the first respondent’s drafting of the Loan Agreement after
the signing of the Trust deed showed that he intended for the beneficial
interest in the Property to remain with the applicant.

The relevant issues

16 In the light of the parties’ arguments, there are two broad issues to be
determined in the present case:

(a) first, whether the applicant has made out a prima facie case for the
termination of the Trust pursuant to the rule in Saunders v Vautier; and

(b) second, if the applicant has made out such a prima facie case, whether his
entitlement to terminate the Trust is defeated by: (i) the Trust Deed being
invalidated on the basis that it is a sham instrument, or (ii) the Trust being
unenforceable on the basis that it was created illegally or for an illegal
purpose.

17 In setting out these issues, I recognise that the first respondent is a
self-represented party. As such, while he has argued in his submissions that
the Trust Deed is a “sham”, I will also consider the related but different
argument that tangentially arises from his submissions, which is that the
Trust should be unenforceable for being illegal or having been created for an
illegal purpose. Indeed, I note that while the second respondent has focused
on addressing the argument that the Trust Deed is a sham instrument, the
applicant has instead focused on rebutting the argument that the Trust should
be unenforceable for being illegal.

Whether the applicant has established a prima facie case for the termination
of the Trust pursuant to the rule in Saunders v Vautier

18 To begin with, I find that the applicant has established a prima facie case
for the termination of the Trust pursuant to the rule in Saunders v Vautier.
In the High Court decision of Re Singapore Symphonia Co Ltd & others [2013]
SGHC 261 (“Re SSO”), the rule in Saunders v Vautier was stated to consist of
the following elements (at [4]):

… that the beneficiaries of the trust, if together entitled to the whole
beneficial interest, can if sui juris put an end to the trust and direct the
trustees to hand over the trust property as they direct …

19 The facts of Re SSO illustrate the application of the rule in Saunders v
Vautier. In that case, the settlor of the trust, the Tote Board, had settled a
capital sum of $25m on trust, with the income to be distributed from time to
time to the Singapore Symphonic Orchestra (“the SSO”), with any loss or
shortfall to be made good before the income was paid out. The trust was to end
on the 21st year from the death of the last surviving of the four original
trustees. During the financial crisis in 2008, the trust fund fell below $25m.
Income could not be paid out of the trust. As a result, the SSO was in
deficit. The SSO and the Tote Board agreed to donate the remaining money in
the trust to the SSO’s endowment fund, but this required the termination of
the trust. Hence, the applicants sought the court’s declaration on the
beneficiaries to the trust and for the beneficiaries to exercise their rights
under the rule in Saunders v Vautier to terminate the trust. This would have
resulted in the remaining trust money to be paid to the SSO’s endowment fund.
The High Court held that this was a fixed trust and not one where more
beneficiaries could be added, or one in which that discretion could be
exercised in anyone’s favour. The court therefore granted the application on
the basis that the SSO and the Tote Board, being the only beneficiaries under
the trust, were entitled to exercise their rights pursuant to the rule in
Saunders v Vautier to call in and dispose of the trust property (at [5]).

20 Similarly, in the High Court decision of Neoh Raymond Dennis v Liew Leong
Wan and another [2011] SGHC 179, the court held that unless the trust itself
was illegal and unenforceable, the rule in Saunders v Vautier applied, such
that the sole beneficiary was entitled to ask the trustee to transfer the
objects of the trust to him. In that case, the plaintiff, Mr Raymond Dennis
Neoh, played an instrumental role in setting up and incorporating the second
defendant, Alternative Content Distribution Network Pte Ltd (“ACDN”). The
first defendant, Mr Liew Leong Wan, was the Chief Technology Officer of ACDN
from 1 July 2009 and a shareholder and director of ACDN from 24 July 2009. The
plaintiff sought a declaration from the court that the first defendant held
shares in ACDN on trust for the plaintiff, and an order that the shares be
transferred to and registered in the name of the plaintiff. The first
defendant had become the registered owner after they were transferred to him
by a former employee of ACDN under the plaintiff’s instruction. That former
employee had held the shares by virtue of a trust deed executed by that former
employee stating that the former employee held the shares on trust for the
plaintiff.

21 The High Court found that “there can be no question that [the first
defendant] holds [the shares] on trust for [the plaintiff], unless the trust
is illegal and unenforceable” (at [10]). The court reached this conclusion
based on, among others, a transfer form with the former employee as the
transferor and the first defendant as the transferee. In particular, this
transfer form had stated that the transfer was subject to the conditions that
the shares were held in the same manner prior to the execution of the transfer
form (ie, on trust for the plaintiff), and that a declaration of trust had to
be executed by the first defendant that he held the shares on trust for
plaintiff. Correspondence also showed that the first defendant knew that he
was taking the shares as trustee. As such, the court further held that the
plaintiff was entitled to an order for the first defendant to transfer the
shares to the plaintiff under the rule in Saunders v Vautier.

22 On the facts of the present case, it is clear that the applicant is prima
facie entitled to terminate the Trust as he fulfils the legal requirements of
the rule in Saunders v Vautier to do so. First, he is 26 years old and is
therefore an adult of full age. Second, he has undergone a medical check-up
before a registered psychiatrist, who has certified that he does not suffer
from any mental disability. Third, he is absolutely entitled to the Property
under the Trust as he is the sole beneficiary of the same. Thus, the
applicant’s entitlement to have the Property transferred to him will only be
defeated if the first respondent’s arguments that the Trust is a sham
instrument or illegal succeed. I turn to consider these arguments now.

Whether the Trust Deed should be invalidated for being a sham instrument

The applicable law

23 Turning to the first issue, I begin with the general concept of a sham
trust, which was discussed by Chan Seng Onn J in the High Court decision of
Chng Bee Kheng and another (executrixes and trustees of the estate of Fock Poh
Kum, deceased) v Chng Eng Chye [2013] 2 SLR 715 (“Chng Bee Kheng”). The
learned judge adopted at [50] Lord Diplock’s formulation in the English Court
of Appeal decision in Snook v London and West Riding Investments Ltd [1967] 2
QB 786 at 802:

… I apprehend that, if it has any meaning in law, it means acts done or
documents executed by the parties to the ‘sham’ which are intended by them to
give to third parties or to the court the appearance of creating between the
parties legal rights and obligations different from the actual legal rights
and obligations (if any) which the parties intend to create. …

To similar effect, Patten LJ held as follows in the English Court of Appeal
decision of Pankhania v Chandegra (by her litigation friend, Ronald Andrew
Eagle) [2013] 1 P & CR 238 at [20]:

The question of what constitutes a sham trust has been the subject of
considerable discussion in recent years, particularly in the context of
attempts to shield assets from the claims of divorced spouses or creditors.
But what is, I think, clear is that it must be shown both that the parties to
the trust deed (in this case, the claimant and the defendant) never intended
to create a trust and that they did intend to give that false impression to
third parties or to the court …

[emphasis added]

24 With these remarks in mind, it is appropriate, in assessing whether the
parties “intended to create a trust”, to have reference to what a trust is. In
this regard, a trust has been defined as such (see Patrick Parkinson,
“Reconceptualising the Express Trust” (2001) 61 CLJ 657 at 683):

An express trust is an equitable obligation binding a person (‘the trustee’)
to deal with identifiable property to which he or she has legal title for the
benefit of others to whom he or she is in some way accountable. Such
obligations may either be for the benefit of persons who have proprietary
rights in equity, of whom he or she may be one, or for the furtherance of a
sufficiently certain purpose which can be enforced by someone intended to have
a right of enforcement under the terms of the trust or by operation of law.

[footnotes omitted; emphasis added]

Reading the two extracts together, it can therefore be concluded that a trust
deed is a sham where it was never intended by the settlors to create an
arrangement for them to divest themselves of the aspects of beneficial
ownership in the manner that is provided for in the trust, while intending to
give that false impression to third parties or to the court.

25 From the above, it is also clear that the crux of a sham trust is a common
intention to mislead, with the relevant common intention generally being that
of the settlor and the trustee (see Chng Bee Kheng at [56]). In ascertaining
this intention, a subjective test is used. In this regard, I agree with
Professor Matthew Conaglen’s argument that a subjective test flows from the
fact that the very purpose of a sham transaction is to mislead third parties
(see Matthew Conaglen, “Sham Trusts” (2008) 67(1) CLJ 176 at 186). Thus, it is
only where the objective appearance of a transaction is of a certain type will
the courts need a justification to look behind the objective appearance in
order to get at the truth of the matter.

26 I pause to note that some academic commentators such as Professor Simon
Douglas and Professor Ben MacFarlane have made the counterargument that the
focus should always be on the objective intent of the settlor, and therefore
the sham trust doctrine does not need to be distinct from the question of
certainty of intention (see Modern Studies in Property Law vol 9 (Heather
Conway and Robin Hickey eds) (Hart Publishing, 2017)). However, I think that
the difference between the two views may not be as great in practice. Indeed,
an objective interpretation of the evidence presented will inevitably be
required to determine the true subjective intention. As such, the better view
is that, in order to establish a sham, it is crucial to ascertain on the
available evidence what the settlor truly intended, which is in line with the
approach expressed in Equity & Trusts: Text, Cases, and Materials (Paul S
Davies and Graham Virgo eds) (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2019) at pp
69–70).

27 In applying the subjective test to determine whether a trust deed in
question is a sham, two further points may be made. First, the person alleging
that a document is a sham has the burden of proving that the parties intended
the document to be a pretence. Second, there is a very strong presumption that
the parties intend to be bound by the provisions of the agreements which they
entered into (see Chng Bee Kheng at [51]). In this connection, Neuberger J (as
he then was) explained in National Westminster Bank plc v Jones and others
[2001] 1 BCLC 98 at [59]:

… Because a finding of sham carries with it a finding of dishonesty, because
innocent third parties may often rely upon the genuineness of a provision or
an agreement, and because the court places great weight on the existence and
provisions of a formally signed document, there is a strong and natural
presumption against holding a provision or document a sham.

My decision: the Trust Deed is not a sham

28 In my judgment, the Trust Deed is not a sham. The evidence shows that the
Trust was set up by the respondents to transfer beneficial interest in the
Property to the applicant. As such, the Trust Deed functioned exactly as the
respondents intended it to. In this regard, the fact that the trust
arrangement additionally allowed the respondents to save on ABSD is an
incidental benefit that does not detract from their overall intention to gift
their elder child and only son a legacy property while the both of them were
still living. I elaborate on these broad points below.

The respondents intended to benefit the applicant by the Trust

29 First, I find that there was no common intention between the settlors and
trustees, ie, the respondents, to commit to a sham trust. I accept the second
respondent’s evidence that both respondents, especially her, had at all
material times intended for the Property to be purchased for the applicant’s
benefit. In my judgment, the respondents’ circumstances, at the time the
Property was purchased in 2020, point to this conclusion. In particular, at
the time the Property was purchased in 2020, the respondents were already in
their mid-50s. The first respondent had in fact retired by then. It is
therefore entirely believable that, at that stage of their lives, with their
children either already past the age of majority or about to reach majority,
the respondents made provisions for their children. Accordingly, there was a
clear reason for why the Trust was intended to benefit the applicant.

30 Second, as to the alternative reason advanced by the first respondent, ie,
that the Trust was created to avoid ABSD, I find that there is no credible
evidence that the respondents would have been unable to afford the ABSD, had
they truly wished to retain beneficial interest in the Property. Indeed, even
if I were to take the first respondent’s case at its highest, that does not
show that the respondents were unable to afford the ABSD, but only that they
required more time to raise the funds. Indeed, the evidence shows that the
respondents owned another three properties at that time, including a terrace
house that the first respondent indicated was sold very shortly after 5
December 2020, rendering profits of $2.2m. The first respondent also indicated
that another property was sold very shortly after on 7 January 2021. Apart
from these properties, the respondents still had their Mount Sophia apartment
to liquidate. They both also had substantial personal funds, with the first
respondent indicating that he contributed a total of $1.1m from his personal
savings after liquidating his Oceanus shares in the stock market.

31 Third, I find that the respondents knew that the Trust could be collapsed
by the applicant for his own benefit and nevertheless proceeded to execute the
Trust. This suggests that the respondents intended to benefit the applicant by
way of the Trust. As for the respondents’ competing versions of what Ms Tay
specifically said about the possibility of the Trust being “collapsed” (see
[7]–[8] above), I prefer the second respondent’s version of events. In my
judgment, the first respondent’s version, that Ms Tay had advised the
respondents that the Trust could easily be “collapsed” after the ABSD (or,
more likely, SSD) period ended in four years’ time, and that the respondents
could then “buy back” the property, is not believable. To begin with, the
Trust Deed was drafted as an irrevocable trust. Ms Tay, as an experienced real
estate lawyer, would have known that the Trust could not be “collapsed” by the
respondents given its status as an irrevocable trust. In contrast, I find that
it is far more probable that when Ms Tay advised on the “collapsing” of the
Trust, she was referring to the applicant having the legal right to do so,
just as the second respondent has described. More broadly, it is not
believable that Ms Tay would fail to advise on the rule in Saunders v Vautier
and also erroneously advise that an irrevocable trust could be easily
collapsed by the respondents.

32 Further, the second respondent’s version of events is supported by the
letter dated 24 July 2020 from Ms Tay’s firm to both respondents, which states
that “we explained to you in detail the contents of the Documents and the
legal consequences arising out of your execution of the same”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Sng Gek Hong Cynthia’s 2nd Affidavit dated 22 Dec 2022 at p 6.

Further, Ms Tay’s contemporaneous attendance note unequivocally states that
she advised the Respondents that “[the applicant] can collapse trust before 40
by instructing trustee”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Sng Gek Hong Cynthia’s 2nd Affidavit dated 22 Dec 2022 at p 8.

There is no reason for Ms Tay to side with one side or the other, and I regard
this note to be crucial evidence in favour of the second respondent’s account
of events. While the first respondent has argued that this attendance note is
inadmissible hearsay evidence, I find that it is so admissible by virtue of s
32(1)(b)(iv) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed) as it is a record of Ms
Tay’s own advice.

33 In sum, I find that the respondents had intended for the Trust Deed to
function as it was meant to, that is, to transfer the beneficial interest in
the Property to the applicant.

The Loan Agreement supports the Trust Deed being a bona fide instrument

34 Moreover, the Loan Agreement further supports the Trust Deed being a bona
fide instrument. While the Loan Agreement was never executed, both respondents
agree that its terms were otherwise complete. In my view, the Loan Agreement
proves that the first respondent – who prepared the Loan Agreement –
understood that the applicant held onto the beneficial interest of the
Property and would continue to do so well into the future. Indeed, before the
first respondent changed his position, the respondents had agreed that the
purpose of the Loan Agreement, had it been executed, would have been to
“divorce-proof” the Property should the applicant’s potential future marriage
run into trouble. If so, then the mechanism of the Loan Agreement would only
make sense if the applicant held the beneficial interest in the property.

35 Moreover, the Loan Agreement designates the respondents as “Lender[s]” and
the Applicant as “Borrower”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Lau Cheok Joo Richard’s Reply Affidavit dated 6 October 2022 at Exhibit
ALRL-2.

Under cl 5.1, “the whole of the Indebtedness shall immediately be repaid by
the Borrower to the Lender upon demand by the Lender”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Lau Cheok Joo Richard’s Reply Affidavit dated 6 October 2022 at Exhibit
ALRL-2.

Since there is no other repayment schedule stated in the Loan Agreement, this
indicates that the respondents intended for the loan sum of $4.925m to be
repaid only at their demand sometime in the future. As such, it can be
surmised that the first respondent’s intention in preparing the Loan Agreement
was to reduce the net value of the Property as a matrimonial asset by $4.925m
if the applicant were to be embroiled in divorce proceedings in the future.
This sum would then become a matrimonial liability that would have to be
returned to the respondents first before any balance could be divided between
the applicant and his future wife. However, by the first respondent’s account,
he would have called on the loan amount in just four years. This does not make
sense because the applicant was only 24 years old as of August 2020, and still
an undergraduate. He had only dated his girlfriend for one year at that time.
Thus, if the first respondent truly believed that the Trust was only to last
for the SSD period, it meant that he would also have to believe that the
applicant would marry and divorce within the same four years despite being
only 24 years old and not contemplating marriage at that stage in life.

36 For all these reasons, I conclude that the Trust Deed is not a sham
instrument and should not be invalidated on this basis.

Whether the Trust should be unenforceable for illegality

37 I turn now to consider the issue of whether, assuming the Trust is valid,
it is unenforceable because it was constituted for an illegal purpose. Since
the legal principles in the context where the illegality defence is raised
against a claim to enforce a trust are not settled, I take this opportunity to
set out the applicable law.

The applicable law

The formal reliance principle in Tinsley v Milligan as previously applied in
local decisions

38 To consider how the doctrine of illegality affects claims in the law of
trusts, I begin with the earlier authorities in Singapore where the courts
adopted the rule in the House of Lords decision of Tinsley v Milligan [1994] 1
AC 340 (“Tinsley”). This rule is that a plaintiff who asserts a claim founded
on an illegality will be refused the court’s assistance if he must rely on the
illegality to maintain his claim. More specifically, to “rely” on the
illegality means that the plaintiff has to plead the facts of the illegality
(see Tinsley at 376). The rule in Tinsley can be termed as the “formal
reliance principle” (in contrast to the “substantive reliance principle”)
which, for convenience, I will adopt in the subsequent analysis.

39 In Tinsley itself, the parties purchased a house which was registered in
the sole name of the appellant, one Ms Tinsley. This was done so that the
respondent, one Ms Milligan, could make false claims for social security
benefits to the Department of Social Security. When the parties fell out, the
respondent claimed an equitable interest in the house on the basis of a
resulting trust and commenced an action seeking possession of the house. In
that action, Lord Browne-Wilkinson held that the respondent was entitled to
recover if she was not forced to plead or rely on the illegality, even if it
emerged that the title on which she relied was acquired in the course of
carrying through an illegal transaction (at 376E). Thus, on the facts, the
respondent established a resulting trust by showing that she had contributed
to the purchase price of the house and that there was a common understanding
between her and the appellant that they owned the house equally. To establish
her claim, the respondent did not need to allege or prove why the house was
conveyed in the name of the appellant alone, since that fact was irrelevant to
her claim. It was enough to show that the house was in fact vested in the
appellant alone (at 376E–376F).

40 In Singapore, the formal reliance principle was applied by the High Court
in Public Prosecutor v Intra Group (Holdings) Co Inc [1999] 1 SLR(R) 154.
There, the managing director of the respondent (which was a company) directed
an employee of the company to purchase a residential property in Singapore in
the employee’s own name, but as trustee for the respondent. This was illegal
since the respondent could not acquire a proprietary interest in the property
or the sale proceeds under an express trust or a resulting trust as this was
specifically prohibited by the Residential Properties Act (Cap 274, 1985 Rev
Ed). Subsequently, the property was sold, and the question was whether the
respondent had any proprietary claim in the sale proceeds by way of a
constructive trust. Yong Pung How CJ held that there was no such proprietary
claim. More importantly, even if there was, the proprietary claim would be
obstructed by the doctrine of illegality (at [58]). This is because the
respondent would have to rely on the underlying illegal transaction, which was
the acquisition of the property on trust for itself to assert its proprietary
claim. In other words, its claim would be “entirely contingent” upon the
assertion that the property in question was held on trust for the respondent
(at [62]).

Departing from the formal reliance principle

41 While the formal reliance principle in Tinsley might have been the
prevailing position for some time, other jurisdictions have now departed from
this rule.

(1) The present approaches in other jurisdictions

(A) The UK

42 Under English law, the formal reliance principle is no longer good law and
has now been replaced with the “range of factors” test in the UK Supreme Court
decision of Patel v Mirza [2017] AC 467 (“Patel”) in the context of common law
illegality. In Patel, the claimant paid a large sum of money to the defendant
pursuant to an agreement that he would use it to bet on the movement of shares
on the basis of inside information. This agreement contravened the prohibition
on insider dealing in the UK, which was governed by s 53 of the Criminal
Justice Act 1993 (c 36) (UK). However, this agreement could not be carried out
because the expected insider information was not forthcoming. The claimant
brought a claim against the defendant for the repayment of the money.

43 At first instance, the English High Court dismissed the claim on the basis
of the formal reliance principle, holding that (a) the claimant’s case relied
on the illegal agreement, since in order to make good his case, the claimant
had to prove the illegal purpose for which he had paid the money to the
defendant; and (b) although the claimant would not have been barred from
relief if he had voluntarily withdrawn from the illegal agreement before it
had been performed, he was so barred because the agreement had been
frustrated. On appeal, the English Court of Appeal allowed the claimant’s
appeal on the basis that a party who had withdrawn from an illegal agreement,
that could no longer be performed, was not prevented by public policy from
relying on the agreement, provided that no part of it had been carried into
effect.

44 The defendant appealed against the English Court of Appeal’s decision to
the UK Supreme Court. The court unanimously dismissed the appeal. However, the
majority (comprising five members of the coram) and the minority (of four)
disagreed as to the reasoning to reach that outcome. Lord Toulson JSC, who
delivered the majority decision, had to decide whether the formal reliance
principle, as set out in cases like Tinsley and Bowmakers Ltd v Barnet
Instruments Ltd [1945] KB 45 (“Bowmakers”), continued to apply in the context
of contractual illegality in common law. After a comparative review of the
authorities as well as the academic scholarship in this regard, he concluded
that there are two broad discernible policy reasons for the common law
doctrine of illegality as a defence to a civil claim: (a) first, a person
should not be allowed to profit from his own wrongdoing; and (b) second, the
law should be coherent and not self-defeating, condoning illegality by giving
with the left hand what it takes with the right hand (see Patel at [99]).

45 In elaborating on these two reasons, Lord Toulson JSC adopted the reasoning
in the Canadian decision of Hall v Hebert [1993] 2 SCR 159, in which McLachlin
J opined that the question is not whether the claimant is “getting something”
out of the wrongdoing. Rather, the question is whether allowing recovery for
something which was illegal would produce “inconsistency and disharmony in the
law, and so cause damage to the integrity of the legal system” (see Patel at
[100]). As regards the question of what “inconsistency” means, Lord Toulson
JSC opined that the court must: (a) consider the underlying purpose of the
prohibition which has been transgressed; (b) consider conversely any other
relevant public policies which may be rendered ineffective or less effective
by the denial of the claim; and (c) keep in mind the possibility of overkill
unless the law is applied with a due sense of proportionality (see Patel at
[101]). Specifically, on proportionality, Lord Toulson JSC adopted a “range of
factors” approach and opined that Professor Andrew Burrows’ proposed list in
Restatement of the English Law of Contract (Oxford University Press, 2016) was
helpful but not exhaustive. Potentially relevant factors include the
seriousness of the conduct, its centrality to the contract, and whether there
was marked disparity in the parties’ respective culpability (see Patel at
[107]). In the round, rather than asking whether the contract should be
regarded as tainted by illegality, the question is whether the relief claimed
should be granted (see Patel at [109]).

46 Accordingly, having regard to the principles expressed above, Lord Toulson
JSC opined that the formal reliance principle as laid down in Tinsley and
Bowmakers should no longer be followed (see Patel at [110]). On the facts of
Patel, the learned judge agreed with the reasoning of Gloster LJ in the
English Court of Appeal below, who had asked herself correctly “whether the
policy underlying the rule which made the contract between Mr Patel [the
claimant] and Mr Mirza [the defendant] illegal would be stultified if Mr
Patel’s clam in unjust enrichment were allowed”. In this regard, Lord Toulson
JSC also agreed with Gloster LJ that there was no logical basis why
considerations of public policy should require the claimant to forfeit the
moneys which he paid into the defendant’s account, and which were never used
for the purpose for which they were paid. To bar the claimant’s claim would,
in the circumstances, not be a just and proportionate response to the
illegality (see Patel at [115]).

47 In my view, while the facts of Patel concerned unlawful contracts, it “will
undoubtedly have an impact upon the law of trusts” (see Paul S Davies,
“Ramifications of Patel v Mirza in the Law of Trusts” in Illegality after
Patel v Mirza (Sarah Green and Alan Bogg eds) (Hart Publishing, 2018) ch 11 at
p 256). Indeed, the “range of factors” approach has been applied by the lower
courts in the trusts context (see, eg, the English High Court decisions of
Kliers v Schmerler and another [2018] EWHC 1350 (Ch) at [81]–[109] and Al-
Dowaisan and another v Al-Salam and others [2019] 2 BCLC 328 at [224]–[235]).
It is also telling that, in arriving at their decision, the majority in Patel
had expressly rejected Tinsley, which concerned a resulting trust. By
rejecting the rule in Tinsley, the majority must have contemplated that the
formal reliance principle should, in principle, similarly not be applicable in
the trusts context.

(B) Australia

48 Likewise, in the trusts context, the formal reliance principle has been
rejected by the High Court of Australia in Nelson and another v Nelson and
others [1995] 132 ALR 133 (“Nelson”). In that case, Mrs Nelson, the first
appellant, was eligible under the Defence Service Homes Act 1918 (Cth)
(“DSHA”) for a subsidy to buy a house because she was a widow of a mariner who
had served in World War I. She provided the purchase money for a first house
which was transferred into the names of her adult children, Elizabeth and
Peter. Even with the transfer, their common intention was that Mrs Nelson
should be the beneficial owner of that house. The purpose of this arrangement
was to enable Mrs Nelson, should she subsequently wish to purchase another
house for herself, to obtain the aforementioned subsidy. She would not have
been eligible for the subsidy if she were the owner of another house.

49 Subsequently, Mrs Nelson purchased another house for herself. She applied
for a subsidy, falsely declaring that she did not own or have a financial
interest in a house other than the house for which the advance was sought,
even though, on her case, she claimed to have a beneficial interest in the
first house. By the time the first house was sold, the relationship between
the parties had broken down, and a dispute arose as to who was entitled to the
sale proceeds of the first house. Mrs Nelson and Peter, as the claimants,
sought a declaration that the sale proceeds were held on trust for Mrs Nelson,
and an order that those proceeds, together with interest, be paid to her.
Elizabeth commenced a cross-claim where she sought various reliefs including a
declaration that she had a beneficial interest in the proceeds of sale.

50 At first instance, this issue was dealt with by a Master in the Equity
Division of the Supreme Court of New South Wales. The Master held that the
relationship between Mrs Nelson and her children, Elizabeth and Peter, gave
rise to the presumption of advancement. Evidence had to be led to rebut the
presumption. The Master found that Mrs Nelson had no intention to confer any
beneficial interest in the first house or in its proceeds of sale on her
children, and that the first house was purchased in the names of Elizabeth and
Peter to preserve Mrs Nelson’s eligibility for a subsidy. The Master found
that this was not in itself illegal. However, he held that Mrs Nelson and
Peter, as the claimants, knew of the illegality involved in making a false
declaration when applying for a subsidy in respect of the second house, and
intentionally went ahead with the application. In this regard, the Master
found that the making of the false statement was sufficient for the purpose of
showing illegality. Accordingly, the Master held that Mrs Nelson’s case to
rebut the presumption of advancement failed and that a declaration was granted
that Elizabeth had a beneficial interest in the proceeds of sale of the first
house.

51 The Court of Appeal of New South Wales dismissed Mrs Nelson’s appeal. In
doing so, the Court of Appeal held, among others, that the presumption of
advancement applied as against Mrs Nelson in favour of Elizabeth and Peter in
respect of the first house. Further, Mrs Nelson could not rebut that
presumption because she had to rely upon the illegal purpose of obtaining a
subsidy on the purchase of the second house.

52 Mrs Nelson then brought a further appeal to the High Court of Australia,
which allowed her appeal. To begin with, it is significant that the court
unanimously rejected the formal reliance principle in Tinsley. For instance,
Toohey J observed that the formal reliance principle is open to the criticism
that it “represents a triumph of procedure over substance” and “pays no regard
to the nature of seriousness of the illegality” (at 176). In this regard, as
the illegality defence is rooted in considerations of public policy, to allow
the result of a case to be determined by the formal reliance principle, which
is concerned with the procedural aspects of the claim, is “at odds with the
broad considerations necessarily involved in question of public policy” (at
179). Similarly, McHugh J opined that the formal reliance principle is “too
extreme and inflexible to represent sound legal policy” (at 191).

53 While the High Court of Australia unanimously agreed that relief should be
granted in favour of Mrs Nelson, the judges differed in their approach in
ascertaining the appropriate relief that should be granted. What is
significant for present purposes is the decision of the majority, comprising
Deane, McHugh, and Gummow JJ, which departed from the traditional all-or-
nothing approach of the illegality defence that would have resulted in the
claimants either succeeding in their claim, or failing entirely. Instead, the
majority held that the question of illegality was bound up with the underlying
policy of the DSHA, which was to provide public moneys to facilitate the
purchase of housing by eligible persons, but on the footing that the eligible
person was not to own another dwelling. The purpose of the DSHA was
sufficiently served by the penalties it provided. As such, the denial of a
resulting trust would cause prejudice to Mrs Nelson without furthering the
objects of the DSHA (at 158, per Deane and Gummow JJ; at 195, per McHugh J).
However, as the price of obtaining the relief she sought, for the recognition
and enforcement of a resulting trust in respect of the whole of the balance of
the proceeds of sale of the first house, Mrs Nelson had to take steps to
satisfy the demands of the underlying policy of the DSHA. This required her to
pay to the Commonwealth the benefit in respect of the purchase of the second
house which she had obtained by her unlawful conduct (at 159, per Deane and
Gummow JJ; at 195, per McHugh J). Accordingly, Nelson represented a departure
from the formal reliance principle in Tinsley towards an approach which gives
a court the discretion to calibrate the appropriate relief to be granted
instead (see further, Man Yip, “The Restitutionary Aftermath of Contractual
Illegality” [2015] RLR 106).

(2) The formal reliance principle should not be applied in the present case

54 From the foregoing authorities, it is clear that the formal reliance
principle in Tinsley has been the subject of strong judicial disapproval. In
this regard, the Law Commission of England and Wales (“Law Commission”), after
comprehensively reviewing the law of illegality in 1999, concluded that the
formal reliance principle is “far from easy to apply” and that its rationale
is difficult to locate (see Illegal Transactions: The Effect of Illegality on
Contracts and Trusts (LCCP No 154, 1999) (“1999 Report”) at para 3.19). As the
Law Commission rightly observed, “[w]hether it renders a property interest
under a trust enforceable or unenforceable depends on whether it is possible
for the claimant to establish his or her entitlement without leading evidence
of the illegality”. Therefore, it “presents the risk that the principle may
operate to bar the enforcement of a proprietary interest and that it will do
so in an arbitrary manner” [emphasis in original]. Ultimately, the reason why
it operates in an arbitrary manner is because it “turns on matters of form and
not of substance” (see 1999 Report at para 3.21).

55 In light of the above, I do not think that the formal reliance principle
should be applied in the present case. Indeed, the difficulties of applying
Tinsley may be illustrated here. Assuming that the Trust is affected by
illegality, then it might be said, on the one hand, that the application is
founded on the Trust, which in turn relies on the illegal purpose of the
respondents in constituting the Trust. This would, assuming that the
illegality is made out, defeat the application. On the other hand, it might
also be argued that the applicant does not need to plead the illegality per se
to establish his claim. Indeed, as the applicant has argued, his application
is founded on his status as beneficiary of the Trust, and in making good his
application, it is unnecessary for him to plead that the Trust was constituted
for an illegal purpose. On this view, his application should not be barred by
the formal reliance principle. Yet, there seems to be no justifiable reason
why, if a Trust is affected by illegality, the application should turn on
whether the applicant needs to formally rely on the illegality in question.
This shows how the application of the formal reliance principle may give rise
to artificiality and possible arbitrariness.

Developments to the illegality defence in Singapore

56 If the formal reliance principle does not apply, it remains to be
considered what the appropriate test is in relation to the application of the
doctrine of illegality in the trusts context. To begin with, the Court of
Appeal has rejected the formal reliance principle in the contractual context
(see the Court of Appeal decisions of Ting Siew May v Boon Lay Choo and
another [2014] 3 SLR 609 (“Ting Siew May”) and Ochroid Trading Ltd and another
v Chua Siok Lui (trading as VIE Import & Export) and another [2018] 1 SLR 363
(“Ochroid Trading”)). In those decisions, the Court of Appeal laid down a
framework that clarified the application of the illegality defence in the
contractual context, as well as the principles governing the restitution of
benefits conferred under the impugned contract. While these decisions are not
strictly binding on me because the Court of Appeal in Ochroid Trading
expressly reserved its position on the applicability of the reliance principle
for claims in torts or trusts (see, eg, Ochroid Trading at [167]–[168]), they
are obviously strongly persuasive. For reasons which I will explain, I am of
the respectful view that the same framework should apply, albeit with some
modifications.

(1) Ting Siew May’s rejection of the formal reliance principle and
reformulation of the illegality defence in the contractual context

57 Before discussing the illegality defence in the trusts context, it is
helpful first to set out the principles in the decisions of Ting Siew May and
Ochroid Trading. In Ting Siew May, the appellant granted an option to purchase
a property to the respondents. The option was backdated to 4 October 2012 at
the respondents’ request, so that the respondents could obtain a bank loan for
the purchase on more favourable terms before changes were issued by the
Monetary Authority of Singapore on 5 October 2012. Subsequently, the appellant
withdrew her offer as stated in the option, stating that she did not want to
be a party to any illegality. The respondents applied to the High Court for a
declaration that the option was valid and binding on the appellant and
consequently for certain reliefs.

58 The High Court held that the option was valid and binding on the appellant
and granted the respondents an order for specific performance of the option.
The court found that there was no statutory illegality since there was no
express or implied legislative intention that the backdating of the option
would render it unenforceable. The High Court also held that the option was
not void and unenforceable for illegality at common law since the illegal
manner in which the respondents intended to procure financing was too remote
from the contract. The respondents also did not need to rely on the backdating
to found their claim against the appellant.

59 On appeal, the respondents argued that, in so far as the issue of
illegality at common law was concerned, they did not have to rely on the
backdating of the option to found their claim against the appellant as their
claim did not depend on them pleading that the option was backdated (at
[125]). In effect, the respondents’ argument was premised on the formal
reliance principle. Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, who delivered the seminal
decision of the Court of Appeal, rejected this argument. On this point, Phang
JA took the view that applying the formal reliance principle in the
contractual context would “undermine (in a significant manner) the very
rationale which the doctrine of illegality and public policy is premised on,
which is the wider public interest”. It would create “enormous uncertainty” as
parties would then seek to “characterise (or, more accurately, ‘dress up’) the
facts in order to make the argument” (at [128]). Instead of asking whether a
party had to plead the illegality, Phang JA opined that the question that
should be asked was whether the claimant was seeking to, in substance, enforce
an illegal contract (at [127]). In other words, he was of the view that if the
reliance principle applied at all, it should be a substantive reliance
principle which is “not merely literal or descriptive in nature” (at [127]).
As such, the Court of Appeal precluded the application of the formal reliance
principle as the test for the illegality defence in the contractual context.

60 Instead of applying the formal reliance principle, Phang JA laid down the
following framework for applying the illegality defence in the contractual
context. As a threshold point, the court recognised that there are different
categories of scenarios where the illegality defence could operate in the
contractual context. First, there is the category of statutory illegality,
where the contract is expressly or impliedly prohibited by statute. Second,
another category is that of common law illegality, where the contract falls
foul of one of the established heads of common law public policy. Third, apart
from the two aforementioned categories is the category of contracts entered
into with the object of committing an illegal act. In relation to the third
category, the court opined that the general approach is to examine the
relevant policy considerations so as to produce a proportionate response to
the illegality in each case. The factors for assessing proportionality in this
context include: (a) whether allowing the claim would undermine the purpose of
the prohibiting rule; (b) the nature and gravity of the illegality; (c) the
remoteness or centrality of the illegality to the contract; (d) the object,
intent, and conduct of the parties; and (e) the consequences of denying the
claim (at [70]). These are not a conclusive list of factors and they “should
not be applied in a rigid or mechanistic fashion” (at [71]). Ultimately, the
nature of the inquiry is fact centric.

(2) The two-stage framework in Ochroid Trading in the contractual context

61 Against the backdrop of Ting Siew May, the Court of Appeal in Ochroid
Trading elaborated on the principles governing the illegality defence in the
contractual context. In addition to this, Phang JA (who delivered the judgment
of the Court of Appeal) also clarified the principles governing the
restitution of benefits conferred under the impugned contract. This resulted
in a two-stage conceptual framework.

62 I begin with the facts of Ochroid Trading. That case concerned certain
moneylending agreements, and the primary issue was whether the agreements were
illegal moneylending contracts which were prohibited (and hence unenforceable)
under the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed). If these agreements were
unenforceable, the secondary issue arose as to whether the alternative claim
in unjust enrichment for the restitutionary recovery of the principal sums
lent ought to be allowed.

63 To resolve these issues, Phang JA laid down a two-stage framework on which
I now elaborate. As regards the first stage, there are two broad categories of
illegality to consider: the first being statutory illegality and the second
being illegality at common law. More specifically, within the broad category
of illegality at common law, there is a recognised subcategory of contracts
which are not unlawful in themselves, but which were entered into with the
object of committing an illegal act. In such cases, the proportionality
principle laid down in Ting Siew May ought to be applied to determine if the
contract is enforceable (see Ochroid Trading at [64]). The factors to consider
include: (a) whether allowing the claim would undermine the purpose of the
prohibiting rule; (b) the nature and gravity of the illegality; (c) the
remoteness or centrality of the illegality to the contract; (d) the object,
intent, and conduct of the parties; and (e) the consequences of denying the
claim (see Ting Siew May at [70]).

64 Next, at the second stage, Phang JA held that there are at least three
possible avenues for restitutionary recovery: (a) where the parties are not in
pari delicto; (b) where a party to an illegal contract genuinely repents in
time before the illegal purpose is effected; (c) where the restitutionary
recovery is premised on recovery through an independent cause of action. While
Phang JA explained each of these avenues at length, it is not necessary for me
to do so at this juncture.

65 Instead, in relation to the second stage, what is important for present
purposes are two key points. The first is that Phang JA in Ochroid Trading
endorsed the principle of stultification, which asks the question of whether
allowing the claim would undermine the fundamental policy that rendered the
underlying contract void and unenforceable in the first place (at [159]). The
rationale of the principle of stultification is that the court should not
allow the claim if to do so would “make a mockery or nonsense of the law that
rendered the contract void and unenforceable to begin with” [emphasis in
original omitted] (at [148]).

66 The second and related point is that Phang JA expressed the tentative view
that the principle of stultification might apply to other independent causes
of action in tort and the law of trusts (at [161] and [168]). When these two
points are considered together, it is clear that the principle of
stultification is not of narrow application. Indeed, as Phang JA indicated, it
is a principle that is generally applicable to the illegality defence across
the different areas of private law. In my view, to rationalise the principle
of stultification in this manner is consistent with its very definition, which
was outlined in Professor Peter Birks’s influential article (see Peter Birks,
“Recovering Value Transferred Under an Illegal Contract” (2000) 1 Theoretical
Inquiries in Law 155 at 160, cited with approval in Ochroid Trading at [147]):

… ‘To stultify’ is to ‘make a fool of’ or ‘to make nonsense of’. It is
important that the law as stated in one area should not make nonsense of the
law as stated in another. …

[emphasis added]

Applying this definition, in order to achieve the end result that the law as
stated in any one area does not make nonsense of the law as stated in another,
this means that the illegality defence in all areas of law must be subject to
the same principle of stultification.

(3) A modified Ochroid Trading framework should apply in the trusts context

67 With the notion of coherence in mind, I turn to consider whether these
principles should similarly apply in the trusts context, with which the
present case is concerned. In my view, the question should be answered in the
affirmative. I am therefore of the view that the Ochroid Trading framework
should broadly apply in the trusts context with the appropriate modifications.
I say this for the following reasons.

68 First, as a matter of principle, the illegality defences between the trusts
context and the contractual context should be broadly consistent with each
other. Were it otherwise, its effect would be to encourage parties who
contemplate illegal conduct to simply structure their legal arrangements
differently in order to get around the rule that does not favour them. This
result would go against the tenor of Ting Siew May and Ochroid Trading, where
the Court of Appeal sought to avoid the possibility that the illegality
defence could operate artificially and arbitrarily, depending on technical
factors that have nothing to do with the public interest in discouraging
illegal conduct (see, eg, Ting Siew May at [127] and Ochroid Trading at
[132]).

69 Second, the Ochroid Trading framework is consistent with the view that the
court, in applying the illegality defence in the trusts context, should look
to matters of substance and not form (see [54]–[55] above). As I explained
above, Phang JA in Ting Siew May had rejected the reliance principle as being
merely “literal or descriptive in nature” and instead adopted what is
effectively a substantive reliance principle (see [59] above). The statements
of Phang JA in Ting Siew May were in turn elaborated on in Ochroid Trading.
While the substantive reliance principle in Ting Siew May was originally
expressed in the context of what is now the first stage of the Ochroid Trading
framework, the Court of Appeal in Ochroid Trading at [131]–[132] subsequently
also alluded to the idea that this principle extends to the second stage of
the framework.

The modified Ochroid Trading framework in the trusts context

70 I turn now to explain how the Ochroid Trading framework, with modifications
to cater for differences between the contractual and trusts contexts, should
apply where the illegality defence is raised in the trusts context. In my
view, this modified framework should apply where a claimant seeks to enforce
his rights under a trust arising in his favour, whether the trust was
constituted through an express intent (such as in the case of an express
trust) or by operation of law (such as in the case of constructive and
resulting trusts, etc).

(1) The first stage: is the trust enforceable?

(A) Trusts that are prohibited

71 At the first stage, a court should first consider whether the trust in
question is prohibited, whether by statute (expressly or impliedly) or where
it falls into an established category of trusts which have historically been
held to be void and unenforceable. These include trusts which are adverse to
religion and morality (see the English High Court decision of In re Watson,
decd [1973] 1 WLR 1472), trusts contrary to succession law (see the English
decision of Attorney-General v Pearson (1817) 3 Mer 353), and trusts which
impose a condition divesting the interest of a devisee or legatee if he enters
into the naval or military services of the country (see the English High Court
decision of In re Beard [1908] 1 Ch 383). Prohibited trusts also include
trusts which are expressly or impliedly prohibited by statute. In such cases,
the formation of the trust itself would be illegal, the result of which is
that the trust would be void and unenforceable.

(B) Trusts created for an illegal purpose, or which arise as an incidental
consequence of the illegal purpose

72 Apart from such situations, there is also a category of trusts which in
themselves are not illegal, but which are created for an illegal purpose, or
which arise as an incidental consequence of the illegal purpose. An example of
such a trust can be found in the facts of Knight and another v Knight and
others [2019] 2 P & CR D33 (“Knight”). In that case, a deceased person was the
sole owner of a property for a period of time until he faced the prospect of
bankruptcy. Fearing that he would be made a bankrupt and lose the property,
which was his home, the deceased arranged with his friend whereby he would
purport to sell the property to his friend for market value. However, the
arrangement was that when the risk of bankruptcy passed or when the deceased
got out of bankruptcy, the property would be transferred back to the deceased.
The illegal purpose was to shield the property from the deceased’s bankruptcy.
Despite this, the English High Court found that, subject to a mortgage which
the deceased’s friend took out to purchase the property, the deceased was
intended to and remained the beneficial owner of the property. In other words,
the friend held the property on an express trust for the benefit of the
deceased. Significantly, the court regarded the issue of whether the trust was
enforceable as separate from the question of whether there was a valid trust
in the first place. For completeness, the court ultimately concluded, applying
the range of factors approach in Patel, that the trust was enforceable after
considering that the deceased’s creditors were fully paid, and that the
Officer Receiver in bankruptcy had notice of the sale of the property and had
taken no action.

73 Similarly, a resulting trust that arises by operation of law, which was
itself not illegal, could have arisen incidentally as a consequence of an
illegal purpose. In this case, the question is whether one is allowed to
enforce the equitable interest. An illustration of this situation can be seen
in the facts of the High Court of Australia decision of Nelson. It will be
recalled that the court unanimously rejected the formal reliance principle,
the effect of which was that Mrs Nelson was free to rebut the presumption of
advancement in favour of her children and therefore prove that her children
held the sale proceeds of a house on resulting trust for her. However, this
did not mean that she was automatically entitled to the declaratory relief
that she sought. Indeed, the majority in Nelson granted the declaratory relief
on the condition that Mrs Nelson pay to the Commonwealth the benefit in
respect of the purchase of the second house for which she obtained a subsidy
as a result of her unlawful conduct.

74 In my view, in these categories of trusts which are in themselves not
illegal, but which are constituted for an illegal purpose, or which arise
incidentally as a consequence of the illegal purpose, the court could adopt
the proportionality analysis in the first stage of the Ochroid Trading
framework. This is because not all forms of illegality are equally serious, as
the Law Reform Committee of the Singapore Academy of Law observed in Relief
from Unenforceability of Illegal Contracts and Trusts (5 July 2002) at para
7.7. Indeed, if the law assumes that all forms of illegality are equally
serious, the illegality doctrine may operate too harshly.

75 Therefore, the consequence of illegality should be attenuated accordingly
where the trust in question does not fall into an established situation that
automatically renders it void. As the Court of Appeal in Ting Siew May
observed at [46], there might be legal wrongs intended to be committed by one
or more parties which are relatively trivial, and it would be disproportionate
to render a contract void and unenforceable in such situations. In my view,
this observation applies even more strongly in the trusts context, where the
rights of third parties who are not part of the illegality may be affected as
well. In this regard, the factors articulated in Ting Siew May at [70] would
be helpful in ascertaining whether rendering the trust unenforceable would be
a proportionate response to the illegality. To recapitulate, these factors
are: (a) whether allowing the claim would undermine the purpose of the
prohibiting rule, (b) the nature and gravity of the illegality, (c) the
remoteness or centrality of the illegality to the trust, (d) the object,
intent, and conduct of the parties, and (e) the consequences of denying the
claim.

76 In sum, at the first stage of this framework, the question to be asked is
whether the trust in question is enforceable. In answering this question, the
court should have regard to whether the trust falls into an established
category of trusts which are prohibited, and are therefore void and
unenforceable, or whether the trust is valid but might nevertheless be
unenforceable because it was created either for an illegal purpose or arose as
an incidental consequence of the illegal purpose. Where the latter situation
applies, the court should apply the principle of proportionality in assessing
whether to enforce the trust, having regard to the factors in Ting Siew May.
If the court decides, at the first stage of the framework, that the trust
should be unenforceable, it remains to be considered if the second stage of
the Ochroid Trading framework should apply.

(2) The second stage: if the trust is not enforceable, can there nevertheless
be restitutionary recovery?

77 In my view, the second stage should not apply where the claim is for the
enforcement of a proprietary interest. While the Ochroid Trading framework
applies well in the contractual context, the trusts context is quite
different. In so far as the second stage of the Ochroid Trading framework asks
if restitutionary recovery is possible, this would not readily apply in the
trusts context because the claimant here is not asking for repayment of the
money under a contract. Instead, the claimant is seeking the enforcement of
his proprietary interest. Also, it is not in every case that there has been a
payment or transfer of a benefit from one party to the other. This can be
illustrated by looking at the express trust situation which involves the
settlor, trustee, and beneficiary relationship. In that situation, the only
person entitled to “enforce” a trust is the beneficiary. As the beneficiary is
not the settlor and has not contributed any property to the trust, there is
nothing restitutionary about the claim at all. Even in the case of a
presumption of resulting trust – for example, where the beneficiary has made
direct contribution to the purchase of the property – the beneficiary is
trying to enforce his or her equitable interest in the property and not
seeking to recover the payment that has been made. Nor does the court consider
the resulting trust to be a vehicle for proprietary restitution. The claim
will be for breaches of duty or, as in this case, to determine the trust under
Saunders v Vautier. This is why there cannot have been a restitutionary claim.

78 As such, the second stage of the Ochroid Trading framework should not apply
in the trusts context where the claim is for the enforcement of a proprietary
interest, in which it would not make sense to ask whether there can be
restitutionary recovery. In such a situation, the Ochroid Trading framework,
as applied in the context of trusts, comprises only the first stage. In so far
as this stage is concerned, it can be resolved into three questions: (a)
whether the trust in question is prohibited, (b) if not, whether the trust in
question should nonetheless be enforceable, by considering the proportionality
factors in Ting Siew May, and (c) if not, whether the party seeking to enforce
the trust in question can nonetheless establish an alternative basis for
enforcing a proprietary interest by the operation of trusts law, such as by a
resulting trust if his claim to enforce an express trust fails because the
express trust is found to be unenforceable.

79 In relation to (c), the principle of stultification should apply to
determine if, in allowing the claim, the fundamental policy that prohibited
the trust in question in the first place would be undermined (see the
Singapore International Commercial Court decision of Baker, Michael A
(executor of the estate of Chantal Burnison, deceased) v BCS Business
Consulting Services Pte Ltd and others [2020] 4 SLR 85 at [274]). In saying
this, I leave open the possibility that the second stage of the Ochroid
Trading framework could still apply in the trusts context, where the party
seeking to enforce the trust can make out his claim by some other independent
cause of action. In that case, the principle of stultification should again
apply in the manner described above.

(3) Summary

80 To summarise the above discussion, the applicable principles in the
modified Ochroid Trading framework as applied in the trusts context should be
as follows:

81 As to the first stage:

(a) First, the court should consider whether the trust in question is illegal
in itself and therefore void and unenforceable; a trust is illegal in itself
when it is expressly or impliedly prohibited by statute or falls within an
established category of situations that renders it void and unenforceable.

(b) Second, if the trust is not illegal in itself, the court should then
consider whether the trust concerned is created for an illegal purpose, or
which arose as an incidental consequence of the illegal purpose. If so, the
proportionality analysis applies to determine a proportionate response to the
illegality, and the factors to be considered include (i) whether allowing the
claim would undermine the purpose of the prohibiting rule; (ii) the nature and
gravity of the illegality; (iii) the remoteness or centrality of the
illegality to the trust; (iv) the object, intent, and conduct of the parties;
and (v) the consequences of denying the claim.

(c) Third, if the court decides that the trust was created for an illegal
purpose and should not be enforceable, the court may consider if the party
seeking to enforce the trust in question can nonetheless establish an
alternative basis for enforcing a proprietary interest by the operation of
trusts law, such as by a resulting trust if his claim to enforce an express
trust fails because the express trust is found to be unenforceable. In
considering this, the court should apply the principle of stultification to
determine if, in allowing the claim, the fundamental policy that prohibited
the trust in question in the first place would be undermined.

My decision: the Trust was not constituted for an illegal purpose

82 Applying the framework above, I turn to the present case. First, in
considering whether the Trust is illegal in itself, I conclude that, apart
from the question of statutory illegality, this situation does not fall into
any established categories that would render the Trust illegal in itself. In
examining the question of statutory illegality, I turn to the relevant parts
of the Stamp Duties Act 1929 (Cap 312, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SDA”). Section 4(1)(a)
of the SDA read with Art 3(bf)(iii) of the First Schedule to the SDA provide
for the relevant obligation to pay ABSD if the respondents had owned the
beneficial interest of the Property. Section 4(1)(a) of the SDA states:

Instruments chargeable with duty

4.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and any other written law, every
instrument mentioned in the First Schedule, being an instrument —

(a) which, not having been previously executed by any person, is executed in
Singapore; or

…

shall be chargeable with duty of the amount specified in that Schedule as the
proper duty for that instrument.

And Art 3(bf)(iii) of the First Schedule to the SDA states:

(bf) on sale of residential property (whether or not any other type of
property is also conveyed, transferred or assigned under the same instrument),
executed on or after 12 January 2013

…

(iii) if —| (a)| 10% of the amount or the total amount of consideration of the
residential property or properties that is or are conveyed, assigned or
transferred, if the instrument is executed before 6 July 2018; or  
---|---|---  
(A)| the grantee, transferee or lessee is a Singapore citizen owning 2 or more
properties or a Singapore permanent resident owning property, or any of 2 or
more joint grantees, transferees or lessees is a Singapore citizen owning 2 or
more properties or a Singapore permanent resident owning property, and none of
the other joint grantees, transferees or lessees is a foreigner or an entity;
and  
(b)| 15% of the amount or the total amount of consideration of the residential
property or properties that is or are conveyed, assigned or transferred, if
the instrument is executed on or after 6 July 2018  
(B)| one or more residential properties is or are conveyed, transferred or assigned under the instrument| |   
  
As the respondents are Singaporeans and owned more than two properties at the
time of the purchase of the Property (which was after 6 July 2018), the ABSD
rate of 15% of the total consideration of $4.925m for the Property was payable
by the respondents. This amounted to $738,750 which the respondents did not
pay as a result of the creation of the Trust.

83 However, from these provisions, there is no express prohibition of trusts
created to avoid ABSD obligations. From the provisions themselves, it is also
difficult to conclude that there was a necessary inference or clear
implication that such trusts are illegal (see Ting Siew May at [110] and
[111]).

84 Second, following from my conclusions above that the Trust Deed is not a
sham instrument, I also find that the Trust was also not created for an
illegal purpose, which was to avoid ABSD. I had earlier explained why I do not
think this is the case here and there is no need to repeat those findings
here.

Conclusion

85 In summary, I first find that the applicant has established a prima facie
case for the termination of the Trust pursuant to the rule in Saunders v
Vautier. I do not find any reason to refute this prima facie case because (a)
I do not think that the Trust deed should be invalidated for being a sham
instrument, and (b) I also do not think that the Trust should be unenforceable
for illegality. In essence, my reasons for finding centre on my conclusion
that the Trust is a bona fide instrument that was meant to benefit the
applicant and not to avoid ABSD.

86 For all these reasons, I allow the applicant’s application for a
declaration that the Trust be terminated and for the Property to be
transferred from the respondents to the applicant.

87 Unless the parties are able to agree on costs within 14 days of this
decision, they are to write in with their submissions on the appropriate costs
order, limited to 7 pages each.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Lim Kim Hong and Lim Teng Jie (Kim & Co) for the applicant;

The first respondent in person;

Chan Yu Xin and Andrea Ang Si Min (WongPartnership LLP) for the second
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 21 Jul 2023 (12:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

