Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 316

Originating Application No 390 of 2023

In the matter of Section 29 of the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act
2000

And

In the matter of Paragraph 7(1) of the Third Schedule to the Mutual Assistance
in Criminal Matters Act 2000

And

In the matter of Order 53 Rule 11 of the Rules of Court 2021

And

In the matter of oCap Management Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

Between

Attorney-General  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Liquidators of oCap Management Pte Ltd (in liquidation)  
---  
  
… Non-parties

judgment

[Insolvency Law — Winding up — Whether restraint order in relation to assets
of company in liquidation should be granted — Extent to which company’s assets
may be restrained in view of liquidation process]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re oCap Management Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

[2023] SGHC 316

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 390 of 2023  
Aedit Abdullah J  
13 July 2023

3 November 2023 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 In the liquidation of a company, funds from the realised assets of the
company are usually reserved for distribution as either the costs and expenses
of the winding up or debts that are repaid to creditors. Claims against the
company are subject to the liquidation process to facilitate the orderly
distribution of assets. To carry out this process, the liquidators of a
company would in turn need to have access to the company’s funds. However, in
the present originating application, the Attorney-General (“AG”) seeks to
effectively halt this process. He says that another interest intrudes: that of
providing international assistance to another state in foreign criminal
proceedings, as the assets of the company might be the subject of a
confiscation order by a foreign court. The broad question in these proceedings
thus concerns the extent to which the court should give weight to this
interest.

2 This application is made by the AG under s 29(2)(b) of the Mutual Assistance
in Criminal Matters Act 2000 (2020 Rev Ed) (“MACMA”), which governs requests
for the enforcement of a foreign confiscation order that may be made in
judicial proceedings in another country. Pursuant to a request for assistance
from the Federal Republic of Germany (“the German authorities”), the AG
primarily seeks an order (“the Restraint Order”) that oCap Management Pte Ltd
(“the Company”) and Citibank NA (“Citibank”) be restrained, until further
order, whether by themselves, their servants, agents or otherwise howsoever
from disposing of, transferring, assigning, pledging, distributing, charging,
diminishing the value of or otherwise dealing with their interest, in all or
any part of the monies deposited with Citibank in two bank accounts
(collectively, “the Bank Accounts”). The AG seeks to restrain up to €210m,
which represents the value of the proceeds of criminal offences involving
Wirecard AG and its subsidiaries (collectively, “the Wirecard Group”).

3 Complicating this matter is the fact that the Company is in liquidation.
While the liquidators of the Company (“the Liquidators”), who are non-parties
to this application, do not oppose the order that the AG is seeking, their
position is that the Restraint Order should be made with appropriate
conditions and exceptions to allow the Liquidators to deal with a portion of
the moneys in the Bank Accounts, in the amount of no less than S$2,705,000 so
as to not: (a) inhibit the Liquidators from exercising their functions for the
purpose of distributing any property to the Company’s creditors; and/or (b)
prevent the payment out of any property of expenses properly incurred in the
winding up in respect of the Bank Accounts. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

RWS at para 3.

4 While the AG and the Liquidators do not dispute that the statutory
requirements for the grant of the Restraint Order have been met, they take
differing positions in relation to the principles that should govern the scope
of any resulting order. As such, I indicated during the hearing that I will
first rule on the applicable principles, with parties to make further
submissions on the amount in the Bank Accounts with which the Liquidators
should be allowed to deal; that amount would fall outside the scope of the
Restraint Order. This judgment sets out those principles.

Background: The Wirecard Fraud

5 The genesis of this application relates back to the criminal offences
involving the Wirecard Group. On 28 August 2020, the Local Court of Munich
ordered the provisional seizure and attachment of the Company’s assets up to
€100m as there were reasons to believe that the Company had obtained at least
that sum as proceeds from alleged criminal offences involving the Wirecard
Group, and the conditions for the confiscation of the value of the proceeds of
crime under German law had been fulfilled. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AWS at para 6.

6 In October 2020, the German authorities submitted a request to the AG
pursuant to the MACMA seeking Singapore’s assistance to restrain the dealing
in any of the moneys in the Bank Accounts, up to €100m. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AWS at para 7.

Subsequently, the German authorities ascertained that the proceeds of crime
obtained by the Company amounted to the higher sum of €210m and accordingly
clarified that their request seeks Singapore’s assistance to restrain the
dealings in any of the moneys in the Bank Accounts up to €210m. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AWS at para 8.

7 On 10 March 2022, the German authorities instituted criminal proceedings
against Oliver Bellenhaus, Dr Markus Braun, and Stephan Egilmar Hartmann
Freiherr von Erffa in Germany for alleged criminal offences committed
involving the Wirecard Group between 2015 and 2020. In particular, Braun was
charged with offences of embezzlement through loans amounting to €210m from
and/or through the companies in the Wirecard Group to the Company in relation
to the Wirecard Group’s purported dealings in the third-party acquirer and the
merchant cash advance lines of businesses, which in truth did not exist. These
non-existent businesses were instead used to disguise the Wirecard Group’s
true financial position and ultimately divert moneys out of the Wirecard Group
via the Company. Among other things, the German authorities are seeking an
order for confiscation against the Company for the value of the proceeds of
crime obtained by the Company amounting to €210m (“the German Confiscation
Proceedings”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AWS at para 9.

8 On 18 April 2023, this originating application was filed on a without notice
basis under the MACMA. The Attorney-General Chambers (“AGC”) notified the
Liquidators’ solicitors, BlackOak LLC, of this application as a matter of
courtesy. Following the Liquidators’ request, the AGC indicated that it would
be prepared to proceed with this application on a with notice basis as
requested by the Liquidators, provided that the Company and the Liquidators
agreed to certain conditions. This was to manage the risk that the moneys in
the Bank Accounts may be dissipated pending the disposal of this application.
Parties eventually agreed on those conditions, and this application was thus
heard on a with notice basis on 13 July 2023. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AWS at para 10.

The statutory requirements for the grant of the Restraint Order have been met

9 I allow the application, being satisfied that all the statutory requirements
for the granting of the Restraint Order have been met. Section 29(2)(b) of the
MACMA, on which this application was based, read with s 29(1)(b), provides as
follows:

Requests for enforcement of foreign confiscation order

29.—(1) The appropriate authority of a prescribed foreign country may request
the Attorney-General to assist in —

…

(b) where a foreign confiscation order may be made in judicial proceedings
which have been or are to be instituted in that country, the restraining of
dealing in any property that is reasonably believed to be located in Singapore
and against which the order may be enforced or which may be available to
satisfy the order.

(2) On receipt of a request under subsection (1), the Attorney-General may —

…

(b) in the case of subsection (1)(b) — act or authorise the taking of action
under the provisions of the Third Schedule,

and in that event the provisions of the Third Schedule apply accordingly.

10 Section 29 of the MACMA refers to the Third Schedule of the same Act
(“Third Schedule”), to which I now turn. In this regard, paragraph 6 of the
Third Schedule sets out four main legal requirements for the grant of a
restraint order (see the Court of Appeal decision of Steep Rise Ltd v Attorney
General [2020] 1 SLR 872 at [35]). For ease of reference, I set out paragraph
6:

Cases in which restraint orders and charging orders may be made

6.—(1) The powers conferred on the General Division of the High Court by
paragraph 7(1) to make a restraint order … are exercisable where —

(a) judicial proceedings have been instituted in a prescribed foreign country;

(b) the proceedings have not been concluded; and

(c) either a foreign confiscation order has been made in the proceedings or it
appears to the General Division of the High Court that there are reasonable
grounds for believing that such an order may be made in them.

(2) Those powers are also exercisable where the General Division of the High
Court is satisfied that judicial proceedings are to be instituted in a
prescribed foreign country and that there are reasonable grounds for believing
that a foreign confiscation order may be made in them.

…

(4) The General Division of the High Court shall not make an order under
paragraph 7(1) … if it is of the opinion that it is contrary to the public
interest for the order to be made.

11 As the AG correctly submits, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AWS at para 12.

the above requirements as distilled mean that the court must be satisfied
that:

(a) judicial proceedings have been instituted in a prescribed foreign country
or are to be instituted in a prescribed foreign country;

(b) such proceedings have not concluded;

(c) a foreign confiscation order has been made in such proceedings or there
are reasonable grounds for believing that a foreign confiscation order may be
made in such proceedings; and

(d) it is not contrary to the public interest for the restraint order to be
made.

12 On the first requirement, judicial proceedings have been instituted in the
Federal Republic of Germany. While it is not a “prescribed foreign country” as
declared by the Minister under ss 2(1) and 17 of the MACMA, any assistance
under Division 5 of the MACMA (of which s 29 is part) may still be provided to
a foreign country if the appropriate authority of that country has given an
undertaking to the AG that that country will comply with a future request by
Singapore to that country for similar assistance in a criminal matter
involving an offence that corresponds to the foreign offence for which
assistance is sought (see s 16(2) of the MACMA). The AG has provided the
requisite undertaking from the German authorities, with which I am satisfied.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AWS at para 13.

13 The second requirement, that judicial proceedings have not concluded, has
also been confirmed by the German authorities. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AWS at para 14.

14 Turning to the third requirement, I am satisfied that there are reasons to
believe that a foreign confiscation order will be made in the German
Confiscation Proceedings. Section 2(1) of the MACMA defines a “foreign
confiscation order” as follows:

“foreign confiscation order” —

(a) means an order made by a court in a foreign country, on or after the
appointed date for that country, for the recovery, forfeiture or confiscation
of —

(i) any payment or other reward received in connection with an offence against
the law of that country, or the value of any such payment or reward; or

(ii) any property derived or realised, directly or indirectly, from any
payment or other reward mentioned in sub‑paragraph (i), or the value of any
such property; and

(b) includes an instrumentality forfeiture order.

In this regard, the German authorities have issued a certificate dated 1
September 2022 confirming that the German confiscating proceedings have been
instituted against Bellenhaus, Braun, and von Erffa (as mentioned at [7]
above), and that the purpose of these proceedings is to prosecute them for
offences under German law and to confiscate the proceeds of crime, or the
value of the proceeds of crime, derived from the commission of the offences.
These include assets of the Company in the amount of €210m, including the Bank
Accounts. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Chew Wei Chiang Benjamin’s Affidavit dated 17 April 2023 at para 9.

15 Fourth, I find nothing to suggest that it would be contrary to the public
interest for the Restraint Order to be made. Indeed, the Liquidators also
confirm that they are not aware of any evidence which suggests that the
statutory requirements under the MACMA have not been fulfilled. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

RWS at para 11.

The scope of restrictions on the making of the Restraint Order

16 However, even when the statutory requirements under the MACMA are
satisfied, the court’s power to grant a restraint order is subject to some
restrictions, depending on the facts of each case. One such restriction is
found in paragraph 14 of the Third Schedule, which governs the interaction
between the court’s power to grant a restraint order on one hand, and the
liquidation of a company on the other. Broadly speaking, there are two
situations contemplated in paragraph 14. The first situation is where a
restraint order is granted before the winding up of a company, and this is
governed by paragraph 14(1). The second situation is governed by paragraph
14(2) and is concerned with an application for a restraint order that is heard
after the company has been wound up.

17 As the Company was already in liquidation at the time of the hearing of
this application, it is paragraph 14(2) that is applicable here. However, the
AG and the Liquidators disagree about the proper interpretation of this
provision. Paragraph 14(2) reads:

Winding up of company holding realisable property

…

(2) Where, in the case of a company, such an order has been made or such a
resolution has been passed, the powers conferred on the General Division of
the High Court by paragraphs 7 to 11 or on a receiver so appointed must not be
exercised in relation to any realisable property held by the company in
relation to which the functions of the liquidator are exercisable —

(a) so as to inhibit the liquidator from exercising those functions for the
purpose of distributing any property held by the company to the company’s
creditors; or

(b) so as to prevent the payment out of any property of expenses (including
the remuneration of the liquidator or any provisional liquidator) properly
incurred in the winding up in respect of the property.

Paragraph 14(5) of the Third Schedule makes clear that the “company” referred
to above means “any company which may be wound up under the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018” (“IRDA”). As the Company is being
wound up under the IRDA, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

HC/ORC 1571/2021 dated 15 March 2021.

it is therefore undisputed that paragraph 14(2) is applicable here. The
question, rather, is how paragraphs 14(2)(a) and 14(2)(b) should be
interpreted.

Paragraph 14(2)(a) of the Third Schedule

The AG’s arguments

18 The AG first notes, in relation to paragraph 14(2)(a), that this provision
concerns the distribution of realisable property to be made to a company’s
creditors. It therefore applies when the grant of a restraint order over
realisable property held by a company in liquidation will: (a) inhibit the
liquidator in exercising his functions; and (b) those functions are being
exercised specifically “for the purpose of distributing any property held by
the company to the company’s creditors”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AWS at para 24.

19 The AG’s position is that paragraph 14(2)(a) only limits the court’s power
to grant a restraint order over realisable property when the liquidator is
specifically seeking to make an actual distribution to a company’s creditors.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AWS at para 26.

The AG submits that this interpretation is “logical, workable, and wholly in
line with the statutory language” of paragraph 14(2)(a), which focuses solely
on the distributive function of this provision, and limits its scope to when
there is actual property to be distributed to creditors. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AWS at para 31.

20 In support of its proposed interpretation, the AG makes several arguments.
First, the AG says that construing paragraph 14(2)(a) narrowly would remove
the uncertainty of possible speculation on the court’s part as to whether, and
how much, realisable property must be given to the company’s liquidator so as
to facilitate a possible eventual distribution of property to the company’s
creditors. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AWS at paras 27(b) and 31.

21 Second, it is contended that the general purpose of restraint orders under
the MACMA is to preserve assets in Singapore that may be the subject of a
foreign confiscation order so that, when the said order is made, assets would
still be available to satisfy it. This is a facet of the MACMA’s overarching
aim of facilitating the provision of international assistance to other
countries in criminal matters and obtaining reciprocal international
assistance. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AWS at para 33.

22 Third, the AG submits that the specific purpose of paragraph 14(2)(a) is to
strike a balance between the domestic insolvency regime and the MACMA regime,
where the same realisable property is the subject of both. The AG further
argues that only the proposed interpretation would result in this specific
purpose being coherent with the general purpose of the MACMA. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AWS at para 35.

The Liquidators’ arguments

23 The Liquidators, on the other hand, contend that the MACMA framework
operates on the rule that the “first in time prevails”. They argue that
whether the insolvency legislation or the MAMCA take priority depends on
whether orders are made under the MACMA before or after a winding up order is
made. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

RWS at para 23.

24 The Liquidators rely on the English Court of Appeal decision of In re
Stanford International Bank Ltd and another [2010] 3 WLR 941 (“In re
Stanford”) interpreting ss 41 and 426 of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (c 29)
(UK) (“POCA”), which are provisions materially similar to paragraphs 7 and 14
of the Third Schedule. They submit that, notwithstanding that the POCA governs
domestic confiscation and insolvency proceedings in the UK, the principles
governing the interpretation of ss 41 and 426 of the POCA should nevertheless
be followed in the interpretation of paragraphs 7 and 14 of the Third
Schedule. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

RWS at para 27.

25 It is also argued on behalf of the Liquidators that the “first in time
prevails” rule provides a practical solution in resolving two sets of
legislation operating simultaneously against the same property, and that the
parliamentary debates in the UK support their interpretation. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

RWS at para 32.

In the round, the Liquidators submit that the “first in time prevails” rule
represents the right balance to be struck between the competing interests of
the public and of the creditors of the insolvent company. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

RWS at para 33.

The proper interpretation of paragraph 14(2)(a)

26 I do not agree with either interpretation of paragraph 14(2)(a) that each
side has put forward. The first in time does not prevail, but neither should
this provision be interpreted as narrowly as the AG contends.

27 In Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock") at
[37], a three-step framework for interpreting a statutory provision was laid
down as follows, requiring a court to:

(a) first, ascertain the possible interpretations of the provision, having
regard not just to the text of the provision but also to the context of that
provision within the written law as a whole;

(b) second, ascertain the legislative purpose or object of the statute; and

(c) third, compare the possible interpretations of the text against the
purposes or objects of the statute.

28 Applying the first step of the framework, while it is clear that paragraph
14(2)(a) accords primacy to the liquidation process in certain situations,
there is indeed some ambiguity as to when that provision applies.
Specifically, what does it mean to “inhibit the liquidator from exercising
those functions for the purpose of distributing any property held by the
company”? As both the AG’s 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AWS at pars 25–26.

and the Liquidators’ arguments 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

RWS at para 23.

have highlighted, there are a few possible interpretations:

(a) a “first in time prevails” rule should apply. That is, whether the
insolvency legislation or the MAMCA take priority depends on whether orders
are made under the MACMA before or after a winding up order is made;

(b) paragraph 14(2)(a) only limits the extent of the court’s power to grant a
restraint order over realisable property when the liquidator is specifically
seeking to make an actual distribution to a company’s creditors; or

(c) paragraph 14(2)(a) extends to all intended action(s) of the liquidator
that are directed towards the eventual goal of distributing property to the
company’s creditors. This would include any investigative work undertaken by
the liquidator, the commencement of claims to potentially recover moneys
owed/due to the company, and other functions of the liquidator, so long as
there is some link between the liquidator’s intended action(s) and the
eventual goal of distribution.

29 With the different possible interpretations of paragraph 14(2)(a) in mind,
I now turn to the second and third stages of the Tan Cheng Bock framework. It
is important here to distinguish between the specific purpose underlying a
particular provision and the general purpose or purposes underlying the
statute as a whole or the relevant part of the statute (see Tan Cheng Bock at
[40]). While the court generally presumes that any specific purpose does not
go against the grain of the relevant general purpose, this is not to say that
the specific purpose can never go against the grain of the general purpose
(see Tan Cheng Bock at [41]). For instance, there will be situations that the
specific purpose of a provision can be to delimit the range of circumstances
to which the general rule and, indeed, the general purpose applies.

30 I find this case to be one of such situations. As the then Minister for Law
Professor S Jayakumar said in the Second Reading of the Mutual Assistance in
Criminal Matters Bill, the general purpose of the MACMA is to give effect to
“Singapore’s commitment to be part of the wider international network of
cooperation in combating crime on a global scale” (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (22 February 2000), vol 71 at col 980). Reinforcing
this is the long title of the MACMA, which states that it is “[a]n Act to
facilitate the provision and obtaining of international assistance in criminal
matters”.

31 It is evident, however, that paragraph 14(2)(a) – and indeed paragraph
14(2) more generally – imposes limitations on the extent to which Singapore
should render international assistance in criminal assistance. By providing
that the power of the court to grant a restraint order under paragraph 7 of
the Third Schedule “must not” be exercised when either paragraphs 14(2)(a) or
14(2)(b) are satisfied, paragraph 14(2) makes clear that primacy is given to
the liquidation process in certain situations where a restraint order is
sought over realisable property after the company has entered into
liquidation. Indeed, the conclusion that paragraph 14(2)(a) limits the powers
of the court is one which “emanate[s] from its words” (see Tan Cheng Bock at
[44]). Accordingly, I agree with the AG’s submission 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AWS at para 34.

that the specific purpose of paragraph 14(2) generally (ie, both paragraphs
14(2)(a) and 14(2)(b)) is not entirely coterminous with the general purpose of
the MACMA; rather, it is to strike a balance between the domestic insolvency
regime and the MACMA regime, where the same realisable property is the subject
of both.

(1) A “first in time prevails” rule does not apply

32 With this specific purpose in mind, I turn to consider the competing
interpretations. It is apt to first consider the Liquidators’ interpretation
(at [28(a)] above), as their position is that the “first in time prevails”
rule is broadly applicable across both paragraphs 14(2)(a) and 14(2)(b). There
is thus the possibility that their interpretation might be dispositive of the
entire application, rendering all other issues moot. However, having
considered the matter, I am of the view that this interpretation should be
rejected.

33 As mentioned above, the Liquidators rely on the English Court of Appeal
decision of In re Stanford in support of this interpretation and, in
particular, the speeches of Arden LJ at [129] and Hughes LJ at [181]. I
however did not consider that these assisted the Liquidators. Arden LJ had
stated in obiter that the policy of the POCA “prevent[s] a defendant using an
insolvency proceeding commenced after a restraint order as a means of
defeating a restraint order” [emphasis in original]. However, as against the
Liquidators’ interpretation, it was clear that Arden LJ also went on, in the
same paragraph, to say that there is “no mention of extending this policy to
insolvency proceedings commenced before a restraint order is made” [emphasis
in original]. Indeed, she observed that the explanatory notes to the POCA make
clear that, in situations where there is a prior insolvency proceeding, there
are circumstances when the insolvency proceeding has priority over the public
interest in restraint and confiscation. As such, in the present application
where there has been a prior insolvency proceeding, I do not think that Arden
LJ’s statements indicate that a “first in time prevails” rule would apply even
if In re Stanford were followed.

34 Importantly, it even appears that Hughes LJ had some reservations about the
“first in time prevails” approach as it would enable a dishonest defendant to
evade the prospect of a confiscation order by conniving to have an insolvency
order made before there could be a restraint order, and the potential for that
to be done with a view to preserving assets for persons claiming to be
creditors but linked in some manner to the defendant would be considerable.
This might result in “unseemly races between insolvency practitioners and
prosecutors”. Nevertheless, the learned Lord Justice ultimately concluded that
he did not have to decide on this question on the facts of that case. As such,
given the obiter nature of the aforesaid statements in In re Stanford and the
clear difficulties in adopting Arden LJ’s approach, I do not think that these
statements represent any definitive position in English law.

35 Even if English law adopts a “first in time prevails” rule, I do not think
that this position can be directly transposed onto Singapore law. On the
contrary, the starting point is that primacy must be given to the text of the
provision and its statutory context (see Tan Cheng Bock at [43]). When
deciding whether any extraneous material should be referred to and/or what
weight should be given to such material, consideration must be given to the
desirability of persons being able to rely on the ordinary meaning conveyed by
the text and to the need to avoid prolonging legal proceedings (see Tan Cheng
Bock at [45]). It is also obvious that, while foreign decisions may be of
persuasive value, they are not binding on Singapore courts. Similarly, while
the Liquidators have sought to rely on the parliamentary debates in the UK, I
do not give much weight to those materials in the absence of any indication
that our Parliament had considered them. Ultimately, fidelity must be had to
the text and context of the statutory provision.

36 In the present application, while I have concluded that the “first in time
prevails” rule is a possible interpretation, it does add an extra gloss to the
wording of paragraph 14(2)(a) which is unsupported by the plain words of the
statute. This all-or-nothing approach does not cohere with the specific
purpose of paragraph 14(2) to strike a balance between the two regimes. On the
contrary, it leaves the outcome of any case to whether the company had
fortuitously entered into a winding up before the hearing of the restraint
order. As Hughes LJ observed, the potential upshot of this approach is that
there might be “unseemly races between insolvency practitioners and
prosecutors” (see In re Stanford at [181]). On this basis, I do not think that
the Liquidators’ interpretation of paragraph 14(2)(a) is correct.

(2) The court’s power to grant a restraint order is not limited to cases where
distribution to the creditors is imminent

37 I also reject the AG’s proposed interpretation (at [28(b)] above) as being
unduly underinclusive since it only restricts the court’s power to grant a
restraint order in the scenario where the liquidator is specifically seeking
to make an actual distribution to the company’s creditors. The result is that
the only scenario where the court’s power to grant a restraint order is
limited is where the liquidation is at such an advanced stage that
distribution would be imminent. Conversely, where distribution is not
imminent, the court’s power to grant a restraint order is not restricted by
the consideration that without access to any funds, the liquidator would not
be able to realise the property of the company in order to carry out her other
functions, such as appointing a solicitor to assist in her duties, or bringing
or defending any action or legal proceeding in the name and on behalf of the
company (see s 144(1)(f) of the IRDA).

38 The AG’s interpretation does not align with the text, context, and purpose
of paragraph 14(2)(a). First, as regards the text and context of this
provision, it bears emphasis that paragraph 14(2)(a) contains the words
“inhibit the liquidator from exercising those functions for the purpose of
distributing any property” [emphasis added], which is not necessarily
coterminous with inhibiting the liquidator from the act of distribution.
Indeed, as an anterior act can be done “for the purpose of” performing a
subsequent act, it stands to reason that the liquidator can exercise other
functions prior to distribution but which ultimately serve the purpose of
distribution. Applying this reasoning, I do not think that the wording of this
provision necessarily suggests that the court’s power to grant a restraint
order is only restricted to situations where granting a restraint order would
inhibit the liquidator from the imminent act of distribution. Had the
legislature intended to limit it in the way argued for by the AG, other
language would have been used.

39 Second, the AG’s interpretation would also be inconsistent with the
specific purpose of paragraph 14(2) to strike a balance between the winding up
regime under the IRDA and the MACMA regime. It would effectively allow the
MACMA regime to take precedence over the winding up regime in most situations,
except when the liquidation process is almost complete. In my view, this
unduly skews the balance in favour of the MACMA regime, resulting in an
extreme outcome which must not have been intended by Parliament. More
fundamentally, this interpretation would render otiose the qualifying words
“for the purpose of” that are situated immediately before the mention of
“distributing any property”, which, when read together, encompass anterior
acts prior to distribution but which are done with the end of distribution in
mind. This is tantamount to an impermissible rewriting of paragraph 14(2)(a),
contrary to the principle that the court should endeavour to give significance
to every word in an enactment (see Tan Cheng Bock at [38]).

(3) The appropriate balance to be struck

40 Having considered the different interpretations, I am of the view that
paragraph 14(2)(a) is not only applicable where granting a restraint order
would inhibit the liquidator from performing the act of distribution itself,
but also where it would inhibit the liquidator from performing other functions
which serve the ultimate end of distribution.

41 I note, preliminarily, that the phrase “distributing any property” in
paragraph 14(2)(a) is not entirely apposite; a liquidator does not, strictly
speaking, distribute property directly. In a winding up, the liquidator takes
in the property of the company, and sells off (or “liquidates”) the assets of
the company, among other things, to bring in funds for distribution to the
various creditors, leaving any balance to the shareholders. Therefore, the
phrase “distributing any property” in paragraph 14(2)(a) must be taken to
refer, more generally, to the distribution of funds derived from the
liquidated assets of the company to its creditors. From this, it is clear that
paragraph 14(2)(a) limits the court’s power to grant a restraint order where
it would inhibit the liquidator from making the actual distribution of funds
from assets which have been liquidated.

42 The question, however, is whether paragraph 14(2)(a) goes further in
restricting the court’s power to grant a restraint order in other
circumstances. This is because the reference to the act of “distributing any
property” does not stand in isolation; indeed, paragraph 14(2)(a) makes
reference to the liquidator “exercising those functions for the purpose of
distributing any property held by the company to the company’s creditors”
[emphasis added]. As explained above at [38]–[39], the phrase “for the purpose
of” appears to extend the scope of paragraph 14(2)(a) to other functions
exercised by the liquidator prior to distribution but which ultimately serve
the purpose of distribution.

43 In my view, this broader interpretation must be correct as it is clearly
consistent with the broad and wide-ranging functions of a liquidator
conducting the winding up of a company. For instance, a liquidator may be
required to, among other functions, compromise any debt due to the company;
sell the immovable and movable property of the company; do all acts and
execute in the name and on behalf of the company all deeds, receipts and other
documents; appoint an agent to do any business which the liquidator is unable
to do himself or herself; and do all such other things as are necessary for
winding up the affairs of the company and distributing its assets (see s
144(2) of the IRDA). Paragraph 14(2)(a) must therefore be taken to cover the
entire liquidation process, at least up to the point of completion of
distribution to the creditors (although, presumably, the distribution of any
balance to the shareholders may fall outside the ambit of this paragraph).
Accordingly, even if a restraint order is granted, the process of the
liquidation would still continue; the liquidation process should not be
allowed to be stymied indefinitely pending a foreign confiscation order. To my
mind, this strikes the appropriate balance between the winding up regime and
the MACMA regime as intended by Parliament.

44 The AG raises four objections against this interpretation, which I now
address.

45 First, I disagree with the AG’s characterisation of this interpretation as
being “unworkable and impractical”. In this regard, the AG contends that this
interpretation would deprive the court of its power to grant a restraint order
in virtually all circumstances as the liquidator can plausibly point to any
future expenses or costs that may potentially be incurred in the general and
ordinary course of the company’s winding up, that may require the use of the
company’s existing funds. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AWS at para 27(a).

In my view, this concern may be overstated as it does not deprive the court of
its power to grant a restraint order in “virtually all circumstances”. The
court’s power to do so is only restricted where it would prevent the
liquidator from exercising her functions; accordingly, the court still has the
power to grant a restraint order over the company’s property to the extent
that the liquidator is still able to carry out her functions.

46 Second, I reject the AG’s contention that this interpretation is unworkable
in practice as the court is not apprised of the full facts and circumstances
of the company’s liquidation and is thus not in any meaningful position to
adjudicate on any claims as to whether (and how much) realisable property must
be given to the company’s liquidator. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AWS at para 27(b).

47 This supposed problem is not insurmountable. At the time when the
application for the restraint order is heard it is not necessary for the
liquidator and the court to predict, with full certainty and precision, the
future expenses that will be incurred. Given that the court has power to vary
or discharge the restraint order (see paragraph 7(5) of the Third Schedule to
the MACMA), it is always open for the court to assess the immediate expenses
that are required for the foreseeable future. Provided that the requirements
in paragraph 14 of the Third Schedule are met, a liquidator may subsequently
apply to court to vary the restraint order to show that the restraint order
against some of the restrained property needs to be lifted in order for the
liquidator to perform his functions.

48 Third, notwithstanding the AG’s argument to the contrary, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AWS at para 30.

I do not think that this interpretation renders paragraph 14(2)(b) of the
Third Schedule nugatory. In this regard, the AG submits that this
interpretation would encompass all liquidation expenses, which the AG says is
a matter that is properly the subject of paragraph 14(2)(b). While it is true
that paragraphs 14(2)(a) and 14(2)(b) would both relate to liquidation
expenses, the function of the two rules are different. While paragraph
14(2)(b) concerns the “payment out” of liquidation expenses, it presupposes
that the company has sufficient assets from which to pay out to begin with. To
ensure that this is so, the court’s power to restrain the property of the
company which could potentially be paid out as liquidation expenses must
accordingly be circumscribed as well. If the company has insufficient
unrestrained assets to begin with, it is unlikely that any liquidator would
continue with her services if it were clear that she would not be reimbursed
from the company’s assets. Therefore, a liquidator would require assurance
that she would be actually paid for her expenses, and paragraph 14(2)(a)
serves precisely this function by restricting the court’s power to grant a
restraint order over property that should be reserved as liquidation expenses,
that would be paid out in the future. This function can only be served by the
adoption of this interpretation, where there is a complete coincidence between
the types of expenses that are covered by paragraphs 14(2)(a) and 14(2)(b). As
such, instead of rendering paragraph 14(2)(b) nugatory, this interpretation of
paragraph 14(2)(a) complements paragraph 14(2)(b) and ensures that the latter
can be given proper effect.

49 Lastly, the AG argues that this interpretation should be rejected on the
basis that that it is at odds with paragraph 14(3) of the Third Schedule,
which expressly stipulates that “[n]othing in the Insolvency, Restructuring
and Dissolution Act 2018 is taken as restricting, or enabling the restriction
of, the exercise of those powers mentioned in [paragraph 14(2)]”. The AG says
that this means that Parliament could not have intended for paragraph 14(2) to
be construed so expansively. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AWS at para 28.

I disagree. While it is stipulated that the provisions in IRDA do not restrict
the court’s power to grant a restraint order, that stipulation does not lead
to any conclusion how the exceptions in MACMA, such as paragraph 14(2), should
be construed.

50 Accordingly, I am of the view that paragraph 14(2)(a) of the Third Schedule
should be read broadly to limit the court’s power to grant a restraint order
over realisable property where it would inhibit the liquidator from performing
the act of distribution to the company’s creditors, as well as other functions
which would serve that ultimate purpose.

Paragraph 14(2)(b) of the Third Schedule

51 I now consider the proper interpretation of paragraph 14(2)(b) of the Third
Schedule, which limits the court’s power to grant a restraint order over
realisable property held by the company in relation to which the functions of
the liquidator are exercisable “so as to prevent the payment out of any
property of expenses (including the remuneration of the liquidator or any
provisional liquidator) properly incurred in the winding up in respect of the
property”.

The AG’s arguments

52 The AG argues that the use of the word “incurred”, by its plain meaning and
past tense, imposes a requirement that the reimbursement of expenses must be
retrospective, rather than prospective. Such expenses must have already been
incurred, the AG contends, relying on the decision of the General Division of
the High Court (“the General Division”) in Carlos Manuel De São Vincente v
Public Prosecutor [2023] SGHC 143 (“Carlos”) at [29] which, in the context of
domestic restraint orders, interpreted s 35(8)(b)(i) of the Criminal Procedure
Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (“Criminal Procedure Code”). As such, the AG says that
the court is only entitled to consider expenses incurred before the making of
a restraint order in deciding the extent to which paragraph 14(2)(b) limits
the court’s power to make that order.

53 Furthermore, it is argued that the Liquidators must prove to the
satisfaction of the court that the expenses had been properly incurred in
order for paragraph 14(2)(b) to be engaged. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AWS at para 38.

The AG also argues that a liquidator can only prove that expenses have been
“properly” incurred after it has been incurred; and thus, it is argued that
this further supports the AG’s interpretation that the reimbursement of
expenses must be retrospective, rather than prospective.

54 Furthermore, it was stressed by the AG during the hearing that these
expenses must be incurred in the winding up “in respect of the property”, and
not the winding up generally. It is argued that, if Parliament had intended
for paragraph 14(2)(b) to include expenses incurred in the winding up
generally, the words “in respect of the property” would not have been added to
qualify the ambit of the provision.

55 Thus, in sum, the AG takes the position there are three elements to be
satisfied under paragraph 14(2)(b): (a) that the expenses have already been
incurred before the making of a restraint order; (b) that these expenses were
proper; and (c) that these expenses were in respect of the realisable
property.

The Liquidators’ arguments

56 In response, the Liquidators argued during the hearing that the word
“incurred” in paragraph 14(2)(b) should not be read restrictively, that
indeed, it should include costs which will be prospectively incurred in the
winding up in respect of the property.

57 The Liquidators argued that if costs to be prospectively incurred could not
be paid to the Liquidators, the Liquidators would be completely hamstrung and
prevented from performing their role, including pursuing claims on behalf of
the Company. This would mean that sums which could be potentially recovered by
the Company would be foregone, as the underlying claims for these recoveries
would soon be time-barred. Considering these practical difficulties, the
Liquidators contended that the restricted interpretation that the AG advances
is an extreme reading of the provision that is contrary to what Parliament
would have intended.

The proper interpretation of paragraph 14(2)(b)

58 It will be recalled that paragraph 14(2)(b) limits the court’s power to
grant a restraint order where it would “prevent the payment out of any
property of expenses (including the remuneration of the liquidator or any
provisional liquidator) properly incurred in the winding up in respect of the
property”. Applying the first stage of the Tan Cheng Bock framework, I find
that both the AG and the Liquidators have advanced possible interpretations of
paragraph 14(2)(b).

59 In this regard, the AG has rightly argued that the use of the word
“incurred” in this provision may suggest that the limitation on the court’s
power to grant a restraint order must be in respect of expenses already
incurred before the making of the restraint order. As for the Liquidators,
they have also advanced a possible interpretation; since there is no express
cut-off date in respect of the expenses which must be properly incurred, it is
possible that the court may also consider, when granting a restraint order,
future expenses that will be properly incurred after the hearing of the
restraint order application.

60 Given these competing interpretations, it is necessary to proceed to the
second and third stages of the framework in Tan Cheng Bock. As with my
discussion on paragraph 14(2)(a), I observe that there are similarly some
issues with the language used in paragraph 14(2)(b). As noted above (at [41]),
the assets of a company are not distributed directly to the creditors but are
instead pooled and liquidated so that the proceeds can be distributed (see,
for eg, the General Division’s decision in Lim Siew Soo v Sembawang Engineers
and Constructors Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) (Metax Eco Solutions Pte
Ltd, intervener) [2021] 4 SLR 556 at [119]).

(1) A liquidator is not restricted to claiming for expenses incurred before
the restraint order is made

61 Nevertheless, it would seem clear that one specific purpose of paragraph
14(2)(b) is to reimburse a liquidator’s expense in carrying out her work and
to remunerate her for the value brought about by her work. Assessed against
this purpose, the AG’s interpretation would appear artificial. Given the tenor
of paragraph 14(2)(b) to favour the payment of reimbursement to the liquidator
for her expenses and to remunerate her for her work, it would be odd if the
amount of remuneration she can claim is arbitrarily determined by the time at
which a restraint order is made. Moreover, given my earlier conclusion that
the liquidation process would still continue and not be stymied indefinitely
even after the court grants a restraint order (at [43] above), it would be
absurd to expect the liquidator to continue on with work even when she would
not be paid for any work done, or reimbursed for her expenses incurred, after
the making of the restraint order.

62 While the AG relies on the General Division’s decision of Carlos in support
of its interpretation, I do not regard this case as being relevant for the
purposes of this application. The case involved the interpretation of s
35(8)(b)(i) of the Criminal Procedure Code, which operates in a different
context from the provisions under the MACMA. Even if the same word is used in
two separate pieces of legislation, it does not always follow that they would
carry the same meaning. The interpretation of a word would depend on the
particular statutory context in question (see Tan Cheng Bock at [54(c)(ii)],
and the meaning of the same word might vary in different contexts (see Hossain
Rakib at [45]).

63 Thus, comparing s 35(8)(b)(i) of the Criminal Procedure Code with paragraph
14(2)(b) of the MACMA, it is evident that the word “incurred” is used in
different contexts. In s 35(8)(b)(i) of the Criminal Procedure Code, the word
“expenses incurred” is used in the context where property has already been
seized, as can be seen below:

35.—(1) A police officer may seize, or prohibit the disposal of or dealing in,
any property …

…

(8) The court may only order a release of property under subsection (7) if it
is satisfied that —

…

(b) such release is necessary exclusively for —

(i) the payment of reasonable professional fees and the reimbursement of any
expenses incurred in connection with the provision of legal services; …

[emphasis added]

As s 35(8) of the Criminal Procedure Code governs the situation where property
already seized is released for the purposes of reimbursement, and one must
prove the sum to be reimbursed, the conclusion in Carlos that the
“reimbursement of expenses be retrospective rather than prospective” (at [29])
is understandable. This is quite different from the context of the MACMA,
where paragraph 14(2)(b) restricts the court’s power to grant a restraint
order at the outset, and which possibly contemplates that any restraint order
granted should not be scoped so widely in the first place where it would
prevent the payment of future expenses properly incurred in the winding up in
respect of the property.

64 In any event, there was no issue of the expenses allegedly incurred in
Carlos being prospective; therefore, I do not think that the statement
contained in that case was intended to conclusively set out a position of law
in Singapore. Indeed, I do not think that Carlos is authority for the
proposition that the expenses referred to in paragraph 14(2)(b) must be
retrospective rather than prospective.

(2) A liquidator’s claim for proper expenses incurred throughout the
liquidation is not affected by a restraint order

65 To give effect to the purpose of paragraph 14(2)(b), which is to reimburse
a liquidator’s expense in carrying out her work and to remunerate her for the
value brought about by her work, I am of the view that it should be read as
restricting the court’s power to grant a restraint order over realisable
property to which the functions are exercisable, if the following elements are
satisfied:

(a) expenses were, or will be, incurred in the winding up in respect of the
property (ie, in the liquidation of realisable property); and

(b) the incurring of such expenses must be proper.

I am more in agreement with the Liquidators’ interpretation of this provision.

(A) Expenses must have been, or will be incurred in the winding up

66 As regards the first element, by reading paragraph 14(2)(b) more broadly to
include expenses that have not been incurred but which will be properly
incurred in the liquidation of realisable property, liquidators would be
provided with greater comfort in knowing that they would be reimbursed for
their expenses, and for the value of their work. This is especially given the
nature of liquidation: that of an ongoing process. It would be unfair to
expect liquidators to carry on with the liquidation process on one hand, and
on the other hand deny their claims for expenses incurred after a particular
point in time, when it is entirely possible that the bulk of the liquidator’s
work and expenses might only be incurred after that point. Thus, I am of the
view that the protection accorded by paragraph 14(2)(b) to liquidators should
not be read so restrictively to the extent that any protection would depend on
the timing at which the restraint order application is brought. Instead, to
give full effect to the protective aim of paragraph 14(2)(b), a restraint
order must also not be granted in relation to expenses that will be properly
incurred in the future. Ultimately, this goes back to the overarching purpose
of paragraph 14(2), which is to strike a balance between the winding up regime
under the IRDA and the MACMA regime (see [31] above). I am satisfied that this
interpretation achieves that balance.

67 Although some concerns were raised during the hearing about the
appropriateness of assessing a liquidator’s future expenses, I do not think
that this problem is insurmountable or poses serious difficulties. The court
routinely engages in exercises of estimation in many types of proceedings that
come before it. To provide an example in the context of an insolvent winding
up application by a creditor, the Court of Appeal in Sun Electric Power Pte
Ltd v RCMA Asia Pte Ltd (formerly known as Tong Teik Pte Ltd) [2021] 2 SLR 478
has adopted a cash flow test that incorporates factors which inherently
involve some degree of projection and estimation. This includes determining
whether the company would receive any other income or payment in the
reasonably near future, whether any debts are due to the company in the
reasonably near future, and whether payment is likely to be demanded for those
debts. Another area where the court has to engage in some degree of projection
is when deciding on the quantum of security for costs; indeed, the court would
consider factors that would aid in its estimation as to the “probable cost to
which the applicant will be put” (see the General Division’s decision of Cova
Group Holdings Ltd v Advanced Submarine Networks Pte Ltd and another [2023]
SGHC 178 at [69], citing Jim Delany, Security for Costs (Law Book Company,
1989) at p 121).

68 Returning to the context of the MACMA, a few non-exhaustive factors that a
court might consider in assessing the projected future expenses of the
liquidator include:

(a) the necessary anticipated work to be done for the remainder of the
liquidation;

(b) whether there is any access to third-party funding; and

(c) whether the past expenses of the liquidator have been reasonable.

69 First, as paragraph 14(2)(b) is meant to provide reassurance that the
liquidator’s expenses will be reimbursed and that her work would be
remunerated, the anticipated work of the liquidator must inform the court’s
assessment of the value of the company’s realisable property that is to be
shielded against a restraint order. Nevertheless, the liquidator must show
that such anticipated work is necessary. Indeed, the requirement of necessity
lends expression to the balance that must be struck between the interest in
not bringing the liquidation process to a complete halt, and the interest in
facilitating the provision and obtaining of international assistance in
criminal matters (see s 3 of the MACMA).

70 Second, the question of whether the liquidator has access to third-party
funding informs the court’s assessment of what is necessary to keep the
liquidation process afoot. If there is access to third-party funding, it
follows that the value of the company’s realisable property that is to be
shielded from a restraint order would be adjusted downwards. This is because
the company would need to liquidate less of its own realisable property in
order to pay for the expenses of the liquidation process.

71 Third, the reasonableness of the past expenses of the liquidator should be
considered as well. Where it can be shown that the liquidator has incurred
significant expenses in the past without making good progress in the
liquidation, the court might infer that the anticipated expenses provided by
the liquidator is not an accurate estimate of what is necessary to conduct the
liquidation. The court might then make a downward adjustment to the estimated
cost provided. This ensures that the interest in facilitating the provision
and obtaining of international assistance in criminal matters would not be
unduly hampered a liquidator’s unnecessary expenses.

(B) The incurring of such expenses must be proper

72 I now turn to the second element, which requires that the incurring of the
aforesaid expenses must be proper. This applies to both past and future
expenses. In relation to future expenses, it can be said that there is overlap
between this element and the factors set out at [67]–[71] above which are
relevant in the application of the first element. Nevertheless, the two
elements are conceptually distinct. The first element relates to the quantum
of expenses that will be incurred, while the second relates to whether such
expenses are justified. It might however be unnecessary to consider these
factors twice over in applying paragraph 14(2)(b), as the determination of
what expenses are necessary in the future will inevitably involve an implicit
consideration of whether such expenses are proper.

73 As for past expenses, the principles governing the remuneration and
reimbursement of a liquidator would apply. In deciding on whether the claimed
expenses are appropriate, factors to consider include: (a) the time spent by
the liquidator on the matter; (b) the value brought to bear by the liquidator;
(c) the reasonableness of the charge out rate; (d) the complexity of the
matter; (e) the effectiveness of what was done; and (f) the functions and
responsibilities of the liquidator (see the High Court decision of Re Econ
Corp Ltd (in provisional liquidation) [2004] 2 SLR(R) 264 (“Re Econ”) at [45],
[47], [50] to [60]). As aptly encapsulated by Steven Chong J (as he then was)
in the High Court decision of Kao Chai-Chau Linda v Fong Wai Lyn Carolyn and
others [2016] 1 SLR 21, the test for whether the claimed remuneration is
proper is whether the sum is a fair, reasonable and proportionate reflection
of the value of the services rendered. The expression “fair, reasonable and
proportionate” should be read holistically: it means that the remuneration
awarded should be commensurate with the nature, complexity and extent of the
work undertaken (at [31] and [38]). I would also add that the standard that a
liquidator has to meet in this inquiry should also be the same as that taken
when the court decides whether reimbursement and remuneration should be
granted to a liquidator in a typical scenario.

74 I also consider the procedure by which an application involving paragraph
14(2)(b) is to be conducted. While there was some discussion during the
hearing about whether a taxation should always be ordered, I do not think that
this is necessary. In this regard, I note that V K Rajah JC (as he then was)
had opined in Re Econ at [70] that the “taxing master [ie, the Registrar] is
in the best position to determine remuneration or at any rate in a better
position than a judge”. The learned judge had referred to the statement of
Hoffmann J (as he then was) in In re Potters Oils Ltd [1986] 1 WLR 201 at 207
that “the court is ill-equipped to conduct a detailed investigation of
receivers’ charges on an itemised basis. A judge could not do so without being
expensively educated by expert evidence”. While this may be true in many
cases, I do not think that Rajah JC had intended to impose an absolute rule;
indeed, the learned judge did not go so far to say that it is mandatory for
the court to order taxation. Neither is such a requirement found in the IRDA
or the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution (Corporate Insolvency and
Restructuring) Rules 2020.

75 Instead, the situation here is not much different from other situations
where the court may determine the sum to be awarded to a party without a
procedure that is similar to that of taxation or an assessment of damages. To
draw an analogy, where the material factual circumstances surrounding costs to
be awarded are not in dispute, it is trite that the court may fix costs
without requiring parties to attend a taxation hearing. It is likewise the
case for damages that may be awarded to a party in the action. By parity of
reasoning, where the material facts concerning the reimbursement and/or
remuneration of a liquidator are not in dispute, the court may determine the
expenses to be awarded to the liquidator without a taxation procedure.

76 Turning to another issue, I would also observe that, where a liquidator
seeks to rely on paragraph 14(2)(b), it is insufficient for her to solely rely
on the statutory grounds in the IRDA to justify her claim. She must still
satisfy the court that the expenses claimed are proper, even if the grounds on
which she relies do not typically require the court’s intervention. Such
grounds are set out in ss 139(3)(a) and 139(3)(b) of the IRDA:

(3) A liquidator, other than the Official Receiver, is entitled to receive
such salary or remuneration by way of percentage or otherwise as is determined
—

(a) by agreement between the liquidator and the committee of inspection, if
any;

(b) failing such agreement, or where there is no committee of inspection, by a
resolution passed, at a meeting of creditors convened in accordance with
subsection (4), by a majority of not less than 75% in value and 50% in number
of the creditors present and voting (in person or by proxy) at the meeting and
whose debts have been admitted for the purpose of voting; or

(c) failing a determination in a manner mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b), by
the Court.

77 There are at least two reasons for this additional requirement. First,
additional considerations apply where a liquidator seeks to rely on paragraph
14(2)(b). In such situations, the court would not merely be concerned with the
interest in ensuring that the liquidator is properly remunerated for her work
and indemnified for her expenses. The court would also have to consider the
interest in facilitating the provision of international assistance to other
countries in criminal matters and to obtain reciprocal international
assistance. Second, it is clear that even in relation to those provisions, the
court retains a supervisory function to confirm or vary the amount that is to
be paid to a liquidator (see ss 139(5) and 139(6) of the IRDA). This much was
made clear by Rajah JC in Re Econ at [37], where the learned judge referred to
Re Medforce Healthcare Services Ltd (In Liquidation) (No 2) [2001] 3 NZLR 158
at [8] for the proposition that “[s]ome guidance can indeed be derived from
the taxation of solicitors’ costs as solicitors, like provisional liquidators,
are officers of the Court whose costs are fixed as part of the supervisory
function of the Court”. This function is especially important when restraint
order applications are made against the assets of a company, as this indicates
that the creditors of the company are not the only group of persons interested
in the assets of the company. Accordingly, I am of the view that, in the
context of paragraph 14(2)(b), the fact that a liquidator has shown that the
requirements in ss 139(3)(a) or 139(3)(b) are satisfied is not conclusive of
the question of whether the expenses claimed are proper. The court must be the
final arbiter of the matter.

Summary of the applicable principles

78 I now summarise the applicable principles in an application under the MACMA
involving paragraph 14(2) of the Third Schedule:

(a) paragraph 14(2)(a), which restricts the court’s power to grant a restraint
order, is not only applicable where granting a restraint order would inhibit
the liquidator from performing the act of distribution itself, but also where
it would inhibit the liquidator from performing other functions which serve
the ultimate end of distribution;

(b) paragraph 14(2)(b) restricts the court’s power to grant a restraint order
over realisable property to which the functions are exercisable, if expenses
were, or will be, incurred in the winding up in respect of the property (ie,
in the liquidation of realisable property), and the incurring of such expenses
was or would be proper;

(i) in relation to the first element, non-exhaustive factors that a court
might consider in assessing the projected future expenses of the liquidator
include: (A) the necessary anticipated work to be done for the remainder of
the liquidation; (B) whether there is any access to third-party funding; and
(C) whether the past expenses of the liquidator have been reasonable;

(ii) the second element applies to both past and future expenses. In relation
to future expenses, it might be unnecessary to consider the second element
separately from the first, as there is overlap. In relation to past expenses,
the principles governing the remuneration and reimbursement of a liquidator
would apply. Factors to consider include: (A) the time spent by the liquidator
on the matter; (B) the value brought to bear by the liquidator; (C) the
reasonableness of the charge out rate; (D) the complexity of the matter; (E)
the effectiveness of what was done; and (F) the functions and responsibilities
of the liquidator. The test for whether the claimed remuneration is proper is
whether the sum is a fair, reasonable and proportionate reflection of the
value of the services rendered, which must be assessed holistically.

(iii) the court may determine the expenses to be awarded to the liquidator
without a taxation procedure; and

(iv) where a liquidator seeks to rely on paragraph 14(2)(b), it is
insufficient for him to solely rely on the statutory grounds in the IRDA to
justify his claim. He must still satisfy the court that the expenses claimed
are proper, even if the grounds on which she relies do not typically require
the court’s intervention.

Conclusion

79 In the premises, I am satisfied that the Restraint Order should be granted
in principle as the statutory requirements for such grant have been fulfilled.
Before the order is granted however, I will give directions on the filing of
submissions specifically on the amount with which the Liquidators should be
allowed to deal.

80 I make no order as to costs.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Andrea Gan Yingtian and Goh Sue Jean (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
applicant;

Balakrishnan Ashok Kumar, Teo Zhiwei Derrick Maximillian, Shu Kit and Nee
Hoong Yi Adriel (BlackOak LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 22 Dec 2023 (15:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

