Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 173

Criminal Case No 62 of 2021

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Tristan Tan Yi Rui  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Tan Yi Rui Tristan

[2023] SGHC 173

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 62 of 2021  
Aedit Abdullah J  
16–19, 23–25, 30 November 2021, 22–24 February, 1 March, 27, 29 September
2022, 12 January, 9 February 2023

21 June 2023

Aedit Abdullah J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Tristan Tan Yi Rui, was charged under s 5(1)(a) read with s
5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”) for
trafficking in a controlled drug, by having in his possession for the purpose
of trafficking a packet containing not less than 337.6g of methamphetamine
(“the Drugs”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Arraigned Charge dated 17 September 2021 at p 1.

Having considered the submissions and the evidence, I found the accused guilty
of the offence and convicted him of the charge. Given that his role had not
been restricted to that of a courier, ie, within the meaning of s 33B(2)(a) of
the MDA, and no certificate of substantive assistance was issued by the Public
Prosecutor, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Notes of Evidence (“NEs”) (9 February 2023) at p 6 lines 8–23, 31–p 7 lines
1–4.

I sentenced him to death pursuant to s 33(1) of the MDA read with the Second
Schedule therein. These Grounds of Decision explain my decision on conviction
and sentence.

Background

2 On the morning of 27 September 2018, a team of Central Narcotics Bureau
(“CNB”) officers proceeded to the area around Fourth Lok Yang Road to conduct
an operation involving PW51 Muhammad Hakam bin Suliman (“Hakam”), 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Agreed Statement of Facts (“ASOF”) at para 2.

who was suspected of being involved in drug activities. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Station Inspector Tay Keng Chye dated 13 August 2020 at para 3
(Agreed Bundle (“AB”) at p 102).

3 At about 6.15pm, the accused, who was driving a white Volkswagen car (“the
white car”), parked outside 3 Fourth Lok Yang Road. PW46 Muhammad Hanis bin
Mohamed Mokhtar (“Hanis”) was seated in the front passenger seat of the white
car. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ASOF at para 3.

4 At about 7.40pm, a green Suzuki car (“the green car”) arrived at 3 Fourth
Lok Yang Road as well. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ASOF at para 4.

Hakam exited the green car and Hanis exited the white car. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ASOF at para 4; Statement of Staff Sergeant Au Yong Hong Mian dated 13 August
2020 at para 5 (AB at p 130).

They met and proceeded to board the white car together, which the accused then
drove to the vicinity of a coffee shop located at 21 Kian Teck Road (“the Kian
Teck Road coffee shop”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ASOF at para 4.

Hanis alighted from the white car and entered the coffee shop for a short
while before returning to the white car. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ASOF at para 4.

The accused then drove the white car back to Fourth Lok Yang Road. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ASOF at para 4.

5 At about 8.20pm, two unknown riders, on motorcycles bearing Malaysian
licence plates, arrived at Fourth Lok Yang Road. One of the unknown riders met
up with Hakam behind the white car. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ASOF at para 5.

Both motorcycles left Fourth Lok Yang Road thereafter. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ASOF at para 5.

6 Shortly thereafter, the accused drove the white car from Fourth Lok Yang
Road to a Housing Development Board (“HDB”) block in Tampines, with Hanis
still seated in the front passenger seat. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASOF at paras 6–7.

Upon arrival, the accused stopped the white car along the service road beside
the block. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ASOF at para 7.

A team of CNB officers then moved in to arrest the accused and Hanis. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ASOF at para 8.

7 The officers proceeded to carry out a search on the white car in the
presence of the accused and Hanis. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ASOF at para 9.

A red and black taped bundle was retrieved from the white car (“the bundle”)
and was thereafter sent to the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for analysis.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ASOF at paras 9 and 16.

The bundle contained a plastic packet, which was found to contain not less
than 499.0g of crystalline substance, which was analysed and found to contain
not less than 337.6g of methamphetamine. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ASOF at para 17.

The parties’ respective cases

The Prosecution’s case

8 The Prosecution submitted that the accused possessed the Drugs, knew the
Drugs to be methamphetamine, and intended to traffic in the Drugs. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions dated 5 December 2022 (“PCS”) at para 14.

The Prosecution sought to prove the accused’s possession of the Drugs and
knowledge of their nature, whilst relying on the presumption under s 17(h) of
the MDA to establish the element of trafficking. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PCS at para 14.

9 The Prosecution relied on a few key pieces of evidence to show that the
accused intended to and did take possession of the Drugs by making
arrangements with an individual known to him as “Hari”, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PCS at para 15.

whom the accused testified had previously supplied him with small amounts of
methamphetamine for his own consumption. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 10 line 29; p 11 line 12.

10 First, the Prosecution relied on messages found on two mobile phones which
allegedly belonged to the accused, “TT-HP1” and “TT-HP2”. The messages on TT-
HP1 allegedly showed the accused’s intention to take possession of the Drugs
knowing that it was methamphetamine, and to traffic in the Drugs. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCS at para 16.

These messages essentially involved negotiations between the user of TT-HP1
and Hari regarding the sale and handover of the Drugs. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Exhibit P96 (Aide Memoire for selected WhatsApp messages extracted from “TT-
HP1”) at pp 1–16.

11 The Prosecution argued that, contrary to the accused’s testimony that TT-
HP1 had been used by other persons, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 34 lines 8–10; p 35 lines 20–21; p 72 lines 1–11.

the accused had in fact been the sole user of TT-HP1, and hence the messages
found on TT-HP1 discussing the sale of drugs on 27 September 2018 had been
sent by the accused. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PCS at para 43.

In support of this argument, the Prosecution relied on personal messages found
on TT-HP1 between the accused and his then-fiancée, PW53 Ho Yan Yan “Sherane”
(“Sherane”), 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PCS at paras 31–39.

which the accused acknowledged had all been sent by him. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 77 lines 9–12.

The Prosecution also contended that the striking similarity in the content of
the messages found on TT-HP1 and the messages found on TT-HP2, which the
accused testified was his personal mobile phone, indicated that the accused
had been the sole user of TT-HP1. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PCS at para 17, 40–43.

12 The Prosecution argued further that “Travis”, the individual whom the
accused testified had passed him TT-HP1 on the day of the arrest, was not a
real person and did not exist outside of the accused’s story. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PCS at para 44.

Instead, “Travis” was the accused’s alias which he used for his drug
transactions. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PCS at para 45.

This was evidenced by messages found on TT-HP2 which showed the accused
telling his friends to contact TT-HP1 for the purpose of drug transactions,
and to address him as “Travis” when doing so. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PCS at para 45(b).

13 Next, the Prosecution relied on the testimony of Hanis, who had been
arrested in the front passenger seat of the white car driven by the accused at
the material time. Hanis testified that the day of the arrest was the first
time he had met the accused and that he was only there to facilitate, on
behalf of Hari, the accused’s collection of the Drugs that evening. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PCS at para 18.

He explained that his role was to “see through” the deal on behalf of Hari. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PCS at para 19.

His evidence was that the accused had taken possession of the bundle from
Hakam, and that the accused had been in the midst of packing his things,
including the bundle, which the accused had placed near the handbrake area of
the white car, at the time of the arrest. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PCS at para 19.

14 Lastly, the Prosecution relied on the presence of the accused’s DNA on the
interior of the bundle to show that he had taken possession of the Drugs. The
Prosecution drew attention specifically to the fact that the DNA was found not
on the exterior surface of the bundle, but rather on the packet wrapped within
it. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PCS at paras 20 and 61.

15 The Prosecution argued that taken together, these key pieces of evidence
proved that the accused had intended to take possession of the Drugs and knew
the Drugs were methamphetamine. First, the fact that the accused was the sole
user and author of the messages found on TT-HP1 showed that he had arranged
for the purchase and receipt of the Drugs. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PCS at para 51.

The element of possession was further supported by Hanis’ evidence of the
accused’s possession of the Drugs as well as the presence of the accused’s DNA
on the packet of methamphetamine which was wrapped within the bundle. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

PCS at paras 56 and 61.

16 As for the element of possession with intention to traffic, the Prosecution
relied on the presumption of trafficking under s 17(h) of the MDA. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PCS at para 73.

The Prosecution argued that the Defence had not succeeded in rebutting this
presumption. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PCS at paras 73 and 79.

Furthermore, the messages on TT-HP1 indicated that the accused had been
actively engaged in trafficking activity. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PCS at paras 77–78.

The accused’s version of events

17 The accused testified that he was a regular drug user and that Hari was his
supplier. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 10 line 29; p 11 line 12.

He would usually buy 1.25g of methamphetamine each time from Hari, which would
last him about three to four days. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 39 lines 5–10; NEs (23 February 2022) at p 3 lines
28–32.

Sometimes, Hari would give the accused drugs for free, in exchange for the
accused doing him favours. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 11 lines 9–10.

These favours usually involved the accused ferrying Hari’s friends around in
his car or helping them to withdraw money. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 34 lines 1–3.

18 The accused testified that on 27 September 2018, at roughly 4am in the
morning, he had called Hari to order some methamphetamine for his own
consumption. They agreed to meet in Bedok for the accused to collect this
order. However, instead of accepting the accused’s payment, Hari declined and
told the accused that if he agreed to do him a favour, Hari would not charge
him for that order. The accused agreed to perform the favour, which was to
accompany Hari, albeit in separate cars, from Bedok to Anson Road and then to
Marina South Pier. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 16 lines 14–26.

19 After accompanying Hari to Marina South Pier, the accused made his way back
to his then-fiancée, Sherane’s, flat in Tampines. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 17 lines 1–6.

However, shortly after he returned to the flat, Hari called him and told him
to meet Travis, one of Hari’s friends, and send Travis to Marina South Pier.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 17 lines 5–11; NEs (23 February 2022) at p 22 line
7–p 23 line 7.

The accused proceeded to meet Travis and to send him to Marina South Pier. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 17 lines 13–20.

After spending some time waiting in the car at Marina South Pier, Travis left
the car and told the accused to meet Hari back in Tampines. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 17 lines 18–26.

It was then that Travis allegedly left the mobile phone, TT-HP1, in the
accused’s car. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 17 lines 18–20.

As observed earlier at [10], the Prosecution’s case relied significantly on
the messages found on TT-HP1. Thus, the questions of the ownership of TT-HP1
and the messages which were found on it were crucial in this case and will be
discussed in greater detail below.

20 After leaving Marina South Pier, the accused returned to Tampines and met
Hari, who then asked the accused to meet Travis again at a nearby multi-storey
carpark. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 17 line 30–p 18 line 10.

Upon meeting Travis at the muti-storey carpark, the accused was asked by
Travis, ostensibly on the instructions of Hari, to meet Hanis, another friend
of Hari’s, at another HDB block in Tampines. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 18 line 12–p 20 line 24.

21 The accused proceeded to meet Hanis, who instructed him to drive to the Lok
Yang area in Tuas. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 21 lines 6–13.

The accused thus drove to Fourth Lok Yang Road with Hanis in his car. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 21 line 19.

Upon reaching Fourth Lok Yang Road, and after waiting for a while, the accused
saw Hanis talking to Hakam outside the car. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 22 lines 13–18.

Thereafter, he drove Hanis and Hakam to get cigarettes and drinks at the Kian
Teck Road coffee shop. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 23 lines 1–4.

He then drove them back to Fourth Lok Yang Road. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 23 lines 20–22.

22 The accused, Hanis and Hakam waited at Fourth Lok Yang Road for some time,
with Hanis and Hakam outside the car, before a motorcycle arrived and stopped
next to the accused’s car. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 25 lines 6–14.

Upon the arrival of the motorcycle, Hanis returned to the passenger seat
whilst Hakam met the motorcyclist. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 25 lines 10–19.

The motorcyclist handed a red plastic bag to Hakam, who handed it to the
accused through the window of the car. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 25 lines 21–25.

The accused took the red plastic bag and passed it to Hanis. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 26 lines 2–6.

Hakam proceeded to hand some money over to the motorcyclist, who then left the
location. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 26 lines 8–25.

Hakam returned to his own vehicle which was across the street, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 26 lines 24–25.

after which the accused and Hanis left Fourth Lok Yang Road for Tampines in
the accused’s car. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 26 lines 27–28.

23 When the accused and Hanis reached Sherane’s block in Tampines, he parked
the car and stepped out of it. It was then that the CNB officers moved in to
arrest him. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 26 line 30–p 27 line 2.

The Defence’s case

24 The Defence argued, in line with the accused’s version of events, that the
messages found on TT-HP1 relating to discussions on the sale of drugs on 27
September 2018 had not been sent by the accused. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defence Closing Submissions dated 6 December 2022 (“DCS”) at para 23.

Instead, TT-HP1 was not the accused’s mobile phone and had in fact been used
by a number of people at the material time. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCS at para 21.

The Defence also contended that “Travis” was not a nickname or alias which the
accused used to conduct drug transactions; instead, Travis was a distinct
person who had sent the messages to Hari found on TT-HP1, arranging for the
transaction on 27 September 2018. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DCS at para 21.

25 The Defence further argued that the Drugs had not been meant for the
accused and instead that Hari and members of his group had purchased the Drugs
for themselves. Thus, the accused had merely been acting as a driver for
Hanis, who had been tasked to collect the Drugs for the group. In support of
this narrative, the Defence relied on WhatsApp conversations between members
of Hari’s group, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DCS at paras 28 and 34.

which will be discussed in greater detail later.

26 Based on the above reasons, the Defence submitted that the accused merely
performed the role of a driver in the transaction involving the Drugs on 27
September 2018, and that he possessed neither knowledge of the nature of the
Drugs nor an intention to traffic in them. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DCS at paras 48 and 54–58.

Hence, the charge was not proven beyond a reasonable doubt. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DCS at para 59.

The issues to be determined

27 The following issues arose for determination:

(a) Common evidential issues going to credibility and strength of evidence.
There were several issues which straddled various elements of the charge, and
which had to be dealt with holistically:

(i) the use of TT-HP1, which underpinned the evidence relied upon by the
Prosecution in respect of the elements of the charge;

(ii) the Defence’s contention that Hari and members of his group had bought
the Drugs for themselves;

(iii) the accused’s actions on the day of the arrest;

(iv) Hanis’ credibility; and

(v) the evidence of PW52 Muhammad Arif bin Roslan (“Arif”) and PW51 Hakam.

(b) The elements of the charge itself, namely:

(i) whether the accused’s possession of the Drugs was established;

(ii) whether the accused’s knowledge of the nature of the Drugs was
established; and

(iii) whether the accused’s possession of the Drugs was for the purpose of
trafficking.

Common evidential issues

The use of the mobile phone TT-HP1

28 The question of the identity of the user of TT-HP1 formed the crux of this
case. This was because the messages found on TT-HP1 involved the user of TT-
HP1 negotiating the purchase and handover of drugs from Hari, with the
handover to take place on 27 September 2018. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Exhibit P96 at p 8 S/Ns 155–159, p 10 S/N 215–p 11 S/N 227.

These messages included an exchange between the user of TT-HP1 and Hari on 25
September 2018, in which the user of TT-HP1 asked if it would be possible to
arrange a sale of drugs before Hari went on a trip for ten days. This exchange
of messages appeared as follows (note that “ESKIMO” was the WhatsApp username
of the user of TT-HP1): 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Exhibit P96 at p 8 S/Ns 155–159.

ESKIMO: Bro really when u are away there isnt at all any way to be able to
arrange my loadings?

ESKIMO: Cos im thinking not only like after this current load

ESKIMO: U away 10 days might need 2 probably or even 3

ESKIMO: [Crying face emoticons]

ESKIMO: Just tell me when all is confirmed

29 On 27 September 2018 itself, the owner of TT-HP1 tried to negotiate with
Hari a reduction in price for the drugs to be handed over and confirmed that
he would be receiving twice the usual order from Hari, since Hari would be
away for ten days. When Hari replied “[i]f [you] don’t want it’s ok”, the user
of TT-HP1 answered “I want of [course]!!!”, thereby confirming that he wished
to proceed with the transaction. The messages are reproduced below (note that
“AYAM REP” was Hari’s WhatsApp username): 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Exhibit P96 at p 10 S/N 215–p 11 S/N 227.

ESKIMO: Anw what i wanna ask u is…the 250 seond will is there a drop in price
or even charge me as 500g nye harge?

AYAM REP: Credit kan?

ESKIMO: Yes credit

ESKIMO: Today im handing over 5400 for as pernormakl order.

ESKIMO: However i will be receiving twice the normal order

ESKIMO: Due to u being 10 days away

ESKIMO: Correct?

AYAM REP: If u don’t want it’s ok

ESKIMO: I want of cos!!!

ESKIMO: Haha

ESKIMO: The 10 days u awayi no need pening kepala

ESKIMO: Its a genius arrangement

ESKIMO: Swear it is

30 Thus, it appears from the exchange between the user of TT-HP1 and Hari that
the user of TT-HP1 had negotiated a deal with Hari for a larger-than-usual
order of drugs, in view of the fact that Hari was going away for 10 days. The
handover of the drugs was to be performed on 27 September 2018, as shown by
the messages “[t]oday im handing over 5400 for as pernormakl order” followed
by “[h]owever i will be receiving twice the normal order”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Exhibit P96 at p 10 S/Ns 218–219.

While the Prosecution sought to rely on the accused’s confirmations during
cross-examination to prove that these exchanges related to the sale of the
Drugs specifically, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

PCS at paras 54 and 71(c); NEs (24 February 2022) at p 39 line 15–p 40 line 3.

the aforesaid confirmations were not a reliable basis on which to establish
such a finding: the accused’s position at trial was that he did not send these
messages, accordingly, the Prosecution’s questioning of the accused on these
WhatsApp messages required the accused to comment on conversations which he
claimed not to have participated in. In this context, the accused’s answers on
what he thought these messages related to were irrelevant in ascertaining what
they were truly about.

31 Nevertheless, it suffices to say that the messages indicated clearly that
the user of TT-HP1 had negotiated for the purchase and handover of drugs from
Hari – the quantity of which was much larger than his usual order – with the
handover to be performed on 27 September 2018. The Prosecution sought to rely
on these messages, which they alleged had been sent by the accused, to show
that the accused had purchased the Drugs from Hari and thus had intended to
take possession of the packet of methamphetamine that was passed to him at the
Lok Yang area on 27 September 2018. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PCS at para 54.

The Prosecution’s case was that TT-HP1 was a mobile phone used by the accused
to conduct his drug transactions, and that he went by the alias “Travis” when
using TT-HP1. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

PCS at para 46.

Thus, the messages sent in TT-HP1 regarding the sale of drugs on 27 September
2018 were in fact sent by the accused, leading to the conclusion that he had
arranged to purchase the Drugs from Hari. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCS at para 51.

32 The fact that these messages involved arrangements between the user of TT-
HP1 and Hari for the sale of the Drugs was not disputed by the Defence. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCS at para 21.

Rather, the Defence submitted that it was Travis, instead of the accused, who
had communicated with Hari to arrange this transaction. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCS at paras 21 and 23.

The Defence’s case was that TT-HP1 was owned by either Hari or Travis and
would only be passed to the accused for the purpose of contacting Hari when he
was carrying out favours for them. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DCS at para 21; NEs (22 February 2022) at p 34 lines 8–10; p 35 lines 20–21; p
72 lines 1–11.

Thus, the messages sent in TT-HP1 regarding the sale of the Drugs were not
sent by the accused, but instead by Travis. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DCS at para 21.

33 I was satisfied beyond any reasonable doubt that TT-HP1 was used by the
accused up to and at the time of the transaction involving the Drugs, and that
the messages sent on TT-HP1 concerning the drug transaction on 27 September
2018 were all sent by him as well. Three pieces of evidence supported this
conclusion: (a) personal messages found on TT-HP1; (b) messages sent from TT-
HP2 to the accused’s contacts; and (c) the striking similarity between
messages sent from TT-HP1 and TT-HP2.

34 First, the messages found on TT-HP1, between the accused and his then-
fiancée, Sherane, were very personal and were not of the sort that would have
been left on a mobile phone that was being shared or used by others. Some
messages involved deeply personal quarrels between the accused and Sherane. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Exhibit P96 at pp 57–78.

Other messages involved the sharing of individual thoughts and concerns 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Exhibit P96 at p 61.

and the arrangement of daily errands such as sending their child to school 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Exhibit P96 at p 60 S/Ns 73–85; p 71 S/Ns 329–335; pp 72–73 S/Ns 362–393.

– matters which were unlikely to be discussed on a phone which was allegedly
used by other persons and only passed to the accused when he was doing favours
for Hari and Travis. The existence of these personal messages on TT-HP1
indicated that the accused was the sole user of TT-HP1.

35 Second, messages sent from both TT-HP1 and TT-HP2 to the accused’s contacts
showed that TT-HP1 belonged to the accused and was used by him to conduct drug
transactions. The accused acknowledged that TT-HP2 was his own personal mobile
phone. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 60 lines 25–26; NEs (23 February 2022) at p 10
lines 4–8.

When the accused’s contact, saved in TT-HP2 as “CHUN HOWE A P K” (“Chun
Howe”), messaged the accused on TT-HP2 asking for help to secure drugs, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 41 line 17–p 42 line 10.

the accused sent him the number for TT-HP1, telling him to “[c]ontact that
number” and characterising it as “[m]y other numbet [sic]”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 41 line 27–p 42 line 4; p 42 lines 22–31; Exhibit
P-CD3 at Annex E p 83 S/Ns 1905 and 1907.

When cross-examined on why he told Chun Howe this, the accused replied “I
don’t know why” and “it’s just the other number I’m holding”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 43 lines 8–12.

36 Similarly, when communicating with another contact, “AH BOI Y S L” (“Ah
Boi”), on TT-HP2 regarding the acquisition of drugs, the accused was asked by
Ah Boi “U got any other nicknames to call u?”, to which the accused replied
“Travis”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 43 line 17–p 44 line 4; Exhibit P-CD3 at Annex E p
472 S/Ns 10788–10789.

He then told Ah Boi “[m]y this line name Travis”, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 44 lines 8–10; Exhibit P-CD3 at Annex E p 471 S/N
10790.

before sending him the number for TT-HP1. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 44 lines 16–18; Exhibit P-CD3 at Annex E p 472 S/N
10796.

About an hour later, Ah Boi messaged TT-HP1, asking to purchase drugs. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 47 line 20–p 48 line 22; Exhibit P-CD2 at Annex C
p 397 S/Ns 1883–1887.

37 Taken together, the messages between the accused, Chun Howe, and Ah Boi
showed that the accused had used TT-HP1 for drug transactions, and, when asked
by his contacts for drugs, had indicated to them in the messages on his
personal mobile phone TT-HP2 that TT-HP1 was his other phone which they should
contact for the purpose of arranging drug purchases. The accused also told Ah
Boi to address him as “Travis” when contacting TT-HP1 – this indicated that
“Travis” was an alias which the accused used when conducting drug transactions
on TT-HP1.

38 Other messages on TT-HP1 indicated that the accused’s contacts knew that
they were communicating with the accused when they messaged TT-HP1. For
example, a series of messages between the user of TT-HP1 and “STEPH” (“Steph”)
on 18 August 2018 showed them discussing orders of drugs. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Exhibit P96 at p 32 S/N 1–p 33 S/N 25, NEs (24 February 2022) at p 34 lines
5–12.

In one of these messages, Steph told the user of TT-HP1 “[o]ne day you at sch
nearby hear I shout TRISTANNNN you must come down save me”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Exhibit P96 at p 32 S/N 20.

The accused confirmed in cross-examination that Steph was one of his friends.
98

##### Foot Note 98

×

NEs (24 February 2022) at p 34 lines 2–4.

Similarly, in a conversation between the user of TT-HP1 and “TIN AV” (“Tin
AV”) on 14 July 2018, Tin AV opened the conversation by simply saying “Tris”,
to which the user of TT-HP1 replied “Yes”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Exhibit P-CD2 at Annex C p 9678, S/Ns 47404–47405.

After agreeing on a purchase of drugs and its collection from the accused’s
house, Tin AV asked “Tris? You coming now? If not [I] can go meet you”, to
which the user of TT-HP1 replied “U come over”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Exhibit P-CD2 at Annex C p 9681, S/Ns 47417–47418.

39 These messages between the user of TT-HP1, Steph, and Tin AV showed that
both Steph and Tin AV were aware, without any prompting from the user of TT-
HP1, that they would be communicating with the accused by messaging TT-HP1.
This was not consistent with the accused’s account that TT-HP1 was being used
by multiple persons and would only be with him on occasions where he was out
doing favours for Hari or Travis. Rather, the messages from Steph and Tin AV
suggested that the accused was the sole user of TT-HP1, and his contacts knew
that. The replies from the user of TT-HP1, which did not correct Steph and TIN
AV’s addressing of him as “Tris” or “Tristan”, were also telling – they showed
that each time, it was the accused who had replied to the messages on TT-HP1.

40 Lastly, there were messages sent from TT-HP1 regarding drug transactions
which the accused claimed were not sent by him, but which bore remarkable
similarities to messages sent from TT-HP2, his personal mobile phone. On 30
July 2018, the accused, using TT-HP2, complained to Sherane about the quality
of a shipment of methamphetamine which he had received. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

P96 at p 61 S/Ns 100–103; NEs (23 February 2022 at p 69 lines 19–21.

The following day, on 31 July 2018, the user of TT-HP1 sent a message to Hari
and “Hong Taxi 1”, another contact, informing them that there was an issue
with a shipment of methamphetamine and attempting to assure them that the
issue would be resolved. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 69 line 1–p 70 line 14; P96 at pp 1–2 S/Ns 15–18,
pp 35–36 S/Ns 35–37.

41 On another occasion, the user of TT-HP1 sent messages to Hari at around 5am
on 27 September 2018, expressing alarm and surprise that a meeting at Marina
South Pier was supposed to have taken place at 5am instead of 5pm. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Exhibit P96 at pp 9–10 S/Ns 196–206.

The accused denied having been the user of TT-HP1 at that time. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 68 lines 10–14.

The messages read as follows: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Exhibit P-CD2 at Annex C pp 2827–2830 S/Ns 13610–13623.

AYAM REP: Wry?

AYAM REP: Takmo kecoh bro….

ESKIMO: Hey bro

ESKIMO: Im home

ESKIMO: What happen?

AYAM REP: 0500hrs

ESKIMO: HUH??

ESKIMO: We pagi???

AYAM REP: Yest I tell u bro

ESKIMO: I thot was pm!

ESKIMO: I know its 5

AYAM REP: No bro..they are at msp already

ESKIMO: Omg its now???!!!

ESKIMO: Fuck im flying down

42 At around 8am on 27 September 2018, the accused sent a series of messages
to Sherane on TT-HP2, expressing similar unhappiness about a mix-up in timing
for a meeting which took place in the morning but which the accused had
thought was scheduled for the afternoon. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 65 line 22–p 66 line 24.

The messages read as follows: 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Exhibit P-CD3 at Annex E p 281 S/Ns 6443–6449.

Tristan: Im at msp now waitung ti load

Tristan: Omg had a major miscounication ytd

Tristan: My guy said standby from 630 to 830

Tristan: Obviously since when is morning right?

Tristan: This fucking time its am. Morning

43 These conversations showed a striking similarity in the content of the
messages sent from TT-HP1 and TT-HP2 regarding the drug transactions. These
messages did not merely describe a strikingly similar mix-up but also bore
similarity in the feelings and sentiments which the sender of the messages
expressed. This indicated that the messages on both phones had been sent by
the same person – ie, the accused.

44 Overall, the overwhelming weight of the evidence was in favour of the
conclusion that TT-HP1 had been used solely by the accused, primarily for the
purpose of conducting drug transactions. First, he used TT-HP1 to discuss
personal matters with his then-fiancée, Sherane. He also sent messages from
TT-HP2 telling his contacts to contact him on TT-HP1 for the purpose of
discussing drug transactions. Despite him telling them to address him as
“Travis” when contacting TT-HP1, some of the accused’s contacts continued to
address him as “Tristan” or “Tris”, and he did not correct them when they did
so. Finally, the messages sent on TT-HP1 and TT-HP2 were on some occasions so
similar in content, feelings, and sentiments as to lead to the conclusion that
they must have been sent by the same person, namely the accused.

45 All of this supported the narrative that TT-HP1 was the accused’s own
mobile phone, which he used to conduct drug transactions and which he
attempted to distance himself from by asking others to call him “Travis” when
sending messages to that phone. In contrast, the Defence contended that TT-HP1
had been used by various persons, and that on 27 September 2018, the accused
had only used TT-HP1 at certain times, ie, when the phone had been passed to
him by Travis. Specifically, the accused testified that Travis had left TT-HP1
with him at Marina South Pier sometime in the afternoon of 27 September 2018,
such that the messages sent from TT-HP1 to Hari prior to 3.03pm had been sent
by Travis, but the messages sent from TT-HP1 to Hari from 3.03pm until 3.29pm
had been sent by the accused. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 75 lines 17–25; NEs (23 February 2022) at p 56
lines 4–15.

The accused testified that the messages sent to Hari after 3.29pm had been
sent by Travis, as the accused had met with Travis again back at Tampines. The
accused explained that Travis had taken over the phone until 5.30pm, which had
been when he left TT-HP1 with the accused again, and after which the messages
sent to Hari had all been sent by the accused. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 56 line 16–p 57 line 4.

46 However, even putting aside the various threads of evidence which showed
that the accused had been the sole user of TT-HP1, there were other
inconsistencies with the Defence’s account relating to the use of TT-HP1.
First, while the accused testified that on 27 September 2018 TT-HP1 had been
first left in his use at 3.03pm, he had in fact been messaging Sherane on TT-
HP1 from as early as 12.11pm: 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 60 lines 20–28.

Sherane had messaged TT-HP1 at 12.11pm to ask the accused where he was, to
which the accused replied “Msp”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Exhibit P96 at p 73 S/Ns 399–400.

When cross-examined on this apparent inconsistency, the accused’s only
explanation for it was that at 12pm, he had been waiting with Travis at Marina
South Pier, and that “[i]f Sherane messaged this phone, Travis would have
passed [it] to me”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 61 lines 1–8.

I did not find this explanation to be convincing as it seemed to be contrived
and ad hoc. Furthermore, and quite tellingly, it was Sherane who first
messaged the accused at 12.11pm, asking him where he was. This showed that
Sherane was confident that the accused would be using the phone at the time
and thus she contacted TT-HP1 directly with the expectation that the accused
would reply. This did not comport with the accused’s account that TT-HP1 would
only have been with him sporadically. When questioned on this, the accused
simply answered that he had been using TT-HP1 so much that Sherane would just
contact him there. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 63 lines 8–14.

This explanation was not convincing either, as it likewise did not comport
with the accused’s evidence that TT-HP1 would only have been used by him
sporadically, whenever he was doing favours for Hari or Travis. Instead, I
found that these inconsistencies were best explained by the Prosecution’s
account that the accused had always been the sole user of TT-HP1 and Sherane
had been aware of this.

47 The time periods during which Travis allegedly had TT-HP1 also seemed
remarkably convenient for the accused’s case. They all coincided with the
timing of messages which related to the drug transaction on 27 September 2018.
First, the accused testified that prior to 3.03pm, all messages sent from TT-
HP1 to Hari on 27 September 2018 had been sent by Travis. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Exhibit P96 at p 19 S/N 341; NEs (22 February 2022) at p 75 lines 15–18; NEs
(23 February 2022) at p 55 lines 29–p 56 line 3; NEs (24 February 2022) at p
43 lines 13–19.

These included the messages relating to the discussion of the sale and
handover of drugs on that day. Next, the accused testified that from 3.03pm to
3.29pm, the messages sent from TT-HP1 to Hari had been sent by him. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 75 line 30; NEs (23 February 2022) at p 56 lines
4–9.

These messages did not relate to the drug transaction and were not
incriminating. However, for the time period between 3.29pm and 5.30pm, during
which the messages sent from TT-HP1 to Hari had discussed the price of the
drugs, 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Exhibit P96 at p 18 S/Ns 325–340.

the accused testified that Travis had taken over the phone again. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 56 lines 16–19.

And at the precise moment when the messages switched from discussing the price
for the drugs to other matters – there was a gap of only 14 seconds between
the last message at 5.30.01pm discussing the drug transaction (which the
accused testified Travis had sent) and the next message at 5.30.15pm
comprising a photograph of a book (which the accused testified had been sent
by himself to Hari) 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 56 lines 23–27; p 57 lines 5–10.

– the accused testified that he had taken over the phone from Travis. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Exhibit P96 at p 19 S/N 341; NEs (23 February 2022) at p 57 lines 5–19.

Overall, this account of the phone being passed to-and-fro between the accused
and Travis on 27 September 2018, with Travis conveniently, at least for the
purposes of the accused’s defence, having possession of it whenever
incriminating messages were sent to Hari, was not believable and appeared to
have been intricately constructed to dissociate the accused from these
messages.

48 Furthermore, the accused’s account and explanations had to be considered
against all the evidence discussed above – including the accused’s personal
messages found on TT-HP1, the messages on TT-HP2 telling his friends to
contact him on TT-HP1, and the similarities between the messages on both
phones – which showed that TT-HP1 had been used solely by the accused and
primarily for the purpose of conducting drug transactions. In light of all
these reasons, I did not accept the Defence’s arguments relating to the use of
TT-HP1. The evidence clearly did not comport with the accused’s account that
TT-HP1 would only be passed to the accused by Hari or Travis on the occasions
when he was out doing favours for them and for the limited purpose of
contacting Hari. Thus, I was satisfied that TT-HP1 was used solely by the
accused and therefore that the messages sent on TT-HP1 negotiating the sale of
drugs on 27 September 2018 were sent by him.

The Defence’s contention that Hari and members of his group bought the Drugs
for themselves

49 The Defence argued, in line with its overall version of events, that the
accused did not intend to purchase the Drugs and the Drugs were not meant for
the accused. Rather, Hari and the members of his group were the ones who had
planned to purchase the Drugs, and the accused had merely acted as a driver
for Hanis, who had been tasked to collect the Drugs. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

DCS at para 3.

Thus, the accused did not have possession of the Drugs for the purpose of
trafficking. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DCS at para 3.

50 In support of this theory, the Defence relied on WhatsApp messages found on
Hanis’ handphone, “MHB-HP2”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

DCS at para 33.

First, the Defence contended that two WhatsApp messages between Hanis and Hari
on 27 September 2018 showed that the Drugs were not meant for the accused. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

DCS at para 28.

The first message, sent by Hari to Hanis concerning the transaction involving
the Drugs, read “[a]nd don’t disclose anything”, to which Hanis responded with
the second message, which was an emoticon of a smirking face. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DCS at para 29; AB at p 230.

During cross-examination, Hanis testified that he assumed, by Hari’s message,
that Hari did not want Hanis to introduce one of Hari’s friends, known as
“Luffy”, to the accused. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

DCS at para 30; NEs (24 November 2021) at p 5 lines 14–16, 30–32–p 6 lines
1–2.

However, the Defence argued that Hanis was not being truthful in court, and
that these messages showed instead that Hari did not want Hanis to disclose
anything about their drug deal, which also involved Luffy, to the accused. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

DCS at para 31.

51 The Defence also submitted that certain WhatsApp messages between Hari and
the members of his group; namely Hanis, Luffy and another individual known as
“Cico2”, showed that they had planned to buy the Drugs for themselves. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

DCS at paras 33–43; Exhibit D4 (WhatsApp messages between Hanis and Cico2 on
27 September 2018 from 4:32am onwards); Exhibit D7 (WhatsApp messages between
Hanis, Cico2, Hari, and Luffy on 27 September 2018).

First, the Defence referred to a conversation between Cico2 and Hanis on 27
September 2018 where Cico2 informed Hanis that Hari had a drug order for
$9,200. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DCS at para 35, Exhibit D4 at p 1 S/N 2.

Next, the Defence referred to a group chat created by Cico2 on the morning of
27 September 2018 which included Hari, Hanis, Cico2 and Luffy. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DCS at para 37; Exhibit D7.

These messages essentially involved discussions between the members of the
group regarding the sale and collection of the Drugs on that day. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

DCS at para 39–41; Exhibit D7.

52 The Defence’s contention that Hari and his group bought the Drugs for
themselves was not credible. In relation to the conversation between Hanis and
Hari where Hari told Hanis “[a]nd don’t disclose anything”, the messages
appeared to support Hanis’ evidence that Hari had not wanted Hanis to
introduce Luffy to the accused. A few messages after Hari told Hanis “don’t
disclose anything”, he told Hanis “[the accused] is not to meet anybody…only
u”, followed by the message “[o]nly u n me can meet laffy”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

AB at p 231.

Thus, this exchange did not show that the accused had not known about the drug
transaction and/or that he was being kept in the dark about it; rather, it
seemed to concern Hari’s desire to conceal the identity of one of his contacts
from the accused.

53 As regards the messages between Cico2 and Hanis as well as the group chat
which included Hari and the members of his group, these did not show that the
Drugs had been purchased by the group for themselves rather than for the
accused. The conversation between Cico2 and Hanis simply involved Cico2
informing Hanis that Hari had a drug order for $9,200. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Exhibit D4 at p 1 S/N 2.

The messages in the group chat involved arrangements being made, by Hari’s
group, for the collection of the Drugs. For example, Cico2 messaged the group
on the morning of 27 September 2018 “[s]o now we are waiting for the
confirmation of time, place and amount to give upon collection of the 500g”.
133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Exhibit D7 at p 1 S/N 3.

Other messages concerned the price for the Drugs as well as arrangements for
payment, with Cico2 messaging the group “we will agree on 9.2 for 500g”, to
which Luffy replies “[c]an”, and Cico2 later says “[s]o wat we have now is
7k..and we are asking whether the balance of 2.2k can be settled in 4 days”.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Exhibit D7 at p 2 S/Ns 12–13; p 3 S/N 19.

Although these messages were not clear on who exactly was making payment and
to whom, it suffices to note that the discussion of collection and payment for
the Drugs by members of Hari’s group was not inconsistent with the narrative
borne out by the accused’s messages on TT-HP1. The messages on TT-HP1 showed
the accused negotiating with Hari for the purchase and handover of drugs on 27
September 2018; hence, Hari was acting as his supplier in this transaction and
presumably procured the drugs from another source. Indeed, the accused himself
testified that at the Lok Yang area, the red plastic bag containing the bundle
and the packet of drugs had been handed over to Hakam by one of the
motorcyclists riding a Malaysian-registered motorcycle. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 25 lines 21–23.

Thus, the discussion between members of Hari’s group regarding the collection
of and payment for the Drugs was not inconsistent with Hari’s role as the
accused’s supplier and the accused’s role as the buyer and ultimate recipient
of the Drugs. Members of Hari’s group would have had to arrange for the
collection of the Drugs from a source, which appeared to be precisely what
they were doing in the WhatsApp conversations. Thus, the messages did not
support the Defence’s submission that the Drugs were being purchased by
members of Hari’s group rather than the accused himself, and that the accused
had merely been acting as a driver on that day.

The accused’s actions on the day of the arrest

54 The accused’s account of the events on 27 September 2018 showed him going
through a rather circuitous and long-drawn sequence of driving to various
destinations and waiting at several of these destinations for many hours. The
day began with him driving from Sherane’s flat in Tampines to meet Hari at
Bedok, slightly after 4am. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 11 lines 23–25, 32–p 12 line 1.

After meeting Hari, the two of them drove, in separate cars, to Anson Road.
137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 14 lines 8–12.

They reached Anson Road at around 6am, following which the accused waited in
his car for what he agreed to be “quite a while”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 16 lines 4–7.

Closer to 7am, Hari told the accused to drive to Marina South Pier, which he
did, and there he waited for some time again. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 18 lines 25–27; p 19 lines 20–21.

After waiting at Marina South Pier, Hari told the accused to drive back home.
140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 21 lines 1–3.

This was at around 9–10am. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 22 line 3.

However, shortly after returning to Sherane’s flat, the accused got a phone
call from Hari telling him to pick Travis up from another block in Tampines
and to send him to Marina South Pier. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 22 line 29–p 23 line 7.

At this stage, the accused had been driving around according to Hari’s
instructions for around seven hours, which he testified was already the
longest such session to date. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 23 lines 14–17.

55 After driving Travis to Marina South Pier, the accused waited there for
what he agreed was probably “1 or 2 hours”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 25 lines 21–22.

Eventually, Travis left the car and told the accused to drive back to Tampines
to meet Hari. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 26 lines 27–29.

At this point, more than eight hours had passed since the accused started
driving at 4am in the morning, and he testified that at this time he still did
not know why he was being asked to drive around and wait at these various
locations. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 28 lines 9–12.

56 Upon meeting the accused in Tampines, Hari told the accused to meet Travis
again at a nearby block. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 30 lines 27–30.

Travis then told the accused to drive to meet Hanis at another block in
Tampines. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 35 lines 1–5.

The accused did so and was then instructed by Hanis to drive to the Lok Yang
area in Tuas. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 21 lines 6–13.

There, in the accused’s words, “there was a lot of waiting”, 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 25 line 6.

before the drug transaction finally took place at around 8.20pm. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

ASOF at para 5.

After that, the accused drove back to Sherane’s block in Tampines, whereupon
he was arrested when he got out of the car.

57 Thus, the accused’s account of the events on 27 September 2018 involved him
driving to various locations, some of them repeated ones, and waiting for long
periods of time at several locations. The truth of some of the details
provided by the accused was doubtful; for example, given the finding that
Travis was not a real person and was instead the accused’s alias, it was
unclear what exactly happened during the times the accused testified to have
met and spent time with Travis. Nevertheless, the important part of the
accused’s testimony was that he had spent more than 16 hours (from 4am till
past 8pm) driving around according to Hari’s instructions. The fact that he
had spent time driving to and waiting at various locations on that day was
corroborated by messages sent by him to Sherane from both TT-HP1 and TT-HP2.
On TT-HP2, the accused had messaged Sherane at 8.21am on 27 September 2018,
telling her “Im at msp now waitung ti load”. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

P-CD3 at Annex E p 281 S/N 6443.

This corroborated his account of having waited at Marina South Pier that
morning. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 18 lines 25–27; p 19 lines 20–21.

On TT-HP1, the accused had told Sherane at 12.11pm that he was at “Msp”, 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

P-CD2 at Annex C p 6085 S/N 29512.

which corroborated his evidence that he had returned to Marina South Pier
sometime around noon. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 24 line 31–p 25 line 1.

Later that day, at 7.47pm, the accused messaged Sherane on TT-HP1 saying that
he was “[l]oading still”. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

P-CD2 at Annex C p 6089 S/N 29529.

When asked by her “[w]hy so Long one?”, 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

P-CD2 at Annex C p 6089 S/N 29530.

he replied “[f]rom mornihgntill night”, followed by “[h]aven even got shit”.
158

##### Foot Note 158

×

P-CD2 at Annex C p 6089 S/N 29531; p 6090 S/N 29535.

This corroborated his account that he had spent much of the day waiting for
protracted periods of time.

58 The accused further testified that, throughout the day, he did not even ask
why he was being instructed to drive to the various locations and to wait at
them. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 13 lines 29–30; p 20 lines 8–9; p 23 lines 18–26.

Only on one occasion – early in the morning at Anson Road – did he testify to
having asked Hari what they were waiting there for. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 17 line 3.

However, when cross-examined on what Hari’s answer was, the accused stated
that he could not remember. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 17 lines 7, 11–12.

In relation to the time spent waiting at the Lok Yang area, when cross-
examined on what he thought he was waiting there for, the accused replied “I
don’t know what [was] it all about”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NEs (1 March 2022) at p 17 line 26.

59 The explanation the accused gave for going along with Hari’s instructions
throughout the day was that he was already happy to have received 1.25g of
free methamphetamine from Hari when they first met at Bedok. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 13 lines 16–18; p 20 lines 11–15.

He also added that he thought that by continuing to follow Hari’s
instructions, he might receive additional drugs. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 20 lines 28–31.

He testified that he felt that day’s events had been “just like all the other
times”, referring to other instances where he had performed favours for Hari,
165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 29 line 7.

and that he had decided to just “go along with it” 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 29 line 15.

and “go with the flow”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 31 line 32.

This was despite his admission that what he was asked to do that day had been
different from the usual favours of ferrying Hari’s friends around and
withdrawing money, 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 17 line 26–p 18 line 3; p 18 lines 12–14.

as well as the fact that that session of doing favours for Hari had been by
far the longest one yet. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 23 line 15.

60 On the whole, I found it implausible that the accused had been willing to
follow Hari’s instructions throughout the day, spending an inordinate amount
of time driving in a circuitous sequence whilst waiting for many hours at
various locations, simply because he was happy to have obtained 1.25g of free
methamphetamine and because Hari might have given him additional free drugs.
The enticement from the small amount of free drugs was far too low to justify
the tiresome sequence of tasks the accused was asked to do that day. It was
also particularly striking that the accused did not ask and was not told at
any point why he was being asked to follow the instructions, and yet he
continued to comply. This lack of questions from the accused did not comport
with the image of a person who had no idea as to why he was being asked to
perform these strange favours.

61 Rather, I accepted the Prosecution’s argument that in line with the
narrative borne out by the messages in TT-HP1, which showed the accused
negotiating for the sale and handover of drugs from Hari on 27 September 2018,
the accused had followed Hari’s instructions throughout that day with a view
to eventually taking possession of the Drugs at some point. Furthermore, the
messages cited above at [57] from TT-HP1 to Sherane showed that the accused
had known that he had been involved in “loading” throughout the day, since he
told her in the morning “Im at msp now waitung ti load” 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

P-CD3 at Annex E p 281 S/N 6443.

and later in the evening “[l]oading still”. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

P-CD2 at Annex C p 6089 S/N 29529.

When the accused was at the Lok Yang area, 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

ASOF at para 4.

he had also messaged Sherane “[a]nything happen watch where [I] go”, followed
a while later by “[d]ealing right now … heart thumping harder n faster”. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Exhibit P96 at p 74 S/Ns 412–413, p 78 S/N 466.

All these messages showed that contrary to the accused’s account, he had been
aware that the events that day were all related to the “loading” of drugs.

62 Thus, the more credible explanation for the accused’s actions on the day of
arrest was not that he had innocently followed Hari’s instructions because he
was happy to have received some free drugs and wanted to get more, but rather
that he had followed Hari’s instructions in order to ultimately receive the
Drugs. This reason – the prospect of receiving the Drugs at the end of the day
– carried the necessary inducement for the accused to tolerate the tedious
sequence of driving to and waiting at various locations.

Hanis’ credibility

63 The credibility of Hanis’ evidence was also an important issue in the
present case. Hanis had accompanied the accused, on Hari’s instructions, to
the Lok Yang area. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

NEs (23 November 2021) at p 68 line 15–p 69 line 2.

There, Hanis had met up with Hakam, 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 22 lines 13–18.

and was later seated in the passenger seat of the accused’s vehicle when Hakam
passed the red and black bundle to the accused through the window of the
vehicle. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 25 lines 10–19.

64 The Prosecution relied on several key parts of Hanis’ evidence. First,
Hanis testified that his role in the transaction on 27 September 2018 had been
to facilitate the accused’s collection of the Drugs on behalf of Hari. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

NEs (23 November 2021) at p 66 lines 15–23; p 67 lines 20–21; p 68 lines 4–6.

He also gave evidence that the accused had taken possession of the bundle when
Hakam passed it to the accused through the vehicle window. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

NEs (23 November 2021) at p 74 line 17–p 75 line 12.

The Prosecution relied on these parts of Hanis’ evidence to show that the
accused had in fact taken possession of the Drugs that evening. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

PCS at paras 56 and 60.

65 Hanis’ evidence was also important for refuting the Defence’s case that
Hari and the members of his group had intended to purchase the Drugs for
themselves, and that Hanis was supposed to collect the Drugs on behalf of
them. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

DCS at para 43.

In the first place, his evidence that he had acted as a middleman to
facilitate the accused’s collection of the Drugs refuted the Defence’s
contention that Hari and the members of his group had been the intended
ultimate recipients of the Drugs. The Defence also cross-examined Hanis on the
messages found on his handphone, “MHB-HP2” (which have been discussed above at
[50]–[51]) and suggested to him that the messages supported the theory that
Hanis was supposed to have taken possession of the Drugs that evening on
behalf of his group. However, as observed above at [50] and [52], Hanis
testified that the messages from Hari asking him not to disclose anything to
the accused related to the concealment of Luffy’s identity, as opposed to the
Defence’s submission that Hari was trying to keep the accused in the dark with
respect to the drug transaction. Overall, he disagreed with the Defence’s
theory that he, rather than the accused, was supposed to take possession of
the Drugs. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NEs (24 November 2021) at p 76 line 30–p 77 line 2.

66 The Defence sought to discredit Hanis’ evidence, contending that Hanis had
lied during the investigations regarding his involvement and that he would
have wanted to avoid a capital charge. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

DCS at para 44.

The Defence put to Hanis, at trial, that in order to escape a capital charge
for being the one in possession of the Drugs, he had to testify that the Drugs
were meant for the accused and that he had merely been helping the accused to
collect the Drugs. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NEs (25 November 2021) at p 41 lines 10–14.

Hanis disagreed. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

NEs (25 November 2021) at p 41 line 15.

67 I found Hanis to be a credible witness despite his involvement in the
criminal activity and his attempts to downplay his role in the transaction,
which included his repeated emphasis at trial that his role was that of a
middleman only 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NEs (23 November 2021) at p 66 line 20; NEs (24 November 2021) at p 8 lines
19–20; NEs (25 November 2021) at p 62 line 29.

whose task had simply been to bring “somebody to meet somebody else” 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NEs (24 November 2021) at p 8 lines 19–20.

and who had “no involvement” in the planning of the drug transactions. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NEs (25 November 2021) at p 63 lines 2–6.

Importantly, Hanis’ evidence relating to the events on 27 September 2018 and
his role in the transaction was corroborated by the messages found on TT-HP1
and MHB-HP2. Hanis’ testimony cohered with the narrative borne out by these
messages. First, the messages in MHB-HP2 showed that Hanis had indeed been
asked by Hari to facilitate the accused’s collection of the Drugs. Hanis had
messaged Hari the planned location of the transaction on 27 September 2018,
saying “3 forth Lok Yang rd”. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

AB at p 256 S/N 62.

Referring to the accused, Hari had instructed Hanis to “[c]ollect money from
him 8500”. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

AB at p 256 S/N 67.

This sum of $8,500 was consistent with messages in TT-HP1 in which the accused
confirmed with Hari that the amount of cash he was to hand over to Hari was
“8500”. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Exhibit P96 at p 18 S/N 336.

These matching amounts showed that the accused had indeed been meant to pay
Hari for the transaction that day, with the payment to be collected by Hanis.

68 Hari also informed Hanis of the vehicle which the accused drove, telling
Hanis “[h]e drives a Volkswagen jetta”. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

AB at p 256 S/N 68.

When Hanis told Hari that he was already in the accused’s car, Hari replied
“[h]e n u together go”, 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

AB at p 257 S/N 76.

and reminded Hanis to “double check” the $8,500 that was to come from the
accused. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

AB at p 257 S/N 81.

Hanis then attempted to confirm with Hari that all the Drugs were meant for
the accused, asking “[o]kay then the goods to collect are all his/hers eh?”
194

##### Foot Note 194

×

AB at p 257 S/N 86.

Hari replied “[s]o, it is just to bring him/her to meet that Laffy. Collect
goods and take money eh”. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

AB at p 258 S/N 87.

69 Thus, the exchange of messages between Hari and Hanis cohered with Hanis’
narrative rather than the Defence’s case theory. The messages indicated that
Hanis had been instructed by Hari to facilitate the accused’s collection of
the Drugs and collect the agreed amount of money from the accused. Nothing in
the messages supported the accused’s narrative that Hanis was supposed to be
the ultimate recipient of the Drugs (on behalf of Hari’s group), and that the
accused had merely been involved as a driver.

70 The messages found on TT-HP1 also corroborated Hanis’ narrative. As
observed above at [48], the accused had been the user of TT-HP1 at all times
and had sent the messages on 25 and 27 September 2018 arranging the sale and
handover of drugs from Hari. This was in line with Hanis’ evidence that the
accused, not Hanis, was meant to collect the Drugs that day.

71 Thus, in light of the corroboration provided by the messages in both MHB-
HP2 and TT-HP1, I found Hanis’ narrative relating to the transaction involving
the Drugs to be credible. Hanis’ role was to facilitate the accused’s
collection of the Drugs on 27 September 2018, and the accused was the ultimate
recipient of the Drugs who was meant to and did take possession of the Drugs
that day.

The evidence of PW52 Arif and PW51 Hakam

72 I turn to address the evidence of two witnesses, PW52 Arif and PW51 Hakam,
who were called as rebuttal witnesses for the Prosecution towards the end of
the trial. Both the Prosecution and the Defence claimed that these two
individuals formed important parts of the other side’s case, with the
Prosecution stating that it eventually called them as rebuttal witnesses
largely so that the Defence would have the opportunity to cross-examine them.
196

##### Foot Note 196

×

PCS at para 84; NEs (12 January 2023) at p 15 lines 5–30.

73 The Defence submitted that Arif was in fact the person known to the accused
as “Hari” who had supplied the accused with the Drugs. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

DCS at paras 46–48.

However, in cross-examination, Arif disagreed with the Defence that he was
“Hari”. 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

NEs (27 September 2022) at p 31 lines 8–17.

He also denied having ever known or met either the accused or Hanis. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

NEs (27 September 2022) at p 22 line 28–p 23 line 4; p 28 lines 5–11; p 30
lines 13–21.

The Defence argued that these denials showed that Arif did not want to tell
the truth in court because he and his associates were in fact the ones who had
ordered the Drugs, and therefore he had decided to deny their involvement and
let the accused take the blame for the Drugs. 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

DCS at para 48.

74 I did not accept the Defence’s argument on this point. Arif’s evidence did
not raise any reasonable doubt as to the Prosecution’s case. Essentially, he
denied having any links to Hari, Hanis, or the accused. This could not be
extrapolated to raise any reasonable doubt that contrary to the Prosecution’s
case, he and his associates had in fact been the ones who had purchased the
Drugs. Importantly, Arif’s denials did not affect the crucial evidence
underpinning the Prosecution’s case, which centred on the messages found on
the accused’s mobile phones rather than any evidence coming from Hari.

75 Similarly, Hakam’s evidence was of limited probative value and did not
affect the Prosecution’s case – he mostly responded in cross-examination that
he could not remember the details of what had happened during the handover of
the Drugs. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

NEs (27 September 2022) at p 13 line 26–p 16 line 9; p 18 lines 2–19.

Thus, neither the evidence of Arif and Hakam nor the manner or lateness of
their being called as witnesses raised any reasonable doubt as to the
Prosecution’s case.

Summary of common evidential issues

76 The collective picture painted by the evidence discussed above showed that
the accused had intended to take possession of the Drugs on 27 September 2018
and did in fact take possession of the Drugs. The messages in TT-HP1, which
had all been sent by the accused, showed that the accused had negotiated for
the sale and purchase of drugs from Hari, with the handover to have taken
place on 27 September 2018. The accused’s actions on the day of arrest –
following Hari’s instructions to various locations and waiting for long
periods of time at these locations – were only plausible if he had been
planning to take possession of the Drugs that day. Indeed, the messages to
Sherane on TT-HP1 showed that the accused had known that the activities that
day related to the “loading” of drugs. Furthermore, the messages in Hanis’
handphone, MHB-HP2, showed that Hari, Hanis and other members of Hari’s group
had arranged for the collection of the Drugs by the accused on 27 September
2018. Finally, Hanis testified that the accused had in fact taken possession
of the Drugs from Hakam at the Lok Yang area.

77 Taken together, the clear conclusion was that the accused’s negotiation
with Hari on TT-HP1 had been for the sale and handover of the Drugs on 27
September 2018, and that he had intended to and had in fact taken possession
of the Drugs at the Lok Yang area that day.

78 The Defence’s attempts to avoid this conclusion were incredible. I could
not accept that the messages on TT-HP1 had been sent by Travis rather than the
accused, as the evidence showed that the accused had been the sole user of TT-
HP1, and Travis appeared to have been an alias which he used when conducting
drug transactions. Neither could I accept the Defence’s narrative that the
accused had merely been acting as a driver for Hanis and Hari and that Hari’s
group had purchased the Drugs for themselves. The messages on MHB-HP2 relied
upon by the Defence did not support this narrative and were instead consistent
with the Prosecution’s case – corroborated by the messages in TT-HP1 – that
Hari and the members of his group had been acting as the accused’s suppliers
in the transaction.

79 The factual background established by these evidential threads informed and
supported the analysis in the next section, relating to the legal elements of
the offence.

The elements of the charge

The applicable law

80 The charge under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA read as follows: 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

Arraigned Charge dated 17 September 2021 at p 1.

That you, TRISTAN TAN YI RUI,

on 27 September 2018 at about 9.01pm, at Blk 230J Tampines Street 21,
Singapore, did traffic in a Class A Controlled Drug listed in the First
Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), to wit, by
having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking one red and black
taped bundle which contained one ziplock packet containing not less than
499.0g of crystalline substance, which was analysed and found to contain not
less than 337.6g of methamphetamine, without authorisation under the MDA or
the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the MDA, and punishable under
section 33(1) of the MDA, and further, upon your conviction under section
5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the MDA, you may alternatively be liable to
be punished under section 33B of the MDA.

81 The elements of an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA were
laid out in Mohammad Rizwan bin Akbar Husain v PP and another appeal and other
matters [2014] 3 SLR 721 at [59] and are as follows:

(a) possession of a controlled drug;

(b) knowledge of the nature of the drug; and

(c) possession of the drug for the purpose of trafficking which was not
authorised.

82 Several presumptions may apply in respect of the offence under s 5(1)(a)
read with s 5(2) of the MDA. First, possession of a controlled drug may be
presumed pursuant to s 18(1) of the MDA, which provides, inter alia, that any
person who is proved to have had in his or her possession or custody or under
his or her control anything containing a controlled drug is presumed, until
the contrary is proved, to have had that drug in his or her possession.

83 Second, knowledge of the nature of the drug may be presumed under s 18(2)
of the MDA, which provides that any person who is proved or presumed to have
had a controlled drug in his or her possession is presumed, until the contrary
is proved, to have known the nature of that drug.

84 Third, under s 17 of the MDA, any person who is proved to have had in his
or her possession more than certain prescribed amounts of controlled drugs is
presumed to have had the relevant drug in possession for the purpose of
trafficking unless it is proved otherwise. Under s 17(h) of the MDA, the
prescribed amount of methamphetamine which triggers this presumption is 25g.

85 The presumptions under s 18 of the MDA relating to possession and knowledge
of the nature of the drug, and the presumption under s 17 of the MDA relating
to trafficking, cannot run together: Zainal bin Hamad v Public Prosecutor and
another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 1119 (“Zainal bin Hamad”) at [45]–[49]. The
presumption under s 17 of the MDA only arises where a person is proved to have
had in their possession more than the specified amounts of certain drugs.
Thus, where a person is presumed, rather than proved, to have possession and
knowledge of the nature of the drug under s 18 of the MDA, the presumption of
trafficking under s 17 cannot be relied on: Zainal bin Hamad at [47]–[49].
Hence, the Prosecution in the present case sought to prove the elements of
possession and knowledge of the nature of the Drugs, whilst relying only on
the presumption of possession for the purpose of trafficking under s 17 of the
MDA.

Whether possession of the Drugs was established

86 Possession of drugs, as an ingredient of the offence of trafficking under
the MDA, requires physical possession or custody over the drugs as well as
knowledge of the existence of the thing which is later found to be a
controlled drug: Adili Chibuike Ejike v Public Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 254 at
[31] and [35].

87 The accused’s possession of the Drugs was made out. This was established
first by the evidence of Hanis that the accused had in fact taken possession
of the bundle from Hakam, who had handed the bundle to the accused through the
window of the accused’s car. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

NEs (23 November 2021) at p 74 line 20–p 75 line 9.

This was in line with, as observed earlier at [77], other evidence, such as
the messages in TT-HP1 and MHB-HP2, as well as the accused’s actions on the
day of arrest which indicated that he had intended to take possession of the
Drugs at the Lok Yang area.

88 Second, the accused’s possession of the Drugs was also established by the
presence of the accused’s DNA on the packet of powdery substance wrapped
within the bundle. 204

##### Foot Note 204

×

ASOF at para 21; Exhibit P34 at Matchable Contributor “S150363” (DNA Profiling
Report dated 23 November 2018) at p 4 (AB p 45).

The Defence attempted to show that there could have been inadvertent transfers
of the accused’s DNA to the packet. To this end, the Defence suggested several
possible scenarios, including possible transference of the accused’s DNA from
the surface of the car seat, 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

NEs (19 November 2021) at p 49 lines 1–16.

or transfer of the accused’s DNA by means of a handshake or other physical
contact with a person who then touched the packet. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

NEs (19 November 2021) at p 47 lines 7–19; p 48 lines 4–9.

However, these scenarios were wholly speculative and were to be juxtaposed
against the clear evidence of Hanis, supported by the narrative borne out by
the messages in TT-HP1 and MHB-HP2, that the accused had meant to and did take
possession of the bundle and the packet. Thus, the Defence’s attempts to show
the possibility of inadvertent transfers of the accused’s DNA did not raise
any reasonable doubt as to the fact that the accused had handled the packet.

89 It was particularly incriminating that the accused’s DNA was found not on
the exterior surface of the bundle, but rather on the packet which was within
the bundle. A photograph of the bundle, “A1”, and the packet, “A1A”, is
reproduced below: 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

Exhibit P-CD1, image 14.

![](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

Figure 1: Photograph of exhibits A1, A1A and A1B

90 The presence of the accused’s DNA on the packet, “A1A”, showed that the
accused had not merely handled the bundle but had also handled the packet
within the bundle.

91 The fact that the bundle and the packet had been in the vehicle where
another person, namely Hanis, had been present, did not mean that actual
possession was lost. Possession would only be called into question if there
was some indication of possession being transferred to the other person in
that context, such as an attempt at exclusion by the other person. There was
no such indication that possession had been transferred to Hanis. In any
event, given the evidence of Hanis, which was to be preferred, the accused,
not Hanis, was supposed to take possession of the Drugs and the accused did
so.

92 Another element of the charge was knowledge of the existence of the thing
which was later found to be a controlled drug. The accused’s handling of the
packet showed that he certainly had knowledge of the existence of the packet
and the substance contained within it. As can be seen from fig 1, the packet
itself was transparent and any person who handled it would thereby have been
aware of the powdery substance in it, which was later found to contain
methamphetamine. I was therefore satisfied that the accused had knowledge of
the existence of the powdery substance within the packet, and therefore that
his possession of the Drugs was established.

93 I observe that the Prosecution did not rely on s 21 of the MDA, under which
any controlled drug found in any vehicle is presumed, until the contrary is
proved, to have been in the possession of the owner of the vehicle and of the
person in charge of the vehicle for the time being. This was presumably due to
the Prosecution’s decision to rely on the s 17 presumption of possession for
the purpose of trafficking, which required them to prove possession and hence
precluded them from relying on any presumption of possession under the MDA.

Whether knowledge of the nature of the Drugs was established

94 The accused’s knowledge of the nature of the Drugs was established by the
messages found in TT-HP1 concerning the sale and handover of drugs on 27
September 2018. Whilst these messages did not specifically mention that the
drugs to be handed over were methamphetamine, it was clear when viewed against
the entire factual context that the messages were indeed about the sale of the
Drugs specifically – ie, methamphetamine. For example, other messages on TT-
HP1 showed that the accused had known that he would be collecting
methamphetamine at the Lok Yang area. At 5.45pm on 27 September 2018, when
Hanis had entered the accused’s car in Tampines but they had not left for Lok
Yang yet, 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

Exhibit P96 at p 20 S/N 345–359.

Hari messaged the accused on TT-HP1, saying “spare me 25 later can?? and price
u give?”. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

Exhibit P96 at p 20 S/N 346.

The accused did not dispute that he had been using TT-HP1 at this point in
time as, according to him, Travis had left TT-HP1 with him from 5.30pm onwards
that day. 210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 57 lines 16–25.

In cross-examination, the accused confirmed that Hari’s message was referring
to 25g of methamphetamine. 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

NEs (24 February 2022) at p 49 lines 14–22; NEs (24 February 2022) at p 64
line 31–p 65 line 1.

Following that message, Hari then told the accused to pass this 25g of
methamphetamine to Hanis. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

Exhibit P96 at p 20 S/N 349.

At 6.27pm, the accused replied Hari, quoting him $700 for that amount of
methamphetamine and showing his appreciation to Hari for “hooking me up”. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

Exhibit P96 at p 21 S/Ns 355–358.

At trial, the accused denied that he had agreed to spare Hari the 25g of
methamphetamine, saying that it was Travis who had told him to pass 25g to
Hanis. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

NEs (24 February 2022) at p 66 lines 22–23; p 67 line 13.

However, since I have found that Travis was not a separate person, there was
in fact no such person who had told the accused to pass 25g to Hanis. The
accused was therefore the one who had agreed with Hari to pass 25g of
methamphetamine to Hanis. In any case, the accused’s reliance on the fact that
Travis had told him to pass the 25g of methamphetamine to Hanis did not
detract from the fact that the messages showed that he had known that a
package of methamphetamine was going to be handed over at Lok Yang. Coupled
with the context which showed that the accused had negotiated with Hari for
the handover of drugs at Lok Yang on 27 September 2018, the accused’s
agreement in these messages (which had been sent just before he drove to Lok
Yang) to spare Hari 25g of methamphetamine “later” confirmed that he had known
that he would be receiving a package of methamphetamine specifically at the
Lok Yang area that day, from which the 25g was to be derived.

95 Furthermore, other facts also showed that the accused had known the nature
of the Drugs. The messages on TT-HP1 between the accused and Hari often
discussed the sale of “white”, 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

For example, P-CD2 at Annex C p 2731 S/N 13133; p 2729 S/N 13122; p 2728 S/N
13117; p 2720 S/N 13076; p 2710 S/Ns 13026–13027.

which was confirmed by the accused and PW45 ASP Zhong Kang Tai to refer to
methamphetamine. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

NEs (23 November 2021) at p 29 line 18; NEs (24 February 2022) at p 35 lines
16–18.

Also, the messages between Hanis and Cico2 made clear that the transaction on
27 September 2018, which had been negotiated by the accused, was for “white” –
at 4.33am on 27 September 2018, Hanis had asked Cico2 if the transaction that
day was “for green or white”, to which Cico2 replied “[w]hite”. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

Exhibit D4 at p 1 S/Ns 5–6.

Finally, the accused had actually gone to the Lok Yang area on 27 September
2018, intending to take collection of drugs, and had knowingly taken
possession of the packet of white crystalline substance. Thus, the factual
context was as such: the accused had often discussed the sale of
methamphetamine with Hari; the accused had negotiated for the purchase of
drugs from Hari on 27 September 2018; Hanis’ messages confirmed that that
transaction was for methamphetamine; and the accused had gone to the Lok Yang
area and taken possession of what he knew to be a packet of white crystalline
substance. In light of these facts, although the messages on TT-HP1 did not
explicitly say that the drugs to be sold were methamphetamine, it was clear
that the accused had known that the transaction he had negotiated with Hari
was for the sale of the Drugs – ie, methamphetamine – specifically, as opposed
to some other type of drugs. Indeed, the Defence did not dispute that the
messages on TT-HP1 were about the sale and handover of the Drugs specifically.
218

##### Foot Note 218

×

DCS at para 21.

Thus, the accused had actual knowledge that the nature of the Drugs he
received at the Lok Yang area that day was methamphetamine.

Whether possession of the Drugs was for the purpose of trafficking

96 Given that the accused was in possession of not less than 337.6g of
methamphetamine, the presumption of trafficking under s 17 of the MDA applied:

Presumption concerning trafficking

17\. Any person who is proved to have had in his possession more than —

…

(h) 25 grammes of methamphetamine;

…

whether or not contained in any substance, extract, preparation or mixture,
shall be presumed to have had that drug in possession for the purpose of
trafficking unless it is proved that his possession of that drug was not for
that purpose.

97 In addition to relying on the presumption of trafficking above, the
Prosecution argued that the sheer amount of methamphetamine involved – not
less than 337.6g – indicated that the accused could not have taken possession
of the Drugs for his own consumption. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

PCS at para 73.

The Prosecution further contended that the accused had intended to repack a
25g portion of the Drugs and traffic that amount to Hanis, who testified that
the accused had told him to collect 25g of methamphetamine after the deal was
completed. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

PCS at para 74; NEs (23 November 2021) at p 77 lines 2–9.

Lastly, the Prosecution argued that the accused’s admission to having sold
small quantities of methamphetamine to his friends before, 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

PCS at paras 77–79; NEs (22 February 2022) at p 39 lines 18–26; NEs (23
February 2022) at p 4 lines 4–12.

coupled with messages on TT-HP1 which showed that he had discussed fairly
large quantities of methamphetamine with his friends, 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

PCS at paras 77–79; NEs (24 February 2022) at p 33 line 23–p 34 line 12.

indicated that he had been actively engaged in trafficking activity. This
supported a finding that he had possessed the Drugs for the purpose of
trafficking.

98 The Defence argued, in line with its case theory, that the accused had not
intended to purchase the Drugs and the Drugs had not been meant for him.
Rather, Hari and the members of his group were the ones who had planned to
purchase the Drugs, and the accused had merely acted as a driver for Hanis who
had been tasked to collect the Drugs. 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

DCS at para 3.

Thus, the accused did not possess the Drugs for the purpose of trafficking.
224

##### Foot Note 224

×

DCS at para 3.

99 In respect of the Prosecution’s arguments, I could not conclude that the
quantity of the Drugs alone was actual proof of an intention on the part of
the accused to traffic in the Drugs. Also, the repacking of the Drugs for a
smaller portion to be passed on to Hanis did not indicate trafficking of the
Drugs as a whole. The quantity to be repacked, 25g, was significantly smaller
than the quantity in the accused’s possession. As observed earlier at [94],
the messages on TT-HP1 indicated that the repacking of 25g of the Drugs, to be
sold to Hari for $700, had been done as a favour from the accused to Hari for
setting him up with the transaction. Thus, this arrangement to repack and sell
25g of the Drugs was a special one agreed to by the accused in view of Hari’s
help, and could not be relied on to show that the rest of the Drugs would
similarly be sold off by the accused.

100 The accused’s prior trafficking activity also could not be relied upon to
prove that the accused had intended to traffic in the Drugs. In respect of
this, the Prosecution referred to the accused’s testimony that he had sold
small amounts of methamphetamine – less than 1g each time – to his friends.
225

##### Foot Note 225

×

NEs (23 February 2022) at p 4 lines 20–24; NEs (22 February 2022) at p 39
lines 24–26.

The Prosecution also referenced messages on TT-HP1 in which the accused had
discussed larger amounts of methamphetamine with his contacts. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

PCS at para 78.

For example, a conversation with Hari on 28 August 2018 discussed three
quantities of methamphetamine – 25g, 12.5g, and 5g. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

Exhibit P96 at p 26 S/N 6; NEs (24 February 2022) at p 33 line 23–p 34 line 1.

In another conversation with Steph on 18 August 2018, the accused referred to
50g of methamphetamine. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

Exhibit P96 at p 32 S/N 3, NEs (24 February 2022) at p 34 lines 2–9.

101 With respect to the messages with Hari and Steph, it was not clear whether
they related to the accused selling the quantities of methamphetamine referred
to. Indeed, the Prosecution did not allege so, only going so far as to say
that these messages had involved discussions about these various quantities of
methamphetamine. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

PCS at para 78.

Such discussions which were not clearly about trafficking even in relation to
those previous amounts of methamphetamine certainly could not be extrapolated
to show that the accused had planned to traffic in the Drugs.

102 As for the accused’s admission that he had previously sold small amounts
of methamphetamine to his friends, the Prosecution’s reliance on this piece of
evidence appeared to contravene the rule against similar fact evidence. Whilst
it is well-established in Singapore that there is no strict rule against the
admission of similar fact evidence, with ss 14 and 15 of the Evidence Act 1893
(2020 Rev Ed) permitting reliance on similar fact evidence where such evidence
is used to demonstrate the state of mind of the accused (see Rosman bin
Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR 10 at [32] and Tan Meng Jee v Public
Prosecutor [1996] 2 SLR(R) 178 (“Tan Meng Jee”) at [40]), a balancing process
weighing the probative value of the evidence against its prejudicial effect
must be applied in determining whether similar fact evidence should be
admitted under those provisions: Tan Meng Jee at [50]. Three factors should be
considered in this balancing process; namely, cogency, strength of inference
and relevance: Tan Meng Jee at [52].

103 The cogency of the evidence here was not in question, since the source of
the evidence was the accused’s own testimony. However, the strength of
inference and the relevance of this evidence was doubtful: the accused’s
evidence was that he had sold or given small amounts of methamphetamine to his
friends, with these amounts having been derived from the usual packets of
1.25g of methamphetamine which Hari would have given or sold to him. 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

NEs (22 February 2022) at p 39 lines 5–26.

This was quite different from the conduct which the Prosecution sought to
prove – ie, that the accused had purchased the Drugs (which contained not less
than 337.6g of methamphetamine) and intended to traffic the whole amount.
Thus, the probative value of this evidence in showing the accused’s state of
mind with respect to the Drugs was low. It did not follow, simply from the
accused’s prior acts of selling to his friends small amounts of
methamphetamine, which he had derived from the supply for his own consumption,
that he had intended to traffic in the Drugs, which contained a quantity of
methamphetamine several hundred times larger than the amounts he admitted to
having previously sold. Thus, the probative value of this evidence was
significantly outweighed by its prejudicial effect and could not be relied on
by the Prosecution to show that the accused had possessed the Drugs for the
purpose of trafficking.

104 However, the Defence failed to rebut the presumption of possession for the
purpose of trafficking on the balance of probabilities. The Defence
essentially relied on the argument that the accused had not intended to
possess the Drugs in the first place and had not known that the bundle
contained methamphetamine, even if Hakam had indeed passed the bundle to him.
231

##### Foot Note 231

×

DCS at paras 57–58.

However, as observed earlier at [78], the Defence’s account that Hari and his
group had purchased the Drugs for themselves, with the accused merely acting
as a driver for Hanis, was incredible. Rather, the evidence showed that the
accused had negotiated for the purchase of the Drugs from Hari and had
intended to and had in fact taken possession of the Drugs at the Lok Yang
area. In view of this finding, the Defence’s argument that the accused had not
intended to possess the Drugs and had not known that the bundle contained
methamphetamine could not stand. Thus, the Defence failed to rebut the
presumption under s 17(h) of the MDA that the accused had possessed the Drugs
for the purpose of trafficking. The result was that the presumption applied,
and thus the element of possession for the purpose of trafficking was made
out.

105 Overall, all three elements of the charge for trafficking in a controlled
drug were made out. I therefore found the accused to be guilty of the charge
and convicted him accordingly.

Other matters

106 The Prosecution submitted that the accused’s lies in his statements to the
police corroborated his guilt. Specifically, the Prosecution contended that
the accused’s lie in his statements that TT-HP1 had belonged to Travis 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

AB at p 182 para 10; p 188.

satisfied the four criteria set out in Public Prosecutor v Ilechukwu
Uchechukwu Chukwudi [2015] SGCA 33 (“Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi”) at [60]
for what has been termed in case law as a “Lucas lie” – ie, a lie which
amounts to corroboration of guilt. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

PCS at para 81.

These criteria are as follows:

(a) the lie told out of court is deliberate;

(b) it relates to a material issue;

(c) the motive for the lie is a realisation of guilt and a fear of the truth;
and

(d) the statement must clearly be shown to be a lie by independent evidence.

107 These criteria appeared to be satisfied in relation to the accused’s lie
in his statements that TT-HP1 had belonged to Travis. The lie told in his
statements was deliberate and related to a material issue as the messages on
TT-HP1 related to the arrangement of the sale and handover of drugs on 27
September 2018. These messages were highly incriminating and the accused’s
creation of the person of “Travis”, who had allegedly owned TT-HP1, must have
stemmed from the accused’s guilt and fear of the truth, which was that he was
the owner of TT-HP1 who had in fact sent these messages. This truth was
evident from the evidence analysed earlier.

108 Thus, the criteria in Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi for a “Lucas lie”
appeared to be satisfied in the present case. Nevertheless, great emphasis
should not be placed on the corroborative effect of this lie. As was the case
in PP v Lau Boon Huat [1997] SGHC 148 (at [53]), there was no special
requirement for corroboration of the accused’s guilt in the present case and
the evidence discussed above already established the accused’s guilt without
any need for corroboration from the lies in his statements.

Sentence

109 The accused’s role in the transaction involving the Drugs was clearly not
limited to that of a courier. Rather, the evidence showed that he had
negotiated the purchase and handover of the Drugs. The PP also did not issue a
certificate of substantive assistance to the accused. 234

##### Foot Note 234

×

NEs (9 February 2023) at p 6 lines 8–23, 31–p 7 lines 1–4.

Thus, there was no room for the application of the alternative sentencing
regime under s 33B(1)(a) read with s 33(2) of the MDA. Accordingly, pursuant
to s 33(1) of the MDA read with the Second Schedule therein, which prescribes
the death sentence where the offence of unauthorised trafficking in controlled
drugs containing more than 250g of methamphetamine is made out, I sentenced
the accused to death.

Conclusion

110 The Prosecution made out its case beyond any reasonable doubt that the
accused was guilty of the charge for trafficking in a controlled drug, by
having had in his possession for the purpose of trafficking a packet
containing not less than 337.6g of methamphetamine. I therefore convicted the
accused of the charge and sentenced him to death.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Terence Chua Seng Leng and Chong Yong (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

Low Cheong Yeow (M/s Matthew Chiong Partnership), Krishna Ramakrishna Sharma
(Fleet Street Law LLC) and Zamiq Azmeer bin Borhanudin (M/s Abdul Rahman Law
Corporation) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 21 Jun 2023 (15:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

