Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 6

Suit No 3 of 2021  
(Summonses Nos 287 & 344 of 2022)

Between

WKK

…Plaintiff

And

WKL

… Defendant

AND

Between

WKL

… Plaintiff in Counterclaim

And

WKK

… Defendant in Counterclaim

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure — Extension of time]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WKK

  
v

  

WKL

[2023] SGHCF 6

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Suit No 3 of 2021
(Summonses Nos 287 and 344 of 2022)  
Choo Han Teck J  

16 February 2023

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff and defendant are brothers. After their father died, they
quarrelled over his will executed on 28 September 2019 because he had another
will, executed on 29 August 2016. The plaintiff thus commenced HCF/S 3/2021
seeking a declaration that the 28 September 2019 will was the lawful last will
of the father. The defendant filed a defence and counterclaim, to have the 29
August 2016 will declared the lawful will. HCF/S 3/2021 was deemed
discontinued in its entirety on 15 September 2022 when the plaintiff failed to
set it down for trial as directed by an unless order made in HCF/ORC 272/2022.

2 Now, by way of Summonses 287 and 344 of 2022, the plaintiff seeks to
reinstate HCF/S 3/2021 and obtain an extension of time to set down for trial.
The suit was discontinued pursuant to non-compliance with an unless order. But
this non-compliance was just one of the plaintiff’s numerous non-compliances
with court deadlines. At the Probate Case Conference (“PCC”) on 2 August 2022,
in which the plaintiff was late, an unless order was made for the exchange of
AEICs by 8 August 2022, failing which the plaintiff’s action would be deemed
discontinued. The plaintiff was unable to exchange AEICs. At a further PCC on
16 August 2022, which he was again late, the plaintiff sought a further
extension of time to exchange AEICs, in breach of the unless order made on 2
August 2022. An extension was granted to 19 August 2022, and the action was to
be set down for trial by 22 August 2022. 22 August passed, and the action had
yet to be set down. This marked the 6th non-compliance with court ordered
deadlines. At the PCC on 7 September 2022, the plaintiff’s counsel submitted
that the plaintiff’s non-compliance had been due to his lack of funds to pay
the setting down court fees, but he claimed that the plaintiff had now found
the money and was ready to pay. On that basis, the assistant registrar issued
another unless order in HCF/ORC 272/2022 for the setting down of the suit for
trial by 14 September 2022. This was not complied with as well, and,
consequently, the plaintiff’s action was discontinued on 15 September 2022. On
28 September 2022, the plaintiff filed an affidavit saying that he only raised
$30,000 of the $51,000 required for setting down of the 12-day trial,
contradicting his counsel’s previous submission at the PCC on 7 September 2022
that the funds had been raised and the plaintiff was ready to pay.

3 Yet rather than appealing against the discontinuance of the suit pursuant to
the unless order, the plaintiff applied by way of Summonses 287 and 344 on 5
October 2022 to reinstate the suit and set down for trial. Given the facts, an
appeal would probably have been hopeless. The question is whether this
application holds out any hope.

4 In this case, the entire suit had been discontinued. It is vastly different
from Jiangsu New Huaming International Trading Co Ltd v PT Musim Mas and
another [2023] SGHC 27 (“Jiangsu”) where I allowed an amendment of pleadings
to include an item of claim that had been struck out. In that case, the suit
was not struck out, only the item relating to a claim for a specific sum of
commission payment. A severed limb can still be saved and reattached to a body
that is still warm, as was the case in Jiangsu. But the resurrection of the
dead is a different matter. Yet that is precisely what counsel, Mr Riyach
Hussein, wants to do by way of his applications. An action that has been
discontinued can only be recommenced as a fresh action, subject to the
defendant’s rights to strike out. Alternatively, the plaintiff has to apply
for leave to appeal out of time to set aside the “unless order” by which his
suit was discontinued. Neither of these was done. The unless order stands, and
unlike Jiangsu, the plaintiff here is not applying to amend a part of the
claim. He wants the entire action revived. The application to reinstate is
wrong and futile, and given the facts, even if I were to have any discretion
to reinstate it, I would not. The plaintiff has disregarded too many
deadlines. His explanations have not been credible, even contrary to what his
counsel had told the court. I thus dismissed both the plaintiff’s applications
with costs fixed at $2,500 for each application.

5 A litigant, especially the plaintiff, should be advised of the costs of
litigation from the outset. If it cannot pay the court fees, then it cannot
pay the legal fees which may be ten times more. Ironically, had the plaintiff
complied with the court deadlines, the costs that were incurred from the
further summons might well have been enough to pay for setting down the action
for trial.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Muhammed Riyach bin Hussain Omar (H C Law Practice) for the plaintiff;  
Lee Chung Yen Steven (Hilborne Law LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Feb 2023 (12:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

