Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 163

Originating Application No 701 of 2022

Between

Goh Siam Teow (a person lacking capacity suing by her litigation
representative, Lim Sai Hong)

… Applicant

And

Arthero Lim Tung Hee

… Respondent

judgment

[Land — Sale of land — Sale under court order]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Goh Siam Teow

  

(a person lacking capacity suing by her litigation representative, Lim Sai
Hong)

  
v

  

Lim Tung Hee Arthero

[2023] SGHC 163

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 701 of 2022  
Choo Han Teck J  
25 May 2023

1 June 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant, Mdm Goh Siam Teow (“G”), is 89 years old and suffers from
dementia and is suing by her litigation representative as she lacks the mental
capacity to initiate and sustain the action. G has three children — Lim Sai
Hong (“SH”), aged 70; Lim Tung Hee Arthero (the respondent in this
application), aged 68; and Lim Chew Hong, aged 63. SH, a retiree who
previously operated a student hostel, is the litigation representative of G
pursuant to an order of court granted in FC/ORC 4061/2022. The respondent says
that he is an artist — a painter — but has since ceased to paint
professionally after he sustained a stroke. He appears in person and does not
seem to have any physical or mental impediment to presenting his own case.

2 This is G’s application under s 18(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
1969 (2020 Rev Ed) read with paragraph 2 of the First Schedule, for leave of
court to sell an HDB flat located at Lorong 4 Toa Payoh (“the “Property”). The
Property’s value is about $700,000. G purchased the Property in 2001 in joint
names with the respondent, but the joint tenancy has since been severed, as
evidenced by the subsidiary certificate of title dated 5 December 2022.
Presently, G and the respondent hold the Property as tenants-in-common in
equal shares. However, only the respondent is residing in the Property. He has
been residing there for 20 years. It is undisputed that he has been renting
out two rooms in the Property, earning about $1,500 a month, which he uses for
his living expenses. Although G is a co-owner of the Property, she has not
received any of the rental proceeds. Since 2003, G has been residing with SH,
her appointed deputy.

3 The only issue for my determination is whether the Property should be sold.
If an order for sale is made, the sale proceeds will have to be apportioned
equally between G and the respondent as tenants-in-common in equal shares. The
respondent resists the application on procedural and substantive grounds.
Procedurally, the respondent says that SH, as the litigation representative of
G, lacks the power to apply for the Property to be sold. The respondent points
to Order 5(b)(vi) of FC/ORC 4061/2022, which reads:

Subject to the consent of the joint-owner, to sell the Property at or above
market price and, after payment of the outstanding housing loan (if any)
and/or any other monies due to HDB, refunding parties CPF accounts with monies
utilised towards the purchase of the flat together with accrued interest and
deducting all costs and expenses of sale, to give a good and valid receipt for
P's share of the net sale proceeds (i.e. 50% of the net sale proceeds).

The respondent says that this order is the only authorised method by which SH
may apply, as deputy, for the Property to be sold. Thus, he says that since he
has not consented to the sale of the Property, SH is not empowered to make the
application in the first place. I am unable to accept this argument. Order
5(b)(vi) is merely one agreed method by which SH is empowered to act, as
deputy of G. The grant of a specific power does not delimit the ambit of
general powers accorded to SH as a deputy of G. In particular, s 23(1)(b) of
the Mental Capacity Act 2008 (2020 Rev Ed) grants SH powers for “the sale,
exchange, charging, gift or other disposition of P’s property”. Further, s
23(1)(g) authorises SH to conduct legal proceedings in G’s name or on G’s
behalf. Accordingly, SH did not act outside of her powers when commencing this
application.

4 Apart from his procedural objection, the respondent resists the sale of the
Property on the ground that he is a stroke patient with no income. He says
that he has no financial means to move out because he would otherwise lose the
rental he currently receives, along with his current place of residence. On
the other hand, SH says that the sale of the Property is necessary to meet the
financial burden of G’s medical expenses, especially in the light of her
worsening dementia condition. SH says that her own savings are insufficient,
and the sale proceeds will be applied towards G’s long-term care.

5 The respondent’s case is that he will not have sufficient resources for his
upkeep if the property is sold. This, however, must be balanced against the
best interests of his ailing and aged mother, G. She cannot be kept out of the
property and have the respondent taking over the benefits of ownership
entirely. Nothing can be more inequitable. A sale of the Property is the most
equitable solution in the circumstances. The respondent will receive a lump
sum pay-out of at least $350,000 according to the valuation of $700,000 and
the prayer of SH for the sale proceeds to be apportioned equally. This pay-out
is not insignificant and will provide for the respondent adequately. As Ms
Lim, counsel for G, points out, the respondent has additional support from the
welfare services on account of his age and health. He will also have a sum of
at least $192,000 in his CPF retirement fund once his CPF contribution from
the sale of the flat is refunded.

6 I now turn to the issue of how the sale proceeds should be apportioned. Ms
Lim asks for an equal apportionment of the sale proceedings according to the
ownership interests as per the title deed. The respondent says that this will
prejudice him as he contributed significantly more than G toward the purchase
of the Property in 1993 and asks for the sale proceeds to be apportioned in
the ratio of 60.31% (respondent): 39.69% (G).

7 It was not disputed that a significant portion of the funds used to purchase
the Property came from the sale of another flat at Lorong 5 Toa Payoh which
the parties acquired in joint names in 1993. The net sale proceeds amounted to
$398,241.64. It was undisputed that this sum was received solely by G at the
time of sale. However, the respondent claims that he is entitled to half of
the proceeds. He claims that G is holding his share in trust for him,
notwithstanding that it was G who repaid the housing loan of $241,000 to HDB
for the purchase of the Property. The respondent claims that the monies used
to repay the loan were from the monies allegedly held on trust for him.

8 The evidence does not support the respondent’s narrative. The documents only
show that the respondent contributed from his CPF accounts, and that the cash
payments were made by G. Although the housing loan for the Lorong 5 Toa Payoh
flat was paid for by the respondent, he only contributed $30,578.36 out of the
loan quantum of $64,000. The remaining redemption was paid for by G. The
payment was made by SH, who adduced evidence of a cashier’s order from G dated
19 October 2001. I incline to accept SH’s evidence over the respondent’s
evidence. The respondent said that he paid for the remaining cash redemption
“to the best of [his] recollection”. This corroborates the evidence that G
contributed more. In any event, the respondent’s failure to apportion to G the
rental proceeds of the Property (which exceeded $400,000) since 2003,
sufficiently settles the difference in contributions.

9 Furthermore, without proper documentation, it is difficult to ascertain the
breakdown of the financial contribution of the parties made some 20 years ago
to different properties. The joint tenancy was severed in 2020, and thus, G
and the respondent became tenants-in-common in equal shares. This was not
disputed by the respondent when the subsidiary title was registered, and I am
of the view that it is too late to do so now. The Property is to be sold, and
the proceeds shall be divided equally between G and the respondent. And so I
order.

10 On the issue of costs, counsel for G asks for costs to be fixed at $34,000
inclusive of disbursements. The respondent says that he is unemployed and
reiterated that he is a stroke patient. But substantial legal costs had been
expended by G to obtain the orders I am making. Having regard to the
circumstances of the case, I am of the view that a sum of $12,000 inclusive of
disbursements is fair, and I so order that the respondent pay this sum.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Lim Kim Hong (Kim & Co.) for the applicant;

Respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Jun 2023 (15:52 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

