Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 359

Originating Claim No 158 of 2022 (Summons No 2781 of 2022)

Between

| Leong Quee Ching Karen  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

(1) | Lim Soon Huat  
---|---  
(2) | Lim Soon Heng  
(3) | Lim Kim Chong Investments Pte Ltd  
(4) | Sin Soon Lee Realty Company (Private) Limited  
(5) | Lim Yong Yeow, Thomas  
(6) | Seng Lee Holdings Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

JUdgment

[Civil Procedure — Injunctions]

[Injunctions — Interlocutory injunction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Leong Quee Ching Karen

  
v

  

Lim Soon Huat and others

[2023] SGHC 359

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 158 of 2022 (Summons
No 2781 of 2022)  
Goh Yihan J  
26 October 2023

29 December 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan J:

1 HC/SUM 2781/2022 (“SUM 2781”) is the claimant’s application for interim
injunctions against the defendants, pending the final determination of HC/OC
158/2022 (“OC 158”). This application was first made on 27 July 2022 without
notice to the defendants. However, on 28 July 2022, the claimant was directed
to proceed on the basis that this was to be an application with notice to the
defendants.

2 The claimant’s application for relief is framed in the following manner: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/SUM 2781/2022 filed 29 July 2022 (Amendment No 1).

(a) An interim prohibitory injunction to restrain the fourth defendant,
whether by itself, its servants or agents or any of them or otherwise, from
facilitating and/or taking steps towards effecting the transfers of a property
located in Geylang (the “Geylang Property”) and a property located in Tamarind
Road (the “Tamarind Road Property”) to the first defendant and the fifth
defendant, respectively, pending the final determination of OC 158 (and any
appeals therefrom).

(b) An interim prohibitory injunction to restrain the first defendant, the
second defendant, and/or the third defendant, whether by themselves, by their
servants or agents or any of them or otherwise, from taking any further steps
in furtherance of the proposed transfer of the Geylang Property and the
Tamarind Road Property, pending the final determination of OC 158 (and any
appeals therefrom).

(c) In the alternative to (a) and (b), an interim prohibitory injunction to
restrain the first defendant and the fifth defendant, whether by themselves,
by their servants or agents or any of them or otherwise, from selling and/or
otherwise disposing of the Geylang Property and the Tamarind Road Property
respectively, pending the final determination of OC 158 (and any appeals
therefrom).

3 Having heard the parties’ submissions, I dismiss the application. In my
view, the claimant’s application turns on a point of principle: whether it is
necessary for an applicant, who claims to be the victim of minority oppression
in a company, to possess proprietary interest over properties for which
transfers she seeks an injunction to restrain? For the reasons that I will
explain below, I conclude that as long as an applicant is applying for a
prohibitory injunction that is, in effect, a proprietary injunction, he or she
must have a proprietary interest in the property concerned to seek such an
injunction.

Background facts

4 The dispute in OC 158 arose out of the conduct of the first to third
defendants, who are the majority shareholders in Seng Lee Holdings Pte Ltd
(“SLH”). The claimant, the first defendant, and the second defendant are some
of the children of the late Dato Lim Kim Chong (“Dato Lim”). On 25 July 2013,
Dato Lim and his children entered into a Deed of Family Arrangement (the
“Original Deed”) to, among others, distribute a portion of his assets to his
eight children in Singapore. He divided his children into two groups (“Group
A” and “Group B”). Group A, which included the first defendant, became
shareholders of the fourth defendant, Sin Soon Lee Realty Company (Private)
Limited (“SSLRC”), with the assets held by SSLRC and its subsidiaries to be
held and operated for the Group A members’ benefit. Group B, which included
Dato Lim, the claimant, and the second defendant, became shareholders of SLH,
with the assets held by SLH and its subsidiaries to be held and operated for
the Group B members’ benefit. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Affidavit of Leong Quee Ching Karen dated 27 July 2022 (“Karen’s 1st
Affidavit”) at paras 5–6 and 22–24.

5 On 28 February 2015, the members of the Lim family entered into an Amending
and Restating Deed of Family Arrangement to amend certain terms of the
Original Deed (the “Amended Deed”). Under cl 9.1 of the Amended Deed, the
Group A beneficiaries were obliged to procure SSLRC to make a gift or transfer
of two properties to SLH and/or its nominees. The two properties in question
are the Geylang Property and the Tamarind Road Property (collectively, the
“Properties”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Karen’s 1st Affidavit at paras 23 and 25–26.

6 On 13 July 2022, three of the shareholders of SSLRC wrote to the claimant’s
lawyers informing them, among other things, that the first defendant had
requisitioned SSLRC to hold an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) to vote
on the transfer of the Properties, and that SSLRC would be holding the EGM on
1 August 2022. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Karen’s 1st Affidavit at para 53.

7 On 27 July 2022, the claimant commenced OC 158 against, among others, the
majority shareholders of SLH, including the first and the second defendants,
for minority oppression. For present purposes, it suffices to state that one
of the alleged oppressive acts was that the first and second defendants
intended for the first defendant and his son, the fifth defendant, to receive
the Properties instead of SLH. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Karen’s 1st Affidavit at para 58.

This explains why the interim injunctions sought in the present application
are targeted towards the transfer of the Properties to the first and the fifth
defendants.

8 Following the claimant’s application for the interim injunctions, on 29 July
2022, the first defendant, through his solicitors, issued an undertaking to
the court that he would “take all steps to postpone dealing with the
resolutions pertaining to the transfer of the [Properties] the subject of SUM
2781 pending the resolution of SUM 2781”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st Affidavit of Lim Soon Huat dated 22 August 2022 at p 244.

9 On 1 August 2022, during the EGM, the resolutions pertaining to the proposed
transfer of the Properties were withdrawn. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1st Affidavit of Lim Teong Huat dated 22 August 2022 at para 14.

Procedural history

10 Because of the various applications parties have taken out and the related
actions that are currently pending, I now turn to the procedural history
behind OC 158.

11 On 22 August 2022, the defendants applied in HC/SUM 3124/2022 and HC/SUM
3125/2022 to strike out OC 158 on the basis that the claimant had acted
unreasonably in not accepting offers put forward by the first defendant to buy
out the claimant’s shares in SLH. The Assistant Registrar dismissed the
applications. The High Court dismissed the resulting appeals in HC/RA 297/2022
and HC/RA 298/2022 (see Leong Quee Ching Karen v Lim Soon Huat and others
[2023] 4 SLR 1133).

12 On 12 September 2022, the claimant applied in HC/SUM 3376/2022 to strike
out certain “without prejudice” e-mails and references thereto in the first
defendant’s affidavit and the second defendant’s affidavit. The High Court
allowed the application to strike out most of the e-mails, save for one (see
Leong Quee Ching Karen v Lim Soon Huat and others [2023] SGHC 234).

13 On 25 July 2023, the first defendant commenced HC/OA 738/2023 for an order
granting, among other orders, the transfer of the Geylang Property to the
first defendant and the Tamarind Road Property to the fifth defendant. On the
same day, the second defendant commenced HC/OA 739/2023 for the same. The
claimant is a respondent to both these originating applications. On 26
September 2023, an Assistant Registrar granted the claimant’s application in
HC/SUM 2633/2023 and HC/SUM 2642/2023 to convert the originating applications
into originating claims. The High Court dismissed the resulting appeals in
HC/RA 215/2023 and HC/RA 216/2023 (see Lim Soon Huat v Lim Teong Huat and
others and another matter [2023] SGHC 356).

14 With the background facts and procedural history in mind, I turn to address
the present application.

The generally applicable law

15 At the outset, while cases have used the varying terminologies of “interim
injunctions” and “interlocutory injunctions”, they refer to the same type of
injunction, which is granted pending the outcome of a trial or any other
substantive determination of a matter. Thus, in the Court of Appeal decision
of Tay Long Kee Impex Pte Ltd v Tan Beng Huwah (trading as Sin Kwang Wah)
[2000] 1 SLR(R) 786, the court explained as follows (at [46]):

In our opinion, the terms “interim injunction” and “interlocutory injunction”
are not terms of art, and in their ordinary sense, an interim injunction means
an injunction made in the meantime and until something is done, eg the final
disposal of the matter; and an interlocutory injunction means an injunction
made prior to the final disposal of the suit or action, ie at the
interlocutory stage of the suit or action. An interim injunction is an
interlocutory injunction, and vice versa. We do not think that there is any
material difference between the two.

However, for the purpose of consistency in this judgment, I will use the term
“interim injunction”.

16 As a starting point, the court’s power to grant interim injunctions is
provided for in s 4(10) of the Civil Law Act 1909 (2020 Rev Ed), which states:

Injunctions and receivers granted or appointed by interlocutory orders

(10) A Mandatory Order or an injunction may be granted or a receiver appointed
by an interlocutory order of the court, either unconditionally or upon such
terms and conditions as the court thinks just, in all cases in which it
appears to the court to be just or convenient that such order should be made.

In turn, the general power of the General Division of the High Court (“General
Division”) to grant injunctions is provided by s 18(2) read with paras 5 and
14 of the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev
Ed) (the “SCJA”).

17 More specifically, O 13 r 1(1) of the Rules of Court 2021 provides that
“[a] party may apply for an injunction or a search order, whether or not a
claim for such relief was included in that party’s originating process,
counterclaim or third party notice, as the case may be”. The predecessor to
this is O 29 r 1(1) of the Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed). As observed in
Jeffrey Pinsler, Singapore Civil Practice vol 1 (LexisNexis, 2022) at para
27-3, while O 13 “retains the substance of O 29 … the terminology in O 13 is
much clearer than its predecessor”.

18 In relation to the present application, the generally applicable test for
interim injunctions is that: (a) there is a serious question to be tried; and
(b) the balance of convenience lies in favour of granting the injunction (see
the Court of Appeal decision in RGA Holdings International Inc v Loh Choon
Phing Robin and another [2017] 2 SLR 997 (“RGA Holdings”) at [28]). This
general rule is based on the fundamental principle that “the court should take
whichever course appears to carry the lower risk of injustice if it should
turn out to have been wrong at trial in the sense of granting relief to a
party who fails to establish his rights at the trial, or of failing to grant
relief to a party who succeeds at the trial” (see RGA Holdings at [28], citing
the Court of Appeal decision of Chuan Hong Petrol Station Pte Ltd v Shell
Singapore (Pte) Ltd [1992] 2 SLR(R) 1 at [88]). Similarly, the Court of Appeal
explained in Maldives Airports Co Ltd and another v GMR Malé International
Airport Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 449 (“Maldives Airports”) (at [53]) that this
principle is necessary because the court is asked to assess the balance of
convenience at an early stage and based only on affidavit evidence. In
particular, the Court of Appeal framed the question as whether the party who
is later shown to have been wrongly subjected to an injunction may be
adequately compensated by an award of damages.

19 Further, interim injunctions may be further categorised into interim
prohibitory injunctions and interim mandatory injunctions. While the former
forbids the commission or continuation of an act, the latter compels the
defendant to do a positive act to repair an omission or restore the status quo
by undoing some act (see RGA Holdings at [29]). This distinction is important
because the grant of interim mandatory injunctions is “a very exceptional
discretionary remedy” and there is thus “a much higher threshold to be met in
order to persuade the court to grant such an injunction as compared to an
ordinary [prohibitory] injunction” (see RGA Holdings at [31], citing the Court
of Appeal decision of NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte
Ltd [2008] 2 SLR(R) 565 at [75]).

My decision: the interim injunctions should not be granted

20 Applying these general principles, I decide that the interim injunctions
should not be granted.

There is no serious question to be tried

21 First, I am not satisfied that there is a serious question to be tried. In
sum, the requirement that there is a serious question to be tried necessitates
the claimant to prove that their claim is not frivolous or vexatious (see the
House of Lords decision of American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd [1975] AC 396
(“American Cyanamid”) at 407).

The test for a serious question to be tried

22 In this regard, it is relevant to highlight that the test for an interim
injunction previously required the claimant to show a “strong prima facie case
that the right which he seeks to protect in fact exists” (see the English
Court of Appeal decision of Smith v Grigg Ltd [1924] 1 KB 655 at 659).
However, as Lord Diplock explained, this has since been replaced with the test
of whether there are serious questions to be tried, because the evidence
before the court during the hearing in relation to the interim injunction
would often be incomplete (see American Cyanamid at 406). Indeed, such
evidence is also given by affidavit and would not have been tested by cross-
examination (see Maldives Airports at [53]). As such, the purpose of interim
injunctions – to protect the plaintiff’s interests pending a full trial on the
merits – would be stultified if the court’s discretion to grant an interim
injunction “were clogged by a technical rule forbidding its exercise if upon
that incomplete untested evidence the court evaluated the chances of the
plaintiff’s ultimate success in the action at 50 [percent] or less, but
permitting its exercise if the court evaluated his chances at more than 50
[percent]” (see American Cyanamid at 406). Ultimately, Lord Diplock emphasised
that the court’s function at the interlocutory stages of proceedings is not to
try to resolve conflicts of evidence on affidavit as to facts on which the
claims of either party may depend nor to decide difficult questions of law
that call for detailed argument (see American Cyanamid at 407).

23 The threshold for finding a serious question to be tried does not appear to
be particularly high. For instance, in the High Court decision of Chen
Mingxing and others v Zhang Jian and others [2021] SGHC 3, in relation to the
plaintiffs’ application for an interim injunction to restrain the defendants
from disposing of any shares in a company pending trial, the court found that
there was a serious question to be tried because the evidence disclosed an
investment plan that the defendants had known about and had benefitted them.
While the court noted that there remained unanswered questions and facts in
contention, these remained for the trial judge to determine and what mattered
at this stage was that the plaintiffs’ pleaded case revealed serious questions
to be tried. Indeed, for a claimant to fail in establishing a serious question
to be tried, they must have “prospects [that] are so small that they lack
substance and reality” (see Singapore Civil Procedure 2022 vol 1 (Cavinder
Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2022) (“Singapore Civil Procedure”) at para
13/1/13), or the claim must be “largely speculative” (see the High Court
decision of Sang Cheol Woo v Charles Choi Spackman and others [2021] SGHC 42
(“Spackman”) at [95]).

The serious question to be tried in the present application

24 Before me, the parties differed in their positions on what the serious
question to be tried is for the purposes of the interim injunctions sought. On
the one hand, the claimant argues that it is the broader question of whether
she has a viable case in minority oppression. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023 (“CWS”) at paras 44–51.

The claimant explains that the diversion or dissipation of company assets can
amount to oppression. As such, it must follow that she has the right to
injunctions to stop such diversion or dissipation so long as she can establish
a credible case in minority oppression. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CWS at para 46.

On the other hand, the defendants argue that the serious question to be tried
is the more specific question of whether the claimant has proprietary interest
over the Properties, since she is seeking, in substance, proprietary
injunctions. Framed this way, it is implicit in the claimant’s
characterisation of the question to be tried that she does not think that it
is necessary for her to have a proprietary interest over the Properties so as
to pursue the injunctions sought. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1st, 3rd, and 5th Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 19 October 2023
(“135DWS”) at paras 49–57; 2nd Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 19
October 2023 (“2DWS”) at para 59.

25 To resolve this conflict between the parties’ positions, it is necessary to
determine what the serious question to be tried is. In my view, while the
claimant is correct that the broader question in OC 158 pertains to whether
she has a viable case in minority oppression, it does not follow that that is
the serious question to be tried in the present application. This is because
even if the claimant establishes that she has a viable case in minority
oppression, it is a different question whether she is entitled to the specific
reliefs which she seeks. To put this in another way, even if the claimant
convinces me that there is a serious question to be tried as to whether she
has been oppressed as a minority shareholder of SLH, this says nothing about
the sort of remedy, which may include a buyout of the minority’s shares, that
may be made available to her, as an oppressed shareholder, at the end of
trial. Such a remedy of a buyout would not be of the same nature as the
proprietary remedies she is asking for in the present application. It follows,
however, that even though I have, for the reasons to follow, decided that
there is no serious question to be tried in the present application, it does
not mean that the claimant’s claim in OC 158 lacks “substance and reality”
(see Singapore Civil Procedure at para 13/1/13), or that the claim is “largely
speculative” (see Spackman at [95]). I am only here concerned with whether
there is a serious question to be tried in so far as the interim injunctions
sought are concerned.

26 I therefore agree with the defendants that the serious question to be tried
for the present application is whether the claimant is entitled to the very
relief she seeks, which are the interim injunctions over the Properties
concerned. This requires me to consider the proper characterisation of the
interim injunctions. Since the defendants have argued that these are really
proprietary injunctions, I turn next to discuss what is a proprietary
injunction.

There is no serious question to be tried in the present application

(1) The claimant requires a proprietary interest to seek the interim
injunctions

27 To begin with, a proprietary injunction is a relief that stems from the
exercise of the Chancery Court’s jurisdiction, that fastens on the specific
asset in which the claimant asserts a proprietary interest, and prevents the
defendant from dealing with that asset and its traceable proceeds (see the
Court of Appeal decision of Ernest Ferdinand Perez De La Sala v Compañía De
Navegación Palomar, SA and others [2020] 1 SLR 950 at [59]). As such, a
proprietary injunction is a specific form of prohibitory injunction (see the
Court of Appeal decision of Bouvier, Yves Charles Edgar and another v Accent
Delight International Ltd and another and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 558
(“Bouvier”) at [144]).

28 As with the General Division’s power to grant an injunction generally, the
court’s power to grant a proprietary injunction specifically is also located
in s 18(2) read with para 5(a) of the First Schedule to the SCJA. The
applicable test is thus the same as the generally applicable test for granting
interim injunctions, with the qualification that the first requirement that
there is a serious question to be tried will be satisfied as long as the
claimant has a “seriously arguable case that they [have] a proprietary
interest” (see Bouvier at [151], citing the English Court of Appeal decision
of Derby & Co Ltd v Weldon (No 1) [1990] Ch 48 at 64A–64B). In this regard, it
bears mentioning that a proprietary injunction ought not to be confused with a
freezing injunction. This is because a freezing injunction is granted in
support of a claim for personal relief and does not latch on to any specific
asset of the defendant. Instead, it merely prevents the defendant from
dissipating his assets beyond a certain value to defeat a possible judgment
that may in due course be rendered against him. On the other hand, it is clear
that a proprietary injunction is granted in support of a claim for proprietary
relief (see Bouvier at [143]–[144]).

29 Given that a proprietary injunction is one which attaches to the property
concerned so as to prohibit any dealings with it, I am of the view that the
interim injunctions which the claimant seeks should be properly characterised
as proprietary injunctions. I say this for the following three reasons.

30 First, although the interim injunctions sought are framed as “interim
prohibitory injunction[s]”, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

HC/SUM 2781/2022 filed 29 July 2022 (Amendment No. 1).

this does not preclude the court from finding that they are, in substance,
proprietary injunctions. For instance, in Spackman, although the claimant had
applied for an “interim injunction” preventing the defendant from: (a) selling
or transferring shares; (b) disposing of the sale proceeds of the shares; and
(c) causing the sale proceeds to be transferred to third parties (at [36]),
the court characterised the injunction sought as a proprietary injunction
because it would “prevent dealings with particular assets or traceable
proceeds thereof” (at [97]–[98]). Relatedly, in the High Court decision of CLM
v CLN and others [2022] 5 SLR 273, the court did not question the plaintiff’s
characterisation of an injunction “prohibiting the first defendants from
dealing with, disposing of, or diminishing the value of the Stolen
Cryptocurrency Assets” as a proprietary injunction. In the present
application, because the claimant is applying to restrain the transfer of the
Properties to the first and fifth defendants, I am satisfied that the
injunctions are, in substance, proprietary injunctions because they seek to
prevent any diversion or dissipation of the Properties.

31 Second, I find that it is immaterial that the injunctions sought are
intended to prevent the diversion or dissipation of the Properties pending the
determination of OC 158, instead of being so-called “freestanding” injunctions
(on the issue of whether there can ever be a “freestanding” injunction, see
the important discussion of the General Division in the recent case of Gazelle
Ventures Pte Ltd v Lim Yong Sim and others [2023] SGHC 328 at [2] and
[66]–[72], though see also the UK Supreme Court decision of Wolverhampton City
Council and others v London Gypsies and Travellers and others [2023] UKSC 47
at [43]–[49]). This is because the litmus test for determining if an
injunction is proprietary in nature remains whether they fasten upon the asset
in question, and not the purpose for which the injunction is sought. In this
regard, I note that in the High Court decision of Janesh s/o Rajkumar v
Unknown Person (“CHEFPIERRE”) [2023] 3 SLR 1191 (at [25]), the application was
for a “proprietary injunction prohibiting the defendant from in any way
dealing with the Bored Ape NFT, until after the trial of Originating Claim No
41 of 2022” [emphasis added]. Despite the purpose of the injunction being
clear, it did not appear to affect the court’s characterisation of it as a
proprietary injunction.

32 Third, I do not think that the claimant’s reference to two English
decisions, which have granted what appears to be proprietary injunctions in
the context of a minority oppression claim despite the applicant not
possessing any proprietary interest over the assets concerned, assists her
case. In my view, these decisions are different because they do not involve
proprietary injunctions.

33 The first decision is Re Mountforest Ltd [1993] BCC 565 (“Re Mountforest
Ltd”), where Harman J granted, among others, an injunction restraining the
respondents from acting upon resolutions intended to be passed at two
extraordinary general meetings. These resolutions would authorise the sale of
the assets of the company, and Harman J opined that “it cannot be right to
allow the company to pass a resolution which will have the effect of
purporting to validate a transaction which does not in fact comply with the
resolution” (at 571). Where this decision differs from the present application
is in the nature of the injunction sought. The claimant there was seeking to
restrain shareholders from acting on resolutions proposed to be passed on the
basis that the supporting shareholders did not genuinely intend to act in
accordance with those resolutions, and are instead seeking to use those
resolutions to validate non-compliant transactions. The injunction sought in
Re Mountforest Ltd thus does not involve any proprietary interest per se. Yet,
while the first defendant had previously requisitioned SSLRC to hold an EGM to
vote on the transfer of the Properties on 1 August 2022, following the
undertaking by the first defendant on 29 July 2022, the resolutions pertaining
to the transfer of the Properties were withdrawn. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Karen’s 1st Affidavit at para 53; 1st Affidavit of Lim Soon Huat dated 22
August 2022 at p 244; 1st Affidavit of Lim Teong Huat dated 22 August 2022 at
para 14.

Therefore, as it stands, there are no resolutions proposing the transfer of
the Properties. The nature of the interim injunctions sought here is therefore
quite different from the injunction granted in Re Mountforest Ltd.

34 The second decision is Re Ravenhart Service (Holdings) Ltd [2004] 2 BCLC
376, where Etherton J granted the claimant’s application for an interim
injunction restraining the company and the subsidiaries from making payments
by way of remuneration to the respondents pending the determination of the
petition. It is pertinent to note that the claimant there sought to restrain
the making of payments by way of remuneration, which is quite unlike the
present application to restraint the transfer of properties.

35 Accordingly, given that the injunctions sought in the present application
are proprietary injunctions, in order for the claimant to show a serious
question to be tried, it is incumbent on the claimant to establish a
proprietary interest in the Properties. The question is whether she has done
so.

(2) The claimant does not have proprietary interest to seek the interim
injunctions

36 In my judgment, the claimant does not have proprietary interest to seek the
interim injunctions. In this regard, Spackman is of assistance, where the
court found that “the substantive claim … would not, even if successful,
entitle the [claimant] to relief in respect of the shares and/or the traceable
proceeds thereof specifically”, but instead, it was a personal claim that
“would entitle them to damages that can be assessed” (see Spackman at [101]).
Similarly, even if the claimant is successful in OC 158, her claim is
personal, qua shareholder. There is no proprietary relief that she is entitled
to.

37 This must be the case because a shareholder owns no interest, legal or
equitable, in any of the company’s assets by virtue of holding shares in the
company (see the Court of Appeal decision of Miao Weiguo v Tendcare Medical
Group Holdings Pte Ltd (formerly known as Tian Jian Hua Xia Medical Group
Holdings Pte Ltd) (in judicial management) and another [2022] 1 SLR 884 at
[115]). Accordingly, it would not be right to grant the claimant a proprietary
injunction over the Properties, which she would not ultimately have control
of. As to the claimant’s point that further damage would be caused to her by
the transfer of the Properties, the answer is that she can be adequately
financially compensated (see [43] below).

(3) It is not necessary to decide whether the claimant is a proper plaintiff

38 For completeness, the first defendant also argues that the claimant is not
the proper plaintiff in that the injury allegedly suffered by the claimant is
not distinct from the injury allegedly suffered by SLH. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

13DWS at paras 63–64.

In this regard, based on the test set out by the Court of Appeal in Ho Yew
Kong v Sakae Holdings Ltd and other appeals and other matters [2018] 2 SLR
333, a claimant suing on an oppression claim must show how the breach is not
merely a corporate wrong, but instead, a wrong they suffer qua shareholder
(see the Court of Appeal decision of Ong Heng Chuan v Ong Teck Chuan and
others [2021] 2 SLR 262 at [33]). In this regard, the claimant submits that if
the Properties were to be transferred to the first and the fifth defendants,
she would be deprived of any future rental income from the Properties and the
future value of the Properties. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

2nd Affidavit of Leong Quee Ching Karen dated 5 September 2022 (“Karen’s 2nd
Affidavit”) at para 7(b).

Further, SLH would lose valuable assets. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Karen’s 2nd Affidavit at para 58(d).

39 Given my conclusion above that the claimant has failed to establish
proprietary interest in the Properties and therefore has not shown a serious
question to be tried, I do not find it necessary to decide whether she is a
proper plaintiff, which can be left to the hearing of OC 158. This is because,
even if the claimant can demonstrate that she is a proper plaintiff, this is
insufficient to establish a serious question to be tried in relation to the
transfer of the Properties, which is premised on her having the requisite
proprietary interest.

40 Accordingly, for the reasons given above, I am of the view that there is no
serious question to be tried in so far as the interim injunctions concerning
the Properties are concerned, because the claimant has no proprietary interest
in the Properties. This is sufficient to dispose of the claimant’s
application. Nevertheless, assuming that there is a serious question to be
tried, I now consider whether the balance of convenience lies in favour of
granting the injunctions.

The balance of convenience does not lie in favour of granting the interim
injunctions

41 For the reasons that I will now develop, I find that the balance of
convenience does not lie in favour of granting the injunctions.

The test for determining the balance of convenience

42 In determining where the balance of convenience lies, the court proceeds on
a two-stage analysis: (a) at the first stage, the court considers whether
damages would be an adequate remedy for the respective parties; and (b) at the
second stage, if damages would not be an adequate remedy, or if the court is
doubtful about the adequacy of damages, the court considers where the balance
of convenience lies (see Singapore Civil Procedure at paras 13/1/14 to
13/1/16). Relevant factors at the second stage include the risk of irreparable
damage (see the High Court decision of Challenger Technologies Ltd v Courts
(Singapore) Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 679 at [32]) and the potential hardship an
injunction may bring to the party enjoined (see the Court of Appeal decision
of Reed Exhibitions Pte Ltd v Khoo Yak Chuan Thomas and another [1995] 3
SLR(R) 383 at [21]).

43 One qualification to the above test in the context of an oppression action
under s 216 of the Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) is that it should not be
framed in terms of the adequacy of damages. This is because in the event that
the oppression claim is successfully made out, s 216 does not provide for
damages as a remedy. However, there are remedies providing for financial
compensation, such as a buyout order. Indeed, the same has been observed in
the UK, where because s 461 of the Companies Act 1985 (c 6) (UK) does not
provide for an award of damages at common law, but allows the court to order
various forms of financial compensation, the inquiry should be whether there
is an adequate remedy for the claimant (see the English High Court decision of
Re Posgate & Denby (Agencies) Ltd [1987] BCLC 8 at 15–16 and the English Court
of Appeal decision of Pringle and others v Callard [2008] 2 BCLC 505 at
[26]–[27]). It is therefore more precise to frame the inquiry as whether the
claimant may be adequately financially compensated.

The balance of convenience does not lie in favour of granting the interim
injunctions

44 I begin by considering the first stage in the balance of convenience
analysis. In my view, even if the interim injunctions are not granted, and the
claimant is successful in OC 158, the claimant may be adequately financially
compensated. This is because even if the Properties are transferred, any loss
caused to the claimant remains quantifiable. In this regard, I do not accept
that the claimant would find it difficult to quantify any potential loss
because there are plans to redevelop the Geylang area, on which one of the
Properties lie. It cannot be that the mere fact of redevelopment renders it
impossible to reach an objective valuation of a property. If so, this would
mean that the properties within the area of redevelopment cannot be valued
until the redevelopment is completed, which cannot be the case.

45 In this regard, while the Court of Appeal in Bouvier (at [157]) appeared to
treat “unique property, or property that cannot be readily purchased or
substituted on the market” differently from fungible assets in the context of
proprietary injunctions, the claimant’s case is not that the Properties are
unique and cannot be easily replaced. Instead, the claimant’s case is premised
on the valuation of the Properties, which must mean that the claimant is
concerned with the economic value of the Properties, and not any unique value
that cannot be quantified in monetary terms.

46 Further, the claimant had been previously presented with a written offer by
the first defendant dated 2 August 2022, which the claimant herself conceded
during a hearing on 27 September 2022 to be a reasonable offer that “dealt
with” and “sufficiently addressed” the issue of the Properties. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Certified Transcript 27 September 2022 at p 2 lines 20–27, p 7 lines 1–2, and
p 7 line 30 to p 8 line 1.

In so far as the adequacy of financial compensation is concerned, this
concession suggests that the claimant can be adequately financially
compensated.

47 Accordingly, because the claimant may be adequately financially
compensated, the balance of convenience does not lie in favour of granting the
injunctions.

Other relevant factors

48 For completeness, I consider other relevant factors, in particular, the
behaviour of the claimant in bringing the present application.

49 Because an interim injunction is a form of equitable relief, the applicant
must come to the court with clean hands. This does not mean that the applicant
must be blameless in all ways. With that being said, in order to prevent a
person from receiving equitable relief, the undesirable behaviour must be more
than general depravity. It must also have an immediate and necessary relation
to the equity sued for and must be a depravity in a legal as well as in a
moral sense (see the High Court decision of Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v
United Overseas Bank Ltd [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 at [224]–[226]).

50 Additionally, as the learned authors of Snell’s Equity (Sweet & Maxwell,
34th Ed, 2020) observed, a claimant applying for an interim injunction must
demonstrate the urgency of the application (at para 18-065):

… Moreover, interim relief is granted only in matters of urgency, so that a
claimant who delays thereby demonstrates the absence of any urgency requiring
prompt relief. Even a month’s delay between the assertion of a right and the
commencement of proceedings may debar the claimant if in the meantime the
defendant has contracted to let the subject-matter to third parties. Delay is,
however, of less significance where the case turns simply on the construction
of documents.

[footnotes omitted]

51 Indeed, delay is relevant because it affects the “practical doing of
justice on the application” and “raises questions about whether the claimant
really needs an injunction pending trial” (see Steven Gee, Commercial
Injunctions (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2016) at para 2-022). For instance, in
the High Court decision of Meespierson NV v Industrial and Commercial Bank of
Vietnam [1998] 1 SLR(R) 287 (at [29]–[30]), the court observed that a delay of
nine months before an application for a Mareva injunction was made indicated
that there was no real risk of dissipation, and the injunction was to “oppress
the defendants and force them to settle and/or to obtain security for the
claim”, which “was an abuse of the process of [the] court”. And in the English
High Court decision of JSC BTA Bank v Ablyazov and others [2009] EWHC 2840
(Comm) (at [18]), the delay of five months was “a point worthy of
consideration because delay in seeking a Freezing Order can indicate that
there is no real risk of dissipation”.

52 In the present case, although I am satisfied that the claimant has not
acted with such depravity that would bar the present application, I agree with
the defendants that there has been substantial delay in the claimant’s
bringing of the present application. The claimant sent a letter to the
defendants on 30 March 2022 stating her concerns regarding the transfer of the
Properties, but the present application was filed only on 27 July 2022. If the
transfer of the Properties were as serious as the claimant alleges, it was
unclear why she took close to four months before applying to restrain the
transfer of the Properties. In my view, this is a relevant factor that
militates against granting the interim injunctions sought by the claimant.

Conclusion

53 For all the reasons given above, I find that there is no serious question
to be tried in relation to the claimant’s application for the interim
injunctions, that the balance of convenience does not lie in favour of
granting the injunctions, and that the claimant’s delay in seeking the
injunctions militate against granting the injunctions. As such, I dismiss the
claimant’s application.

54 Unless the parties are able to agree on costs for this application, they
are to file their submissions on costs, limited to seven pages each, within 14
days of this decision.

Goh Yihan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ng Ka Luon Eddee, Tnee Zixian Keith, Lee Pei Hua Rachel and Foo Yiew Min (Tan
Kok Quan Partnership) for the claimant;

Sarbjit Singh Chopra, Roshan Singh Chopra and Yuen Zi Gui (Selvam LLC) for the
first, third and fifth defendants;

Tan Teng Muan and Loh Li Qin (UniLegal LLC) for the second defendant;

Eugene Jedidiah Low Yeow Chin (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the fourth
defendant;

Tan Kheng Ann Alvin (Wong Thomas & Leong) for the sixth defendant (watching
brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 09 Jan 2024 (10:06 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

