Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 45

Originating Application No 221 of 2022

Between

Ng Hong Khiang

… Applicant

And

Wu Cuiyun

… Respondent

ORAL JUDGMENT

[Land — Interest in land]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Hong Khiang

  
v

  

Wu Cuiyun

[2023] SGHC 45

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 221 of 2022  
Tan Siong Thye J  
19–20 January 2023

24 February 2023

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 This Originating Application is lodged by Ng Hong Khiang (“the Applicant”)
seeking an order from the Court to sell the property at 1 Bukit Batok Street
25, #09-01, Parkview Apartment, Singapore 658882 (“the Property”). The
Applicant also wishes to retain 30.24% of the sale proceeds which is his
contribution towards the purchase of the Property. The Property is registered
wholly in the name of Wu Cuiyun (“the Respondent”).

2 The Applicant and the Respondent were in a romantic relationship at the time
the Property was purchased in 2014. The Applicant claims that he and the
Respondent had an oral agreement where the parties agreed to contribute monies
towards the purchase of the Property. Further, the Applicant claims that they
had agreed that the Property would be sold upon either party’s request, with
the sale proceeds divided in the proportion of each party’s contributions
towards the purchase price and costs incurred in the acquisition of the
Property (referred to collectively as the “purchase price and costs of the
Property”).

3 The Respondent denies that there was such an oral agreement. Instead, the
Respondent claims that the Applicant’s contribution towards the purchase price
and costs of the Property was a gift to the Respondent in consideration of
their relationship.

The facts

The parties’ relationship

4 The Applicant and the Respondent first became acquainted in 2010. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Statement of Facts (“ASOF”).

At that time, the Respondent was working for the Applicant at a KTV Lounge. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 19, lines 11 to 27; 19 January 2023 Transcript
at p 83, lines 24 to 28.

They entered into a romantic relationship in or about 2011. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ASOF at para 5.

The Applicant was married at that time and the Respondent knew that the
Applicant was married. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ASOF at para 5.

The Respondent was also married at that time. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 89, lines 15 to 19.

Later, she and her husband divorced. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 89, line 20.

The purchase of the Property in 2014

5 In 2014, the Applicant and the Respondent agreed to purchase the Property. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ASOF at para 6.

The purchase price was S$838,888.00. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ASOF at para 6.

The Respondent exercised the Option to Purchase in respect of the Property in
September 2014 and instructed M/s PKWA Law Practice LLC (“PKWA”) to act for
her in the purchase. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ASOF at para 7.

6 It is undisputed that the following payments were made by the Applicant
towards the purchase price and costs of the Property:

(a) S$8,388.88 by way of a cheque for S$8,350.00 and cash of S$38.88 for
payment of the option fee equivalent to 1% of the purchase price of the
Property. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ASOF at para 8(a) and a table prepared by parties containing a list of
payments made by each party in respect of purchase of the Property (“Table of
Payments”).

(b) S$33,555.52 by way of a cheque for payment of the option exercise fee
equivalent to 4% of the purchase price of the Property. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ASOF at para 8(b) and Table of Payments.

(c) S$2,500.00 by way of a cheque for payment of PKWA’s fees in respect of the
purchase of the Property. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ASOF at para 8(c) and Table of Payments.

(d) S$61,710.00 by way of a cheque for payment of stamp duties payable in
respect of the purchase price of the Property. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ASOF at para 8(d) and Table of Payments.

(e) S$166,943.60 by way of a cheque for the cash component of the purchase
price of the Property. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ASOF at para 8(e) and Table of Payments

7 It is undisputed that the Respondent obtained a loan from the Standard
Chartered Bank for the sum of S$630,000.00 by way of a mortgage in her name
secured on the Property. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ASOF at para 9.

This formed part of the Respondent’s contribution towards the purchase price
and costs of the Property. It is also undisputed that the Respondent has been
paying the monthly mortgage repayments to the Bank. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 72, lines 6 to 16; 20 January 2023 Transcript
at p 22, lines 14 to 26.

The parties’ cases

The Applicant’s case

8 The Applicant claims that the parties had entered into an oral agreement
before the purchase of the Property. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Applicant’s Affidavit dated 15 June 2022 (“Applicant’s 15 June 2022
Affidavit”) at para 7.

According to the Applicant, the terms of the purported oral agreement are as
follows:

(a) The Applicant and Respondent would each contribute monies to invest in the
Property. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicant’s 15 June 2022 Affidavit at para 7(a).

(b) The Respondent would obtain a loan to fund her contribution towards the
purchase of the Property by way of a mortgage in her name secured on the
Property. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicant’s 15 June 2022 Affidavit at para 7(b).

(c) The Applicant would fund the cash component of the purchase price of the
Property and pay all applicable stamp duties and legal costs associated with
the purchase of the Property. The Applicant would also pay the maintenance
fees in respect of the Property after the completion of the purchase of the
Property. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicant’s 15 June 2022 Affidavit at paras 7(c) to (e).

(d) The Property would be sold upon either party’s request, with the sale
proceeds divided in the proportion of each party’s contributions towards the
purchase price and costs of the Property. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Applicant’s 15 June 2022 Affidavit at para 7(f).

9 Based on the respective payments made by the parties as listed above, the
Applicant claims that he had contributed a total sum of S$273,098.00 towards
the purchase price and costs of the Property while the Respondent’s
contribution was the S$630,000.00 loan amount obtained by way of a mortgage in
her name. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Applicant’s 15 June 2022 Affidavit at paras 12 and 13.

The Applicant, therefore, states that he contributed 30.24% towards the
purchase price and costs of the Property. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Applicant’s 15 June 2022 Affidavit at para 13.

He seeks an order from the Court that the Property be sold and he retains
30.24% of the sale proceeds.

The Respondent’s case

10 The Respondent claims that there was no oral agreement between the parties.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Respondent’s Affidavit dated 6 July 2022 (“Respondent’s 6 July 2022
Affidavit”) at para 4.1.

Instead, the Respondent claims that the Applicant’s contribution towards the
purchase price and costs of the Property was a gift to the Respondent. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Respondent’s 6 July 2022 Affidavit at para 12.

The Respondent claims that this gift was made by the Applicant because of the
parties’ long intimate relationship and in consideration for all the years
that they had been together. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Respondent’s 6 July 2022 Affidavit at paras 12 and 14.

11 The Respondent also states that because the Applicant was married at that
time, he knew he would be unable to marry the Respondent. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondent’s 6 July 2022 Affidavit at para 13.

Therefore, the Applicant told her that his contribution towards the purchase
price and costs of the Property was intended to be a “betrothal gift” or
wedding present to her as the Applicant had accepted that there would be a day
when the Applicant and Respondent would no longer be in a relationship. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondent’s 6 July 2022 Affidavit at para 14.

12 Further, the Respondent claims that beyond the undisputed contributions
made by the parties, the Respondent also made the following additional
payments towards the purchase price and costs of the Property:

(a) First, the Respondent claims that she gave S$130,000.00 to the Applicant
on 4 November 2014 by way of a cheque for S$50,000.00 and another cheque for
S$80,000.00. The Respondent asserts that these amounts which she gave to the
Applicant were used towards the purchase price and costs of the Property. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Respondent’s 6 July 2022 Affidavit at paras 20 to 21.

(b) Second, the Respondent claims that she made two other payments totalling
S$4,000.00 towards the purchase price and costs of the Property to PKWA. These
payments were made by way of a cheque for S$3,000.00 and another cheque for
S$1,000.00. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Respondent’s 6 July 2022 Affidavit at paras 22 to 23.

13 The Respondent, therefore, states that the Applicant’s contribution towards
the purchase price and costs of the Property was only S$139,098.00 instead of
the contribution of S$273,098.00 which the Applicant alleges he had made. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Respondent’s 6 July 2022 Affidavit at para 25.

The Respondent arrives at this number by deducting her purported additional
contribution of S$134,000.00 from the Applicant’s contribution of
S$273,098.00.

Issues to be determined

14 The Court has to consider the following issues:

(a) First, whether the Applicant’s contribution towards the purchase price and
costs of the Property was part of an oral agreement between the parties that
each party would be entitled to the sale proceeds according to the parties’
contributions should the Property be sold or whether the Applicant’s
contribution towards the purchase of the Property was a gift to the
Respondent.

(b) Second, if the Applicant’s contribution towards the purchase price and
costs of the Property was part of an oral agreement between the parties, what
were the respective contributions of the parties towards the purchase price
and costs of the Property.

My decision

Whether the Applicant’s contribution towards the purchase price and costs of
the Property was pursuant to an oral agreement as described by the Applicant
or was the Applicant’s contribution a gift to the Respondent

15 The Applicant alleges that the Respondent told him sometime in 2014 that
she was thinking of purchasing a condominium in Singapore. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Applicant’s 15 June 2022 Affidavit at para and 19 January 2023 Transcript at p
25 (line 24) to p 26 (line 6).

The intention of the parties then was to purchase a condominium and make a
profit when they eventually decided to sell the condominium in the future. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 26, lines 12 to 26.

The Applicant then proposed to the Respondent that the Property be purchased
in her name, with the Applicant making the upfront cash payments while the
Respondent would apply for a bank loan against the Property. The Respondent
was to bear the responsibility for the monthly mortgage repayments of the
loan. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 26, lines 6 to 8.

The Applicant alleged that he owned a few properties at that time and, in
order to avoid the payment of high stamp duty fees, the Property was purchased
in the name of the Respondent. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 28, lines 4 to 14.

16 The Applicant played an active role in the purchase of the Property. He
engaged a property agent to facilitate the viewing of different condominiums.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

20 January 2023 Transcript at p 10, lines 19 to 20.

The Applicant shortlisted the properties to be viewed. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

20 January 2023 Transcript at p 10, lines 21 to 24.

He assisted the Respondent to obtain the loan of S$630,000.00 under her name
through a banker whom he knew at Standard Chartered Bank. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 30 (line 30) to p 31 (line 3).

In the Respondent’s words, the Applicant “handled all the matters because [the
Respondent] did not know how to handle them”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

20 January 2023 Transcript at p 6, lines 26 to 29.

17 The counsel for the Respondent claims that the Applicant’s contribution
towards the purchase price and costs of the Property was a love gift to her.
However, the evidence does not support the Respondent’s contention.

18 First, the Respondent said the Applicant’s contribution was a gift in her
affidavit. However, when the Respondent was questioned by the counsel for the
Applicant, the Respondent also referred to the Applicant’s contribution as a
“dowry”: 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 91, lines 9 to 19; 20 January 2023 Transcript
at p 21, lines 3 to 14.

Q But certainly, Ms Wu, the---you have taken the view all along, not just now
but all along, since it was purchased that the property is a gift, correct,
all along.

…

A Yes, because he told me that this was only a portion of what he was gifting
me. He also told me that if I were to get married one day and that I would no
longer be with him, this would---this property would be my dowry. He said this
to me at least three times.

Q Do you mean to say that this property would be yours only if you got married
one day?

A No. All along the property is mine.

19 Based on the Respondent’s account, the Applicant had told her that the
Property would be her “dowry” if she were to get married one day. A “dowry” is
undeniably very different from a gift. The Respondent’s original case was that
the Applicant had intended that his contribution was to be a gift to the
Respondent from the outset. Though the Respondent later clarified that the
Property was hers all along, this is difficult to reconcile with her account
that the Property would be her “dowry” which would materialise only if she
were to get married in the future. Therefore, since the Respondent has yet to
remarry then the Applicant’s contribution towards the purchase price and costs
of the Property remains with the Applicant.

20 Second, I refer to the WeChat messages between the Applicant and the
Respondent in February 2022. When the Applicant first suggested to the
Respondent to sell the Property after the breakdown of their relationship, her
responses focused on: (a) the length of time she had been staying in the
Property, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Co Victoriano Hui’s Affidavit dated 18 January 2022, Exhibit CVH-01 at p 14.

(b) the fact that the Applicant had supposedly told her that the Property
would be treated as her “dowry” if the Respondent were to really marry someone
one day, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Co Victoriano Hui’s Affidavit dated 18 January 2022, Exhibit CVH-01 at p 15.

and (c) that the Respondent had spent the prime years of her life with the
Applicant. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Co Victoriano Hui’s Affidavit dated 18 January 2022, Exhibit CVH-01 at p 17.

21 What was noticeably absent from the WeChat messages, however, was any
reference to the Applicant’s intention for his contribution to be a gift to
the Respondent at the time of the purchase of the Property. When questioned
about this, the Respondent stated that she had spoken about the Applicant’s
contribution being a gift during a telephone call which she had with the
Applicant in the midst of sending the WeChat messages. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 93, lines 17 to 24.

However, no objective evidence was produced to show that this telephone call
was made by the Respondent. If it were true that the Applicant had told the
Respondent that he intended his contribution towards the purchase price and
costs of the Property to be a gift to the Respondent, she would have
immediately told the Applicant in the WeChat messages that he had intended his
contribution towards the purchase price and costs of the Property to be a gift
to her at the time the Property was bought. This was not found in any of the
WeChat messages. The Respondent’s allegation that the Applicant’s contribution
was a gift is so very important to her case and one would expect that to be in
her WeChat messages.

22 Further, when I asked the Respondent why she had not mentioned anything
about the Applicant’s contribution towards the purchase price and costs of the
Property being a gift in her WeChat messages, the Respondent reiterated that
she did so over a telephone call but once again stated that she had told the
Applicant in the telephone call that the Applicant’s contribution was meant to
be her “dowry”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

20 January 2023 Transcript at p 21, lines 3 to 14.

First, this betrays the Respondent’s case that this was a gift by the
Applicant, since a “dowry” is undeniably different from a gift as I have
earlier alluded to. Second, the inference from the absence in her WeChat
messages of such an important fact of her case (ie, that the Applicant’s
contribution towards the purchase price and costs of the Property was meant to
be a gift to her) must be that the Applicant’s contribution was not intended
to be a gift to her. When the Respondent realised the importance of not having
this evidence in the WeChat messages, she alleged that she had told the
Applicant over the telephone call made in between the WeChat messages that his
contribution was meant to be a gift. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 93, lines 17 to 24.

This purported telephone call was not mentioned in her pleadings and her
affidavits. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 94, lines 20 to 29.

The first time it was raised was at the hearing. I am unable to accept this
sudden allegation by the Respondent that she had told the Applicant that his
contribution towards the purchase price and costs of the Property was intended
to be a gift to her.

23 On the evidence, I find that the Applicant has proven his case on a balance
of probabilities that his contribution towards the purchase price and costs of
the Property was part of an oral agreement between the parties where, upon
either party’s request, the Property would be sold and the sale proceeds
divided in proportion to each party’s contributions towards the purchase price
and costs of the Property.

24 In view of the above, the Respondent holds a share of the Property, in line
with the proportion of the Applicant’s contribution towards the purchase price
and costs of the Property, on trust for the Applicant.

What were the respective contributions of the parties towards the purchase
price and costs of the Property?

25 I shall now consider the respective contributions of the parties towards
the purchase price and costs of the Property.

26 The key deliberations on the parties’ contributions towards the purchase
price and costs of the Property are:

(a) Whether the amount of S$130,000.00 given by the Respondent to the
Applicant by way of two cheques should be taken as the Respondent’s
contribution towards the purchase price and costs of the Property.

(b) Whether the cheque payments totalling S$4,000.00 made by the Respondent to
PKWA, the lawyers who did the conveyance, should be considered in favour of
the Respondent in assessing the parties’ contributions towards the purchase
price and costs of the Property.

27 Regarding the amount of S$130,000.00, the Applicant does not dispute that
this amount was given by the Respondent to the Applicant. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Applicant’s Affidavit dated 14 October 2022 (“Applicant’s 14 October 2022
Affidavit”) at para 18.

It is also not disputed that the Applicant used the amount of S$130,000.00
received from the Respondent for the payment towards the purchase price and
costs of the Property. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 76, lines 1 to 9; 19 January 2023 Transcript
at p 76 (line 29) to p 77 (line 1).

28 The Applicant alleges that the S$130,000.00 given to him by the Respondent
was actually his money that he gave to the Respondent for safekeeping in the
course of their relationship. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Applicant’s 14 October 2022 Affidavit at paras 19 to 21.

The Applicant claims that sometime from the early or middle of 2012 to the end
of 2013, the Applicant had given the Respondent about S$5,000.00 in cash each
month for safekeeping. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Applicant’s 14 October 2022 Affidavit at para 20; 19 January 2023 Transcript
at p 70, lines 22 to 25.

This was done to conceal his income from his wife and to set aside money for
himself in the event he wished to make large purchases or investments. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Applicant’s 14 October 2022 Affidavit at para 19.

Thus, when the Respondent issued two cheques totalling S$130,000.00 to the
Applicant, she was just returning his money which she had been safekeeping for
the Applicant.

29 However, as was pointed out to the Applicant during his cross-examination,
even by his account that he gave the Respondent S$5,000.00 each month from
early 2012 to December 2013 for safekeeping, this did not add up to the amount
of S$130,000.00 which was given back by the Respondent to the Applicant. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 51 (line 4) to p 53 (line 4).

Based on the Applicant’s account, the amount of money he would have given the
Respondent for safekeeping from early 2012 to December 2013 would have only
been in the range of S$90,000.00 to S$110,000.00, ie, S$5,000.00 per month x
18 to 22 months (depending on the timeframe during which the Applicant gave
the Respondent his money for safekeeping). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 51 (line 4) to p 53 (line 4).

Further, the Applicant’s account at the hearing is inconsistent with his
account in his affidavit dated 14 October 2022. In his affidavit dated 14
October 2022, the Applicant alleged that he gave the Respondent S$5,000.00
each month from the middle of 2012 to October 2014, ie, a period of about 29
months. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Applicant’s 14 October 2022 Affidavit at para 20.

Based on his account, the Applicant would have given the Respondent a sum of
about S$145,000.00, ie, S$5,000.00 per month x 29 months. Therefore, there is
a serious material discrepancy in the Applicant’s evidence regarding the
S$5,000.00 which he allegedly gave to the Respondent every month for
safekeeping. Hence, I find it difficult to believe this aspect of the
Applicant’s evidence.

30 The evidence shows that the Respondent gave the Applicant S$130,000.00 and
this amount was used towards the purchase price and costs of the Property. A
document exhibited in the Applicant’s affidavit, which was a list prepared on
the Applicant’s instruction, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 36, lines 10 to 27.

contained payments made by the parties towards the purchase price and costs of
the Property. This list included the S$130,000.00 given by the Respondent to
the Applicant by way of two cheques. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Applicant’s 15 June 2022 Affidavit at p 19.

When the Applicant was asked to explain why he saw a need to record the amount
of S$130,000.00 given to him by the Respondent in the list, the Applicant
stated that he had “nothing to hide”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 37, lines 4 to 11.

This did not explain the fundamental question: why was S$130,000.00 recorded
in the list as an amount from the Respondent? This list was prepared on the
Applicant’s instruction to set out the parties’ respective contributions
towards the purchase price and costs of the Property. If, indeed, the
Respondent was supposedly safekeeping the S$130,000.00 for him, the Applicant
would have stated in the list that the S$130,000.00 belonged to him. This was
not done.

31 The Respondent denied that the Applicant had given her S$5,000.00 per month
for safekeeping. Why did the Applicant give the S$5,000.00 per month to the
Respondent for safekeeping? He could have put this monthly payment in a bank
account for safekeeping without his wife’s knowledge. Why did he give this
monthly sum of S$5,000.00 to the Respondent for safekeeping, as alleged, for a
short period of time only? This allegation of giving the Respondent S$5,000.00
per month for safekeeping is unbelievable.

32 I, therefore, find that the Applicant has failed to prove, on a balance of
probabilities, that the amount of S$130,000.00 was his money that he gave to
the Respondent for safekeeping. The evidence shows that the S$130,000.00 was
the Respondent’s contribution towards the purchase price and costs of the
Property.

33 Finally, on the issue of the payments totalling S$4,000.00 from the
Respondent to PKWA, it is not disputed that these payments were made by the
Respondent. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 44, lines 12 to 24. See also, Table of
Payments.

These payments were made in relation to the purchase of the Property. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

19 January 2023 Transcript at p 46, lines 14 to 18.

I am of the view that the S$4,000.00 was paid by the Respondent towards the
purchase price and costs of the Property.

34 Accordingly, the Applicant’s contribution towards the purchase price and
costs of the Property was S$139,098.00 while the Respondent’s contribution was
S$764,000.00. This would mean that the Applicant had contributed only 15.4%
towards the purchase price and costs of the Property. I set out a breakdown of
the parties’ contributions in the table below:

Contributions made by the Applicant towards the purchase price and costs of
the Property  
---  
Description| Amount  
Payment of the option fee equivalent to 1% of the purchase price of the
Property| S$8,388.88Paid by way of a cheque for S$8,350.00 and cash of S$38.99  
Payment of the option exercise fee equivalent to 4% of the purchase price of
the Property| S$33,555.52 Paid by way of a cheque  
Payment of PKWA’s fees in respect of the purchase of the Property| S$2,500.00
Paid by way of a cheque  
Payment of stamp duties payable in respect of the purchase price of the
Property| S$61,710.00 Paid by way of a cheque  
Cash component of the purchase price of the Property| S$32,943.60  
Total contribution made by the Applicant towards the purchase price and costs
of the Property: S$139,098.00  
Contributions made by the Respondent towards the purchase price and costs of
the Property  
Description| Amount  
Loan obtained from Standard Chartered Bank by way of a mortgage in the
Respondent’s name secured on the Property| S$630,000.00  
Cash component of the purchase price of the Property| S$130,000.00This was
made by way of two cheques issued by the Respondent to the Applicant  
Fees paid to PKWA towards the purchase of the Property| S$4,000.00Paid by way
of two cheques  
Total contribution made by the Respondent towards the purchase price and costs
of the Property: S$764,000.00  
  
35 I shall now consider the analytical framework set out by the Court of
Appeal in Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”).

Analysing the present case under the analytical framework in Chan Yuen Lan

36 In Chan Yuen Lan (at [160]), the Court of Appeal set out an analytical
framework to be applied in a property dispute involving parties who have
contributed unequal amounts towards the purchase price of a property and who
have not executed a declaration of trust as to how the beneficial interests in
the property are to be apportioned. As set out in Chan Yuen Lan (at [160]),
the steps under this framework are as follows:

(a) Is there sufficient evidence of the parties’ respective financial
contributions to the purchase price of the property? If the answer is “yes”,
it will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the
property in proportion to their respective contributions to the purchase price
(ie, the presumption of resulting trust arises). If the answer is “no”, it
will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the same
manner as that in which the legal interest is held.

(b) Regardless of whether the answer to (a) is “yes” or “no”, is there
sufficient evidence of an express or an inferred common intention that the
parties should hold the beneficial interest in the property in a proportion
which is different from that set out in (a)? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with that common
intention instead, and not in the manner set out in (a). In this regard, the
court may not impute a common intention to the parties where one did not in
fact exist.

(c) If the answer to both (a) and (b) is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in the property in the same manner as the manner in which
they hold the legal interest.

(d) If the answer to (a) is “yes” but the answer to (b) is “no”, is there
nevertheless sufficient evidence that the party who paid a larger part of the
purchase price of the property (“X”) intended to benefit the other party (“Y”)
with the entire amount which he or she paid? If the answer is “yes”, then X
would be considered to have made a gift to Y of that larger sum and Y will be
entitled to the entire beneficial interest in the property.

(e) If the answer to (d) is “no”, does the presumption of advancement
nevertheless operate to rebut the presumption of resulting trust in (a)? If
the answer is “yes”, then: (i) there will be no resulting trust on the facts
where the property is registered in Y’s sole name (ie, Y will be entitled to
the property absolutely); and (ii) the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property jointly where the property is registered in their
joint names. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property in proportion to their respective contributions to
the purchase price.

(f) Notwithstanding the situation at the time the property was acquired, is
there sufficient and compelling evidence of a subsequent express or inferred
common intention that the parties should hold the beneficial interest in a
proportion which is different from that in which the beneficial interest was
held at the time of acquisition of the property? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with the subsequent
altered proportion. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in one of the modes set out at (b)–(e) above, depending on
which is applicable.

37 The present case is one where the Applicant and the Respondent made unequal
contributions towards the purchase price and costs of the Property. The
parties did not execute a declaration of trust as to how the beneficial
interests in the Property are to be apportioned. However, I have made a
finding above that there was an oral agreement between the Applicant and the
Respondent which addresses the issue of the beneficial interests of the
parties in the Property.

38 Applying the Chan Yuen Lan framework, at step (a), in view of my findings
above at [25]–[34], there is sufficient evidence of the parties’ respective
contributions towards the purchase price and costs of the property. Therefore,
it is presumed that the Applicant and the Respondent hold the beneficial
interests in the Property in proportion to their respective contributions
towards the purchase price and costs of the Property, notwithstanding that the
Property was registered in the sole name of the Respondent.

39 Next, at steps (b) and (d), there is no evidence to suggest an express or
an inferred common intention that the Applicant and the Respondent intended to
hold the beneficial interests in the Property in a proportion which is
different from their respective contributions towards the purchase price and
costs of the Property. Under the oral agreement between the parties, upon
either party’s request, the Property would be sold, and the sale proceeds
divided in proportion to each party’s contributions towards the purchase price
and costs of the Property.

40 Further, at step (e), there is no presumption of advancement which arises
in this case to rebut the presumption which arises at step (a). I accept the
Applicant’s submission on this point that the nature of the relationship
between the Applicant and the Respondent, ie, an extra-marital relationship,
is not one where the presumption of advancement usually arises. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Applicant’s 17 February 2023 Submissions para 41, citing Lau Siew Kim v Yeo
Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 at [73]–[74].

Further, given the findings of fact which I have made above at [15]–[24], it
is clear that the Applicant did not intend for his contribution towards the
purchase price and costs of the Property to be a gift to the Respondent.

41 Finally, at step (f), there was no express or inferred common intention
that the Applicant and the Respondent should hold the beneficial interests
differently from the proportions in which the beneficial interests were held
at the time of acquisition of the Property.

42 Accordingly, under the analytical framework in Chan Yuen Lan, the
Respondent holds a share of the Property on trust for the Applicant. In this
case, the share of the Property held on trust for the Applicant is 15.4%,
which is the Applicant’s proportion of contribution towards the purchase price
and costs of the Property. This is consistent with the oral agreement which
existed between the Applicant and the Respondent.

Conclusion

43 For the reasons above, I order that the Property be sold and 15.4% of the
sale proceeds be paid to the Applicant.

44 I shall now hear parties on the issue of costs.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Adrian Wee Heng Yi and Lynette Chang Huay Qin  
(Lighthouse Law LLC) for the applicant;

Baburam Dayalan Naidu (H.A. & Chung Partnership)  
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Feb 2023 (15:32 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

