Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 248

Criminal Revision No 4 of 2023

Between

| Vang Shuiming  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Revision of proceedings]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Bail]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Vang Shuiming

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2023] SGHC 248

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Revision No 4 of 2023  
Vincent Hoong J  
5 September 2023

5 September 2023

Vincent Hoong J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 Mr Vang Shuiming (“the Applicant”) was arrested on 15 August 2023 as part of
an investigation into money-laundering and forgery offences conducted on a
large scale involving numerous suspects. By orders of a District Court, he has
been remanded since 16 August 2023. The Applicant now seeks the exercise of
the High Court’s powers to revoke the said orders of remand and substitute the
orders with an order that the Applicant be granted bail, as well as to revoke
and substitute the order currently in place in relation to the Applicant’s
access to counsel.

Background facts

2 I first set out below the key events which have taken place since the
Applicant’s arrest on 15 August 2023:

(a) On 16 August 2023, the Applicant was produced in the District Court. One
charge under s 471 and punishable under s 465 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) was tendered against the Applicant. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Teh Yee Liang dated 4 September 2023 (“Teh’s Affidavit”) at para
5. For a copy of the charge tendered against the Applicant, see Exhibit WRY-2
enclosed in Affidavit of Wang Ruiyan dated 29 August 2023 (“Wang’s 29 August
Affidavit”).

On the Prosecution’s application, the District Court ordered that the
Applicant be remanded at Central Police Division Headquarters for
investigations for eight days under s 238(3) of the Criminal Procedure Code
2010 (“CPC”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Teh’s Affidavit at para 6.

(b) On 23 August 2023, the Applicant was produced in the District Court.
Applications were made by the Prosecution as well as the Applicant through his
counsel who appeared at the hearing. I set out a summary of these applications
below (with the orders made by the District Court collectively referred to as
the “23 August 2023 Orders”):

(i) The Prosecution made an application under s 238(3) of the CPC for the
Applicant to be further remanded for a period of eight days. The Applicant’s
counsel objected to the Prosecution’s application. The District Court allowed
the Prosecution’s application for the Applicant to be further remanded for a
period of eight days. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Teh’s Affidavit at para 7.

(ii) The Applicant’s counsel applied for an order that the Applicant be
granted immediate access to counsel by way of a 15-minute meeting between the
Applicant and his counsel. The Prosecution objected to this application,
taking the position that immediate access to counsel on 23 August 2023 would
not be in the public interest as it would disrupt the Police’s ability to
discharge their duty and carry out investigations in an effective and
expeditious manner. The Prosecution, however, stated at the hearing that it
was prepared for the Applicant to be granted access to counsel “from 29 August
2023, subject to the Commercial Affairs Department’s (“CAD”) operational
constraints”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Teh’s Affidavit at para 8.

The District Court denied the Applicant’s application for an order that the
Applicant be granted immediate access to counsel.

(iii) The Applicant’s counsel asked for a copy of the Law Society of
Singapore’s Pamphlet of Rights (“the LSS Pamphlet”) to be extended to the
Applicant. The Prosecution informed the District Court that a copy the LSS
Pamphlet had already been handed to the Applicant. No order was necessary in
relation to this point in view of the Prosecution’s response. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Teh’s Affidavit at para 8.

(c) In an email correspondence between the Applicant’s counsel and the
Prosecution before 29 August 2023, the Prosecution explained that the
Applicant would be allowed access to counsel on 29 August 2023. Due to
operational constraints of the CAD, each of the ten suspects arrested as part
of the investigation would be allowed to speak to their counsel for one hour
only. Further, due to space constraints, only two persons were allowed to meet
with each suspect. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Teh’s Affidavit at para 10; see also, Exhibit TYL-1. For a copy of the charges
tendered against the Applicant, see Exhibit WRY-3 enclosed in Affidavit of
Wang Ruiyan dated 1 September 2023 (“Wang’s 1 September Affidavit”).

(d) On 29 August 2023, the following events took place:

(i) The Applicant was allowed access to his counsel for one hour. Two
solicitors attended the meeting on 29 August 2023. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Teh’s Affidavit at para 11.

(ii) The Applicant filed the present application, praying for the High Court
to exercise its revisionary powers under s 401 of the CPC to revoke the 23
August 2023 Orders, and for the Applicant to be granted bail. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Teh’s Affidavit at para 12.

(e) On 30 August 2023, the Applicant was produced in the District Court. Four
further charges under s 54(1)(c) of the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other
Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act 1992 (“CDSA”) were tendered
against the Applicant. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Teh’s Affidavit at para 13.

Applications were made by the Prosecution as well as the Applicant through his
counsel who appeared at the hearing. I set out a summary of these applications
below (with the orders made by the District Court collectively referred to as
the “30 August 2023 Orders”).

(i) The Prosecution made an application under s 238(3) of the CPC for the
Applicant to be further remanded for a period of eight days. The Applicant’s
counsel objected to the Prosecution’s application. The District Court allowed
the Prosecution’s application for the Applicant to be further remanded for a
period of eight days. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Teh’s Affidavit at para 13.

(ii) The Applicant’s counsel applied for an order that the Applicant be
granted access to counsel without any limitations owing to the operational
constraints of the CAD. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Wang’s 1 September Affidavit at para 13.

The Prosecution stated that access ought to be granted subject to the
operational constraints of the CAD, but invited the Applicant’s counsel to
write to the Prosecution with specific requests relating to the Applicant’s
access to counsel. The District Court ordered that the Applicant be allowed
access to counsel, subject to the operational constraints of the CAD. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See Tab 6 of the Prosecution’s Bundle of Authorities (“PBOA”): Notes of
Evidence for District Court hearing on 30 August 2023.

(f) On 1 September 2023, the Applicant’s counsel wrote to the CAD requesting
that the Applicant be allowed access to counsel for two hours on 5 September
2023, and for three persons to be allowed to meet the Applicant. This request
was acceded to by the CAD in an email dated 2 September 2023 by which the
Applicant was allowed access to his counsel from 10.00am to 12.00pm on 5
September 2023, and with three persons allowed to be present at the meeting.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Exhibit TYL-2.

3 The Applicant is dissatisfied with the 23 August 2023 Orders and the 30
August 2023 Orders and prays for them to be revoked. He further prays for an
order that he be granted bail. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Petition for Revision (Amendment No. 1) dated 4 September 2023.

4 Since the filing of this application, the District Judge (“DJ”) has
published his grounds of decision on 4 September 2023 (see Public Prosecutor v
Vang Shuiming [2023] SGDC 201 (“the DJ’s GD”)).

The law on exercise of the High Court’s revisionary power

5 I begin by articulating the general principles governing the exercise of the
High Court’s revisionary powers. In Ang Poh Chuan v Public Prosecutor [1995] 3
SLR(R) 929, Yong Pung How CJ (as he then was) stated at [17] that:

Thus various phrases may be used to identify the circumstances which would
attract the exercise of the revisionary jurisdiction, but they all share the
common denominator that there must be some serious injustice. Of course there
cannot be a precise definition of what would constitute such serious injustice
for that would in any event unduly circumscribe what must be a wide discretion
vested in the court, the exercise of which would depend largely on the
particular facts. But generally it must be shown that there is something
palpably wrong in the decision that strikes at its basis as an exercise of
judicial power by the court below.

6 Similarly, Yong CJ stated in Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v Public Prosecutor
[1998] 3 SLR(R) 196 at [19] that:

… The court’s immediate duty is to satisfy itself as to the correctness,
legality or propriety of any order passed and as to the regularity of any
proceedings of that subordinate court. However, this is not sufficient to
require the intervention of the courts on revision. The irregularity or
otherwise noted from the record of proceedings must have resulted in grave and
serious injustice.

7 The above remarks were cited with approval by Sundaresh Menon CJ in Public
Prosecutor v Yang Yin [2015] 2 SLR 78 (at [25]–[26]), where the High Court
held that the High Court’s revisionary power under s 401 of the CPC is to be
exercised sparingly and the threshold is that of serious injustice. In other
words, the Applicant must show that there is something palpably wrong in the
23 August 2023 Orders and the 30 August 2023 Orders that strikes at its basis
as an exercise of judicial power by the court below.

8 I consider each of the Applicant’s submissions in respect of the 23 August
2023 Orders and the 30 August 2023 Orders below.

My decision

The 23 August 2023 Orders

9 I first consider the 23 August 2023 Orders, which include: (a) an order that
the Applicant be further remanded for a period of eight days; and (b) the DJ
denying the Applicant an order that the Applicant be granted immediate access
to counsel. Before considering the Applicant’s submissions in relation to each
of the two orders made on 23 August 2023, I observe that the Applicant’s
application for an order that the 23 August 2023 Orders be revoked and
substituted with an order that the Applicant be granted bail is moot. This is
because the 23 August 2023 Orders have been superseded by the 30 August 2023
Orders. As of the date of this hearing, the Applicant’s remand and right to
counsel is based on the DJ’s 30 August 2023 Orders.

The DJ’s order on 23 August 2023 for the Applicant to be further remanded for
a period of eight days

10 The Applicant first argues that the DJ erroneously granted the
Prosecution’s application under s 238(3) of the CPC for the Applicant to be
further remanded for a period of eight days on 23 August 2023. The parties’
submissions on this point can be summarised as follows:

(a) The Applicant argues that it was the Prosecution’s burden to prove why an
order for further remand was justified, and that the Prosecution failed to
discharge its burden of proof by not adducing any evidence in support of its
application. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Submissions dated 4 September 2023 (“Applicant’s
Submissions”) at paras 16 to 17.

(b) On the other hand, the Prosecution submits that the DJ correctly concluded
that the threshold for ordering that the Applicant be further remanded was
met. The Prosecution states that the complex investigations were at an early
stage as of 23 August 2023, with the results and review of forensic extraction
from the Applicant’s seized devices and information from financial
institutions still pending. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Prosecution’s Submissions dated 4 September 2023 (“Prosecution’s Submissions”)
at para 11.

Further, the tracing of the Applicant’s substantial assets was ongoing. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 11.

Finally, the Prosecution states that there was a risk of collusion with other
suspects if the Applicant was released on bail, given a purported connection
between the Applicant and other persons wanted by the Police. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 11.

The Prosecution also points to the fact that further evidence was, in fact,
obtained as a result of the Applicant’s further remand from 23 August 2023 to
30 August 2023 as set out in the affidavit of the lead investigator, Mr Teh
Yee Liang (“Teh’s Affidavit”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 15; see also, Teh’s Affidavit at para 36.

11 Having considered the parties’ submissions, I find that there was nothing
palpably wrong with the DJ’s order on 23 August 2023 for the Applicant to be
further remanded for a period of eight days. I make two points in this regard.

12 First, while the Applicant states that no evidence was adduced by the
Prosecution to support its application for a further remand of eight days, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicant’s Submissions at paras 16 to 17.

it is important to recognise that the typical evidential rules do not apply in
such proceedings, which are meant to be dealt with in a summary way. This was
considered by the Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v Sollihin bin Anhar
[2015] 3 SLR 447 (at [38]) when it set out the type of evidence which the
court may rely upon in dealing with applications regarding the granting and
revocation of bail:

… conclusive evidence is certainly not the applicable standard when a court
decides whether to revoke the bail granted to an accused under s 102(1) or
103(4) of the CPC. Even if it did involve hearsay evidence, a court in bail
proceedings does not have to apply the strict evidential rules applicable to
trials. Affidavit evidence is frequently relied upon in applications regarding
the granting or revocation of bail which, as we have already noted, are to be
dealt with quickly and in a summary way. At such proceedings, the court is
therefore entitled to have regard to hearsay evidence subject to evaluating it
and assigning it the appropriate weight.

13 In my view, such considerations would similarly apply when evaluating
whether an order should be made under s 238(3) of the CPC for an accused
person to be remanded. Section 238(3) of the CPC only requires the court to
consider whether it appears likely that further evidence may be obtained by a
remand. The threshold is clearly not a high one. This would also explain why,
when an order is made under s 238(3) of the CPC for the accused to be further
remanded, the statutory provision limits the length of remand to not more than
eight days at a time. This is meant to strike a balance between allowing the
Police the time and space to conduct its investigations effectively whilst
safeguarding the interests of an accused person by regularly reviewing the
need for further remand and only ordering further remand for a limited period
of no more than eight days at a time. In my view, the Prosecution was,
therefore, entitled to rely primarily on its oral submissions to support its
application for further remand at the hearing on 23 August 2023.

14 As the DJ observed, the Applicant’s contention that the Prosecution was
obliged to provide affidavit evidence to support its application for further
remand of the Applicant is neither a requirement stipulated in s 238(3) of the
CPC nor one that is supported by a careful reading of the language of s 238(3)
of the CPC. Given that section 238(3) of the CPC only requires the court to
consider whether it appears likely that further evidence may be obtained by a
period of remand rather than for this to be proved, the Applicant’s argument
that the Prosecution needed to provide affidavit evidence is untenable: see
the DJ’s GD at [13]–[16].

15 More significantly, as the DJ highlighted, the nature of remand
applications is such that there is a need for remand applications to be heard
expeditiously. On this point, I fully agree with the explanation offered by
the DJ on why an application of the strict rules of evidence to remand
applications would be wholly incompatible with the public interest. I
reproduce his explanation in full below (see the DJ’s GD at [20]):

20 … it is incompatible with public interest to apply strict rules of evidence
to remand applications. Let me explain.

(a) First, there is typically a need for remand applications to be heard
expeditiously – to prevent (i) criminal proceeds from being dissipated, (ii)
evidence from disappearing or being corrupted, and (iii) suspects from
absconding. To require remand applications to be supported with affidavit
evidence will cause delay and can thus compromise investigations. Further
delay can arise if an accused person requires time to tender rebuttal
affidavits.

(b) Second, it is not unusual for remand applications to be based only on
educated assumptions on possible investigative leads, as well as evidence that
is hearsay, incomplete, or even inconsistent. This is because during the early
stages of investigations (when remand applications are made), investigators
will often not have a clear idea of whether an offence – and if so, what
offence – is disclosed. Frequently, investigators will need to sieve through
evidence from (i) witnesses who may be uncooperative, forgetful, and/or
mistaken, and (ii) suspects who may have taken steps to hide their crime.
Given these circumstances, it is not reasonable to use the same evidential
yardstick applicable to trials to assess remand applications. It bears
emphasis that when assessing a remand application, the issue is simply whether
an accused person’s remand would assist in obtaining further evidence of an
offence – and not whether there is sufficient evidence to prove that the
accused person is guilty of an offence.

(c) Finally, to require that remand applications be supported by affidavit
evidence can lead to the injurious disclosure of confidential investigative
methods and findings. Such a disclosure can jeopardise the investigations –
not just in an accused person’s case, but in future cases as well.

[emphasis in original]

16 Second, looking at the submissions of the Prosecution in support of its
position for further remand, the investigations were at a preliminary stage as
of 23 August 2023. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Teh’s Affidavit at paras 26 to 27.

In my view, the Prosecution’s application for further remand on 23 August 2023
was justified based on the need to conduct further investigations into a
complex case, as well as the risk of collusion because of the purported
connection between the Applicant and other persons wanted by the Police. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Teh’s Affidavit at paras 21, 24 and 30.

The DJ’s decision on 23 August 2023 to deny the Applicant’s application for an
order that the Applicant be granted immediate access to counsel

17 Next, the Applicant argues that the DJ erroneously denied the Applicant’s
application for an order that he be granted immediate access to counsel. The
parties’ submissions on this point can be summarised as follows:

(a) The Applicant argues that it was the Prosecution’s burden to prove that
giving effect to the Applicant’s right to counsel would impede the Police’s
investigations or the administration of justice. The Applicant states that the
Prosecution failed to discharge its burden of proof by failing to adduce any
evidence to discharge its burden of proof. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Applicant’s Submissions at paras 18 to 23.

(b) On the other hand, the Prosecution submits that the Applicant’s right to
counsel is not an immediate right to counsel. Rather, the Applicant is
entitled to counsel within a reasonable time after his arrest. This is to
strike a balance between an accused person’s right to legal representation and
the public interest in allowing the Police to carry out effective
investigations. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 19 to 20.

In the present case, the Prosecution highlights that it had committed at the
hearing on 23 August 2023 to allowing the Applicant access to counsel from 29
August 2023, subject to the operational constraints of the CAD. Given that the
Applicant was arrested on 15 August 2023, this would have meant that the
duration of non-access to counsel would have only been two weeks. The
Prosecution states that its position was a reasonable one. Given the sensitive
and complex nature of the investigations in the present case, the Police had
to focus on following up on new leads and gathering evidence while it still
remained available. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at paras 22 to 24.

18 Having considered parties’ submissions, I find that that there was nothing
palpably wrong with the DJ’s decision on 23 August 2023 to deny the
Applicant’s application for immediate access to counsel. As set out in Jasbir
Singh and another v Public Prosecutor [1994] 1 SLR(R) 782 (at [45]–[49]),
while an accused person has a right to counsel, this right is not one which
must be granted to him immediately. Rather, an accused person’s right to
counsel needs to be granted to him only within a reasonable time after his
arrest. This is due to the need to strike a balance between an accused
person’s right to legal advice and the duty of the Police to protect the
public by carrying out effective investigations.

19 In the present case, it is clear from Teh’s Affidavit that the Police
needed time to conduct their investigations without distraction. Granting the
Applicant access to counsel would have led to significant arrangements having
to be made for all the suspects arrested as part of this investigation to
similarly be granted access to counsel, whilst ensuring that the suspects did
not communicate with one another. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Teh’s Affidavit at paras 32 to 35.

Further, at the hearing on 23 August 2023, the Prosecution had already made
clear that access to counsel would be granted from 29 August 2023. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 24.

In light of the above, as well as the fact that this was a complex
investigation and a commitment was made that access to counsel would be
granted from a date which was within two weeks of the Applicant’s arrest, I do
not find that the DJ erred in denying the Applicant’s application for
immediate access to counsel.

The 30 August 2023 Orders

20 I next consider the 30 August 2023 Orders, which include: (a) an order that
the Applicant be remanded for a further period of eight days; and (b) an order
that the Applicant be granted access to counsel, subject to the operational
constraints of the CAD.

The DJ’s order on 30 August 2023 for the Applicant to be further remanded for
a period of eight days

21 The Applicant first argues that the DJ erroneously granted the
Prosecution’s application under s 238(3) of the CPC for the Applicant to be
further remanded for a period of eight days on 30 August 2023. The parties’
submissions on this point can be summarised as follows:

(a) The Applicant argues that it was the Prosecution’s burden to prove why an
order for further remand was justified, and that the Prosecution failed to
discharge its burden of proof by not adducing any evidence in support of its
application. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Applicant’s Submissions at paras 24 to 25.

(b) On the other hand, the Prosecution submits that the DJ correctly concluded
that the threshold for ordering that the Applicant be further remanded was
met. The Prosecution highlights that four further CDSA charges had been
tendered against the Applicant at the hearing on 30 August 2023. However,
extensive investigations still needed to be carried out, which included the
recording of further statements, the review and receipt of voluminous data and
the conducting of checks with foreign authorities. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 16.

Further, investigations had linked the Applicant to a suspect wanted by the
Police who was out of jurisdiction. There was, in the Prosecution’s view, a
real risk of collusion if the Applicant were to be released on bail on 30
August 2023. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 17.

22 In my view, there was nothing palpably wrong with the order on 30 August
2023 for the Applicant to be further remanded for a period of eight days.

23 First, it is clear that, as of 30 August 2023, there was progress in the
Police’s investigations, given that four further CDSA charges had been
tendered against the Applicant on that day. As the DJ had observed, this was a
clear demonstration that the previous period of remand had led to further
evidence being obtained (see the DJ’s GD at [33]).

24 Further, as set out in Teh’s Affidavit, the CAD had assessed that there
were numerous parts of the investigation which were yet to be completed. This
included the recording of further statements from the Applicant about
information received from the other suspects and persons of interest. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Teh’s Affidavit at para 37.

The CAD was also in possession of evidence showing close association between
the Applicant and two suspects, Su Haijin and Su Baolin, as well as evidence
showing communications between the Applicant and one Suspect X who was wanted
by the Police and was out of jurisdiction. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Teh’s Affidavit at paras 38 to 39.

In light of the above, the CAD made the assessment that there was a real risk
of collusion and contamination of evidence if the Applicant were to be
released before the CAD had obtained the further evidence it required. In my
view, based on the details of the pending investigation and the CAD’s reasons
for its assessment that there was a real risk of collusion and contamination
of evidence, there was clearly a need for the Applicant to be further remanded
for a period of eight days.

25 Further, I wish to state that I agree with the DJ’s observations on when an
application for further remand typically ought not to be granted: (a) where
remand is sought merely for the investigator’s convenience; (b) where remand
is sought for the improper motive of pressuring an accused person to confess
to an offence; (c) where previous remand has failed to provide any further
evidence; (d) where remand is sought for a minor offence which attracts a low
fine even if the accused person is convicted; or (e) where remand would
significantly exacerbate an accused person’s illness which cannot be remedied
by changing the conditions of remand (see the DJ’s GD at [30]). In such
situations, it is clear that the prejudice caused to an accused person by
allowing an application for further remand would be disproportionate to the
investigative benefits of his remand.

26 The present case, however, was clearly not a case like the ones listed
above. The present case involved a complex investigation, where previous
periods of remand had clearly led to further evidence being obtained, and
where it appeared likely that a further period of remand may lead to new
evidence being obtained. In my view, therefore, there was nothing palpably
wrong with the DJ’s order on 30 August 2023 for the Applicant to be further
remanded for a period of eight days.

The DJ’s order on 30 August 2023 that the Applicant be granted access to
counsel, subject to the operational constraints of the CAD

27 The Applicant further argues that the DJ erred in ordering that the
Applicant be granted access to counsel with the caveat that this was subject
to the operational constraints of the CAD. The Applicant argues that the
Prosecution ought not to have been allowed to curtail the Applicant’s right to
counsel without explaining what these operational constraints were or proving
the existence of such constraints. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Applicant’s Submissions at para 27.

The Prosecution argues, however, that such caveats are entirely consistent
with the principle that the right of access must be balanced against the
public interest. Further, access could not be expected to be entirely
unfettered so long as the Applicant remained in remand. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Prosecution’s Submissions at para 25.

28 In my view, there was nothing palpably wrong with the order on 30 August
2023 that the Applicant be granted access to counsel, subject to the
operational constraints of the CAD. First, the Prosecution had earlier
explained in its correspondence with the Applicant’s counsel what the
operational constraints entailed: (a) a time constraint, given the need for
the CAD to conduct its investigations whilst allowing all the suspects access
to their counsels; and (b) a space constraint, which limited the number of
persons who could meet a suspect at any point. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See Exhibit TYL-1.

Second, the Prosecution had also made clear during the hearing that the
Applicant’s counsel could write to the Prosecution with its specific request
relating to the Applicant’s access to counsel. This was a reasonable position.
In fact, this was precisely what the Applicant’s counsel did subsequently when
it wrote to the CAD requesting the Applicant to be allowed access to counsel
for two hours on 5 September 2023, and for three persons to be allowed to meet
the Applicant. This request was acceded to by the CAD, and the meeting took
place on 5 September 2023. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See Exhibit TYL-2.

29 At the hearing before me today, the Applicant’s counsel, Mr Wong Hin Pkin
Wendell (“Mr Wong”), stated that the Applicant ought to be granted “liberal
access” to counsel if the Applicant were ordered to remain in remand. When
probed further about what “liberal access” entailed, Mr Wong stated that the
following would be ideal: (a) the Applicant ought to be granted access to
counsel between to two to three times over the eight-day period when the
Applicant is further remanded; and (b) an allowance should be made for each
meeting between the Applicant and the counsel to last between one to two
hours. Mr Wong also raised various concerns about the venue offered for
previous meetings between the Applicant and his counsel. However, Mr Wong
conceded that he had not submitted requests on these issues to the Prosecution
before the hearing today. Given that the DJ had already ordered that the
Applicant be granted access to counsel, subject to the operational constraints
of the CAD, there was nothing stopping Mr Wong from writing to the CAD or the
Prosecution to make these specific requests. At the hearing today, the
Prosecution took the view that there was no “serious injustice” caused, and
the Applicant was granted access to counsel from 29 August 2023 whenever a
request was made by the Applicant’s counsel. The Prosecution was, however,
unable to commit to “liberal access” in the terms defined by Mr Wong. Instead,
the Prosecution invited Mr Wong to write to the CAD or the Prosecution to make
these specific requests for them to be considered.

30 In my view, this is not an unreasonable position. I agree that Mr Wong
should make these requests to the CAD or the Prosecution first before seeking
a court order. In any case, the threshold for criminal revision is not met,
given that there has been no “serious injustice” occasioned by the DJ’s order
as it stands.

31 Finally, Mr Wong also raised a concern at the hearing before me today that
there have been restrictions placed by the CAD on the Applicant’s access to
various family members. However, strictly speaking, based on the Petition for
Revision filed by the Applicant, no prayer was made by the Applicant in
relation to the DJ’s order relating to the Applicant’s access to his family
members. Further, it appears that restrictions have been placed on the
Applicant’s access to various family members as investigative statements have
been recorded or will be recorded from these family members.

32 I note that the DJ made an order at the hearing on 30 August 2023 that the
Applicant be granted access to his family members. However, Mr Wong stated at
the hearing before me today that the DJ was not informed by either party on 30
August 2023 on the fact that statements have been recorded or will be recorded
from various family members. In view of this, I find that it would be more
appropriate for the parties to raise these concerns relating to the
Applicant’s access to his family members to the DJ at the next hearing in the
court below. The DJ can then make any further order as he deems appropriate.

Conclusion

33 For the reasons above, I do not find that the District Court’s orders of 23
August 2023 and 30 August 2023 can be described as wrong, much less palpably
wrong, such as to meet the high threshold of “serious injustice” on which any
exercise of the High Court’s revisionary powers is contingent. As the
threshold for the High Court’s revisionary power under s 401 of the CPC to be
exercised has not been met, I dismiss the Applicant’s application.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court| |   
---|---|---  
  
Wong Hin Pkin Wendell, Andrew Chua Ruiming and Yang Xinyan (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the applicant; and

Ng Yiwen, David Koh and Kang Jia Hui (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 07 Sep 2023 (11:27 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

