Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 1

District Court Appeal No 17 of 2022

Between

WDB

… Appellant

And

WDA

… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family Law — Maintenance — Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WDB

  
v

  

WDA

[2023] SGHCF 1

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 17 of 2022  
Choo Han Teck J  
11 January 2023

13 January 2023

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties obtained final judgment of their divorce in 2016. This present
appeal arises from the District Judge’s (“DJ”) order in FC/SUM 380/2021
varying the maintenance contribution of the Appellant Wife following the
relocation of Respondent Husband and their two children, aged 16 and 18, to
the United States in 2022. The DJ assessed the children’s post-relocation
reasonable expenses to be S$4,500 and ordered the Wife to contribute S$1,500.

2 Underlying the Wife’s plea to this court for relief is the financial strain
which followed from her medical condition. In March 2021, she suffered a
severe adverse reaction to her second dose of the COVID-19 vaccination which
resulted in her hospitalisation for 151 days from March to October of 2021,
where she was diagnosed with Involuntary Movement Disorder. Ever since, she
has been unable to return to her occupation as a nurse in the Singapore
General Hospital (“SGH”).

3 Her medical condition did not ease, and yet, her financial problems
increased because of a reduction of her salary when she was on prolonged
illness leave. She received full pay (S$8,244) for 2021, but this was
subsequently reduced to half-pay (S$4,122) for the first half of 2022, and
thereafter no-pay for the rest of 2022. At the hearing of this appeal, she
produced a letter dated 28 December 2022 from SGH, informing her that her
employment had been terminated with immediate effect after an internal medical
review reported that she was unfit to work. At present, the only income she is
receiving is S$2,100 a month from the rental of her flat.

4 In contrast, the Husband says that his current income is US$5,300
(approximately S$7,062.00), stressing that this sum is insufficient to cover
his personal expenses as well as the expected increase in the children’s
expenses as the elder child will be entering tertiary education. He says that
he may even have to sell his house if he cannot manage financially.

5 We have a situation where both parties are struggling financially, and there
is no room to make any adjustments by way of give and take. A comparison
between the lean and the leaner shows that the Wife is virtually down to her
last straws financially, having to contend with the costs of oxygen therapy
and her living expenses, and no prospect of any alleviation because she can no
longer work.

6 Counsel for the Husband refers to authorities where maintenance had been
ordered on the basis of a spouse’s earning capacity even though he or she was
unemployed at the time of the order. He further submitted that there is no
medical prognosis as to the Wife’s future fitness for employment. Although
there is no medical evidence as to her fitness for employment in the future,
it is obvious even to counsel, that the Wife is wheelchair-bound, and barely
able to speak more than a few words audibly without suffering from shortness
of breath which reduces her voice to an inaudible whisper. And she requires
constant intubation with an oxygen tank. It is plain that she is in no state
to undertake gainful employment.

7 The DJ was not wrong to have taken into consideration that the Wife was then
earning S$4,122 at the time when he ordered the Wife to contribute S$1,500
monthly to the children’s maintenance. The DJ was aware that the Wife’s
medical condition and timeline for recovery was indeterminate, but he,
rightly, was unable to determine the prospects of her recovery. As it turned
out, all that has changed — what might have been a mere nightmare, has become
her reality. Since the basis for the DJ’s decision to order her contribution
is gone, I allowed the appeal regarding the rescission of the variation orders
made in FC/SUM 380/2021. Of course, as bad luck ousts the good, it may itself
dissipate upon a return of good fortune, by way of renewed health and income.
Thus, I gave leave to the Husband to reapply.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

The appellant in person;  
Dylan Han Yong Ding (Integro Law Chambers LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 13 Jan 2023 (09:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

