Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 355

Originating Application No 1017 of 2023

Between

| Soo Hoo Khoon Peng  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2906  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Appeals — Leave]

[Land — Strata Titles — Common property]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Soo Hoo Khoon Peng

  
v

  

Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2906

[2023] SGHC 355

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 1017 of 2023  
Christopher Tan JC  
15 November 2023

19 December 2023 Judgment reserved.

Christopher Tan JC:

1 The applicant (“Applicant”) is the subsidiary proprietor of a unit in a
condominium managed by the respondent to this application (the “Respondent”).
He had sought permission from the Respondent to install a screen, of the brand
Renson Fixscreen (“the Screen”), in the balcony of his unit. When the
Respondent refused, he filed DC/OA 41/2023 (“DC/OA 41”) in the District Court,
seeking, inter alia, the following:

(a) An order restraining the Respondent from refusing to approve the
Applicant’s installation of the Screen. In prayer 1 of DC/OA 41, the Applicant
prayed that the order be granted pursuant to s 88(1)(a) of the Building
Maintenance and Strata Management Act 2004 (2020 Rev Ed) (“BMSMA”), based on
the Applicant’s contention that the Respondent’s refusal was a breach of s
37(4) of the BMSMA. In his submissions in DC/OA 41, the Applicant further
contended that the Respondent’s approval could be compelled pursuant to s
111(a) of the BMSMA. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s submissions in DC/OA 41, dated 13 June 2023, at para 3.1.1(c).

(b) A declaration that the area of the Applicant’s balcony where he intended
to install the Screen was not common property. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Applicant’s submissions in DC/OA 41, dated 13 June 2023, at para 3.1.1(b).

The learned District Judge (“DJ”) below dismissed DC/OA 41.

2 Both parties proceeded on the common premise that given the nature of the
claim, permission of the court was required under s 21(1) of the Supreme Court
of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) for any appeal against the DJ’s
decision. The Applicant filed a summons seeking permission from the DJ to
appeal against her dismissal of DC/OA 41. Upon her dismissal of the summons,
the Applicant filed the present application, pursuant to s 21(1)(a) of the
SCJA read with O 18 r 19(2) of the Rules of Court 2021, for permission to
appeal against the learned DJ’s dismissal of DC/OA 41.

3 I dismiss the application and set out my reasons below.

The Law

4 Both parties to this appeal were in agreement as to the applicable legal
test governing when permission may be granted for an appeal. In Lee Kuan Yew v
Tang Liang Hong and another [1997] 2 SLR(R) 862 (“Lee v Tang”), the Court of
Appeal laid out (at [15]–[16]) three non-exhaustive categories when such
permission will be granted:

(a) The first category would be where there is a prima facie case of error.
While, the Court of Appeal in Lee v Tang did not specify whether this category
relates to errors of fact or law, recent pronouncements of the Appellate
Devision of the High Court appear to lean towards the position that the errors
should relate to errors of law, while leaving open the question as to whether
errors of fact which are “obvious from the record” can justify the grant of
permission: see UD Trading Group Holding Pte Ltd v TA Private Capital Security
Agent Limited and another [2022] SGHC(A) 3 (at [21]), cited by Goh Yihan JC
(as he then was) in Zhou Wenjing v Shun Heng Credit Pte Ltd [2022] SGHC 313
(“Zhou Wenjing”) (at [30]–[31]). Further, it has also been held that the error
must be one that “has a bearing on the decision of” the court below: see Abdul
Rahman bin Shariff v Abdul Salim bin Syed [1999] 3 SLR(R) 138 (“Abdul Rahman
bin Shariff”) (at [31(a)]).

(b) The second category would be where there is a question of general
principle decided for the first time. This category would not apply to a
proposed appeal on an issue which is peculiar to the facts of the particular
case and not likely to arise in other cases (Essar Steel Ltd v Bayerische
Landesbank and others [2004] 3 SLR(R) 25 at [27(b)]) or if there are mere
questions of fact to be considered (Abdul Rahman bin Shariff at [31]).

(c) The third category would be where there is a question of importance upon
which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to the
public advantage. For this category, the test of importance is an objective
one. In other words, the question has to be objectively important, and not
just important from the perspective of the parties: see Portcullis Escrow Pte
Ltd v Astrata (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another [2010] SGHC 302 (at [6]).

5 The Court of Appeal in Lee v Tang was also clear, by its use of the word “at
least” at [16], that the three categories above are not exhaustive.

6 In laying out the three discrete grounds above, the Court of Appeal in Lee v
Tang cited with approval (at [15]) the remarks of Lai Kew Chai J in Anthony
s/o Savarimiuthu v Soh Chuan Tin [1989] 1 SLR(R) 588 (at [2]):

The circumstances for granting leave would include (though obviously not
limited to) cases where an applicant is able to demonstrate a prima facie case
of error or if the question is one of general principle upon which further
argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to public advantage. …
These propositions have a common thread: that to deny leave may conceivably
result in a miscarriage of justice. [emphasis added]

The use of the term “common thread” connotes that the requirement of potential
miscarriage of justice appears to apply to all three categories above.

The Appeal

7 At the hearing below, the Applicant argued that the Screen was not being
installed on common property (see [1(b)] above). This was a pivotal point – if
the balcony walls on which the Screen’s brackets were being mounted
constituted common property and the installation of the Screen could be
construed as “exclusive use and enjoyment” of those walls (within the meaning
of s 33(1)(c)(i) of the BMSMA), the Applicant would have had to obtain
approval by way of a 90% resolution at a general meeting of subsidiary
proprietors, for the Screen to be installed. This would have been a difficult
hurdle to cross and, without such a resolution, the issue of whether the
Respondent should have approved the installation of the Screen would not even
arise. Section 33(1)(c) of the BMSMA reads:

… [W]ith the written consent of the subsidiary proprietor of the lot
concerned, a management corporation may make a by-law —

(c) pursuant to a 90% resolution, conferring on the subsidiary proprietor of a
lot specified in the by-law, or on the subsidiary proprietors of the several
lots so specified, for a period which exceeds 3 years —

(i) the exclusive use and enjoyment of; or

(ii) special privileges in respect of,

the whole or any part of the common property, upon conditions (including the
payment of money at specified times or as required by the management
corporation, by the subsidiary proprietor or subsidiary proprietors of the lot
or several lots) specified in the by-law …

[emphasis added]

8 During the hearing of the application before me, the Applicant conceded that
at least some parts of the walls to which the Screen’s bracket would be
affixed were common property. This belated concession flowed from s 2 of the
BMSMA, which defines “common property” as follows:

“common property”… means —

(a) in relation to any … building comprised … in a strata title plan, such
part of the … building —

(i) not comprised in any lot … in that strata title plan; and

(ii) used or capable of being used or enjoyed by occupiers of 2 or more lots
or …

… or

(c) in relation to any … building mentioned in paragraph (a) …, any of the
following whether or not comprised in a lot … :

…

(iii) any structural element of the building;

[emphasis added]

The walls onto which the Screen was to be installed lay entirely within the
Applicant’s lot and, on that account, would ordinarily not have been
classified as “common property” under limb (a) of the definition above.
However, given that some parts of these walls were load-bearing, the Applicant
conceded that they were considered “common property” by virtue of their being
structural elements.

9 Having made this concession, the Applicant proceeded to take the position
that the installation of the Screen did not constitute “exclusive use and
enjoyment” of the walls onto which the Screen would be installed. There would
then be no need for him to secure approval, by way of a 90% resolution at a
general meeting of subsidiary proprietors, to instal the Screen. The
Respondent disagreed, contending that installation of the Screen did
constitute exclusive use and enjoyment of the walls concerned.

Whether installation of the Screen constituted exclusive use and enjoyment of
the walls within the Applicant’s lot

10 The learned DJ agreed with the Respondent 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

At [57] of the DJ’s judgment.

that installation of the Screen did amount to exclusive use and enjoyment of
common property, meaning that the Respondent could not approve the
installation (even if it wanted to), given that the requisite 90% resolution
under of s 33(1)(c)(i) of the BMSMA had not been obtained. In arriving at her
decision, the learned DJ relied 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

At [49] of the DJ’s judgment.

on the case of Wu Chiu Lin v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2874
[2018] 4 SLR 966 (“Wu Chiu Lin”), where Chan Seng Onn J (as he then was) held
(at [74]-[75]) that common property constituted by external facing structures
can be aesthetically “enjoyed” by multiple subsidiary proprietors. Chan J thus
held (at [84]) that the subsidiary proprietor’s act of covering up the
external facing walls above her unit and obstructing these walls from the view
of other subsidiary proprietors constituted exclusive use and enjoyment.

11 The Applicant argues that the test of what constitutes “exclusive use and
enjoyment”, as propounded in Wu Chiu Lin, is inapplicable to common property
comprising structural elements within the subsidiary proprietor’s lot, as
these would ordinarily not be subject to aesthetic appreciation by anyone
outside the lot. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Applicant’s submissions, at paras 3.1.8–3.1.11.

12 I agree with the Applicant’s submissions. In my view, the approach to
assessing how common property may be “used” or “enjoyed” (such that exclusion
of such use and enjoyment by other subsidiary proprietors gives rise to the
exclusivity contemplated by s 33(1)(c)(i) of the BMSMA) must hinge on the
property’s location within the development, as well as the role(s) that the
property plays given that location. Common property consisting of outward
facing walls have been taken to play an aesthetic role. In Sit Kwong Lam v
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2645 [2018] 1 SLR 790 (“Sit Kwong
Lam”), the Court of Appeal observed (at [59]):

[A]ny area or installation that could affect the appearance of a building in a
strata development, or that was part and parcel of the fabric of the building,
could, by its mere presence, be “enjoyed” by some or even all subsidiary
proprietors of the development. Indeed, there was no need for the area or
installation to be physically accessible by the subsidiary proprietors (or any
of them) in order to be “enjoyed” by the said proprietors.

13 However, both Wu Chiu Lin and Sit Kwong Lam dealt with features falling
within limb (a) of the definition of “common property” in s 2(1) of the BMSMA.
In contrast, common property consisting of structural elements fall under limb
(c). Where such elements are comprised within the subsidiary proprietor’s lot
and inward facing, the approach to assessing if there is exclusive use and
enjoyment (within the meaning of s 33(1)(c)(i) of the BMSMA) ought to be
adapted accordingly.

14 Structural features comprised within the lot, if not external facing, do
not serve any aesthetic function for the development. Where the subsidiary
proprietor is proposing to perform works on such features, it would not be
meaningful for the test (of whether the works amount to exclusive use and
enjoyment) to centre on whether the works visually obstruct the feature.
Rather, the test ought to focus on the impact which the works have on
structural functionality. This is because use and enjoyment of such a non-
external facing structural feature is derived by other subsidiary proprietors
from the structural support which it renders to their respective lots, rather
than from visual appreciation. An example of exclusive use in such a context
would conceivably be when the subsidiary proprietor’s works would hinder the
management corporation from maintaining the structural feature within his lot.
Such works could potentially deprive other subsidiary proprietors of the
structural integrity of that feature. (For completeness, if the works proposed
by the subsidiary proprietor affect the feature’s structural integrity, this
would also trigger the prohibition in s 37(4)(b) of the BMSMA.) Conversely, if
a subsidiary proprietor mounts a painting on a pillar comprised within the
inner recesses of his lot, and this pillar constitutes “common property” on
account if it being a load-bearing feature, but the painting does not in any
way prevent the management corporation from maintaining that pillar, this
would not constitute exclusive use and enjoyment of the pillar. In such a
situation, aesthetics should not factor into the equation. It makes no sense
to insist that just because persons standing outside the subsidiary
proprietor’s window and peering into his lot would be obstructed (by the
painting) from viewing the pillar, the subsidiary proprietor is bound to
obtain approval by way of a 90% resolution just to mount that painting.

15 I am mindful that while the Screen’s brackets were being mounted onto the
non-external facing parts of the structural elements concerned, the Screen’s
roller blind (when drawn down) would obstruct the open space within the
Applicant’s balcony, which would otherwise have been visible to outsiders.
However, parties did not contend that this open space was “common property”,
such that its obstruction would constitute exclusive use falling within s
33(1)(c)(i) of the BMSMA. This was unlike in the case of Wu Chiu Lin, where
the subsidiary proprietor was disallowed from obstructing the external facing
walls above her unit, which walls were considered common property. Notably,
the Respondent allows rattan blinds to be mounted to the balcony ceilings –
parties did not take the position that obstruction of the open space within
the balcony by these blinds constituted exclusive use of common property, such
that 90% approval under s 33(1)(c) of the BMSMA was required for installation
of rattan blinds.

16 While it may be a bit of a stretch to say so, there is arguably a question
of general principle which could benefit from more detailed arguments on
appeal, ie, the scope of what constitutes exclusive use and enjoyment of
common property comprising non-external facing structural elements comprised
within the lot. However, as explained at [6] above, an applicant seeking
permission to appeal also needs to demonstrate the prospect of miscarriage of
justice if permission is not granted. It is on this that the Applicant fails
in his application. The learned DJ did not dispose of the issue of exclusive
use and enjoyment solely by applying the test of exclusivity in Wu Chiu Lin.
She also found that installation of the Screen would impinge on the
Respondent’s ability to maintain and repair the structural elements to which
the Screen had been mounted. This impingement had also supported her
conclusion that installation of the Screen constituted exclusive use and
enjoyment. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

At [56] of the DJ’s judgment.

In that respect, even under the approach advocated by the Applicant, the DJ
found that there was exclusive use and enjoyment. The Applicant thus suffered
no injustice in this regard. Rather, his main bone of contention appears to be
more factual in character. Installation of the Screen would have been more
invasive than, say, installation of rattan blinds – the Screen required
brackets to be mounted to the walls to seal off access to weather elements and
insects. Notwithstanding, the DJ’s finding that mounting of the Screen
impinged on the Respondent’s ability to maintain the structural integrity of
the walls could have been grounded on a firmer substratum of evidence. For
example, expert evidence could have been called to demonstrate the extent to
which these brackets hindered structural maintenance of the walls, such that
their installation should be considered as amounting to exclusive use and
enjoyment. Be that as it may, I am of the view that this is an issue which is
factual in nature and does not in and of itself give rise to questions of
general principle or public importance.

17 More importantly, even if the DJ could be said to have erred in law when
concluding that there was exclusive use and enjoyment, there would have been
no miscarriage of justice arising from the dismissal of DC/OA 41. This is
because the DJ went on to find that the Screen failed to keep with the
appearance of the rest of the buildings. As will be explained below, I have
upheld this finding, which constitutes a separate plank in support of the
Respondent’s decision to disallow installation of the Screen. The appeal
against dismissal of DC/OA 41 is thus unlikely to succeed, regardless of how
the test of exclusive use and enjoyment of structural elements within the lot
is couched.

Whether the Screen was in keeping with the appearance of the building

18 While I have taken the view that the test of what constitutes exclusive use
and enjoyment of non-external facing structural elements comprised within the
lot should focus on the impact of the proposed works on structural
functionality (rather than on aesthetics), this does not mean that the element
of aesthetics is irrelevant. As alluded to at [15] above, the Screen’s roller
blinds would (when drawn down) cover the open space within the Applicant’s
balcony. While this did not amount to obstruction of common property, it still
affected the overall façade of the building. On this front, the question of
whether installation of the Screen should be allowed hinges on, inter alia,
compliance with the aesthetic-related clauses found in three legislative
provisions:

(a) section 37 of the BMSMA;

(b) section 37A BMSMA; and

(c) by-law 5 in the Second Schedule to the Building Maintenance (Strata
Management) Regulations 2005 (“BM(SM)R”).

19 Section 37 BMSMA deals with effecting improvements within the subsidiary
proprietor’s lot. The relevant portion of the section reads:

Improvements and additions to lots

37.—(1) …

…

(3) Except pursuant to an authority granted under subsection (4) by the
management corporation or permitted under section 37A, a subsidiary proprietor
of a lot that is comprised in a strata title plan must not effect any other
improvement in or upon the lot for the subsidiary proprietor’s benefit which
affects the appearance of any building comprised in the strata title plan.

(4) A management corporation may, at the request of a subsidiary proprietor of
any lot comprised in its strata title plan and upon such terms as it considers
appropriate, authorise the subsidiary proprietor to effect any improvement in
or upon the subsidiary proprietor’s lot mentioned in subsection (3) if the
management corporation is satisfied that the improvement in or upon the lot —

(a) will not detract from the appearance of any of the buildings comprised in
the strata title plan or will be in keeping with the rest of the buildings;
and

(b) will not affect the structural integrity of any of the buildings comprised
in the strata title plan.

[emphasis added]

20 Section 37A BMSMA deals with the installation of safety equipment, also
within the subsidiary proprietor’s lot. The relevant portion of this provision
reads:

Installation of safety equipment permitted

37A.—(1) A subsidiary proprietor of a lot in a building on a parcel comprised
in a strata title plan may install safety equipment on the lot… which is
facing outdoors, despite any other provision of this Act or the regulations or
any by-law of the parcel which otherwise prohibits the installation of the
safety equipment.

(2) A subsidiary proprietor of a lot in a building who installs safety
equipment under this section must —

…

(b) ensure that the safety equipment is installed in a competent and proper
manner and has an appearance, after it has been installed, in keeping with the
appearance of the building.

(3) In this section, ‘safety equipment’ means —

(a) any of the following features to prevent people from falling over the edge
of an outdoor-facing balcony or terrace or a window or door or an opening
which is outdoor-facing:

(i) a window grille or screen;

(ii) a balustrade, railing or fence;

(b) any device capable of restricting the opening of a window or door or an
opening which is outdoor-facing;

(c) any screen or other device to prevent entry of animals or insects on the
lot;

…

21 By-law 5 of the Second Schedule to the BM(SM)R deals with works that might
damage or deface common property. The relevant portion of the by-law reads:

Alteration or damage to common property

5.—(1) A subsidiary proprietor or an occupier of a lot shall not mark, paint,
drive nails or screws or the like into, or otherwise damage or deface, any
structure that forms part of the common property except with the prior written
approval of the management corporation.

(2) An approval given by the management corporation under paragraph (1) shall
not authorise any additions to the common property.

(3) This by-law shall not prevent a subsidiary proprietor or an occupier of a
lot, or a person authorised by such subsidiary proprietor or occupier from
installing—

…

(b) any screen or other device to prevent entry of animals or insects on the
lot;

(c) any structure or device to prevent harm to children; …

...

(4) Any such locking or safety device, screen, other device or structure must
be installed in a competent and proper manner and must have an appearance,
after it has been installed, in keeping with such guidelines as the management
corporation may prescribe regarding such installations, and with the
appearance of the rest of the building.

22 The question of which provision applies thus hinges on the location of the
proposed works. If the works are to be performed within the subsidiary
proprietor’s lot, ss 37 and 37A of the BMSMA apply. If they are performed on
common property, by-law 5 applies. In the less common situation where works
are performed on common property that also lies within the subsidiary
proprietor’s lot, such as in the present case, all three provisions apply. The
learned DJ proceeded on the premise that the applicable provision governing
the matter was by-law 5, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

At [58] of the DJ’s judgment.

which pertained to works on common property. As regards ss 37 and 37A of the
BMSMA, she opined: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

At [77] of the DJ’s judgment.

Given my finding that Fixscreen would be installed on common property, it is
not strictly necessary for me to deal with ss 37 and 37A of the BMSMA as these
are only engaged where the proposed works would take place in or upon the
claimant’s lot. [emphasis added]

The Applicant submits 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Applicant’s submissions, at paras 3.3.2–3.3.4.

that the above observation by the DJ appeared to be an error of law, because
structural elements defined as “common property” under s 2 BMSMA can still lie
within the subsidiary proprietor’s lot, and thereby trigger the operation of
ss 37 and 37A BMSMA. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Applicant’s submissions, at paras 3.3.2–3.3.4.

That was in fact the case here, where the structural walls to which the Screen
brackets would be affixed were comprised in the Applicant’s lot. The Applicant
thus takes the view that ss 37 and 37A BMSMA remain applicable.

23 I agree that the statement of the learned DJ, as extracted in the preceding
paragraph, appears to reflect an error of law. The Respondent concedes this as
well. Still, it is not an error of law that merits permission to appeal. As
explained by Goh JC in Zhou Wenjing (at [37]), not every error of law will
suffice – the error must be one where (inter alia) the appeal is likely to
succeed. The DJ’s error in this case did not satisfy that threshold. Despite
opining that ss 37 and 37A BMSMA were inapplicable, the learned DJ
specifically went on to evaluate how, even if ss 37 or 37A applied,
installation of the Screen still fell afoul of these two other provisions on
account of the Screen not keeping with the appearance of the building. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See [84] and [92] of the DJ’s judgment.

The error of law, if one could call it that, was thus not determinative and
did not constitute a ground to grant permission to appeal.

24 This segues to the common thread running through all three provisions,
which is that the works done must not detract from, and must be in keeping
with, the appearance of the rest of the building or other buildings: see s
37(4)(a), s 37A(2)(b) and by-law 5(4), extracted above.

25 As alluded to at [22] above, given that the Screen was being installed on
“common property”, the learned DJ decided that by-law 5 of the Second Schedule
to the BM(SM)R applied. The learned DJ held that the Screen failed to comply
with by-law 5(4), as it was not in keeping with the appearance of the rest of
the building. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See [72] of the DJ’s judgment.

As explained at [23] above, the learned DJ also opined that even if ss 37A and
37 of the BMSMA governed the Respondent’s decision, the Screen would similarly
not be in keeping with the appearance of the building under s 37A(2)(b) of the
BMSMA, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See [84] of the DJ’s judgment.

and would also detract from the appearance of the building under s 37(4) of
the BMSMA (meaning that the Respondent’s refusal to approve would also have
been justified under both s 37A and s 37 of the BMSMA).

26 The Applicant contends that permission should be granted for an appeal as
the learned DJ failed to go through the proper steps in assessing the Screen’s
impact on the appearance of the rest of the buildings. Specifically, the
Applicant relies on the structure of s 37 of the BMSMA to argue that the
assessment of aesthetic impact entails a two-step process:

(a) Under s 37(3) of the BMSMA, if the proposed improvement affects the
appearance of the buildings in the strata title plan, the subsidiary
proprietor must seek the management corporation’s approval for the
improvement.

(b) Under s 37(4)(a) of the BMSMA, the management corporation may grant
approval if the improvement will not detract from the appearance of any of the
buildings comprised in the strata title plan, or if it will be in keeping with
the rest of the buildings.

The Applicant thus argues that in assessing whether the Respondent should have
approved his application to install the Screen, the learned DJ ought to have
gone through both steps: (i) the first step being to assess if the Screen
affected the appearance of the buildings; (ii) the next step being to assess
if the Screen affected the appearance to the extent that it detracted from the
appearance of the buildings in the strata title plan, or failed to keep with
the buildings’ appearance. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Applicant’s submissions, at para 4.1.3.

The latter step would thus have entailed an assessment of degree. The
Applicant contends that in this case, the learned DJ only went through the
first step, by explaining how the Screen affected the appearance of the
buildings, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See [76] of the DJ’s judgment.

but failed to give any reasons as to why this would have been to an extent as
to either detract from the appearance of the buildings or fail to keep with
the building’s appearance. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Applicant’s submissions, at paras 4.1.5–4.1.6.

27 With respect, the Applicant’s argument is one that seeks to split hairs.
The learned DJ made an express factual finding that the Screen was not in
keeping with appearance of the building. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See [72] of the DJ’s judgment.

In doing so, she analysed the basis of the General Division of the High
Court’s decision of Prem N Shamdasani v Management Corporation Strata Title
Plan No 920 [2023] 3 SLR 1662, where the court found that the works in
question would be in keeping with the rest of the building’s façade, to show
why the same conclusion would not apply to the present case. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See [74] of the DJ’s judgment.

Clearly, she was aware of the appropriate test under s 37(4) of the BMSMA and
properly applied her mind to it.

28 For completeness, I should add that I have looked at the photographs
adduced by parties during the appeal and am of the view that the learned DJ
did not err in concluding that the Screen failed to keep with the appearance
of the rest of the building.

The extent of a management corporation’s power to prescribe guidelines to
ensure aesthetic uniformity

29 The Respondent had issued guidelines on the safety equipment that they
could install. Specifically, the Respondent allowed subsidiary proprietors to
install:

(a) invisible grilles, to prevent falls from height; and

(b) mosquito nets, to prevent entry of insects.

In refusing to consent to the installation of the Screen, the Respondent took
the view that the Applicant could avail himself of these other installations,
which were approved under the Respondent’s guidelines.

The appliable test for assessing a management corporation’s guidelines on
aesthetic uniformity

30 In seeking permission to appeal, the Applicant challenges these guidelines
and, in doing so, argues that the legal threshold for challenging such
guidelines by a management corporation is a question of general principle or
question of public importance.

31 Before examining this argument, it is necessary to refer to by-law 5(4) of
the Second Schedule to the BM(SM)R, which states that any installation must
not only keep with the appearance of the rest of the buildings, but also keep
with the guidelines of the management corporation. Both these requirements are
necessarily related – the management corporation’s guidelines on aesthetic
uniformity would assist in maintaining some degree of uniformity in the
appearance of the installations, thereby helping to maintain the aesthetics of
the building’s appearance. A fair degree of latitude should be accorded to the
management corporation in the promulgation of guidelines on what is
aesthetically acceptable and what is not. In Management Corporation Strata
Title Plan No 940 v Lim Florence Marjorie [2019] 4 SLR 773 (“Lim Florence
Marjorie”), Vinodh Coomaraswamy J examined the operation of s 37 BMSMA and
observed, at [87]–[88]:

87 The decision whether the statutory criteria in ss 37(4)(a) and 37(4)(b) are
met is within the purview of the management corporation and not the courts.
This is apparent from s 37(4) itself, which requires that it is the management
corporation who must be satisfied that both subsections are satisfied. Placing
the decision-making in the hands of the management corporation is in line with
the overall intention of parliament in enacting the Act. … The Act was thus
intended to empower management corporations to make decisions in a bid to
encourage self-regulation, as government intervention was no longer feasible.
… Indeed, similar concerns underlie the Ontario Condominium Act from which the
Act was adapted. Thus, an Ontario court in York Region Standard Condominium
Corp No 1076 v Anjali Holdings Ltd [2010] OJ No 488 said at [9]:

It is not [the] function [of the] judge, however, to assess the aesthetics of
the changes made … As Cusinato J said at paragraph 12: ‘It matters not … that
the landscaping appears to be beautifully done, or that all other unit holders
find it pleasing. Where the elected Board concludes that it is unacceptable …
their word [i]s final …’

88 This is not, of course, to endorse the tyranny of the majority. There are
statutory safeguards to prevent minority oppression in management corporations
just as there are safeguards to prevent minority oppression in commercial
corporations. …

While a wide berth may be accorded to the management corporation to exercise
its discretion, there still has to be a balance struck between aesthetic
uniformity and the efficacy of the safety equipment prescribed by the
management corporation in keeping the relevant harm at bay. In the case of
Ahmad bin Ibrahim and others v The MCST Plan No. 4131 [2018] SGSTB 8 (“Ahmad
bin Ibrahim”), the Strata Titles Board (“STB”) was confronted with the
question of how that balance should be achieved. In that case, the subsidiary
proprietors wanted to install fixed awnings to address the issue of “killer
litter”, but the management corporation refused to allow this, as its
guidelines allowed only retractable awnings. The subsidiary proprietors filed
an application that they be allowed to install fixed awnings. The STB rejected
the application, ruling (at [25]) that the retractable awnings prescribed by
the management corporation’s guidelines were “a necessary, reasonable and
proportionate response” to the “killer litter” problem.

32 The Applicant contends that there are no High Court pronouncements on
whether the formulation propounded by the STB for assessing the management
corporation’s guidelines, ie, that they be “necessary, reasonable and
proportionate”, should in fact be the “controlling principle” 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicant’s submissions, at para 3.4.9(b).

to police such guidelines. This, the Applicant argues, is a question of
general principle to be decided for the first time 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicant’s submissions, at para 3.4.11.

and also a question of public importance. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Applicant’s submissions, at para 3.5.1.

33 At the threshold, I note that the validity of the formulation in Ahmad bin
Ibrahim was never challenged by Applicant below. In fact, the Applicant had,
in his submissions before the learned DJ, explicitly adopted this very
formulation, ie, that the guidelines by the Respondent had to be a necessary,
reasonable and proportionate response to addressing the risk at hand. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Applicant’s submissions in DC/OA 41, dated 13 June 2023, at paras 5.3.4,
6.3.2, 6.3.6.

More importantly, the Applicant failed to suggest any alternative formulation
for adjudging the acceptability of a management corporation’s guidelines, and
how that alternative formulation might tip the balance on appeal. That being
the case, without having to expressly endorse the approach in Ahmad bin
Ibrahim for determining the acceptability of a management corporation’s
guidelines on safety equipment, I conclude that the Applicant has not raised
any question of general principle or question of public importance on this
point, for which permission to appeal should be granted.

Burden of proof when challenging a management corporation’s guidelines on
aesthetic uniformity

34 The Applicant also points to the DJ’s remarks (at [65]) that:

… the [Applicant] would have to comply with [the Respondent’s] guidelines
unless he is able to show that the installation(s) permitted by the
[Respondent] are not necessary, reasonable or proportionate.

The Applicant highlights that the learned DJ effectively placed the legal
burden on the subsidiary proprietor to show that the management corporation’s
guidelines were not acceptable, when it was arguably the management
corporation which should have borne the burden of proving that they were. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Applicant’s submissions, at para 3.4.6.

The Applicant thus contends that this is yet another question, ie, where the
legal burden should lie, which should be answered by a higher court on appeal.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Applicant’s submissions, at para 3.4.9(b).

35 I reject the Applicant’s submissions on this point. The law on burden of
proof is trite and has been repeatedly expounded in our case law. Given that a
person seeking to establish a fact bears the burden of proving it, it stands
to reason that where a management corporation has issued guidelines to
maintain the development’s aesthetic appearance, a subsidiary proprietor
seeking to challenge those guidelines as being unacceptable bears the burden
of demonstrating this to the court. This position also coheres with the
broader policy position, canvassed at [31] above, that management corporations
should be given sufficient leeway to dictate what accords with the
development’s overall aesthetic theme. This is an important function which, as
observed by Coomaraswamy J in Lim Florence Marjorie, at [91], impacts on the
value of the development:

The [MCST] – who, after all, is simply the embodiment of the collective will
of … subsidiary proprietors – has passed by-laws which attach special
significance to renovations carried out on a balcony. The plaintiff has also
enacted specific by-laws to maintain day-to-day aesthetic uniformity of the
balcony and therefore the façade, even to the extent of regulating the type,
height and quantity of plants that can be grown in planter boxes on balconies
and the colour and inclination of awnings. The plaintiff has quite reasonably
taken the position that any renovations which affect the aesthetic uniformity
of [the development’s] façade ‘may also impact on [the] good image [and]
prestige of an upscale and prestigious estate in [the development]’. A lack of
uniformity may, in the long term, have a detrimental effect on the value of
the flats in a development …

If the management corporation is to perform this function effectively, it
should not be put on the defensive and made to justify its guidelines in court
every time a subsidiary proprietor sees fit to install something that sticks
out like a sore thumb. If the subsidiary proprietor wants to defy the
management corporation’s guidelines, he bears the burden of proving why he
should be allowed to do so.

36 This view is also consistent with the observations expressed at the Second
Reading speech introducing s 37A of the BMSMA (Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (11 September 2017) vol 94 (Desmond Lee, Second
Minister for National Development)), where the Minister remarked that the onus
of ensuring that installations maintain uniformity with the development’s
overall appearance lies with the subsidiary proprietor:

Next, we want to strengthen an existing provision to facilitate SPs’
installation of safety equipment in their own lots. While an existing
prescribed by-law states that SPs cannot be prevented from installing any
structure or device that prevents harm to children, SPs are also required to
seek the MCST’s approval for installations which affect the appearance of the
building. There have been cases of MCSTs vetoing SPs’ installation of safety
grilles on the basis that the designs affected the building’s appearance.

With this amendment …, MCSTs can no longer disallow installations of safety
equipment such as grilles installed at windows or balconies. But a new Section
37A(2) will place the onus on SPs to ensure that their installations maintain
a certain uniformity of appearance. In this regard, developers and MCSTs are
encouraged to provide design guidelines for such installations upfront, to
guide SPs in achieving the overall desired appearance.

[emphasis added]

37 In my view, there is no question of public importance or general principle
arising here. The burden of proof for establishing that the court should
disregard the Respondent’s guidelines lay squarely on the Applicant. Of
course, in those instances where the management corporation’s guidelines are
clearly unreasonable or disproportionate, the subsidiary proprietor may well
face little difficulty in discharging that burden, although this would be
highly dependent on the facts.

Extent to which a management corporation’s guidelines on aesthetic uniformity
can curtail the range of safety equipment

38 As alluded to above, both s 37A of the BMSMA (in the case of installations
within the subsidiary proprietor’s lot) and by-law 5(3) in the Second Schedule
to the BM(SM)R (in the case of installations on common property) allow the
subsidiary proprietor to install various categories of safety equipment,
subject to the restriction that the installation keeps with the appearance of
the rest of the building. I have used the term “safety equipment” loosely in
describing the installations listed in by-law 5(3), as this by-law does not
actually employ that term. On this, the Applicant points to the following
section of the Second Reading speech introducing s 37A of the BMSMA, as
support for his view that Parliament intended for subsidiary proprietors to
have a wide host of safety equipment to choose from:

Er Dr Lee asked for the definition of ‘safety equipment’ to be extended to
cover other items. The proposed definition will cover a host of other items
including balustrades, railings, fences, screens and lock or security
mechanisms.

[emphasis added]

39 The Applicant argues that the host of definitions of safety equipment
provided for in s 37A of the BMSMA would be rendered otiose if the Respondent
could promulgate guidelines which only allow for one or two types of safety
equipment, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Applicant’s submissions, at para 3.4.4.

such as in this case where the Respondent prescribed mosquito netting to keep
out insects and invisible grilles for the safety of children. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Applicant’s submissions, at para 3.4.6.

The Applicant thus argues that this is yet another question of general
principle or public importance that should be ventilated on appeal, ie, the
extent to which a management corporation is entitled to curtail the scope of
safety equipment which could be installed.

40 With respect, the Applicant’s argument is misconceived. Parliament has laid
out a wide host of categories of safety equipment. I would agree that the
management corporation should not be restricting those categories, eg, by
allowing subsidiary proprietors to install only insect screens but not
railings. Such a restriction would defeat the purpose of s 37A, as it would
keep insects out but fail to protect against fall from height. However, what
the Respondent did in this case was not to restrict the host of categories,
but rather the type of installations within each category. Thus, within the
category of insect screens in s 37A(3)(c) of the BMSMA, the Respondent decided
to exclude Fixscreen and Ziptrak. Once a management corporation’s choice of
installation (eg, invisible grilles and mosquito nets in this case)
sufficiently addresses the safety concern sought to be achieved by the
specific category of safety equipment prescribed by statute, the subsidiary
proprietor’s only remaining grouse would be that the management corporation
deprived him of a wider aesthetic array of installations. However, given the
observation in Lim Florence Marjorie that the management corporation is
typically charged with maintaining the aesthetic uniformity of the
development, with a view to preserving the value of the development, it is to
be expected that the guidelines promulgated by a management corporation must
necessarily curtail diversity of aesthetic designs to some degree.

41 The real question that the Applicant is raising here is whether the extent
to which the Respondent’s guidelines had narrowed the scope of choices within
each category of safety equipment was reasonable. That is a highly factual
issue which would necessitate delving into what is aesthetically acceptable
and what is not. This did not give rise to any question of general principle
or question of importance requiring ventilation at an appellate platform.

Conclusion

42 For the above reasons, I dismiss the application for permission to appeal.

Christopher Tan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Joseph Tay Weiwen, Lin Ruizi and Mo Fei (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the
applicant;

Chen Chongguang Daniel and Tan Hong Xun Enzel (Lee & Lee)

for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 11 Jan 2024 (16:29 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

