Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC(A) 8

Civil Appeal No 107 of 2021

Between

(1)| Safie bin Jantan  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Zaiton binte Adom  
---|---  
(2)| Nafsiah bte Wagiman  
  
… Respondents

Civil Appeal No 108 of 2021

Between

(1)| Zaiton binte Adom  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Safie bin Jantan  
---|---  
(2)| Nafsiah bte Wagiman  
  
… Respondents

ex tempore judgment

[Family Law — Ancillary powers of court]

[Family Law — Muslims — Issues within jurisdiction of civil court]

[Muslim Law — Syariah Court — Jurisdiction]

[Restitution — Unjust enrichment]

[Trusts — beneficiaries]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Safie bin Jantan

  
v

  

Zaiton bte Adom and another and another appeal

[2023] SGHC(A) 8

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 107 of 2021; Civil
Appeal No 108 of 2021  
Debbie Ong Siew Ling JAD, Aedit Abdullah J and Quentin Loh Sze-On SJ  
8 February 2023

8 February 2023

Debbie Ong Siew Ling JAD (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Background

1 Mr Safie bin Jantan (“S”) is the appellant in AD/CA 107/2021 (“AD 107”) and
the first respondent in AD/CA 108/2021 (“AD 108”). His present wife, Ms Zaiton
binte Adom (“Z”) is the appellant in AD 108 and the first respondent in AD
107. Mr Safie’s ex-wife, Ms Nafsiah bte Wagiman (“N”), is the second
respondent in both AD 107 and AD 108.

2 We dismiss the appeals in AD 107 and AD 108. These are the brief grounds of
our decision.

3 S and N married in 1985 and divorced in 2018. S then married Z in 2019. In
2015, on S’s request, Z handed S a cheque made out to “CPF” and a cashier’s
order made out to “CPF BOARD” totalling $205,359.80 (the “Moneys”). S was
still married to N at that time. S handed the cheque and cashier’s order to N,
who deposited the Moneys into her Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) account on
S’s instructions. N then withdrew $125,717.15 from her CPF account to repay
the loan on their matrimonial home, a Housing and Development Board flat (“the
Flat”).

4 In May 2017, N commenced divorce proceedings against S in the Syariah Court.
The Syariah Court granted a divorce decree on 4 December 2018 (the “2018
Order”) which included an order in paragraph 5 that the Flat was to be sold
and N was to receive 100% of the net sale proceeds. Ten days after the 2018
Order, on 14 December 2018, S applied for variation of paragraphs 5 and 6 of
the 2018 Order. Z intervened in those variation proceedings, seeking a claim
of $205,359.80 for herself. In October 2019, the Syariah Court varied part of
the 2018 order – it ordered that N was to pay Z the sum of $138,917.15. On
appeal, the Appeal Board constituted under the Administration of Muslim Law
Act (Cap 3, 2009 Rev Ed) (the “Appeal Board”) set aside that variation order
and restored the 2018 Order. Z then commenced a civil action in Originating
Summons No 1014 of 2020 (“OS 1014”) claiming $205,359.80 from S and/or N.

Decision of the Judge

5 In OS 1014, the Judge of the General Division of the High Court (the
“Judge”) held that S was personally liable to pay Z the sum of $205,359.80 as
restitution for unjust enrichment. He noted that S conceded that in 2015, S
owed a personal obligation to return Z the sum of $205,359.80. The Judge found
that S and Z had shared a common intention for either S or Z to become the
sole owner of the Flat in exchange for Z’s Moneys. He found that once the
Moneys were handed over to S, the funds were at S’s free disposal and S was
enriched. S’s choice to direct N to deposit the cashier’s orders into her CPF
account did not detract from his enrichment. This enrichment was at Z’s
expense and it was unjust as there was a failure of basis, which was the
common intention for S to become the sole owner of the Flat. As the Appeal
Board’s decision would result in the Flat’s entire net sale proceeds going to
N, the basis had failed.

6 The Judge dismissed all the other claims made by Z against S and N.

Analyses and Observations

7 A main contention of the appellants is that it was N who has been unjustly
enriched and her conduct was unconscionable as she now refuses to return the
Moneys after initially acknowledging that they should be returned to Z. We
observe that two facts are of critical importance here. First, N is now
entitled to the entire net proceeds of the Flat due to a Syariah Court order.
Second, we accept that N did not know until 2016 that the source of the Moneys
was Z, nor did she know before then of the plans and common intention of S and
Z. These facts are fatal to the appellants’ cases.

8 As a third party to the divorce proceedings between S and N, Z can only
pursue her purported interest in the Flat by way of independent civil
proceedings. The Appeal Board referred to the principles in the Court of
Appeal (“CA”) decision of UDA v UDB and another [2018] 1 SLR 1015 (“UDA”) and
the High Court decision of UDA v UDB [2018] 3 SLR 1433. It applied the same
reasoning in these decisions and held that the Syariah Court exercising
matrimonial jurisdiction over divorcing parties had no jurisdiction to
determine the substantive rights of a third party to the divorce proceedings.

9 What then, could someone in Z’s position have done? In UDA, the CA explained
(at [54]):

A third party claiming an interest in any property alleged to be a matrimonial
asset is entitled to have his rights ruled on by the court and is, further,
entitled to the benefit of a final ruling which he can assert against the rest
of the world. If the third party wants to directly assert those rights, what
should he do? He can, of course, and should commence independent civil
proceedings against either or both the spouses (depending on the factual
situation) for a declaration as to his interest and other relief. The question
is whether he can do anything in relation to the ongoing s 112 proceedings.
Given that the third party cannot participate in those proceedings, whilst he
may ask for leave to intervene in the proceedings, the only purpose of such
intervention would be to notify the court of his interest and apply for a stay
of the s 112 proceedings pending determination of his separate civil suit.

10 Thus where a court is apprised of a third party’s intended claim to
property which a spouse asserts is a matrimonial asset, the court should “stay
the s 112 proceedings in order to allow the property dispute to be separately
determined first” (UDA at [55]).

11 Z could have intervened in the Syariah Court proceedings to seek a stay of
the divorce proceedings until her rights could be determined in the civil
court. At the first hearing of the divorce proceedings, N informed the court
of the use of moneys from Z to repay the loan on the Flat. The Syariah Court
held the divorce proceedings in abeyance to allow Z the opportunity to apply
to intervene in the divorce proceedings. Z did not intervene then and instead
intervened later to bring a claim before the Syariah Court in the subsequent
variation proceedings filed by S. The Appeal Board held that the Syariah Court
did not have the jurisdiction or power in the variation proceedings to
determine Z’s claims and restored the 2018 Order. Consequently, N remains
entitled to the entire net proceeds of the Flat. Had Z been successful in a
claim in a civil action that she had beneficial ownership over certain assets
before the 2018 Order was made, the Syariah Court might then not have included
those assets in the pool of matrimonial assets to be divided between the
divorcing parties. No such steps were taken and it is not appropriate now to
speculate what the outcome might have been had there been civil proceedings
then.

Decision

12 We agree with the Judge that on the facts and circumstances of this case, S
had been unjustly enriched by the Moneys and is liable to return the moneys to
Z. S had requested the Moneys from Z, and Z had intended to transfer the
Moneys to S. In 2015, Z was already in a relationship with S, described by Z
as an “unregistered marriage”. To Z, S was her husband and they were acting as
a team planning to acquire ownership over the Flat. S then used the Moneys in
ways he thought would benefit him. Perhaps he had not considered that upon a
divorce, the Flat could be divided by the court in a way that gave him no
interest in it. But even if he had not considered that, he still had the
opportunity to run his case as he thought fit during the divorce proceedings.
Whether he could have benefitted or been “enriched” from his use of the Moneys
by asking the Syariah Court to treat them as his direct contributions in
dividing the matrimonial assets, was for him to pursue. The Appeal Board had
held at [78] of its Grounds of Decision (Appeal Case No. 32/2019) that:

As to whether the relevant considerations in the present case have been
properly canvassed at the hearing leading to the Decree (namely, whether the
money is to be treated as an asset or a form of direct financial contribution
by either of the parties to the marriage; and if it is an asset, whether it is
a matrimonial asset or not), this is an argument for appeal and not variation.

13 The Moneys have gone into the equity of the Flat which has been found to be
a matrimonial asset and divided by the Syariah Court. According to N, the
Syariah Court had ordered that she was to receive 100% of the net sale
proceeds of the Flat to account for the shortfall of nafkah iddah and mutaah
that should be awarded to her. Theirs was a marriage that lasted 33 years. The
Syariah Court had given Z the opportunity to intervene in the proceedings,
applied the law to the facts before it and reached its 2018 Order. This court
cannot go into the merits of the Syariah Court order nor re-open its decision.

14 The Judge’s order that S was personally liable to pay Z the sum of
$205,359.80 was a “risk” to S that eventualised as S did not take steps
earlier to assert his claim that not the full equity in the Flat was a
matrimonial asset. In UDA, the CA observed that where the property is in the
name of one of the spouses who claims that the third party has an interest in
the property, but where no order is sought by or against this third party
directly, the court may make an order exercising its powers as the only
parties directly affected by the order will be the spouses in question. The CA
noted that this bears the attendant risks that an order obtained is not
binding upon the third party (UDA at [58]):

… the spouse in whose name the property stands, having been ordered to share
the value of the property with the other spouse, may later find he or she has
to account to the third party for such value or to transfer the property
outright to the third party. This is because the determination of the
ownership of the disputed property in the s 112 proceedings will not bind the
third party who may challenge it in separate proceedings. But that is the risk
the spouse takes by not seeking an order that will bind the third party.

15 Instead of taking active steps in respect of his position on the Moneys, S
was absent at the hearing on 4 December 2018 when the divorce decree and
orders for division of assets were made. S did not file any documents in the
divorce proceedings. He now has to account to the third party, Z, for the
Moneys. We observe in the Notes of Evidence of 16 September 2021 that S’s
counsel conceded that S owed an obligation to repay the sum to Z but as “the
Syariah Court order deprived him of all interest in the flat and also in the
sale proceeds”, he submitted that S subsequently no longer had the obligation
to do so. The Syariah Court’s 2018 Order does not alter S’s personal
obligation to Z.

16 We find no merit in the appellants’ arguments against the Judge’s
conclusions in respect of the other claims. We do not find any error in the
Judge’s conclusions that Z fails in her claims based on institutional
constructive trust, remedial constructive trust, presumed resulting trust,
Quistclose trust, proprietary restitution and equitable lien.

17 In brief, in respect of Z’s claim against N on imposing an institutional
and remedial constructive trust (if applicable in Singapore), Z’s case fails
as N’s conduct has not been unconscionable on the facts. N did not know that
the Moneys were from Z when she used them to redeem the loan on the Flat.
Subsequently, her entitlement to retain the proceeds rests on the Syariah
Court’s 2018 Order. As for Z’s claim for a resulting trust in her favour, her
claim fails as she intended to hand over the Moneys to S to be used by S, in
ways he chose to, to carry out the plan for him to acquire ownership of the
Flat. For this reason as well, a Quistclose trust does not arise as Z had
handed over the Moneys for S to use, albeit in ways that would further their
broad aim.

18 We observe that the ultimate outcome of the Judge’s order in fact favours
Z. Z has sought the return of the sum of $205,359.80 and she has been
successful in obtaining an order for the return of that sum. Despite this, she
may still not be satisfied with the outcome because S is her husband with whom
she “shares” financial gains and losses as part of married life, but that is a
separate and different lament. The situation has partially come about because
her husband had undergone divorce proceedings where his assets held to be
matrimonial assets have been shared with N, and neither Z nor her husband S
took the opportunity given to assert their claims in civil actions before the
conclusion of the divorce proceedings.

Conclusion and Costs

19 We dismiss the appeals, AD 107 and AD 108.

20 S has failed in his appeal against Z, while Z has failed in her appeal
against S. No costs are ordered for these two parties vis-à-vis each other.

21 Both S and Z have failed in their appeals against N. S and Z shall each pay
$15,000, inclusive of disbursements, to N (N will receive costs of $30,000,
inclusive of disbursements, in total).

22 The usual consequential orders will apply.

Debbie Ong Siew Ling  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---|---  
Quentin Loh Sze-On  
Senior Judge|  
  
Chishty Syed Ahmed Jamal (A C Syed & Partners) for the appellant in AD/CA
107/2021 and the first respondent in AD/CA 108/2021;

Mohamed Hashim bin Abdul Rasheed and Sofia Bakhash (A Mohamed Hashim) for the
appellant in AD/CA 107/2021 and the first respondent in AD/CA 108/2021;

Mohammad Shafiq bin Haja Maideen (M Shafiq Chambers LLC) for the second
respondent in AD/CA 107/2021 and AD/CA 108/2021.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Feb 2023 (15:43 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

