Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 78

Originating Summons No 21 of 2022  
(Summons No 670 of 2022)

In the matter of an application by the Attorney-General for an order of
committal for contempt of court

And

In the matter of Sections 3(1)(a), 3(1)(d), 3(1)(e), 10(1) and 10(2) of the
Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (No 19 of 2016)

And

In the matter of Order 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed)

Between

| The Attorney-General  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Ravi s/o Madasamy  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Originating Summons No 22 of 2022  
(Summons No 669 of 2022)

In the matter of an application by the Attorney-General for an order of
committal for contempt of court

And

In the matter of Sections 3(1)(a), 3(1)(d), 3(1)(e) and 10(1) of the
Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (No 19 of 2016)

And

In the matter of Order 52 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed)

Between

| The Attorney-General  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Ravi s/o Madasamy  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Contempt of Court — Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Attorney-General

  
v

  

Ravi s/o Madasamy and another matter

[2023] SGHC 78

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summonses Nos 21 and 22 of
2022 (Summonses Nos 670 and 669 of 2022)  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
10 October 2022

31 March 2023 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 HC/SUM 669/2022 (“SUM 669”) and HC/SUM 670/2022 (“SUM 670”) are applications
in HC/OS 22/2022 (“OS 22”) and HC/OS 21/2022 (“OS 21”) respectively, brought
by the Attorney-General (the “AG”), for orders of committal against Mr Ravi
s/o Madasamy (“Mr Ravi”), an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of
Singapore. The applications concern Mr Ravi’s conduct in two sets of
proceedings in November 2021.

2 In SUM 670, the AG alleges that Mr Ravi committed contempt of court during
the hearing of SC-904600-2020, being the State Court proceedings of Public
Prosecutor v Magendran Muniandy (“SC 904600”). As for SUM 669, it arises out
of Mr Ravi’s conduct in HC/S 699/2021, being the High Court proceedings of
Chua Qwong Meng v SBS Transit Ltd (“S 699”). At the time, Mr Ravi was
practising at the law firm of M/s K K Cheng Law LLC (“K K Cheng LLC”).

3 Pursuant to the request of Mr Ravi, the applications are dealt with
together. This is because a defence common to both applications is that Mr
Ravi was suffering from a relapse of his bipolar disorder. Also, as agreed by
the parties, the issue of liability is to be determined first, with
submissions on punishment to be furnished thereafter, should Mr Ravi be found
liable for any of the allegations of contempt. This is, therefore, my judgment
for both applications on the question of liability for contempt.

Background facts

4 Drawn from the transcripts of various court proceedings and contemporaneous
communications, these background facts are largely undisputed.

SC-904600-2020 (Public Prosecutor v Magendran Muniandy)

5 In SC 904600, the accused person, Mr Magendran Muniandy (“Mr Magendran”),
claimed trial to certain criminal charges. The trial was fixed for hearing at
9.30am on 9, 10 and 11 November 2021 before District Judge Chay Yuen Fatt (“DJ
Chay”). However, on 3 November 2021, Mr Magendran’s previous lawyer filed an
application to discharge himself.

6 The discharge application was fixed for hearing at 9.15am on 8 November 2021
before DJ Chay. On that day, at 9.20am, Mr Ravi appeared on behalf of Mr
Magendran. After Mr Magendran confirmed that he was appointing Mr Ravi as his
new lawyer, DJ Chay granted the application by the previous lawyer to
discharge himself. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Rimplejit Kaur filed on 7 January 2022 (“RK’s Affidavit”) at p
20, line 27 to p 21, line 8 (8 November 2021 Transcript of SC 904600).

When DJ Chay asked if the trial could proceed as scheduled, Mr Ravi informed
DJ Chay that he was not involved in any other hearings from 9 to 11 November
2021 and that the trial could commence on 9 November 2021. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 23, line 26 to p 24, line 6 (8 November 2021 Transcript of
SC 904600).

The hearing concluded at 9.27am.

7 Shortly after, at 9.54am, Mr Ravi appeared before Principal District Judge
Toh Han Li (“PDJ Toh”) in SC-901420-2017, being the case of Public Prosecutor
v Li Dan and others (“SC 901420”). There, the accused persons, including Mr Li
Dan (“Mr Li”), claimed trial. The trial was fixed for 28 days before PDJ Toh,
which included 8 to 10 November 2021. Initially, Mr Ravi informed PDJ Toh that
he was not representing Mr Li for the criminal trial but only for a judicial
review application to the High Court concerning the case. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 32, line 11 to p 33, line 10 (8 November 2021 Transcript
of SC 901420).

Subsequently, he confirmed that he was representing Mr Li for the criminal
trial. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 35, line 22 to p 36, line 3 (8 November 2021 Transcript of
SC 901420).

8 On 9 November 2021, Mr Ravi did not turn up at 9.30am for the trial of SC
904600 before DJ Chay. Instead, he appeared before PDJ Toh for SC 901420. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 115, lines 6 to 24 (9 November 2021 Transcript of SC
904600).

Eventually, at 11am, he appeared before DJ Chay, and applied to adjourn SC
904600. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 118, lines 5 to 13 (9 November 2021 Transcript of SC
904600).

After an exchange concerning why Mr Ravi had been “double fixed” for two
trials in the same morning, Mr Ravi said that DJ Chay was “biased” against him
and asked DJ Chay to “discharge” himself. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 120, lines 5 to 16 (9 November 2021 Transcript of SC
904600).

Thereafter, Mr Ravi interrupted DJ Chay when DJ Chay was speaking to Mr
Magendran to ascertain the latter’s intentions regarding the conduct of SC
904600. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 120, line 21 to p 121, line 32 (9 November 2021 Transcript
of SC 904600).

After DJ Chay declined the request for the trial to be adjourned, Mr Ravi said
that unlike Judges of the High Court, DJ Chay could be “removed … at will by
the State”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 124, lines 9 to 18 (9 November 2021 Transcript of SC
904600).

In any event, the matter was adjourned to the next day because Mr Ravi was
scheduled to attend a matter before the Court of Appeal that afternoon.

9 On 10 November 2021, Mr Ravi filed an application for the case to be stated
to the High Court under s 395(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012
Rev Ed) (“CPC”). After DJ Chay dismissed Mr Ravi’s application, Mr Ravi said
that DJ Chay was “in contempt of Court” and “[didn’t] have security of tenure
[and knew] what it means”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 149, lines 16 to 25 (10 November 2021 Transcript of SC
904600).

10 Shortly thereafter, Mr Ravi left the courtroom and did not return. Mr
Magendran confirmed that he was prepared to represent himself. Thereafter, DJ
Chay proceeded with the trial in Mr Ravi’s absence on 10 and 11 November 2021.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 150, lines 1 to 3 (10 November 2021 Transcript of SC
904600).

These events formed the substratum of OS 21 and SUM 670.

HC/S 699/2021 (Chua Qwong Meng v SBS Transit Ltd)

11 Turning to S 699, the trial was scheduled for hearing before Justice Audrey
Lim (“Lim J”) from 22 to 25 and 29 November 2021. The plaintiff, Mr Chua Qwong
Meng (“Mr Chua”), was represented by Mr Ravi, while the defendant, SBS Transit
Ltd, was represented by Mr Davinder Singh SC (“Mr Singh”) from M/s Davinder
Singh Chambers LLC.

12 On 22 November 2021, the hearing started at 10.13am. After some preliminary
matters were dealt with, a short adjournment was granted at 10.22am. When the
hearing resumed at 10.34am, Lim J gave certain directions on the arrangements
for the cross-examination of Mr Chua who was to testify remotely via Zoom from
Mr Ravi’s office. Mr Ravi took issue with the directions, stated that Lim J
was “biased” and that she was taking sides with Mr Singh. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Affidavit of Wuan Kin Lek Nicholas filed on 7 January 2022 (“WKLN’s
Affidavit”) at p 32, lines 5 to 11 (22 November 2021 Transcript of S 699W);
and WKLN’s Affidavit at p 35, lines 7 to 9 (22 November 2021 Transcript of S
699).

13 On the ground of bias, Mr Ravi also applied for Lim J to disqualify
herself. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 32, lines 5 to 6 (22 November 2021 Transcript of S 699).

After Lim J rejected the application, Mr Ravi requested time to file a notice
of appeal against the decision. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 33, lines 13 to 25 (22 November 2021 Transcript of S
699).

14 In the course of the proceedings, Mr Ravi also made various other remarks
against Lim J (which are set out below at [24(c)]). Mr Ravi also interrupted
Lim J when she was addressing him on certain alternative arrangements for Mr
Chua to give evidence under cross-examination (the “cross-examination
arrangements”), 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 32, line 12 to p 33 line 17 (22 November 2021 Transcript
of S 699).

and when she was trying to have the court interpreter interpret to Mr Chua
what was going on during the court proceedings. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 34, line 15 to p 36, line 24 (22 November 2021
Transcript of S 699).

15 Thereafter, Mr Ravi informed Lim J that both he and Mr Chua would discharge
themselves and would no longer participate in the proceedings. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 37, lines 4 to 5; p 37, lines 12 to 13 (22 November 2021
Transcript of S 699).

At 10.59am, Lim J granted Mr Ravi a short break to obtain instructions from Mr
Chua. After the proceedings resumed at 11.18am, Mr Ravi confirmed that both he
and Mr Chua would like to apply to discharge themselves from S 699. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 41, at lines 2 to 3 (22 November 2021 Transcript of S
699).

16 On the afternoon of 22 November 2021, after the conclusion of proceedings
for the day, the Registry received a letter from Mr Chua stating that he (a)
was discharging Mr Ravi as his counsel, (b) wished to continue with S 699, (c)
would not be proceeding with any application for the recusal of Lim J, and (d)
wanted an adjournment to engage new counsel (“Mr Chua’s Letter”). 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at pp 61 to 62.

17 On 23 November 2021, the Registry replied to Mr Chua by letter copied to K
K Cheng LLC, with Mr Ravi named as the solicitor in charge, informing Mr Chua
that his requests had been noted but that until a change for representation
had been effected, a request for an adjournment had to be made through K K
Cheng LLC (the “Registry’s Reply”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at pp 64 to 65.

18 On 24 November 2021, shortly after midnight, Mr Arun Kumar M Sadarangani
(“Mr Arun”), a paralegal employed by K K Cheng LLC, sent an e-mail to the
Registry, stating, inter alia, that “we have reconsidered the position and we
would like to proceed with the trial”; and (b) “we would like to proceed at
10am on 24th November 2021” or “at any time tomorrow subject to [Lim J’s]
direction” (the “24 November Email”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at pp 67 to 68.

According to Mr Arun, he was instructed by Mr Ravi to send the 24 November
Email. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Affidavit of Arun Kumar M Sadarangani filed on 6 January 2022 (“Arun’s
Affidavit”) at para 5.

19 On 25 November 2021, the Registry sought clarification from K K Cheng LLC
as to, inter alia, whether Mr Chua had given instructions that he would like
to proceed with the trial after having earlier requested the Registry for an
adjournment to find and brief a new counsel. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at pp 70 to 72.

20 On 26 November 2021, M/s Carson Law Chambers filed a notice of change of
solicitor with the Registry and took over the conduct of the case for Mr Chua.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at pp 74 to 75.

At the hearing on 29 November 2021, Mr Chua’s new counsel, Mr Lim Tean,
informed the court that (a) it was never Mr Chua’s intention to apply for Lim
J to recuse herself; (b) Mr Chua intended to carry on with the suit, and (c)
Mr Ravi’s application to discharge Mr Chua from the suit was “done totally
without his instructions”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 82, line 24 to p 83, line 2; p 83, lines 19 to 24 (29
November 2021 Transcript of S 699).

21 These matters formed the subject matter of OS 20 and SUM 669.

The parties’ cases

22 The High Court’s jurisdiction to issue an order of committal and punish for
contempt committed in the High Court and the State Courts is embodied in ss
10(1) and 10(2) of the Administration of Justice (Protection) Act 2016 (No 19
of 2016) (“AJPA”). Essentially, the AG’s applications are made pursuant to s 3
of the AJPA, which sets out the elements of contempt by, inter alia,
scandalising the court.

23 Specifically, in SUM 670, the AG alleges that Mr Ravi acted in contempt of
court in SC 904600 on the five grounds as follows: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Statement pursuant to O 52 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court filed for SUM 670
dated 7 January 2022, at paras 4(a) to 4(e).

(a) under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA, for intentionally doing an act posing a real
risk of obstructing the administration of justice by providing false
information to DJ Chay on 8 November 2021 regarding his availability for trial
from 9 to 11 November 2021 (“the first allegation”);

(b) under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA, for scandalising the court by intentionally
doing an act impugning the impartiality of the court and posing a risk that
public confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined,
namely, by accusing DJ Chay of being “biased” without basis on 9 November 2021
(“the second allegation”);

(c) under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA, for intentionally causing interruption to DJ
Chay while DJ Chay was sitting in SC 904600 on 9 November 2021, by
interrupting DJ Chay when he was speaking to Mr Muniandy in open court (“the
third allegation”);

(d) under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA, by intentionally offering an insult to DJ
Chay while DJ Chay was sitting in SC 904600 on 9 November 2021, by stating in
open court that DJ Chay could be “removed…at will by the State” (“the fourth
allegation”); and

(e) under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA, by intentionally offering an insult to DJ
Chay while DJ Chay was sitting in SC 904600 on 10 November 2021, by stating in
open court that DJ Chay was “in contempt of Court” and “[didn’t] have security
of tenure [and knew] what it means” (“the fifth allegation”).

24 In SUM 669, the AG alleges that Mr Ravi engaged in contemptuous conduct in
the following five instances in S 699: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Statement pursuant to O 52 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court filed for SUM 669
dated 7 January 2022, at paras 4(a) to 4(e).

(a) under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA, for scandalising the court by intentionally
doing an act impugning the impartiality of the court and posing a risk that
public confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined,
namely, by repeatedly alleging Lim J of being “biased” and biased in favour of
Mr Singh on 22 November 2021 (“the sixth allegation”);

(b) under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA, for intentionally causing interruption to Lim
J while she was sitting in S 699 on 22 November 2021, namely, by interrupting
Lim J in open court:

(i) when Lim J was addressing Mr Ravi on the alternative arrangements for Mr
Chua to give evidence under cross-examination (“the cross-examination
arrangements”); and

(ii) when Lim J was trying to have the court interpreter interpret to Mr Chua
what was going on during the court proceedings (“the seventh allegation”).

(c) under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA, for intentionally doing an act impugning the
propriety of the court and posing a risk that public confidence in the
administration of justice would be undermined, namely, by doing the following
in open court:

(i) stating that Lim J was the “interrogator” who was “putting words into
[his] mouth”;

(ii) accusing Lim J of “completely [breaching] privileged communication which
is sacrosanct”;

(iii) alleging that Lim J’s directions in relation to the cross-examination
arrangements were “against the International Human Rights Law”,
“unacceptable”, an “unlawful law”, the “wrong law” and an “illegal law”; and

(iv) telling Lim J “don’t be rude”, that she was “not above the law” and that
“there is no rule of law in Singapore, as far as [he is] concerned” (“the
eighth allegation”).

(d) under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA, on 22 November 2021, for intentionally doing
acts posing a real risk of obstructing the administration of justice by taking
legal positions in S 699, without instructions from Mr Chua, namely:

(i) applying for Lim J to disqualify herself on grounds of bias; and

(ii) informing Lim J that Mr Chua wanted to “discharge” himself from S 669,
that Mr Chua was saying that he was “withdrawing himself”, “that the court is
at liberty to do whatever, to dismiss or whatever” and “that he does not want
to participate any more in [these] unlawful proceedings”, and that Mr Chua
“[didn’t] want to be in this court any more” (“the ninth allegation”); and

(e) under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA, on 23 November 2021, for intentionally doing
an act posing a real risk of obstructing the administration of justice by
causing Mr Arun to send the 24 November Email stating that Mr Chua wished to
proceed with S 669, which position was taken without instructions from Mr Chua
(“the tenth allegation”).

25 Before I set out Mr Ravi’s case, I should mention that a few days before
the hearing, Mr Ravi filed notices of his intention to act in person in place
of his previous lawyers from Eugene Thuraisingam LLP. At the hearing, Mr Ravi
stated that he would be relying on his two affidavits filed on 16 August 2022
(being one affidavit for each application), 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Affidavit of Ravi s/o Madasamy for HC/SUM 669/2022 dated 16 August 2022 (“R’s
Affidavit SUM 669”) and Affidavit of Ravi s/o Madasamy for HC/SUM 670/2022
dated 16 August 2022 (“R’s Affidavit SUM 670”).

as well as the common set of written submissions for both applications filed
on 27 September 2022 by his previous lawyers (“Respondent’s written
submissions”). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Respondent’s Submissions dated 27 September 2022 (“RS”).

However, on certain aspects, he would depart from the Respondent’s written
submissions. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

10 October 2022 Transcript for SUM 669 and SUM 670 at p 4, lines 3 to 8 and
lines 14 to 16.

26 In respect of both applications, Mr Ravi’s main defence is that at the
material time, he was suffering from a relapse of his bipolar disorder. He
says that his condition had a “contributory link” to all the alleged
incidents. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

RS at para 5; R’s Affidavit SUM 669 at para 6; R’s Affidavit SUM 670 at para
6.

In this connection, Mr Ravi relies on two medical reports: (a) a medical
report issued by Dr Yeo Chen Kuan Derrick (“Dr Yeo”), his treating
psychiatrist at the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”), dated 6 December 2021
(“Dr Yeo’s Report”); and (b) an outpatient forensic assessment issued by IMH
psychiatrist, Dr Lim Kim Wai (“Dr Lim”), dated 28 June 2021 (“Dr Lim’s
Report”).

27 Issued at the request of the Law Society of Singapore, Dr Yeo’s Report
focused on assessing whether Mr Ravi continued to be medically fit to practise
as an advocate and solicitor. Dr Yeo examined Mr Ravi on 2 December 2021, and
the relevant portions of Dr Yeo’s Report state: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

R’s Affidavit SUM 670 at pp 19 to 21; R’s Affidavit SUM 669 at pp 15 to 17.

3\. When examined clinically, the subject exhibited pressure of speech, flight
of ideas and he was excessively talkative in a discursive manner, often
interrupting and correcting the views of others. He also delivered monologues
that meandered from topic to topic with the contents highly suggestive of
inflated self-esteem and grandiose beliefs about his abilities as an advocate.
He was also disparaging of others and would continuously defend his recent
actions in publicly speaking about his work on social media.

4\. Mr Ravi S/O Madasamy was assessed clinically to be in a Hypomanic Episode
of Bipolar Disorder. This is a distinct period of abnormally and persistently
elevated and irritable mood associated with persistently increased activity
and energy levels. Though the episode is not severe enough to necessitate
admission to hospital, he clearly showed some impairment in his social
occupational functioning and it was clearly a noticeable change from his
usually behaviour

…

6\. Based on the information made available to me and my assessment of the
subject on 02/12/2021, I am of the considered opinion that at this juncture,
the subject is mentally unwell due to a relapse of his bipolar disorder. This
would adversely affect his ability to conduct himself professionally and
adequately in his work as an advocate and solicitor. Hence at this juncture, I
am of the opinion that he would not be fit to practice as an advocate and
solicitor until his hypomanic symptoms have sufficiently abated. He should not
engage in any legal professional work during the time he remains on medical
leave issued by IMH. There is a potential risk of harm to himself, his
clients, and the legal system should he practice while he remains
psychiatrically unwell.

[emphasis added]

28 As for the outpatient forensic assessment by Dr Lim, Mr Ravi had brought Dr
Lim’s attention to the incidents (see [5]–[21] above) which form the subject
matter of these applications and sought her opinion whether his bipolar
disorder contributed to and/or caused these incidents. The relevant portions
of Dr Lim’s Report state:

Defendant’s Account of Alleged Offences 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

R’s Affidavit SUM 670 at pp 25 and 26; R’s Affidavit SUM 669 at pp 21 and 22.

Charge: HC/OS21/2022- Contempt in court and Inquiry Committee 007/2022 for
conduct of behavior.

…

21 He went to court thinking that he could discharge himself from another case
the next day hence told the judge he would be available on the dates that were
asked of him.

22 As the court proceedings went on, he felt that the judge was rude towards
him. Usually he would be able to hold back but due to his irritability and
frustrations that had been ongoing for a few weeks, together with all his
thoughts about different cases, it intensified his frustrations and
irritability. Therefore, he told the judge that he was bias against him for
not listening to him and interrupted him as well.

…

Charge: HC/OS22/2022 – Contempt in court

…

24 As the court went on with the lack of clarity on his thoughts and it moving
from one thought to another he reported that he could not process information
well. He also felt that the judge was rude and dismissive towards him and
became angry. Usually, he would be able to hold back but due to his thoughts
racing, it made him feel more irritated and frustrated, leading him to saying
that she was biased, accusing her of breaching privileged communication when
speaking to his client.

25 He recalled that his client Mr Chua had spoken to him to inform him that he
wished to withdraw the case. However, from his understanding, in order to
withdraw he would need to speak with the other bus drivers to check with them
about their decisions about withdrawing. He told Mr Chua about this and he
reported that Mr Chua said that he would think about it. However, at this
point he decided to just file that Mr Chua would continue because their
discussion about it was vague at that point in time.

…

Opinion 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

R’s Affidavit SUM 670 at pp 27 and 28; R’s Affidavit SUM 669 at pp 23 and 24.

33 I am of the opinion that:

a) He has a Bipolar Disorder and was in relapse at the time of the alleged
offences.

b) During the timeframe (November 2021 onwards) where the alleged offence was
committed, he experienced hypomanic symptoms as reported by himself and family
members. These symptoms continued to be present and were also observed by his
Doctor (Dr. Derrick Yeo) in the IMH Outpatient clinic on 2nd December 2021
where he was assessed to be in relapse of his Bipolar Disorder with prominent
hypomanic symptoms.

Therefore, there is a contributory link to the alleged charges as he was in
relapse of his bipolar disorder, displaying flight of ideas, pressured speech
and irritability during this time frame which contributed to his demeanour in
court leading to contempt of court and conduct issues in his behaviour.

c) He was not of unsound mind at the material time of alleged offences.

d) He is currently fit to plead in a court.

e) He should continue treatment and follow up for his Bipolar Disorder.

[emphasis added]

29 During the hearing, Mr Ravi further explained that he was under tremendous
stress at the material time as he was representing 26 death row inmates, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

10 October Transcript for SUM 669 and 670, at p 59, lines 21 to 26.

and he was facing a number of legal proceedings, investigations, and
disciplinary complaints. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

10 October Transcript for SUM 669 and 670, at p 21, line 26 to p 22, line 19.

Mr Ravi also argued that he was a vulnerable person by virtue of his bipolar
disorder, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

10 October Transcript for SUM 669 and 670, at p 57, lines 15 to 17.

and urged the court to take cognisance of the rights accorded to persons with
disabilities under the UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with
Disabilities (the “Convention”). 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

10 October Transcript for SUM 669 and 670, at p 57, lines 24 to 31.

According to Mr Ravi, bipolar disorder is a recognised condition under the
Convention. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

10 October Transcript for SUM 669 and 670, at p 57, lines 30 to 31.

However, to be clear, Mr Ravi is not seeking to enforce any rights under the
Convention. The gist of Mr Ravi’s case is that the court ought to have empathy
and sympathy when adjudging persons suffering from mental disorders such as
himself. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

10 October Transcript for SUM 669 and 670, at p 60, lines 4 to 11.

30 In respect of SUM 670, the Respondent’s written submissions state that Mr
Ravi does not challenge the second allegation of scandalising the court by
accusing DJ Chay of being biased (see [23(b)] above). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

RS at para 3.

In relation to the first allegation (see [23(a)] above), Mr Ravi argues that
he did not provide false information to DJ Chay because he was not
representing Mr Li in SC 904120 when he informed DJ Chay of his availability
for the trial of SC 904600 on 9 to 11 November 2021. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

RS at para 11.

In relation to the third, fourth and fifth allegations (see [23(c)]–[23(e)]
above), in general, he denies them. In particular, Mr Ravi disputes that he
had the requisite mens rea. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

RS at paras 17 to 22.

Further, at the hearing, Mr Ravi submitted that his remarks constituted fair
criticism. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

10 October Transcript for SUM 669 and 670, at p 69, lines 1 to 6.

31 For SUM 669, in the Respondent’s written submissions, it is stated that Mr
Ravi does not contest the sixth and eighth allegations (see [24(a)] and
[24(c)] above). 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

RS at para 3.

As for the other grounds, Mr Ravi disputes that he had the requisite mens rea.
He denies that he acted with intention, or that he knew or ought to have known
that the acts posed a real risk of obstructing the administration of justice.
For the tenth allegation (see [24(e)] above), Mr Ravi does not dispute that he
instructed Mr Arun to send the 24 November Email. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

R’s Affidavit SUM 669 at para 32.

However, he denies that he acted without Mr Chua’s instructions, and claims
that he did not intend to convey any information in the 24 November Email that
was against Mr Chua’s instructions. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

RS at paras 55 to 56.

At the hearing, Mr Ravi further argued that the AG had “breached privileged
communication” by interviewing Mr Arun without first informing him. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

10 October Transcript for SUM 669 and 670, at p 56, lines 11 to 14.

The applicable law

32 As set out above, both applications concern ss 3(1)(a), 3(1)(d) and 3(1)(e)
of the AJPA which state:

3.—(1) Any person who —

(a) scandalises the court by intentionally publishing any matter or doing any
act that —

(i) imputes improper motives to or impugns the integrity, propriety or
impartiality of any court; and

(ii) poses a risk that public confidence in the administration of justice
would be undermined;

…

(d) intentionally offers any insult or causes any interruption or obstruction
to any judge of any court, while the judge is sitting in any stage of a court
proceeding; or

(e) intentionally does any other act that interferes with, obstructs or poses
a real risk of interference with or obstruction of the administration of
justice in any other manner, if the person knows or ought to have known that
the act would interfere with, obstruct or pose a real risk of interference
with or obstruction of the administration of justice,

commits a contempt of court.

33 Before I set out the constituent elements of contempt for s 3(1)(a), s
3(1)(d) and s 3(1)(e), it is worth stating that it falls on the AG to prove
all the elements for each alleged instance of contempt beyond reasonable doubt
(see s 28 of the AJPA). I should add that s 8(3) of the AJPA also provides
that “the common law rules on contempt of court continue in force except so
far as they are inconsistent with the provisions of [the AJPA]”. The relevant
cases shall be discussed in due course.

Section 3(1)(a) of the AJPA

34 To constitute scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA, the actus
reus is the publication of any material or commission of any act that (a)
imputes improper motives to or impugns the integrity, propriety or
impartiality of any court; and (b) poses a risk that public confidence in the
administration of justice would be undermined.

35 The “risk” test is a departure from the previous common law test of “real
risk” articulated by the Court of Appeal in Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General
[2011] 3 SLR 778 (“Shadrake”). This was “part of a considered policy choice to
come out strongly in favour of upholding and protecting the integrity and
standing of the Judiciary,” namely, it intended to pre-empt hair-splitting or
fine distinctions as to the level of risk that had to be established in order
to satisfy the test (Wham Kwok Han Jolovan v Attorney-General and other
appeals [2020] 1 SLR 804 (“Jolovan Wham (CA)”) at [36]). In the “risk”
inquiry, the court is simply guided by the central question: “Is the risk one
that the reasonable person coming across the contemptuous statement would
think needs guarding against so as to avoid undermining public confidence in
the administration of justice?” (Jolovan Wham (CA) at [38]). In answering this
question, both the content and context of the alleged contemptuous statement
may be relevant (Jolovan Wham (CA) at [38]).

36 As for the mens rea, the contemnor must have intentionally published such
material or committed such act. By s 3(2) of the AJPA, it is not necessary for
the contemnor to have intended to scandalise the court. This is consistent
with the common law position where there is no need for the contemnor to
intend to undermine public confidence in the administration of justice (Au Wai
Pang v Attorney-General [2016] 1 SLR 992 at [24]–[31]).

37 I should add that by Explanation 1 to s 3(1) of the AJPA, “[f]air criticism
of a court is not contempt by scandalising the court” within the meaning of s
3(1)(a) of the AJPA. To constitute fair criticism, the statement must (a) have
some objective or rational basis; (b) be made in good faith and be respectful;
and (c) generally be expressed in a temperate and dispassionate manner
(Jolovan Wham (CA) at [41] and Attorney-General v Tan Liang Joo John and
others [2009] 2 SLR(R) 1132 at [15]–[23]). Before the enactment of the AJPA,
the Court of Appeal preferred the view that under the common law, the concept
of fair criticism related to liability as opposed to being a separate defence
to contempt (Shadrake at [80]). This view has since been encapsulated in the
AJPA. Therefore, the legal burden would fall on the AG to prove that the
impugned statement does not constitute fair criticism (Jolovan Wham (CA) at
[19]).

Section 3(1)(d) of the AJPA

38 Turning to contempt under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA, the actus reus is the act
of either insulting the judge or causing any interruption or obstruction to
the judge while the judge is sitting in court proceedings. This limb concerns
acts of contempt in the face of the court ie, ex facie contempt, which
disrupts the court process itself.

39 The mens rea is the intention to offer such insult or cause such
interruption or obstruction. Further, s 3(6) of the AJPA provides that the
contemnor is liable if he “knows or ought to have known that the act would
prejudice or interfere with or obstruct or pose a real risk of prejudice to or
interference with or obstruction of the course of the court proceeding
[emphasis added].” Compared to scandalising contempt under s 3(1)(a), there is
an additional mens rea requirement as to the effect of the act on the court
proceeding.

Section 3(1)(e) of the AJPA

40 Moving on, s 3(1)(e) is a broad sweeping provision under the AJPA. The
actus reus of contempt pursuant to s 3(1)(e) is the commission of “any other
act” that interferes with or obstructs the administration of justice or poses
a real risk of the same. The mens rea element of s 3(1)(e) is the intention to
commit such an act.

41 Within s 3(1)(e), a form of the “real risk” test at common law is retained.
As alluded to at [35] above, at common law, an act of scandalising contempt
must “pose a real risk of undermining public confidence in the administration
of justice [emphasis added]” (Shadrake at [25]). Section 3(1)(e), however,
requires the act to “pose a real risk of interference with or obstruction of
the administration of justice [emphasis added]”. This is, in my view, a slight
legislative reformulation of the “real risk” test. Notwithstanding the
difference, guidance as to the assessment of what constitutes a “real risk”
remains instructive. As the Court of Appeal noted, the court must avoid either
extreme on the legal spectrum, viz, of either finding that contempt has been
established where there is only a remote or fanciful possibility that public
confidence in the administration of justice is (or might be) undermined or
finding that contempt has been established only in the most serious situations
(as embodied in the “clear and present danger” test). In undertaking such an
analysis, the court must not substitute its own subjective view for that of
the average reasonable person, as the inquiry must necessarily be an objective
one (Shadrake at [36]). I adopt and adapt these guidelines in the inquiry
within s 3(1)(e) on the question of the real risk of interference with or
obstruction of the administration of justice.

42 Similar to s 3(1)(d), s 3(6) of the AJPA applies (see [38] above). Thus,
there is a requirement for actual or constructive knowledge on the part of the
contemnor that the act would prejudice or interfere with or obstruct or pose a
real risk of prejudice to or interference with or obstruction of the course of
the court proceeding. With these legal principles in mind, I deal with each of
the 10 allegations made against Mr Ravi.

HC/SUM 670/2022

First allegation: Intentionally providing false information on his
availability to DJ Chay

43 In respect of the first allegation made under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA (see
[23(a)] above), the AG has to show that:

(a) Mr Ravi provided false information to DJ Chay concerning his availability
for trial for SC 904600 for 9 to 11 November 2021, and that this posed a real
risk of obstructing the administration of justice; and

(b) Mr Ravi did the act intentionally, and knew or ought to have known that
his doing so posed a real risk of obstructing the administration of justice.

44 In relation to the actus reus, the AG submits that when Mr Ravi informed DJ
Chay that he was available for trial from 9 to 11 November 2021, he was
already representing Mr Li for trial in SC 901420 on 8 to 10 November 2021.
Therefore, Mr Ravi furnished false information to DJ Chay. This resulted in
the “double-fixing” of trial dates which, the AG argues, posed a real risk of
undermining public confidence in the administration of justice. In relation to
the mens rea, the AG argues that Mr Ravi must have been aware of his
involvement in SC 901420 when he was addressing DJ Chay about his availability
on 8 November 2021. Specifically, Mr Ravi was fixed to appear before PDJ Toh
in SC 901420 (which had been fixed for trial on 8 to 10 November 2021)
immediately after his hearing with DJ Chay. Furthermore, even during the
hearing of SC 904600 on 8 November 2021, Mr Ravi mentioned to DJ Chay that
“I’m in another Court right now … I actually have a 9:30 matter” 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 18, lines 18 to 19 (8 November 2021 Transcript of SC
904600).

and that “I have hearing today”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 23, line 31 (8 November 2021 Transcript of SC 904600).

The AG therefore states that the mens rea is established. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Applicant’s Submissions for SUM 670 (“AS SUM 670”) at paras 14 and 15.

Mr Ravi contests both the actus reus and mens rea elements of s 3(1)(e). He
argues that he did not present false information to DJ Chay because he was not
representing Mr Li at the material time when he informed DJ Chay about his
availability for trial. He further contends that even if he did provide
inaccurate information about his availability, he did not do so intentionally,
and he did not know that there would be a real risk of undermining public
confidence in the administration of justice. His conduct is attributable to
his bipolar disorder.

45 In my view, the first allegation is not made out beyond reasonable doubt by
the AG. These are my reasons.

46 While it cannot be disputed that on 8 November 2021, Mr Ravi informed DJ
Chay that he was available for the trial of SC 904600 from 9 to 11 November
2021, I have some reservations whether at that point in time, he was engaged
to represent Mr Li for the trial of SC 901420. Therefore, the falsity of such
information is not established.

47 According to Mr Ravi, he had filed a separate judicial review application
to the High Court in respect of SC 901420. His sole purpose in appearing
before PDJ Toh on 8 November 2021 was to seek an adjournment of the
proceedings so that the judicial review application he had filed could take
place first. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

RS at para 11. R’s Affidavit SUM 670 at para 14.

However, he was concerned that the High Court would not be seized of
jurisdiction for his judicial review application, which led him to “suddenly”
and “impulsively” apply to PDJ Toh to state a case to the High Court under s
395 of the CPC. In this connection, when PDJ Toh asked him again whether he
was representing Mr Li for the trial, it caused him to answer PDJ Toh in the
affirmative. This occurred “spontaneously” as he was “strongly driven by [his]
bipolar disorder”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

RS at para 12. R’s Affidavit SUM 670 at paras 15 to 17.

48 Broadly, Mr Ravi’s explanation is borne out by the transcript for the
hearing for 8 November 2021. When the Deputy Public Prosecutor, Ms Stacey
Fernandez (“Ms Fernandez”), first introduced the parties for the hearing, she
stated that Mr Li was appearing in person and that Mr Ravi was representing Mr
Li in a “separate proceeding” as follows: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 30, lines 17 to 25 (8 November 2021 Transcript of SC
904600).

Ms Fernandez: For the accused persons, your Honour, on the record, Mr Li Dan
appears in person.

Court: Where is he, sorry? Where is Mr Li Dan? Yes, okay.

Ms Fernandez: Mr M. Ravi is here today. He represents Mr Li Dan in a separate
proceeding, and I believe he will make known what that proceeding is, your
Honour.

COURT: Okay.

[emphasis added]

49 Thereafter, PDJ Toh noted that Mr Ravi had previously written to the court
to indicate that he was not representing Mr Li for the criminal trial. When
PDJ Toh sought to confirm with Mr Ravi that he was not representing Mr Li for
the trial, Mr Ravi’s response was along the line that his purpose for
appearing was to inform the court that he had filed a judicial review
application. The relevant exchange is as follows: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 32, line 11 to p 33, line 2 (8 November 2021 Transcript of
SC 904600).

Court: Actually, based on the correspondence, I understand you're not
representing Mr Li Dan for this trial. Right?

Mr Ravi: Your Honour, I am representing in relation to t– -- may I address the
court?

Court: Yes, of course.

Mr Ravi: First of all, your Honour, I have informed the court that there is a
judicial review proceedings that's been filed, and so, first of all, the court
-- the update, your Honour, as of now, the eLit, the High Court, strangely,
has not approved the application. Usually when I file an application, it gets
somewhat approved within one or two days, so I find it strange that’s not been
done.

[emphasis added]

50 However, there was an unexpected change in position by Mr Ravi, as shown in
the further exchange: 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 34, line 20 to p 36, line 6 (8 November 2021 Transcript of
SC 904600).

Mr Ravi: … I’m asking for your Honour to state the case to the High Court
under section 395 for the materials that are in this judicial review
application, and then if your Honour refuses to, then your Honour knows the
procedure anyway…

…

Mr Ravi: Basically, your Honour, section 395, I just say that the High Court
is not [seized] to the jurisdiction because no sealed copy has been given,
nothing has been given. I find it somewhat strange, but I will pursue that
with the Registrar of the Supreme Court separately ... Secondly, the thing is
that I have a right to file a criminal motion. I decide for my client what is
best for them, in the circumstances that his right to fair trial is already
being prejudiced because of the late service of documents by the prosecution
this morning which is a breach of fair trial under article 9(1). I would also
state—

Court: Sorry. Are you representing him for this criminal trial?

Mr Ravi: Yes, I’m representing him.

Court: Because in the correspondence, you said you were not.

Mr Ravi: No, no. This morning, I have confirmed with him.

Court: I see. Okay.

Mr Ravi: So, therefore, am I on record now, your Honour?

Court: I guess so, yea.

[emphasis added]

51 I appreciate that the change in position in his exchange with PDJ Toh was
abrupt. That said, I am unable to accept Mr Ravi’s explanation that he only
came to act for Mr Li “spontaneously” during the hearing itself because of his
bipolar disorder, for the following two reasons.

52 First, in the very same exchange (see [50] above), Mr Ravi stated that
sometime in the morning of 8 November 2021, he “confirmed with [Mr Li]” that
he would represent Mr Li for the trial. By this, it appears that at the
latest, before the hearing commenced before PDJ Toh, there would have been
some discussion of the situation Mr Ravi found himself in, and some
understanding that Mr Ravi would act for Mr Li for the trial. Unfortunately,
in these proceedings, Mr Ravi does not provide any further details on the
discussion with Mr Li that morning.

53 Second, in oral submissions before me, Mr Ravi stated that, in light of the
situation he was facing, “[he] appointed [himself] … ‘appointed [himself]’
meaning with the consent of [his] client, to continue with the proceedings as
such [emphasis added]”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

10 October 2022 Transcript for OS 21/2022 (SUM 670/2022) and OS 22/2022 (SUM
669/2022), p 65, lines 13 to 18.

This also suggests that there was a discussion with Mr Li regarding Mr Ravi’s
representation of the latter prior to the commencement of the hearing before
PDJ Toh.

54 For present purposes, it is not necessary for me to determine exactly what
the understanding was with Mr Li concerning representation for the trial in SC
901420. In my view, there remains a reasonable doubt that Mr Ravi had been
engaged by Mr Li for the trial when he appeared before DJ Chay. Based on the
analysis above, at the highest, it seems to me that the understanding was
reached with Mr Li prior to the hearing before PDJ Toh. The pertinent
question, however, is whether this happened prior to the hearing before DJ
Chay. In my view, there is a distinct possibility, which is not fanciful, that
the discussion with Mr Li took place after the appearance before DJ Chay. From
[6]–[7] above, there was a window of about 25 minutes between the two hearings
that further instructions could have been obtained by Mr Ravi from Mr Li. I
reiterate that based on the correspondence to the court prior to that morning,
Mr Ravi was not supposed to be acting for Mr Li at the trial. Given these
facts and circumstances, I am inclined to give Mr Ravi the benefit of doubt on
this point.

55 The AG argues that Mr Ravi’s defence is contradicted by his version of the
events given to Dr Lim. At paragraph 21 of Dr Lim’s Report which is set out
above at [28], it was recorded that Mr Ravi “went to court thinking that he
could discharge himself from another case the next day hence told the judge he
would be available on the dates that were asked of him” [emphasis added]. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

R’s Affidavit SUM 670 at p 26, para 21 (Dr Lim’s Report).

The AG argues that the fact that Mr Ravi was thinking of discharging himself
from SC 904120 suggests that he was acting for Mr Li at the time he appeared
before DJ Chay. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AS SUM 670 at para 20.

This version contradicted the defence, and demonstrate that his defence is a
mere afterthought.

56 Although paragraph 21 of Dr Lim’s Report falls under the header
“Defendant’s Account of Alleged Offences”, the relevant portion of Dr Lim’s
Report does not appear to be a verbatim record of what was said by Mr Ravi. As
pointed out by Mr Ravi, this portion could well have been rephrased or
summarised by Dr Lim. Furthermore, I note Mr Ravi’s submission that even if he
used the words, he was not talking “technically [about] the discharge for the
trial as such”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

10 October 2022 Transcript for OS 21/2022 (SUM 670/2022) and OS 22/2022 (SUM
669/2022), p 67, lines 11 to 19.

Rather, he says that he had meant “discharge” in the sense of informing PDJ
Toh that he was not involved in representing Mr Li for the trial of SC 901420.
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

10 October 2022 Transcript for OS 21/2022 (SUM 670/2022) and OS 22/2022 (SUM
669/2022), p 66, lines 25 to 28.

I thus do not think it is sufficient to rely on the words “discharge himself
from another case” to infer that at the material time when Mr Ravi appeared
before DJ Chay, he had instructions to act for Mr Li for the trial. Although
the version in Dr Lim’s Report, ie, that Mr Ravi wanted to seek a discharge,
conflicts with the defence proffered that he wanted to “seek an adjournment of
the [SC 901420] trial” on the basis of the judicial review application, it is
the latter which is actually somewhat supported by the relevant extracts of
the transcript. Thus, I am unable to accept the AG’s submission, that on the
ground that the defence conflicts with the version in Dr Lim’s Report, the
defence is to be rejected as an afterthought.

57 Moreover, even taking Dr Lim’s Report at face value, the fact that Mr Ravi
was thinking that he could discharge himself from SC 901420 suggests that Mr
Ravi wanted to avoid any clash of trial dates by making some arrangement as
regards SC 901420. This casts doubt on the mens rea element of s 3(1)(e), ie,
whether Mr Ravi intentionally provided false information to DJ Chay on his
availability for the trial of SC 904600. Consequently, I am of the view that
even if Mr Ravi had incorrectly represented his availability to DJ Chay, there
is insufficient evidence to show that this was intentional or that he did so
with the knowledge that his act would pose a real risk of obstructing the
administration of justice.

58 Undoubtedly, the “double-fixing” of trial dates was attributable to Mr
Ravi’s mismanagement of his schedule, and he should have made suitable
arrangements for both trials. In particular, he should have kept Mr Magendran
informed of the situation after confirming to PDJ Toh that he would act for Mr
Li. As it transpired, Mr Magendran did not know that Mr Ravi would not turn up
on time on 9 November 2021. Eventually, Mr Magendran had to act in person. It
may also well be that Mr Ravi was not perfectly candid at the hearing before
PDJ Toh on 8 November 2021 with regard to the arrangements with Mr Li. Be that
as it may, while Mr Ravi’s overall conduct was blameworthy, I do not find him
liable for the first allegation of contempt under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA.

Second allegation: Accusing DJ Chay of being “biased”

59 Turning to the second allegation under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA (see [23(b)]
above), the AG has to show that:

(a) Mr Ravi, by accusing DJ Chay of bias, impugned the impartiality of the
court and posed a risk that public confidence in the administration of justice
would be undermined;

(b) Mr Ravi intentionally levelled the accusation at DJ Chay; and

(c) Mr Ravi’s accusation does not constitute fair criticism.

60 The AG argues that Mr Ravi’s unfounded allegation in open court on 9
November 2021 that DJ Chay was “biased” against him amounted to an act of
contempt of court under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA. In my view, this ground is made
out.

61 In relation to actus reus, it is undisputed that after an exchange with DJ
Chay concerning why Mr Ravi was “double fixed at 2 trials”, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

RK’s Affidavit, p 118, lines 14 to 15 (9 November 2021 Transcript of SC
904600).

Mr Ravi said in open court that DJ Chay should discharge himself because DJ
Chay was biased against him. I set out the exchange as captured in the
transcript as follows: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

RK’s Affidavit, p 120, lines 7 to 15 (9 November 2021 Transcript of SC
904600).

Mr Ravi: I am asking that you discharge because you are biased towards me, and
you are biased under Section---even Justice Woo Bih Li disqualified because
you're giving an appearance of biasness. Under article 90---9(3), there's a
right of fair trial breached, it's all on record. I'm applying that you
discharge yourself. If you don't discharge, I'm taking out an application in
the High Court against your decision not to discharge by way of criminal
motion. I've made that application already, you rule on it.

Court: I am not discharging myself.

Mr Ravi: Okay. You are not re---I'm making an application under Section 395.
At any stage of the proceedings, my client has been briefed. You can take me
---take from me that I have advised my client on this matter.

[emphasis added]

62 In my view, Mr Ravi’s unwarranted allegations of bias towards DJ Chay
directly impugned the impartiality of the court. This falls squarely within
the ambit of s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA. As observed by the Court of Appeal, “[a]n
assertion that a Judiciary would decide matters otherwise than in accordance
with the merits is self-evidently among the most serious attacks that one can
make against courts and the administration of justice” and “goes to the very
heart and essence of the judicial mission” (Jolovan Wham (CA) at [33]).

63 Furthermore, Mr Ravi’s allegations of bias were levelled against DJ Chay in
open court and in the presence of Mr Magendran. I agree with the AG that Mr
Ravi, by making references to “article 9(3)”, “section 395 of the CPC”, and
“Justice Woo Bih Li”, was attempting to conjure up a false sheen of
legitimacy, which although incoherent, would have caused a reasonable layman
observing the proceeding to form the view that there were some legitimate
bases for his accusations. This, in my view, posed a risk that public
confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined.

64 Mr Ravi’s defence is that he was suffering from bipolar disorder which
contributed to his actions. He relies on Dr Yeo’s Report and Dr Lim’s Report,
the material parts of which are set out above at [27] and [28] above.
Specifically, Mr Ravi relies on paragraph 22 of Dr Lim’s Report, which states
that: “Usually [Mr Ravi] would be able to hold back but due to his
irritability and frustrations that had been ongoing for a few weeks, together
with all his thoughts about different cases, it intensified his frustrations
and irritability. Therefore, he told the judge that he was bias against him
for not listening to him and interrupted him as well.”

65 I am of the view that Mr Ravi’s bipolar disorder does not exculpate him
from liability. Like paragraph 21, paragraph 22 of Dr Lim’s Report falls under
the header “Defendant’s Account of Alleged Offences”, making it clear that the
paragraph was Mr Ravi’s account of events to Dr Lim. The contents do not
constitute Dr Lim’s professional assessment. Nowhere in Dr Yeo’s Report or Dr
Lim’s Report is it stated that Mr Ravi made these statements in court (see
[61] above) involuntarily, or that his bipolar disorder negated his intention
in making these statements. While Mr Ravi might have experienced symptoms such
as “flight of ideas”, “pressured speech” and “irritability”, individually or
collectively, these did not mean that he was incapable of forming the
necessary intention to make these statements. On the contrary, it is
noteworthy that Dr Lim opined, in his professional capacity, that the bipolar
disorder was but a “contributory link” to the conduct, and that Mr Ravi was
“not of unsound mind” at the material time of the incident (ie, 9 November
2021).

66 Indeed, I note that after the exchange set out at [61] above, the
allegation of bias was repeated a short time later when Mr Ravi sought to take
up an application under s 395 of the CPC. This is set out below: 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

RK’s Affidavit, p 124, line 9 to p 125, line 7 (9 November 2021 Transcript of
SC 904600).

Mr Ravi: Sure, sure. No problem. Your Honour, you are entitled to your views,
and I deeply respect your position as a law---as a---as a Judge and I have the
second wheel to save a miscarriage of justice, and we travel along as a ju---
legal and judicial officer. On that note, Your Honour, I am making an
application under Section 395 that you are in breach of Article 9-1, 9-3---93
which is Supreme Court takes precedence over you, the Court of Appeal. You can
be removed but at will by the State but not the Judges in the High Court.

Court: You---you are just spouting a bunch of nonsense.

Mr Ravi: Non---it's not nonsense. Please may---may it be recorded that I'm
talking a bunch of nonsense?

Court: It's---everything is recorded.

Mr Ravi: Fantastic. I---you can tell but---

…

Court: hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. You have made an application to
adjourn this.

Mr Ravi: Yes.

Court: And I've---I've---I've dismissed it.

Mr Ravi: You are in breach of-

…

Mr Ravi: Article 9-3.

...

Mr Ravi: 93, there's a case stated, [inaudible] stated. I will explain to the
Court because this is a bunch of nonsense, you said. Therefore, I've
reinforced my application that you are biased. That's all, Your Honour.

[emphasis added]

In my view, these allegations of bias were made intentionally. The mens rea
is, therefore, established.

67 In his oral submissions, Mr Ravi raised the defence of fair criticism. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

10 October 2022 Transcript for OS 21/2022 (SUM 670/2022) and OS 22/2022 (SUM
669/2022), p 74, lines 16 to 19.

However, as I have stated (see [37] above), fair criticism is an element of s
3(1)(a) of the AJPA, with the burden falling on the AG to establish the
absence of fair criticism beyond a reasonable doubt. As pointed out by the AG,
Mr Ravi’s allegations of bias against DJ Chay was in response to DJ Chay
pointing out that he had been fixed for two trials that morning. There is
clearly no rational basis for Mr Ravi to attack DJ Chay’s impartiality.
Furthermore, Mr Ravi’s allegations cannot be said to be made in good faith or
expressed in a temperate and dispassionate manner. Therefore, I find that the
AG has shown that Mr Ravi’s words did not constitute fair criticism.

68 Consequently, I find that the AG has established this instance of contempt
under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA.

Third, fourth and fifth allegations: Repeatedly interrupting and insulting DJ
Chay

69 Next, I consider the AG’s third to fifth allegations (see [23(c)]–[23(e)]
above) that Mr Ravi acted in contempt of court by (a) interrupting DJ Chay
while DJ Chay was trying to speak to Mr Magendran on 9 November 2021; (b)
offering an insult to DJ Chay by stating that he could be “removed…at will by
the State” on 9 November 2021; and (c) offering an insult to DJ Chay by
stating that he was “in contempt of Court” and “[didn’t] have security of
tenure [and knew] what it means” on 10 November 2021. Since the AG grouped
these allegations together in its written submissions as matters under s
3(1)(d) of the AJPA, I will proceed to deal with them together.

70 To prove these allegations, it has to be shown that Mr Ravi offered the
insults and caused the interruption to DJ Chay while he was sitting in court
proceedings, that Mr Ravi intentionally did so, and that he knew or ought to
have known that doing so posed a real risk of prejudice to the course of the
court proceedings.

71 In relation to the third allegation, in my view, the actus reus is clearly
met on the facts. The transcript showed multiple instances in which Mr Ravi
interrupted DJ Chay. The relevant portions are reproduced below: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

RK’s Affidavit at pp 120-121 (9 November 2021 Transcript of SC 904600).

Court: Let---let me hear from your client, first.

Mr Ravi: Why do you want to hear from my client? For what?

Court: Let me---

Mr Ravi: I've---

Court: hear from—

Mr Ravi: you can't be—

Court: your client.

Mr Ravi: advising him—

Court: I'm not---

Mr Ravi: on the rights.

Court: advising him. I'm hearing from him.

Mr Ravi: Okay. Do you know that I've told you under Section--- I’m applying to
the Court, right?

Court: No, no. Let me speak ---

Mr Ravi: Okay.

Court: to your client.

Mr Ravi: Sure

Court: Let me speak to your client.

Mr Ravi: Sure, ---

Court: Please ---

Mr Ravi: sure, sure

Court: Mr Magendran, what--- this is your trial, alright. What--- what do you
want to do about this? Because I---I will go on with the trial. I mean if ---

Mr Ravi: You can leave it to your lawyer, that’s what the Judge is saying.

Court: but your---your---your---you know, if a lawyer is not able---

Mr Ravi: (speaking in a different language).

Court: to represent you---

Mr Ravi: (speaking in a different language).

Court: No. Let me just speak to your client.

Mr Ravi: Okay.

Court: Alright. Don’t---don’t interrupt.

Mr Ravi: He says he’s confused. Your Honour. He looks confused, your Honour.

Court: No. He hasn’t said anything yet.

Mr Ravi: He looks confused.

Court: Please---please sit down.

Mr Ravi: Okay. Thank you.

72 As seen from the above exchange, Mr Ravi repeatedly interrupted DJ Chay
when DJ Chay was trying to communicate with Mr Magendran. Despite several
reminders by DJ Chay that he wished to speak with and hear from Mr Magendran,
Mr Ravi continued to interrupt DJ Chay by speaking in a language other than
English, and then stated that Mr Magendran looked confused. In fact,
thereafter, Mr Magendran stated that he had “no option but to follow [his]
Defence Counsel’s advice” and applied for an adjournment of the matter. By
repeatedly interrupting DJ Chay before DJ Chay could even finish his
sentences, Mr Ravi’s conduct is neither respectful nor courteous to DJ Chay
and inevitably interrupted the proceeding within the meaning of s 3(1)(d) of
the AJPA.

73 Mr Ravi argues that he only made a limited number of interruptions before
“allowing” DJ Chay to speak to Mr Magendran. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

RS at para 22.

As a preliminary point, Mr Ravi is not in a position to “allow” DJ Chay to
speak to Mr Magendran. More importantly, even if there were only a limited
number of interruptions, it does not change the fact that Mr Ravi clearly
disrupted the course of proceedings. The assessment of whether there was an
interruption of the proceeding within the meaning of s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA is
a qualitative exercise, and not merely a quantitative one based on the number
of interruptions. At most, it seems to me that the number of interruptions may
be a factor to be considered at the sentencing stage.

74 Again, Mr Ravi relies on his bipolar disorder to challenge the mens rea
elements in s 3(1)(d) and s 3(6) of the AJPA, arguing that (a) he did not
intend to interrupt DJ Chay; and (b) he did not know or could not have known
that his interruptions would obstruct the course of the court proceedings. I
reject these submissions. As I have discussed at [65] above, the medical
reports do not suggest that Mr Ravi interrupted DJ Chay involuntarily, or that
he was unaware of the consequences of his conduct in the proceedings. Mr
Ravi’s sole purpose in interrupting DJ Chay was to prevent DJ Chay from
speaking to Mr Magendran, which, in my view, constitutes a clear intention to
interrupt the course of the court proceedings. By causing such interruptions
in open court in such a disrespectful manner, Mr Ravi would also have known
that his conduct would have lowered the dignity and decorum of court
proceedings, and be a real risk of prejudice to the conduct of the court
proceeding. Consequently, I find Mr Ravi liable under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA
for the third allegation of interrupting DJ Chay.

75 For completeness, I should add that Mr Ravi’s conduct is also unbefitting
of an advocate and solicitor. Rules 13(2) and 13(3) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules 2015 provide that a legal practitioner must
always be respectful of a court or tribunal and must always be courteous in
the conduct of a case. If it is necessary to confer privately with a client,
counsel should seek permission from the court and should not, in any case,
prevent the judge from communicating with the parties in the proceeding, much
less speak in a different language to interrupt the judge.

76 Turning to the fourth and fifth allegations, shortly after DJ Chay
explained to Mr Magendran that an adjournment would not be granted, Mr Ravi
alleged that DJ Chay had breached Mr Magendran’s constitutional right to
counsel and claimed that DJ Chay, unlike High Court Judges, could be “removed
… at will by the State”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 137, lines 9 to 18 (9 November 2021 Transcript of SC
904600).

On the next day, after DJ Chay rejected Mr Ravi’s application under s 395 of
the CPC, Mr Ravi alleged that DJ Chay was in contempt of court, that DJ Chay
did not have “security of tenure” and that he “knows what it means”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 148, line 20 to p 149, line 25 (10 November 2021
Transcript of SC 904600).

77 The ordinary meaning of “to insult” is to show arrogance or scorn by speech
or behaviour. Accordingly, “an insult” is defined as an act, or the action, of
insulting (see The Oxford English Dictionary (Oxford University Press, 1989)).
It seems clear that by stating that DJ Chay did not have the security of
tenure unlike Judges in the High Court, Mr Ravi was belittling DJ Chay and
undermining his status as a member of the Singapore judiciary. In my view,
these scornful comments are clearly insults made by Mr Ravi towards DJ Chay to
retaliate against DJ Chay for rejecting his applications. Such unwarranted
insults fall squarely within the ambit of s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA.

78 The context in which the comments were made also suggests to me that Mr
Ravi was directly challenging DJ Chay’s authority in open court. In
particular, on 10 November 2021, he also said that “if [DJ Chay] continues
with the trial, he’s in contempt of Court” and that “[a] crime against
humanity complaint will be also filed [against DJ Chay]”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

RK’s Affidavit at p 149, lines 16 to 25 (10 November 2021 Transcript of SC
904600).

Such unfounded allegations attacked the standing of DJ Chay, and when made in
open court, pose a real risk of prejudice to the course of the court
proceeding.

79 During the hearing before me, Mr Ravi submitted that these comments
constitute fair criticism. He says that there is a rational and factual basis
for stating that District Court Judges do not have security of tenure, citing
certain articles in support of his position. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

10 October 2022 Transcript for SUM 670 and SUM 669 at p 22, line 29 to p 23,
line 15.

80 I make two points in this regard. First, while not specifically argued
before me, I am of the view that fair criticism does not apply in relation to
acts falling within s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA.

81 It will be recalled that the only instance where the concept of fair
criticism is provided for in the APJA is in Explanation 1 to s 3 of the APJA,
which applies only in relation to scandalising contempt within s 3(1)(a). Fair
criticism is not provided for in relation to s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA. Neither is
the defence of fair criticism found in Part 4 of the AJPA, which sets out a
number of legal defences to contempt. The reason for this can be found in the
Explanatory Statement of the Administration of Justice (Protection) Bill (Bill
No 23/2016), the relevant portions of which are reproduced below:

… The Explanation 1 to clause 3(1) establishes that fair criticism does not
amount to scandalising the court. This is in accordance with the provisional
view of the Court of Appeal in Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General [2011] SGCA 26
that fair criticism goes towards liability for contempt of court. In
accordance with this approach, Part 4 does not provide for a separate defence
of fair criticism.

…

As explained above in relation to clause 3, this Bill confirms the Court of
Appeal’s view in Shadrake Alan v Attorney-General [2011] SGCA 26 that the
concept of “fair criticism” goes towards liability for contempt of court.
Accordingly, the defence of fair criticism is absent from Part 4.

82 From the above, it is clear that save for s 3(1)(a), Parliament did not
intend to provide for fair criticism either as an element towards liability
under any other limb of s 3(1) of the AJPA or as a defence to acts of contempt
generally. I should add that s 8(2) of the AJPA has repealed all defences at
common law to contempt of court not contained in the AJFA.

83 Second, and in any event, I am of the view that Mr Ravi’s comments would
not constitute fair criticism. Regardless of any factual basis for his
comments, there is no reason for Mr Ravi to make these comments during the
proceedings. These comments bore no relevance to Mr Ravi’s application for
adjournment or his application under s 395 of the CPC. Nor did they relate to
any possible point of law that may arise from the issues in SC 904600. Mr Ravi
also delivered those remarks in an offensive manner. These comments only
served to insult DJ Chay, as a means to protest DJ Chay’s rejection of his
applications. Consequently, I reject Mr Ravi’s arguments.

84 Next, Mr Ravi argues that he did not “intentionally” insult DJ Chay because
he genuinely thought that he had a basis for what he was saying due to his
bipolar disorder. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

RS at [33].

Mr Ravi also argues that due to his bipolar disorder, he did not know or could
not have known that his insults to DJ Chay would have posed a real risk of
prejudice to the course of the court proceeding. However, as I have found
above at [65], his condition did not render him incapable of forming the
necessary intention to make those insults. Neither did the condition prevent
him from being aware of the consequences of his conduct.

85 Mr Ravi is a senior practitioner at the bar. His offensive manner shows
that his insults were intentional. Given his experience, he ought to have
known that the offensive and disrespectful comments towards DJ Chay on 9
November 2021 and 10 November 2021 would tend to diminish DJ Chay’s standing
and undermine DJ Chay’s authority in the eyes of the public, and especially in
the eyes of Mr Magendran, and thus pose a real risk of prejudice to the course
of the court proceeding. Consequently, I find that the elements under ss
3(1)(d) and 3(6) of the AJPA are satisfied such that Mr Ravi is guilty of
contempt in relation to these allegations.

86 Given the above, I find Mr Ravi guilty of contempt under s 3(1)(d) of the
AJPA in relation to the third to fifth allegations.

HC/SUM 669/2022

Sixth allegation: Accusing Lim J of being “biased”

87 Moving to SUM 669, the AG’s sixth allegation is that Mr Ravi scandalised
the court on 22 November 2021 by accusing Lim J of being “biased” within the
meaning of s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA (see [24(a)] above).

88 In order for the AG to succeed on this ground, it must be shown that:

(a) Mr Ravi intentionally accused Lim J of being biased in favour of Mr Singh
on 22 November 2021;

(b) Mr Ravi’s accusations against Lim J impugned the impartiality of the court
and posed a risk that public confidence in the administration of justice would
be undermined; and

(c) Mr Ravi’s accusations do not constitute fair criticism.

89 Upon a review of the transcript, it clearly shows that when Lim J was
trying to provide directions for the cross-examination of Mr Chua, Mr Ravi
accused Lim J of being “biased” multiple times and asked her to discharge
herself from the case. The relevant portions are reproduced below: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 30, line 6 to p 32, line 9 (22 November 2021 Transcript
of S 699).

Court: …So one way of doing this is everybody leaves the room except Mr Chua
is in there but I want to maybe have another separate camera to make sure that
there is no one there, okay? That’s one way. The other way is you can have
your own counsel in there, plus Mr Singh’s counsel, and both of them sit
behind, okay? That’s my suggestion. You take one. Which one would you prefer?

…

Mr Ravi: Your Honour, your direction is wrong. Am I allowed to say that?

Court: Then you can appeal my direction if you wish to.

Mr Ravi: I am appealing now. I am filing a notice of appeal now.

Court: I am telling you no.

Mr Ravi: I am filing a notice of --

Court: So I am going to give you some orders --

Mr Ravi: Why are you shouting at me, Your Honour.

Court: Mr Ravi, I am going to switch you off if you don’t stop interrupting --

Mr Ravi: Please disqualify yourself.

Court: -- and being rude to the court.

Mr Ravi: I am applying to you to disqualify yourself because you are biased.

Court: I am rejecting your application.

Mr Ravi: I am applying yourself, to discharge yourself, you are biased because
you have asked Mr Singh’s lawyer to come to my client’s, my room, my office
and then he is snooping the documents and I am –

Court: Mr Ravi, please stop making allegations. I am not asking Mr Singh’s
lawyer --

Mr Ravi: I am not making allegations –

Court: Mr Ravi --

Mr Ravi: So you do not want to disqualify yourself, that is your problem. I am
appealing to the Chief to the Court of Appeal right now…

[emphasis added]

90 Further allegations of bias, including bias in favour of Mr Singh, were
made when Lim J sought to explain the situation to Mr Chua. The relevant
portion of the transcript is reproduced below: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 34, line 22 to p 35, line 9 (22 November 2021 Transcript
of S 699).

Court: Please place Mr Chua in the Zoom room.

Mr Ravi: Your Honour, may I speak to my client and explain to him?

Court: No, I am going to explain something to your client.

Mr Ravi: Because you cannot explain, you cannot give legal advice to him.

Court: I am not giving advice. I am just telling him what is happening in
court which he is entitled to know.

Mr Ravi: Your explanation may be biased.

Court: Susan, please put --

Mr Ravi: I don’t trust your explanation. I have already said that you are
biased. You are taking sides of Mr Singh and I am --

[emphasis added]

91 In my view, there can be no doubt that Mr Ravi’s allegations towards Lim J
fall squarely within the ambit of s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA. Lim J’s directions in
relation to the cross-examination of Mr Chua were common and sensible ones,
and furthermore did not favour one party over another (above at [89]). There
was absolutely no reason at all for Mr Ravi to levy the accusations of bias.
These allegations attack the impartiality of the court. As mentioned above,
the integrity and impartiality of the judiciary “goes to the very heart and
essence of the judicial mission” (Jolovan Wham (CA) at [33]). Such unwarranted
accusations of partiality and favouritism in open court undermine public
confidence in the administration of justice and constitute contempt of court
under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA.

92 In relation to mens rea, it is clear from the transcript that Mr Ravi’s
allegations of bias towards Lim J stemmed from his unhappiness with Lim J’s
directions as regards the cross-examination of Mr Chua. The allegations of
bias were made thrice during his exchange with Lim J and must evidently have
been intentional.

93 While Mr Ravi does not dispute this ground in the Respondent’s written
submissions, I note that he raises the fact that he was suffering from bipolar
disorder at the material time, which “contributed to [his] state of mind in
making the statements pertaining to bias” against Lim J. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Respondent’s affidavit, p 5 at [11].

In paragraph 24 of Dr Lim’s Report, she recorded that Mr Ravi reported “lack
of clarity on his thoughts”, and that he “could not process information well”.
He felt that Lim J was “rude and dismissive”. Unlike usual, he could not
control himself, and he felt “more irritated and frustrated, leading him to
saying that she was biased”. However, as discussed above at [65], nothing in
the Dr Lim’s Report suggested that Mr Ravi was unaware of his actions at the
material time, or that he was incapable of forming the necessary intention to
make those allegations against Lim J. Dr Yeo’s Report similarly made no such
findings.

94 For completeness, Mr Ravi’s allegations of bias towards Lim J do not
constitute fair criticism. There is no rational basis for Mr Ravi to impugn
Lim J’s impartiality merely because he disagreed with Lim J’s directions. The
allegations were also not made in good faith, nor in a dispassionate and
temperate manner (see [37] above). Consequently, I find Mr Ravi liable under s
3(1)(a) for contempt of court for his baseless allegations of bias towards Lim
J.

Seventh allegation: Repeatedly interrupting Lim J

95 The AG’s next ground is that Mr Ravi acted in contempt of court under s
3(1)(d) by repeatedly interrupting Lim J during the hearing on 22 November
2021 (see [24(b)] above). For Mr Ravi to be guilty of this allegation, it must
be shown that:

(a) Mr Ravi intentionally and repeatedly interrupted Lim J during the 22
November 2021 hearing; and

(b) Mr Ravi knew or ought reasonably to have known that his repeated
interruptions would pose a real risk of interference with the course of the
court proceeding on that day.

96 On the facts, the actus reus is clearly made out on the facts. The
transcript reflects multiple instances where Mr Ravi interrupted Lim J when
she was addressing him on the alternative arrangements for Mr Chua to give
evidence under cross-examination ie, the cross-examination arrangements. The
relevant portions are set out below: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 29, lines 7 to 21; p 31, line 20 to p 32, line 4 (22
November 2021 Transcript of S 699).

Court: Okay. Mr Ravi, so the point here is --

Mr Ravi: Your Honour, I will take up this particular process is completely
wrong because --

Court: No, Mr Ravi, Mr Ravi, let me finish.

Mr Ravi: Okay.

Court: Now, I normally allow someone to sit in to ensure that no one is
interfering with the proceedings. So one way to do this would be if you have a
separate camera, you set it up so that we can see the entire room in which Mr
Chua is sitting.

Mr Ravi: Mr Singh, Mr Singh’s lawyer --

Court: Mr Ravi, let me finish. Okay? Stop interrupting.

Mr Ravi: Will you please allow me to address after this, your Honour?

Court: Yes, let me finish first. Stop interrupting…

…

Mr Ravi: I am appealing now. I am filing a notice of appeal now.

Court: I am telling you no.

Mr Ravi: I am filing a notice of --

Court: So I am going to give you some orders --

Mr Ravi: Why are you shouting at me, Your Honour.

Court: Mr Ravi, I am going to switch you off if you don’t stop interrupting
\--

Mr Ravi: Please disqualify yourself.

Court: \-- and being rude to the court.

[emphasis added]

97 Even after Lim J expressly warned Mr Ravi to stop interrupting and being
rude to the court, Mr Ravi continued to interrupt Lim J whilst she was
directing the court interpreter to interpret the court proceedings to Mr Chua.
Some pertinent portions are set out follows: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 35, line 25 to p 39 line 18 (22 November 2021 Transcript
of S 699.)

Court: … I just asked you to interpret, okay, that you tell the client, okay,
tell Mr Chua, Mr Ravi says I am biased against him, Mr Chua and Mr Ravi.

Mr Ravi: Yes and I would like to speak to my client once again huh?

Court: I will give you a chance. Don’t worry, Mr Ravi.

Mr Ravi: Sure.

Court: Can you --

Mr Ravi: (unclear)

Court: Mr Ravi, stop interrupting. Let the interpreter interpret what I am
saying.

Mr Ravi: Yes. You also keep interrupting just now while I am speaking also. I
am equal before the law, your Honour. You are not above me. You are a judicial
officer. I am a legal officer so don’t --

Court: I am well aware that we are all human beings Mr Ravi.

Mr Ravi: Yes, proceed. Thank you.

Court: Are you done?

Mr Ravi: Done. So many times I have said done. Carry on.

Court: Okay, then please be quiet whilst I continue.

Mr Ravi: Don’t be rude.

Court: Please tell Mr Chua that Mr Ravi says I am biased against Mr Chua and
Mr Ravi, okay.

Mr Ravi: And Mr Ravi also says, Your Honour, please add, since we are --

(Unclear – simultaneous speakers)

Court: Ms Interpreter, just interpret what I said --

Mr Ravi: I will not participate in these proceedings any more and Mr Chua also
will not participate. We will --

Court: Okay. Fine. I will tell that to the interpreter.

Mr Ravi: May I be allowed to discharge and Mr Chua will be discharged as well?
Thank you.

Court: Madam Interpreter interpret my sentence first?

Mr Ravi: Let me tell you, Your Honour, both of us --

Court: Mr Ravi, stop talking.

Mr Ravi: Your Honour, we will discharge ourselves. I am applying to discharge
myself, your Honour.

Court: Okay, that is fine too.

Mr Ravi: Okay, may I be allowed to discharge myself and Mr Chua also will
discharge?

Court: Let me finish first with Ms Interpreter, Mr Ravi.

Mr Ravi: Sure. Sure. It is a wrong interpretation.

Court: Mr Ravi, stop talking for the time being until I am done. So Ms
Interpreter, just tell Mr Chua first of all Mr Ravi says I am biased against
Mr Ravi and Mr Chua. Okay?

Mr Ravi: Yes.

…

Court: Okay, so Ms Interpreter, can you explain that Mr Ravi wants his client
to stop the proceedings as well, is that right?

Mr Ravi: No, no, no, those are not my instructions. Please don’t misinterpret.
I am saying that Mr Chua should apply to the court to discharge himself
because he does not trust any other lawyers in accordance with his
instructions.

Court: Stop there, stop there, so the interpreter can interpret that first,
okay?

Mr Ravi: Sure, sure, sure. Both of us would discharge ourselves from now with
your leave. Mr --

[emphasis added]

98 As seen from the above exchanges, Mr Ravi’s interruptions were persistent.
Despite being reminded by Lim J to stop interrupting, Mr Ravi continued to
interrupt Lim J because he did not agree with Lim J’s directions. Mr Ravi
continued to interrupt Lim J when Lim J was clearly trying to direct the
interpreter to update Mr Chua on the state of the proceeding. Such repeated
interruptions clearly obstructed the course of the proceeding within the
meaning of s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA.

99 Mr Ravi disputes the mens rea element in s 3(1)(d) and s 3(6) of the AJPA.
Again, he argues that he interrupted impulsively as a result of his bipolar
disorder without any intention to do so. As he was suffering from symptoms of
his bipolar disorder, including disorganized chains of thoughts, flight of
ideas, and irritability, he did not know or could not reasonably have known
the impact he was having on the court proceedings. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

RS at para 45.

100 I dismiss Mr Ravi’s defence for the same reasons I have set out above in
[93]. The medical reports do not suggest, neither do they conclude, that Mr
Ravi’s bipolar disorder was so serious that he made those statements
involuntarily, or that he was unaware of the consequences of his
interruptions. Consequently, I find Mr Ravi liable of contempt under s 3(1)(d)
of the AJPA for repeatedly interrupting Lim J.

Eighth allegation: Alleging that Lim J’s directions were unlawful etc

101 Apart from accusing Lim J of bias, Mr Ravi raised a host of other
allegations about Lim J’s conduct of the proceedings, which the AG argues
constituted contempt of court under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA (see [24(c)] above).
To be liable for contempt for these accusations, the AG must prove that:

(a) Mr Ravi intentionally made such allegations against Lim J;

(b) Mr Ravi’s allegations impugned the impartiality of the court and posed a
risk that public confidence in the administration of justice would be
undermined; and

(c) Mr Ravi’s accusations do not constitute fair criticism.

102 As set out above (at [12]), after an adjournment at about 10.22am, the
proceedings resumed at 10.34am. At that point, Mr Singh informed Lim J that Mr
Ravi had told him “[D]on’t be a clown” three times during the discussion.
While Lim J was seeking clarification from Mr Ravi whether this had occurred,
Mr Ravi called Lim J “the interrogator” and stated that Lim J was “putting
words into [his] mouth”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 3 at para 5.

103 Interspersed with other exchanges, at a later juncture in the proceedings,
while Lim J was informing the Mr Ravi about the cross-examination
arrangements, Mr Ravi stated that Lim J’s directions or practice “completely
breaches privileged communication which is sacrosanct”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 30, lines 20 to 22 (22 November 2021 Transcript of S
699).

Later on, he also stated that the cross-examination arrangements were “against
the International Human Rights Law”, “unacceptable”, an “unlawful law”, the
“wrong law” and an “illegal law”. The relevant portions of the transcript are
set out below: 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 33, lines 1 to 17 (22 November 2021 Transcript of S
699).

Court: I have given you the opportunity to put another camera in the room to
show that there is nobody there.

Mr Ravi: Your practice is wrong. It is against the International Human Rights
Law. That is unacceptable. You can carry on. Whatever directions. But doesn’t
mean that I have to obey an unlawful law.

Court: So you do not wish to obey my law, right, my directions?

Mr Ravi: Your law is the wrong law. Nobody is – to obey illegal law.

Court: Sorry, I am not giving you a law, I am just giving you a direction.

Mr Ravi: You can pass a direction. It is an illegal law. I will be appealing.

Court: Okay. You file your notice of appeal right now.

Mr Ravi: No one is above the law, your Honour. No one is above the law.

[emphasis added]

104 It is worth stressing that Mr Ravi’s comments in the exchange above are
extremely inappropriate, unnecessary, and unbecoming of a legal practitioner.
Counsel may disagree with a judge’s directions. However, the proper recourse,
and the only acceptable way, is for counsel to state his or her objections
respectfully and courteously and if necessary, comply with the proper
procedure to file an appeal against the judge’s decision. Within the
courtroom, there is no room for rudeness or disrespectful behaviour regardless
of how fervent the counsel might be in the advocacy of his client’s case. The
manner in which Mr Ravi disagreed with Lim J’s directions, ie, accusing Lim J
of applying “wrongful law” and “illegal law”, was neither respectful nor
courteous and should not be condoned.

105 Further, I am of the view that Mr Ravi’s series of comments in the above
exchange amounted to an act of contempt under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA. I
appreciate that Mr Ravi’s comments stemmed from his disagreement with Lim J’s
directions. However, his accusations, framed in an inappropriate and
disrespectful manner, went beyond registering his objections to her
directions. Instead, they went towards impugning the propriety of the court. A
reasonable person listening to the remarks would understand them to mean that
Lim J’s conduct of the proceedings was highly unsatisfactory and even
fundamentally contrary to the law. Such allegations pose a risk that public
confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined.

106 Further, it seems to me clear that Mr Ravi intended to make these comments
as he persisted in making the allegations over the course of the proceedings.
In relation to his reliance on the bipolar disorder, I need not repeat what I
have said above (at [93]); it does not absolve Mr Ravi of liability for his
conduct. Given the nature of the comments and the context in which they arose,
these allegations do not amount to fair criticism. Therefore, I find that the
Mr Ravi is liable under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA.

Ninth and tenth allegations: Taking legal positions without the instructions
of client

107 The AG argues that Mr Ravi is guilty of contempt under s 3(1)(e) of the
AJPA for intentionally taking legal positions without Mr Chua’s instructions
during the hearing of S 699, including applying for Lim J and Mr Chua to be
discharged (see [24(d)] above), and for instructing Mr Arun to send the 24
November Email (see [24(e)] above). Since the AG has grouped these two
instances in its written submissions as offences under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA,
I proceed to deal with these allegations together. I repeat the elements under
s 3(1)(e) which the AG has to establish beyond a reasonable doubt:

(a) Mr Ravi committed acts which interfere with, obstruct or pose a real risk
of interference with or obstruction of the administration of justice;

(b) Mr Ravi acted intentionally; and

(c) Mr Ravi knew or ought reasonably to have known that the acts in question
would interfere with, obstruct or pose a real risk of interference with or
obstruction of the administration of justice.

108 Before I go to the allegations, I note the AG’s position that while there
are no reported cases dealing with this provision, an advocate and solicitor
who acts in court either without instructions or in a manner contrary to his
client’s instructions poses a real risk of obstructing the administration of
justice because this is tantamount to misleading the court.

109 I agree. Indeed, in our legal system, lawyers are trusted to be completely
truthful about their clients’ instructions because they are the main conduits
through which their clients could communicate with the court. A lawyer who
acts against, or without, his client’s instruction breaches the trust that his
client has reposed in him, posing a real risk of interfering with or
obstructing court proceedings, and undermining public trust in the
administration of justice. This was emphasised by the High Court in Loh Der
Ming Andrew v Law Society of Singapore [2018] 3 SLR 837 at [135]:

135 … A client’s positions and instructions for his lawyer are usually matters
exclusively within the knowledge of the client and the lawyer; no one else
would know or be able to verify these instructions, and all parties including
the court have to rely on the lawyer to communicate them. In the context, a
lawyer who is not truthful about his instructions poses a serious threat to
the profession and the public trust in the administration of justice.

110 I turn to the applications for Lim J to disqualify herself. As set out at
[89] above, Mr Ravi repeatedly applied for Lim J to disqualify herself on the
ground of bias. After Lim J rejected his application, he requested for time to
file a notice of appeal against the decision. Mr Ravi, however, argues that he
“never took this legal position within the instructions of Mr Chua”. He
pointed out that shortly after, he clarified that he was not applying for Lim
J to discharge herself. The relevant portions of the transcript are below: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 38, lines 1 to 3; WKLN’s Affidavit, at p 41, lines 5 to
9 (22 November 2021 Transcript of S 699).

Court: So Mr Ravi has said that he wants to discharge me, the judge, from
hearing this case.

Mr Ravi: No, I am discharging myself.

…

Court: Okay, sure. And do you still want to apply to recuse me because if you
want to do that, you must file an application as well.

Mr Ravi: No, your Honour. I don’t have faith in the system anymore.

Court: Okay. So please file an application to discharge yourself --

111 Mr Ravi further points out that thereafter, at 10.59am, he sought the
adjournment to confirm his instructions from Mr Chua. After the adjournment,
he again stated that he was not proceeding with such an application. Mr Ravi
also avers that his actions at the material time are justifiable as he was
acting in his client’s best interests “on the spot during proceedings” and
that he did eventually seek an adjournment to confirm his instructions from Mr
Chua. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

R’s Affidavit SUM 669 at para 20.

In sum, Mr Ravi submits that he did not act against Mr Chua’s instructions and
is not liable for contempt.

112 There is no merit to Mr Ravi’s position. Not only did Mr Ravi make the
application, he repeated it. He also persisted even after Lim J ruled against
the application. Then, he proceeded to indicate that he wished to file an
appeal against the ruling (see [89] above). Such conduct, in my view, is
clearly intentional and deliberate. An application for a judge to recuse or
disqualify herself is one that should not be lightly made. It should not be
made unless it is well founded. Rather than helping Mr Ravi’s case, the
subsequent swift change in position to abandon the application supports the
inference that Mr Ravi did not act with instructions from Mr Chua in the first
place. Indeed, after the adjournment to speak with Mr Chua, Mr Ravi confirmed
that he would not pursue the matter. In this case, acting without instructions
to apply to disqualify Lim J, and thereafter indicating an appeal would be
filed, did not merely pose a real risk of interference with the administration
of justice. It caused an actual disruption to the proceeding as Lim J had to
take time to deal with the matter.

113 Next, I turn to the application for Mr Chua to be “discharged from the
proceedings”. As Mr Chua is not counsel but a party in the action, it seems to
me that there is no basis for such an application, and it is erroneous. I
surmise that what Mr Ravi really means is for Mr Chua to apply for leave to
withdraw the proceedings or to discontinue the proceedings. Be that as it may,
for convenience, I shall refer to this as “Mr Chua’s discharge application”.

114 In relation to “Mr Chua’s discharge application”, it is unclear to me
whether Mr Ravi intentionally acted against Mr Chua’s instructions during the
hearing on 22 November 2021. Although Mr Lim Tean informed Lim J on 29
November 2021 that “Mr Chua’s discharge application” was made “totally without
his instructions”, Mr Chua has not filed an affidavit stating the same. The
transcript also suggests that there could have been some confusion on Mr
Chua’s part during the hearing. This is especially when Mr Chua appeared to
have no objections when Mr Ravi applied to Lim J to discharge himself and Mr
Chua from the proceedings. The relevant portion of the transcript is set out
below: 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at p 39 lines 7 to 19; p 40, lines 19 (22 November 2021
Transcript of S 699).

Court: Okay, so Ms Interpreter, can you explain that Mr Ravi wants his client
to stop the proceedings as well, is that right?

Mr Ravi: No, no, no, those are not my instructions. Please don't misinterpret.
I am saying that Mr Chua should apply to the court to discharge himself
because he does not trust any other lawyers in accordance with his
instructions.

Court: Stop there, stop there, so the interpreter can interpret that first,
okay?

Mr Ravi: Sure, sure, sure. Both of us would discharge ourselves from now with
your leave. Mr --

Court: Mr Ravi, keep quiet.

…

Interpreter: Your Honour, may I interpret now?

Court: Yes, you may.

[Interpretation to Mr Chua.]

Court: Okay, so Mr Ravi, would you like to discharge yourself now?

Mr Ravi: Yes, your Honour, and Mr Chua will also discharge. I would like to
understand whether he understands this or not. Can I speak to him for a few
minutes? I will speak to him, if I may?

Court: Sure, I will give you ten minutes

Mr Ravi: Okay, thank you. I can't hear Mr Chua What is he saying?

Mr Chua: Yes, I understand.

[emphasis added]

115 After the above exchange, Lim J allowed Mr Ravi the adjournment to speak
to Mr Chua. Mr Ravi affirmed in his affidavit that during the break, Mr Chua
had communicated that he was unhappy with the proceedings, which gave Mr Ravi
the impression that Mr Chua wished to “discharge” himself from the
proceedings. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

R’s Affidavit SUM 669 at p 10.

After the court resumed, Mr Ravi confirmed that he and Mr Chua would like to
apply to “discharge” themselves from S 699. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

WKLN’s Affidavit, p 41 at lines 1 to 4 (22 November 2021 Transcript of S 699).

Mr Chua, similarly, did not object to this application despite it being raised
several times after the break.

116 I am of the view that there could have been some confusion as to Mr Chua’s
position during the hearing on 22 November 2021. When Mr Ravi asked Mr Chua
whether he understood that Mr Chua would “discharge” himself from the
proceeding, Mr Chua replied that he understood (see [114] above). While it
appears that Mr Ravi did not provide adequate information on the consequences
of the course of action for Mr Chua to make an informed decision at that point
in time, that is a separate issue from whether Mr Ravi acted intentionally
against Mr Chua’s instructions in making “Mr Chua’s discharge application”
during the hearing on 22 November 2021. In the absence of any affidavit from
Mr Chua, I am prepared to give Mr Ravi the benefit of doubt on this aspect.

117 Consequently, in relation to the ninth allegation, I find that only the
instance of contempt in making the application for Lim J to disqualify herself
is made out. Insofar as the defence relying on the bipolar disorder is
concerned, once again, I find that the condition does not absolve Mr Ravi of
liability (see [93] above).

118 Turning to the tenth allegation, the AG argues that Mr Ravi had
intentionally acted against Mr Chua’s instructions by instructing Mr Arun to
send the 24 November Email. The AG argues that the 24 November Email created
the impression that Mr Chua intended to proceed to trial with Mr Ravi as
counsel, when Mr Chua’s instructions have been that he intended to engage new
counsel. I find that both the actus reus and mens rea of s 3(1)(e) are made
out for this allegation.

119 In Mr Chua’s Letter which was sent to the Registry after the conclusion of
proceedings, Mr Chua stated clearly and unequivocally that he intended to
continue with S 699 and wanted an adjournment of S 699 to engage new counsel.
87

##### Foot Note 87

×

WKLN’s Affidavit at pp 61 to 62.

Mr Ravi conceded that by 23 November 2021, he was aware of Mr Chua’s intention
to discharge him and engage a new lawyer. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

R’s Affidavit SUM 669, p 11, at [31].

Despite his knowledge, Mr Ravi instructed Mr Arun to send the 24 November
Email, the relevant portions of which state:

We refer to the directions from the honourable court dated 22 November 2021,
where we have been directed to file the application to disqualify her honour
(Justice Audrey Lim) by 12pm 23 November 2021.

Since then, we have reconsidered the position and we would like to proceed
with the trial. We will not be making any application to disqualify her
honour.

In the circumstances, to save the honourable court's precious time we would
like to proceed at 10am on 24th November 2021. However, given the lateness of
the notice we are ready to start the trial at any time tomorrow subject to
your honours' direction.

[emphasis added]

120 Despite Mr Ravi’s knowledge that Mr Chua intended to discharge him and
engage new counsel, the 24 November Email made no mention of the same.
Instead, a plain reading of the 24 November Email suggests the opposite — that
Mr Chua wanted Mr Ravi to continue to represent him in S 699 and wanted to
proceed with the trial on 24 November 2021.

121 Mr Ravi argues that the 24 November Email was ambiguous because it did not
expressly state that Mr Chua wished to be represented by Mr Ravi in the trial.
89

##### Foot Note 89

×

RS at para 60.

However, the statements “we would like to proceed with trial” and “we are
ready to start the trial at any time tomorrow subject to your honours’
direction” means that Mr Ravi would continue to represent Mr Chua for the
trial. More importantly, the representation that Mr Chua was ready to proceed
with trial at 10am on 24 November 2021, which was mere hours from the time the
e-mail was sent, directly contradicted Mr Chua’s intention to discharge Mr
Ravi and seek an adjournment to engage new counsel.

122 Mr Ravi also argues that he did not intend to create the false impression
that Mr Chua wished to proceed with trial immediately or that Mr Chua wished
to be represented by him in S 699. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

RS at para 61.

However, the circumstances of the case suggest otherwise. Mr Ravi was aware of
Mr Chua’s intention to discharge him and engage a new lawyer, but this
material fact was completely omitted in the 24 November Email. Moreover, Mr
Arun’s evidence is that when Mr Ravi instructed him to send the 24 November
Email, Mr Ravi specifically told him not to copy the e-mail to Mr Chua. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Arun’s Affidavit at para 5.

Mr Ravi has not offered any satisfactory explanation as to why Mr Chua should
not be apprised of the communications between his firm and the Registry. In
the circumstances, I am of the view that Mr Ravi acted intentionally in
causing Mr Arun to send the e-mail and in creating the impression that Mr Chua
wished to continue being represented by him in S 699. By deliberately making
representations against Mr Chua’s instructions, Mr Ravi breached the trust Mr
Chua reposed in him, and posed a real risk of interference with the
administration of justice. Indeed, the e-mail caused confusion on the part of
the court as to how it should proceed with the case, and the Registry had to
seek clarification from K K Cheng LLC on the matter (see [19] above).

123 Mr Ravi further argues that he did not know and could not reasonably have
known, at the time the 24 November Email was sent, that his actions would
interfere with, obstruct or prejudice the administration of justice or pose a
real risk of the same. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

RS at para 62.

He further argues that no prejudice would have occasioned since Mr Chua would
object to Mr Ravi acting as his solicitor at those proceedings and Mr Chua
could then apply to discharge him. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

RS at para 62.

124 I disagree. As I stated above, lawyers have to be trusted to truthfully
represent their clients’ instructions to the court. Despite knowing that Mr
Chua intended to adjourn the proceeding and engage new counsel, Mr Ravi
created a false impression that Mr Chua wished to proceed with trial
immediately and worse still, kept Mr Chua out of the loop by instructing Mr
Arun not to copy Mr Chua in the correspondence. Mr Ravi ought to have known
that by acting without Mr Chua’s instructions, he would have posed a real risk
of obstructing the administration of justice.

125 To the extent that Mr Ravi attributes the 24 November Email to his bipolar
disorder, I dismiss his defence for the same reasons set out in [93] above.
The medical reports do not suggest that Mr Ravi was suffering from relapse on
24 November 2021, nor do they suggest that Mr Ravi was unaware of his actions
and consequences.

126 For completeness, during the hearing before me, Mr Ravi argues that the AG
has breached legal professional privilege because they relied on
communications between Mr Ravi and his paralegal, Mr Arun, without first
informing him. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

10 October 2022 Transcript for OS 21/2022 (SUM 670/2022) and OS 22/2022 (SUM
669/2022), p 56, lines 6 to 27.

I dismiss this argument. From his oral submissions, it appears that he is
relying on solicitor-client privilege between him and Mr Chua. However, Mr
Chua had discharged Mr Ravi “immediately” after the proceedings on 22 November
2021 and this was communicated by Mr Lim Tean to Lim J at the hearing on 29
November 2021. This is supported by Mr Chua’s Letter seeking an adjournment to
engage new counsel. Therefore, at the time Mr Ravi communicated with Mr Arun
on 23 November 2021, there was no solicitor-client relationship between Mr
Ravi and Mr Chua. In fact, the essence of the AG’s case is that the 24
November 2021 email was sent against Mr Chua’s instructions to discharge Mr
Ravi. In my view, there can be no solicitor-client privilege arising from Mr
Ravi’s communication with Mr Arun that is made against Mr Chua’s instructions.
Consequently, I dismiss Mr Ravi’s argument.

127 Therefore, in relation to the tenth allegation, I find Mr Ravi liable of
contempt under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA.

Conclusion

128 In conclusion, in relation to SUM 670 in OS 21, I do not find Mr Ravi
liable for contempt by providing false information to DJ Chay concerning his
availability for trial for SC 904600 for 9 to 11 November 2021 ie, the first
allegation.

129 However, I find Mr Ravi guilty of contempt as set out in the second to
fifth allegations as follows:

(a) under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA, for scandalising the court by accusing DJ
Chay of being “biased” without basis on 9 November 2021;

(b) under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA, by intentionally interrupting DJ Chay while
DJ Chay was sitting in SC 904600 on 9 November 2021;

(c) under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA, by intentionally offering an insult to DJ
Chay by stating that he could be “removed…at will by the State” while DJ Chay
was sitting in SC 904600 on 9 November 2021; and

(d) under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA, by intentionally offering an insult to DJ
Chay by stating that he was “in contempt of Court” and “[didn’t] have security
of tenure [and knew] what it means” on 10 November 2021.

130 In relation to SUM 669 in OS 22, I find Mr Ravi guilty of contempt in
relation to the sixth, seventh, eighth and tenth allegations as follows:

(a) under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA, for scandalising the court by repeatedly
accusing Lim J of being biased without basis on 22 November 2021;

(b) under s 3(1)(d) of the AJPA for intentionally interrupting Lim J while she
was sitting in S 699 on 22 November 2021;

(c) under s 3(1)(a) of the AJPA, for intentionally making allegations on 22
November 2021 which impugned the propriety of the court and posed a risk that
public confidence in the administration of justice would be undermined; and

(d) under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA, on 23 November 2021, for intentionally doing
an act posing a real risk of obstructing the administration of justice by
causing Mr Arun to send the 24 November 2021 Email.

131 As for the ninth allegation, I find that under s 3(1)(e) of the AJPA, on
22 November 2021, Mr Ravi intentionally did an act posing a real risk of
obstructing the administration of justice by taking a legal position in S 699,
without instructions from Mr Chua, namely, applying for Lim J to disqualify
herself on grounds of bias. However, I do not find Mr Ravi liable for contempt
for intentionally taking a legal position without Mr Chua’s instructions
during the hearing of S 699, by applying for Mr Chua to be “discharged” ie,
the other aspect of the ninth allegation.

132 As I have found above, Mr Ravi’s bipolar disorder does not absolve him of
liability for contempt. For the purpose of sentencing, however, I invite
parties to submit on whether this is a relevant factor, and if so, how much
weight to accord to it, so as to determine the appropriate punishment to be
imposed on Mr Ravi. With that, I shall proceed to the sentencing stage of
these applications.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Loo Yu Hao Adrian, Wuan Kin Lek Nicholas and Chong Yong (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Attorney-General in HC/SUM 670/2022;

Loo Yu Hao Adrian, Chin Jincheng and Rimplejit Kaur (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Attorney-General in HC/SUM 669/2022;

The respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Mar 2023 (12:06 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

