Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 150

Originating Application No 288 of 2023

In the matter of Section 3 and 4 of the Evidence (Civil Proceedings in Other
Jurisdictions) Act 1979  
---  
  
Between

Proofpoint, Inc  
---  
  
… Claimant

And

Maiwand Youssoftay  
---  
  
… Respondent

ex tempore judgment

[Civil Procedure — Discovery of documents — Production of documents in aid of
foreign proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Proofpoint, Inc

  

v

  

Maiwand Youssoftay

[2023] SGHC 150

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 288 of 2023  
Goh Yihan JC  
18 May 2023

18 May 2023

Goh Yihan JC:

1 This is Proofpoint, Inc’s (“the claimant”) application pursuant to ss 3 and
4 of the Evidence (Civil Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions) Act 1979 (2020
Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for an order requiring the respondent to produce documents
in aid of foreign proceedings in the Superior Court of California. In
particular, s 3 of the Act provides as follows:

Application to General Division of High Court for assistance in obtaining
evidence to be used abroad

3\. Where an application is made to the General Division of the High Court for
an order for evidence to be obtained in Singapore and the General Division of
the High Court is satisfied that —

(a) the application is made pursuant to a request issued by or on behalf of a
court or tribunal (called in this Act the requesting court) exercising
jurisdiction in a country or territory outside Singapore; and

(b) the evidence to which the application relates is to be obtained for the
purposes of civil proceedings which either have been instituted before the
requesting court or whose institution before that court is contemplated,

the General Division of the High Court has the powers conferred on it by this
Act.

2 After hearing the parties before me, I dismiss the claimant’s application. I
do so because I am not satisfied, pursuant to s 3(a) of the Act, that the
present application is made pursuant to a “request” issued by a court or
tribunal exercising jurisdiction in a country or territory outside Singapore
(“foreign court or tribunal”). As the conditions in s 3 of the Act are not
met, the court does not have the powers conferred on it by the Act and
consequently cannot make the necessary orders pursuant to s 4. While this may
be a technical point, it remains that I cannot exercise the powers conferred
by the Act unless there has been a proper “request” consistent with its terms.

3 By way of background, on 10 December 2021, the claimant commenced legal
proceedings against Abnormal Security, Inc (“Abnormal”) in the Superior Court
of California (“the Californian Proceedings”). The claimant sought relief for,
among others, alleged intentional interference with contractual relations,
inducement of breach of contract, misappropriation of trade secrets, and
unfair competition. As part of the Californian Proceedings, the claimant
alleged that Abnormal had “engaged in a scheme to replicate [the claimant’s]
success by recruiting key employees and improperly using the information
misappropriated by those individuals to engage in unlawful and unfair business
practices”.

4 The respondent, Mr Maiwand Youssoftay, resides in Singapore and is employed
in Abnormal’s Singapore office. While the respondent is not part of the
Californian Proceedings, the claimant has alleged that he “was central” to
Abnormal’s scheme as detailed above. In that regard, the claimant has obtained
a subpoena from the Superior Court of California requiring the respondent to
produce 12 categories of documents (“the Documents”). Against this background,
the claimant has therefore filed the present application pursuant to s 3 of
the Act seeking an order to compel the respondent to produce the Documents.

5 As I said above, I find that the claimant has not shown that the present
application is made pursuant to a “request” issued by or on behalf of a
foreign court or tribunal, as required by s 3(a) of the Act. In furtherance of
s 3(a), O 55 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court 2021 sets out the way in which a
claimant can show that s 3(a) is satisfied:

Application for order (O. 55, r. 2)

…

(2) There must be exhibited to the affidavit in support the letter of request,
certificate or other document evidencing the desire of the court or tribunal
to obtain for the purpose of a matter pending before it the evidence of the
witness to whom the application relates or the production of any documents
and, if that document is not in the English language, a translation of that
document in that language.

[emphasis added]

In other words, the claimant must produce before the court a document to show
that a foreign court or tribunal has requested for the evidence to be obtained
in Singapore that is the subject of the application for purposes of pending
proceedings.

6 In the present case, the claimant relies on a document titled “Commission to
Take Deposition Outside California” dated 21 December 2022 (“the Commission”).
While s 2 of the Act provides that a “request” includes “any commission …
issued by or on behalf of the requesting court”, I am of the view that the
“commission” or any other document evidencing a request must on its face
unambiguously evidence the desire of the foreign court or tribunal to obtain
evidence in Singapore.

7 In this regard, the Commission appears on its face to be ambiguous for two
reasons.

8 First, the Commission contains no words indicative of a request for the
purposes of s 3(a) of the Act. In this regard, the Act was enacted to give
effect to Singapore’s accession to the Convention on the Taking of Evidence
Abroad in Civil or Commercial Matters (“the Hague Convention”) (see Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (7 September 1979), vol 39 at col 406
(Mr E W Barker, Minister for Law and Science and Technology). The Hague
Convention contains model letters of request. In fact, there is a form titled
“Form of Letter of Request to Take Deposition in Foreign Nation” that is
apparently used by the Californian Courts (“the Form”), and which was adapted
in part from the Hague Convention model letters. The Form states clearly that
it is issued “for international judicial assistance, in accordance with the
Hague Convention of 18 March 1970, on the taking of evidence in civil or
commercial matters”. This stands in contrast to the absence of similar words
in the Commission, which suggests that it is a document governing only the
taking of evidence within the United States, and not beyond that. As such, it
is not clear to me that the Commission, despite being of a type of document
that can be regarded as a “request” under s 2 of the Act, is meant to be used
to make requests to other states for the purposes of obtaining evidence in aid
of pending proceedings in the Superior Court of California.

9 Second, on its face, the Commission plainly relates to the taking of a
deposition within another “state of the United States, territory or insular
possession subject to its jurisdiction”. Indeed, the Commission states that it
is issued pursuant to the California Code of Civil Procedure §2026.010.
Consistent with what is provided for in the Commission, §2026.010 is about a
deposition “in another state of the United States, or in a territory or an
insular possession subject to its jurisdiction”. In other words, the
Commission only relates to the taking of a deposition within the United
States. More specifically, I note that the Commission has “Singapore” filled
in as the place in which “[t]he deposition is to be taken in (state of the
United States, territory, or insular possession subject to its jurisdiction)”
[emphasis in original]. While “Singapore” is filled in as such, this is
erroneous as Singapore is plainly and indisputably not a state, territory, or
insular possession of the United States. Accordingly, even if the Commission
can be taken as a “request” for the purposes of s 3(a), it is not safe to
regard the Commission as concerning the taking of a deposition outside of the
United States.

10 At the hearing before me, Ms Ling Yuanrong, who appeared for the claimant,
said that her client was advised by counsel in the United States that the
Commission would be sufficient for present purposes. Be that as it may, the
claimant has not tendered any affidavit to this effect which can explain away
the ambiguities in the Commission that I have pointed out above.

11 In the circumstances, I find that the claimant has not satisfied the
threshold requirement under s 3(a) of the Act. Since the claimant has not done
so, it follows that I need not consider whether s 3(b) is satisfied, or
whether I should exercise the power conferred to the court by s 4. This is for
the simple reason that, unless s 3 of the Act is satisfied, this court will
not be conferred with the powers provided by the Act. It necessarily follows
that I have no power under the Act to make any order to compel the respondent
to produce the Documents under s 4. My conclusion remains the same even if
respondent has indicated that he may be willing to disclose the Documents on,
among others, the condition that the claimant making an undertaking not to use
them for any other collateral purpose. This is because the court’s power to
make the orders under s 4 of the Act comes from the Act and cannot be derived
from the parties’ agreement to such effect. Indeed, the present application is
plainly taken out pursuant to ss 3 and 4 of the Act.

12 For all these reasons, I dismiss the claimant’s application. I fix costs at
$5,000 to be paid by the claimant to the respondent.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Tham Wei Chern, Wang Chunhua and Ling Yuanrong (Fullerton Law Chambers LLC)
for the claimant;  
Siraj Omar SC and Chan Yun Wen Charmaine (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 19 May 2023 (09:41 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

