Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 20

District Court Appeal No 86 of 2022

Between

WHB

… Appellant

And

WHA

… Respondent

judgment

[Family Law — Matrimonial assets — Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WHB

  
v

  

WHA

[2023] SGHCF 20

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — District Court Appeal
No 86 of 2022  
Choo Han Teck J  
22 February, 10 March 2023

11 April 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant (“the Wife”) and the respondent (“the Husband”) were both from
Bangalore, India. The Husband, now 55 years old and a molecular biologist
working in Singapore, went to America when he was in his early twenties to
obtain his Ph.D. According to the Wife, her husband returned to India to look
for a bride and proposed to her. She declined, but he persuaded her parents —
who approved their marriage, and within ten days, thereafter on 25 June 1995,
they married.

2 The Wife’s parents paid for the wedding as well as her airfare to America so
that she could be with the groom as he pursued his Ph.D. The Wife, who did not
complete her university education, was unable to land a steady job in America.
She managed to work as a babysitter in New York, and according to her, gave
all her income to her husband. She returned to Singapore from India in 2014.
She had been a Singapore citizen since 2005. The Husband had acquired
Singapore citizenship before her. The Wife, now 53, also works in Singapore as
a secretary.

3 The Wife says that almost from the start, the marriage was not working. The
Husband had abused her physically and mentally. One of the incidents she
recounted occurred in their New York flat in which he hit her head against the
walls, damaging the wall. The building management wrote to the Husband after
he came to Singapore, asking him to pay for the damage.

4 The parties have a daughter, born in 1998 in America, and so, is an American
citizen. She is now 25 years old and lives in the private Condominium in
Singapore (“the Condominium”) that the Husband bought in the joint names of
himself and the Wife. This was purchased after they had first bought a Housing
and Development Board flat (“the HDB flat”) which they still own.

5 The Wife claims that the Husband let out the HDB flat and because of that,
she had no place to stay, and so she returned to the Condominium to stay. She
further claims that her presence unsettled the Husband and so he instigated
their daughter to take out a personal protection order (“PPO”) against the
Wife and with that, excluded her from the Condominium. That was in September
2018.

6 The Wife claims that the Husband did not want to remove her name as co-owner
of the Condominium because it would affect his ability to get re-financing.
She says that the PPO was the only way the Husband could get her physically
out of the Condominium. She says she did not know that the Condominium was in
joint names.

7 The Wife says that she was the academic and professional inferior of the
husband. She claims that she could not even obtain her bachelor’s degree. She
was thus bullied by the Husband. She claims that although her daughter took
out the PPO, the daughter was in fact close to her. The Wife produced a wad of
cards and letters written by the daughter expressing her love and affection
for her.

8 This then, is the gist of the Wife’s account of how she came to marry the
Husband and why they had divorced. The only issues in this appeal before me
are the Wife’s claim that the finding of the court below that the Wife’s
indirect contribution was 20% is “too low given all the contributions and
sacrifices” that she claims she made, and secondly, she claims that the
jewellery held by the husband be returned to her. The wife also raised a
belated claim that the division of $179,000 being 50% of her share of the
proceeds from the sale of their HDB flat should be increased because the flat
is now worth $760,000. but this seems to be a mistake because the (third)
consent order FC/ORC 4451/2022 recorded on 22 August 2022 stated that the
amount each is to receive is $176,500, being the CPF contributions made at the
time of purchase.

9 It appears that the Wife has refused to sell the flat but that is not an
issue because the Husband has a court order empowering the Registrar of the
High Court to complete the sale on the Wife’s behalf. The question is what was
the order of court relating to the Condominium? The only documentary evidence
of the parties’ direct contribution to the purchase of the Condominium was
their CPF contributions, which was in the ratio of 95% (Husband): 5% (Wife).
The DJ adopted this ratio as the direct financial contribution of the parties.
As for indirect contributions, the DJ assessed the contribution of the parties
to be in the ratio of 80% (Husband): 20% (Wife). Accordingly, the DJ arrived
at a final ratio of 87% (Husband): 13% (Wife), which entitled the Wife to
$161,400 based on the value of the Condominium less outstanding liabilities.

10 The Wife says on appeal that the DJ failed to consider her financial
contributions to the Condominium. She says that she had given the Husband her
salary, her credit card, her bank accounts and CPF monies. What is pertinent
is that these were the same reasons raised before the DJ, and the DJ only took
into account her CPF contributions as they were the only contemporaneous
documents evidencing the contribution of the parties. The Husband also had a
cash contribution of $100,000 denied for lack of evidence. I am of the view
that the DJ’s approach was sound. These assertions by the Wife bear no nexus
to the purchase of the Condominium to show on balance that they should be
counted. The financial contribution of 95% (Husband): 5% (Wife) thus stands.

11 Weighing the Wife and the Husband’s accounts, and having interviewed both
the daughter and the Husband, the latter in the presence of his counsel and
the Wife, I incline to the findings of the court below. It is not unusual to
find a witness’ affidavit rephrased and embellished by the solicitor drafting
the witness’ evidence, and thereby produce an account that may not be what the
witness intended. Not only that, the solicitor’s draft sometimes distorts the
client’s personality and character, but in this case, the Husband’s affidavit
fits the person who spoke in court, and comparing the affidavits and oral
testimony, although not under oath, I have no hesitation in accepting the
evidence of the Husband as it appears in his affidavit.

12 The Wife, on the other hand, protests a little too much, and some of her
claims are contradicted by the very evidence she adduced through her
application to adduce them as further evidence. These include the letters and
cards written by the daughter to her. Her intention was to discredit the
daughter’s PPO against her. Her argument is that the letters and cards show
that the daughter had expressed her love to her as her mother and, therefore,
could not have willingly applied for the PPO.

13 The cards and letters show that the daughter still loves her mother, but
the more important message in them seems to have eluded the wife. The daughter
was trying to tell her mother (the Wife) to accept the situation and not
continue to make the family, including herself miserable. The daughter is now
25 years old. Some of the letters were written many years ago, yet they show a
mature and sensible mind. Contrary to the Wife’s accusation that the Husband
physically abused the daughter, the daughter categorically denies it, and only
say that both parents had punished her when she was young, but that stopped a
long time ago.

14 It was not disputed that the Husband’s indirect financial contribution
significantly outstripped the Wife’s. As for indirect non-financial
contributions, for the reasons above, I am of the view that the Husband also
contributed more than the Wife, although the Wife did play her part to some
extent. Therefore, the ratio of 80% (Husband): 20% (Wife) for indirect
contribution as determined by the DJ is fair and reasonable.

15 Finally, I address the Wife’s prayer for an order that the jewellery in the
Husband’s possession be returned to her. She made extensive arguments about
the nature of the jewellery as to how his claims that the jewellery was for
the daughter are unsustainable because the daughter does not appreciate such
jewellery. The difficulty in this appeal is that the Wife could not point to
an indexed list of jewellery which she says the Husband ought to return. Her
assertions at the hearing were also inconsistent — in one breath she says the
jewellery was with the Husband in the Condominium which she now has no access
to, and in another she says they are stored in a safe deposit box in a bank in
India. In fact, the DJ made an order below for the Wife to return jewellery
held by her to the Husband on the basis that they were bought for the
daughter. The Wife has not raised a sufficient case to show why or how the DJ
erred in reaching this finding of fact. Accordingly, the DJ’s order on this
point stands.

16 For the reasons above, I see no merit in the Wife’s appeal. The appeal is
therefore dismissed, but I will make no order as to costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

The appellant/wife in person;  
A Revi Shanker s/o K Annamalai (ARShanker Law Chambers) for the
respondent/husband.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Apr 2023 (14:14 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

