Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 88

Originating Application No 250 of 2023

In the Matter of Section 71 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Zipmex Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 251 of 2023

In the Matter of Section 71 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Zipmex Asia Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 252 of 2023

In the Matter of Section 71 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Zipmex Australia Pty Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 381 of 2022 (Summons No 754 of 2023)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Zipmex Company Limited  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 382 of 2022 (Summons No 755 of 2023)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Zipmex Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 383 of 2022 (Summons No 756 of 2023)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Zipmex Asia Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 384 of 2022 (Summons No 757 of 2023)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

Zipmex Australia Pty Ltd  
---  
  
… Applicant

Originating Application No 385 of 2022 (Summons No 758 of 2023)

In the Matter of Section 64 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

PT Zipmex Exchange Indonesia  
---  
  
… Applicant

BRIEF GROUNDS

[Insolvency Law — Schemes of arrangement — Classification of creditors]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Zipmex Pte Ltd and other matters

[2023] SGHC 88

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 250 of 2023,
Originating Application No 251 of 2023, Originating Application No 252 of
2023, Originating Application No 381 of 2022 (Summons No 754 of 2023),
Originating Application No 382 of 2022 (Summons No 755 of 2023), Originating
Application No 383 of 2022 (Summons No 756 of 2023), Originating Application
No 384 of 2022 (Summons No 757 of 2023) and Originating Application No 385 of
2022 (Summons No 758 of 2023)  
Aedit Abdullah J  
30 March 2023

6 April 2023

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 These brief remarks encapsulate my decision allowing the present
applications for the Court’s sanction of “pre-packaged” schemes of arrangement
(“the Sanction Applications”) under s 71 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IRDA”) and the accompanying applications
for extension of time of moratoria to allow for post-sanction administrative
steps to be completed. The focus of these remarks is on the question of
whether, for the purposes of voting on the “pre-packaged” schemes of
arrangement (“the Schemes”), the Court may approve the creation of an
administrative convenience class (“the Administrative Convenience Class”)
comprising low value creditors which is intended to reduce the administrative
burden on the restructuring entities.

Background

2 The Sanction Applications were made by three companies in the Zipmex Group:
Zipmex Asia Pte Ltd (the group holding company incorporated in Singapore)
(“Zipmex Asia”), Zipmex Pte Ltd (a Singapore subsidiary) (“Zipmex Singapore”),
and Zipmex Australia Pty Ltd (“Zipmex Australia”). The applications for
extension of moratoria were made by these companies as well as Zipmex Company
Limited and PT Zipmex Exchange Indonesia. The Zipmex Group operates a
cryptocurrency platform, accessible through an application known as the
“Zipmex App”, on which various cryptocurrencies are traded.

3 The applicants previously came before this Court on 2 December 2022 to ask
for an extension of time of the moratoria. At that hearing, they raised the
proposal for the Administrative Convenience Class to be formed for the
purposes of the voting exercise on the Schemes. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicants’ Joint Written Submissions (“AJWS”) at para 29.

I approved the applications for extension of time but indicated that it was
premature then to determine the permissibility of the creation of this class.
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Re Zipmex Co Ltd [2022] SGHC 306 at para 9 (“Re Zipmex Co Ltd”).

Nevertheless, I highlighted to the applicants my concerns regarding the
existence of a juridical basis for the Court to grant such an order. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Re Zipmex Co Ltd at para 7.

At the present hearing, since the voting exercise had been completed and the
applicants were bringing the Sanction Applications for the Court’s approval,
it was appropriate to face this issue squarely.

4 In the voting exercise, the Scheme creditors of Zipmex Asia voted in one
class whilst the Scheme creditors of Zipmex Singapore and Zipmex Australia
voted in two classes: the “Vendor Creditors” and the “Customer Creditors”
classes. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AJWS at paras 9, 33–38.

The outcome of the voting exercise for all classes was overwhelmingly in
favour of approving the Schemes. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AJWS at paras 11 and 12.

However, under the “Customer Creditors” class, the applicants had created the
Administrative Convenience Class, which was a separate class of Customer
Creditors comprising 67,130 customers whose withheld assets were below
US$5,000 in value. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AJWS at paras 27, 28 and 31.

In exchange for receiving the same benefits under the Schemes as the other
Customer Creditors, ie, full access to their withheld assets following an
investment in Zipmex Asia, members of the Administrative Convenience Class
were by default excluded from the voting exercise unless they indicated their
desire to participate in it. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AJWS at paras 10, 31 and 36.

The rationale for doing so was to lessen the administrative burden on the
applicants in conducting the voting exercise. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AJWS at para 31(b).

Creation of an administrative convenience class

5 The applicants argued that the concept of the Administrative Convenience
Class arose from United States (“US”) jurisprudence; namely, jurisprudence
concerning s 1122(b) of the US Bankruptcy Code, which permits the proponent of
a plan to designate a separate class, “as reasonable and necessary for
administrative convenience”, for all unsecured claims less than a specified
dollar amount. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AJWS at para 49; Applicants’ Bundle of Authorities (“ABOA”) at Tab 6 p 25.

The applicants argued that s 1122(b) codified the practice in pre-Code case
law of providing a separate class for small claims so as to permit their
payment in full and thus relieve the restructuring company from the
administrative burden of soliciting the relevant claimants’ consent to the
plan. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AJWS at para 50.

6 In support of these arguments, the applicants referred to the Senate Report
that accompanied the 1978 enactment of the Bankruptcy Code (S Rep No 989, 95th
Cong, 2d Sess 118 (1978)), which stated that s 1122(b) was a “codification of
existing practice” 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ABOA at Tab 6 p 25; Tab 18 p 809.

and that payment in cash of small claims in full was common practice in
reorganisation. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AJWS at para 55; ABOA at Tab 18 p 809.

The applicants also referred to several pre-Code US cases which illustrated
the practices of either paying low value creditors in full prior to the
approval of a reorganisation plan or stipulating in the plan itself for full
payment to low value creditors despite other creditors receiving only partial
payment. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AJWS at paras 55–58.

7 From these authorities, the applicants sought to distil the principle that
pre-Code, US courts had recognised that the payment of administrative
convenience claims would benefit the debtor’s estate and other creditors by
streamlining administration of the estate. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AJWS at para 58.

They argued that this pre-Code practice of creating an administrative
convenience class would be consistent with the practice in Singapore where in
schemes of arrangement, debtor companies may choose to exclude low value
creditors by paying them in full. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AJWS at para 59.

8 With respect to the juridical basis for the Court’s power to authorise the
creation of the Administrative Convenience Class, the applicants cited the
following legislative provisions: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AJWS at para 62.

(a) Section 3 of the IRDA, which establishes the High Court’s jurisdiction in
corporate insolvency, winding up and related matters under the IRDA.

(b) Section 6(1) of the IRDA, which gives the Court the power to decide all
questions of law or fact that may arise in any case or matter under the IRDA
coming within the cognizance of the Court, or that the Court considers
expedient or necessary to decide for the purpose of doing justice or making a
complete distribution of property in that case or matter.

(c) Alternatively, O 3 rr 2(2) and 2(3) of the Rules of Court 2021 (“ROC
2021”), which permit the Court to do whatever it considers necessary in a case
to ensure that justice is done and to impose any appropriate condition in
exercising any power.

The decision

9 I granted approval for the pre-packaged Schemes, including the use of the
administrative class. I was satisfied that the requirements under s 71 IRDA
had been met, namely (a) the disclosure of information, and (b) the
satisfaction of the statutory majority requirements in the notional counting
of votes, which requires proper classification of the scheme creditors in
accordance with case law on s 210 of the Companies Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“CA”): Re DSG Asia Holdings Pte Ltd [2021] SGHC 209 at [28], [29] and [44].

10 These brief grounds will focus primarily on the use of the Administrative
Convenience Class. I was satisfied that categorising some of the applicants’
creditors in a class here, and taking their approval of the Schemes as deemed,
was appropriate.

11 While in Re Zipmex Co Ltd and other matters [2022] SGHC 306 I invited
submissions on the pre-Bankruptcy Code cases in the US, it would seem from
what the applicants have located that there is not much to be gleaned from
their reasoning that would be of use in the Singapore context. What the US
approach pre-Code does illustrate is that some compromise of strict rights and
equitableness is sometimes required for the sake of efficacy and feasibility.
A poll of all 70,000 or so creditors here would not be workable for the
applicants, at least in a reasonable amount of time and at reasonable cost.

12 But the Court must always need to ensure that there is no undue prejudice.
This is best catered for by some quid pro quo for the deemed consent to be
taken from the Administrative Convenience Class, such as full payment. In
addition, the mechanism introduced by the applicants allowing those in the
Administrative Convenience Class to still vote if they want to, gives further
strength to there being no prejudice arising here.

13 As for the statutory mechanism, I am doubtful that the ROC 2021 can be
invoked in the manner argued for by the applicants, since class creation and
composition are matters of substantive law under the IRDA and the CA. Rather,
I would found it on the words of s 210 CA itself, which allows leeway to the
Court to redefine the majority required for approval. Specifically, section
210(3AB) sets out the conditions under which a compromise or an arrangement is
binding:

(3AB) The conditions referred to in subsection (3AA) are as follows:

(a) unless the Court orders otherwise, a majority in number of —

(i) the creditors or class of creditors;

(ii) the members or class of members; or

(iii) the holders of units of shares or class of holders of units of shares,

present and voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting or the
adjourned meeting agrees to the compromise or arrangement;

(b) the majority in number referred to, or such number as the Court may order,
under paragraph (a) represents three‑fourths in value of —

(i) the creditors or class of creditors;

(ii) the members or class of members; or

(iii) the holders of units of shares or class of holders of units of shares,

present and voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting or the
adjourned meeting, as the case may be;

(c) the compromise or arrangement is approved by order of the Court.

[emphases added]

14 That to my mind can be then imported into s 71 IRDA, by its opening words
in s 71(1) that “[d]espite section 210 of the Companies Act but subject to
this section … the Court may, on an application made by the company, make an
order approving the compromise or arrangement, even though no meeting of the
creditors or class of creditors has been ordered under section 210(1) of that
Act or held.”

15 The Administrative Convenience Class was thus a proper class created under
the IRDA and the deemed approval fulfilled the requirements of s 71(3)(d)
IRDA.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Daniel Chia Hsiung Wen, Tang Yuan Jonathan and Charlene Wee Swee Ting (Morgan
Lewis Stamford LLC) for the applicants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Apr 2023 (14:06 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

