Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 58

Suit 438 of 2021

Between

(1)| Er Kok Yong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)(2)(3)| Tan Cheng Cheng (as co-administratrix of the estate of Spencer
Tuppani, deceased)Tan San San (as co-administratrix of the estate of Spencer
Tuppani, deceased)Keh Lay Hong(as co-administratrix of the estate of Spencer
Tuppani, deceased)  
---|---  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Trusts — Constructive Trusts]

[Trusts — Resulting Trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Er Kok Yong

  
v

  

Tan Cheng Cheng (as co-administratrix of the estate of Spencer Tuppani,
deceased) and others

[2023] SGHC 58

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 438 of 2021  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
4–6, 10–13, 17–19 May, 29 August 2022

10 March 2023

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

Introduction

1 This was the second of two suits brought following Spencer Tuppani’s
(“Spencer”) death at the hands of his father-in-law on 10 July 2017. The other
suit was HC/S 554/2021 (“S 554”). The Plaintiff in this suit, Er Kok Yong
(“the Plaintiff”, also known as “Jason”), was also one of the two plaintiffs
in S 554. In S 554, the two plaintiffs claimed – collectively – a two-thirds
beneficial interest in a property registered in Spencer’s sole name. In the
present suit, the Plaintiff claimed sole beneficial ownership of a BMW M6
vehicle (“the Vehicle”) registered in Spencer’s sole name.

2 The Defendants in the present suit were also the defendants in HC/S
554/2021. They are the co-administratrix of Spencer’s estate. The 1st
Defendant (“Shyller”) was married to Spencer at the time of his death; the 2nd
Defendant (“Sherry”) is her sister; and the 3rd Defendant is Spencer’s former
(and first) wife. In this suit, the Defendants denied that the Plaintiff was
the sole beneficial owner of the Vehicle. They also brought a counterclaim
against the Plaintiff in respect of a sum of S$1,108,076.00.

3 This suit was heard together with S 554 in the same trial before me. There
was an overlap in the witnesses to be called for the two suits. In
correspondence exchanged with the court registry and at the JPTC conducted by
me prior to the trial, counsel for the parties in the two suits confirmed that
parties had agreed to evidence led in respect of one suit standing as evidence
in the other (subject to the rules of evidence, including relevance). The only
exception was in respect of Mr Andy Chiok (“Mr Chiok”), counsel for the
Defendants in S 438, who was called as a factual witness in S 554. As Mr Chiok
was called to give evidence on issues pertaining solely to S 554, it was
generally agreed that his testimony would not be relevant to S 438.

4 At the conclusion of the trial, I dismissed the claims in both suits, as
well as the Defendants’ counterclaim in the present suit. My grounds of
decision in S 554 were issued on 17 February 2023: Er Kok Yong and another v
Tan Cheng Cheng (as co-administratrix of the estate of Spencer Tuppani,
deceased) and others [2023] SGHC 38. I now set out the reasons for my decision
in this suit.

The Plaintiff’s case

5 The Plaintiff claimed that in November 2013, he became interested in
purchasing a BMW M6 vehicle for his personal use. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim Amendment No. 1 (“SOC”) at para 4.

According to the Plaintiff’s pleaded case, he and Spencer “orally agreed” in
the course of a discussion sometime in late 2013 that he (the Plaintiff) would
purchase the BMW M6 from Munich Automobiles Pte Ltd (“Munich Automobiles”);
and “[i]n particular”, the two of them shared a common intention that: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 5.

(a) The Vehicle would be purchased in Spencer’s name, with Spencer holding it
on trust for the Plaintiff;

(b) Only the Plaintiff would enjoy sole use and beneficial ownership of the
vehicle;

(c) The Plaintiff would be solely responsible for the contributions towards
the payment of the purchase price of the vehicle;

(d) The Plaintiff would carry out the maintenance of the vehicle at his own
cost; and

(e) The Plaintiff would enjoy full possession and usage of the vehicle.

6 In keeping with their “oral agreement”, Spencer proceeded to purchase the
Vehicle sometime in February 2014 for S$566,000.00. The purchase price was not
paid in one lump sum. Spencer first paid a deposit of S$30,000.00 to Munich
Automobiles by way of cheque on 19 February 2014. He then used his credit card
to make payment of S$236,000.00 to Munich Automobiles on 26 February 2014. As
for the outstanding balance which came up to S$300,000.00, Spencer took out a
5-year loan from BMW Financial Services Singapore Pte Ltd (“BMW Financial
Services”).

7 On his part, according to the Plaintiff, he paid Spencer S$266,000.00 in
cash. This amount covered the deposit Spencer had paid for the car, as well as
the partial payment he had made using his credit card. As for the vehicle loan
from BMW Financial Services, the Plaintiff paid the loan instalments which
amounted to S$5,570.00 per month for a period of 60 months. The Plaintiff made
these monthly repayments by issuing cheques directly to BMW Financial
Services, except for the following periods:

(a) April 2014, February 2015, March 2015, July 2015, August 2015 (the “First
Period”);

(b) September 2015 to January 2017 (the “Second Period”).

8 In respect of the monthly payments made during the First Period, the
Plaintiff claimed that he had paid Spencer cash, after which Spencer had
issued cheques to BMW Financial Services.

9 In respect of the Second Period, the Plaintiff alleged that he entered into
an oral agreement with one Mr Lim Soon Hwa Lawrence (“Lawrence”), whereby
Lawrence would “completely take over sole beneficial ownership, possession and
use of the Vehicle” for an agreed price of S$420,000.00 based on the “market
value” of the Vehicle in or around July 2015. Lawrence was a friend of the
Plaintiff and Spencer. Pursuant to this oral agreement, Lawrence took over the
vehicle and paid the Plaintiff the cash amount in excess of the outstanding
loans, while also taking over payment of the monthly instalments due to BMW
Financial Services during the Second Period. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 13.

10 According to the Plaintiff, sole beneficial ownership of the car
subsequently reverted to him in January 2017, pursuant to another oral
agreement with Lawrence whereby the Plaintiff was to “take over the sole
beneficial ownership, possession and use” of the Vehicle for S$340,000.00
(being the market value of the car in or around January 2017). The Plaintiff
paid Lim the cash amount in excess of the outstanding loans and resumed making
payment of the monthly instalments due to BMW Financial Services.

11 The Plaintiff also claimed that he and Lawrence “made full payment of the
car insurance, road tax and any fees including those incurred for the
maintenance and enhancements to the Vehicle, respectively during the periods
when they were in sole beneficial ownership, possession and use of the Vehicle
since the purchase of the Vehicle to date”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 14.

According to the Plaintiff, the “common intention” between him and Spencer was
that he (the Plaintiff) he would be the beneficial owner of the Vehicle, and
that he would make full payment for it. The Plaintiff therefore claimed to be
entitled to the Vehicle on the basis of a common intention constructive trust.

12 Alternatively, the Plaintiff claimed that since he had “made all financial
contributions” in respect of the Vehicle, he was “entitled to the whole of the
beneficial interest in the Vehicle on resulting trust principles”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at paras 17 – 18.

The Defendants’ case and the Plaintiff’s response

13 The Defendants denied the existence of any oral agreement between the
Plaintiff and Spencer for the former to have beneficial ownership of the BMW
M6 purchased in Spencer’s sole name. The Defendants also denied the
Plaintiff’s claims to having “made all financial contributions” in respect of
the Vehicle. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 5.

In the alternative, they contended that even if the Plaintiff had made payment
to BMW Financial Services for the loan instalments, both Spencer and the
Plaintiff were “co-beneficial owners” of the Vehicle to the extent of their
respective financial contributions. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 7.

14 As for their counterclaim, the Defendants claimed from the Plaintiff the
repayment of various amounts allegedly paid by Spencer to the Plaintiff in the
period between 26 August 2014 and 23 May 2017. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 15.

Spencer was said to have paid the Plaintiff a total of S$1,108,076.00 in eight
tranches during the said period. According to the Defendants, these payments
were made by Spencer without any donative intent, nor was there any
presumption of advancement in the Plaintiff’s favour. The Defendants contended
that the total amount of S$1,108,076.00 was held by the Plaintiff on a
“presumed resulting trust” for Spencer, and that the Plaintiff was
consequently “now liable to account to the Defendants as personal
representatives for the said monies or such amounts as may be due”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at paras 17 – 18.

15 Further, the Defendants pleaded that in respect of those payments made by
Spencer in 2014 (ie, more than six years prior to the filing of the
counterclaim), no period of limitation applied by virtue of section 22(1)(b)
of the Limitation Act 1959 (2020 Rev Ed) (“Limitation Act”).

16 Not surprisingly, the Plaintiff resisted the counterclaim put forward by
the Defendants. He denied that he held any monies on trust for Spencer and/or
that he had any obligation to account to the Defendants for the payments
listed in their counterclaim. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 10B(b).

Further or in the alternative, he contended that even if all the payments were
proven, these were payments made by Spencer in repayment of loans given by him
(the Plaintiff). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 10B(c).

In any event, the counterclaim was “time-barred by virtue of section 6(2) of
the Limitation Act (Cap 163)”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 10A.

Issues

17 The following issues arose for my consideration:

(a) Whether, as between the Plaintiff and Spencer, there was a common
intention constructive trust whereby the Plaintiff would be the sole
beneficial owner of the Vehicle registered in Spencer’s name;

(b) Whether, in the alternative, the Plaintiff could claim sole beneficial
ownership of the Vehicle by virtue of a resulting trust;

(c) In respect of the Defendants’ counterclaim, whether the payments allegedly
made by Spencer to the Plaintiff in 2014 were time-barred;

(d) In respect of the Defendants’ counterclaim, whether the Plaintiff was
obliged to account to the Defendants for the amount of S$1,108,076.00 on the
basis of “a presumed resulting trust”.

My decision

The law on common intention constructive trusts and resulting trusts

18 At the outset, it will be useful to summarise the general principles
relating to common intention constructive trusts and resulting trusts. As the
name suggests, a common intention constructive trust arises “where it is clear
that there is a common intention among parties as to how their beneficial
interests are to be held”: per the Court of Appeal (“CA”) in Su Emmanuel v
Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another [2016] 3 SLR 1222 (“Su Emmanuel”) at
[83]. To successfully invoke the common intention constructive trust, the
common intention – which subsists either at, or subsequent to, the time the
property was acquired – may either be express or inferred; and there must be
sufficient and compelling evidence of the express or inferred common
intention: Su Emmanuel at [83] citing Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3
SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”) at [160(b)] and [160(f)]. Apart from proving the
common intention, detrimental reliance on that common intention must also be
shown: per the CA in Ong Chai Soon v Ong Chai Koon and others [2022] 2 SLR 457
at [40] – [41].

19 Where the definition of resulting trusts is concerned, it is perhaps better
to focus on the circumstances in which a resulting trust arises as opposed to
resorting to descriptions (which may be potentially over-inclusive) or
unhelpful metaphors: Christopher Hare and Vincent Ooi, Singapore Trusts Law
(LexisNexis, 2021) at [9-2]. The locus classicus on resulting trusts is Lord
Browne Wilkinson’s judgment in Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v
Islington London Borough Council [1996] AC 669 (“Westdeutsche”), where Lord
Browne-Wilkinson set out (at p 708) two scenarios in which a resulting trust
would typically arise. The first scenario is where A makes a voluntary payment
to B or pays (wholly or in part) for the purchase of property which is vested
either in B alone or in the joint names of A and B. There is a presumption
that A did not intend to make a gift to B: the money or property is held on
trust for A (if he is the sole provider of the money) or in the case of a
joint purchase by both A and B, in shares proportionate to their
contributions. This is the “presumed resulting trust”, which is also referred
to as the “purchase money resulting trust” or the “purchase price resulting
trust”. It should be noted that the presumption is easily rebutted either by
the counter-presumption of advancement or by direct evidence of A’s intention
to make an outright transfer. The second scenario is where A transfers
property to B on express trusts but the trusts declared do not exhaust the
whole beneficial interest. This is the automatic resulting trust. I need not
say more about the automatic resulting trust in these written grounds because
it was common ground between the parties in the present case that we were
concerned with the first scenario described by Lord Browne-Wilkinson described
(ie, the “presumed resulting trust”).

20 Insofar as Singapore law is concerned, the doctrinal basis for the
resulting trust is the lack of intention analysis advanced by Robert Chambers:
as the CA in Chan Yuen Lan noted, that analysis (at [44]) may “potentially
provide a more sensible basis for the principled and pragmatic development” of
the equitable doctrine of the resulting trust. This lack of intention can
either be proven on the facts, or presumed (assuming that the evidence is
inconclusive as to the transferor’s intentions – see [66] below). As the CA in
Chan Yuen Lan also noted (at [52]): the “question in every case where the
claim is based on the existence of a resulting trust is still whether there is
any direct evidence that may adequately reveal the intention of the transferor
[emphasis added]”. The CA cited with approval the observations of the High
Court in Lim Chen Yeow Kelvin v Goh Chin Peng [2008] 4 SLR(R) 783 (“Lim Chen
Yeow Kelvin”, at [116]):

If the court could discern a clear intention on the part of the deceased to
gift all the moneys in the joint account to the survivor from the evidence
before it, then there should be no need to apply any presumption of a
resulting trust to aid the fact-finding or decision-making process. Only when
the court is not able to find any clear intention or if the evidence is
inconclusive either way as to what the deceased’s real intention might be,
then in this rather limited and exceptional situation (where the evidence is
so finely balanced on either side) should the court apply the evidential
presumption of a resulting trust to tilt the balance in favour of the estate
of the deceased (who solely contributed the moneys in [the] joint account).

[emphasis added]

21 It is not uncommon for claims of both a common intention constructive trust
and a presumed resulting trust to be made in property disputes involving
“parties who have contributed unequal amounts towards the purchase price of a
property and who have not executed a declaration of trust as to how the
beneficial interest in the property is to be apportioned”. In such cases, the
framework for the analysis of such claims was set out by the CA in its
judgment in Chan Yuen Lan (at [160]):

(a) Is there sufficient evidence of the parties’ respective financial
contributions to the purchase price of the property? If the answer is “yes”,
it will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the
property in proportion to their respective contributions to the purchase price
(ie, the presumption of resulting trust arises). If the answer is “no”, it
will be presumed that the parties hold the beneficial interest in the same
manner as that in which the legal interest is held.

(b) Regardless of whether the answer to (a) is “yes” or “no”, is there
sufficient evidence of an express or an inferred common intention that the
parties should hold the beneficial interest in the property in a proportion
which is different from that set out in (a)? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with that common
intention instead, and not in the manner set out in (a). In this regard, the
court may not impute a common intention to the parties where one did not in
fact exist.

(c) If the answer to both (a) and (b) is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in the property in the same manner as the manner in which
they hold the legal interest.

(d) If the answer to (a) is “yes” but the answer to (b) is “no”, is there
nevertheless sufficient evidence that the party who paid a larger part of the
purchase price of the property (“X”) intended to benefit the other party (“Y”)
with the entire amount which he or she paid? If the answer is “yes”, then X
would be considered to have made a gift to Y of that larger sum and Y will be
entitled to the entire beneficial interest in the property.

(e) If the answer to (d) is “no”, does the presumption of advancement
nevertheless operate to rebut the presumption of resulting trust in (a)? If
the answer is “yes”, then: (i) there will be no resulting trust on the facts
where the property is registered in Y’s sole name (ie, Y will be entitled to
the property absolutely); and (ii) the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property jointly where the property is registered in their
joint names. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the beneficial
interest in the property in proportion to their respective contributions to
the purchase price.

(f) Notwithstanding the situation at the time the property was acquired, is
there sufficient and compelling evidence of a subsequent express or inferred
common intention that the parties should hold the beneficial interest in a
proportion which is different from that in which the beneficial interest was
held at the time of acquisition of the property? If the answer is “yes”, the
parties will hold the beneficial interest in accordance with the subsequent
altered proportion. If the answer is “no”, the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in one of the modes set out at (b)–(e) above, depending on
which is applicable.

22 In Chan Yuen Lan, the starting point of the analysis was an examination of
whether a presumption of a resulting trust arose on the facts – followed by an
examination of whether the parties could be shown to have had a common
intention to hold the beneficial interest in different proportions from the
proportions of their respective contributions to the purchase price. That
being said, the courts in later decisions have taken the position that the
analysis need not always proceed in this strict sequence. As the court in Ng
So Hang v Wong Sang Woo [2018] SGHC 162 (“Ng So Hang”) observed (at [24]) (see
also Yeow Jen Ai Susan v Ravindaranath Kalyana Ramasamy [2021] SGHC 94 (“Yeow
Jen Ai Susan”) at [26] – [30]; Ong Chai Koon and others v Ong Chai Soon [2021]
SGHC 76 (“Ong Chai Koon”) at [45] – [46]):

While the approach in Chan Yuen Lan starts its analysis with the purchase
price resulting trust, in practice the foremost claim that is put forward is
usually the common intention constructive trust, with an alternative basis
relied upon of a proprietary estoppel; the resulting trust is usually the
backstop claim.

23 In the present case, the Plaintiff relied on a common intention
constructive trust as his foremost claim, with the resulting trust as his
backstop claim. As such, I first considered the issue of the alleged common
intention constructive trust.

Whether there was a common intention constructive trust

24 Although the Plaintiff’s statement of claim alluded at one point to an
“oral agreement” between him and Spencer, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at paras 5 and 6.

I understood this to constitute – not a pleading of an express trust as the
Defendants seemed to think it was 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 24 June 2022 at para 12.

– but the main basis of the alleged common intention constructive trust which
formed the crux of the Plaintiff’s claim. This was certainly how the
Plaintiff’s case was framed in his pleadings as a whole and also in the
opening statement and the closing submissions filed on his behalf 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 5; Plaintiff’s Opening Statement at para 2; Plaintiff’s Closing
Submissions at para 60.

. The common intention, as per his pleaded case, was for Spencer to hold the
Vehicle on trust for him and for him to have sole beneficial ownership of it.

25 Having invoked a common intention constructive trust, the Plaintiff had to
adduce sufficient and compelling evidence of the pleaded common intention (Su
Emmanuel at [83]). I found that he was unable to do so. Having considered the
evidence adduced and the parties’ submissions, I found the Plaintiff’s case on
common intention constructive trust to be incoherent, internally inconsistent
and frankly unbelievable.

26 To begin with, it must be noted that in his evidence at trial and in the
case he put forward in closing submissions, the Plaintiff’s position was that
while he was the sole beneficial owner of the Vehicle from February 2014 to
August 2015; that Lawrence assumed sole beneficial ownership of it from August
2015 to January 2017 following a “sale” by the Plaintiff to him; and that the
Plaintiff himself became sole beneficial owner once again from January 2017
onwards, following a “sale” by Lawrence to him. As the Defendants pointed out,
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 25.

this effectively meant that there would have been three separate common
intention constructive trusts: first, from February 2014 to August 2015, there
must have been a common intention as between the Plaintiff and Spencer for the
former to have the entire beneficial ownership of the Vehicle and for the
latter to hold it on trust for him; second, from August 2015 to January 2017,
there must have been a common intention as between Lawrence and Spencer for
Lawrence to have the entire beneficial ownership of the car and for Spencer to
hold it on trust for him; and finally, from January 2017 onwards, there must
have been a common intention as between the Plaintiff and Spencer for the
Plaintiff once again to have the entire beneficial ownership of the car and
for Spencer to hold it on trust for him.

27 Unfortunately for the Plaintiff, this convoluted narrative – which only
emerged in amendments made mid-trial – actually ran contrary to other key
portions of his own pleadings, which posited an oral agreement between the
Plaintiff and Spencer in late 2013 for the former to have the sole use and
beneficial ownership of the car and for the latter to hold it on trust solely
for him. It should be highlighted that in the Plaintiff’s original statement
of claim, the case he put forward about the arrangements with Lawrence was
that he and Lawrence had “orally agreed that in exchange for the Plaintiff
allowing Lim [Lawrence] to enjoy the use of the Vehicle during the Second
Period [September 2015 to January 2017], Lim was to make the monthly payments
[to BMW Financial Services] for the corresponding months on behalf of the
Plaintiff”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Original Statement of Claim filed 14 May 2021 at para 12.

Nothing was said in the original statement of claim about a “sale” by the
Plaintiff to Lawrence, or about Lawrence taking over “sole beneficial
ownership, possession and use of the Vehicle for an agreed price of
S$420,000.00”. The assertions about a “sale” from the Plaintiff to Lawrence
and about Lawrence assuming sole beneficial ownership of the Vehicle were only
introduced in amendments made on 12 May 2022 (ie, a year after the original
statement of claim was filed and halfway through the trial). The question
which naturally arose in the wake of this unusual development was why the
Plaintiff had failed to mention the “sale” to Lawrence and the change in
beneficial ownership to begin with.

28 To this, the Plaintiff had no intelligible answer. In the affidavit he
filed in support of his summons to amend the statement of claim mid-trial, he
claimed that he had only remembered the “exact details” of his arrangements
with Lawrence “just before affirming [his] Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief on
17 March 2022”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Er Kok Yong 8th affidavit dated 9 May 2022 at para 6.

There was no explanation given as to how his memory had suddenly – and
belatedly – been jolted nearly a year after filing his original statement of
claim. Moreover, Lawrence’s purported assumption of sole beneficial ownership
between August 2015 and January 2017 was a fundamental change in the ownership
of the Vehicle and not a mere “detail” which might have easily been forgotten.
It made no sense, in any event, that the Plaintiff’s recollection of events
occurring in the period between August 2015 and January 2017 should have
improved with the passage of more time.

29 Further, the amendments made by the Plaintiff on 12 May 2022 stated that it
was pursuant to an oral agreement between him and Lawrence that the latter had
“completely” taken over “sole beneficial ownership, possession and use” of the
Vehicle – but these amendments said nothing of Spencer’s position vis-à-vis
this alleged agreement between the Plaintiff and Lawrence. No evidence was
proffered either as to Spencer’s position vis-à-vis this alleged agreement.
This was quite incredible since Lawrence could not have taken over sole
beneficial ownership of the Vehicle for the fairly lengthy period spanning
August 2015 to January 2017 unless Spencer – as the registered owner – had
agreed to holding it on trust for Lawrence. Very oddly, the amendments also
said nothing about Spencer’s position vis-à-vis the alleged subsequent
agreement between the Plaintiff and Lawrence for the former to “take over”
once again the over “sole beneficial ownership, possession and use” of the
Vehicle in January 2017. Nor was there any evidence of Spencer’s position vis-
à-vis this alleged subsequent agreement.

30 The Plaintiff’s silence on Spencer’s response to his alleged oral
agreements with Lawrence in August 2015 and in January 2017 was perplexing. It
will be recalled that per the Plaintiff’s pleaded case, the common intention
which he and Spencer shared at the point of acquiring the Vehicle was for
Spencer to hold the Vehicle for him and for him to be the sole beneficial
owner. At no point in these proceedings did the Plaintiff ever assert that
there were changes in the common intention between him and Spencer following
the purchase of the Vehicle – and yet if his story at trial were to be
believed, there would have had to be changes in the common intention. His
inability to explain the position as between him and Spencer in the period
between August 2015 and January 2017 – and in particular, the state of the
common intention between them in this period – cast doubt on the veracity of
his narrative of a common intention constructive trust arising in his favour
at the point of purchase.

31 While it is true that common intention can be established by subsequent
conduct, including the making of direct financial contributions (Ng So Hang at
[61]), the evidence available in this case did not bear out the common
intention pleaded by the Plaintiff. While it appeared that he did pay at least
some of the monthly loan instalments due to BMW Financial Services, the
evidence given by Low Gaik Ling Elyn (“Elyn”) – who was Spencer’s personal
assistant at the material time and who had been instructed by Spencer to “keep
a record of the monthly instalments paid to BMW Financial Services” – was
that: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Low Gaik Ling Elyn AEIC dated 17 March 2022 at para 8.

The Deceased [Spencer] informed me that Jason [the Plaintiff] would be using
the Vehicle, and thus, would be responsible for the payment of the monthly
instalments of interest and capital.

32 In other words, therefore, Elyn’s evidence actually supported the
Defendants’ case, which was that even if the Plaintiff had made payment of the
car loan instalments (and for that matter, of other items such as insurance
and maintenance charges), these payments were made because he had used the
Vehicle, and not because he was its sole beneficial owner. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 6.

33 Insofar as the payment of the monthly loan instalments was concerned,
moreover, it was an inescapable fact that Lawrence had paid these loan
instalments for nearly 1.5 years between September 2015 and January 2017. This
ran contrary to the Plaintiff’s narrative of the common intention which he and
Spencer had shared for him (the Plaintiff) to enjoy sole beneficial ownership
of the Vehicle and to be “solely responsible for the contributions towards the
payment of the purchase price of the Vehicle”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC at para 5(c).

As to the Plaintiff’s attempt at trial to explain Lawrence’s payments away as
part of an oral agreement between him and Lawrence for the latter to take over
sole beneficial ownership of the Vehicle, I have pointed out earlier the
disconcerting anomalies in this later narrative (see [25] – [30] above).
Indeed, having examined the evidence available, it appeared to me that the
Plaintiff’s later story about the “sale” to Lawrence in August 2015 and the
further “sale” back from Lawrence in January 2017 was concocted specifically
as a means of addressing the incongruities presented by the evidence of
Lawrence’s payment of the car loan instalments. As I noted earlier, if this
later story were true, it made no sense for the Plaintiff to have omitted all
mention of it in his original statement of claim; and it also made no sense
for him to have omitted all mention of Spencer’s position vis-à-vis the
purported change in beneficial owners.

34 I noted that in putting forward at trial their story of the two “sales” of
the Vehicle between the two of them in August 2015 and January 2017, the
Plaintiff and Lawrence claimed that they had computed the purchase price with
reference to the then market value of the car, and that they paid each other
the “cash amount in excess of the outstanding loans”. I did not find these
claims in the least believable. Leaving aside the bare assertions made by the
two men, no objective evidence was produced of the not inconsiderable cash
payments they claimed to have made to each other; and neither man could recall
with any specificity the amounts allegedly paid. In cross-examination,
Lawrence conceded that there was no documentary evidence of these cash
payments. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript dated 5 May 2022 at p 91 ln 17 – p 92 ln 1.

It appeared to me that the Plaintiff’s and Lawrence’s evidence about having
computed the purchase price of the Vehicle and having paid each other the cash
amount in excess of outstanding loans in August 2015 and January 2017 was
merely something the pair of them had made up to give some verisimilitude to
their story of the two “sales”.

Other evidential issues in relation to the Plaintiff’s claim of a common
intention constructive trust

Adverse inference drawn against the Plaintiff

35 I make two other points about the evidence in relation to the Plaintiff’s
claim of a common intention constructive trust. The first point concerns the
absence of any evidence of his WhatsApp communications with Spencer and
Lawrence regarding the purchase and ownership of the Vehicle. While the
Plaintiff claimed that the three of them were part of a WhatsApp group chat
(“SUP”) and that his intended purchase of the car was discussed within this
group chat, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Er Kok Yong AEIC dated 17 March 2022 at para 21.

the messages from this group chat was never adduced as evidence at trial.
According to the Defendants, this must be because the Plaintiff knew that such
evidence – if adduced – would give the lie to his claims about having
discussed with Spencer the latter’s acquisition of the Vehicle and their “oral
agreement” for him to own the Vehicle beneficially. The Plaintiff and
Lawrence, on the other hand, provided the following identical explanations in
their affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”): 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Er Kok Yong AEIC dated 17 March 2022 at para 9; Lim Soon Hwa Lawrence AEIC
dated 17 March 2022 at para 9.

I should highlight that I no longer have access to the WhatsApp Group as I
have changed my phone multiple times since the Deceased’s passing. The data in
the WhatsApp Group was also not backed up.

36 Under cross-examination, however, both the Plaintiff and Lawrence changed
their story. According to Lawrence: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript dated 4 May 2022 at pp 97 – 100.

Q. According to you, the data in the WhatsApp group chat was not backed up
when you changed phones?

A. Yes, I no make -- I did not back up.

Q. So can you tell us when exactly did you lose access to the WhatsApp group
chat?

A. Probably lose the access -- I recall I think I delete the WhatsApp --
WhatsApp Group, maybe I probably delete the WhatsApp group chat after deceased
pass away one month or two weeks.

COURT: Sorry, probably or maybe you deleted the group chat maybe one month or
two weeks after Mr Tuppani passed away?

A. Two weeks.

COURT: When you say "probably" or "maybe", is this something you remember or
what?

A. Because I recall that after deceased passed away then like every time see
the group chat will make us feel sad, that's why I delete away the WhatsApp
group chat.

……

MR YEO: … Then why, at paragraph 8 of your AEIC, you say you no longer have
access to the WhatsApp group because you changed your phone?

A. I no longer because maybe I delete the WhatsApp.

Q. You agree with me that it's two different things, what you're saying on the
stand and what is in your AEIC?

A. Oh, to say that it's like -- now delete the -- probably I delete away.

COURT: Probably you deleted away?

A. Yes.

COURT: Mr Yeo is saying that in your affidavit, at paragraph 8, you said that
the reason why you no longer have access to the WhatsApp group chat is because
you changed your phone multiple times after deceased passed away and you
didn't back up the data in the WhatsApp group.

A. Mm-hmm.

COURT: But just now you told us that the reason why you no longer have access
to the group chat is because probably you deleted the group chat one month or
two weeks after deceased passed away. So, Mr Yeo is saying that's a different
reason from what you say here in paragraph 8. Do you want to clarify?

A. No. What I mean is probably I delete or I didn't update the -- backup the
data.

……

Q. Okay? I am not trying to trick you or push you into a corner. I am just
trying to find out what exactly happened. Now, in your AEIC, paragraph 8, you
say you lost access to the WhatsApp group chat because you changed your phone.
On the stand, you say you deleted it because seeing the WhatsApp group chat
"make us sad". Which is it? Which is your evidence?

A. Deleted.

Q. Okay.

A. I recall it's deleted.

[emphasis added]

37 The Plaintiff, who took the witness stand after Lawrence, adopted the
version of events which Lawrence had produced during his testimony: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript dated 5 May 2022 at p 140 lines 21 – 25 to p 142 line 3.

Q. Yesterday you were in court here, correct?

A. Yes.

Q. Yesterday when Mr Lawrence Lim was on the witness stand, I asked him about
this WhatsApp group chat. He said that the both of you deleted this WhatsApp
group chat, agree?

A. Yes.

Q. Mr Lawrence Lim said that the both of you discussed before deleting this
WhatsApp group chat, agree?

A. Yes.

Q. Mr Lawrence Lim also told us that the reason why you all deleted this group
chat was because you all felt sad when you saw the WhatsApp group chat after
Mr Tuppani had passed on, correct?

A. Yes.

Q. Can you recall when exactly did you delete this WhatsApp group chat?

A. I cannot recall the exact timing.

Q. Roughly?

A. Within three to four weeks after he passed away.

COURT: Three to four weeks after Mr Tuppani passed away?

A. Yes, your Honour.

MR YEO: Which should be in late July, early August, fair?

A. Yes.

Q. After deleting the WhatsApp group chat, there is no way to retrieve it.

A. Can you repeat your question?

Q. After deleting the WhatsApp group chat, you have no way of retrieving it,
correct?

A. Yes.

[emphasis added]

38 I found it telling that the Plaintiff and Lawrence appeared to have
difficulty keeping their story straight regarding the WhatsApp group chat
“SUP”. If it were indeed the case that they had deleted this group chat after
Spencer’s death because they felt sad whenever they looked at it, there was no
reason for them to have refrained from saying so in their AEICs and to have
instead made up a different (and false) explanation altogether. I agreed with
the Defendants that the Plaintiff’s and Lawrence’s various explanations for
the disappearance of the group chat simply could not be believed. In other
words, I found that this was not a case of the Plaintiff being unable to
produce evidence of the WhatsApp group chat: rather, it was a case of his
being unwilling to do so. In this connection, I considered whether an adverse
inference should be drawn against the Plaintiff, pursuant to s 116,
illustration (g) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Revised Edition) which states:

Court may presume existence of certain fact

116\. The court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks likely
to have happened, regard being had to the common course of natural events,
human conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to the facts
of the particular case.

…

(g) that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it;

39 In considering the application of this provision, I found guidance in the
reasoning of the court in Mohamed Amin bin Mohamed Taib and others v Lim Choon
Thye and others [2011] 2 SLR 343 (“Mohamed Amin”). This was a case concerning
a hearing on costs following the substantive outcome of Originating Summons No
17 of 2008 (“OS 17/2008”), in which the plaintiff subsidiary proprietors had
succeeded in their appeal to the High Court have the decision of the Strata
Titles Board set aside. Upon the matter being remitted to the Strata Titles
Board for a fresh hearing, the plaintiffs’ application for approval of the
collective sale and purchase agreement (“SPA”) was dismissed by the Board on
the ground that the SPA was unstamped. When the parties reappeared before the
High Court to address the issue of the costs of OS 17/2008, the plaintiffs
argued that since they had succeeded in the substantive appeal in OS 17/2008,
they were entitled to their costs. The defendant subsidiary proprietors
argued, on the other hand, that the plaintiffs should be deprived of their
costs in the appeal because they had failed to ensure the stamping of the SPA.
In addition, the defendants submitted that the nature of the fee-paying
arrangement between the plaintiffs and their solicitors was such that the
plaintiffs were not obliged to pay the latter costs for conducting the action
on their behalf. The plaintiffs refused, however, to disclose the terms of
their retainer, on the basis that this was covered by privilege.

40 The High Court in Mohamed Amin ruled that there would be no order as to
costs. In so ruling, the court noted that the plaintiffs’ own evidence
suggested that there had been an agreement by their solicitors not to charge
them. While the court could not compel the production of the plaintiffs’
retainer, where a real and relevant dispute of fact arose in argument over
costs, the court would require the party claiming costs to prove the facts on
which he relied; and it would be for that party to choose what evidence he
would adduce and to what extent he would waive his privilege. In Mohamed Amin,
the plaintiffs’ refusal to waive their privilege and to disclose the terms of
their retainer constituted a failure to prove a fact that was especially
within their knowledge. No explanation was provided for their failure. There
was thus sufficient ground for the court to draw an adverse inference against
them pursuant to s 116, illustration (g) and illustration (h) of the Evidence
Act (at [26] – [31] of Mohamed Amin).

41 In the present case, the Plaintiff was the one who had claimed that his
discussions with Spencer on the acquisition and ownership of the Vehicle took
place, inter alia, within their WhatsApp group chat. As I have explained,
given the glaring inconsistencies and oddities in his evidence (and
Lawrence’s) regarding the unavailability of the group chat, I found that he
was in fact unwilling to produce the group chat. In the circumstances, it
should be presumed that evidence of this group chat – if given – would be
unfavourable to the Plaintiff’s claims about his alleged discussions with
Spencer.

The 1st Defendant’s initial acknowledgements of the Plaintiff’s interest in
the Vehicle

42 Finally, I add that although the Plaintiff made much of the 1st Defendant
Shyller’s admission that she had – following Spencer’s death – initially
acknowledged his interest in the Vehicle before doing an about-face, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 24 June 2022 at paras 47 – 53.

I did not find this to be fatal to the Defendants’ defence. Shyller was able
to provide an explanation for her initial conduct: namely, that she had not
had the opportunity, at that point, to go through Spencer’s financial records
and had trusted, at that point, what her lawyer Mr Mahtani Bhagwandas
(“Mahtani”) told her. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 24 June 2022 at paras 37 – 38.

I found her explanation to be reasonable and entirely believable. Spencer had,
after all, died at her father’s hands; and in the days which followed his
death, she was clearly preoccupied not only with trying to come to grips with
estate matters but also with the criminal proceedings against her father. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript dated 4 May 2022 at ln 4 – 22.

The ownership of the BMW M6 would not have been uppermost in her mind during
that period of time. I did not find it at all surprising that she should have
initially accepted whatever she was told by the Plaintiff and by Mahtani about
the ownership of the Vehicle, nor did I find it sinister that she should have
subsequently changed her position after carrying out her own review of
Spencer’s financial records.

43 In sum, I found that the Plaintiff was unable to prove he had sole
beneficial ownership of the Vehicle pursuant to a common intention
constructive trust.

Whether there was a resulting trust

44 I address next the Plaintiff’s alternative claim of resulting trust. As
seen earlier, this alternative claim was based on the assertion that he had
made “made all financial contributions [for the Vehicle] and [Spencer] did not
do so”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOC at para 17.

Having examined the evidence adduced, however, I found that the Plaintiff
could not discharge the burden of proving he had made “all financial
contributions” for the Vehicle.

45 First, the objective documentary evidence showed that Spencer had made a
considerable number of payments towards the purchase of the car. The Plaintiff
himself admitted that it was Spencer who paid Munich Automobiles the initial
deposit of $30,000 on 19 February 2014; and it was also Spencer who made a
credit card payment of $236,000 to Munich Automobiles on 26 February 2014. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Er Kok Yong AEIC dated 17 March 2022 at para 30.

Conversely, the Plaintiff’s assertion that he had reimbursed Spencer in cash
for these payments was not borne out by the evidence. According to the
Plaintiff’s pleaded case, as at February 2014, he had already paid Spencer a
total of $266,000 to reimburse the latter for payments made in that period. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC at para 7.

In cross-examination, he belatedly changed his position and claimed that the
amount was $260,000 instead. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript dated 6 May 2022 at p 99 lines 10 – 25.

However, not only did Spencer’s bank statements fail to reveal cash deposits
totalling this alleged sum of $260,000, as the Defendants observed, there was
no evidence to show that the Plaintiff’s cash withdrawals were connected to
payments to Spencer. Critically, the Plaintiff claimed in his affidavit that
he had given Spencer $266,000.00 before 19 February 2014, but in cross-
examination, he was unable to explain why the sum of $30,000.00 which alleged
formed part of the $266,000.00 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript dated 6 May 2022 at p 101 lines 12 – 25.

was only withdrawn one week later, on 26 February 2014. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Er Kok Yong AEIC dated 17 March 2022 at paras 29 and 30.

I reproduce below the Plaintiff’s answers when asked about this anomaly:

Q: Paragraphs 29 and 30. All right?

A: Yes.

Q: Look at the two paragraphs. Now, reading the two paragraphs together, it is
clear that you gave or you say you gave Spencer Tuppani 266,000 before 19
February, correct?

A: Yes.

Q: But the 30,000, which forms or is supposed to form part of the 266,000, was
only withdrawn by you on 26 February. Can you explain this?

A: What I mean is this cheque shows that I have the money at the point of
time. Maybe I can take from my father 30,000, then I go and withdraw, then I
take from my father 30,000, make it the sum of this, pass to Spencer, then
after that I withdraw this money, pass back to my father. This is what I mean.

COURT: Sorry, what do you mean "Maybe I can take from my father 30,000, then I
go and withdraw and give back to my father"?

A: No --

COURT: Are you saying -- wait, wait. Are you saying that this is actually what
happened?

A: I cannot really recall the whole incident.

MR CHIOK: Mr Er, just now you volunteered about how you may have taken from
your father. Do you recall that? You just said it.

A: Yes.

Q: Is that what really happened or are you speculating?

A: You mean the 96,000?

COURT: No. Just now what you said about "Maybe I can take 30,000 from my
father, then I give it to Spencer, then I withdraw 30,000 and pay back to my
father", Mr Chiok is asking you to confirm is that what actually happened in
this case, or are you just speculating?

A: I think so, but I cannot confirm.

COURT: You think so what?

A: The money, maybe I can take from my father, but I cannot confirm.

COURT: I don't understand what you mean when you say "Maybe I can take from my
father but I cannot confirm". So is this what actually happened?

A: Yes.

COURT: "Yes" meaning what?

A: Yes, I take the money from my father.

COURT: Are you saying now you remember that you took 30,000 from your father,
gave it to Spencer, then withdrew 30,000 and paid it back to your father?

A: Yes.

46 Even from the relatively short extract above, it could be seen that the
Plaintiff was glib, evasive and prone to invention. Pressed to explain the
fact that his withdrawal of $30,000 had only occurred on 26 February 2014, he
first volunteered a version of events in which he had taken $30,000 from his
father to pay Spencer before withdrawing the same amount from his own account
and returning it to his father. This was a version of events which had never
been mentioned in his AEIC. When asked to elaborate, he promptly declared
himself unable to remember – only to fall back on the story about taking the
money from his father when it became clear that he had no other explanation as
to why his own withdrawal of the $30,000 had come about on 26 February 2014.

47 Further and in any event, even if I were to ignore the fact that the
Plaintiff’s withdrawal of $30,000 took place only after he had allegedly paid
Spencer the sum of $266,000 in cash, no evidence could be found to show that
the amount of $30,000 was conveyed to Spencer either in the form of cash or
via a cheque deposited into Spencer’s bank account. Indeed, this was the case
for the rest of the cash withdrawals from the Plaintiff’s accounts, which
allegedly made up the sum of $260,000.00 paid to Spencer in cash: in cross-
examination, the Plaintiff himself conceded that leaving aside the bare
assertions in his AEIC, there was no evidence to show that he had passed
Spencer such a sum in cash. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript dated 6 May 2022 at p 105 lines 12 – 16.

Although counsel for the Plaintiff sought to suggest to Shyller in cross-
examination that the total cash amount of $222,280 deposited in Spencer’s
Citibank account between 10 February 2014 and 11 April 2014 came from the
Plaintiff paying Spencer cash during this period, this suggestion was
unsupported by any evidence: not even the Plaintiff himself made any mention
of it whether in his AEIC or in oral testimony. Indeed, this suggestion
contradicted the Plaintiff’s assertion that he had paid Spencer $260,000 in
February 2014 via two cash withdrawals of $100,000 each, a cash withdrawal of
$30,000 on 26 February 2014, and another sum of $30,000 from cash he had in
hand.

48 I add that although the purchase price of the Vehicle was pleaded by the
Plaintiff as being $566,000, this turned out to be incorrect, as evidence
adduced at trial established that the purchase price was in fact $601,800. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 24 June 2022 at para 33.

There was no credible evidence to show that the Plaintiff had paid this entire
amount.

49 Finally, although the Plaintiff expended a considerable amount of time
seeking to prove the 2nd Defendant Sherry’s alleged attempt to list the
registration plate number EK 9J for sale, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 24 June 2022 at paras 47 – 53.

this matter was in my view completely irrelevant to his case of common
intention constructive trust and/or resulting trust in respect of the Vehicle.
Even assuming for the sake of argument that Sherry had listed the registration
plate number EK 9J for sale, this did not in any way advance the Plaintiff’s
case of common intention constructive trust and/or resulting trust in respect
of the Vehicle.

50 Given the unsatisfactory state of the Plaintiff’s evidence, I found that he
was also unable to discharge the burden of proving the existence of a
resulting trust which gave him sole beneficial ownership of the Vehicle. Based
on the evidence available, it appeared to me more likely than not that insofar
as the Plaintiff – and for that matter, Lawrence – had paid some of the
instalments of the car loan and/or some of the insurance charges as well as
maintenance and other related costs, they had made these payments to cover the
periods when they were using the Vehicle – as per the Defendants’ pleaded
case.

Whether the Plaintiff was liable to account to the Defendants for the amount
of $1,108,076 on the basis of a “presumed resulting trust”

51 I address next the Defendants’ counterclaim against the Plaintiff in
respect of the aggregate amount of $1,108,076 paid by Spencer to the Plaintiff
over a period from August 2014 to May 2017. The Defendants claimed that the
Plaintiff held these monies on “a presumed resulting trust” for them (which I
understood to be really a claim that the monies were being held on trust for
Spencer’s estate). 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 18.

They prayed for a declaration that he held the sum of $1,108,076 on trust for
them (the Defendants); as well as an order that the Plaintiff account to them
for this sum of $1,108,076, and a further order that he pay this sum to them
“or such amount as the Court may deem just”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at pg 7.

52 I did not think there was any serious controversy about the fact that the
monies were paid by Spencer into the Plaintiff’s UOB account 373-303-389-2. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at p 165.

In this connection, although the Plaintiff’s counsel highlighted in the course
of the trial that the monies paid by Spencer were mixed with other monies in
the Plaintiff’s UOB account, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript dated 6 May 2022 at p 145 ln 17 – 22.

neither the Plaintiff’s counsel nor the Defendants’ counsel followed up with
any substantive legal arguments on this point. If the Plaintiff’s counsel was
attempting to suggest that such mixing of funds per se precluded a resulting
trust from arising, I did not think this could be correct as a matter of
principle (see eg, In re Oatway [1903] 2 Ch. 356); nor did the Plaintiff’s
counsel cite any authorities which might support such a proposition.

The argument of time-bar

53 Having said that, the Defendants’ counterclaim – or a substantial portion
of their counterclaim – did face a fundamental objection in the form of the
Plaintiff’s pleaded defence of time-bar. In this connection, as both parties
in the present case acknowledged, our courts have previously held that the
Limitation Act applies to resulting trusts. In Lim Ah Leh v Heng Fook Lin
[2018] SGHC 156 (“Lim Ah Leh”) at [162] – [174] (upheld on appeal), the High
Court – citing its previous decision in Tan Chin Hoon and others v Tan Choo
Suan and others [2016] 1 SLR 1150 (“Tan Chin Hoon”) – noted that s 2 of the
Limitation Act defined the terms “trust” and “trustee” as “[having] the same
meanings as in the Trustees Act [Cap. 337]”. This was a reference to s 3 of
the Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005 Rev Ed), which defines the terms “trust” and
“trustees” as including “implied and constructive trusts, and ... cases where
the trustee has a beneficial interest in the trust property, and to the duties
incident to the office of a personal representative”. In both Tan Chin Soon
(at [249] – [250]) and Lim Ah Leh (at [163] – [167]), the High Court held that
although this definition did not include resulting trusts, it was an inclusive
definition and not an exhaustive one; and in the court’s view, the weight of
authority suggested that resulting trusts were dealt with on the same footing
as express and constructive trusts for the purposes of the section.

54 Both parties in the present case also acknowledged that our courts have
previously held that a beneficiary’s action for an account is caught by s 6(2)
of the Limitation Act applies. In Lim Ah Leh, the court – citing the CA’s
decision in Yong Kheng Leong and another v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd and another
[2013] 1 SLR 173 (at [69]) – held that “section 6(7) of the Limitation Act
makes clear that s 6(2) applies to the remedy of an account in equity as it
does to the remedy of an account at common law, and… it does so regardless of
whether the claim for an account in equity is founded on a common law right or
an equitable right” (at [168] – [174] of Lim Ah Leh):

…(T)he six-year limitation in s 6(2) of the Limitation Act applies to a
beneficiary’s action against a trustee for an account unless the beneficiary
can bring himself within one of the exceptions set out in s 22 of the
Limitation Act. So if the plaintiff in this case cannot bring himself within
those exceptions, he can obtain an account only of the defendant’s dealings
with trust property which she received in the past six years before he
commenced this action.

55 In the present case, the Defendants’ counterclaim was filed on 3 June 2021.
As such, unless they could bring themselves within one of the exceptions set
out in s 22(1) of the Limitation Act, claims in respect of payments made by
Spencer prior to 3 June 2015 were barred by s 6(2) of the Limitation Act.

56 Per their amended defence, the Defendants pleaded reliance on s 22(1)(b) of
the Limitation Act: according to the Defendants, the $1,108,076 “remain[ed] in
the possession of the Plaintiff”, or alternatively, the monies had been
“received by the Plaintiff and converted to his own use”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) at para 19.

The burden lay on the Defendants to satisfy me that the Plaintiff was still in
possession of the $1,108,076 or that he had converted these monies to his own
use (Lim Ah Leh at [240]).

57 Having considered parties’ submissions and the evidence before me, however,
I found that the Defendants were unable to establish the Plaintiff’s
possession of the $1,108,076. As with the plaintiff in Lim Ah Leh, so too the
Defendants in this case failed entirely to adduce any evidence to show that
the monies were still in the Plaintiff’s possession at the time they commenced
the counterclaim against him. As the High Court in Lim Ah Leh pointed out (at
[242]), “(t)he fact that a trustee has received trust money cannot, in itself,
justify an inference that the trustee is still in possession of trust money” –
all the more so when the monies were said to have been deposited in the
Plaintiff’s account at different intervals ranging from four to seven years
prior to the counterclaim being filed.

58 I also found that the Defendants could not establish the Plaintiff’s
alleged conversion of the said monies. Again, the Defendants adduced no
evidence at all of the alleged conversion. The only piece of evidence the
Defendants pointed to was an answer given by the Plaintiff in cross-
examination where he had stated: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript dated 6 May 2022 at p 126 ln 10 – 18.

To be honest, when my lawyers show me this amount, right, this is happen
eight, nine years ago, I have no idea what these… at that point of time, I
have no idea what these amounts were for because I believe this amount is all
my money and after it’s deposit to my bank, I withdraw. I spend, and after
that, Spencer never asked me back for the money any more, after 2014. So I
believe this money is all mine.

59 I did not think the above answer by the Plaintiff assisted the Defendants
in any way to prove that he had converted the monies deposited by Spencer in
his UOB account. It must be pointed out that this answer was given in response
to a question by the Defendants’ counsel as to the reason(s) why the
Plaintiff’s explanation about the payments from Spencer being “loan
repayments” was put forward only for “the first time…in the court documents”.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript dated 6 May 2022 at p 126 ln 4 – 9.

Given the context, I understood the Plaintiff’s answer to be in effect a
statement that he actually had no recollection (or “no idea”, as he put it)
what the purpose of Spencer’s payments was and he believed the monies in the
UOB account to be his own monies. I did not think this answer per se was
enough for me to conclude that when the Plaintiff spent monies from the UOB
account, he must have used the trust monies – ie, the deposits from Spencer –
to pay for such expenditure.

60 In this respect, the Defendants’ position was not dissimilar from that of
the plaintiff beneficiary in Lim Ah Leh. In that case, the plaintiff – in
seeking to rely on the conversion limb under s 22(1)(b) of the Limitation Act
– had argued that the defendant must have used trust money to pay for her own
investments because she did not herself have the financial resources to pay
for investments such as shares and foreign commercial property. Some evidence
was adduced by the plaintiff of the cost of those investments as well as the
overdrawn state of the defendant’s bank account at the time of her purchase of
the foreign commercial property. The court was asked to infer that the
defendant must therefore have used trust money to pay for these purchases.
However, the court declined to draw such inference and instead rejected the
plaintiff’s allegation for want of evidence (Lim Ah Leh at [225] – [226]). In
the present case, as I have noted, the Defendants adduced no evidence at all
of the alleged conversion: they could point only to the Plaintiff’s receipt of
the various sums (a fact insufficient in itself to suggest conversion, let
alone to prove it), as well as one of the answers he gave in cross-examination
(an answer both vague and taken out of context).

61 For the reasons set out above, I found that the Defendants were unable to
rely on either the possession limb or the conversion limb of s 22(1)(b) of the
Limitation Act; that s 6(2) therefore applied to monies paid by Spencer in
2014; and that the Defendants’ counterclaim in respect of the five 2014
payments was time-barred.

Counterclaim for the remaining three payments made between 21 October 2015 and
23 May 2017

62 Leaving aside the time-barred 2014 payments, I address next the remaining
three payments made between 21 October 2015 and 23 May 2017. These three
payments made up a total of $203,600.

63 At the outset, as I noted earlier, I did not think it could be seriously
disputed that these three payments were in fact made by Spencer to the
Plaintiff’s UOB account. In gist, to recapitulate, the Defendants wanted a
declaration that the Plaintiff held the amounts on trust for them; and they
also wanted the Plaintiff to give an account of the monies received and then
to pay back these amounts “or such amount as the court may deem just”.

64 I should first make it clear that I was unable to accept the Plaintiff’s
explanation (in the alternative) that the monies from Spencer were repayments
of loans from the Plaintiff. This was because leaving aside self-serving bare
assertions, the Plaintiff could not produce any evidence of these purportedly
substantial loans. Indeed, he could not even be certain of the amount he had
lent Spencer: at one point in cross-examination, he stated that he had lent
Spencer “close to a million”, but was unable to say what the balance amount of
$108,076 Spencer might have been for. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript dated 6 May 2022 at p 127 ln 9 – p 128 ln 22.

As seen above (at [58]), he also conceded at one point in cross-examination
that he no longer had any idea what the various amounts deposited by Spencer
were for because these transactions had taken place some years ago. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript dated 6 May 2022 at p 126 ln 10 – 18.

65 Unfortunately, the Defendants appeared to assume that so long as they could
show the payment of monies by Spencer to the Plaintiff, a resulting trust
would be established, and this would entitle them to the reliefs they sought.
I did not think this could be right.

66 First, as I alluded to earlier, the presumption of a resulting is but a
mere presumption. This presumption does not operate in cases where there is
direct evidence revealing the intention of parties: in essence, the
presumption is “no more than a long stop to provide the answer when the
relevant facts and circumstances fail to yield a solution”: Lau Siew Kim v Yeo
Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 at [36]. Moreover, as Lord
Browne-Wilkinson made clear in Westdeutsche (at p 708), the presumption is
“easily rebutted either by the counter-presumption of advancement or by direct
evidence of A’s [the transferor or payor] intention to make an outright
transfer”.

67 In the present case, the Defendants relied on the mere fact that Spencer
had transferred these monies to the Plaintiff, without more: they did not
adduce any evidence at all (whether in the form of text and WhatsApp messages,
emails, or other documentary evidence) of the circumstances or the context in
which these transfers were made. Against this, there was the undeniable fact
that Spencer had for years made various fund transfers to the Plaintiff
without apparently requesting any repayment at any point in time – or even
maintaining a clear record of these fund transfers. The complete absence of
any such documentation should be contrasted with Spencer’s conduct in relation
to the BMW M6 car, where there was evidence that Spencer had instructed Elyn
to maintain detailed records of instalment payments made by the Plaintiff
towards the vehicle loan in Spencer’s name, for the periods that the Plaintiff
was using the car (see [31] above). If Spencer had in fact always intended
that the Plaintiff should not have the benefit of the funds transferred into
his account, it seemed to me quite unbelievable that Spencer should have
omitted to maintain similarly clear records of the transfers and the repayment
details.

68 In the circumstances, even setting aside the Plaintiff’s alternative story
of loan repayments and even without a presumption of advancement in his
favour, what evidence I could actually see of Spencer’s conduct over the
period in which the fund transfers were made spoke to an intention to make
outright transfers. In other words, even assuming the Defendants were able to
rely on a presumption of resulting trust based on the mere fact of funds
having been transferred by Spencer to the Plaintiff, such a presumption was in
my view capable of being rebutted when all the evidence available was weighed
up in the balance.

69 I add that the present case was unusual because of the dearth of any
evidence proffered by the party purporting to claim the benefit of a resulting
trust. While it might seem tempting to sympathise with the practical
difficulties the Defendants faced in mustering evidence relating to the fund
transfers, to allow them to succeed on their resulting trust claim would have
potentially unsettling repercussions beyond the present case. In Chan Yuen
Lan, the CA took the view (at [44] and [48]) that the lack-of-intention
analysis might provide a more sensible basis for the principled and pragmatic
development of the equitable doctrine of resulting trusts – but notably, the
court also cautioned against an “unduly wide doctrine of resulting trusts”
which could potentially blur the “distinction between claims based on unjust
enrichment and claims based on resulting trusts” and cause “unsettling effects
on the rights of third parties and the security of commercial transactions”.
Some academics such as Birks, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Peter Birks, “Restitution and Resulting Trusts” in Equity: Contemporary Legal
Developments (Stephen R. Goldstein, ed) (Harry and Michael Sacher Institute
for Legislative Research and Comparative Law, the Hebrew University of
Jerusalem, 1992), cited in Westdeutsche at p 689.

and even Chambers himself, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Robert Chambers, “Resulting Trusts and the Law of Restitution” (DPhil Thesis,
submitted 1995).

have advanced the argument that the resulting trust is an appropriate response
to unjust enrichment claims. However, this argument has not been judicially
endorsed: in Westdeutsche, for example, Lord Goff declined to grant a
declaration of a resulting trust over money which had been paid pursuant to a
void contract.

70 For the reasons explained, I was not minded to grant the Defendants a
declaration that the Plaintiff held the sum of $1,108, 076.00 on trust for
them.

71 Further, and in any event, even assuming the existence of a presumed
resulting trust, the Defendants still bore the burden of proving that the
Plaintiff – as a trustee under a presumed resulting trust – owed them
fiduciary duties including the duty to account for the monies: Lim Ah Leh at
[138], citing the CA’s decision in Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another
and other appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 (“Tan Yok Koon”).

72 In Tan Yok Koon, the CA reviewed a number of authorities and academic texts
in detail before coming to the following conclusions:

205 …First, there is no one set of obligations that pertains to all
fiduciaries – not even persons who undertake those obligations in the course
of an express trusteeship. This is a fortiori the case for resulting trustees,
if they do indeed owe fiduciary duties at all. If we recall Prof Finn’s
observations (see above at [193]), the finding of a resulting trust is only
part – in fact, the beginning – of the analysis as to whether and what
fiduciary duties are owed. Second, these obligations are entered into
voluntarily and such a finding will be arrived at by objectively assessing the
conduct of the person who is said to be a fiduciary. The precise content of
these duties are to be deduced from the surrounding circumstances, including,
and especially, any relationship between the parties. Third, there is no doubt
that express trustees owe fiduciary duties. The duty to perform the trust
honestly and to act in good faith for the benefit of the beneficiaries is at
the same time an irreducible core duty of the trust and a duty that is
fiduciary in nature. In this context, the fiduciary duty arises not from the
trustee-beneficiary relationship per se, but from the voluntary undertaking to
the settlor to manage the trust property not for the trustee’s own benefit but
for the benefit of the beneficiaries. Fourth, the situation with regard to
resulting trustees evidently poses more problems. Resulting trusts arise in at
least two situations, possibly more. It can be seen, especially from Prof
Chambers’s work (see above at [200]), that resulting trustees can be located
on a continuum. At one end are the innocent recipients of property, and at the
other end are recipients of property which forms the subject of a failed
express trust. It is therefore conceivable that a person who becomes a
resulting trustee on the basis of a failed express trust may still owe
fiduciary duties; we agree with Prof Chambers and Prof Virgo that it is
generally difficult to say that that undertaking to act in another’s benefit –
or in more abstract terms the undertaking to act in self-denial – should cease
when that express trust fails. However, it may well be the case that the
precise obligations which are owed to the settlor-beneficiary in a resulting
trust are different from (and almost invariably narrower than) those owed in
respect of the beneficiaries in an express trust.

206 The real question, in our view, is whether, objectively speaking, the
resulting trustee can be said to have undertaken (whether expressly or
impliedly) to act in a particular way which is fiduciary in nature. In this
regard, the knowledge that one does not hold the beneficial interest in the
property is, while not a sufficient condition by itself, strictly necessary
because the conscience cannot otherwise be affected in a way that equity can
take cognisance of. The duties that are applicable to each resulting trustee
will vary significantly, and are very fact-specific. The duties owed by a
resulting trustee to the settlor-beneficiary will, however, almost invariably
be narrower than the duties owed by an express trustee in relation to the
beneficiaries.

207 It should be noted that the fact that a fiduciary duty may be imposed on a
fact-specific basis ought not to be perceived as being arbitrary in any way.
In addition to the perceptive observations by Prof Finn (see above at [193]),
the observations by Justice Edelman (see above at [193]) might also be
usefully noted – at least in so far as both observations suggest that the mere
existence of a fiduciary relationship, without more, would not necessarily
give rise to fiduciary duties. As we shall see in a moment, the facts and
circumstances are also of the first importance in order to ascertain whether
or not a fiduciary duty ought to be imposed even where there already exists an
established fiduciary relationship between the parties concerned.

[emphasis added]

73 Bearing in mind the CA’s injunction that the duties applicable to each
resulting trustee “will vary significantly” and are “very fact-specific”, the
onus is on the plaintiff claiming the benefit of the resulting trust in each
case to adduce enough evidence of the specific fiduciary duties applicable to
the defendant resulting trustee and to establish the defendant’s alleged
breach of these fiduciary duties and their own entitlement to the reliefs
sought. Thus, for example, in Lim Ah Leh, the High Court found that the
plaintiff beneficiary in that case was able to establish that there was a duty
on the defendant’s part to account because, inter alia, he was able to show
that he had an ongoing arrangement with the defendant for the latter to assist
him in managing and investing the monies he paid her; that he reposed a high
degree of trust in her to manage and invest his money; and that between 1993
and 2007 the defendant had updated him on the status of his investments
whenever he asked for information. Even then, the court found the plaintiff’s
claim time-barred; and the court held in addition that quite apart from the
time-bar, it would have exercised its discretion not to order the defendant to
render an account to the plaintiff because it would have been oppressive to do
so.

74 In the present case, although the Defendants pleaded in their counterclaim
that the Plaintiff was “now liable to account” to them for the amounts paid to
him, they did not plead any material facts which went towards establishing the
Plaintiff’s alleged assumption of fiduciary duties including the duty to give
an account. Nor was there any evidence adduced by the Defendants to
demonstrate the Plaintiff’s assumption of such fiduciary duties. Indeed, both
in her AEIC and her oral testimony, the 1st Defendant Shyller appeared to take
it for granted that because the Plaintiff had received these funds from
Spencer, it must ipso facto follow that he had a duty to account for the
monies – when in fact the onus was on her to prove that the Plaintiff had
assumed such fiduciary duties. It might well be that given the passage of
time, the Defendants found it challenging to locate evidence showing the true
nature of the dealings between Spencer and the Plaintiff. It might also not be
wholly unexpected for the Defendants to feel that the Plaintiff, as the person
who received the monies from Spencer, should be the one obliged to give an
explanation as to any use made of the monies. However, the fact remained that
as Defendants were the plaintiffs in the counterclaim and as they had put
forward a case of resulting trust, they bore both the legal burden and the
evidential burden of proving the elements of their case. To shift that
evidential burden to the Plaintiff (who was the defendant in the
counterclaim), the Defendants had first to produce at least some evidence (not
inherently incredible) of the existence on the Plaintiff’s part of fiduciary
duties, including the duty to account (see eg, Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith &
Associates Far East, Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855 at [60]). The failure to adduce
any evidence at all in this respect was, in my view, fatal to the Defendants’
case.

75 By way of a final observation on the evidence: I noted that there was some
evidence adduced in the course of the trial which suggested that Spencer and
the Plaintiff had been jointly involved in a number of businesses; and that
these businesses included – according to Spencer’s former solicitor Mahtani –
the junket business. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript dated 10 May 2022 at p 20 ln 13 – 25.

This was a business which the Plaintiff described as being largely cash-based,
since it involved frequent transfers of cash to and from the junket operator’s
customers. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript dated 6 May 2022 at p 141 ln 9 – p 143 ln 15.

It was not clear to me whether Spencer’s and the Plaintiff’s involvement in
the junket business provided an explanation of some sort for the various sums
of money transferred by Spencer to the latter’s bank account at various points
in time; and the Plaintiff did not follow up on this part of his narrative, at
least in relation to the counterclaim in S 438 (perhaps unsurprisingly in view
of his concerns over IRAS’ scrutiny of his sources of income and cash flow).
Ultimately, I did not make any firm findings in this respect, since it was not
necessary for me to come to any finding on the specific reason(s) for the
funds transfers made by Spencer.

76 Given my findings at [51] to [75] above, I concluded that the Defendants’
counterclaim in S 438 could not be sustained; and I accordingly dismissed
their counterclaim.

Conclusion

77 In light of the decision I arrived at on both the claim and the
counterclaim in S 438, I was of the view that in all fairness, the Plaintiff
and the Defendants should each bear their own costs of these proceedings. I
therefore ordered that the Plaintiff and the Defendants should each bear their
own costs of the proceedings in S 438.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Oommen Mathew and See Wern Hao (Omni Law LLC) for the plaintiff;

Chiok Beng Piow and Margaret Lee Hui Zhen (AM Legal LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 10 Mar 2023 (17:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

