Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 139

Suit No 160 of 2021

Between

| Government of the City of Buenos Aires  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| HN Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Nicholas Eng Teng Cheng  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies — Incorporation of companies — Lifting corporate veil]

[Conflict of Laws — Choice of law — Contract]

[Contract — Breach]

[Contract — Frustration]

[Contract — Termination]

[Contract — Waiver]

[Tort — Misrepresentation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Government of the City of Buenos Aires

  
v

  

HN Singapore Pte Ltd and another

[2023] SGHC 139

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 160 of 2021  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
29–30 November, 1–2 December 2022, 10 February 2023

12 May 2023 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 At the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic, governments across the world went
into action to control the spread of the novel coronavirus, minimise morbidity
and mortality, as well as keep their public health systems afloat. Testing and
detection of the virus were par for the course, and consequently, demand for
rapid virus detection test kits surged. Correspondingly, there was much
business to be made by manufacturers, middlemen and suppliers. This case
concerns a transaction between the Government of the City of Buenos Aires and
a Singapore company for the supply of Covid-19 test kits. The plaintiff
government sought to acquire test kits for its people and the defendant
company sought to make a profit. The subsequent non-delivery of the test kits
gave rise to the present dispute.

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff is the Government of the City of Buenos Aires, Argentina. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) (“SOC”) dd 29 November 2022
at para 1.

Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina and an autonomous city with a
population of about 15 million.

3 The first defendant, HN Singapore Pte Ltd (“HN Singapore”), is a company
incorporated by Mr Nicholas Eng Teng Cheng (“Mr Eng”) in Singapore on 9
September 2016. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at paras 2–3, particulars (1) of SOC.

According to Mr Eng, HN Singapore was incorporated as a vehicle to carry out
the business of import and export of goods, and to provide consultancy
services. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 6–7.

Since its incorporation, HN Singapore had only imported goods, and did not
successfully export goods. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript (2 December 2022) at p 14 lines14–24.

4 The second defendant is Mr Eng, a Singapore citizen. At all times, Mr Eng
has been the sole director and shareholder of HN Singapore. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 3; Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 6.

Background to the dispute

The Covid-19 epidemic in Argentina

5 In March 2020, a health emergency was declared in Argentina due to the
unfolding Covid-19 pandemic. On or about 19 March 2020, a nationwide lockdown
was imposed in Argentina.

6 By the end of March 2020, the Ministry of Health of the plaintiff proposed a
health strategy to stop the spread of Covid-19 quickly. A key pillar of this
strategy was to acquire rapid virus detection test kits. As there was a global
shortage of supplies, the plaintiff publicly sourced test kits by informally
contacting manufacturers and distributors of these test kits, both nationally
and internationally, and requested them to present their proposals for the
supply of test kits. This Health Emergency framework was established by Urgent
Necessity Decrees under Argentine law and termed the “[p]rocurement of rapid
test kits for the identification of antibodies to the new coronavirus
(COVID-19)”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at paras 6–7; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at
paras 4–5 and p 101.

Contract formation and the parties’ contractual relationship

7 Parties dispute whether the plaintiff or Mr Eng and/or HN Singapore
initiated contact with the other party. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 6; Defendant’s Defence and Counterclaim
(“DCC”) dd 19 March 2021 at para 10.

However, it is undisputed that on 23 March 2020, Mr Borja Seward (“Mr
Seward”), a contact of Mr Eng, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 8.

sent an email to Mr Guido Sirna (“Mr Sirna”). Mr Seward introduced Mr Eng as
“working with commodities and supplies (Medicine, is one of them) [sic]”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 8; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022
at para 6 and MT-2 p 28.

Subsequently, Mr Sirna passed Mr Eng’s contact to Mr Juan Manuel Paleo (“Mr
Juan”), an employee of the plaintiff. On 27 March 2020, Mr Juan sent a message
to Mr Eng via Whatsapp, expressing the plaintiff’s interest in purchasing
500,000 units of Covid-19 test kits manufactured by Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech
Co., Ltd (“Wondfo”), a company in the People’s Republic of China (“China”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 8–9 and pp 35–40.

8 On 27 March 2020, Mr Eng sent a letter of offer for the sale of Covid-19
test kits to the plaintiff through Mr Juan and Ms Marisa Andrea Tojo (“Ms
Tojo”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 9 and 11; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7
November 2022 at para 6 and MT-3.

Ms Tojo is employed by the plaintiff as the General Director of Purchasing and
Contracting. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at para 1.

9 On 29 March 2020, Mr Santiago Costabel, the General Director of the Medical
Supplies Office of the plaintiff (“Mr Santiago”), sent an email to Mr Eng
requesting a formal offer from HN Singapore in order to carry out the
transaction. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 12 and pp 78–79.

On the same day, Mr Eng sent via email a proposed sale and purchase agreement
dated 29 March 2020 to Mr Santiago, containing the same terms as the earlier
letter of offer (“the Proposed SPA”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 5; Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 29 September 2022 at para 12
and pp 80–81; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at para 11 and MT-5.

Among other things, the Proposed SPA set out the following terms:

(a) 500,000 Covid-19 test kits would be sold.

(b) The test kits would be of Chinese origin, from a specific Wondfo factory
in China and of the Wondfo brand.

(c) The cost per unit of each test kit varied depending on: (i) whether the
test kits were “CIF” or “FOB”; and (ii) whether the test kits were in Chinese
or English packaging.

(d) The delivery time would be 10(+10) days upon payment.

10 On 31 March 2020, the plaintiff signed an administrative act,
Administrative Resolution No. RESOL-2020-88-GCABA-SSASS (the “Administrative
Act”), to award HN Singapore the contract for the procurement of rapid test
kits for Covid-19. This award was pursuant to Law No 2095, Article 28 Section
8 of Argentine law, and its Regulatory Decree No 168-GCABA/19, as amended by
Decree No. 207-GCABA/19. The Administrative Act was based on the terms set out
in the Proposed SPA. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at para 12 and MT-6 p 101.

11 On 2 April 2020, the plaintiff informed the defendants by email that HN
Singapore was awarded the contract to supply the plaintiff with Covid-19 test
kits. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 18 and pp 118–119; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd
7 November 2022 at MT-7 p 105.

The plaintiff specified the details of the test kits to be provided:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

12 The number of test kits requested was reduced from 500,000 (as stated in
the Proposed SPA) to 300,000 because the plaintiff had mistakenly processed an
order for 300,000 test kits. However, the parties agreed to move forward with
the order for 300,000 test kits and considered making a second order
subsequent to this first order. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 15 and p 89.

13 That same day, Mr Eng issued a pro forma invoice to the plaintiff (“the
Invoice”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 7; Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 15
and p 104; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at para 13, MT-7 and MT-8.

The Invoice states the following:

(a) HN Singapore would deliver 300,000 test kits to the plaintiff in exchange
for a total price of US$1,770,000 (“the Purchase Price”).

(b) The test kits would be in “Chinese packaging”, with a unit price of
US$5.90.

(c) The test kits would be of “China” origin and of the Wondfo brand.

(d) The “[e]stimated date of arrival in Buenos Aires” would be “15(+5) days
upon receiving of [sic] payment”.

14 On 6 April 2020, the plaintiff paid the Purchase Price in full. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 9; DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 13; Mr Eng’s
AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 18; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at para
16.

This was the first and only transaction between the plaintiff and HN
Singapore. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) dd 20 January 2023 at para 5.

15 On 9 April 2020, the defendants sent a letter of proposal to the plaintiff
to request a variation of the original agreement (“the Letter of Proposal”).
The terms and conditions, as varied, were set out in the Letter of Proposal.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at MT-10.

On 12 April 2020, the plaintiff accepted the variation of the original
agreement by way of an email. The relevant terms of the varied sale and
purchase agreement (“Varied SPA”) are as follows: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 10; DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 14; Mr Eng’s
AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 21; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at para
19 and MT-10.

(a) HN Singapore would deliver 182,475 test kits (“the Test Kits”) to the
plaintiff in exchange for the same Purchase Price of US$1,770,000 (which the
plaintiff had already paid).

(b) The Test Kits would be of “China” origin, of the Wondfo brand, and from a
specific Wondfo factory in China.

(c) The Test Kits would be in “English packaging”, with a unit price of
US$9.40.

(d) The delivery time would be “15(+5) days upon payment”, ie, by 26 April
2020.

16 On 20 April 2020, HN Singapore entered into a sale and purchase agreement
with Wondfo for the purchase of the Test Kits at a total price of
US$821,137.50. Subsequently, Wondfo issued a pro forma invoice dated 28 April
2020 for the said purchase (“the Wondfo Invoice”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 24 and pp 343–346.

17 It is undisputed that HN Singapore failed to deliver the Test Kits to the
plaintiff by the agreed delivery date of 26 April 2020. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 11; Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) dd
20 January 2023 at para 3.

Events after the non-delivery on 26 April 2020

18 After the non-delivery of the Test Kits on 26 April 2020, the parties
continued to liaise and correspond with each other for the delivery of the
Test Kits. For example, at the request of the defendants, the plaintiff
nominated a technician or health professional to be professionally trained to
use the Test Kits. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 29–31, 36, 45, 48, 52–53 and 61–63.

19 There was also correspondence where the defendants sought a letter of
commitment from the plaintiff, claiming that this was a requirement by the
Chinese government for the export of the Test Kits. Eventually, on 12 May
2020, the defendants informed the plaintiff that the letter of commitment was
no longer necessary. In the parties’ correspondence, the plaintiff disputed
that the letter of commitment was a requirement under Chinese law. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 30, 33, 35–37, 40–42, 44 and p 232.

20 The defendants also provided information to the plaintiff about Chinese
regulations concerning the export of the Test Kits (elaborated below at [30]).
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 46 and 48.

21 On the defendants’ request, the plaintiff provided information relating to
the delivery of the Test Kits, such as the details of the customs broker who
would receive the Test Kits at the Buenos Aires airport. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 38 and 39.

22 On 13 May 2020, the plaintiff also reminded the defendants to send the
plaintiff a commercial invoice and packing list to move forward with the
import customs procedure in Argentina. On the same day, the defendants
informed the plaintiff that Wondfo would provide the documents between
approximately 15 May 2020 and 19 May 2020. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 55 and 58.

23 Crucially, during this period, the plaintiff repeatedly sought confirmation
of the delivery date of the Test Kits. On 27 April 2020, Mr Luis Oscar Ricardo
(“Mr Ricardo”), another employee of the plaintiff, asked Mr Eng about the
arrival date of the Test Kits. Again, on 28 April 2020, Mr Ricardo asked Mr
Eng when the production of the Test Kits would be finalised. On 2 May 2020, Mr
Eng informed Mr Ricardo that production of the Test Kits was underway, that
the goods were expected to be available on 15 May 2020 and that the defendants
were working on freight sourcing. Subsequently, on 5 May 2020, Mr Eng informed
Mr Ricardo that the estimated arrival date “should be” between 24 May 2020 and
28 May 2020, barring any unforeseen delays. The next day, on 6 May 2020, Mr
Ricardo again asked for an exact delivery date for the Test Kits. On 9 May
2020, Mr Ricardo reiterated that the plaintiff needed to know the arrival date
of the Test Kits. On 10 May 2020, Mr Eng informed Mr Ricardo and Ms Tojo that
they had received indicative information that the goods would arrive at the
airport in Buenos Aires on 22 May 2020 if there were no delays. However, on 15
May 2020, Mr Eng informed the plaintiff that Wondfo had informed them that
delivery was delayed due to the implementation of a new policy in China. The
estimated delay was up to seven days. On 16 May 2020, the plaintiff responded
by expressing that it was very disappointed by the delay and that the
plaintiff expected urgent communication of the official delivery date. On the
same day, the plaintiff informed the defendants that the “absolutely [sic] top
priority (and your contractual obligation) is to deliver the tests in [sic]
the date agreed upon” and that the plaintiff expected an urgent response on
the matter. Mr Eng responded by stating that the defendants maintained the
utmost dedication to seeing the deal through. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 28, 30, 35, 38–39, 47, 49, 59 and
64–66.

24 On 23 May 2020, Mr Eng informed the plaintiff that the Chinese government
did not award the new required export approval to Wondfo, and that the Test
Kits were, therefore, not cleared for delivery to the plaintiff. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 69.

25 On 27 May 2020 (Singapore time), on the basis that the non-delivery on 26
April 2020 constituted a repudiatory breach by HN Singapore of the Varied SPA,
the plaintiff terminated the Varied SPA by email. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 12; Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 29 September 2022 at para
74; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at para 23.

26 On the same day, Mr Eng informed the plaintiff that Wondfo had stocks of
the test kits (in English packaging) in its warehouse in Chicago, US and
stated that they would be able to supply the shipment to the plaintiff from
the US in approximately seven working days, including freight. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 70.

Events after termination of the Varied SPA by the plaintiff

27 Subsequently, the plaintiff requested a refund of the Purchase Price. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 76.

It is undisputed that on 15 June 2020, 17 June 2020 and 16 July 2020, HN
Singapore transferred the sums of US$1,203,600, US$306,780.65 and US$22,000,
respectively, to the plaintiff. This aggregated to a sum of US$1,532,380.65,
which is approximately 86.6% of the Purchase Price. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at paras 14–15; Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at
para 76; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at paras 25–26.

28 The plaintiff later received a letter dated 20 July 2020 from the former
solicitors of Mr Eng (“the 20 July Letter”). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 14.

The 20 July Letter stated that HN Singapore could not refund the balance sum
of US$237,619.35 (“the Balance Purchase Price”) to the plaintiff as that had
been spent on “non-refundable charges, expenses and fees”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 14; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at para
24 and MT-12 pp 175–176.

According to Mr Eng, the breakdown of charges is as follows: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 77 and 93.

(a) A payment of US$1,200 to GuangZhou Nuodong Biotech Co Ltd (“Nuodong”), a
Chinese middleman company, on or about 10 April 2020. This was allegedly for
the purchase of sample test kits from Wondfo.

(b) A payment of US$136,856.25 to Nuodong on or about 8 May 2020 for part-
payment of the purchase price.

(c) A payment of US$81,552.07 to GuangZhou QG International Shipping Co Ltd on
or about 8 May 2020 for shipping and insurance charges.

29 On 22 October 2020, HN Singapore claimed to rescind the Varied SPA. This
was on the basis that the plaintiff’s termination of the Varied SPA on 27 May
2020 was “unlawful” and amounted to a “repudiation of its contractual
obligations”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 75 and 98.

The Chinese Regulations

30 On 31 March 2020, 25 April 2020 and 13 May 2020, the Chinese government
imposed three sets of restrictions on the export requirements for medical
equipment (“the Chinese Regulations”): 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 17; Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras
81–85 and pp 415, 481–482 and 500–503.

(a) On 31 March 2020, the Chinese government issued Announcement No 5 of 2020
on the “Orderly Export of Medical Supplies” (the “31 March Regulations”). This
came into effect on 1 April 2020. Companies exporting medical supplies,
including test kits, had to “provide a … declaration … promising that the
exported product has obtained the Chinese medical devices & products
registration certificate … and meets the quality standards of the importing
country” [emphasis added]. Chinese customs would “inspect and release the
products according to the medical device product registration certificate
approved by [the Chinese government]”.

(b) On 25 April 2020, the Chinese government issued Announcement No 12 of 2020
on “Further Strengthening the Quality Supervision on the Exported Pandemic
Prevention Supplies” (the “25 April Regulations”). This came into effect on 26
April 2020. Companies exporting medical supplies (including test kits) “that
have obtained foreign quality certification or registration, must submit [a] …
statement for customs declaration … to undertake that the products meet the
quality standards and safety requirements of the importing country (region) …
and the customs shall rely on the list of manufacturers that have obtained
foreign standard certification or registration provided by the Ministry of
Commerce … for the release of products”.

(c) On 13 May 2020, the Chinese government issued a notice on the “Special
Rectification Plan for Regulating the Quality of National Pandemic Control
Supplies and the Market Order” (the “13 May Regulations”). One aspect of the
plan was to “[c]omprehensively strengthen the supervision of pandemic
prevention materials for export”. It is not known when the plan came into
effect.

The performance guarantee

31 On 4 April 2020, Ms Tojo, on behalf of the plaintiff, sent an email to Mr
Eng to request that HN Singapore provide a performance guarantee for the
performance of the contract, to ensure the fulfilment of the contract between
the plaintiff and HN Singapore. Ms Tojo conveyed that the guarantee should
cover the Purchase Price and an additional 10% of the Purchase Price. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 17; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022
at para 16 and MT-9.

32 On 7 April 2020, Mr Eng replied to Ms Tojo’s email, linking her up with the
defendants’ lawyer in Argentina to coordinate the provision of the performance
guarantee. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 17; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022
at para 18 and MT-9.

On 8 April 2020, Mr Ricardo informed Mr Eng that the plaintiff contacted Mr
Eng’s Argentinian lawyer and that the plaintiff would “continue this guarantee
procedure with him”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at p 99.

33 Subsequently, in the Letter of Proposal dated 9 April 2020, Mr Eng included
an additional term on insurance, which stated that “[u]pon mutual agreement
between the seller and the insurance company, we will provide an insurance
policy as guarantee [sic] for the fulfilment of this agreement.” Mr Eng stated
that he did so in light of his conversation with Ms Tojo on 4 April 2020
regarding the provision of a guarantee. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at para 21 and MT-10.

34 No performance guarantee was eventually provided by HN Singapore to the
plaintiff. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 17; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022
at para 18.

Summary of the plaintiff’s claim

Governing law of the contract

35 As a preliminary point, the plaintiff pleads that “[t]he governing law of
the [Varied] SPA is the law of the Argentine Republic (Argentina), as the
[p]laintiff is a government entity and can only contract under the laws of
Argentina”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 4A; PCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 63.

In contrast, the defendants submit that the contract was governed by Singapore
law. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 17–27.

36 Both parties rely on the three-stage framework set out by the Court of
Appeal in Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“Pacific Recreation”). The plaintiff submits that the
form of the documents involved in the transaction and the commercial purpose
of the transaction militate towards a finding that the parties intended for
Argentine law to apply. Alternatively, Argentine law objectively has the
closest connection to the contract. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 76–88.

Therefore, Argentine law governs the plaintiff’s right to: (a) terminate the
Varied SPA; (b) claim damages; and (c) lift the corporate veil. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 88.

37 The defendants submit that Mr Eng could not have intended for HN Singapore
to enter into a contract with the plaintiff that is governed by Argentine law,
given that he is a layperson with no understanding of Spanish and no prior
dealings with Argentine entities. Further, the final contract was prepared
solely by Mr Eng without the plaintiff’s input. Additionally, the
Administrative Act authorising the plaintiff to contract with HN Singapore
affected only the plaintiff’s capacity to enter into the contract and did not
alter the character of the contract. Alternatively, the defendants submit that
Singapore law has the closest connection with the Varied SPA, as: (a) the
contract was prepared in Singapore by a Singapore citizen; (b) the Varied SPA
lacked the hallmarks of typical Argentine contracts; and (c) payment was made
to a Singapore bank account. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 11–27.

Repudiatory breach of contract

38 The plaintiff’s first claim is that the failure of HN Singapore and/or Mr
Eng to deliver the Test Kits by 26 April 2020 amounted to a repudiatory breach
of the Varied SPA. The plaintiff then accepted this breach by way of an email
sent on 27 May 2020. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at paras 11–12.

39 In response, the defendants plead that although they failed to deliver the
Test Kits by 26 April 2020, the plaintiff “waived the non-delivery, did not
treat the non-delivery as a breach or [did not treat the non-delivery as]
amounting to a repudiation of the [Varied SPA], and affirmed the [Varied SPA],
until 27 May 2020”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 15.

The defendants submit that even after the non-delivery of the Test Kits on 26
April 2020, the plaintiff continued to work with HN Singapore for the delivery
of the Test Kits. In particular, the plaintiff was kept informed by HN
Singapore “of the progress of the production of the Test Kits”, “of fresh
regulations in China”, and “of [Wondfo’s] efforts to expedite the export and
delivery”. The plaintiff also liaised with HN Singapore for the provision of
“a letter of commitment that … [Wondfo] had requested to enable the Test Kits
to be exported”, “for the fresh delivery date of the Test Kits”, “on
[Wondfo’s] request for the details of one technician/health professional from
the [p]laintiff to implement the Test Kits”, “on the logistics of the
delivery” and “on providing a guarantee for the fulfilment of the [Varied
SPA]”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at paras 15.1–15.7.

Therefore, these actions constituted a waiver by election of the plaintiff’s
right to terminate the contract. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 36.

40 In the alternative, the defendants submit that the Varied SPA had been
frustrated. The defendants plead that the Chinese Regulations “constituted an
event of frustration” that made the Varied SPA “impossible to perform without
any fault on the part of [HN Singapore]”. Therefore, this “terminated the
[Varied SPA] and released both the [p]laintiff and [HN Singapore] from any
further performance thereunder”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 17.

Misrepresentation

41 The plaintiff’s second claim against the defendants is for: (a)
misrepresentation under s 2(1) of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev
Ed) (“the MA”); or (b) fraudulent misrepresentation. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at paras 23–24.

The alleged representation

42 The plaintiff pleads that HN Singapore and/or Mr Eng, “knowing that time
was of the essence to the [p]laintiff for the delivery of the Test Kits,
represented to the [p]laintiff that they would be able to deliver the Test
Kits within [20] days of receipt of payment from the [p]laintiff” (“the
Representation”). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 21.

The Representation is contained in the letter of offer issued by Mr Eng on 27
March 2020, on behalf of HN Singapore, stating a delivery time of “10(+10)
days upon payment”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at pp 43–44.

According to Mr Eng, “10(+10)” means that the Test Kits would be delivered
within ten days upon payment, with an additional flexible period of extension
of up to another ten days, such that the total time allowed for delivery would
be 20 days. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 11.

I note that the Varied SPA eventually provided for a delivery time of “15(+5)
days upon payment”. Regardless, as acknowledged by Mr Eng, the total delivery
time remained as 20 days. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 14.

43 The defendants plead that they only “represented that the Test Kits would
be delivered within an estimated period of 15(+5) days from receipt of
payment” [emphasis added]. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 22.

In contrast, the plaintiff avers that “[t]he delivery date … was fixed … at
15(+5) days upon payment”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (“RDC”) dd 6 April 2021 at para 5.

The plaintiff’s reliance on the Representation

44 The plaintiff avers that in reliance of the Representation, it paid the
Purchase Price. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 22.

However, contrary to the Representation, the defendants failed to deliver the
Test Kits by 26 April 2020.

45 The defendants aver that the plaintiff failed to prove that in remitting
the Purchase Price to HN Singapore, the plaintiff relied on the alleged
Representation. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 76.

On the other hand, the plaintiff submits that it is clear from the outset that
the timing of delivery was a core consideration for the plaintiff when it
decided to contract with HN Singapore. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) dd 10 February 2023 at paras 41–44.

The fraudulence of the Representation

46 The plaintiff avers that the Representation as to the delivery date was
made fraudulently. Additionally, the plaintiff argues that Mr Eng has evinced
a pattern of fraudulent conduct. This is illustrated by the alleged
falsification of the Wondfo Invoice. Mr Eng received the Wondfo Invoice on 28
April 2020. The Wondfo Invoice was dated 20 April 2020, and stated a purchase
price of US$821,137.50. However, when the Wondfo Invoice was forwarded to the
plaintiff on 29 April 2020, the purchase price, date and other information had
been removed. The invoice sent to the plaintiff also contained an endorsement
of “HN Singapore Pte Ltd” at the corner of the page. The plaintiff argue that
Mr Eng removed the purchase price and date from the Wondfo Invoice to mislead
the plaintiff as to HN Singapore’s profit arising from the Varied SPA, as well
as to obscure the fact that the invoice was only issued two days after the
intended delivery date. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

PCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 130–131.

47 The defendants deny having made the representation fraudulently. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 24.

The defendants had reasonable grounds to believe that their representations
were true

48 Further, the defendants plead that “[a]t the time of making the
[R]epresentation, the [d]efendants honestly believed that the Test Kits would
be delivered within the estimated period of 15(+5) days from the receipt of
payment”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 24.

In response, the plaintiff argues that the defendants have no basis for
asserting that Mr Eng held an honest belief that the delivery date could be
met. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

PCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 128–130; PRS dd 10 February 2023 at para 40.

Lifting the corporate veil

49 Additionally, the plaintiff claims the corporate veil should be lifted
against Mr Eng. The plaintiff pleads that: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 17.

[Mr Eng] has employed … [HN Singapore] … to evade his legal obligations and/or
to commit fraud, [HN Singapore] was employed as an agent or alter ego of [Mr
Eng] as its controller, [HN Singapore] is a sham or a façade and/or the
justice of the case otherwise requires the lifting of the corporate veil.

50 The plaintiff relies on the following as evidence: (a) Mr Eng is the sole
director and sole shareholder of HN Singapore; (b) HN Singapore has a nominal
paid-up capital of S$1; (c) HN Singapore has no employees; (d) HN Singapore’s
registered address is the address of a residential property owned by Mr Eng’s
mother; (e) HN Singapore had no prior experience providing test kits and no
track record in the subject matter of the Varied SPA; (f) the Varied SPA
required the Purchase Price to be paid in full before delivery was made (which
was an “unusual feature”); and (g) the Letter of Proposal included an “unusual
feature” that HN Singapore would provide an insurance policy as a guarantee
for the Varied SPA, which was never eventually provided. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 17; PCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 115–119.

51 Alternatively, the plaintiff submits that under Argentine law, HN Singapore
was undercapitalised, which would justify lifting the corporate veil. In this
respect, the plaintiff relies on the export report prepared by its expert
witness, Dr Ezequiel Cassagne (“Dr Cassagne”) (“the Expert Report”). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 110; Dr Cassagne’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at
EC-1 paras 31–37.

52 Accordingly, the plaintiff pleads that by reason of the lifting of the
corporate veil, Mr Eng is liable to the plaintiff for the Balance Purchase
Price, arising from HN Singapore’s breach(es) of the Varied SPA. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at para 18.

53 The defendants deny that the corporate veil should be lifted. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 20.

The defendants argue that the defendants made no attempt to conceal the
corporate structure of HN Singapore and that the plaintiff has provided no
authority that such a structure is problematic under Singapore law.
Additionally, given that the Covid-19 pandemic only began at the start of
2020, HN Singapore’s lack of experience in supplying test kits is expected.
Further, the alleged “unusual features” of the Varied SPA were accepted by the
plaintiff, and simply amount to “a difference in practice”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 88–95; DCS dd 20 January 2023 at
paras 64–69.

54 Additionally, the defendants submit that Dr Cassagne has not shown the
definition of undercapitalisation and authority supporting the proposition
that mere undercapitalisation alone would entitle the court to disregard the
corporate veil. The defendants also submit that it is unclear whether the
Argentine courts have any discretion in deciding whether to lift the corporate
veil or if this is an automatic process. Lastly, it is not clear whether the
Argentine courts will readily disregard corporate legal personality. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 63.

Remedies sought by the plaintiff

55 Based on the foregoing, the plaintiff seeks the following remedies: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

SOC dd 29 November 2022 at pp 7–8.

(a) a declaration that the Varied SPA has been validly rescinded;

(b) damages against Mr Eng and/or HN Singapore in the sum of US$237,619.35,
being the Balance Purchase Price;

(c) damages against Mr Eng and/or HN Singapore in the sum of US$177,000 or
such other sum as may be determined by the Court;

(d) alternatively, damages for misrepresentation pursuant to s 2 of the
Misrepresentation Act;

(e) interest;

(f) costs; and

(g) such further or other relief as the Court deems fit.

56 The plaintiff also relies on the Expert Report to argue that, under
Argentine law, it is entitled to claim against Mr Eng and/or HN Singapore for:
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Dr Cassagne’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at EC-1 para 26.

(a) the Balance Purchase Price;

(b) additional damages equivalent to 10% of the Purchase Price, ie,
US$177,000, arising from the breach of contract; and

(c) “the time of the delay in which the seller incurred in to reimburse the
monies paid by the buyer for a purchase finally frustrated”.

57 On the assumption that the Varied SPA is governed by Argentine law, the
defendants submit that Dr Cassagne “has not shown the basis for his view that
[the plaintiff] is entitled … to be reimbursed the [P]urchase [P]rice”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 98–101.

Further, the authorities cited by Dr Cassagne do not support his view that the
plaintiff is entitled to recover damages equivalent to 10% of the purchase
price. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 103–104.

With regard to the third head of compensation, Dr Cassagne failed to explain
its nature, and the plaintiff failed to evidence any loss that has resulted
from the delay in reimbursement of the Purchase Price. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 102.

58 Alternatively, on the assumption that the Varied SPA is governed by
Singapore law, the defendants aver that the plaintiff has not adduced evidence
of its losses arising from HN Singapore’s failure to deliver the Test Kits on
time. Therefore, the plaintiff should be awarded only nominal damages. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 107–108.

Summary of HN Singapore’s counterclaim

Unlawful termination

59 HN Singapore claims that the plaintiff’s termination of the Varied SPA on
27 May 2020 amounted to an unlawful repudiation of the Varied SPA. This is
because the plaintiff waived HN Singapore’s breach of failing to deliver the
Test Kits by 26 April 2020 (as elaborated above at [39]). Consequently, on 22
October 2020, by way of a letter from HN Singapore’s solicitors to the
plaintiff’s solicitors, HN Singapore accepted the plaintiff’s repudiation and
terminated the Varied SPA. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 27.

60 As a result of the plaintiff’s unlawful termination, HN Singapore claims to
have lost a net profit of US$318,685.50 that it would have made on the
transaction. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 99–105.

As such, HN Singapore claims: (a) damages; (b) interest; (c) legal costs; and
(d) such further or other relief as deemed fit by the court. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DCC dd 19 March 2023 at p 9.

Issues to be determined

61 I will consider each of the following issues in turn:

(a) whether the governing law of the Varied SPA is Argentine law or Singapore
law;

(b) whether the plaintiff was entitled to terminate the Varied SPA on 27 May
2020;

(i) whether there was a repudiatory breach of the Varied SPA by HN Singapore
for non-delivery of the Test Kits on 26 April 2020; and

(ii) if so, whether the plaintiff waived HN Singapore’s breach through its
conduct vis-à-vis HN Singapore; or

(iii) whether, in any event, the Varied SPA had been frustrated by the Chinese
Regulations;

(c) whether Mr Eng and/or HN Singapore are liable for misrepresentation;

(i) whether the alleged Representation was a false statement of existing or
past fact;

(ii) whether the plaintiffs relied on the Representation;

(iii) whether Mr Eng and/or HN Singapore made the Representation fraudulently;

(iv) whether Mr Eng and/or HN Singapore believed and had a reasonable belief
that the Representation was true; and

(v) whether the defendants had properly pleaded its case for
misrepresentation;

(d) whether the corporate veil should be lifted such that Mr Eng be made
liable for HN Singapore’s breach of contract;

(e) whether the plaintiff had unlawfully terminated the Varied SPA on 27 May
2020; and

(f) the quantum of damages, if any.

Issue 1: The law governing the Varied SPA

62 I begin the analysis with the issue of the law governing the Varied SPA.
After reviewing the relevant evidence, I find that the governing law of the
Varied SPA is Argentine law, as the plaintiff contends.

The applicable law

63 As set out by the Court of Appeal in Pacific Recreation, the governing law
of a contract is determined in three stages. The first stage is to determine
if there is an express choice of governing law. In the absence of an express
provision in the contract, one moves to the second stage, which is whether a
common intention of the parties to choose a governing law can be inferred. If
the court is faced with a multiplicity of factors, each pointing to a
different governing law, one then moves to the third stage, which is to
determine the law with the closest and most real connection with the contract.
That law would be taken, objectively, as the governing law of the contract
(Pacific Recreation at [36], [37], [46] and [47]; Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore
vol 6(2) (LexisNexis, 2020 Reissue) at para 75.343).

The decision

64 In this case, as there is no express provision in the Varied SPA for a
governing law, the first stage is inapplicable. Therefore, I move to the
second stage. In Pacific Recreation at [37], the Court of Appeal set out a
non-exhaustive list of factors from which an inference of the parties’
intention can be drawn. These include the language or terminology used in the
contract, the form of the documents involved in the transaction, the currency
of the contract, the places of residence or business of the parties and the
commercial purpose of the transaction.

65 In my view, a factor of great significance in the present case is the
commercial purpose underlying the Varied SPA. The case of Recovery Vehicle 1
Pte Ltd v Industries Chimiques Du Senegal and another appeal and another
matter [2021] 1 SLR 342 (“Recovery Vehicle 1”) provides some guidance. There,
the Court of Appeal decided that six contracts for the sale of sulphur cargo
(the “Sulphur Contracts”) were governed by Senegalese law. The Court of Appeal
found that the common commercial purpose underpinning the Sulphur Contracts
pointed to Senegal. This was because the respondent, a Senegal-incorporated
company, had entered into the Sulphur Contracts to use the shipped sulphur for
manufacturing fertiliser in Senegal. Further, approximately one-third of the
respondent’s shares were held by the State of Senegal, the Government of India
and the Indian Farmers Fertilisers Collective. Therefore, the Sulphur
Contracts were not mere trading contracts (Recovery Vehicle 1 at [9] and
[68]).

66 It is imperative to note that the Varied SPA was also not a mere trading
contract (Recovery Vehicle 1 at [68]). Instead, there was a public dimension
to the Varied SPA. HN Singapore contracted with the plaintiff, which was a
public entity that had instituted a public procurement tendering process for
the supply of Covid-19 test kits intended for the people of Buenos Aires.
Through this process, the plaintiff would receive contracting proposals from
distributors and manufacturers in and outside of Argentina, and award
contracts to entities whose proposals met the necessary economic and technical
requirements. These actions were taken by a government seeking to prevent the
further spread of Covid-19 for the preservation of public health in its city.
86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at p 101.

Mr Eng himself was aware of the public dimension to the contract. Over
correspondence on Whatsapp with Mr Juan on 27 March 2020, Mr Eng stated that
he was “looking forward to helping buenos aires with the covid situation
[sic]”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 29 September 2022 at paras 99–105.

Therefore, it was not that the Varied SPA was intended, at the outset, to be
between the plaintiff and HN Singapore. Instead, HN Singapore was awarded the
Varied SPA because it simply happened to be the party that conformed to the
requirements set by the plaintiff. The plaintiff may well have awarded the
Varied SPA to any other tendering company. Thus, in so far as the contract was
entered into by an Argentine authority with the intention of curbing the
spread of Covid-19 in an Argentine city, and it was by chance that the
counterparty was HN Singapore, it is more probable that parties intended for
the contract to be governed by Argentine law.

67 I also place weight on the fact that the plaintiff effected an
Administrative Act in order to enter into the Varied SPA with HN Singapore.
The wording of the Administrative Act makes clear that the legal framework of
the procurement exercise was Argentine law: 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at p 101.

[t]hat through the aforementioned Electronic File references, the Direct
Contract No. 2.034/SIGAF/2020 has been processed within the framework of the
Health Emergency established by the Urgent Necessity Decree No. 260-PEN/2020
and Urgent Necessity Decree No. 1-GCABA/2020, under the established regulation
of Law No. 2095, Article 28, Clause 8th (text consolidated by Law No. 6017),
and Decrees No. 168-GCABA/19 and No. 207-GCABA/19, for the “Procurement of
rapid test kits for the identification of antibodies to the new coronavirus
(COVID-19)”;

…

it is appropriate to issue the administrative act to definitively resolve the
matter at hand;

That the Attorney General of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires has
intervened within its competence in accordance with the provisions of Law No.
1.218 (text consolidated by Law No. 6.017).

…

Article 1.- Direct Contract No. 2.034/SIGAF/2020 is approved under the
provisions of Law No. 2095, Article 28 Section 8 (text consolidated by Law No.
6017), and its Regulatory Decree No. 168-GCABA/19, as amended by Decree No.
207-GCABA/19, for the contracting of the “Procurement of rapid test kits for
antibodies identification of the new coronavirus (COVID-19)”.

Article 2.- The procurement of the supplies mentioned in Article 1 of this
resolution is awarded to the company: HN SINGAPORE PTE LTD – Category No. 1 -
Quantity: 300,000 units - Unit Price: USD 5.90 - Total Price: USD 1,770,000.00
– Condition of Sale (INCOTERMS): CIF, equivalent to the total sum of
$116,377,500.00 based on the currency exchange, at buyer rate, from Banco
Nación at the close of the business day prior to the issuance of this
resolution, which complies with the technical and economic requirements, and
being the only available offer that meets the technical and economic
requirements, under the provisions of Articles 110 and 111 of Law No. 2095
(text consolidated by Law No. 6017) and its Regulatory Decree No. 168-
GCABA/19, as amended by Decree No. 207- GCABA/19 …

[emphasis added]

68 I acknowledge that the primary effect of the resolution was to authorise
the plaintiff to contract with HN Singapore. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript (1 December 2022) at 26:22–25.

In other words, the plaintiff effected the resolution in order to contract
with HN Singapore. But this was a necessary act for the plaintiff to award the
contract to HN Singapore. On the other hand, I was not convinced by the
defendants’ argument that the fact that “Mr Eng is a layperson with no
understanding of Spanish and no prior dealings with Argentine public entities”
meant that it would be improbable that he intended for Argentine law to govern
the Varied SPA. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 11.

69 Another relevant factor is the place of performance. Under the Varied SPA,
HN Singapore was obliged to deliver the Test Kits to the plaintiff in Buenos
Aires, Argentina. This is another reason why the governing law should be
Argentine law. To conclude the analysis, I find that the parties intended for
Argentine law to apply to the Varied SPA, chiefly because this was a contract
for the benefit of an Argentine city, entered into by an Argentine public
authority and to be performed in Argentina. That HN Singapore is a Singapore
company is not a relevant consideration to my assessment of the governing law
of the contract because it was purely incidental that HN Singapore was a party
to the contract.

70 Even if I am wrong on this and the governing law of the contract between
the parties must be objectively determined under the third stage of the
Pacific Recreation analysis instead, I again find that this points to
Argentine law as the governing law. Between the second and third stages, the
court generally considers the same factors, but accords differing weight to
those factors. At the third stage, “[e]qual weight ought to be placed on all
factors, even those which would not, under the second stage, have been
strongly inferential of any intention as to the governing law” (Pacific
Recreation at [48]). The court “look[s] at all the circumstances and seek[s]
to find what just and reasonable persons ought to have intended if they had
thought about the matter at the time when they made the contract” (Pacific
Recreation at [49]).

71 On an analysis of the factors discussed earlier (at [65]–[69]) above), I
find that Argentine law has the closest and most real connection with the
Varied SPA. The only relevant factors suggesting a connection to Singapore is
that HN Singapore is a Singapore company and the Purchase Price was remitted
to Mr Eng’s Singapore bank account. The Test Kits were of Chinese origin,
manufactured in a factory in China, and of a Chinese brand. HN Singapore was
effectively a middleman for the delivery of Test Kits from China to Buenos
Aires. Therefore, if I were to place equal weight on all the factors, I find
that the Varied SPA is governed by Argentine law.

72 For completeness, I will briefly comment on some other features of the
Varied SPA. The language of the Varied SPA is English, but this is not
strongly indicative of any choice of law, as English is the lingua franca of
international business (Pacific Recreation at [38]). In the present case, Mr
Eng neither spoke nor understood Spanish, so the plaintiff’s employees
frequently communicated with him in English. The use of English was a matter
of convenience. In the same vein, that the Varied SPA used the currency of the
US dollar was a neutral factor, as the “universality of the US dollar
undermines any inferential value which one might obtain from it” (Pacific
Recreation at [44]). Additionally, the requirement for payment before delivery
did not undermine my conclusion that the Varied SPA was governed by Argentine
law. Even though the plaintiff’s usual practice was to make full payment after
delivery, the plaintiff had received approval to depart from its usual
practice and ostensibly did so in light of the emergency Covid-19 situation,
where test kits had been in short supply. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript (29 November 2022) at 66:1–25 and 67:1–10.

Pleadings

73 The plaintiff, in its closing submissions, submits that the defendants
failed to plead any law which may govern the Varied SPA and therefore the sole
pleaded governing law of the Varied SPA is Argentine law. It was only at trial
that the defendants took the position that the Varied SPA was governed by
Singapore law. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 64–67.

74 For the avoidance of doubt, the defendants’ failure to specifically plead
Singapore law is not material to my decision. It is trite that a Singapore
court will apply Singapore law unless a litigant establishes that a foreign
law applies, in which case the party asserting this must plead and prove the
foreign law as an issue of fact (Singapore Civil Procedure 2021: Volume 1
(Cavinder Bull SC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) (“Singapore Civil
Procedure”) at para 18/11/3; The “Chem Orchid” [2015] 2 SLR 1020 at [157]).
Contracts are incapable of existing in a legal vacuum, and so Singapore law
applies until and unless it is displaced (EFT Holdings, Inc and another v
Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 at [58]).
Further, the defendants included a general traverse in its pleadings,
“[denying] each and every allegation in the SOC as if the same had been
separately set out and specifically traversed” 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 25.

(Singapore Civil Procedure at para 18/13/6) and have thus denied that the
Varied SPA is governed by Argentine law. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 25.

Therefore, there was no need for the defendants to plead specifically that
Singapore law governed the contract.

Issue 2: Termination of the Varied SPA

Formation of the contract

75 As a preliminary point, I set out my findings for the formation of the
contractual relationship between HN Singapore and the plaintiff.

76 It is trite that an invitation to tender is, without more, an invitation to
treat and not an offer (UOL Development (Novena) Pte Ltd v Commissioner of
Stamp Duties [2008] 1 SLR(R) 126 at [11]). Therefore, Mr Santiago’s request on
29 March 2020 for a formal offer from HN Singapore only amounted to an
invitation to treat. The Proposed SPA that Mr Eng sent to the plaintiff
subsequently on 29 March 2020 constituted an offer to contract. The plaintiff
accepted this on 2 April 2020, when the plaintiff informed Mr Eng that HN
Singapore had been awarded the procurement contract (The Law of Contract in
Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2022)
(“The Law of Contract in Singapore”) at para 03.150).

77 On 2 April 2020, pursuant to the terms of the Proposed SPA, HN Singapore
issued the Invoice stipulating the precise terms of the plaintiff’s intended
order. This purchase order was then executed by the plaintiff’s payment of the
Purchase Price on 6 April 2020.

78 Subsequently, on 12 April 2020, the terms of the agreement were varied. The
Varied SPA captures the final terms of the agreement between parties.

Whether the plaintiff was entitled to terminate the Varied SPA under Argentine
law

The applicable principles on proof of foreign law

79 The principles relating to proof of foreign law are well established. In
the recent decision of Kuvera Resources Pte Ltd v JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA
[2022] SGHC 213 (“Kuvera Resources”), the Honourable Judge of the High Court
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J succinctly summarised the relevant principles at [144]|:

(a) The content of foreign law is a question of fact which must be proved (see
Malayan Banking Bhd v Bakri Navigation Co Ltd and another [2020] 2 SLR 167 at
[59]). That is because the court lacks knowledge of foreign law and must be
informed of its content by the evidence of witnesses. The court cannot simply
take judicial notice of foreign law (see EFT Holdings, Inc and another v
Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 860 at [57]), at
least not in the absence of a statutory basis for doing so.

(b) The party asserting foreign law bears the burden of proving it as an issue
of fact (see Star Cruise Services Ltd v Overseas Union Bank Ltd [1999] 2
SLR(R) 183 at [77]).

(c) Foreign law can be proved either by directly adducing raw sources of
foreign law in evidence where permitted by statute (see ss 39(b), 39(c), 40,
59(1)(b), 80(1)(c) and 80(2) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed)) or by
adducing the opinion of an expert in the foreign law (see Pacific Recreation
Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“Pacific
Recreation”) at [54]).

(d) The court is not obliged to accord raw sources of foreign law any
evidentiary weight. This is because the content of the raw source, approached
on its own, may mislead persons not familiar with that system of law (see
Pacific Recreation at [60] and [78]).

(e) As such, raw sources of foreign law should be accompanied by expert
evidence on the foreign law. Expert evidence may be especially helpful where,
for instance, the foreign legislation has no equivalent in our own
legislation, or where the issue is of great complexity or is the subject of
controversy in the foreign jurisdiction (see Pacific Recreation at [60]).

(f) Where expert evidence of the foreign law is uncontradicted, the court will
normally be reluctant to reject it. In any event, the court is not entitled to
do so based on its own research. A court will normally accept uncontradicted
expert evidence unless it is, for example, obviously false, obscure,
extravagant, lacking in obvious objectivity and impartiality or patently
absurd (see Re Gerald Martin Smith Serious Fraud Office and another v
Litigation Capital Ltd (a company incorporated in the Marshall Islands) and
others [2021] EWHC 1272 (Comm) at [512]).

[emphasis added]

80 The defendants chose not to call an expert witness on Argentine law.
Therefore, the sole expert witness on Argentine law was the plaintiff’s expert
witness, Dr Cassagne.

81 Dr Cassagne is a partner at an Argentine law firm, Cassagne Abogados, where
he has practised law for 20 years. He has experience advising Chinese
companies. Additionally, Dr Cassagne is a member of the Argentine Chinese
Chamber of Commerce and president of the Argentine Association of Friendship
with the People of China. He is also a university professor of Administrative
Law at the University of Buenos Aires, the Pontifical Catholic University of
Argentina, and the National University of Lomas de Zamora. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Dr Cassagne’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 1 and EC-1 paras 3–9.

Application of the law

82 Dr Cassagne gave evidence that HN Singapore’s failure to deliver the Test
Kits within the time stipulated in the Varied SPA would, if proven in court,
entitle the plaintiff to terminate the Varied SPA. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Dr Cassagne’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at EC-1 para 24.

According to s 122 of the Government of the City of Buenos Aires’ (“GCBA”) Law
2075 on Government Procurement, “once verified the expiration of the term
agreed without having the seller performed its obligations under the contract
(in the case of procurement … deliverance of purchased goods at buyer’s
domicile) [sic]”, the plaintiff is entitled to terminate the contract without
further ado. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Dr Cassagne’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at EC-1 para 25.

83 The substance and content of Dr Cassagne’s expert evidence in relation to
the plaintiff’s entitlement to terminate the Varied SPA are uncontradicted and
unchallenged. At trial, the defendants elected not to put any questions by way
of cross-examination to Dr Cassagne, about the applicability and effect of s
122 of GCBA’s Law 2075 on Government Procurement. The defendants also do not
make any submissions on the plaintiff’s entitlement to terminate the Varied
SPA under Argentine law.

84 Given that Dr Cassagne’s evidence on this matter is uncontradicted and not
obviously false, obscure, extravagant, lacking in obvious objectivity and
impartiality or patently absurd (Kuvera Resources at [144(f)]), I accept it
and find that the plaintiff was entitled to terminate the Varied SPA under
Argentine law.

85 However, in the event that I have erred in deciding that the Varied SPA is
governed by Argentine law, I consider whether the plaintiff was entitled to
terminate the Varied SPA under the law of Singapore.

Whether HN Singapore was in repudiatory breach of contract under Singapore law

86 Both parties agree that it was a term of the Varied SPA that HN Singapore
was obliged to deliver the Test Kits to the plaintiff within 15(+5) days upon
payment, ie, by 26 April 2020. It is also undisputed that HN Singapore failed
to deliver the Test Kits to the plaintiff by 26 April 2020. It appears on
first glance that HN Singapore breached the Varied SPA for the non-delivery of
the Test Kits on 26 April 2020.

87 I note that the defendants did not dispute that the non-delivery of the
Test Kits on 26 April 2020 constituted a repudiatory breach of the Varied SPA.
98

##### Foot Note 98

×

The analytical structure set out by the Court of Appeal in RDC Concrete Pte
Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and another appeal [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 (“RDC
Concrete”) is instructive. There are three scenarios where an innocent party
is entitled to terminate a contract in the absence of an express provision to
do so (RDC Concrete at [93], [97] and [99], as summarised in iVenture Card Ltd
and others v Big Bus Singapore City Sightseeing Pte Ltd and others [2022] 1
SLR 302 (“iVenture Card”) at [63]):

(a) “Scenario 1”: Where the party in breach renounces its contract inasmuch as
it clearly conveys to the innocent party that it will not perform its
contractual obligations at all. … This amounts to a repudiation of the
contract by the party in breach.

(b) “Scenario 2”: Where the party in breach breaches a condition of the
contract that the parties had contemplated was so important that a breach
would give rise to a right of termination …

(c) “Scenario 3”: Where the breach in question would deprive the innocent
party of substantially the whole benefit it intended to obtain from the
contract … This is the approach laid down in Hongkong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v
Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd [1962] 2 QB 26 at 70, under which an innocent party
will be entitled to terminate the contract if the nature and consequences of
the breach are so serious as to “go to the root of the contract” (otherwise
termed a fundamental breach of the contract).

I note that the terminology used in iVenture Card to describe the scenarios
differ from that in RDC Concrete at [113]. To be clear, I will adopt the
terminology used in iVenture Card.

88 In this case, there was no renunciation of contract by HN Singapore (ie,
Scenario 1). Even after the non-delivery of the Test Kits on 26 April 2020,
the defendants submit that HN Singapore continued to work with the plaintiff
for the delivery of the Test Kits. Mr Eng even conveyed to the plaintiff that
the defendants “maintained utmost dedication to seeing the deal through” and
that they “remained committed … to ensure that the goods get … delivered as
soon as possible”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 66.

A reasonable person would not conclude that HN Singapore no longer intended to
be bound by the Varied SPA (San International Pte Ltd (formerly known as San
Ho Huat Construction Pte Ltd) v Keppel Engineering Pte Ltd [1998] 3 SLR(R) 447
at [20]).

89 I am also of the view that the delivery date of 20 days upon receipt of
payment was not a condition of the Varied SPA. For a term in a contract to be
a condition, the parties must intend that the term be so important to the
parties that any breach would entitle the innocent party to terminate the
contract, irrespective of the consequences of the breach (The Law of Contract
in Singapore at para 17.060; RDC Concrete at [97]). It must be borne in mind
that the events in this case took place during a time of great uncertainty and
urgency. The plaintiff was well aware of the difficulty faced by local and
international markets in providing critical supplies to combat the pandemic.
This was precisely why the plaintiff instituted its public procurement
tendering process. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at paras 4–5 and p 101.

Therefore, although time was of the essence to the plaintiff for the delivery
of the Test Kits, the plaintiff’s primary objective was to secure the Test
Kits. It is implausible that the plaintiff would intend to terminate the
Varied SPA just because the defendant delivered the Test Kits to the plaintiff
one day late. Likewise, I find that HN Singapore did not intend that non-
delivery of the Test Kits by 26 April 2020 would entitle the plaintiff to
terminate the Varied SPA. Therefore, this was not a case of a Scenario 2
breach.

90 Lastly, I consider whether HN Singapore’s breach of non-delivery was a
Scenario 3 breach. The analytical approach comprises two steps. First, I must
identify what exactly constituted the benefit that the parties intended the
innocent party to derive from the contract. Second, I must examine the actual
consequences of the breach that occurred at the time that the innocent party
terminated the contract (Sports Connection Pte Ltd v Deuter Sports GmbH [2009]
3 SLR(R) 883 at [62]).

91 In this case, the benefit intended by the parties under the Varied SPA was
for the plaintiff to receive delivery of the Test Kits by 26 April 2020, in
order for the plaintiff to use the Test Kits to prevent and treat Covid-19. HN
Singapore’s breach as of the date of termination, 27 May 2020, caused the
plaintiff to not receive any of the Test Kits promised under the Varied SPA.
What the plaintiff expected to receive and what it actually received by the
time it terminated the contract leads me to conclude that, as of 27 May 2020,
the plaintiff was deprived of substantially the whole benefit it intended to
obtain from the Varied SPA. In fact, I might say that it was deprived of all
of the benefit it expected to receive under the Varied SPA (see Aero-Gate Pte
Ltd v Engen Marine Engineering Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 409 (“Aero-Gate”) at
[56]). Therefore, I hold that HN Singapore committed a Scenario 3 breach,
which would entitle the plaintiff to terminate the Varied SPA.

Defence 1: Whether the plaintiff waived of its right to terminate the contract

92 The next issue is whether, even if HN Singapore was in repudiatory breach
for non-delivery of the Test Kits on 26 April 2020, the plaintiff subsequently
affirmed the Varied SPA and waived its right to terminate the Varied SPA. As
elaborated above at [39], the defendants submit that the plaintiff elected to
waive its right to terminate the Varied SPA.

The applicable law

93 Under Singapore law, waiver by election refers to the abandonment of a
right which arises by virtue of a party making an election (Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore vol 7 (LexisNexis, 2021 Reissue) at para 80.467). According to Audi
Construction Pte Ltd v Kian Hiap Construction Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 317 at
[54]:

[waiver by election] concerns a situation where a party has a choice between
two inconsistent rights. If he elects not to exercise one of those rights, he
will be held to have abandoned that right if he has communicated his election
in clear and unequivocal terms to the other party.

[emphasis added]

94 In the present case, the repudiatory breach of contract by HN Singapore,
ie, the failure by HN Singapore to deliver the Test Kits by 26 April 2020,
gives the plaintiff, the innocent party, a right to elect between terminating
the contract and affirming it. If the plaintiff elects to affirm the contract,
he abandons and thereby waives the right to later terminate the contract on
the grounds of the same breach (Aero-Gate at [41]).

95 There are three requirements for the doctrine of waiver by election to
operate (Aero-Gate at [42]):

(a) First, the innocent party must have acted in a manner consistent only with
affirming the contract, ie, treating the contract as still alive.

(b) Second, the innocent party must have communicated his election, ie, his
choice to affirm the contract, to the party in breach in clear and unequivocal
terms.

(c) Third, there must be sufficient knowledge on the part of the innocent
party. At minimum, the innocent party must be aware of the facts giving rise
to his right to terminate the contract. Beyond this, the Court of Appeal has
left open the question of the extent of knowledge required (Chai Cher Watt
(trading as Chuang Aik Engineering Works) v SDL Technologies Pte Ltd and
another apeal [2012] 1 SLR 152 at [34]).

The decision

96 With regard to the first requirement, the defendants rely on the fact that
parties continued to liaise on matters relating to the Varied SPA between 27
April 2020 and 27 May 2020 to show that the plaintiff continued to treat the
Varied SPA as existing (as elaborated above at [39]). 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 40.

Additionally, the defendants submit that between 27 April 2020 and 27 May
2020, the plaintiff failed to reserve its right to terminate the contract. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 41–42.

97 In my view, the evidence supports the defendants’ submission that the
plaintiff continued to treat the contract as alive after the delivery deadline
had lapsed on 26 April 2020. Ms Tojo admitted that the plaintiff “wanted to
keep [the Varied SPA] alive so the person who had the responsibility to
deliver those kits actually delivered those kits”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 38; Transcript (30 November 2022) at 23:9–17.

The plaintiff also does not deny the defendants’ submission 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 15.

that it continued to liaise with the defendants on matters relating to the
Varied SPA between 27 April 2020 and 27 May 2020. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PRS dd 10 February 2023 at para 26.

In particular, the plaintiff repeatedly asked the defendants for the arrival
date of the Test Kits (see above at [23]) 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at paras 28, 36, 39, 47, 53 and 64–65.

. Nonetheless, I find that the plaintiff did not waive HN Singapore’s
repudiatory breach.

98 In this regard, the case of Aero-Gate is instructive. The facts of Aero-
Gate are as follows: the plaintiff had engaged the defendant to fabricate and
deliver containerised diesel generators to the plaintiff under two purchase
orders. Under the second purchase order (“PO 2”), the defendant was obliged to
deliver four generators by two specific dates. The defendant failed to meet
its delivery deadlines under PO2 but continued to work even after the lapse of
those deadlines. Subsequently, the defendant delivered two completed
generators, but made no further deliveries thereafter. The plaintiff
persistently pressured the defendant to carry out its work on the third and
fourth units and to fix dates for testing them. Eventually, the plaintiff
terminated PO 2. At the time it did so, the defendant was still working on two
generators (Aero-Gate at [19]–[20] and [122]). The High Court found that the
defendant in that case had committed a Scenario 3 repudiatory breach in
failing to meet the delivery deadlines, and that the plaintiff had not waived
its right to terminate PO2 in so far as this arose by reason of it having been
deprived of substantially the whole benefit of the contract.

99 At [124], the High Court in Aero-Gate remarked:

… Since determining whether a breach is a repudiatory breach necessitates an
assessment of the actual consequences of the breach, parties must be entitled
to wait and see what these consequences actually are: see RDC Concrete … at
[100]. Hence, it is not at all inconsistent for the innocent party to treat
the contract as alive post-breach and then to terminate it subsequently when
it transpires that the consequences of that breach operate to deprive him of
substantially the whole benefit of the contract. In this case, the plaintiff’s
conduct in treating PO 2 as alive can at best be an election to affirm the
contract for the time being. It cannot be an election to affirm the contract
for all time, regardless of the consequences of the breach as they became
apparent over time. Therefore I hold that, however much the plaintiff’s
conduct might amount to a waiver by election of its right to terminate PO 2
for breach of condition, assuming the term breached was indeed a condition, it
did not amount to a waiver by election – or any other waiver – of its right to
terminate PO 2 for repudiatory breach.

[emphasis in original in italics, emphasis added in bold italics]

100 This reasoning is apposite and in accordance with commercial reality. The
plaintiff was entitled to treat the Varied SPA as alive to assess whether it
had been deprived of substantially the whole benefit it intended to obtain
from the Varied SPA. The fact that the plaintiff treated the Varied SPA as
alive between 27 April 2020 and 27 May 2020 was, at best, an election to
affirm the contract for the time being and not an election to affirm the
contract for an indefinite period of time. Subsequently, when HN Singapore
repeatedly postponed its estimated deadlines for delivery by a month, and
given the climate of uncertainty and urgency, the plaintiff was entitled to
terminate the Varied SPA.

101 This analysis is sufficient to dispose of the defendants’ defence of
waiver by election.

Defence 2: Whether the Varied SPA was frustrated

102 The next issue is whether the Varied SPA was frustrated by a supervening
event under the common law doctrine of frustration. As no evidence was led by
either party to prove the Argentine law on the issue of frustration, it is
presumed that Argentine law is the same as Singapore law.

The applicable law

103 The law on frustration in Singapore is well-established. Under the
doctrine of frustration, both parties are automatically discharged from their
contract by operation of law when, without the default of either party, a
supervening event that occurred after the formation of the contract renders a
contractual obligation radically or fundamentally different from what had been
agreed in the contract (Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S)
Pte Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 857 (“Alliance Concrete”) at [33]; RDC Concrete at [59]).
Subsequently, thereto, relief is determined under the Frustrated Contracts Act
(Cap 115, 2014 Rev Ed).

104 The Court of Appeal has stressed that the doctrine is only to be applied
to discharge parties from their contract in truly exceptional circumstances,
such that the courts have been careful to apply the doctrine strictly. In
light of this, “the precise facts become of the first importance” [emphasis in
original] (Alliance Concrete at [39]–[40]).

The decision

105 I reject the defendants’ submission that the Chinese Regulations
frustrated the Varied SPA. I say this for a number of reasons.

106 Firstly, I do not consider the 31 March Regulations to have occurred after
the formation of the contract. The parties contracted with each other on 2
April 2020 when the plaintiff informed HN Singapore that it had been awarded
the contract to supply the Test Kits. Subsequently, the Varied SPA was entered
into on 12 April 2020. On Mr Eng’s own evidence, he proposed to vary the
original agreement because he had learnt of the “recent changes of China’s
export policy with regard to test kits”, ie, the 31 March Regulations. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at p 147.

These policy changes gave him reason to believe that “it might be difficult
for Wondfo to export test kits in Chinese packaging”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 21 and p 147.

In fact, he communicated to the plaintiff that “[t]he Wondfo kit with Chinese
packaging can no longer be exported”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at p 121.

Therefore, to overcome difficulties in delivering the Test Kits to the
plaintiff, the Proposed SPA was amended to provide for test kits in English
packaging instead, which were “meant for international exports”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 21 and p 147.

It is thus clear that the Varied SPA had been entered into after the 31 March
Regulations came into effect. In fact, Mr Eng and/or HN Singapore were aware
of the 31 March Regulations, and the Varied SPA was intended to accommodate
its effects on the delivery of the Test Kits.

107 Secondly, there is insufficient evidence that the Chinese Regulations
amounted to supervening events. In support of the defendants’ defence of
frustration, Mr Eng exhibited translated copies of Announcement No 5 of 2020
on the “Orderly Export of Medical Supplies”, Announcement No 12 of 2020 on
“Further Strengthening the Quality Supervision on the Exported Pandemic
Prevention Supplies” and the notice on the “Special Rectification Plan for
Regulating the Quality of National Pandemic Control Supplies and the Market
Order”, which brought into force each of the Chinese Regulations.

108 The content of these Chinese Regulations is a question of fact which must
be proved (Kuvera Resources at [144]) (as was elaborated above at [79]). In
this case, the defendants have adduced only the raw sources of Chinese
Regulations in evidence. However, the court is not obliged to accord raw
sources of foreign law any evidentiary weight, as its content, when approached
on its own, may mislead persons unfamiliar with the system of law (Pacific
Recreation at [60] and [78]). Therefore, in Pacific Recreation, the Court of
Appeal opined that raw sources of foreign law should be accompanied by expert
evidence on the foreign law. This will allow the court to obtain the expert’s
opinion as to the law’s effect (at [78]). For instance, in this case, it is
unclear how, pursuant to the 13 May Regulations, the Chinese government would
“[c]omprehensively strengthen the supervision of pandemic prevention materials
for export”. The defendants have failed to call an expert witness on Chinese
law. Aside from the Chinese legislation, the defendants have failed to exhibit
any further evidence of how the Chinese Regulations rendered the delivery
impossible. The text of the 25 April Regulations suggests that manufacturers
must have obtained “foreign standard certification” from the Chinese Ministry
of Commerce. Again, no documentation is provided regarding the approval
process for Wondfo to acquire the necessary certifications, the actual steps
taken by Wondfo to apply for this certification, and the response of the
Chinese government to such an application. It is also not known when the 13
May Regulations came into effect. Therefore, I find that the defendants did
not sufficiently prove that the Chinese Regulations have made it impossible to
perform the Varied SPA and constituted a supervening event. Accordingly, the
defendant’s defence of frustration must fail.

109 Furthermore, the plaintiff submits that HN Singapore’s offer to perform
the contract by obtaining the Test Kits from Wondfo’s warehouse in Chicago
confirms that the performance of the Varied SPA was not rendered impossible by
the Chinese Regulations. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

PCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 101–102; PRS dd 10 February 2023 at paras
48–49; Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at p 269.

I agree that this indicates that the contract was not impossible of execution.

Issue 3: Misrepresentation

110 I hold that the HN Singapore and/or Mr Eng are not liable for
misrepresentation.

The applicable law

Actionable misrepresentation

111 To ascertain whether an operative misrepresentation has been made, there
must be a false statement of existing or past fact made by the representor
before or at the time of making the contract to the other party, the
representee, and the representee must have been induced to enter into the
contract (Lim Koon Park and another v Yap Jin Meng Bryan and another [2013] 4
SLR 150 at [38]).

112 In Ernest Ferdinand Perez De La Sala v Compañia de Navegación Palomar, SA
and others and other appeals [2018] 1 SLR 894 (“Ernest Ferdinand Perez”) at
[172]–[173], the Court of Appeal stated that a representation as to the future
is not, in itself, actionable. It can, however, imply an actionable
representation. For example, a person who makes a statement as to the future
may make an implied representation of an existing fact. Alternatively, a
person who states an intention as to the future may also implicitly represent
that he, in fact, has that intention at the time of making the statement.

113 Additionally, a representation must be shown to be false at the time it
was acted upon ie, when the contract is concluded (The Law of Contract in
Singapore at para 11.059).

114 To establish the element of reliance, the representation must have a real
and substantial effect on the representee’s mind such that it can be said to
be an inducing cause which led him to act as he did. However, it need not be
the inducing cause. Therefore, it only needs to have played some causative
part in inducing the contract (The Law of Contract in Singapore at paras
11.074–11.076; Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and another and another
appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 (“Alwie”) at [187]).

Fraudulent misrepresentation

115 Where the plaintiff alleges fraudulent misrepresentation, the plaintiff
must prove five elements (Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and
another [2001] 2 SLR(R) 435 at [14], as recently applied in Ma Hongjin v Sim
Eng Tong [2021] SGHC 84 at [19] and Yong Khong Yoong Mark and others v Ting
Choon Meng and another [2021] SGHC 246 at [90]):

(a) a false representation of fact was made by words or conduct by the
representor;

(b) the representation was made with the intention that it should be acted
upon by the representee (or by a class of persons which includes the
representee);

(c) the representee acted upon the false statement;

(d) the representee suffered damage by so doing; and

(e) the representation was made with knowledge that it is false; it must be
wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine belief that it
is true.

116 I stress at the outset that the plaintiff must satisfy a relatively high
standard of proof before a fraudulent misrepresentation can be established
successfully against the representor, ie, Mr Eng and/or HN Singapore, because
it imports the idea of dishonesty (Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve
(sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3
SLR 801 at [30], affirmed in Shanghai Afute Food and Beverage Management Co
Ltd v Tan Swee Meng and others [2023] SGHC 34 at [135]). Whilst the standard
of proof is one of a balance of probabilities, the more serious the
allegation, the more evidence that might have to be adduced (Liberty Sky
Investments Ltd v Goh Seng Heng and another [2020] 3 SLR 335 at [63]).

Section 2(1) of the MA

117 Section 2(1) of the MA is premised on the representee entering into a
contract with the representor. It reads as follows:

Damages for misrepresentation

2.—(1) Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation
has been made to him by another party thereto and as a result thereof he has
suffered loss, then, if the person making the misrepresentation would be
liable to damages in respect thereof had the misrepresentation been made
fraudulently, that person shall be so liable notwithstanding that the
misrepresentation was not made fraudulently, unless he proves that he had
reasonable ground to believe and did believe up to the time the contract was
made that the facts represented were true.

118 Under s 2(1) of the MA, the plaintiff must show that the false
representation made by the defendant induced the plaintiff to enter into a
contract with the defendant, and the plaintiff suffered a loss as a result
thereof (Tan Kian Seng v Venture Corp Ltd [2022] 4 SLR 643 at [101]). If the
plaintiff has established that, the defendant then bears the burden of proving
that it had reasonable grounds to believe and did believe up to the time the
contract was made that its representation was true. If the defendant fails to
discharge its burden of proof, the defendant will be liable to pay damages to
the plaintiff.

119 For the avoidance of doubt, s 2(1) of the MA is an action in contract and
therefore only available to one contracting party against another contracting
party (RBC Properties Pte Ltd v Defu Furniture Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 997 at
[66]). Therefore, the plaintiff’s claim in statutory misrepresentation can be
brought only against HN Singapore, with whom the plaintiff entered into the
contract. I find that it is immaterial that any alleged misrepresentation was
made by Mr Eng. This is because Mr Eng is the sole shareholder and director of
HN Singapore and any alleged misrepresentation would have been made by Mr Eng,
not on behalf of himself, but on behalf of HN Singapore. A party to a contract
may be liable for damages under s 2(1) of the MA by the representations of his
agent, acting within the scope of his authority and on behalf of the
contracting party (The Law of Contract at para 11.217).

Whether the defendants made a false representation of fact to the plaintiff

120 In the letter of offer dated 27 March 2020, HN Singapore stated that the
delivery time for the Test Kits would be “10(+10) days upon payment”, ie, HN
Singapore would deliver the Test Kits within 20 days of receipt of payment.
The Representation is therefore not one of present or past fact because it
relates, at the time it was made, to a matter that would occur in the future.

121 The question, then, is whether it is possible to imply a representation of
present fact (Ernest Ferdinand Perez at [172]–[173]). In Ernest Ferdinand
Perez, the Court of Appeal cited the English decisions of Gerhard v Bates
(1853) 2 El & Bl 476, where a statement as to the likely output of a mine was
found to imply a representation as to the present state and capacity of the
mine, as well as Mathias v Yetts (1882) 46 LT 497 at 503, where a statement
that certain costs would be paid out of a particular fund was found to imply a
representation that such costs were payable out of that fund (at [172]).

122 In this case, one possible implied representation was that HN Singapore
had the ability to effect the delivery of the Test Kits within 20 days of
receipt of payment. The plaintiff has not adduced any positive evidence to
show that, at the time that parties contracted with each other, ie, 2 April
2020, HN Singapore could not deliver the Test Kits. The plaintiff points to
the fact that the Test Kits were ultimately not delivered on 26 April 2020 to
show the falsity of the Representation. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

SOC dated 29 November 2022 at para 23.

However, the non-delivery of the Test Kits on 26 April 2020 does not
necessarily mean that HN Singapore was unable to deliver the Test Kits as at 2
April 2020. Additionally, the fact that HN Singapore only contracted with
Wondfo on 20 April 2020 does not mean that as at 2 April 2020, HN Singapore
was unable to procure the Test Kits and deliver them to the plaintiff by 26
April 2020. Therefore, I find that the plaintiff has not proven that Mr Eng
and/or HN Singapore made a false representation.

123 However, there is no evidence that Mr Eng and/or HN Singapore lacked such
an intention at the material time. Therefore, the defendants’ alleged implied
representation as to their intentions was not proven false either. On this
basis, I find that there was no actionable misrepresentation.

124 Additionally, I find that the delivery time stated in the letter of offer
was a fixed period, and not an estimated period, as contended by the
defendants. Nothing in the letter of offer suggests that the “10(+10) days”
stated was an estimated period.

Whether the plaintiff relied on the defendants’ Representation

125 If I am wrong and the defendants did make a false representation of fact
to the plaintiff, I am satisfied that the Representation induced the plaintiff
to contract with HN Singapore.

126 The defendants sent the Letter of Proposal to Mr Juan and Ms Tojo, who
were acting on behalf of the plaintiff, pursuant to a request made by Mr Juan
via Whatsapp on the same date, 27 March 2020. The request is as follows: 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at p 36.

I need a formal offer in .pdf sent to jmpaleo@buenosaires.gob.ar and
mtojo@buenosaires.gob.ar detailing:

\- name of product

\- brand

\- factory name and addres [sic]

\- time and cost (FOB and CIF)

\- paying method

for 500k individual tests

[emphasis added]

127 The background to this request was that Mr Juan had enquired with Mr Eng
whether HN Singapore could supply test kits to the plaintiff. After some
initial discussion, Mr Juan informed Mr Eng that the plaintiff required a
formal offer. This was so that parties could “move forward”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at p 36.

Given that the plaintiff specifically requested for the “time” (which most
probably referred to the time of the delivery) to be included in the letter of
offer that the plaintiff would consider in deciding whether to contract with
HN Singapore, I find that the timing of delivery played a causative role in
the plaintiff contracting with HN Singapore. Further, I consider the urgency
with which the plaintiff sought to procure Covid-19 test kits. It is clear
that a suitable time frame for delivery would be a relevant consideration that
would affect the decision to enter into contract.

Fraudulent misrepresentation

128 In any event, I do not think that the plaintiff has established its claim
of fraudulent misrepresentation. I am not satisfied that Mr Eng and/or HN
Singapore made the Representation with knowledge that it was false, or at
least in the absence of any genuine belief that it was true. The plaintiff has
not provided any evidence to show that at the time when the parties entered
into the contract, Mr Eng and/or HN Singapore did not genuinely believe that
HN Singapore could deliver the Test Kits 20 days upon payment. Additionally,
the allegedly fraudulent Wondfo Invoice was sent to the plaintiff on 29 April
2020, long after parties had contracted with each other. Therefore, the
plaintiff has failed to discharge the heavy burden of proving fraud or
dishonesty, and the defendants are not liable for fraudulent
misrepresentation.

The defendants failed to discharge their burden under s 2(1) of the MA

129 In the event that I erred, and HN Singapore did make an operative
misrepresentation, I consider whether HN Singapore discharged its burden of
proving that it had reasonable grounds to believe and did believe up to the
time that parties entered into contract that its representation was true.

130 I accept as a fact that Mr Eng, on behalf of HN Singapore, did believe up
to the time that HN Singapore entered into the contract with the plaintiff
that HN Singapore could deliver the Test Kits within 20 days upon payment.

131 The question that remains with regard to s 2(1) of the MA is whether HN
Singapore discharged its burden of proving that it had reasonable grounds to
believe that its representation was true at the material time. I find that the
HN Singapore did not have reasonable grounds for that belief.

132 At the material time, HN Singapore had no confirmation from Wondfo that
they could commit to delivering the Test Kits within 20 days upon payment. Mr
Eng gave evidence that “[his] belief was based on the available information
from Wondfo at that time for the production of the test kits to be completed
and shipped from China to Buenos Aires.” He claimed that “[he] did not know of
anything on 2 or 9 April 2020 that [would cause him] to doubt that the test
kits could not be delivered within the said estimated period.” 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 97.

However, HN Singapore did not adduce this information from Wondfo as evidence.
At trial, Mr Eng admitted that such alleged information was, in fact, conveyed
to him through a middleman, one Mr Li Chong: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcript (2 December 2022) at p 79:18–23, 81:1–25, 82:1–7.

Q. Okay, a quick question, Mr Eng. As of 27 March, 2020, what communications
did you have with Wondfo which gave you the assurance that you could commit to
10 plus 10 days upon payment?

A. Not directly to Wondfo but to Louis and Louis to Wondfo.

…

Q. As far as you are aware, was there any communication from you to Louis or
from Louis to Wondfo in respect of this delivery time of 10 plus 10 days upon
payment that you were committing to or you were prepared to commit to in this
letter of offer at page 43?

…

A. Yes. Me and Louis, yes.

…

Q. But it's not in your affidavit?

A. No. I think sometimes we also do through call, so might not be able to,
like, attach the call.

…

Q. What was the basis for you to make that representation in the letter of
offer?

A. When I spoke to Louis, then Louis let me know, Louis is like on the ground.

Q. That's your only basis?

A. Yes.

133 The correspondence between Mr Eng and Mr Li Chong that allegedly caused Mr
Eng to form his belief was not tendered as evidence either. Therefore, I find
that HN Singapore had no reasonable belief in the Representation.

Pleadings

134 Apart from the Representation, the plaintiff submits that Mr Eng made two
other representations:

(a) First, Mr Eng represented to Mr Seward that he and/or HN Singapore were in
the business of importing and exporting commodities and supplies, including
medical supplies (the “Business Representation”). Mr Seward then passed on the
Business Representation to the plaintiff. This representation created the
expectation that HN Singapore was a reliable or suitable business partner and
had relevant experience dealing with similar orders, thereby inducing the
plaintiff to contract with HN Singapore. However, under cross-examination, Mr
Eng conceded that HN Singapore never successfully exported any goods, and that
HN Singapore had no experience dealing with medical supplies prior to the
start of the Covid-19 pandemic. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

PCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 120–123.

(b) Second, Mr Eng made misleading statements that he was a member of the
Singapore delegation to the 2018 G20 Leaders’ Summit in Buenos Aires, or that
he was part of the summit in some capacity (the “G20 Representation”). This
representation induced the plaintiff to contract with HN Singapore, on the
basis that the defendants were reputable in Singapore, associated with the
Singapore authorities, and would be able to deliver as promised. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

PCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 124–125; Ms Tojo’s AEIC dd 7 November 2022 at
para 8.

135 Both of these claims were not part of the plaintiff’s pleaded case.
Parties must set out in their pleadings the relevant facts, or allegations of
fact, and the applicable points of law in support of their respective claims,
counterclaims, defences and replies (V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate
of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another
[2015] 5 SLR 1422 (“V Nithia”) at [34]). Having set out its case in the
pleadings, a party is generally bound by those pleadings (V Nithia at [38]).
If a party seeks to change its case, it must amend its pleadings accordingly
to give fair notice to the other parties in the litigation (3N Investments
Groups Ltd and another v Lim Boon Chye Victor and others [2023] SGHC 76 at
[33]).

136 The plaintiff has not amended its pleadings. In its Statement of Claim,
the plaintiff’s pleaded case for the claim of misrepresentation was only that
the defendants, knowing that time was of the essence to the plaintiff for the
delivery of the Test Kits, represented to the plaintiff that they would be
able to deliver the Test Kits within 15(+5) days of receipt of payment from
the plaintiff. No reference is made to Mr Eng’s alleged participation in the
G20 Leaders’ Summit or the representation that HN Singapore was in the
business of exporting medical supplies. The plaintiff should have made its
case clearly and unambiguous in its pleadings.

137 In any case, even if the plaintiff had sufficiently pleaded its case, I do
not find that the G20 Representation and Business Representation amount to
actionable misrepresentations. First, the plaintiff has not proven that Mr Eng
made either of the representations. The plaintiff could not point to a
specific occasion where Mr Eng made the G20 Representation and Business
Representation. The plaintiff relies on the email sent to the plaintiff on 23
March 2020, where Mr Eng is introduced as “from the G20 Chinese/Singaporean
delegation” and “working with commodities and supplies (Medicine, is one of
them) [sic]”. However, this email was sent by Mr Seward, and Mr Eng was not
copied. There is also no evidence that Mr Seward sent the email on behalf of
Mr Eng or on Mr Eng’s instructions. The plaintiff also relies on another email
sent by Mr Eng on 29 April 2020, but this email post-dates the date that
parties entered into contract. Second, the burden of proof is on the plaintiff
to show the falsity of the G20 Representation, but the plaintiff has failed to
adduce any evidence to show that Mr Eng did not attend the 2018 G20 Leaders’
Summit.

138 Therefore, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim of misrepresentation.

Issue 4: Lifting the corporate veil

139 Having found HN Singapore liable for breach of the Varied SPA, I turn now
to consider the plaintiff’s argument that the corporate veil should be lifted
so as to hold Mr Eng liable.

The position under Argentine law

140 On the basis that the Varied SPA is governed by Argentine law, I find
that, on the balance of probabilities, the corporate veil should be lifted,
and Mr Eng should be liable for HN Singapore’s breach of contract.

141 According to Dr Cassagne, under Argentine law, where a corporation is
“being undercapitali[s]ed and the partners [are] not being responsible for
social obligations beyond their contribution ”, the “corporation’s limited
liability ceases to exist and shareholders shall be subject to joint and
unlimited liability for the obligations of the company”, which consists of
“piercing the corporate veil”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

` Dr Cassagne’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at EC-1 paras 32–34.

In this case, there was “no ostensible attempt to conceal that HN Singapore is
a mere vehicle of Mr Eng’s will” and that HN Singapore is “a shell to minimize
[sic] the corporation’s solvency”. The plaintiff submits that “a paid up
capital of S$1 in [HN Singapore’s] case is not adequate financing to supply
the entity with enough capital for its anticipated business needs”. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

PRS dd 10 February 2023 at para 73.

The underlying principle appears to be that if a company is undercapitalised
and the transaction is for a large sum, the plaintiff can have recourse to the
shareholders if the defendant is in breach of contract. Given that Mr Eng, the
shareholder, has failed to capitalise HN Singapore adequately, in Dr
Cassagne’s expert opinion, “Argentine judges shall allow piercing the
corporate veil, so as to assure the decision to be rendered being effective
against [HN] Singapore or whoever hold shares in said corporation”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Dr Cassagne’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at EC-1 paras 33.

142 In my judgment, it is significant that the expert opinion of Dr Cassagne
was unchallenged by any other expert evidence. As mentioned, the defendants
did not elect to call an expert to testify on its behalf. While this does not
mean that I am obliged to accept Dr Cassagne’s evidence without more, the
Court of Appeal has held that the court should be slow to reject expert
evidence which is unopposed (Saeng-Un Udom v Public Prosecutor [2001] 2 SLR(R)
1 at [26] (“Saeng-Un Udom”), affirmed in Sudha Natrajan v The Bank of East
Asia Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 141 at [46]). Given that the evidence is based on sound
grounds and supported by the basic facts, I accept the evidence given by Dr
Cassagne and find that the corporate veil may be lifted under Argentine law.

The position under Singapore law

143 Having found that the Varied SPA is governed by Argentine law, it is not
necessary for me to consider whether HN Singapore’s corporate veil ought to be
pierced under Singapore law to hold Mr Eng personally liable. Nevertheless, on
the basis that I have erred and the governing law of the Varied SPA is instead
Singapore law, I find the corporate veil should not be pierced under Singapore
law.

144 The separate legal personality of a company forms the cornerstone of
company law (Salomon v Salomon [1897] AC 22). Exceptionally, however, the law
will go behind the separate legal personality of a company and pierce the
corporate veil (Simgood Pte Ltd v MLC Shipbuilding Sdn Bhd and others [2016] 1
SLR 1129 (“Simgood”) at [196]).

145 In its pleadings (see above at [49]), the plaintiff has relied on various
grounds for lifting the corporate veil. However, in its written submissions,
the plaintiff failed to cite the relevant case law for the different grounds
and did not descend into detail as to how each ground was made out on the
facts of this case. Instead, the plaintiff listed various factors to support
its unitary proposition that the corporate veil should be lifted. In my
analysis, the plaintiff has raised three distinct grounds in its pleadings:
(a) HN Singapore was set up with the intention to commit fraud; (b) HN
Singapore was a mere sham or façade; and (c) Mr Eng was the alter ego of HN
Singapore. It bears noting that the ground of alter ego is distinct from the
ground of façade or sham (Alwie at [96]).

146 The plaintiff relies on the following factors in support of these claims:
(a) Mr Eng is the sole director and sole shareholder of HN Singapore; (b) HN
Singapore has a nominal paid-up capital of S$1; (c) HN Singapore has no
employees; (d) HN Singapore’s registered address is the address of a
residential property owned by Mr Eng’s mother; (e) HN Singapore had no prior
experience providing test kits and no track record in the subject matter of
the Varied SPA; (f) the Varied SPA required the Purchase Price to be paid in
full before delivery was made (which was an “unusual feature”); and (g) the
Letter of Proposal included an “unusual feature” that HN Singapore would
provide an insurance policy as a guarantee for the Varied SPA, which was never
provided.

Alter ego

147 I go first to the ground of “alter ego”. This ground was upheld by the
Court of Appeal on the facts of Alwie. Where the alter ego ground is relied
on, the key question that must be asked is “whether the company is carrying on
the business of its controller” (Alwie at [96]).

148 In this case, the plaintiff heavily relies on the fact that Mr Eng is the
sole director, shareholder, and employee of HN Singapore. However, evidence of
sole shareholding and control of a company, without more, would not move the
court to intervene and lift the corporate veil (NEC Asia Pte Ltd (now known as
NEC Asia Pacific Pte Ltd) v Picket & Rail Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and others
[2011] 2 SLR 565 at [36]; Tjong Very Sumito and others v Chan Sing En and
others [2012] SGHC 125 at [76]). As noted by the Honourable Judge of the High
Court Judith Prakash J (as she then was) in Sitt Tatt Bhd v Goh Tai Hock
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 44 at [79], it is a general proposition of law that parties
are entitled to protect themselves by creating companies even if these are
effectively one-man companies. The rationale for this is clear – “one-man”
companies would otherwise be unfairly prejudiced. As was succinctly stated in
Mohamed Shiyam v Tuff Offshore Engineering Services Pte Ltd [2021] 5 SLR 188
at [71]:

… In the case of “one-man” companies, the sole shareholder would almost always
be the controlling mind and will of the company. Yet, it cannot be the case
that every one-man company would have its corporate veil lifted as it would
defeat the point of incorporation for many small, closely held companies.

149 However, this then begs the question – what more is required to lift the
corporate veil? In Alwie, the Court of Appeal found several other factual
indicia relevant. First, the appellant in that case incorporated the company
for the sole purpose of receiving payment under the relevant agreement.
Second, the appellant operated the company’s bank account as if it was his own
and admitted this. In particular, the appellant procured payments that were
due to the company and directed that the payment of such dues be made to his
personal account (Alwie at [97]–[100]).

150 Conversely, similarly probative indicia are not present in this case.
Firstly, HN Singapore was not incorporated solely to trade with the plaintiff.
HN Singapore was incorporated on 9 September 2016, approximately three and a
half years before its one transaction with the plaintiff. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions dd 10 February 2023 at para 74.

Mr Eng stated that HN Singapore had previously imported “bird’s nest and
skincare products” and provided “business consulting in respect of expert
sourcing”. The plaintiff did not challenge this statement. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 7.

Secondly, there is no evidence that Mr Eng operated HN Singapore’s bank
account as if it was his own or treated its dues as his own. Mr Eng did not
deposit any of the Purchase Price into his personal bank account. Instead, Mr
Eng gave evidence that on 7 April 2020, one day after the plaintiff made
payment, HN Singapore transferred a sum of US$1,525,286 to one Mr Li Chong,
for him to handle the payments to Wondfo, Nuodong and the intended shipping
company. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Mr Eng’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at para 93.

A sum totalling US$219,608.32 was also paid out of HN Singapore’s bank account
for other charges in relation to the transaction (see above at [28]).

151 Further, in my judgment, the other factors raised by the plaintiff are not
persuasive either. I agree with the defendants’ submission that the inclusion
of the performance guarantee term in the Varied SPA was based on the
plaintiff’s request for a performance guarantee and has no bearing on whether
Mr Eng was the alter ego of HN Singapore. The same goes for the requirement
that advance payment be made for the Varied SPA. It bears repeating that the
threshold for veil piercing is a high one which was, in my view, not met.

Sham or façade

152 Next, I go to the ground of “sham or façade”. In my earlier decision,
Bhoomatidevi d/o Kishinchand Chugani Mrs Kavita Gope Mirwani v Nantakumar s/o
v Ramachandra and another [2023] SGHC 37 at [69]–[77], I traversed the case
law where the “sham or façade” ground was argued as a basis to pierce the
corporate veil. In short, a sham refers to acts done or executed by parties to
the sham that were intended by them to give to third parties or to the court,
an appearance of creating between the parties legal rights and obligations
different from the actual rights and obligations which the parties intended to
create (Singapore Tourism Board v Children’s Media Ltd and others [2008] 3
SLR(R) 981 at [99] affirmed in Children’s Media Ltd and others v Singapore
Tourism Board [2009] 1 SLR(R) 524 (“Children’s Media (CA decision)”).

153 In this case, the plaintiff failed to substantiate how HN Singapore was a
sham or façade. In any event, I do not agree with the plaintiff’s submission.
That HN Singapore had a nominal paid-up capital of S$1 was a fact in the
public domain (see Win Line (UK) Ltd v Masterpart (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another [1999] 2 SLR(R) 24 at [41]). The defendants also never deceived the
plaintiff as to the corporate structure of HN Singapore, ie, the fact that Mr
Eng was the sole director and shareholder of HN Singapore. The plaintiff made
no objections to these facts during the purchasing process. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 64.

Further, the fact that HN Singapore had no prior experience providing test
kits did not necessarily mean that the company was a sham. At the beginning of
the Covid-19 pandemic, there was a spike in demand for critical supplies, such
as surgical masks and test kits. This created business opportunities for
manufacturers, middlemen and suppliers. Therefore, it is unsurprising for
businessmen to have branched out into supplying test kits as a new revenue
source.

Fraud

154 The courts in Singapore appear to have established fraud as a ground for
lifting the corporate veil (see Jhaveri Darsan Jitendra and others v Salgaocar
Anil Vassudeva and others [2018] 5 SLR 689 (“Jhaveri”) at [79]; Epoch Minerals
Pte Ltd v Raffles Asset Management (S) Pte Ltd and others [2021] SGHC 288 at
[20]). In my judgment, there is no evidence to support the plaintiff’s
allegation that they were victims of a fraud perpetuated by the defendants.

155 In Jhaveri, the Honourable Judge of the High Court Kannan Ramesh J (as he
then was) stated that the corporate veil is usually pierced when the purpose
of setting up the relevant companies was to perpetrate a fraud. However, there
is nothing to suggest that Mr Eng set up HN Singapore to perpetrate a fraud –
HN Singapore was set up four years before the transaction with the plaintiff,
and as elaborated above, HN Singapore has made other transactions with other
parties.

156 The plaintiff submits that the alleged “falsification” of the Wondfo
Invoice, ie, the fact that the purchase price date, and other information were
removed in the invoice sent to the plaintiffs, “adds to the nature of the
fraud and sham perpetuated by the [d]efendants”. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PRS dd 10 February 2023 at para 75.

To recapitulate, the plaintiff alleges that Mr Eng did this to mislead the
plaintiffs regarding HN Singapore’s profit arising from the Varied SPA and to
obscure that the invoice was only issued two days after the intended delivery
date. Under cross-examination, Mr Eng denied editing the Wondfo Invoice before
forwarding it to the plaintiff. He claimed that he “probably received it from
[Mr Li Chong] like this”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript (2 December 2022) at p 37 lines 7–19, p 57 lines 18–20.

Without more, I make no finding that Mr Eng was the one that removed the
information from the Wondfo Invoice. In any event, even if Mr Eng had amended
the Wondfo Invoice, I hesitate to describe these redactions as fraudulent. It
is understandable that a middleman such as Mr Eng would not want to disclose
the price HN Singapore paid for the Test Kits, and, therefore, the markup made
on the Test Kits. The plaintiff has not shown that the redaction of the
delivery date had any bearing on its actions either. I therefore hold that the
plaintiff has not established that the corporate veil should be lifted on the
ground of fraud.

Evasion of obligations

157 As a final point, I note that the plaintiff has also pleaded that HN
Singapore was set up with the intention of allowing Mr Eng to evade his legal
obligations. In its closing submissions, the plaintiff submits that the Court
of Appeal in Children’s Media (CA decision) acknowledged that if a person were
under an existing legal obligation which he deliberately evaded or the
enforcement of which he deliberately frustrated by interposing a company under
his control, a court could pierce the corporate veil for this purpose. The
plaintiff argues that this can be explained under the “evasion principle”,
espoused in the seminal decision of Prest v Petrodel Resources Ltd and others
[2013] 2 AC 415 (“Prest”).

158 In Prest, the UK Supreme Court appeared to approach the corporate veil
piercing principle in a more unified manner. Lord Sumption, delivering the
leading judgment, held that the “evasion principle” and “concealment
principle” were the two bases for the piercing doctrine (at [28]):

… The concealment principle is legally banal and does not involve piercing the
corporate veil at all. It is that the interposition of a company or perhaps
several companies so as to conceal the identity of the real actors will not
deter the courts from identifying them, assuming that their identity is
legally relevant. In these cases the court is not disregarding the “façade",
but only looking behind it to discover the facts which the corporate structure
is concealing. The evasion principle is different. It is that the court may
disregard the corporate veil if there is a legal right against the person in
control of it which exists independently of the company’s involvement, and a
company is interposed so that the separate legal personality of the company
will defeat the right or frustrate its enforcement. …

According to Lord Sumption, only the evasion principle amounts in the strict
sense to the court piercing the corporate veil.

159 Even within the UK Supreme Court, not all members accepted Lord Sumption’s
analysis without qualification (see Simgood at [201]). In Singapore, as I
previously explained in Commodities Intelligence Centre Pte Ltd v Mako
International Trd Pte Ltd and others [2022] 5 SLR 837 at [142], Prest has yet
to be considered by the Court of Appeal, much less accepted here. Thus, it is
unclear whether the piercing doctrine in Singapore should be framed by the
“evasion principle” espoused by Lord Sumption, or some other narrower, wider
or alternative legal principle. In any event, it is not necessary for me to
decide on the merits of Lord Sumption’s approach in Prest, which attempts to
limit the doctrine of piercing to cases falling within the evasion principle,
given that no arguments were canvassed before me on the authorities I have
cited above.

160 Lastly, for the avoidance of doubt, the decision in Children’s Media (CA
decision) was made on the basis of the “sham or façade ground” (at [4]):

The crucial issue in this matter, for our assessment, was the intention of the
third appellant when he entered into the Third Agreement (as well as the Side
Letter) with the respondent. Was this a sham transaction procured by
fraudulent misrepresentation(s) made by him? …

[emphasis added]

161 For all the above reasons, I do not find that under Singapore law, HN
Singapore’s corporate veil should be lifted to hold Mr Eng personally liable.

Issue 5: Unlawful termination

162 Having considered the merits of the plaintiff’s claims, I turn now to Mr
Eng’s counterclaim. I find that Mr Eng has not established that the
plaintiff’s termination of the Varied SPA on 27 May 2020 amounted to an
unlawful repudiation.

163 Mr Eng’s case for unlawful termination is premised entirely on the
plaintiff’s alleged waiver of the non-delivery of the Test Kits on 26 April
2020. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

DCC dd 19 March 2021 at para 27.

My finding that there was no waiver of the Test Kits consequentially means
that there is no unlawful act on which this cause of action rests. Therefore,
I dismiss Mr Eng’s counterclaim.

Issue 6: Quantum of damages

Quantum of damages under Argentine law

164 To recapitulate, the plaintiff submits that under Argentine law, it is
entitled to claim against Mr Eng and/or HN Singapore for: 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Dr Cassagne’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at EC-1 para 26.

(a) the Balance Purchase Price;

(b) additional damages equivalent to 10% of the Purchase Price (ie,
US$177,000), arising from the breach of contract; and

(c) “the time of the delay in which the seller incurred in to reimburse the
monies paid by the buyer for a purchase finally frustrated”.

Compensation for the Balance Purchase Price

165 The plaintiff gave evidence that under Argentine law, the plaintiff is
entitled to the price of the Varied SPA. According to the Expert Report,
reimbursement of the Purchase Price is ordered within ss 1080 and 1081 of the
Argentine Civil and Commercial Code, “applicable to administrative law in
Argentina as unanimous[ly] ruled by the Federal Supreme Court”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Dr Cassagne’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at EC-1 paras 26–27.

166 The defendants submit that the authority cited by Dr Cassagne to support
the proposition that ss 1080 and 1081 of the Argentine Civil and Commercial
Code applies to administrative law was not produced with an English
translation, and therefore, pursuant to O 19 r 1 Rules of Court (2014 Rev Ed)
("Rules of Court 2014”), it may not be used in court to support Dr Cassagne’s
proposition. As such, Dr Cassagne has not supported his views with the
necessary authorities. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at paras 98–101.

167 In my view, on the balance of probabilities, the plaintiff is entitled to
the Balance Purchase Price under Argentine law. This is notwithstanding the
fact that the plaintiff did not provide an English translation to the
authority footnoted to ss 1080 and 1081 of the Argentine Civil and Commercial
Code. The authority, which is precluded from being used in court by O 19 r 1
of the Rules of Court 2014, was not material in my decision. In my view, ss
1080 and 1081 support the proposition that HN Singapore should return the
Balance Purchase Price to the plaintiff, and the defendants have not shown any
evidence to the contrary to show that the Argentine Civil and Commercial Code
do not apply to the Varied SPA.

Compensation for 10% additional damages

168 According to the Expert Report, breach of the Varied SPA entitles the
plaintiff to claim 10% of the Purchase Price as damages arising from the
breach of the Varied SPA. Dr Cassagne relied on ss 92.b and 122 of GCBA’s Law
2095 on Government Procurement for this proposition. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Dr Cassagne’s AEIC dd 8 November 2022 at of EC-1 paras 26 and 28–29.

169 Section 92.b and s 122, translated in English, state the following:

Law 2,095 - Section 92 - CONSTITUTION OF GUARANTEES.

To guarantee compliance with all obligations, bidders and successful bidders
must constitute the following unlimited guarantees of validity:

…

b) Performance guarantee: ten percent (10%) of the total value of the contract
awarded.

…

Law 2,095 – Section 122 - TERMINATION DUE TO THE FAULT OF THE CO-CONTRACTOR -
BREACH OF THE CONTRACT.

Upon expiration of the term of compliance with the contract, its extension or,
where appropriate, the rehabilitated contract, without the goods have been
delivered or provided the services in accordance, it will be terminated in
full right with loss of the corresponding guarantees without the need for
judicial or extrajudicial interpellation. The bidding agency must then proceed
to issue the formal declaration of termination.

[emphasis added]

170 Under cross-examination, Dr Cassagne explained that a guarantee was
required under Argentine law. Section 92.b requires the supplier, ie, HN
Singapore to acquire and give a performance guarantee amounting to 10% of the
total value of the contract awarded on the execution of the contract. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Transcript (1 December 2022) at 83:3–8 and 84:15–22.

Further, s 122 sets out that upon termination of the contract awarded, the
supplier would lose the guarantees, and the state would be automatically
entitled to the guarantees, without having to go to court. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript (1 December 2022) at 84:23–25 and 84:1–3.

According to Dr Cassagne, the effect of both provisions was that if HN
Singapore had provided a performance guarantee, the plaintiff would have
directly retained the sum amounting to 10% of the Purchase Price. However,
because no guarantee was provided, the “plaintiff is forced to claim that
penalty, [which is always 10%,] through judicial means”. The fact that there
was no performance guarantee “[does not] mean that the sanction of the penalty
cannot or will not be applied”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript (1 December 2022) at p 84 lines 1–11.

171 I was not convinced by Dr Cassagne’s evidence on this point. On the face
of it, ss 92 and 122, read together, apply to the situation where the contract
awardee has procured a performance guarantee – ie, where the supplier provides
a guarantee, and the contract is subsequently terminated, the state is
entitled to invoke the guarantee and retain a sum amounting to 10% of the
value of the contract awarded, without having to prove its losses in court. In
this case, it is undisputed that no performance guarantee was procured.
However, the statutes are silent about what happens when the supplier fails to
procure a performance guarantee. Nothing in the statutes suggests that the
supplier should be penalised by a sum amounting to 10% of the total value
awarded.

172 When cross-examined further on this point, Dr Cassagne added that s 119 of
GCBA’s Law 2095 on Government Procurement also entitled the plaintiff to apply
a penalty or sanction on HN Singapore. However, the plaintiff did not exhibit
a translated copy of s 119. This again amounts to non-compliance with O 19 r 1
Rules of Court 2014, which requires every document not in the English language
to be accompanied by a certified translation before it may be received, filed
or used in the court. Therefore, I treat s 119 as not exhibited in court.

173 In the circumstances, I find that the plaintiff has not proven that it is
entitled under Argentinian law to additional damages equivalent to 10% of the
Purchase Price, ie, US$177,000.

Compensation for the time delay

174 In the Expert Report, Dr Cassagne cites ss 92.b and 122 of GCBA’s Law 2075
on Government Procurement (see above at [169]) to support his proposition that
the plaintiff is entitled to the costs of delay in reimbursing the Purchase
Price. However, neither provision mentions the seller’s entitlement to such
costs. Further, there is no evidence of any loss that the plaintiff has
suffered arising from the delay in the reimbursement of the Purchase Price.
136

##### Foot Note 136

×

DCS dd 20 January 2023 at para 102.

I dismiss this claim for damages, given that it is not based on sound grounds
and not supported by the basic facts (Saeng-Un Udom at [26]).

Quantum of damages under Singapore law

175 In case I am wrong that Argentine law applies, I consider the measure of
compensation under Singapore law.

176 Damages are generally intended to be compensatory in nature, which would
put the injured party in the same position it would have been in had the wrong
not been committed (Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v United Overseas Bank
Ltd and another [2017] 3 SLR 901 at [63]; James Edelman, McGregor on Damages
(Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 2021) at 2-003, citing Livingstone v Rawyards Co
(1880) 5 App Cas 25 at 39). It is trite that a plaintiff bears the burden of
proving its loss and, in order to do so, must provide cogent evidence of the
damages claimed (Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua
and others and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 214 at [16]).

177 Apart from the Balance Purchase Price, the plaintiff has not proven any
other loss arising from the breach of the Varied SPA. Therefore, I find that
the plaintiff should be awarded damages amounting to the sum of the Balance
Purchase Price, ie, US$237,619.35.

Conclusion

178 In the circumstances, I find that the plaintiff succeeds in its claim
against the first defendant for breach of contract and the first defendant is
liable for damages of US$237,619.35. I dismiss its claim in misrepresentation,
as well as HN Singapore’s counterclaim in unlawful termination. Having found
that the Varied SPA is governed by Argentine law, I order that HN Singapore’s
corporate veil be lifted, such that Mr Eng is also liable for the Balance
Purchase Price of US$237,619.35 to the plaintiff. I also order the defendants
to pay interest on the judgment sum at the rate of 5.33% from the date of the
writ until date of payment.

179 Unless there is any reason for a different order for which the parties
have liberty to apply, I order the first and second defendants to pay costs to
the plaintiff on the standard scale.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Sean Francois La’Brooy, Luis Inaki Duhart Gonzalez and Faustina Joyce Fernando
(Selvam LLC) for the plaintiff;

Loo Choon Chiaw, Goh Shu Quan Leon, Chia Foon Yeow, and Lim Jun Wei (Loo &
Partners LLP) for the first and second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 08 Jun 2023 (12:28 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

