Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Family Justice Courts of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 48

Suit No 3 of 2021

Between

WKK

… Plaintiff

And

WKL

… Defendant

AND

Between

WKL

… Plaintiff-in-Counterclaim

And

WKK

… Defendant-in-Counterclaim

grounds of decision

[Succession and Wills -– Alteration and erasure of wills]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WKK

  
v

  

WKL

[2023] SGHCF 48

General Division of the High Court (Family Division)— Suit No 3 of 2021  
Choo Han Teck J  
12 October 2023

6 November 2023

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff’s claim in this action has been struck out for failing to set
down for trial. There were two unsuccessful attempts by the plaintiff to have
his claim reinstated, this trial thus proceeded only on the defendant’s
counterclaim. The plaintiff is the youngest child of the late SCH, the
defendant is his older brother. They have a sister who is not a party to this
action.

2 This was a dispute over the validity of two wills, both purportedly executed
by SCH. SCH died in May 2020. The plaintiff claimed that SCH had executed a
will on 28 September 2019 in which he appointed the plaintiff and defendant to
be his executors and trustees of his will and estate. In this will, the
plaintiff would have been the sole beneficiary of a flat (the “MT Flat”), as
well as the motor vehicle (licence number SKZ xxxxG). Additionally, all the
plaintiff’s debts to his father are forgiven. In return for receiving the
flat, the plaintiff has to pay the defendant and their sister $300,000 through
monthly instalments over 20 years. As for the rest of SCH’s assets, after
accounting for funeral and religious expenses, they are for the three siblings
in equal shares.

3 The defendant claimed that SCH suffered from Parkinson’s disease since 2008,
that his physical condition deteriorated gradually through the years, that he
became “slow in movement and had tremors in his hands”, and that his voice
became “progressively softer and softer”. According to the defendant, the
plaintiff had difficulties hearing and understanding SCH, since November 2018.
The defendant claimed that the only valid will was the one executed on 29
August 2016, under which will, the defendant would be the sole executor and
trustee, and that the assets in the estate be sold and the proceeds divided
equally among the three children.

4 SCH’s estate was not large and consisted mainly of the MT Flat. He carried
on a business selling fruit. This business was registered in the name of his
wife (who had predeceased him). He has another business, namely, that of a
convenience store and supermarket. The plaintiff was the one helping in the
fruit shop. The defendant and the sister were not involved in the father’s
business. According to the defendant, the plaintiff went to read a course in
veterinary science in Australia but failed to complete it. SCH then took him
as an assistant in his business.

5 The defendant alleged that he discovered that his father, SCH, had
transferred his business to the plaintiff about three weeks before his death
(on 1 May 2020). The defendant found this incredible as his father was week
and bed-ridden by that time and was going in and out of the hospital. In any
event, this issue did not arise in the trial of the counterclaim.

6 The defendant called four witnesses to prove the counterclaim. He led the
evidence and testified that by reason of his father’s physical condition, he
would not have been able to execute a will in 2019. He further testified that
his father would not have known or approved of the contents of the 2019 will.
This was evidenced by contemporaneous evidence, such as WhatsApp messages
between himself and the plaintiff. More importantly, he called Mr Chim Hou Yan
and his secretary, Alice Lim. Mr Chim was a partner at M/s Hilborne Law LLC
(“Hilborne Law”). The evidence from them was that SCH and his wife instructed
him to draw up their wills. He identified the 29 August 2016 will as the one
he drafted for SCH, and that it was identical in substance with that of his
wife. Ms Alice Lim testified that she and Mr Chim’s assistant (PW-4) Mr
Ambalavanar Ravidass (then an associate with Hilborne Law), witnessed the
execution of the wills. Ms Alice testified that the will was read and
explained to SCH, and that he indicated that he understood the nature and
contents of the will. SCH then signed the will and initialled at the bottom of
every page. Mr Ambalavanar corroborated the evidence of Mr Chim and Ms Lim and
confirmed that he was present.

7 I was satisfied that the will of 29 August 2016 had been duly proved.
Although the plaintiff’s case has been struck out, he was represented by Mr
Danny Nah (“Mr Nah”) at the trial, but Mr Nah did not challenge the defendant
and his witnesses’ testimonies. I was satisfied that the evidence showed that
SCH would not have known or approved of the 28 September 2019 will. I was
satisfied that it was not properly proved, and thus pronounced against it. It
was incredible that SCH expected the plaintiff to return him a fresh loan of
$25,000 (provided in September 2019), with this being recorded down by the
plaintiff on WhatsApp, before suddenly changing his mind two days later and
recording in the 28 September 2019 will that all the plaintiff’s debts to him
were forgiven. There were many other instances of contemporaneous WhatsApp
messages which corroborated the defendant’s version of events.

8 For the reasons above, I was satisfied that the defendant had proved his
case and granted him an order in terms of prayers 1 to 6 of the amended
Defence and Counterclaim with costs fixed at $20,000 plus disbursements.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Nah Wei Jin Danny Erwin (H C Law Practice) for the plaintiff / defendant-in-
counterclaim;  
Lee Chung Yen Steven (Hilborne Law LLC) for the defendant / plaintiff-in-
counterclaim.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Nov 2023 (14:50 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

