Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 122

Originating Application No 81 of 2023

Between

| Point72 Ventures Investments LLC  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| FinLync Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

And

(1)| Peter Selig Klein  
---|---  
(2)| Phillip Ashley Klein  
  
… Non-parties

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Companies — Receiver and manager — Judicial management order]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Point72 Ventures Investments LLC

  
v

  

FinLync Pte Ltd (Klein, Peter Selig and another, non-parties)

[2023] SGHC 122

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 81 of 2023  
Hri Kumar Nair J  
8, 13 February, 13, 15 March 2023

5 May 2023

Hri Kumar Nair J:

1 These are my grounds of decision in respect of Point72 Ventures Investments
LLC’s (“Point72”) application to place the respondent, FinLync Pte Ltd (the
“Company”), in judicial management (the “JM Application”). On 15 March 2023, I
allowed the JM Application and made my written brief remarks available to the
parties the next day.

2 I was satisfied that the criteria for making a judicial management order
(the “JMO”) were met:

(a) On its own case, the Company would become unable to pay its debts by May
2023; and

(b) The making of the JMO would likely achieve one or more of the purposes of
judicial management as set out in s 89(1) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and
Dissolution Act 2018 (the “IRDA”).

3 For completeness, I found that Point72 had standing to bring this
application as it was not disputed that it was at least a contingent or
prospective creditor under a US$3,249,990 convertible promissory note dated 14
April 2022. In any event, its standing was not disputed.

Facts

The parties

4 The Company is a financial technology company which offers products which
aggregate global banking application interfaces to corporate finance and
treasury offices. Point72, as one of its investors, was entitled to a seat on
the board of the Company and is a creditor (or at least a contingent creditor)
and shareholder of the Company. Mr Peter Selig Klein (“PSK”) and his brother,
Mr Phillip Ashley Klein (“PAK”), the founders and directors of the Company
(“the Founders”), are the non-parties in this action.

5 The board of the Company (the “Board”) comprised PSK, PAK, Mr Stephen Moore
Ellis (“Mr Ellis”) and Mr Richard Wayne Shriner III (“Mr Shriner”). Mr Ellis
and Mr Shriner were nominees of Nyca Co-Invest Fund III (“Nyca”), another
investor, and Point72 respectively (pursuant to the arrangement explained at
[8] below).

Background to the dispute

6 Between the incorporation of the Company in 2015 and sometime in 2019, its
sole shareholder and director was PSK. PAK initially consulted, and later
joined the Company as a shareholder, director, and chief executive officer
(“CEO”).

7 The Company needed funding to expand its business. It therefore sought
support from third-party investors, including Nyca and Point72. The Company
raised a seed investment round in 2019 and a Series A investment round in
2021.

8 On 18 December 2020, the Company, the Founders as well as some of the
investors in the Company entered a Shareholder’s Deed, under which (a) Nyca
Investment Fund III (“Nyca Investment”) and Nyca, collectively; and (b)
Point72, were each entitled to appoint a director to the Board. The parties
did not dispute that the Founders had 1.5 votes each and the nominee directors
had one vote each; accordingly, at all material times, the Founders had
control of the Board.

9 Sometime in the third quarter of 2021, Point72 and Nyca, amongst other
creditors, started to have concerns about the financial and operational
performance of the Company – it had missed pipeline projections, key employees
had left or been terminated, and the Company had a cash burn rate which
outstripped its monthly revenue.

10 Around April 2022, the Company entered several convertible promissory notes
with (a) Point72; (b) Workday, Inc; (c) Nyca Investment; and (d) Nyca.

11 In June 2022, PAK resigned as CEO. Mr Guido Schulz (“Mr Schulz”) was
identified as a possible CEO of the Company. Thereafter, Point72 and Nyca
proposed a series of rescue package options necessitated by the Company’s
deteriorating cash position. These entailed the injection of fresh capital
into the Company and conditioned on Mr Schulz’s appointment as CEO. However,
the said options were not accepted by PSK and PAK and were thus not
implemented.

12 After further discussion, four options for the continuation of the business
of the Company were proposed, which are summarised below (the “Options”):

(a) Option 1A provided for the Company to enter into a severance agreement
pursuant to which Nyca and/or Point72 would purchase or procure the purchase
of US$2.4m worth of shares from each of the Founders; the Founders would
receive a severance payment comprising 12 months’ salary, benefits and
apartment rental reimbursement; Nyca and Point72 would contribute capital of
US$5m; one of the Founders would resign as a director and the new Board would
comprise one of the Founders, a director nominated by Nyca, a director
nominated by Point72, a director nominated by Point72 or Nyca, and Mr Schulz;
and Mr Schulz to be appointed CEO.

(b) Option 1B provided for one or more affiliates of Nyca and such other
investors reasonably acceptable to Nyca and the Company to provide investment
of up to US$10m; the Founders to resign as directors in exchange for the right
to receive severance payments comprising of six months’ salary, benefits and
apartment rental reimbursement; the new Board to comprise a director nominated
by Nyca, a director nominated by Point72, Mr Schulz, and two vacancies not
controlled or filled by the Founders; and Mr Schulz to be appointed CEO.

(c) Option 2 provided for the assets or shares of the Company to be sold; 25%
of the total sale price to be distributed to the following key employees in
the following shares: 85% to PAK, 10% to Mr Nuno Jonet and 5% to Mr Andrew
Jasen; and the Company to enter into a bridge loan with Point72 and Nyca in
order to cover the funds required for the Company’s operations for a period of
three months.

(d) Option 3 provided for the Company to apply to be wound up pursuant to s
125(1) IRDA.

13 On 19 January 2023, Ms Evelyn Ang (“Ms Ang”) of Dentons Rodyk & Davidson
LLP, a legal counsel to the Company, emailed the Board to request that they
vote for one of the four Options. On 22 January 2023, Ms Ang emailed the Board
to provide the result of the vote, which is reproduced below:

The votes received from [Nyca] and Point72 were in favour of Option 1B, and
the votes from the Founder[s] were for Option 2. As the Founder[s] have 1.5
votes each, the resolution for Option 2 is passed. However, we understand that
the investors do not have an agreement on the bridge financing and the
allocation of 25% of sale proceeds from a trade sale to management. Therefore,
even if Option 2 resolutions are passed, it is not a viable option.

I will circulate board resolutions tomorrow for the appointment of a
provisional liquidator and the convening of an EGM to commence voluntary
liquidation.

14 In short, none of the Options 1A, 1B and 2, which were evidently proposed
by the faction which voted in favour of them, could be implemented without the
agreement of the other faction, which agreement was not, and would not be,
forthcoming.

15 On 23 January 2023, Ms Ang sent an email which attached a board resolution
for convening an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) for the purposes of
winding up the Company, as well as the notice of the EGM. This was, according
to the Founders, not done with their consent and therefore, without the
authority of, the Board. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Peter Selig Klein’s Affidavit dated 4 February 2023 at para 39.

The said resolution was never tabled for a vote or passed.

16 On 30 January 2023, Point72 filed the JM Application, along with a summons
for the appointment of an interim judicial manager.

17 On 13 February 2023, I dismissed Point72’s summons to appoint an interim
judicial manager. I saw no practical purpose in appointing one: there was,
inter alia, no evidence of any risk of dissipation of the Company’s assets
pending the hearing of the JM Application, the Company appeared to have enough
cash for its operations at least until May 2023, there was no management
deadlock as far as its operations were concerned and there was a risk that the
appointment of an interim judicial manager may cause the Company to be in
breach of some of its existing contracts, which may in turn place it in a
worse financial position. The more prudent option was therefore to maintain
the status quo until the hearing of the JM Application.

18 The JM Application, however, required that I examine the Company’s
prospects in the longer term.

The parties’ cases

The applicant’s case

19 Point72’s case was that the Company should be placed under judicial
management, and Mr Luke Anthony Furler and Ms Ellyn Tan Huixian of Quantuma
(Singapore) Pte Ltd should be appointed judicial managers (“JMs”).

20 Point72 submitted that the Company was cash flow insolvent given that (a)
by the Company’s own estimates, its cash would run out by June 2023, or
potentially as early as March 2023; (b) it had ongoing short term liabilities;
and (c) it owed US$9,499,920 arising from various convertible promissory notes
(the “Notes Debt”), or such sums would become due and payable if the Company
was put into liquidation when it ran out of cash. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 22–24.

21 Point72 also argued that one or more of the statutory objectives of
judicial management could be achieved. The Company had a viable business which
could be resuscitated. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 36 and 40.

22 Point72 averred that a JMO would achieve a more advantageous realisation of
the Company’s assets than a winding up action, since a JMO would allow for the
implementation of a rescue package. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 45 and 46.

Point72 advanced a two-step plan to rescue the Company (the “Rescue Package”)
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 43 and 44.

which particulars are set out below:

a. Step 1 Loan: Point72, Nyca and any other participating creditors (the “Step
1 Creditors”) to advance a loan to FinLync for working capital purposes (the
“Step 1 Loan”).

b. Amount:

i. Initially, in an amount of US $400,000 minus the amount of cash which is
available in the bank accounts of Finlync on the day of the appointment of the
Proposed JMs (the “Initial Loan”)…

ii. At the one month [sic] anniversary of the initial draw down of the Step 1
Loan, the Step 1 Creditors to advance an additional loan of up to US $400,000
(the “Incremental Loan”) … The availability of the Incremental Loan is subject
to (i) a review by the Proposed JMs of Finlync's financial and operational
condition and (ii) a presentation by the Proposed JMs of an updated action
plan following their initial review of the business.

iii. The Step 1 Creditors may increase the amount of the Step 1 Financing if
required by the Proposed JMs, subject to, inter alia, the Proposed JMs setting
out the need for additional funding to the satisfaction of the Step 1
Creditors.

…

The Step 2 Financing will involve the injection of new funds into FinLync to
ensure the long term [sic] stability of the business. The Step 2 Financing is
premised on the exit of FinLync from judicial management. The specific terms
of the Step 2 Financing will depend on and be subject to the following:

a. a review by the Proposed JMs of Finlync's financial and operational
condition;

b. a viable long term financial and operational plan being put in place by the
Proposed JMs in consultation with the creditors, shareholders, employees and
other key stakeholders; and

c. negotiation between key stakeholders, including the Founders, with regard
to the long term financial and operational plan for FinLync. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Unsworn affidavit of Peter Vincent Casella dated 6 March 2023 at paras 21 and
22.

23 Finally, Point72 highlighted that the wishes and views of creditors should
outweigh that of the Company and its shareholders, and pointed out that the JM
Application had the support of creditors representing approximately 96.57% of
the Notes Debt. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 47 and 48.

The respondent’s case 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

The Non-parties’ Written Submissions largely mirror the Company’s submissions.

24 The Company argued that the JM Application was taken out for the collateral
purpose of ousting the Founders while retaining technologies created by the
Founders, in order to benefit investors acting in concert with Point72. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 9, 10, 16–22, 25–28 and 69; Non-
parties’ Written Submissions at para 39.

It averred that the dispute between the parties was a shareholder dispute, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 38; Non-parties’ Written Submissions
at paras 44–54, 82 and 83.

and accordingly a JMO should not be granted. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 45–49.

More specifically, it was the Company’s case that this was a shareholder’s
dispute for the following reasons:

(a) The JM Application was commenced at Point72’s initiative, without any of
the non-shareholder investors who could have been joint applicants. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 53.

(b) The JM Application was commenced for the purpose of resolving the deadlock
between the shareholder-directors in relation to the implementation of Option
1B. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 54.

(c) The dispute between the directors does not involve the non-shareholder
investors, and the non-shareholder investors do not have a say on the decision
on the Board. Thus, the deadlock between the directors concerning the Options
is not a dispute among the entire body of investors. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 55–59.

(d) Point72’s argument that the JM Application was made in its capacity as a
creditor of the Company and not a shareholder was spurious since a judicial
management application was, in any event and regardless of Point72’s capacity,
not the proper mechanism to seek enforcement of its rights and entitlements as
a shareholder. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 60.

25 The Company also argued that the Rescue Package was neither a serious nor
feasible solution, given that: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See also Non-parties’ Written Submissions at paras 58–64.

(a) the Company was projected to still have cash in its bank accounts if JMs
were appointed in mid-March 2023 and a month thereafter, meaning that neither
the Initial nor Incremental Loan would be provided as part of the Step 1 Loan;
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 61(a)(i) and 61(a)(ii).

(b) Point72 provided no indication of what the JMs’ “action plan” was or would
be; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 61(a)(iii).

(c) as for the second step of the Rescue Package, there were no indications of
interest from potential investors despite the facts that (i) Point72 had
proposed for the injection of new funds into the Company; and (ii) the onus
was on Point72 to prove that there were “real potential financing interests
which will facilitate the survival of [the Company]”; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 61(b)(i) and 63.

and

(d) since the second step of the Rescue Package was premised on the Company’s
exit from judicial management, the problem of Board deadlock might arise
again. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 61(b)(ii).

26 The Company highlighted that if Point72’s “intentions [were] indeed
genuine”, it could finance the Company with its Rescue Package without needing
a JMO. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 67.

It also pointed out that Point72’s position that the Rescue Package did not
demand the removal of the Founders called into question the necessity of a
JMO. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 66.

In the circumstances, the Company reiterated that these showed that the JM
Application had been taken out for the purpose of ousting the Founders from
the Company. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 69.

27 Further, the Company argued that the Founders were instrumental to the
development and survival of the Company and that Point72 had not shown that
the JMs would be able to run the Company better than the Founders. It pointed
out that (a) the Founders had been running the Company’s complex global
operations since its incorporation; (b) PSK had been the creator of the
products and technology marketed by the Company; (c) the employees certainly
could not replace the Founders since most had been employed for less than two
years; (d) the Founders had been maintaining the key client and investor
relationships; and (e) prospective investors had looked to the Founders when
exploring investment and partnership opportunities with the Company. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 71–77; Non-parties’ Written
Submissions at paras 29 and 30.

28 Finally, the Company averred that a JMO would not achieve any of the
statutory purposes of judicial management, for the following reasons:

(a) A JMO could have detrimental effect, even potentially fatal consequences,
for the Company, since

(i) potential investors would likely be wary of financing the Company if it
was under a JMO, and particularly without the Founders’ involvement in the
Company;

(ii) a JMO would lead to incurrence of additional costs; and

(iii) a JMO could also lead to the termination of contracts entered by the
Company which could lead to a deterioration of its business, losses of at
least around US$1m annually, claims against it for damages and reputational
damage or loss of business relationships and goodwill with existing clients.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 78; Non-parties’ Written Submissions
at para 38.

(b) The JMs would not serve any practical purpose since there was no financing
plan on the table for their consideration, they would be unlikely to do better
than the existing Board and would add more costs to be borne by the Company.
26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 84.

(c) This was a situation where a JMO would be a precursor to liquidation, so
rescue will not be achieved by the JMs. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 85.

29 Instead, the Company suggested that there were alternative solutions to the
dispute between the parties, such as a buy-out by the Founders of Point72’s
interests in the Company or vice versa, or mediation. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 87. See also Non-parties’ Written
Submissions at paras 16 and 17.

30 In response, Point72 disputed the Company’s claim that the JM Application
had been brought to oust the Founders from the Company. It argued that the
Company falsely characterised the JM Application as a response to a
shareholders’ dispute. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 26 and 27.

Point72 further argued that a JMO would, rather than allow Point72 to seize
control, instead mean that Point72 would lose any management control or
oversight that it had over the Company, since the JMs would be appointed;
further, there was no basis to suggest that the JMs would act as an extension
of Point72. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 27–30.

Issues to be determined

31 The issues I had to consider were whether:

(a) the Company was or was likely to become unable to pay its debts;

(b) a JMO was likely to achieve one or more of the statutory purposes of
judicial management; and

(c) there was any reason to dismiss the JM Application even if both (a) and
(b) were satisfied.

Issue 1: whether the Company was or was likely to become unable to pay its
debts

32 It was the Company’s own evidence that it would run out of cash by June
2023, even after executing cost-cutting measures. Indeed, that date appeared
optimistic – the Company had expected to have between US$1.2m and US$1.4m in
cash in mid-March 2023, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Affidavit of Peter Selig Klein dated 9 February 2023 at pp 11 and 12.

but its counsel confirmed at the hearing on 13 March 2023 that it only had
about US$837,000. That meant that the Company would likely run out of cash in
May 2023.

33 More importantly, no, or no concrete, plans were put forward by the Company
to raise funds to make up the shortfall. The Company submitted that it was
“securing new client contracts” which would add to its revenue. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 80; Affidavit of Peter Selig Klein
dated 24 February 2023 at paras 23–27, Tabs 8–11.

I noted however that some of these contracts were unexecuted, and, in any
case, these were unlikely to substantially improve the Company’s cash position
before it would become insolvent. The Company also did not point to any
concrete offers from new investors: although the Company produced emails from
“prospective investors”, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Peter Selig Klein’s Affidavit dated 4 February 2023 at Tab 4.

these were merely expressions of interest and, as the Company itself
recognised, “enquiries”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Peter Selig Klein’s Affidavit dated 4 February 2023 at para 13.

There was no evidence that any of these would likely materialise and improve
the Company’s financial situation in time. I also noted that the Company did
not put on affidavit what it would do if it ran out of cash; instead, the
Company largely left unaddressed the issue of its inability to pay its debts,
whether existing or impending, in its submissions. Indeed, at the hearing, the
Founders’ counsel candidly accepted that the Company was likely headed towards
liquidation. Both the Company and the Founders were agreed on this in their
submissions. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Non-parties’ Written Submissions at para 17; Respondent’s Written Submissions
at para 85.

34 In the circumstances, the evidence was clear that the Company was likely to
become unable to pay its debts.

Issue 2: whether a JMO was likely to achieve one or more of the statutory
purposes of judicial management

35 I highlight that there was no allegation that the Company’s financial
predicament was on account of the conduct of Point72 or any other creditor.
Likewise, there was no evidence that the Founders were mismanaging the
Company, or otherwise putting its business in jeopardy. There was also no
evidence of money being improperly or imprudently spent. On the contrary, the
Founders had built the Company and made it a viable business. The Company and
the Founders pointed out that the high cash burn rate was typical in start-ups
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 34; Non-parties’ Written Submissions
at para 7.

and that the parties did anticipate, even as late as September 2022, that
further funding would be required. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Affidavit of Peter Selig Klein dated 24 February 2023 at para 7; Non-parties’
Written Submissions at paras 9–11.

Nonetheless, the fact remained that the Company had missed its milestones with
its investors, was rapidly running out of cash and was facing imminent
liquidation – the Company expressly recognised this last fact. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 85.

Significantly, all the parties accepted that the Company had a viable
business. It was also in all the parties’ interests that a viable plan was
pursued to keep the Company alive. The key question was whether a JMO was the
best way forward.

36 The Company and the Founders stressed that it was Point72’s burden to show
that placing the Company in judicial management had a real prospect of
achieving one or more of the purposes of judicial management as set out in s
89(1) IRDA. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 43 and 44; Non-parties’ Written
Submissions at paras 34–37.

They relied on the decision in Baltic House Development Ltd v Cheung and
another [2018] EWHC 1525 (“Baltic”), where the court held that there is no
jurisdiction to make an administration order if a real prospect cannot be
shown that the statutory purpose will be achieved (Baltic at [27]–[28]). A
“real prospect” does not have to be established on the balance of
probabilities (Baltic at [36]). Point72 does not have to show it is more
likely than not that such a result will be achieved, but there must be some
plan of substance and reality (Baltic at [36]). I make two observations:

(a) Whether the “real prospect” test is met undoubtedly turns on the facts and
circumstances of the case. In Baltic, the court found that the two letters of
interest by potential investors produced by the applicant were neither cogent
nor compelling – no details had been given of funding or resources, and no
commitment had been made to move the matter forward. But that was a case where
two creditors had already petitioned for the winding up of the applicant; and
the court found that the benefits of administration over liquidation were
marginal, and also that administration would be more expensive than winding up
and therefore damaging to the creditors’ interests. This case presented very
different circumstances, as I will elaborate below.

(b) I should also consider the relative merits of the alternative solutions to
enable the Company to survive as a going concern. In Baltic, the creditors had
wanted to wind-up the applicant and would have been worse off if an
administration order had been made. The present case was different. All the
parties agreed that the Company’s business is viable and wished to maintain
the Company as a going concern.

37 I was urged by the Company to consider the recent decision of Yap Sze Kam v
Yang Kee Logistics Pte Ltd (“Yap”) [2023] SGHC 43. The Company and the
Founders submitted that Yap was authority for the proposition that where a
purported purpose of a JMO was only “a possible, speculative, hoped for [sic]
outcome, the likelihood of which … is low”, then there was no real prospect of
the purposes of judicial management being met. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 43; Non-parties’ Written Submissions
at para 36.

Relying on that, the Company argued that Point72’s “[m]ere bare and
unsubstantiated assertions that the [JMs] will enhance the possibility of the
[C]ompany’s survival as a going concern will not suffice as they do not rise
above” that threshold. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 43.

At the hearing, the Company’s counsel further submitted that Yap stood for the
proposition that the fact that the alternative to a JMO is liquidation should
not by itself lead to the grant of a JMO.

38 I did not find Yap helpful to the Company. In Yap, the applicant applied
for judicial management in the hope that judicial managers would secure a
better and more “holistic” deal for the disposal of assets, compared to a deal
entered into by the receiver and manager (appointed seven months prior to the
application) for the sale of certain charged shares (Yap at [15]–[17]). The
Court found that the receiver had acted professionally in securing the deal
and that the sale would benefit the creditors generally; in contrast, the
applicant presented no evidence that the appointment of the judicial managers
would achieve a better outcome (Yap at [33]). The court there hence decided
that there was no real prospect that the statutory purposes of judicial
management would be achieved if a judicial management order was made (Yap at
[37]).

39 On the facts before me, the avoidance of liquidation via a JMO was not a
“possible, speculative, hoped for [sic] outcome” (Yap at [28]). More
importantly, here, liquidation was almost a certainty if a JMO was not made
and that was a result none of the parties wanted nor argued was a better
alternative to a JMO. Further, Yap supports the factors I have considered,
namely, the relative merits of the proposals put before me and the importance
of the views of the creditors.

Viable alternatives to a JMO

40 Point72’s case for judicial management was not an overwhelming one. As the
Company pointed out (at [25(c)] above), there had been no offers, or even
expressions of interests, from prospective investors, or even a financing plan
which the proposed judicial managers would be able to consider and implement.
To improve the prospects of the application, Point72 and Nyca offered the
Rescue Package, which had been premised on the JMs being appointed. But I
agree with the Company that the Rescue Package offered very little, if
anything at all:

(a) the first step was an initial loan of US$400,000, less what cash the
Company had on the day of appointment of the JMs. The Company confirmed that
it had about US$800,000, hence, no initial loan would be extended; and

(b) the second step was a further loan of US$400,000 which would be furnished
by Point72, Nyca or any other participating creditors a month after the JMO
was made. But this was not unconditional; instead, it would depend on the
outcome of a review of the Company by the JMs and the JMs’ proposed plan of
action.

41 However, even though the Company was facing imminent liquidation, the
Company and its Founders offered no solution at all. While the Company
referred to expressions of interests by various third parties to invest in the
Company, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Affidavit of Peter Selig Klein dated 24 February 2023 at para 47.

nothing firm or substantial had been disclosed (see above at [33]). The
Company would have known for some time, and at least as soon as the JM
Application was filed, that it was crucial that it secured funding; while it
claims to have made attempts, it has not gotten anywhere with its efforts. As
stated above, the Founders’ counsel candidly accepted that the Company was
likely headed towards liquidation. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Non-parties’ Written Submissions at para 17.

Both the Company and the Founders argued that a solution could be found
outside judicial management, but the primary (and in fact, only) solution they
pointed to was a buy-out. I had no jurisdiction or power to facilitate such a
solution. This was for the parties to agree on, and they (or some of them)
were not prepared to do so. The Company and Founders argued that if the JM
Application was dismissed, Point72 and the supporting creditors would have no
option but to settle or find a solution acceptable to all the parties, given
their desire for the Company to continue its business. I rejected that
submission. The only issue before me was whether the appointment of judicial
managers would advance the objectives set out in the IRDA – it was not my role
to advance or improve the negotiating position of any of the parties. In any
event, the appointment of JMs did not preclude the parties from agreeing an
amicable solution. For the same reasons, I rejected the Company’s argument
that a JMO should not be made because mediation was an alternative solution
available to the parties.

42 In short, there was no better, or indeed viable, alternative to judicial
management. I now turn to consider the other arguments made by the parties on
the suitability of a JMO.

Support of creditors

43 I recognised that the JM Application had the support of an overwhelming
majority of the Company’s creditors – see [23] above. Point72 and the
supporting creditors no longer had any confidence in the Founders and were not
prepared to support the Company so long as the Founders remained in charge. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Affidavit of Peter Vincent Casella dated 13 February 2023 at para 13.

Point72 and the supporting creditors had invested vast sums of money in the
Company. Indeed, the Company had only been able to operate and grow in the
last year or so on account of the funding provided by them. Further, Point72
and the supporting creditors had significant resources and had expressed their
commitment to working with the JMs to keep the Company alive.

Detrimental effect of a JMO

44 For the Company to remain viable, it must be able to continue its business
and keep its customers. The Company highlighted that the appointment of JMs
may have potentially fatal consequences for the Company, since it would
entitle its customers to terminate their contracts with the Company, thereby
placing it in greater financial peril. Point72, however, correctly pointed out
that the Company’s insolvency, which was impending, would cause the same
result. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 39(e).

Further, the Company would have better prospects keeping its customers if it
could stabilize its operations and offer a viable plan to continue servicing
their contracts. A JMO would give the Company a better opportunity to deal
constructively with its customers and offer some assurance that it would
honour its commitments. I stress again that there was no viable alternative.

45 The Company also submitted that potential investors would likely be wary of
investing in or financing the Company if it was under a JMO. I was unpersuaded
by this argument because, given the cash flow position of the Company and the
difficult relationship between the Founders and the current investors and
within the Board, potential and current investors would have reason to be wary
even without a JMO being made. I also rejected the Company’s argument that a
JMO is detrimental to the Company since it would incur additional costs – the
parties agreed that the Company had a viable business, accordingly, costs
incurred for a JMO, which presented the only plausible way to preserve the
Company, should not be a barrier to the JM Application.

Relevant expertise

46 The Company submitted that the JMs will not be able to run the Company
better than the Founders. I accepted that the JMs will not be as familiar with
the Company as the Founders. Nonetheless, while I agreed that the Founders
played important roles in the Company, the fact remained that it had been
under their stewardship that the Company landed in such dire straits.

47 I also agreed with Point72’s submission at the hearing that there was some
prospect that the JMs would bring stability to the Company and access to
funding through discussions with investors. This would be helpful to the
Company, especially considering evidence that the Company had suffered
resignations of key personnel in the months leading up to the JM Application.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Affidavit of Phillip Ashley Klein dated 9 March 2023 at paras 10–11, Tab 4 and
Tab 5.

The stability that a JMO might afford was likely to be of benefit to the
Company. Further, if the Founders genuinely want to keep the Company alive and
sustain its business, they can co-operate with, and assist, the JMs.

48 I note in passing that the Company offered somewhat contradictory arguments
to its own case that the Founders’ expertise was invaluable and irreplaceable.
The Company argued, in support of its case concerning Point72’s alleged
collateral purpose (see below), that Point72 and/or Nyca wanted to set up a
competing company and pull away customers and employees. This suggested that
the Founders were not as intrinsic to the business of the Company as the
Company argued.

A dispute between shareholders

49 I also did not accept the Company and the Founders’ submission that the JM
Application was wrongly commenced as a solution to a shareholder’s dispute. I
make two comments: the Company’s reliance on the fact that the JM Application
was commenced without any of the non-shareholder investors was misplaced, as
there is no obligation for non-shareholder creditors to join a judicial
management application to give it legitimacy; what is necessary is that an
applicant has standing to do so. Further, the mere fact that Point72 was a
shareholder of the Company did not mean that it could not properly bring the
JM Application as a creditor or contingent creditor of the Company. In
addition, the mere fact that the failure of the Options preceded the JM
Application did not make this a “shareholder dispute”. The parties, as
shareholders, were entitled to act in their own interests and reject any
rescue option which they did not find suitable. But where that left the
Company with no viable solution other than liquidation, the creditors of the
Company were entitled to bring the JM Application to protect their investment
in the Company.

50 Having considered all the above, it was evident that a JMO offers a real
prospect of achieving the survival of the Company as a going concern. The JMs
are likely to bring stability to the Company and thereby be in a better
position in negotiating with potential investors to obtain funding - the
Company has thus far tried and failed to secure new funding 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 39.

(see [41] above). The JMs will also be in a better position to deal with the
Company’s customers and maintain their service contracts. Furthermore, the JMs
will have the support of at least the substantial majority of the Company’s
creditors. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 47.

In contrast, significant creditors such as Point72 and Nyca are no longer
prepared to work with existing management of the Company, ie, the Founders. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 40 and 41.

Issue 3: whether there was any other reason to dismiss the JM Application

51 The Company and the Founders argued that the JM Application had been filed
for a collateral purpose, namely, to oust the Founders from the Company. They
relied on an earlier attempt by Point72 and/or the supporting creditors to
appoint Mr Schulz as CEO on the condition that the Founders cede control of
the Board, and the fact that the promise of funding had been withdrawn when
the Founders refused. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Affidavit of Peter Selig Klein dated 24 February 2023 at paras 5 and 8.

The Founders also highlighted that Point72 and Nyca threatened liquidation if
their financing option was not accepted and that the only option acceptable to
them required the Founders' removal. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Non-parties’ Written Submissions at para 73.

52 I did not find a collateral purpose.

53 First, the evidence showed a breakdown of the working relationship between
the Founders, on one side, and Point72 and Nyca’s representatives on the
Board, on the other. Point72 and Nyca were substantial creditors and were
entitled to protect their interests, and the Founders were not entitled to
their unconditional support regardless of the circumstances. Further, given
the circumstances, there was little else one would expect Point72 and Nyca to
do. As stated above, the Founders and the Company had not offered any solution
to the Company’s cash-flow problems and impending insolvency. They cannot have
expected the creditors to sit back and do nothing.

54 Second, the appointment of JMs would place the management of the Company in
the hands of officers who are accountable to the court and are bound to
discharge their duties fairly and properly to fulfil the purposes under the
IRDA. As Point72 pointed out, the JM Application, if granted, would result in
Point72 ceding control over the Company. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 28.

There was no evidence that Point72 and the creditors would seize control of
the Company through the JMs or that the JMs would act at their behest in
disregard of their duties. If that should happen, there are legal avenues open
to the Founders.

55 The Founders pointed to emails exchanged between various individuals,
including one Mr Christopher Growney (“Mr Growney”), a representative or
nominee of Nyca 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Affidavit of Peter Selig Klein dated 24 February 2023 at para 8.

who had been appointed by the Company to advise it. At the time of the
hearing, Mr Growney was no longer with Company. The emails evidenced these
individuals discussing or making plans for the transfer of key technologies
and customers of the Company to a new entity. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Affidavit of Phillip Ashley Klein dated 9 March 2023 at p 16.

Point72 denied any involvement in these discussions and pointed out that they
involved employees of the Company and not its own officers or agents.
Nonetheless, Mr Growney’s involvement raised some concerns given his
association with Nyca. However, the fact remained that the JMs are independent
and would be expected to discharge their duties in the best interests of the
Company. Further, if Point72’s plan was to seize the key assets of the
Company, it would not make any sense to make the JM Application.

56 Finally, the Founders argued that Point72 and Nyca had engineered a
situation to place the Company in judicial management. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Non-parties' Written Submissions paras 66–69.

In support of this, they explained that both Point72 and Nyca had always been
aware of the Company’s financial situation since they had nominee directors on
the Board. I did not accept this argument. Point72’s knowledge of the
Company’s cash burn did not amount to their “engineer[ing]” a situation where
a JMO might be appropriate. It is not the Company’s case that Point72, Nyca or
any other creditor had done anything to prejudice its business or attempts to
secure financing, or that the Company’s current financial predicament was
otherwise attributable to their conduct.

Conclusion

57 The making of the JMO was the only viable solution to try and save what all
the parties agreed was a viable and valuable business. I therefore allowed the
JM Application.

Hri Kumar Nair  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Chua Sui Tong and Ng Tse Jun Russell (Rev Law LLC) (instructed); Troy Doyle
and Peter Madden (Gibson Dunn and Crutcher LLP) (watching brief) for the
applicant;

Lim Hui Li Debby and Sia Tian Wa, Jeremy Marc (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP)
for the respondent;

Sushil Nair, Teri Cheng and Clarie Ong (Drew & Napier LLC) for the first and
second non-parties.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 May 2023 (11:59 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

