Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 235

Criminal Case No 5 of 2023

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
|  
  
And

(1)| Tan Yew Kuan  
---|---  
(2)| Dineshkumar Sambusivam  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Tan Yew Kuan and another

[2023] SGHC 235

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 5 of 2023  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
16–17, 21–23 February, 7–8, 21–24, 27, 29 March, 30 May 2023

25 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 This is a joint trial involving two accused persons, Mr Tan Yew Kuan (“Mr
Tan”) and Mr Dineshkumar Sambusivam (“Mr Dineshkumar”).

2 The first accused, Mr Tan, faces a charge of having in his possession not
less than 37.95g of diamorphine (“the Drugs”) for the purpose of trafficking
on 25 February 2020. This is an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of
the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”).

3 The second accused, Mr Dineshkumar, faces a charge for the trafficking of
the Drugs to Mr Tan on 25 February 2020, an offence under s 5(1)(a) of the
MDA.

The Prosecution’s case

4 On 25 February 2020, Mr Tan was arrested shortly after he collected the
Drugs from Mr Dineshkumar. As against Mr Tan, the Prosecution’s case is that
the presumption of possession under s 18(1) of the MDA applies, and Mr Tan was
in possession of the entire quantity of the Drugs. Further, the presumption of
knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA (ie, Mr Tan knew the nature of the drugs)
applies. Mr Tan is unable to rebut the presumptions. Further, Mr Tan was in
possession of the Drugs for the purpose of trafficking. Notably, in the course
of investigations, he admitted in his statements that he intended to deliver
the Drugs on the instructions of one “Pal”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 13.

5 As regards Mr Dineshkumar, the Prosecution’s case is that Mr Dineshkumar had
actual possession of the Drugs before he delivered them to Mr Tan. He was
arrested shortly after the delivery. Mr Dineshkumar knew the nature of the
Drugs (as he, too, is unable to rebut the presumption of knowledge under s
18(2) of the MDA). By delivering them to Mr Tan, Mr Dineshkumar had trafficked
the Drugs. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PCS at para 74.

6 I now set out the evidence, which is largely undisputed.

Arrest of the accused persons and seizure of the exhibits

7 On 25 February 2020, between 5.30pm and 7.45pm, a team of Central Narcotics
Bureau (“CNB”) officers arrived at the vicinity of Block 23 Toa Payoh East
(“Block 23”) to keep a lookout for Mr Tan. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PCS at para 5.

8 At about 10.25pm, Station Inspector Tay Keng Chye (“SI Sunny”) saw a
Malaysian-registered car bearing the registration number JGE8363 (“the Car”)
stop along Lorong 7 Toa Payoh (“Lorong 7”) near the entrance to the car park
of Block 23. The Car was driven by Mr Dineshkumar. Shortly after, SI Sunny saw
Mr Tan walking towards the Car and boarding the Car with a black recycle bag
(“the Recycle Bag” – later marked as “E1”).

9 When Mr Tan was in the Car, Mr Dineshkumar drove along Lorong 7 and Lorong 6
Toa Payoh (“Lorong 6”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PCS at para 6.

While Mr Tan was in the Car, a white tied-up plastic bag (marked “E1A”) and a
black tied-up plastic bag (marked “E1B”) were placed into the Recycle Bag. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PCS at para 7.

10 At about 10.27pm, Station Inspector Wong Kah Hung Alwin (“SI Alwin”) saw Mr
Tan alight from the Car when it stopped at the junction of Lorong 6 and Toa
Payoh East. Mr Tan was seen to be carrying the Recycle Bag when he got off
from the Car. The Car moved off thereafter. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PCS at para 8.

11 Subsequently, the CNB officers moved in to arrest both Mr Tan and Mr
Dineshkumar. At about 10.28pm, Mr Tan was arrested at the sheltered walkway
beside Block 23. As for Mr Dineshkumar, at about 10.30pm, he was apprehended
after the Car was intercepted along Lorong 6 towards Lorong 2 Toa Payoh. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PCS at para 9; AB 117, 163.

12 Upon Mr Tan’s arrest, the Recycle Bag was seized by SI Alwin. SI Alwin saw
that the Recycle Bag contained, among other things, two tied-up plastic bags,
E1A and E1B. SI Alwin then placed the Recycle Bag, along with all its
contents, into a tamper-proof bag and duly sealed that bag. Afterwards, Mr Tan
was escorted back to his residence at Block 23 (“the Unit”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PCS at para 10.

13 In the Unit, and in the presence of Mr Tan, a search was conducted on,
among other things, the Recycle Bag. The two plastic bags, E1A and E1B, were
taken out of the Recycle Bag and opened. Two black-taped bundles (marked
“E1A1” and “E1A2” respectively) were recovered from E1A, while another two
black-taped bundles (marked “E1B1” and “E1B2” respectively) were recovered
from E1B. I shall refer to these as “the Four Bundles”. Out of these, E1A1,
E1A2 and E1B1 (“the Three Bundles”) contained the Drugs in question, while the
remaining bundle, E1B2, contained not less than 163.75g of methamphetamine and
some glass utensils. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PCS at para 10.

14 Separately, after Mr Dineshkumar was arrested, he was brought to a multi-
storey car park located at Block 171A Lorong 1 Toa Payoh (“the Multi-storey
Car Park”). At the Multi-storey Car Park, the Car was searched, and an
envelope containing $11,200 of cash (“the Cash”) was recovered from the centre
compartment of the Car, just behind its handbrake. Mr Dineshkumar had received
the Cash from Mr Tan. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PCS at para 11.

Analysis of exhibits by the Health Sciences Authority

15 The Three Bundles containing the Drugs were subsequently sent to the Health
Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for analysis. HSA’s analysis revealed that the
Drugs contained a total of no less than 37.95g of diamorphine, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PCS at para 12.

which form the subject matter of this trial. I set out the results below
(which are not disputed):

S/N | Description | Marking | HSA Certificate | Results of analysis  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| One packet containing granular/powdery substance| E1A1A1| Lab No
ID-2032-00388-006 (Exh P10)| 461.3g of substance found to contain not less
than 12.99g of diamorphine  
2| One packet containing granular/powdery substance| E1A2A1| Lab No
ID-2032-00388-007 (Exh P11)| 460.7g of substance found to contain not less
than 13.75g of diamorphine  
3| One packet containing granular/powdery substance| E1B1A1| Lab No
ID-2032-00388-008 (Exh P12)| 460.4g of substance found to contain not less
than 11.21g of diamorphine  
  
Statements made during investigations

16 As part of its case, the Prosecution tendered a number of statements
recorded from both Mr Tan and Mr Dineshkumar in the course of investigations,
pursuant to s 258(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”). Neither Mr Tan nor Mr Dineshkumar objected to the admissibility of
any of these statements, and they were accordingly admitted into evidence.
However, Mr Tan and Mr Dineshkumar contested the accuracy of certain aspects
of the statements.

Statements made by Mr Tan

17 Nine statements recorded from Mr Tan were admitted into evidence as
follows:

(a) a contemporaneous statement recorded by Inspector Eng Chien Loong Eugene
(“Insp Eugene”) under s 22 of the CPC on 25 February 2020 at about 10.45pm in
the living room of the Unit; 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB 112–113 (Exhibit P35)

(b) a contemporaneous statement recorded by Insp Eugene under s 22 of the CPC
on 25 February 2020 at about 11.08pm in the living room of the Unit; 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB 114 (Exhibit P36).

(c) a contemporaneous statement recorded by Staff Sergeant Goh Jun Xian (“SSgt
Eric”) under s 22 of the CPC on 26 February 2020 from 12.15am to 1.45am in the
living room of the Unit; 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB 148–153 (Exhibit P38).

(d) the cautioned statement recorded by Assistant Superintendent Fernandez
Anthony Leo (“ASP Fernandez”) under s 23 of the CPC on 26 February 2020 from
1.58pm to 2.08pm at Police Cantonment Complex (“PCC”); 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB 333–335 (Exhibit P52).

(e) a long statement recorded by ASP Fernandez under s 22 of the CPC on 3
March 2020 from 11.21am to 3.02pm at PCC; 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB 336–342 (Exhibit P53).

(f) a long statement recorded by ASP Fernandez under s 22 of the CPC on 3
March 2020 from 6.00pm to 10.46pm at PCC; 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB 343–373 (Exhibit P54).

(g) a long statement recorded by ASP Fernandez under s 22 of the CPC on 4
March 2020 from 11.30am to 12.05pm at PCC; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB 374–375 (Exhibit P55).

(h) a long statement recorded by ASP Fernandez under s 22 of the CPC on 18
August 2020 from 11.05am to 12.15pm at Changi Prison Complex; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AB 376–378 (Exhibit P56).

(i) a long statement recorded by ASP Fernandez under s 22 of the CPC on 25
August 2020 from 2.10pm to 4.15pm at Changi Prison Complex; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB 379–393 (Exhibit P57).

and

(j) a long statement recorded by ASP Fernandez under s 22 of the CPC on 24
November 2020 from 10.09am to 10.16am at Changi Prison Complex. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB 394 (Exhibit P58).

18 Given the importance of the contents of these statements to the case, I
shall set out substantial portions of them. In the first contemporaneous
statement recorded on 25 February 2020, Mr Tan said that E1A and E1B contained
“Heroin and Ice” [emphasis added] and that they belonged to one Malaysian man.
Mr Tan “was supposed to drop [E1A and E1B] off as instructed” [emphasis added]
by the Malaysian man. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB 112–113.

In the third contemporaneous statement, Mr Tan identified the Malaysian man as
“Sal Poulez”. Once again, he stated that the Four Bundles, E1A1, E1A2, E1B1
and E1B2, contained “Heroin and Ice, but he do [sic] not know which is Heroin,
which is Ice” [emphasis added]. The items belonged to Sal Poulez. When asked
what he was “supposed to do with the Heroin and Ice” [emphasis added], he said
he was to wait for Sal Poulez’s call with instructions “to drop the Heroin and
Ice at specified location”. In return for his help, Sal Poulez would “pay
[him] SGD$500 for 02 batu heroin, SGD$300 for 01 batu heroin and 125g of Ice
for SGD$200”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB 149.

During his ride in the Car, Mr Dineshkumar put E1A and E1B into the Recycle
Bag that Mr Tan had brought. Mr Tan also gave Mr Dineshkumar the Cash which he
had collected from “previous drops instructed by Sal Poulez”. He had been
working for Sal Poulez for a couple of weeks. When asked, “[D]o you know how
much you supposed to collect today?” Mr Tan answered, “No. I do not know”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB 152 (Q/A 26).

19 In the cautioned statement, Mr Tan merely stated, “I did what I did. I am
guilty”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB 335.

20 In the first long statement recorded on 3 March 2020, the following
material details are set out:

(a) In the afternoon of 25 February 2020, Mr Tan received a phone call from
Pal. Pal told Mr Tan that he had a package to deliver to Mr Tan at night.
While on the way home from work, there was another call between them. Pal told
him there was a slight delay in the delivery. According to Mr Tan, Pal did not
inform him of the amount of drugs he would be collecting that night. This was
the norm. Normally, Mr Tan would collect the drugs, and he would know the
amount of drugs he had collected once he reached home. Mr Tan would then
confirm with Pal the amount of drugs he had collected was correct. Up to then,
there had been no mistakes or discrepancies in the amount of drugs that Mr Tan
had collected with the amount he was supposed to collect. For one “batu” of
heroin, Mr Tan would receive $300. For 125g of “ice”, he would receive $200.
To Mr Tan, one “batu” amounts to about 450g of heroin. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AB 337–338 at para 5.

(b) After Mr Tan boarded the Car, he placed the Recycle Bag on the floorboard
at his feet area at the front passenger side of the Car. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB 338 at para 7.

While the Car was moving, Mr Tan felt that Mr Dineshkumar was reaching for the
Recycle Bag. Mr Tan believed that, at that point, Mr Dineshkumar took the
sealed envelope containing the Cash from the Recycle Bag, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AB 339 at para 8.

although he did not physically see Mr Dineshkumar take it. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB 343 at para 17.

When the Car stopped at the traffic light junction of Lorong 7 and Lorong 6,
Mr Tan saw Mr Dineshkumar “bent down and started throwing some things into the
[Recycle Bag]”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB 339 at para 8.

(c) As per his usual practice, Mr Tan did not check the contents of the
Recycle Bag while he was inside the Car or after he had alighted from the Car.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB 339–340 at para 9.

After Mr Tan alighted from the Car, he felt that the Recycle Bag was heavy. It
was more than double the weight he would normally collect. He would normally
collect only “01 pound of ‘heroin’ and sometimes 01 or 02 packets of ‘ice’
together.” Despite this, Mr Tan did not check the contents of the Recycle Bag
as his “only desire was to quickly get home”. He did not intend to do any
“drop offs” that night. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AB 340 at para 10.

(d) Immediately after Mr Tan was arrested, the Recycle Bag was opened in his
presence. Upon seeing its contents, Mr Tan told the CNB officers that “it was
‘heroin’ and ‘ice’” [emphasis added]. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AB 340 at para 11.

Mr Tan cursed and said, “[B]astard, why so much”. He felt that it was a “dirty
deed done to [him] and it was not gentleman of ‘Pal’”. Mr Tan thought that Pal
should at least have given him the option to “choose whether [he] had wanted
to do the collection of this amount of drugs”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AB 340 at para 11.

He was then escorted up to the Unit.

(e) At the Unit, Mr Tan’s handphone kept ringing, and the CNB officers asked
Mr Tan whether he would cooperate with the CNB and answer the phone. Mr Tan
agreed. However, as he was feeling very agitated and angry with Pal at that
point in time, Mr Tan told the officers that he would “fuck” Pal first before
saying what the CNB officers had wanted him to say. However, the officers did
not let Mr Tan answer the phone when it rang. When the officers tried calling
Pal afterwards, the calls went through, but Pal did not answer. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AB 340 at para 12.

21 In the second long statement, also recorded on 3 March 2020, Mr Tan said
the following:

(a) Although the Recycle Bag felt heavier than usual, Mr Tan did not intend to
check it in public. He wanted to check it only at home. Even if he had checked
the Recycle Bag after leaving the Car, “the contents were already in [his]
hands and so [he] cannot drop it or do anything to it”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AB 343 at para 18.

(b) Mr Tan told the CNB officers that the Recycle Bag contained heroin and
ice, as he assumed it to be so. Mr Tan held this assumption because he had
previously collected drugs from Pal about six to seven times. On those
occasions, he would receive “either ‘heroin’ and ‘ice’ or a mixture of both”.
Mr Tan knew there must have been ice in the Recycle Bag because Pal told him
after lunch on 25 February 2020 that he had packed instruments for Mr Tan to
smoke ice together with some ice for that night’s collection. He had told Pal
that he needed a new “popeye”, ie, an instrument for consuming “ice”, and had
asked Pal for a new one. This is how he knew there would be “ice” in the
Recycle Bag. Mr Tan had assumed that heroin would also be involved based on
his previous experiences. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AB 343–344 at para 19.

(c) Normally, Mr Tan would collect only “01 pound of ‘heroin’ or 125 grams of
‘ice’, or a mixture of both”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AB 344 at para 20.

From the fourth collection onwards, there were occasions where he would
collect a combination of “01 batu of heroin and 125 grams of ‘ice’”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB 346 at para 26.

(d) As regards the receipt of extra drugs on the night when he was arrested,
Mr Tan said that he would have told Pal off. If Pal had tried to brush Mr Tan
off, Mr Tan would have warned Pal not to “put this amount of drugs without
letting [him] know next time”. However, Mr Tan would “still have continued to
drop off the drugs from this collection on ‘Pal’s’ instructions”. That said,
whether Mr Tan “would continue to do this [was] not confirmed as [he] felt
unhappy that ‘Pal’ had passed [him] drugs more than the usual amount collected
without informing [him] beforehand”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB 344 at para 20.

(e) Mr Tan clarified the answers in his contemporaneous statement (at [18]
above). First, the sums of “SGD$500 for 02 batu heroin, SGD$300 for 01 batu
heroin and 125g of Ice for SGD$200” had been agreed between Sal Poulez and Mr
Tan since Mr Tan started helping Sal Poulez. Second, Mr Tan had never taken
two “batu” of heroin from Sal Poulez. Third, “Pal” refers to “Sal Poulez”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AB 345 at para 24.

(f) Initially, Mr Tan started collecting and delivering drugs for Pal to feed
his own addiction. Subsequently, Mr Tan realised that, by delivering drugs for
Pal, he could afford to smoke heroin and “ice” without tapping into his
family’s expenses. That is why Mr Tan continued to collect and deliver drugs
for Pal. Mr Tan said that he never repacked Pal’s drugs; he had merely removed
the black tapes and wrapped the drugs in newspaper before delivering them. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB 347 at para 30.

22 In his third long statement recorded on 4 March 2020, Mr Tan confirmed that
he had read back the first and second long statements recorded a day earlier
and that he did not wish to make any amendments to them. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB 374 at para 48.

Mr Tan then went on to say that he did not touch the Four Bundles (marked
“E1A1”, “E1A2”, “E1B1” and “E1B2”) that were found in the Recycle Bag at all.
He had brought the Recycle Bag into the Car, and it was Mr Dineshkumar who
placed the Four Bundles into the Recycle Bag. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AB 374 at para 50.

23 Finally, Mr Tan reiterated the following in the fourth long statement,
recorded some months later on 18 August 2020:

(a) The Drugs were placed into the Recycle Bag by Mr Dineshkumar. While doing
so, Mr Dineshkumar did not say anything. Moreover, at no point in time did Mr
Tan handle the Drugs. The only conversation Mr Tan had with Mr Dineshkumar was
when he asked Mr Dineshkumar where Mr Dineshkumar was heading, to which the
latter replied that he was going back to the causeway. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AB 376 at para 57.

(b) Mr Tan also explained that when he said he would “still have continued to
drop off the [D]rugs from this collection despite the larger amount on ‘Pal’s’
instructions” (at [21(d)] above), this was hypothetical. Mr Tan thought that
since the Drugs were already in his hands, there was nothing else he could
have done with them. However, while it was probable for Mr Tan to have
continued to drop the Drugs off for Pal, Mr Tan was not certain if he would
have continued to help Pal as he was really upset at Pal at that point in time
for giving him more drugs than what he would typically receive without
informing him beforehand. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AB 377 at para 58.

Statements made by Mr Dineshkumar

24 Eight statements recorded from Mr Dineshkumar were admitted into evidence.
These were:

(a) a contemporaneous statement recorded by Sergeant Mohammad Nasrulhaq bin
Mohd Zainuddin (“Sgt Nasrulhaq”) under s 22 of the CPC from 11.36pm on 25
February 2020 to 1.04am on 26 February 2020 at the Multi-storey Car Park; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AB 189–193 (Exhibit P41); Translated version at AB 251–253 (Exhibit P47).

(b) a contemporaneous statement recorded by Sgt Nasrulhaq under s 22 of the
CPC on 26 February 2020 from 1.05am to 1.08am at the Multi-storey Car Park; 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AB 194 (Exhibit P42); Translated version at AB 251–253 (Exhibit P47).

(c) a cautioned statement recorded by Station Inspector Lee Swee Leng (“SI
Lee”) under s 23 of the CPC on 26 February 2020 from 2.00pm to 2.10pm at PCC;
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AB 268–270 (Exhibit P49).

(d) a long statement recorded by SI Lee under s 22 of the CPC on 3 March 2020
from 9.24am to 12.16pm at Central Police Division; 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AB 271–275 (Exhibit P50).

(e) a long statement recorded by SI Lee under s 22 of the CPC on 3 March 2020
from 2.24pm to 6.25pm at Central Police Division; 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AB 276–301 (Exhibit P51).

(f) a long statement recorded by ASP Fernandez under s 22 of the CPC on 4
March 2020 from 7.10pm to 10.00pm at PCC; 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AB 395–399 (Exhibit P59).

(g) a long statement recorded by ASP Fernandez under s 22 of the CPC on 18
August 2020 from 2.10pm to 4.21pm at Changi Prison Complex; 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB 400–411 (Exhibit P60).

and

(h) a long statement recorded by ASP Fernandez under s 22 of the CPC on 23
October 2020 from 2.48pm to 4.10pm at Changi Prison Complex. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB 412–414 (Exhibit P61).

25 While Sgt Nasrulhaq recorded the contemporaneous statements in the Malay
language by conversing with Mr Dineshkumar in Malay, SI Lee and ASP Fernandez
recorded the other statements in the English language. To do so, they were
assisted by a Tamil interpreter, Mdm Vijaya Thavamary Abraham (“Mdm Vijaya”).
Mdm Vijaya interpreted what the recording officers said in English to Mr
Dineshkumar in Tamil and then interpreted what Mr Dineshkumar said in Tamil to
the recording officers in English.

26 Before I set out the contents of these statements, I should state that it
is in his third long statement recorded by ASP Fernandez on 4 March 2020 that
Mr Dineshkumar admitted that he was delivering drugs at the material time (and
that he knew that the Four Bundles contained drugs). He did so as he hoped to
receive a lighter sentence for telling the truth. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AB 399 at paras 67–68.

Prior to that, essentially, Mr Dineshkumar denied any involvement with the
Drugs.

27 With that in mind, I go to the first contemporaneous statement. In it, Mr
Dineshkumar said that Mr Tan had passed the envelope containing the Cash to
him. His friend, one “Kelvin”, had told him to collect the money from Mr Tan
and bring it back to Kelvin in Malaysia. After entering the Car, Mr Tan told
him to drive. After that, Mr Tan took out the envelope containing the Cash and
handed it to Mr Dineshkumar. Mr Dineshkumar denied giving anything to Mr Tan;
nor had Kelvin paid him to take money from Mr Tan. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

AB 251–252.

Mr Dineshkumar’s account in the cautioned statement dated 26 February 2020 is
similar to the account set out above.

28 The first long statement made by Mr Dineshkumar on 3 March 2020 contains,
inter alia, the following:

(a) On the evening of 25 February 2020, Mr Dineshkumar received a phone call
from Kelvin, who asked Mr Dineshkumar to go to Singapore to collect some money
for him. Although Kelvin was his friend, Mr Dineshkumar did not know Kelvin’s
real name. He was an Indian who was about 25 years old. Mr Dineshkumar got to
know Kelvin from a mutual friend. By 25 February 2020, Mr Dineshkumar had
known Kelvin for about three months. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AB 271–272 at paras 6–7.

(b) When Kelvin asked Mr Dineshkumar to help him collect money in Singapore,
Kelvin told Mr Dineshkumar that his passport was about to expire. However,
Kelvin did not tell Mr Dineshkumar how much money he was supposed to collect
or what the money was meant for. Mr Dineshkumar thought that the money would
amount to S$1,000 to S$2,000. Mr Dineshkumar agreed to help Kelvin collect the
money because he wanted to return a favour to Kelvin, as the latter had been
sending Mr Dineshkumar to various locations for job interviews. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB 272–273 at para 11.

(c) After Mr Dineshkumar agreed to assist Kelvin, Kelvin arrived at Mr
Dineshkumar’s residence with his car (ie, the Car), and left immediately. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AB 273 at paras 12 and 14.

Thereafter, Mr Dineshkumar left his residence for Singapore at around 6.05pm.
Upon his arrival at the Tuas Checkpoint, Mr Dineshkumar was stopped by
immigration officers as they wanted to inspect the Car. The inspection took
about an hour. According to Mr Dineshkumar, the entire car was checked,
“starting from the bonnet to the boot”. Nothing was recovered by the
immigration officers from the Car. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AB 273 at paras 14–15.

(d) Kelvin provided Mr Dineshkumar with three locations consecutively. When Mr
Dineshkumar checked with Kelvin, Kelvin told him to proceed to the last
location to collect the money. At that location, Mr Tan boarded the Car and
asked Mr Dineshkumar to “drive one round”. While Mr Dineshkumar was driving,
he saw Mr Tan taking the white envelope out of the Recycle Bag and placing it
beside the handbrake. Thereafter, Mr Tan alighted at a traffic junction where
the Car had stopped. Mr Dineshkumar further added that: (i) he did not pass
anything to Mr Tan; (ii) Mr Dineshkumar only received the white envelope from
Mr Tan and did not open it; and (iii) Mr Tan did not take anything from the
Car. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB 274 at paras 16–20.

(e) This was the second occasion that he helped Kelvin to collect monies in
Singapore. The first was just a day before, on 24 February 2020. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AB 274–275 at paras 22–25; and AB 277 at para 35.

29 Mr Dineshkumar gave the second long statement about two hours after his
first long statement was recorded. Similar to the contents of earlier
statements, the gist of this statement is as follows:

(a) On the two occasions (ie, on 24 February 2020 and 25 February 2020) that
Kelvin handed the Car over to Mr Dineshkumar, Mr Dineshkumar did not check the
Car. At all material times, no one else apart from Mr Dineshkumar had access
to the Car. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AB 276 at para 27.

(b) On 25 February 2020, when Mr Dineshkumar put the envelope containing the
Cash into the armrest compartment of the Car, he felt that it was heavier than
the envelope that he had handled the day before. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AB 278 at para 46.

(c) When shown a photograph depicting the Recycle Bag and the plastic bags E1A
and E1B, Mr Dineshkumar identified the Recycle Bag as the one carried by Mr
Tan. However, Mr Dineshkumar had never seen nor touched E1A and E1B prior and
did not know who they belonged to. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AB 281 and 293 (Photograph 15).

Mr Dineshkumar also disavowed any knowledge of, or connection with, E1A1,
E1A2, E1B1 and E1B2. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB 281 and 294–296 (Photographs 16, 17, 19 and 20).

30 In the third long statement recorded from Mr Dineshkumar on 4 March 2020,
he admitted for the first time to delivering drugs for Kelvin and stated the
following:

(a) When Mr Dineshkumar first entered Singapore to deliver drugs for Kelvin on
24 February 2020, Kelvin had not told him the type or amount of drugs
involved. Neither had Mr Dineshkumar asked Kelvin about these because Mr
Dineshkumar knew he had to do the job for money, as he had just lost his job
at Permal Logistic and was about RM20,000 in debt. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AB 395 at para 57.

(b) On 24 February 2020, when Mr Dineshkumar took over the Car from Kelvin, he
did not know where the drugs were located in the Car. It was only after Mr
Dineshkumar entered Singapore that he called Kelvin and was told by the latter
that the drugs were kept in the Car’s boot. The 24 February 2020 delivery
involved one bundle of drugs. Once Mr Dineshkumar reached the location
provided by Kelvin and stopped his car, an Indian man boarded the Car. The
Indian man passed Mr Dineshkumar S$2000 in cash (which Mr Dineshkumar did not
expect to collect), and Mr Dineshkumar handed him the bundle of drugs. Upon Mr
Dineshkumar’s return to Malaysia, Kelvin paid him RM5,000 for the delivery. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AB 395–396 at paras 58–59.

(c) The next day, on 25 February 2020, Kelvin called Mr Dineshkumar in the
evening to inform him of another delivery task. Mr Dineshkumar took over the
Car without inspecting it. Mr Dineshkumar did not bother to check the car boot
as he felt that it was a good place to hide drugs. If Kelvin had really hidden
the drugs again in the car boot, Mr Dineshkumar was confident that he could
“clear [the] checkpoint without the drugs being detected”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AB 396 at para 60.

(d) After clearing the checkpoint, Mr Dineshkumar proceeded to “Jurong
Hospital”. While waiting there, Kelvin sent him the address of a location to
go to (subsequently established and undisputed at trial to be at Jalan Besar).
Mr Dineshkumar realised it would take 30 minutes to get there. Having been
subjected to heavy checks at the Tuas checkpoint, he was scared. Reluctant to
proceed, he expressed his concerns to Kelvin. Then, Kelvin sent another
address which was a location about 15 minutes away (later established and
undisputed at trial to be at Fishery Port Road). However, when Mr Dineshkumar
reached the location, Kelvin told him that the recipient had already left. As
such, Kelvin sent him the address of another location which was about 20
minutes away (established and undisputed at trial to be at Lorong 7 near the
entrance to the car park of Block 23). Before leaving Fishery Port Road, Mr
Dineshkumar located a black plastic bag containing one bundle of drugs wrapped
in black tape in the Car’s boot. He also found three more bundles of drugs
hidden in the boot. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AB 397 at para 61.

(e) Mr Dineshkumar decided to place all the drugs on the right rear passenger
seat. From within the Car, he then took one of the three bundles and put it
inside the black plastic bag (that was already containing a bundle of drugs).
Mr Dineshkumar then put the remaining two bundles into a white-coloured
plastic bag which was in the Car. Accordingly, the black and white plastic
bags each contained two bundles of drugs. Mr Dineshkumar then placed both
plastic bags under the driver’s seat. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AB 397–398 at para 62.

(f) After proceeding to the last location (ie, Lorong 7), Mr Dineshkumar
waited by the side of the road and called Kelvin to inform him that he had
arrived. Kelvin informed Mr Dineshkumar to pass the drugs to the recipient and
to collect money from him as well. Then, Mr Tan boarded the Car. While Mr
Dineshkumar was driving the Car, Mr Dineshkumar “used one hand to take the
black and white plastic bag under [his] seat, each containing 02 bundles
wrapped in black tape and passed it to [Mr Tan]”. Mr Dineshkumar “passed him
one plastic bag after the other”. Mr Tan “took the black and white plastic bag
each containing 02 bundles wrapped in black tape and put them inside his black
bag …”. Mr Tan then alighted from the Car at a traffic junction with his black
bag. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AB 398 at para 63.

(g) Mr Dineshkumar did not touch the Recycle Bag but had touched the two
plastic bags, E1A and E1B, as these were “where the 04 bundles … were kept
in”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AB 398 at para 66.

Mr Dineshkumar identified E1A1, E1A2, E1B1 and E1B2 as the Four Bundles of
drugs which he had passed to Mr Tan on 25 February 2020. Mr Dineshkumar knew
that the bundles were drugs as “Kelvin had told [him] that the bundles
contained drugs”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AB 399 at para 67.

(h) Mr Dineshkumar said that he did not tell the truth in his earlier
statements as he was afraid of the fact that he was facing a death sentence.
Mr Dineshkumar hoped that by being honest, he would receive a lighter
sentence. Mr Dineshkumar wished to cooperate with the CNB but did not have any
other information to give. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AB 399 at para 68.

31 Finally, the fourth and fifth long statements recorded on 18 August 2020
and 23 October 2020, respectively, provide, inter alia, the following:

(a) Kelvin told Mr Dineshkumar that the Four Bundles of drugs (ie, E1A1, E1A2,
E1B1 and E1B2) contained “ice”. Mr Dineshkumar initially told CNB that he did
not know what drugs were in the bundles because he had just been arrested and
could not think properly. Mr Dineshkumar did not know the quantity of “ice” in
the bundles. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AB 402 at para 76.

(b) Mr Dineshkumar’s prior delivery on 24 February 2020 involved just one
bundle of drugs wrapped in white tape. As the Four Bundles of drugs on 25
February 2020 were instead wrapped in black tape, Mr Dineshkumar asked Kelvin
what the bundles contained, and Kelvin told him they contained “ice”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AB 412 at paras 81–82.

Close of the Prosecution’s case

32 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, I found that there was sufficient
evidence against each of the accused persons to call for their defence. Mr Tan
and Mr Dineshkumar each gave evidence. They did not call any witnesses.

Mr Tan’s defence

33 Mr Tan, a 65-year-old Singaporean, has a Bachelor of Arts degree from an
Australian university. At the material time, he was working as a technical
support officer, earning $1,600 per month. He lived with his wife in the Unit.
Mr Tan began abusing drugs in his teens. Since then, he has not been able to
overcome his drug addiction. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Closing Submissions of Mr Tan Yew Kuan (“Tan CS”) at paras 4–5.

Apart from drug addiction, he had also been previously diagnosed with
depression and anxiety. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 41 ln 16 to ln 19.

34 Given the rather nuanced defence Mr Tan raises, I shall now set out his
evidence concerning drug deliveries in some detail. According to Mr Tan, a
Malaysian called “Boy Tanjong” used to supply him with drugs for his
consumption. Then, Boy Tanjong gave Mr Tan’s contact to another Malaysian, one
“Segar”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 45 ln 5 to ln 7; ln 19 to ln 23, p 46 ln 20 to ln 21.

Around end-December 2019, he began delivering drugs for Segar to support his
drug consumption. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 46 ln 17 to ln 18, p 47 ln 21 to 23, p 51 ln 24 to ln 25.

Segar told Mr Tan that at times, he would want Mr Tan to collect heroin, and
at other times, he would want Mr Tan to collect “ice”. He told Mr Tan that he
would “give [Mr Tan] $300 for each pound of heroin [he] collected. And then
[$]200 for each 125 gram of Ice that [he] collected.” Mr Tan said, “Okay, …
but [he] wouldn’t want to be taking anything more than that.” 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 47 ln 27 to ln 32.

This was because as a drug addict, he knew the “threshold for … capital
offence”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 48 ln 3 to ln 5.

35 The arrangement was that Segar would call him the night before to inform
him of an intended delivery of drugs which would be left at one of two agreed
drop-off points – either at the recycling bin or the ATM machine near Block
23. Mr Tan would collect the drugs, bring them home, clean the packaging, take
off the black duct tape, and re-wrap them in some newspaper. Then, he would
wait for Segar’s call again, which he would usually receive on the same day.
Thereafter, Mr Tan would be instructed to drop the drugs off at one of two
specified locations – again either at the recycling bin or the ATM machine
near Block 23. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 48 ln 7 to p 49 ln 31.

Later, Mr Tan started collecting cash left by those who picked up the drugs,
with the cash to be passed to Segar thereafter. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 51 ln 31 to ln 32.

36 However, on one occasion around 9 January 2020, Mr Tan discovered that
Segar delivered more than one pound of heroin to him. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 53 ln 5 to ln 15.

Unlike the previous occasions where he would pick up and drop off without
meeting anyone directly, he met an Indian couple for this pick up. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 52 ln 7 to ln 8.

When Mr Tan called Segar to confront the latter about the large amount of
drugs, saying that “[they] never agreed that [he] would … take more than one
---one pound. This was [their] prior agreement”, Segar repeatedly dismissed Mr
Tan’s concerns and told Mr Tan that he would be remunerated accordingly. As
such, Mr Tan was “quite fed up” with Segar and said that “the Ice and heroin
and all, [he would] reject it.” He also said that he did not “want to have
anything to do with this one and they should come pick it up”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 54 ln 12 to ln 30.

37 During a subsequent call, when Mr Tan argued with Segar regarding the
amount of heroin to be delivered, Segar told Mr Tan that he would call Mr Tan
back. It was Pal, another Malaysian, who returned the call and told Mr Tan
that Mr Tan would deal with Pal from then on and “won’t be dealing with Segar
anymore”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 54 ln 6 to p 55 ln 10.

Pal made contact with Mr Tan through the same Malaysian number used by Segar,
which Mr Tan saved on his handphone under the contact “Sal Poulez”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 55 ln 29 to p 56 ln 2.

Pal arranged to “take it back”, and assured him that he would personally deal
with Mr Tan, and that “he will make sure that [Mr Tan] don’t get anything more
than one and one”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 55 ln 7 to ln 17.

After Pal arranged to “take the thing back”, Mr Tan dealt with him for five to
seven times before his arrest. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 56 ln 4 to ln 6.

The same arrangement reached with Segar carried on in relation to the pick-up
and drop-off of the drugs, as well as the collection and delivery of cash. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 56 ln 21 to ln 22.

These collections and deliveries usually took place in the morning. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 48 ln 32 to p 49 ln 1.

38 On 23 February 2020, Pal said that he wanted cash that Mr Tan had collected
previously. Mr Tan told him that he needed some “ice” for consumption, as well
as three “popeyes” for consuming “ice”. Pal was meant to arrange for a drop-
off and pick-up on 24 February 2020. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 58 ln 25 to p 59 ln 2; p 61 ln 4 to ln 10.

Mr Tan testified that he did not need to pay for the small sachet of “ice”
(about three to five grams) for his consumption. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 61 ln 15 to ln 18.

After Pal failed to make the arrangements for 24 February 2020, there was a
series of calls between them on 25 February 2020, beginning from 11.38am, to
arrange for a drop-off and pick-up on the night of 25 February 2020. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 59 ln 17 to ln 21.

In particular, between 7.19pm and 10.17pm, there were nine calls of varying
durations between the parties. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Exhibit P44A, Annex G, Sal Poulez Call Logs, Items 9 to 17.

Mr Tan explained that he had to work late that night, and kept Pal updated as
to what time he could be expected to be back home, and when he would be
available for the transaction. In the meantime, Pal told him that the
“conveyor” had also been delayed. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 61 ln 19 to p 62 ln 18.

39 When Mr Tan entered the Car, Mr Dineshkumar was talking on his handphone
and rummaging under his seat. Mr Tan put the Recycle Bag on the floorboard of
the front passenger seat. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 65 ln 23 to ln 25.

Mr Tan does not remember if he told Mr Dineshkumar the Cash was in the Recycle
Bag and Mr Dineshkumar took it out or if he handed the Cash to Mr Dineshkumar.
101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 66 ln 3 to ln 5.

The car ride from Lorong 7 back to Lorong 6 lasted about one minute. When Mr
Tan carried the Recycle Bag to get out of the Car, he felt that it was quite
heavy. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 66 ln 26 to ln 29.

Mr Tan was vaguely aware of hearing a “thudding sound” on the floorboard while
he was in the Car although he did not exactly see Mr Dineshkumar putting
anything into the Recycle Bag. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 78 ln 18 to ln 24.

40 After Mr Tan’s arrest, he was brought back to the Unit. When Mr Tan saw
that there were four black bundles in the Recycle Bag, he knew he had been
played out by Pal. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 68 ln 20 to ln 22.

When Insp Eugene was recording his first contemporaneous statement, there was
a call from Pal. Insp Eugene asked if Mr Tan wanted to answer the call, and Mr
Tan said he wanted to and that he was going to “fuck him … [he] was going to
scold [Pal] actually.” He said, “[B]astard, you know, why so much drugs, you
know, why all the drugs.” Mr Tan said this was because he “never agreed to
take more than one pound of heroin at the time or 125 gram of Ice or a
combination of both [he] agreed to that.” He did not want to “take more than a
pound of heroin and more than that amount of Ice because [he] thought that
would be the gallows for [him]”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 69 ln 7 to ln 29.

41 To sum up, in relation to the night of 25 February 2020, Mr Tan’s defence
is that he did not know about the Drugs, much less their nature, until after
he was arrested by the CNB. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Tan CS at para 17.

Mr Tan was expecting to deliver money to Pal’s “conveyor” (who turned out to
be Mr Dineshkumar). He was not expecting to collect the Drugs at all. Instead,
as arranged with Pal, he was to collect some “ice” and three “popeyes” for
himself. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Tan CS paras 7 and 17.

I shall refer to this as “the Nature of Transaction Defence”. Connected to the
above, since Mr Tan did not know that he was to receive the Drugs that night,
he could not have formed an intention as to what he would do with the Drugs.
For this reason, Mr Tan was not in possession of the Drugs for the purposes of
trafficking. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Tan CS paras 17 and 19.

42 Further, as argued by his counsel, Mr Andre Jumabhoy (“Mr Jumabhoy”), Mr
Tan is “well-versed in the drug laws to know that a certain amount would carry
a death sentence and therefore agreed with the supplier that he would only
collect one pound of heroin (around 450g) and/or 125g of ice”. There was never
any agreement for him to traffic more than one pound of heroin (“the Alleged
Agreement”). 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Tan CS at paras 17, 18, 19 and 79.

Intertwined with all the above is the contention that on that night, Mr Tan
was not the intended recipient of the Drugs. The Drugs were meant to be
delivered to persons other than Mr Tan. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Tan CS paras 21–31.

Such surrounding circumstances bolster Mr Tan’s claim that he had no knowledge
of the nature of the Drugs and fortify his denial of an intention to traffic
the Drugs.

43 To explain the contents of the statements made during investigations,
including certain admissions, Mr Tan claims, inter alia, that he was
depressed, despondent and suicidal, and his intention was to end it all. There
are also other allegations concerning the accuracy of some aspects of the
statements (which I shall set out in due course).

Mr Dineshkumar’s defence

44 Turning to Mr Dineshkumar, he is a 31-year-old Malaysian living in Johor
Bahru. At the material time, he was unemployed. Before that, he worked as a
lorry driver, transferring goods for his company between Malaysia and
Singapore. Mr Dineshkumar was a drug addict, and Kelvin used to sell him “ice”
for his consumption. Another drug supplier introduced Kelvin to him. Prior to
his arrest, he had known Kelvin for about three months. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 11 ln 1 to p 13 ln 3.

45 Mr Dineshkumar’s fairly straightforward defence is that he did not have any
knowledge that he was delivering diamorphine at the material time. Instead, Mr
Dineshkumar was under the impression that he was only delivering “ice”. Mr
Dineshkumar was made to believe that he would be (and was) carrying only “ice”
by the words and assurances of Kelvin, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Closing Submissions of Mr Dineshkumar Sambusivam (“DK CS”) at paras 12–14.

who directed Mr Dineshkumar to bring drugs into Singapore. Separately, Mr
Dineshkumar also agreed to collect cash for Kelvin.

46 Turning to the statements made during investigations, Mr Dineshkumar seeks
to undermine the accuracy of those recorded with the assistance of Mdm Vijaya
by alleging that Mdm Vijaya fell short in carrying out her role as
interpreter. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

DK CS at paras 55–60.

The law

47 I now turn to the law. The relevant provisions within the MDA read:

Trafficking in controlled drugs

5.—(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person,
on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other
person is in Singapore —

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

…

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

By s 2 of the MDA, “traffic” is defined to include “give”, “transport”, “send”
and “deliver”.

48 In respect of a charge of trafficking under s 5(1) read with s 5(2) of the
MDA (as faced by Mr Tan), the elements to be established are: (a) possession
of the drugs; (b) knowledge of the nature of the drugs; and (c) proof that
possession of the drugs was for the purpose of trafficking which was not
authorised (Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters
[2014] 3 SLR 721 at [59]). For a charge of trafficking under s 5(1) of the MDA
(as faced by Mr Dineshkumar), the elements which need to be established are:
(a) the act of trafficking in the controlled drug which was not authorised;
and (b) knowledge of the nature of the drugs.

49 In relation to possession and knowledge, s 18 of the MDA contains these
rebuttable presumptions:

Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs

18.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control —

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

…

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

50 When dealing with the element of possession, the Prosecution may rely on
the presumption in s 18(1) of the MDA or seek to prove that the accused person
had actual knowledge that the thing which turns out to be a controlled drug
was within his possession, custody or control. If the Prosecution relies on
the s 18(1) presumption, the accused person may rebut this presumption by
either establishing, on a balance of probabilities, that (i) he was never in
possession of or never had custody of or control over the container, keys or
document referred to in s 18(1), or (ii) that he was never aware that the
thing which was later found to be a drug was in his custody: Adili Chibuike
Ejike v Public Prosecutor [2019] 2 SLR 254 (“Adili”) at [40].

51 As regards s 18(2) of the MDA, the presumption will be rebutted where an
accused person establishes, on a balance of probabilities, that he did not
know the nature of the drugs in his possession. This would be the case where
the accused person was able to prove that he believed he was carrying
something innocuous (even if he is unable to specify exactly what that was) or
where the accused person was able to prove that he believed he was carrying
some other illegal item or drug other than the specific drug in his
possession: Gobi a/l Avedian v Public Prosecutor (“Gobi”) [2021] 1 SLR 180 at
[57] and [59]. That said, an accused person who was merely indifferent to or
ignorant of what he was carrying would not be able to rebut the presumption in
s 18(2): Gobi at [64].

Decision: Mr Tan

52 I turn to consider the case against Mr Tan.

Knowing possession

53 As set out above at [48], the first element to be established is the
possession of the Drugs. However, for the purposes of the MDA, possession has
been interpreted to mean not just the fact of physical possession or custody
but also to incorporate an element of knowledge. As regards the sort of
knowledge required, all that is needed is that the accused person must know of
the existence, within his possession, control or custody, of the thing which
is later found to be a controlled drug. To be clear, it is not necessary that
the accused person also knows that the thing was, in fact, a prohibited drug,
much less its specific nature: Adili at [31].

Whether the Prosecution ran a different case at trial

54 Mr Tan does not dispute that he was in physical possession of the Recycle
Bag, which contained, inter alia, the Drugs when he alighted from the Car.
Accordingly, the Prosecution invokes s 18(1)(a) of the MDA for the presumption
that Mr Tan had the Drugs in his knowing possession. However, in his closing
submissions, Mr Jumabhoy argues that a line of questioning taken by the
Prosecution in the cross-examination of Mr Tan shows that the Prosecution’s
case against Mr Tan is one of wilful blindness. Accordingly, it is
impermissible for the Prosecution to rely on s 18(1) of the MDA to presume
that Mr Tan was wilfully blind to the presence of the Drugs in his possession.
In fact, Mr Jumabhoy proceeded on the basis that the Prosecution was running
its case based on wilful blindness and focused on how the Prosecution had
failed to establish the elements of wilful blindness. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Tan CS at paras 44–49.

55 In my view, the questions posed to Mr Tan during cross-examination by the
Prosecution must be considered in totality and in their context. This requires
an examination of the Prosecution’s opening statement, its cross-examination
of Mr Tan, and closing submissions. So viewed, it is clear to me that the
Prosecution’s case against Mr Tan is not one of wilful blindness, despite that
particular line of questioning by the Prosecution, as relied on by Mr
Jumabhoy. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

NE, 24 March 2023, p 36 ln 15 to p 37 ln 17.

Nowhere in the Prosecution’s opening statement and closing submissions did it
refer to the doctrine of wilful blindness. In fact, the opening statement
clearly states: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Prosecution’s Opening Statement at para 21(a).

The Prosecution will rely on the presumptions under ss 18(1)(a) and (2) of the
MDA. The Prosecution will show that Tan is unable to rebut, on a balance of
probabilities, the presumptions under s 18(1)(a) and (2) of the MDA that he
was in possession of the Drugs (at the stated quantity) and that he knew that
the Drugs contained diamorphine, in view of, among other things, his admission
that he had collected several bundles, including the Three Bundles, from
Dineshkumar and that the bundles contained ‘heroin’ and ‘ice’.

56 As such, when Mr Tan gave his evidence-in-chief, he was well aware of the
Prosecution’s case against him, which relies on the ss 18(1)(a) and (2)
presumptions of the MDA. On that premise, he provided his defence to address
the allegations against him, setting out his account of the facts and
circumstances of the relevant events. Moreover, it is clear that, when read in
context, the Prosecution’s questions (as shown in the notes of evidence
extracted by Mr Jumabhoy) 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Tan CS at para 43.

were targeted at showing that Mr Tan was indifferent to the nature of the
drugs he was collecting from Pal through Mr Dineshkumar. To elaborate, these
questions concerned whether Mr Tan took any steps to open the plastic bags so
as to “verify” their contents. In my view, this line of questioning was
primarily aimed at demonstrating that Mr Tan is unable to rebut the
presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA. For the avoidance of doubt,
the element of knowledge is distinct from that of knowing possession. This
coheres with established law that an accused person who was merely indifferent
to or ignorant of what he was carrying would not be able to rebut the
presumption in s 18(2): Gobi at [64].

57 In any event, the Prosecution is only precluded from invoking the
presumption under s 18(1) of the MDA if its case proceeds solely on the basis
that the accused person had been wilfully blind: Adili at [100]. This is
certainly not the case here. Insofar as Mr Jumabhoy has chosen to focus on the
issue of wilful blindness in the closing submissions, Mr Tan is in no way
prejudiced. The closing submissions deal fully with the evidence at the trial
and the substance of Mr Tan’s defence (as outlined above from [33] onwards).
Further, Mr Tan filed reply closing submissions and had the opportunity to
respond to the Prosecution’s closing submissions which clearly also relied on
the presumption under s 18(1) of the MDA.

Whether Mr Tan has rebutted the presumption

58 Returning to the s 18(1)(a) presumption, as mentioned (at [54] above), Mr
Tan accepts that, when he alighted from the Car, he was in physical possession
of the plastic bags, E1A and E1B, which contained the Drugs. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

NE, 23 March 2023, p 88 ln 1 to ln 5.

The issue for my determination is whether Mr Tan has successfully rebutted the
presumption under s 18(1)(a) of the MDA by proving, on a balance of
probabilities, that he was never aware that the Drugs were in his custody.

59 In my judgment, Mr Tan has failed to establish that he was not aware that
the Drugs were in his custody. During cross-examination, Mr Tan admitted that
he knew that certain things were placed in the Recycle Bag by Mr Dineshkumar
while Mr Tan was in the Car. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE, 23 March 2023, p 76 ln 7 to ln 22; p 77 ln 13 to ln 20; and p 79 ln 28 to
ln 31.

When he exited the Car, Mr Tan felt that the bag was heavy. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 66 ln 24 to p 67 ln 6; and NE, 24 March 2023, p 38 ln 28
to ln 30 and p 39 ln 13 to ln 16.

In his contemporaneous statements, Mr Tan said that E1A and E1B contained
“heroin and ‘ice’” [emphasis added] belonging to Sal Poulez (ie, Pal) and that
Mr Tan was supposed to drop them off at a specified location as instructed by
Sal Poulez. I note that Mr Tan alleges that he did not use the conjunctive
“and” (but that he used the conjunctive “or”). As explained later at
[92]–[96], I reject this allegation.

60 For present purposes, what is important is that Mr Tan does not dispute
that he knew he was carrying drugs at the material time. In fact, this was Mr
Tan’s consistent position during investigations and at trial. By the Nature of
Transaction Defence, raised only at trial, Mr Tan claims that he was expecting
small quantities of “ice” and three “popeyes” to be delivered to him (albeit
for his personal use). I shall deal with the Nature of Transaction Defence
from [67] below. In any event, by the time Mr Tan exited the Car with the
Recycle Bag, however, he knew it was heavy and must have contained things
other than some “ice” and three “popeyes”. Therefore, I am not satisfied that
Mr Tan has established that he was not aware that the Drugs were in his
possession so as to rebut the s 18(1)(a) presumption.

Whether Mr Tan or Mr Dineshkumar placed the Drugs into the Recycle Bag

61 For completeness, in relation to this issue, I should mention that Mr Tan
takes objection to the fact that the contradictory positions taken by Mr Tan
and Mr Dineshkumar during investigations as to who placed the Drugs into the
Recycle Bag were never clarified by the investigation officers. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Tan CS at para 41.

As such, a factual ambiguity has arisen and, so says Mr Tan, the court must
resolve the ambiguity in his favour.

62 In his long statement recorded on 18 August 2020, Mr Tan said that he did
not handle the Drugs at all; they were placed into the Recycle Bag by Mr
Dineshkumar. In contrast, in Mr Dineshkumar’s long statement recorded on 4
March 2020, he stated that he passed the two plastic bags, E1A and E1B, to Mr
Tan during the car ride. It was Mr Tan who then placed the plastic bags into
the Recycle Bag. Notwithstanding this, during cross-examination, Mr
Dineshkumar disavowed his earlier narrative and admitted that Mr Tan had no
role in placing E1A and E1B into the Recycle Bag. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Tan CS at paras 38–39; NE, 27 March 2023, p 61 ln 4 to ln 7; and NE, 27 March
2023, p 60 ln 12 to ln 18.

63 According to Mr Tan, as Mr Dineshkumar would gain nothing by lying about
this, he must have been telling the truth while he was on the stand. In any
event, if there is any doubt as to who is telling the truth, the benefit must
be given to Mr Tan. Moreover, this apparent contradiction in the statements
was never clarified by the CNB officers during investigations, despite it
being a material aspect in the Prosecution’s case (the Prosecution had put to
Mr Tan during cross-examination that he was the one who placed E1A and E1B
into the Recycle Bag). 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Tan CS at para 42; see NE, 23 March 2023, p 78 ln 21 to ln 23.

64 In finding that Mr Tan has failed to rebut the presumption under s 18(1)(a)
of the MDA, I have proceeded on the basis that Mr Tan knew that Mr Dineshkumar
placed certain things into the Recycle Bag (see [59] above). Effectively, I
have resolved any ambiguity or discrepancy in favour of Mr Tan. For clarity, I
state that I accept that Mr Dineshkumar placed the plastic bags, E1A and E1B,
into the Recycle Bag.

Knowledge

65 With that, I turn to the element of knowledge. As Mr Tan is presumed to
have had the Drugs in his possession pursuant to s 18(1)(a) of the MDA, the
presumption of knowledge (that Mr Tan knew the nature of the Drugs) under s
18(2) of the MDA applies. The main issue I have to consider is whether Mr Tan
has successfully rebutted this presumption.

Whether the Prosecution ran a different case at trial

66 Similar to the element of knowing possession above, Mr Tan takes issue with
the Prosecution for purportedly running a different case at trial. While the
Prosecution suggested in its opening that it was relying on the presumption
under section 18(2) of the MDA, the questions put by the Prosecution to Mr Tan
during cross-examination suggest that its case is based on actual knowledge or
wilful blindness. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Tan CS at para 50.

As such, Mr Jumabhoy urges me to decide Mr Tan’s state of mind on the basis of
wilful blindness. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Tan CS at para 55.

For the same reasons which I stated (at [55]–[57] above), there is no merit in
this argument. Accordingly, I decline to decide Mr Tan’s state of mind on the
basis of wilful blindness. Instead, I shall direct my mind to the question of
whether Mr Tan has successfully rebutted the presumption of knowledge.

The Nature of Transaction Defence

67 As set out at [38] above, Mr Tan’s main defence is that he was only
expecting to deliver money to Pal’s “conveyor” and collect some “ice” and
three “popeyes” for himself on the night of 25 February 2020 ie, the Nature of
Transaction Defence. On the other hand, the Prosecution argues that the Nature
of Transaction Defence is a fabricated afterthought that ought to be rejected.
In my judgment, Mr Tan’s Nature of Transaction Defence should be rejected for
the following reasons.

(1) Mr Tan’s purported reactions after the arrest

68 In support of the defence, Mr Tan highlights his reactions after the
Recycle Bag was opened in his presence in the Unit to reveal the Four Bundles.
126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Tan CS at paras 83–84; and Reply Closing Submissions of Mr Tan Yew Kuan (“Tan
RCS”) at para 15.

69 As set out above at [20(d)], in his first long statement, Mr Tan said that
upon his arrest while on the way home, the Recycle Bag was opened, and he was
shown the contents of the Recycle Bag by the CNB officers. He cursed Pal for
doing “a dirty deed” to him. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

AB 340 at para 11.

Thereafter, he was brought up to the Unit.

70 However, in his evidence at trial, consistent with the evidence of the CNB
officers, Mr Tan testified that the Recycle Bag was opened and its contents
revealed to him in the Unit. Mr Tan said that he felt “played out”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 68 ln 11 to ln 22.

However, he did not mention that he cursed aloud (see [40] above). I shall
refer to the opening of the Recycle Bag in the Unit as “the first point in
time”.

71 A little later, as set out in his first long statement (see [20(e)] above),
Mr Tan said that when his handphone rang while he was in the Unit, he felt
very agitated and told the officers that he wanted to “fuck” Pal for
delivering the amount of drugs in question without informing Mr Tan
beforehand. He would do so before saying what the CNB had wanted him to say.
In his evidence (as set out at [40] above), he said this happened while Insp
Eugene was recording his first contemporaneous statement. I shall refer to
this as “the second point in time”.

72 For context, in the living room of the Unit, SI Alwin handed a tamper-proof
bag containing the Recycle Bag to Staff Sergeant Phang Yee Leong James (“SSgt
James”). At about 10.41pm, SSgt James cut open the tamper-proof bag and
conducted a search of the Recycle Bag. This was when its contents were
revealed. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

AB 117 at para 11, AB 125 at para 11, AB 131 at para 10.

Staff Sergeant Low Yi Xun (“SSgt Low”) was there to assist. In the conditioned
statements of SSgt James, SI Alwin and SSgt Low, nothing was mentioned of Mr
Tan’s reaction. In cross-examining these officers, Mr Tan did not ask about
this purported reaction of his. For completeness, I should add that SI Alwin
and SSgt Low were the arresting officers. They said that Mr Tan was arrested
standing and was not pushed to the ground, contrary to Mr Tan’s assertion
(that he was tackled onto the ground). 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

AB 340 at para 11.

According to SI Alwin, it was a normal arrest. Neither was asked about a
reaction by Mr Tan to the contents of the Recycle Bag at the point of arrest.

73 Turning to the second point in time, Insp Eugene testified that from
10.45pm onwards, he instructed SSgt James to pause the search of the Recycle
Bag, after which Insp Eugene commenced the recording of the contemporaneous
statements in the living room. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

AB 109 at para 12; AB 131 at para 11; NE, 7 March 2023, p 30 ln 10 to ln 26.

When Mr Tan’s handphone rang, and during his discussion with Mr Tan about
answering the calls, Mr Tan did not express his frustration regarding Pal’s
actions, contradicting Mr Tan’s evidence. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE, 7 March 2023, p 93 ln 19 to ln 20.

It was put to Insp Eugene that when Mr Tan was asked if he would like to
answer a call from Pal’s number, Mr Tan said yes, but that “first, [he wants]
to fuck him for sending [him] so much drugs”. Insp Eugene disagreed. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NE, 7 March 2023, p 32 ln 15 to ln 19.

When cross-examined, SSgt James, SI Alwin and SSgt Low were unable to shed
light on the conversation between Insp Eugene and Mr Tan. They were not paying
attention to the statement recording process as they were occupied with other
matters in the Unit. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NE, 7 March 2023, p 76 ln 31 to p 77 ln 2; NE, 21 March 2023, p 17 ln 30 to ln
32; NE, 7 March 2023, p 17 ln 21 to ln 27.

74 To sum up, the three officers, ie, SSgt James, SI Alwin James and SSgt Low,
were not asked about the purported reaction at the first point in time – when
the contents of the Recycle Bag were revealed. They were only asked about what
happened at the second point in time. Furthermore, Mr Tan did not mention this
aspect in his testimony. Nor did he raise this in his closing submissions. It
would seem that Mr Tan no longer relies on this aspect raised in the first
long statement. For the avoidance of doubt, I find that there was no such
reaction upon seeing the contents of the Recycle Bag.

75 SSgt James, SI Alwin James and SSgt Low did not know what was said between
Insp Eugene and Mr Tan when Insp Eugene was interviewing Mr Tan. As these
officers had other duties at the time, I do not treat their failure to notice
any strong reaction by Mr Tan against Mr Tan’s defence. To me, this would have
been a neutral point. However, Insp Eugene’s evidence clearly contradicts that
of Mr Tan. I see no reason to doubt Insp Eugene’s account. At the material
time, Insp Eugene’s focus would have been on Mr Tan. It is unlikely that he
would have missed the strong reaction (if any). I pause to observe that the
sentiment underlying the purported reaction ie, that Mr Tan had been deceived,
was not reflected in either the first or the second contemporaneous statement.
In these statements, Insp Eugene had duly recorded Mr Tan’s other responses,
which included those that implicated Pal in the transaction. If Mr Tan said to
Insp Eugene that he had been deceived by Pal, I do not see any reason for Insp
Eugene to deliberately leave out this important detail, contrary to what Mr
Tan seems to suggest. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE, 7 March 2023, p 32 ln 20 to ln 23.

This is because even if Pal had deceived Mr Tan concerning the quantity of
drugs involved, it does not necessarily mean that Mr Tan would be exculpated.
In light of the discussion above, as well as what I shall discuss below, I do
not accept Mr Tan’s account of his purported reaction at the second point in
time.

76 Presumably, Mr Tan claims to have reacted as such because he was to collect
only some “íce” and three “popeyes” that night ie, the Nature of Transaction
Defence, and that, in any case, the agreement was that he would not take more
than one pound of heroin and 125g of “ice”, ie, the Alleged Agreement. Taking
his account of the purported reaction at the second point in time at the
highest, they do not go far to support the Nature of Transaction Defence.
Essentially, Mr Tan’s concern seemed to be that he was deceived into taking
delivery of a large quantity of drugs per se. His reaction was not in relation
to being deceived into taking delivery of any drugs at all, other than some
“ice” for his own consumption. In fact, Mr Tan’s account seriously detracts
from the Nature of Transaction Defence. The fact that I disbelieve his account
of the purported reaction at the second point in time also undermines, albeit
perhaps to a lesser extent, his claim in relation to the Alleged Agreement.

(2) Mr Tan’s failure to mention the Nature of Transaction Defence in the
investigation statements

77 Next, while the Nature of Transaction Defence forms the core of Mr Tan’s
defence, it is conspicuously absent in all the investigation statements.

(A) The contemporaneous statements

78 As discussed above, the Nature of Transaction Defence is absent from the
first and second contemporaneous statements recorded by Insp Eugene after Mr
Tan’s arrest. In particular, there is no mention at all about how Mr Tan was
deceived by Pal. As discussed above at [75], I accept that Insp Eugene had no
reason not to record such an important detail in the contemporaneous
statements, especially the second one, if Mr Tan had told him about his
predicament.

79 The third contemporaneous statement was recorded by SSgt Eric from about
12.15am, about two hours after Mr Tan’s arrest. When Mr Tan was asked
specifically whether he knew how much drugs he was supposed to collect ie,
Question 26, Mr Tan answered, “No. I do not know”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

AB 152 (Q/A 26).

At trial, Mr Tan explained that he did not raise the Nature of Transaction
Defence in response to Question 26 because he wanted to implicate himself so
that he could receive the death penalty. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NE, 24 March 2023, p 17 ln 18 to ln 21.

Mr Tan was feeling despondent at the time and wanted to “get it done with”.
138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE, 24 March 2023, p 15 ln 22 to ln 26.

However, in my view, it is difficult to see how Mr Tan’s answer of “No. I do
not know” bears out his alleged state of mind when the answer is essentially a
denial. If Mr Tan had truly wanted to implicate himself to receive the death
penalty, he would have provided an inculpatory answer to Question 26 rather
than claiming that he was ignorant of how much drugs he was supposed to
collect that night.

80 Further, at trial, Mr Tan also provided inconsistent accounts as to what he
told SSgt Eric in response to Question 26. During the cross-examination of
SSgt Eric, Mr Tan’s case was that the answer was a shortened form of what he
was telling SSgt Eric. In fact, Mr Tan had meant to say that he had no
expectation of collecting anything on that day. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE, 7 March 2023, p 53 ln 17 to ln 22.

However, this account, as put to SSgt Eric, is at odds with Mr Tan’s alleged
state of mind, ie, that he wanted to implicate himself, as well as the Nature
of Transaction Defence, ie, that he was expecting only some “ice” and
“popeyes”.

81 Immediately after his answer to Question 26, Mr Tan was asked if he had
anything else to tell or if he wanted to help CNB, ie, Question 27. Mr Tan
answered that he wished to cooperate but did not know who to incriminate. It
is incongruous for Mr Tan to offer to cooperate with the CNB if he had wanted
to implicate himself and be sentenced to suffer death at that time. Mr Tan
also did not provide any satisfactory explanation for the inconsistency of the
answer with his alleged state of mind. When asked about the inconsistency, Mr
Tan could only say that he did not know why, and his mind was muddled at that
point in time. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

NE, 24 March 2023, p 17 ln 25 to ln 28.

82 In my view, the absence of the Nature of Transaction Defence in all three
contemporaneous statements, and its absence from the third contemporaneous
statement, despite Mr Tan expressing a wish to cooperate with the CNB and his
preparedness to implicate someone else, suggest that the Nature of Transaction
Defence is an afterthought. For completeness, I note that there is medical
evidence regarding Mr Tan’s state of mind at the relevant time, which I shall
deal with from [84] below.

(B) The cautioned statement

83 Similarly, Mr Tan also failed to raise the Nature of Transaction Defence in
his cautioned statement that was recorded a day following his arrest. The
cautioned statement is brief as Mr Tan merely stated, “I did what I did. I am
guilty”. The key issue for me to decide is what exactly Mr Tan’s state of mind
was at the material time. In this regard, Mr Jumabhoy argues that there is “a
real risk of taking things too literally” 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Tan CS at para 78.

as Mr Tan was “really resigned and despondent” and was trying to kill himself.
As such, Mr Tan wanted to implicate himself at that point in time. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Tan CS at para 76.

Unsurprisingly, the Prosecution’s position is that Mr Tan did not labour
suicidal thoughts at the material time, and his expression of a desire to
implicate himself is a mere afterthought.

84 I reject Mr Tan’s claim that he was suicidal mainly because it is
discredited by the evidence of the psychiatrist from the Institute of Mental
Health (“IMH”), Dr Christopher Cheok (“Dr Cheok”). Dr Cheok examined Mr Tan on
three occasions on 6, 9 and 11 March 2020 after Mr Tan’s arrest on 25 February
2020. In his psychiatric report dated 17 March 2020, Dr Cheok observed that Mr
Tan’s “mood was euthymic”, and there were “no psychotic symptoms and no
thought disorder”. There were no “feelings of passivity”, and “there were no
thoughts of suicide or violence”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Exhibit P33 at para 12.

Dr Cheok concluded that Mr Tan suffered from “severe substance use disorder”.
He also had “a past history of depression (which was in remission)”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Exhibit P33 at para 15.

In his testimony, Dr Cheok was clear that Mr Tan was not suicidal prior to the
offence. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE, 22 February 2023, p 20 ln 8 to ln 29; p 21 ln 3 to ln 10; p 34 ln 16 to ln
20 and p 35 ln 13.

This opinion was based on Mr Tan’s narrative when interviewed by Dr Cheok and
Dr Cheok’s professional assessment.

85 Mr Tan also says that on 9 March 2020, he had remarked to Dr Cheok that (i)
prior to the offence, he made no attempt at suicide but “did think of it” and
(ii) Mr Tan knew it would “be the gallows” for him and wanted a “quick way to
go”. These were recorded in Dr Cheok’s medical notes. I agree with the
Prosecution that Mr Tan’s purported claim on 9 March 2020 that he had suicidal
ideations must be viewed with circumspection considering Mr Tan’s indication
to Dr Cheok just three days before ie, 6 March 2020, that he was not suicidal
prior to the offence. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Exhibit D-1 at p 4; and NE, 22 February 2023, p 34 ln 16 to ln 20 and p 35 ln
13.

In any event, Dr Cheok’s considered opinion, based on a holistic psychiatric
assessment of Mr Tan, is that he was not suicidal prior to the offence. For
completeness, as regards Mr Tan’s remark that he wanted a “quick way to go”,
Dr Cheok testified that it did not necessarily point to “a certain darkness in
terms of [Mr Tan’s] mindset” at the material time because it could simply be a
“very logical, straightforward” response. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

NE, 22 February 2023, p 21 ln 16 to ln 23.

86 During his examination-in-chief, Mr Tan stated that during Dr Cheok’s
medical examination, Mr Tan asked Dr Cheok if the latter was familiar with the
terms “suicide by cops” or “suicide by police”. He told Dr Cheok that he had
wanted to commit “suicide by cops”, 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 76 ln 15 to ln 21.

but Dr Cheok failed to record this material fact in his notes and consider it
in assessing Mr Tan’s state of mind. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE, 22 February 2023, p 23 ln 23 to ln 24; Tan CS at para 77.

In my view, apart from Mr Tan’s bare assertion, which was categorically denied
by Dr Cheok, there is no credible reason why Dr Cheok would deliberately lie
and omit this crucial piece of evidence if it existed. Nothing suggests that
Dr Cheok is not an independent and objective witness.

87 By the above, I reject Mr Tan’s claim regarding his suicidal ideations. For
completeness, I note that Mr Tan argues that, in any event, his cautioned
statement is no more than an expression of despondency in the situation he had
found himself in rather than an admission of guilt. As he was not thinking
rationally, no weight should be attached to the cautioned statement. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Tan CS at para 78.

I first observe that Mr Tan has conceded during cross-examination that he had
failed to furnish any credible reason for failing to raise his Nature of
Transaction Defence in his cautioned statement. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE, 24 March 2023, p 47 ln 23 to ln 26.

Even if I give Mr Tan the benefit of the doubt, by giving no weight to the
cautioned statement, the fact remains that Mr Tan’s Nature of Transaction
Defence is absent in his contemporaneous statements (see [78]–[82] above) and
long statements (see below).

(C) The long statements

88 Lastly, the Prosecution also contends that Mr Tan’s Nature of Transaction
Defence does not feature in any of his long statements. In contrast, Mr Tan
points to paragraph 19 of his second long statement, as recorded on 3 March
2020 by ASP Fernandez, to argue that he had raised the Nature of Transaction
Defence during investigations. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NE, 23 March 2023, p 54 ln 10 to ln 21.

The material sentence reads: 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

AB 343 at para 19.

I wish to say that during the time ‘Pal’ had called me after lunch on
25/02/2020, ‘Pal’ had told me that he had pack [sic] instrument for me to
smoke ‘ice’ together with some ‘ice’ for the night’s collection.

89 In my view, the sentence does not assist Mr Tan very much. All it states is
that the collection for the night would include some “ice” and an instrument
to smoke the “ice”. It does not state that the package would only contain
three “popeyes” and a small amount of “ice” (ie, the Nature of Transaction
Defence). Indeed, the sentence must be read in context. Right before that
sentence, Mr Tan said the following in paragraph 19:

I told the officers that the contents in the black recyclable shopping bag
were ‘heroin’ and ‘ice’. I had assumed that it was ‘heroin’ and ‘ice’. I had
this assumption because I had done collections for the past 06 to 07 times and
it was either ‘heroin’ and ‘ice’ or a mixture of both. …

90 Therefore, I fail to see how the sentence in paragraph 19 is supposed to
assist Mr Tan because that very paragraph reveals Mr Tan’s expectation of what
he would be carrying as it says Mr Tan had assumed that there would heroin and
“ice”. At best, Mr Tan could be said to be merely indifferent to the presence
of heroin, in addition to “ice”. However, an accused person who was merely
indifferent to what he was carrying would not be able to rebut the presumption
of knowledge in s 18(2): Gobi at [64].

91 By the above, I reject Mr Tan’s explanations for his failure to state the
Nature of Transaction Defence in the investigation statements. This hampers
his attempt to rebut the presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA.

(3) The contemporaneous statements contradict the Nature of Transaction
Defence

92 Apart from the fact that the Nature of Transaction Defence is absent in the
investigation statements, in my view, it is also contradicted by the contents
of Mr Tan’s contemporaneous statements. The plain words of the first
contemporaneous statements are that the Four Bundles ie, E1A1, E1A2, E1B1 and
E1B2 contained heroin and “ice”.

93 At trial, when confronted with the first contemporaneous statement recorded
by Insp Eugene, Mr Tan initially accepted that he had probably told Insp
Eugene that E1A and E1B contained heroin and “ice” 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE, 24 March 2023, p 4 ln 6 to ln 10.

but later asserted that what he said was “heroin or ice” as he had no idea
what the contents of the bundles were and was just speculating. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE, 24 March 2023, p 5 ln 1 to ln 5.

According to Mr Tan, he could have overlooked the mistake and just signed. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

NE, 24 March 2023, p 4 ln 20 to ln 24.

However, this was flatly denied by Insp Eugene who firmly testified that Mr
Tan had said that the bundles contained “heroin and ice”. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE, 7 March 2023, p 33 ln 9 to ln 10.

94 In my view, Mr Tan’s position is unbelievable. In the first place, this
claim that he said “heroin or ice” was not raised in Mr Tan’s examination-in-
chief. Mr Tan appended his signature at the bottom of the two pages of the
first contemporaneous statement. It is also incredible that Mr Tan would have
“overlooked” the mistake on two occasions because, in the third
contemporaneous statement, recorded by another officer, ie, SSgt Eric, it was
also stated that the four bundles contained “heroin and ice” [emphasis added].
158

##### Foot Note 158

×

AB 148 (Q/A3).

There is no reason why two different officers would have recorded the same
conjunctive “and” if Mr Tan had indeed verbalised the word “or” to them. I
shall deal with the allegations against SSgt Eric shortly. More detrimental to
Mr Tan’s position is the fact that in the third contemporaneous statement, Mr
Tan was recorded as saying that he “[did] not know which is Heroin, which is
Ice” immediately after identifying the Four Bundles as “Heroin and Ice”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

AB 148 (Q/A3).

This clearly indicates that Mr Tan knew that he was carrying both heroin and
“ice”.

95 At trial, Mr Tan sought to cast doubt on the veracity of the third
contemporaneous statement by claiming that he did not bother to read it and
had simply signed where SSgt Eric had told him to sign because he was very
resigned and despondent and had wanted to “just get it done with”. Mr Tan had
an altercation with SSgt Eric and was not “in a very good frame of mind at
that time”. According to Mr Tan, he had an altercation with SSgt Eric because
the latter was insisting that Mr Tan was guilty and hurrying the recording
process. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE, 24 March 2023, p 14 ln 30 to p 15 ln 9 and p 15 ln 20 to ln 31.

96 I am unable to accept the allegations made by Mr Tan. For a start, I note
that SSgt Eric denied that he failed to record what Mr Tan said, ie, “heroin
or ice”, but recorded “heroin and ice” instead. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

NE, 7 March 2023, p 65 ln 25 to p 66 ln 1.

SSgt Eric also denied that he refused to reflect what Mr Tan was telling him.
SSgt Eric explained that the recording process took quite long because he had
to clarify Mr Tan’s answers. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

NE, 7 March 2023, p 52 ln 17 to ln 26.

More importantly, as explained above at [94], taken in context, it was clear
that Mr Tan meant “heroin and ice”. As for the allegation of the altercation,
pertinently, Mr Tan made no complaints against SSgt Eric despite the improper
conduct alleged against SSgt Eric. While Mr Tan allegedly complained about
SSgt Eric’s unreasonable behaviour to ASP Fernandez, 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE, 24 March 2023, p 20 ln 25 to ln 28 and p 21 ln 1 to ln 2.

this is contradicted by ASP Fernandez’s unchallenged account that Mr Tan did
not make any complaints regarding the statement recorded by SSgt Eric. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE, 21 March 2023, p 49 ln 29 to ln 31.

97 Even if I were to assume in Mr Tan’s favour that the first and third
contemporaneous statements should read “heroin or ice”, there is no reason for
Mr Tan to have identified the Four Bundles (which were wrapped in black tape)
as “heroin or ice” if he had only been expecting some “ice” and “popeyes” as
per the Nature of Transaction Defence. Even taking Mr Tan’s case at the
highest and proceeding on the basis that he was expecting some “ice” and
“popeyes”, it is hard to believe that he had no inkling what could be within
the Four Bundles. Further, assuming there was the Alleged Agreement between Mr
Tan and Pal, it would have been perfectly in accord with the agreement for Mr
Tan to handle one pound of heroin and 125g of “ice”. Thus, by the foregoing, I
accept the contents of the first and third contemporaneous statements that Mr
Tan said that the Four Bundles contained heroin and “ice”, and that this
contradicts the Nature of Transaction Defence.

(4) Whether the Nature of Transaction Defence is believable

98 In and of itself, I am of the view that the Nature of Transaction Defence
is unbelievable, and I do not accept Mr Tan’s belated bare assertions of the
same. I explain. Before 25 February 2020, there were prior transactions with
Pal which first involved heroin or ice, and then heroin and ice. This was
stated in paragraph 19 of the second long statement (see [89] above).
Sometimes, some “ice” for Mr Tan’s personal consumption would also be
delivered. I accept these aspects concerning the prior transactions as
recorded in the long statements, which were not disputed by Mr Tan.

99 Given the history of the dealings, it is conceivable that Pal would have
agreed to deliver the items for Mr Tan’s use (along with other drugs for
trafficking and to collect cash from Mr Tan); this would have followed the
pattern of earlier transactions. However, it is unbelievable that Pal would go
out of his way to help Mr Tan by making such a special arrangement (by
delivering small quantities of “ice” and three “popeyes” for Mr Tan’s personal
consumption and use), even if Pal also wanted to collect the money from Mr
Tan. I note that on that night alone, the transaction required nine calls
between the parties. In the day, there were also calls between them.
Furthermore, Pal would be putting his “conveyor” at some risk – purportedly
for a small amount of “ice” and three “popeyes”.

100 There is, moreover, no reason whatsoever for Mr Tan to believe that Pal
would only deliver the items meant for his personal use. According to Mr Tan,
Pal was essentially a drug dealer who he had never met in person. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

AB 349 at para 36.

Moreover, Pal was associated with Segar, another drug dealer who had
previously betrayed Mr Tan by causing Mr Tan to collect a large amount of
heroin. There was no special relationship between them for Pal to agree to
help Mr Tan, and certainly, there was no basis for Mr Tan to believe the
delivery would only be of the items he required. Instead, the contents of
paragraph 19 of the second long statement – that Mr Tan was expecting a
delivery of drugs, along with items for his own use – rang more of the truth.

101 For all the foregoing reasons, as well as my views on the Alleged
Agreement below, I reject the Nature of Transaction Defence.

The Alleged Agreement

102 As part of his defence, Mr Tan also raises the Alleged Agreement. As
explained in [42] above, this serves as the backdrop not only in relation to
the question of Mr Tan’s knowledge of the Drugs but also the issue of whether
Mr Tan had the intention to traffic the Drugs. In this regard, as the
Prosecution acknowledges, if this agreement exists, one may argue that Mr Tan
would not have known that the Three Bundles all contained heroin since he did
not expect to receive more than one pound of heroin. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

PCS at para 61.

103 According to the Prosecution, there is no Alleged Agreement. Like the
Nature of Transaction Defence, the Alleged Agreement is nowhere to be found in
any of Mr Tan’s investigation statements. The Prosecution contends that during
the cross-examination of ASP Fernandez, Mr Tan failed to put to him that
during the recording of the second long statement on 3 March 2020, he told ASP
Fernandez about the Alleged Agreement. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

PCS at paras 62–63.

104 Mr Tan contends that ASP Fernandez himself admitted that Mr Tan had raised
the Alleged Agreement during the statement recording process. ASP Fernandez
understood what was to be conveyed in the wording of paragraph 24 of the
second long statement, which accorded with what Mr Tan intended to convey. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Tan CS at paras 80–81.

Paragraph 24 reads:

I am now read back my contemporaneous statement in English language. I am now
asked about Question 10, in which I was asked what I get in return to help
‘Sal Poulez’. I had answered that ‘Sal Poulez’ pay me SGD$500 for 02 batu
‘heroin’, SGD$300 for 01 batu ‘heroin’ and 125g of ‘ice’ for SGD$200. However,
I wish to say now that the price was what ‘Sal Poulez’ and I had agreed on
since I started helping him. However, I wish to say that I have never taken 02
batu of ‘heroin’ from him before. ‘Pal’ is also referring to ‘Sal Poulez’.

[emphasis added]

105 I set out what was put to ASP Fernandez during cross-examination: 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE, 21 March 2023, p 85 ln 27 to ln 28.

Q: And his position to you is that he never agreed to take two bags of heroin.

A: Yes, Your Honour. But if I may add to the answer?

Q: I’m quite content with that answer, officer.

A: Okay.

In my view, unfortunately, the question to ASP Fernandez was not altogether
clear, and Mr Jumabhoy did not allow ASP Fernandez to clarify his answer. For
completeness, ASP Fernandez’s answer during re-examination is that he “agreed
that throughout the statements, Mr Tan had never said that he was to collect
two bags of heroin”. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 29 ln 1 to ln 6.

Specifically, ASP Fernandez was not cross-examined about a prior existing
agreement with Pal not to take more than a certain quantity of drugs (ie, the
Alleged Agreement). Instead, the rather equivocal question asked was whether
Mr Tan said he had “never agreed to take two bags of heroin”. This question
envisages the scenario where there was no prior agreement. Yet, Mr Tan’s
position at trial is that there was an Alleged Agreement that Mr Tan would not
take more than a certain quantity of drugs. Nonetheless, to give Mr Tan the
benefit of the doubt, I do not hold this ambiguity in questioning ASP
Fernandez against him. To be clear, I do not fault Mr Tan on the basis that he
failed to put to ASP Fernandez in cross-examination that during the recording
of the second long statement, he had told ASP Fernandez about the Alleged
Agreement.

106 That said, I do not agree with Mr Jumabhoy that paragraph 24 of the second
long statement (especially the italicised words at [104] above) supports the
existence of the Alleged Agreement. All it says is that Mr Tan never took two
“batu” (ie, pounds) 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

AB 345 at para 24.

of heroin from Sal Poulez/Pal in any of the prior deliveries. As borne out by
the context of the statement, this is essentially a narration of Mr Tan’s
history of drug delivery with Pal. Simply put, Mr Tan indicated that the
situation had not arisen before. I agree with Mr Jumbhoy that there is no
ambiguity in the meaning of these italicised words. Unfortunately, I am not
persuaded by the meaning Mr Jumabhoy puts forth. To find that these italicised
words mean that there was a standing agreement with Pal that Mr Tan would only
collect one pound of heroin and/or 125g of ice would be to accord to them more
than their plain meaning.

107 What is more telling is that in paragraph 20 of the same long statement,
Mr Tan said that: 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

AB 344 at para 20.

[Pal] should not have assumed that I would be ok to collect this amount of
drugs. If ‘Pal’ try to brush me off, I would have warned him not to put this
amount of drugs without letting me know next time. Normally, I would only
collect 01 pound of ‘heroin’ or 125 grams of ‘ice’, or a mixture of both, from
‘Pal’s’ conveyors.

This was another one of many opportunities to mention the Alleged Agreement,
but Mr Tan did not positively assert it.

108 Further, I note that according to Mr Tan, the terms of the agreement were
first reached with Segar and then re-established with Pal (see [37] above).
These are key aspects of the defence. However, Mr Tan did not mention Segar
and how the botched transaction with Segar on or around 9 January 2020 led to
the Alleged Agreement in any of the statements. This was not for want of an
opportunity to do so. In Mr Tan’s second long statement, he dealt at some
length with his dealings with Boy Tanjong before he started dealing with Pal.
173

##### Foot Note 173

×

AB 348 at para 33.

Then, contrary to his evidence at trial (that Boy Tanjong introduced Mr Tan to
Segar before Pal came into the picture (see [34] above)), in the fifth long
statement recorded on 25 August 2020, Mr Tan said that it was Boy Tanjong who
introduced him to Pal. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

AB 380 at para 70.

There was no mention of Segar, his understanding with Segar and how he came to
reach the same agreement with Pal. To my mind, it is inexplicable why Mr Tan
did not raise these matters.

109 As I have discussed above, Mr Tan said in his second long statement that
he had never taken two “batu” of heroin before ie, the situation had not
arisen before. Even if true, this does not take Mr Tan’s defence very far. The
fact that Mr Tan had never taken two “batu” of heroin in his previous
collections is insufficient to support the existence of a standing agreement
to only collect one pound of heroin and/or 125g of ice (which is at the heart
of the Alleged Agreement). The Alleged Agreement was raised belatedly at the
trial and not in Mr Tan’s investigation statements. Accordingly, I am unable
to accept Mr Tan’s account that the Alleged Agreement exists. That said, Mr
Tan’s claim that he did not deal with more than one pound of heroin in
previous transactions will be considered again in relation to the question of
whether he intended to traffic the Drugs.

Whether Mr Tan was the intended recipient of the Drugs

110 Mr Tan relies on Mr Dineshkumar’s evidence to provide the surrounding
circumstances of the transaction on 25 February 2020. I set out more of Mr
Dineshkumar’s account. According to Mr Dineshkumar, at 8.50pm, Kelvin sent him
a location at Jalan Besar and asked him to go there. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 55 ln 16 to ln 18.

Mr Dineshkumar refused to do so, as the journey would take too long. Then, at
9.01pm, he was given a second location at Fishery Port Road by Kelvin. Mr
Dineshkumar arrived there at about 9.15pm to 9.20pm. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 56 ln 20 to p 57 ln 15.

111 Initially, Kelvin told Mr Dineshkumar that someone would collect all the
bundles from him at Fishery Port Road. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 24 ln 17 to ln 19.

However, when he arrived and called Kelvin, Kelvin told him that because he
was late, the recipient had left. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 24 ln 20 to ln 26.

Mr Dineshkumar wanted to leave all the drugs at Fishery Port Road for the
person to collect, but Kelvin begged him to go to Lorong 7. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 25 ln 1 to ln 10.

Mr Dineshkumar then packed the items, and proceeded to Lorong 7.

112 Based on the above, Mr Tan argues that the Jalan Besar and Fishery Port
Road locations were pre-planned locations. Therefore, it is likely that at
least two deliveries to two different persons were planned. 180

##### Foot Note 180

×

Tan CS at para 26; AB 397 at para 61.

Further, the way the bundles were hidden in the boot of the Car lend support
to this. Mr Dineshkumar’s evidence is that originally there was one bundle in
the black plastic bag (ie, E1B), while the other three bundles were simply in
the boot. Mr Dineshkumar placed one more bundle in the black plastic bag and
the other two bundles in the white plastic bag. 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

AB 397 at para 62.

Mr Dineshkumar had to sort out the bundles for ease of delivery. Mr Tan argues
that as the Three Bundles, E1A1, E1A2 and E1B1 contained heroin, it must have
been E1B2 (which contained “ice”) which was separately placed into the black
plastic bag for easy identification. In any case, from the fact that the Three
Bundles were left in the car boot and not in a plastic bag, they could have
been meant for different deliveries. If Mr Tan only became the recipient of
the Drugs because Mr Dineshkumar did not go to the first location at Jalan
Besar, and no one turned up at the second location at Fishery Port Road,
whether Mr Tan knew about the delivery of the Drugs becomes highly
questionable. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

Tan CS at paras 21–23, 26 and 29.

113 Having carefully considered Mr Jumabhoy’s arguments, I am unable to accept
them. While Mr Tan was not the original intended recipient, there was little
to suggest that he was not meant to receive all Four Bundles. I agree with the
Prosecution that at no time did Mr Dineshkumar say that there were any
instructions for him to split up the Four Bundles across several recipients.
In fact, at Fishery Port Road, Mr Dineshkumar was specifically informed that
the Four Bundles were meant to be collected by one recipient. It was the same
for the delivery to the third location ie, Lorong 7, where Mr Tan turned up
and received the Four Bundles. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

AB 397–398, at paras 61 and 63; AB 401 at para 73.

That said, even if Mr Tan might not have expected to collect so many bundles
of drugs, based on my discussion above, it seems clear enough that he was
meant to collect heroin and “ice”. Therefore, such surrounding context does
not, in my view, assist Mr Tan in rebutting the presumption of knowledge of
the Drugs.

Whether Mr Tan has successfully rebutted the presumption of knowledge

114 In evaluating Mr Tan’s evidence concerning the issues above, I bore in
mind that he is highly educated, intelligent and articulate. A long-term drug
addict, he knew the severe repercussions of carrying certain quantities of
drugs. Mr Tan would have appreciated that his claims ie, that he was only
expecting some “ice” and three “popeyes” for his own use and that he had only
agreed to deal with one pound of heroin and no more, are important matters
which should have been raised during investigations. While Mr Tan might not
have been in the best frame of mind during the recording of the various
statements, I do not think he would have had any problems clearly
communicating these claims to the recording officers. When Mr Tan read the
statements, he should also have been able to clarify any factual ambiguities.
Strangely, he failed to state the material aspects which now ground his
defence at the trial. The main portion which he points to in support of the
Alleged Agreement is vague. In sharp contrast, in the long statements, he
provided a lot of details about his drug deals, including previous dealings
with Boy Tanjong. Therefore, I reject these belated claims. Accordingly, I
also find that on a balance of probabilities, Mr Tan has failed to rebut the
presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA.

Intention to traffic

115 I now proceed to address the final element of the offence, which pertains
to the intention to traffic the Drugs. The Prosecution bears the burden of
proving, beyond a reasonable doubt, that Mr Tan intended to deliver the Drugs
to a third party as per Pal’s instructions. On this score, the Prosecution
relies on Mr Tan’s admissions in his investigation statements. The Prosecution
asserts that Mr Tan’s attempt to discredit these admissions during the trial
should be dismissed. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

PCS at paras 66–73.

116 On the other hand, Mr Jumabhoy presents two main lines of arguments to
support Mr Tan’s claim that he did not have the intention to traffic the
Drugs. First, Mr Jumabhoy relies on the following key aspects of the defence.
Specifically, there was never an agreement for Mr Tan to traffic more than one
pound of heroin. Effectively, this concerns the Alleged Agreement and Mr Tan’s
evidence regarding the previous transactions with Pal (which did not involve
more than one pound of heroin). Further, Mr Tan was not the intended recipient
of the Drugs. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

Tan CS at para 79.

These aspects raise doubts about his intention to deliver them according to
Pal’s instructions. Second, Mr Jumabhoy argues that the investigation
statements relied upon by the Prosecution do not provide conclusive evidence
that Mr Tan intended to deliver the Drugs. In the statements themselves, Mr
Tan expressed the possibility that he would not have continued with the
delivery of the Drugs. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

Tan CS at paras 63 and 85.

I deal with each in turn.

Key aspects of the defence

117 I return to the Alleged Agreement, ie, that Mr Tan agreed with Pal that he
would only collect one pound of heroin and/or 125g of ice, and there was never
an agreement to traffic more than one pound/bundle of heroin (see [42] above).
If the Alleged Agreement exists, then it may well cast doubt as to Mr Tan’s
intention to traffic all the Drugs. However, as set out above (at [109]), I
reject the existence of the Alleged Agreement. I should add that I have also
rejected the Nature of the Transaction Defence. That said, when I consider the
contents of the investigation statements in a moment, I shall refer to these
matters, as well as Mr Tan’s claim that, in any event, he had not dealt with
more than one pound of heroin in any of his previous dealings (see [109]
above).

118 Mr Tan also says that the fact that he was not the intended recipient of
the Drugs is indicative of the lack of intention to traffic the Drugs on his
part. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

Tan CS at para 21.

However, as I stated at [110]–[113] above, although Mr Tan might not have been
the original intended recipient of the Drugs, there is nothing to suggest that
he was not meant to receive the Drugs. Indeed, he was the eventual recipient,
and I have rejected his explanation that only expected to receive “ice” and
“popeyes” that night. The fact that Mr Tan was not the original intended
recipient of the Drugs is not altogether helpful in ascertaining his intention
in relation to the Drugs. That said, in considering the contents of the
investigation statements, I shall discuss Mr Tan’s contention that he was not
expecting such large quantities of drugs.

Contents of the investigation statements

119 Turning to the contents of the investigation statements, the relevant
portion of the first contemporaneous statement is as follows: 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

AB 112–113.

Q1: What is this? (Accused shown 01 white plastic bag containing 02 Black
bundles and 01 black plastic by containing 02 black bundles)

A1: Heroin and Ice

Q2: Whose [sic] does it belongs to?

A2: It belongs to a Malaysian guy. I am supposed to drop it off as instructed.
I do not know yet. The Malaysian guy will tell me. Not so soon.

[emphasis added]

120 Similarly, in the third contemporaneous statement, when asked what he was
supposed to do with the bundles, Mr Tan answered that he would “[w]ait for Sal
Poulez [sic] instruction to drop the Heroin and Ice at specified location”. Mr
Tan also added that he did not know when Sal Poulez (ie, Pal) would call him
and would have just waited for the call. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

AB 149 (Q/A 7 and Q/A 8).

121 In the cautioned statement, Mr Tan admitted that he was guilty of the
offence. According to the Prosecution, the contents of such statements clearly
show that Mr Tan’s intention was to deliver the Drugs.

122 To reiterate, Mr Tan attempted to cast doubt on the accuracy of these
statements by stating that he was suicidal and wanted to implicate himself. In
respect of the third contemporaneous statement, he said that SSgt Eric had
conducted the interview improperly. However, I have rejected Mr Tan’s claim of
his intention to commit suicide (at [87] above) and allegations of improper
conduct on the part of SSgt Eric (at [96] above). In other words, I accepted
the accuracy of these statements. However, as stated at [87] above, I am
prepared to accord little to no weight to the cautioned statement.

123 I should also reiterate that Mr Tan claims that he reacted strongly after
the Drugs were revealed to him after his arrest (see [68]–[71] above). The
purported reactions, argues Mr Tan, show that his first reaction was to scold
Pal for giving him such large quantities of drugs, and his first reaction was
not to deliver the Drugs for Pal. Therefore, this points against him having
the intention to traffic the Drugs. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

Tan CS at para 83.

However, as I explained above, I do not believe Mr Tan’s account of the
purported reactions (which were not recorded in the first and second
contemporaneous statements) (see [74]–[76] above).

124 Next, Mr Jumabhoy argues that the fact that Mr Tan was supposed to do
something is not the same as what he intended to do. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

Tan CS at para 63.

This was an ambiguity in the first and third contemporaneous statements, which
should be resolved in favour of Mr Tan. Further, the ambiguity carried on to
paragraph 20 of Mr Tan’s second long statement recorded on 3 March 2020. The
material portion of that paragraph reads: 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

AB 344 at para 20.

I wish to say that I would had [sic] still continued to drop off the drugs
from this collection on ‘Pal’s’ instruction. However, whether I would continue
to do this is not confirmed as I felt unhappy that ‘Pal’ had passed me drugs
more than the usual collected without informing me beforehand.

125 Mr Tan’s position is that the above admissions, taken at their highest, do
not prove an intention to traffic the Drugs because continuing to drop off the
Drugs as directed by Pal is just one possibility. He could have refused to do
so and returned them to Pal. 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

Tan CS at para 85.

In this connection, Mr Jumabhoy relies on the proposition in Ramesh a/l
Perumal v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 1 SLR 1003 (“Ramesh
Perumal”) at [110] that a person who returns drugs to the person who
originally deposited those drugs with him would not ordinarily come within the
definition of “trafficking”.

126 I have carefully considered Mr Jumabhoy’s arguments. But based on the
evidence before me, I am unable to accept them. By the time the first and
third contemporaneous statements were recorded, Mr Tan was well aware that
there were Four Bundles in the Recycle Bag. He does not dispute this. In the
first contemporaneous statement, Mr Tan said he was “supposed to drop it off
as instructed” [emphasis added]. He reiterated this in the third
contemporaneous statement. I can accept that “supposed to” (what he was
required to do) is not the same as “intended to” (what Mr Tan would do).
However, intention is a subjective state of mind to be objectively inferred
from the surrounding facts and circumstances: Public Prosecutor v Muhammad
Salihin bin Ismail [2023] SGHC 155 at [72]. From the statements, it is evident
that Mr Tan knew what he was required to do, as per his arrangement with Pal.
There was no indication that Mr Tan would depart from his arrangement with Pal
ie, to drop off the Drugs as instructed by Pal. From these clear and
unequivocal admissions, the only inference to be drawn is that it was his
intention to deliver the Drugs. Indeed, even in paragraph 20 of Mr Tan’s
second long statement, recorded a week after his arrest, he said that he
“would had [sic] still continued to drop off the drugs from this collection on
‘Pal’s’ instruction”. This confirms the inference to be drawn with regard to
his intention. Accordingly, the difference between what Mr Tan was supposed to
do and what he intended to do is more apparent than real.

127 In my view, although there was apparently a shift in position reflected in
paragraph 20, whereby Mr Tan expressed that “whether [he] would continue to
[deliver the Drugs] is not confirmed as [he] felt unhappy that ‘Pal’ had
passed [him] drugs more than the usual collected”, this shift came belatedly.
The actus reus and mens rea of the offence had already coincided on 25
February 2020 – when Mr Tan took possession of the Drugs. Moreover, Mr Tan’s
position merely became equivocal. Mr Tan only expressed a possibility that he
would not have delivered the Drugs, and this shift does not seriously
undermine Mr Tan’s original intention to deliver the Drugs. I should add that
even in the fourth long statement, recorded some months later on 18 August
2020, this equivocal stance remained (see [23(b)] above).

128 Weighed against Mr Tan’s evidence of the Alleged Agreement, or even of his
prior experience of not delivering more than one pound of drugs for Pal, I
find Mr Tan’s equivocal stance puzzling. By way of reminder, according to Mr
Tan, when Segar delivered more than one pound of heroin on or around 9 January
2020, Mr Tan felt betrayed. He had no qualms about confronting Segar about it
over the phone, going as far as to say that he did not “want to have anything
to do with this one and they should come pick it up” (see [36] above). Indeed,
eventually, Pal picked up the drugs in question. That is why there was the
Alleged Agreement with Pal. In any event, he had never dealt with more than
one pound of heroin. In contrast, the statements do not show Mr Tan exhibiting
such a strong reaction in relation to the present collection. If Mr Tan indeed
had no intention to deliver more than one pound of heroin, and especially
given his alleged prior dealing with Segar and Pal on or around 9 January
2020, I would expect him to have rejected outright any further involvement
with the Four Bundles and to require Pal to collect the Drugs. But nothing is
said along these lines.

129 In fact, in paragraph 20 of the second long statement, Mr Tan merely said,
“[Pal] should not have assumed that [Mr Tan] would be ok to collect this
amount of drugs. If ‘Pal’ try to brush [Mr Tan] off, [Mr Tan] would have
warned him not to put this amount of drugs without letting [Mr Tan] know next
time….” (see [20(d)] and [107] above). Following this portion of paragraph 20,
Mr Tan then expressed uncertainty about whether he would proceed to deliver
the Drugs. His equivocal stance continued in the fourth long statement.

130 At the highest, the tenor of the second and fourth statements suggests
that Mr Tan had second thoughts about what to do with the Drugs and that he
developed some doubts about whether he should proceed with the intended plan.
This was completely contradictory to his professed firm and uncompromising
stance with Segar and Pal concerning the January 2020 transaction. I agree
with the Prosecution that by this shift to an equivocal position, Mr Tan was
merely seeking to disassociate himself from the prior consistent admissions.

131 Lastly, in my judgment, Ramesh Perumal does not greatly assist Mr Tan. In
Ramesh Perumal, two accused persons, Ramesh and Chander, drove into Singapore
together from Malaysia. At some point during the journey, Ramesh received a
bag containing four bundles of diamorphine from Chander. Ramesh argued that he
did not know about the contents of the bag. He claimed that Chander had told
him that the bag contained some documents and had passed them to him for
safekeeping. Chander also told Ramesh that he would take the bag back from
Ramesh later that day and bring the items in that bag back to Malaysia.
However, Chander gave evidence that Ramesh was supposed to deliver the four
bundles to a recipient in Singapore. On the facts, the court found that there
was a reasonable possibility that Ramesh was safekeeping the drugs with the
intention of returning them to Chander. Accordingly, the trafficking charge
against Ramesh was amended to a charge of possession simpliciter under s 8(a)
of the MDA, as an accused who was in possession of drugs with no intention of
parting with them other than to return them to the person who originally
deposited those drugs with him does not come within the definition of
possession of those drugs “for the purpose of trafficking”.

132 The present case is readily distinguishable from Ramesh Perumal. Mr Tan
was not entrusted to safe keep the Drugs and return them to Pal. As is clearly
stated in the statements, the arrangement was for Mr Tan to deliver the Drugs
to others in Singapore. While Mr Tan expressed the possibility that he would
not proceed to deliver the Drugs, this was belated. To my mind, this was an
attempt to distance himself from the earlier admissions. By the above, I am of
the view that the contents of the statements reveal that Mr Tan accepted that
he was required to drop off all Four Bundles within the Recycle Bag and that
the inference to be drawn is that it was his intention to do so.

Mr Tan’s conduct

133 I wish to discuss Mr Tan’s behaviour during the collection (including his
failure to check the contents of the Recycle Bag). To recapitulate, while he
was in the Car, Mr Tan claimed that he did not know that Mr Dineshkumar was
placing things into the Recycle Bag, as Mr Tan’s attention was on the road.
194

##### Foot Note 194

×

NE, 23 March 2023, p 76 ln 13 to ln 17.

He “presumed” some things were thrown into the Recycle Bag upon hearing
thudding on the floorboard of the Car. 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

NE, 23 March 2023, p 76 ln 19 to ln 22.

That said, he denied that he knew what the thudding sounds were about, and
assumed that Mr Dineshkumar had put things into the Recycle Bag after he had
lifted the Recycle Bag up and alighted from the Car. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

NE, 23 March 2023, p 77 ln 18 to ln 20.

134 While I appreciate that it was a car ride of only about one minute, in my
view, it is still troubling that Mr Tan did not care to even look into the
Recycle Bag while in the Car, even after hearing the thudding sounds. It would
not have taken more than a moment for him to roughly ascertain what had been
placed into the Recycle Bag (which was on the floorboard in front of him). By
the time he exited the Car, Mr Tan had sensed that the weight of the Recycle
Bag was heavier than usual upon lifting the Recycle Bag from the floorboard.
197

##### Foot Note 197

×

NE, 23 March 2023, p 82 ln 12 to ln 14.

I appreciate that the Unit was nearby, but again, I am of the view that if Mr
Tan truly did not expect to receive the Drugs, then he ought reasonably to
have at least looked into the Recycle Bag to have a quick glance at its
contents.

135 If the Nature of Transaction Defence were to be believed, and if the
Alleged Agreement were in place, I would have considered Mr Tan’s behaviour
incomprehensible. Setting aside these defences, which I have rejected, as I
said at [109] above, there remains Mr Tan’s claim that he had never dealt with
more than one pound of heroin in the previous transactions. Mr Tan said that
he would not traffic in more than one bundle of heroin as it would carry a
death sentence. Given these circumstances relied on by Mr Tan, it is
unbelievable that Mr Tan did not bother to check on the contents of the
Recycle Bag while in the Car or exhibit any reaction or concern at all after
he felt that the Recycle Bag was heavier than usual as he left the Car. Mr
Tan’s nonchalance buttresses the inference that he intended to deliver the
amount of drugs which he collected.

Whether Mr Tan had the intention to traffic

136 In conclusion, I am satisfied that the Prosecution has proved Mr Tan’s
intention to traffic the Drugs beyond a reasonable doubt. In the final
analysis, the investigation statements and surrounding circumstances strongly
evince Mr Tan’s intention that he would have gone on to deliver the Drugs.
Contrary to Mr Tan’s contention in the closing submissions, his purported
reactions of shock and surprise when the Drugs were first revealed to him are
not supported by CNB officers who observed him, and neither were those
reactions reflected in the contemporaneous statements. Moreover, Mr Tan’s
shift in position as regards his intention came too late, and even then, it
suffered from ambiguity. The irresistible inference to be drawn is that he
intended to traffic the Drugs which he collected. For completeness, I should
state that in arriving at this conclusion, I have considered Mr Tan’s
background and experience, as set out in [114] above.

Decision: Mr Dineshkumar

137 I now turn to consider the case against Mr Dineshkumar.

Act of trafficking

138 The first element to be established for a charge of trafficking under s
5(1) of the MDA, as faced by Mr Dineshkumar, is the act of trafficking in the
Drugs. Mr Dineshkumar does not seriously dispute that he delivered the Drugs
to Mr Tan.

139 Nevertheless, Mr Dineshkumar has provided two different accounts as to how
he had delivered them to Mr Tan. These were either: (a) that while the parties
were in the Car, Mr Dineshkumar handed the plastic bags, E1A and E1B, to Mr
Tan, who then placed them into the Recycle Bag; or (b) that Mr Dineshkumar
dropped E1A and E1B directly into the Recycle Bag. Mr Dineshkumar gave the
former account in his third long statement, 198

##### Foot Note 198

×

AB 398 at para 63.

while the latter account was given at trial. At trial, Mr Dineshkumar also
testified that the former account was inaccurately recorded in his third long
statement. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 32 ln 26 to ln 27; and NE, 29 March 2023, p 29 ln 4 to ln
11, p 30 ln 1 to ln 18.

140 In my view, it is immaterial whether Mr Dineshkumar had passed E1A and E1B
to Mr Tan or placed them directly into the Recycle Bag. On either account, it
is clear that Mr Dineshkumar delivered the Drugs to Mr Tan. That said, as I
stated above at [64], I accept that it was Mr Dineshkumar who placed E1A and
E1B into the Recycle Bag. For completeness, I should add that Mr Dineshkumar’s
claim (which was only raised at trial) that he had intended to leave the
bundles at a nearby tree at Fishery Port Road, 200

##### Foot Note 200

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 20 ln 29 to ln 30.

even if true, is irrelevant as that did not materialise.

Knowledge

141 With that, I turn to the element of knowledge. Here, it must be proved
that Mr Dineshkumar knew the nature of the Drugs ie, that they were
diamorphine.

142 Like its case against Mr Tan, the Prosecution is relying on the
presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA. 201

##### Foot Note 201

×

PCS at para 76.

I have already set out the applicable law as to how an accused person may
rebut the s 18(2) presumption (at [51] above) and need not repeat it here.

143 The Prosecution argues that Mr Dineshkumar has failed to discharge his
burden of rebutting the presumption on the basis that: (i) Mr Dineshkumar is
not a credible witness; (ii) Mr Dineshkumar’s claim that he lacks the
requisite knowledge is unbelievable; and (iii) Mr Dineshkumar was, in any
event, indifferent to the contents of the Three Bundles.

144 Conversely, as stated (at [45] above), Mr Dineshkumar’s defence is that he
was always under the impression that he was delivering “ice”. This is mainly
because Mr Dineshkumar was made to believe that he was to deliver only one
bundle of “ice” by Kelvin. Even when Mr Dineshkumar discovered that the Car
contained four bundles of drugs, he was made to believe, and believed, that
they all contained “ice”. 202

##### Foot Note 202

×

DK CS at para 62; and Mr Dineshkumar’s Reply Submissions (“DK RCS”) at para 6.

I shall abbreviate this as “the Knowledge Defence”.

Accuracy of Mr Dineshkumar’s statements

145 At trial, Mr Dineshkumar sought to cast doubt on the accuracy of the
statements (including the third long statement, Exh P59), which were recorded
with the assistance of the Tamil interpreter, Mdm Vijaya. Mr Dineshkumar
stated that he had difficulties understanding some of the Tamil words used by
Mdm Vijaya. 203

##### Foot Note 203

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 50 ln 14 to p 51 ln 8.

Also, he saw Mdm Vijaya closing her eyes during the interpretation process.
204

##### Foot Note 204

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 51 ln 16 to ln 19.

In the closing submissions, counsel for Mr Dineshkumar, Mr Mahadevan
Lukshumayeh (“Mr Lukshumayeh”), further submits that it is obvious that Mdm
Vijaya had severe difficulty reading the documents presented to her while on
the witness stand despite the fact that she was using a large magnifying
glass. 205

##### Foot Note 205

×

DK CS at para 59.

Mr Lukshumayeh also pointed out that Mdm Vijaya would carry out her
translation orally only, without viewing the relevant documents. 206

##### Foot Note 206

×

DK CS at para 60.

146 It is clear that Mdm Vijaya has poor eyesight. In court, she had
difficulty reading the documents, and when being questioned, for expediency,
portions of Mr Dineshkumar’s statements were read out to her. 207

##### Foot Note 207

×

See eg, NE, 22 February 2023, p 64 ln 11 to ln 12; p 67 ln 13; p 70 ln 15; and
p 73 ln 14.

However, in my view, even if I were to assume in Mr Dineshkumar’s favour that
there were deficiencies in the interpretation process, it is not Mr
Dineshkumar’s case (and there is no evidence) that Mdm Vijaya failed to
translate the Knowledge Defence to the recording officer of the third long
statement, ASP Fernandez, thereby leading to the omission of material details
in it. I accept that Mdm Vijaya had conducted the translation by way of
hearing only, without viewing the documents. 208

##### Foot Note 208

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 17 ln 30 to ln 32.

I also accept that Mdm Vijaya probably did not bring any pen and paper with
her during the recording sessions. 209

##### Foot Note 209

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 18 ln 14 to ln 15.

ASP Fernandez candidly testified to these during cross-examination. However,
what ASP Fernandez also said is that because of Mdm Vijaya’s poor eyesight,
210

##### Foot Note 210

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 18 ln 9 to ln 10.

ASP Fernandez proceeded line by line (and not paragraph by paragraph) when
reading back Mr Dineshkumar’s statement (which ASP Fernandez had typed into
his computer). 211

##### Foot Note 211

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 17 ln 22 to ln 32.

147 Accordingly, I am unable to see how an entire part of Mr Dineshkumar’s
alleged statement could be omitted. Indeed, Mr Dineshkumar has failed to point
out exactly which parts of his statements were inaccurately recorded because
of Mdm Vijaya’s alleged deficiencies.

148 As regards the allegation that Mdm Viyaja had closed her eyes at various
moments during the interview sessions, I appreciate that the recording of one
of the long statements extended to almost three hours. 212

##### Foot Note 212

×

AB 395–399 (Exhibit P59).

However, as Mr Lukshumayeh conceded, it is not Mr Dineshkumar’s case that Mdm
Viyaja was “sleeping throughout” but there were moments when Mdm Vijaya
“closed her eyes that gave the impression that she was either sleeping or …
not paying attention”. 213

##### Foot Note 213

×

NE, 22 March 2023, p 20 ln 7 to ln 13.

In my view, if Mdm Vijaya had lost her focus at all, it was only momentarily,
as the translation was done line by line (in light of Mdm Vijaya’s poor
eyesight). If Mdm Vijaya was severely fatigued such that she had trouble
keeping awake, it would have been impossible for the recording process to have
been completed. Further, if this was indeed the case, I find it surprising
that Mr Dineshkumar did not raise any complaints at all during the
investigation process. Instead, he was content to have Mdm Vijaya act as the
interpreter for several statements made over the course of about half a year
to the CNB.

149 In the result, I do not accept that the statements were inaccurately
recorded in any material way on the ground of Mdm Vijaya’s alleged
deficiencies.

Whether the Knowledge Defence is proved

150 With the above in mind, I shall return to the central question of whether
Mr Dineshkumar has successfully rebutted the presumption of knowledge on a
balance of probabilities. In my judgment, Mr Dineshkumar has failed to do so.

(1) Mr Dineshkumar’s credibility

151 To begin, Mr Dineshkumar initially disputed the entire charge against him
by stating in his investigation statements that he had only collected cash
from Mr Tan and that he did not give Mr Tan anything on the night of 25
February 2020. 214

##### Foot Note 214

×

AB 252–253 (Q/A 24, Q/A 27); AB 270; and AB 274 at para 18.

It is in his third long statement, Exh P59, recorded about a week after his
arrest, that Mr Dineshkumar first admitted that he was delivering drugs at the
material time (and knew the Four Bundles contained drugs) as he hoped to
receive a lighter sentence for telling the truth. 215

##### Foot Note 215

×

AB 399 at paras 67–68.

However, even then, Mr Dineshkumar did not raise his defence that he thought
he was delivering “ice”. Instead, he stated that he did not know the type nor
quantity of drugs involved. 216

##### Foot Note 216

×

AB 396 at para 60.

Mr Dineshkumar only raised his defence (ie, that he believed the Four Bundles
specifically contained “ice”) in his fourth long statement recorded five
months after. 217

##### Foot Note 217

×

AB 402 at para 76.

152 In my view, Mr Dineshkumar’s credibility is questionable. Despite the
Knowledge Defence being a key aspect of Mr Dineshkumar’s defence, he failed to
raise it in his third long statement even after he had decided to be “honest
and tell the truth”, and professed to cooperate with the CNB. It was only five
months later that the Knowledge Defence was raised. When asked by the
recording officer why he failed to raise the Knowledge Defence earlier, Mr
Dineshkumar explained that he “couldn’t remember [at the time as he] was just
arrested and … was thinking about a lot of things. Now that [he has] the time,
[he is] able to think properly and recall this.” 218

##### Foot Note 218

×

AB 402 at para 76.

153 I am not convinced by this explanation. One would expect Mr Dineshkumar to
ensure that all the relevant facts concerning his defence be recorded in the
third long statement, as that was when Mr Dineshkumar decided to come clean to
obtain a lighter sentence. Moreover, it is also peculiar that Mr Dineshkumar
managed to provide many details about the transaction on 25 February 2020 in
the third long statement but failed to raise the Knowledge Defence. By the
above, I have doubts as to Mr Dineshkumar’s credibility as regards the
Knowledge Defence.

(2) The Knowledge Defence is inherently unbelievable

154 Essentially, the Knowledge Defence is based on Mr Dineshkumar’s claim that
Kelvin told him that the Four Bundles all contained only “ice”, and he
believed Kelvin. In my view, the Knowledge Defence is inherently unbelievable
in light of the surrounding facts and circumstances.

155 First, there is no real basis for Mr Dineshkumar to have trusted Kelvin
without question and to have believed Kelvin’s claim that the bundles
contained only “ice”. By Mr Dineshkumar’s evidence, at the material time, he
had only known Kelvin for about three months and he did not even know Kelvin’s
real name (see [28(a)] above). Moreover, Kelvin was essentially a drug dealer
and nothing else, as far as Mr Dineshkumar was concerned. 219

##### Foot Note 219

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 67 ln 27 to ln 29.

Mr Dineshkumar’s purported trust in Kelvin is contradicted by his consistent
testimony that he felt angry when he saw the Four Bundles in the boot of the
Car at Fishery Port Road. 220

##### Foot Note 220

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 16 ln 26 to ln 30; NE, 29 March 2023, p 4 ln 1 to ln 7
and p 19 ln 23 to ln 24; and DK RCS at para 17.

Mr Dineshkumar even called Kelvin and scolded him with profanities, and
threatened to leave the drugs at a nearby tree. 221

##### Foot Note 221

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 16 ln 26 to ln 30; NE, 29 March 2023, p 19 ln 23 to ln
29.

Accordingly, it is unbelievable that Mr Dineshkumar would still trust Kelvin’s
assurance, over the phone when Mr Dineshkumar was at Fishery Port Road, 222

##### Foot Note 222

×

NE, 29 March 2023, p 11 ln 29 to p 12 ln 2.

that the Four Bundles only contained “ice”.

156 Second, I am unable to accept Mr Dineshkumar’s bare assertion that he had
brought only one bundle of “ice” into Singapore the day prior to his present
offence (ie, on 24 February 2020). 223

##### Foot Note 223

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 45 ln 3 to ln 5.

Presumably, by stating this, Mr Dineshkumar sought to give credence to the
Knowledge Defence. However, this claim is not made in any of Mr Dineshkumar’s
statements. Crucially, Mr Dineshkumar stated in his third long statement that
he did not know the type or quantity of drugs he was delivering on 24 February
2020 and did not ask Kelvin about it. There was no mention of the delivery of
“ice” in the statement. 224

##### Foot Note 224

×

AB 395 at para 57.

Mr Dineshkumar maintained this position in his fifth long statement and even
added that Kelvin did not inform him that the bundle had contained “ice”. 225

##### Foot Note 225

×

AB 412 at para 81.

Mr Dineshkumar’s explanation for the preceding inconsistency is that he had
told informed recording officer of his third long statement, through Mdm
Vijaya, that Kelvin had in fact told Mr Dineshkumar that he would be
delivering one bundle of “ice” on 24 February 2020, but Mdm Vijaya, “may not
have heard him right”. 226

##### Foot Note 226

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 77 ln 29 to p 78 ln 8.

As I have stated (at [145]–[149] above), even if Mdm Vijaya’s performance as
an interpreter had fallen short, that in itself is insufficient to cast a
doubt on the overall accuracy of the statements, especially when the position
that Mr Dineshkumar now advances is contradicted by more than one of his
recorded statements. Accordingly, I reject Mr Dineshkumar’s assertion to have
brought only one bundle of “ice” into Singapore the day prior to his present
offence.

157 Third, I am unable to accept Mr Dineshkumar’s contention at trial that
when Kelvin passed the Car to Mr Dineshkumar on 25 February 2020, Kelvin told
Mr Dineshkumar, “It is like yesterday”, which Mr Dineshkumar understood to
mean that he would have to deliver one bundle of “ice”. 227

##### Foot Note 227

×

NE, 29 March 2023, p 12 ln 3 to ln 12.

Apart from the fact that this assumption was not recorded in any of the
investigation statements, it is also at odds with by Mr Dineshkumar’s voice
message to Kelvin which he sent on the night of 25 February 2020, asking
Kelvin “what is the thing [he] need to send”. 228

##### Foot Note 228

×

AB 258 at row 8.

If Mr Dineshkumar formed the impression from what Kelvin had said that he
would be delivering one bundle of “ice”, he would not have needed to ask
Kelvin the question. When confronted with this during cross-examination, Mr
Dineshkumar conceded that he “did not know at that point what drugs he was
supposed to be carrying”. 229

##### Foot Note 229

×

NE, 29 March 2023, p 18 ln 5 to ln 8.

158 Finally, I am of the view that Mr Dineshkumar was indifferent to the
contents of the Three Bundles. As mentioned, an accused person who was merely
indifferent to or ignorant of what he was carrying would not be able to rebut
the presumption in s 18(2): Gobi at [64]. It was Mr Dineshkumar’s own
admission at trial that he had the opportunity to unwrap the bundles to check
their contents but he did not do so. Mr Dineshkumar also accepted that it
would have been reasonable for him to do so as he was bringing in more bundles
than expected and the bundles were wrapped differently from those he had
delivered a day prior (ie, on 24 February 2020). 230

##### Foot Note 230

×

NE, 29 March 2023, p 26 ln 27 to p 27 ln 13.

While Mr Dineshkumar went on to say that he would have had to answer to Kelvin
if he opened the bundles without Kelvin’s permission, 231

##### Foot Note 231

×

NE, 29 March 2023, p 27 ln 11 to ln 13.

it is not as if Mr Dineshkumar was under some form of duress to not open the
bundles. Indeed, to reiterate, it is Mr Dineshkumar’s evidence that he was
angry when he first learned that there was more than one bundle in the Car at
Fishery Port Road 232

##### Foot Note 232

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 16 ln 26 to ln 30; NE, 29 March 2023, p 4 ln 1 to ln 7
and p 19 ln 23 to ln 24; and DK RCS at para 17.

, and that he even scolded Kelvin with profanities and threatened to leave the
drugs at a nearby tree. 233

##### Foot Note 233

×

NE, 27 March 2023, p 16 ln 26 to ln 30; NE, 29 March 2023, p 19 ln 23 to ln
29.

159 Despite the above, Mr Dineshkumar was totally indifferent as to the nature
of the contents of the Three Bundles and was content to trust Kelvin’s
assurance that the bundles only contained “ice”. In this connection, the
following observation by the Court of Appeal in Mohamed Shalleh bin Abdul
Latiff v Public Prosecutor [2022] 2 SLR 79 at [32] is instructive:

It would rarely, if ever, be sufficient for an accused person to rebut the s
18(2) presumption by stating simply that he believed what he was told in
relation to what was in his possession. Where such a claim is made, the court
will, of course, have to consider whether it believes that bare claim and in
that regard, it will be necessary to consider the entire factual matrix and
context, including the relationship between the parties and all surrounding
circumstances.

Having considered the facts and circumstances, I reject the Knowledge Defence
as unbelievable.

Whether Mr Dineshkumar has rebutted the presumption of knowledge

160 For the foregoing reasons, I am unable to accept that Mr Dineshkumar has
established the Knowledge Defence on a balance of probabilities. As the
Knowledge Defence is rejected, it follows that Mr Dineshkumar has failed to
prove that he believed he was carrying some other drug other than the specific
drug (ie, diamorphine) in his possession: Gobi at [59]. Accordingly, I find
that Mr Dineshkumar has failed to rebut the presumption of knowledge under s
18(2) of the MDA.

Conclusion

161 In conclusion, the Prosecution has proved the charge against Mr Tan beyond
a reasonable doubt. Therefore, I convict Mr Tan of the charge against him of
having in his possession the Drugs for the purpose of trafficking.

162 In relation to Mr Dineshkumar, I also find that the Prosecution has proved
the charge of trafficking the Drugs beyond a reasonable doubt. I find Mr
Dineshkumar guilty and convict him of the charge.

163 I will now hear the parties on the sentences to be imposed on Mr Tan and
Mr Dineshkumar.

Hoo Sheau Peng-  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ng Yiwen, Lim Woon Yee, Joelle Loy and Ronnie Ang (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Andre Darius Jumabhoy (Andre Jumabhoy LLC) and Sankar s/o Kailasa Thevar
Saminathan (Sterling Law Corporation) for the first accused;  
Mahadevan Lukshumayeh (Lukshumayeh Law Corporation) and Elengovan s/o V
Krishnan (Elengovan Chambers) for the second accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 25 Aug 2023 (16:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

