Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 116

Bankruptcy No 2829 of 2022 (Summons No 531 of 2023)

In the matter of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (Act
40 of 2018)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Ambika d/o Ramachandran  
---  
  
Between

Mirmohammadali Hadian  
---  
  
… Claimant

And

Ambika d/o Ramachandran  
---  
  
… Defendant

And

Official Assignee  
---  
  
… Non-party

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Bankrupt’s duties and liabilities — Review by
court of determination of monthly contribution and target contribution —
Section 340(1) Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev
Ed)]

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Bankrupt’s duties and liabilities — Power of
court to vary monthly contribution and target contribution — Section 341(1)
Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mirmohammadali Hadian

  

v

  

Ambika d/o Ramachandran

  

(Official Assignee, non-party)

[2023] SGHC 116

General Division of the High Court — Bankruptcy No 2829 of 2022 (Summons No
531 of 2023)  
Goh Yihan JC  
11 April 2023

2 May 2023

Goh Yihan JC:

1 The applicant is a creditor and the claimant in HC/B 2829/2022. In the
present application (“SUM 531”), the applicant, Mr Mirmohammadali Hadian, had
applied for the court to review a determination by the Official Assignee (“the
OA”) in relation to the Bankruptcy Estate of Ambika d/o Ramachandran (“the
Bankrupt”). The OA had determined that the monthly contribution (“MC”) of the
Bankrupt was to be set at $100, and the target contribution (“TC”) to be set
at $5,200 over 52 months (“the Determination”). More specifically, the
applicant’s substantive prayer in SUM 531 stated as follows:

This Honourable Court reviews the decision of the Official Assignee … the
administrator of the estate of [the Bankrupt], that the monthly contribution
and target contribution of the Bankrupt be determined to be S$100 and S$5,200
respectively;

The key issue was therefore whether the applicant had shown sufficient reasons
for the court to review the Determination.

2 While the applicant did not specify the exact provision in the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IRDA”) upon which he
was relying in SUM 531, it is clear, from the similarity between his framing
of his substantive prayer and s 340(1) of the IRDA (“s 340(1)”), that he was
relying on s 340(1). For completeness, s 340(1) provides as follows:

Review by Court of determination of monthly contribution and target
contribution

340.—(1) If a bankrupt or any creditor of the bankrupt is dissatisfied with
the monthly contribution and target contribution determined under section 339,
the bankrupt or the creditor (as the case may be) may, within 21 days after
the service of the notice of the determination, apply to the Court to review
the determination.

This had a bearing on some of the arguments advanced by the applicant, which I
will return to below. For completeness, Mr Ang Leong Hao (“Mr Ang”), who
appeared for the applicant, pointed out during the hearing before me that the
applicant had expressed his desire that the OA “vary” the MC and the TC. Mr
Ang explained that the applicant had therefore advanced SUM 531 under both ss
340(1) and 341(1) of the IRDA. I disagreed with Mr Ang because the OA cannot
be expected to figure out the statutory basis for the applicant’s application
beyond a plain reading of the application and its substantive prayers.

3 During the hearing, Ms Angela Lee (“Ms Lee”), who appeared for the OA, said
that the OA would be willing to review the MC and TC based on the applicant’s
submission that the Bankrupt had not made full disclosure. Given the OA’s
position, I made no order as to the applicant’s application. However, I
directed the OA to conduct a new determination of the Bankrupt’s MC and TC if
it emerges from the OA’s investigation that the Bankrupt had failed to declare
all her other income that she is earning, or other information, such that
there is new information that affects the content of the factors listed in s
339(2) of the IRDA (“s 339(2)”). I now set out the full reasons for my
decision.

Background facts

4 I turn first to the background facts, which can be stated very simply. The
Debt owed by the Bankrupt arose out of a judgment which the applicant obtained
against the Bankrupt and her husband. On 7 October 2022, the applicant applied
for a bankruptcy order against the Bankrupt. The bankruptcy order was granted
on 10 November 2022. At the time of the bankruptcy order, the Debt due from
the Bankrupt stood at S$206,337.78.

5 On 6 February 2023, the applicant received a Notice of the Determination
dated 1 February 2023 from the OA (“the NOD”). In the NOD, the OA determined
the MC and TC of the Bankrupt to be S$100 and S$5,200, respectively. The
Bankrupt was to pay the MC of S$100 to the OA from 1 February 2023.

6 Being dissatisfied with the Determination, the applicant filed SUM 531 on 27
February 2023 to review the Determination. On 14 March 2023, the OA filed a
copy of his Explanation of Basis of Determination of MC and TC (“the
Explanation”). The Explanation was filed pursuant to r 121(1) of the
Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution (Personal Insolvency) Rules 2020
(“PIR”). Rule 121(1) of the PIR provides as follows:

Notice of application to Court, etc., under section 340(1) of Act

121.—(1) The trustee of a bankrupt’s estate on whom an application under
section 340(1) of the Act is served must, within 14 days after the date of
such service, file in court an explanation of the basis for making the
determination which is the subject of the application.

As can be seen from the text of r 121(1), the OA had filed the Explanation on
the basis that SUM 531 constituted an application under s 340(1). And as I
suggested above, the OA’s position was eminently reasonable given that the
applicant had framed his substantive prayer in SUM 531 in terms similar to s
340(1).

The parties’ general positions

7 I now set out the parties’ general positions in their written submissions. I
will elaborate on their specific positions in relation to the various issues
at the appropriate junctures below.

8 The applicant submitted that the Determination was erroneous. In light of
this, the applicant asked that the court direct the OA to request all relevant
documentation from the Bankrupt and to then determine the Bankrupt’s MC and
TC. The applicant also asked that the court direct the OA to consider the
following factors under s 339(2): (a) the current monthly income of the
Bankrupt, (b) the extent to which the current monthly income of the Bankrupt’s
husband may contribute to the maintenance of the Bankrupt’s family, and (c)
the monthly income that the Bankrupt may reasonably be expected to earn over
the duration of the bankruptcy.

9 In response, the OA submitted that SUM 531 should be dismissed for two
reasons. First, SUM 531 was filed out of time and no extension of time had
been granted for the applicant to file the present summons. Second, in any
event, a high threshold must be met in applications to review the OA’s
determination of a bankrupt’s MC and TC, and SUM 531 failed to meet this
threshold. Instead, the OA submitted that, in determining the MC and TC in
this case, the OA correctly exercised his statutory discretion by considering
all the relevant factors stipulated in the IRDA. As such, unless the applicant
could establish that the OA had acted perversely in the determination of the
MC and TC, this court should not disturb the Determination.

Whether SUM 531 was filed out of time

The parties’ positions

10 I turned first to consider the OA’s preliminary objection that SUM 531 was
filed out of time. More specifically, in his written submissions, the OA
stated that the NOD was served on the applicant on 2 February 2023 by
registered post in accordance with the requirements of s 429(1)(d) of the
IRDA. Section 429(1)(d) provides as follows:

Service of summons, notice, etc.

429.—(1) Every summons, notice or document required or authorised to be served
on any person under any provision of Parts 3 and 13 to 21 and, despite
anything to the contrary in the Criminal Procedure Code 2010, every summons
issued by a court for the attendance of any person accused of any offence
under Parts 3 and 13 to 21, may be served on the person —

…

(d) by forwarding it by registered post in a cover addressed to that person at
that person’s usual or last known place of residence or business or at any
address furnished by that person.

As such, the OA submitted that the effective date of service of the NOD was 2
February 2023. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

The Official Assignee’s written submissions at para 15.

For reasons that I will explain below (at [12]), this would make 23 February
2023 the deadline for filing SUM 531. Since the applicant only filed SUM 531
on 27 February 2023, the OA argued that the applicant had filed SUM 531 four
days out of time. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

The Official Assignee’s written submissions at para 2(a).

11 During the hearing, I observed to Ms Lee that the OA had changed his
position on the effective date of service. This is because in the Explanation,
the OA had stated that “the NOD was served on [the applicant] on 1 February
2023” and SUM 531 was therefore filed five days out of time. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Explanation of Determination at para 10.

Indeed, even at the pre-trial conference held as recently as 21 March 2023,
the OA maintained that SUM 531 was filed five days out of time. It would
appear that the OA had maintained that the effective date of service of the
NOD was 1 February 2023 all along until he changed his position in the written
submissions dated 4 April 2023 to the effective date instead being 2 February
2023. This is not an insignificant point. To my mind, this shows the problem
of regarding the effective date of service as the date of posting as opposed
to the date of delivery.

12 Taking the OA’s latest position that the effective date of service is 2
February 2023, the OA argued that SUM 531 was filed four days out of time
because s 340(1) provides that a bankrupt or any creditor dissatisfied with
the MC and TC “may, within 21 days after the service of the [NOD], apply to
the Court to review the determination”. Thus, the OA’s position was that the
deadline for the applicant to file SUM 531 was 21 days after 2 February 2023,
which would be 23 February 2023. However, the applicant only filed SUM 531 on
27 February 2023, which would be four days out of time.

13 In response to the OA’s preliminary objection, the applicant did not
dispute the wording of s 340(1). However, he argued that pursuant to s 2(5) of
the Interpretation Act 1965 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IA”), where the term “serve” or
any other word is used, service is deemed to have been effected at the time in
which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post. For
completeness, s 2(5) of the IA provides as follows:

Interpretation of certain words and expressions

2.—(5) Where an Act authorises or requires any document to be served by post,
whether the word “serve”, “give” or “send” or any other word is used, then,
unless a contrary intention appears, the service is deemed to be effected by
properly addressing, prepaying and posting a letter containing the document,
and, unless the contrary is proved, is deemed to have been effected at the
time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post.

14 The applicant pointed out that, by the tracking receipt of the Registered
Post, the NOD was delivered to his mailbox on 6 February 2023. Therefore, the
applicant argued in his written submissions that the OA was not correct to say
that the NOD was served on him on 1 February 2023. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Applicant’s written submissions at para 19(3).

I pause to note that the applicant’s written submissions had proceeded on the
OA’s prior position that the effective date of service was 1 February 2023. In
any event, by the applicant’s argument, the deadline for the applicant to file
SUM 531, being 21 days from 6 February 2023, should be 27 February 2023. The
applicant therefore filed SUM 531 within the stipulated deadline.

My decision: SUM 531 was filed within time

15 In my judgment, SUM 531 was filed within time. I agreed with the applicant
that the effect of s 2(5) of the IA read with s 340(1) of the IRDA means that
the effective date of service of the NOD is the date on which it has been
delivered. This would be 6 February 2023 in the present case. As such, SUM 531
was filed within time on 27 February 2023, being within the stipulated 21 days
from the date of service.

16 This conclusion is also consistent with the High Court’s approach in Chia
Kim Huay (litigation representative of the estate of Chua Chye Hee, deceased)
v Saw Shu Mawa Min Min and another [2012] 4 SLR 1096 (“Chua Chye Hee”). In
that case, Chan Seng Onn J said that (at [46]), in the context of service of
documents, s 2(5) of the IA modifies the postal acceptance rule at common law.
Thus, while the postal acceptance rule deems an acceptance sent by post to be
effective at the point of posting, s 2(5) of the IA deems service to be
effected only (a) by properly addressing, prepaying, and posting a letter
containing the document, and (b) unless the contrary is proved, at the time at
which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post. The latter
part of s 2(5) of the IA has been understood to mean that if a party being
served had actually received the document on a certain date, then service is
deemed to have been effected on that date. This explains why, on the facts of
Chua Chye Hee, Chan J held that an acceptance letter was deemed to have been
served “only when it was actually delivered to and received by the Defendant …
and not any earlier” (at [47]). Similarly, in Qingjian International (South
Pacific) Group Development Co Pte Ltd v Capstone Engineering Pte Ltd [2014]
SGHCR 5, the plaintiff had discharged its burden of proving that it had
received an order granting leave from the defendant. Applying s 2(5) of the
IA, the High Court held that service was deemed to be effected on the date of
receipt (at [24]–[26]). Applied to the present case, the effective date of the
NOD would be the date on which it was actually delivered to the applicant,
which is 6 February 2023.

17 Furthermore, this conclusion is also sensible from a policy perspective. It
must be remembered that the recipient would have no way of knowing when the OA
has posted the NOD. Instead, the recipient would only know the date of
delivery. He would thus only be able to ascertain when the 21-day period
prescribed in s 340(1) ends on this basis. In my view, so that the recipient
can properly ascertain the date by which he must file an application under s
340(1), the effective date of service should be when the NOD was actually
delivered to the recipient. This, in contrast to the date on which the OA
posted the NOD, is what would be known to the recipient.

18 In this regard, the OA also said that, on his case that the effective date
of service is 2 February 2023, the applicant in the present case still had “17
clear days” to file SUM 531. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

The Official Assignee’s written submissions at para 16.

In so far as the OA was suggesting that 17 days is still a substantial period
for the applicant to file SUM 531, I will say that if the IRDA has prescribed
a 21-day period for an applicant to consider whether to file an application
under s 340(1), then the applicant should have the full 21 days, no more and
no less. As such, to make the 21-day period real and meaningful to an
applicant, I decided that the effective date of service should be when the NOD
was actually delivered to the applicant.

19 Accordingly, I concluded that the NOD was filed within time and rejected
the OA’s preliminary objection on the basis that it was filed four (and, on
his previous position, five) days out of time.

Whether the Determination should be re-determined

The parties’ positions

20 I turned then to consider the applicant’s substantive prayer in SUM 531,
which was for the court to review the Determination. The applicant’s position
was that the Determination was erroneous for the following three reasons.
First, the OA had not properly considered the relevant factors under s 339(2)
in determining the MC and TC. Second, it was just and equitable to review the
Determination as it unduly prejudiced the applicant. Third, the Bankrupt had
failed to disclose information to the OA which the Bankrupt knew or ought to
reasonably know would have a material impact on the Determination.

21 In response, the OA submitted that the Determination fails to meet the
“perversity standard” laid down in the High Court decision of Zhang Hong En
Jonathan v Private Trustee in Bankruptcy of Zhang Hong’En Jonathan [2021] 4
SLR 139 (“Jonathan Zhang”) at [43]. By this standard, a court would consider
the merits and substance of the trustee’s decision against whether any other
reasonable trustee would have acted in the same way before interfering with
the trustee’s decision. The OA also submitted that while Jonathan Zhang
concerned an application for review under s 43 of the IRDA, the High Court has
held in Haotanto Anna Vanessa v Fang Ching Wen Ted [2022] SGHC 216
(“Haotanto”) that the same perversity standard should apply in relation to
reviews under s 340 of the IRDA (at [24]). The OA finally submitted that while
Haotanto involved a bankruptcy administered by a private trustee and not the
OA, the perversity standard should apply equally to a bankruptcy administered
by the OA since the duties of the private trustee and the OA are identical.

My decision: the applicant had not shown good reasons why the Determination
should be varied

22 In my judgment, the applicant had not shown good reasons why the
Determination should be varied. However, given the OA’s position as I had
spelt out earlier (at [3]), I made no order as to SUM 531. I instead ordered
that the OA conduct a new determination of the Bankrupt’s MC and TC if certain
conditions, which are not based on the three reasons advanced by the
applicant, are met.

The applicable law

23 I turn first to the applicable law. In this regard, I respectfully agree
with Aedit Abdullah J’s analysis of the applicable standard of review in
Haotanto. Indeed, I respectfully adopt the learned judge’s conclusions in
Haotanto in the context of an application to review the OA’s determination of
the MC and TC pursuant to s 340(1). By doing so, I arrive at the following
principles.

24 First, the standard of review applicable to the decisions of the OA in his
determination of the MC and TC would be the perversity standard as stated in
Jonathan Zhang. This flows from Abdullah J’s holding in Haotanto that the
perversity standard applied to the decisions of a private trustee. Since it is
clear that the duties of a private trustee and the OA are materially similar –
which are “to supervise the conduct and affairs of the bankrupt and to
administer the estate of the bankrupt” (see s 39(1) of the IRDA and Haotanto
at [15]) – it must follow that the same standard of review applies to the
decisions of both a private trustee and the OA.

25 Second, the perversity standard of review applied to the present context
required me to consider whether no other OA would have done what the OA has
done. Put differently, was the OA’s decision so absurd that no OA properly
advised or properly instructing himself could have so acted (see Jonathan
Zhang at [31] and [46], and Haotanto at [25])? In applying this standard, it
is important to bear in mind Abdullah J’s important guidance in Jonathan Zhang
(at [44]):

… It is perhaps better to describe the process as one of assessing the general
commercial and business judgment of the private trustee in furthering the
protection of the estate for the benefit of the creditors, and without causing
unnecessary prejudice to the bankrupt. Where the decision reached as a result
of such general commercial and business judgment is not indefensible, bearing
in mind the varying considerations to balance outlined at [41] above, the
court is unlikely to intervene. Further, where an action or decision may be
taken without causing harm to the estate or the creditors, and
correspondingly, harm might result to the bankrupt if that decision is not
approved, then the general inclination of the court would be to approve such a
decision.

26 Third, I will add that because s 339(2) provides that, for the purposes of
determining the MC, the OA must take into account the various factors listed,
the OA will need to show in response to an application made under s 340(1)
that he has, in fact, done this. In this regard, the information that the OA
would possess for the purposes of reaching an initial determination is heavily
dependent on the Statement of Affairs filed by the bankrupt person in Form
PIR-11 pursuant to r 102(1) of the PIR. In that Form, would-be bankrupt
persons would need to fill in information such as their spouse net income,
total monthly expenses, their family’s total monthly expenses, employment
records, and highest educational qualifications. As is apparent, these reflect
the factors that are statutorily expressed in s 339(2). The application of the
perversity standard, while setting a higher bar for challenging the
determination of the OA, cannot absolve the OA from considering these factors.
Rather, the application of the perversity standard is premised on the OA
having considered these factors and then coming to a determination pursuant to
s 339(1)(a) of the IRDA (“s 339(1)(a)”). It is with respect to that
determination that the perversity standard asks whether no other OA would have
reached that decision. In other words, the OA, and all other putative OAs in
the perversity standard analysis, would have taken into account all the
factors in s 339(2).

27 More specifically, how the OA is to demonstrate that he has taken into
account of the factors in s 339(2) will differ from case to case. In this
regard, I do not think that the OA needs to show that he has considered the
factors in any great detail. It suffices for him to show briefly that he has
considered the factors. Neither do I think that the OA needs to establish that
he has, as the applicant put it, “properly” considered the factors. This is
because the consideration of whether the OA “properly” considered the factors
would be to descend into considering the substantive merits of the
determination, and the perversity standard of review should then apply.
Indeed, the overarching principle is that the OA should be allowed to do his
job without constantly looking over the shoulder to wonder if some complaint
would be made (see Jonathan Zhang at [42]). As such, it suffices for the
purposes of showing that the OA had complied with the mandatory requirement of
taking into account the facts listed in s 339(2), if the OA can establish that
he had taken the factors into account by, for example, explaining the
connection between the factors and the determination in question. This inquiry
does not relate to the merits of the determination, because the court is not
assessing the correctness of the conclusion drawn from a consideration of
these factors.

28 In summary, I was of the view that the consideration of an application
under s 340(1) to review the OA’s determination of the MC and TC should
proceed in two stages:

(a) First, has the OA shown that he has complied with the mandatory
requirement of considering the factors in s 339(2)?

(b) Second, if the OA has shown that he had considered the factors in s
339(2), then does the determination reached pursuant to s 339(1)(a) withstand
review under the perversity standard? The question to be asked is whether the
OA’s decision is so absurd that no OA properly advised or properly instructing
himself could have so acted. If the answer to this question is yes, then the
OA’s determination should be varied.

The OA had considered the factors set out in s 339(2) of the IRDA

29 With the above principles in mind, I turned to the applicant’s first reason
for challenging the Determination. This was that the OA had not properly
considered the relevant factors under s 339(2) in determining the MC and TC.
For reasons that I will now explain, I disagreed with this reason and held
that the OA had considered the factors set out in s 339(2).

30 In this regard, the applicant submitted that the OA had based the
Determination on the unsupported assertion that “both the bankrupt and her
spouse are required to contribute equally towards their children’s expenses”
and therefore did not consider the factor in s 339(2)(b). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Applicant’s written submissions at para 22.

For completeness, this factor is framed in s 339(2) of the IRDA in the
following terms:

(b) the extent to which the current monthly income of the bankrupt’s spouse
may contribute to the maintenance of the bankrupt’s family;

In gist, the applicant submitted that the OA had not considered the extent to
which the Bankrupt’s husband may contribute to the maintenance of the
Bankrupt’s family because the OA had simply asserted that “both the bankrupt
and her spouse are required to contribute equally towards their children’s
expenses” [emphasis in original] 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Explanation of Determination at para 9.

without explaining how such a position was arrived at.

31 I disagreed with this submission because the OA had clearly, in accordance
with the terms of s 339(2), considered this factor by making an assessment
that, in the circumstances of this case, the Bankrupt’s husband had a joint
responsibility to maintain their two children. As such, it was not correct for
the applicant to say that the OA had not even considered this factor. As for
what appears to be the applicant’s disagreement with the substance of the OA’s
determination in relation to this factor, I found that the application of
perversity standard militated against varying the Determination. This is
because I was not convinced that no OA properly advised or properly
instructing himself could have so acted. For example, I found that it is
within the OA’s commercial judgment to attribute little or no weight to the
Bankrupt’s husband email dated 13 December 2022 that he was the “sole
breadwinner in [his] family”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Applicant’s Bundle of Documents at p 85.

It would be untenable if the OA’s determination is subject to such detailed
scrutiny because it is always possible to find room for fine disagreements.

32 The applicant also submitted that the OA had simply taken the view that the
Bankrupt’s current salary of $2,450 was representative of her earning capacity
and therefore did not consider the factor in s 339(2)(c) of the IRDA (“s
339(2)(c)”). The applicant elaborated that the OA had relied solely on the
account of the gross wage of a General Office Clerk aged between 30 and 39
years old from the Ministry of Manpower’s Occupational Wage Survey in June
2021 (“OWS”), and therefore did not consider the specific factors in ss
339(2)(c)(i) to 339(2)(c)(vi). For completeness, s 339(2)(c) provides as
follows:

(2) For the purposes of determining the monthly contribution mentioned in
subsection (1)(a), the Official Assignee must take into account —

(c) the monthly income that the bankrupt may reasonably be expected to earn
over the duration of the bankruptcy, taking into account —

(i) the previous and current monthly income of the bankrupt;

(ii) the educational and vocational qualifications, age and work experience of
the bankrupt;

(iii) the range of monthly income earned by persons who are employed in
occupations, positions or roles similar to that in which the bankrupt is, or
can be expected to be, employed;

(iv) the effect which the bankruptcy may have on the bankrupt’s earning
capacity or other income;

(v) the prevailing economic conditions; and

(vi) the period of time during which the bankrupt is likely to be capable of
earning a meaningful income; …

33 I disagreed with the applicant’s argument that the OA had not considered
the factor in s 339(2)(c). This is because the OA plainly considered the
Bankrupt’s current employment and concluded that the Bankrupt’s current gross
salary of $2,450 is a reasonable measure of her income over the 52-month
period where she is required to make the MC payments. Indeed, I did not think
that the OA needed to show that he had considered the specific factors. This
is because while s 339(2) provides that the OA must take into account the
factors listed in ss 339(2)(a), 339(2)(b), 339(2)(c), and 339(2)(d), that does
not extend to the specific factors in ss 339(2)(c)(i) to 339(2)(c)(vi). It is
important in this regard to note that the word “must” does not similarly
appear in s 339(2)(c) to describe the OA’s obligation to take into account the
specific factors listed at ss 339(2)(c)(i) to 339(2)(c)(vi).

34 Ultimately, the specific factors are not to be applied in a mechanistic
fashion but are rather meant to inform the OA’s estimate as to the monthly
income that the bankrupt may be reasonably expected to earn over the duration
of the bankruptcy. All that the OA needs to show is that he had conducted an
assessment that would meaningfully inform that estimate. This would often, but
not necessarily, involve the consideration of the specific factors in ss
339(2)(c)(i) to 339(2)(c)(vi). I was persuaded that the OA had done so in the
present case, as I considered the Bankrupt’s current gross monthly salary of
$2,450 to be a reasonable measure of what she may be expected to earn over the
period of her bankruptcy. In reaching this conclusion, the OA had regard to
the OWS, which states that the gross wage of a General Office Clerk aged
between 30 and 39 years old is $2,650. While the applicant asserted that the
Bankrupt drew a monthly salary of $2,800 in her previous job, there was no
independent evidence to corroborate this. In any event, even if the OA must
take these specific factors into account, it was more than sufficient that the
OA has considered the OWS because the specific factors listed in s 339(2)(c)
implicitly find expression within the OWS.

35 In essence, the applicant’s arguments as to how the OA had not considered
the factors in s 339(2) descended into the minutiae, which is not warranted in
an application under s 339(1) of the IRDA (“s 339(1)”). I repeat that it is
sufficient for the OA to show briefly that he has considered the factors in s
339(1) in order to comply with the statutory direction that he “must” take
into account of these factors (see [27] above). In so far as the applicant’s
first reason amounts to a challenge on the substantive merits of the
Determination, I would repeat that the OA is entitled to make commercial
decisions without needing to constantly worry about complaints being made
against those decisions. The application of the perversity standard of review
gives effect to this principle. Applying that standard, I was not convinced
that the Determination should be varied.

The OA’s Determination need not have taken into account the applicant’s
prejudice

36 I then considered the applicant’s second reason for challenging the
Determination, which was that it was just and equitable to review the
Determination as it unduly prejudiced the applicant. In this regard, the
applicant argued that the Determination would unduly prejudice his interests
as a creditor because the TC of $5,200 over 52 months would constitute a mere
2% of the Debt. As such, the Bankrupt could potentially be discharged from
bankruptcy having only paid $5,200 towards repayment of the Debt.

37 I disagreed with this argument because all the factors in s 339(2) relate
to the income and expenses of the bankrupt and his or her family, and not to
other circumstances such as the bankrupt’s debts or liabilities. While it is
true that, generally, the courts should consider the interests of the
creditors in reviewing the OA’s decisions (see Jonathan Zhang at [41]), I did
not think that this allows the courts to read into s 339(2) what was not
intended by Parliament.

38 In this regard, Parliament had intended for the “differentiated discharge
framework” under which s 339(2) operates to be a “rehabilitative regime”,
which would incentivise bankrupts to make sufficient contributions to achieve
an earlier discharge. This would give bankrupts a chance to make a fresh start
(see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (13 July 2015), vol 93
(“13 July Second Reading Debate”)). Indeed, this might explain why, in
response to a question posed to her during the Second Reading of the
Bankruptcy (Amendment) Bill 2015, the Senior Minister of State for Education
and Law, Ms Indranee Rajah, clearly stated that “[t]he [TC] is determined
without reference to the debts owned by the bankrupt, but according to what
reasonably their income is” (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (14 July 2015), vol 93). Conceivably, if bankrupts are able to pay the
MC within the limits of their monthly income and expenses, they might be more
incentivised to do so, which would in turn benefit creditors. On the flipside,
concerns of moral hazard are intended to be addressed by safeguards in the
form of permanent bankruptcy records and the discretion by the OA or the court
to extend the bankruptcy (see 13 July Second Reading Debate). Given the
balance that Parliament has struck in this matter, it would not be the proper
function of the courts to depart from it. Accordingly, within the confines of
the applicant’s application under s 340(1) for this court to review the
Determination made under s 339(1)(a), I found no cause to disturb the
Determination.

39 In relation to the applicant’s allusion to the court’s power under s
341(2)(c) of the IRDA to vary the MC and TC where it is “just and equitable”
to do so, it is important, as I alluded to at the beginning of these grounds,
that SUM 531 was framed in terms of an application pursuant to s 340(1) and
not s 341(1) of the IRDA. This is important because the specific grounds
listed in s 341(2) clearly contemplate that an application based on s 341(1)
is different from one based on s 340(1). This explains why the OA had provided
the Explanation pursuant to r 121(1) of the PIR but did not otherwise address,
in either his affidavit or submissions, whether it would be “just and
equitable” to vary the MC and TC. The OA never had proper notice of the
applicant’s intention to mount a prayer under s 341(1). In the circumstances,
it would not have been proper for me to determine what was effectively the
applicant’s new prayer that was premised on s 341(2)(c) read with s 341(1),
when the OA never had a chance to respond to this properly.

The OA’s Determination need not have taken into account the Bankrupt’s alleged
failure to declare assets

40 Finally, I turned to the applicant’s third reason for challenging the
Determination. This reason was that the court has the power under s 341(2)(a)
of the IRDA to vary the MC or TC where “the bankrupt … [has] failed to
disclose to, the [OA]… information which the bankrupt knows or ought
reasonably to know would have a material impact on the determination”, and the
Bankrupt has allegedly failed to declare assets in the present case.

41 I rejected this third reason on two grounds. First, within the confines of
the applicant’s application under s 340(1), whether the Bankrupt had failed to
declare her assets was not a factor that the OA had to consider under s
339(2). Second, and more pertinently, this allegation that the Bankrupt had
failed to declare her assets should properly be made in an application under s
341(1). It would not have been fair for me to consider this argument on the
basis of s 341(1) when the OA did not have proper notice of the applicant’s
intention to make an application under s 341(1).

The OA should conduct a new determination of the MC and TC if certain
conditions are met

42 However, given the OA’s sensible position that he would be willing to
review the Determination on his own accord, I made no order as to SUM 531.
Indeed, in so far as the OA had acknowledged the applicant’s allegation that
the Bankrupt failed to declare all her assets and that he would “investigate”
these allegations, it may well be that those investigations would uncover
fresh facts that would have a direct bearing on the content of the factors in
s 339(2). If that were the case, then the OA would come under a fresh
obligation under s 339(2) to take into account of the factors listed there.

43 With this in mind, I therefore directed, under s 340(5)(b) of the IRDA,
that the OA conduct a new determination of the Bankrupt’s MC and TC if it
emerges from the OA’s investigation that the Bankrupt had failed to declare
all her other income, or other information, such that there is new information
that affects the content of the factors listed in s 339(2).

Conclusion

44 In conclusion, for the reasons I have given above, I made no order as to
SUM 531 but instead made the order detailed in the preceding paragraph. For
completeness, I also made no order as to the costs of this application.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Leong Kah Wah, Ang Leong Hao and Sia Bao Hui (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the applicant;

The Defendant absent and unrepresented;

Angela Lee and Christopher Eng Chee Yang (Insolvency & Public Trustee’s
Office) for the non-party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 02 May 2023 (15:59 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

