Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 304

Criminal Case No 69 of 2022

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Khor Khai Gin Davis  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Sexual offences]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Attempted rape]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Khor Khai Gin Davis

[2023] SGHC 304

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 69 of 2022  
Pang Khang Chau J  
1 December 2022, 31 March 2023

26 October 2023

Pang Khang Chau J:

Introduction

1 From sometime in 2020 until his arrest on 1 March 2021, the accused messaged
multiple girls on Instagram, asking them whether they needed a part-time job
or cash. He would then invite them to his residence for the purpose of
engaging in sexual acts with them in exchange for cash. At least four girls,
between 13 and 17 years old at the material time, responded and eventually
went to his residence. The accused performed sexual acts on three of these
girls at his residence. These incidents formed the basis of the ten charges
brought against him. He pleaded guilty to four of these charges and consented
to have the remaining charges taken into consideration (“TIC”) for the
purposes of sentencing.

2 One of the charges faced by the accused was for attempted statutory rape
committed after the coming into force of s 167 of the Criminal Law Reform Act
2019 (Act 15 of 2019) (“CLRA”), which repealed the then s 511 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”) and replaced it with new ss 511 and 512.
One effect of this amendment was that the maximum term of imprisonment for an
attempted offence would no longer be limited to half of the maximum
imprisonment term prescribed for the completed offence, but would henceforth
be the same as that prescribed for the completed offence. This case therefore
raised a novel issue concerning how the approach to sentencing for attempted
rape should be adjusted in the light of this legislative development.

The Charges

3 The four charges that the accused pleaded guilty to concerned three
different victims, whom I shall refer to in these grounds as “V1”, “V2” and
“V3” respectively. Specifically, the four proceeded charges alleged that:

(a) the accused sexually penetrated, with a vibrator, the vagina of V1 who was
then below 14 years of age, thereby committing an offence under s 376A(1)(b)
punishable under s 376A(3) of the PC (the “Second Charge”);

(b) the accused sexually penetrated, with a vibrator, the vagina of V2 who was
then below 16 years of age, thereby committing an offence under s 376A(1)(b)
punishable under s 376A(2)(b) of the PC (the “Third Charge”);

(c) the accused attempted to commit rape by attempting to penetrate, with his
penis, the vagina of V1 who was then below 14 years of age, thereby committing
an offence under s 375(1)(b) read with s 511 of the PC, punishable under s
375(2) read with s 512 of the PC (the “Sixth Charge”); and

(d) the accused communicated on more than one occasion with V3 who was then
below 16 years of age and met her for the purpose of committing the offence of
sexual penetration of a minor, thereby committing an offence under s 376E(1)
punishable under s 376E(4)(b) of the PC (the “Tenth Charge”).

4 The TIC charges comprise:

(a) three other charges for sexual penetration of V1 (the “First Charge”, the
“Fifth Charge” and the “Seventh Charge”);

(b) one other charge for attempted statutory rape of V1 (the “Eighth Charge”);

(c) one charge for attempted sexual penetration of V2 (the “Ninth Charge”);
and

(d) one charge under s 376B(1) of the PC for obtaining for consideration the
sexual services of a fourth victim (“V4”) who was then below 18 years of age
(the “Fourth Charge”).

5 I begin by considering the Second and Sixth Charges as they both concern V1,
before turning to consider the charges relating to V2 and V3. As between the
Second and Sixth Charges, I will deal first with the Sixth Charge as that
offence was committed earlier in time.

Sixth Charge

6 On 21 August 2020, the accused attempted to penetrate the vagina of V1 with
his penis at his residence. V1 was 13 years old at the time. This formed the
basis of the Sixth Charge.

What was the applicable sentencing approach for attempted rape offences after
s 511 PC was repealed and re-enacted as s 511 and s 512 PC in 2019?

7 In the version of the PC in force prior to 1 January 2020 (hereafter “the
Pre-2020 PC”), s 511 provided, among other things, that the longest term of
imprisonment that may be imposed for an attempt to commit an offence shall not
exceed one-half of the longest period provided for the completed offence (“the
statutory one-half limit”). In the light of this statutory one-half limit, I
decided in Public Prosecutor v Udhayakumar Dhashinamoorthy Criminal Case No 43
of 2018 (“Udhayakumar”) that the punishment for the offence of attempted
statutory rape should be determined by adapting the framework laid down in Ng
Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (the “Terence Ng
framework”) through halving the sentencing ranges for each of the three
sentencing bands of the Terence Ng framework. The approach adopted in
Udhayakumar was subsequently cited with approval and applied by Woo Bih Li J
(as he then was) in Public Prosecutor v Ridhaudin Ridhwan bin Bakri and others
[2020] 4 SLR 790 (“Ridhaudin (sentencing)”) for determining the punishment for
the offence of attempted rape.

8 With effect from 1 January 2020, upon the coming into force of s 167 of the
CLRA, s 511 of the Pre-2020 PC was repealed and replaced by new ss 511 and 512
PC. Under the new s 512 PC, the statutory one-half limit was abolished, with
the result that the maximum imprisonment term that may be imposed for an
attempt to commit an offence is now the same as the maximum that may be
imposed for the completed offence. This raises the issue of the proper
approach towards sentencing for attempted rape offences committed on or after
1 January 2020.

Parties’ submissions

9 Noting that there are no local cases on the sentencing of attempted rape
offences committed after 1 January 2020, the Prosecution proposed an approach
(the “Prosecution’s Proposed Approach”) which consisted of two stages. At the
first stage, the Terence Ng framework would be used to determine what the
appropriate sentence would have been if the attempt were successful and the
rape offence had been completed. At the second stage, the court exercises its
discretion to determine if a discount should be applied on account that the
offence was not completed and, if so, the extent of the discount. Factors to
be considered in determining the discount to be applied may include the steps
taken by the offender towards the attempt to commit the offence, the reason
that the attempt was unsuccessful, and whether a long sentence is required to
reflect the seriousness of the offence and the need to protect the public.

10 The Defence disagreed with the Prosecution’s Proposed Approach and proposed
two alternative approaches. The first was to continue applying the framework
adopted in Ridhaudin (sentencing) by halving the sentences within each band of
the Terence Ng framework (the “Defence’s First Proposed Approach”). In the
alternative, the Defence proposed a second approach which involved transposing
the Terence Ng framework to apply to attempted rape offences in a manner
similar to how the Terence Ng framework was transposed to apply to the offence
of sexual assault by penetration in Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR
1015 (“Pram Nair”) (the “Defence’s Second Proposed Approach”).

11 Since there are, as yet, no local precedents applying s 512 PC to the
offence of attempted rape, I began by considering the legislative history of s
512 PC, followed by examining any local cases which may have applied s 512 PC
to other types of offences, before turning to consider the sentencing approach
taken in other jurisdictions where the maximum sentences prescribed for
attempted offences are the same as the maximum sentences for the completed
offences.

Legislative history

12 The CLRA was enacted to, among other things, give effect to the
recommendations of the Penal Code Review Committee (“PCRC”) co-chaired by Ms
Indranee Rajah SC, Minister in Prime Minister’s Office, Second Minister for
Education and Second Minister for Finance and Mr Amrin Amin, Senior
Parliamentary Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (6 May 2019), vol 94 (Mr Amrin Amin, Senior
Parliamentary Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs)). One of the
recommendations of the PCRC was that “attempts should generally be punishable
with the same prescribed punishments as the primary offence, save where
express provision is made by the Penal Code or any other written law” (Penal
Code Review Committee Report 2018 (the “PCRC Report”), at 201).

13 In recommending the removal of the statutory one-half limit, the PCRC
Report explained that while “attempts ought not to be punished as severely as
the completed offence”, the precise discount to be given “is an assessment
more suited for judicial discretion rather than an arbitrary reduction in the
maximum term of imprisonment as s 511 of the Penal Code currently sets out”
(at 202). The PCRC Report further elaborated that (at 202):

This also allows for the imposition of sentences that more accurately capture
the culpability of the offender, notwithstanding that the prohibited outcome
did not materialise. There is no reason in principle why someone who attempts
an offence is only half as blameworthy as someone who has completed the
offence.

[emphasis added]

14 The PCRC Report also cited para 2.108 of the UK Law Commission’s report on
Criminal Law: Attempt, and Impossibility in Relation to Attempt, Conspiracy
and Incitement (Law Com No. 102, 1980) in support of the PCRC’s
recommendation. That paragraph expressed agreement with a passage from the UK
Law Commission’s Working Paper No 50 Inchoate Offences: Conspiracy, Attempt
and Incitement (1973), at para 113. The relevant part of that passage reads:

… Some Codes provide for lower penalties for attempts than the completed
offences but it is suggested that this treatment fails to take into account
the fact that attempts may range in scope from the offence which is frustrated
at the last moment either by chance or the intervention of a third person, to
the earliest and most remote acts of preparation which can properly be
regarded as an attempt. It is for this reason that we propose as a general
rule (which will, of course, be subject to specific provision by Parliament)
that the penalty for an attempt to commit an offence should be in the
discretion of the court subject only to the limitation that it does not exceed
any maximum prescribed for the completed offence.

15  The PCRC Report went on to refer (at 202) to the case of Public Prosecutor
v Huang Shiyou [2010] 1 SLR 417 (“Huang Shiyou”) in which the accused pleaded
guilty and was convicted on five charges including one charge of attempted
rape. In that case, the victim’s evidence, in relation to the charge of
attempted rape, was that she felt something poking her vagina about ten times
before the offender desisted and left (at [8]). To the PCRC, Huang Shiyou
illustrates the arbitrariness of the statutory one-half limit because the
culpability of the offender in that case was “not, by any measure, half of the
culpability of a person who had completed the offence”.

16 From the foregoing discussion, it could be discerned that the PCRC had the
following considerations in mind when making its recommendation to abolish the
statutory one-half limit:

(a) as a general principle, an attempt ought not to be punished as severely as
the completed offence;

(b) in punishing an attempt, the precise discount to be given from the
punishment for a completed offence should be in the discretion of the court;
and

(c) factors that would affect the punishment of an attempt include the
culpability of the offender, the reasons the attempt did not proceed to
completion, and the extent that the attempt had progressed towards completion
before it was stopped or called off.

17 At this point, it might be observed that the use of the term “discount” in
the PCRC Report lent some support to the Prosecution’s proposal for a two-
stage approach, while the factors mentioned in [16(c)] above lent support to
the list of factors which the Prosecution contended to be relevant at the
second stage.

The local authorities

18 While there were no local authorities for the sentencing of attempted rape
under s 512 PC, the Prosecution drew my attention to the case of Public
Prosecutor v Merina Ng Su Yi [2022] SGDC 17 (“Merina Ng”), where the offender
pleaded guilty to one cheating charge and one attempted cheating charge
(committed after 1 January 2020). In that case, after picking up a misplaced
wallet containing a few credit cards, the offender used one of the credit
cards to successfully purchase a handbag costing $11,210. Later, she attempted
to purchase an iPhone valued at $2,168 with the same credit card but the
transaction was declined. She then tried paying with a different credit card
from the misplaced wallet but the transaction was again declined. At that
point, she decided not to proceed with the purchase and left the store. The
learned Senior District Judge Bala Reddy (“SDJ Reddy”) sentenced the offender
to seven months’ imprisonment for the cheating charge and one month’s
imprisonment for the attempted cheating charge.

19 In determining the sentence for the attempted cheating charge, SDJ Reddy
began by noting that the sentencing precedents for (completed) cheating
offences showed that, where the amount cheated was between $1,200 and $6,000,
custodial sentences between 6 and 12 months had been imposed (at [31]). Next,
he considered that the sentencing tariffs and precedents involving cheating
offences were useful in determining the sentence to be imposed for the
attempted cheating offence (at [34]). Then, applying considerations similar to
those for the (completed) cheating offence, SDJ Reddy decided that one month’s
imprisonment would be appropriate for the attempted cheating charge, bearing
in mind that the amount of $2,168 involved was only potential loss and not
actual loss (at [23] and [34]).

20 In this regard, I agreed that by considering the amount of potential loss
if the attempt had succeeded, and by starting with the sentencing tariffs and
precedents for (completed) cheating offences before calibrating downwards on
account of there being no actual loss, the approach adopted in Merina Ng lent
support to the two-stage approach proposed by the Prosecution.

21 The survey of local precedents need not be confined to cases decided under
s 512 PC in relation to attempted offences which were committed on or after 1
January 2020. This is because, even before 1 January 2020, there were already
provisions in various statutes which expressly provided that attempts to
commit certain specific offences were subject to the same punishment as the
completed offences. It would therefore be helpful to consider precedents on
sentencing of attempted offences under such provisions.

22 One example of such provisions is s 12 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), which provides that:

12\. Any person who abets the commission of or who attempts to commit or does
any act preparatory to, or in furtherance of, the commission of any offence
under this Act shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable on
conviction to the punishment provided for that offence.

In Public Prosecutor v Mas Swan bin Adnan and another appeal [2012] 3 SLR 527
(“Mas Swan”), the offender was charged with importing 21.48g of diamorphine.
His defence that he believed he was importing ecstasy pills and not
diamorphine was accepted by the court. Consequently, he was acquitted of the
charge of importing diamorphine and convicted on the amended charge of
attempting to import ecstasy pills. In deciding on the sentence to be imposed
for attempted importation of ecstasy pills, the Court of Appeal began with the
precedents laying down the factors to be considered when determining the
sentence for a (completed) drug trafficking offence (at [56]). The Court of
Appeal went on to hold that these factors were also applicable to attempted
drug trafficking offences. As one of these factors is the quantity of
controlled drugs involved, the Court of Appeal held (at [57]):

The quantity of controlled drugs involved in the importation is a material
consideration in determining the potential harm to society. In the present
case, the actual amount of ecstasy that Mas Swan was found to have attempted
to import into Singapore cannot be determined at all because what was actually
imported was diamorphine. It is therefore necessary for the court to formulate
an acceptable means of calculating the notional quantity of ecstasy attempted
to be imported for the purpose of sentencing him. The quantity has to be
notional because, as we have just pointed out, the actual quantity cannot be
determined.

[emphasis in original]

23 The Court of Appeal then referred to the approach taken in two English
cases. The first case is Regina v Tomasz Szmyt [2010] 1 Cr App R (S) 69 (“R v
Szmyt”), where the offender was found with 1,998 harmless tablets which he
thought were ecstasy tablets. The English Court of Appeal held that the proper
approach was to first consider what would have been the appropriate sentence
if 1,998 ecstasy tablets had been imported, and then apply a discount to
account for the fact that the actual substances imported were harmless
tablets. The second case is R v Magdalen Genevieve Wolin [2006] 1 Cr App R (S)
133 (“R v Wolin”), where the offender imported lignocaine, a non-prohibited
substance, thinking she was importing cocaine. The court there similarly
applied a discount to account for the fact that the offender was charged with
an attempt and not a completed offence, and the fact that the substance
imported was not a prohibited substance.

24 As for the specific sentence to be imposed on the offender in Mas Swan, the
Court of Appeal began by noting that the sentencing precedents on the
importation of ecstasy showed that the range of imprisonment term imposed was
between seven and ten years and, if precedents on the importation of Yaba were
included, the range would be between five and 13 years (at [58]). (“Yaba” was
the street name of a methamphetamine-based drug which had been classified
together with ecstasy as belonging to the category of “amphetamine-type
stimulants” by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime.) Nonetheless, the
Court of Appeal decided not to use the sentencing range in cases of
importation of ecstasy or Yaba to determine the sentencing range in Mas Swan,
and further held that no discount should be given (at [59]). This was because,
unlike the cases of R v Szmyt and R v Wolin where the actual items imported
were not prohibited substances, the actual substance imported in Mas Swan was
diamorphine, which was a more serious controlled drug than ecstasy. In the
end, the Court of Appeal decided to impose a sentence of 15 years’
imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane.

25 Although the Court of Appeal ultimately did not sentence the offender in
Mas Swan using the approach taken in R v Szmyt and R v Wolin, it was not
because the Court of Appeal had disapproved of the approach in these two
English cases. Instead, it was clear from the judgment in Mas Swan that the
Court of Appeal was prepared to follow such an approach were it not for the
fact that the actual substance imported in Mas Swan was something more serious
than the ecstasy pills which the offender attempted to import. This much was
evident from the Court of Appeal’s remark that it was “necessary for the court
to formulate an acceptable means of calculating the notional quantity of
ecstasy attempted to be imported for the purpose of sentencing” (at [57]). In
my view, Mas Swan’s acceptance of the approach taken in R v Szmyt and R v
Wolin lent support to the Prosecution’s Proposed Approach.

The foreign authorities

26 Given the dearth of local authorities, I considered that it was useful to
look also at the approach adopted in jurisdictions where attempted offences
are subject to the same maximum punishment as the completed offences. In this
regard, the Prosecution identified as relevant the UK, as well as the
Australian jurisdictions of the Australian Capital Territory and New South
Wales.

(1) The UK authorities

27 The provisions for attempted offences in England and Wales are set out in
the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 (c 47) (UK) (“UK CAA”). Section 4(1)(b) of the
UK CAA provides that a person guilty under s 1 of attempting to commit an
offence (not being murder or any other offence the sentence for which is fixed
by law) shall “be liable on conviction on indictment to any penalty to which
he would have been liable on conviction on indictment of that offence”.

28 As already noted above, in the context of attempted drug trafficking, the
English courts adopt a two-stage approach similar to the Prosecution’s
Proposed Approach. In the context of attempts to commit sexual offences, the
Prosecution cited the English Court of Appeal case of R v Reed and another
[2021] 1 WLR 5429 (“Reed”). Reed concerned five offenders whose offences
involved attempting to incite fictional children (who were actually police
officers pretending to be children) into engaging in sexual activity, and one
offender whose offence involved attempting to incite an actual child into
engaging in sexual activity. The lower courts in these six cases applied
conflicting authorities in determining the sentences for the attempted
offences. Some applied the sentencing approach in Attorney General’s Reference
No. 94 of 2014 (R v Baker) [2016] 4 WLR 121 (“Baker”), which was to categorise
the attempted offence within Category 3 (the least severe “Harm” category) of
the Sexual Offences: Definitive Guideline published by the Sentencing Council
for England and Wales (the “Guideline”). Others applied the sentencing
approach in R v Privett & Others [2020] EWCA Crim 557 (“Privett”) (see [31]
below).

29 At this juncture, it will be useful to briefly explain the Guideline.
Section 125(2) of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009 (c 25) (UK) requires that
every court “must, in sentencing an offender follow any sentencing guidelines
which are relevant to the offender’s case”. The Guideline uses a
“Harm/Culpability” matrix with three categories of “Harm” and two bands of
“Culpability” defined for each sexual offence covered by the Guideline. As to
Harm, Category 1 is the most serious and Category 3 the least; and as to
Culpability, the “A” band is more serious than “B”. The three categories of
Harm and two bands of Culpability yield a Harm/Culpability matrix with six
permutations, each with its own starting point sentence and its own sentencing
range (termed “category range” in the Guideline).

30 The sentencing approach in Baker was to treat an inchoate offence as
involving the least severe level of harm and this would be determinative of
the starting point sentence to be applied. This was perhaps justified on the
facts of Baker, which involved an offender who attempted to incite (over a
series of ‘Whatsapp’ messages) a 13-year-old girl to engage in sexual
penetration of the girl’s mouth with his penis, however the proposed sexual
activity never took place as he eventually ended the series of ‘Whatsapp’
communications. The court in Baker rationalised that where the offence of
inciting a child to engage in sexual activity punishable under s 10(1) and s
10(2) of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (c 42) (UK) (“UK SOA”) “does not lead
the child to behave in the manner incited, although the culpability is likely
to be identical, the harm is necessarily less: the same is so in relation to
attempts” (Baker at [32]).

31 Privett concerned four appeals where the offender in each case had been in
contact with an undercover police officer who had been posing as the mother of
a fictitious child. Each of them believed the intended victims were real and
they arranged with the ‘mother’ to engage in sexual activity with the
children. They were each charged for arranging or facilitating the commission
of a child sex offence contrary to s 14 of the UK SOA. The English Court of
Appeal held that the proper sentencing position under the Guideline was,
first, to identify the category of harm by reference to the type of sexual
activity the defendant intended, and, second, to adjust the sentence in order
to ensure it is “commensurate” with, or proportionate to, the applicable
starting point and range if no sexual activity had occurred (including because
the victim was fictional) (Privett at [67]).

32 The issue which the English Court of Appeal posed to itself in Reed was (at
[1] and [5]): What is the overarching principle to be applied for sentencing
in respect of all instances of offences under the UK SOA where a sexual
offence has been committed in respect of a child and no sexual activity
occurs? In preferring the approach in Privett, the court in Reed held that the
decision in Baker was “unsustainable” because it was “in clear contravention”
of s 63 of the Sentencing Act 2020 (c 17) (UK) (“UK Sentencing Act”) (Reed at
[21]), which provides:

63 Assessing seriousness

Where a court is considering the seriousness of any offence, it must consider—

(a) the offender's culpability in committing the offence, and

(b) any harm which the offence—

(i) caused,

(ii) was intended to cause, or

(iii) might foreseeably have caused.

[emphasis added]

33 The court in Reed went on to hold that the approach in Privett should apply
to all child sex offences “when the defendant attempts to commit these
offences or incite a child to engage in certain activity but the activity does
not take place” (at [23]). The court then summarised the approach in the
following terms (at [23]):

The harm should always be assessed in the first instance by reference to [the
defendant’s] intentions, followed by a downward movement from the starting
point to reflect the fact that the sexual act did not occur, either because
there was no real child or for any other reason.

34 I spent some time analysing Reed as that was the key authority cited by the
Prosecution. Even though Reed was a case dealing with inchoate child sex
offences generally, it was clear from the passages quoted above that the two-
stage approach adopted in Reed applied also to the sentencing of attempts,
which was a subset of the inchoate offences dealt with in Reed.

35 Apart from Reed, it would also be relevant to consider the case of Attorney
General’s Reference No. 79 of 2013, R v C (G) [2014] EWCA Crim 1152 (“R v
C(G)”), which directly concerned the offence of attempted rape. In deciding
the sentence for attempted rape, the court in R v C(G) began by citing the
following passage from R v Billam and others [1986] 1 WLR 349 (at 352B):

The starting point for attempted rape should normally be less than for the
completed offence, especially if it is desisted at a comparatively early
stage. But, as is illustrated by one of the cases now before the Court,
attempted rape may be made by aggravating features into an offence even more
serious than some examples of the full offence.

The court then referred (at [15]) to the Guideline for the starting point and
sentencing range for the offence of rape, and proceeded to comment that (at
[16]):

In our judgment, had this offence of rape been completed, the circumstances
were such that the starting point would indeed have exceeded perhaps only
marginally the 10 year starting point for the overall offence. We refer not
only to the age of the victim but also to the serious circumstances of abuse
of trust given that the offender's daughter had come to stay with him only
following a row with her mother when she needed support rather than unlawful
sexual and predatory attention. It is true that the offender desisted. But it
cannot be said that he did so at an early stage in the offending. In our
judgment, that feature does bring the sentence down but it is inconceivable,
in our view, that it should have reduced the gravity of the offence to a
sentence of less than 8 years' imprisonment.

In this passage, the court in R v C(G) looked first at the likely sentence for
a completed rape offence before applying a discount on account that the
offence was not completed. This, again, is similar to the Prosecution’s
Proposed Approach.

36 In the light of the foregoing, I was persuaded that the approach taken by
the English courts provided clear support for the Prosecution’s Proposed
Approach.

(2) The Australian authorities

37 Two Australian jurisdictions, namely the Australian Capital Territory
(“ACT”) and New South Wales (“NSW”), stipulate that attempts are subject to
the same maximum punishment as the completed offence. Section 44(9) of the
Criminal Code 2002 (ACT) (“ACT Criminal Code”) provides that “[t]he offence of
attempting to commit an offence is punishable as if the offence attempted had
been committed”. Section 344A(1) of the Crimes Act 1900 (NSW) (“NSW Crimes
Act”) provides that “[s]ubject to this Act, any person who attempts to commit
any offence for which a penalty is provided under this Act shall be liable to
that penalty”.

38 The Prosecution cited R v BI (No 4) [2017] ACTSI 71 (“R v BI”), where the
offender was convicted after trial for six sexual offences, including an
offence of attempting to engage in sexual intercourse with a person under the
age of 16 who was, to the offender’s knowledge, his lineal descendant. After
reviewing authorities from across various Australian jurisdictions, the court
in R v BI extracted the following ten principles concerning the sentencing of
an attempt to commit an offence (at [40]):

1\. The “conventional view” is that an attempt to commit an offence will
likely attract a lesser sentence than would the offence had it been completed:
FV v R [2006] NSWCCA 237 at [60]; Taouk (1992) 65 A Crim R 387 at 390; Noble
(1994) 73 A Crim R 379 at 381; R v Schofield (2003) 138 A Crim R 19 at 33;
[61]; McKeagg v R at 55; [21], 60; [55]; Mokbel v R [2011] VSCA 34; 211 A Crim
R 37 at 47; [43]; Tai v Western Australia [2016] WASCA 234.

2\. That may particularly apply where the attempt is inept, the attempt could
not physically succeed, or is doomed to fail: Taouk at 390; R v Schofield at
57; [139]; Couloumbis v R [2012] NSWCCA 264 at [37]–[39]; R v Haidar [2004]
NSWCCA 350 at [36]; Potts v R [2017] NSWCCA 10 at [15]. Some authorities,
however, suggest that this may make no difference: R v Spaull [1999] VSCA 18
at [11].

3\. The “conventional view” will not invariably apply and, especially in the
case of drug offences, it is often regarded that the attempt is as serious as
the completed offence: R v Haidar at [31]–[35] and the case there cited; Tai v
Western Australia at [31].

4\. Nevertheless, the attempt to commit a serious offence remains a serious
offence: Taouk at 390–1.

5\. There is no clear relationship between the seriousness of the intended
consequences that would follow from the substantive offence if completed and
the real prospects of achieving them though the relationship must be
considered: Taouk at 391; R v McQueeney at [25].

6\. Thus, where the attempt is a grave one, carried out with sophistication
where it is likely to succeed in effecting the substantive offence, the
attempt may be punished as severely as a completed offence: Taouk at 391; R v
Schofield at 57; [139].

7\. It is relevant that, if the attempt is not completed, the harm caused by
the substantive offence, a very relevant factor on sentence, will not have
been caused: Irusta [2000] NSWCCA 391; 117 A Crim R 6 at 16; [47]; R v Falls
[2004] NSWCCA 335 at [19]; Potts v R at [15].

8\. Other factors relevant to reducing the seriousness of the attempt to
commit an offence may include where the conduct which constitutes the attempt
only shows a change of the offender’s mind: R v Falls at [19].

9\. It is, however, not mitigating where the charge of attempting to commit
the offence rather than committing it is because the substantive offence has
not been completed through “good fortune”: “C” v Western Australia at [22]; or
through the intervention of law enforcement agencies: R v Mihalo [2002] VSCA
217; 136 A Crim R 588 at 596; [40]; R v Mokbel at 47; [43]; Reid v Western
Australia [2012] WASCA 23; 210 A Crim R 587 at 594; [45].

10\. In the end, as most of the authorities point out, the seriousness will,
as in the case of most offences, depend on all the circumstances of the case.
See also Dooling v Western Australia [2012] WASCA 95 at [8]; Lovett v Western
Australia [2013] WASCA 78 at [15].

39 Among the authorities cited in the foregoing passage, the NSW case of Taouk
v R [1992] 65 A Crim R 387 (“Taouk”) stood out as one which was cited the most
number of times. In fact, Taouk had been cited in many other NSW cases,
including R v McQueeney [2005] NSWCCA 168 and R v Schofield [2003] NSWCCA 3
which were also cited in the foregoing passage. The relevant passage from
Taouk reads (at 390–391):

… where the charge is of an attempt to commit a substantive offence, it will
be relevant for the judge to consider, first, that the charge is of attempt
only and, by hypothesis, the substantive offence was not completed; and it
will be relevant to consider the chances that the attempt, if not interrupted,
would have succeeded. If on the facts it appears that the attempt was unlikely
to succeed or indeed, that although physically possible there was in reality
no prospect that it would succeed, this is a matter which might be seen to
reduce the objective seriousness of the crime. However, it must also always be
necessary for the sentencing judge to consider the seriousness of that which
was attempted. In every case where a person is to be sentenced for an attempt
to commit a substantive offence, such factors will need to be weighed if the
evidence raises the question for consideration. It may be postulated that
where the offence attempted is grave, a sophisticated attempt which came close
to success is likely to attract a heavier sentence than a naive and ill-
prepared attempt predestined to fail. On the other hand, a determined and all
but effective attempt to commit a minor crime would attract perhaps a more
severe sentence than a naïve and inefficient attempt to do the same thing,
although the relative triviality of the offence would tend to narrow the
margin between the two outcomes. It cannot be necessarily postulated, however,
that a naïve and ill-prepared, even incompetent, attempt to commit a serious
offence must necessarily attract a lesser sentence than would be incurred by a
serious and all but effective attempt to commit an offence of less gravity.
There is clearly an interrelationship between the seriousness of the intended
consequences and the real prospects of having achieved them, and that
relationship has to be weighed in each case in the light of all of the
circumstances.

[emphasis added]

40 The Australian cases did not explicitly apply the two-stage approach
adopted in the English cases. However, from the reference in R v BI to the
principle that “an attempt to commit an offence will likely attract a lesser
sentence than would the offence had it been completed” and the references in
Taouk to “the seriousness of that which was attempted” and “the seriousness of
the intended consequences”, it would appear that when sentencing an attempt to
commit an offence, the Australian courts would also implicitly have regard to
the likely sentence which would have been imposed on a completed offence and
the potential harm which would have been caused by that completed offence. To
this limited extent, the Australian authorities lent some support to the
Prosecution’s Proposed Approach.

Conclusion on the appropriate sentencing approach for attempted rape offences

41 A few observations may be made from the foregoing survey. First, the fact
that the Australian cases did not explicitly apply a two-stage approach
similar to that adopted in the English cases demonstrates that the two-stage
approach is not necessarily the only viable or logical approach. Nevertheless,
it would appear from the discussion at [37] above that, even in Australia,
implicit regard would still be given to the likely sentence that a completed
offence would attract and the potential harm which would have been caused by
the completed offence.

42 Second, the two-stage approach adopted in England and Wales appeared to
have been borne out of considerations arising from the Guideline and s 63 of
the UK Sentencing Act. This raised the question of whether, in the absence of
similar guidelines and statutory requirements in Singapore, it would still be
open for the Singapore courts to follow the English approach. A similar issued
was considered in AQW v Public Prosecutor [2015] 4 SLR 150 (“AQW”), where
Sundaresh Menon CJ made the following comments (at [13]):

… I have also considered the sentencing approach that is followed in the
United Kingdom (“UK”) for sexual offences against minors. The Prosecution
briefly alluded to this in its submissions but I note that the relevant
offences defined by the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (c 42) (UK) (“the UK Act”) do
not correspond exactly with the prescribed offences under our law. In the
circumstances, I have not sought to transplant the UK Sentencing Council’s
guidelines in their entirety into our sentencing framework although I consider
that there is utility in considering the UK Act and guidelines.

I was therefore of the view that the absence of similar guidelines and
statutory requirements in Singapore did not prevent the Singapore courts, in
the exercise of their sentencing discretion, from adopting an approach similar
to that applied in the UK, if such an approach was assessed by the Singapore
courts to be just and proper. In fact, it could be argued that, in the light
of the acceptance of the sentencing approach in R v Szmyt and R v Wolin by the
Court of Appeal in Mas Swan, the two-stage approach was already part of our
law.

43 Compared to the Prosecution’s Proposed Approach, I found neither the
Defence’s First Approach nor the Defence’s Second Approach attractive. The
Defence’s First Approach was a non-starter as, by sticking to the Ridhaudin
(sentencing) framework, it ran contrary to the reason given by the PCRC for
removing the statutory one-half limit, which was that “there is no reason in
principle why someone who attempts an offence is only half as blameworthy as
someone who has completed the offence” (see [13] above). The Defence’s Second
Approach did not fare much better. The Defence suggested that a transposition
of the Terence Ng framework to apply to attempted rape should bring the
sentencing ranges for each sentencing band lower than those under the Pram
Nair framework (for a completed sexual assault by penetration offence), on the
basis that a completed offence of sexual assault by penetration would be more
serious than attempted rape because “no physical public harm was really done”.
The Defence did not explain how far lower than the Pram Nair framework the
proposed framework under the Defence’s Second Approach would go. Currently,
the sentencing ranges for Band 1 and Band 2 of the Pram Nair framework would
be two to three years lower than the corresponding sentencing ranges for the
Terence Ng framework. Assuming, for the sake of argument, that the Defence’s
Second Approach involved a further two-year reduction from the Pram Nair
framework, this would produce a Band 1 sentencing range which was about 40% to
50% lower than that in the Terence Ng framework and a Band 2 sentencing range
which was about 25% to 40% lower than that in the Terence Ng framework. In
that event, we would end up simply replacing an arbitrary one-half limit with
an arbitrary two-third limit or arbitrary three-quarter limit.

44 In contrast, the Prosecution’s Proposed Approach, by asking the court to
consider, at the second stage, how close the offender came to completing the
offence and the reason(s) the offence was not completed, better allowed the
court to calibrate the sentence to, in the words of the PCRC Report, “more
accurately capture the culpability of the offender notwithstanding that the
prohibited outcome did not materialise” (at 202). The Prosecution’s Proposed
Approach also had the virtue of simplicity in that the court is asked to apply
an existing sentencing framework developed for the completed offence and then
consider the amount of discount on account that the offence was not completed.
This obviates the need for the court to develop an additional framework for
sentencing of attempts for each and every offence for which an existing
sentencing framework already exists (as would have been the case if the
Defence’s Second Approach was accepted), and avoids the unnecessary
proliferation of sentencing frameworks.

45 For the foregoing reasons, I held that the Prosecution’s Proposed Approach
should be adopted for the sentencing of attempted rape offences committed on
or after 1 January 2020. To recapitulate, this approach consists of two
stages: (a) the court should first apply the Terence Ng framework towards
determining the sentence for a notional completed offence; and (b) then apply
a discount at the second stage, in recognition of the fact that the offence
had not been completed.

46 I make two observations on the application of this approach. At the first
stage, the factors which the court takes into account in determining the
sentence for a notional completed offence must be based on the facts and
evidence before the court, and not based on mere conjecture. At the second
stage, it may be relevant to consider, inter alia, whether the offender
voluntarily desisted at an early stage or whether he was only prevented at a
late stage from carrying out an offence which would likely have otherwise been
completed. It would be useful to keep in mind the following observation of
Fulford LJ in Reed (at [24]–[26]):

24\. … Where an offender is only prevented from carrying out the offence at a
late stage, or when the child victim did not exist and otherwise the offender
would have carried out the offence, a small reduction within the category
range will usually be appropriate. Where relevant, no additional reduction
should be made for the fact that the offending is an attempt.

25\. But when an offender voluntarily desisted at an early stage, and
particularly if the offending has been short-lived, a larger reduction is
likely to be appropriate, potentially going outside the category range.

26\. As indicated in Privett at [72], it may eventuate that a more severe
sentence is imposed in a case where very serious sexual activity was intended
but did not take place than in a case where relatively less serious sexual
activity did take place.

Application to the facts

Parties’ submissions

47 At the first stage, the Prosecution submitted that the accused’s attempted
statutory rape offence fell within the middle to lower end of Band 2 of the
Terence Ng framework, assuming the statutory rape had been completed (ie,
assuming the accused penetrated V1’s vagina with his penis while not wearing a
condom). The Prosecution submitted that the indicative starting sentence was
13 to 15 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. After taking into
account the offender-specific factors, the appropriate sentence was 11.5 to
13.5 years’ imprisonment and ten strokes of the cane for a notional completed
offence. At the second stage, the Prosecution proposed applying a discount of
around three years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane on account of
the lesser harm occasioned and the accused’s “medium” culpability, such that
the sentence for the Sixth Charge would be 8.5 years to 10.5 years’
imprisonment and six strokes of the cane.

48 I also invited the Defence to make submissions on the appropriate sentence
assuming the Prosecution’s Proposed Approach was to be adopted. The Defence
broadly agreed that, at the first stage, the notional completed offence would
fall within the lower end of Band 2 of the Terence Ng framework, with an
indicative starting sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment. The Defence submitted
that this should be adjusted downwards to 11 years’ imprisonment in light of
the offender-specific factors. At the second stage, the Defence submitted that
a discount of 4.5 years’ imprisonment (with no position taken on the number of
strokes of the cane) was appropriate, on the basis that there was no actual
penile-vaginal penetration and to account for the lesser harm occasioned. The
Defence thus contended that an imprisonment term of 6.5 years’ imprisonment
was appropriate.

My decision on the sentence for the Sixth Charge

49 I first determined what the appropriate sentence would have been if the
statutory rape offence had been completed. The offence in the Sixth Charge
fell around the middle to lower end of Band 2 of the Terence Ng framework
given the presence of two offence-specific aggravating factors. One factor was
a high level of premeditation and predatory behaviour (Terence Ng at [44(c)]).
The accused exploited the prevalence and reach of social media to facilitate
the commission of the offence. The first time he reached out to V1 was on 20
August 2020, when he messaged her on Instagram to introduce himself and ask
her whether she needed cash. He informed V1 that he would pay her S$200 if she
came to his residence and allowed him to touch her body. When she agreed, he
arranged for them to meet up the next day at his residence and booked a Grab
ride to pick V1 up from outside a mall and send her to his residence. It was
also significant that he had prepared an iPad to record his sexual acts
against V1 and positioned V1 and himself in front of the iPad during the
sexual encounter.

50 The second offence-specific aggravating factor was that V1 was a vulnerable
victim. At the material time of the Sixth Charge, V1 was 13 years old and had
just run away from a welfare home. There was a wide age gap between the
accused and V1 of about 31 years, and the accused exploited her youthful
naivety and need for money to satisfy his own sexual appetite. In my view, an
indicative starting point of 14 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane
was appropriate.

51 At the second step of the Terence Ng framework, the most significant
offender-specific aggravating factor was the fact that the accused was a
serial offender, preying on at least four young victims to satisfy his sexual
appetite. In particular, there was a further TIC charge for attempted
statutory rape on 23 February 2021 of the same victim, V1 (ie, the Eighth
Charge). The most significant personal mitigating factors were the accused’s
early plea of guilt and cooperation with the authorities. I accepted that the
accused had demonstrated remorse and took into account his early plea of
guilt. I therefore adjusted the sentence at the end of the first stage to 12
years’ imprisonment and ten strokes of the cane.

52 As set out above at [45], the precise discount to be afforded on the basis
that the offence was inchoate was a matter for judicial discretion.
Undoubtedly, it should capture the fact that less harm was caused to the
victim by an attempted statutory rape offence, as opposed to a completed one.
I accepted the Prosecution’s submission that there was a reduced risk of V1
contracting a sexually transmitted disease or getting pregnant, and to some
extent, less violation of V1’s body in the sense that the accused did not
successfully insert his penis into her vagina. The discount must also
accurately capture the culpability of the offender, notwithstanding that the
prohibited outcome did not materialise. This was the impetus for the removal
of the statutory one-half limit (see [13] above). In this case, it was
significant that the accused had removed his pants, attempted to push his
penis into V1’s vagina and tried doing so for a while. He was not wearing a
condom. He failed not because V1 resisted or struggled, but only because he
could not achieve an erection. The lesser harm caused by the attempt (as
compared to if the offence was completed) thus had to be balanced against the
accused’s culpability. Taking these factors into account, I agreed with the
Prosecution’s submission for a discount of three years and four strokes of the
cane.

53 Taking all the foregoing factors into account, I imposed the sentence of
nine years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the Sixth Charge.

Second Charge

54 The Second Charge concerned sexual penetration of V1’s vagina with a
vibrator at the accused’s residence on 23 February 2021. V1 was still 13 years
old at that time.

55 In respect of the Second Charge, the Prosecution sought a sentence of ten
to 12 years’ imprisonment and seven strokes of the cane, whereas the Defence
submitted that a sentence of ten years’ imprisonment was appropriate.

56 The Pram Nair framework was applicable to offences sentenced under s
376A(3) PC which did not relate to penile-vaginal penetration (ABC v Public
Prosecutor [2022] SGHC 244 (“ABC”) at [43] and [46]). Both parties agreed that
the accused’s offence of penetrating V1’s vagina with a vibrator fell within
Band 2 of the Pram Nair framework, but differed as to the precise indicative
starting point for the sentence. The Prosecution placed the offence in the
Second Charge as falling within the middle to lower end of Band 2, with an
indicative starting point of 11 to 13 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of
the cane. On the other hand, the Defence submitted that it fell at the lower
end of Band 2, with an indicative starting point of ten years’ imprisonment.

57 I accepted that the offence in the Second Charge fell within the middle to
lower end of Band 2 of the Pram Nair framework given the presence of two
offence-specific aggravating factors, which were those that I have already
referred to in relation to the Sixth Charge (see [45] and [46] above). There
was a high level of premeditation and a vulnerable victim. It was significant
that, as early as 6 December 2020 (ie, some three months after the events of
the Sixth Charge), the accused deliberately and persistently messaged V1 on
Instagram to ask her whether she needed a “job” and to convince her to go to
his residence again. He continued messaging V1 even when she did not reply to
several of his messages. Again, he prepared an iPad to record his sexual
encounter with V1 on 23 February 2021. In my view, an indicative starting
point of 11 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane was appropriate
at this stage.

58 At the second step of the Pram Nair framework, the most significant
offender-specific aggravating factor was the fact that there were TIC charges
of a similar nature against the same victim (ie, the First Charge, Fifth
Charge and Seventh Charge). The personal mitigating factors, as above, were
the accused’s early plea of guilt and cooperation with the authorities. I
therefore calibrated the sentence for the Second Charge slightly downwards to
ten years’ imprisonment and seven strokes of the cane (subject to further
adjustment on account of the period spent by the accused in remand, as
explained at [69] below).

Third Charge

59 Turning to the Third Charge, this was committed on 28 September 2020
against V2, who was 15 years old at the material time.

60 The Prosecution sought an imprisonment term of three to four years,
applying an uplift to the sentencing starting point of three years’
imprisonment set out in Public Prosecutor v BAB [2017] 1 SLR 292 (“BAB”) to
reflect the multiple aggravating factors in this case. On the other hand, the
Defence contended that not more than 12 months’ imprisonment should be
imposed. In the alternative, the Defence submitted that an uplift of not more
than two to four months’ imprisonment from the benchmark sentence of between
ten to 12 months’ imprisonment in AQW was appropriate.

61 I declined to apply the starting point of three years’ imprisonment set out
in BAB as proposed by the Prosecution. The relevant passage from the Court of
Appeal’s decision in that case reads (at [65]):

65 With this background, we consider that the appropriate starting points,
having regard to the gravity of the offence, the applicable sentencing range
and the factor of abuse of trust but not yet considering the elements of
proportionality and the mitigating factors that we have just outlined, to be
as follows:

(a) For offences punishable under s 376A(2), where there is an element of
abuse of trust, we consider that the starting point will be a term of
imprisonment of three years and this would apply for each of the offences
under this section in this case.

(b) For the offences punishable under s 376A(3), again where there is an
element of abuse of trust, we consider that the starting point will be a term
of imprisonment of between ten and 12 years. On the facts of this case, we
think a term of 11 years would in principle be appropriate as a starting
point. It must also be remembered that s 376A(3), unlike s 376A(2), provides
for caning as well. That is irrelevant here because female offenders cannot be
caned under the law. However, the court may impose an additional term of
imprisonment of not more than 12 months in lieu of caning under s 325(2) of
the CPC.

…

[emphasis added]

62 It was thus clear that the sentencing starting point of three years’
imprisonment in that case had been expressly qualified by reference to its
circumstances, ie, where there was an element of abuse of trust. The
Prosecution conceded that there was no such element in the present case.

63 I thus decided to start with the benchmark sentence of between ten to 12
months’ imprisonment in AQW and applied an uplift to reflect the multiple
aggravating factors in this case. The Prosecution submitted that these factors
were as follows: (a) premeditation in the form of predatory behaviour, (b) a
degree of pressure exerted on V2 to accept his “offer” for cash, (c) the fact
that the accused was a serial offender who targeted multiple minors on social
media, and (d) that he had filmed the sexual encounter with V2 with an iPad.
While the Defence accepted that there was premeditation involved, it submitted
that the accused did not really coerce or exert pressure on V2 to participate
in the sexual act after she had arrived at his residence. I would consider
that some pressure was exerted by the accused to persuade V2 to accept his
“offer” for cash, as he persisted and continued sending messages to her on
social media even though V2 initially did not respond to his offer for some
time. However, this factor should not be given too much weight as the
Statement of Facts did not reveal that the accused exerted pressure on V2 at
his residence.

64 I found helpful the case of Public Prosecutor v Chock Choon Seng DAC
904172/2014 and others (“Chock Choon Seng”) which was referred to in AQW (at
[33]) as an instance where a “significantly higher sentence” of 24 months’
imprisonment was warranted for a charge involving fellatio under s 376A PC.
The offender was a 37-year-old man who got to know the 14-year-old minor
through a mobile phone application designed for homosexual people to meet one
another. One day, they met in the offender’s home, whereupon the sexual act
took place. There was an element of coercion and pressure involved in that the
offender had overridden the minor’s expressed reluctance to engage in sexual
activity and had used a measure of force in getting the minor to perform
fellatio on him. While his penis was inside the minor’s mouth, the offender
“held the [minor’s] head and moved the [minor’s] head in an upward and
downward motion”.

65 Overall, although the actual aggravating factors were different in this
case, in the light of the high level of premeditation and predatory behaviour
on the part of the accused, I considered this case to be of similar
seriousness as the case of Chock Choon Seng. I also considered the accused’s
personal mitigating factors, which I have already mentioned in relation to the
other charges. I thus imposed a sentence of two years’ imprisonment for the
Third Charge.

66 Before I proceed to consider the Tenth Charge, I should observe that it may
be open to question whether sentencing precedents such as BAB and AQW (both of
which predated Pram Nair) should continue to apply to offences sentenced under
s 376A(2) PC, in the light of subsequent developments in Pram Nair and ABC. In
Pram Nair (a case concerning an offence punishable under s 376(3) PC), the
Court of Appeal observed (at [161]–[162]) that the new sentencing bands could
be relevant to s 376A PC because of the commonality and overlap between s 376
and s 376A PC. It was also observed (at [164]) that the starting point in
general for cases sentenced under s 376A(3) PC might have to be reviewed in
light of the new framework developed in Pram Nair for offences punishable
under s 376(3) PC. The occasion for this review came in ABC, where Sundaresh
Menon CJ held that the Pram Nair framework should apply, not only to offences
that are sentenced under s 376(3) but also to all offences sentenced under s
376A(3) PC which do not involve penile-vaginal penetration (at [43] and [46]).
These developments suggested that the continued applicability of existing
sentencing precedents for offences punishable under s 376A(2) PC may also
require review. After all, apart from the age of the victim, the elements of
an offence punishable under s 376A(2) PC and an offence punishable under s
376A(3) PC are exactly the same. There was no opportunity to undertake such a
review in the present case as I did not have the benefit of parties’
submissions on this issue. This was thus a matter that would have to be
addressed on another occasion.

Tenth Charge

67 The Tenth Charge of sexual grooming under s 376E(4)(b) PC was committed
against V3, aged 14 years at the material time. The Prosecution submitted that
a sentence of nine months’ imprisonment was appropriate whereas the Defence
submitted that a sentence of not more than 12 months’ imprisonment would be
appropriate.

68 I considered the case of Public Prosecutor v Lee Seow Peng [2016] SGHC 107
(“Lee Seow Peng”), where a sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment was imposed for
the offence of sexual grooming under s 376E(1) punishable under s 376E(4)(b)
of the PC, a helpful starting point. The sexual act that the accused intended
to commit in respect of V3 (which if done would have amounted to sexual
penetration under s 376A PC) was less serious than the statutory rape that was
intended by the offender in Lee Seow Peng. However, there was also heightened
premeditation as the accused repeatedly pressured V3 into accepting his “job”
for “indecent touching”, despite V3 saying no on multiple occasions. I also
considered the accused’s personal mitigating factors, which I have already
mentioned in relation to the other charges. Taking all these factors into
account, I imposed a sentence of nine months’ imprisonment for the Tenth
Charge.

Global sentence

69 As there were four charges involving three victims, I would run the
sentences for one charge each in relation to each victim consecutively –
namely, the sentences for the Second, Third and Tenth Charges would run
consecutively whereas the sentence for the Sixth Charge would run concurrently
with the sentence for the Second Charge.

70 Although the accused was out on bail at the time of the sentencing
hearings, he had spent 87 days in remand before being granted bail. I decided
to give credit to the time spent in remand by reducing the sentence for the
Second Charge by three months, to nine years and nine months. There was no
need to make any further adjustments on account of the totality principle as
the aggregate sentence was neither disproportionate nor crushing.

71 I therefore sentenced the accused to:

(a) nine years and nine months’ imprisonment and seven strokes of the cane for
the Second Charge;

(b) two years’ imprisonment for the Third Charge;

(c) nine years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the Sixth Charge;
and

(d) nine months’ imprisonment for the Tenth Charge.

72 The sentences for the Second, Third and Tenth Charges were to run
consecutively while the sentence for the Sixth Charge was to run concurrently
with the sentence for the Second Charge. The global sentence was therefore 12
years and six months’ imprisonment and 13 strokes of the cane.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Edwin Soh Chin Yuen and Theong Li Han (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

Kang Kok Boon Favian (Adelphi Law Chambers LLC) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Oct 2023 (18:12 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

