Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 124

Suit No 707 of 2018

Between

(1)| Low Sing Khiang  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| LogicMills Learning Centre Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)(3)| Seet Chuen Yee EuniceMark Robert Nowacki  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract — Misrepresentation — Action for rescission]

[Contract — Misrepresentation — Innocent]

[Contract — Misrepresentation Act]

[Tort — Misrepresentation — Negligent misrepresentation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Low Sing Khiang

  
v

  

LogicMills Learning Centre Pte Ltd and others

[2023] SGHC 124

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 707 of 2018  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
16–19, 23–26, 29 August, 15, 17–18, 22 November, 6 February 2023

5 May 2023 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 In this suit, the plaintiff claims that the second and third defendants had
made to him misrepresentations pertaining to the curriculum offered by the
first defendant company, inducing him to enter into a joint venture with it.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

2 The plaintiff, Low Sing Khiang (“Mr Low”), is a Singaporean businessman. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) (“SOC”) at para 1; Defence (Amendment No.
4) (“Defence”) at para 3.

3 The first defendant, LogicMills Learning Centre Pte Ltd (“LogicMills”), is a
Singapore-incorporated company which provides educational support services and
enrichment courses. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 2; Defence at para 3.

The second defendant, Seet Chuen Yee Eunice (“Ms Seet”), and the third
defendant, Mark Robert Nowacki (“Mr Nowacki”), are a married couple. They are
both directors and shareholders of LogicMills. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at paras 3–4; Defence at para 3.

Discussions between Mr Low, Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki

4 It is undisputed that on or around 8 May 2014, Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki gave a
presentation to Mr Low about enrichment programmes offered by LogicMills (the
“8 May 2014 Meeting”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 6; Defence at para 5.

However, the parties disagree on what had been represented to Mr Low at this
meeting.

5 Mr Low alleges that Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki represented to him that the
enrichment programmes and curriculum offered by LogicMills were endorsed,
validated and certified by the Ministry of Education, Singapore (“MOE”) and
that Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki had the necessary documentation from MOE in
connection with this endorsement, validation and certification (the “Alleged
Representations”). Mr Low also received LogicMills’ marketing brochure (the
“LogicMills Brochure”) stating that programmes offered by LogicMills were
“MOE-certified” and “Validated & Endorsed”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at paras 7–8.

6 However, the defendants aver that at the 8 May 2014 meeting, Ms Seet and Mr
Nowacki had only informed Mr Low of LogicMills’ track record and organisation
structure and that LogicMills had been part of a MOE-funded research project
which culminated in a report on “Explicit Teaching of Analytical Thinking
Skills (ATS) through games-based facilitation for all courses (in Primary and
Secondary schools) for higher academic achievement” (the “ATS Report” 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PB”) at pp 315–347.

). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defence at para 5(e).

While the defendants admit that Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki had provided Mr Low
with presentation slides and marketing brochures of LogicMills, they aver that
these materials did not state that there was an endorsement by MOE. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defence at para 7.

LogicMills Academy Joint Venture

Agreement between Mr Low and LogicMills

7 It is not disputed that a shareholders agreement (the “SHA”) dated 1
September 2014 was executed between Mr Low and LogicMills, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PB at pp 168–170.

under which they agreed that:

(a) Mr Low and LogicMills would incorporate a joint venture company,
LogicMills Academy (“LA”) of 100,000 ordinary shares of S$1 each.

(b) LogicMills would transfer and assign all business activity in its private
enrichment centre in Singapore to LA.

(c) Mr Low would contribute cash of S$70,000 for 70,000 ordinary shares in LA
and a loan of S$30,000 for additional working capital.

(d) LogicMills would contribute cash of S$30,000 for 30,000 ordinary shares.

(e) LogicMills would be entitled to one seat on the LA board of directors, and
Mr Low or a person assigned by him would be a board member, and the board
chairman. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at para 14; Defence at para 12.

Mr Low and Ms Seet were elected directors 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 16; Defence at para 14.

with Mr Low as chairman.

8 It is also undisputed that Mr Low contributed $70,000 in return for 70,000
ordinary shares in LA. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defence at para 13; SOC at para 15.

Alleged oral agreements between Mr Low and LogicMills

9 The parties disagree on the existence of two oral agreements (the “Oral
Agreements”), which Mr Low says he had entered into with LogicMills.

10 First, Mr Low claims that he agreed to contribute an advance of $30,000 on
LogicMills’ behalf to the paid-up capital of LA so that LogicMills could
obtain 30,000 ordinary shares in LA in accordance with the SHA (“the First
Oral Agreement”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at para 15.

The defendants deny this and aver that they had verbally agreed that
LogicMills would contribute assets for its 30% shareholding in LA in lieu of
cash of $30,000. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence at para 13.

11 Second, sometime in or about December 2014, Mr Low claims that he agreed to
temporarily fund LA on behalf of himself and LogicMills (“the Second Oral
Agreement”) in the form of directors’ loans. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 19 and 19(a).

30% of the loans would be contributed as advances on LogicMills’ behalf and
70% would be Mr Low’s own share. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at para 19(a).

These advances would be reimbursed to Mr Low once LA became profitable. Mr Low
began by loaning $80,000 to LA on behalf of both shareholders and subsequently
extended more director’s loans to LA. His contributions pursuant to the Second
Oral Agreement eventually came to a total of $577,625. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at paras 19(b), 19(c) and 21–22.

The defendants deny any agreement to advance monies on LogicMills’ behalf and
admit only that Mr Low had loaned $80,000 to LA. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defence at paras 16, 20–20A.

Events during LA’s operations

12 Mr Low avers that during LA’s operations, Ms Seet continued to represent
that programmes and curriculum transferred from LogicMills to LA were
certified, validated and endorsed by MOE. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at paras 23–35; Reply at para 5(d).

Mr Low also avers that whenever he asked for proof of this, Ms Seet either
ignored him or said there was an email from MOE authorising the use of such
descriptions in the marketing materials. Mr Low never received this email. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC at paras 25–26.

13 The defendants, however, aver that it was Mr Low who had instructed the
staff of LA to market LA’s programmes and curriculum as “MOE-certified” and
“Validated & Endorsed”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence at para 22.

They also aver that whenever Mr Low asked for proof of endorsement by MOE, Ms
Seet and/or Mr Nowacki had responded that the term “endorse” should not be
used 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence at para 23.

and Ms Seet had explained what it meant to be MOE-registered and validated. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence at para 23B.

14 Towards the end of their partnership, Mr Low emailed Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki
on 22 June 2016 to request a directors’ meeting or an extraordinary general
meeting to discuss (amongst other things) the next steps regarding the removal
of references to MOE endorsement, validation and/or certification of LA’s
programmes from LA’s materials. A directors’ meeting was held on 20 July 2016.
At the meeting, Ms Seet resigned by way of letter as director of LA with
immediate effect and provided one month’s notice of LogicMills’ intention to
terminate the SHA. Mr Low’s solicitors then issued a letter dated 14 September
2016 (the “14 September 2016 Letter”) 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Low Sing Khiang’s affidavit of evidence in chief (“AEIC”) at Tab 46 p 547–553
(Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEICs (“BA”) at pp 550–555).

to LogicMills seeking reimbursement of sums loaned or advance by Mr Low on
behalf of LogicMills, as well as giving LogicMills seven days to furnish a
letter of proof of MOE certification, endorsement or validation of the
curriculum of LogicMills and subsequently, LA. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC at paras 28–30; Defence at 24A, 24C and 24D; Reply at para 16C.

15 Mr Low claims that the parents of students enrolled in LA pulled their
children out of LA’s programmes, and he had to suspend LA’s operations in or
around December 2016. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SOC at para 32; Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at para 159.

The defendants aver that there is no written evidence of any child being
pulled out of LA for any reason related to its offerings not being MOE-
validated. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defence at para 25.

16 It is undisputed that on 20 July 2016, Ms Seet resigned as director of LA
and provided notice of LogicMills’ intention to terminate the SHA. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC at para 29; Defence at para 24C.

Mr Low suspended LA’s operations in or around December 2016. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOC at para 32.

Parties’ pleaded cases

17 Mr Low’s position is that as the defendants did not respond to his 14
September 2016 Letter on the issue of MOE certification, endorsement and/or
validation, the SHA was rescinded. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOC at paras 31 and 36.

He avers that the Alleged Representations were false 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOC at paras 34 and 35.

and that the defendants had made the misrepresentations negligently or
innocently, and that he is hence entitled to relief under s 2
Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) (“MA”). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC at para 37.

18 As a result of the misrepresentations, Mr Low suffered loss and damage of
$677,625 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOC at para 39.

, namely:

(a) $100,000 comprising:

(i) the cash payment for his 70,000 shares;

(ii) the advance of $30,000 as an advance on LogicMills’ behalf pursuant to
the First Oral Agreement; 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC at para 15.

and

(b) $577,625 in director’s loans pursuant to the Second Oral Agreement. This
sum includes an $80,000 loan made to facilitate LA’s shifting of its premises,
and the remaining amount was contributed on Mr Nowacki’s requests so that
business operations could continue. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC at paras 19–22.

19 Alternatively, Mr Low claims reimbursement of a debt of $203,287.50 from
LogicMills. This sum comprises the advance of $30,000 made on LogicMills’
behalf as paid-up capital of LA (pursuant to the First Oral Agreement) and the
advances amounting to $173,287.50 paid on LogicMills’ behalf as loans to LA
(pursuant to the Second Oral Agreement). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC at para 40.

20 Further and in the alternative, Mr Low claims the same sum in damages on
the ground that the defendants had breached and repudiated these Oral
Agreements by not reimbursing the sum to him. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

SOC at para 41.

21 Alternatively, Mr Low claims that LogicMills had been unjustly enriched at
Mr Low’s expense in its receipt of 30,000 ordinary shares in LA without making
payment for them. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

SOC at para 42.

22 Mr Low hence seeks the following reliefs: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

SOC at p 14.

(a) a declaration that the SHA had been validly rescinded;

(b) alternatively, rescission of the SHA;

(c) further or in lieu of rescission, damages in the sum of $677,625 pursuant
to s 2 MA;

(d) alternatively, the sum of $203,287.50;

(e) further in the alternative, damages for LogicMills’ breach of contracts in
the sum of $203,287.50;

(f) alternatively, the sum of $30,000;

(g) interest; and

(h) costs.

23 The defendants deny that the Alleged Representations had been made. Mr Low
had only been told that LogicMills was part of a MOE-funded research project,
and Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki had repeatedly informed Mr Low that LA was not to
be marketed as “endorsed” by MOE. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defence at paras 6–7, 22, 28.

Rather, it was Mr Low who had instructed the staff of LA to market LA’s
programmes and curriculum as “MOE-certified” and “Validated & Endorsed”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence at para 22.

24 The defendants aver that Mr Low had colluded with his wife, Ms Erin Yuen
(“Ms Yuen”), and others, to fabricate evidence of parents pulling their
children out of LA on the grounds of a lack of MOE validation, to begin using
a separate email domain without the defendants’ knowledge and consent, and to
breach key terms of the SHA pertaining to intellectual property, market
segments and confidentiality of information. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defence at para 4A.

25 The defendants aver that they did not induce Mr Low to rely on the Alleged
Representations, that Mr Low did not rely on it and that parents did not
remove their children from LA due to the Alleged Representations. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence at para 27.

They further aver that Mr Low had elected to affirm the SHA and is not
entitled to rescind it, and further and/or alternatively, had waived any
alleged right to rescind the SHA. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence at paras 27B and 27C.

26 The defendants also deny the existence of the First Oral Agreement and the
Second Oral Agreement. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defence at paras 13 and 16.

The law on misrepresentation

27 In the contractual context, the elements of actionable misrepresentation
are satisfied when a party relies on a false representation in entering the
contract with the representor (Strait Colonies Pte Ltd v SMRT Alpha Pte Ltd
[2018] 2 SLR 441 (“Strait Colonies”) at [33]). As Mr Low has not pleaded any
claim in fraudulent misrepresentation, the focus of the present case is on
innocent misrepresentation under s 2 MA, as well as the tort of negligent
misrepresentation, which have been alluded to in his statement of claim. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOC at para 37.

28 Section 2(1) MA co-exists with the tort of negligent misrepresentation at
common law. Both perform the same function, ie, to furnish a remedy in damages
where none, apart from fraud or deceit, hitherto existed (RBC Properties Pte
Ltd v Defu Furniture Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 997 (“RBC Properties”) at [66]).
However, the remedy under s 2(1) MA is more restricted in its application as
it is an action in contract and therefore only available to one contracting
party against another contracting party, whereas the tort of negligence
applies to all cases where a claimant can establish a duty of care (Trans-
World (Aluminium) Ltd v Cornelder China (Singapore) [2003] 3 SLR(R) 501 at
[124]; RBC Properties at [66]).

29 Section 2 MA provides that:

2.—(1) Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation
has been made to him by another party thereto and as a result thereof he has
suffered loss, then, if the person making the misrepresentation would be
liable to damages in respect thereof had the misrepresentation been made
fraudulently, that person shall be so liable notwithstanding that the
misrepresentation was not made fraudulently, unless he proves that he had
reasonable ground to believe and did believe up to the time the contract was
made that the facts represented were true.

(2) Where a person has entered into a contract after a misrepresentation has
been made to him otherwise than fraudulently, and he would be entitled, by
reason of the misrepresentation, to rescind the contract, then, if it is
claimed, in any proceedings arising out of the contract, that the contract
ought to be or has been rescinded, the court or arbitrator may declare the
contract subsisting and award damages in lieu of rescission, if of opinion
that it would be equitable to do so, having regard to the nature of the
misrepresentation and the loss that would be caused by it if the contract were
upheld, as well as to the loss that rescission would cause to the other party.

(3) Damages may be awarded against a person under subsection (2) whether or
not he is liable to damages under subsection (1), but where he is so liable
any award under subsection (2) shall be taken into account in assessing his
liability under subsection (1).

30 To make out a claim of negligent misrepresentation, the following elements
have to be satisfied (IM Skaugen SE and another v MAN Diesel & Turbo SE and
another [2018] SGHC 123 at [121], Ma Hongjin v Sim Eng Tong [2021] SGHC 84 at
[20], Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“Spandeck”) at [77], [81], [83] and [115] and Fong Maun
Yee v Yoong Weng Ho Robert [1997] 1 SLR (R) 751 at [52]):

(a) The defendant must have made a false representation of fact.

(b) The representation induced actual reliance.

(c) The defendant must owe a duty of care to the plaintiff to take reasonable
care in making the representation.

(d) There must be a breach of that duty of care.

(e) The breach must have caused damage to the plaintiff.

31 In cases where s 2(1) MA applies, it is generally more advantageous for the
claimant to pursue his claim in statutory misrepresentation rather than in
tort, for two reasons. First, it is generally easier for a claimant to make
out the elements of a claim in statutory misrepresentation, as opposed to the
tort of negligent misrepresentation. This is because, for statutory
misrepresentation, the burden is on the defendant/representor to prove he had
reasonable grounds to believe and did believe up to the time the contract was
made that the facts represented were true. Second, in certain circumstances,
the remedy of damages under s 2 might be more extensive than the remedy in
negligence (RBC Properties at [66]).

Preliminary issue: Claims against the defendants

Misrepresentation

32 Of the three defendants, only LogicMills is party to the SHA or the Oral
Agreements, which Mr Low claims to have entered into in reliance on the
Alleged Representations. As mentioned above, the remedy under s 2(1) MA is
only available to one contracting party against another contracting party.
However, rather confusingly, Mr Low has pleaded that the defendants made the
Alleged Representations “negligently or innocently” and that Mr Low will rely
on s 2 MA for relief. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

SOC at para 37.

It is not entirely clear whether Mr Low is seeking to rely on statutory or
negligent misrepresentation, and whether each of the two claims is brought
against all three defendants.

33 To be clear, Mr Low’s claim in statutory misrepresentation can only be
brought against LogicMills, with whom he had entered into the SHA.

34 However, he can pursue a tortious claim of negligent misrepresentation
against all three defendants – if he has pleaded it. The problem, however, is
that save for the fleeting assertion that “the [defendants] made the
misrepresentations negligently”, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

SOC at para 37

Mr Low has made absolutely no mention in his pleadings of how the defendants
have behaved negligently. There is no mention of any duty of care owed to him
by the defendants, or any breach of this same duty of care (see above at
[30]). The state of Mr Low’s pleadings is woefully insufficient to disclose
the material facts that would support a claim in negligent misrepresentation,
and the defendants would not have had fair notice (or, in fact, any notice at
all) of such a case against them (see V Nithia (co-administratrix of the
estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and
another [2015] 5 SLR 1422 (“V Nithia”) at [38]–[46]). In light of the general
rule that parties are bound by their pleadings and given that I see no reason
in this case why this general rule ought to be departed from, I find that Mr
Low’s pleadings do not support a claim in negligent misrepresentation against
any of the defendants. Mr Low’s claim in misrepresentation can hence only be
determined as a claim in innocent misrepresentation under s 2 MA.

Breach of contract and unjust enrichment

35 In the alternative, Mr Low has brought claims against the defendants in
debts allegedly incurred pursuant to the Oral Agreements, as well as in unjust
enrichment. I am of the view that these claims can be brought only against
LogicMills as the SHA and alleged Oral Agreements were entered into between
LogicMills and Mr Low. Further, the claim in unjust enrichment was pleaded
specifically against LogicMills only. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

SOC at para 42.

Alter ego

36 This effectively means that Mr Low’s claims in misrepresentation, breach of
contract and unjust enrichment can be brought only against LogicMills and not
the other defendants. I note that Mr Low has pleaded that Ms Seet and Mr
Nowacki are “collectively the directing mind and will” of LogicMills. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s Reply (Amendment No. 5) at para 3.

In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Mr Low takes the position that
“[Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki] are in complete control and are the alter egos of
“LogicMills”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at para 223.

It is on the basis that Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki are the directing mind and will
of LogicMills that Mr Low submits that they should be personally liable for
LogicMills’ liabilities. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 177; Plaintiff’s Reply
Submissions (“PRS”) at paras 167–170.

37 If Mr Low is trying to argue that LogicMills’ corporate veil should be
lifted as Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki are LogicMills’ alter egos, then he is going
beyond his pleaded case. The key question to be asked whenever an argument of
alter ego is raised is whether the company is carrying on the business of its
controller: Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and another and another appeal
[2013] 4 SLR 308 at [96]; NEC Asia Pte Ltd (now known as NEC Pacific Pte Ltd)
v Picket & Rail Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and others [2011] 2 SLR 565 at [31]. In
Mohamed Shiyam v Tuff Offshore Engineering Services Pte Ltd [2021] 5 SLR 188,
the plaintiff applied to amend his statement of claim to join shareholders and
directors of the defendant company on the basis (inter alia) that the
defendant company’s corporate veil should be lifted and the proposed new
defendants made liable for sums under contracts between the plaintiff and
defendant, as the proposed new defendants were the controlling mind and will
of the defendant company and the defendant company was their alter ego (at
[24(a)] and [43]). The court found that mere evidence of sole shareholding and
control of a company would not be enough to make out the ground of alter ego:
see (at [71] and [76]).

38 Mr Low’s pleading that Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki are “collectively the
directing mind and will” of LogicMills does not suffice to disclose material
facts that would support an argument that they are the alter egos of
LogicMills. It would take Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki by surprise if they were
expected to meet such a case, especially as Mr Low’s pleaded claims for an
alleged debt of $203,287.50 and unjust enrichment were directed at LogicMills
specifically: see V Nithia at [35]. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

SOC at paras 40 and 42.

39 In any event, I do not think that Mr Low would have succeeded in piercing
the corporate veil such that Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki can be held personally
liable for any statutory misrepresentation that LogicMills may be liable for.
As the defendants have highlighted in their written submissions, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at paras 822–828.

this argument is simply not borne out by the available evidence.

40 As such, Mr Low’s claims in contractual debt as well as in unjust
enrichment can only be brought against LogicMills.

Issue 1: Statutory misrepresentation

Parties’ submissions

41 Mr Low submits that Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki had made the Alleged
Representations in the 8 May 2014 Meeting. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PCS at paras 27–33.

This is corroborated by the LogicMills Brochure, which Mr Low had been
permitted by Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki to take from the LogicMills enrichment
centre and which stated that LogicMills’ programmes were “MOE-certified” and
“Validated and Endorsed”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

PCS at paras 34–39; PRS at paras 15–17, 25.

Moreover, the term “Validated & Endorsed” had been used in marketing materials
for LogicMills. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PCS at paras 40–50; PRS at paras 31–32.

Further, Mr Low had only received the ATS Report in or around October 2015 and
hence would not have known from it that MOE did not make commercial
endorsements. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PCS at paras 51–58; PRS at paras 43–48.

42 Mr Low submits that the Alleged Representations were untrue, as there was
no email or certificate from MOE to validate, certify or endorse LogicMills or
LA’s programmes or curriculum. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

PCS at paras 68–71; PRS at paras 61–72.

The certification of LogicMills as a private school and the ATS Report both
did not amount to MOE validation, certification or endorsement of LogicMills’
curriculum. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

PCS at paras 76–83, 84–92; PRS at paras 73–84.

43 Mr Low submits that the defendants were aware of the falsity of their
Alleged Representations. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PCS at paras 98–104; PRS at paras 89–95.

He also submits that he had suffered losses as parents of students enrolled in
LA had withdrawn their children due to the lack of MOE validation, endorsement
and certification and he had to suspend LA’s operations in December 2016. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PCS at paras 105–118; PRS at paras 96–98.

44 On the other hand, the defendants contend that in the 8 May 2014 Meeting,
they had told Mr Low that there was documentation to show that ATS was MOE-
validated, namely, via the ATS Report, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DCS at paras 18, 47(2).

which they say they had provided to Mr Low between 2012 and September 2014. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCS at para 25.

The defendants hence submit that there is no misrepresentation as they had
only conveyed the objective truth that LogicMills’ curriculum was MOE-
validated. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DCS at paras 62–70, 137–138.

45 They submit that they had never claimed that ATS was MOE-certified and/or
MOE-endorsed. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DCS at paras 18 and 23.

First, as a matter of policy, MOE would not formally endorse educational
programmes not created by itself. Rather, the evidence of MOE’s regard shows
that the programme had been “endorsed in an ordinary-language, layman sense of
the word”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DCS at para 71.

Second, they take MOE-certified to refer to the approval by MOE of
“institutions having a physical location” 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCS at para 24; DRS at para 29.

or that LogicMills was a registered commercial school. Third, they submit that
validation and endorsement did not necessarily entail certification and the
three terms of “validation”, “endorsement” and “certification” would not apply
meaningfully across the board to all of LogicMills’ programmes. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

DRS at paras 29 and 39.

Whether the Alleged Representations were made

46 I begin by saying that it is clear on the evidence that LogicMills had
received certification of its private school status from MOE. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defendants’ Bundle of Documents (“DB”) Vol 1 at p 126.

However, Mr Low’s claim in misrepresentation lies in the validation,
endorsement and/or certification of the curriculum and programmes of
LogicMills 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

SOC at paras 7–8.

rather than the institution of LogicMills. I hence do not think the
certification of LogicMills as a private school is relevant to the present
dispute.

47 It is not disputed that if the Alleged Representations had been made, they
would be untrue. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DCS at para 18.

The defendants, however, contend that they had communicated something
different. They argue that the words “validated”, “endorsed” and “certified”
cannot be understood as collectively amounting to a representation that the
curriculum was MOE-approved. The defendants appear to consider the three terms
separately, contending that what they had represented instead was that
LogicMills’ curriculum was MOE-validated but not that it was certified or
endorsed. By validation, they merely meant that MOE had positive regard for
(as opposed to a formal endorsement of) LogicMills’ ATS programme. The
supporting documentation for this would be the ATS Report. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCS at paras 5, 18, 47(2).

48 I wish to make clear at this point (given that the defendants are
unrepresented in this suit) that I am not making findings on the actual
quality or strength of LogicMills’ curriculum. I am called upon to make a
finding of fact as to what exactly has been represented about LogicMills’
curriculum and the veracity of that representation. As such, regardless of the
defendants’ suggested interpretation of the words “validated”, “endorsed” and
“certified”, the real question at hand is the impression conveyed and whether
the defendants reasonably believed that this was the impression conveyed.
Given that there is no record of the Alleged Representations made at the 8 May
2014 Meeting, the best evidence we have as to the content of the Alleged
Representations would be the PowerPoint slides used at the meeting (the “May
2014 Slide Deck”) 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PB at pp 386–403.

and the LogicMills Brochure.

49 It is true that in the May 2014 Slide Deck, one of the slides titled
“Validation of LogicMills Curriculum” makes reference to “[t]he Study and
Findings” and cites the ATS Report. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PB at p 391.

However, on the evidence available, it does not appear that the
representations made by the defendants stopped at merely saying that MOE had
informally validated Logicmills’ ATS programme or that this informal
validation is supported only by the ATS Report.

50 First, the LogicMills Brochure contained the following infographic (the V&E
Infographic)”: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at Tab 4 (BA at p 154).

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

The brochure also stated that “LogicMills is the only MOE-registered school in
Singapore providing Analytical Thinking Skills (ATS) programmes inside
Primary, Secondary and International schools” [emphasis in original omitted].
77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at Tab 4 (BA at p 158).

51 It appears from the V&E Infographic that the curriculum had been “validated
and endorsed” and “MOE-certified”. I also note that the LogicMills Brochure
mentions that the school is MOE-registered, which suggests to me that the term
“certified” refers to the LogicMills’ curriculum rather than to the
registration of LogicMills as a private school. The concepts of validation,
endorsement and certification would hence not be taken by a reasonable person
as referring to discrete and disparate concepts; I do not find in favour of
the defendants’ argument that they had only represented LogicMills’ curriculum
to be validated but not certified or endorsed by MOE.

52 Second, it appears to me that the defendants had reasonably believed that
Mr Low understood the Alleged Representations to be that the curriculum had
been formally validated, endorsed or certified by MOE. When Mr Low repeatedly
asked for documentary support in the form of a certificate rather than the ATS
Report, the defendants did not disavow it even though their position was that
Mr Low had known from the start that their supporting documentation was the
ATS Report.

53 On 12 March 2015, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

DB Vol 1 at p 183; Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at para 140 (BA at p 53); PB at p
155.

Mr Low sent a Whatsapp group chat message specifically addressed to Ms Seet,
saying:

LM cirliculum [sic] is MOE certified

Is there a certificate?

In response, Ms Seet stated:

Moe registered and moe validated. (1) Registered is location based. (2)
Validated is with our study with MOE for 7 schools. Have emails with MOE
officials as to what is “approved” to put on website and materials re:
improvement of grades.

54 On the stand, she conceded that there was no such certificate. When asked
why she had not directly answered Mr Low’s query as to whether there was a
certificate, she replied that “I needed to understand what he was going to say
first”, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript of 17 November 2022 p 121 ln 10 to ln 15.

that it was 9.00am and she had four children, and also that it was not a good
idea to say there was no certificate as he might then ask if there was a
certificate for anything and there was indeed a certificate for MOE school
registration. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript of 17 November 2022 p 122 ln 18 to ln 26.

She further questioned why, if that query was so important, Mr Low had asked
her about it in the middle of messages about logistics. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript of 17 November 2022 p 123 ln 27 to ln 29.

55 That was not the only instance of Mr Low’s request to see the certificate
or any supporting documentation. On 16 September 2015, Mr Low again asked to
be sent the email indicating MOE validation as he wished to have “proof when
[customers] challenge us”. Ms Seet agreed to do so. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

DB Vol 1 pp 203–204; Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at para 145 (BA at p 55).

It is to be noted that Ms Yuen had also messaged Ms Seet on 15 and 16
September 2015 to remind her to send the MOE email to Mr Low. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at para 144 and Tab 35 (BA at pp 54 and 487).

On 20 September 2015, Mr Low again queried about “the email for moe [sic]”,
and Ms Yuen sent yet another WhatsApp message reminding Ms Seet to send the
“MOE validated email” to Mr Low. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

DB Vol 1 p 201; Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at paras 146–147 (BA at p 55).

On 30 September 2015, Mr Low emailed and stated that he was still waiting for
“some form of document to confirm [that] we can use [this information]. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DB Vol 1 p 210; Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at para 148 (BA at pp 55–56).

Ms Seet did not reply to Mr Low’s email. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript of 18 November 2022 p 38 ln 14.

On 1 October 2015, Mr Low asked both Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki via email for a
copy of the MOE email stating that LogicMills had been validated either by
certificate or email, to “protect the claim we put on advertisement”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DB at p 209; Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at para 149 (BA at p 56).

56 Ms Seet has acknowledged that she never sent the requested email to Mr Low.
88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript of 18 November 2022 p 24 ln 20.

When asked why she did not do so, she explained that: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript of 18 November 2022 p 26 ln 22 to ln 25.

Because I went home, thought about it. I might have discussed with my husband,
and we decided that it wasn’t a good idea to forward communication that …
LogicMills Learning Centre had with MOE HQ.

Ms Seet also stated that she had told Mr Low that she would not provide him
with the emails verbally but was not sure if Mr Low understood what she was
trying to communicate. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript of 18 November 2022 p 27 ln 16 to p 28 ln 7.

57 On 1 May 2016, Mr Low then sent a WhatsApp message telling Ms Seet that
they had to talk about the issue of MOE validation and whether it should be
removed; once more, she did not reply. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at para 150 (BA at p 56).

When on the stand, Ms Seet said she was away in Malaysia and on training. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcript of 18 November 2022 p 39 ln 1 to ln 17.

58 Ms Seet’s multiple justifications for failing to reply directly or to send
any supporting documentation to Mr Low – that she had been busy, that she had
to understand his point first or that she had decided it was inappropriate to
forward MOE’s emails to him – manifest a high degree of evasiveness. Mr Low
had made these requests repeatedly, and it was clear from his messages and
emails that he did not think this documentation merely comprised the ATS
report or was meant to be proof of mere informal validation, since he intended
to use it in case customers decided to challenge LA. Despite multiple
opportunities to do so, the defendants did not make any attempt to inform him
that no formal validation from MOE existed. Ms Seet claims that she made a
single attempt to verbally inform Mr Low that she would not be sending him the
email. However, their subsequent written communications suggest that Mr Low
did not think the email would be withheld from him, and Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki
did not endeavour to tell him otherwise. The communications between Mr Low and
Ms Seet suggest that the defendants were aware that Mr Low understood the
representations made to him as pertaining to more than just informal MOE
validation. The evidence shows that Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki were aware that Mr
Low was under the impression that there was such a certificate.

Whether the defendants had reasonable grounds for believing the
representations to be true

59 Having found that the representations made were indeed the Alleged
Representations relied on by Mr Low, I proceed to consider the statutory
defence afforded in s 2 MA – whether the defendants had reasonable grounds to
believe that the Alleged Representations were true. As mentioned above, the
defendants do not dispute that MOE does not have the power to formally
validate, endorse or certify curriculums, and this is hence a moot question.

60 On top of that, Mr Nowacki and Ms Seet had been in email communications
with two persons from MOE between October to November 2012 – one Mr Nick Tan,
an Inspector at the Private Schools Section of the Higher Education Division,
and one Mrs Chua-Lim Yen Ching (“Mrs Chua-Lim”), the Director of the
Curriculum Planning and Development Division. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

DB Vol 1 at pp 130–154.

The email correspondence appears to pertain to the updating of LogicMills’
school information.

61 On 1 November 2012, Mr Nick Tan made clear that even though Mr Nowacki had
worked with MOE’s schools, collated data and conducted studies, doing so did
not allow him to use and term the information as a “MOE-documented survey” on
LogicMills’ website. Mr Nick Tan asked Mr Nowacki to remove the words “MOE-
documented survey” and to refrain from using MOE in any future advertising or
information on websites and/or brochures. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

DB Vol 1 at pp 131–133.

62 On 2 November 2012, Mr Nowacki responded to Mr Nick Tan’s email (with Mrs
Chua-Lim copied), saying that it was understood that there was no question of
MOE officially endorsing a particular vendor. He stated that he had had a
phone call with Mrs Chua-Lim and asked Mr Nick Tan to hold off on the matter
of the website information while Mrs Chua-Lim was looking at the information
Mr Nowacki would be sending her. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

DB Vol 1 at p 132.

Later the same day, Mr Nowacki emailed Mrs Chua-Lim and suggested various ways
of citing the ATS Report instead of as a “MOE-documented survey”. Mrs Chua-Lim
stated that she would look into it and get back to him. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

DB Vol 1 at pp 152–154.

63 On 6 November 2012, Mr Nick Tan responded that: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

DB Vol 1 at p 131.

We have consulted Mrs Chua-Lim Yen Ching and our colleagues at MOE and have no
objections to the survey being named “The Explicit Teaching of Analytical
Thinking Skills Through Games-Based Facilitation for All Courses (in Primary
and Secondary Schools) for Higher Academic Achievement”, which should better
reflect the information published on your website. Please remove the words
“MOE-documented survey” and “PSLE”.

64 It appears that MOE had communicated its clear position that the ATS Report
was not to be referred to as MOE-documented. On the stand, Mr Nowacki
initially suggested that the defendants had fully complied with MOE’s
directions since they had changed the name of the ATS Report and did not hear
back from MOE thereafter. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Transcript of 26 August 2022 at p 50 ln 1 to ln 9.

I am unpersuaded by this, especially in light of the evidence by an ex-
employee of LogicMills that LogicMills had continued to represent itself as
MOE-validated, endorsed, and certified on its website and brochures in 2013.
99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Lee Rui Xiong’s AEIC at paras 12–13; BA at pp 746–747.

Moreover, such a representation was indeed present in the form of the V&E
Infographic used in LogicMills’ brochures.

65 This was pointed out to Mr Nowacki during cross-examination, at which point
Mr Nowacki suggested that Mr Nick Tan had “overstepped his authority” and that
he did not clarify this with Mr Nick Tan as he did not wish to make Mr Nick
Tan “lose face in front of his boss”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript of 26 August 2022 p 49 ln 23 to p 51 ln 11.

I am unable to accept this explanation. First, there is simply no evidence of
Mr Nowacki’s purported belief that Mr Nick Tan had overstepped his authority.
The evidence, in fact, suggests the opposite. Mr Nowacki had responded to Mr
Nick Tan’s email of 6 November 2012, saying that the email was “helpful”, that
he was grateful for the “kind input” from Mrs Chua-Lim and asking for “a bit
of time to loop this through our web person”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

DB Vol 1 at p 131.

Mr Nowacki’s response, in fact, appears to suggest that he had understood and
intended for LogicMills to comply with Mr Nick Tan’s directions. Further and
more importantly, even if I accept Mr Nowacki’s evidence that he believed Mr
Nick Tan to have overstepped his authority, it must mean that Mr Nowacki had
not complied with the supposedly unauthorised instructions given by Mr Nick
Tan in the first place. There are hence no reasonable grounds for the
defendants to believe that the Alleged Representations were true.

Reliance on the Alleged Representations

66 Mr Low submits that the Alleged Representations were an important
consideration for him in deciding whether to participate in the business
venture with LogicMills, as MOE certification, validation and endorsement
would be an “overriding consideration” to students and parents in the
Singapore market and would be important in marketing the programmes and
curriculums in his desired end-market, China. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

PCS at para 59.

67 It is clear that Mr Low had relied on the Alleged Representations in
entering into the SHA. This can be seen from how the V&E Infographic was
reproduced – and, in fact, actively promogulated – in the marketing of LA. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Lee Rui Xiong’s affidavit at para 13 (BA at p 747), Zhang Kuanyuan Zechariah’s
AEIC at para 18.

A hot stamp image (the “Hot Stamp”) stating “Validated by MOE” was also
designed:

![](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

The Hot Stamp was used on LA’s flyers and the feature wall of its premises.
104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Lee Rui Xiong’s AEIC at paras 24–26 and Tabs 5 and 7 (BA at pp 749–750, 821,
837, 846 and 863); Zhang Kuanyuan Zechariah’s AEIC at para 21 (BA at p 961).

68 Mr Low submits that Ms Seet was responsible for the said depictions as to
MOE validation, endorsement and/or certification of LogicMills and LA’s
programmes and curriculums, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

PCS at paras 40–50.

while the defendants contend that Mr Low was very much involved in and
controlled the marketing and promotion materials of LA. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript of 22 November 22 p 141 ln 13 to ln 18; Seet Chuen Yee Eunice’s
AEIC at paras 14–16 (BA at p 1992); DCS at paras 272, 291 and 842; DRS at para
40.

I consider this emphasis on who was responsible for LA’s marketing to be
misplaced.

69 With respect to the marketing of LogicMills, Mr Nowacki acknowledged that
he had approved the V&E Infographic, which a marketing consulting firm had
designed for LogicMills. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript of 17 November 2022 at p 81 ln 23 to ln 32; Lee Rui Xiong’s AEIC at
para 10 and Tab 2 (BA at pp 745–746,792).

With respect to the marketing of LA, it does not matter whether Mr Low or Ms
Seet had the final say in marketing. The evidence suggests that both Ms Seet
and Mr Low had sight of the Hot Stamp, and both were, at the very least,
accepting of its usage in LA’s marketing. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Lee Rui Xiong’s AEIC at para 22 and Tab 6 (BA at p 749, 857–858); DB Vol 2 at
pp 61, 63–64.

70 In any event, even if Mr Low had been in charge of approving the marketing
materials, the point is that he had relied on the Alleged Representations with
respect to LogicMills’ curriculum in entering the SHA to set up LA, which is
why he would now seek to market LA’s curriculum as MOE-validated. I hence find
that Mr Low has established his reliance on the Alleged Representations.

Loss and damage

71 Mr Low submits that he had suffered losses as parents of students enrolled
in LA had withdrawn their students due to the lack of MOE validation,
endorsement and certification, and he had to suspend LA’s operations in
December 2016. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

PCS at paras 105–118.

His evidence was that about 56 students had withdrawn in consequence of being
notified that LA’s programmes were not MOE-validated, although he was not
certain of the exact number. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Transcript of 16 August 2022 p 96 ln 3 to p 108 ln 8.

72 Mr Low’s case is supported firstly by the documentary evidence of fourteen
students refunded by way of five cheques. Ms Karen Lee Mei Lan, an
administrative manager at LA between 2014 and January 2017, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript of 24 August 2022 p 2 ln 21 to ln 30.

testified that she had helped to fill in the cheques, and these refunds were
made to parents who had paid via credit cards. The cheques were issued to the
bank, which would then process refunds to the parents in question. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript of 24 August 2022 p 28 ln 18 to p 31 ln 9.

The defendants took issue with the veracity of these cheques and sought for
the cheque stubs and cheque images 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

See HC/SUM 2593/2022; HC/ORC 3893/2022; 1PE to 10PE.

to be retrieved. This was done, and, having considered the evidence put before
me, I do not find any reason to suspect the authenticity of these cheques or
of the refunds made.

73 In any event, Mr Low has also furnished witness evidence from two parents
of LA’s ex-students. Ms Zhu Xiaohong’s affidavit evidence was that after being
notified by Ms Yuen that LA’s programmes were not MOE-validated, endorsed or
certified, she decided not to renew the lesson packages for her two sons after
their pre-existing packages came to an end in 2016. She also emailed LA asking
why the programmes were not MOE-validated as she had previously been told. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Zhu Xiaohong’s AEIC at paras 16 and 19, pp 18–19 (BA pp 938–939, 953–954).

Ms Soh Lay Khim also stated that she was disappointed to hear from Ms Yuen in
November or December 2016 that LA’s programmes and curriculum were not MOE-
validated and did not see the point of paying the high fees for her son to
continue attending the courses. She hence made a joint decision with her
husband to email stating that she was discontinuing her son’s enrolment as the
courses were not MOE-validated. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Soh Lay Khim’s AEIC at paras 12–13 (BA pp 890–891); Transcript of 19 August
2022 p 105 ln 10 to p 108 ln 5.

74 The evidence of both witnesses was unchallenged. The defendants have
submitted that Ms Yuen had instigated Ms Soh and her husband’s email to LA.
116

##### Foot Note 116

×

DCS at para 883.

However, when she took the stand, there was nothing to shake her evidence that
she had withdrawn her son from LA because she had discovered that LA’s
curriculum was not MOE-validated.

75 The defendants also appear to take issue with the fact that Ms Yuen had
provided an email address under the domain name “academy.sg” for Ms Soh Lay
Khim and Ms Zhu Xiaohong to write to. They say that the usual email address
used for communications with LA was a different one under the domain name
“logicmills.com” 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcript of 19 August 2022 p 107 ln 12 to ln 14; Transcript of 18 August
2022 p 18 ln 9 to ln 22; DCS at paras 311, 873–874 and 884.

and that Ms Yuen had instigated parents to write to the “academy.sg” email
address. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

DRS at para 87(4).

However, this is irrelevant to the question of whether Ms Zhu Xiaohong and Ms
Soh Lay Khim had opted to withdraw their children from LA as a result of their
realising that its curriculum was not MOE-validated.

76 On the totality of the evidence available, I hence find that Mr Low had
suffered loss and damage as LA’s students had withdrawn from LA’s courses
after learning that its curriculum was not in fact MOE-validated, endorsed or
certified.

Summary of findings

77 In essence, Mr Low’s claim of statutory misrepresentation can be made out
against LogicMills.

Issue 2: Relief available to Mr Low

Rescission of the SHA

78 Broadly, rescission entails restoring not only the rescinding party but
also the counterparty to its pre-contractual position: CDX and another v CDZ
and another [2021] 5 SLR 405 (“CDX”) at [51]. There are two forms of recission
– in common law and in equity. The remedy of common law rescission is not
applicable here as it is available only if the contract is induced by
fraudulent misrepresentation (CDX at [52]). However, equitable rescission is
available as a remedy for contracts induced by negligent or innocent
misrepresentation (CDX at [55]).

79 Unlike common law rescission, which requires precise and complete
restitutio in integrum (ie, a precise and complete reversal of benefits
exchanged under a rescinded contract), equitable rescission only requires
substantial restitutio in integrum (ie, that practical justice can be done in
restoring the misrepresentee and misrepresentor to their pre-contractual
positions). Equitable rescission can be supplemented by other equitable
remedies such as a taking of an account or an equitable indemnity to make a
representee whole for the losses it has suffered or will suffer in the
performance of its obligations under the rescinded contract (CDX at
[54]–[56]).

80 Mr Low avers that he had rescinded the SHA by the 14 September 2016 Letter.
119

##### Foot Note 119

×

SOC at para 31; PB at pp 102–107.

The 14 September 2016 Letter noted that on 20 July 2016, Ms Seet had tendered
her resignation as director of LA and sent a letter to Mr Low to give notice
of LogicMills’ intention to terminate the SHA. Mr Low sought in the 14
September 2016 Letter the return of 30% of the directors’ loans which Mr Low
had provided to LA on behalf of himself and LogicMills, as well as the $30,000
due under the SHA as LogicMills’ consideration for 30% equity in LA.

81 On the totality of the evidence available, I find that Mr Low is entitled
to and has rescinded the SHA on 14 September 2016.

82 The defendants contend that Mr Low had affirmed the SHA, and hence
rescission was no longer open to him. A binding election to affirm the
agreement can be express or implied, and requires the injured party to
communicate his choice to the other party in clear and unequivocal terms
(Jurong Town Corp v Wishing Star Ltd [2005] 3 SLR(R) 283 at [171], cited in
Strait Colonies at [42]). I do not think any such clear and unequivocal
communication of a decision to affirm the agreement was made. On the contrary,
the 14 September 2016 Letter clearly sought the return of monies paid pursuant
to the SHA.

83 It also appears from the evidence that LA’s business operations were
suspended in end-2016. While the defendants aver that Mr Low voted at LA’s
Annual General Meetings (“AGM”) in 2017, 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Defence at para 27B(b).

Mr Low expressly mentioned at the AGM of 16 November 2017 that the suspension
was to continue till there was a further update on the MOE validation of
LogicMills’ programmes. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PB at p 542.

Moreover, regardless of whether the SHA had been rescinded, as Mr Low
highlights in his affidavit, he was still obliged as a director to hold the
AGMs pursuant to the Companies Act. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at paras 183–184 (BA at pp 68–69).

Mr Nowacki has also acknowledged that based on the minutes of an earlier AGM
conducted on 21 April 2017, there was no discussion of business in 2017. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript of 29 August 2022 at p 55 ln 22 to ln 24.

The continuance of Mr Low’s participation at LA’s AGM hence does not evince
any affirmation of the SHA on his part. Also, while the defendants also submit
that Mr Low should have wound up LA if he had rescinded the SHA, 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

DCS at para 300.

the failure to wind up LA also did not amount to a clear and unequivocal
affirmation.

84 The defendants also take issue, again, with Mr Low’s registration and use
of the “academy.sg” domain in August 2016 without the defendants’ knowledge
(see above at [75]). The crux of their submissions is that rescission was not
on Mr Low’s mind at the material time and that he had intended to carry on
LA’s business and to continue using LogicMills’ intellectual property without
LogicMills’ knowledge. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

DCS at paras 311–314, 934–940.

85 I reserve my comments on LogicMills’ intellectual property as it is not
fully relevant to whether Mr Low had rescinded the SHA or not. I only note
that if the SHA was indeed rescinded, then LogicMills’ assignment of rights
and intellectual properties pertaining to its products under cl 7 of the SHA
is one of the items that would have to be dealt with to restore parties to
their pre-contractual positions substantially.

86 With respect to whether Mr Low’s registration of the “academy.sg” domain in
2016 suggests that he had intended to carry on LA’s business, the setting up
of a domain alone is insufficient to suggest this, especially when there is
nothing to contradict Mr Low’s pleaded case that LA’s operations were
suspended by the end of 2016.

87 For completeness, while Mr Low seeks to rely on Mr Nowacki’s email, where
he considered the SHA to have been rescinded on 31 July 2017, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

PCS at para 162.

I attribute little weight to this particular email in light of Mr Nowacki’s
lack of professional legal advice or knowledge of the legal difference between
the rescission of a contract versus termination. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

DCS at paras 315–316.

In any event, the remaining evidence suffices to show Mr Low’s clear
expression of his intent to rescind the SHA, made within a reasonable frame of
time.

88 I hence grant Mr Low’s prayer for a declaration that the SHA had been
validly rescinded. The next question is what must be done to substantially
restore parties to their pre-contractual positions. I am of the view that
LogicMills is entitled to have the shares held by Mr Low in LA transferred
back to LogicMills. However, as it is not clear whether LA is still a going
concern or has any value (which may affect the remedy available to Mr Low), Mr
Low has liberty to apply for orders in this regard.

Damages

89 Mr Low also pleads that he had suffered loss and damage (specifically,
$577,625 pursuant to the Second Oral Agreement) due to the misrepresentations
as he would not have funded LA’s operations through directors’ loans if not
for the false representations made to him. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

SOC at para 39.

The defendants, however, argue that while Mr Low did loan monies to LA, they
were unable to verify the amounts of money which he had put in or taken out.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

DCS at para 372.

90 I begin by noting that at this point, there is no need for me to determine
whether the Second Oral Agreement was indeed entered into. It would suffice
for Mr Low to establish that he has expended the sum of $577,625 as a result
of his entry into the SHA after the Alleged Representations had been made to
him.

91 I find, on a balance of probabilities, that Mr Low had provided the sum of
$577,625 to LA. He is hence entitled to this sum of $577,625 as damages
suffered due to the misrepresentation.

92 Mr Low furnishes three sets of documents to establish that he had made
director’s loans totalling $577,625. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at paras 69–71, Tabs 13, 15 and 16 (BA at pp 28,
277–343, 349–403).

First, he relies on LA’s general ledger dated up to 30 May 2017 (the “LA
General Ledger”). The LA General Ledger also reflects credited payments
amounting to $577,625.39. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

BA at p 350.

Second, he relies on LA’s financial statements. The financial statement for
the year ended 30 September 2017 (the “FY2017 Financial Statement”) specifies
that an amount of $577,625 is due to a director of the company. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

BA at p 338.

93 Finally, Mr Low relies on copies of LA’s bank statements (the “DBS Bank
Statements”) dated from 31 October 2014 to 31 January 2017. The DBS Bank
Statements display multiple transactions crediting sums of money into LA’s
account between 31 October 2014 and 31 January 2017, many of which are
recorded in the LA General Ledger as well. I hence consider the DBS Bank
Statements to corroborate the presence of Mr Low’s transfers of monies to LA.
As the parties focus more on the LA General Ledger and financial statements in
their submissions, and as the sum of $577,625 that Mr Low is claiming for is
laid out in these two types of documents, I will proceed to consider their
arguments with respect to these two types of documents.

94 Mr Low has exhibited financial statements for the financial years of 2015,
2016 and 2017 (collectively, the “Financial Statements”). The financial
statement for the year ended 30 September 2015 (the “FY2015 Financial
Statement”) reflects that the amount of $301,528 was due to a director. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

BA at p 292.

The financial statement for the year ended 30 September 2016 reflects that the
amount due to a director had increased to $499,879. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

BA at p 315.

Finally, the FY2017 Financial Statement specifies that a sum of $577,625 is an
“[a]mount due to director”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

BA at p 338.

Mr Low’s pleadings vis-à-vis the Second Oral Agreement expressly rely on the
FY2017 Financial Statement. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

SOC at para 22.

95 The defendants’ pleadings pertaining to the Financial Statements seem to
focus on the authenticity of the FY2015 Financial Statement specifically. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Defence at para 24B.

They submit that Ms Seet’s signature on the FY2015 Financial Statement was not
truly hers, 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

DCS at paras 29–30.

the audit of the same FY2015 Financial Statement had failed to comply with
statutory requirements 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

DCS at para 528.

and the audit documentation had been tampered with. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

DCS at para 533–534, 556.

That being said, they also argue that “[o]nce the balance sheet for FY2015 is
wrong, it affects all succeeding years”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

DRS at para 117.

96 To be very clear, my findings, at the end of the day, will have to be
concerned with the authenticity of the FY2017 Financial Statement, since that
is the statement relied on as evidence of the loan of $577,625 by Mr Low.
However, the defendants’ submissions on the FY2015 Financial Statement do bear
some relevance to my findings on the FY2017 Financial Statement. If the
defendants succeed in establishing that the FY2015 Financial Statement and the
auditing of it had been doctored, then they can possibly have a case against
the authenticity of subsequent financial documentation, such as the FY2017
Financial Statement.

97 In response to the defendants’ disputing the authenticity of the Financial
Statements, I granted leave for Mr Low to adduce rebuttal evidence pertaining
to the auditing performed on the FY2015 Financial Statement from the auditors,
Ark Alliance LLP. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript of 29 August 2022 p 33 ln 26 to p 42 ln 2.

Mr Tan Chong Hiang, a partner of Ark Alliance LLP, was called as a witness to
testify on the audit of the FY2015 Financial Statement. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Tan Chong Hiang’s AEIC at paras 1, 4.

Mr Tan’s evidence was that the FY2015 Financial Statement had been audited in
accordance with Singapore’s auditing standards. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Tan Chong Hiang’s AEIC at para 52.

While the defendants attempted from multiple angles – including an examination
of Ms Seet’s signatures and an examination into the loss of the audit work
plan due to a server crash – to contest the integrity and quality of the
audit, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript of 15 November 2022 p 45 ln 7 to ln 18; p 46 ln 3 to p 60 ln 26; p
89 ln 3 to p 90 ln 14.

their lines of inquiry turned out to be largely speculative. I do not think
that they were able to prove on a balance of probabilities that Ms Seet’s
signature had been forged, or that the auditors had been acting in concert
with and rendering assistance to Mr Low. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DCS at paras 536–538.

98 Therefore, Mr Low is entitled to damages arising from the
Misrepresentations under s 2(1) MA. It is hornbook law that damages, being
compensatory in nature, should put the injured party in the same position it
would have been in had the wrong not been committed (Main-Line Corporate
Holdings Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd and another [2017] 3 SLR 901 at [63];
James Edelman, McGregor on Damages (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 2021) at 2-003,
citing Livingstone v Rawyards Co (1880) 5 App Cas 25 at 39). Had the Alleged
Representations not been made, Mr Low would not have decided to provide
financial support to LA. LogicMills is hence to return the sum of $577,625 to
Mr Low.

Oral Agreements

99 In light of my findings above on rescission and damages, there is no need
for me to consider the issue of the First Oral Agreement and the Second Oral
Agreement, as these are events which occur consequent to Mr Low entering into
the SHA. For completeness, however, I briefly consider the parties’ claims and
arguments with respect to these two Oral Agreements.

100 Firstly, Mr Low claims that he had advanced $30,000 on behalf of
LogicMills pursuant to the First Oral Agreement so that LogicMills could
receive its 30% shareholding in LA. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

SOC at paras 15, 40(a) and 42; PCS at paras 9(a), 10(a) and 12.

The defendants say, instead, that LogicMills had contributed assets in kind in
return for its 30% shareholding. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

DCS at para 347.

101 I find the evidence available insufficient to establish the existence of
the First Oral Agreement. Clause 4 of the SHA provides that Mr Low was to
contribute $70,000 for 70% shares and $30,000 as a loan for working capital.
149

##### Foot Note 149

×

PB at p 168.

Mr Low has acknowledged that there is no evidence of a $30,000 loan from him
to LogicMills for the 30,000 shares. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Transcript of 19 August 2022 p 51 ln 15 to ln 19.

Mr Low’s case, instead, is that the SHA, which was signed in October 2014, had
been backdated to 1 September 2014. This was so that LA could bear LogicMills’
costs and expenses for the month of September 2014, such that about $32,000
would be provided in consideration for the assets which LogicMills had
transferred to LA’s premises. In other words, LogicMills could not have
provided assets in return for its 30% shareholding as a separate arrangement
of backdating the SHA had been used to pay for LogicMills’ transferred assets.
151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Transcript of 19 August 2022 p 21 ln 29 to p 25 ln 26.

102 However, as Mr Low acknowledged, this backdating arrangement was never
mentioned in the SHA. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Transcript of 19 August 2022 p 26 ln 4 to ln 20.

More importantly, LA eventually issued the 30% shares to LogicMills without
LogicMills making any direct payment of $30,000. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Transcript of 19 August 2022 p 51 ln 6 to p 52 ln 1.

Therefore, even if I were to take Mr Low’s case at its highest, it would be LA
which LogicMills owes $30,000. Mr Low’s loan was provided to LA, and he does
not have a claim against LogicMills for the alleged advance of $30,000.

103 Next, Mr Low also claims for $577,625, which he says he had contributed as
director’s loans to sustain LA’s business operations, pursuant to the Second
Oral Agreement. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

PCS at para 9.

The defendants submit that there is also no evidence of a second Oral
Agreement. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

DCS at para 372.

104 Mr Low relies on LA’s letter of undertaking dated 25 March 2016 to Ark
Alliance LLP, in which both Mr Low and LogicMills undertook to provide
financial support to LA as and when required to meet LA’s obligations when
they fell due and to defray all expenses incidental to running the business.
156

##### Foot Note 156

×

PCS at para 133.

Mr Low also contends that LogicMills had asked him to confirm with Ark
Alliance LLP that it owed Mr Low $301,528.42 as at 30 September 2015. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

PCS at para 134.

105 Mr Nowacki, however, took the position that this was merely a letter of
comfort required to secure approval for audits, as it would assure the
auditors that Mr Low would not call on his debts against LA right away. Mr
Nowacki was then questioned on why the letter was not worded so as to say that
Mr Low – as opposed to all shareholders – would be the one providing financial
support. Mr Nowacki responded that it came down to the intentions of Mr Low,
to which he was not privy. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript of 29 August 2022 p 14 ln 7 to p 15 ln 9.

It was then put to Mr Nowacki that the letter was consistent with Mr Low’s
obligation to provide cash injections proportionate to his shareholding to
sustain LA. In response, Mr Nowacki stated:

First, there is no such mention of anything like proportional bearing of cash
injections in this three-line document. However, if you ask me just formally
speaking, would this be consistent in general with both sides putting in cash,
yes, it’s consistent with both sides putting in cash as well as just one side
or neither side choosing to put in cash. That’s the nature of a letter of
comfort, Mr Lye. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Transcript of 29 August 2022 p 15 ln 10 to ln 22.

106 I do not find this to be a coherent explanation of the letter of
undertaking. More importantly, it is inconsistent with the fact that Mr
Nowacki had subsequently sent Mr Low a letter dated 25 March 2016 stating that
the undertaking to provide financial support for LA was withdrawn. I note that
Mr Nowacki did not concede that the undertaking had conferred any financial
obligation on LogicMills to finance LA. Rather, his position was that the
letter dated 25 March 2016 was just to express his disavowment in case the
undertaking was construed as creating any obligations. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Transcript of 29 August 2022 p 16 ln 25 to p 18 ln 18.

However, taking the evidence in its totality, the letter of undertaking and
the letter of 25 March 2016 appear consistent with the purported Second Oral
Agreement for shareholders to contribute proportionately, and this is further
supported by the evidence in the Financial Statements and the LA General
Ledger of Mr Low making such contributions to LA.

107 In the absence of evidence to the contrary, it is hence more likely that
the Second Oral Agreement existed than that the letter of undertaking was a
letter of comfort which was inexplicably poorly worded or that LogicMills’
withdrawal from said undertaking was merely done in abundance of caution. As
such, Mr Low is entitled to the sum of $577,625 as damages pursuant to the
Second Oral Agreement.

108 There are, however, two limitations or difficulties to any claim Mr Low
may be entitled to with respect to the Second Oral Agreement:

(a) Mr Low has not pleaded for rescission of the Second Oral Agreement, but
instead claims reimbursement of the advances made (amounting to $173,287.50)
by way of debt, or damages of $173,287.50, on the grounds that the defendants
had breached and repudiated the Second Oral Agreement in refusing to reimburse
the same sum to him. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

SOC at para 40.

This would not entitle him to the full sum of $577,625.

(b) Another spanner thrown into the works of this claim is that pursuant to
the Second Oral Agreement, the advances he had paid on behalf of LogicMills
would be reimbursed back to Mr Low only when LA became profitable. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Low Sing Khiang’s AEIC at para 65(b) (BA at p 27).

It appears from the Financial Statements that LA had consistently been making
losses.

109 However, as I have found that LogicMills is liable to Mr Low for $577,625
in damages for statutory misrepresentation, I do not need to further consider
these limitations to Mr Low’s alternative claims.

Conclusion

110 In summary, I find that:

(a) LogicMills is liable to Mr Low for innocent misrepresentation under s 2
MA.

(b) Ms Seet and Mr Nowacki are not personally liable to Mr Low as there is no
claim made against them in negligent misrepresentation in the statement of
claim. Therefore, Mr Low’s claims against them are dismissed.

(c) Mr Low has validly rescinded the SHA, such that LogicMills is entitled to
have the shares held by Mr Low in LA transferred back to LogicMills.

(d) LogicMills is liable to Mr Low for the sum of $577,625 in damages.

111 I will hear parties on costs.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Raymond Lye and Ooi Jian Yuan (Union Law LLP) for the claimant;

The third defendant represented the first defendant;

The second and third defendants in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 09 May 2023 (10:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

