Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Family Justice Courts of the Republic of Singapore

[2023] SGHCF 44

Divorce (Transferred) No 2566 of 2021 (Summons No 1745 of 2023)

Between

| DDO  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| DDN  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Family Law — Custody — Access]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
DDO

  
v

  

DDN

[2023] SGHCF 44

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred)
No 2566 of 2021 (Summons No 1745 of 2023)  
Chan Seng Onn SJ  
30 August 2023

24 October 2023

Chan Seng Onn SJ:

Introduction

1 Parties married on 24 June 2006. They have two children. Interim Judgment
was granted on 13 October 2021 on the basis of the parties’ unreasonable
behaviour.

2 Following a series of mediation sessions, parties agreed to a “By Consent”
order (“the Access Orders”) as recorded in the Interim Judgment, granting the
father generous access to the children. Briefly, the Access Orders provided
for the father’s access to the children on Thursdays (after school) to Sundays
before noon and school holidays. The Access Orders also allowed the father to
have both overnight access within the stipulated days and the right to take
the children overseas during the June and November/December school holidays.

3 The mother commenced FC/SUM 1745/2023 (“SUM 1745”) to vary the Access
Orders. She sought significant variations to reduce the father’s access to the
children on the following terms:

(a) reasonable access to the father in the form of weekly outings on weekends
to be arranged directly with the children; and

(b) no more overseas and overnight access to the father.

4 On 30 August 2023, I heard SUM 1745 together with other ancillary matters in
HC/DT 2566/2021 (“DT 2566”) relating to, among other things, the division of
parties’ matrimonial assets and issues of maintenance.

5 Having considered the parties’ submissions and the evidence in SUM 1745, I
agreed with the mother that the father’s access ought to be reduced. I arrived
at my decision on the essential ground that it was in the children’s welfare
having regard to the evidence placed before the court to reduce the father’s
access by removing principally his overseas and overnight access to the
children. As the father has appealed against my decision in SUM 1745, I set
out my reasons below.

Background

6 The salient facts in relation to the Access Orders sought to be varied in
SUM 1745 can be briefly stated.

The family

7 Both parties are 43 years old. “[DDO]” is the mother and applicant of SUM
1745. She is presently employed as a teacher. The father, “[DDN]”, works as a
doctor.

8 The first child to the marriage (their daughter, “[B]”) was born on [x]
September 2008 and is presently 15 years old. The second child to the marriage
(their son, “[C]”) was born on [x] February 2011 and is presently 12 years
old.

The litigation

9 The mother commenced divorce proceedings on 1 June 2021.

10 Parties subsequently underwent mediation sessions at the Child Focused
Resolution Centre. They agreed to let the divorce proceed on an uncontested
basis 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions Ancillary Matters Hearing (“DWS”) at para 3.

and agreed to the entry of a “By Consent” Order with respect to the issues of
custody, care and control of and access to the children. The agreed terms were
recorded in the Interim Judgment. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at p 20.

11 More crucially for our purposes, I set out in full the Access Orders, which
were made in the following terms: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at pp 20–21.

b. The [father] shall have access to both children as follows: -

i. Thursdays (after school) to Sundays before noon;

ii. Liberty to place calls to children on days where he has no access;

iii. Parties to share June and November/December school holidays equally. If
parties are unable to agree, the default arrangement would be the [mother]
having the second half from 2021 and on odd years while the [father] to have
the first half in 2021 and on each odd year. From 2022, the [mother] to have
the first half and the [father] to have the second half and this shall be the
arrangement on the even years;

iv. Both parties are at liberty to travel overseas during their respective
half share of the June and November/December holidays;

v. The [father] to give reasonable notice of at least one month before each
trip together with confirmed bookings and the passports shall be handed to him
at least two days before departure and to be returned to the [mother] within
two days after each trip with the children;

vi. Both parties to have telephone access when the children are overseas with
the other parent; and

vii. That any additional time, ad hoc arrangements, or changes to the times
agreed, dates or pickup places for access shall be discussed and mutually
agreed between parties.

12 In SUM 1745, the mother sought to vary the Access Orders as set out in sub-
paragraphs 3(b)(i) to 3(b)(vii) of the Interim Judgment. The mother alleged
that material developments had occurred since the Interim Judgment was granted
justifying a variation of the Access Orders. She requested that the Access
Orders be varied as follows: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Summons for variation of judgment / order dated 1 June 2023 at prayer 1.

a. That there be reasonable access in the form of weekly outings on weekends
to be arranged directly with the children.

b. That there be no overseas or overnight access.

The parties’ cases

13 Counsel for the mother argued that the material change of circumstances
would be the father’s conduct following the recording of these by-consent
orders at mediation. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 8 lines 10–11.

14 According to the mother, the variation should be granted for the following
reasons: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 18.

(a) Since the granting of the Access Orders, the father had not utilised any
of the overnight or overseas access, spending very little time with the
children. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 18(a).

(b) The father’s true intentions in seeking generous overnight access were, in
fact, part of a scheme to reduce his maintenance liability to them. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 18(b).

(c) The liberal access given placed the children at risk by virtue of the
negative influence of the father’s promiscuous lifestyle. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at paras 18(c)–18(e).

The mother cited instances such as the father’s unhealthy obsession with
pornography, his procurement of sexual services from employees of a local
public hospital and his leaving of various sexual objects around the house
where they could be seen by the children.

15 In resisting the variation application, the father submitted that the
mother had not adduced any evidence to support her allegations of there being
a material change in circumstances to justify a reduction of his access. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DWS at para 195.

The father stressed that the burden was on the mother to prove such a material
change in circumstances. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DWS at paras 191–193.

In any event, even if there had been such evidence, the father maintained that
the Access Orders should remain as it would still be in the children’s best
interests for their father to continue spending as much time as possible with
them. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DWS at paras 9 and 196.

The issue to be determined

16 The key issue for determination was whether there had been a material
change in circumstances to warrant a variation of the Access Orders.

Should the matter be heard before the Family Court or the Family Division of
the High Court if a dispute arose as to whether the pool of matrimonial assets
crossed the $5m threshold?

17 Preliminarily, an issue was raised by counsel for the father that the
present matter (ie, SUM 1745), including all the other ancillary matters,
should not have been fixed for hearing before the Family Division of the High
Court (the “Family Division”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 2 lines 16–19.

This was because there was a dispute as to whether the pool of matrimonial
assets had crossed the threshold of $5m for the matter to be heard by the
Family Division.

18 As a matter of practicality, where a dispute arises in the course of the
ancillary hearing as to whether the value of the matrimonial assets exceeds
the $5m threshold, the case can continue to be heard in the Family Division.
It is, after all, the superior court. The rationale for this can be seen in
the following hypothetical. Let’s say, one party takes the position that the
pool of matrimonial assets ought to be valued at $3m. The other party disputes
this, arguing that the value should be $8m instead. Let’s assume that the case
is then adjourned by the Family Division to be transferred to and refixed for
hearing before the Family Court. Should the Family Court determine the pool to
be $3m, ie, below the threshold of $5m, then all is well and the hearing for
the ancillary matters may proceed before the Family Court. However, should the
Family Court find that the value ought to be $8m, ie, above the $5m threshold,
what then? The Family Court would have to adjourn the hearing and transfer the
ancillary matters to be refixed for hearing before the Family Division. We
would be back to square one with the case eventually being pushed back to the
Family Division. Thus, as a matter of practicality, it cannot be right that
where the ancillary matters have already been placed before this court to be
heard and the registry has already allocated the date and time for the Family
Division to hear them that the ancillary matters should now be transferred
back down to the Family Court merely because of an issue raised by one party
over whether the value of the matrimonial pool exceeds the $5m threshold. The
present case having come before this court – the superior court – the matter
should thus be heard and settled here and now. This would be both an
expeditious and efficient usage of judicial resources. The date and time
already allocated for the hearing by the Family Division would also not be
wasted.

19 Any concern that this approach may prejudice either party is allayed when
we consider that costs may be awarded on either the High Court or the Family
Court basis depending on the finding of the Family Division on the true total
net value of the matrimonial asset pool. On the one hand, should it be found
that the net value of the matrimonial asset pool is above the $5m threshold,
costs would accordingly be assessed on the High Court basis. On the other
hand, should it be found that the net value of the matrimonial asset pool
falls below the $5m threshold, then depending on the particular facts and
circumstances of the case, the costs could be assessed on the Family Court
basis at the discretion of the judge hearing the ancillary matters.

Whether a variation of the Access Orders should be granted

20 I turn now to the merits of the variation application. The law in this area
is settled. The court is empowered to vary an access order where there has
been a material change in the circumstances pursuant to s 128 of the Women’s
Charter 1961 (2020 Rev Ed) (“WC”). It is trite that the applicant, being the
mother in this case, bears the burden of establishing a material change in
circumstances justifying this court’s intervention with the Access Orders. In
making this determination, this court must be mindful that the children’s
welfare is the paramount consideration: see BNS v BNT [2015] 3 SLR 973 at
[19].

21 As Professor Leong explains in her seminal text in Leong Wai Kum,
Principles of Family Law in Singapore (Butterworths Asia, 1997) at p 584
(cited with approval by Debbie Ong JC (as she then was) in AZB v AZC [2016]
SGHCF 1 at [28]), the underlying basis for the court’s power to vary or
discharge a custody, care and control and access order is as follows:

An order of ‘care and control’, ‘custody’ or ‘access’ is of continuing nature.
Indeed, unless the order expressly limits its duration, any of these orders
lasts until the infant ceases to be an infant … upon his or her 21st birthday.
A continuing order is always subject to variation or even discharge. Whenever
an application is made to court that circumstances have changed and in
particular, the welfare of the infant is no longer as well served by the
order, there is opportunity for consideration of variation of any or all of
its terms and, if necessary, its discharge. [emphasis added]

22 From the discussion above, the principal question that I was confronted
with was this: was it in the children’s welfare for their father to now have
less time and, more particularly, to have no more overseas and overnight
access to them? I turn now to the allegations raised by the mother in support
of her application.

The father’s failure to utilise his overnight and overseas access

23 According to the mother, since the granting of the Access Orders, the
father had not utilised any of the overnight or overseas access, spending very
little time with the children. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 18(a).

After the Access Orders were granted, the father reverted to his promiscuous
lifestyle by checking into “sleazy” hotels such as Hotel 81 and Fragrance
Hotel on the same weekends he was supposed to have access to the children. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 15.

According to the mother, the father appeared even to be proud of his sexual
escapades when he insulted the mother in his submissions for FC/SUM 537/2023
(ie, his application to strike out certain portions of the mother’s 1st
affidavit of assets and means dated 31 January 2022), by referring to her as
someone who was “asexual with low libido”.

24 Based on the foregoing, the mother essentially sought to make the point
that the father’s access ought to be reduced on account of him not utilising
any of the overseas or overnight access granted to him. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions for Ancillary Matters and FC/SUM 1745/2023
Hearing on 30 August 2023 (“PWS”) at para 145.

Furthermore, the father’s pride in relation to his promiscuous ways ought to
be taken against him as it would show that allowing the generous Access Orders
to persist would be detrimental to the children’s best interests. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PWS at para 149.

25 As I had indicated to counsel for the mother during the hearing, the rights
of access were ultimately conferred for the father’s benefit, though I
recognised that it would also be in the interest of the children to interact
with their father, which access enabled. The father was, however, conferred a
wide discretion to determine for himself how much of his allowed access he
wished to utilise. He could not be forced to utilise all his rights of access
if he did not wish to make full use of them. While there had been allegations
of the father visiting “sleazy” establishments (to use the mother’s words)
even during times of his access, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 15.

how the father chose to spend his time was his private affair. However, that
did not mean that the father’s non-utilisation of his access rights was
completely irrelevant to the issue of variation. Where the father had
completely or substantially failed to exercise any of his access rights, it
would be relevant to my consideration as to whether there were material
changes in circumstances warranting a variation of the Access Orders.
Specifically, it raised the question of whether the father even required such
access in the first place. Unutilised access served no purpose. The children
should not be kept waiting to be picked up by the father for such access only
to be disappointed by the father who failed to turn up on every occasion for
access as stipulated in the Access Orders. The mother should also not be put
to the unnecessary burden of preparing the children for such access by the
father. In this regard, I was guided by the decision of the court in UUV v UUU
[2020] SGHCF 7 (“UUV”), where Tan Puay Boon JC (at [28]) had varied the access
granted to the father on account of him having failed to exercise his access.
In the words of Tan JC, the “consistent failure to fully utilise his access
suggests that the Husband is, at the very least, unable to spend time with the
Children.” The granting of access in circumstances where the access would not
be utilised could not possibly be in the interests of the children.

26 According to the mother, the father’s overnight and overseas access ought
to be removed as he did not utilise a single overnight or overseas access over
the past two years since the Interim Judgment was granted. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PWS at para 33(e).

In his defence, the father claimed, in relation to his failure to utilise his
overnight access, that it was not the case that he had not even attempted to
exercise his overnight access. He had, in fact, stayed over at the children’s
home from 23 June 2019 to 26 December 2021. He had only stopped staying
overnight from 26 December 2021, the day when the mother assaulted him. In
support of this, the father referred to a police report which had been lodged
over this incident. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Affidavit of Father dated 20 June 2023 at para 40.

The father had since stopped staying over to avert further domestic violence.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Affidavit of Father dated 20 June 2023 at para 41.

27 Upon reviewing the parties’ submissions, I was persuaded that the father’s
persistent failure to exercise his overnight or overseas access was an
important consideration operating against any claim by the father that his
overnight and overseas access rights should be retained. Putting aside the
truth of the father’s defence that his attempts at exercising his overnight
access had been impeded by the mother’s violent tendencies (which I noted was
in any case disputed by the mother), 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PWS at para 151.

I was unable to see how this would have completely precluded the father from
utilising his overnight access to the children over the long period of two
whole years. In fact, if the father’s allegations were true, the risk of
domestic violence erupting provided an even greater reason for the father not
to stay over at the mother’s place during his overnight access to the children
but for him to properly exercise his right to have the children stay over at
his own place of residence instead during his period of access. It would also
not be in the interest of the children’s welfare to observe any more alleged
domestic violence of the mother assaulting the father, which might occur if
the father was going to stay at the mother’s place during the period of his
overnight access to the children.

28 Notwithstanding the above, I was nonetheless cognizant that the court’s
decision in UUV to reduce the father’s access did not hinge solely on the
father’s failure to fully utilise his access. According to the court (UUV at
[31]), apart from the father’s failure to utilise his access, the additional
difficulties in implementing the liberal access terms and the eventuality of
the parties not staying together under the same roof warranted a reduction in
the father’s access. Accordingly, it was relevant to consider the other
allegations raised by the mother to justify depriving the father of his
overseas and overnight access. On this front, the mother’s allegation that the
present generous access would place the children at risk by virtue of the
negative influence of the father’s sexual promiscuity deserved closer
scrutiny. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at paras 18(c)–18(e).

According to the mother, the father’s sexual promiscuity manifested in the
following manner:

(a) An unhealthy obsession with sex with underage girls and pornography: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 18(c); PWS at para 146(b).

The father had an unhealthy obsession with sex with underage girls and
pornography, watching obscene videos without having the decency of using
headphones. He would even watch pornography in the car before visiting his
mother, after dropping off his friend and before picking the children up.

(b) Procurement of paid sex services: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS at para 146(c).

The father had procured sexual services on multiple occasions with unknown
female individuals (including employees of a local public hospital). He would
also have conversations with his former junior college teacher (“[E]”), where
they would discuss their sexual conquests of various women, most of whom were
underage girls.

(c) Nonchalant attitude towards the leaving of sexual objects around the
house: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 18(e).

He had left condoms, sexual stimulation pills and lubricants around the house
in places easily seen by the children.

(d) Risk of putting the children in harm’s way by leaving them in the care of
his similarly promiscuous friends: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 11(c); PWS at para 146(a).

The father was outsourcing the care of their children to his friends, namely,
[E] and [F]. According to the mother, these were the same friends who had not
only encouraged the father on his sexual escapades but also introduced
underage girls to him for sex. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PWS at para 146(a).

29 I deal with these allegations in turn.

The father’s promiscuous lifestyle and the risk posed to the children’s safety

30 Dealing first with the mother’s allegation that the father had left condoms
and various sexual stimulants around the house in full view of the children, I
was not persuaded that the mother has discharged her burden of proving this
allegation based on the evidence.

31 The father denied leaving “condoms, sexual stimulation pills (eg, Cialis)
and lubricants lying around the house (in full view of our children)”. The
only evidence adduced by the mother 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 18(e); PWS at para 146(d).

was the email found at pages 126 to 127 of the mother’s affidavit dated 1 June
2023. This email from a “Dr [K]” referred to the contents of an anonymous
feedback by the mother (writing under the pseudonym “Citizen Concerned”) sent
to the father’s previous employer. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at pp 126–127.

This email quoted allegations that the father had “repeatedly engaged in paid
sexual services of a foreign nurse” employed in a public hospital and that
“[s]uch a practice has been happening for years with other working staff”.
None of the mother’s allegations regarding the father’s acts of leaving
condoms, sexual stimulation pills and lubricants around the house were
mentioned in that email. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Affidavit of Father dated 20 June 2023 at para 63.

However, what was clearly suggested was that the father had procured the
sexual services of unknown female individuals. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at Tab-2 pp 31 and 37; Affidavit of
Mother dated 1 June 2023 at p 126.

This was evident from the email referred to above, where the father appeared
to have acknowledged that he had “not done any more of these actions [ie, the
engaging of paid sex with a foreign nurse employed in a public hospital and
with other working staff] ever since the matter had been escalated” and that
the “above incidents did not happen during [his] official work hours”. While
these were strictly events which occurred in the past and might arguably be
said to not reflect any change in circumstances, I nonetheless considered this
to be a relevant consideration for the present variation application. After
all, the mother’s core case centred on her concern that the father posed a
negative influence on the children moving forward, given his history of sexual
promiscuity. Indeed, I was satisfied that the mother’s various allegations of
sexual promiscuity on the father’s part must be considered in their totality
when determining whether the father would exert a negative influence on the
children such that a reduction of his access was warranted in the interest of
their welfare. This being the case, it was thus appropriate to consider the
mother’s other allegations and to consider whether in totality, these
allegations showed that the children would be placed at risk due to the
negative influence of the father’s promiscuous ways.

32 To recapitulate, two other allegations remained to be considered: first,
the father’s unhealthy obsession with sex with underage girls and pornography;
33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at Tab-2 pp 24, 26 and 33.

and second, the potential risk of the children’s care being outsourced to the
friends of the father, [E] and [F], the friends who had encouraged the father
on his sexual escapades and connected him to underage girls for sex. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 11(c); PWS at para 146(a).

To my mind, these were crucial allegations going to the heart of whether there
was a material change justifying a variation of the Access Orders in the
interest of the children’s safety.

33 In support of her allegations, the mother adduced highly probative
transcripts of audio recordings of conversations involving the father. The
authenticity of these audio recordings was not disputed. It was readily
apparent from a review of these transcripts that the mother’s allegations in
so far as they were based on these transcripts were prima facie made out. To
my mind, the transcripts spoke for themselves.

34 I turn first to address the mother’s allegation of the father’s unhealthy
obsession with pornography. From the transcripts, the father’s appetite for
pornography was plain to see. It appeared that the strength of his appetite
was such that his pangs of hunger for pornography could strike at any moment
of the day. There were various instances where the father had been recorded to
have indulged in pornography. For instance, while he was in the car on his
visit to his mother 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at p 26.

and right after dropping off a friend. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at p 24.

In a particularly egregious instance, it appeared that the father had even
watched pornography right after sending the children off into their rooms.
Although it was unclear from the transcripts if the father had watched
pornography while “in front of the children” as submitted by counsel for the
mother, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 27 lines 19–28.

it was however evident that the father had been watching pornography
immediately after sending the children off to their rooms. In the transcripts,
the sounds were transcribed as “[l]oud moaning of people engaged in sexual
activity”. From the above, the father’s consumption of pornography could
reasonably be said to border on an obsession and to be reflective of his
lustful nature. Indeed, this cohered with the numerous instances, as laid out
above, of the father’s sexual escapades. Again, whatever the father’s
pornographic tendencies, this was generally a matter falling within his
private life. The same applied to the father’s alleged patronage of the
services of prostitutes. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 18 line 24; Affidavit of Mother
dated 1 June 2023 at para 30.

Obviously, the father was no saint. Although the law would not go so far as to
expect him to live up to saintly standards, the law would expect the father
not to place his children in harm’s way.

35 It was with this expectation of the law in mind that I turn to address the
mother’s allegation that allowing the father continued generous access would
place the children in harm’s way. According to the mother, there was a risk
that the children’s safety would be imperilled by the father’s promiscuous
ways. This risk was borne out by the transcripts recording a discussion
between the father and his friend, namely, [E], to outsource the care of the
children to [E] and [F]. The mother stressed that these were the very same
friends who had encouraged the father on his sexual escapades and who had even
introduced underage girls to him for sex. It must be said in no uncertain
terms that the mother’s allegations in this regard were extremely serious. If
true, they would disclose criminal offences under the WC and the Penal Code.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 13 lines 12–14.

With this in mind, a careful review of the evidence was imperative. Counsel
for the father rightfully conceded that should the mother’s allegations be
proven true, it necessarily followed that the father’s overnight and overseas
access must be restricted in the interest of the children’s safety. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 33 lines 8–16.

I agreed. This court could not simply stand idly by in the face of such a
risk. The paramount consideration of the children’s welfare and safety must
mandate a reduction of the father’s access.

36 Having reviewed the relevant transcripts of the audio recordings, I was
satisfied that some of the mother’s assertions were sufficiently borne out by
the evidence such that the removal of the father’s overnight and overseas
access was justified. The risk of harm to the children especially to the
15-year-old daughter B appeared to be real and not one which might be
disregarded because it was wholly fanciful in nature.

37 Essentially, the mother’s evidence hinged on the transcripts of
conversations between the father and his friend, [E]. [E] was stated to be the
father’s former Tamil teacher from his junior college days. I turn now to the
relevant transcripts. First, there was a conversation between the father and
[E] where the following remarks were exchanged regarding two 14-year-old
girls, [H] and [J]: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at p 37.

[E]: Hmm… Now… after coming here, I’ll introduce you; you should have sex with
that [H].

[Father]: Hmm…

[E]: You should have sex with [J]. (*Inaudible) The girl came here, right… A
young girl of 14 years also came here, right?

[Father]: Ah Okay.

[E]: So, no, no…this girl… Can’t tell…

[Father]: Ah yeah, now cannot…

[E]: I said, “Let her go to toilet, then I’ll tell”. Then when that girl went
to toilet, I asked her to tell the joke which she wanted to tell me. She was
very eager to listen to ‘A jokes’…

[Father]: Yes. Correct.

[E]: I said in the class, “you keep shouting and you are mischievous…please
roll up your tail (mischievousness), otherwise I’ll cut it”. Immediately
another one says…look at how much wish the girl has… she said he doesn’t have
tail on her back, sir, it is in the front. Hahahha (*Laughs) … aiyoyoh… The
jokes are super…She asked if he had such a big tail. I said, “When do I get to
see that?”

(*Laughs) That kind of a girl she is…

*Song playing in the background

[E]: Likes “A Jokes” that much…

[Father]: Hmm…

[emphasis added]

38 The implications of the words exchanged above were self-evident: the
father’s lustful desire extended not just to prostitutes and pornography – it
even extended to his desire to have sex with underage girls. It was unknown
precisely how many underage girls with whom the father had expressed a desire
to have sex. However, what was apparent from the face of the excerpts was that
at least two underage girls by the names of [J] and [H] were being introduced
to the father by his friend [E] so that the father could have sex with them.
According to counsel for the mother, [H] was a student in [E]’s Tamil class.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 20 line 18.

From the above, there was even a suggestion that the father had, in fact,
already met [J] and perhaps also [H] stating that “[t]he girl came here,
right… A young girl of 14 years also came here, right?” 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 20 lines 26–28.

39 In another undated conversation between the father and [E], it could be
seen that [E] had been introducing underage girls of around 14 to 15 years of
age to the father. According to [E], the father was still interested in
underage girls. [E] said to the father, “If it is eighteen, it will be
okay…but you are still in for fourteen and fifteen ….”, to which the father
acknowledged by laughing. One of these underage girls introduced to the father
went by the name of [G]. To this, the father had even sought the contact
number of [G] from [E]: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at p 31.

[E]: A lot of girls have been telling they want to come with us. But if it’s
you and [F], then it is fine. We can ask them to come.

[Father]: Oh, okay. As in…Are you referring to the evening or?

[E]: Evening, evening only. Who? Our [G], [H], this group…

[Father]: Oh, okay.

[E]: And there is another young damsel. Young one.

[Father]: Hmm….

[E]: I have told her about you too. She is of fourteen, fifteen years of age.

[Father]: Hmm…

[E]: They also want to meet.

[Father]: Okay.

[E]: Okay, I’ll tell. Firstly, I will go and come back. Then you can meet up
when I am coming back. If it is eighteen, it will be okay…but you are still in
for fourteen and fifteen…

[Father]: Ha..ha (Laughing)

[E]: They are good girls and wonderful girls. They don’t know how much love to
show. They will show that much of love, lovely children. That day [G] asked,
“Even I thought of meeting the doctor, but then I will leave it as I did not
want to disturb him”. Okay, no problem.

[Father]: I don’t have the number. Later you can message the number

[E]: Yes. Yes.

[Father]: If you have WhatsApp, share the contact.

[E]: Yes, I have. I’ll do it after alighting. Stuck in the pants…

[emphasis added]

40 Turning next to another conversation between the father and [E], there was
even a suggestion for the children to be placed in the hands of either [E] and
[F]: 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at pp 27–28.

[E]: Those are not of any issues. There are so many people in this world for
that. We engage one of such and today everything on phone is via Zoom… you can
talk nicely. Have you studied, okay? Have you done everything, okay… I’ll come
now and bring you with me…like that… Okay, let’s say a situation like this has
come… I will come, I will take care of the children, I will bring them… Even
though I am not able to be there often, whenever I come, I can consider and
bring them for dinner? Why are you thinking?

[Father]: Okay.

[E]: No, you can also tell [F]. If [F] is free, you can ask him to bring them
out to eat; he will bring them.

[Emphasis added]

41 As stated above (see above at [36] to [39]), the words exchanged were
evident of the father’s lustful desire which extended not merely to
prostitutes and pornography but also to sex with underage girls. Even if I
were to accept that the father’s predilection for underage girls was a private
matter of his, putting aside the question of whether it would amount to a
crime, the conversation above at [40] at least established that the father had
been open to the possibility of placing the care of his children in the hands
of [E] and [F]. [E], apparently a close friend of the father for many years,
had been introducing underage girls to the father for sex and had been
encouraging the father to have sex with them. It would be a dereliction of
this court’s duty to turn a blind eye to the potential risk that this
arrangement being explored of placing the children under the care of [E] and
[F] would pose to the safety of the children. One would readily understand the
mother’s concern in relation to the potential risk of harm to both her young
children, a daughter and a son, being placed in the hands of middle-aged men
such as [E], a Tamil teacher who had been introducing underage girls, sourced
from his own students, to other men for sex.

42 Accordingly, it was clear from the excerpts referred to above that the
evidence from the audio recordings substantially supported the mother’s
allegations against the father. The critical question then was whether the
father could credibly rebut the audio recordings produced by the mother. While
the father had initially suggested in his affidavit that the audio recordings
of his pornography use 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Affidavit of Father dated 20 June 2023 at para 55.

and conversations with [E] 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Affidavit of Father dated 20 June 2023 at para 57.

which the mother relied on had been “fabricated”, counsel for the father had
since conceded the authenticity of the recordings. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 16 lines 3–26.

Accordingly, the contents of the audio recordings were undisputed. What
remained in dispute was the intended meaning behind the conversations in these
recordings. In this regard, counsel for the father sought to explain away
these recordings on two bases:

(a) First, there was no truth to the allegations because the mother had
omitted to highlight all the transcripts of the audio recording and therefore,
the father’s words had been “taken out of context”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 16 lines 24–26; Certified
Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 30 line 14; Certified Transcript dated 30
August 2023 at p 31 line 20 to p 32 line 3.

(b) Second, while the audio recordings were authentic, the father had intended
his words to be a “joke” 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 32 lines 5–13.

or mere “locker room talk”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 16 line 11.

As counsel for the father rightfully acknowledged, if it was found that the
words were not intended to be a joke and that the father had meant what he
said, this was sufficient justification to grant a variation of the Access
Orders in the interest of the children’s safety. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 33 lines 8–15.

43 I was not satisfied that the father provided a credible explanation for the
audio recordings on either basis.

44 Regarding the first basis that the transcripts had been taken out of
context, I observed earlier at the hearing that any such argument must be
backed up with evidence. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 30 lines 14–17.

Having produced the relevant snippets of the transcripts setting out the
father’s obsession with sex with underage girls and pornography and his
conversations with [E] on outsourcing the care of the children to [E] and [F],
the evidential burden shifted from the mother to the father to produce the
other parts of the transcripts revealing the so-called “context” upon which he
relied. A bare assertion that his words or the conversations were taken out of
context was insufficient. That said, counsel for the father conceded that
there was no other evidence showing the purported “context” which would have
clarified the father’s words or the conversations in those transcripts. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 31 line 22 to p 32 line 13.

Instead, counsel for the father sought to advance his fall-back position that
the words were intended to be a “joke”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 31 line 22 to p 32 line 13.

This led me to the second basis relied on by the father.

45 Regarding the second basis, I was not satisfied that the father’s words or
the conversations in the relevant audio recordings could be taken as mere
“jokes” or “locker room talk”. As I observed above (see above at [36] to
[39]), the transcripts of the audio recordings of the conversations were, on
their face, highly probative evidence as to the father’s sexual proclivity
towards underage girls. The father’s argument that the conversations were
intended to be jokes might have been given more credibility had the words
exchanged formed part of a one-off conversation with nothing else happening
and with no further action intended to follow through on those words. However,
such an argument lost all force when I considered that in one conversation [E]
mentioned that the father had actually met up with the underage girl [J] and
perhaps also with [H], and in another conversation the father appeared also to
be so interested in having the contact details of another underage girl [G]
that he in fact asked [E] for the contact details of [G] to which [E] said
would be provided to the father later on. Given the nature and context of the
conversations, I was not able to regard these conversations as mere jokes or
“locker room talk”. I could also not see how [E]’s conversation with the
father on the possibility of outsourcing of the children to the care of [E]
and [F] (presumably on occasions of access when the father was not free to
take care of them) could be a mere joke or “locker room talk”. There was
nothing funny in that conversation.

46 Next, counsel for the father submitted that it did not lie in the mouth of
the mother to rely on the conversations considered above given that she had
previously accepted the father’s words to be mere jokes. In support, counsel
referred me to communications made between the parties during mediation. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 35 lines 23–28.

However, even if such communications showed that the mother had accepted the
father’s words and the conversations to be jokes, it should be ultimately
borne in mind the bedrock principle that communications made in the course of
mediation were subject to the protection of confidentiality: see ss 9 and 10
of the Mediation Act 2017 (2020 Rev Ed). Accordingly, I declined to consider
any evidence of what the mother had purportedly said during the mediation, and
I therefore rejected the argument that the mother herself had accepted during
the mediation that the father’s words and/or the conversations were meant to
be mere jokes. In any event, whether the conversations between the father and
[E] in the audio recording amounted to jokes would have to be objectively
considered by the court and would not be dependent on the opinion of or
interpretation by the mother as to whether the father and [E] were joking at
that time.

47 Counsel for the father then ventured further to submit that even accepting
the allegations to be true, these audio recordings were all known to the
mother at the time she consented to the Access Orders. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 30 lines 18–25; see also
Affidavit of Father dated 20 June 2023 at paras 49, 55 and 60.

Again, I did not accept counsel’s submission that her prior knowledge of the
contents of the audio recordings which were in her possession prior to the
making of the Access Orders by consent would preclude her from succeeding in
this application for variation. Disregarding whatever had been communicated at
the mediation sessions, the mother had since affirmed in her affidavit filed
in relation to these proceedings that she had been willing and able “to put
aside [her] reservations” in consenting to the Access Orders. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DWS at para 208; Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 15.

Now that this court was made aware of the risk to the children’s safety, this
court’s intervention in varying the Access Orders in the interest of the
children’s welfare would have to follow. For one, I was unable to see how the
mother’s concession that she was willing “to put aside [her] reservations” in
agreeing to the Access Orders necessarily meant that she had consented to
waive all her future rights following the entry of the Access Orders to apply
for a variation of the Access Orders should the circumstances warrant it.
Indeed, the gravamen of the mother’s concern really was that prior to parties
agreeing to the Access Orders, she had consented to the father’s request for
generous access as she believed that it would have been in the interest of
children to spend meaningful time with the father. The mother had held out
hope that with generous access, the father would spend time with the children
and also mend his ways and devote more time to care for them. However,
immediately after the Access Orders were granted in October 2021, the father
reverted to his old ways and stopped his regular visits to their children.

48 Putting aside the question of the mother’s prior knowledge of the father’s
promiscuous ways before she consented to the Access Orders, the overall
welfare and best interests of the children would remain paramount in such
variation applications. This was stated in ATS v ATT [2013] SGHC 156 at [11],
where the court referred to s 125 of the WC, which states that the child’s
welfare is the “paramount consideration”. In the same vein, it was stated by
the learned authors of Law and Practice of Family Law in Singapore (Valerie
Thean J and Foo Siew Fong eds) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2nd Ed, 2022) (“Law and
Practice of Family Law in Singapore”) at para 7.4.39 that “[t]he court can
deny access if it is established that access will not be in the best interests
of the child”. As I had stressed to counsel for the father at the hearing, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Certified Transcript dated 30 August 2023 at p 31 lines 13–19.

even if the mother had both knowledge of and accepted the father’s
lasciviousness, this Court could not stand idly by in the face of evidence
pointing to a real risk that the children might be placed in harm’s way (see
above at [41]).

49 For the reasons stated above, I agreed with the mother that the removal of
the father’s overseas and overnight access was justified, given the father’s
non-utilisation of such access and more importantly, the risk of harm posed to
the children by the father’s negative influence and his discussion with his
friend [E] for both [E] and [F] to take care of the children [B] and [C] from
time to time, bearing particularly in mind that [E] had been introducing
underage girls to the father (and possibly other men too) for sex. What
remained clear to me, however, was that the removal of the father’s overseas
and overnight access would be in the best interests of the children in all the
circumstances of this case.

50 This leaves me to address one last point raised by the mother: the father
had all along been scheming to reduce his maintenance liability. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at para 18(b); Certified Transcript
dated 30 August 2023 at p 26 lines 2–17.

In support of this, the mother adduced two transcripts of conversations
between the father and his friend, [E]. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Affidavit of Mother dated 1 June 2023 at pp 29–30.

I accepted that there had been, at the very least, some discussion between the
two of the possibility of the father reducing his maintenance liability as
seen from the following statement by the father: “if I strategize a bit, I can
save some money, that’s all…” However, it was not altogether clear to me that
the brief discussion between the father and [E] showed that a scheme along the
lines as alleged by the mother had thereby been concocted. For this reason, I
would disregard the mother’s allegation on this front.

The appropriate scope of access

51 Having regard to the totality of the evidence of the father’s non-
utilisation of his overseas and overnight access, his sexual promiscuity and
sexual disposition towards sex with underage girls, his negative influence and
the discussion on possibly farming out the children to be looked after by [E]
and [F] from time to time, and the potential harm to the children arising
therefrom, I found that a targeted variation to the Access Orders was
appropriate to reduce the risk to the children’s safety and in the overall
interest of the children’s welfare. I was satisfied that the change in
circumstances clearly justified a termination of the father’s overseas and
overnight access to the children.

52 That was not to say that the father’s access to the children should be
entirely denied. Although I was mindful of the risk to the children’s safety,
this risk ought to be counter-balanced by the children’s interest for the
father to be granted some opportunity to fulfil his fatherly role to the
children. After all, access is the “right of the child to spend time and to
maintain a consistent relationship with the parent who does not reside with
them”: see Law and Practice of Family Law in Singapore at para 7.4.38. Hence,
I was of the view that the father should retain reasonable access to the
children during the daytime of stipulated days of the week on Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Sundays, and on special occasions such as public holidays, the
eve of the children’s birthdays and the father’s birthday. In ordering these
variations, I considered further the mother’s concern that the children had to
be provided ample time to spend on their studies ahead of their upcoming major
examinations because [B] would be sitting for her O-Level Examinations in
2024, and [C] would be sitting for his PSLE this year in 2023. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

PWS at para 160.

[B] was also expected to embark on his secondary school education next year.
It was hence pertinent that the father’s access to the children should be
tailored to allow him access on specified days of the week, including a day on
the weekends, to minimise disruption to the children’s studies. To my mind,
restricting the father’s access to certain stipulated days of the week, one
weekend, and public holidays should sufficiently allay the mother’s concern
for the educational needs of the children.

53 To facilitate communication between the father and the children, I also
granted the father the liberty to place calls to the children on days when he
would have no access to them. Should the father desire additional access, I
allowed the father to arrange this directly with the children, subject to the
mutual agreement of the father and the children. As per the court’s decision
in UOW v UOX [2022] SGFC 81 at [34], it was necessary for the court to review
the access arrangements with a view to reducing conflict between the parents.
I was satisfied that the variations as set out above would go some way towards
reducing conflict between the parents and would be in the best interests of
the children.

Conclusion

54 For the reasons stated above, and after consultation with the parties on
what access arrangements (apart from overseas and overnight access) would be
suitable for the parties and the children, I ordered the Access Orders set out
in para 3(b) of the Interim Judgment dated 13 October 2021 to be varied as
follows: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Minute Sheet dated 30 August 2023 for FC/SUM 1745/2023 at p 3.

(a) Reasonable access to the father as follows (subject to the children’s
agreement to the schedule below):

(i) Every Tuesday and Thursday from 6pm to 9pm;

(ii) Every Sunday from 10am to 9pm;

(iii) On public holidays, from 10am to 9pm; and

(iv) On the eve of the children’s birthdays and the father’s birthday from 6pm
to 9pm.

(b) Liberty to the father to place calls to the children on the days without
access.

(c) Any additional access to be arranged directly and mutually agreed with the
children.

(d) Overseas and overnight access to be terminated.

Chan Seng Onn  
Senior Judge  
---  
  
Tan Siew Kim and Loo Liang Zhi (M/s Sterling Law Corporation) for the
applicant;

Danker Geralyn Germaine and Isabel Ho (Titanium Law Chambers LLC) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Oct 2023 (13:32 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

