Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 16

Originating Summons No 553 of 2021 (Registrar’s Appeal No 315 of 2022)

Between

| The Star Pty Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Guoxing Cui  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Conflict Of Laws — Foreign judgments — Recognition — Judgment given in
foreign court on gambling debt — Whether Singapore courts precluded from
recognising foreign judgment on grounds of public policy — Section 5(2) Civil
Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) — Section 3(2)(f) Reciprocal Enforcement of
Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed)]

[Courts and Jurisdiction — Court judgments — Binding force — Stare decisis —
Earlier decision of Court of Appeal regarded by subsequent Court of Appeal as
incorrect in obiter dicta — Whether High Court bound by earlier decision of
Court of Appeal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
The Star Pty Ltd

  
v

  

Guoxing Cui

[2023] SGHC 16

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 553 of 2021
(Registrar’s Appeal No 315 of 2022)  
Chan Seng Onn SJ  
19 December 2022

20 January 2023

Chan Seng Onn SJ:

Introduction

1 This was not the first time the court has had to consider the question of
whether foreign judgments based upon gambling debts may be registered under
the Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“RECJA”). In Liao Eng Kiat v Burswood Nominees Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 690
(“Burswood Nominees”), the Court of Appeal held that section 3(2)(f) of RECJA
read together with section 5(2) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“CLA”) did not preclude registration of such foreign judgments. In The Star
Entertainment QLD Ltd v Yong Khong Yoong Mark [2022] 4 SLR 976 (“The Star
Entertainment”), the High Court considered itself bound by the authority of
Burswood to recognise a similar foreign judgment, notwithstanding obiter dicta
by the Court of Appeal in Poh Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc [2010] 1 SLR 1119
(“Desert Palace”) suggesting that Burswood had been wrongly decided.

2 The present matter likewise concerned an application to register a foreign
judgment based upon a gambling debt. As a result of his gambling activities at
an Australian casino owned by The Star Pty Ltd (“the applicant”), Mr. Guoxing
Cui (“the respondent”) had incurred debts which formed the basis of an
Australian judgment which the applicant subsequently obtained against him
(“the judgment”). When the applicant sought to have the judgment registered in
Singapore, the respondent challenged its registration and sought to have it
set aside on the basis of section 3(1) and 3(2) of the RECJA.

3 After considering the parties’ submissions, I too found myself bound by
Burswood to dismiss the respondent’s appeal, and so declined to set aside the
registration of the judgment. The respondent appealed, and I now give my
reasons.

The parties

4 The applicant operates a casino known as “The Star Sydney”, which was
licensed in New South Wales under the Casino Control Act 1992 (NSW) by the
Casino, Liquor and Gaming Control Authority of New South Wales. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Skeletal Submissions (14 December 2022) at [13].

5 The respondent was a patron of The Star Sydney, who as a result of his
gaming activities there incurred the debts which formed the basis of the
judgment.

Procedural history

6 On 12 February 2021, the applicant obtained judgment against the respondent
for a sum of $6,186,314.72 Australian Dollars from the Supreme Court of New
South Wales. The applicant subsequently filed an application to register the
judgment in Singapore, which was granted on 8 June 2021.

7 On 16 June 2022, the respondent filed an application to set aside
registration of the judgment. This application was heard by the Assistant
Registrar (“the AR”) on 14 October 2022, who declined to set aside the
registration. I then heard the respondent’s appeal against the AR’s decision.

The respondent’s submissions

8 The respondent argued that the registration of the judgment ought to be set
aside pursuant to Order 67 Rule 9(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014
Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”), which states:

(3) Where the Court hearing an application to set aside the registration of a
judgment registered under the first Act is satisfied that the judgment falls
within any of the cases in which a judgment may not be ordered to be
registered under section 3(2) of that Act or that it is not just or convenient
that the judgment should be enforced in Singapore or that there is some other
sufficient reason for setting aside the registration, it may order the
registration of the judgment to be set aside on such terms as it thinks fit.
[emphasis added]

9 As he relied on both the section 3(2) and the “not just or convenient”
grounds as bases upon which to set aside the recognition of the judgment, I
briefly lay out his arguments in respect of each.

Section 3(2) of the RECJA

10 Section 3(2)(f) of the RECJA provides that no foreign judgment shall be
ordered to be registered if:

(f) the judgment was in respect of some cause of action which for reasons of
public policy or for some other similar reason could not have been entertained
by the registering court.

11 Where foreign judgments based on gambling debts are concerned, the relevant
public policy is that captured in section 5(2) of the CLA, which provides
that:

(2) No action shall be brought or maintained in the court for recovering any
sum of money or valuable thing alleged to be won upon any wager or which has
been deposited in the hands of any person to abide the event on which any
wager has been made.

12 In short, as section 5(2) of the CLA precludes the court from entertaining
any action brought to recover a debt arising out of gambling, section 3(2)(f)
of the RECJA would in turn preclude the registration of any foreign judgment
based on such a debt.

13 Additionally, Burswood’s holding that section 3(2)(f) of the RECJA did not
preclude recognition of foreign judgments based on gambling debts should not
be followed. The subsequent decision of Desert Palace had commented that
Burswood was “unsound and should be reviewed”. Burswood’s imposition of a
“higher threshold” of public policy which must be met for registration of a
foreign judgment to be refused was inconsistent with the plain wording of
section 3(2)(f) of the RECJA. Even if it was not, the statutory public policy
as articulated in section 5(2) of the CLA should be considered “more
fundamental” than common law public policy, and should be sufficient to meet
any higher threshold necessary for registration to be refused or set aside.

“Not just or convenient” under Order 67 Rule 9(3) of the ROC

14 The respondent also relied on the phrase “not just or convenient” for
enforcement as a ground for setting aside under Order 67 Rule 9(3) of the ROC
2014. The opposite phrase “just and convenient” for enforcement and ordering
of registration is used in section 3(1) of the RECJA:

3.—(1) Where a judgment has been obtained in a superior court of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland the judgment creditor may apply
to the General Division of the High Court at any time within 12 months after
the date of the judgment, or such longer period as may be allowed by the
General Division of the High Court, to have the judgment registered in the
General Division of the High Court, and on any such application the General
Division of the High Court may, if in all the circumstances of the case it
thinks it is just and convenient that the judgment should be enforced in
Singapore, and subject to this section, order the judgment to be registered
accordingly. [emphasis added]

15 As section 5(2) of the CLA clearly articulates a policy prohibiting the
recovery of gambling debts, allowing enforcement of the judgment would create
a “backdoor” for casinos to enforce such debts. It would create an
“unprincipled” distinction between situations in which creditors directly
bring claims for foreign gambling debts in the Singaporean courts, which the
courts are bound to reject by the Court of Appeal decision of Star City Pty
Ltd (formerly known as Sydney Harbour Casino Pty Ltd) v Tan Hong Woon [2002] 1
SLR(R) 306, and those in which a creditor seeks recognition of a foreign
judgment based on the same gambling debt, which must be recognised as per
Burswood. The fact that Burswood was wrongly decided would mean that following
it would subject the respondent to an erroneous application of the law. In
view of these reasons, recognising the judgment would visit significant
injustice and inconvenience upon the respondent.

16 Crucially, the court is not bound by Burswood to reject such an argument.
Burswood was decided on the basis that section 3(2)(f) of RECJA did not
preclude the registration of a foreign gambling debt. Counsel in Burswood made
no argument on the “not just or convenient” ground, and Burswood had merely
observed that section 3(1) of the RECJA was “an apt provision in resolving the
case”, and found on the facts that the defendant there had failed to make out
that ground. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Respondent’s Skeletal Submissions (14 December 2022) at [3.2.3].

Analysis

17 I found that I remained bound by the authority of Burswood to reject the
respondent’s submissions, in respect of both section 3(2)(f) and section 3(1)
of the RECJA.

Section 3(2) of the RECJA

18 Burswood’s holding that section 3(2)(f) of the RECJA read with section 5(2)
of the CLA does not preclude registration of foreign judgments based on
gambling debts remains binding precedent under the doctrine of stare decisis.
As noted by The Star Entertainment at [15], Desert Palace was concerned with
the registration of a foreign judgment not under RECJA but at common law. Its
observations that Burswood was “unsound”, had “no legal basis” to impose a
higher public policy threshold into section 3(2)(f) of the RECJA, and should
have been decided differently, were therefore all ultimately obiter. I also
echo The Star Entertainment’s observation at [15], that Desert Palace, in
commenting that Burswood “should be reviewed if a similar issue were to come
before this court in the future” (at [114]), made clear that it was not
overruling Burswood. Like the court in The Star Entertainment, I was therefore
bound to reject the respondent’s attempt to set aside the registration of the
judgment on the basis of section 3(2)(f) of the RECJA.

“Just and convenient” under s 3(1) of the RECJA

19 It is clear from the wording of section 3(1) of the RECJA that the court
only has discretion to register a foreign judgment if it thinks it “just and
convenient” that the judgment should be enforced in Singapore. Thus, while
Burswood was largely concerned with section 3(2)(f) of the RECJA, it also had
regard to s 3(1) of the RECJA and made the following finding on whether it
would not be just and convenient to register the judgment with which it was
concerned (at [47]):

Thus far, the focus of this judgment has been on the public policy exception
laid down in s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA. However, we also think it apt to mention
another provision of the RECJA which was neglected by counsel for both parties
but which we found relevant to the resolution of this case – s 3(1) of the
RECJA. Whilst s 3(2) of the RECJA lays down various restrictions on the
court’s power to order the registration of foreign judgments, s 3(1) of the
RECJA gives the court the general discretion to order the registration of a
foreign judgment if “in all the circumstances of the case [the court] thinks
it is just and convenient that the judgment should be enforced in Singapore”.
In our assessment, Liao had failed signally in his attempt to show that it was
not just and convenient for us to register the Australian judgment. [emphasis
in original]

20 This inquiry was one to which the court in Burswood would have had to apply
its mind before finding that the judgment with which it was concerned should
be registered, and so forms part of its ratio. Given that it did so find
despite clearly being cognisant of the public policy against gambling captured
in section 5(2) of the CLA, it was not open to me to find that the very same
public policy rendered it not just or convenient to enforce and hence register
the judgment for the purposes of its enforcement, which was similar to if not
legally indistinguishable from those whose recognition was at issue in
Burswood and The Star Entertainment. To have held otherwise would be to read
the “not just or convenient” ground as license for the High Court to freely
depart from the binding authority of the Court of Appeal, whenever it might
feel that the equities of the instant case warrant doing so.

Conclusion

21 For the reasons above, I found myself bound by the authority of Burswood to
find that neither section 3(2)(f) nor section 3(1) barred the registration of
a judgment based on a foreign gambling debt. Being so bound, I dismissed the
respondent’s appeal, and declined to set aside the registration of the
judgment under the RECJA.

Chan Seng Onn

Senior Judge

Lee Ping, Tan Wei Sze and Cristel Chong (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the
appellant;

Yogarajah Yoga Sharmini and Shawn Tien (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 26 Jan 2023 (13:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

