Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 135

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9256 of 2022

Between

| Ow Gan Wee  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Forms of punishment —
Preventive detention]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Persistent offenders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ow Gan Wee

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2023] SGHC 135

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9256/2022  
Vincent Hoong J  
11 May 2023

11 May 2023

Vincent Hoong J (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The appellant, Mr Ow Gan Wee, pleaded guilty to two charges of theft under s
379 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) and s 379 of the Penal Code 1871
(2020 Rev Ed), and one charge of drug possession under s 8(a) of the Misuse of
Drugs Act 1973 (2020 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). The offences were committed between
November 2021 and June 2022. He was sentenced to eight years’ preventive
detention (“PD”). The District Judge’s (“DJ”) grounds of decision can be found
in Public Prosecutor v Ow Gan Wee [2023] SGDC 16.

2 The appellant now appeals against his sentence and submits that an
alternative sentence of seven to eight years’ imprisonment be imposed.

3 The appellant makes the following arguments to show that his sentence is
manifestly excessive:

(a) First, his sentence is disproportionate to the seriousness of his crimes.
He argues that the value of the items he stole was not high, he did not use
criminal force in the commission of his theft offences, he did not have
premeditation, and he did not intend to steal the money in order to purchase
heroin. In addition, the sentence is disproportionate compared to the
sentences imposed in other cases.

(b) Second, the sentence should have taken into account that restitution had
been made for the 2nd, 3rd, and 8th Charges as cash was seized by the police
and subsequently handed back to the victim on the spot.

(c) Third, he submits that the Prosecution should not be so quick to assume
that he would re-offend again.

(d) Fourth, he submits that the DJ failed to place mitigating weight on
several factors. These include:

(i) the fact that the offences arose because he was attempting to go to a
police station to surrender;

(ii) the fact that he suffers from multiple psychiatric conditions;

(iii) taking into account all of his antecedents against him, when only the
theft convictions in 1986, 2006, and 2013 should have been considered;

(iv) relying on the statutory maximum sentence, alleging that the Prosecution
did not look at the specific facts of his case, in particular, that his crime
was not serious;

(v) the fact that the imprisonment term of eight years’ PD would be crushing,
as he would not be able to build up a nest egg for his family; and,

(vi) the fact that after being sentenced, he renounced his gang ties on 20
September 2022 as part of the Gang Renunciation Programme Ceremony and has
“seriously reflect [sic] on [his] life, and resolve[s] finally to live a drug
and crime free life for [his] remaining years upon [his] release”.

4 The relevant test for whether the sentence is manifestly excessive is found
in s 304(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), and Sim
Yeow Kee v Public Prosecutor [2016] 5 SLR 936 (“Sim Yeow Kee”) which I accept
should apply to PD as well.

5 I agree with the DJ that under the first stage of Sim Yeow Kee at [86], the
technical requirements for both Corrective Training (“CT”) and PD were met.

6 I next consider whether it was expedient to sentence the appellant to PD
with a view to his reformation and the prevention of crime.

(a) First, I consider the likely imprisonment term that would be imposed for
the underlying offences. I accept the DJ’s finding that the likely sentence
for the charge under the MDA would be four years’ imprisonment, taking into
account his related antecedents. I also find that the likely sentence for the
theft charges would be two years’ imprisonment. Even though the amount stolen
was not very high, this was the appellant’s sixth conviction for this type of
offence, and the principle of escalation would be relevant.

(b) Next, I consider whether the Mandatory Aftercare Scheme (“MAS”) applies if
the offender were sentenced to regular imprisonment. I agree with the DJ that
the appellant’s eligibility for MAS was a neutral factor.

(c) I then consider whether PD would be unduly disproportionate. Here, the
duration of PD imposed by the DJ was for the same number of years that the
appellant would have been sentenced to under regular imprisonment. It was also
at the lower end of the range of seven to 20 years that PD could have been
imposed for.

7 At this point, I set out my findings on the appellant’s arguments that PD
would be an unduly disproportionate sentence.

(a) I agree with the appellant that his offences may not be the most serious
compared to other offences. I also agree that his theft convictions concern
relatively low value items and cash. However, this must be placed in the
context of the repeated nature of the appellant’s offending, and the need to
protect the public from such crimes. As noted by the Prosecution, the
appellant has had multiple convictions for related offences, and his present
set of offences involve five separate theft offences. It is clear that the
past sentences the appellant has received for such offences have not been
sufficient to deter him from offending. In fact, the timing of the appellant’s
convictions show that he has repeatedly re-offended a mere few months after
each occasion of his release from imprisonment.

(b) In my view, there is insufficient evidence for the appellant’s psychiatric
health to be a mitigating factor in this case. First, the bare assertion of a
psychiatric condition cannot be a mitigating factor: Chew Soo Chun v Public
Prosecutor and another appeal [2016] 2 SLR 78 at [38]–[40]. Second, there is
no evidence or causal link that has been shown between his psychiatric health
and the crimes he committed. Third, to the extent that there is evidence of
the appellant’s psychiatric health in the past, the IMH report from 2013
states that the appellant does not suffer from any mental illness other than
Benzodiazepines and Opioid dependence.

(c) I also note that there is no evidence that the appellant had intended to
surrender to the police. He was either caught red handed or had to be traced
by the police for his offences.

(d) Neither is the fact that cash was recovered from the appellant in relation
to the 2nd, 3rd, and 8th Charges of theft relevant. This is not of mitigating
value as the money was not voluntarily returned, the appellant having been
caught in the act of stealing. In addition, there is no evidence that the DJ
considered this as an aggravating factor in reaching his decision on sentence.

(e) Furthermore, I commend the appellant for his decision to renounce his gang
ties. I note however, that there is no apparent link between these ties and
his present set of offences.

(f) Finally, I also accept that the appellant would suffer financially from
his incarceration for a long period. However, in the absence of exceptional
circumstances, this is not a mitigating factor: Lai Oei Mui Jenny v Public
Prosecutor [1993] 2 SLR(R) 406 at [10]; CCG v Public Prosecutor [2022] SGCA 19
at [6].

8 For the above reasons, I agree with the DJ that it would be expedient for
the protection of the public that the person should be detained in custody for
a substantial period of time, per s 304(2) of the CPC.

9 I conclude by stating that this is not a case where a long imprisonment
sentence is being imposed on a first-time offender for theft and drug
offences. This is a case where the appellant has been given numerous
opportunities by the justice system to come clean and turn over a new leaf. He
was first given a sentence of probation in 1986. He was offered a further
opportunity to reform through the imposition of Reformative Training in 1989.
From 1989 to 1992, he was convicted a further four times, each time being
sentenced to a fine. Despite all this, he continued his spree of offending.
The present imposition of PD comes after two previous stints of CT and
multiple terms of imprisonment, with the appellant reoffending shortly after
his release each time. It is unfortunate that after so many chances to realise
the error of his ways, the appellant has not done so. In fact, in his PD
Suitability Report, it was noted that he “felt disgruntled that his bail kept
getting extended, which allowed him to remain in the community and this
contributed to more opportunities for his other offences to occur”. This way
of thinking shows a lack of remorse that the appellant would do well to
reflect on.

10 In the circumstances, I do not find that the sentence of eight years’ PD
imposed by the DJ is manifestly excessive. I therefore dismiss the appeal
against sentence.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Appellant in person;

Teo Lu Jia (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 May 2023 (11:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

