Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCR 6

Suit No 468 of 2021 (Taking of Accounts and Inquiries No 1 of 2023)

Between

Aw Chee Peng

… Plaintiff

And

Aw Chee Loo

… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Land — Interest in land — Liability of co-owner to account — Section 73A of
the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act]

[Evidence — Admissibility of evidence — Documentary evidence]

[Evidence — Adverse inferences]

[Civil Procedure — Offer to Settle]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Aw Chee Peng

  
v

  

Aw Chee Loo

[2023] SGHCR 6

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 468 of 2021 (Taking of Accounts
and Inquiries No 1 of 2023)  
AR Gan Kam Yuin  
17-19 January 2023

5 June 2023 Judgment reserved

AR Gan Kam Yuin:

Introduction

1 The late great writer F. Scott Fitzgerald is reported to have said, “Family
quarrels are bitter things. They don’t go according to any rules. They’re not
like aches or wounds, they’re more like splits in the skin that won’t heal
because there’s not enough material.” The taking of accounts and inquiries
(“TAI”) which was conducted by me in this case arose out of such a family
quarrel.

Facts

2 The facts of the dispute between the parties in this case, who are brothers,
have been set out in Aw Chee Peng v Aw Chee Loo [2022] 5 SLR 451 (the
“Judgment”) from [3] to [13]. In essence, the brothers were in dispute over
the rental proceeds in respect of two family properties at 12 Jalan Gelenggang
(“No 12”) and 12A Jalan Gelenggang (“No 12A”) (collectively, the
“Properties”). No 12 is on the ground floor and No 12A is above it.

3 The Honourable Judge held that, “the defendant was liable to account
personally to the plaintiff “for receiving more than his share or proportion
of any rents or profits arising from [the Properties]” under s 73A of the
CLPA” 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Judgment at [67]

and found that, “the defendant’s full and unmodified liability to account to
the plaintiff dates from 1 January 2021”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Judgment at [68]

The plaintiff therefore became entitled to an account “for rental income
received from 1 January 2021 onwards”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Judgment at [70]

4 There is another family property at 75 Dedap Road (the “Dedap Residence”).
The parties live at the Dedap Residence together with other family members.
Whilst there is no rental income to account for in relation to the Dedap
Residence, the Dedap Residence is relevant to the TAI of the Properties
because the defendant said that he had incurred expenses for renovation and
maintenance of the Dedap Residence and should be allowed to set off the
plaintiff’s share of those expenses from the account of rental income in
respect of the Properties. I will deal with this below.

5 In the TAI proceedings before me, the plaintiff testified for himself and
relied also on the testimony of three witnesses whose attendance had been
procured by way of subpoena. The defendant testified for himself.

Issues to be determined

6 The central issue before me in this TAI is how much the defendant must pay
the plaintiff for rental income received from the Properties from 1 January
2021 onwards. To address this question, the following sub-issues require
determination:

(a) Issue (1): the amount of rental income received from No 12 for the period
1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022;

(b) Issue (2): the amount of rental income received from No 12A for the period
1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022;

(c) Issue (3): whether the defendant may set off expenses incurred in
connection with the Properties and if so, in what amount; and

(d) Issue (4): whether the defendant may set off expenses incurred in
connection with the Dedap Residence and if so, in what amount.

7 I note here that the plaintiff will be entitled to one-third of the rental
income as he is a one-third owner of the Properties (the other two owners are
the defendant and their father). I will also address, as a fifth issue, the
costs to be awarded in these TAI proceedings.

Issue (1): the amount of rental income received from No 12 for the period 1
January 2021 to 31 December 2022

8 The parties were in agreement that No 12 was rented from (at least) 1
January 2021 onwards at a monthly rental of $7,950.00 until 9 May 2021. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s AEIC p 32-43

After that a new tenancy agreement was entered into between the defendant and
the same tenant at a reduced monthly rental of $7,600.00 which will end on 9
May 2024. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s AEIC p 44-55

The parties agreed that the rental income received for No 12 for the period 1
January 2021 to 31 December 2022 which spanned both tenancy agreements
amounted to $183,800.00.

9 The security deposit under the tenancy agreement that was in place as at 1
January 2021 and until 9 May 2021 amounted to $23,850.00, this being the
equivalent of three months’ rental. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defendant’s AEIC p 32

The security deposit under the new tenancy agreement after that amounted to
$22,800.00, this being the equivalent of three months’ rental at the reduced
monthly rental. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defendant’s AEIC p 44

The defendant sought to set off the difference of $1,050.00 between the two
security deposits such that the amount of rental for which he had to account
in respect of No 12 became $182,750.00 ($183,800.00 - $1,050.00 =
$182,750.00).

10 I agree with the plaintiff that it is for the defendant to prove that he
returned the difference of $1,050.00 to the tenant (see, Chua Kok Tee David v
DBS Bank Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 231 at [23]; s 105 of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020
Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act 1893”)). It cannot be disputed that there was no
documentary evidence to support this fact. Further, the defendant did not
actually say that he had returned the difference of $1,050.00 to the tenant in
May 2021 (or at any other time). Rather, in his table of calculations of the
rental income, the line item for May 2021 had the statement, “(S$7,600.00 –
S$1,050.00 (return of deposit))”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 13

This somewhat equivocal statement does not suffice. Even if, as the defendant
argued, it would be logical to infer that the tenant would have asked for the
return of the difference, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 21

I cannot find as a fact that the tenant did so ask and that the defendant did
so return.

11 Accordingly, on Issue (1), I find that the amount of rental income received
from No 12 for the period 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022 is $183,800.00.

Issue (2): the amount of rental income received from No 12A for the period 1
January 2021 to 31 December 2022

12 No 12A was rented to Zheng Guangjun (“PW2”) and his wife Wu Mengling
(“PW4”), Tee Kim Ming Leslie (“PW1”), and Huang Zhenglong (“Huang”). PW1, PW2
and PW4 all testified under subpoena at the plaintiff’s behest. Huang did not
testify, having apparently left his job in Singapore and returned to China on
12 January 2023, shortly before the TAI hearing started on 17 January 2023. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 17 January 2023 p 32 lines 2-11

13 Parties agreed that the amount of rental income received from PW2 and PW4
together for the period January 2021 to August 2022 was $14,600.00, and for
the period September 2022 to December 2022 was $3,160.00, which totalled
$17,760.00.

14 PW1 testified that his rental was $510.00 per month as at January 2021,
increased to $560.00 per month with effect from July 2021, increased to
$610.00 for July 2022 and August 2022, and then increased to $660.00 per month
with effect from September 2022, which totalled $13,640.00 as at December
2022. The plaintiff accepted the evidence of PW1 whereas the defendant said
that PW1 only paid, in total, $13,600.00. The difference of $40.00 in total
for the four months September to December 2022 apparently arose from fees of
$10.00 per month for the use of the internet. The defendant submitted that due
to a dispute between PW1 and PW2, PW1 paid this $10.00 to the defendant who
handed it over to PW2; the defendant also relied on exhibit P1, being PW1’s
handwritten note on which the words “Internet $10” were written. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 29-30

The defendant’s argument appeared to be that $10.00 per month for September to
December 2022 should be deducted from the amount paid by PW1 to him and
therefore from the amount he had to account to the plaintiff for.

15 I do not accept the defendant’s argument. No evidence was adduced before me
about the supposed dispute between PW1 and PW2 and why that supposed dispute
should have led to the defendant being a go-between. Neither was any such case
put to either PW1 or PW2 during the course of their respective oral
testimonies so that they might have had an opportunity to respond to it. PW4
was not in a position to shed any light on this as her testimony was that her
husband PW2 was in charge of all matters concerning the rental for No 12A. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE 18 January 2023 p 7 line 3; p 8 lines 1-8; p 11 line 21-p 14 line 25

Exhibit P1 does not assist the defendant as the words, “Internet $10” do not,
by themselves, support the defendant’s case about why that sum should be
deducted from the amounts paid by PW1 for the months September to December
2022. Exhibit P1 merely shows that a sum of $10.00 was chargeable or charged
for the use of the internet but does not say to whom that sum was chargeable
or charged. I thus find that PW1 paid a total amount of $13,640.00 for the
period January 2021 to December 2022.

16 As for Huang, parties agreed that Huang paid rental of $640.00 per month
for September 2022 to December 2022, totalling $2,560.00, and that before
September 2022, Huang had paid $600.00 per month. Parties disagreed as to
whether Huang started renting a room at No 12A from January 2021 onwards
(which the plaintiff said was the case) or from March 2022 onwards (which the
defendant contended).

17 The plaintiff urged me to draw an adverse inference against the defendant
and to find that Huang started renting a room from January 2021 onwards,
contrary to what the defendant said. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 67

Amongst other reasons, the plaintiff pointed out that the defendant had
maintained throughout the TAI proceedings, starting with his accounting
affidavit on 6 June 2022 and including an Answers to Interrogatories on 15
August 2022, that there was no rental income for No 12A. This position was
repeated in sworn statements as well as correspondence through his then-
lawyers. The plaintiff tracked down the tenants and compelled them to testify.
It was only in his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) on 13 January 2023,
two working days before the TAI hearing started, that the defendant disclosed
that he had collected rental income from No 12A since at least January 2021,
for which he had to account to the plaintiff.

18 In his AEIC, the defendant dealt with this volte face by saying that (i)
there had been miscommunications or gaps in his instructions to his then-
lawyers, (ii) he thought that the rental barely covered the utilities and so
there was little utility in disclosing the rental, (iii) the tenancy
agreements were informal arrangements which need not be declared, and finally
(iv) he had signed the Answers to Interrogatories in a rush. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 17-20

When cross-examined, the defendant was unable to provide any better
explanation. I do not accept the defendant’s reasons. A miscommunication with
one’s lawyers, or being in a rush, may excuse one error but it cannot excuse
repeating the error over a period of seven months and embedding it in both
correspondence and sworn documents. Even if the rental had barely covered the
utilities (which does not appear to be the case based on the evidence before
me) and even if the tenancy agreements were informal (which also does not
appear to be the case as the tenants seem to have dealt with the defendant at
arms’ length rather than being, for instance, family members), it was not for
the defendant to decide that he therefore did not have to disclose the rental
to the plaintiff. The defendant was represented by counsel throughout the
proceedings and should have been properly advised about what he was required
to do pursuant to the Judgment.

19 Under s 116(g) of the Evidence Act 1893, the Court may presume that
evidence which could be and is not produced would, if produced, be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it. It appears to me that the
defendant had not wanted his tenants to testify in these TAI proceedings
because he realised that they would say that they had been renting rooms at No
12A for certain periods of time and had paid rental to the defendant for the
same. This desire to prevent that evidence from surfacing would be consistent
with the defendant’s conduct as described in [17] and [18] above. It is also
consistent with what PW1 told the Court – PW1 said the defendant’s wife had
brought a letter to the tenants some time in September 2022 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE 17 January 2023 p 10 line 32-p 12 line 17; p 18 lines 5-21

for them to sign, and the letter stated that the tenants were not willing to
testify in Court. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

3BCP p 1539

In the end, the plaintiff compelled the tenants to testify and the evidence
came to light. To that extent it has become unnecessary for me to draw an
adverse inference against the defendant generally as regards the evidence of
the tenants.

20 However, the plaintiff urged me to draw an adverse inference against the
defendant specifically in relation to Huang’s tenancy and to find that Huang
started renting a room at No 12A from January 2021 as the plaintiff suggested,
rather than from March 2022 as the defendant suggested. I took into account
PW4’s testimony under cross-examination that Huang had started living at No
12A in 2022 although she could not recall the month. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE 18 January 2023 p 10 lines 15-19

PW4 did not appear to be making any particular effort to support the
defendant’s case in her testimony. The defendant’s attempts, as described
above, to stop the tenants from testifying seemed to have been directed at all
of them collectively rather than against Huang specifically. Also, apart from
the dispute about the internet fees in respect of PW1, I note that the
occupancy dates and rental amounts set out in the defendant’s AEIC in relation
to PW1, PW2, and PW4 were consistent with their testimony. I thus accept that
Huang started renting a room at No 12A from March 2022 onwards and the amount
of rental he paid totalled $6,160.00.

21 On issue (2), I find that the total amount of rental collected from No 12A
from January 2021 to December 2022 is $37,560.00.

Rental that could have been collected but was not

22 In addition to the rental actually collected from No 12A, the plaintiff
sought an order that the defendant should also account to the plaintiff for
rental that the defendant could have collected from renting out one of the
remaining two untenanted rooms in No 12A but did not (the “Unlet Room”). The
plaintiff quantified this at $13,640.00 by taking the average of PW1’s monthly
rental. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 75

PW1’s monthly rental was the lowest amongst the four tenants and the rental
paid by PW2 and PW4 may not be comparable as they rented their room as a
couple. Huang’s rental, as a single occupant, was higher than PW1’s.

23 The plaintiff stated that this claim for unearned rental on the Unlet Room
was made in trespass by ouster. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Further Submissions at para 4

Whilst the defendant argued that this could not be allowed as such a claim was
not pleaded, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 16-17

the plaintiff countered that it was the defendant’s lack of candour regarding
his dealings with No 12A that resulted in the plaintiff discovering only at
the TAI stage when PW1 was testifying, that there were two untenanted rooms at
No 12A. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s Further Submissions at para 6

The plaintiff also submitted that the reliefs sought by the plaintiff in the
Statement of Claim and granted in the Judgment, are broad enough to encompass
an account of rental that ought to have been, but was not, earned for the
Unlet Room. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Further Submissions at para 9

24 I am of the view that I am unable to inquire into the defendant’s dealings
with the Unlet Room (or, indeed, with the other untenanted room in No 12A). I
accept that the account which was ordered in the Judgment was a common or
standard account in which the accounting party need only account for what was
actually received, as opposed to an account on the basis of wilful default in
which the accounting party is not only required to account for what he has
received but also for what he might have received had it not been for the
default. Another significant difference is that the accounting party carries a
much more substantial burden of proof when accounting on the basis of a wilful
default than that which applies in the case of a common account (see, Ong Jane
Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa and Others [2005] SGCA 4 at [55]; UVJ and others v UVH
and others and another appeal [2020] 2 SLR 336 at [23]-[26]).

25 I had considered whether the effect of this decision is that I would be
putting the plaintiff to the need to institute a fresh action dealing
specifically with the claim for the Unlet Room (and, perhaps, the other room),
and whether this in turn would lead to a waste of costs. I believe it would
depend on how the action is conducted. If it is narrowly and appropriately
focused, the Court could make considered findings with the aid of proper
pleadings and argument. The parties may even agree to use the evidence already
given in TAI 1/2023 insofar as it touches on this issue, and supplement it as
necessary. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 18 January 2023 p 48 line 6-p 55 line 11

The plaintiff may even wish to inquire into the defendant’s usage of the other
untenanted room as the evidence on that may not have been fully adduced during
the hearing before me. I say no more on this but the point is that such
investigation could not take place within the framework of TAI 1/2023.

Issue (3): whether the defendant may set off expenses incurred in connection
with the Properties and if so, in what amount

26 The plaintiff submitted that the defendant should not be permitted to set
off expenses that he incurred voluntarily and unilaterally from January 2021
and onwards. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 77

I do not accept this submission. The defendant has been directed to account to
the plaintiff for rental income from the Properties from January 2021 and
onwards. He should be entitled to set off expenses which were necessarily
incurred in order that the rental could be earned. The touchstone must be
whether the expenses were necessary so that the Properties could be rented,
rather than whether the defendant voluntarily paid them without consulting the
plaintiff.

27 The defendant’s case on the expenses incurred in relation to the
Properties, and the plaintiff’s response, are set out below. I will deal only
with S/Nos 3, 4, 5 and 6 since the plaintiff did not challenge the other
items.

S/N| Description| Quantum which defendant sought to set off| Plaintiff’s
position| Plaintiff’s position on quantum  
---|---|---|---|---  
1\. | Property Tax for No 12 from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022| 18,390.17| Accepted| 18,390.17  
2\. | Property Tax for No 12A from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022| 4,920.00| Accepted| 4,920.00  
3\. | Income Tax for No 12 from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021| 2,753.60| No evidence of payment| 0  
4\. | Utilities for No 12A from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022| 16,677.13| Could and should have made the tenants bear the expense. Alternatively, quantum should be S$10,625.79 | 0   
5\. | Premium for fire insurance policy| 963.02| Premium for period of coverage (January 2021 to April 2021) should be pro-rated | 642.00  
6\. | Repair and maintenance of the Properties| 67,142.93| Disputed| 0  
7\. | Legal fees and costs incurred in the tenancy of the Properties| 1,000.00| Accepted| 1,000.00  
TOTAL| 111,846.85| | 24,952.17  
  
S/No 3 Income tax for No 12 from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021

28 The defendant said that the income tax deducted by IRAS for the year of
assessment 2022 was $2,753.60 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 26, p 71

based on his declaration of net rental income for No 12 for 1 January 2021 to
31 December 2021 at $75,290.00. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 24, p 69

The plaintiff’s objection to this was that there was no adequate proof that
this had been the assessed sum and that it had been paid. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 103; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at
paras 16-17

I am satisfied that this was the assessed sum but I hold that the defendant
may not effect the set-off until he provides, to the reasonable satisfaction
of the plaintiff, evidence that the said sum has been deducted from his bank
account or otherwise paid to IRAS.

29 I grant parties a liberty to apply to me if they cannot work out between
themselves whether the defendant has or has not provided the necessary
evidence to the reasonable satisfaction of the plaintiff.

30 For completeness, I note that the plaintiff did not object on the basis
that, as a matter of principle, the defendant was not entitled to set off his
personal income tax against the rental. I had concerns about this but in the
absence of any arguments from the parties, I say no more.

S/No 4 Utilities for No 12A from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022

31 The defendant initially claimed $16,677.13 in respect of utilities for No
12A from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 29

but later accepted that his calculations were wrong and instead the
plaintiff’s calculations as set out in exhibit P4 were correct. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 58

The quantum is therefore $10,625.79. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 107

32 The more contentious question was whether the defendant was, in principle,
permitted to set off the cost of the utilities. I have considered the
plaintiff’s argument that the defendant could and should have passed on the
utilities cost to the tenants. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 105

The plaintiff urged me to find that if the defendant chose not to do that out
of some form of misguided charity, this should not prejudice the plaintiff. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 106

This submission came on the back of the defendant’s testimony that he had made
allowances for the tenants’ limited financial ability. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE 18 January 2023 p 55 lines 27-29; p 57 lines 7-8

33 I have reviewed the transcript of the cross-examination and I take the view
that the defendant’s first and instinctual response to the question of why he
did not pass on the cost of the utilities to the tenants is more credible than
his subsequent allusion to the tenants’ limited financial ability. He first
said that he had borne the utilities bills for the tenants and did not pass on
the cost of the utilities to them as these tenants were only renting
individual rooms, whereas he had or would have passed on the cost of the
utilities to the tenant if the tenant rented the entire space. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE 18 January 2023 p 55 lines 19-27

Both PW1 and PW2 testified that the defendant had justified an increase in
their respective monthly rentals by telling them that it was due to the
increase in utilities bills. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE 17 January 2023 p 13 lines 19-30; p 25 lines 27-30

I accept their testimony and I find it to be consistent with a situation where
the defendant bore the cost of the utilities but reflected that cost
implicitly in the monthly rental. In other words, whilst the defendant may not
have exercised a contractual right to directly pass the utilities cost to the
tenants, the amount of the rental did factor in the utilities cost. The
defendant’s later answer, where he suggested that he had been gracious in
light of the tenants’ financial abilities, seemed to me to be an afterthought.
Weighing the evidence in its totality, I hold that the defendant may set off
$10,625.79.

S/No 5 Premium for fire insurance policy

34 The documentary evidence showed that the defendant paid $481.50 for each of
the policy periods 4 April 2020 to 3 April 2021, 4 April 2021 to 3 April 2022
and 4 April 2022 to 3 April 2023. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s AEIC p 104-p 120

The defendant submitted that it would be equitable to deem that the defendant
had paid $963.00 (ie $481.50 plus $481.50) for the period 1 January 2021 to 31
December 2022. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 63

I find that the defendant is entitled to set off a pro-rated portion of the
annual premium for the period 1 January 2021 to 3 April 2021, the annual
premium for the period 4 April 2021 to 3 April 2022, and a pro-rated portion
of the annual premium for the period 4 April 2022 to 31 December 2022. As this
would in effect amount to the premium for 24 months, the defendant is entitled
to set off an amount of $963.00.

S/No. 6 Repair and maintenance of the Properties

35 The defendant claimed a sum of $67,142.93 for repair and maintenance works
on the Properties, broken down as follows:

Maintenance and servicing of air-conditioning units and replacement of old air-conditioning units or parts thereof | $260.00  
---|---  
Painting works| $13,800.00  
Roof maintenance and repair| $28,000.00  
Tree removal and pruning, removal of weed plants and fence repair | $17,400.00  
Repairs of interior ceiling boards (such as replacement of the boards)|
$3,000.00  
Purchase of household supplies| $182.93  
Miscellaneous works| $4,500.00  
  
36 The defendant attached to his AEIC, copies of seven personal petty cash
vouchers and six third-party receipts or cash invoices to support the
aforesaid works (except for the miscellaneous works), totalling $62,642.93. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 122-p 131

The seven personal petty cash vouchers (“PCV”) added up to $62,200.00 whilst
the six third-party receipts or cash invoices (“3P RI”) added up to $442.93. I
set out below some key points in relation to these documents.

S/No| Document| Amount| Disclosed in Defendant’s 6 June 2022 affidavit|
Disputed in Plaintiff’s Notice of Non-Admission| Attached to AEIC for TAI
1/2023| Original adduced in TAI 1/2023  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| PCV 25 June 2021| 8,900.00| Yes | Yes| Yes| No  
2| PCV 4 March 2021| 5,200.00| Yes| Yes| Yes| No  
3| PCV 21 March 2022| 14,000.00| Yes| Yes| Yes| No  
4| PCV 20 April 2021| 14,000.00| Yes| Yes| Yes| No  
5| PCV 23 March 2021| 8,600.00| Yes| Yes| Yes| No  
6| PCV 31 March 2022| 8,500.00| Yes| Yes| Yes| No  
7| PCV 28 April 2021| 3,000.00| Yes| Yes| Yes| No  
8| 3P RI 4 January 2021| 165.00| Yes | No| Yes| No  
9| 3P RI 20 August 2021| 95.00| Yes| No| Yes| No  
10| 3P RI 18 April 2022| 20.00| Yes| No| Yes| No  
11| 3P RI 24 October 2022| 99.90| No| No| Yes| No  
12| 12 November 2022| 8.03| No| No| Yes| No  
13| 19 November 2022| 55.00| No| No| Yes| No  
  
37 The defendant’s first argument about these documents relied on the decision
of the Court of Appeal in Baker, Michael A (executor of the estate of Chantal
Burnison, deceased) v BCS Business Consulting Services Pte Ltd [2022] SGCA(I)
8 (“Baker”). Relying on Baker at [30], [31], and [36], the defendant urged me
to accept that he had adduced as much documentary evidence as he was able to,
and to accept his oral testimony for the rest of the expenses incurred. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 65-68

The defendant’s second point about these documents was that the plaintiff had
no basis to claim that the defendant had forged the payment vouchers. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 69

I need not make a finding on forgery because, as I will explain below, I
disagree with the defendant on his first argument.

38 As to the defendant’s first argument, I understand from the decision in
Baker that the trustee’s duty to provide proper, complete, and accurate
justification and documentation may be fulfilled in different ways or to
different degrees, and the question of what is, or is not, sufficient, is
fact-centric and depends on, amongst others, whether the trustee is a lay
trustee or a professional trustee, the type of expenses in question, the
quantum in issue, and evidence of the surrounding factual context. As the
Court of Appeal reiterated, “while the legal burden is on an accounting party
to justify payments made for the benefit of the beneficiary, “how that burden
is discharged will vary from case to case”” (see, Baker at [36]).

39 However, the documents which the defendant sought to rely on in the present
case to prove the expenses incurred for the repair and maintenance of the
Properties were challenged on their admissibility and not just on their
sufficiency. Thus, it appears to me that in relying on Baker, the defendant
has missed the anterior question of whether the disputed documents were
admitted in evidence for TAI 1/2023 in the first place.

40 The question is whether the seven PCV and the six 3P RI were proved by
primary evidence, meaning the document itself produced for the inspection of
the Court, as required by s 66 read with s 67 and s 64 of the Evidence Act
1893. The defendant cannot dispute that he did not produce for the inspection
of the Court any of the documents of the seven PCV or six 3P RI.

41 The defendant relied on the decision of the Court of Appeal in Jet Holding
Ltd and others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and other
appeals [2006] 3 SLR(R) 769 (“Jet Holding”). Specifically, the defendant
submitted, firstly, that if the documents are marked and admitted into
evidence without objection, the other party cannot object to the admission of
the documents later. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 29

Secondly, the defendant went on to say that a party is generally deemed to
admit the authenticity of documents in an opponent’s list of documents unless
he had issued a notice of non-admission within 14 days after inspection of the
documents. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 30-36

Finally, the defendant argued that counsel for the plaintiff did not question
the defendant during the hearing about the authenticity of the seven PCV or
ask him to produce the originals for the inspection of the Court and thus the
plaintiff was deemed to have waived any objection to admissibility. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions at para 37

42 I will deal with the defendant’s three arguments in turn. First, Jet
Holding does not assist the defendant. The passage which the defendant relied
on in Jet Holding at [51] expressly refers to documents having been marked and
admitted into evidence and there is discussion elsewhere in Jet Holding about
the use of an agreed bundle of documents to surmount any problems of
authenticity (see, for example, Jet Holding at [44], [56]). There was no
agreed bundle of documents in TAI 1/2023.

43 Secondly, even if the plaintiff’s Notice of Non-Admission of Authenticity
of Documents was served on 28 July 2022, more than 14 days after the original
documents were inspected by the plaintiff on 27 June 2022, the deemed
admission of authenticity under Order 27 r 4(1) of the Rules of Court (2014
Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court 2014”) does not apply as the seven PCV and three of
the six 3P RI which the plaintiff inspected were disclosed in the defendant’s
accounting affidavit filed on 6 June 2022, not by way of a list of documents
served pursuant to Order 24 or pursuant to an order made under Order 24. The
remaining three of the six 3P RI were only disclosed in the defendant’s AEIC
for the TAI proceedings.

44 Thirdly, I do not understand how the defendant could have suggested that
the defendant was not questioned during the hearing about the authenticity of
the seven PCV. On the contrary, he was questioned at length about the seven
PCV and also the six 3P RI. It is also not right to suggest that the onus was
on the plaintiff to ask the defendant to produce the originals for the
inspection of the Court. This argument turns the burden of proof on its head
and is unmeritorious.

45 The plaintiff served a Notice of Non-Admission of Authenticity of Documents
which clearly stated that the plaintiff did not admit the authenticity of, and
required the defendant to prove at trial, the seven PCV. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at p 301-p 303

In his AEIC which responded to the defendant’s 6 June 2022 accounting
affidavit, the plaintiff unequivocally put the defendant to proof that he had
in fact incurred the expenses, including the seven PCV. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC at paras 86-94

During the course of cross-examination, the defendant was expressly challenged
on the seven PCV and the six 3P RI. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE 18 January 2023 p 100 line 1-p 103 line 31

I thus find that, similar to the situation in Jet Holding at [73], “It is
clear, in [my] view, that the [plaintiff] had in fact objected to the
introduction of the [seven PCV and the six 3P RI]. In the circumstances, the
[defendant] ought therefore to have satisfied the requisite requirements under
the Evidence Act – in particular those contained in s 66. On this ground
alone, [the seven PCV and the six 3P RI] were not admitted into evidence. That
was, of course, fatal to the [defendant’s] case in so far as the quantum of
[$62,642.93] claimed was concerned.”

46 The defendant does not fall within any of the exceptions in s 67 of the
Evidence Act 1893 such that secondary evidence (meaning, copies as defined in
s 65 of the Evidence Act 1893) of the disputed documents could be relied on.

47 The plaintiff went on to submit that even if the documents were proved as
required under s 66 or s 67 of the Evidence Act 1893, they were hearsay
evidence and therefore inadmissible. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 84

In light of my finding on authenticity, it is unnecessary for me to consider
the arguments based on hearsay. The defendant should have adduced the seven
PCV and the six 3P RI for the purposes of the TAI proceedings but failed to do
so. Without the documentary evidence, there is simply unsupported oral
evidence from the defendant, which is insufficient to discharge the burden of
proving that he had incurred a significant sum of $62,642.93 in various repair
and maintenance works on the Properties.

48 As for the miscellaneous works amounting to $4,500.00 which the defendant
did not proffer any documents for, it is difficult to accept that there is a
reasoned basis for this claim. I can understand a party making an estimate in
the absence of documents, perhaps due to the passage of time or the relative
size of the amounts incurred. However, after the Judgment which ordered the
defendant to account was delivered on 30 March 2022, the defendant could have
begun to accumulate the necessary receipts relating to miscellaneous expenses.
When the accounting affidavit was filed on 6 June 2022, the defendant gave a
figure of $4,000.00 for the miscellaneous works with no supporting documents.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Affidavit at para 24

When the AEIC was filed on 13 January 2023, he could by then have had nine
months’ worth of relevant documents (starting after the Judgment was delivered
on 30 March 2022) from which to extrapolate, explain and provide a basis to
estimate the cost of any earlier miscellaneous works, but he did not do so.
Instead, in the AEIC, he repeated, almost word-for-word, what had been stated
in his accounting affidavit but simply increased the figure to $4,500.00. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 36

49 The defendant submitted that it would be “grossly inequitable to the
defendant if the Court were to make a finding that none of these costs had
been incurred”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 95

I think the defendant has misunderstood the situation. I am not making a
finding that none of the costs for miscellaneous works at the Properties had
been incurred. I am, however, making a finding that the defendant has not
discharged the burden of proving that those costs had been incurred. There is
nothing inequitable about this. As the Court of Appeal said in Jet Holding at
[38]:

The provisions set out above (in particular, s 66) have, as their core
rationale, the aim of ensuring that the best evidence is available before the
court… That is why the general rule (again, in s 66) is that all documents
must be proved by primary evidence, with ‘primary evidence’ being defined (in
s 64) as meaning ‘the document itself produced for the inspection of the
court’ [emphasis added].”

50 I thus find that the defendant is not entitled to deduct $67,142.93 from
the account he has to give to the plaintiff.

Issue (4): whether the defendant may set off expenses incurred in connection
with the Dedap Residence and if so, in what amount

51 The defendant’s position was that he had incurred expenses in relation to
the Dedap Residence. As I mentioned at the outset of this judgment, the
parties live at the Dedap Residence together with other family members. The
defendant testified that over the period 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2022 he
incurred at least an estimated sum of $28,800.00 for maintenance, renovation
and repairs and an estimated sum of $13,490.55 for utilities at the Dedap
Residence. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 40-45

52 The defendant harked back to the finding of the Honourable Judge that there
had been an arrangement between the father and the defendant which the
plaintiff accepted (“the Arrangement”), and that the Arrangement included
using the rental proceeds from the Properties to renovate and maintain the
Dedap Residence. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Judgment at [50], [53], [60]; Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 100

The Honourable Judge had also found that the Arrangement had terminated by 1
January 2021 (which is why the defendant has to account to the plaintiff from
1 January 2021). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Judgment at [68]

53 Notwithstanding this, the defendant submitted that it would only be fair
and expedient that the defendant be allowed to set off the plaintiff’s share
of the Dedap Residence expenses and that not allowing him to do so would
result in the plaintiff being unjustly enriched at the defendant’s expense. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 101-102

The plaintiff disagreed with the defendant and in any event said, for similar
reasons as with the seven PCV, that the defendant had not properly proved
these expenses.

54 In light of the Honourable Judge’s decision that the Arrangement ended by 1
January 2021, I find no merit in the defendant’s argument and I do not allow
the defendant to set off any part of the expenses supposedly incurred by him
for the Dedap Residence from 1 January 2021 onwards on the basis of fairness,
expediency, or justice. What the defendant is really saying is that as a
matter of good conscience, the plaintiff should be contributing towards
maintenance, renovation, repairs and utilities for the Dedap Residence since
he is also living there. Whether or not that is so is not something I can or
should decide. Because of my finding on this issue, it is not necessary for me
to address the dispute over whether the expenses for the Dedap Residence were
properly proved by the defendant.

Issue (5): the costs to be awarded in respect of these TAI proceedings

55 The plaintiff sought indemnity costs for the TAI proceedings, relying
mainly on the defendant’s conduct in attempting to conceal the fact that he
had received rental income from No 12A until two working days before the TAI
hearing started, as well as the defendant’s apparent attempts from late
November 2022 onwards to delay the TAI proceedings. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 125

The defendant submitted that costs should be in his favour and should be
allowed on the scale of matters heard in the Magistrate’s Courts as the
amounts awarded fall within that jurisdiction. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 137-143

Alternatively, the defendant relied on an Offer to Settle (“OTS”) served under
Order 22A of the Rules of Court 2014 and asked that the Court should award
costs of the TAI proceedings in accordance with Order 22A. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 144-153

56 I deal first with the OTS. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions p 46-p 48

The OTS was served on 17 October 2022 and the defendant offered to pay the
plaintiff $50,000.00 from the defendant’s share of the net proceeds of sale of
the Properties pursuant to HC/OA 659/2022 (“OA 659”) and within seven days of
his receipt of those proceeds. The OTS also stipulated that the plaintiff was
to discontinue this case with no order as to costs within seven days from
accepting the OTS. OA 659 was an application filed by the defendant on 13
October 2022 asking the Court to order that the Properties be sold.

57 To attract the costs consequences under Order 22A of the Rules of Court
2014, an OTS must be a reasonable, serious or genuine offer aimed at inducing
or facilitating settlement, and should not be made just to entail the payment
of costs on an indemnity basis, and should not be one where the offeror
effectively expected the other party to capitulate (see, Resorts World at
Sentosa Pte Ltd v Goel Adesh Kumar and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 1070
(“Resorts World”) at [20], [22]). What would constitute a serious and genuine
offer must depend on the circumstances and issues of the case (see, Man B&W
Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd and another v PT Bumi International Tankers and
another appeal [2004] 3 SLR(R) 267 (“B&W”) at [10]). There must be a
legitimate basis for the offer made; a modest but realistic offer may be
reasonable, serious or genuine for the purposes of Order 22A as it is a
defendant’s right to assess the likely sum which the plaintiff may be awarded
and to make an appropriate offer to settle in order to protect himself from
adverse costs consequences (see, Resorts World at [22]).

58 In the present case, what troubles me about the OTS is not the amount that
was offered ($50,000.00 might indeed have been modest but realistic) but the
fact that the amount was to be paid after selling the Properties pursuant to
OA 659 whereas the plaintiff was to discontinue this case with no order as to
costs within seven days from accepting the OTS. Given that OA 659 was filed by
the defendant two working days before the OTS was served, this suggests that
the defendant was using the OTS as leverage to get the order he wanted in OA
659 rather than to facilitate or induce settlement of this action.

59 Another difficulty with the OTS is that because the offered payment was
contingent on the happening of future events namely, the defendant’s receipt
of sale proceeds from the sale of the Properties, the assessment of whether
the amount awarded in this TAI is not more favourable than the terms of the
OTS should take into account interest lost during that time period. However,
the amount of that interest cannot be ascertained at this stage as OA 659 has
not concluded and there is no indication that the parties have agreed on a
sale of the Properties.

60 Even leaving aside the element of interest lost, which would be a factor
that reduces the value of the OTS, the amount awarded by me in this TAI is
more favourable than the amount of $50,000.00 that was offered in the OTS.

61 In any event, Order 22A r 9(5) of the Rules of Court 2014 provides that the
Court shall have full power to determine by whom and to what extent any costs
are to be paid.

62 In this regard, there are two particular factors which have an impact on
costs in this TAI. These factors are first, proportionality and second, the
defendant’s conduct from the time of his accounting affidavit on 6 June 2022
until his AEIC on 13 January 2023. The point as to proportionality is self-
evident. I also note in this connection that the defendant had applied to
transfer the TAI to the State Courts on the basis that the value of the claim
brought it within the jurisdiction of the State Courts. That application was
taken out on 29 December 2022 and I heard it three working days later on 4
January 2023. At that time, the TAI proceedings were fixed to start on 16
January 2023. I dismissed the application and the defendant’s appeal against
my decision was subsequently dismissed.

63 As for the defendant’s conduct, I have said above that I do not accept
several of his explanations. The accounting affidavit he signed on 6 June 2022
said, “As for [No 12A] there has been no rental income from 1 January 2021 to
date.” 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Affidavit at para 13

The AEIC he signed on 13 January 2023 said, “As for [No 12A]… there are four
(4) existing occupiers. A breakdown of the rental income received over the
years is as follows….” and went on to give the details from January 2021 to
December 2022. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendant’s AEIC at para 14

I have considered both the accounting affidavit signed on 6 June 2022 and the
AEIC signed on 13 January 2023. They were very similar both in presentation
and in detail: they both reiterated that the plaintiff had denied the
Arrangement and commenced this suit, they both stated that the defendant was
providing an account for the Properties from 1 January 2021 onwards pursuant
to the Judgment, they both set out what the defendant had incurred for upkeep
etc for the Properties which should be set off, and they both maintained that
the defendant had incurred various sums for upkeep etc for the Dedap Residence
which should also be set off. The main point on which they differed was as to
the rental for No 12A. It is difficult not to conclude that the defendant
consciously concealed the rental for No 12A when he signed his accounting
affidavit.

64 There were also attempts made by the plaintiff in between the two
affidavits, through correspondence between counsel as well as Interrogatories,
to elicit the truth about the rental for No 12A. Unfortunately, the defendant
did his best to deliberately conceal the rental he had collected from No 12A
until he knew he no longer could.

65 Taking into account all the factors and in the exercise of my discretion, I
will award the plaintiff the costs of the TAI proceedings as guided by
Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2013 which applies to
matters in the High Court rather than using the scale of costs applicable to
matters heard in the Magistrate’s Courts, and I award costs on the standard
basis rather than the indemnity basis. Section III.A.(i) item 4 of Appendix G
provides a range of $25,000.00 to $70,000.00 for pre-trial work, $6,000.00 to
$16,000.00 as a daily trial tariff, and up to $30,000.00 for post-trial work.
The plaintiff sought $25,000.00 in costs and $2,106.08 in disbursements for
pre-trial work, $45,000.00 in costs and $7,516.07 in disbursements for the
three hearing days, and $15,000.00 in costs and $390.66 in disbursements for
post-trial work, on an indemnity basis, which totalled $95,012.81. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at para 43

66 I award the plaintiff $25,000.00 in costs and $2,106.08 in disbursements
for pre-trial work, $30,000.00 in costs and $7,516.07 in disbursements for the
three days of the TAI hearing, and $18,000.00 in costs and $390.66 in
disbursements for post-trial work, totalling $83,012.81. I have taken into
account, in particular, the defendant’s conduct starting with the accounting
affidavit and until the AEIC was served two working days before the first day
of the TAI hearing, as well as the urgent getting-up and other preparatory
work which plaintiff’s counsel would have had to do since the defendant’s AEIC
was served only two working days before the TAI hearing commenced. I have also
borne in mind that some time, although not a great deal, was spent during the
TAI hearing on the issue of whether rental could have been earned on the Unlet
Room. I have factored in that additional submissions were requested by me on a
few discrete points, after the parties’ respective closing and reply
submissions. The plaintiff has applied for a refund of unused hearing fees. If
the Court approves any refund, that amount is to be credited to the defendant.

67 I now deal with the costs for two applications on which I had deferred the
fixing of the amounts to be awarded. SUM 4581/2022 was the plaintiff’s
application for an unless order which I granted on 4 January 2023 in order to
procure the defendant’s AEIC for the purposes of the TAI hearing, with costs
in favour of the plaintiff in an amount to be fixed by me later. The plaintiff
sought costs of $4,000.00 inclusive of disbursements 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 126

while the defendant proposed costs of $2,000.00. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 157

Guided by Section II.B. item 20 of Appendix G, I fix costs in favour of the
plaintiff at $3,000.00 inclusive of disbursements.

68 SUM 4583/2022 was the defendant’s application for an extension of time for
the exchange of the AEICs for the TAI hearing which I granted on 4 January
2023 although not with the same length of time as sought by the defendant,
with costs in favour of the plaintiff in an amount to be fixed by me later.
The plaintiff sought costs of $2,000.00 inclusive of disbursements 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 126

while the defendant proposed no order as to costs. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 158-159

I do not agree that the defendant may make this submission; I had ordered, in
respect of SUM 4583/2022, on 4 January 2023, that costs were in the
plaintiff’s favour although the amount would be fixed by me later and this
order was not taken on appeal. Guided by Section II.B. item 2 of Appendix G, I
fix costs in favour of the plaintiff at $2,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Conclusion

69 In summary, I have found that the defendant is to account to the plaintiff
for the following sums:

Rental income received from No 12 for the period 1 January 2021 to 31 December
2022| $183,800.00  
---|---  
Rental income received from No 12A for the period 1 January 2021 to 31
December 2022| $37,560.00  
Less: expenses incurred in connection with the Properties| ($38,652.56 of
which $2,753.60 is subject to the condition at [28] above)  
Net amount (subject to the condition as regards the sum of $2,753.60)|
$182,707.44  
  
70 The defendant will have to pay the plaintiff one-third of the net amount of
$182,707.44, which is $60,902.48. I award the plaintiff interest on the net
amount at 5.33% per annum which accrues until the date of this decision;
thereafter, interest accrues on the net amount (and also on any unpaid costs
awarded in this decision) at 5.33% per annum until payment is made to the
plaintiff. The starting point for the interest calculation on the net amount
is the day following the date on which the amount was payable to the
defendant; by way of illustration, if monthly rental was due to the defendant
on 31 January 2021, interest will start on 1 February 2021. Interest should be
calculated on the balance amount for the month after setting off any
applicable expenses which I have allowed the defendant to set off; by way of
illustration, interest should run on the balance of the monthly rental for
January 2021 after deducting a proportionate amount of the property tax, the
income tax (subject to the condition at [28] above), the utilities, and the
fire insurance premium. The deduction for the legal fees and costs is to be
made in the month in which those legal fees and costs were incurred.

71 I grant parties a liberty to apply to me should they be unable to work out
the precise sums in accordance with the decision above.

72 I thank counsel for their assistance throughout these TAI proceedings and
express my hope that the parties can find the material to heal the splits in
the skin of this family quarrel.

Gan Kam Yuin  
Assistant Registrar|  
---|---  
  
Philip Ling, Lim Haan Hui and Low Ziron (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the
plaintiff;

Cai Enhuai Amos, Tian Keyun and Kieran Jamie Pillai (Yuen Law LLC) for the
defendant

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 Jun 2023 (19:21 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

