Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

HIGH COURT of THE REPUBLIC OF singapore

[2023] SGHC 59

Admission of Advocates and Solicitors 410 of 2022

In the matter of Section 12 of the Legal Profession Act 1966

And

In the matter of Rule 25 of the Legal Profession (Admission) Rules 2011

And

In the matter of Tay Jie Qi

Tay Jie Qi

… Applicant

AND

Admission of Advocates and Solicitors 572 of 2022

In the matter of Section 12 of the Legal Profession Act 1966

And

In the matter of Rule 25 of the Legal Profession (Admission) Rules 2011

And

In the matter of Low Shauna

Low Shauna

… Applicant

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Legal Profession — Admission]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Tay Jie Qi and another matter

[2023] SGHC 59

General Division of the High Court — Admission of Advocates and Solicitors Nos
410 and 572 of 2022  
Sundaresh Menon CJ  
9 March 2023

9 March 2023

Sundaresh Menon CJ:

Introduction

1 The present applications, HC/AAS 410/2022 (“AAS 410”) and HC/AAS 572/2022
(“AAS 572”), are unrelated to the series of cases that arose out of the
controversy surrounding the 2020 Part B examinations, though they potentially
raise some broadly similar issues. Unlike the applicants in Re Tay Quan Li
Leon [2022] SGHC 133 (“Re Leon Tay”), Re Wong Wai Loong Sean and other matters
[2022] SGHC 237 (“Re Wong Wai Loong Sean”) and Re Monisha Devaraj and other
matters [2022] SGHC 93 (“Re Monisha Devaraj”), the two applicants before me
did not cheat in their Part B examinations. Instead, they committed certain
wrongdoings some years before their respective applications to be admitted to
the roll of advocates and solicitors. This affords me the opportunity to view
their earlier actions with the benefit of the perspective that comes from the
fact that there has been some distance between the time of their wrongdoing
and the time of their applications for admission. It is also noteworthy that
the present applicants voluntarily disclosed their misconduct to the relevant
stakeholders (see at [18] and [31] below), despite such information not
otherwise being in the public domain. There is also nothing to suggest that
the present applicants were involved in any other type of unsatisfactory
conduct in the intervening years. They duly sat for and passed their Part B
examinations and have satisfactorily completed their training contracts.

2 The admission hearings for AAS 410 and AAS 572 were originally fixed on 23
August 2022 and 9 November 2022 respectively. Following the applicants’
disclosures of their respective misconduct, the Attorney-General (“AG”)
invited them to agree to adjourn their admission hearings, which they both
did. Upon the matters eventually being restored for hearing, the AG, and for
that matter, the Law Society of Singapore and the Singapore Institute of Legal
Education, (respectively, “the Law Society” and “the SILE”, and collectively
with the AG, “the stakeholders”) confirmed that they do not object to the
admission applications being granted at this time. The issue for my
determination today is whether, in all the circumstances, the applicants can
be considered fit and proper persons to be admitted at this time as advocates
and solicitors in Singapore.

General principles

3 The central inquiry in such applications, where the prescribed requirements
have been met and so establish that the applicant has the requisite level of
competence, is whether the applicant in question is suitable for admission in
terms of her character. This will entail consideration of all the relevant
circumstances including:

(a) the circumstances of the applicant’s misconduct;

(b) her conduct in the course of any investigations that may have been held in
connection with the misconduct;

(c) the nature and extent of and the circumstances surrounding the initial and
subsequent disclosures about the misconduct made by the applicant in her
application for admission;

(d) any evidence of remorse; and

(e) any evidence of rehabilitation including steps that have been planned or
already taken towards achieving the applicant’s rehabilitation (see Re Wong
Wai Loong Sean at [3]).

These are pointers or indicia that inform the court’s assessment of the nature
and severity of the applicant’s character issues, whether there is a need to
defer the applicant’s admission and if so, the amount of time he or she will
likely need to resolve these character issues.

4 In cases where a significant period has elapsed since the applicant’s
wrongdoing, the last two factors (namely, evidence of remorse and efforts
towards rehabilitation) may take on particular importance in helping the court
determine whether any further deferment of the applicant’s admission is
necessary. If the applicant demonstrates genuine remorse and satisfies the
court, through a course of consistent and proper conduct, that she has learnt
the requisite lessons and successfully resolved the character issues, a
further deferment of her admission application may not be necessary. This is
so because the purpose of deferring an admission application is
rehabilitative, not punitive; simply put, such a deferment is not to punish
the applicant for her earlier mistake but to provide her with adequate time to
correct her character issues and instil confidence in the stakeholders of her
suitability for admission (Re Wong Wai Loong Sean at [27]). With these
principles in mind, I consider the present applications in turn, beginning
with AAS 410.

Ms Tay Jie Qi

The plagiarism incident

5 The applicant in AAS 410 is Ms Tay Jie Qi (“Ms Tay”). Ms Tay graduated from
Singapore Management University (“SMU”). In her second year at SMU, she took
the Constitutional and Administrative Law module (“the Module”) under
Professor Benjamin Joshua Ong (“Professor Ong”), for which she had to submit
an individual research paper which accounted for 30% of her grade for the
Module (“the Research Paper”).

6 On 1 May 2019, Ms Tay received an e-mail from Professor Ong informing her
that she may have violated SMU’s Code of Academic Integrity (“the Violation”)
because several paragraphs in her Research Paper appeared to have been taken
from a paper submitted by another student who had taken the Module in a
previous year (“the Relevant Research Paper”).

7 On 3 May 2019, Ms Tay replied to Professor Ong’s e-mail and stated that
while some of the paragraphs flagged by Professor Ong were her own work, she
had taken the remaining paragraphs from the Relevant Research Paper without
attributing the source. She apologised and stated that she would accept any
punishment for her misconduct.

8 On 10 June 2019, Ms Tay met with Mr Raymond Singh (“Mr Singh”), the
Assistant Director of Student Conduct at SMU. During this meeting, Ms Tay
received an official letter of reprimand (“Letter of Reprimand”) from SMU’s
University Council of Student Conduct (“UCSC”). Mr Singh also explained to Ms
Tay that (a) the Violation would be recorded as an internal disciplinary
record within SMU and would not be reflected on her academic transcript upon
graduation; and (b) there would be a disciplinary sanction in the form of a
five-mark reduction for her Research Paper.

9 Ms Tay signed the Letter of Reprimand and accepted the disciplinary sanction
imposed by the UCSC. She also undertook not to commit any further violations
in the course of her studies at SMU. She subsequently graduated from SMU and
completed her Part B examinations without any further complaints of
misconduct.

The events leading up to the hearing of AAS 410

10 On 20 May 2022, Ms Tay filed her originating application to be admitted as
an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore. Of her own
initiative, she disclosed the incident of plagiarism in her affidavit for
admission dated 28 July 2022. Subsequently, the Attorney-General’s Chambers
(“AGC”) and the Law Society sought some additional information. On 10 August
2022, Ms Tay filed a supplementary affidavit detailing the incident. She also
annexed a table prepared by Professor Ong which showed the similarities
between her Research Paper and the Relevant Research Paper.

11 On 16 August 2022, the AGC filed its Notice of Objection. The AG
considereed that Ms Tay’s act of plagiarism in 2019 was dishonest and that Ms
Tay was not a fit and proper person to be admitted at that time. The AG urged
the court to dismiss Ms Tay’s application unless she withdrew her application
and undertook not to bring any fresh application for at least three months.

12 On 6 September 2022, at a case management conference (“CMC”), Ms Tay agreed
to adjourn her admission hearing for three months and for a further CMC to be
fixed in late December 2022 or January 2023. The adjournment was granted, and
a second CMC was held on 29 December 2022. At this CMC, the AGC sought leave
to withdraw its Notice of Objection. On 3 January 2023, the court granted
leave and the AG then withdrew his Notice of Objection on 28 February 2023.
The Law Society and the SILE have indicated that they have no objections to Ms
Tay’s admission.

Whether Ms Tay is a fit and proper person to be admitted

13 At the outset it may be noted that the facts and circumstances surrounding
Ms Tay’s conduct are dissimilar to those of the applicants in Re Leon Tay, Re
Wong Wai Loong Sean, and Re Monisha Devaraj in two main respects:

(a) Ms Tay did not cheat in her professional qualifying examinations but
committed plagiarism in one of her modules in her second year of university.
While plagiarism is not less serious than cheating in an examination, it may
be less aggravated when the misconduct in question is isolated and has taken
place a significant time before the admission process, rather than in the very
process of seeking admission.

(b) Unlike the other cases that have been dealt with, Ms Tay was entirely
forthcoming about the misconduct. She disclosed it in her admission affidavit
even though the facts were private and not public. I further note that as
early as 28 May 2022, Ms Tay contacted SMU’s Office of the Dean of Students to
obtain the records relating to her disciplinary conduct, which suggests that
she may have been contemplating disclosing this this incident even before the
incidents concerning the 2020 Part B Examination came into public attention.
In any case, the willingness to make disclosure of a matter that was not
publicly known suggests to me that she was resolute about coming clean and
facing up to the consequences.

14 In the circumstances before me, I am satisfied Ms Tay has sufficiently
shown that she has learnt from her mistake and can be considered a proper
person to be admitted as an advocate and solicitor in Singapore at this time.
I now elaborate on my reasons.

15 I earlier referred to the importance of assessing the significance of any
instance of misconduct with the benefit of the time that has passed since
then. In this case, it is significant that Ms Tay has maintained a clean
record through the remainder of her course of study at SMU and beyond that. In
the intervening period of nearly four years since the incident that took place
in or about May 2019, she has graduated from SMU and passed her Part B
examinations without any further suggestion of dishonesty or misconduct. As I
emphasised in Re Leon Tay at [42] and Re Wong Wai Loong Sean at [27], the
purpose of deferment in admission applications is not to punish, but to
provide a timeframe for the applicant to resolve her character issues and for
the stakeholders to regain confidence in the applicant’s suitability to be
admitted.

16 In my view, the period of time that has elapsed is a weighty factor in the
present circumstances because it serves as evidence that her remorse is real
and that she does have the necessary capacity for change and rehabilitation.
It demonstrates that Ms Tay has reflected on and understood the ramifications
of her misconduct as a student at SMU and has resolved not to repeat it. This
period also affords the stakeholders sufficient time to assess her suitability
for admission. Unlike the applicants in Re Leon Tay, Re Wong Wai Loong Sean,
and Re Monisha Devaraj, who cheated in their Part B examinations shortly
before their admission applications, there is no need to further defer Ms
Tay’s admission application in order to enable the stakeholders to assess her
suitability.

17 In addition, as I have already noted, Ms Tay demonstrated candour and
forthrightness in confronting her mistake. This can be seen not only from her
initial conduct during SMU’s investigations in 2019, but also from her
voluntary disclosures in her affidavit for admission. When Ms Tay was first
confronted by Professor Ong, she immediately admitted that certain paragraphs
in her Research Paper were taken from the Relevant Research Paper. She
apologised for her misconduct and indicated that she was willing to accept any
punishment meted out by the school. This contrasts favourably with the
applicant in Re Leon Tay who lied to the SILE when he was initially confronted
over his suspected cheating (see Re Leon Tay at [2] and [7]). Ms Tay’s
willingness to admit to her mistakes during the initial investigation is
similar to that of Mr Lim Zi Yi (“Mr Lim”) and Ms Annabelle Au Jia En (“Ms
Au”) in Re Wong Wai Loong Sean, and that was a significant factor I considered
in concluding that a shorter duration of deferment would suffice for Mr Lim
and Ms Au as compared to that for the other applicants in that case (see Re
Wong Wai Loong Sean at [73]).

18 Ms Tay also disclosed her misconduct at the first opportunity when she
filed her admission affidavit. She did this of her own accord notwithstanding
the fact that the Violation was filed as an internal disciplinary record
within SMU and was not reflected on her academic transcript upon graduation.
Indeed, it was not a matter that was made public at all. By voluntarily
highlighting this incident in her admission affidavit, Ms Tay demonstrated an
evident willingness to take responsibility for her mistake. This weighs
strongly in her favour and suggests to me that Ms Tay has learnt valuable
lessons from her mistake and that notwithstanding her lapse of judgment in her
second year of university, she can be considered a fit and proper person for
admission at this time. Everyone makes mistakes; the real question is whether
one demonstrates the capacity to learn from one’s mistakes and in my judgment,
Ms Tay has sufficiently demonstrated that.

19 Finally, I note that Ms Tay’s admission hearing was originally fixed on 23
August 2022, but she agreed to adjourn her admission hearing for three months.
In my view, the three-month adjournment, assuming it was needed at all, would
have afforded Ms Tay a further opportunity, in the specific context of seeking
admission to the roll, to reflect on the importance of the attributes of
honesty and integrity in this profession. All the relevant stakeholders have
indicated that they have no objections to her admission. In these
circumstances, I allow her admission application in AAS 410.

Ms Low Shauna

20 The applicant in AAS 572 is Ms Low Shauna (“Ms Low”). Ms Low too is a
graduate of SMU. In her affidavit for admission dated 30 September 2022, she
disclosed two incidents that occurred between 2016 and 2018 where she had
brushes with law enforcement.

The first incident

21 The first incident occurred sometime in the period between the later part
of 2016 and the early part of 2017. Ms Low was already a law student at SMU at
that time. She attempted to steal an eyeshadow palette, worth around $50, from
the Sephora store in ION Orchard. When she was leaving the store, she was
approached by the store’s security guards. She immediately admitted to
shoplifting and surrendered the eyeshadow palette. Subsequently, the security
guards called the police who recorded a statement from Ms Low, in which she
again admitted that she had shoplifted. On 6 January 2017, the police issued
Ms Low a stern warning in lieu of prosecution and informed her that there
would be a sealed police record of the incident.

The second incident

22 The second incident occurred sometime in 2017 or 2018. Ms Low had gone for
a night out with her boyfriend, her sister and some other acquaintances. The
group was attempting to enter a club when a staff member of the club found
some suspected illegal substances in the bag of one of the persons in the
group. The whole group was arrested and brought into police custody. Ms Low
was questioned, tested for drugs, and released the next morning.

23 According to Ms Low, she only found out after her release that a slab of
Xanax had been found in her sister’s bag. The Xanax belonged another person in
the group, who was seeing a psychiatrist at the time and had been prescribed
Xanax to cope with a medical issue, and who had asked Ms Low’s sister to keep
the Xanax with her that night. After the drug test results were out, an
officer from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) informed the group that no
further action would be taken against them.

The events leading up to AAS 572

24 After Ms Low’s initial disclosures, the Law Society sought some more
information and Ms Low filed a supplementary affidavit on 26 October 2022 to
provide further details of the two incidents.

25 On 31 October 2022, the AGC sent a letter to Ms Low stating its position
that Ms Low was not a fit and proper person to be admitted at that time and
invited her to adjourn her application for a period of three months. On 2
November 2022, Ms Low applied to adjourn the hearing of her admission
application (which was originally fixed on 9 November 2022) for three months.
The stakeholders did not object to her request and the adjournment was
granted.

26 During a CMC that was held on 31 January 2023, the AGC indicated that it
would not object to Ms Low’s admission if she agreed to file a further
supplementary affidavit confirming that no new facts had arisen since her last
supplementary affidavit that affected her suitability to be admitted as an
advocate and solicitor. Ms Low duly filed a further supplementary affidavit on
10 February 2023 confirming the same. The stakeholders have since indicated
that they have no objections to Ms Low’s admission.

Whether Ms Low is a fit and proper person to be admitted

27 I begin by noting that the second incident disclosed by Ms Low has no
apparent relevance to her suitability to practice as an advocate and
solicitor. This is so given that (a) Ms Low has consistently maintained she
did not know what transpired until after her release from custody; (b) there
was a valid explanation for the Xanax that was found in her sister’s bag; (c)
as it turned out this had nothing at all to do with Ms Low; and (d) Ms Low
tested negative for drugs and no further action was taken against her. It
follows from these considerations that the second incident does not show any
aspect of Ms Low’s conduct or character that affects her suitability to be
admitted as an advocate and solicitor. All in all, it seems to have been an
unfortunate incident, which she had disclosed out of an abundance of caution.

28 I turn then to the first incident, namely Ms Low’s act of shoplifting,
which is pertinent. Ms Low admitted in her supplementary affidavit that she
found the eyeshadow palette to be expensive and she “attempted to shoplift
said product by concealing it either in [her] bag or under [her jacket]”. This
reflects dishonesty, which is almost invariably seen as suggestive of
underlying character flaws that are incompatible with being admitted as an
advocate and solicitor. In our profession, clients invariably repose their
trust and confidence in lawyers, in various ways, including to handle their
money. It is essential in such circumstances, that lawyers act with the utmost
integrity and moral fortitude at all times. This is also mandated by the
nature of a lawyer’s vocation, which is to aid in the administration of
justice.

29 That said, the question I must determine today is whether Ms Low has
reflected on and remedied the character issues which surfaced in something she
did more than six years ago when she was 19 or 20 years old. In my judgment,
notwithstanding her brush with the law, Ms Low has demonstrated genuine
remorse and has reformed herself in the intervening period preceding her
admission application.

30 First, like Ms Tay, Ms Low has maintained a clean record since her
misconduct, more than six years ago. She graduated from SMU and passed her
Part B examinations without any suggestion or complaints of dishonesty or
misconduct. Her clean record in the years after her brush with the law
suggests that she has learnt from her mistake and has taken steps to reflect
on her mistake and on what she must do to reform herself. I stress again that
the purpose of a deferment in admission applications is not punitive, but
rehabilitative. Where an applicant has, through a consistent course of
conduct, demonstrated that she has turned over a new leaf, there is no need or
even basis for any further deferment of her admission application to punish
her. In each case, the need for such a deferment should be carefully assessed.
It should not be insisted upon as a matter of routine. And if appropriate, the
request for an adjournment should be explained so that the applicant
understands why this is being sought and what she must do to make the best use
of that time.

31 Second, Ms Low has also been forthcoming in her disclosures and her
willingness to take responsibility for her mistake. During the initial
investigations, Ms Low immediately confessed to shoplifting, cooperated with
the police and returned the eyeshadow palette. She also disclosed her
wrongdoing to the court and the stakeholders at the first opportunity in her
admission affidavit. This is notwithstanding the fact that the police informed
her that her act of shoplifting would be noted in a sealed police record. The
fact that Ms Low nonetheless disclosed the episode in her admission affidavit
demonstrates her willingness to openly confront her mistake. This reveals a
high degree of candour and accountability on Ms Low’s part, which are
qualities that every advocate and solicitor in Singapore should have.

32 I am therefore satisfied that notwithstanding Ms Low’s brush with the law
more than six years ago, she has shown that she is a fit and suitable person
who may be permitted to practice as an advocate and solicitor in Singapore.
All the stakeholders have indicated that they have no objections to her
admission. In these circumstances, I allow her admission application in AAS
572.

Conclusion

33 In conclusion, I allow both applications for admission in AAS 410 and AAS
572. Both applicants have demonstrated remorse and a sufficient capacity for
change and rehabilitation and have maintained clean records since their
respective misconduct. Both applicants have also been completely transparent
in their respective disclosures and have shown their willingness to hold
themselves accountable for their mistakes. I also highlight that they both
made voluntary disclosures of matters that were apparently not in the public
domain. I found the willingness of both these candidates to face up to their
mistakes and to deal candidly and forthrightly with the court and with the
stakeholders, heartening. In these circumstances, I am of the view that no
further deferment of their admission applications is necessary. I accordingly
make an order in terms of their respective applications for admission and
welcome them to the profession.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice|  
---|---  
  
Randhawa Ravinderpal Singh s/o Savinder Singh Randhawa and Yeo Kee Teng Mark
(Kalco Law LLC) for the applicant in AAS 410;

Mansurhusain Akbar Hussein and Remesha Chandran Pillai (Jacob Mansur & Pillai)
for the applicant in AAS 572;

Jeyendran Jeyapal, Lee Hui Min, Clement Lim and Lum Qian Wei (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for the Attorney-General;

Andrew Chua Ruiming (Drew & Napier LLC), Sui Yi Siong (Harry Elias Partnership
LLP), Darryl Chew Zijie (Chia Wong Partnership LLC) for the Law Society of
Singapore;

Avery Chong Soon Yong (Avery Chong Law Practice) for the Singapore Institute
of Legal Education.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 10 Mar 2023 (16:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

