Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 169

Criminal Case No 11 of 2022

Between

|  Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| CEJ  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Law — Abetment]

[Criminal Law — Offences — Rape]

[Criminal Law — Offences — Sexual offences]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Mitigation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

CEJ

[2023] SGHC 169

General Division of the High Court — Criminal Case No 11 of 2022  
See Kee Oon J  
4 May 2023

16 June 2023

See Kee Oon J:

1 The accused was convicted before me on 4 May 2023 after pleading guilty to
six proceeded charges (2nd, 3rd, 7th, 11th, 14th and 16th out of 17 charges in
total as per the Schedule of Offences). These involved five counts of abetment
by conspiracy to commit rape under s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) read
with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) and one
count of sexual assault by digital-vaginal penetration under s 376(2)(a)
punishable under s 376(3) of the Penal Code.

2 A further 11 related charges were taken into consideration (“TIC”) with the
accused’s consent for the purpose of sentencing. Five of the TIC charges were
also for abetment by conspiracy to commit rape. Another three counts were for
sexual assault by penetration (two for penile-oral penetration and one for
digital-vaginal penetration). Two counts involved voluntarily causing hurt by
administering a poison under s 328 of the Penal Code and one final count was
for outrage of modesty under s 354(1) of the Penal Code.

3 I sentenced the accused to an aggregate imprisonment term of 29 years and to
caning subject to the maximum of 24 strokes permitted by law. As the accused
has appealed against his sentence, the full reasons for my decision
incorporating my oral sentencing remarks are set out below.

Facts

4 The accused admitted the Statement of Facts (“SOF”) without qualification. I
do not propose to recite the SOF in detail for present purposes. I shall only
set out a brief summary of the salient aspects.

5 Through the “SammyBoy” online forum and messaging platforms such as “Skype”
messenger, the accused was in contact with his five co-accused (B2 – “CEK”: B3
– “CEL”; B4 – “CEM”; B5 – “CEN” and B6 – “CEO”) to discuss their wife-sharing
fantasies where they (as husbands) would watch another man (the accused or one
of the co-accused) having sex with their wives. They then proceeded with their
plans to realise their fantasies, and this took place from as early as 2010
until 9 August 2018.

6 Of the six proceeded charges, the five proceeded charges of abetment by
conspiracy to commit rape involved the accused and his co-accused arranging to
sedate their wives or ex-wife through spiking their drinks or on the pretext
of feeding them medication. While their victims were unconscious, the accused
or his co-accused would have sexual intercourse with the other man’s wife (or
ex-wife). In the remaining charge of the six proceeded charges, the accused
digitally penetrated the co-accused’s wife. In various instances, they did not
use condoms. As these acts occurred, the husbands (or ex-husband) stood by
watching their wives (or ex-wife) being raped or sexually assaulted. At times,
they would also video-record or photograph the sexual acts taking place. The
accused and his co-accused shared these photographs or video footages with
each other. From Skype chats between the accused and CEK, it would appear that
some of these photographs or videos were also uploaded onto the Internet.

7 In respect of the five proceeded counts involving abetment by conspiracy to
commit rape, the accused had arranged in three instances for his wife (“A1”)
to be raped by his co-accused. In respect of the other two proceeded counts,
the accused himself had raped two other victims who were the wife (“A2”) and
ex-wife (“A4”) respectively of two of his co-accused, CEK and CEM. For the
remaining count proceeded with, the accused had digitally penetrated A2. The
victims were sedated in all the instances by the accused or the co-accused and
were not in any state to consent to any of the acts.

8 The offences only came to light in the early hours of 1 January 2020. While
the accused was sleeping, A1 was turning off a video which she saw playing on
the accused’s handphone when she chanced upon a “Skype” chat between the
accused and CEK. The chat contained explicit images of her including one of
her naked with a blindfold, and another of her unconscious with two penises
over her face. As she scrolled down the chat messages, she discovered that the
accused and CEK had been “exchanging wives” and had done this by using “drugs,
charms and stimulants”.

9 Shocked, A1 slapped the accused awake, who confessed to her that the two
penises in the image were his and CEK’s. After A1’s discovery, the accused
deleted the incriminating chats from his handphone. Later that day, the
accused brought A1 to CEK’s residence, at her request. When confronted by A1,
CEK admitted that he had sex with her while she was unconscious, and that he
had also made his own wife (A2) unconscious for the accused to have sex with
her.

10 On 2 January 2020, A1 lodged a police report. On 3 January 2020, the police
arrested the accused and CEK, and seized from the accused items including a
blindfold used by him on A1 in the commission of the offences. The police
subsequently also seized digital storage media from the accused, CEK, CEM and
CEN, containing photographs and videos of themselves and the other men
performing various sexual acts on the victims.

11 The SOF also contained other relevant background information pertaining to
the 11 TIC charges.

The parties’ sentencing submissions

12 The Prosecution submitted that there were serious offence and offender-
specific aggravating factors as outlined in the Prosecution’s Address on
Sentence (“PAS”) and its oral sentencing submissions. Retribution and
deterrence were the dominant sentencing considerations. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Prosecution’s Address on Sentence (“PAS”) at para 11.

13 As set out in the PAS, as many as six distinct offence-specific aggravating
factors were evident from the SOF. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PAS at para 20.

Two main factors were highlighted in the Prosecution’s oral submissions,
namely the clear premeditation and planning involved in all the charges, and
the gross betrayal and abuse of trust against the accused’s own wife. The only
mitigating factor was the accused’s plea of guilt, which showed some remorse
on his part by sparing the victims from having to testify at trial. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PAS at para 40.

14 It was submitted that the rape and digital penetration charges would fall
minimally within the middle to higher end of Band 2 of the sentencing
frameworks laid down by the Court of Appeal in Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public
Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 (“Terence Ng”) and Pram Nair v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 2 SLR 1015 (“Pram Nair”) respectively. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PAS at para 42.

15 The Prosecution sought a global sentence in the range of 28 to 32 years’
imprisonment and caning which would be capped at the statutory limit of 24
strokes. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PAS at para 45.

The Prosecution highlighted the fact that the accused had conspired and
abetted five other men to drug and have them rape his wife (A1) while she was
unconscious. He had conspired with two other men (CEK and CEM) to rape their
wife and ex-wife respectively. The offences were committed over a prolonged
period of almost eight years from 2010 to 2018.

16 Four of the co-accused had already been sentenced after having pleaded
guilty. They were sentenced to between 13 to 22 years’ imprisonment and 20
strokes of the cane. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PAS at para 55.

The four accused faced between two to five charges each. The proposed
sentencing range for the accused, who faced 17 charges in total, would not
offend the principle of parity and would appropriately reflect the severity of
his offences.

17 The accused tendered two lengthy written pleas in mitigation. The first was
dated 18 April 2023 (“WMP1”). The second was dated 4 May 2023 (“WMP2”). WMP2
was tendered only on the morning that he was scheduled to plead guilty before
me. He confirmed that he wished to rely on both WMP1 and WMP2 (collectively,
the “WMPs”).

18 In WMP1, the accused enumerated a series of objections to various portions
of an earlier draft SOF which was extended to him prior to 18 April 2023. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Written Mitigation Plea dated 18 April 2013 (“WMP1”) at paras 4–9.

Substantially similar objections had been raised at an earlier stage in the
proceedings. I should clarify that the draft SOF had since been amended. A
revised SOF which took into account his previous objections was before me on
the date when he was scheduled to plead guilty (4 May 2023). In addition, as
reflected in the transcripts of the hearing on 4 May 2023, prior to his plea
being taken, I had ascertained from the accused whether he continued to have
concerns about any portion of the revised SOF. While he confirmed that some
concerns did remain, I did not see how any of these concerns would amount to a
qualification of his plea. In the event, his plea of guilt was eventually
recorded uneventfully and he did not raise any further objections to the SOF.

19 In mitigation, and with reference in particular to WMP2, the accused
expressed his regret and remorse over the offences. He stated that he was
“sincerely regretful” of his wrongdoings and remorsefully wished to submit
himself to punishment as soon as possible. He stated that A1 had forgiven him,
and his mother and daughters wanted him to return home. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Written Mitigation Plea dated 4 May 2023 (“WMP2”) at para 29.

He blamed “irresponsible and unethical people” for trying to “over-
sensationalise [his] case as a pornographic story that stems from fantasy of
threesome sex and wife sharing/swapping” and painting a persona of him which
was “totally not what [he was] in reality”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

WMP2 at para 12.

20 While expressing his love and devotion for A1 in WMP2, the accused also
asserted that it was his “shocking discovery of her affairs” that sparked off
the very first of his offences (in 2010). In 2014, “to further rub salt into
the injury, she had another affair with her colleague”. He claimed that in
both instances, she had taunted, mocked and humiliated him and “these were the
catalyst that further [pushed him] into taking retaliatory action in
response”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

WMP2 at para 19.

21 The accused also claimed that he was “never interested” in the wives of his
co-accused but had only been acting to “reciprocate their [ie. his co-
accused’s] friendship and their help”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

WMP2 at para 20.

He sought to distance himself from his co-accused, explaining that he did not
want to be sentenced together with them, “not wanting to be seen and
stereotype[d] as one who thinks and behaves the same as them and have the same
agenda”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

WMP2 at para 27.

He further claimed in WMP1 that his actions and state of mind at the time of
the offences were in fact “triggered” because he had been influenced by his
co-accused CEK and CEL. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

WMP1 at para 6.

My decision on sentence

The accused’s mental condition

22 In WMP1, the accused annexed a copy of a psychiatric report from Dr Tommy
Tan (“Dr Tan”) dated 9 April 2022 (“Dr Tan’s report”). Dr Tan diagnosed the
accused as having compulsive sexual behaviour disorder (“CSBD”) or sex
addiction in layman’s terms. The accused sought to rely on this diagnosis in
support of his mitigation plea. I shall briefly address the reliability and
relevance of Dr Tan’s report as a preliminary point. That being said, I was
also fully conscious that the accused had gone on in WMP2 to label Dr Tan’s
diagnosis as “superficial” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

WMP2 at para 24.

and also seemed to be somewhat critical of Dr Tan in his oral submission.

23 Dr Tan opined in his report that the accused’s condition of CSBD together
with his low self-esteem and self-doubt about his masculinity, were
“significant contributory factors” in his commission of the alleged offences.
Dr Tan did not however suggest that his disorder had impaired his judgment and
decision-making capacity.

24 In response to WMP1, the Prosecution tendered Dr Jerome Goh’s Institute of
Mental Health (“IMH”) reports dated 6 February 2020 and 3 October 2022,
indicating that the accused did not have CSBD or any other mental disorder at
the time of the alleged offences. Dr Goh’s opinion was that a high sex drive
did not necessarily equate to CSBD or sex addiction and the accused’s sexual
impulses or urges were not irresistible or uncontrollable.

25 I found that a “Newton” hearing was unnecessary as the doctors’ respective
reports and conclusions could be evaluated by the court on the basis of the
analysis and reasoning found in their reports. Dr Tan’s report was of
questionable assistance since it was premised largely on the accused’s self-
reported account, with no real attempt to verify his assertions against other
available material such as the draft charges or statement of facts. More
importantly, Dr Tan had not adequately explained how he had formed his views
about the accused having suffered from a mental condition since over 10 years
ago based solely on his fairly recent consultations in March 2022.

26 As the Prosecution pointedly noted in its Reply to the Plea in Mitigation
(“Reply to WMP1”), the “fatal flaw” in Dr Tan’s report was that there was no
reference at all to the accused’s account of the alleged offences. As such, Dr
Tan did not provide any explanation or reasoning as to the effect of the
accused’s purported mental condition on his offending. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Prosecution’s Reply to Plea in Mitigation (“Reply to WMP1”) at para 9.

In fact, Dr Tan’s report contained no mention whatsoever of the numerous rape
or digital-vaginal/penile-oral penetration offences which were perpetrated
over the course of eight years while the victims were drugged and unconscious.
It would appear that Dr Tan’s conclusions were based on a completely different
and palpably mistaken understanding of the actual factual context.

27 I did not accept that Dr Tan’s report was reliable and relevant. Much like
the psychiatric report that was relied upon by the appellant in Wong Tian Jun
De Beers v Public Prosecutor [2022] 4 SLR 805, Dr Tan’s report was of little
or no assistance to the accused in mitigation.

28 Ultimately, the accused was clearly able to understand the nature and
consequences of his conduct. His condition, even if properly diagnosed, had in
any event not impaired his ability to perform his work, or to judge, plan and
make decisions. I did not accept that his conduct was somehow mitigated by a
claimed addiction to sex. The point was put across well at para 17 of the
Prosecution’s Reply to WMP1: “no mitigating weight can or should be given to a
rapist who claims he is addicted to sex”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Reply to WMP1 at para 17.

I did not see how he had demonstrated any difficulty in making appropriate
choices or comprehending the consequences of his conduct.

Offence-specific factors

29 Two aspects of this case were noteworthy from the SOF: the shocking
betrayal of marital trust by the accused and the egregious sexual perversion
in the offending conduct.

30 As the SOF plainly demonstrated, and as highlighted in the PAS, there were
multiple serious offence-specific aggravating factors, namely, (a) significant
planning and premeditation; (b) the victims’ vulnerability; (c) exposure to
risks of sexual diseases/unwanted pregnancies; (d) violation of the sanctity
of the victims’ homes; (e) recording and dissemination of the incidents; and
(f) betrayal of trust and abuse of trust. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PAS at paras 21– 38.

In addition to these, two of the TIC charges also raised the further
aggravating use of sedatives on A1.

31 The accused did not dispute that there were aggravating factors which
should be taken into account. In WMP1, he conceded that the use of sedatives,
the commission of the offences at the victims’ place of residence,
premeditation and prolonged duration of offending were all aggravating
circumstances. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

WMP1 at para 23.

Offender-specific factors

32 Turning to the offender-specific aggravating factors, these were obviously
not one-off offences as can be seen from the sheer number of charges and the
lengthy duration over which the offences were committed. The accused had
persisted in his offending conduct from 2010 until 2018.

33 The accused had no antecedents. He had pleaded guilty. That said, despite
knowing that the game was up when he was abruptly awakened from his sleep and
confronted by A1 on 1 January 2020, he went on to delete the incriminating
chats from his handphone. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of Facts (“SOF”) at para 5.

It was undisputed nonetheless that he eventually did cooperate in the police
investigations. Both his plea of guilt and his cooperation reflected some
measure of remorse for his actions.

34 The accused maintained in both WMP1 and WMP2 that he was remorseful,
regretted his wrongdoings and “really wanted to come clean and atone” for
[his] sins”. I was not persuaded however that the accused was unreservedly
remorseful. He did not appear to have fully understood the gravity of his
offences although he had indicated that he wished to own up, take
responsibility and accept the punishment that was due.

35 While I sought to account for the relevant mitigating factors and the
totality principle, I could not ignore the fact that the WMPs were replete
with self-serving attempts to deflect responsibility and shift blame to
others, particularly his co-accused CEK and CEL. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

WMP1 at para 6.

36 Most regrettably, the accused had resorted to a form of victim-blaming,
suggesting that a “reason of (sic) [his] offending” was because he was
purportedly “in emotional distress and was severely distraughted from (sic)
[his] wife’s infidelities”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

WMP1 at para 7, para 19.

He maintained this claim in WMP2 while acknowledging that he had committed the
offences involving his wife as a retaliatory measure for his wife’s alleged
infidelities. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

WMP2 at paras 19–20.

He only informed Dr Tan that he “was jealous of [his wife] if she had an
affair, yet he tried to encourage a neighbour to have sexual relations with
her and allowed others to have sexual intercourse with her”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Psychiatric report from Dr Tommy Tan dated 9 April 2022 (“Dr Tan’s report”) at
para 37.

He admitted that he himself had extra-marital affairs. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Dr Tan’s report at para 30.

Whatever all this may have been intended to convey, and even if his wife may
have also had affairs herself, his statement to Dr Tan did not reflect the
frame of mind of a severely distraught husband who was in emotional distress.
More importantly, any perceived grievance on his part could neither justify
nor mitigate his actions.

37 Moreover, the accused attempted to downplay the seriousness of his offences
by contending that he was unfairly labelled as a sexual predator or a deviant
with fetishistic “wife-sharing” proclivities, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

WMP2 at para 26; WMP1 at para 4ii).

and that he was “never interested” in the wives (and ex-wife) of his co-
accused. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

WMP2 at para 20.

These claims rang hollow. The sordid facts of this case spoke for themselves.

38 I found no discernible indication of genuine remorse. In support of his
mitigation plea, the accused further adduced letters pleading for leniency
from A1, his mother and three of his young daughters. He maintained that these
letters were given by them voluntarily and he had their consent to tender them
to the court. What he did not clarify (and possibly was not able to confirm)
was whether the writers continued to stand by their expressed sentiments. In
response, the Prosecution pointed out that these letters were all written
quite some time back in March 2020, not long after the accused was arrested
and remanded. The writers were obviously unaware then that he would be charged
with as many as 17 offences. This was a significant point. The Prosecution
clarified that A1 had not realised the full extent of the accused’s misdeeds
until much later. This was reflected in her Victim Impact Statement recorded
on 25 January 2022, annexed as Annex A to the PAS.

39 The Prosecution highlighted that A1 had stated at paras 7 and 8 of her
Victim Impact Statement that she had thought there was only one co-accused at
the start. I reproduce these paras below:

7 At the start, I only thought that there was only one co-accused.
Subsequently, when there were more and more accused being charged in court,
only did I realise how bad this case was. I kept thinking about how cruel he
was to do this to me.

8 As time went by, I began to feel numbed about the whole case and I chose not
to feel anything about it. I wanted to focus my energy to take care of my
children and the family.

40 Having regard to A1’s sentiments as set out above, it would appear that the
accused’s suggestion that A1 had unconditionally forgiven him and would
support his plea for leniency was misleading, or inaccurate at the very least.

Calibration of the sentence

41 The Prosecution fairly conceded that the accused should still be given some
credit for his plea of guilt which would at least spare the victims from
having to recount their ordeal at his trial. I agreed that this was fair and
appropriate on the facts.

42 Apart from the accused’s (late) plea of guilt, there were no other
mitigating factors. There was a compelling need for a deterrent sentence and
also for the sentence to adequately reflect retributive principles. To
aggravate matters, there was persistence in his offending conduct spanning a
considerable number of years from 2010 to 2018, which would warrant a measure
of specific deterrence. Given his repeated offending over these years, he
could not be treated purely as a first offender.

43 On account of the accumulated offence-specific aggravating factors, I
agreed with the Prosecution’s submission as to the applicability of the
Terence Ng and Pram Nair frameworks.

44 Band 2 of the Terence Ng framework specifies that for rape cases which
contain two or more offence-specific aggravating factors, the sentencing range
from which an indicative starting point can be derived ought to fall between
13 to 17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. Band 2 of the Pram
Nair framework specifies that for digital penetration cases which contain two
or more offence-specific aggravating factors, the sentencing range from which
an indicative starting point can be derived ought to fall between 10 to 15
years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane.

45 In my view, the Prosecution justifiably identified the appropriate
indicative starting point sentences as follows:

a. between 13 to 17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane in respect
of the rape charges involving A1, A2 and A4; and

b. between 10 to 15 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane in
respect of the digital penetration charge involving A2.

46 In respect of the rape offences, given that the accused had pleaded guilty,
the Prosecution submitted that the indicative starting point sentence of up to
17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane should be adjusted downwards
to between nine to 11 years’ imprisonment and 10 to 12 strokes of the cane for
the 2nd and 7th charges which involved A2 and A4. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PAS at para 43.

As for the 11th, 14th and 16th charges which involved A1, the Prosecution
submitted for a downward adjustment to between 11 to 13 years’ imprisonment
and 10 to 12 strokes of the cane. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PAS at para 44.

47 In respect of the digital penetration charge, given that the accused had
pleaded guilty, the Prosecution submitted that the indicative starting point
sentence of up to 15 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane should
be adjusted downwards to eight years’ imprisonment and six to eight strokes of
the cane. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PAS at para 43.

48 I agreed that the sentencing ranges proposed by the Prosecution would be
appropriate in the present case. The Prosecution’s proposed sentences were
also consistent with the sentencing precedents cited.

Conclusion

49 For the reasons set out above, having taken into account all the relevant
sentencing considerations, I sentenced the accused as follows:

a. 2nd charge – 10 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane;

b. 3rd charge – eight years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane;

c. 7th charge – 10 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane;

d. 11th charge – 11 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane;

e. 14th charge – 11 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane;

f. 16th charge - 11 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

50 Pursuant to s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”), I ordered the sentences for the 3rd, 7th and 11th charges to run
consecutively, resulting in an aggregate imprisonment sentence of 29 years’
imprisonment. The punishment of caning totalled 66 strokes but this was
limited to the maximum statutory permissible limit of 24 strokes as set out in
s 328(6) of the CPC.

51 In my view, the total sentence of 29 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of
the cane was not crushing or disproportionate to the gravity of the offences.
It was in line with considerations of sentencing parity when compared against
the sentences of his co-accused, all of whom faced far fewer charges.
Specifically, none of the four co-accused who had been sentenced thus far was
involved in more than five offences. The accused was involved in 17.

52 The sentence was backdated to the date of his arrest on 3 January 2020.

Postscript

53 As a postscript, I note that the accused has raised only two grounds for
appealing in his notice of appeal: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Notice of Appeal (Crime) dated 17 May 2023 in CA/CCA 6/2023.

1\. My spouse wish that I am able to seek the honourable courts’ leniency for
a lighter sentence.

2\. I was not able to be represented by a defense counsel at the point of
pleading guilty.

54 I shall address these grounds briefly. In respect of the first ground, even
granting the accused the benefit of doubt that A1 had in fact expressed such a
wish (ie. for him to have a lighter sentence), no contemporaneous written
mitigation plea from A1 was put forth on his behalf when he pleaded guilty
before me. I noted that none of his family members appeared to be present in
the courtroom as well. All the accused had to show for as a demonstration of
A1’s purported continuing support for him was her letter dating from 25 March
2020. This letter had evidently been superseded by events, as A1’s subsequent
Victim Impact Statement of 25 January 2022 revealed. Apart from the accused’s
own say-so, there was nothing else to indicate that A1 had since experienced a
change of heart.

55 As for the second ground, it is pertinent to note from the case record that
the accused had previously been represented by two different counsel. His
first counsel had acted for him since 2020 and was discharged on 13 May 2022,
apparently because the accused disagreed with counsel’s advice. His second
counsel was discharged on 28 October 2022 when he was originally scheduled to
plead guilty along with a few of his co-accused. He apparently changed his
mind and counsel obtained a discharge owing to his inconsistent instructions.
In short, the accused already had the benefit of legal advice for well over
two years from two different counsel.

56 The fact that the accused was unrepresented when he pleaded guilty on 4 May
2023 is not relevant to whether his sentence was manifestly excessive. He was
afforded every opportunity to mitigate. He was given more than sufficient
notice and ample time to prepare for his mitigation. The record would also
show that I had endeavoured to guide him as much as I could through the course
of the proceedings. I do not think that he was prejudiced or impeded in any
way on account of being unrepresented.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Gail Wong, Ang Siok Chen and Lim Ying Min

(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;

Accused in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Jun 2023 (11:47 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

