Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 70

District Court Appeal No 39 of 2022

Between

| Pappa w/o Veeramuthu  
---|---  
|  
  
… Appellant

And

| National University Health Services Group Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Tort — Negligence — Breach of duty]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pappa w/o Veeramuthu

  
v

  

National University Health Services Group Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 70

General Division of the High Court — District Court Appeal No 39 of 2022  
Hri Kumar Nair J  
22 February 2023

29 March 2023 Judgment reserved.

Hri Kumar Nair J:

Introduction

1 Mdm Pappa w/o Veeramuthu (“Mdm Pappa”) is 80 years old. On 10 April 2017,
while recovering from surgery on her broken right leg in Jurong Community
Hospital (“JCH”), she fell and fractured her other leg. She brought an action
for damages against the respondent, National University Health Services Group
Pte Ltd (the “respondent”), which owns and manages JCH. Following a three-day
trial in DC/DC 890/2020, the learned District Judge (the “DJ”) dismissed her
claim. This is her appeal against that decision.

2 I allow the appeal for the reasons below.

Facts

Background to the dispute

3 On 12 March 2017, Mdm Pappa was admitted to Ng Teng Fong General Hospital
(“NTFGH”). She had fallen at home and suffered a fracture of her right thigh
bone. She underwent a right hip fixation with dynamic hip screw surgery the
next day. Mdm Pappa’s recovery at NTFGH was uneventful. She was assessed as a
patient at risk of falling and underwent daily physiotherapy and occupation
therapy sessions.

4 Mdm Pappa was assessed to require rehabilitative care. On 20 March 2017, she
was transferred to JCH, where she was placed in an eight-bed ward. On or
around 28 March 2017, she developed an infection and was transferred to a
single-bed isolation ward (the “Room”). She was also assessed as a patient at
risk of falling throughout the duration of her stay at JCH.

5 In the Room, there was a single bed (the “Bed”), an emergency call bell (the
“Bell”), a geriatric chair, a chair for visitors (the “Visitor’s Chair”) and a
table on rollers of an adjustable height (the “Table”). There was also a
toilet within the Room (the “Toilet”). Two doors separated the Room from the
corridor of the ward – a first door which opened into a smaller room (for the
purposes of preparing to enter, and cleaning up after exiting, the Room) and
then a second door to enter the Room. When Mdm Pappa was in the Room, she was
not visible to the nursing staff outside the Room. Neither was there any
close-circuit television (“CCTV”) in the Room. Her only means of communicating
with the nursing staff was via the Bell.

Mdm Pappa’s fall

6 On 10 April 2017, just before 8am, Patient Care Assistant Ms Myat Swe Zin
Myint (“Ms Myat”) entered the Room to assist Mdm Pappa with her morning
hygiene routine. Mdm Pappa’s breakfast was also brought in and placed on the
Table.

7 After Ms Myat left the Room, at about 8.35am, Staff Nurse Ms Hou Wenfeng
(“Ms Hou”) entered the Room on her medication rounds. When she entered the
Room, Mdm Pappa was seated in the Visitor’s Chair with the Table (and her
breakfast) in front of her. Ms Hou gave Mdm Pappa her medication and left. No
one entered the Room thereafter until after Mdm Pappa fell.

8 A few minutes after Ms Hou left, Mdm Pappa attempted to get out of the
Visitor’s Chair on her own but fell (the “Fall”). Mdm Pappa crawled to the Bed
and managed to press the Bell. JCH’s records show that the Bell was activated
at 8.53am. What happened after Mdm Pappa was attended to is not disputed: she
was carried back on to the Bed, her vital signs were checked and a doctor
reviewed her condition. Mdm Pappa’s children, Ms V Tamilselvi d/o Veeramuthu
(“Ms Tamilselvi”) and Mr V Thiruchelvam (“Mr Thiruchelvam”), were contacted
and went to JCH.

9 Mdm Pappa was found to have suffered a sub-trochanteric fracture of the left
femur and underwent surgery on 11 April 2017. On 18 April 2017, she was
transferred to St Luke’s Hospital for rehabilitation, and thereafter,
arrangements were made for her to attend reviews at the Specialist Outpatient
and Orthopaedic Clinics at NTFGH and physiotherapy sessions.

The parties’ cases

10 The parties’ respective accounts of what happened in the Room (a) when Ms
Myat and Ms Hou were there; and (b) between the time Ms Hou left the Room and
the time Mdm Pappa suffered the Fall, diverge in material aspects.

Mdm Pappa’s claim

11 Mdm Pappa’s case is that after Ms Myat had assisted her with her morning
routine, Ms Myat brought her to the Visitor’s Chair to have her breakfast,
which was placed on the Table in front of her. The Visitor’s Chair was
approximately one metre away from the Bed. At about 8.35am, Ms Hou entered the
Room to give Mdm Pappa her medication, saw Mdm Pappa seated in the Visitor’s
Chair and left the Room without checking whether the Bell was within Mdm
Pappa’s reach. Mdm Pappa started to experience immense and unbearable pain in
her back. The Bell was out of her reach. She tried to shout for help, but no
one came to her aid. As she did not know when the nursing staff would next
enter the Room, she decided to move to the Bed on her own. In doing so, she
lost her balance and fell. She cried out in pain but no one came to her aid.
She managed to crawl to the Bell and pressed it. She was attended to by the
nursing staff after about 10 to 15 minutes. At about 10.40am, she gave an
account of the Fall to a doctor reviewing her case, with Mr Thiruchelvam
acting as her interpreter as she could not speak English.

12 Mdm Pappa pleaded a myriad of breaches on the part of the respondent. She
claimed that:

(a) The respondent and/or its employees, servants and/or agents had been
negligent and breached their duty of care owed to her, by failing to render
reasonable medical and/or nursing care. This failure was a consequence of
their:

(i) failing to take any or any reasonable care to ensure that there was proper
and effective supervision and/or monitoring of her;

(ii) failing to take any or any reasonable steps to monitor her at regular
intervals to ensure that she was comfortable and not in pain;

(iii) failing to “have known or ought to have known” that she would not have
been able to sit in the Visitor’s Chair for a prolonged period of time, which
was approximately 50 minutes, without feeling any pain;

(iv) failing to take any or any timely action to assist her out of the
Visitor’s Chair and onto the Bed;

(v) negligently allowing her to be able to transfer herself from the Visitor’s
Chair to the Bed without any assistance from the respondent and/or its agents,
employees and/or servants;

(vi) failing to observe that she suffered the Fall;

(vii) failing to ensure that the Bell was within her reach;

(viii) failing to take any or any timely action once she pressed the Bell for
help after she had suffered the Fall;

(ix) failing to take any or any timely action to assist her off the floor
after she suffered the Fall;

(x) failing to manage, control, take appropriate measures or in any way do
whatever was reasonably necessary to ensure her safety and to ensure that she
did not suffer the Fall during her period of hospitalisation at the
respondent’s hospital;

(xi) failing to have a safe system in place to ensure that she did not suffer
the Fall;

(xii) failing to have in place and/or to comply with appropriate protocols,
standard operating procedures and/or guidelines to ensure the safety of
patients and prevent them from suffering falls, especially in the case of
elderly patients who are cared for in single-bed isolation rooms, such as the
Room, and are noted to be high fall-risk patients, such as herself;

(xiii) failing to take adequate steps to ensure that she did not suffer any
injuries during her hospitalisation at the respondent’s hospital;

(xiv) failing to provide appropriate medical and/or nursing care, treatment
and/or advice to her at the respondent’s hospital;

(xv) failing to provide a safe environment for her; and

(xvi) in these circumstances, negligently exposing her to a risk of a fall,
which they knew or ought to have known might occur, and any injuries that
would arise as a result of a fall.

(b) The doctrine of res ipsa loqitar applied.

(c) The respondent had breached the contract it had with her, by:

(i) failing to render reasonable and good medical and/or nursing treatment,
care and advice to her; and

(ii) causing and/or failing to take appropriate measures to prevent the Fall.

The respondent’s defence

13 The respondent’s case is that at about 7.40am, Ms Myat helped Mdm Pappa
with her toileting and hygiene needs in the Toilet. Ms Myat then, at Mdm
Pappa’s request, assisted her to sit upright on the Bed, with her legs over
the side, to have breakfast. Ms Myat placed the Table with the breakfast in
front of Mdm Pappa. After checking that the Bell was within Mdm Pappa’s reach,
Ms Myat left the Room. Later, at about 8.35am, Ms Hou entered the Room to give
Mdm Pappa her medication. She saw Mdm Pappa seated in the Visitor’s Chair,
with the Table in front of her. It is the respondent’s case that Mdm Pappa
must have made her own way from the Bed to the Visitor’s Chair. Ms Hou ensured
that Mdm Pappa consumed her medication. She decided to leave Mdm Pappa seated
in the Visitor’s Chair as she appeared comfortable and did not complain of any
pain. She checked that the Bell was within Mdm Pappa’s reach and left the
Room. Mdm Pappa then tried to move to the Bed on her own, which she knew she
should not have done. She could have asked for assistance by using the Bell
but failed to do so. The nurses and staff also responded to Mdm Pappa within a
reasonable time – Mdm Pappa was attended to at around 9am after the Bell was
activated at 8.53am.

14 The respondent therefore maintains that it was neither negligent nor in
breach of its contract with Mdm Pappa. It argued that it had put in place
adequate fall protection measures to minimise Mdm Pappa’s risk of falling at
JCH. However, these required the cooperation and compliance of Mdm Pappa. In
this instance, Mdm Pappa neither tried to call for assistance using the Bell
to move from the Visitor’s Chair to the Bed, nor informed Ms Hou about her
alleged back pain which precipitated her attempt to self-ambulate.
Accordingly, the Fall was not caused or contributed to by any breach on the
respondent’s part.

15 The respondent further argues that Mdm Pappa was contributorily negligent
for:

(a) moving from the Bed to the Visitor’s Chair on her own without calling for
assistance;

(b) failing to inform Ms Hou, or any of the respondent’s staff, that she was
in pain or discomfort while sitting in the Visitor’s Chair and/or that she
wanted to be assisted from the Visitor’s Chair back to the Bed;

(c) failing to use the Bell to call for nursing assistance before attempting
to move from the Visitor’s Chair to the Bed on her own, even though the Bell
was visible and within her reach at the material time; and

(d) failing to adhere to the nurses’ instructions not to ambulate on her own
without calling for nursing assistance.

Decision below

16 The DJ’s main findings of fact, as set out in his Grounds of Decision
(“GD”) issued on 28 November 2022, are as follows:

(a) Mdm Pappa failed to show on a balance of probabilities that the Visitor’s
Chair was one metre away from the Bed at the time of the Fall. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

GD at paras 50 and 81.

The photographs adduced by the respondent in the Agreed Bundle of Documents
(“BOD”) were an accurate representation of the actual distance of the
Visitor’s Chair from the Bed at the time of the Fall. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

GD at para 51.

(b) Mdm Pappa could move the Table on her own and could transfer herself from
the Bed to the Visitor’s Chair. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

GD at para 54.

Self-ambulation by Mdm Pappa, while not prudent, was not impossible, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

GD at para 55.

so it was neither impossible nor implausible that Mdm Pappa would feel
confident enough to transfer herself from the Bed to the Visitor’s Chair. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

GD at para 54.

(c) The Bell was within Mdm Pappa’s reach; 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

GD at paras 79–82.

further, even if it was not, the cord of the Bell was within her reach. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

GD at para 81.

(d) Ms Myat served Mdm Pappa her breakfast at around 8.00am with Mdm Pappa
seated on the Bed, and not the Visitor’s Chair. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

GD at para 67.

(e) Ms Myat did not place Mdm Pappa in the Visitor’s Chair. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

GD at para 67.

(f) Mdm Pappa did not complain of pain in her back when Ms Hou gave Mdm Pappa
her medication and provided her with Ketoprofen 30mg plasters for pain. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

GD at paras 75 and 76.

(g) Mdm Pappa probably did not have unbearable back pain immediately preceding
the Fall. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

GD at paras 73–78.

(h) Mdm Pappa’s claim of unbearable back pain was “an afterthought concocted
to plug the gap in her case and provide a justification for her attempt to
self-transfer from the [V]isitor’s [C]hair to the [B]ed, which was the real
cause of her fall”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

GD at para 78.

17 Pertinently, the DJ found that Mr Thiruchelvam’s evidence recounting Mdm
Pappa’s account of the Fall to the doctor at 10.40am on 10 April 2017 amounted
to hearsay evidence which should be given no or minimal weight. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

GD at para 56.

He also found that Ms Myat was a credible witness 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

GD at para 58.

and that Mdm Pappa was not – the DJ observed that Mdm Pappa was defensive,
evasive, gave rehearsed evidence, and was at times muddled and incoherent. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

GD at paras 59–66.

18 The DJ found that Ms Hou, and thus the respondent, had not fallen below the
standard of care required, for the following reasons:

(a) Ms Myat did not transfer or cause Mdm Papa to be seated in the Visitor’s
Chair. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

GD at para 68.

(b) Ms Myat and Ms Hou did not leave the Bell out of Mdm Pappa’s reach. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

GD at para 82.

(c) Ms Hou did not fall below the required standard of care when she allowed
Mdm Pappa to remain seated in the Visitor’s Chair. This was especially since
Mdm Pappa did not highlight any problems with remaining in the Visitor’s
Chair, did not request to be moved back to the Bed, appeared to be familiar
with using the Bell to seek assistance and Ms Hou had ensured that the Bell
was within Mdm Pappa’s reach. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

GD at paras 70 and 72.

(d) The fact that the respondent did not have CCTVs installed in the Room or
some other form of round-the-clock monitoring of isolation rooms did not mean
that it was negligent. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

GD at paras 83 and 85.

(e) The respondent attended to Mdm Pappa seven minutes after she had used the
Bell, which did not fall below the requisite standard of care. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

GD at paras 86 and 87.

Parties’ cases on appeal

Appellant’s case

19 Mdm Pappa submits that the DJ’s findings were against the weight of the
evidence, including the objective or undisputed evidence. In particular:

(a) The DJ erred in finding that the Visitor’s Chair had been placed
significantly less than one metre from the Bed.

(b) The DJ erred in failing to give sufficient weight to Mr Thiruchelvam’s
evidence on what Mdm Pappa had said to him shortly after the Fall, which was
corroborative of Mdm Pappa’s evidence.

(c) The DJ erred in finding that Mdm Pappa had independently self-ambulated
from the Bed to the Visitor’s Chair.

(d) The DJ erred in finding that Ms Hou did not fall below the standard of
care required of her by allowing Mdm Pappa to remain seated in the Visitor’s
Chair.

(e) The DJ erred in finding that Mdm Pappa had not been suffering from
unbearable back pain immediately preceding the Fall.

(f) The DJ erred in finding that the Bell was within Mdm Pappa’s reach at all
times.

(g) The DJ erred in finding that the respondent had not failed to monitor Mdm
Pappa adequately, including by not having CCTVs installed in the Room.

(h) The DJ erred in failing to consider whether the “agony of the moment”
principle applied to the present case. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Appellant’s Case at para 35.

Respondent’s case

20 The respondent essentially aligns itself with the findings of the DJ above.

Issues to be determined

21 The crux of Mdm Pappa’s case is that the respondent was negligent because
it allowed Mdm Pappa, who was incapable of self-ambulating, to remain seated
in the Visitor’s Chair with the Bell out of reach; consequently, when Mdm
Pappa experienced unbearable back pain and could not reach the Bell, she had
little choice but to attempt to self-ambulate, which resulted in the Fall.
Accordingly, I consider the issues in the appeal through these broad
questions:

(a) Could Mdm Pappa self-ambulate?

(b) Was the Bell within Mdm Pappa’s reach while she was seated in the
Visitor’s Chair?

(c) Why was Mdm Pappa permitted to remain seated in the Visitor’s Chair?

(d) Why did Mdm Pappa try to move back to the Bed on her own?

22 The DJ based his findings on both the objective evidence as well as the
credibility of the witnesses. In my view, the credibility of the factual
witnesses is suspect at differing points and in different ways, which I
explain more fully below. Accordingly, I will approach each issue by first
analysing the objective evidence, before considering the witness testimony.

Could Mdm Pappa self-ambulate?

23 This issue is comprehensively covered by the objective evidence, against
which the oral evidence of the witnesses can be tested. It also sets the
context for the dispute – Mdm Pappa’s claim is premised on her being forced to
attempt self-ambulation because she was in unbearable pain and was unable to
reach the Bell. In contrast, the respondent claims that the Fall was a
consequence of Mdm Pappa voluntarily deciding to move without assistance from
the Visitor’s Chair to the Bed when she knew that she ought not do so. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence at paras 15(c), 16(c) and 16(g)(i).

In this regard, the respondent asserts that Mdm Pappa had earlier made her own
way from the Bed to the Visitor’s Chair without assistance. This raises two
questions: (a) could Mdm Pappa self-ambulate; and (b) would she likely have
done so?

24 The DJ found that “it was not completely impossible or implausible that
[Mdm Pappa] would feel confident enough to transfer herself to the Visitor[’s]
Chair”. He based the finding on the following: (a) Mdm Pappa had been
recovering from her earlier surgery for about a month by the time of the Fall,
and had been undergoing daily physiotherapy and occupational therapy sessions
for several weeks; (b) Ms Tamilselvi had been told that Mdm Pappa was expected
to be discharged on the same day as the Fall or within the next one or two
days, which suggested that her condition had improved; (c) Ms Myat gave
evidence that Mdm Pappa was on “minimum assistance” and could self-ambulate;
and (d) the Visitor’s Chair had been very near to the Bed. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

GD at para 54.

25 The evidence, in particular the objective evidence, does not support the
DJ’s conclusion.

Mdm Pappa’s Morse score

26 The respondent maintained records of Mdm Pappa’s Morse Fall Risk score,
which, as JCH Senior Nurse Manager Ms Arvinder Kaur (“Ms Kaur”) explained, is
a measure of a patient’s risk of falls. This takes into consideration a
patient’s mobility, their diagnosis, and nursing interventions administered
to, or procedures undergone by, the patient. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ms Kaur’s Cross-Examination (“XX”) / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022)
at p5 lines 18–21.

The higher the score, the greater the risk of falls; a score of 25 qualifies a
patient as a fall risk. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p6 line 2; p7 lines
8 and 11.

27 At the time of her admission to JCH on 20 March 2017, Mdm Pappa’s Morse
Fall Risk score was 40. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p6 line 14.

This increased to 50 on 4 April 2017, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (Volume 2) (“BOD2”) at p424; Ms Kaur’s XX / Court
Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p9 line 16.

and remained there until the day of the Fall. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

BOD2 at p346; Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p7
lines 3 and 8.

At trial, Mdm Pappa’s counsel pointed out that the 10 point increase had been
incurred under the label of “gait/transferring”, and Ms Kaur explained that
this refers to a patient’s reliance on assistance for transfers. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p10 line 11.

Furthermore, while Mdm Pappa denied suffering from dizziness, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p6 line 30, p7
lines 10, 16–18.

the respondent had recorded complaints of worsening giddiness. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

BOD2 at p101 and p139.

28 The DJ recognised that Mdm Pappa had posed a fall-risk but did not appear
to appreciate that there had been an increase in her Morse Fall Risk score
which suggested that her condition had not been improving. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

GD at para 11.

Crucially, he also did not consider this evidence for the purpose of assessing
whether Mdm Pappa could self-ambulate and instead merely acknowledged this as
part of the background to the dispute. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

GD at para 11.

Mdm Pappa’s hospital records

29 According to the nursing report prepared by the respondent, as at 5 April
2017, which was five days before the Fall, Mdm Pappa was only able to ambulate
with a broad-based quad stick (there was no such aid available in the Room)
with “one-person assistance”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p13 line 9.

However, no evidence was led to explain what this means. It is also unclear
what basis this contention was made in the nursing report, which was
purportedly prepared in reliance on Mdm Pappa’s medical and nursing records,
as well as an interview with Ms Myat. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p4 lines 8 and 14.

30 The respondent’s representative, Ms Kaur, was however clear in her
evidence. Ms Kaur agreed with Mdm Pappa’s counsel’s assertion that Mdm Pappa
had “not [been] in a position” to self-ambulate from the Bed to the Visitor’s
Chair. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p37 line 12, p20
line 14.

The DJ accepted the respondent’s counsel’s argument that, read in its proper
context, what Ms Kaur meant “was that it was not ‘prudent’ for [Mdm Pappa] to
do so, and not that it was impossible for her to do so”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

GD at para 55.

But this was not all that Ms Kaur said. The relevant extract of her cross-
examination is as follows:

Q … Would you agree with me that [Mdm Pappa] was not in a position to ambulate
independently on the 10th---or just before 10 April 2017?

A Is indicated as one-man assist.

Q So a one-man assist would mean that the patient is unable to ambulate
independently?

A That’s correct. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p20 lines 11–17.

31 The DJ focused on the phrase “not in a position” and did not deal with Ms
Kaur’s clear evidence that the phrase “one-man assist” meant that Mdm Pappa
had been “unable” to ambulate independently. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p20 line 17.

In the circumstances, I disagree with his conclusion that Ms Kaur’s evidence
only amounted to it not being “prudent” for Mdm Pappa to do so. If that was
all Ms Kaur meant, it was incumbent on the respondent to clarify in re-
examination, which it did not do.

Mdm Pappa’s recovery and expected date of discharge

32 In arriving at his conclusion that Mdm Pappa had possibly felt confident
enough to self-ambulate, the DJ relied on the fact that Mdm Pappa had been
recovering since her surgery on 13 March 2017 and had been undergoing daily
physiotherapy and occupational therapy sessions. I disagree that these facts
support the DJ’s conclusion.

33 No evidence was adduced as to Mdm Pappa’s recovery over the course of her
stay at JCH and what this suggested in terms of her ability to self-ambulate.
Given that it is the respondent’s case that Mdm Pappa had made her way from
the Bed to the Visitor Chair without assistance, it was incumbent on the
respondent to lead evidence that this was possible. In this regard, the
evidence would likely have been available – she had been undergoing
physiotherapy at JCH and had had attending doctors – but the respondent chose
not to lead any. The respondent’s only evidence was via Ms Myat, but very
little weight should be given to this, for reasons I explain later at
[44]–[46], [64], [105] and [106].

34 Likewise, the DJ’s reliance on Ms Tamilselvi’s evidence of Mdm Pappa’s
expected discharge date was misplaced. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

GD at para 54.

It is unclear what information Ms Tamilselvi had received, and from whom, as
she was not cross-examined. In any event, that evidence would be hearsay.

35 Instead, the respondent would be expected to have evidence of Mdm Pappa’s
likely date of discharge, but did not lead any. The respondent’s Patient and
Family Communication Record, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

BOD2 at p200.

which was referred to at the trial, was not relevant: this document suggests
that Mdm Pappa’s estimated discharge date was 10 April 2017. However, under
cross-examination, Ms Kaur explained that this refers to “[physio]therapy
discharge” and not home discharge. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p25 lines 11–18.

She further testified that she knew that Mdm Pappa was going to be discharged
after 10 April 2017 but could not give the exact date. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p24 line 23, p25
lines 17 and 18.

The respondent’s evidence on this issue was unsatisfactory, and the DJ should
not have relied on the evidence of Ms Tamilselvi without examining its basis.

36 For completeness, I note that Mdm Pappa was referred to a Progress Note
dated 6 April 2017, which states “EDD on 10/4/17”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p14 line 24; BOD2
at p111.

She was asked if she was going to be discharged on 10 April 2017 and she
denied it, stating that she did not know when she was going to be discharged.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p14 lines 15, 29
and 32.

Accordingly, it was not Mdm Pappa’s evidence that she had expected to be
discharged from the hospital on 10 April 2017. Further, the respondent did not
call the maker of the Progress Note and its witnesses did not even rely on the
Progress Note as evidence of Mdm Pappa’s expected date of discharge.

37 In any event, the fact that Mdm Pappa was due to be discharged on or soon
after 10 April 2017 is not determinative. While it suggests that Mdm Pappa was
recovering and no longer required hospital care, it does not mean she would be
able to self-ambulate.

Oral testimony

38 Mdm Pappa testified that she was unable to self-ambulate and required
assistance. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p8 line 9, p13
lines 6–9.

On the day in question, she claimed that she had been carried by Ms Myat from
the Bed to the Visitor’s Chair. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p15 line 28, p16
lines 16 and 18, p26 line 26.

I note that Mdm Pappa’s evidence on her mobility was somewhat embellished –
she claimed that she had never used the Toilet but had instead worn pampers,
had been wiped instead of having a shower, and had washed her hands in a
container of water brought by a nurse instead of doing so in the Toilet. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p12 line 27 – p13
line 5.

It was not contended by her counsel that this was accurate and such scenarios
were not put to the respondent’s witnesses. In any event, the fact that she
was always assisted to the Toilet does not in any way contradict or diminish
her case that she was unable to self-ambulate. I deal with Mdm Pappa’s
credibility in detail below.

39 Significantly, Mdm Pappa’s evidence that she was unable to self-ambulate
was not challenged at trial; neither was it put to her that she had made her
own way from the Bed to the Visitor’s Chair. The DJ did not appear to have
considered this. The respondent submits, on appeal, that Mdm Pappa was able to
self-ambulate because the nursing records for the days leading up to the Fall
show that she had been “Able to turn self”, that she had “Self regulated” and
required “Minimal assist”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Respondent’s Case at para 38.

These records do not assist the respondent:

(a) These records were not raised in the District Court proceedings, and the
respondent’s witnesses were not asked who had made these assessments, what
these phrases mean or how they are relevant to Mdm Pappa’s ability to self-
ambulate.

(b) Furthermore, the records showing that Mdm Pappa had been “Able to turn
self” and had “Self regulated” are irrelevant because these refer to her
“Positioning frequency” 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

BOD2 at p381.

and “Head of Bed Elevated” 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

BOD2 at p370.

respectively, which presumably apply to when Mdm Pappa had been laying in the
Bed.

(c) There is a separate entry under the heading of “Mobility”, for Mdm Pappa’s
“Level of Assistance”, which consistently states “One man assistance”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

BOD2 at p370 and p381.

40 The respondent’s attempt to shore up its evidence in this manner on appeal
only underscores the difficulties with its case.

41 More importantly, Mdm Pappa’s conduct while she was a patient at JCH is
consistent with her case that she could not ambulate independently. She was
constantly advised and reminded by the nursing staff and her family that she
should always use the Bell when she needed assistance. The evidence suggests
she always did so. Indeed, according to the respondent’s call bell records,
between 20 and 28 March, Mdm Pappa used the call bell 86 times, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (Volume 3) (“BOD3”) at p600.

and between 28 March and 10 April, 223 times. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

BOD3 at p612.

The respondent’s nursing staff regarded her as a cooperative patient. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p40 lines 7, 10 and
11.

There was no evidence that she ever tried to ambulate on her own.

42 Mdm Pappa herself stated that she would use the Bell each time she required
assistance, which included each time she moved around, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Mdm Pappa’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at para 17; Mdm Pappa’s XX
/ Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p13 line 9.

and the respondent’s witnesses agreed with this. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p40 lines 7–11; Ms
Myat’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p51 line 14.

Mr Thiruchelvam’s evidence was that Mdm Pappa would use the call bell every
time she needed assistance, particularly where she needed assistance in
moving, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Mr Thiruchelvam’s AEIC at para 16.

and this was also accepted by the respondent. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p41.

43 The respondent’s only witness with respect to Mdm Pappa’s ability to self-
ambulate was Ms Myat. Ms Kaur had not personally interacted with Mdm Pappa at
all, and Ms Hou surprisingly did not give any evidence on this issue, although
she had been in charge of Mdm Pappa’s ward. The DJ relied on Ms Myat’s
evidence that Mdm Pappa had been on “minimum assistance” at the material time
– which meant that “she can transfer but not stable”, and “[if] she try [to
ambulate from the bed to the visitor’s chair herself], she can [do so]”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

GD at para 54.

44 Ms Myat’s evidence should have been given very little weight. She did not
explain the basis for her opinion, or what expertise she had for making that
assessment (she was a Patient Care Assistant). 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Ms Myat’s AEIC at para 1.

It is not disputed that she had never seen Mdm Pappa self-ambulating or
attempting to do so. Significantly, she testified that 10 April 2017 was her
first day at the ward and that was the first time she had looked after Mdm
Pappa. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Ms Myat’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p47 line 18.

It was not her evidence that she had reviewed Mdm Pappa’s records or was
familiar with her history and progress. In other words, her sole contact with
Mdm Pappa was limited to the 30 minutes or so she had spent assisting Mdm
Pappa that morning. Accordingly, Ms Myat was not familiar with Mdm Pappa and
could not have been in a position to accurately assess Mdm Pappa’s abilities.
The DJ did not appear to have considered all these facts.

45 The DJ also did not consider that Ms Myat subsequently appeared to have
qualified her evidence:

Q Would you agree with me that the patient was not in a position, on 10 April,
to ambulate herself on her own from the bed to the visitor’s chair, do you
agree or do you disagree?

A If she try herself, she can.

Q So do I take it that you disagree with me?

A Because we cannot know what she think---she is able or she is not able to
transfer herself.

Q So do I take it that you are not sure of that?

A Yes, I am not sure. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Ms Myat’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p46 lines 13–21.

It is not entirely clear what Ms Myat meant by her evidence – whether she was
now not sure whether Mdm Pappa could self-ambulate, or that she was not sure
whether Mdm Pappa believed she could self-ambulate. For the reasons above, and
given her very limited interaction with Mdm Pappa, her opinion is
unsubstantiated and speculative.

46 In this regard, Ms Myat’s evidence should also be treated with caution. It
is undisputed that Ms Hou found Mdm Pappa seated in the Visitor’s Chair after
Ms Myat had left the Room. Ms Myat’s own evidence was that it was wrong and
risky for Mdm Pappa to be seated in the Visitor’s Chair. This was consistent
with Ms Kaur’s evidence that the Visitor’s Chair was not for patients, and the
respondent’s own internal regulations that patients should be properly
supported when seated. I elaborate on this below (see [68]). It was therefore
in Ms Myat’s interests to testify that she had not seated Mdm Pappa in the
Visitor’s Chair, and that Mdm Pappa was capable of self-ambulating. In this
regard, I also note that Ms Myat volunteered that Mdm Pappa had been able to
self-ambulate from the Bed to the Visitor Chair despite the fact that (a) she
did not give any evidence as to the position of the Visitor Chair when she was
in the Room; and (b) she would not have known, on her own evidence, how far
Mdm Pappa had been seated from the Bed.

47 In the circumstances, the evidence leads to the conclusion, on the balance
of probabilities, that Mdm Pappa could not self-ambulate from the Bed to the
Visitor’s Chair.

48 The next question is whether she would have tried to move on her own. The
evidence here is even clearer. As stated above, the undisputed evidence was
that Mdm Pappa always followed instructions given to her throughout her stay
at JCH, whether they were from the respondent’s staff or her family members.
She was reminded time and again to call the nurses using the Bell if she
needed any assistance. The objective evidence was that she used the Bell 309
times over 21 days leading up to the Fall. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

BOD3 at p600 and p612.

There is no evidence that she ever attempted to move without assistance. In
the circumstances, it appears unlikely that she would, for no good reason,
suddenly decide to ambulate without first calling for assistance, not once,
but twice, on 10 April 2017. This supports her case that the Bell was not
within her reach. Nonetheless, this should still be assessed against the other
evidence, to which I now turn.

Was the Bell within Mdm Pappa’s reach?

49 The question of whether the Bell was out of Mdm Pappa’s reach can be
determined by assessing two constituent issues: (a) the location of the Bell;
and (b) the location of the Visitor’s Chair when Mdm Pappa was seated on it.

The location of the Bell

50 It was not strongly disputed that the Bell was on the Bed. Ms Myat
testified that she had placed the Bell on the Bed next to Mdm Pappa before she
had left the Room, and Ms Hou testified that she had seen the Bell on the Bed.
65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defence at para 9(c); Defence at Annex A: nursing report at para 7.

Neither of their evidence on this issue was challenged at trial.

51 Mdm Pappa’s evidence on this issue was unclear. In her AEIC, she stated
that the Bell was on the Bed approximately one metre away from her and thus
out of her reach, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 12; Reply to Defence (“Reply”) at para 42;
Mdm Pappa’s AEIC at paras 23 and 24.

and that after the Fall, she crawled to the Bell located on the Bed 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

SOC at para 14; Mdm Pappa’s AEIC at para 25.

and pulled the cord of the Bell, which was hanging against the side of the
Bed, causing the Bell to fall to the floor before she pressed it. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Mdm Pappa’s AEIC at para 25.

However, under-cross-examination, she said that (a) she did not know where the
Bell was; 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Mdm Pappa’s cross-examination / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p33
line 11.

and (b) after the Fall, she crawled to press the Bell, which was on the
ground. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p33 lines 22 and
26.

52 I discuss the inconsistencies in Mdm Pappa’s evidence generally below.
Nonetheless, on this issue, the real dispute was as to the position of the
Visitor’s Chair and whether Mdm Pappa could reach the Bell from her seated
position. In this regard, Mdm Pappa gave consistent evidence that the
Visitor’s Chair had been too far away from the Bed such that she could not
reach the Bell.

53 For completeness, I deal with a point made by the DJ that, even if Mdm
Pappa could not reach the body of the Bell, she could reach the cord which
hung from the Bed. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

GD at para 81.

Setting aside the fact that this was not raised at trial for Mdm Pappa’s
response, this finding appears to be premised on the respondent’s case that
the Visitor’s Chair was next to the Bed.

The distance between the Visitor’s Chair and the Bed

54 On this issue, only the evidence of Mdm Pappa and Ms Hou is relevant – Ms
Myat had not seen Mdm Pappa sitting in the Visitor’s Chair and did not give
any evidence as to its location relative to the Bed.

55 Before I turn to the witness testimony, I deal with the objective evidence
which the DJ relied on to determine that the Visitor’s Chair had been directly
next to the Bed. The DJ referred to (a) photographs produced by the respondent
concerning the position of the Visitor’s Chair; and (b) photographs produced
by the respondent concerning the layout of the Room. He concluded, based on
the photographs, that the Visitor’s Chair could not have been a metre away
from the Bed as this would mean that the Visitor’s Chair would have been in
the way of the curtains surrounding the Bed as well as the Toilet door. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

GD at para 51.

56 The DJ should not have relied on the photographs as they are not relevant
to the position of the Visitors’ Chair at the material time.

Position of the Visitor’s Chair from the photographs

57 First, the photographs were not of the Room. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Ms Tamilselvi’s Supplementary Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“SAEIC”) at
Exhibit TV-1.

58 The respondent provided no explanation as to why it did not, or could not,
provide photographs of the Room. In this regard:

(a) In their letter dated 14 September 2021, Mdm Pappa’s solicitors asked for
photographs of the Room.

(b) In their response dated 20 September 2021, the respondent’s solicitors
enclosed two photographs purportedly taken of a room “similar to” the Room.

(c) In their letter dated 21 September 2021, Mdm Pappa’s solicitors
specifically asked for (i) photographs of the Room that showed the door of the
Room, the entryway leading to the Room, the position of the Toilet, the
corridor of the ward leading to the Room and a wide angle of the entire Room;
(ii) the current status of the Room; and (iii) reasons for the respondent’s
inability to provide photographs of the Room.

(d) The respondent’s solicitors did not respond to these questions. No reason
was offered for this. They wrote back in a letter dated 8 November 2021,
providing six photographs of another room, stating that this room was
“essentially identical in its layout to” the Room, without explaining their
inability to produce photographs of the Room. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Ms Tamilselvi’s SAEIC at Exhibit TV-1.

(e) No explanation was given as to what “similar” or “essentially identical”
meant.

59 It is curious why the respondent could not produce photographs of the Room,
or at least a layout drawn to scale, when this information must be easily
available to it. As stated above, the respondent’s solicitors avoided
answering Mdm Pappa’s solicitors’ questions on this. Indeed, none of the
respondent’s witnesses were asked if the photographs provided an accurate
representation of the Room. The respondent also did not put to both Ms
Tamilselvi and Mr Thiruchelvam that the photographs were an accurate
representation of the Room, as it declined to cross-examine them. It is
therefore unclear whether the dimensions of the Room and the rooms in the
photographs are the same, and if not, how they differ.

60 Second, and more fundamentally, the photographs are not relevant to the
position of the Visitor’s Chair at the material time. This is because the
Visitor’s Chair was not fixed to any surface of the Room and could be moved.
Ms Tamilselvi’s evidence was that when she visited Mdm Pappa, she recalled the
Visitor’s Chair being placed further from the Bed than depicted in the
photographs. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Ms Tamilselvi’s SAEIC at paras 8 and 11.

But that is also unhelpful as that was not specific to the time of the Fall.
76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Ms Tamilselvi’s SAEIC at paras 8.

Even taking the DJ’s approach of reasoning from the relative positions of the
sink, curtains surrounding the Bed and the Toilet door to deduce the distance
between the Visitor’s Chair and the Bed, the position of the Visitor’s Chair
next to the Bed as depicted in the photographs is also not logical as it would
block access to the bedside drawers. Furthermore, neither party, at any point,
relied on or addressed the issue of the Visitor’s Chair blocking the curtain
in the Room.

61 The fact of the matter is that the Visitor’s Chair could be placed wherever
the user wished it to be placed. The location of the Visitor’s Chair at the
time of the Fall should therefore not be determined by the relative positions
of the curtains, sink and the door of the Toilet, and certainly not by looking
at photographs of a different room. It is therefore possible that the
Visitor’s Chair was about a metre away from the Bed when Mdm Pappa sat in it
on 10 April 2017.

Oral testimony

62 As stated above, the only witnesses who gave evidence on the position of
the Visitor’s Chair at the material time were Mdm Pappa and Ms Hou. Mdm Pappa
did not agree with the position of the Visitor’s Chair in the photographs. Mdm
Pappa testified that there were differences between the photographed room and
the Room: she stated that the Visitor’s Chair had been further away from the
Bed. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p36 line 19; Mdm
Pappa’s AEIC at para 20; SOC at para 9.

63 Ms Hou stated in her AEIC: “I enclose as ‘HWF-1’ a photograph showing how
[Mdm Pappa] (depicted by Enrolled Nurse Myat Swe Zin Myint in the photograph)
was seated in the visitor’s chair beside her bed at the material time.” 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Ms Hou’s AEIC at para 4.

“HWF-1” depicts the Visitor’s Chair immediately next to the Bed. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Ms Hou’s AEIC at Exhibit HWF-1.

Accordingly, her evidence suggested that the distance between the Visitor’s
Chair and the Bed when she was in the Room was as depicted in “HWF-1”, ie,
they were less than a metre apart.

64 At the hearing of the appeal, the respondent’s counsel further submitted
that in so far as Ms Myat and Ms Hou both testified that the Bell had been
within Mdm Pappa’s reach while she was seated in the Visitor’s Chair, the
logical conclusion was that the Visitor’s Chair had been close to the Bed. The
DJ accepted Ms Myat and Ms Hou’s evidence that they had ensured that the Bell
was within Mdm Pappa’s reach, stating that this was “one of the most routine
thing[s] that would operate in the mind of a nurse, and there was simply no
reason for both Ms Myat and [Ms] Hou to have omitted to do so on this
particular occasion.” 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

GD at para 80.

It is unsafe to draw this conclusion. First, Ms Myat and Ms Hou were not
independent witnesses – they each had a personal incentive to testify as they
did. If they had not left the Bell within reach, that would have constituted a
breach of their duties. Second, and significantly, Ms Myat did not, and could
not, give any evidence as to whether the Bell was within Mdm Pappa’s reach
when she was seated in the Visitor’s Chair since, on the respondent’s case,
Mdm Pappa had self-ambulated to the Visitor’s Chair after Ms Myat left the
Room. Further, while the DJ characterised Mdm Pappa’s evidence that the Bell
had not been within her reach as a bare assertion, the same could be said of
Ms Hou’s evidence as well.

65 I therefore test the evidence of both parties against the objective
evidence on what transpired between Mdm Pappa and Ms Hou when the latter was
in the Room.

Why was Mdm Pappa permitted to remain seated in the Visitor’s Chair?

66 In my view, this is the most important issue as it deals with what happened
just before the Fall. Further, it is also part of Mdm Pappa’s case that the
respondent was negligent in failing to ensure that she was moved back to the
Bed when she was found seated in the Visitor’s Chair by Ms Hou.

The Respondent’s Manual

67 I first examine the respondent’s own protocols in relation to fall risk
patients such as Mdm Pappa.

68 The Jurong Health Services Procedure Manual on the Management and
Prevention of Fall (the “Manual”) 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

BOD3 at p518.

prescribes the following rule in relation to patients sitting out of bed:

5.3.2 Apply safety strap / belt when patient is seated out of bed and on a
wheelchair, geriatric chair or commode. Ensure that geriatric chair if used,
has a rest board, and that the wheels and brakes of movable devices are always
locked.

69 It does not prescribe a separate set of rules for fall-risk patients in
isolation rooms. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p22 line 13.

In any event, it is not disputed that the Visitor’s Chair was not equipped
with straps or other safety devices.

70 It is also the respondent’s case that it was not appropriate to place Mdm
Pappa in the Visitor’s Chair: it was put to Mdm Pappa that Ms Myat would not
have seated Mdm Pappa on the Visitor’s Chair since they were trained not to do
so. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p24 lines 3–9.

71 Ms Kaur confirmed that the Manual does not suggest that a fall-risk patient
could be seated in the Visitor’s Chair 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p24 line 19.

– instead, she stated that the Visitor’s Chair was for visitors’ use and not
patients’ use. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p21 line 6.

Nonetheless, she testified that whether a patient found sitting in a visitor’s
chair should be moved to the bed or the geriatric chair would depend on the
nurses’ assessment of a number of other factors, including whether the patient
was comfortably seated, whether the call bell was within reach, what the nurse
was otherwise occupied with, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Ms Kaur’s Re-examination (“REX”) / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at
p39 lines 5–9, 16–22.

and whether the patient was cooperative. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p40 lines 7, 8, 10
and 11.

I find some of these qualifications difficult to understand, given that the
clear purpose of the rule was to ensure that the patient had adequate support
to prevent a fall. It cannot be determinative that the patient is cooperative
or has the call bell within reach – the patient may, if not properly
supported, fall before they are able to call for help.

72 In contrast, Ms Myat’s testimony was unequivocal. She testified that the
respondent’s rules require that fall-risk patients be seated on a geriatric
chair and not the Visitor’s Chair 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Ms Myat’s Examination-in-Chief / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at
p42 lines 31 and 32; Ms Myat’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at
p44 lines 17, 22 and 25.

and that if a patient was found seated on a visitor’s chair, they should be
transferred to a geriatric chair. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Ms Myat’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p45 line 1, p53 line
7.

She explained that this was because there were safety features on a geriatric
chair, including a safety belt and a lap board, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Ms Myat’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p44 lines 1, 4, 8
and 10, p53 lines 1–3.

which was accordingly much safer for the patient. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Ms Myat’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p44 line 19.

She also agreed that it was “wrong” for a patient to sit in the Visitor’s
Chair 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Ms Myat’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p44 line 25.

and that this was “not a very safe thing”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Ms Myat’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p44 line 30.

Ms Hou’s evidence

73 Ms Hou’s evidence was that she had entered the Room at about 8.40am, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Ms Hou’s AEIC at para 4.

administered medication to Mdm Pappa and left thereafter. She said that she
had attempted to raise the railing of the Bed on the side closer to Mdm Pappa,
but had been stopped by Mdm Pappa. It is curious why she had tried to do so
given that Mdm Pappa was not in the Bed, but she was not asked about this at
the trial. Ms Hou testified that she had not thought it necessary to move Mdm
Pappa back to the Bed as she had appeared comfortable and Mdm Pappa had not
informed her of any pain or discomfort. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defence at paras 9(c), 15(c), 16(c) and 16(g)(i); Ms Hou’s AEIC at para 8.

This was important to Ms Hou’s evidence as she had testified, consistent with
what Ms Kaur said, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p39 lines 6–9.

that she would have moved Mdm Pappa back to the Bed if Mdm Pappa had informed
her that she was experiencing discomfort. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Ms Hou’s AEIC at para 8; Ms Hou’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 3: 19 May 2022)
at p15 lines 25 and 26.

The DJ accepted Ms Hou’s evidence.

74 The main problem with Ms Hou’s evidence is that it is inconsistent with the
respondent’s own records.

75 The records show that at about 8.39am, two Ketoprofen 30mg plasters (the
“Plasters”) were applied on Mdm Pappa’s middle back and right knee. Ms Kaur
testified, and it is undisputed, that such plasters are used as pain relief,
and are applied where the patient is experiencing pain. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

BOD2 at p304; Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p19
line 29, p20 lines 7 and 10; Ms Hou’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 3: 19 May
2022) at p12 line 31, p14 line 30.

The clear inference is that Mdm Pappa was suffering some pain, inter alia, in
her back, and informed Ms Hou of this.

76 Ms Hou denied that this happened, but her evidence is unsatisfactory. In
her AEIC, she made no mention of applying the Plasters and stated that “at no
point did [Mdm Pappa] inform me that she had any back pain or was in any
discomfort”. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Ms Hou’s AEIC at para 8.

Under cross-examination, she testified that Mdm Pappa had not complained of
pain in her back but had merely requested for plasters, and that it was common
practice to give patients additional plasters for future use if they asked for
it. Her answer is worth reproducing:

Q Ms Hou, would you have administered this plaster if not for a complaint from
the patient that she was experiencing pain on her back?

A I can recall the time I never really noticed the patient complained of pain
or on her back, but she just request the plaster, I just give. Because when we
do the plaster, some patient will always ask for standby or extra. She must
request, so I give. But I didn’t recall she was really in back pain at that
time. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Ms Hou’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 3: 19 May 2022) at p15 lines 1–8.

77 The DJ reproduced the above portion of Ms Hou’s cross-examination in his GD
and accepted her evidence. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

GD at para 75.

But it is plainly not credible.

78 First, the obvious difficulty with Ms Hou’s answer is that the Plasters had
not been just given to Mdm Pappa, but had been applied on her. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

BOD2 at p304; Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p19
line 29, p20 lines 7 and 10; Ms Hou’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 3: 19 May
2022) at p12 line 31.

Second, even her own answer, taken on its face, appeared to refer to patients
who already have plasters applied on them and are asking for more. Third, how
would Ms Hou know where to apply the Plasters, in this case, Mdm Pappa’s right
knee and middle back, unless Mdm Pappa specifically informed her of the areas
where she was suffering pain? As stated above, the undisputed evidence was
that Ketoprofen plasters are applied where the patient is experiencing pain.
Fourth, according to the respondent’s records, this appeared to be the first
time Ketoprofen 30mg plasters were applied to Mdm Pappa’s back, specifically;
the respondent’s records make clear that Ketoprofen 30mg plasters had
previously been administered but do not specify locations for those instances.

79 In fact, a closer look at Ms Hou’s evidence reflects an attempt to distance
herself from the implications of her application of the Plasters on Mdm Pappa.
Ms Hou first agreed that she had applied the Plasters on Mdm Pappa’s back and
knee. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Ms Hou’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 3: 19 May 2022) at p12 line 31, p14 lines
7–16.

However, when Mdm Pappa’s counsel later asked if Ms Hou had administered the
Plasters because of Mdm Pappa’s complaint of back pain, she denied that Mdm
Pappa had suffered from back pain and framed her response as giving the
Plasters “for standby or extra”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Ms Hou’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 3: 19 May 2022) at p15 lines 4–8.

This is the response reproduced by the DJ, to the exclusion of her earlier
contradictory answer. Ms Hou then denied that the application of the Plasters
meant that Mdm Pappa had been experiencing back pain. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Ms Hou’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 3: 19 May 2022) at p15 line 21.

This response is questionable – as counsel for Mdm Pappa submitted, there was
no reason for Ms Hou to have placed the Plasters on Mdm Pappa’s back if she
had not been suffering back pain. Ms Kaur’s evidence (at [75] above) supports
this submission. Ms Hou’s attempt to explain away the application of the
Plasters is suggestive of evasion. My finding that Mdm Pappa had experienced
and informed the respondent of some pain is not, in my view, affected by Mdm
Pappa’s evidence that she had not told any nurses or doctors about her back
pain. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p32 line 31.

The objective evidence clearly shows that she must have told Ms Hou about the
pain in her back and knee.

80 There is thus objective evidence of Mdm Pappa experiencing back pain before
the Fall. Ms Hou’s evidence is suspect, and this also calls into question her
assertion that the Bell was within Mdm Pappa’s reach.

81 The evidence also contradicts the DJ’s finding that Mdm Pappa did not make
any complaint of back pain throughout her admission at JCH from 20 March 2017
to 10 April 2017. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

GD at para 74.

Why did Mdm Pappa try to move back to the Bed on her own?

82 The respondent has not offered any theory as to why Mdm Pappa would choose
to move back to the Bed on her own, save that it was a decision she had made
despite being able to ask for assistance. Mdm Pappa’s case is that after Ms
Hou left the Room, she felt unbearable pain in her back; unable to reach the
Bell and unsure of when a member of staff would return to the Room, she
decided to try and get back to the Bed by herself, but fell.

83 The DJ rejected Mdm Pappa’s evidence that she had suffered unbearable back
pain, describing it as “an afterthought concocted to plug the gap in her case
and provide a justification for her attempt to self-transfer from the
[V]isitor’s [C]hair to the [B]ed.” 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Respondent’s Written Closing Submissions at para 28; GD at para 78.

This finding is doubtful, given that the DJ did not take into account the
objective evidence that Mdm Pappa had been administered the Plasters for her
back. Given her age and medical condition, it is not implausible that her pain
had become worse the longer she had been seated in the Visitor’s Chair. After
all, the Visitor’s Chair was not suitable for Mdm Pappa to sit in.

84 I nonetheless consider this issue by also referring to two other sources of
evidence, namely Mdm Pappa’s reported pain scores and medical records, and Mdm
Pappa’s contemporaneous account of the Fall. The DJ considered the former, but
not the latter.

Mdm Pappa’s pain score

85 At the trial below, Mdm Pappa’s Counsel referred to the hospital records
showing Mdm Pappa to have suffered “constant/continuous” pain at 8.20am in the
morning of the Fall. The DJ did not accept the argument as the “pain
descriptor” was one of “aching/discomfort”. The DJ also noted that the pain
score was only indicated as “1” (out of 10). 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

GD at para 76.

86 Mdm Pappa’s pain scores in the morning before the Fall were recorded in her
“Vital Signs” records which the respondent kept. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

BOD2 at p347; Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p17
lines 14–32.

According to these records, her pain scores were as follows:

(a) At 8.20am, she had a pain score of “1”, with the pain located on her right
leg. This was described as “Aching; Discomfort” and its frequency was
“Constant/continuous”. This appears to have been recorded by Ms Myat, although
she had no recollection of this, nor of making the said pain assessment. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

BOD2 p347 and p652; Ms Myat’s REX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at
p55 line 30.

(b) At 8.36am, she had a pain score of “0”, with no other details provided.
This was recorded by Ms Hou.

(c) At 8.39am, she had a pain score of ‘0”, with no other details provided.
This was recorded by Ms Hou.

(d) At 9.12am, she had a pain score of “0”, with no other details provided.
This was recorded by Ms Hou.

(e) At 10.30am, she had a pain score of “5”, with the pain located on her left
leg. This was described as “Aching”. This was recorded by Ms Hou.

87 I find these records highly unsatisfactory and unreliable. First, it is
incredible that Ms Hou recorded Mdm Pappa’s pain score as “0” at 9.12am, just
a few minutes after the Fall which resulted in a broken femur. The
unchallenged evidence was that Mdm Pappa had been in considerable pain and
crying. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Mdm Pappa’ AEIC at para 27.

Second, it is unclear how these assessments were even done. It is undisputed
that Mdm Pappa only spoke Tamil and both Ms Myat and Ms Hou could not. They
testified that they had communicated with Mdm Pappa using hand gestures and
simple words. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Ms Myat’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p50 line 24, p51
lines 31 and 32, p52 lines 1 and 2; Answer to interrogatories at no. 3; Ms
Hou’s AEIC at para 10.

But, as the respondent’s counsel conceded at the hearing of the appeal, a pain
assessment requires the attending nurse/staff to engage with the patient to
ascertain the degree of pain. It is unclear how this could be done with hand
gestures and simple words. Third, it is not Ms Myat and Ms Hou’s evidence that
they even made any pain assessments that day. When asked about the pain score
she had purportedly recorded at 8.20am, Ms Myat stated that she could not
recall if she had recorded Mdm Pappa’s pain score or assessed Mdm Pappa for
pain. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Ms Myat’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p50 lines 8 and 12.

Ms Hou’s evidence, which is more material, was that Mdm Pappa had looked
comfortable and had not complained of pain, and her only engagement had been
to give Mdm Pappa her medication. If Ms Hou had asked Mdm Pappa if she was in
pain or conducted a pain assessment, this would have been material, but that
was not her evidence.

88 I note that Mdm Pappa challenged the reliability of these records, both in
her pleadings 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Reply at para 35.

and as a ground of appeal. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Appellant’s Case at para 70.

However, neither Ms Hou nor any of the other witnesses for the respondent were
asked about the pain scores. Nonetheless, the respondent is also not relying
on the records as evidence of the pain experienced by Mdm Pappa at the
material time, and no weight should therefore be placed on them.

89 In the circumstances, in so far as the DJ relied on the low pain score
given at 8.20am as evidence that Mdm Pappa had not had unbearable back pain,
that was an error. In any event, Ms Myat, on her own evidence, left the Room
after leaving Mdm Pappa sitting on the Bed. Even if Ms Myat seated Mdm Pappa
in the Visitor’s Chair, she left the Room shortly thereafter. The low pain
score recorded by Ms Myat, even if she carried out the pain assessment and
even if accurate, would not be reflective of Mdm Pappa’s condition after
having sat in the Visitor’s Chair for some time.

Mdm Pappa’s contemporaneous account of the Fall

90 The DJ failed to consider an important piece of evidence.

91 At about 10:40am, less than two hours after the Fall, Mdm Pappa gave an
account to a doctor of what happened. Her son, Mr Thiruchelvam, acted as
interpreter, and set out what he interpreted in his AEIC. Mr Thiruchelvam’s
evidence was that Mdm Pappa had informed the doctor that after she was left
seated in the Visitor’s Chair, she began to suffer unbearable back pain, tried
to get up from the Visitor’s Chair to go to the Bed to rest, but fell; Mdm
Pappa had also told the doctor that the Bell was not within her reach and she
was therefore unable to call for assistance. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Mr Thiruchelvam’s AEIC at para 19.

92 The facts of (a) this meeting with the doctor; and (b) Mr Thiruchelvam’s
involvement as an interpreter, are corroborated by a Progress Note recorded by
one Dr Hong Weng Tan on 10 April 2017 at 10.41am. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

BOD2 at p86.

93 The Progress Note does not record anything about Mdm Pappa’s back pain.
However, that is not material as the respondent did not challenge Mr
Thiruchelvam’s evidence and did not call Dr Hong. At the hearing of the
appeal, the respondent’s counsel stated that the respondent did not dispute Mr
Thiruchelvam’s evidence of the account he interpreted to the doctor. The
respondent argued instead that Mr Thiruchelvam’s evidence regarding the Fall
constituted hearsay. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Respondent’s Reply Submissions at para 12.

The DJ accepted this argument. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

GD at para 56.

With respect, the DJ erred in disregarding Mr Thiruchelvam’s evidence
entirely.

94 It is undisputed that what Mr Thiruchelvam interpreted to the doctor on
behalf of Mdm Pappa at 10.40am was accurately set out in his AEIC. It also
appears that this was her first opportunity to recount what had happened.

95 Mdm Pappa’s account to the doctor hence constitutes a contemporaneous
account of the Fall. A contemporaneous account of a witness which corroborates
their testimony at trial makes their evidence more credible: in Re A
(Relocation) [2020] EWHC 2878 (Fam), the court found that the father had
assaulted the mother, on the basis of “photographic evidence, the discharge
summary from local hospital Emergency Department, and the police disclosure
including the mother’s contemporaneous account to the police and that of her
work colleagues” [emphasis added] (at [65]). Here, Mdm Pappa’s contemporaneous
account lends credence to her testimony (at [91] above). While in the above
case the mother’s contemporaneous account was reduced to writing, this
distinction is not material as the respondent accepts that Mr Thiruchelvam’s
AEIC accurately reflected what he had interpreted at the material time. The
contemporaneity of Mdm Pappa’s account, which included the fact that the Bell
had not been within her reach and that her unbearable back pain had prompted
her attempt to self-ambulate to the Bed, thus corroborates her testimony at
trial.

96 At the hearing of the appeal, the respondent’s counsel accepted that the
court could rely on Mr Thiruchelvam’s evidence as corroboration of Mdm Pappa’s
evidence, albeit that limited weight should be accorded to it.

97 In the circumstances, I disagree with the DJ’s dismissal of Mdm Pappa’s
evidence of being in considerable back pain on the basis that this evidence
was a “concoct[ion]” and an “afterthought”. Mdm Pappa mentioned her unbearable
back pain less than two hours after the Fall, while in severe pain and
distress. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Ms Tamilselvi’s AEIC at para 16.

It is harsh to suggest that she would have had the wherewithal to concoct her
story in such circumstances. This was the substance of her account of how the
Fall happened, and she has maintained this throughout these proceedings.

Mdm Pappa’s testimony of unbearable back pain

98 Mdm Pappa said that she had started to experience immense and unbearable
back pain after Ms Hou had left the Room. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

SOC at para 11; Mdm Pappa’s AEIC at para 22.

I find her evidence on this issue credible.

99 First, as explained above, it is evident that Mdm Pappa experienced some
pain in her back prior to Ms Hou leaving the Room (at [75]–[80] above).
Second, she was elderly, recovering from surgery and unable to ambulate. It
also appears that this was the first time she was seated in the Visitor’s
Chair, 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p17 line 20–28,
p18 line 11.

which, as discussed above, was not suitable for her. Accordingly, it is
possible that the intensity of back pain escalated the longer she sat there.
Third, the degree and intensity of pain suffered by Mdm Pappa is necessarily
subjective. Fourth, as discussed above, her evidence is supported by her
contemporaneous account. There is therefore sufficient evidence to conclude
that Mdm Pappa’s back pain was severe enough to prompt her to get up from the
Visitor’s Chair.

100 I therefore find that there is sufficient evidence to support Mdm Pappa’s
case, on a balance of probabilities, that the Bell was not within her reach
and that she got up from the Visitor’s Chair unassisted on account of the back
pain she was suffering.

Evidence concerning the Table

101 The parties led evidence and made submissions on the position of the
Table. Mdm Pappa argued that Ms Myat’s evidence was not credible as, in order
for her to have self-ambulated from the Bed to the Visitor’s Chair, she would
have had to push the Table away, which she could not do. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 53 and 54 (see also Plaintiff’s Written Closing
Submissions at para 32).

The respondent argues that this was something Mdm Pappa could have done. The
DJ based his conclusion in part on a finding that Mdm Pappa had been able to
push the Table away from her in order to move back to the Bed. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

GD at paras 52 and 67.

102 I do not find this issue material, and the evidence led is also unhelpful.
The respondent sought to prove at trial that Mdm Pappa would have been able to
move the Table by showing a video depicting how the Table could be moved,
while its wheels were both locked and unlocked. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Ms Kaur’s AEIC at Exhibit AK-1; Ms Myat’s AEIC at Exhibit MSZM-1.

I do not find the video instructive given that (a) it depicts the Table (or
its equivalent) being pushed by a much younger person standing up; (b) it does
not show the movement of the Table when pushed by Mdm Pappa, or someone of
similar strength and stature, while sitting on the Bed (which is the
respondent’s case); (c) it is undisputed that Mdm Pappa’s breakfast was placed
on the Table at the material time, and the video does not include that
additional weight on the Table, or whether it could be pushed without spilling
the breakfast; and (d) the video does not show how the Table could be pushed
away from the Bed and repositioned in front of the Visitor’s Chair after Mdm
Pappa allegedly self-ambulated there (which is the respondent’s case). Indeed,
according to the video, if the Table was pushed in a certain way, it might
topple.

103 Furthermore, given that it is the respondent’s case that Mdm Pappa had
been able to move from the Bed to the Visitor’s Chair and reposition the
Table, insufficient evidence was led as to whether this was possible. The DJ’s
finding that Mdm Pappa was able to push the Table is ultimately not helpful to
either party.

Credibility of witnesses

104 Given the objective evidence that the DJ did not either deal with or
properly consider, his approach, which placed significant weight on the
relative credibility of Mdm Pappa, Ms Myat and Ms Hou, is flawed; further, I
disagree with aspects of the DJ’s assessment of their relative credibility.

Credibility of Ms Myat and Ms Hou

105 As stated above, the DJ appears not to have recognised that Ms Myat and Ms
Hou were not independent witnesses or disinterested bystanders. It was in
their personal interests to advance the version of facts that they did at
trial. I have highlighted above various unsatisfactory aspects of their
evidence.

106 Further, Ms Myat’s evidence, that it was unsafe to seat Mdm Pappa, or
allow Mdm Pappa to remain seated, in the Visitor’s Chair, should not have been
regarded as a strong factor in assessing Ms Myat’s credibility, as the DJ
found. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

GD at para 58.

This evidence was not against Ms Myat’s interests, since her position was that
she had not moved Mdm Pappa to the Visitor’s Chair.

Credibility of Mdm Pappa

107 The DJ’s findings were largely premised on his assessment that Mdm Pappa
was not a credible witness. The DJ found that Mdm Pappa was evasive and her
testimony appeared to be rehearsed, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

GD at para 59.

and that she would change her evidence when confronted with evidence that did
not align with her case. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

GD at para 66.

108 While the DJ did recognise Mdm Pappa’s advanced age, I find that he failed
to give this sufficient weight. Mdm Pappa was an elderly, uneducated woman who
had been through a traumatic and difficult period. By the time she gave
evidence, she was 79 years old and it had been about four years since the
Fall. Further, as a result of the Fall, her life had been affected
considerably for the worse – she was no longer able to be independent and
enjoy her usual activities. In the time between the Fall and her evidence, she
lost her husband, who she had been caring for on account of his dementia. Her
testimony also evidenced confusion and a failing memory, which make her
contemporaneous account – which the DJ disregarded – all the more important.
What came out clearly from her testimony was that she held the respondent
responsible not only for her fall, but also the failure to respond promptly to
her activation of the Bell, thereby leaving her on the floor in agony, in her
mind, for a long time – I deal with this issue in the section below. Her
impression was that the respondent’s staff were irritated by her constant use
of the Bell and she also believed that the respondent would fabricate
documents against her – her answers during cross-examination betrayed her
dislike and suspicions of the respondent.

109 A clear example of the DJ’s mischaracterisation of her evidence is his
finding that her claim to be suffering from back pain was an afterthought and
was concocted. This is unwarranted and fails to take into account relevant
evidence, including objective evidence that she had suffered from back pain
before the Fall (at [75] above). The DJ also failed to consider that Mdm Pappa
had narrated a version of events largely consistent with the material aspects
of her case less than two hours after the Fall, while she had been in great
pain (at [91] above). It is therefore not the case that Mdm Pappa came to
court, after obtaining legal advice, with a version of events which would
increase her prospects of obtaining judgment.

110 In addition, where Mdm Pappa gave evidence that was incorrect or did not
make sense, they appear to be on account of confusion and not dishonesty: 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

GD at paras 59, 60 and 66.

(a) Mdm Pappa denied using the Toilet and claimed that she had been using
pampers and had been wiped in lieu of having showers, although this
contradicted the respondent’s records. The respondent argued that this was a
deliberate lie by Mdm Pappa to exaggerate her lack of mobility and the DJ
relied specifically on this to highlight that Mdm Pappa was defensive and
evasive. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

GD at para 61.

As stated above, I agree that Mdm Pappa did embellish her evidence on this
issue. However, shortly after giving this evidence, Mdm Pappa testified that
she could not remember if she had gone to the Toilet. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p22 line 21, p23
lines 6 and 12.

This suggests confusion on her part. In any event, as stated above, the fact
that she had gone to the Toilet with assistance does not undermine her case
that she could not, and would not, ambulate independently. In fact, as the DJ
himself observed, Mdm Pappa’s allegation that the respondent fabricated the
records of her toilet use had no bearing on the Fall. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

GD at para 62.

(b) The DJ relied on Mdm Pappa’s dismissal of the respondent’s call bell
records 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

GD at para 63.

and found that this affected her credibility because her denial was calculated
to ensure consistency with her case that the respondent had shown her minimal
care and had taken a long time to respond whenever she had activated the call
bell for help, including on the day of the Fall. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

GD at para 64.

In my view, this conclusion is unwarranted. First, the extracts of the
evidence the DJ relied on reflect Mdm Pappa’s denial only in respect of
specific occasions, and not all the time. Indeed, the extracts only show
confusion on Mdm Pappa’s part. Second, it has always been Mdm Pappa’s case,
and it is undisputed by the respondent, that she had dutifully followed
instructions to press the bell when she had needed assistance. Her denial in
the extracts does not change that position or improve her case. Third, there
is in fact no record of how long the respondent’s nurses had taken to respond
to Mdm Pappa’s call after the Fall, 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p36 line 9.

and neither was it put to her that the respondent’s staff had always responded
to her use of the Bell within a short time. I deal with this below at [114]
and [115].

(c) While discussing whether Mdm Pappa had been able to push the Table, Mdm
Pappa suddenly stated that there had been no Table in the Room, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p26 lines 7 and 8.

after giving evidence that there had been one. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

SOC at para 13; Mdm Pappa’s AEIC at para 24; Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript
(Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p25 lines 25 and 31, p26 lines 3 and 5.

In my view, this evidence does not help Mdm Pappa’s case at all and only
points to her confusion, a conclusion which the DJ similarly reached. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

GD at para 65.

After the Fall

Time taken to respond

111 My decision does not turn on the time taken by the respondent to respond
to Mdm Pappa’s activation of the Bell at 8.53am following the Fall, but
certain aspects of the evidence are troubling.

112 Mdm Pappa’s evidence was that after the Fall, she had pressed the Bell a
few times 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

SOC at para 14; Mdm Pappa’s AEIC at para 25; Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript
(Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p27 line 2, p37 lines 16, 17 and 19.

but no one came to her aid for some time. It was only after 10–15 minutes that
a nurse had entered the Room. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

SOC at paras 15, 22(g), 22(i).

Given the extreme pain Mdm Pappa had undoubtedly been in, her time estimate
may not be reliable.

113 In contrast, the respondent pleaded that they had responded within seven
minutes of the Bell being activated. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Defence at para 16(e); Defence at Annex A: nursing report at para 8.

But it failed to adduce any evidence on this. The only contemporaneous
reference to the seven-minute time period appears to be in a Progress Note
written by Ms Hou at 2.02pm on 10 April 2017, which states that she “Was
informed by EN Jane patient fell down at 0900hrs”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

BOD2 at p89.

Ms Hou did not refer to this document in her evidence. It is also not relevant
since, first, Ms Hou was not the first nurse who had attended to Mdm Pappa and
EN Jane was not called and no evidence was led from her as to when she had
discovered that Mdm Pappa had fallen. Second, Ms Hou’s statement that Mdm
Pappa had fallen at 9am is inaccurate since Mdm Pappa must have suffered the
Fall before 8.53am, when she had pressed the Bell for assistance. Finally, the
Progress Note does not say that Mdm Pappa had been attended to at 9am.

114 The respondent’s records do not show how long the respondent took to
respond to Mdm Pappa’s activation of the Bell at 8:53am. The respondent’s
system is designed such that it will record the time a bell is activated, and
when a staff member attends to the patient and terminates the alarm. There is,
however, one significant limitation: Ms Kaur testified that the system will
not record the time taken to respond if it exceeds 5 minutes and 30 seconds
from the time of activation – where the records state “Cancelled By:
Escalation timeout”, the respondent can only say that the call bell was
responded to after 5 minutes and 30 seconds. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p35 lines 28 and
31.

That is what the respondent’s records reflect in Mdm Pappa’s case, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

BOD3 at p610.

which means that she was attended to more than 5 minutes and 30 seconds after
she had activated the Bell at 8.53am following the Fall. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Certified Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p36 line 5.

115 At the appeal, I asked the respondent’s counsel for the reason for this
limitation, but she had no instructions on the matter. This was also not
explored at the trial. It seems to me that the respondent would want to know
how long its staff take to respond to alerts, both generally and in specific
cases, for medical, operational, administrative and other purposes. It is
therefore curious that the system is designed that way.

Whether pressing the Bell once meant that Mdm Pappa did not require immediate
assistance

116 More troublingly, the respondent’s counsel put to Mdm Pappa that the fact
that she had pressed the Bell only once meant that the respondent would not
have known that she had required immediate assistance. This exchange is
reproduced below:

Q And since, based on this record, which I just showed you you only pressed it
once, I put it to you that the hospital staff would not have known that you
required immediate help, you can agree or disagree.

A No, no.

Q Sorry, can you clarify when you say “no”? Do you agree or disagree that the
hospital staff would not have known that you required immediate assistance?

A I disagree. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Mdm Pappa’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 1: 30 March 2022) at p39 lines 1–9.

117 At the hearing of the appeal, the respondent’s counsel maintained that the
single press of the Bell meant that the response time of the respondent was
reasonable; in contrast, had Mdm Pappa pressed the Bell several times in close
succession, there would be a reasonable argument for the respondent to have
responded more quickly.

118 I find this argument untenable and unfortunate. The purpose of the Bell is
for Mdm Pappa to seek assistance when she needed it, including for
emergencies. Considering that she was an elderly, fall-risk patient in an
isolation room with no visibility from the outside and with no other patients
around to assist her, it is incredible for the respondent to maintain that the
onus was on Mdm Pappa to press the Bell multiple times in quick succession to
get timely assistance. It completely ignores the very real possibility that
her situation may be such that she could only press the Bell once. It was also
not in evidence that Mdm Pappa had been told to press the Bell multiple times
in an emergency. Indeed, the respondent’s argument only suggests that Mdm
Pappa could and would have been attended to sooner, had she pressed the bell
repeatedly.

Whether the respondent had breached its duty of care to Mdm Pappa

119 For the reasons above, I find that the respondent did, by (a) leaving Mdm
Pappa in the Visitor’s Chair and failing to move her to the Bed despite
knowing that she was suffering pain in her back; and (b) failing to ensure the
Bell was within her reach, breach its duty of care owed to Mdm Pappa.

The applicable standard of care

120 It is not disputed that the respondent owed a duty to take reasonable
steps to minimise Mdm Pappa’s risk of falls during her admission at JCH. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Defence at para 5.

The only issue in contention is the standard of care. In my view, considering
that Mdm Pappa was an elderly fall-risk patient who suffered giddiness, was
unable to self-ambulate and occupied an isolation room with no visibility from
outside the Room (ie, from the ward), the standard of care required that (a)
Mdm Pappa should not have been allowed to occupy the Visitor’s Chair,
particularly in circumstances where she was suffering pain; and (b) the Bell
should have been placed within her reach. I elaborate on each limb below.

121 First, the standard of care owed by the respondent to Mdm Pappa required
that the respondent should have ensured that Mdm Pappa had been seated, if not
on the Bed, then on the geriatric chair. Given that Mdm Pappa was recovering
from surgery, elderly and seated for the first time on the Visitor’s Chair
which was not suitable for her use, there was a reasonably foreseeable risk
that she would suffer discomfort or pain or not be adequately supported. In
these circumstances, the respondent should not, in the first place, have
allowed her to be seated in the Visitor’s Chair, which provides no safety
features and is hence riskier. Furthermore, given that she had been in an
isolation ward and had not been constantly monitored, it was also foreseeable
that when she in fact started suffering discomfort or pain, she could not
directly and immediately seek assistance from the respondent. While this
would, to a significant extent, be mitigated by having the Bell within reach,
this was not the case here. Accordingly, the respondent should have taken
precautions: when Mdm Pappa had made known to Ms Hou that she was suffering
some pain, Ms Hou should have moved Mdm Pappa to either the Bed or the
geriatric chair. This is also prescribed by the Manual (at [68] above) and the
respondent’s witnesses testified to the same effect (Ms Kaur at [71]; Ms Myat
at [72] above). In fact, Ms Hou herself gave evidence that, if a patient
experienced back pain, she would have transferred the patient back to their
bed because it would be more comfortable “as well as much more safer for the
patient”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Ms Hou’s AEIC at para 8; Ms Hou’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 3: 19 May 2022)
at p15 lines 25 to 29.

Clearly, regardless of whether Mdm Pappa expressly asked to be moved back to
the Bed, the respondent ought to have moved her to the Bed, particularly as
soon as it was aware that she suffered pain. Second, for the same reasons
above, the respondent had to, in order to meet its standard of care, have
ensured that the Bell was at all times within Mdm Pappa’s reach. Mdm Pappa
could only have asked for help by pressing the Bell, since she could neither
shout nor gesture in order to get attention. Furthermore, it should be
highlighted that a key plank of the respondent’s case is that Mdm Pappa had
been a cooperative patient who had no difficulty pressing the Bell: indeed,
this was a reason cited by the respondent’s witnesses to explain why it was
not necessary that a nurse, family member or caregiver remain with Mdm Pappa
at all times and why she did not need to be moved from the Visitor’s Chair to
the Bed. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Ms Kaur’s XX / Court Transcript (Day 2: 31 March 2022) at p39 lines 21–31, p40
lines 7, 8, 10 and 11; Defendant’s Reply Submissions at paras 23 and 29.

Indeed, the respondent itself appears to acknowledge that placing the Bell
within Mdm Pappa’s reach was crucial to their meeting the standard of care
required of them. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Respondent’s Case at paras 61 and 62.

122 Notwithstanding that Mdm Pappa pleaded as a ground of appeal that the
respondent failed to monitor her adequately by not having CCTVs installed in
the Room, 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Appellant’s Case at paras 77 and 83(d).

no evidence was led that CCTVs needed to be installed to meet the standard of
care. In light of the findings above, I do not need to say more about this
issue.

Breach of duty of care

123 I found that Ms Hou had allowed Mdm Pappa to continue sitting on the
Visitor’s Chair despite having been informed of Mdm Pappa’s pain. I also found
that the Bell had, on the balance of probabilities, not been placed within Mdm
Pappa’s reach. Accordingly, the respondent had breached its duty of care owed
to Mdm Pappa.

Causation

124 The respondent’s failure to observe their duty of care to Mdm Pappa had
thus set the stage for the Fall, and caused Mdm Pappa to suffer loss. The
evidence suggests that, but for the respondent allowing Mdm Pappa to remain
seated in the Visitor’s Chair and failing to ensure that the Bell was within
her reach, Mdm Pappa would not have suffered the Fall. However, the issue of
whether Mdm Pappa is to some, if any, degree responsible, by choosing to
attempt self-ambulation, goes to the issue of contributory negligence.

Conclusion

125 I therefore overturn the DJ’s verdict dismissing Mdm Pappa’s claim. I will
hear parties separately on the issue of contributory negligence and costs.

Hri Kumar Nair  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Palaniappan Sundararaj and Ranita Yogeeswaran (K&L Gates Straits Law LLC) for
the appellant;

Vanessa Yong and Melissa Er (Legal Clinic LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Mar 2023 (12:07 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

