Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 33

Bankruptcy No 2704 of 2020 (Summonses Nos 4139, 4144 and 4145 of 2022)

In the matter of Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act (Act 40 of
2018)

And

In the matter of the Estate of Lim Lie Hoa also known as Lim Le Hoa also known
as Lily Arif Husni

Between

Jane Rebecca Ong  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Lim Lie Hoa also known as Lim Le Hoa also known as Lily Arief Husni  
---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Insolvency Law — Bankruptcy — Trustee in bankruptcy — Inspection of bankers’
books — Whether principles applicable to inquiry of company’s dealings is also
applicable to examination of bankrupt and others]

[Banking — Banker’s books — Proceedings — Civil]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Jane Rebecca

  
v

  

Lim Lie Hoa

[2023] SGHC 33

General Division of the High Court — Bankruptcy No 2704 of 2020 (Summonses Nos
4139, 4144 and 4145 of 2022)  
Goh Yihan JC  
17 January 2023

15 February 2023

Goh Yihan JC:

1 The applicants were the joint and several private trustees of the estate of
the deceased debtor (“the Estate”), Mdm Lim Lie Hoa, also known as Lim Le Hoa,
also known as Lily Arief Husni (“the Deceased Debtor”). These were the
applicants’ applications, pursuant to s 335 of the Insolvency, Restructuring
and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IRDA”), in HC/SUM 4139/2022, HC/SUM
4144/2022 and HC/SUM 4145/2022 (“the Applications”). The respondents were
Citibank Singapore Limited, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited and
United Overseas Bank Limited, respectively. While the prayers sought for in
each of the Applications differ slightly, the main prayer for all was for an
order, pursuant to s 175 of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed) (“EA”) read
with s 47 of the Banking Act 1970 (“BA”), and para 7 of Part 1 of the Third
Schedule of the BA, that each respondent provides inspection of the relevant
or specified bankers’ books, and that the applicants be at liberty to inspect
and take copies of the same.

2 After hearing the parties on 17 January 2023, I granted the Applications and
made the orders prayed for in each of them. As the Applications raised, among
others, the relevant principles in an application under s 335 of the IRDA (“s
335”), I explain my decision in these grounds. In particular, I will consider
whether the principles in respect of an application under s 244 of the IRDA
(“s 244”), which is the provision providing for an inquiry into company’s
dealings when a company is in judicial management or is being wound up, are
also applicable in the context of an application under s 335.

Background facts

3 The Deceased Debtor died on 8 August 2009, following which Mr Ong Siauw Ping
(“OSP”) was appointed as executor and trustee of the Estate, pursuant to the
last will and testament of the Deceased Debtor dated 9 July 2009.

4 On 17 December 2020, the plaintiff, Ms Jane Rebecca Ong, applied for an
order for the administration in bankruptcy of the Estate of the Deceased
Debtor and for the applicants to be appointed as the joint and several private
trustees of the Estate. That application was made after a statutory demand for
a debt owed by the Deceased Debtor to the plaintiff was served on OSP, and the
21 days referred to in s 312(a)(i) of the IRDA had lapsed since the service of
the demand and the demand was neither complied with nor set aside. An order-
in-terms in respect of that application was granted on 4 March 2021 (the
“administration order”).

5 Since their appointment as private trustees, the applicants have been
investigating into the affairs and property of the Estate so as to reconcile
the accounts. These investigations into the past dealings of the Estate
focused on, among others, a property known as 16 East Sussex Lane Singapore
279802 (“16 East Sussex”). It was discovered that sometime on 5 August 2011,
16 East Sussex was devolved upon OSP. Subsequently, sometime on or around
early 2018, 16 East Sussex was sub-divided into two lots. These two lots were
sold separately to third party purchasers on 27 February 2018 and 17 May 2018,
respectively.

6 The total sale proceeds of 16 East Sussex amounted to $35,088,000 before
accounting for the relevant fees and taxes. According to court papers received
in the examination of judgment debtor against the Estate, OSP admitted that he
had deposited, in his capacity as the sole executor of the Estate, the
abovementioned sale proceeds into his personal bank accounts (“the Bank
Accounts”). The Bank Accounts include those held with, among others, the
respondents in the Applications.

7 While the Deceased Debtor’s will provided that the legal and beneficial
title of 16 East Sussex belongs to OSP, this is “subject to the payment of
debts, expenses and duties”. As such, since 16 East Sussex is a principal
asset of the Estate, the sale proceeds from its sale should have been made
available to the creditors of the Estate before any distribution to the
Estate’s beneficiaries, including to OSP.

8 In this connection, the applicants have since June 2022 requested copies of,
among others, the complete and unredacted bank statements of OSP’s Bank
Accounts to determine the whereabouts of the sale proceeds of 16 East Sussex
(“the Relevant Bank Statements”). The applicants required the Relevant Bank
Statements to ascertain the Estate’s affairs, dealings, and property. In this
regard, the applicants had requested from both OSP and the respondents for
copies of the Relevant Bank Statements. However, OSP had not provided the
applicants with such copies at the date of the Applications. The respondents
had also stated that they were not able to provide such copies without OSP’s
consent or a court order.

The applicable law

Overview

9 The Applications were made under s 335 of the IRDA, read with s 47 of the
BA, para 7 of Part 1 of the Third Schedule of the BA and s 175 of the EA (“s
175”). I will come to these provisions of the BA and the EA subsequently. For
now, ss 335(1) and 335(3) of the IRDA provide as follows:

Examination of bankrupt and others

335.—(1) Where a bankruptcy order has been made, the Court may, upon an
application made by the Official Assignee at any time (whether before or after
the discharge of the bankrupt), or upon an application made by a creditor (who
has tendered a proof) at any time before the discharge of the bankrupt —

(a) summon the bankrupt to appear before it on an appointed day and examine
the bankrupt as to the bankrupt’s affairs, dealings and property; and

(b) summon any other person to appear before the Court on the same or another
appointed day and examine the person, if it appears to the Court that the
person would be able to give information concerning the bankrupt or the
bankrupt’s affairs, dealings or property.

…

(3) Without prejudice to subsection (2), the Court may at any time require any
person mentioned in subsection (1)(b) to submit an affidavit to the Court
containing an account of the person’s dealings with the bankrupt or to produce
any documents in the person’s possession or under the person’s control
relating to the bankrupt or the bankrupt’s affairs, dealings or property.

10 Under s 335(1) of the IRDA, where a bankruptcy order has been made, the
court may, upon an application made by the Official Assignee, summon any
person to appear before the court, if it appears to the court that the person
would be capable of giving information concerning the bankrupt or the
bankrupt’s affairs, dealings, and property. Further, under s 335(3) of the
IRDA, the court may require such a person to produce any documents in his
possession or control concerning the bankrupt or the bankrupt’s affairs,
dealings, or property.

The applicable principles to s 335 of the IRDA

The principles in relation to an application under s 244 of the IRDA apply
similarly

11 There does not appear to be a local decision on s 335 of the IRDA or its
predecessor provision which was s 83 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20) (2009 Rev
Ed). There was also no explanation of s 335 provided in the Report of the
Insolvency Law Review Committee (2013) (Chairman: Lee Eng Beng SC) on which
the IRDA is primarily based. However, there is an analogous provision
applicable in the case of insolvent companies found in s 244 of the IRDA,
which is derived from s 285 of the Companies Act (Cap 50) (2006 Rev Ed)
(“Companies Act”). There have been a number of local decisions explaining the
application of s 285 of the Companies Act (“s 285”). The question that the
Applications posed was whether those principles in relation to s 285 of the
Companies Act (and by extension s 244 of the IRDA) should apply in relation to
s 335 of the IRDA. In my view, those principles should apply to s 335 of the
IRDA as well. I decided this for the following reasons.

12 To begin with, as a matter of precedent, there are foreign decisions which
have held that the equivalent foreign provisions of s 244 of the IRDA should
be applied in accordance with the same principles as the equivalent foreign
provisions of s 335 of the IRDA. Thus, in the English High Court decision of
In re Murjani (A Bankrupt) [1996] 1 WLR 1498 (“Murjani”), Lightman J held that
the principles which apply in the case of an application by the trustee under
s 236 of the Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK) (similar to s 244 of the IRDA) in
cases of insolvent companies must be equally applicable in the case of an
application by a trustee in bankruptcy under s 366 of the same Act (which is
similar to s 335 of the IRDA) (at 1508). Lightman J made this statement in the
context of deciding whether confidential evidence relied on by the trustee of
a bankrupt person, in an application without notice for an order under s 366,
should on its face be disclosed to the party against whom an order is sought,
where the court is of the opinion that the court will or may be unable to
fairly and properly dispose of the application if part of the evidence is
withheld from him (at 1507). While the present application did not involve
confidential information put before the court in support of an application
without notice, I was of the view that this decision is nevertheless authority
for the broader point that there is no distinction between the principles
governing the statutory investigative powers under ss 244 and 335 of the IRDA.

13 The Hong Kong courts have taken a similar approach to that in Murjani. For
example, in the Hong Kong Court of First Instance decision of Ip Pui Lam
Arthur and another v Alan Chung Wah Tang and others [2015] HKCU 578, the court
held that the principles governing the court’s exercise of discretion under s
29 of the Bankruptcy Ordinance (Cap 6) (Hong Kong) (“Bankruptcy Ordinance”),
which is the equivalent provision to s 335 of the IRDA, and those governing
the exercise of such discretion under s 221 of the Companies Ordinance (Cap
622) (Hong Kong) (“Companies Ordinance”) (now repealed), which is the
equivalent provision to s 244 of the IRDA, would be essentially the same. The
reason for this, as To J explained, is that the functions of a trustee in
bankruptcy and those of a liquidator in a company insolvency context are
essentially the same. This is to put the affairs of the bankrupt or the
insolvent company in order, as well as to administer the bankrupt’s or the
insolvent company’s affairs in all aspects, including the getting in of any
assets to pay creditors (at [12]). Therefore, the learned judge concluded that
the two provisions serve the same broad purpose of arming the trustee or the
liquidator, in their capacities as officers of the court, with the necessary
powers to investigate the affairs of the bankrupt or the insolvent company.
This is all the more necessary because the trustee in relation to the
bankrupt, similar to a liquidator with respect to the insolvent company, is a
stranger to the bankrupt’s affairs and thus may face some difficulties in
acquiring the relevant information. Thus, adopting the principles set out in
the judgment of the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal in Joint and Several
Liquidators of Kong Wah Holdings Ltd v Grande Holdings Ltd [2007] 1 HKLRD 116,
which was the leading authority in Hong Kong on the exercise of the court’s
powers under s 221 of the Companies Ordinance, the court granted a discovery
order under s 29 of the Bankruptcy Ordinance as the documents sought were
reasonably required to enable the trustees to perform their functions, the
respondents against whom the order was sought were able to provide the
information or documents, and there was nothing to suggest that making an
order against them would be oppressive (at [14] and [71]).

14 More tangentially, in the recent High Court decision of Wang Aifeng v
Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd and another [2022] SGHC 271, I had to
consider the applicable principles to the exercise of a court’s discretion
under s 327(1)(c) of the IRDA (“s 327(1)(c)”). This section provides, among
others, that the court’s permission is needed for legal proceedings to proceed
against a bankrupt. Because there had not been a local decision on the
exercise of discretion under s 327(1)(c) or its predecessor provision in the
now repealed Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed), I had found it helpful to
refer to cases that have laid down factors in the similar context of granting
permission to continue or commence proceedings against companies that are
being wound up. In this context, I had said this (at [29]):

In my view, the policy that underlies s 327(1)(c)(ii), which involves an
insolvent individual, is the same as the policy which applies to the situation
involving the grant of permission to continue or commence proceedings against
an insolvent company. Indeed, as the learned District Judge put it in JA v JB
(at [13]), “the same principles ought to apply to both categories of insolvent
beings, as the task of the liquidator or the trustee in bankruptcy is the same
– to gather in the assets of the insolvent person and then distribute them
fairly … amongst the creditors in as efficient, expeditious and cost-effective
a manner as possible after payment of secured and preferential debts”.

[emphasis added]

15 Accordingly, apart from precedent, the similarity in the policies behind ss
244 and 335 of the IRDA led me to conclude that the applicable principles to
the application of s 244, as well as its predecessor provision under s 285 of
the Companies Act, are also applicable to the application of s 335 of the
IRDA.

The two-stage test applicable to s 335 of the IRDA

16 In this regard, the Singapore courts have adopted a relatively expansive
approach towards s 285 of the Companies Act, which may be invoked to assist a
liquidator in accumulating facts, information, and knowledge that would enable
him to discharge his statutory functions (see the High Court decision of
Liquidator of W&P Piling Pte Ltd v Chew Yin What and others [2004] 3 SLR(R)
164 (“W&P Piling”) at [27]).

17 More specifically, the Court of Appeal in PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and
others v Celestial Nutrifoods Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) [2015] 3 SLR 665
(“Celestial”) had set out a two-stage test in relation to s 285 of the
Companies Act (at [43]) which, for the reasons I have explained above, should
be adopted in relation to s 335 of the IRDA.

18 The first stage of the test set out in Celestial is that, as a threshold
requirement under s 285 of the Companies Act, the liquidator has to show that
there is some reasonable basis for his belief that the person who is the
subject of the application can assist him in obtaining relevant information
and/or documents, and that the information and/or documents are reasonably
(but not absolutely) required. The Court of Appeal in Celestial has held that
the hurdle to be crossed by the liquidator under this first stage is not high.
Indeed, there ought to be a general predisposition in favour of the
liquidator’s views because he, being an officer of the court, is presumed to
be neutral, independent, and acting in the best interest of the company. I
found that this first stage, with the suitable modifications, applied equally
in relation to an application under s 335 of the IRDA.

19 The second stage of the test set out in Celestial requires that the courts
balance the conflicting interests involved in deciding whether to grant the
order under s 285 of the Companies Act. In this regard, as the Court of Appeal
explained in Celestial, the liquidator is generally a stranger to the
company’s affairs. This means that he may be unable to obtain the information
which he needs from persons connected with the company such as officers and
directors of the company. Also, those who may have breached their duties to
the company or engaged in serious wrongdoing would put up some resistance to
any inquiry to their conduct. Even where persons involved with the company are
totally innocent, they may have motives for concealing what they have done. As
such, the power conferred under s 285 enables the liquidator to carry out
investigations by providing him with a strong and cost-effective mechanism to
discharge his duties. Through this, s 285 also protects the public interest in
maintaining confidence in the integrity and effectiveness of the legal
mechanisms by which corporate conduct is regulated. In contrast to this, the
power conferred by s 285 of the Companies Act is undeniably inquisitorial. As
such, it should not be made when it would be wholly unreasonable, unnecessary,
or oppressive to the defendant.

20 More specifically, when balancing the conflicting interests involved, the
courts do not generally consider the risk of a respondent being exposed to
liability as being an absolute bar to the making of an order of s 285 of the
Companies Act. This is because, as the Court of Appeal explained in Celestial
(at [44(b)]), “the purpose of the power under s 285 is to enable the
liquidator to obtain not only general information about the company’s affairs
but also to discover facts and documents relating to specific claims against
specific persons”. As such, while the court will give weight to the risk that
compliance might expose the defendant to liability, that, by itself, will not
be a bar as that would defeat the very purpose of s 285 to enable the
liquidator to seek specific information against individuals. That said, a
court will give weight to the risk that compliance might expose the respondent
to criminal penalties in the jurisdiction in which the documents are situated.
Where there is a real risk, the court will be slow to order production.

21 As with the first stage of the test set out in Celestial, I decided that
the second stage should also apply in relation to an application under s 335
of the IRDA, with the appropriate modifications. In particular, as for the
specific factor of whether the respondent would be exposed to liability, I
considered whether the Bankers’ Books Exception applied. If this exception
applied, then it would absolve the respondents in the present case of any
potential liability and not constitute a factor against an order made in the
applicants’ favour pursuant to s 335. I will explain the applicability of the
Bankers’ Books Exception below.

My decision: the Applications were granted

22 As I alluded to at the outset of these grounds, I granted the Applications.
I did so for the following reasons.

The applicants had standing to make the Applications

23 As a preliminary issue, I decided that the applicants had standing to make
the Applications. This is because, pursuant to s 327(1)(a) read with s 39(2)
of the IRDA, upon the making of the administration order, the property of the
Estate vests in the applicants as private trustees. The property then becomes
divisible among the Estate’s creditors.

24 Moreover, s 39(2) of the IRDA clarifies that, unless the context requires
otherwise, any reference in the IRDA to the Official Assignee includes a
reference to a trustee in bankruptcy. Therefore, pursuant to s 39(1) of the
IRDA, a trustee in bankruptcy has all the functions and duties of the Official
Assignee and may exercise all of the powers of the Official Assignee in
relation to the bankrupt’s estate.

25 As such, I decided that the applicants had the standing to make the present
Applications under s 335 of the IRDA.

The first stage: the Relevant Bank Documents in the possession of the
respondents were reasonably required by the applicants

26 I turned then to consider the first stage of the test in Celestial as
applied to the Applications under s 335 of the IRDA. In my judgment, the
Relevant Bank Documents in the possession of the respondents were reasonably
required by the applicants.

27 First, I found that the applicants had some reasonable basis for their
belief that the respondents could assist them in obtaining the Relevant Bank
Statements. In this connection, the sale proceeds from 16 East Sussex were not
deposited into the Estate’s bank account but were instead deposited directly
into OSP’s bank accounts. Such deposit would be evidenced by OSP’s bank
statements from the respondents and the cashiers’ orders from the sale of 16
East Sussex deposited into the Bank Accounts. As such, I found that the
applicants had a reasonable basis to believe that the respondents would be
able to provide them with the Relevant Bank Statements. In any event, the
respondents have not at any time disputed that they are not able to provide
the applicants with the Relevant Bank Statements. Instead, the respondents’
broad position was that a court order is required before they would release
the Relevant Bank Statements.

28 Second, I also found that the Relevant Bank Statements were reasonably
required by the applicants to discharge their functions and duties. It is
trite law that the general duties of the applicants as private trustees
include the duty to investigate the conduct and affairs of the bankrupt (see s
22(1)(a) of the IRDA). I was satisfied that the events leading up to the sale
of 16 East Sussex, as well as the subsequent deposit of the sale proceeds into
OSP’s Bank Accounts, raised questions as to whether the conduct and affairs of
the Estate had been carried out appropriately. Indeed, because the Deceased
Debtor’s will makes clear that OSP’s legal and beneficial ownership of 16 East
Sussex is “subject to the payment of debts, expenses and duties”, the sale
proceeds from its sale should have been made available to the Estate’s
creditors before any distribution to the Estate’s beneficiaries, including
OSP, was done.

29 Accordingly, I agreed with the applicants that the Relevant Bank Statements
were crucial to their investigations into whether the conduct and affairs of
the Estate have been carried out appropriately. In particular, I was of the
view that the documents in the applicants’ current possession, including the
heavily redacted bank statements, were incomplete and insufficient for them to
conduct their necessary investigations.

30 For all the reasons, I found that the applicants had satisfied the first
stage of the test in Celestial as applied to the Applications under s 335 of
the IRDA.

The second stage: the balance of interests weighed in favour of disclosure

The factors in favour of disclosure

31 I turned then to the second stage of the test in Celestial as applied to
the Applications under s 335 of the IRDA. In this regard, the Court of Appeal
in Celestial had outlined several factors which are relevant to the balancing
exercise in this stage. I decided that most of these factors all pointed in
favour of disclosure with respect to the Applications.

32 First, while the respondents may not have a direct relationship with the
Estate, I noted that they are in possession of the Relevant Bank Statements.
Indeed, as the Court of Appeal held in Celestial (at [44(a)]), the absence of
a fiduciary or contractual relationship with the company in the case of the
third parties should not fetter the exercise of the power under s 285 of the
Companies Act vis-à-vis those third parties so long as the third party is able
to provide relevant information and/or documents. Indeed, there is no
precondition for the exercise of such power under s 285 (see W&P Piling at
[29(c)]). As such, in the present case, the respondents’ lack of a direct
relationship with the Estate should not fetter the exercise of the power under
s 335 of the IRDA vis-à-vis them if they are able to provide the relevant
information and/or documents. Given that I had found that the respondents
could provide the Relevant Bank Statements, this factor counted in favour of
disclosure.

33 Second, the applicants were seeking only an order for the production of the
Relevant Bank Statements and not an oral examination of the respondents. As
the Court of Appeal held in Celestial (at [44(c)]), while s 285 of the
Companies Act does not differentiate between the production of documents and
the oral examination of witnesses, an order for oral examination of witnesses
is likely to be more oppressive than an order for the production of documents.
While an order for the production of documents involves only advancing the
time of discovery if an action ensues, an oral examination provides the
opportunity for pre-trial depositions which the liquidator would never
otherwise be entitled to. The person examined has to answer on oath and his
answers can both provide evidence in support of a subsequent claim brought by
the liquidator and also form the basis of later cross-examination (see
Celestial at [44(c)]). As such, there is a greater risk of oppression when
examination of witnesses is ordered. In the present case, the fact that the
applicants were not seeking an oral examination pointed in favour of
disclosure.

34 Third, while the Court of Appeal in Celestial (at [44(d)]) held that it is
oppressive to require someone suspected of serious wrongdoing or fraud to
prove the case against him on oath before proceedings are brought, this factor
was not applicable here as there was no suggestion that the respondents were
suspected of any serious wrongdoing or fraud.

35 Fourth, there was no litigation contemplated against the respondents. As
such, there was no attempt to gain undue advantages in the litigation process
through the orders sought, which would have counted against disclosure (see
Celestial at [44(e)]).

36 Fifth, while the Court of Appeal in Celestial held (at [44(g)]) that the
court will consider the practical burden imposed when a great deal of time and
expenses is required to comply with disclosure, there was no suggestion by the
respondents that this was the case here. Accordingly, these factors pointed in
favour for an order of disclosure to be made in the Applications.

The specific consideration of the respondents’ potential liability and the
applicability of the Bankers’ Books Exception

(1) Overview of the Bankers’ Books Exception

37 Quite apart from the factors outlined above, the crucial factor in the
Applications pertained to whether the respondents would be exposed to
liability under the BA if they were to comply with any order made by the
court. This therefore concerned the Court of Appeal’s consideration of this
factor in Celestial (at [44(b)] and [44(f)]). In brief, the court had held
that while the risk of a respondent being exposed to liability is a matter
that would be relevant to deciding whether there should be disclosure, it is
merely a factor and will not be conclusive. Likewise, the court also held that
weight will be given to the risk that compliance might expose the respondent
to claims for breach of confidence, or criminal liability in the jurisdiction
where the documents are situated. It was in this context that the respondents
had expressed some reservations about making the Relevant Bank Statements
available without a court order. In particular, the respondents were concerned
about being in breach of banking secrecy requirements if they were to disclose
the Relevant Bank Statements without a court order.

38 In this regard, the duty of bank secrecy is governed by s 47 of the BA.
Section 47(1) of the BA states that customer information must not, in any way,
be disclosed by a bank in Singapore or any of its officers to any other person
except as expressly provided in the BA. Pursuant to s 47(2) of the BA, the
disclosure of customer information may be allowed in certain circumstances as
provided in the Third Schedule of the BA. In particular, para 7 of Part 1 of
the Third Schedule provides that customer information may be disclosed, when
necessary for compliance with an order of the Supreme Court or a Judge sitting
in the Supreme Court pursuant to the powers conferred under Part 4 of the EA,
to all persons to whom the disclosure is required to be made under such court
order. This is what I had termed the “Bankers’ Books Exception”.

39 In this connection, s 175 of the EA (which is found under Part 4 of the EA)
provides that on the application of a party to a legal proceeding, the court
may order that such party be at liberty to inspect and take copies of any
entries in a banker’s book for any of the purposes of such proceedings. For
completeness, I set out the full text of s 175(1), as it is the governing
provision in light of the BA:

Court or Judge may order inspection

175.—(1) On the application of any party to a legal proceeding, the court or a
Judge may order that such party be at liberty to inspect and take copies of
any entries in a banker’s book for any of the purposes of such proceedings.

40 Accordingly, an order by the court made pursuant to its power under s
175(1) of the EA carves out an exception to the requirement of banking secrecy
under s 47(1) of the BA. This exception is permitted by s 47(2) of the BA,
which expressly allows the disclosure of customer information in certain
defined circumstances, including s 175(1) of the EA. As such, I was of the
view that s 175(1) was the governing provision in relation to the Bankers’
Book Exception sought in the Applications.

41 In my view, the application of the Bankers’ Book Exception should be
analysed in three steps: (a) whether the documents concerned fall within the
definition of “bankers’ books” under the EA, (b) if so, whether the proceeding
in which the application for inspection was made is a “legal proceeding” under
the terms of s 175(1) of the EA, and (c) if so, whether the court should
exercise its discretion to order inspection.

(2) The Relevant Bank Statements fell within the definition of “bankers’
books” under s 170 of the EA

42 As stated in s 170 of the EA, “bankers’ books” includes ledgers, day books,
cash books, account books and all other books used in the ordinary business of
the bank. In this regard, the Court of Appeal in Wee Soon Kim Anthony v UBS AG
[2003] 2 SLR(R) 91 (“Anthony Wee”) has held (at [36]) that any form of
permanent record maintained by a bank in relation to the transactions of a
customer, including correspondence between a bank and a customer, would fall
within the scope of “other books” in the definition of “bankers’ books” under
s 170 of the EA. More recently, the High Court in La Dolce Vita Fine Dining
Company Ltd v Zhang Lan and others [2022] SGHC 89 (“La Dolce Vita”), citing
Anthony Wee, further emphasised that for information to be considered an entry
in a bankers’ book, such entry must relate to the transactions of the bank
(see La Dolce Vita at [24]–[25]).

43 With the above definition in mind, I was satisfied that the Relevant Bank
Statements fell within the definition of “bankers’ books” under s 170 of the
EA. This is because they consist of the complete and unredacted bank
statements of OSP’s Bank Accounts. Such bank statements would therefore
constitute a permanent record maintained by the respondents in relation to the
transactions of OSP and/or the bank.

(3) The Applications constituted “legal proceedings” under s 175 of the EA

44 Additionally, I was satisfied that the Applications constituted “legal
proceedings” under s 175 of the EA such that I could order the applicants be
at liberty to inspect and take copies of any entries in a bankers’ book for
the purposes of such proceedings.

45 In this regard, the High Court in Success Elegant Trading v La Dolce Vita
Fine Dining Co Ltd and others and another appeal [2016] 4 SLR 1392 (“Success
Elegant Trading”) held that “legal proceeding” referred to in s 175(1) of the
EA “would refer to the very application for disclosure, in which the applicant
demonstrates a right to discovery independent of s 175” (at [92]). In other
words, for an order of disclosure to be made, a party must demonstrate a
substantive right to the documents, independent of s 175 of the EA. Any
reliance on s 175 would be misconceived as it only provides for the court’s
power to make a disclosure order and is not a substantive basis that grounds a
disclosure application. Put simply, s 175 does not provide an independent
right to inspection of bankers’ books where none existed. While Success
Elegant Trading concerned applications for the discovery of bank documents, I
was of the view that the reasoning in the case was equally applicable in the
context of the Applications, where the production of bank statements was
sought pursuant to s 335 of the IRDA.

46 Applying Success Elegant Trading, I was satisfied that the Applications
brought pursuant to s 335 of the IRDA each constitute a “legal proceeding”
within s 175 of the EA, whereby the applicants have shown a right to the
Relevant Bank Statements independent of s 175. I accepted that the phrase “for
any purpose of such proceedings” in s 175 of the EA includes the purpose of
enabling the applicants to carry out the necessary investigations and to
assess whether the conduct and affairs of the Estate have been carried out
appropriately.

(4) An order to inspect and take copies should be made

47 For the reasons I have given above in relation to why the Relevant Bank
Statements were reasonably required by the applicants for their
investigations, I decided that an order to inspect and take copies should be
made under s 175(1) of the EA.

48 Accordingly, I was satisfied that the Relevant Bank Statements could be
disclosed to the applicants pursuant to the Bankers’ Books Exception.
Returning then to the second stage of the test in Celestial as applied to s
335 of the IRDA, I found that this constituted a factor in favour of making
the orders sought, since any potential liability of the respondents would be
adequately resolved by the application of the Bankers’ Books Exception.

49 Taken holistically, the second stage of the test in Celestial as applied to
s 335 of the IRDA applied in favour of the applicants. I therefore concluded
that it was appropriate to grant the Applications sought.

Conclusion

50 For all of the reasons, I granted the Applications sought. Although these
applications were not seriously contested (if at all), I am grateful to Mr
Kumar and his team for their nonetheless comprehensive and helpful
submissions.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Balakrishnan Ashok Kumar, Gloria Chan Hui En and Stanley Tan Sing Yee
(BlackOak LLC) for the applicants;

Ivan Lim (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the respondent in Summons No 4144 of 2022;

The respondent in Summons No 4139 of 2022 absent and unrepresented;

The respondent in Summons No 4145 of 2022 absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 15 Feb 2023 (13:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

