Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 167

Originating Summons No 780 of 2021

Between

(1)| JTrust Asia Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Mitsuji Konoshita  
(3)| Adalene Limited  
(4)| Bellaven Limited  
(5)| Aref Holdings Limited  
(6)| Baguera Limited  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Res judicata — Issue estoppel]

[Res judicata — Applicable principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
JTrust Asia Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and others

[2023] SGHC 167

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 780 of 2021  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
14 November 2022, 10 April 2023

16 June 2023

Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 The plaintiff, the defendants, and companies related to these parties had
been embroiled in various lawsuits across multiple jurisdictions. In HC/OS
780/2021 (“OS 780”), the plaintiff seeks payment of the sum of
US$124,474,854.00, with interest. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See Originating Summons for HC/OS 780/2021 filed 3 August 2021.

The key question that arose for my determination pertained to whether the
plaintiff could rely on a previous finding by the Court of Appeal (“SGCA”)
that the same defendants were liable for damages in the torts of deceit and/or
conspiracy to the plaintiff.

Introduction

Facts

The parties

2 The plaintiff, JTrust Asia Pte Ltd (“JTA”) is an investment company
incorporated in Singapore. Its parent company, J Trust Co, Ltd (“JTrust
Japan”), is a company incorporated in Japan. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 1st affidavit dated 3 August 2021 at para 5.

3 The first defendant, Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd (“GLH”) is an investment
company incorporated in Singapore. GLH’s sole shareholder is Group Lease
Public Company Limited (“GL Thailand”), a company listed on the Stock Exchange
of Thailand. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 1st affidavit dated 3 August 2021 at para 6.

4 The second defendant, Mr Mitsuji Konoshita (“Mr Konoshita”), is a director
of GLH and was previously Chairman and CEO of GL Thailand. The third to sixth
defendants are companies incorporated in Cyprus (the “Cyprus companies”) and
are controlled and/or beneficially owned by the second defendant at all
material times. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 1st affidavit dated 3 August 2021 at paras 9–14.

Background to the dispute

5 This matter followed on the heels of several decisions already issued in the
dispute between the parties. The relevant past judgments are as follows:

(a) On 26 December 2017, JTA commenced proceedings against the defendants and
Cougar Pacific Pte Ltd (“Cougar”) in HC/S 1212/2017 (“Suit 1212”). Cougar is a
company incorporated in Singapore, which has the same registered address as
GLH and whose sole shareholder is a company owned by a former director of GL
Thailand’s subsidiary in Cambodia. JTA’s claim was that GL Thailand and the
defendants had conspired to defraud JTA into believing that GL Thailand’s
performance was better than it was, and to misappropriate JTA’s investment in
GL Thailand to Mr Konoshita’s benefit by lending money to Cougar and the
Cyprus companies.

(i) Pursuant to Suit 1212, JTA then took out an application under HC/SUM
148/2018 (“SUM 148”) to expand the scope of a Mareva injunction granted ex
parte against several of the defendants in Suit 1212. It also took out an
application under HC/SUM 377/2018 (“SUM 377”) for an order that specific
conduct by several of the defendants in Suit 1212 be prohibited. On the other
hand, GLH and Mr Konoshita took out applications to set aside the ex parte
Mareva injunction (the “Setting Aside Applications”). The High Court dismissed
SUM 148 and SUM 377 and allowed the Setting Aside Applications on 23 February
2018: see JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2018]
SGHC 38 at [1], [2] and [16].

(ii) JTA appealed against this decision in CA/CA 46/2018 (“CA 46”). The SGCA
allowed the appeal, reinstating the domestic Mareva injunctions against GLH,
Mr Konoshita and Cougar, and expanding the injunctions against GLH and Cougar
to worldwide Mareva injunctions on 1 June 2018 in JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v Group
Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2018] 2 SLR 159 (“CA 46 Decision”) at [3].

(iii) GLH and Mr Konoshita applied under HC/SUM 5340/2018 (“SUM 5340”) to
strike out Suit 1212 but were unsuccessful. The High Court gave its decision
on 1 February 2019 in JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and
others [2019] SGHC 21 at [1] and [11].

(b) On 12 February 2020, the High Court gave its decision in respect of Suit
1212 where it dismissed JTA’s claims in the torts of deceit and conspiracy and
discharged the domestic Mareva injunction against Mr Konoshita and the
worldwide Mareva injunctions against GLH and Cougar: see JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v
Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2020] SGHC 29 at [25].

(c) On 13 February 2020, JTA appealed against the High Court’s decision in
Suit 1212 under CA/CA 21/2020 (“CA 21”).

(i) JTA applied under CA/SUM 21/2020 (“SUM 21”) to reinstate the domestic
Mareva injunction against Mr Konoshita and the worldwide Mareva injunctions
against GLH and Cougar pending the determination of CA 21. The SGCA gave its
decision on 1 June 2020 in JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd
and others [2020] 2 SLR 490, wherein it reinstated the domestic Mareva
injunction against Mr Konoshita and the worldwide injunction against GLH but
dismissed the application to reinstate the Mareva injunction against Cougar
(at [103]).

(ii) JTA’s appeal in CA 21 was allowed by the SGCA on 6 October 2020: see
JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v Group Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2020] 2 SLR
1256 (“CA 21 Decision”) at [3] and [257].

(iii) Following the CA 21 Decision, JTA brought an application under CA/SUM
132/2020 for the existing Mareva injunctions against GLH, Mr Konoshita and
Cougar to remain in effect until the judgment debt and costs were satisfied,
and for JTA to be released from undertakings it had provided when the
worldwide Mareva injunctions were granted. GLH and Mr Konoshita in turn
applied under CA/SUM 133/2020 for the enjoined quantum of the Mareva
injunctions to be reduced. On 26 March 2021, in JTrust Asia Pte Ltd v Group
Lease Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2021] 1 SLR 1298, the SGCA ordered, inter
alia, that the Mareva injunctions be extended until GLH, Mr Konoshita and
Cougar satisfied the judgment debt and costs that they owed to JTA, but
reduced the enjoined sum (at [3] and [74]): see JTrust Asia v Group Lease
Holdings Pte Ltd and others [2021] 1 SLR 1298.

6 The above disputes – and also the present one – arose out of three
investment agreements (“IAs”). Between March 2015 and September 2017, while Mr
Konoshita was the chairman of GL Thailand, JTA made investments in GL Thailand
pursuant to the following IAs (see CA 21 Decision at [13]):

(a) The first IA (“1IA”): On 20 March 2015, JTA invested US$30m under the 1IA
which provided that JTA would subscribe to US$30m worth of GL Thailand’s
convertible debentures. JTA completed the subscription on 22 May 2015. In
December 2015, JTA exercised its right to convert the debentures into shares.

(b) The second IA (“2IA”): In June 2016, JTA subscribed for US$130m of GL
Thailand’s convertible debentures. JTA completed the subscription on 1 August
2016. If JTA elected not to convert the debentures into shares, it would be
entitled to be repaid its investment in 2021.

(c) The third IA (“3IA”): On 1 December 2016, JTA subscribed for a further
US$50m of GL Thailand’s convertible debentures. JTA completed the subscription
on 20 March 2017. If JTA elected not to convert the debentures into shares, it
would be entitled to be repaid its investment in 2020.

All three IAs contained an express warranty in respect of the accuracy of GL
Thailand’s consolidated financial statements: see CA 21 Decision at [14].

7 On 16 October 2017, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) of
Thailand issued a news release (the “SEC News Release”) stating that GLH had
issued sham loans under a round-tripping scheme designed to inflate GL
Thailand’s operating results. The SEC announced that it had filed a criminal
complaint against Mr Konoshita: see CA 21 Decision at [18].

8 On 26 December 2017, JTA commenced Suit 1212 against, inter alia, the
defendants, bringing claims in the torts of unlawful conspiracy and deceit:
see CA 21 Decision at [21]. As mentioned above, its claims were dismissed at
first instance, but on appeal, the SGCA in CA 21 allowed JTA’s appeal for its
claims in deceit and unlawful conspiracy: see CA 21 Decision at [202] and
[210]. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 1st affidavit dated 3 August 2021 at paras 31–33.

The SGCA found that the loans made were in fact shams and not bona fide,
independent, arm’s length transactions: see CA 21 Decision at [45]. The SGCA
allowed JTA’s appeal for its claims in deceit and unlawful conspiracy (see CA
21 Decision at [202] and [210]) and awarded JTA damages for its loss suffered
as a result of the exercise of conversion rights of the convertible debentures
under the 1IA (see CA 21 Decision at [239]). The SGCA also held that JTA was
entitled to the principal sum of US$50m owed under the 3IA, minus the interest
it had received (see CA 21 Decision at [246]). However, JTA was unable to
establish actual loss for the 2IA at the time, as it was only entitled to be
repaid the principal sum of its investments in 2021 and had not proven that GL
Thailand would not be able to pay back the principal sum for the 2IA in 2021
(CA 21 Decision at [244]–[245]). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 1st affidavit dated 3 August 2021 at paras 31–33.

Maturity of the 2IA and the present proceedings

9 On 30 July 2021, GL Thailand issued a notice purporting to terminate the 2IA
on the basis that JTA had, inter alia, issued a notice avoiding the 2IA on 30
November 2017 (“the Avoidance Notice”). According to GL Thailand, JTA had
therefore allegedly waived its contractual rights under the 2IA, which in turn
“constituted the parties’ mutual intention to extinguish the [2IA]”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 1st affidavit dated 3 August 2021 at para 38 and NA-10.

10 Following the maturity of the 2IA on 1 August 2021, GL Thailand did not pay
JTA the principal sum under the 2IA. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 1st affidavit dated 3 August 2021 at para 35; Plaintiff’s
Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 9.

11 On 3 August 2021, JTA commenced OS 780 against the defendants to claim for
loss and damage suffered by JTA as a result of entering into the 2IA. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PWS at para 9.

JTA essentially seeks to be paid its principal investment of US$130m minus the
interest it received in respect of the 2IA. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PWS at para 90.

In OS 780, JTA sought the following orders: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See Originating Summons for HC/OS 780/2021 filed 3 August 2021.

(a) for the defendants to pay JTA the sum of US$124,474,854.00;

(b) for a declaration that the defendants are jointly and severally liable to
JTA for the sum of US$124,474,854.00;

(c) for the defendants to pay JTA interest on any or all sums due and payable
to it;

(d) for the costs of and incidental to this application to be paid by the
defendants; and

(e) such further or other relief as the court deems fit.

Proceedings in Thailand (the “Thai proceedings”)

12 JTA and GL Thailand have also commenced proceedings against each other in
Thailand. JTA has also initiated private prosecution complaints against GL
Thailand and GL Thailand is also facing criminal investigations. I elaborate
on these proceedings below.

Proceedings by JTA

13 First, JTA commenced Black Case No Por 83/2561 (the “Thai Civil Case”) on 9
January 2018 against Mr Konoshita, GL Thailand, and three directors of GLH. In
these proceedings, JTA sought damages arising from: (a) avoidance of the 2IA
on the basis of fraudulent misrepresentations made by GL Thailand and GL
Thailand’s failure to restore JTA into its former position prior to its entry
into the 2IA, and (b) its claim against GL Thailand for committing the tort of
fraudulent representation. As the trial dates were fixed on certain days
between 8 November 2022 to 14 December 2022, the matter had not been heard at
the time of the present proceedings. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 9th affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at paras 8–9; Don
Rojanapenkul’s 1st affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 10(3); Nobiru
Adachi’s 7th affidavit dated 8 April 2022 at para 65.

14 Second, on 10 January 2018, JTA filed rehabilitation proceedings (the
“Rehabilitation Proceedings”) against GL Thailand in the Central Bankruptcy
Court of Thailand. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 9th affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 10; Don
Rojanapenkul’s 1st affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 10(4).

It was ultimately unsuccessful in its petition for rehabilitation. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Don Rojanapenkul’s 2nd affidavit dated 28 October 2022 at para 24; Decision of
the Supreme Court of Thailand (translated) dated 22 December 2021 (Amonwan
Chatchalitwaphong’s 1st affidavit of 4 Jan 2022 at AC-1 Tab 2)

Proceedings by GL Thailand

15 First, in Black Case No 2313/2561 (“Thai Claim 2313”), GL Thailand seeks
damages in tort arising from JTA’s unlawful commencement of Suit 1212 in
Singapore, as well as the Thai Civil Case and Rehabilitation Proceedings. The
Thai Civil Court gave its first instance decision on 5 March 2020. JTA
appealed and its appeal was allowed by the Thai Court of Appeal in March 2021.
On 31 August 2022, GL Thailand obtained leave to appeal against the Thai Court
of Appeal’s decision to the Supreme Court of Thailand. The appeal is still
pending. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 7th affidavit dated 8 April 2022 at para 71; Nobiru Adachi’s
9th affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 12; Don Rojanapenkul’s 1st
affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 10(7); Don Rojanapenkul’s 2nd affidavit
dated 28 October 2022 at paras 31–32; Nobiru Adachi’s 10th affidavit dated 28
October 2022 at paras 18–19.

16 Second, GL Thailand filed Black Case No Aor 6/2561 with the Central
Bankruptcy Court of Thailand against JTA and other persons, alleging that they
had unlawfully filed the Rehabilitation Proceedings. On 9 August 2022, the
claim was dismissed, and GL Thailand had yet to appeal at the material time.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 9th affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at paras 13–27; Don
Rojanapenkul’s 1st affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 10(9); Don
Rojanapenkul’s 2nd affidavit dated 28 October 2022 at para 36; Nobiru Adachi’s
10th affidavit dated 28 October 2022 at para 21.

17 Third, GL Thailand filed Black Case No Por 4613/2563 (“Thai Claim 4613”)
against JTrust Japan, JTA and two directors of JTA and JTrust Japan, alleging
that they had wrongfully induced JTA to commence the Thai Civil Case,
Rehabilitation Proceedings and/or Suit 1212. This matter was pending trial at
the material time. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 7th affidavit dated 8 April 2022 at para 73; Nobiru Adachi’s
9th affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at paras 18–23; Don Rojanapenkul’s 1st
affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 10(8).

18 Lastly, GL Thailand commenced Black Case No Por 5922/2564 (“Thai Claim
5922”) against JTA and JTrust Japan, alleging that JTA had breached the 2IA
and acted in a manner which undermined the purposes and intent of the 2IA.
This matter was pending trial at the material time. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 7th affidavit dated 8 April 2022 at para 74; Nobiru Adachi’s
9th affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at paras 24–25; Don Rojanapenkul’s 1st
affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 10(10); Nobiru Adachi’s 10th affidavit
dated 28 October 2022 at para 23.

Criminal cases/private prosecutions

19 In 2018, the Thai SEC filed Special Case No 36/2561 (“Special Case 36”)
with the Department of Special Investigations of the Ministry of Justice of
Thailand (“Department of Special Investigations (Thailand)” against Mr
Konoshita on the basis that he had concealed transactions and prepared false
accounts in respect of GL Thailand’s financial statements. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 9th affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 26; Don
Rojanapenkul’s 1st affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 10(1).

20 On 11 January 2018, JTA filed Special Case No 153/2561 with the Department
of Special Investigations (Thailand) against GL Thailand, Mr Konoshita, and
another person who was a director of both GL Thailand and GLH, complaining
that they were in breach of the Thai Penal Code 1956 (“Thai Penal Code”) and
the Thai Public Limited Companies Act 1992 (“Thai Public Limited Companies
Act”) by making materially false statements to induce JTA’s investments in GL
Thailand. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 9th affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 27; Don
Rojanapenkul’s 1st affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 10(2).

On 29 June 2022, the Thai Attorney-General issued a non-prosecution order
(“NPO”) in respect of the offence under the Thai Penal Code. Moreover, the
investigations in respect of the offences under the Thai Public Limited
Companies Act would be considered under Special Case 36 instead. Such
investigations were still ongoing at the material time. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 9th affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at NA-91; Nobiru Adachi’s
10th affidavit dated 28 October 2022 at para 24; Don Rojanapenkul’s 1st
affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 10(2); Don Rojanapenkul’s 2nd affidavit
dated 28 October 2022 at paras 11 and 22.

21 JTA also initiated two private prosecution complaints which were still
pending at the material time:

(a) on 18 July 2022, JTA commenced Black Case Aor No 2201/2565 against GL
Thailand, Mr Konoshita, and one Mr Tashiro alleging that they had defrauded
JTA and seeking reliefs pursuant to s 341 of the Thai Penal Code; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 9th affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 30(a); Don
Rojanapenkul’s 1st affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 10(6);
Rojanapenkul’s 2nd affidavit dated 28 October 2022 at para 25.

and

(b) on 26 April 2022, JTA commenced Black Case No Aor 991/2565 against the
same persons in [(a)] and one Mr Tatsuya Konoshita, alleging that they were in
breach of s 216 of the Thai Public Limited Companies Act by jointly making
false entries in GL Thailand’s financial statements and by failing to disclose
GL Thailand’s interest in the contracts entered into by the GL group of
companies. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Nobiru Adachi’s 9th affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 30(b); Don
Rojanapenkul’s 1st affidavit dated 7 October 2022 at para 10(5).

Procedural history

22 I turn now to the procedural history of OS 780. Pursuant to an application
under HC/SUM 3637/2021 made on 3 August 2021 by JTA, a worldwide Mareva
injunction was issued by way of HC/ORC 4388/2021 (“ORC 4388”) against GLH, and
a domestic Mareva injunction HC/ORC 4389/2021 (“ORC 4389”) was issued against
Mr Konoshita, pending the final determination of OS 780 or further order.

23 Separately, GLH and Mr Konoshita applied under HC/SUM 4368/2021 for a stay
of OS 780 in favour of the courts of Thailand on the basis that Singapore was
not the proper or appropriate forum for the determination of the dispute in OS
780 and/or on case management grounds. This application was dismissed, and GLH
and Mr Konoshita appealed against the decision in HC/RA 18/2022 (“RA 18”). On
11 February 2022, I dismissed the appeal in RA 18 and ordered that the costs
of RA 18 be costs in the cause fixed at S$9,000, all in. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See HC/ORC 937/2022 dated 21 February 2022.

The parties’ cases

Whether the issue of the first and second defendants’ liability in deceit and
unlawful means conspiracy is res judicata

24 The crux of JTA’s submissions was that the finding of the SGCA that the
defendants were liable in tort of deceit and conspiracy in respect of the 2IA
was res judicata and created binding issue estoppels precluding the defendants
from re-litigating the issue of liability. Alternatively, JTA submitted that
the defendants were barred by the rule in Henderson v Henderson (1843) 3 Hare
100 (the “Henderson rule”) from raising this argument in OS 780 in abuse of
process. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS at paras 48–65 and 104–113; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (“PRS”) at paras
38 and 45.

25 GLH and Mr Konoshita, as the first and second defendants respectively, in
turn submitted that the SGCA findings were not binding on them in relation to
the 2IA. They pointed out that the SGCA had accepted JTA’s claims on the basis
of news released by the SEC News Release of 16 October 2017 (see above at [7])
which stated that the SEC had filed a criminal complaint against Mr Konoshita
with the Department of Special Investigations (Thailand) and was investigating
other persons. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions (“DWS”) at paras 25–26.

However, the SGCA did not have the opportunity to consider the NPO which
showed that the Department of Special Investigations (Thailand) and the Office
of the Attorney-General had found that there was insufficient evidence to
justify prosecution under s 341 of the Thai Penal Code. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

DWS at paras 80–85 and 100(1).

Moreover, the SGCA in CA 21 had not made any determination as to JTA’s alleged
loss suffered under the 2IA. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DWS at paras 86–97 and 100(2).

In reply submissions, JTA responded that GLH and Mr Konoshita’s arguments that
there were material changes to the background facts were “factually and
legally fallacious”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PRS at para 45.

Whether JTA suffered loss and damage as a result of the torts

26 JTA submitted that under the 2IA, it was entitled to be repaid its
principal investment sum of US$130m upon the maturity date of 1 August 2021,
and that GL Thailand had failed to pay JTA since the passing of this maturity
date. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PWS at para 68.

The quantum it presently sought constituted the principal sum of US$130m, less
the interest of US$5,525,146 received in respect of the 2IA. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PWS at para 90.

27 JTA also submitted that it did not cause or contribute to its own loss
through its commencement of proceedings against GL Thailand. The SGCA had not
accepted such an argument with respect to proceedings commenced by JTA prior
to 6 October 2020 (when the CA 21 Decision was issued), and JTA had not
commenced fresh proceedings between 6 October 2020 and the maturity date of
the 2IA on 1 August 2021. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PWS at paras 91–99.

The proceedings that were commenced after 1 August 2021 were also irrelevant
as they had no bearing on whether GL Thailand would be in a position to pay
JTA on the maturity date, and as one of them had been commenced by GL Thailand
itself. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PWS at paras 100–103.

28 The first and second defendants in turn submitted that no loss and damage
was suffered by JTA in respect of the 2IA. This was because JTA’s position in
the Thai Civil Case was that it had cancelled and/or voided the 2IA by way of
the Avoidance Notice on 30 November 2017, prior to the commencement of Suit
1212. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DWS at paras 102–105.

Moreover, JTA had not established how GL Thailand’s refusal to pay JTA the
principal sum under the 2IA would constitute a loss that JTA could recover
from GLH and Mr Konoshita. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DWS at paras 119–120.

29 In reply, JTA submitted that the Avoidance Notice and evidence of the Thai
Civil Case had been before the SGCA in CA 21. There was nothing inconsistent
about JTA taking the position in the Thai Civil Case that 2IA and 3IA had been
avoided as a matter of Thai law, and the position in Suit 1212 and CA 21 that
as a matter of Singapore law, JTA had suffered loss and damage as it would not
have entered into the IAs but for the defendants’ deceit and conspiracy. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PRS at paras 49–53.

Further, in Suit 1212 and CA 21, it was the first and second defendants who
had pleaded that notwithstanding JTA’s Avoidance Notice, JTA would still
receive the principal sum invested. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PRS at para 55.

30 The first and second defendants submitted in reply that the precise
interest said to have been infringed upon was JTA’s right to receive a return
of the principal sum (less the interest) upon maturity of the 2IA. Since it
had not been established that GL Thailand was not in an ordinary position to
repay the principal sum on 1 August 2021, there was no basis for JTA to assert
that it has been defrauded into thinking that GL Thailand would be in an
ordinary position to repay the principal on maturity. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions (“DRS”) at paras 51–52.

Whether a case management stay should be granted

31 JTA submitted that the Thai proceedings did not affect the outcome of OS
780 and no case management stay should be granted. JTA argued that the
defendants were also barred by issue estoppel or the Henderson rule from
arguing that the Thai proceedings – and their findings on GL Thailand’s
liability to JTA and any set-off that may arise from the findings in the Thai
proceedings – would affect the outcome of OS 780. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PWS at paras 118–142.

In any case, JTA contended that the question of whether JTA had suffered loss
and damage in respect of the torts of deceit and conspiracy under Singapore
law did not depend on the liability, if any, incurred in the proceedings in
Thailand between JTA and GL Thailand. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PWS at para 144–153; PRS at paras 79–80 and 85.

JTA also submitted that there were no grounds for a case management stay as
there were no overlapping issues with the Thai proceedings, which in turn
meant that the resolution of OS 780 did not depend on the determination of the
Thai proceedings; rather, the facts required for a proper resolution of OS 780
had already been determined in CA 21. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PWS at paras 159–164.

Even if there was some notional or theoretical overlap, JTA argued it would
still not be in the interests of justice or efficient case management for OS
780 to be stayed. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PWS at paras 165–166.

32 The first and second defendants in turn submitted that a case management
stay should be granted pending the determination of the Thai proceedings
including the Thai Civil Case, Thai Claim 5922, Thai Claim 2313, and Thai
Claim 4613 on the ground that it would be just and convenient to do so to
avoid the risk of inconsistent judgments and of double recovery. Even if JTA
was found to have suffered loss and damage in respect of the 2IA, the first
and second defendants submitted that the quantum of damages could not be
determined when Thai proceedings dealing with the same issue were ongoing (ie,
the Thai Civil Case and Thai Claim 5922). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DWS at paras 144–147, 178–181.

Moreover, the question of whether GLH and Mr Konoshita were liable in the
torts of deceit and conspiracy remained under investigation in the Thai Civil
Case with fresh evidence of the NPO. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DWS at paras 166–217; DRS at paras 71 and 84–86.

They also suggested that no real prejudice would be occasioned through a
temporary case management stay. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DRS at para 6.

Issues to be determined

33 The following issues arose for my consideration:

(a) whether the first and second defendants were liable in the tort of deceit
in respect of the 2IA;

(b) whether the first and second defendants were liable in the tort of
conspiracy in respect of the 2IA;

(c) whether JTA suffered any loss or damage;

(d) whether JTA’s loss or damage was caused by or contributed to by JTA’s
alleged wrongful acts in commencing various proceedings against GL;

(e) the quantum of damages, if any, to be awarded; and

(f) whether there should be a case management stay in view of the ongoing Thai
proceedings.

Doctrine of res judicata

34 The doctrine of res judicata has been described as a “portmanteau term
which is used to describe a number of different legal principles with
different juridical origins” (see The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly
known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan Corporate
Advisory Pte Ltd and others, other parties) and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR
1104 (“RBS”) at [98]). Essentially, it provides that the final judicial
pronouncement of a competent court creates legal barriers to re-litigation,
and it is founded on two undergirding considerations: the public interest of
finality in litigation and the private interest that nobody be proceeded
against twice on the same matter (see Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and
others v Yeo Boong Hua and others and another appeal and other matters [2017]
2 SLR 12 (“Turf Club”) at [81]). There are three conceptually distinct but
interrelated principles which make up the doctrine of res judicata (Turf Club
at [82]):

(a) cause of action estoppel;

(b) issue estoppel; and

(c) the extended doctrine of res judicata, ie, the defence of abuse of process
or the Henderson rule (the “extended doctrine”).

35 Cause of action estoppel holds that when a cause of action has been
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to exist or not to exist
between the same parties, that outcome may not be challenged by either party
in subsequent proceedings: (see Turf Club at [83]; RBS at [99]).

36 Issue estoppel is wider in application than cause of action estoppel, and
operates as long as some question of fact or law which is necessarily common
to both an earlier action and a later action had been decided on the earlier
occasion and is binding on the parties, either in the course of the same
litigation (eg, as a preliminary point) or in other litigation which raises
the same point between the same parties (see Turf Club at [84]; RBS at [100]).
The following requirements must be met to establish an issue estoppel (see
Turf Club at [87], citing Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v MCST Plan No 301
[2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 at [14]–[15]):

(a) there must be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits;

(b) the judgment must be by a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) the two actions that are being compared must involve the same parties; and

(d) there must be identity of subject matter in the two proceedings.

37 That being said, the doctrine of issue estoppel may be excluded in the
special circumstance where relevant evidence subsequently becomes available
(see Beh Chew Boo v Public Prosecutor [2021] 2 SLR 180 at [39]). This
exception has been referred to in local case law as the Arnold exception,
taking its name from the House of Lords decision of Arnold and others v
National Westminster Bank plc [1991] 2 AC 93, where it was considered that
there might be “an exception to issue estoppel in the special circumstance
that there has become available to a party further material relevant to the
correct determination of a point involved in the earlier proceedings”,
provided that the further material in question “could not by reasonable
diligence have been adduced in those [earlier] proceedings” (at 109A–109B).
However, the Arnold exception is a highly circumscribed one, for which five
cumulative conditions which must be fulfilled before such exception can arise:
(see RBS at [103] and [190]):

(a) first, the decision said to give rise to issue estoppel must directly
affect the future determination of the rights of the litigants;

(b) second, the decision must be shown to be clearly wrong;

(c) third, the error in the decision must be shown to have stemmed from the
fact that some point of fact or law relevant to the decision was not taken or
argued before the court which made that decision and could not reasonably have
been taken or argued on that occasion;

(d) fourth, there can be no attempt to claw back rights that have accrued
pursuant to the erroneous decision or to otherwise undo the effects of that
decision; and

(e) fifth, it must be shown that great injustice would result if the litigant
in question were estopped from putting forward the particular point which is
said to be the subject of issue estoppel – in this regard, if the litigant
failed to take advantage of an avenue of appeal that was available to him, it
will usually not be possible for him to show that the requisite injustice
nevertheless exists.

38 Finally, the extended doctrine applies to situations where litigants seek
to argue points not previously determined by the court as they had not been
brought to the court’s attention but ought properly to have been raised or
argued then. The extended doctrine essentially extends the cause of action
estoppel and issue estoppel to preclude parties, in the absence of special
circumstances, from raising in subsequent proceedings matters which were not,
but could and should have been, raised in the earlier proceedings (see Turf
Club at [85]; RBS at [101]–[102]).

Decision

The first and second defendant’s liability in deceit and unlawful means
conspiracy was res judicata

39 A major plank of the first and second defendants’ submissions was
essentially that JTA’s causes of action in tort and the issue of JTA’s loss
under the 2IA were both not complete as the issue of loss and damage had not
been resolved in CA 21. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DWS at paras 93(1) and 93(2).

JTA clarified in its reply submissions that it did not take the position that
cause of action estoppel would apply as a result of the CA 21 Decision. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

PRS at para 38(a).

In any event, I did not think it was necessary to consider the operation of
cause of action estoppel here. It was clear from the CA 21 Decision that JTA
had causes of action in the torts of deceit and conspiracy with respect to the
2IA against the first and second defendants; the real dispute before me was
not actually over the question of whether parties were entitled to challenge
the existence or non-existence of this cause of action. Instead, the question
before me was whether the doctrine of issue estoppel applied in this case; ie,
whether the defendants were precluded in OS 780 from litigating issues
pertaining to their liability in deceit and conspiracy, in light of the SGCA’s
holding in CA 21 that actual loss under 2IA had not been established as it was
not evident that GL Thailand would not be able to pay JTA in 2021 for the 2IA
(see CA 21 Decision at [243]–[245]).

40 Turning then to the question of issue estoppel, I was of the view that with
respect to the 2IA, the doctrine of issue estoppel would operate to prevent
re-litigation of the question of whether the defendants were liable in the
torts of deceit and conspiracy. Out of the four requirements to make out issue
estoppel (see above at [36]), the first three were clearly met in the present
case. It was hence unsurprising that the first and second defendants only
appeared to seriously dispute the fourth requirement, ie, that there must be
identity of subject matter in both CA 21 and the present proceedings.

41 The first and second defendants contended that there was no final and
conclusive judgment on the merits in the CA 21 Decision in relation to the
issue of JTA’s loss under the 2IA, and hence the CA 21 Decision had no
preclusive effect on their ability to defend themselves on the issue of loss
and damage. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DWS at para 93(2).

I did not agree with this line of argument. With respect to JTA’s claim in
deceit, the SGCA had found in the CA 21 Decision that:

(a) GLH had made false representations of fact to JTA through GL Thailand’s
financial statements (at [146]);

(b) Mr Konoshita and GLH had both made false representations of fact (at
[165]); and

(c) JTA had relied on Mr Konoshita’s representations along with GL Thailand’s
financial statements before entering into the 2IA (at [172]);

(d) JTA had established dishonest intent on the part of GLH and Mr Konoshita
(at [192], [194]–[201]); and

(e) JTA had made out all the elements of its claim in deceit against GLH and
Mr Konoshita (at [202]).

42 With respect to JTA’s claim in unlawful conspiracy, the SGCA held that the
first to seventh respondents in CA 21 had intended to cause loss to JTA and
were liable for the unlawful conspiracy claim (at [210]).

43 The SGCA proceeded to note at [221] that:

Having found [Mr Konoshita] and GLH liable for the deceit claim and the first
to seventh respondents liable for the unlawful conspiracy claim, we now turn
to the assessment of damages.

It then held that actual loss under 2IA had not been established as it was not
evident that GL Thailand would not be able to pay JTA in 2021 for the 2IA (see
CA 21 Decision at [243]–[245]).

44 From the above, it was clear to me that the only question of fact and/or
law which was not caught by issue estoppel was the question of the quantum of
damages to which JTA was entitled under the 2IA following its maturity, and GL
Thailand’s non-payment of the principal sum. This question could be considered
in the present application and will be addressed later in these grounds. Other
questions pertaining to liability in deceit and/or unlawful conspiracy were
however already resolved in CA 21 and could not be re-litigated in the present
application.

45 Turning to another point, the first and second defendants also submitted
that although the SGCA had accepted JTA’s claims mounted on the basis of the
SEC News Release, the SGCA had not yet considered the NPO as well as the Thai
Civil Case, which had not yet been concluded at the material time.
Preliminarily and for the sake of clarity, while Suit 1212 was commenced soon
after the SEC News Release, I did not think that the subsequent and final
decision in CA 21 was based solely on the SEC News Release. Rather, the SGCA
had premised its findings in respect of GLH’s liability on evidence of: (a)
two levels of round-tripping, which in turn showed that there had been sham
loans designed to misrepresent GL Thailand’s profitability; (b) the unusual
and suspicious nature of the loans in question; and (c) Mr Konoshita’s
beneficial ownership of the third to seventh respondent borrowers, which
included the Cyprus companies (see CA 21 Decision at [46]–[86], [101]–[111]).

46 Turning then to the NPO, I did not think the NPO sufficed to change the
complexion of JTA’s case against GLH, such that the Arnold exception would
thereby arise in GLH’s favour. Applying the cumulative conditions of the
Arnold exception (see above at [37]), I did not see how the NPO would
establish that CA 21 had been clearly wrong. The NPO was concerned with
criminal fraud as defined in s 341 of the Thai Penal Code. This had no bearing
on the SGCA’s finding of whether the elements of deceit and unlawful means
conspiracy in Singapore tort law were made out; the NPO did not throw up any
new evidence that would be relevant to establishing the first and second
defendant’s liability for the torts of deceit and unlawful means conspiracy.

47 As for the Thai Civil Case, this was a claim for contractual damages
against GL Thailand on the basis of JTA’s Avoidance Notice of the 2IA and was
distinct from the loss and damage claimed for here, which instead was based on
JTA’s claim that it entered into the 2IA as a result of the defendants’ deceit
and conspiracy. Accordingly, I did not see how any decision in the Thai Civil
Case would engage the Arnold exception since it would not be relevant to the
first and second defendant’s liability in tort. Further, as noted by JTA, the
CA 46 Decision had already held at [50] that JTA’s contractual claim against
GL Thailand in the Thai proceedings was separate from its claims in tort in
Singapore against entities which it alleged to be part of a conspiracy to
defraud it. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PWS at para 43.

48 As such, I found that issue estoppel would bar the defendants from
relitigating the question of whether they were liable in deceit and
conspiracy.

The remaining issue of the quantum of damages to which JTA was entitled

49 For the same reasons as above, I was satisfied that JTA had suffered loss
or damage pursuant to the 2IA. I was of the view that only the quantum of
damages pursuant to the 2IA was a live issue in OS 780.

50 The first and second defendants contended that GL Thailand’s ability to
make repayment had been impaired by JTA’s unreasonable intervening conduct in
the form of bringing proceedings in various jurisdictions as well as the
obtaining of Mareva injunctions. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

DWS at paras 148–163.

I saw little merit in this line of argument. It was already established in the
CA 21 Decision that JTA’s loss and damage arose from the tortious wrongs
inflicted by the defendants. Moreover, JTA was entitled to seek legal remedies
for alleged wrongs that it had sustained; I did not see how doing so would
constitute unreasonable intervening conduct.

51 Turning back to the quantum of damages, I was of the view that JTA is
entitled to the principal sum under the 2IA of US$130m less interest already
received. After deducting the interest already received, I found the first and
second defendants jointly and severally liable to pay JTA the sum of
US$124,474,854.00, with interest to accrue on the said sum at the rate of
5.33% per annum from 1 August 2021 to the date of full payment.

Whether a case management stay should be granted

52 Finally, I turn to the question of whether a case management stay should be
granted. For case management concerns to be relevant at all, there must be the
existence or at least the imminence of separate legal proceedings giving rise
to a real risk of overlapping issues. The typical case would be one where, in
the action, there was some overlap in the parties, some overlap in the issues
engaged, and possibly an underlap in the remedies to be granted: see Rex
International Holding Ltd and another v Gulf Hibiscus Ltd [2019] 2 SLR 682 at
[11].

53 I was not minded to grant a case management stay with respect to OS 780.
The Thai Civil Claim, for one, was against GL Thailand and there was hence no
overlap in parties. The issues also differed sufficiently as the Thai Civil
Claim is for a contractual claim. Moreover, given what I had found above with
respect to issue estoppel, I also did not think the other live Thai
proceedings – which were largely concerned with questions of contractual
liability, unlawful commencement of proceedings or criminal complaints under
the laws of Thailand – were relevant to or had any bearing on the findings and
orders granted in OS 780.

54 Further, as submitted by JTA, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PRS at para 88.

Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp (formerly known as Merck & Co, Inc) v Merck KGaA
(formerly known as E Merck) [2021] 1 SLR 1102 stands for the proposition that
where, between the same parties, there is a prior or subsequent local judgment
that is inconsistent with a foreign judgment, the foreign judgment should not
be recognised (at [36(b)]). As such, even if any findings are made in the
various Thai proceedings as to the first and second defendant’s tortious
liability, I did not think such an overlap would justify the issuance of a
case management stay.

55 Likewise, with respect to the quantum of damages, which I have given my
decision on (see [51] above), I did not think there was a real risk of
overlapping issues which would justify a case management stay.

Conclusion

56 For the foregoing reasons, I allowed OS 780 and ordered the first and
second defendants to pay to JTA damages in the sum of US$124,474,854.00 plus
interest on the said sum at the rate of 5.33% per annum from 1 August 2021 to
the date of full payment.

57 As for costs, I ordered the first and second defendants to jointly and
severally pay JTA the costs of OS 780, fixed at S$30,000, and disbursements at
such quantum to be agreed, failing which parties shall be at liberty to apply.
I also ordered the first and second defendants to jointly and severally pay
JTA the costs of HC/RA 18/2022, which had been fixed at S$9,000 pursuant to
HC/ORC 937/2022.

58 Upon JTA’s undertaking to take out a formal application for a post-judgment
Mareva injunction within 7 days, the orders in ORC 4388 and 4389 were to
remain in force until further order for full payment of the judgment sum,
interests and costs.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Chan Leng Sun SC and Colin Liew (instructed), Ang Hsueh Ling Celeste, Danitza
Hon Cai Xia, Yiu Kai Tai and Yap Yong Li (Wong & Leow LLC) for the plaintiff;

Teh Kee Wee Lawrence, Pan Xingzheng Edric, Chia Huai Yuan, Melvin See Hsien
Huei, Alexander Kamsany Lee, V Santhosh, Clarence Cheang Wei Ming and Philip
Teh Ahn Ren (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the first and second
defendants;

The third to sixth defendants absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Jun 2023 (10:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

