Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 174

Originating Application No 122 of 2023

Between

| Kottakki Srinivas Patnaik  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Attorney-General  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Administrative Law — Remedies — Prohibition order]

[Administrative Law — Remedies — Quashing order]

[Administrative Law — Remedies — Declaration]

[Constitutional Law — Equal protection of the law]

[Constitutional Law — Attorney-General — Prosecutorial discretion]

[Constitutional Law — Judicial review]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kottakki Srinivas Patnaik

  
v

  

Attorney-General

[2023] SGHC 174

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 122 of 2023  
Kwek Mean Luck J  
22 May 2023

21 June 2023

Kwek Mean Luck J:

Introduction

1 The Applicant, Kottakki Srinivas Patnaik, faces criminal proceedings for
charges set out in SC-906994-2022 (“Criminal Proceedings”). In Originating
Application No 122 of 2023 (“OA 122”), the Applicant applied for: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Originating Application No 122 of 2023 filed on 10 February 2023 at para 2.

(a) permission to apply for a prohibiting order to prohibit the Attorney-
General (“AG”) from proceeding with the charges against the Applicant (“Prayer
(a)”);

(b) permission to apply for a quashing order to prohibit the AG from
proceeding with the charges against the Applicant (“Prayer (b)”); and

(c) a declaration that the charges against the Applicant were in breach of Art
35(8) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (2020 Rev Ed) (the
“Constitution”) (“Prayer (c)”).

2 After careful consideration of the parties’ submissions, I dismissed OA 122
and provided my oral grounds of decision. The Applicant has appealed against
the dismissal. I set out my full grounds of decision below.

Facts

Background to the dispute

3 The Applicant was a director and beneficial owner of Neptune Ship Management
Pte Ltd (“Neptune”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Muhd Nur Hidayat Bin Amir dated 28 March 2023 (“DPP’s Affidavit”)
at para 6.

Incorporated in Singapore, Neptune provided ship management and handling
services. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Kottakki Srinivas Patnaik dated 10 February 2023 (“Applicant’s
Affidavit”) at para 6; DPP’s Affidavit at para 6.

4 The Criminal Proceedings against the Applicant relate to his involvement as
a bribe-giver in a private sector corruption scheme between 2011 and 2016 (the
“Corruption Scheme”). The charges stated in SC-906994-2022 (the “Charges”)
include: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

DPP’s Affidavit at pp 12–17.

(a) five counts of corruptly giving gratification to one Harish Singhal
(“Harish”) under s 6(b) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev
Ed) (“PCA”), read with s 124(4) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev
Ed) (“CPC”); and

(b) one count of conspiring with Harish and three other individuals known to
Harish, namely “Gaurav Gupta”, “Dhiman Chodhaury” and “Sudhir Kumar Jain”
(collectively, “Harish's Three Other Associates”) to disguise the proceeds of
Harish 's criminal conduct under s 47(l)(a) of the Corruption, Drug
Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act 1992 (Cap
65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”), punishable under s 47(6)(a) of the CDSA read with
s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”) and s 124(4) of the CPC.

5 The Applicant and the AG disputed the facts upon which the Charges are
founded.

The AG’s position on the facts

6 The AG’s factual position was as follows. The Applicant caused Neptune to
enter several ship handling and management services contracts (the
“Contracts”) with MODEC Offshore Production Systems (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“MOPS”), an oil and gas company incorporated in Singapore. At the material
time, Harish was a Construction Manager at MOPS. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DPP’s Affidavit at paras 6–7.

7 Investigations by the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”)
revealed that the Applicant had agreed to give kickbacks to Harish, in
exchange for Harish securing MOPS’s award of the Contracts to Neptune at an
inflated price. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DPP’s Affidavit at para 7.

8 The kickbacks were paid by the Applicant, through Neptune, to Harish. Harish
received these moneys through companies controlled by him; his colleague at
MOPS, namely one Gopinath Kuppusamy (“Gopinath”); and/or Harish’s Three Other
Associates. These companies are identified in the Charges as:

(a) Staghorn Marine Services, incorporated in Dubai (“Staghorn Marine Dubai”);

(b) Staghorn Marine Services Pvt Ltd, incorporated in India; and

(c) Staghorn Marine Services Pte Ltd, incorporated in Singapore (“Staghorn
Singapore”).

Fictitious invoices were also issued to Neptune to disguise some of the
bribes. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DPP’s Affidavit at para 7.

9 From 2011 to 2016, the total amount of gratification given by the Applicant
(in his capacity as a director of Neptune) to Harish was more than US$1m. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DPP’s Affidavit at para 7.

10 The Public Prosecutor (“PP”) also brought charges against Harish and
Gopinath for their roles in the Corruption Scheme. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DPP’s Affidavit at paras 10(a)(i), 10(a)(iii), 10(b)(i) and pp 19–23, 28,
30–32.

Additional charges have also been brought against Harish and Gopinath for
their roles in a separate cheating scheme (the “Additional Charges”). This
cheating scheme involved a conspiracy to conceal Harish’s interest in Staghorn
Singapore from MOPS, in order to induce MOPS to make payments to Staghorn
Singapore. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DPP’s Affidavit at paras 10(a)(ii), 10(b)(ii) and pp 24–27, 33.

The Additional Charges do not involve the Applicant or Neptune. However, they
do mention one Kuppusamy Parthiban (“Parthiban”), who was a nominee director
and shareholder of Staghorn Singapore at the material time in relation to the
Charges. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

DPP’s Affidavit at para 12.

11 As of the hearing of this case, no charges had been brought against
Parthiban and Harish's Three Other Associates. The latter are based overseas
and have been uncooperative with the CPIB.

The Applicant’s position on the facts

12 The Applicant denied that he had given kickbacks to Harish. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Applicant’s Affidavit at para 8.

He insisted that Harish had not received any moneys from himself or Neptune.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Applicant’s Affidavit at para 7.

The parties’ case

13 Pursuant to O 24 r 5(3)(a) of the Rules of Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”), the
Applicant filed a statement setting out, among other things, the relief he
sought and the grounds on which it was sought (the “Applicant’s Statement”).
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Applicant’s Statement dated 10 February 2023 (“Applicant’s Statement”).

In the Applicant’s Statement, he stated that the Charges brought against him
were in breach of Arts 12(1) and 12(2) of the Constitution. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Applicant’s Statement at paras 27 and 28.

Additionally, the Charges were unlawful and irrational as the PP had “singled
out [the Applicant] based on assumptions, without taking the evidence and
having an assumptive causation.” 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Applicant’s Statement at para 26.

The PP had hence acted unlawfully and/or irrationally and, consequently, was
in breach of Art 35(8) of the Constitution. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Applicant’s Statement at para 29.

14 In the Applicant’s Written Submissions, the Applicant also submitted that
Art 12(1) of the Constitution had also been breached by the PP’s selective
investigation – ie, that other parties who were involved in the Corruption
Scheme which founded the Charges had not been investigated. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions dated 15 May 2023 (“Applicant’s Written
Submissions”) at paras 3–6.

15 The AG submitted that the burden was on the Applicant to prove a prima
facie case of reasonable suspicion, in line with the presumption of
constitutionality afforded to executive actions: Ramalingam Ravinthran v
Attorney-General [2012] 2 SLR 49 (“Ramalingam”) at [44]–[47]; Muhammad Ridzuan
bin Mohd Ali v Attorney-General [2015] 5 SLR 1222 (“Ridzuan”) at [36]. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 15 May 2023 at para 14.

As the Applicant was unable to establish a prima facie case that there was an
abuse of power or a breach of Arts 12(1), 12(2), and/or 35(8), OA 122 should
be dismissed. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at para 4.

Issues to be determined

16 The Applicant’s Prayers (a) and (b) for permission to apply for a
prohibiting order and quashing order pursuant to O 24 r 5(1)(b) of the ROC
2021 were, in effect, applications for permission to commence judicial review.
As such, the requirements that must be satisfied for the court to grant such
permission guide the issues to be determined in OA 122.

17 These requirements were set out by the Court of Appeal in Gobi a/l Avedian
and another v Attorney-General and another appeal [2020] 2 SLR 883 (“Gobi”) at
[44] (referencing Lee Pheng Lip Ian v Chen Fun Gee and others [2020] 1 SLR 586
at [24] and Wong Souk Yee v Attorney-General [2019] 1 SLR 1223 at [85]) (the
“Requirements”):

(a) the subject matter of the complaint has to be susceptible to judicial
review;

(b) the applicant has to have a sufficient interest in the matter; and

(c) the materials before the court have to disclose an arguable or prima facie
case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the remedies sought by the
applicant.

18 In the present case, the first two Requirements were not in dispute. Based
on the Applicant’s Statement, the key issue which arose in relation to Prayers
(a) and (b) pertained to the third Requirement – ie, whether the materials
before me disclosed an arguable or prima facie case of reasonable suspicion
that the exercise of prosecutorial discretion to bring the Charges against the
Applicant was:

(a) a breach of Arts 12(1) and 12(2) of the Constitution; and

(b) unlawful and/or irrational as it was not based on any conclusive proof.

19 In relation to (a), although the Applicant stated that there was a breach
of both Arts 12(1) and 12(2) of the Constitution in the Applicant’s Statement,
no written or oral submissions on the breach of Art 12(2) were presented by
the Applicant. There was hence no submission for the AG to respond to in
relation to a breach of Art 12(2) and no submissions were made by the AG. As
the Applicant did not take up this issue, it was not necessary to consider
whether there was a prima facie case of a breach of Art 12(2) of the
Constitution.

20 In considering this third Requirement, it is useful to bear in mind, that
as the Court of Appeal in Ridzuan held at [36], the burden is on the “person
who challenges an executive decision based on an alleged breach of one or more
of the fundamental liberties enshrined in the Constitution or based on other
grounds of review established in administrative law”. While the threshold of
proof for an application for leave to commence judicial review is “a very low
one of a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion … this does not mean that
the evidence and arguments placed before the court can be either skimpy or
vague and bare assertions will not suffice”: Gobi at [54], referencing [44]
therein.

21 Prayer (c) was an application for a declaration that the bringing of the
Charges against the Applicant amounted to a breach of Art 35(8) of the
Constitution. Order 24 rule 5(1) of the ROC 2021 provides that:

5.—(1) An application for a Mandatory Order, Prohibiting Order or Quashing
Order —

(a) may include an application for a declaration which is ancillary to or
consequential upon the Order; but

(b) must not be made, unless permission to make the application for the Order
has been granted.

In other words, the success of Prayer (c) was consequential upon the success
of Prayers (a) and/or (b). This was emphasised in Xu Yuan Chen v Attorney-
General [2022] 2 SLR 1131 (“Xu Yuan Chen”), where the court held at [21] that
the appellant there “[could not] be granted the [d]eclaration under O 53 of
the ROC 2021 unless he first succeeds in obtaining leave to apply for the
[p]rohibiting [o]rders”.

22 In summary, the issues to be determined were:

(a) whether the materials before me disclosed an arguable or prima facie case
of reasonable suspicion that the exercise of prosecutorial discretion to bring
the Charges against the Applicant was:

(i) a breach of Art 12(1) of the Constitution;

(ii) unlawful and/or irrational as the Charges were not based on any
conclusive evidence; and

(b) if so, whether there was a breach of Art 35(8) of the Constitution.

Issue 1: Whether there was a prima facie case that Art 12(1) had been breached

23 As a preliminary matter, the AG highlighted that pursuant to O 24 r 5(4) of
the ROC 2021, the Applicant is bound by the grounds and relief set out in his
statement and may not rely on any ground not set out in the statement unless
the Court otherwise allows. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 15 May 2023 (“Defendant’s Written
Submissions”) at para 14.

In this case, the Applicant had in his Written Submissions, relied on
additional grounds that were not set out in the Applicant’s Statement – ie, in
relation to selective investigations constituting a breach of Art 12 (see [14]
above). Consequently, the AG did not have the opportunity to respond to these
grounds in his affidavit. Notwithstanding, the AG responded to these grounds
in his written submissions and during the hearing. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 9 and 26; Notes of Evidence for the
Hearing on 22 May 2023 (“Notes of Evidence”) at p 2, line 27 to p 4, line 10.

I will hence proceed to consider them.

The applicable law

24 Article 12(1) of the Constitution states that, “[a]ll persons are equal
before the law and entitled to the equal protection of the law.”

25 The Court of Appeal has provided extensive guidance on the consideration of
applications for leave to commence judicial review for breach of Art 12(1). In
Xu Yuan Chen, the Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal and upheld the High
Court’s dismissal of the appellant’s application for leave to commence
judicial review on the basis that the appellant had not shown a prima facie
breach of Art 12(1). In dismissing the appeal, the Court of Appeal held at
[1], citing Attorney-General v Datchinamurthy a/l Kataiah [2022] SGCA 46
(“Datchinamurthy”) at [29], that “the concept of equality under Art 12(1) does
not mean that all persons are to be treated equally, but simply that all
persons in like situations will be treated alike” [emphasis in original].

26 Additionally, the Court of Appeal in Datchinamurthy reiterated at [29] the
two-step test that has been developed in our local jurisprudence to determine
whether executive action breaches Art 12(1) (referencing Syed Suhail bin Syed
Zin v Attorney-General [2021] 1 SLR 809 at [61]–[62]):

(a) the applicant must first discharge his evidential burden of showing that
he has been treated differently from other equally situated persons;

(b) the evidential burden then shifts to the decision-maker in question to
show that the differential treatment was reasonable, in that it was based on
legitimate reasons which made the differential treatment proper.

27 In ascertaining whether persons are “equally situated”, the Court of Appeal
further held at [30] that:

… the court [will] have regard to the nature of the executive action in
question (see Syed Suhail (CA) at [63] and Tan Seng Kee at [327]) and consider
whether, in that context, the persons being compared are so situated that it
is reasonable to consider that they should be similarly treated. … the test is
a factual one of whether a prudent person would objectively think the persons
concerned are roughly equivalent or similarly situated in all material
respects … Here, the notion of being equally situated is ‘an analytical tool
used to isolate the purported rationale for differential treatment, so that
its legitimacy may then be assessed properly’…

28 Further guidance on the application of this test, in the context of
applications for leave to commence judicial review on the ground of breach of
Art 12(1) in criminal proceedings, is found in the Court of Appeal decisions
in Ridzuan and Syed Suhail.

29 In Ridzuan, two people were convicted of the same charges for trafficking
in drugs; however, only one was granted a certificate of substantive
assistance. The appellant sought leave to commence judicial review proceedings
against the Prosecution’s decision not to grant him the same certificate,
claiming that his Art 12 rights had consequently been breached. The Court of
Appeal held at [51] that the applicant could satisfy his evidential burden by
showing: (a) that his level of involvement in the offence and the consequent
knowledge he had acquired of the drug syndicate he was dealing with was
“practically identical to” that of the co-offender, and (b) that he and his
co-offender had provided “practically the same information” to the Central
Narcotics Bureau – yet only the co-offender was given the certificate. This
would constitute a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion of breach. Only
then would the evidential burden shift to the Prosecution to justify its
decision.

30 In Syed Suhail, the appellant filed an application for leave to commence
judicial review to obtain a prohibiting order against the Singapore Prison
Service to stay his execution. He alleged that he had been scheduled for
execution ahead of other prisoners who had been sentenced to death before him
and that this breached Art 12. The Court of Appeal considered that prisoners
may prima facie be regarded as being equally situated once they have been
denied clemency (at [64]). The Court also accepted as a rational baseline the
State’s position as to what equal treatment entailed – namely, that all else
being equal, prisoners whose executions arose for scheduling should be
executed in the order in which they were sentenced to death (at [72]). Another
prisoner, Datchinamurthy, had been scheduled for execution later than the
appellant, despite having been sentenced to death before the appellant (at
[75]). It appeared that no differentiating factors were available to justify
the differential treatment of the appellant and Datchinamurthy (at [76]). The
Court found that the appellant had made out a prima facie case of reasonable
suspicion, and granted leave to commence judicial review proceedings (at
[77]).

The parties’ submissions

31 The Applicant submitted that the Prosecution’s bringing of the Charges
against him constituted a breach of Art 12(1) as other parties that were
involved in the Corruption Scheme upon which the Charges were founded were not
investigated (ie, selective investigation).

32 The Applicant claimed that there were no payments from his bank accounts or
from Neptune to Harish. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 27.

As such, payments to Harish could only have been made by Staghorn Singapore.
Harish’s interest in Staghorn Singapore was concealed to induce MOPS to make
payments to Staghorn Singapore. This formed the basis of the Additional
Charges against Harish and Gopinath. Yet, Parthiban, who was named in the
Additional Charges (see [10] above), had not been investigated by the
Prosecution. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 3.

Additionally, the Applicant submitted that there had been no investigation
into, among other things, the relationship between Staghorn Singapore and
MOPS, why Staghorn Singapore was able to influence MOPS to award contracts to
Neptune, and the relationship between persons who represented MOPS in its
entry into contracts with Neptune and Staghorn Singapore. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras, 4, 12, and 14.

Further, the Applicant highlighted that Harish’s Three Other Associates had
not been investigated or prosecuted at the time of the hearing. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 18 and 25.

33 In response, the AG submitted that the Applicant’s submission that there
had been a breach of Art 12(1) was a non-starter. The Applicant was the only
bribe-giver in the Corruption Scheme. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at para 26.

In addition, Harish and Gopinath (who, amongst other things, conspired to
accept the bribes), were charged according to the evidence and the applicable
offences that could be made out on the evidence. The controlling minds in the
Corruption Scheme which grounded the Charges had been charged. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Notes of Evidence at p 3.

Further, the Applicant had not identified any possible equally situated person
who had been treated differently or more favourably by the PP. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at para 26.

34 In relation to Harish's Three Other Associates, the AG’s evidence was that
they were based overseas and were uncooperative with the CPIB. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DPP’s Affidavit at para 12.

In investigating and deciding whether to prosecute Harish’s Three Other
Associates, the Prosecution considered the difficulties in investigation,
prosecution, and enforcement against them. As for Parthiban, the AG submitted
that the Prosecution would be taking into account the evidence of Parthiban’s
level of involvement and knowledge in the corruption dealings and other
relevant factors and would assess what action to take after the criminal
proceedings against the Applicant, Harish, and Gopinath are concluded. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DPP’s Affidavit at para 12.

Decision

35 During the hearing, counsel for the Applicant was invited to respond to the
guidance provided in Xu Yuan Chen, Datchinamurthy, Ridzuan, and Syed Suhail
(the “Four CA Decisions”). Counsel responded that if two people could be
charged for the same offences arising out of the same facts, they would be
equally situated. When counsel for the Applicant was further asked if he had a
specific response to the Four CA Decisions, he replied that this was an axiom
that he had come up with as to what would be equally situated. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Notes of Evidence at p 2.

36 This axiom did not accurately reflect nor engage the holdings in the Four
CA Decisions. Even if I assumed that the axiom was correct, it also did not
assist the Applicant. The Prosecution’s position was that the Applicant was
the sole bribe-giver, and the other parties in the scheme were intermediaries
or recipients of the bribe. The PCA charges against the Applicant were
consequently in relation to s 6(b) of the PCA for giving gratification. On the
other hand, the PCA charges against Harish and Gopinath are in relation to s
6(a) of the PCA for receiving gratification. The Applicant did not present any
materials which showed a prima facie case, beyond a bare assertion, that he
was not the sole bribe-giver, and that there are others who should be
similarly charged because they are equally situated.

37 In any event, and more fundamentally, as stated above, the axiom
characterised by counsel for the Applicant did not accurately reflect the law
and guidance set out by the Court of Appeal in the Four CA Decisions. Nor did
it explain why a different position from what the Court of Appeal has
consistently held, should be taken.

38 As was held in Datchinamurthy at [30], the “test is a factual one of
whether a prudent person would objectively think the persons concerned are
roughly equivalent or similarly situated in all material respects”. In the
present case, the Prosecution’s position was that the Applicant was the sole
bribe-giver in the alleged Corruption Scheme and there was no other person who
had agreed to pay and/or paid the kickbacks. The Prosecution had also brought
charges against Harish and Gopinath; however, this was for their roles in,
amongst other things, conspiring to accept the bribes from the Applicant.

39 In Ridzuan, the Court of Appeal at [51] went beyond the similarity of
charges to examine whether one offender’s level of involvement in the offence
and the consequent knowledge he acquired of the drug syndicate he was dealing
with, was “practically identical” to a co-offender’s level of involvement.
Here, the Applicant had not shown that there was someone else who was in a
“like situation” as him, whose involvement was “practically identical” as him,
in the vein of the analysis in Ridzuan, and was not charged despite also being
a bribe-giver. Applying the test as set out in Datchinamurthy, I found that a
prudent person would be of the view that there were no other persons in this
case who were similarly situated to the Applicant.

40 At the hearing, the Applicant emphasised that the lack of investigation
into and prosecution of Staghorn Singapore and/or Parthiban constituted a
breach of Art 12(1). However, neither were in a like situation as the
Applicant. They were intermediary parties between Neptune and Harish in the
alleged scheme and not bribe-givers like the Applicant. Additionally, Neptune
was the party that was awarded the contracts by MOPS at the inflated prices.
The Applicant did not show how Parthiban or Staghorn Singapore was related to
or involved with Neptune, in the way the Applicant was.

41 Harish’s Three Other Associates were also not in a like situation as the
Applicant. They were intermediaries with control of the companies to which the
kickbacks were paid before reaching Harish. As such, they could not be said to
have been in a “like situation” as the Applicant nor was their involvement
“practically identical”. Relatedly, the Court of Appeal in Xu Yuan Chen at
[39] has recognised the Prosecution’s consideration of the difficulty in
investigation, prosecution, and enforcement as a potential differentiating
factor between two accused persons’ situations.

42 The Applicant briefly mentioned that a contract manager at MOPS who awarded
the contracts was not investigated. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 17.

However, the Applicant did not provide any evidence of the contract manager’s
role or explain how he was involved in the Scheme. In any event, on its face,
being a staff of MOPS, the contract manager would have been involved, if at
all, as a recipient of the bribe(s), not as a bribe-giver. He would hence also
not be in a like situation as the Applicant.

43 The Applicant also mentioned that one Sudeep Shome (“Shome”), who was one
of the signatories from Neptune, had not been investigated. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 3.

However, the Applicant did not explain how Shome was involved in the
Corruption Scheme. The Applicant had adduced a series of documents including
work order forms from MOPS, a statement of final account from MOPS, and a
Marine Services Agreement between Neptune and Staghorn Singapore. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Applicant’s Affidavit at pp 6–49.

However, these documents contained the Applicant’s position (ie, Managing
Director) and what appeared to be the Applicant’s signature, as opposed to
Shome’s. In other words, there was no evidence adduced of Shome’s involvement
in the Corruption Scheme. Further, the Applicant did not make any oral
submissions at the hearing that might explain how Shome was in a like
situation as the Applicant such that the failure to investigate or prosecute
Shome would constitute a breach of Art 12(1).

44 It is worth reiterating that the Court of Appeal has held in Ramalingam at
[53] that it is not necessarily in the public interest that every offender
must be prosecuted:

… Offences are committed by all kinds of people in all kinds of circumstances.
It is not the policy of the law under our legal system that all offenders must
be prosecuted, regardless of the circumstances in which they have committed
offences. Furthermore, not all offences are provable in a court of law. It is
not necessarily in the public interest that every offender must be prosecuted,
or that an offender must be prosecuted for the most serious possible offence
available in the statute book. … The Attorney-General’s final decision will be
constrained by what the public interest requires.

45 The case of Quek Hock Lye v Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 1012 provided
another useful reference point. This case was summarised in Xu Yuan Chen at
[29]:

In Quek Hock Lye at [24], [the Court of Appeal] held that even divergent
consequences faced by accused persons in the same criminal enterprise, flowing
from their respective charges, were ‘not per se sufficient to found a
successful Art 12(1) challenge’, as the question was whether the Prosecution’s
charging decision was made for ‘legitimate reasons’. The court held that the
appellant had not discharged his burden of establishing a prima facie case of
breach of Art 12(1), and observed that in any event, the appellant was ‘the
main culprit’ behind the criminal enterprise and his co-conspirator’s
willingness to testify was ‘a relevant consideration which could have operated
on the mind of the Public Prosecutor in preferring separate charges’ against
them (Quek Hock Lye at [25]).

46 In this case, while various parties were involved in the same criminal
enterprise, the Applicant was the sole bribe-giver in the alleged scheme. This
was a relevant consideration for the Prosecution in deciding to proceed
against the Applicant or against him first, and not some of the others in the
scheme.

47 Although the threshold for leave to commence judicial review is a very low
one, of a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion, the Applicant had not
shown that there was someone who was in a “like situation” who was treated
more favourably by the Prosecution. Consequently, I found that the Applicant
had not shown that there was a prima face case of reasonable suspicion that
the exercise of prosecutorial discretion against him was in breach of Art
12(1).

Issue 2: Whether there was a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion that the
Charges were unlawful and/or irrational because they have not been proved
beyond reasonable doubt

48 The other plank of the Applicant’s case was that there was a prima facie
case of reasonable suspicion that the Charges were unlawful and/or irrational.
The Applicant claims that the exercise of prosecutorial discretion against him
was biased and unfair as the Charges were not based on any conclusive proof
and that the Prosecution had not proven the charges against him beyond
reasonable doubt.

49 The Applicant stated that the charges framed against him are factually
incorrect. In particular, the Applicant claimed that there was no evidence
that he had given bribes to Harish – he was not the bribe-giver – and
maintained that Harish had not received any moneys from him or Neptune. The
Applicant submitted that there was no objective evidence or documentary proof
of the alleged Corruption Scheme and kickbacks to Harish. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 7–8 and 10.

In support of his claims, the Applicant highlighted that there were no work
reports listing Harish as a recipient. The AG was put to strict proof of
payments from him to Harish. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Applicant’s Statement at para 20.

The Applicant posited that he was a whistle-blower who exposed the corruption
within MOPS, and the Prosecution in bringing the Charges against him was
penalising him for being a whistle-blower. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Applicant’s Affidavit at paras 7 and 12.

50 The Applicant also submitted that evidence of the Charges must be proven
beyond a reasonable doubt before the Charges could be brought against him.
This standard was not met. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at paras 20.

In particular, the Applicant submitted that Harish’ Three Other Associates
being uncooperative with the CPIB’s investigations implied that there was no
proof of conspiracy, as set out in the Charges. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 26.

Hence, the exercise of prosecutorial discretion was biased and unfair as the
Charges were not based on any conclusive proof.

51 In response, the AG submitted that there was no obligation on the
Prosecution to adduce all the evidence to prove the underlying Charges in this
application. This was particularly so as the Applicant had not adduced any
evidence to displace the presumption of constitutionality or discharge his
burden of proof of showing a prima facie case of reasonable suspicion of abuse
of process or breach of constitutional rights. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at para 19.

52 Further, the AG submitted that the Applicant had not identified how the
Prosecution was acting in abuse of power. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at para 20.

Even if the Applicant was a whistle-blower, it would be lawful and proper for
the Applicant to be tried on the Charges and found guilty if the Charges were
proven. At most, any assistance that the Applicant may give as a whistle-
blower could perhaps be relevant to sentencing, but that was separate from the
decision to prosecute the Applicant. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at para 20(a).

53 The AG further submitted that the Prosecution had not acted improperly. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at para 20(b).

The Prosecution had explained that all decisions were taken based on the
evidence and considerations of public interest. There was nothing improper in
the Prosecution proceeding with the Charges against the Applicant even though
the Prosecution was unable to and/or had at this stage decided not to also
proceed with charges against other persons involved in or related to the
Corruption Scheme, such as, Harish’s Three Other Associates and/or Parthiban.
This did not constitute any abuse of power.

54 Additionally, although the DPP’s affidavit stated that Harish’s Three Other
Associates had been “uncooperative with the CPIB”, that did not mean that the
Prosecution would clearly be unable to discharge its burden of proof at trial.
It was open for the Prosecution to rely on other evidence to prove the
Charges. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at para 20(b).

Decision

55 It is trite law that the Prosecution is not obliged to prove the Charges
beyond reasonable doubt at this stage of the Criminal Proceedings.
Importantly, the forum where the discharge of the Prosecution’s burden of
proof is to take place, is at the criminal trial. If the Applicant wishes to
challenge the evidence against him, he will have the right and opportunity to
do so in the criminal proceedings.

56 Additionally, as held by the Court of Appeal in Ramalingam at [74], the AG
is not under any general obligation to disclose his reasons for making a
particular prosecutorial decision. More fundamentally, the court should
presume that the AG’s prosecutorial decisions are constitutional or lawful
until they are shown to be otherwise: Ramalingam at [44]. The Applicant had
not shown otherwise here.

57 For completeness, the Applicant had not identified an improper purpose that
the Prosecution was acting on by bringing the Charges. Additionally, even if
the Applicant was a whistle-blower, that fact may go towards sentencing, but
it did not preclude the Prosecution from proceeding with the Charges.

Issue 3: Whether the bringing of the Charges constituted a breach of Art 35(8)
of the Constitution

58 The Applicant submitted that, as the bringing of the Charges constituted a
breach of his rights under Art 12(1) and were irrational and/or unlawful, the
AG breached Art 35(8) of the Constitution and thus the applicant sought a
declaration of such. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions at para 4; Applicant’s Affidavit at para 13;
Applicant’s Statement at para 29.

59 Article 35(8) of the Constitution states that “[t]he Attorney-General shall
have power, exercisable at his discretion, to institute, conduct or
discontinue any proceedings for any offence.”

60 In response, the AG submitted that the Applicant’s submission was entirely
premised on a breach of Art 12(1) and/or the alleged insufficiency of the
evidence in respect of the Charges. As Art 12(1) had not been breached, and
the sufficiency of evidence underpinning a prosecutorial decision was not a
matter for judicial review in the absence of any abuse of power or breach of
constitutional rights, it was clear that the Applicant also had no case on the
basis of Art 35(8).

61 Indeed, the Applicant’s case that Art 35(8) was breached was predicated on
a breach of Art 12(1) and/or the Charges being brought against him despite
lack of proof beyond reasonable doubt. Given my findings above in relation to
Issues 1 and 2, I found that there was no basis to the Applicant’s case that
there was a breach of Art 35(8). Moreover, in the same vein as held in Xu Yuan
Chen at [21], since permission had not been granted here for the Applicant to
apply for the prohibiting and quashing orders, the Applicant’s prayer for the
declaration also fell away, per O 24 r 5(1)(b) of the ROC 2021.

Conclusion

62 For the reasons above, I dismissed OA 122. The daily tariff for judicial
review applications under Appendix G are in the range of $14,000–$35,000. The
AG asked for costs at $6,000 all-in, inclusive of disbursements of more than
$800, while the Applicant submitted for $5,000 all-in. Taking into account
that the work done includes the filing of an affidavit, and both written and
oral submissions, costs were awarded to the AG in the sum of $5,500 all-in.

Kwek Mean Luck  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Lim Tean (Carson Law Chambers) for the applicant;

Gan Yingtian Andrea and Zhicong Lee (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 21 Jun 2023 (16:50 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

