Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 218

District Court Appeal No 1 of 2023

Between

Tan Meow Hiang t/a Chip Huat  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Ong Kay Yong t/a Wee Wee Laundry Service  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of District Court Suit No 3616 of 2016

Between

Tan Meow Hiang t/a Chip Huat  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Ong Kay Yong t/a Wee Wee Laundry Service  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Courts and Jurisdiction — Jurisdiction — Appellate]

[Contract — Collateral contracts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Meow Hiang (trading as Chip Huat)

  

v

  

Ong Kay Yong (trading as Wee Wee Laundry Service)

[2023] SGHC 218

General Division of the High Court — District Court Appeal No 1 of 2023  
Goh Yihan JC  
18 July 2023

11 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 The plaintiff is the mother-in-law of the defendant. The plaintiff has two
children: a daughter, who is married to the defendant, as well as a son. In
DC/DC 3616/2016, the plaintiff brought a claim for: (a) $140,000, being the
sum that the defendant had agreed to pay to the plaintiff; or alternatively
(b) the ownership of Wee Wee Laundry Service (“WWLS”) to be transferred to
her. The defendant brought a counterclaim for: (a) $127,500, being the fees
payable pursuant to an alleged consultancy agreement between the parties (“the
Consultancy Agreement”); and (b) $72,200, being the cost of deploying
additional labour to carry out the plaintiff’s duties during the period
between January 2013 and May 2015, or any such sum to be assessed.

2 In Tan Meow Hiang t/a Chip Huat v Ong Kay Yong [2023] SGDC 29 (“GD”), the
learned district judge (“DJ”) allowed the plaintiff’s claim for the ownership
of WWLS to be transferred to her, and the defendant’s counterclaim for $72,200
(and interest payable at 5.33% per annum). For the plaintiff’s claim, the DJ
found that the plaintiff had paid $90,000 to the defendant by way of an
agreement to purchase WWLS and therefore ordered the defendant to transfer
WWLS to the plaintiff. However, the DJ dismissed the plaintiff’s alternative
claim for $140,000 because the DJ found that the plaintiff had failed to prove
the existence of an agreement for the defendant to buy back WWLS. For the
defendant’s counterclaim, the DJ found that the plaintiff owed the defendant
$72,200 for the cost of deploying additional labour. However, the DJ dismissed
the defendant’s counterclaim for $127,500 because the DJ found that the
plaintiff had paid $90,000 for the sale of WWLS and there was no Consultancy
Agreement between the parties. The plaintiff appealed against the DJ’s
decision to award $72,200 to the defendant, as well as the DJ’s order that
each party shall bear their own costs.

3 Having heard the parties and considered their respective submissions in the
present appeal, I allow the appeal for the reasons I set out below.

The proceedings below

4 I turn first to parties’ respective cases below.

5 According to the plaintiff, on 5 March 2013, she paid the defendant $90,000
to purchase WWLS from the latter. Despite the payment, the defendant failed to
transfer the legal ownership of WWLS to her. The plaintiff claimed that, later
in May 2015, the defendant and his wife, Ms Vanessa Ang (“VA”) (who is the
plaintiff’s daughter), approached the plaintiff with a proposal for WWLS to be
sold back to the defendant for $140,000. While the plaintiff agreed to this
proposal, the defendant eventually reneged on the agreement. As such, the
plaintiff claimed the sum of $140,000 or, in the alternative, for WWLS to be
legally transferred to her.

6 In response, the defendant did not dispute that the plaintiff had paid him
$90,000 through a company that he was the majority shareholder of. However, by
his version of events, the plaintiff had approached the defendant and VA in
March 2013 with a proposal for the plaintiff to use WWLS to educate herself
and her son on how to run a laundry business for one year. It was under these
circumstances that the plaintiff paid the defendant the sum of $90,000, which
was actually consultancy fees for the one-year period. Therefore, the
defendant’s defence against the plaintiff’s claim for $90,000 was that the
$90,000 was meant to be paid as consultancy fees due to him under the alleged
Consultancy Agreement, and not for the purchase of WWLS.

7 In respect of his counterclaim, the defendant further claimed that, pursuant
to the alleged Consultancy Agreement between the parties, an extension of the
consultancy period would entail the plaintiff paying additional consultancy
fees. According to the defendant, the plaintiff did not return control of the
business after one year. Instead, the plaintiff continued to run WWLS,
including operating its bank account. As such, the defendant counterclaimed
for: (a) further consultancy fees for the period between January 2014 and May
2015 at the rate of $90,000 per year, which amounted to $127,500; and (b) the
cost of deploying additional labour to carry out the plaintiff’s duties during
the period between January 2013 and May 2015, which amounted to $72,200.

8 Since the plaintiff’s appeal before me is mainly in relation to the
defendant’s counterclaim of $72,200, it is useful to examine how the defendant
pleaded this counterclaim. In the Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2),
the defendant pleaded the following facts that gave rise to the claim for the
$72,200:

32\. For the entire period of the consultancy, the Defendant employed a driver
to make house calls for delivery and collection of items whilst Vanessa
assisted with the administrative and logistical duties including answering
telephone calls, all of which the Plaintiff and Felix had agreed to be
responsible for but neglected, refused and/or otherwise failed to carry out.

33\. For the period between January 2013 and December 2014 (both months
inclusive), the Plaintiff failed to pay the Defendant the salaries for the
driver employed by the Defendant. For the period January 2015 to May 2015
(both months inclusive), the salary of the driver was deducted from the cash
collections before the cash was handed over to the Plaintiff.

34\. The Plaintiff failed to pay the salary for Vanessa for the entire period
from January 2013 to May 2015 (both months inclusive).

35\. The Defendant now counterclaims against the Plaintiff the sum of
S$72,200.00 being the cost of employing the said driver for the 24 months from
January 2013 to December 2014 (both months inclusive) as well as salary
payable to Vanessa for time spent on the Wee Wee Laundry Service business for
the 29 months from January 2013 to May 2015, particulars of which are below:-
…

9 I add for completeness that the defendant’s pleaded terms of the Consultancy
Agreement state nothing about who is to be responsible for the additional
labour costs, ie, the sum of $72,200. However, as I will set out below, the
defendant in the present appeal says that the claim for $72,200 is separate
from the Consultancy Agreement.

The DJ’s decision

10 In the GD, the DJ identified three issues for determination, namely: (a)
whether the plaintiff’s payment of $90,000 was for the sale of WWLS, or fees
for a one-year consultancy on how to run a laundry business; (b) whether there
was a subsequent agreement for the defendant to buy back WWLS from the
plaintiff at $140,000; and (c) whether the plaintiff was liable for payment of
the salaries of the WWLS staff, namely, the drivers and VA.

11 The DJ’s conclusions on these issues were as such. First, the DJ found that
the plaintiff’s payment of $90,000 was for the purchase of WWLS and not for
consultancy services as the defendant had alleged. Among other findings, the
DJ found that the plaintiff’s conduct after handing over the sum of $90,000
was consistent with her being the de facto owner of the business. Indeed, the
plaintiff had full control of WWLS’s finances, which the defendant had ceded
to the plaintiff. Moreover, the DJ observed that WWLS’s business was
relatively simple, and it was thus not believable that the plaintiff would
want to use it to learn how to run a laundry business. As such, the DJ found
that the alleged Consultancy Agreement did not exist and accordingly dismissed
the defendant’s counterclaim for the further consultancy fees of $127,500.

12 Second, the DJ found that the plaintiff had not shown that there was an
agreement for the defendant to buy back WWLS. The DJ thought that it did not
make sense for the plaintiff to sell WWLS back to the defendant for the higher
sum of $140,000 if the plaintiff’s intention was to help her daughter, VA. As
the DJ found that there was no subsequent agreement for the defendant to buy
back WWLS from the plaintiff, the DJ ordered that the legal ownership of WWLS
be transferred to the plaintiff.

13 Third, the DJ held that the plaintiff was liable for the sum of $72,200 to
the defendant for the following reason (see the GD at [27]):

As I had found that the oral agreement was for sale of Wee Wee to the
plaintiff and the plaintiff agreed that she was the running the business [sic]
beyond December 2013, it followed that the plaintiff would be liable for
payment of salaries of the workers; namely, the drivers and Vanessa Ang. This
finding would be consistent with [8c] of the plaintiff’s AEIC in which she
stated that 45% of the business daily collection was used to pay OKY Pte Ltd
for their laundry washing services and 55% was to pay salaries of Wee Wee’s
employees and other expenses.

[reference omitted]

I pause to observe that while the DJ found that the plaintiff was liable to
pay the salaries of the drivers and VA, it is not immediately clear why the DJ
found that the plaintiff would be so liable to the defendant. While the
plaintiff did state at paragraph 8(c) of her affidavit of evidence in chief
(“AEIC”) that “[t]he remaining 55% of Wee Wee Laundry’s daily collection will
be used to pay the salaries of employees of Wee Wee Laundry and the other
expenses of Wee Wee Laundry”, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AEIC of Tan Meow Hiang dated 14 April 2022 at para 8(c).

this still does not make clear why the plaintiff is liable to the defendant in
respect of these expenses.

14 For completeness, I should mention that the DJ examined the documentary
evidence adduced by the defendant in respect of the sum of $72,200 and was
satisfied that the evidence showed that the defendant had paid the sum to the
drivers and VA. As such, the DJ found that the plaintiff “was liable to pay
the defendant for salaries for 29 months from January 2013 to May 2015
totalling $72,200” (see the GD at [29]). However, this also does not make
clear why the plaintiff would be liable to the defendant in respect of the
payment of these salaries.

The parties’ cases before me

15 The plaintiff’s appeal before me centres on the DJ’s decision to award the
defendant the sum of $72,200, being the amount paid to the drivers and VA as
salaries from January 2013 to May 2015. The plaintiff advances three reasons
in support of her case. First, since the DJ had found that the Consultancy
Agreement did not exist, the defendant’s counterclaim for $72,200, which was
founded on the said Agreement, must fail. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions dated 17 April 2023 (“AWS”) at para 11(a).

Second, the DJ had incorrectly accepted the defendant’s claim of having
employed the drivers and VA as employees of WWLS. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AWS at para 11(b).

Third, the DJ had incorrectly accepted the documentary evidence adduced by the
defendant as sufficient to prove that the defendant actually incurred the sum
of $72,200. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AWS at para 11(c).

16 In response, the defendant makes three arguments. First, the defendant
submits that this court should be slow to interfere with the decision below,
especially where the matter is particularly fact-sensitive and involves the
DJ’s exercise of discretion after considering the totality of the evidence. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Respondent’s Case dated 17 April 2023 (“RC”) at para 16.

In particular, the defendant says that, while the present appeal is not
limited by s 21(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”), in that there is no need to seek permission to appeal as the claim
amount of $72,200 is above the statutory threshold of $60,000, the
“considerations on granting permission to appeal are relevant and
instructive”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

RC at para 20.

This is especially so because the amount in question, $72,200, “narrowly meets
the statutory minimum amount”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

RC at para 20.

17 Second, the defendant argues that the plaintiff has conflated the
defendant’s claim for the consultancy fee of $127,500 with the defendant’s
claim for $72,200. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

RC at para 23.

This is because the claim for $72,200 is not dependent on the obligation to
pay consultancy fees. Instead, the defendant states in his written submissions
that “the said sum was paid out of necessity, as the Appellant had neglected
her obligations to pay for the salaries of Wee Wee’s staff”, and that “the
dismissal of the claim for further consultancy fees in the sum of $127,500 had
nothing to do with the [defendant’s] separate claim for $72,200”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

RC at para 24.

Despite this, the defendant argues that there must have been an agreement
between the parties in relation to the responsibility for the salaries of
WWLS’s staff. In this regard, the defendant points out, as the DJ did below,
that the plaintiff stated at paragraph 8(c) of her AEIC that she had made an
oral agreement that 55% of the daily takings “will be used to pay the salaries
of employees of Wee Wee”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

RC at para 27.

18 Third, the defendant argues that the DJ was correct in accepting the
documentary evidence adduced by him to prove his payment of the $72,200 to
WWLS’s staff. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

RC at paras 31–42.

My decision: the appeal is allowed

19 With the parties’ cases in mind, I allow the appeal for the following
reasons.

The level of appellate intervention in a District Court Appeal

20 As a preliminary point, I address the defendant’s argument that I should be
slow to interfere with the decision below because, among other reasons, the
amount under contention only slightly exceeds the statutory threshold of
$60,000 in s 21(1) of the SCJA, without which permission to appeal would be
needed. I disagree with this argument. It does not make sense to say that
because a claim amount is close to the statutory threshold, an appellate court
should be more circumspect in its consideration of the appeal. This is a
problematic argument because it invites the unanswerable question of how close
to the statutory threshold the disputed claim amount must be for such a
restrictive approach to kick in. Indeed, the very reason for drawing bright
lines is to preclude such arguments. I therefore reject, as a starting point,
that an appellate court should be more circumspect in its approach when the
disputed amount only slightly exceeds the statutory threshold, without which
permission to appeal is needed.

21 Be that as it may, it is clear that an appellate court should be reluctant
to overturn findings made by the trial judge as the appellate court is in a
less advantageous position compared to the trial judge who has the benefit of
hearing the evidence of the witnesses and observing their demeanour (see the
Court of Appeal decision of Lo Sook Ling Adela v Au Mei Yin Christina and
another [2002] 1 SLR(R) 326 at [37]). This is made clear in the High Court
decision of Chai Kwok Seng Anthony v CCM Group Limited [2013] SGHC 208 in the
context of a district court appeal hearing (at [38]):

38 In determining the appeal, this court is reminded that an appeal to the
High Court from the decision of the District Court is by way of rehearing: see
s 22(1) Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) and O 55, r
2(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). Indeed, it is noted
that under O 55, r 6(3) the court enjoys the “power to draw any inferences of
fact which might have been drawn in the proceedings out of which the appeal
arose.” That said, it bears repeating that the High Court judge does not have
the benefit of observing the demeanour of the witnesses who gave evidence at
the District Court and that due deference should be given to the inferences of
facts as drawn by the district judge.

[emphasis added]

22 However, the deference accorded does not mean that an appellate court
should shy away from overturning findings of fact when necessary. Where it can
be established that the trial judge’s assessment is plainly wrong or against
the weight of the evidence, the appellate court can and should overturn any
such finding. This principle is also attenuated where a particular finding of
fact is not based on the credibility of the witness, but instead, an inference
drawn from facts. This is elaborated upon in the Court of Appeal decision of
Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R)
1101 (at [41]):

Basis for review by an appellate court of a trial judge’s findings of fact

41 Given that this appeal largely involves the evaluation of the Judge’s
finding of facts below, it is apposite that we remind ourselves of an
appellate court’s role with respect to the finding of facts made in the course
of a trial. The appellate court’s power of review with respect to finding of
facts is limited because the trial judge is generally better placed to assess
the veracity and credibility of witnesses, especially where oral evidence is
concerned (Seah Ting Soon v Indonesian Tractors Co Pte Ltd [2001] 1 SLR(R) 53
at [22]). However, this rule is not immutable. Where it can be established
that the trial judge’s assessment is plainly wrong or against the weight of
the evidence, the appellate court can and should overturn any such finding
(see Alagappa Subramanian v Chidambaram s/o Alagappa [2003] SGCA 20 at [13]
and Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v PP [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 at [34]−[36]).
Furthermore, where a particular finding of fact is not based on the veracity
or credibility of the witness, but instead, is based on an inference drawn
from the facts or the evaluation of primary facts, the appellate court is in
as good a position as the trial judge to undertake that exercise (Tan Chin
Seng v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307 at [54] and Ho Soo Fong v
Standard Chartered Bank [2007] 2 SLR(R) 181 at [20]). In so doing, the
appellate court will evaluate the cogency of the evidence given by the
witnesses by testing it against inherent probabilities or against
uncontroverted facts (Peh Eng Leng v Pek Eng Leong [1996] 1 SLR(R) 939 at
[22]).

23 Also, in the High Court decision of Public Prosecutor v Wang Ziyi Able
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 61 (at [94]), the court set out two situations where an
appellate court has access to the same material as the trial judge and so is
in as good a position as the trial court to draw inferences from facts in
order to assess the veracity of the witness’s evidence. The two situations are
where the assessment of the witness’s credibility is based on inferences drawn
from: (a) the internal consistency in the content of the witness’s evidence;
and (b) the external consistency between the content of the witness’s evidence
and the extrinsic evidence.

24 Further, in a situation where the appellate court does not have to rely
heavily on the evidence of the witnesses during cross-examination, then it is
as well placed to make determinations of fact as the court below. For
instance, in the Court of Appeal decision of Ng Chee Chuan v Ng Ai Tee
(administratrix of the estate of Yap Yoon Moi, deceased) [2009] 2 SLR(R) 918,
the sole issue of fact was whether there was an oral agreement between the
parties relating to the transaction for shares in exchange for monthly
payment. That court was able to refer to documentary evidence objectively
showing the existence of an agreement, and in this context, commented (at
[19]) that “the availability of contemporaneous documents in this case reduced
the need to rely on the testimony of the witnesses on the stand as much of the
evidence was, in fact, not disputed, eg, the amount of payments made, the
dates of the payments, the signing of the deeds, etc”. It was also noted that
given that the court had access to the same objective evidence as the trial
judge, it was “just as well placed” to draw inferences from the empirical
facts (at [19]).

25 In summary, as to findings of fact, the trial judge is generally better
placed to assess the veracity and credibility of witnesses, and the appellate
court should only overturn such findings where the trial judge’s assessment is
“plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence” (see the Court of Appeal
decision of Sandz Solutions (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others v Strategic
Worldwide Assets Ltd and others [2014] 3 SLR 562 at [37]–[41]). As to
inferences of fact, however, the appellate court can engage in a de novo
review since an appellate judge is as competent as any trial judge to draw
necessary inferences of fact. An appellate judge is in as good a position as
the trial judge to assess a witness’s credibility where such assessment is
based on inferences drawn from the internal consistency of the witness’s
testimony and the external consistency between the witness’s evidence and
extrinsic evidence.

26 It should also be remembered that at the end of the day, the appellate
court’s duty is to do justice by correcting plainly wrong decisions. The
appellate court can overturn findings of fact, especially with the advent of
technology such as the availability of verbatim transcripts (see the Court of
Appeal decision of Thorben Langvad Linneberg v Leong Mei Kuen [2013] 1 SLR 207
at [14], citing the Court of Appeal decision of Goh Sin Huat Electrical Pte
Ltd v Ho See Jui (trading as Xuanhua Art Gallery) and another [2012] 3 SLR
1038 at [49] and [55]).

There is no cause of action to support the claim of $72,200

27 While an appellate court should be more circumspect in overturning findings
of fact made with the benefit of assessing witnesses, it should be less so
when examining the legal basis of the lower court’s decision. As I will now
explain, I allow the appeal because the DJ had, with respect, erred in
implicitly finding that there was a legal basis to support the defendant’s
claim of $72,200.

28 As the Court of Appeal held in Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy
Trading Ltd and another appeal [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 (at [13]), “[i]t is a
fundamental rule that in every case where a plaintiff claims relief against a
defendant, his claim must be founded on a reasonable cause of action”.
Otherwise, the claim is liable to be struck out or, I should add, be dismissed
if the opposing party did not apply to strike it out. While it is not
necessary to plead the exact cause of action, it is necessary for a plaintiff
(or a defendant in a counterclaim) to plead every essential element of a known
cause of action. This is to furnish the defendant with sufficient particulars
so as to have reasonable notice of the case he has to meet (see the High Court
decision of Chandra Winata Lie v Citibank NA [2015] 1 SLR 875 at [34]–[35]).
Thus, as Lord Pearson explained in the English Court of Appeal decision of
Drummond-Jackson v British Medical Association and others [1970] 1 All ER
1094, albeit in the context of an application to strike out for lack of a
reasonable cause of action, this connotes a cause of action which has some
chance of success when only the allegations in the pleadings are considered.
It must follow that if the pleadings disclose no facts in support of a known
cause of action in respect of a claim, then the claim must necessarily fail
for lack of any legal basis.

29 With these principles in mind, I turn to the defendant’s counterclaim for
the sum of $72,200. In my view, the defendant has not pleaded any essential
element of a known cause of action to support this claim.

30 First, the defendant’s claim for $72,200 cannot be based on the alleged
Consultancy Agreement. However, as counsel for the plaintiff, Ms Jheong Siew
Yin, helpfully pointed out in oral submissions, the defendant’s claim for
$72,200 was, in fact, premised on the existence of the Consultancy Agreement.
In this regard, the defendant pleaded in the Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment
No. 2) that “[i]n breach of the Consultancy Agreement, the [plaintiff] failed
to run the day-to-day business of [WWLS]”, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at para 30.

which resulted in the defendant incurring the sum of $72,200. In other words,
the defendant pleaded that the damages arising from the plaintiff’s breach of
the alleged Consultancy Agreement, by not paying the salaries of the drivers
and VA, amounts to $72,200. However, the DJ found that the alleged Consultancy
Agreement did not exist. Therefore, the defendant’s claim for $72,200 cannot
be founded on the alleged Consultancy Agreement. In so far as the defendant
bases his claim on the Consultancy Agreement, it must fail.

31 Second, the defendant’s claim for $72,200 cannot be sustained on any other
basis in the pleadings. In this regard, in the relevant paragraphs of the
Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2), the defendant has simply pleaded
that the plaintiff failed to pay the salaries of the drivers and VA. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) at paras 33–34.

However, the defendant has not pleaded any fact, such as the existence of an
agreement between the parties on this matter, to explain why the plaintiff is
liable to the defendant for the sum of $72,200 that makes up these salaries.
Although the defendant in his submissions before me asserts that “it would be
a fiction to suggest that no agreement between the parties existed in relation
to the responsibility for the salaries of [WWLS]’s staff” [emphasis in
original], 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

RC at para 27.

this is a bare assertion without any substantiation found within the
pleadings.

32 Third, I reject the defendant’s belated attempt before me to argue that
there was a “collateral agreement” between the plaintiff and the defendant for
the former to be responsible for the relevant salaries. In this regard, the
defendant argued that the DJ’s decision “does not preclude the existence of
the … collateral agreement to pay the salaries … and 45% of the takings”
[emphasis in original]. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Respondent’s Skeletal Arguments dated 15 July 2023 at para 12.

During oral submissions, counsel for the defendant, Mr Julian Sebastian Lim
(“Mr Lim”), referred to several paragraphs in the pleadings to substantiate
this argument, but I do not accept that they are sufficient to establish the
existence of this collateral agreement. For instance, Mr Lim referred to
paragraph 29 of the Defence & Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2), which states
that “[i]t was agreed that the [plaintiff] would bear all costs and expenses
associated with the running of [WWLS]”. However, paragraph 29 states this
agreement is “pursuant to the Consultancy Agreement” and “during the period of
consultancy”. It therefore cannot substantiate the defendant’s claim that
there is a collateral agreement outside of the Consultancy Agreement between
the parties in relation to the payment of salaries for the drivers and VA.
Perhaps the only pleading that may be relevant is paragraph 32 of the Defence
& Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2), which states that “the [plaintiff] and [her
son] had agreed to be responsible for [certain tasks] but neglected, refused
and/or otherwise failed to carry out”. However, I do not find this sufficient
to establish why the plaintiff is liable to the defendant for the sum of
$72,200 that the latter spent to deploy additional labour to carry out the
plaintiff’s tasks. In sum, as I pointed out repeatedly to Mr Lim during the
hearing, there is nothing in the pleadings that can substantiate the
defendant’s claim of $72,200 independent of the Consultancy Agreement.

33 Fourth, I also reject the defendant’s belated attempt to argue that there
was a “collateral agreement” between the parties because this case was simply
not put to the plaintiff during the trial below. Although Mr Lim took the
position that the plaintiff was not taken by surprise because this point had
been put to the plaintiff during trial, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Notes of Evidence (15 August 2022) at p 32 lines 21–29 (Record of Appeal
(“ROA”) at p 1459); p 35 lines 3–17 (ROA at p 1462); p 36 lines 6–11 (ROA at p
1463).

I find that the point that was put to the plaintiff was that 55% of the daily
collection of WWLS would be used to pay the salaries of the workers, instead
of the point that the parties had entered into an agreement that the plaintiff
would be liable to the defendant for that sum. In short, the plaintiff was not
given a fair chance below to respond to the allegation that there had been a
collateral agreement between the parties, which existed independently of the
alleged Consultancy Agreement, for the plaintiff to pay the salaries of the
drivers and VA.

34 Fifth, it is also not sufficient for the defendant, as he appears to be
doing now, to rely on the plaintiff’s pleaded oral agreement pursuant to which
she had paid the sum of $90,000 to purchase WWLS. Indeed, the DJ had alluded
to paragraph 8(c) of the plaintiff’s AEIC, where the plaintiff had said that,
pursuant to the oral agreement for her to purchase WWLS, she (the plaintiff)
also agreed that “[t]he remaining 55% of the Wee Wee Laundry’s daily
collection will be used to pay the salaries of employees of Wee Wee Laundry
and the other expenses of Wee Wee Laundry”. In the first place, in the Defence
& Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2), the defendant had denied the existence of
any agreement for the plaintiff to purchase WWLS for the sum of $90,000.
Having done this, it must follow that the defendant cannot rely on the
plaintiff’s own case about an oral agreement for the same in his counterclaim.
In any event, even if the defendant can rely on the plaintiff’s statement in
paragraph 8(c) of the plaintiff’s AEIC, that still does not explain why the
plaintiff is liable to the defendant for the salaries. This is because the
beneficiaries of the salaries are not the defendant but third parties such as
the drivers and VA. While a plausible argument might be mounted based on the
defendant’s suing for damages arising from the infringement of his performance
interest (see the High Court decision of Motor Insurers’ Bureau of Singapore
and another v AM General Insurance Bhd (formerly known as Kurnia Insurans
(Malaysia) Bhd) (Liew Voon Fah, third party) [2018] 4 SLR 882 at [118]), the
defendant never pleaded any material facts relating to such a cause of action,
nor did he advance any such arguments.

35 Finally, I do not think that reasons of “policy” or “practicalities” can be
used by the defendant to justify its claim for $72,200. While Mr Lim suggested
that the DJ was being “practical” in allowing the defendant’s claim of $72,200
so that the drivers and VA did not need to sue the plaintiff directly, I do
not think that that is a good reason for allowing the claim. In the first
place, and with respect, it is not sufficient for the DJ to have concluded
that the plaintiff was liable for $72,200. This begs the question of liable to
whom? As I said above, the DJ had concluded that the “plaintiff would be
liable for payment of salaries of the workers” (see the GD at [27]), but this
does not answer the question of why the plaintiff should be liable to the
defendant. Indeed, in the absence of any pleaded agreement dealing with the
matter, if the plaintiff was liable to pay the salaries as she had been in
control of WWLS, then the proper persons to sue her would be the drivers and
VA. It is not clear to me why the defendant has any standing to sue her, even
if he had paid the salaries. Above all, as I have said above, reasons of
“policy” and “practicalities” cannot excuse the need for parties to advance
their cases in a legally and conceptually sustainable manner. There is, in
every case, the legal requirement that a reasonable cause of action must
underlie every claim. There is simply none in this case with regard to the
defendant’s claim for $72,200.

36 In summary, flowing from the above, it does not follow that because the
defendant had paid the salaries (even if I accept this as correct), the
plaintiff becomes liable to pay the defendant the salaries. At the risk of
repetition, there is nothing pleaded by virtue of any agreement between the
parties that the plaintiff is to, for example, reimburse the defendant for
these salaries. Thus, even if I can accept that the plaintiff is responsible
for paying these salaries, it does not flow legally that just because the
defendant did so, the plaintiff must pay back the defendant. There is no legal
basis for asserting this. In so far as the defendant now asserts a collateral
agreement between the parties to sustain his claim for $72,200, I find that
this was never pleaded, and that the plaintiff was not accorded a fair chance
at defending against such an allegation at the trial below.

Conclusion

37 As such, I find that there was no cause of action pleaded in support of the
defendant’s counterclaim of $72,200. I allow the appeal on this basis.

38 Unless the parties are able to agree on the appropriate costs order, they
are to write in with their submissions on costs within 14 days of this
decision, limited to seven pages each.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Jheong Siew Yin (Constellation Law Chambers LLC) for the appellant;  
Lim Huat Sing Julian Sebastian and Tay Sheng Xiang Kesmond (JLim Law
Corporation) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Aug 2023 (13:02 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

