Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCR 21

Originating Claim No 258 of 2023 (Summons No 3046 of 2023)

Between

Bumi Jaya Salvage & Engineering Sdn Bhd  
---  
  
… Claimant

And

Brave Worth Shipping Co., Limited  
---  
  
… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Wreck removal]

[Civil Procedure] — [Judgments and orders] — [Setting aside default judgment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Bumi Jaya Salvage & Engineering Sdn Bhd

  
v

  

Brave Worth Shipping Co Ltd

[2023] SGHCR 21

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 258 of 2023 (Summons
No 3046 of 2023)  
AR Navin Anand  
8 December 2023

20 December 2023 Judgment reserved.

AR Navin Anand:

Introduction

1 The claimant commenced HC/OC 258/2023 (“OC 258”) against the defendant for
services rendered to the defendant’s vessel under a wreck removal contract.
The defendant failed to file and serve a notice of intention to contest or not
contest within the time permitted under the Rules of Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”),
and judgment was consequently entered in the claimant’s favour pursuant to O 6
r 6(5) of the ROC 2021 (“Default Judgment”).

2 By HC/SUM 3046/2023 (“SUM 3046”), the defendant seeks to set aside or vary
the Default Judgment.

3 Having considered the parties’ written and oral submissions, I have decided
to substantially set aside the Default Judgment, save for a claim for
US$275,000 and contractual interest on this sum. The consequence of this is
that the Default Judgment is varied in the terms set out at [55] below. I now
provide the reasons for my decision.

Background facts

The parties and the fire

4 The claimant is a Malaysian company in the business of providing salvage and
engineering services 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Nurul Izzah Binti Mohd Ahkar Nawawi dated 6 November 2023
(“Nurul’s Affidavit”) at para 6.

. The defendant is the registered owner of the vessel “KMAX PRO” (“Vessel”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Jiang Xiuwu dated 19 October 2023 (“Jiang’s Affidavit”) at para
4; Nurul’s Affidavit at para 7.

5 On 27 October 2022, the Vessel caught fire and grounded off Butterworth
wharf number 2 at Penang Port (“Fire”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Jiang’s Affidavit at para 4.

At the material time, the Vessel was laden with a consignment of medium
density fibreboard (“Cargo”) in cargo holds 1 to 5. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Nurul’s Affidavit at para 8.

A substantial portion of the Cargo was damaged by the Fire and the water used
to extinguish it, with the Cargo in cargo holds 3, 4 and 5 sustaining the most
damage. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Jiang’s Affidavit at para 4.

The Vessel was thus involved in a marine casualty, and became wrecked in the
sense that she suffered serious damage and could not complete the contemplated
voyage.

The wreck removal operations

The First Agreement

6 Subsequent to the Fire, the defendant engaged the claimant to salvage and
refloat the Vessel. To this end, the parties entered into a wreck removal
contract dated 15 November 2022 on the Baltic and International Maritime
Council (“BIMCO”) Wreckfixed 2010 form (“First Agreement”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Nurul’s Affidavit at para 9 and pp32-46.

Standard form wreck removal contracts such as the BIMCO Wreckfixed 2010 form
are essentially contracts between an appointed contractor performing wreck
removal or similar activities and a hiring company (typically, the shipowner).
Under the First Agreement, the claimant was the contractor, and the defendant
was the hiring company. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ibid at p32.

7 The parties differ on whether the Vessel was successfully refloated – the
claimant pleads that this took place on or around 28 December 2022, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of claim at para 7.

while the defendant denies this and alleges that the Vessel’s bottom comes
into contact with the seafloor twice a day during low tide. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Jiang’s Affidavit at para 5.

This difference in views is immaterial to the present application, and
ultimately, the defendant paid the claimant under the First Agreement. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Nurul’s Affidavit at para 9.

The Second Agreement

8 On 13 January 2023, the claimant (as contractor) and the defendant (as the
hiring company) entered into a second wreck removal contract, this time on the
BIMCO Wreckstage 2010 form (“Second Agreement”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Ibid at para 11 and pp94-113.

The parties’ choice to contract on the BIMCO Wreckstage 2010 form is
significant, and I will explain why later in my decision (see [33]-[34]
below).

9 The objective of the Second Agreement was to lighten the Vessel through the
discharge of Cargo at berth, and to allow the defendant to deal with
contaminated Cargo. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Nurul’s Affidavit at p96; Jiang’s Affidavit at para 7.

The nature of services undertaken under the Second Agreement is set out in Box
7, and the salient portion reads as follows: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Nurul’s Affidavit at pp94-96.

7\. Nature of Services (Cl. 1, 2, 4)

(i) Nature of services:

1\. [The claimant] would continue to discharge cargo hold 5, 3 and 4 at berth
only. [The claimant] would discharge cargoes in respective holds 5, 3, 4 to
[the claimant’s] best endeavor until semi solid / slurry / sludge level.

…

2\. [The claimant] would discharge cargo hold 1 and 2 until empty at berth
only.

…

5\. The discharge[d] cargoes of cargoes hold No. 4 … will be stored at a
separate warehouse outside the port… The Department of Environment (DOE) has
declared the cargo hold No. 4 as a schedule waste. The DOE has requested the
cargo owner or ship-owner to appoint a Schedule Waste (SW) company who is able
to dispose the cargo. Thus, the [defendant] shall appoint a SW company for the
disposal of the contaminated cargoes and the [claimant] shall endeavour to
assist [the defendant] to find a SW company for the [defendant]. The
[defendant] shall appoint a suitable SW company in suitable time as not to
disrupt the [claimant’s] work schedule or pace. If there is undue delay of
more than three (3) days beyond the control of the [claimant], then
mobilization and demobilization costs of USD 10,000.00 each shall be applied.

…

6\. The [claimant] shall endeavour to pump out to a maximum of 3000M3 of
contaminated oily water, which is pump able, accessible from cargo holds. The
[claimant] would leave semi solid / slurry / sludge cargoes in the respective
holds for the custody of the [defendant]. All semi solid / slurry / sludge
waste would be removed and disposed when the [defendant] appoints a SW
company…

7\. The sequence of cargo discharge would be as follows:-

(Scope of work)

a) Discharge of hold 3, 4 and 5 to lowest tier possible before semi solid /
slurry / sludge level.

b) There is a possibility of contaminated cargo from hold 4 to hold 3 if trim,
SF BM is not permissible.

c) Discharge good cargo holds 1 until empty.

d) Discharge good cargo holds 2 until empty.

e) Transfer of non-contaminated wet cargo from hold 1 and 2 to open yard.

f) Transfer of water to make trim.

g) Throughout the cargo discharge process, the Master of [the Vessel] and all
relevant Officers/crew will monitor the [Vessel’s] stability and will always
be responsible for the [Vessel’s] condition and all machinery belonging to the
Vessel….

[emphasis in original]

10 Two points ought to be noted on the services agreed under the Second
Agreement.

(a) First, the services undertaken by the claimant were to be performed in a
particular sequence. Specifically, the claimant was to: (i) discharge cargo
holds 3, 4 and 5 to the lowest tier possible before semi solid / slurry /
sludge level, (ii) transfer contaminated Cargo from cargo hold 4 to cargo hold
3 if there was an issue with the Vessel’s trim, (iii) discharge good Cargo
from cargo holds 1 and 2, (iv) transfer the uncontaminated wet Cargo from
cargo holds 1 and 2 to an open yard, and (v) transfer water out of the cargo
holds to improve the Vessel’s trim. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ibid at para 11; Jiang’s Affidavit at para 9.

(b) Second, it was the defendant’s responsibility to appoint a schedule waste
contractor (“SW Contractor”) to remove and dispose of “schedule waste” or
waste with hazardous characteristics in cargo holds 3, 4 and 5.

11 The payment obligations are set out in Boxes 9 and 11 of the Second
Agreement. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Nurul’s Affidavit at pp96-97.

Broadly, the defendant agreed to pay the claimant a lump sum price of
US$1,650,000 (“Lump Sum”) for the claimant’s services, which was to be paid in
three instalments at the following stages: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Jiang’s Affidavit at para 8.

(a) First, 50% of the Lump Sum, amounting to US$825,000, before noon on 16
January 2023 (“Advance Payment”);

(b) Second, 25% of the Lump Sum, amounting to US$412,500, within three banking
days’ notice upon the completion of discharge of dry Cargo from cargo holds 1
and 2 (“2nd Stage Instalment”); and

(c) Third, the final 25% of the Lump Sum, amounting to US$412,500, within
three banking days’ notice upon the completion of the transfer of the maximum
accessible / pump permissible oily water of not more than 3000 cubic metres
from the cargo holds.

12 The rate of contractual interest for late payment of any sum due and
payable under the Second Agreement is 1.5% per month, pursuant to Box 11 and
Clause 10(f). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Nurul’s Affidavit at pp97 and 102.

13 Singapore law was chosen as the governing law of the Second Agreement, with
any disputes to be referred to the Singapore courts. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ibid at pp97 and 105.

Part performance of the Second Agreement

14 The defendant did not pay the Advance Payment by noon time on 16 January
2023. Notwithstanding this, the claimant started discharging Cargo from cargo
hold 2 on 16 January 2023, and subsequently from cargo holds 3 and 5 on 17
January 2023. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Ibid at para 14.

The claimant completed discharge in cargo hold 2 on 30 January 2023, and
started on cargo hold 1 from 11 February 2023. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ibid at paras 14 and 16.

15 As the discharge operations progressed, the claimant grew increasingly
impatient with the defendant over two matters:

(a) The first concerned the defendant’s failure to pay the Advance Payment.
The claimant sent numerous email reminders to the defendant to pay from 17
January 2023, citing, among other things, the mobilisation of the claimant’s
manpower and assets, the incurrence of daily running costs, and the payment of
the claimant’s vendors. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ibid at pp257-268.

The defendant made two partial payments of US$100,000 and US$450,000 on 31
January 2023 and 27 February 2023, but did not pay the remaining US$275,0000
of the Advance Payment. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ibid at para 22 and p257.

(b) The second related to the appointment of a SW Contractor, which the
claimant viewed as crucial for the removal of liquid pollutants present in
cargo holds 3, 4 and 5, and imperative to preserving the safety of the Vessel.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Ibid at paras 54-55 and pp274-275.

From 26 January 2023, the claimant had sought, on no less than ten occasions,
the defendant’s confirmation that it had appointed a SW Contractor. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ibid at pp257-258 and 262-265.

No such confirmation was forthcoming, even though the claimant provided a
quote from Pentas Flora Sdn Bhd, a local SW Contractor approved by the
Malaysian Department of Environment, to the defendant on 26 January 2023 for
its consideration. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ibid at para 57 and pp264-265.

16 On 12 February 2023, the claimant ceased discharge operations in cargo hold
1, after removing approximately 10% of the Cargo. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Ibid at paras 16 and 40.

According to the claimant, the Vessel’s trim would be affected had it
proceeded any further with the discharge. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Ibid at para 40.

Shortly thereafter, on 14 February 2023, the claimant stopped discharging from
cargo holds 3 and 5 as a result of the defendant’s failure to pay the full
Advance Payment and appoint a SW Contractor. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Ibid at paras 17 and 42.

From this point onwards, the parties were at an impasse as the claimant
refused to resume work unless the defendant paid the balance of the Advance
Payment and appointed a SW Contractor. The claimant’s position was aptly
captured in its email to the defendant on 27 February 2023, which read as
follows: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Ibid at pp257-258.

…

2\. You have only paid USD450,000, (which is only 64% of the advance required
and 33% of the total payment). When would [the defendant] pay the remaining
amounts which past overdue for a long time since 13/01/2023? Please provide a
clear schedule of payment for the remaining full amount for our consideration?
We have [passed] the 75% work mark, payment and also waiting for your [SW
Contractor] appointment to have some significant work progress.

3\. The stop work notice sent to [you] on 10th Feb 2023 [and our] previous 5
reminders pleading [the defendant] … to make payment not to interrupt our work
which eventually has been denied and not responded by your end. This has
resulted in a break [of] momentum in our work progress and cost us additional
demob in some areas. We shall bill you the “VO” Variation order as per notices
sent to you.

4\. [The claimant] had done substantial ground work, meetings, presentations,
execution for the management of the schedule waste onboard… Our work has been
much [affected] due to the delay in appointment of the [SW Contractor] … We
have reached to the final “slurry nature” stage at [cargo hold 5] which
requires, pumping out of liquids, management of SW solids in order to further
progress in the salvage operations. Vessel also requires to discharge [cargo
hold 4] quick as to relieve the stresses, have a better trim, lighten her for
lower sea chests to be free. All the above continuation of work is dependent
on the “appointment of [SW Contractor]”. Without this there is very little
work progress that can be done…

[emphasis in original]

Proceedings in Singapore

17 On 2 May 2023, the claimant commenced OC 258 against the defendant for
claims arising out of the Second Agreement. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Ibid at para 24.

On 8 May 2023, the originating claim, the statement of claim and the notice of
intention to contest or not contest were served on the defendant by leaving
these documents with a receptionist present at the defendant’s registered
address in Hong Kong. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Affidavit of Helen Tang dated 30 November 2023; Affidavit of Cheng Ka Wai
dated 30 May 2023.

18 The defendant did not file and serve a notice of intention to contest or
not contest within 21 days after the statement of claim was served on it (ie,
by 29 May 2023), as required under O 6 r 6(2) of the ROC 2021. As a result,
the claimant applied for, and obtained, the Default Judgment on 7 June 2023.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

HC/JUD 214/2023 dated 7 June 2023 (“Default Judgment”).

On 8 June 2023, the claimant’s solicitors sent a copy of the Default Judgment
to the defendant by registered post. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Nurul’s Affidavit at para 25.

19 Approximately three months later, on 12 September 2023, the defendant
sought permission from the court to file an application to set aside the
Default Judgment. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Ibid at para 26.

The court granted permission on the same day, and the defendant’s setting
aside application in SUM 3046 was filed on 3 October 2023.

The Default Judgment and the parties’ positions

20 The Default Judgment against the defendant can be distilled into the
following constituent parts.

(a) First, judgment in the sum of US$781,178.15 for amounts owed under
invoices no. BJSESB/PG/094/23 to BJSESB/PG/098/23. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Default Judgment at para 1; statement of claim at para 13.

Of this sum,

(i) US$275,000 is the portion of the Advance Payment that remains unpaid; 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Statement of claim at para 12.15.

(ii) US$412,500 is claimed as the 2nd Stage Instalment; 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Ibid at para 12.17.

(iii) US$50,000 is claimed under “variation orders” for the standby of
machinery from 14 February 2023 to 10 March 2023 (“Variation Orders”); 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ibid at paras 12.18 and 12.20.

and

(iv) US$43,678.15 is claimed for the standby charges incurred by the
claimant’s tug “BIG HORN RIVER” (“Tug”), which was alongside the Vessel from
10 to 28 March 2023. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Ibid at para 12.19.

(b) Second, an order that the claimant’s claim for standby charges incurred by
the Tug from 10 March 2023 until the cessation of services on 23 May 2023
proceed to an assessment of damages. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Default Judgment at paras 3 and 4; statement of claim at para 23.

(c) Third, an order that the defendant indemnify the claimant for any claim by
the Malaysian Marine Department under Form 491B of the Malaysian Merchant
Shipping Ordinance 1952 (“Indemnity”), which rendered the claimant responsible
for any claim arising from the salvage and discharge operations under the
Second Agreement. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Default Judgment at para 5; statement of claim at paras 21-22.

(d) Fourth, judgment in the sum of US$33,747.84 for contractual interest at
the rate of 1.5% per month for late payment of the unpaid invoices, and for
interest to continue accruing at US$11,717.67 per month until the date of
final payment. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Default Judgment at para 2 and Annex A; statement of claim at para 12.21 and
p18.

(e) Fifth, costs of and incidental to the action fixed at S$6,046.54. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Default Judgment at para 6.

21 The defendant accepts that the Default Judgment was regularly entered but
submits that it should nevertheless be set aside as the defendant has a prima
facie defence that raises triable issues. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at paras 2 and 25.

Specifically, the defendant argues that:

(a) The Advance Payment is only earned by the claimant after it successfully
discharged cargo holds 3, 4 and 5 to the lowest possible tier before semi
solid / slurry / sludge level. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Ibid at paras 7-11.

This did not take place.

(b) The claimant was not entitled to the 2nd Stage Instalment as it did not
complete discharge of the dry Cargo from cargo hold 1. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Ibid.

(c) The claimant never agreed to the Variation Orders or to pay for the
standby of machinery. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Ibid at para 24.

(d) The claimant could not claim standby charges incurred by the Tug, as the
provision of the Tug was a service included as part of the Lump Sum price
under the Second Agreement. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Ibid at paras 21-23.

(e) The claimant had no basis to seek the Indemnity as there was no pollution
originating from the Vessel. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Jiang’s Affidavit at para 16.

22 On the other hand, the claimant submits that the defendant’s defence is
entirely meritless and made up of bare assertions. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions (“CWS”) at paras 58-64.

In particular, the claimant argues as follows:

(a) The entire Advance Payment was due and payable on 16 January 2023, and it
is undisputed that US$275,000 of the Advance Payment remains unpaid. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Ibid at para 50.

(b) The claim for the 2nd Stage Instalment was justified as the claimant had
completely discharged cargo hold 2, and discharged the Cargo in cargo hold 1
to the best of its abilities. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Ibid.

The claimant only managed to remove 10% of the Cargo in cargo hold 1, and
could not proceed further without compromising the stability of the Vessel. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Ibid at para 52.

The defendant had to appoint a SW Contractor to remove the liquid pollutants
in the cargo holds before the claimant could continue with the discharge
operations. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Ibid at paras 52-54.

(c) The claimant was entitled to charge for the standby of machinery under the
Variations Orders. The standby of machinery from 14 February 2023 to 10 March
2023 was caused by the defendant’s repeated assurances that it would pay the
full Advance Payment. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Ibid at para 50; Nurul’s Affidavit at para 36.

(d) The defendant’s failure to appoint a SW Contractor resulted in a need for
the Tug to standby the Vessel (that was in an unseaworthy state) from 10 March
2023 to 23 May 2023, in case the Vessel listed or required emergency services.
56

##### Foot Note 56

×

CWS at para 50; Nurul’s Affidavit at paras 63-70.

These standby charges could have been avoided had the defendant appointed a SW
Contractor in time.

23 The claimant further contends that the court should not exercise its
discretion due to the defendant’s inordinate delay in filing SUM 3046. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

CWS at paras 65-70.

The law

24 The legal principles governing the setting aside of judgments entered in
default of appearance under the revoked Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed) continue to be relevant to an application under the ROC 2021 to set aside
a judgment in default of the notice of intention to contest or not contest:
see Spamhaus Technology Ltd v Reputation Administration Service Pte Ltd [2023]
SGHC 294 at [24]–[26]; Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 4572 v
Kingsford Development Pte Ltd and others [2023] SGHCR 8 at [8]; Jeffrey
Pinsler, Singapore Court Practice (LexisNexis, 2023) at para 6.6.8. It
suffices for me at this juncture to highlight a few general points on the
court’s discretion to set aside a default judgment that has been regularly
obtained.

25 The defendant must first meet the threshold requirement of establishing a
prima facie defence, in the sense of showing that there are triable or
arguable issues: see Mercurine Pte Ltd v Canberra Development Pte Ltd [2008] 4
SLR(R) 907 (“Mercurine”) at [60] & [98]; U Myo Nyunt (alias Michael Nyunt) v
First Property Holdings Pte Ltd [2021] 2 SLR 816 (“U Myo Nyunt) at [61]. The
assessment of whether there is a prima facie defence is an evaluative
assessment on the merits of the defence based on the evidence, albeit on a
preliminary basis, and is no stricter than the test to obtain permission to
defend in an application for summary judgment: see U Myo Nyunt at [64].

26 It is only after the defendant has shown a prima facie defence that the
issue of the court’s discretion arises: see U Myo Nyunt at [64]. In exercising
this discretion, the court will balance the existence of a prima facie defence
against other factors such as the length of the delay, the reason(s) for the
delay, and any prejudice that the claimant would suffer if the judgment were
to be set aside: see U Myo Nyunt at [64]. In this regard, a deliberate choice
by the defendant to stay away from the proceedings because of his or her
litigation strategy, or an extended period of delay, are strong factors
weighing against the exercise of the court’s discretion: see U Myo Nyunt at
[66]–[67].

27 Where a portion of the default judgment is severable from the rest and is
devoid of any triable issues, the court can allow the default judgment to
stand only for that part and set aside the rest of the judgment: see Powercom
Yuraku Pte Ltd v Sunpower Semiconductor Ltd and others [2023] 4 SLR 867
(“Powercom Yuraku”) at [16]-[28]. In determining the severability of the
default judgment, a useful test is to assess whether the same defence is being
raised such that the pleaded claims would fall together if the defence was
made out: see Powercom Yuraku at [22].

28 In the final analysis, the court has a wide discretion to set aside, uphold
or vary a default judgment, and it is the factual matrix that will determine
the appropriate outcome in each application: see Mercurine at [99].

Issues

29 With the above principles in mind, the overarching issue of whether the
Default Judgment should be set aside can be analysed in two parts. I deal
first with whether the defendant has met the threshold requirement of
establishing a prima facie defence, before considering whether the court’s
discretion should be exercised to set aside or vary the Default Judgment.

Whether the defendant has established a prima facie defence

30 Before considering the claims on which the claimant obtained default
judgment, it will be helpful to discuss the nature of wreck removal contracts
and explain the importance of the parties’ choice in the standard form used.
By “wreck removal contracts”, I am referring to the contractual arrangements
made by a shipowner to remove its vessel, which has become a hazard to
navigation or a threat to the environment after a marine casualty.

31 Wreck removal contracts must cater for a far greater degree of uncertainty
and risks as compared to other types of maritime contracts such as a
charterparty. As explained by Professors Nicholas Gaskell and Craig Forrest in
The Law of Wreck (Informa Law, 1st Ed, 2019) (“The Law of Wreck”) at p 609:

It is the level of uncertainty, though, that distinguishes wreck removal
contracts from ordinary charterparties for the hire or use of a ship. Although
a charterparty is also a type of service, the extent and level of performance
provided by the shipowner is relatively clear and circumscribed, eg by the
nature of an ordinary trading voyage – although force majeure clauses do exist
for events that are out of the ordinary. In a wreck removal contract, by
contrast, there is an inherent degree of uncertainty in the extent (and
sometimes level) of service that may be required. In a general sense, the task
may become much more difficult [than] any of the experts could have predicted.
That difficulty may result in extra direct expenditure, eg in hiring in
additional heavy lift craft, but is most likely to manifest itself in delays.
The delays will simply mean that all the contractor’s assets will need to be
mobilised for a longer period, which naturally means an added cost.

[emphasis added]

32 Thus, the standard form wreck removal contract chosen by parties to govern
their contractual relations has a significant bearing on how parties intend to
cope with the uncertainty inherent in any wreck removal operation and allocate
risks: see The Law of Wreck at p 610. Put simply, the standard form sets out
an overall framework for the allocation of risk, which the parties can alter
through specific amendments to meet the precise needs of the operation: see
The Law of Wreck at pp 609-610.

33 There are three main standard form wreck removal contracts, namely: (a) the
BIMCO Wreckhire 2010 form; (b) the BIMCO Wreckfixed 2010 form; and (c) the
BIMCO Wreckstage 2010 form. The allocation of the risks under these standard
form contracts is reflected in the basis of remuneration, which may be
described in the following terms.

(a) The BIMCO Wreckhire 2010 form places more risk on the hiring shipowner:
see The Law of Wreck at p 640. The services provided by the contractor are to
be paid for at a daily rate of hire, and the contractor does not guarantee a
particular outcome as a result of its services: see Simon Rainey, The Law of
Tug and Tow and Offshore Contracts (Informa Law, 4th Ed, 2017) (“The Law of
Tug and Tow and Offshore Contracts”) at para 10.9; The Law of Wreck at p 611.

(b) At the other end of the spectrum is the BIMCO Wreckfixed 2010 form, which
imposes more risk on the contractor: see The Law of Wreck at p 640. There is a
single lump sum price that is only earned and payable as an indivisible amount
upon the full completion of the contracted services: see The Law of Tug and
Tow and Offshore Contracts at para 10.9.

(c) The BIMCO Wreckstage 2010 form sits between the Wreckhire 2010 form and
the Wreckfixed 2010 form: see The Law of Wreck at p 640. The contractor’s
services are paid for on a lump sum basis, but the form allows the parties to
divide up the lump sum into a series of instalments that are payable at key
stages in the anticipated operation: see The Law of Wreck at p 639; see The
Law of Tug and Tow and Offshore Contracts at para 10.9. For instance, if the
raising of a wreck involves six stages with only the fifth and sixth stages
being the raising of the wreck and if the wreck is not raised or the attempt
fails, the shipowner is liable to pay for all the abortive preliminary steps
even though these steps have produced no useful result and the work remains to
be done: see The Law of Tug and Tow and Offshore Contracts at para 10.75.

34 In the present case, the parties contracted on basis of the BIMCO
Wreckstage 2010 form, ie, the Second Agreement (see [8] above). The analysis
of the claimant’s claims must thus be guided by the parties’ choice of
standard form (and the amendments made to the form) in allocating risks in the
contemplated operation.

Claim for Remainder of Advance Payment

35 I start with the claim for the remainder of the Advance Payment. In my
view, the defendant has failed to show the existence of triable issues for
this claim.

36 Under Boxes 9 and 11 of the Second Agreement, the defendant agreed to make
payment of the first instalment of the Lump Sum before noon time on 16 January
2023 (see [11(a)] above). Clause 10 of the Second Agreement further provides
that each instalment of the Lump Sum is fully and irrevocably earned the
moment it falls due, and is to be paid in full without any discount,
deduction, or set-off. These provisions in the Second Agreement are reproduced
below: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Nurul’s Affidavit at pp96 and 102.

9\. Payments (Cl. 4, 8(b), 10(a), 10(b))  
---  
(i) Lump Sum (in figures and words)USD 1,650,000.00 (United States Dollar One
Million Six Hundred and Fifty Thousand) only.| (ii) Amount due and payable on
signing this AgreementThe advance payment of 50% in the sum of USD 825,000.00
shall be paid before 12 noon 16th January 2023.  
(iii) Amount due and payable onThe 25% payment in the sum of USD 412,500.00
shall be paid within three (3) banking days notice upon complete of discharge
of dry cargo from hold 1 and 2.  
  
…

10\. Payment

(a) The [defendant] shall pay the [claimant] the Lump Sum set out in Box 9,
which amount is due and payable as set out in Box 9.

(b) Each installment of the Lump Sum shall be fully and irrevocably earned at
the moment it is due as set out in Box 9 …

(c) All monies due and payable to the [claimant] under this Agreement shall be
paid without any discount, deduction, set-off, lien, claim or counterclaim.

[emphasis in original]

37 Accordingly, the Advance Payment was an upfront payment that was due and
irrevocably earned three days after the Second Agreement was entered into (ie,
noon time on 16 January 2023). It was not tied to the attainment of any stage
in the anticipated discharge operation, and there was no condition precedent
for the Advance Payment to become due and owing. Hence, I reject the
defendant’s argument that the Advance Payment was not earned yet because the
claimant did not successfully discharge cargo holds 3, 4 and 5 to the lowest
possible tier before semi solid / slurry / sludge level.

38 The defendant has not raised any other matter to explain why it persists in
refusing to pay the remaining US$275,000 of the Advance Payment. Consequently,
I find that the claimant is entitled to claim US$275,000 under invoice no.
BJSESB/PG/094/23 and contractual interest at the rate of 1.5% per month for
late payment of this invoice (see [12] above).

Claim for 2nd Stage Instalment

39 A similar line of reasoning can be applied to challenge the claimant’s
entitlement to the 2nd Stage Instalment. The parties had pegged the payment of
this amount to the completion of discharge of dry Cargo from cargo holds 1 and
2 (see [11(b)] and [36] above). Although this was achieved for cargo hold 2,
it is common ground that the dry Cargo in cargo hold 1 was not fully
discharged. On a plain reading of Boxes 9 and 11, and Clause 10 of the Second
Agreement, the 2nd Stage Instalment was not due and irrevocably earned.

40 In my view, the claimant has not satisfactorily explained or pointed to any
term in the Second Agreement that allows it to claim the 2nd Stage Instalment
in spite of it only managing to discharge part of the Cargo in cargo hold 1.
It is arguable that the claimant bore the risk of unexpected difficulties
affecting the discharge of Cargo from cargo hold 1.

41 In any event, the defendant has adduced evidence that it was possible to
continue discharging from cargo hold 1, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Jiang’s Affidavit at paras 17-18 and p20.

and there are triable issues as to whether the discharge operations could have
continued, and if not, whether it was caused by the defendant’s failure to
appoint a SW Contractor. It therefore follows that the defendant has a prima
facie defence to the claim for the 2nd Stage Instalment.

Claim under the Variation Orders

42 At the hearing before me, the claimant’s counsel clarified that the claim
under the Variation Orders were not being made pursuant to the Second
Agreement, but under a separate agreement made through the defendant’s
repeated assurances to the claimant that it would pay the full Advance
Payment. However, the claimant did not plead the existence of any separate
agreement, and instead the relevant paragraphs in the statement of claim read:

12.18 On about 3 March 2023, the [claimant] also sent invoice BJSESB/PG/096/23
in the sum of USD 30,000 being variation order for period 14 February 2023 to
28 February 2023.

…

12.20 On about 28 March 2023, the [claimant] issued invoice BJSESB/PG/098/23
in the sum of USD 20,000 being variation order of standby machinery for period
1 March 2023 to 28 March 2023.

43 Where a party seeks to rely on an agreement for its claim, the party
should, aside from pleading the existence of the agreement, give particulars
of the date of the alleged agreement, the names of all parties to it, whether
it was made orally or in writing, in the former case stating by whom it was
made and in the latter case identifying the document, and in all cases setting
out the relevant terms relied on: see Arovin Ltd and another v Hadiran
Sridjaja [2018] SGHC(I) 9 at [3].

44 In the present case, the claimant did not properly plead and particularise
its claim under the Variation Orders, much less the separate agreement
purportedly underlying these Variation Orders. There are also no
contemporaneous documents in the affidavits to support the existence of the
alleged separate agreement. The defendant has thus established a prima facie
defence to the claim under the Variation Orders.

Claims for the Tug’s standby charges and the Indemnity

45 Under the BIMCO Wreckstage 2010 form, the parties are to specify who is to
bear the cost of an assisting tug deemed necessary by the contractor: see The
Law of Tug and Tow and Offshore Contracts at para 10.76. Under the Second
Agreement, it appears that the parties intended for the claimant to shoulder
the cost of an assisting tug. This is borne out by the following:

(a) Box 12, which allowed the parties to state who is responsible for the cost
of an assisting tug, had the typewritten words, “Not applicable”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Nurul’s Affidavit at p97.

(b) Pursuant to clause 4 and Annex I of the Second Agreement, the claimant
agreed to deploy, as part of the Lump Sum price, “one (1) unit shallow draft
work boat”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Ibid at pp98 and 109.

It is not disputed that the Tug was the “shallow draft work boat” deployed
under the Second Agreement.

46 The claimant sought to claim the Tug’s standby charges under clause 21(b)
of the Second Agreement, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Statement of claim at paras 17-23.

which reads as follows:

21\. Pollution

….

(b) The [defendant] shall indemnify and hold the [claimant] harmless in
respect of any and all consequences of any pollution which results from any
discharge or escape of any pollutant from the Vessel except where such
pollution arises as a consequence of the negligence of the [claimant] …

47 Leaving aside the fact that the Second Agreement contemplated that the
claimant was to bear the cost of the Tug, clause 21(b) only operates to cover
the consequences of pollution that resulted from a discharge or escape of
pollutant from the Vessel. There is no evidence of such pollution, and it
appeared that the Tug was on standby due to the impasse between the parties
over the defendant’s refusal to pay the balance of the Advance Payment and
appoint a SW Contractor (see paragraph [16] above).

48 The claimant’s claim for an Indemnity in respect of any claim by the
Malaysian Marine Department is also premised on clause 21(b) of the Second
Agreement, and similarly faces the difficulty of there being no evidence of
pollution from the Vessel.

49 For these reasons, I am satisfied that the defendant has a prima facie
defence to the claims for the Tug’s standby charges and the Indemnity.

Appropriate orders in this case

50 Having found that the defendant has a prima facie defence in respect of all
the claims except the sum of US$275,000 due as part of the Advance Payment, I
now consider how the court’s discretion should be exercised in determining the
appropriate orders to make in respect of the Default Judgment.

51 The length of delay in this case was around 3 months, from the time the
Default Judgment was entered (ie on, 7 June 2023) to the time that the
defendant sought permission from the court to file the setting aside
application (ie, on 12 September 2023). This cannot, by any stretch, be
described as an extended period of delay.

52 As for the reasons for the delay, the defendant explained that its
registered address in Hong Kong was not its place of business, and the
defendant’s staff did not receive any originating process from the
receptionist at the registered address. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Jiang’s Affidavit at para 25.

The defendant was only aware of the existence of present legal proceedings
when it received a copy of the Default Judgment by registered post in Hong
Kong on or about 13 June 2023. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Letter from CTLC Law Corporation dated 12 September 2023.

Thereafter, time was required for the defendant to investigate the matter and
appoint Singapore solicitors. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Ibid.

These reasons do not show the defendant’s inaction to be a deliberate
litigation strategy.

53 The assessment of damages proceedings in OC 258 are also at a relatively
early stage, being the disclosure of documents. Any prejudice suffered by the
claimant in the form of work that will be wasted or superseded by the setting
aside of the Default Judgment can be adequately met by an appropriate order as
to costs.

54 Balancing the factors mentioned above, I find it just to set aside the
entire Default Judgment, save for the claim for US$275,000 under invoice no.
BJSESB/PG/094/23 and contractual interest on this sum. Judgment should
continue to stand for the latter, as it is severable from the other claims
(ie, it concerns a different defence) and there are no triable issues raised.

55 In the circumstances, I will vary the Default Judgment in the following
terms:

(a) Judgment is entered against the defendant in favour of the claimant for
the sum of US$275,000 in respect of invoice no. BJSESB/PG/094/23;

(b) Judgment is entered for the sum of US$12,375, being the contractual
interest at the rate of 1.5% per month from March to May 2023, and continuing
at US$4,125 per month until the date of final payment; and

(c) The claimant’s costs of and incidental to the Default Judgment are
reserved, pending the determination of the remaining claims in OC 258.

56 I will also direct the defendant to file its notice of intention to contest
or not contest by 4.00 pm on 3 January 2024. The Registry is to fix a
Registrar’s Case Conference to deal with the consequential directions on
pleadings.

Conclusion

57 For the foregoing reasons, I substantially allow the defendant’s
application in SUM 3046.

58 On the issue of costs, the parties are to file written submissions not
exceeding five pages by 4.00 pm on 3 January 2024. The parties are to take
heed of the Court of Appeal’s observation in Mercurine at [105] that it is
typically the defendant who bears the costs of an application to set aside a
default judgment which was regularly obtained.

59 Finally, it remains for me to thank counsel for their helpful submissions.

Navin Anand  
Assistant Registrar

Tan Hui Tsing and Abiramee Ghandhidass (DennisMathiew) for the claimant;  
Ong Sie Hou Raymond (CTLC Law Corporation) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Dec 2023 (10:03 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

