Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 1

Originating Summons No 1092 of 2021

Wingcrown Investment Pte Ltd  
---  
  
Between

  
… Plaintiff

And

Mannepalli Gayatri Ram  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Damages] — [Assessment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wingcrown Investment Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Mannepalli Gayatri Ram

[2023] SGHC 1

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summons No 1092 of 2021  
See Kee Oon J  
19 July, 27 October 2022

3 January 2023

See Kee Oon

Introduction

1 The plaintiff’s claim in HC/OS 1092/2021 (“the OS”) was brought in relation
to a sale and purchase agreement dated 2 July 2018 (“the SPA”) that was
entered into between the parties in respect of a condominium unit (“the
Property”) at 105 Prince Charles Crescent, The Crest, Singapore 159019 (“the
Development”).

2 The plaintiff and defendant were the vendor and purchaser respectively of
the Property. The plaintiff was also the developer of the Development.
Following the defendant’s failure to complete the sale and purchase of the
Property, the plaintiff commenced the OS to recover possession of the Property
and claim damages. The plaintiff obtained a declaration in the General
Division of the High Court that the SPA was validly terminated on 17 August
2021. The hearing before me was concerned solely with the issue of how damages
were to be assessed (“the AD hearing”). The plaintiff estimated that the
quantum of damages it would be entitled to would exceed $500,000.

3 I assessed that the plaintiff was entitled to damages amounting to
$720,960.84. The defendant has appealed and I now furnish the full reasons for
my decision, incorporating the oral remarks which I had previously delivered.

Background and procedural history

4 The background facts are not controversial. The chronological sequence of
the key events is set out in the plaintiff’s written submissions which were
filed at the conclusion of the hearing. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) dated 15 August 2022 at paras 1 to 18.

5 The SPA arose from the defendant’s intended purchase of the Property for the
agreed sale price of $3.089m. An Option to Purchase (“OTP”) was issued by the
plaintiff to the defendant on 4 June 2018. On payment of the option fee of
$308,900, being 10% of the sale price of the Property, the defendant exercised
the OTP on 2 July 2018 and the parties entered into the SPA.

6 Pursuant to cl 1 of the SPA, the sale and purchase was scheduled for
completion on 4 June 2020. Prior to completion, the defendant was allowed to
take early possession of the Property from 27 July 2018. However, completion
did not take place even after several extensions of the scheduled completion
date. The defendant made nine requests for extension of time since April 2020.

7 On 26 July 2021, the plaintiff’s solicitors (“Dentons”) gave notice to the
defendant pursuant to Condition 15 of the Law Society Conditions of Sale 2012
(the “LSS Conditions”) to complete the sale and purchase of the Property by 16
August 2021, in accordance with the terms of the SPA (the “Notice to
Complete”). On 18 August 2021, as the defendant did not meet the deadline
stipulated in the Notice to Complete, Dentons notified him that the SPA had
been terminated on 17 August 2021 and that the plaintiff was entitled to
exercise all its rights under cl 5A.2.3 of the SPA and Condition 15 of the LSS
Conditions. The plaintiff requested the defendant to deliver up possession of
the Property as soon as possible and in any event no later than 4pm on 20
August 2021. The 20 August 2021 deadline was subsequently extended to 8
October 2021.

8 After having already been given an extension of the initial 20 August 2021
deadline, the defendant still did not deliver up possession of the Property by
8 October 2021. Hence, the defendant was informed on 8 October 2021 that the
plaintiff would commence legal proceedings. On 26 October 2021, the plaintiff
commenced the OS seeking, inter alia, a declaration that the SPA had been
validly terminated on 17 August 2021 and an order for the defendant to deliver
up possession of the Property in accordance with the terms and conditions of
the SPA.

9 On 18 January 2022, the General Division of the High Court declared that the
SPA was validly terminated on 17 August 2021. By way of an Order of Court
(HC/ORC 368/2022), it was further ordered that:

(a) the plaintiff is entitled to enter into possession of the Property;

(b) the defendant shall deliver possession of the Property to the plaintiff in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the SPA within one month from the
date of the order;

(c) the defendant shall pay to the plaintiff all outstanding maintenance
charges due in respect of the Property and late payment interest at 12% per
annum thereon with the quantum to be assessed by the Court together with the
other forms of damages to be assessed;

(d) the defendant shall pay to the plaintiff damages arising from the
defendant’s breach of contract to be assessed by the Court;

(e) the defendant shall pay to the plaintiff interest on the damages assessed
by the Court; and

(f) the defendant shall pay to the plaintiff costs of $7,500 being the costs
of the application inclusive of disbursements.

10 The defendant did not adhere to the one-month deadline stipulated by the
Court for the delivery of possession of the Property. Instead, the defendant
applied on 24 February 2022 in HC/SUM 740/2022 (“SUM 740”) to seek an
extension of time to 27 February 2022 to comply with the order to deliver up
possession of the Property.

11  The Court granted the application in SUM 740 on 25 February 2022 with
costs to the plaintiff. The defendant was also found liable for the necessary
costs of the handover (including any overtime expenses of the plaintiff’s
staff), and costs arising from the plaintiff’s attempts to take possession of
the Property prior to the date of the hearing, the quantum for which would be
decided at the AD hearing.

12 The defendant delivered up possession of the Property to the plaintiff on
27 February 2022. The plaintiff alleged that, in breach of its obligations
under the SPA, the defendant had failed and/or refused to reinstate and
restore the Property to its original state and condition as at 30 July 2018,
the date of vacant possession as defined in the SPA (“Vacant Possession
Date”). The plaintiff hence engaged several contractors to carry out
reinstatement works before proceeding to market and sell the Property.

13 On 31 May 2022, the plaintiff issued another purchaser (the “Replacement
Purchaser”) an Option to Purchase (the “New OTP”). The Replacement Purchaser
duly exercised the New OTP. Completion of the sale of the Property to the
Replacement Purchaser had taken place by the time I delivered judgment on 27
October 2022.

14 The parties relied on the evidence of one witness each in the AD hearing,
namely the defendant and Mr Koh Chin Beng (“Mr Koh”), who testified as the
plaintiff’s sole witness. Mr Koh was a senior sales manager of Wing Tai
Property Management Pte Ltd, which was appointed by the plaintiff to provide,
inter alia, marketing services to the plaintiff in respect of the units in the
Development.

The plaintiff’s claim

15 The breakdown of the amounts claimed by the plaintiff is set out as
follows, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Based on PWS para 19.

alongside the defendant’s position in response:

S/N| ITEM| QUANTUM (Plaintiff’s position)| QUANTUM(Defendant’s position)  
---|---|---|---  
1| Management fund charges and late payment interest | $6,337.79| Undisputed  
2| Property tax | $3,701.91| Undisputed  
3| Legal costs | $100,268.37| Disputed as to indemnity costs  
4| Costs of reinstatement works | $103,915.48| Disputed – quantum to be reduced  
5| Costs arising out of the plaintiff’s attempts to take over possession of the Property and eventual taking over possession of the Property | $1,845.85| Undisputed  
6| Damages for the delayed sale and purchase of the Property | $286,962.27| Disputed as to double rent and set-off  
7| Interest on shareholders’ loan | $168,709.33| Disputed  
8| Unnecessary expenses | $100,981.64| Disputed  
| Total| $772,722.64 |   
  
16 Of these eight heads of claim as tabulated above, the defendant did not
dispute the three lowest-valued claims (Items 1, 2 and 5) totalling just below
$12,000. This was the only inference open to me since nothing was said in the
defendant’s written submissions and reply submissions 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s Submissions dated 15 August 2022 (“DS”) and Defendant’s Reply
Submissions dated 27 September 2022 (“DRS”).

in relation to these three claims. I saw no reason to disallow these claims.
The other five claims (Items 3, 4, 6, 7 and 8) were disputed (“the disputed
claims”).

Issues to be determined

17 The defendant’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief contained various
allegations of the plaintiff’s harassment, hostility and animosity towards
him, after he had been informed of the plaintiff’s intention to terminate the
SPA. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Mannepalli Gayatri Ram dated 17 June 2022
(“Defendant’s AEIC”), eg. at paras 12, 15, 22, 24, 28, 29 and 30.

The defendant also mentioned his family’s personal circumstances including the
stress and anxiety he and his family had experienced throughout the relevant
period leading up to their vacating the Property. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s AEIC at paras 16 and 17.

While I empathised with the defendant’s predicament resulting from the
unfortunate turn of events, I was unable to give weight to any of these
considerations in assessing the appropriate measure of damages.

18 At the outset, I should point out that much of the background facts in the
parties’ respective affidavit evidence and oral testimony were material to the
AD hearing only for a contextual understanding of the disputed claims, given
the Court’s prior finding on 18 January 2022 that the plaintiff had validly
terminated the SPA. The plaintiff was only enforcing its contractual
entitlement to its legal rights. The totality of the background facts
demonstrated that the plaintiff had granted the defendant considerable
latitude for a substantial duration, including allowance for multiple
extensions of the scheduled completion date well beyond 4 June 2020. Moreover,
the defendant had been in possession of the Property since July 2018 for some
43 months before he eventually delivered up possession on 27 February 2022.

19 The AD hearing before me was to determine the appropriate quantum of
damages to be awarded to the plaintiff. The issues to be determined therefore
pertained to whether the plaintiff had proved its entitlement to the sums in
the disputed claims, viz:

(a) legal costs quantified at $100,268.37;

(b) costs of reinstatement work quantified at $103,915.48;

(c) damages for the delayed sale and purchase of the Property quantified at
$286,962.27;

(d) interest on shareholders’ loan quantified at $168,709.33; and

(e) unnecessary expenses quantified at $100,981.64.

20 As the legal principles pertaining to the award of compensatory damages for
contractual breaches are well-settled, I do not propose to elaborate on them.
It will suffice to note that the defendant had framed the broad issues to be
determined as being questions of remoteness of damage and causation. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DS at paras 10 to 14.

Where relevant and necessary, I will touch on the legal principles for
specific claims in question in due course.

Item 3 – Legal costs: S$100,268.37

21 With respect to the claim for legal costs in Item 3, the plaintiff based
its claim on cl 5A.2.3 of the SPA which provides:

In the event that the [defendant] breaches any conditions set out in Clause
5A.2.1 or if the sale and purchase of the Property is not completed for any
reason whatsoever on the Completion Date or if this Agreement is terminated
pursuant to Clause 5.4, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies
which may have accrued in the [plaintiff’s] favour:-

…

(b) … the [defendant] shall indemnify the [plaintiff] from and against all
claims, actions, liabilities, demands, legal proceedings, damages, losses,
costs and expenses (including all legal and other costs, charges and expenses)
on a full indemnity basis arising from the [defendant] being in early
possession, the said vacating of the Property and the said reinstatement of
the Property …

[emphasis added]

22 Notwithstanding the plain language contained within cl 5A.2.3, the
defendant submitted that the plaintiff’s claim for legal costs “on an
indemnity basis” was baseless. The defendant relied on CDM and another v CDP
[2021] 2 SLR 235 (“CDM”) at [56] in support of his argument that the plaintiff
had not provided any basis for costs to be awarded on an indemnity basis. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DS at para 37.

23 In the defendant’s reply submissions, the defendant’s argument appeared to
shift substantially. CDM was no longer cited. Instead, the defendant
highlighted that Hoo Sheau Peng J, who heard the OS on 18 January 2022 and
determined that the SPA had been validly terminated, had already awarded costs
of $7,500 inclusive of disbursements to the plaintiff. However, the plaintiff
had not relied on any claim based on a contractual indemnity (arising from cl
5A.2.3 of the SPA) at the hearing before Hoo J. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

DRS at paras 2 to 3.

24 The defendant cited CGG v CGH [2021] 2 SLR 1091 (“CGG”) to support his
submission that since the plaintiff did not raise and rely on cl 5A.2.3 during
the hearing before Hoo J, the plaintiff should not be allowed to make the
contractual claim for indemnity costs “to avoid manifest injustice”. The
plaintiff should therefore be estopped from making such a claim, and seeking
indemnity costs at the AD hearing was “in essence a res judicata, an abuse of
process”. It would be a “double claim” as costs for all prior work done
“should be rightly claimed as costs of the application” before Hoo J. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DRS at paras 7 to 9.

25 In CGG, the Appellate Division of the High Court (“ADHC”) considered a
claim for indemnity costs based on a contractual provision, where the
appellant’s entitlement to rely on the said provision had already arisen at a
prior hearing in the lower court. The ADHC applied the rule laid down in
Maryani Sadeli v Arjun Permanand Samtani and another and other appeals [2015]
1 SLR 496 (“Maryani”) that unrecovered costs in prior proceedings could not be
the subject of a subsequent claim for damages. The ADHC clarified in CGG at
[16] that “the law on costs makes no distinction of principle between a claim
for costs as damages and a claim for costs based on a primary payment
obligation”. On the facts in CGG, the ADHC observed that the appellant’s claim
was in substance one for unrecovered legal costs, and thus the rule in Maryani
would apply to preclude the appellant’s claim.

26 Reverting to the present case, with respect, the defendant’s submission
reflected a fundamental misconception on his part. To begin with, the hearing
of the OS was bifurcated, with the AD hearing before me only proceeding after
the Court had found that the SPA was validly terminated by the plaintiff. As
such, the plaintiff’s arguments as to its entitlement to rely on the
contractual indemnity provision in cl 5A.2.3 of the SPA would only have arisen
at the AD hearing, and not during the initial hearing to determine whether the
SPA had been validly terminated.

27 The plaintiff did not purport to invoke the Court’s discretionary power to
order costs at the AD hearing, and hence the defendant’s reliance on CGG or
Maryani was wholly misplaced. The plaintiff’s claim was premised on its
contractual entitlement pursuant to cl 5A.2.3 of the SPA. The provision is
worded in clear and unambiguous terms. At the AD stage, the plaintiff was
fully justified in seeking to be indemnified for reasonable and necessary
legal costs that had been expended. There was no reason why the parties’
contractual agreement on indemnity costs ought to be overridden, and there was
no “manifest injustice” that the defendant was able to point to in any case.
There was no relevant issue of res judicata or issue estoppel, much less any
question of abuse of process or double-claiming, to prevent the plaintiff from
making its claim.

28 I was satisfied that the quantum of $100,268.37 claimed by the plaintiff
was supported by the invoices from Dentons that the plaintiff had adduced
through Mr Koh. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Koh Chin Beng dated 17 June 2022 (“Koh’s
AEIC”) at pp 53 to 62.

The work done as itemised in each of the invoices was appropriate in the
circumstances.

29 The plaintiff was awarded costs of $7,500 in OS 1092 and $1,500 in SUM 740.
The plaintiff clarified that the total sum of $9,000 in party-and-party costs
already awarded by the Court had been deducted from the amount it claimed,
leaving a balance sum of $100,268.37.

Item 4 – Costs of reinstatement works: $103,915.48

30 This claim was again based on cl 5A.2.3 of the SPA which further provides
as follows:

In the event that the [defendant] breaches any conditions set out in Clause
5A.2.1 or if the sale and purchase of the Property is not completed for any
reason whatsoever on the Completion Date or if this Agreement is terminated
pursuant to Clause 5.4, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies
which may have accrued in the [plaintiff’s] favour:-

…

(b) if so required by the [plaintiff], the [defendant] shall reinstate and
restore the Property to the [plaintiff’s] satisfaction at the [defendant’s]
sole cost and expense, to its original state and condition as at the Vacant
Possession Date (fair wear and tear excepted) and complete such reinstatement
and restoration works within such period as the [plaintiff] may notify the
[defendant] in writing.

31 It was undisputed that no reinstatement or restoration works were done by
the defendant prior to delivering up possession of the Property to the
plaintiff on 27 February 2022. According to Mr Koh, the Property was delivered
up to the plaintiff in a “bad state”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 July 2022 (“Transcript”) at p 23 line 30 to p 24
line 4.

The plaintiff thus engaged its own contractors to carry out the reinstatement
works. The defendant did not dispute that costs were incurred for
reinstatement works but submitted that the quantum should be adjusted “due to
the fact that the defendant was not allowed the opportunity to reinstate the
Property to its original condition”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

DS at para 42.

The defendant further suggested that he had not been given sufficient time to
effect the reinstatement works, and had more time been permitted, he could
“probably” have done so. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Transcript at p 55 lines 22 to 31.

32 The defendant’s arguments were clearly untenable. The documentary evidence
showed that he was given at least three opportunities from August 2021 to
February 2022 to carry out the reinstatement works. Dentons wrote to the
defendant’s then-solicitors (CrossBorders LLC) on 18 August 2021, requesting
him to “deliver up possession of the Property in the original state and
condition as at Vacant Possession Date (as defined in the SPA) (fair wear and
tear excepted) …”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1st Affidavit of Koh Chin Beng dated 26 October 2021 (“Koh’s 1st affidavit”)
at p 130.

On 5 October 2021, Dentons wrote directly to the defendant to make a similar
request. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Koh’s 1st affidavit at p 154.

On 16 February 2022, Dentons wrote to the defendant’s present solicitors
(Kishan Law Chambers LLC) making a similar request and specifying that the
defendant was to complete such reinstatement and restoration works by 21
February 2022. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendant’s AEIC at p 19.

33 I did not accept that the defendant did not have sufficient opportunity or
time to carry out the reinstatement works to restore the Property to its
original state and condition as at the Vacant Possession Date. It was patently
clear that he had stoutly resisted the plaintiff’s various demands to deliver
up possession of the Property. Evidently, he did not see it fit to carry out
any reinstatement or restoration works either. Even if the parties had been
attempting some negotiations up until October 2021 to resolve the issue of
completion of the sale and purchase, it would have been obvious by the time
the plaintiff commenced the OS on 26 October 2021 that any prior negotiations
had been unproductive.

34 The defendant eventually had to be compelled to deliver up possession by a
court order on 18 January 2022, declaring that the SPA was validly terminated
on 17 August 2021. Even then, he still had over a month to reinstate the
Property but failed to do so before delivering up possession of the Property
on 27 February 2022. In fairness, I accepted that some COVID-19-related
restrictions may have been operative at the time to limit the number of people
allowed to enter the Property. Nevertheless, I did not see how, other than
from the defendant’s bare assertion, these limitations would necessarily have
precluded him from making the appropriate arrangements for reinstatement.

35 Clause 5A.2.3 of the SPA obliges the defendant to reinstate the Property to
its original state and condition, excepting damage from fair wear and tear.
There was no evidence from the defendant that any of the damage to the
Property that the plaintiff had to rectify was the result of fair wear and
tear. I accepted the plaintiff’s submission that the burden of establishing
this lay on the defendant as the tenant: see Brown v Davies [1958] 1 QB 117.
The defendant did not discharge this burden. He also did not dispute that
fixtures and items were left behind in the Property and were not removed.
According to the plaintiff, these included, among various items, (a) a
partition wall, loft structure, additional doors, and a fixed panel in the
living hall; (b) additional cabinets in the study, kitchen and utility rooms;
and (c) modifications to the electrical system and distribution box. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PWS at para 85.

There was also damage to the floors, doors, and wardrobe, among other areas or
items. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PWS at para 86.

36 The defendant had made no effort whatsoever to comply with cl 5A.2.3 of the
SPA and had adduced no evidence as to any alternative lower or more
competitive costing for the reinstatement works done. In any event, I was
satisfied that the plaintiff had done its due diligence and obtained
quotations from different contractors before appointing the various selected
contractors to carry out the reinstatement works. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Koh’s AEIC at paras 36–42.

There was nothing to suggest that these quotations (and the corresponding
invoices for the actual work done) were for unreasonably inflated sums or that
the costs were unnecessarily incurred. Hence, I allowed the plaintiff’s
claimed quantum for this item.

Item 6 – Damages for the delayed sale and purchase of the Property:
$286,962.27

37 The plaintiff’s claim for damages for the delayed sale and purchase covered
the period from 5 June 2020 to 30 August 2022. The claim comprised: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PWS at para 97.

(a) monthly rent of $8,622 for the period from 5 June 2020 to 16 August 2021
(totalling $124,008.46), the period when the defendant occupied the Property
despite failing to complete the sale and purchase on 4 June 2020;

(b) double rent from 17 August 2021 to 27 February 2022 (totalling
$111,192.01), the period when the SPA was validly terminated and the defendant
continued to remain in the Property; and

(c) monthly rent from 28 February 2022 to 30 August 2022 (totalling
$51,761.80), the period when the Property was sold to the Replacement
Purchaser up to the completion date of the resale.

38 The defendant’s primary contention was that he was not liable for this head
of damages as he was “never a tenant, and tenant-landlord relationship did not
exist”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DS at para 23; DRS at para 10.

He did not dispute that he was granted early possession of the Property in
July 2018 pursuant to the SPA but denied any basis for the claims in rental
and double rent. In addition, he maintained that the plaintiff had not proved
that it had suffered any losses due to his failure to complete the sale and
purchase but had instead managed to sell the Property at a higher price,
making a profit of $391,000. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DRS at para 11.

39 I turn first to the defendant’s contention that he was not liable for
damages since he was “never a tenant”. This plainly ignored the fact that he
had enjoyed early possession prior to completion, but was de facto a
trespasser since he had failed to complete the sale and purchase by the
stipulated final date for completion after having taken possession of the
Property since July 2018. It was not disputed that the defendant did not own
any other residence in Singapore. But for being in possession of the Property,
he would have had to incur the expense of renting some other residence.

40 The defendant did not pursue any arguments relating to the implications of
any COVID-related legislation in his closing submissions or reply submissions.
Nevertheless, I noted that notwithstanding that s 5 of the COVID-19 (Temporary
Measures) Act 2020 (“the COVID-19 Act”) provided temporary relief in respect
of the performance of certain prescribed contracts, the plaintiff’s rights
would continue to accrue during the prescribed period of temporary relief,
from 20 April 2020 to 30 June 2021. This is clear from s 7A(2) of the COVID-19
Act. There was also no basis for the defendant’s suggestion that he should be
granted rental relief pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Rental
and Related Measures) Regulations 2020. As the plaintiff aptly put it, “it
cannot be the case that the defendant would be entitled to stay in the
Property free of charge during this period”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PWS at para 107.

41 As for the plaintiff’s claim for double rent, this related only to the
duration when the defendant continued occupying the Property after the SPA was
validly terminated on 17 August 2021, up to 27 February 2022. I agreed with
the plaintiff that for this duration, the defendant was in a position akin to
a tenant who had held over after the determination of the tenancy. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PWS at para 109.

He had full knowledge that the plaintiff had terminated the SPA on 17 August
2021 and that he could no longer claim any right to remain in possession of
the Property. Hence, he would be liable to double rent under s 28(4) of the
Civil Law Act 1909 (2020 Rev Ed), which provides:

Every tenant holding over after the determination of his tenancy shall be
chargeable, at the option of his landlord, with double the amount of his rent
until possession is given up by him or with double the value during the period
of detention of the land or premises so detained, whether notice to that
effect has been given or not.

42 Next, I examine the period from 28 February 2022 to 30 August 2022, the
date of completion of the resale to the Replacement Purchaser. I had addressed
this point in slightly more detail in delivering my oral remarks on 27 October
2022. I include my analysis in this grounds of decision only for completeness,
since my rejection of the plaintiff’s claim in this connection is not the
subject of the defendant’s appeal.

43 The plaintiff based its claim on an award of Wrotham Park damages (see
Wrotham Park Estate Co Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd [1974] 1 WLR 798 (“Wrotham
Park”)), which seek to protect the plaintiff’s interest in the performance of
the contract. The plaintiff further relied on Condition 15.10(c) of the LSS
Conditions which entitles the vendor to retain any surplus money from the
resale of the Property. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PBD”) Tab 1.

The SPA did not exclude the operation of Condition 15.10(c).

44 I noted that the defendant had not offered any direct response to the
plaintiff’s reliance on Wrotham Park or Condition 15.10(c) in the reply
submissions. Nonetheless, despite the absence of any countervailing arguments
from the defendant, I assessed that the plaintiff’s claim for Wrotham Park
damages was without merit.

45 On basic compensatory principles, the plaintiff should be placed in a
position as if the contract had been performed, and be compensated for its
expectation loss. By the operation of Condition 15.10(c) of the LSS
Conditions, the plaintiff was entitled to retain its profit from the resale,
without having to account to the defendant. However, there was no necessary
corollary that the profit gained is irrelevant in assessing the plaintiff’s
claim to be entitled to Wrotham Park damages. At any rate, the plaintiff had
not pointed to any authority suggesting otherwise.

46 I was not persuaded that this is a suitable case for the award of Wrotham
Park damages. In Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua
and others and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 655 (“Turf Club”), the Court of
Appeal had made it clear (at [177]) that Wrotham Park damages are a limited
and exceptional remedy. In the present case, orthodox compensatory damages
based on the plaintiff’s expectation loss were in theory available. As such,
the first requirement specified by the Court of Appeal in Turf Club (at [217])
was not satisfied. In this connection, it was undisputed that the Replacement
Purchaser had agreed to buy the Property at a substantially higher price than
what the defendant had previously agreed to. The profit from resale far
outstripped the Wrotham Park damages claimed. The plaintiff had thus
successfully mitigated its loss. By its own admission, no discernible actual
loss was suffered. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PWS at para 115.

Thus, there was no basis for the plaintiff’s claim of Wrotham Park damages as
compensation for loss of its performance interest, when it had successfully
obtained substitute performance at a considerable profit instead. In short,
there was no remedial lacuna to fill (see [215] of Turf Club).

47 The second requirement outlined in Turf Club (at [217]) is that there
should, as a general rule, be a breach of a restrictive or negative covenant.
This clearly was not made out on the facts. The plaintiff conceded that the
damages sought relate instead to a positive covenant on the defendant’s part
to complete the sale and purchase. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PWS at para 117.

The plaintiff had not pointed to any precedent for extending Wrotham Park
damages to such a factual context, or for that matter, to apply to a positive
covenant.

48 The plaintiff submitted that it was nonetheless reasonable for the Court to
award Wrotham Park damages since the plaintiff could conceivably have accepted
a reasonable sum to release the defendant from its positive obligation, and
the Court can construct a hypothetical bargain between the parties. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PWS at para 117.

This is the third requirement laid down by the Court of Appeal in Turf Club
(at [217]).

49 In support of the proposition on a “hypothetical bargain”, the plaintiff
highlighted that the parties had previously agreed to delay completion on the
condition that the defendant pays late completion interest. With respect, I
found this argument unconvincing and contrived in the context of this case,
since the defendant had already breached the sale and purchase by his failure
to complete. It was unrealistic and irrational to speak of a “hypothetical
bargain” (presumably, to release the defendant from the obligation to complete
the sale and purchase) when the defendant was already in breach and had
delivered up possession. As the plaintiff conceded, there was no continuing
benefit to the defendant and no discernible loss to the plaintiff. Hence, the
third requirement outlined by the Court of Appeal in Turf Club was also not
met.

50 To my mind, the three requirements laid down by the Court of Appeal in Turf
Club are conjunctive. The plaintiff had failed to establish that all three
requirements had been fulfilled. I therefore allowed the plaintiff’s claim for
damages for the delayed sale and purchase of the Property but excluded the sum
of $51,761.80 claimed as Wrotham Park damages. The plaintiff was thus only
entitled to a reduced sum of $235,200.47.

Item 7 – Interest on shareholders’ loan: $168,709.33

51 The plaintiff claimed the additional interest on shareholders’ loans as a
result of the defendant’s failure to complete the sale and purchase. This was
the interest cost incurred arising from financing obtained by the plaintiff
from its shareholders to fund the construction of the Development. The
interest rate on the shareholders’ loan was 3% per annum, compounded monthly,
translating into $168,709.33 being the interest on the outstanding amount of
the purchase price of the Property for the period from 5 June 2020 (after the
original completion date) to 25 May 2022, when the loan was fully paid using
the funds obtained from the sale and purchase of other units in the
Development. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Koh’s AEIC at para 59.

52 The defendant did not challenge the quantum claimed but contended that the
loss was too remote. The defendant submitted that the plaintiff had to show
that the interest was incurred “but for” the defendant’s failure to complete.
In addition, the defendant was unaware that such interest might have to be
paid. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DS at paras 15 and 21.

53 The short answer to the defendant’s contention was that even if the
defendant did not have actual knowledge that such interest might be payable,
it was within the defendant’s reasonable contemplation that the plaintiff
would incur financing costs for any delay in completion or failure to
complete. In this connection, the plaintiff cited the Court of Appeal decision
in Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd and another
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“Robertson Quay”). In Robertson Quay, the owner and
developer of a hotel claimed for loss and damage suffered for the delay in the
construction of the hotel, including loans from shareholders, related
entities, and financial institutions. The hotel owner’s claim was dismissed on
the facts, but the Court of Appeal nevertheless observed thus (at [91]):

[W]e are of the view that third-party financing of the costs of construction
in large, commercial construction projects is inevitable in this day and age,
and, accordingly, the parties to such a project, as reasonable people, must be
imputed with the knowledge that a delay in completion would certainly give
rise to additional financing costs. Consequently, we do not see why …
additional interest incurred in large commercial construction projects as a
result of late completion should not, in principle, be recoverable under the
first limb of [Hadley v Baxendale].

54 The plaintiff also cited Bauer, Adam Godfrey and another v Wee Tien Liang,
deceased [2021] SGHCR 8 (“Bauer”), where a purchaser similarly failed to
complete the sale and purchase of a property. The Assistant Registrar awarded
the seller the bank interest on the mortgage loan which had been obtained to
finance the purchase of the property. Such interest would not have been
incurred had the sale and purchase of the property been completed.

55 Financing costs which the plaintiff might have had to incur for the
construction of the Development should be within the objective reasonable
contemplation of the parties, and would fall within the first limb of the
well-settled remoteness principle in Hadley v Baxendale (1854) 9 Exch 341.
Indeed, the defendant conceded in cross-examination that the need for such
financing would not have come as a surprise to him. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript at p 72 lines 1 to 8.

56 I was thus persuaded by the plaintiff’s submission that, regardless of the
state of the defendant’s actual knowledge, he should at the very least be
imputed with the knowledge that any delay in the completion of the sale and
purchase would give rise to additional financing costs given that this was a
sizeable development. The plaintiff had also produced copies of the debit
notes and invoice from the plaintiff’s shareholders in relation to the
interest charge payable as well as the plaintiff’s calculation of the interest
owed. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Koh’s AEIC at Exhibit KCB-28, pp 230 to 235.

I was satisfied that the interest cost was incurred due to the defendant’s
failure to complete.

57 Hence, I agreed with the plaintiff that the defendant was liable for this
amount. Accordingly, the plaintiff was entitled to recover such costs.

Item 8 – Unnecessary expenses: $100,981.64

58 Finally, the plaintiff claimed for expenses incurred in relation to the
sale of the Property to the defendant which were rendered unnecessary, namely:
(a) commission paid to its real estate agents 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Koh’s AEIC at Exhibit KCB-29, pp 237 to 240.

, and (b) fees paid to its conveyancing solicitors. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Koh’s AEIC at Exhibit KCB-30, pp 242 to 244.

These expenses were wasted since the defendant failed to complete the sale and
purchase.

59 The defendant suggested that these costs and expenses did not arise out of
the resale of the Property and thus were not claimable having regard to
Condition 15.10(b) of the LSS Conditions, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DS at para 35; DRS at paras 18 to 19.

which provides:

The following terms apply to the [plaintiff’s] right to re-sell the Property:

... (b) the liquidated damages payable by the [defendant] will include all
costs and expenses reasonably incurred in any such re-sale or any attempted
resale but the [plaintiff] must give credit for any deposit and any money paid
on account of the purchase price ... .

60 In addition, the defendant maintained that the plaintiff had produced no
receipts of payments to the real estate agents but only invoices. As such,
this was insufficient to show that the plaintiff had paid the amount. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DS at para 35; DRS at para 20.

61 The plaintiff relied on Essex v Daniell (1875) LR 10 CP 538, where the
purchaser of a property similarly failed to complete the purchase. In that
case, the English Divisional Court held at 553 that:

… Under ordinary circumstances, where the purchaser fails to complete, without
any default on the part of the vendor, the latter is entitled to recover all
the expenses he has incurred in preparing for the sale, and also the loss
incurred upon a re-sale, that is, the difference of price, if any. …

62 The above principle on the recoverability of unnecessary expenses incurred
was cited in McGregor on Damages (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 2021) (at para
27-038) for the proposition that the cost and expenses incurred by the seller
in preparing to complete a sale that became abortive may be recovered as
damages.

63 In my view, although the plaintiff did not produce receipts for the
invoices in question relating to the real estate agents’ commission, the
plaintiff’s representative (Mr Koh) had given evidence that the invoices were
paid. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript at p 30 lines 23 to 26.

This was also the more likely outcome in accordance with the practical
realities. On the balance of probabilities, the plaintiff would have had to
incur the costs of the real estate agents and its conveyancing solicitors in
relation to the sale and purchase of the Property. Upon the defendant’s
failure to complete the sale and purchase, these costs were wasted and the
plaintiff should be entitled to recover them.

64 I allowed this head of claim as there was sufficient evidence adduced by
the plaintiff to show that the expenses were reasonably incurred and paid.
This was consistent with the approach adopted in Bauer, where damages for an
aborted sale and purchase were awarded on the basis of invoices for the
property agent’s commission and legal fees (see Bauer at [33] to [35]).
Condition 15.10(b) of the LSS Conditions would not preclude the plaintiff’s
claim since the expenses were incurred and subsequently rendered unnecessary
because of the defendant’s failure to complete the sale and purchase.

Set-off of deposit

65 For completeness, I should add that I accepted the plaintiff’s submission
that the defendant was not entitled to set off the amount of $308,900 that was
paid by him towards the purchase price (“the deposit”). The defendant had
submitted that Condition 15.10(b) of the LSS Conditions (set out above at
[59]) required that the plaintiff give credit for the deposit paid. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DS at para 32.

66 However, in the present case, the plaintiff rightly pointed out that cl 2.1
of the SPA provides that where the terms of the SPA are in conflict with the
LSS Conditions, the former shall prevail. Specifically, cl 5.4 of the SPA
provides as follows:

The [plaintiff] has the right to treat this Agreement as having been
repudiated by the [defendant] if … [(iii)] … any of the conditions in 5A.2.1
are breached. In this connection, it is agreed as follows:-

…

(c) once this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Clause 5.4, the
[plaintiff] has the right to resell or otherwise dispose of the Property as if
this Agreement had not been entered into and, without prejudice to any other
rights or remedies available to the [Plaintiff] at law and in equity, forfeit
the Deposit.

[emphasis added]

67 Clause 5.4 read with cl 2.1 of the SPA would override Condition 15.10(b) of
the LSS Conditions, and expressly permit forfeiture of the deposit while
preserving the plaintiff’s other available rights or remedies. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PWS at paras 144 to 146; Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 27 September 2022
at para 25.

The defendant did not offer any rebuttal to this aspect of the plaintiff’s
submission in his reply submissions.

Summary of quantum of damages assessed

68 The plaintiff’s damages were therefore assessed as follows:

S/N| ITEM| QUANTUM  
---|---|---  
1| Management fund charges and late payment interest (undisputed)| $6,337.79  
2| Property tax (undisputed)| $3,701.91  
3| Legal costs | $100,268.37  
4| Costs of reinstatement works | $103,915.48  
5| Costs arising out of the Plaintiff’s attempts to take over possession of the Property and eventual taking over possession of the Property (undisputed) | $1,845.85  
6| Damages for the delayed sale and purchase of the Property | $286,962.27(less $51,761.80)  
7| Interest on shareholders’ loan | $168,709.33  
8| Unnecessary expenses | $100,981.64  
| Total| $720,960.84  
  
Costs

69 As for costs of the OS, the plaintiff had succeeded in proving virtually
all aspects of its claim and was entitled to costs on an indemnity basis in
view of cl 5A.2.3 of the SPA. The plaintiff further pointed out that the
defendant had not taken up the plaintiff’s offer to settle at $700,000, a sum
lower than the sum awarded after the AD hearing. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript at p 12 lines 9 to 29.

This offer was made after the parties had exchanged their affidavits of
evidence-in-chief, on 9 July 2022.

70 After hearing the parties’ submissions, I ordered that costs of the OS be
fixed on the indemnity basis at $45,000 to the plaintiff, with reasonable
disbursements in addition.

Conclusion

71 For the reasons set out above, I allowed the plaintiff’s claim with costs
for the various heads of damages, subject to a reduction of the quantum
claimed in respect of Item 6 (damages for the delayed sale and purchase of the
Property). The plaintiff was thus entitled to damages amounting to $720,960.84
with interest at the usual rate of 5.33% from the date of the OS to judgment.

See Kee Oon  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ng Hui Min and Mok Zi Cong (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff;

Kishan Pratap and Jasmine Yan (Kishan Law Chambers LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 Jan 2023 (14:58 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

