Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCR 4

Suit No 358 of 2022 (Summons No 482 of 2023)

Between

(1)| Cosmetic Care Asia Limited  
---|---  
(2)| OBM (Technical Services) Pte Limited  
(3)| Facial Care Services Pte Limited  
(4)| Hair System Management Pte Limited  
(5)| Global Beauty International Pte. Limited  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Sri Linarti Sasmito  
---|---  
(2)| PT Cosmeticindo Slimming Utama  
(3)| PT Cantiksindo Utama  
(4)| PT Hairindo Pratama  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Striking out]

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Striking out] — [Whether defendant can rely
on unpleaded defence]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Interpretation]

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Waiver by election] — [Inconsistent rights]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Cosmetic Care Asia Ltd and others

  
v

  

Sri Linarti Sasmito and others

[2023] SGHCR 4

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 358 of 2022 (Summons No 482 of
2023)  
Assistant Registrar Andre Sim  
3, 5 April 2023

2 May 2023 Judgment reserved.

AR Andre Sim:

Introduction

1 This is the 1st to 4th Defendants’ application under O 18 r 19(1) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”) to strike out the
entirety of the 1st to 5th Plaintiffs’ action. In brief, parties had executed
an agreement in full and final settlement of various proceedings that they had
commenced against each other in Indonesia and Singapore. In the present Suit,
the Plaintiffs allege that in breach of the said agreement, the Defendants
failed to comply with their obligations to make certain instalment payments.
The Defendants, on the other hand, claim that they were entitled to cease
payments because the Plaintiffs themselves had breached their obligations
relating to the discontinuance of certain proceedings.

2 I heard parties on the striking out application on 5 April 2023 and now set
out my decision. In gist, I find that the Defendants have not satisfactorily
established any of the grounds for striking out and I therefore dismiss the
application.

Background to the dispute

The parties

3 The 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th Plaintiffs are related companies in that they
are all wholly owned subsidiaries of the Cosmetic Care Group Limited. The 1st
Plaintiff is a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, and is in
the business of franchising and licensing, among other things, trade names,
trademarks, and specialised treatments and products for weight management,
hair and beauty care. The 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th Plaintiffs are Singapore-
incorporated companies, and provide various advisory and consultancy services
in relation to weight management, hair care and beauty care.

4 The 1st Defendant, Ms Sri Linarti Sasmito, is an Indonesian citizen. The
2nd, 3rd and 4th Defendants are Indonesian-incorporated companies
(collectively referred to as the “PT Entities”).

5 According to the Plaintiffs, the 1st Defendant is the co-founder and
shareholder, and was formerly the President Director, of the PT Entities. The
PT Entities are said to be in the business of providing health, beauty and
weight management services. These companies were purportedly franchisees and
licensees of the 1st Plaintiff, and in connection with this, had entered into
various technical assistance agreements with the 2nd, 3rd and 4th Plaintiffs.
It thus appears that there was a long-standing business relationship between
the parties, although the Defendants pleaded (without further elaboration)
that these background facts were not admitted.

Proceedings in Indonesia and Singapore

6 Around September 2019, a dispute arose between the Plaintiffs and Defendants
concerning, inter alia, amounts owed under a term sheet dated 23 April 2014
which the parties had executed.

7 In connection with this dispute, the PT Entities commenced legal proceedings
against the 1st Plaintiff in the Central Jakarta District Court on 23 January
2019 (the “1st Indonesian Proceedings”). The PT Entities alleged, inter alia,
that the 1st Plaintiff had breached an unwritten franchise agreement with
them. The action was dismissed by the Central Jakarta District Court by way of
a judgment dated 17 November 2020. The PT Entities subsequently appealed the
judgment in December 2020.

8 On 14 March 2019, the 1st Plaintiff retaliated by filing a police report
against the 2nd Defendant (the “Police Report”) with the Jakarta Raya
Metropolitan Regional Police (the “JRMR Police”) in relation to certain
trademark-related offences under Indonesian criminal law. This began a process
of police investigations, which parties refer to as the “2nd Indonesian
Proceedings”.

9 On 25 June 2019, the 1st to 4th Plaintiffs (collectively, the “Suit 617
Plaintiffs”) commenced legal proceedings in Singapore against the 1st
Defendant. In High Court Suit No. 617 of 2019 (“Suit 617”), the Suit 617
Plaintiffs claimed, inter alia, the sum of IDR 8,221,181,489 against the 1st
Defendant based on an acknowledgment of debt dated 18 May 2018 (the “AOD”).
The 1st Defendant subsequently filed Summons No 5867 of 2019 to challenge the
validity of service of the originating process on her out of jurisdiction in
Indonesia. The application was, however, dismissed and the 1st Defendant then
appealed to the Court of Appeal by way of Civil Appeal No 13 of 2021 (“CA
13”).

The Settlement Agreement

10 In an effort to amicably resolve these legal proceedings and police
investigations, parties decided to enter into a settlement agreement dated 20
August 2021 (the “Settlement Agreement”). This agreement was to be in full and
final settlement of the 1st and 2nd Indonesian Proceedings, as well as Suit
617. It bears mention that even though the 5th Plaintiff was not a party to
any of these prior proceedings, it was nevertheless a contracting party to the
Settlement Agreement. The following naming conventions were used in the said
agreement:

(a) The Plaintiffs were collectively referred to as the “GB Parties”, with the
1st to 4th Plaintiffs referred to as the “Suit 617 Plaintiffs”.

(b) The Defendants were collectively referred to as the “Indonesian Parties”,
with the 2nd to 4th Defendant companies referred to as the “PT Entities”.

11 The material terms of the Settlement Agreement are set out below. The
parties’ key obligations in Clauses A(1)(1) to A(1)(4) are as follows:

A. TERMS OF SETTLEMENT

1\. In full and final settlement of all actions, suits, claims, demands,
causes of action, complaints of whatsoever nature (arising under the AOD, the
Term Sheet and/or any other agreements between the Parties), which the Parties
have and/or may have against one other, including but not limited to the
Disputes, Suit 617 and the Indonesian Proceedings, each of the Parties agree,
jointly and severally, as follows:-

(1) The Indonesian Parties shall pay the Suit 617 Plaintiffs the sum of IDR
2,188,000,000 (the "Settlement Sum") in the following order:-

(a) IDR 1,000,000,000 on 21 August 2021 (the "1st Instalment"), and subject to
the Suit 617 Plaintiffs' compliance with their obligations under clause
(A)(1)(2), (A)(1)(3) and (A)(1)(4) below; and

(b) IDR 132,000,000 on 21 September 2021, and subsequent monthly payments of
IDR 132,000,000 per month on the 21st day of each month thereafter (the
"Monthly Instalment Date") until full satisfaction of the Settlement Sum.

…

(2) Within seven (7) working days after the Suit 617 Plaintiffs' receipt of
the 1st Instalment, the Suit 617 Plaintiffs shall discontinue Suit 617 against
the Suit 617 Defendant, and the Suit 617 Defendant shall withdraw her appeal
to the Court of Appeal in relation to HC/SUM 5867/2019 i.e. CA/CA 13/2021 ("CA
13"). The Suit 617 Plaintiffs and the Suit 617 Defendant further agree that
that each party shall bear their own costs in relation to Suit 617.

(3) Within seven (7) working days after the Suit 617 Plaintiffs' compliance
with their obligations under clause (A)(1)(2) above the PT Entities shall
discontinue the 1st Indonesian Proceedings and any appeal therefrom and
provide evidence of such discontinuance by way of a notice of discontinuance
or its equivalent issued by the relevant court. The GB parties and the PT
Entities further agree that each party shall bear its own costs for the
discontinuation of the 1st Indonesian Proceedings.

(4) Within seven (7) working days after the Suit 617 Defendant's compliance
with her obligation under clause (A)(1)(2) above, the GB Parties shall
discontinue the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings by submitting a letter withdrawing
the police report for the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings. The GB Parties shall
also take all necessary steps to procure the Jakarta Raya Metropolitan
Regional Police to issue an Order to Stop Investigation (SP3) in respect of
the subject matter of the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings. The Indonesian Parties
acknowledge that the SP3 may not be issued within seven (7) working days after
the Suit 617 Defendant's compliance with her obligation under clause (A)(1)(2)
above. The GB Parties and PT Entities further agree that each party shall bear
its own costs for the discontinuation of the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings.

…

[emphasis added in underline]

12 As can be seen, Clause A(1)(1) stipulates that the Defendants are to pay
the Suit 617 Plaintiffs the sum of IDR 2.188bn (the “Settlement Sum”) by way
of several instalments:

(a) An initial instalment of IDR 1bn was to be paid on 21 August 2021, subject
to the Suit 617 Plaintiffs’ compliance with their obligations under Clauses
(A)(1)(2), (A)(1)(3) and (A)(1)(4).

(b) This was to be followed by 9 monthly instalments of IDR 132m on the 21st
of each month from September 2021 onwards (the “monthly instalments”).

These are collectively referred to as the “Instalment Obligations”, which the
Defendants are alleged to have breached.

13 Under Clause A(1)(2), the Suit 617 Plaintiffs were required to discontinue
their action against the 1st Defendant, and the 1st Defendant was required to
withdraw her appeal in CA 13. This was to be done within 7 working days of the
Suit 617 Plaintiffs’ receipt of the initial instalment of IDR 1bn.

14 Thereafter, the following was to be done by certain specified timelines:

(a) As stipulated by Clause A(1)(3), the PT Entities were obliged to
discontinue the 1st Indonesian Proceedings against the 1st Plaintiff and any
appeal therefrom.

(b) As stipulated by Clause A(1)(4), the Plaintiffs were obliged to
discontinue the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings by submitting a letter withdrawing
the Police Report that had initiated the proceedings (the “1st SP3
Obligation”). The Plaintiffs were further obliged to take “all necessary
steps” to procure the JRMR Police to issue an Order to Stop Investigation
(known as the “SP3”) in respect of the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings (the “2nd
SP3 Obligation”). These are collectively referred to as the “SP3 Obligations”,
which the Plaintiffs are alleged to have breached.

15 Clauses A(1)(7) and A(1)(8) go on to specify the parties’ rights and
remedies in the event of default:

(7) In the event that the PT Entities default on the payment obligations under
clause (A)(1)(1) above by failing to make payment of any sum within 7 days of
such sum falling due, the GB Parties shall be entitled to immediately commence
proceedings for the sum of IDR 8,221,181,489 in the Singapore Courts against
the PT Entities. In such a case, the PT Entities shall agree to submit to the
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts and to have the dispute heard in
Singapore. The PT Entities shall further acknowledge the sum of IDR
8,221,181,489 (less any amounts paid to the GB Parties under the terms of this
Agreement) as the amount owing to the GB Parties. A breach of the PT Entities'
obligations under clause (A)(1) will entitle the GB Parties to commence
proceedings for breach of this Agreement and the PT Entities shall indemnify
the GB Parties against all losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses
which may be incurred by the GB Parties as a result of such default as well as
legal costs, including but not limited to lawyers [sic] fees (on a full
indemnity basis) that may be incurred in connection with enforcing the terms
of this Agreement.

(8) In the event that the GB Parties fail to comply with their obligations
under clause (A)(1)(2) and clause (A)(1)(4) of the Agreement:-

(a) the PT Entities will not be required to perform clause (A)(1)[1](b) of the
Agreement i.e. make monthly payments of IDR 132,000,000 to the Suit 617
Plaintiffs; and

(b) the PT Entities will be entitled to file the necessary application to the
relevant Court(s) to enforce the terms of the Agreement and compel the Suit
617 Plaintiffs' withdrawal of Suit 617 and the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings.

[emphasis added in underline and italics underline]

16 Clause A(1)(7) states that if the PT Entities default on their Instalment
Obligations “by failing to make payment of any sum within 7 days of such sum
falling due”, the following consequences will apply:

(a) The Plaintiffs (ie, the GB Parties) shall be entitled to immediately
commence proceedings against the PT Entities in the Singapore courts for the
sum of IDR 8,221,181,489 (this corresponds to the amount sued for in Suit 617
based on the AOD).

(b) The PT Entities shall acknowledge the sum of IDR 8,221,181,489 less any
amounts paid to the Plaintiffs under the terms of the Settlement Agreement as
the amount owing to the Plaintiffs (the “Default Sum”).

(c) The PT Entities shall indemnify the Plaintiffs against all losses and
expenses which may be incurred as a result of such default, and against all
legal costs that may be incurred in connection with enforcing the terms of the
Settlement Agreement.

Notably, Clause A(1)(7) is only triggered if the PT Entities fail to make any
instalment payment within 7 days of the due date (the “7-day period”). Thus,
for the purpose of invoking this clause, it would not suffice that the PT
Entities had made a particular payment late if such payment still fell within
the 7-day period.

17 On the other hand, Clause A(1)(8) stipulates that if the Plaintiffs fail to
comply with Clause (A)(1)(2) and their SP3 Obligations under Clause (A)(1)(4),
the following consequences apply:

(a) The PT Entities will not be required to perform Clause (A)(1)(1)(b) (ie,
make payment of the monthly instalments to the Suit 617 Plaintiffs).

(b) The PT Entities will be entitled to file the necessary applications in
court to enforce the terms of the Settlement Agreement and compel the
withdrawal of Suit 617 and the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings.

Events subsequent to the execution of the Settlement Agreement

18 After the Settlement Agreement was executed, the following events
transpired. Pursuant to Clause A(1)(1) of the Settlement Agreement, the due
date for the initial instalment of IDR 1bn was 21 August 2021. The Defendants
made payment of this instalment in one or more tranches on 23 and/or 24 August
2021 (ie, within the 7-day period).

19 In compliance with Clause A(1)(2) of the Settlement Agreement, the
Plaintiffs then discontinued Suit 617 and the 1st Defendant withdrew their
appeal in CA 13 on or around 30 August 2021.

20 Thereafter, in respect of the Defendants’ remaining Instalment Obligations
under Clause A(1)(1):

(a) The first monthly instalment was due on 21 September 2021 (the “21 Sept
instalment”). The Defendants claim to have made payment of this on 13 October
whilst the Plaintiffs say that this was only paid on 14 October.

(b) The second monthly instalment was due on 21 October 2021 (the “21 Oct
instalment”). The Defendants claim that payment was made on 26 October whereas
the Plaintiffs say this was only done on 28 October.

(c) The third monthly instalment was due on 21 November 2021 (the “21 Nov
instalment”). It is undisputed that no payment was made for this instalment,
or any subsequent instalments.

21 Concurrently, further developments also took place with regard to the
Plaintiffs’ SP3 Obligations under Clause A(1)(4):

(a) On 31 August 2021, the 1st Plaintiff’s Indonesian attorney (“AKSET”)
submitted a letter to the JRMR Police to withdraw the Police Report and to
petition for the issuance of the SP3 in relation to the 2nd Indonesian
Proceedings.

(b) On 1 November 2021, the JRMR police issued two summonses to the Plaintiffs
requesting that two named individuals attend in person to give their testimony
in relation to the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings:

(i) The first summons required the current director of the 1st Plaintiff, Ms
Quek Swee Li (“Ms Quek”), to attend before the JRMR Police on 17 November 2021
to give her testimony (the “17 Nov 2021 interview”).

(ii) The second summons required the former director of the 1st Plaintiff, Mr
Jason Aleksander Kardachi (“Mr Kardarchi”), to attend before the JRMR Police
on 18 November 2021 to give his testimony. Mr Kardarchi was apparently the
director of the 1st Plaintiff at the time that the Police Report was lodged in
March 2019, but had since left the position.

The summons addressed to Ms Quek is the more important of the two. Any
references to “the summons” may thus be understood as mainly referring to this
summons, unless otherwise specified.

22 The Plaintiffs replied to the JRMR Police with respect to these summonses,
although neither Ms Quek nor Mr Kardarchi eventually attended on the appointed
interview dates in November 2021 for various reasons offered by the
Plaintiffs. The details of the Plaintiffs’ responses to the summonses are
dealt with later below. It suffices to say, at this juncture, that parties
dispute whether the Plaintiffs’ responses sufficed for the purposes of
fulfilling their SP3 Obligations.

23 The next year, on 31 March 2022, the present Suit was commenced.

Parties’ pleaded cases

Statement of Claim

24 The Plaintiff’s pleaded case is straightforward. The Defendants’ Instalment
Obligations under Clause A(1)(1) of the Settlement Agreement required them to
make instalment payments on specified due dates. In breach of these
obligations:

(a) the 21 Sept instalment was only paid on 14 October 2021;

(b) the 21 Oct instalment was only paid on 28 October 2021;

(c) the 21 Nov instalment was not paid at all; and

(d) no further monthly instalments were paid thereafter.

25 As such, the Plaintiffs invoke Clause A(1)(7) (read with Clause A(1)) to
claim the following against the PT Entities and the 1st Defendant on a joint
and several basis:

(a) The Default Sum of IDR 6,957,181,489 (being IDR 8,221,181,489 less the
amount of IDR 1,264,000,000 which the Defendants had paid under the
agreement), or alternatively, damages to be assessed.

(b) A declaration that the Plaintiffs are entitled to an indemnity against all
losses and expenses incurred as a result of the Defendants’ default as well as
legal costs on a full indemnity basis.

Defence and Counterclaim

26 The Defendants’ defence is that they were entitled to cease payment of the
monthly instalments under Clause A(1)(1)(b) read with Clause A(1)(8). This is
allegedly because that the Plaintiffs themselves were already in breach of
their SP3 Obligations under Clause A(1)(4) at the time. The particulars of
this breach are pleaded in the Defence and Counterclaim (“D&CC”) at paragraph
8(5) as follows:

(5) In breach of their obligations under Clause A(1)(4) of the Settlement
Agreement, the Plaintiffs failed to procure the SP3. Among other things:-

(a) the initial letter sent by the 1st Plaintiff for the withdrawal of the 2nd
Indonesian Proceedings to the JRMR Police was a scanned copy (instead of an
original), which was rejected by the JRMR Police;

(b) the Plaintiffs were “tardy in responding / failed to respond to
communications they received from the JRMR Police, thereby holding up the
issuance of the SP3”; and

(c) the Plaintiffs failed to respond to the summons issued by the JRMR Police
addressed to the officer(s) of the 1st Plaintiff, for such officer(s) to
present themselves to the JRMR Police and to provide information in connection
with the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings for the purposes of procuring the issuance
of the SP3.

[emphasis added in underline and italics underline]

The Defendants therefore deny that the Plaintiffs are entitled to invoke
Clause A(1)(7) to claim the Default Sum and/or an indemnity.

27 Following from this, the Defendants counterclaim against the Plaintiffs for
breach of the latter’s SP3 Obligations under Clause A(1)(4). Invoking Clause
A(1)(8)(b), the PT Entities plead that they are entitled to enforce the
Settlement Agreement against the Plaintiffs. The Defendants thus seek the
following reliefs:

(a) A declaration that the Plaintiffs have breached their SP3 Obligations
under Clause A(1)(4) of the Settlement Agreement.

(b) An order that “the Plaintiffs comply with all directions and/or
requirements imposed by the JRMR Police and to procure the SP3 (in order to
discontinue the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings)”.

(c) Further and/or in the alternative, “equitable compensation or damages to
be assessed”.

To be clear, the Defendants’ counterclaim itself is not the subject of the
present striking out application, although it evidently overlaps with the
Plaintiffs’ claim.

Reply and Defence to Counterclaim, and 1st and 2nd Further and Better
Particulars

28 In their Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (“R&DCC”), the Plaintiffs deny
the alleged breaches of their SP3 Obligations under Clause A(1)(4) in relation
to the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings. In particular, they plead that they had
“responded to the summons issued by the JRMR Police and provided information
to [them]”.

29 In their Further and Better Particulars dated 10 October 2022 and 2
November 2022 (the “1st FNBP” and “2nd FNBP” respectively), the Plaintiffs
clarify that they had done so on two occasions on 16 November 2021 and 29
August 2022. They plead the following particulars:

(a) On 16 November 2021, AKSET sent a letter on the 1st Plaintiff’s behalf to
the JRMR Police (the “16 Nov 2021 letter”). The letter stated that (i) the 1st
Plaintiff and its director Ms Quek wished to withdraw the Police Report; and
(ii) attached a notarised written statement by Ms Quek in support.

(b) On 29 August 2022, the Plaintiffs’ Ms Quek attended in person before the
JRMR Police to provide her oral testimony in relation to the withdrawal of the
Police Report (the “August 2022 testimony”).

The striking out application

30 With the parties’ pleaded cases in mind, I now outline their submissions in
the present striking out application under O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC 2014.

Defendants’ submissions

31 According to the Defendants, the Plaintiff’s claim under Clause A(1)(7) is
essentially premised on the Defendants’ alleged failure to pay the monthly
instalments from November 2021 onwards. It is contended that this claim is
misconceived because the Plaintiffs were already in breach of their own SP3
Obligations at the time, which entitled the Defendants to cease payment of the
monthly instalments. Specifically, the Defendants submit the following:

(a) Pursuant to the 2nd SP3 Obligation under Clause A(1)(4), the Plaintiffs
were required to take “all necessary steps” in relation to the procurement of
the SP3.

(b) The Plaintiffs have admitted that such “necessary steps” included their
officers physically attending before the JRMR Police to respond to the
summonses and to provide information.

(c) The summons addressed to Ms Quek required her to physically attend the 17
Nov 2021 interview, but she failed to do so. The Plaintiffs had accordingly
(at the very least) breached their SP3 Obligations as at this date.

(d) Since this breach preceded the Defendants’ obligation to pay the 21 Nov
instalment, the Defendants were entitled to cease payments from November 2021
onwards, pursuant to Clause A(1)(8)(b).

32 It is further asserted that the Plaintiffs’ failure to have Ms Quek attend
the 17 Nov 2021 interview amounted to a “continuing breach” or an “outstanding
step” which was (a) still not rectified by the time the Plaintiffs had
commenced the Suit in March 2022; and (b) was only rectified when Ms Quek
testified in person before the JRMR Police in August 2022. It follows (or so
the argument goes) that the Plaintiffs simply did not have a valid cause of
action at the time that the present Suit was commenced.

33 The Defendants thus conclude that the Plaintiffs’ claim should be struck
out on the basis that “there was no reasonable cause of action at the time of
the Suit”. Alternatively, it is said that the claim is scandalous, frivolous
and/or vexatious, and/or an abuse of process.

34 Significantly, despite the narrow way that the Defendants have framed the
Plaintiffs’ case at [31] above, it is clear that the Plaintiffs are also
claiming late payments of the monthly instalments from as early as September
and October 2021 (see [24] earlier). As to this, the Defendants contend as
follows:

(a) There was no breach in respect of the 21 Sept instalment because it was
the Plaintiffs themselves that had directed the PT Entities to “conduct
payment” on 13 October 2021. The PT Entities duly made payment on that date,
which was accepted by the Plaintiffs. Further and/or in the alternative, the
Plaintiffs are not entitled to rely on the alleged breach to invoke Clause
A(1)(7). This is because the Plaintiffs had unequivocally elected to continue
receiving subsequent monthly instalments under Clause A(1)(1), and/or had
otherwise waived their right to invoke Clause A(1)(7) to sue for the Default
Sum.

(b) Furthermore, there was no late payment for the 21 Oct instalment. Payment
was made on 26 October 2021, which fell within the 7-day period following the
due date (see also [20(b)] above).

Notably, the aforementioned defence of waiver by election was not pleaded in
the D&CC. I will return to this point in my analysis later below.

Plaintiffs’ submissions

35 The Plaintiffs deny that any of the grounds for striking out are made out.

36 As regards the Plaintiffs’ own claim, they maintain that the Defendants
had: (a) made late payment of the 21 Sept and 21 Oct instalments; and (b)
failed to make payment of the 21 Nov instalment entirely. They contend that
they had never waived the Defendants’ breaches in respect of the former two
instalments. In any event, since the 21 Nov instalment was never paid, the
Plaintiffs insist that they were entitled to invoke Clause A(1)(7) at the very
latest by 29 November 2021, once the 7-day period for that instalment had
lapsed.

37 At the hearing, I queried counsel whether the Plaintiffs were still relying
on the alleged late payment for the 21 Oct instalment to invoke Clause
A(1)(7). It was only then that counsel clarified that Plaintiffs were not. In
my view, this must be correct since Clause A(1)(7) would only be triggered if
the PT Entities failed to make payment within the 7-day period. Even on the
Plaintiffs’ own case, the instalment was paid on 28 October 2021 before the
period had expired (see [24(b)] above). This therefore leaves only the 21 Sept
and 21 Nov instalments in issue.

38 As for the alleged breach of their SP3 Obligations under Clause A(1)(4) in
relation to the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings, the Plaintiffs respond as follows:

(a) The Plaintiffs did not breach their SP3 Obligations. The 2nd SP3
Obligation, as correctly interpreted, did not go so far as to require the
Plaintiffs to procure Ms Quek to physically attend the 17 Nov 2021 interview
before the JRMR Police given the circumstances at the time (see next sub-
paragraph). The Defendants have failed entirely to show that this
interpretation is legally unsustainable.

(b) Moreover, the Plaintiffs have put forward clear evidence that they had
complied with their SP3 Obligations by responding to the summonses from, and
providing information to, the JRMR Police. The Plaintiffs also had good
reasons for Ms Quek’s inability to attend the 17 Nov 2021 interview – namely,
that Indonesian COVID-19 travel restrictions prohibited Ms Quek from entering
Indonesia from Singapore; and she was medically advised against travelling due
to a pre-existing medical condition. There is nothing factually unsustainable
about the Plaintiffs’ case.

(c) In any event, the JRMR Police have already issued the SP3 on 31 December
2022, subsequent to Ms Quek’s August 2022 testimony.

39 Notably, the Plaintiffs’ reply affidavit also alleges that the Defendants
were in breach of their obligations to discontinue the 1st Indonesian
Proceedings and any appeal therefrom under Clause A(1)(3). It is said that the
PT Entities have failed to comply with their obligations to date, and that the
Plaintiffs had in fact been notified that the Jakarta High Court had issued a
verdict on 23 September 2021 to affirm the District Court’s judgment in the
proceedings. This allegation is, however, unpleaded and was raised for the
first time in the Plaintiffs’ reply affidavit in the present application.

Applicable legal principles for striking out

40 O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC 2014 states as follows:

Striking out pleadings and endorsements (O. 18, r. 19)

19.—(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out
or amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or
anything in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

41 The applicable legal principles on striking out are well-established. The
threshold for the court to exercise its power to strike out a claim is a high
one. The power is only invoked in “plain and obvious cases” – the claim must
be obviously unsustainable, the pleadings unarguably bad, and it must be
impossible, not just improbable, for the claim to succeed before the court
will strike it out (Singapore Civil Procedure 2021 vol I (Cavinder Bull gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at para 18/19/6).

42 In the present case, the Defendants rely upon the three limbs in O 18 rr
19(1)(a), 19(1)(b) and 19(1)(d), although it is clear from their submissions
that the first limb forms the spearhead of their application. The guiding
principles governing each limb may be summarised thus:

(a) Under O 18 r 19(1)(a), pleadings may be struck out if they disclose no
reasonable cause of action. A reasonable cause of action is one with some
chance of success, when only the allegations in the pleadings are considered:
Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others [1997] 3
SLR(R) 649 (“Gabriel Peter”) at [21]. This follows from O 18 r 19(2), which
provides that no evidence shall be admissible on an application under this
limb. On such an application, the pleaded facts are generally presumed to be
true in favour of the plaintiff: Tan Eng Khiam v Ultra Realty Pte Ltd [1991] 1
SLR(R) 844 (“Tan Eng Khiam”) at [29], cited in Bank of China Ltd, Singapore
Branch v BP Singapore Pte Ltd and others [2021] 5 SLR 738 at [2] and [21].

(b) Under O 18 r 19(1)(b), pleadings may be struck out if they are
“scandalous, frivolous or vexatious”. Allegations that are made needlessly and
not related to the relief sought may be considered scandalous. In a similar
vein, a claim is “frivolous or vexatious” if it is “plainly or obviously
unsustainable”. As explained in The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 (at
[32]-[33] and [39]):

(i) an action is legally unsustainable if “it may be clear as a matter of law
at the outset that even if a party were to succeed in proving all the facts
that he offers to prove he will not be entitled to the remedy that he seeks”;
and

(ii) an action is factually unsustainable if it is “possible to say with
confidence before trial that the factual basis for the claim is fanciful
because it is entirely without substance”, for example, if it is “clear beyond
question that the statement of facts is contradicted by all the documents or
other material on which it is based”.

(c) Under O 18 r 19(1)(d) and the inherent jurisdiction of the court,
pleadings may be struck out if they are an abuse of the court process. An
“abuse of process” means using the court machinery as a means of vexation and
oppression in the process of litigation – for example, where a claim is
brought not for the purposes of relief but for some other collateral or
ulterior motive: Gabriel Peter at [22].

43 As stated at [42(a)] above, in considering whether the pleading in question
discloses a reasonable cause of action under O 18 r 19(1)(a), the court
proceeds only on the basis of the parties’ pleadings without reference to any
evidence. This stands in contrast to applications brought under the other
limbs of O 18 r 19(1), in which affidavit evidence may be used (see Tan Eng
Khiam at [29]-[30]). This point is crucial for present purposes because the
Defendants’ written submissions relied extensively upon affidavit evidence
without any regard for the distinction between the different limbs of O 18 r
19(1). When I highlighted this at the hearing, the Defendants’ counsel
accepted the point, although she nevertheless maintained that the Plaintiffs’
pleadings did not reflect any valid cause of action.

Issues to be considered

44 In view of the parties’ pleadings and submissions, I find that the present
dispute may be distilled into two key issues, as follows:

(a) Issue 1: Are the Plaintiffs entitled to invoke Clause A(1)(7) on account
of the Defendants’ alleged breach in respect of the 21 Sept instalment? This
follows from:

(i) the Plaintiffs’ case that at the earliest, the Defendants’ late payment of
the 21 Sept instalment outside the 7-day period entitled them to invoke Clause
A(1)(7); and

(ii) the Defendants’ defence that there was no such late payment or
alternatively, that the Plaintiffs had waived any such breach.

(b) Issue 2: Are the Plaintiffs entitled to invoke Clause A(1)(7) on account
of the Defendants’ alleged breach in respect of the 21 Nov instalment, or were
the Plaintiffs already in breach of their SP3 Obligations at the time? This
follows from:

(i) the Plaintiffs’ case that the Defendants were in breach, at the very
latest, by failing to pay the 21 Nov instalment within the 7-day period,
thereby triggering Clause A(1)(7); and

(ii) the Defendants’ case that pursuant to Clause A(1)(8), they were entitled
to cease instalment payments from November 2021 onwards because the Plaintiffs
themselves were already in breach of their SP3 Obligations at the time.

As mentioned earlier, it is undisputed that the Defendants did not make
payment of the 21 Nov instalment. Notably, sub-paragraph (b)(ii) represents
the Defendants’ sole defence to this non-payment. If this defence is made out,
the Defendants would be entitled to invoke Clause A(1)(8) in respect of the
Plaintiffs’ default. Conversely, if the Defendants cannot show that the
Plaintiffs were themselves in breach of the SP3 Obligations by that time, they
are left with no defence in this regard.

45 The success of the Defendants’ present application thus hinges on them
establishing any of the grounds for striking out in respect of both Issues 1
and 2 above. Pertinently, it does not suffice for the Defendants to merely
succeed on Issue 1 and fail on Issue 2. This is because in such an event, even
if there was no breach as regards the 21 Sept instalment, the Plaintiffs would
still (at the very least) be able to invoke Clause A(1)(7) in respect of the
non-payment of the 21 Nov instalment. With this in mind, I now consider the
Defendants’ application proper.

Whether the Plaintiffs’ pleadings disclose a reasonable cause of action

46 With respect to both Issues 1 and 2, I find that the Plaintiffs’ pleadings
clearly disclose a reasonable cause of action. This is a straightforward claim
for breach of contract, and the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case can be put simply as
follows: (a) Clause A(1)(1) of the Settlement Agreement obliged the Defendants
to pay the 21 Sept instalment and the 21 Nov instalment on their respective
due dates; (b) in breach of these obligations, the 21 Sept instalment was only
paid on 14 October 2021 after the lapse of the 7-day period, whilst the 21 Nov
instalment was never paid; and (c) Clause A(1)(7) therefore entitles the
Plaintiffs to claim the Default Sum and an indemnity against the Defendants.
In my judgment, the Plaintiffs have pleaded the material facts necessary to
formulate a complete cause of action for breach of contract.

47 In their D&CC, the Defendants do make a general denial of any breaches
relating to the 21 Nov, 21 Oct and 21 Nov instalments. In my view, however,
this does little to assist the Defendants. I observe two points here:

(a) As far as the 21 Sept instalment is concerned, the D&CC itself does not
even positively assert any defence or justification for making payment after
the expiry of the 7-day period. According to their pleaded defence, the
Defendants were entitled to cease payment of the monthly instalments by
November 2021 at the earliest. As the pleading stands, this leaves little more
than a bare denial on Issue 1.

(b) As for the 21 Nov instalment, the Defendants do plead that pursuant to
Clause A(1)(8), they were entitled to cease payment of the monthly instalments
from November 2021 onwards because the Plaintiffs themselves were already in
breach of their SP3 Obligations at the time. Nevertheless, in the Plaintiffs’
R&DCC and 1st and 2nd FNBPs, they specifically denied being in breach of their
SP3 Obligations and gave particulars of the steps that they had taken to
comply.

48 It bears emphasis that when applying O 18 r 19(1)(a), the court’s central
focus is on the sufficiency of the plaintiff’s pleadings. In Gabriel Peters at
[21], the Court of Appeal explained the inquiry as follows:

21 The guiding principle in determining what a “reasonable cause of action” is
under O 18 r 19(1)(a) was succinctly pronounced by Lord Pearson in Drummond-
Jackson v British Medical Association [1970] 1 All ER 1094. A reasonable cause
of action, according to his lordship, connotes a cause of action which has
some chance of success when only the allegations in the pleading are
considered. As long as the statement of claim discloses some cause of action,
or raises some question fit to be decided at the trial, the mere fact that the
case is weak and is not likely to succeed is no ground for striking it out.
Where a statement of claim is defective only in not containing particulars to
which the defendant is entitled, the application should be made for
particulars under O 18 r 12 and not for an order to strike out the statement.

[emphasis added in underline and italics underline]

49 For this purpose, the pleaded facts are presumed to be true in favour of
the plaintiff and no affidavit evidence may be admitted. As explained by the
High Court in Tan Eng Khiam at [28]-[30], this is because it is essentially a
question of law whether a plaintiff’s pleaded claim discloses a reasonable
cause of action:

28 The defendant’s application to strike out the plaintiff’s claim must be
considered in light of the foregoing analysis of the Act and the established
principles applicable to strike out an action under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of
the Supreme Court 1970 (“the RSC”) [ie, the predecessor to O 18 r 19 of the
ROC 2014].

29 A cause of action is a claim based on a legal entitlement or the violation
of a legal right. The assertion of a claim must set out all the essential acts
to support the claim. If a purported claim does not comply with these criteria
or the statement of claim on its face shows that it is not sustainable, a
defendant may apply to strike out the statement of claim on the ground that it
does not disclose a reasonable cause of action. No affidavit can be filed in
support of such application because it is essentially a question of law and
the pleaded facts are presumed to be true in favour of the claimant: see RSC O
18 r 19(2).

30 On the other hand, where the claim is stated to be invented or its
prosecution fated to be futile and fruitless, the application should be
founded on the other grounds. In that case facts are everything. An affidavit
of facts in support of such grounds must be filed.

[emphasis added in underline and italics underline]

50 I have expressed the view at [46] above that on their pleadings, the
Plaintiffs have formulated a complete cause of action for breach of contract.
On Issue 2, the Plaintiffs expressly denied the alleged breach of their SP3
Obligations in their R&DCC. Presuming in the Plaintiffs’ favour that their
pleaded facts are true, it stands to reason that they have a reasonable cause
of action under O 18 r 19(1)(a). To my mind, that the Defendants themselves
have taken a contrary position on Issues 1 and 2 in their own pleadings does
not thereby render the Plaintiffs’ pleaded claim fundamentally defective or
otherwise unarguable. Any dispute as to the pleaded facts may more
appropriately be taken up under the other limbs of O 18 r 19(1), or otherwise
at trial.

51 In the same vein, I do not think that the Defendants’ alleged defence of
waiver by election at [34(a)] above is capable of salvaging their application
under O 18 r 19(1)(a). This is notwithstanding the Defendants’ heavy reliance
on the same in their submissions. To begin with, the alleged defence does not
go far enough since it deals only with Issue 1 but not Issue 2 (see [45]
above).

52 The more serious difficulty, however, is that the alleged defence of waiver
is not even pleaded by the Defendants in their D&CC. The Plaintiffs’ counsel
appears not to have noticed this seeing as he did not raise the objection
himself during the hearing. Nevertheless, when I mentioned this to the
Defendants’ counsel, she did not dispute that the alleged defence is indeed
unpleaded. Counsel nevertheless insisted that even so, the Defendants are
still entitled to rely on it because their legal submissions in the course of
a striking out application are not confined to the pleadings.

53 To my mind, however, this cannot be correct as a matter of principle.
Notably, in the context of interlocutory proceedings under O 14 of ROC 2014,
the Court of Appeal has firmly held in Olivine Capital Pte Ltd and another v
Chia Chin Yan and another matter [2014] 2 SLR 1371 that parties are bound by
the four corners of their pleadings. Subject to very limited exceptions, a
defendant cannot rely on a defence that has not been pleaded. At [41] and
[43], the Court of Appeal reasoned as follows:

41 … As Woo J pointed out in [Lim Leong Huat v Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction
Pte Ltd [2008] 2 SLR(R) 786], if a defendant is not bound by his pleadings in
O 14 proceedings, it could lead to an absurd situation. A defendant could
succeed in resisting O 14 proceedings on the basis of an unpleaded defence. If
an amendment to the defence to include that unpleaded defence is subsequently
disallowed, the defendant will not be able to rely on the unpleaded defence at
trial, with the potential result that he would have no arguable defence. This
paradoxically means that summary judgment should have been entered in the
plaintiff’s favour in the first place. This would undermine the raison d’être
of O 14, which is precisely the expeditious resolution of cases which do not
require a full-blown trial.

…

43 … [We] therefore hold that a fresh defence that has not been pleaded cannot
be relied on by the defendant in O 14 proceedings unless the defence is
amended or unless the case is an exceptional one where the court concerned is
of the view that there are good reasons to permit reliance on such a fresh
defence (for instance, if the fresh defence strikes at the heart of the
court’s powers, as was the case in Poh Soon Kiat). …

[emphasis added in italics and italics underline]

54 Whilst I do not have the benefit of any direct authority on the issue, I am
of the view that a similar logic would apply to striking out applications
under O 18 r 19(1). If a defendant is permitted to raise a substantive defence
in the course of a striking out application which is not found in its
pleadings, this could lead to absurd results. A defendant could succeed in
striking out a plaintiff’s claim at an interlocutory stage on the basis of an
unpleaded defence, even though the defendant may not actually have been able
to rely on that defence at trial and the plaintiff’s action might otherwise
have a reasonable prospect of success. Had the matter proceeded further, there
is no certainty that any application by the defendant to include the new
defence in its pleadings would succeed, and the defendant may well have been
prevented from raising the unpleaded defence at trial. Such an inconsistent
outcome would surely undermine the rationale of O 18 r 19(1), which is to
strike out claims at the interlocutory stage only in “plain and obvious” cases
where it is clear that the action is so fundamentally flawed that it would
eventually fail at trial.

55 This view is in line with the general principles governing parties’
pleadings. As emphasised by the Court of Appeal in V Nithia (co-administratrix
of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o
Vaithilingam and another [2015] 5 SLR 1422 (“V Nithia”) at [34]-[40],
pleadings define the parameters of the case and the issues to be tried at
trial. The general rule is that parties are bound by their pleadings because
every litigant is entitled to be informed in advance of the case he has to
meet, so that he may effectively challenge the same. This is crucial to
ensuring fairness and upholding the principles of natural justice in the
proceedings. The law does permit departure from the general rule in “limited
circumstances” where the other party will not suffer from any irreparable
prejudice or where it would be clearly unjust for the court not to do so. Such
cases are, however, likely to be uncommon (V Nithia at [41]).

56 While the Court of Appeal’s remarks in V Nithia were made in the context of
the court issuing a final ruling after the end of trial, a similar line of
reasoning would apply to a striking out application under O 18 r 19(1). Even
though such an application comes at an interlocutory stage, it ultimately
seeks a summary dismissal of a plaintiff’s action (or a defendant’s defence,
as the case may be) without a trial. In such circumstances, it remains of
paramount importance that parties have proper notice of each other’s cases
before the draconian power of striking out is invoked.

57 In the present case, there lies a real risk that permitting the Defendants
to raise an unpleaded defence would unfairly prejudice the Plaintiffs in this
application. I accept that it is not strictly necessary for the Defendants to
specifically plead the precise words “election” or “waiver”. Nevertheless,
their pleadings should have at the very least disclosed the material facts
which would support such a defence, so as to give the opposing party fair
notice of the substance of their case (see, in this regard, the reasoning in V
Nithia at [43]). As observed by the High Court in Royal Melbourne Institute of
Technology v Stansfield College Pte Ltd and another [2018] SGHC 232 at [124],
“A waiver is, by its very nature, fact-dependent and pleading the material
facts is an indispensable foundation upon which a plea of waiver rests”. Yet,
the D&CC here makes no mention of the material facts underlying the alleged
defence of waiver (ie, that the Plaintiffs accepted the alleged late payment
of the 21 Sept instalment, and continued to demand and/or accept subsequent
payments of the monthly instalments). The Plaintiffs accordingly did not have
an opportunity to respond to the point in their R&DCC.

58 Furthermore, the Defendants’ arguments on waiver were only raised for the
first time in their final reply affidavit filed in support of the present
application. As such, the only opportunity that the Plaintiffs had for dealing
with the point was in their written and oral submissions before me. In this
regard, as I will discuss at [66]-[72] below, I find the Plaintiffs’ limited
attempt at a rebuttal to be somewhat unpersuasive. In fairness to the
Plaintiffs’ counsel, he is confined to making submissions on the legal effect
of the Plaintiffs’ conduct (as alleged by the Defendants) since the Plaintiffs
did not have an opportunity to reply on affidavit.

59 Notwithstanding this, it is evident that limited notice was given to the
Plaintiffs as regards the unpleaded defence of waiver. Bearing in mind the
fundamental objection in principle at [54] above, there is a real risk of
prejudice to the Plaintiffs in not being afforded the fullest opportunity to
respond. As succinctly observed in V Nithia at [37], “[w]hen procedure is
defective, the very substance of the result may rightly be called into
question”. It bears mention that even after I had drawn counsel’s attention to
the fact that the alleged defence was unpleaded, there was no indication from
the Defendants that they intended to apply for leave to amend their D&CC.

60 I therefore do not think that the Defendants should be permitted to rely on
an unpleaded defence (for Issue 1) to strike out the Plaintiffs’ action. This
goes for all three limbs in O 18 rr 19(1)(a), 19(1)(b) and 19(1)(d) that the
Defendants rely on (see [73] and [88] below).

61 I only add that in an application for striking out under O 18 r 19(1)(a),
the above reasoning applies with even more force. Given that only pleadings
may be considered for the purposes of this limb, it necessarily follows that
any substantive defences raised by a defendant to show that the plaintiff has
no reasonable cause of action must also be grounded in the pleadings. The
Plaintiffs have no pleaded response (to the alleged defence of waiver) that
can be presumed true in their favour, simply because the said defence was
never pleaded to begin with. In my judgment, this cannot be held against the
Plaintiffs. I am accordingly unable to accept the alleged defence of waiver on
Issue 1.

62 Having found that the Plaintiffs’ pleadings disclose a reasonable cause of
action as regards both Issues 1 and 2, I decline to strike out their claim
under O 18 r 19(1)(a).

Whether the Plaintiffs’ claim is scandalous, frivolous and/or vexatious

63 I next consider whether the Plaintiffs’ claim ought to be struck out on the
ground that it is scandalous, frivolous and/or vexatious. Having concentrated
their submissions on O 18 r 19(1)(a), the Defendants did not make any new
substantive points specific to this alternative limb in O 18 r 19(1)(b).
Nevertheless, their arguments under limb (a) may also be understood as going
toward this alternative limb (b).

64 Based on the Defendants’ submissions, their primary argument appears to be
that the Plaintiffs’ case is “frivolous and vexatious” in that it is legally
and/or factually unsustainable on Issues 1 and 2. I examine these issues in
turn.

Issue 1

65 The Plaintiffs’ position on Issue 1 is simple – since the Defendants had
failed to pay the 21 Sept instalment within the 7-day period, the Plaintiffs
are entitled to invoke Clause A(1)(7) to claim the Default Sum.

66 The Defendants, on the other hand, deny any such breach and also raise the
defence of waiver by election (see [34(a)] above). Their line of argument is
briefly as follows. There was no breach in relation to the 21 Sept instalment
because it was the Plaintiffs themselves that had directed payment to be made
on 13 October 2021. Furthermore, even after the alleged breach, the Plaintiffs
nevertheless continued to: (a) accept payment for the 21 Sept instalment; (b)
accept payment for the 21 Oct instalment; and (c) demand payment of the 21 Nov
instalment. By this conduct, the Plaintiffs had unequivocally elected to
affirm their right to receive further instalment payments instead of invoking
their alleged right to immediately claim the Default Sum under Clause A(1)(7).
Since these two rights were “inconsistent” with each other, the Plaintiffs
must be taken to have irrevocably waived their right to invoke Clause A(1)(7)
for the alleged default on the 21 Sept instalment. Having done so, the
Plaintiffs cannot now “go back” and change their mind.

67 As noted at [58] earlier, the Plaintiffs did not have an opportunity in
their pleadings or their affidavit to respond to this alleged defence of
waiver. In legal submissions, their sole rebuttal is that subsequent to the
Defendants’ breach, the Plaintiffs’ acceptance of any further instalment
payments did not constitute a waiver because there was no election made
between two inconsistent rights. Instead, the Plaintiffs’ right to continue
receiving further instalment payments and their right to sue for the Default
Sum are said to be entirely “consistent” and “cumulative”. Accordingly, so the
argument goes, the Plaintiffs were entitled to exercise one right without
abandoning the other.

68 It is well-established that a waiver by election arises where a party has,
by words or conduct, communicated clearly and unequivocally that it has
elected not to exercise one of two inconsistent rights. Once an election is
made, it is final and binding, and the party will be taken to have abandoned
the right it has elected not to exercise. This proposition is reflected in the
Court of Appeal’s holding in Audi Construction Pte Ltd v Kian Hiap
Construction Pte Ltd [2018] 1 SLR 317 at [54]:

… This doctrine [of waiver by election] concerns a situation where a party has
a choice between two inconsistent rights. If he elects not to exercise one of
those rights, he will be held to have abandoned that right if he has
communicated his election in clear and unequivocal terms to the other party.
He must also be aware of the facts which have given rise to the existence of
the right he is said to have elected not to exercise. Once the election is
made, it is final and binding, and the party is treated as having waived that
right by his election…

[emphasis added in underline and italics underline]

69 Here, the key issue in dispute is whether, upon the Defendants’ alleged
default on the 21 Sept instalment, the Plaintiffs had made an election between
two inconsistent rights, namely: (a) their right to continue receiving further
instalment payments under Clause A(1)(1); and (b) their right to immediately
bring an action for the Default Sum under Clause A(1)(7) in respect of the
said breach. Since parties made extensive submissions on this issue of waiver,
I express the following views subject to the holding at [73] below.

70 On the face of things, I have some misgivings about the Plaintiffs’
rebuttal. To my mind, whether the two rights in question are inconsistent with
each other is ultimately a matter of contractual interpretation. On a plain
and objective reading of the Settlement Agreement as a whole, I am inclined to
think that parties must have intended the exercise of these two rights to be
mutually exclusive, granted that the agreement does not expressly specify so.

71 After a breach occurs, the continued operation of the instalment scheme,
which apportions the payment of the Settlement Sum (IDR 2.188bn) over multiple
tranches, does not sit well with the Plaintiffs still being concurrently and
cumulatively entitled to bring an action for the considerably larger Default
Sum immediately. In particular, there appears to be a common component in the
Settlement Sum and the Default Sum that would be dealt with inconsistently. I
explain as follows:

(a) The Default Sum is stipulated to be the sum of IDR 8,221,181,489 less any
instalment payments made under the agreement, and invoking Clause A(1)(7)
would entitle the Plaintiffs to immediately bring an action for this.
Crucially, whatever the claim amount may be (as at the time of the suit) would
necessarily include an amount that corresponds to as yet unpaid instalments.
These instalment amounts would otherwise have been deducted from the claim
amount had they been paid.

(b) On the other hand, the Plaintiffs’ right under Clause A(1)(1) is to
receive payment of further (and as yet unpaid) instalments only on their
respective due dates and no earlier.

(c) At the time of breach, if both rights are exercised at the same time,
there appears to be an inconsistency as to when the Plaintiffs would be
entitled to the amounts that are the subject of as yet unpaid instalments. To
illustrate the point, after the alleged default on the 21 Sept instalment, the
Plaintiffs would have the following two options:

(i) If the Plaintiffs elected to exercise their right under Clause A(1)(1),
they would be entitled to receive the next 21 Oct instalment only on its
stipulated due date.

(ii) On the other hand, if the Plaintiffs invoked Clause A(1)(7) at the time
of breach, they would be entitled to immediately bring an action for the
Default Sum, which would include an amount corresponding to the unpaid 21 Oct
instalment that had not been deducted.

Arguably, if the Plaintiffs chose to accept payment for the 21 Oct instalment
under the former option, then they must have abandoned their right to
immediately sue for the entire Default Sum (with that instalment amount not
deducted) instead.

72 It is therefore not easy to see how the two rights in Clauses A(1)(1) and
A(1)(7) can be exercised “consistently” and “cumulatively” in respect of the
same breach. Arguably, the neater and more persuasive interpretation is that
parties simply intended the exercise of the two rights to be mutually
exclusive. If so, then assuming for the sake of argument that the Defendants’
version of events is correct, there is much force in their submission that the
Plaintiffs had effectively made a binding election between two inconsistent
rights (see [66] above).

73 Notwithstanding the apparent merit in the Defendants’ submission, however,
I am ultimately not prepared to strike out the Plaintiffs’ claim under Issue 1
because of the fundamental difficulties with the unpleaded nature of the
defence. As explained at [52]-[60] above, so long as the alleged defence of
waiver remains unpleaded, it would not be safe to strike out the action on
that basis. Absent the alleged defence, there is really nothing factually or
legally unsustainable about the Plaintiffs’ case that the late payment of the
21 Sept instalment entitles them to invoke Clause A(1)(7). In any event, the
Plaintiffs’ action for the Default Sum would not be liable to be struck out
anyway given the view that I reach on Issue 2 below.

Issue 2

74 Issue 2 essentially turns on whether the Plaintiffs were in breach of their
SP3 Obligations in November 2021, since that is the Defendants’ sole defence
for the non-payment of the 21 Nov instalment (see [44(b)] above).

75 To recapitulate, under Clause A(1)(4), the Plaintiffs’ 1st SP3 Obligation
was to discontinue the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings by submitting a letter
withdrawing the Police Report. The 2nd SP3 Obligation was to take “all
necessary steps” to procure the JRMR Police to issue the SP3. The latter
obligation is pertinent for present purposes.

76 Based on their submissions, parties put forth conflicting legal
interpretations of the Plaintiffs’ 2nd SP3 Obligation:

(a) According to the Defendants, the Plaintiffs’ obligation to take “all
necessary steps” required them to procure Ms Quek’s physical attendance before
the JRMR Police on 17 November 2021, in accordance with the summons addressed
to her. Since she failed to do so, the Plaintiffs were in “continuing breach”
from that date onwards.

(b) On the other hand, the Plaintiffs argue that the 2nd SP3 Obligation is
akin a “best endeavours” or “all reasonable endeavours” clause. In their view,
the obligation, as correctly interpreted, did not go so far to require them to
procure Ms Quek’s physical attendance before the JRMR Police on 17 November
2021 given the circumstances at the time. Instead, the steps that they had
taken at the material time sufficed for the purposes of complying with their
obligation.

77 As a matter of legal sustainability, I agree with the Plaintiffs that their
interpretation of the 2nd SP3 Obligation is an entirely plausible one. The
phrase “all necessary steps” is not defined in the Settlement Agreement. What
steps the Plaintiffs are required to take and when the Plaintiffs are required
to take any given “step” is plainly open to argument. This is especially so if
the circumstances prevailing at the time may be taken into account. In this
vein, it is perfectly arguable that the 2nd SP3 Obligation ought to be
construed as an obligation to take “all reasonable endeavours” or “best
endeavours”. As explained by the Court of Appeal in Lim Sze Eng v Lin Choo Mee
[2019] 1 SLR 414 at [73]-[74], such an obligation is “not a warranty to
procure the contractually-stipulated outcome” and what steps ought to be taken
by the obligor is a “fact-sensitive inquiry”.

78 The Defendants nevertheless advance two arguments in support of their
interpretation. First, it is said that the Plaintiffs have admitted that that
their 2nd SP3 Obligation required them to have their officers physically
attend before the JRMR Police to respond to the summons and provide
information. In support of this, the Defendants refer to the particulars of
breach pleaded in their D&CC at paragraph 8(5)(c) (see [26] above). They then
refer to the Plaintiffs’ response in the R&DCC at paragraph 11(c), as set out
below:

11\. In respect of the particulars pleaded at paragraph 8(5) of the Defence:

…

(c) Paragraph 8(5)(c) of the Defence is denied. The Defendants had responded
to the summons issued by the JRMR Police and provided information to the JRMR
Police in connection with the 2nd Indonesian Proceedings.

79 In my view, however, there was simply no such admission by the Plaintiffs.
Nowhere in the Plaintiffs’ pleadings do they go so far as to concede that the
2nd SP3 Obligation required them to have their officers physically attend
before the JRMR Police. Still less did they concede that such physical
attendance (by Ms Quek) must have taken place on 17 November 2021 (and no
later). There is nothing here that is fatal to the Plaintiffs’ proposed legal
interpretation.

80 Second, the Defendants also emphasise that it was only after Ms Quek gave
the August 2022 testimony in person that the JRMR Police finally issued the
SP3 on 31 December 2022. According to the Defendants, this confirms that Ms
Quek’s testimony in person was indeed a “necessary step” to procure the JRMR
Police’s issuance of the SP3. Since this step was still “outstanding” as of
November 2021, the Plaintiffs are said to have been in “continuing breach”
from then onwards.

81 Whilst I can accept that the aforementioned fact may well be relevant to
whether Ms Quek’s physical attendance before the JRMR Police was a “necessary
step”, it can hardly be said to be conclusive of the correct legal
interpretation. Moreover, it also does not go to show when the “step” in
question must have been completed in order for the Plaintiffs to be taken as
having complied with their obligation (ie, on 17 November 2021 or on any later
occasion).

82 I accordingly do not think there is anything legally indefensible about the
Plaintiffs’ interpretation of the 2nd SP3 Obligation.

83 Turning next to factual sustainability, the Plaintiffs list the following
positive steps that they had taken to comply with their SP3 Obligations:

(a) On 31 August 2021, on behalf of the 1st Plaintiff, AKSET submitted a
letter (dated 27 August 2021) to the JRMR Police to withdraw the Police Report
and to petition for the issuance of the SP3. On 7 September 2021, AKSET then
submitted the original copy of the letter to the JRMR Police.

(b) On receiving the summons addressed to Mr Kardarchi, AKSET forwarded the
summons to him and requested his attendance before the JRMR Police on the
appointed date. AKSET also sent a letter (dated 16 November 2021) to the JRMR
Police explaining that (i) Mr Kardarchi was no longer a director of the 1st
Plaintiff; (ii) the 1st Plaintiff no longer had access to his business
activities; but (iii) to facilitate the process, the summons had been
forwarded to Mr Kardarchi at his last known office address. No further request
was subsequently received from the JRMR Police with respect to this summons.

(c) As regards the summons addressed to Ms Quek, she was unable to attend in
person before the JRMR Police on the appointed day of 17 November 2021. This
was because: (i) COVID-19-related travel restrictions in Indonesia prohibited
Ms Quek from entering the country from Singapore; and (ii) Ms Quek’s doctor
had also advised her against travelling as she had a pre-existing medical
condition that put her at a higher health risk in the event of a COVID-19
infection.

(d) Nevertheless, to facilitate the JRMR Police’s issuance of the SP3, AKSET
sent the 16 Nov 2021 letter. The letter: (i) explained that Ms Quek was unable
to attend in person because she was “domiciled in Singapore” and had “health
conditions” which restricted her travel during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic;
(ii) annexed a notarised statement by Ms Quek to explain the 1st Plaintiff’s
withdrawal of the Police Report as part of the terms of the Settlement
Agreement; and (iii) asked whether Ms Quek could testify via online means if
additional testimony was still required from her.

(e) The 1st Plaintiff also authorised AKSET to liaise with the JRMR Police to
enquire about the status of the withdrawal of the Police Report and any
further assistance that might be required to facilitate this. To this end,
AKSET met with the JRMR Police on three occasions on 16 December 2021, 11
February 2022 and 1 March 2022. However, the JRMR Police said each time that
the matter was still “pending” without any request for follow-up action by the
Plaintiffs.

(f) Subsequently, after Ms Quek had attended before the JRMR Police to give
the August 2022 testimony, the JRMR Police finally issued the SP3 on 31
December 2022.

84 The Defendants, however, dismiss the Plaintiffs’ efforts as mere “excuses”
and argue as follows:

(a) First, the Plaintiffs did not plead any of these “excuses” as a defence to
the alleged breach of their 2nd SP3 Obligations.

(b) Second, in relation to the 16 Nov 2021 letter, there is no evidence to
confirm that the JRMR Police had (i) accepted any of Ms Quek’s excuses as a
justification for her non-attendance; and/or (ii) agreed to allowing Ms Quek
to testify via online means.

(c) Third, the follow-up meetings between AKSET and the JRMR Police are not
pleaded. In any event, even taking the Plaintiffs’ case at its highest, the
JRMR Police had stated that “the status was still pending” as of March 2022
when the present Suit was commenced. This demonstrates that “the SP3 issue was
far from resolved even back then” and it was therefore “premature and
erroneous for the Plaintiffs to have assumed that they had complied with their
SP3 Obligations”.

85 In my judgment, these criticisms fail entirely to meet the high threshold
required to show that the Plaintiffs’ case is factually unsustainable. To
begin with, the Defendants offer little basis to deny that the Plaintiffs
actually took the positive steps that they say they did. Insofar as the
Defendants argue that such steps fell short of complying with the Plaintiffs’
SP3 Obligations, that would simply be a matter for trial.

86 It is true that in their pleadings, the Plaintiffs did not specify all the
positive steps that they had allegedly taken to comply with their SP3
Obligations. Nevertheless, they did at least plead that they had provided
information and responded to the summons issued by the JRMR Police by way of
the 16 Nov 2021 letter and the August 2022 testimony. Even if the Plaintiffs’
factual case is limited to these two steps, they would still have a defensible
case given the documentary evidence they had adduced in support (see
[83(c)-(d)] above). Moreover, the Plaintiffs would still be entitled to
advance their legal interpretation of the 2nd SP3 Obligation (at [76(b)]
above), and to argue that the 16 Nov 2021 letter sufficed for the purposes of
complying with their obligation in view of the prevailing circumstances in
November 2021.

87 I am consequently satisfied that the Plaintiffs have a tenable case in fact
and at law as regards the alleged breaches of their SP3 Obligations. Since
these alleged breaches represent the Defendants’ only defence for the non-
payment of the 21 Nov instalment, it follows that the Plaintiffs’ claim in
respect of such non-payment ought to also stand. I therefore decline to strike
out the Plaintiffs’ claim under O 18 r 19(1)(b).

Whether there is an abuse of the Court’s process

88 For much the same reasons discussed above, I do not think there is any
abuse of process here. The Plaintiffs have a perfectly reasonable claim for
breach of contract. Contrary to the Defendants’ submission, there is nothing
to suggest that the Plaintiffs had instituted this suit without a valid cause
of action as a means to vex or oppress them. The Defendants’ application to
strike out the Plaintiffs’ action under O 18 r 19(1)(d) and/or the court’s
inherent jurisdiction must also fail.

The alleged non-discontinuance of the 1st Indonesian Proceedings

89 For the sake of completeness, I refer to the Plaintiffs’ fresh allegation
at [39] above that the Defendants had breached their obligations under Clause
A(1)(3) to discontinue the 1st Indonesian Proceedings and any appeal
therefrom. The Defendants contend that this allegation is a non-starter
because it is not even pleaded; the allegation is thus said to be “not only
irrelevant in this suit, but also in this striking out application”. It
suffices to say that I agree with the Defendants on this score, in line with
the general rule that parties are bound by their pleadings (as discussed at
[53]-[61] earlier). I only add that the Defendants cannot then be heard to
complain when their unpleaded defence of waiver fails for the same reason.

90 In any event, the Plaintiffs’ counsel clarified in the hearing before me
that they are not relying on this alleged breach as a substantive ground for
resisting the striking out application. Counsel explained that the Plaintiffs
had merely raised this in relation to the issue of costs. Whether the court is
entitled to take such unpleaded allegations into account as a matter of costs
can be dealt with at the appropriate juncture. Given the circumstances, I need
not say any more at this time.

Conclusion

91 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the Defendants have failed to
establish any of the grounds for striking out. The striking out application
under O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC 2014 is therefore dismissed in its entirety. I
will hear parties on costs at a later date.

Andre Sim  
Assistant Registrar  
---  
  
Adrian Wong Soon Peng, Sarah Sim Hui Li and Sia Bao Huei (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for the applicant defendants;

Oommen Mathew, Lim Si Cheng and See Wern Hao (Omni Law LLC) for the respondent
plaintiffs.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 03 May 2023 (11:02 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

