Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 296

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9112 of 2023

Between

| Kandasamy Senapathi  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Criminal Law — Appeal]

[Criminal Law — Offences — Property — Criminal breach of trust]

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other
Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed)]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kandasamy Senapathi

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2023] SGHC 296

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9112 of 2023  
Vincent Hoong J  
17 October 2023

17 October 2023

Vincent Hoong J:

Introduction

1 Mr Kandasamy Senapathi (the “Appellant”) was employed by the Hindu
Endowments Board (“HEB”) as a priest of the Sri Mariamman Temple (the
“Temple”) from 20 December 2013 to 30 March 2020. Between 2016 and 2020, the
Appellant committed various offences of criminal breach of trust relating to
the pawning of pieces of gold jewellery belonging to the Temple. He also
transferred part of the pawn proceeds out of jurisdiction.

2 The Appellant pleaded guilty to and was convicted on the following four
charges:

(a) two amalgamated charges of criminal breach of trust under s 408 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) read with ss 124(2) and
124(8)(a)(i) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”)
involving sums of $1,539,950 and $399,750 (the “CBT Charges”); and

(b) two amalgamated charges of removing benefits of criminal conduct from
jurisdiction under s 47(1)(b) and punishable under s 47(6)(a) of the
Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”) read with s 124(2) of the CPC
involving sums of $54,803.86 and $54,392.45 (the “CDSA Charges”).

3 The Appellant also consented to six other charges to be taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing. These comprised three
amalgamated charges of criminal breach of trust under s 408 of the Penal Code
read with s 124(2) of the CPC, and three amalgamated charges of removing
benefits of criminal conduct from jurisdiction under s 47(1)(b) and punishable
under s 47(6)(a) of the CDSA read with s 124(2) of the CPC.

4 The District Judge (the “DJ”) imposed individual sentences of five years’
imprisonment and four years’ imprisonment for the two CBT Charges, and 12
months’ imprisonment for each of the two CDSA Charges. The DJ ordered for two
of the individual sentences to run consecutively, thereby leading to a total
sentence of five years’ and 12 months’ imprisonment. The DJ’s grounds of
decision are set out in Public Prosecutor v Kandasamy Senapathi [2023] SGDC
122 (the “DJ’s GD”).

5 The Appellant is dissatisfied with the sentences imposed by the DJ and has
filed an appeal against the sentences imposed.

6 I begin by summarising the salient facts to which the Appellant pleaded
guilty in the court below.

Facts

7 The Appellant first served in the Temple as the former Chief Priest’s
second-in-charge. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal (“ROA”) at p 16: Statement of Facts (“SOF”) at para 1.

Sometime in July 2018, the Appellant was promoted to Chief Priest of the
Temple. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROA at p 16: SOF at para 1.

In the course of his duties, the Appellant was entrusted by the Temple’s
management with the keys and combination number code to the Temple’s safe
which contained 225 pieces of gold jewellery which were meant to adorn the
Hindu deities during special prayers or events. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROA at p 16: SOF at para 2.

Since 2014, the Appellant was the only individual who had access to the keys
and combination number code to the safe. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROA at p 16: SOF at para 3.

8 Between 2016 and 2020, the Appellant pawned a total of 66 distinct pieces of
the Temple’s gold jewellery at various pawnshops on 172 occasions. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROA at p 17: SOF at para 7.

The Appellant’s scheme involved him “rolling” the pieces of jewellery which he
pawned, ie, he would pawn a piece of jewellery, receive the pawn proceeds, and
then return on another day to redeem the first piece of jewellery using a
second piece of jewellery. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROA at p 17: SOF at para 7.

9 The Appellant’s conduct went undetected prior to 2020 as the Appellant was
able to borrow sufficient money to redeem all the pieces of jewellery which
were pawned whenever he learnt of a scheduled audit. Once the audit was
completed, the Appellant would then pawn the Temple’s jewellery again to repay
the money which he had borrowed. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROA at p 18: SOF at para 8.

10 By engaging in the conduct described above, the Appellant obtained pawn
proceeds totalling $2,328,760. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROA at p 18: SOF at para 9.

The Appellant would then deposit a portion of this sum into his bank account
and remit it to Indian bank accounts. A total sum of $141,054.90 was remitted
by the Appellant out of jurisdiction. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROA at p 18: SOF at para 9.

11 In July 2020, the Appellant’s offences came to light when a routine audit,
which was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, was scheduled. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROA at pp 16 to 17: SOF at paras 4 to 5.

The Appellant initially tried to avoid detection of his offences by informing
a member of the finance team of the Temple that he did not have the key to the
safe as he had left it in India. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROA at pp 16 to 17: SOF at para 4.

However, when the Appellant was told that the audit had to be conducted and
that the safe may have to be broken for its contents to be audited, the
Appellant confessed to pawning the Temple’s jewellery. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROA at p 17: SOF at para 5.

At the time of his confession, the Appellant had pawned 17 pieces of gold
jewellery belonging to the Temple. He subsequently borrowed about $521,000
from friends to redeem the 17 pieces of gold jewellery and returned them to
the Temple. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROA at p 17: SOF at para 6.

As all the pieces of gold jewellery had been returned to the Temple, the
Temple suffered no loss. Notably, however, the sum of $141,054.90 which was
remitted by the Appellant out of jurisdiction was not recovered.

The DJ’s decision on sentence

12 In relation to the CBT Charges, the DJ imposed a sentence of five years’
imprisonment for the charge involving a sum of $1,539,950 and a sentence of
four years’ imprisonment for the charge involving a sum of $399,750. In
determining the sentences for the CBT Charges, the DJ considered the
following:

(a) First, the DJ considered the amount misappropriated as a key indicator of
the harm perpetrated and the culpability of the offender in offences of
criminal breach of trust. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROA at pp 95 to 96: DJ’s GD at [31], citing Public Prosecutor v Ewe Pang Kooi
[2019] SGHC 166 at [9].

In the present case, the amount misappropriated, being the total pawn proceeds
obtained by the Appellant from pawning the Temple’s gold jewellery, was
$2,328,760. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROA at p 96: DJ’s GD at [32].

Based on the precedents, sentences in the range of five years’ imprisonment
were imposed for cases involving misappropriation of between $67,000 and $1.5
million. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROA at pp 96 to 98: DJ’s GD at [33].

Therefore, the DJ found that the preliminary sentence for the charge involving
a sum of $1,539,950 was five years’ imprisonment, while the preliminary
sentence for the charge involving a sum of $399,750 was four years’
imprisonment. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROA at p 98: DJ’s GD at [34].

(b) The DJ next considered the aggravating factors. In particular, the DJ
considered that the Appellant’s culpability was high given the high degree of
trust reposed in him as the Chief Priest. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROA at p 98: DJ’s GD at [35].

Further, the misconduct led to the loss of trust and confidence in the
Temple’s management and the HEB. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROA at p 98: DJ’s GD at [35].

The Appellant also abused the trust placed in him over four years, and only
ceased offending when he was unable to prevent his criminal acts from being
exposed by the 2020 audit. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROA at pp 98 to 99: DJ’s GD at [36].

Further, the Appellant showed premeditation and a high degree of planning as
he took steps to cover his tracks during prior annual audits by redeeming and
returning all the jewellery beforehand. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROA at pp 98 to 99: DJ’s GD at [36].

Lastly, the Appellant obtained a large amount of pawn proceeds, ie,
$2,328,760. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROA at p 99: DJ’s GD at [37].

These aggravating factors warranted an uplift of one year’s imprisonment for
each of the two CBT Charges. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROA at p 99: DJ’s GD at [38].

(c) The DJ then considered the mitigating factors. In particular, he noted
that the Appellant had made full restitution, by way of redeeming the
remaining 17 pieces of gold jewellery and returning them to the Temple. This
was done by the Appellant before the Temple lodged a police report, thereby
indicating genuine remorse. Further, no loss was caused to the Temple. These
mitigating factors, therefore, warranted a reduction of one year’s
imprisonment for each of the two CBT Charges. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROA at p 99: DJ’s GD at [39].

13 In relation to the CDSA Charges, the DJ imposed a sentence of 12 months’
imprisonment for each charge. In determining the sentences for the CDSA
Charges, the DJ considered the following:

(a) First, the DJ considered the offence-specific harm and culpability factors
set out in Huang Ying-Chun v Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR 606 (“Huang Ying-
Chun”). The DJ recognised that the offence which arose for consideration in
Huang Ying-Chun and for which a sentencing framework was devised was an
offence under s 44(1)(a) of the CDSA. Even though the CDSA Charges in the
present case related to offences under s 47(1)(b) of the CDSA, the DJ found
that the offence-specific harm and culpability factors were relevant. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROA at p 100: DJ’s GD at [41].

The DJ found that the following offence-specific factors were present on the
facts:

(i) In relation to the factors going towards harm: (A) there was a
transnational element given the transfer of the criminal proceeds out of
jurisdiction; and (B) there was a loss of public confidence in the Temple and
HEB as a result of the Appellant’s offences. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROA at p 101: DJ’s GD at [43].

(ii) In relation to the factors going towards culpability: (A) the duration of
offending was a sustained period of four years; (B) the Appellant had abused
his position as Chief Priest, which gave him unrestricted access and total
control over the jewellery; (C) the Appellant committed a serious abuse of
trust by pawning the jewellery and remitting some of the proceeds to India;
(D) the Appellant was the sole actor and committed the predicate criminal
breach of trust offences; and (E) the Appellant’s offending conduct only
ceased because he was no longer able to conceal his misdeeds as a result of
the scheduled audit in 2020. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROA at p 101: DJ’s GD at [44].

(b) Second, the DJ considered the case precedents cited by the parties to
conclude that sentences of 12 months’ imprisonment were given for CDSA
offences involving amounts of $47,651 and $65,116.10. This involved, inter
alia, a consideration of an unreported precedent cited by the Prosecution,
Public Prosecutor v Ariel Biasong Salamanes (DAC-928060-2018 and others). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROA at p 101: DJ’s GD at [45].

14 The DJ ordered the following individual sentences to run consecutively: the
sentence of five years’ imprisonment imposed in respect to the CBT Charge
involving a sum of $1,539,950 and the sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment for
one of the CDSA Charges. This, therefore, resulted in an aggregate sentence of
five years’ and 12 months’ imprisonment. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROA at p 102: DJ’s GD at [48].

The Appellant’s arguments on appeal

15 I begin by highlighting that the Appellant had initially filed a Petition
of Appeal (“POA”) and written submissions when he was not represented.
Thereafter, the Appellant appointed Mr Divanan s/o V Narkunan (“Mr Divanan”)
to assist him in this appeal. Soon after Mr Divanan was appointed, the
Appellant filed Criminal Motion No 68 of 2023 (“CM 68”), where the Appellant
sought permission to amend his POA to include 11 additional grounds to support
his appeal against sentence. While the Prosecution initially did not consent
to the Appellant being granted permission to introduce additional grounds of
appeal, the Prosecution ultimately consented for CM 68 to be dealt with by
consent pursuant to s 408A(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev
Ed) based on a shortened list of six additional grounds of appeal. Given the
parties’ agreement on the six additional grounds of appeal, on 5 October 2023,
I allowed the Appellant to amend his POA to include the six additional grounds
of appeal.

16 The Appellant now makes the following arguments in his appeal against
sentence:

(a) First, the Appellant argues that the sentences imposed in relation to the
CBT Charges are manifestly excessive and ought to be reduced to 4.5 years’
imprisonment and 3.5 years’ imprisonment respectively. The Appellant makes
three points in support of this argument: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s Submissions dated 6 October 2023 (“Appellant’s 6 October
Submissions”) at para 10.

(i) The DJ erred by focusing only on the misappropriated sum as particularised
in the CBT Charges, without having regard to the amounts reflected in the CDSA
Charges which showed that the benefits actually obtained by the Appellant was
a mere faction of the total pawn proceeds. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at paras 11 to 23.

(ii) The aggravating factors in the present ought not to have contributed to
an uplift of one year’s imprisonment for each of the two CBT Charges. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at paras 24 to 26.

(iii) The DJ erred by placing excessive reliance on unreported precedents. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at paras 27 to 29.

(b) Second, the Appellant argues that the sentences imposed in relation to the
CDSA Charges are wrong in principle and are manifestly excessive. He submits
that a sentence of seven to eight months’ imprisonment ought to have been
imposed for each of the two CDSA Charges. The Appellant makes the following
points in support of this argument:

(i) The DJ erred in relying on the sentencing framework set out in Huang Ying-
Chun which was devised for offences falling under a different provision of the
CDSA. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at paras 36 to 39.

(ii) The DJ erred in placing undue weight on unreported precedents. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at paras 40 to 44.

(iii) The DJ erred by failing to consider and apply the sentencing ranges laid
down in Public Prosecutor v Ho Man Yuk [2017] SGDC 23 (“Ho Man Yuk”) for
offences under s 47(1)(b) and punishable under s 47(6)(a) of the CDSA. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at paras 46 to 48.

My decision

Whether the appeal against sentence in relation to the CBT Charges ought to be
allowed

17 Having considered the Appellant’s arguments as well as the Prosecution’s
submissions, I am of the view that the individual sentences imposed in
relation to the CBT Charges cannot be said to be manifestly excessive. Let me
briefly explain.

Whether the DJ erred in considering the amounts misappropriated as reflected
in the CBT Charges

18 First, I am unable to agree with the Appellant’s argument that the DJ erred
by focusing only on the misappropriated sums as particularised in the CBT
Charges and without having regard for the amounts encapsulated in the CDSA
Charges which showed the benefits actually obtained by the Appellant.

19 As the DJ had correctly recognised, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ROA at pp 95 to 96: DJ’s GD at [31].

in property offences such as criminal breach of trust, the amount
misappropriated is a key indicator of the harm perpetrated and the culpability
of the offender: see Public Prosecutor v Ewe Pang Kooi [2019] SGHC 166 at [9]
and Wong Kai Chuen Philip v Public Prosecutor [1990] 2 SLR(R) 361 at [18].
Therefore, the DJ was correct to have considered the amount misappropriated in
determining the preliminary sentences to be imposed for the CBT Charges.

20 The Appellant argues that DJ erred in considering the pawn proceeds
obtained by the Appellant by pawning the pieces of gold jewellery belonging to
the Temple (ie, the sums of $1,539,950 and $399,750). While he accepts that he
had received these sums as pawn proceeds, he points to the “unique fact
pattern” 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at para 12.

in the present case where the Appellant was “rolling” the pieces of jewellery
which he pawned (see [7] above). Given his modus operandi, the Appellant
states that most of the pawn proceeds were, in fact, used by him to pay off
the principal sums as well as the interest which he owed to the respective
pawnshops when he sought to redeem the pawned items. Therefore, he states that
his only real benefits were the sums totalling $141,054.90 as reflected in the
CDSA Charges. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at paras 18 to 19.

21 I am unable to agree with this argument. When the Appellant pawned the
pieces of gold jewellery, he received the pawn proceeds as reflected in the
CBT Charges. These pawn proceeds represented the value of the pieces of gold
jewellery which the Appellant had misappropriated. How the Appellant chose to
use the pawn proceeds subsequently is irrelevant to determining the sum
misappropriated in each of the CBT Charges.

22 In asking this Court to focus only on the fact that the Appellant was
ultimately able to remit just the sum of $141,054.90 out of jurisdiction, the
Appellant seeks to minimise the extent of his criminal conduct. While the
Appellant may not have been able to transfer the pawn proceeds in full out of
jurisdiction, this was because he had instead used the pawn proceeds to pay
off the amounts owed to the pawnshops in order to redeem the pieces of gold
jewellery belonging to the Temple, and to continue his scheme of “rolling” the
pieces of gold jewellery undetected. It was always open to the Appellant to
redeem the pieces of gold jewellery from the pawnshops at his own expense and
cease his offending conduct. Instead, he perpetrated a scheme where he could
repeatedly pawn pieces of gold jewellery belonging to the Temple and cover the
amounts owed to the pawnshops by using the pawn proceeds obtained. Here, it is
also important to remember that the sums which he owed to the pawnshops were a
result of his own unlawful conduct of pawning items which had been
misappropriated. In my view, therefore, the Appellant cannot now point to his
use of a portion of the pawn proceeds to continue his offending conduct and
avoid detection to argue that the sums misappropriated were lower. This is
simply a disingenuous argument.

23 More significantly, as the Prosecution highlights, it is clear from the
proceedings in the court below that the Appellant never particularised how
much of the pawn proceeds were actually used to redeem the pieces of gold
jewellery which he had pawned and to pay the sums which he owed to the
pawnshops. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Respondent’s Supplementary Submissions dated 11 October 2023 (“Respondent’s
Supplementary Submissions”) at para 9.

In the absence of such particularisation, the Appellant’s assertion is a bare
one and cannot be accepted by this Court.

24 Given the above, the DJ was correct to focus on the amounts misappropriated
as reflected in the CBT Charges to arrive at the preliminary sentences to be
imposed on the CBT Charges.

Whether the DJ erred in his treatment of the aggravating factors and
mitigating factors

25 Second, I am unable to agree with the Appellant that the DJ erred in his
treatment of the aggravating factors and mitigating factors.

26 The Appellant submits that his offences involved a low level of planning
and were unsophisticated, that no special means was employed by him in pawning
the pieces of gold jewellery and that his offences were not complicated. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at para 25.

I do not agree with this characterisation of the Appellant’s offences. It is
clear from the Statement of Facts that the Appellant’s offences were carefully
designed so as to allow him access to immediate funds as and when he required.
The Appellant gained access to such funds by pawning the pieces of gold
jewellery to which he had unfettered access because of his position in the
Temple. Further, the Appellant even took active steps to avoid detection. From
2016 to 2019, the Appellant would borrow money to redeem and return the pawned
pieces of jewellery on each occasion when he learnt that an audit was
scheduled. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ROA at p 18: SOF at para 8.

The Appellant’s scheme was thus carefully planned to avoid detection. The DJ,
therefore, did not err in finding that that there was a high degree of
planning and premeditation.

27 The Appellant submits that the DJ erred in considering that there was a
high degree of trust reposed in the Appellant. According to the Appellant,
such degree of trust reposed was already reflected in the charges of criminal
breach of trust by a servant, being more serious offences than criminal breach
of trust simpliciter. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at para 25(f).

In my view, the Appellant’s argument fails to account for the fact that there
was a special responsibility and degree of trust reposed in the Appellant in
the present case. The Appellant was initially the Chief Priest’s second-in-
charge, and later, the Chief Priest. By virtue of his position, he was the
only employee entrusted with the keys and combination number code to the safe
in the Temple. As the Prosecution correctly highlights, it is trite that the
quality and degree of trust reposed in an offender in such offences is a
factor relevant to determining the appropriate sentence. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondent’s Supplementary Submissions at para 14(c).

In my view, the DJ did not err in any way in finding that there was a high
degree of trust reposed in the Appellant.

28 Finally, the Appellant points to the fact that his offences were not
syndicated offences. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at para 25(g).

In my view, however, this was neither an aggravating factor nor a mitigating
factor.

29 In the circumstances, I find that the DJ did not err in his assessment of
the aggravating and mitigating factors in the present case as I have
summarised at [11(b)] and [11(c)] above.

Whether the DJ erred in his treatment of the precedents

30 Third, I do not agree with the Appellant that the DJ erred in his treatment
of the precedents cited by the parties. As is made clear from the DJ’s GD (at
[33]), the DJ had applied his mind to and considered the precedents cited in
the court below. While the Appellant has sought to argue that the DJ ought to
have placed greater weight on some of these precedents, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at paras 27 to 29.

I do not find the Appellant’s arguments to be convincing.

Whether the appeal against sentence in relation to the CDSA Charges ought to
be allowed

31 I next consider the Appellant’s arguments in relation to the CDSA Charges.

Whether the DJ erred in considering the offence-specific factors in Huang
Ying-Chun and failing to consider the sentencing ranges in Ho Man Yuk

32 The Appellant’s key argument in relation to the CDSA Charges is two-fold.
First, the Appellant states that the DJ ought not to have considered the
offence-specific factors set out in Huang Ying-Chun since the framework
related to offences under s 44(1)(a) of the CDSA. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at paras 36 to 39.

Second, the Appellant states that the DJ ought to have instead considered and
applied the sentencing ranges laid out in Ho Man Yuk since these related
directly to offences under s 47(1)(b) of the CDSA which formed the CDSA
Charges the Appellant was convicted on. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at paras 46 to 48.

(1) Whether the DJ ought to have considered and applied the sentencing ranges
in Ho Man Yuk

33 I begin by considering the sentencing ranges in Ho Man Yuk. In Ho Man Yuk,
the District Court stated the following (at [141]) when setting out sentencing
ranges for offences under s 47(1)(b) of the CDSA:

141 In summary, taking into account the various considerations in this case,
including the amounts involved for the present CDSA offences as compared to
the relevant precedent cases, the fact that the money involved in the present
case was recovered (through not strictly speaking “restituted” …), and the
fact that no “plead guilty” sentencing discount should operate, I applied the
following sentencing ranges which did not significantly deviate from the
Prosecution’s sentencing range, except that they were lower than that proposed
by the Prosecution in certain instances:

(a) For amounts less than $5,000 – 2 weeks’ imprisonment;

(b) For amounts from $5,000 to less than $10,000 – 1 months’ imprisonment;

(c) For amounts from $10,000 to less than $40,000 – 2 – 4 months’
imprisonment;

(d) For amounts from $40,000 to less than $100,000 – 5 – 9 months’
imprisonment;

(e) For amounts from $100,000 to less than $300,000 – 10 – 11 months’
imprisonment; and

(f) For amounts from $300,000 to $500,000 – 12 – 13 months’ imprisonment.

34 First, it is important to recognise that the sentencing ranges in Ho Man
Yuk were issued by a District Court. The Appellant states that Ho Man Yuk
“holds precedential authority for cases under s 47(1)(b)” 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at para 46.

of the CDSA. The Appellant also highlights the fact that the sentences imposed
in Ho Man Yuk were upheld on appeal. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at para 48.

However, in my view, it is important to recognise that while the specific
sentences in relation to the CDSA charges in Ho Man Yuk were upheld in Shaikh
Farid v Public Prosecutor and other appeals [2017] 5 SLR 1081, See J (as he
then was) did not comment specifically on the appropriateness of the
sentencing ranges set out by the court below. In fact, in his subsequent
decision in Chong Kum Heng v Public Prosecutor [2020] 4 SLR 1056 (“Chong Kum
Heng”), See J stated unequivocally (at [70]) that he had not commented
specifically on the appropriateness of the sentencing ranges set out in Ho Man
Yuk.

35 Second, the Appellant points to the fact that the sentencing ranges in Ho
Man Yuk were considered and applied in the subsequent High Court decisions of
Chong Kum Heng and Public Prosecutor v Juandi bin Pungot [2022] 5 SLR 470
(“Juandi bin Pungot”). In my view, it is important to carefully examine the
court’s treatment in these decisions of the sentencing ranges in Ho Man Yuk:

(a) In Chong Kum Heng, See J commented on the sentencing ranges set out in Ho
Man Yuk, stating (at [70]) that it would be more rational and helpful when
setting out a general guide to ensure that the respective sentencing ranges
suggested do not leave gaps in between the respective bands. See J then set
out indicative broad sentencing bands for CDSA charges which involve amounts
up to $40,000 (without commenting further on charges where the amounts are
above $40,000, since that did not feature in Chong Kum Heng).

(b) In Juandi bin Pungot, Hoo J considered the sentencing ranges issued in Ho
Man Yuk, because the ranges were relied on by both the prosecution and the
defence. Hoo J stated that she broadly agreed with the approach (at [73]), but
only made reference to two of the ranges set out in Ho Man Yuk (for amounts of
$100,000 to $300,000, and $300,000 to $500,000). However, even then, Hoo J
found (at [76]) that an uplift from the ranges was necessary to take into
account that the facts in Juandi bin Pungot were more egregious than Ho Man
Yuk.

36 What this means, therefore, is that the sentencing ranges which have been
issued by the District Court in Ho Man Yuk have not been specifically endorsed
in its entirety by an appellate court thus far. While the sentencing ranges in
Ho Man Yuk have sometimes been used as a reference point for determining the
appropriate sentence, adjustments have had to be made to the sentencing ranges
for two reasons: (a) the sentencing ranges do not sufficiently address the
fact that s 47(1)(b) of the CDSA is an offence-creating provision which can
capture a wide range of offences with differing severity, given that the
sentencing ranges are only based on one consideration (ie, the amounts in the
charge); and (b) the sentencing ranges have a clear shortcoming as seen by the
gaps left in between the respective bands.

37 More crucially, as was noted in Public Prosecutor v Sindok Trading Pte Ltd
(now known as BSS Global Pte Ltd) and other appeals [2022] 5 SLR 336 at [29],
sentencing frameworks and benchmarks should generally be left to the appellate
court. Further, sentencing frameworks and benchmarks should only be imposed
when there are sufficient cases, and should not be imposed a priori generally.

38 Given the above, my views are as follows:

(a) First, I do not find that the sentencing ranges set out by the District
Court in Ho Man Yuk were binding on the court below in the present case.

(b) Second, as was observed in Chong Kum Heng (at [70]), I note that there is
a glaring issue with the sentencing ranges set out in Ho Man Yuk, since they
leave gaps in between the respective bands. Further, the sentencing ranges set
out in Ho Man Yuk was designed specifically to cover cases where the moneys
which are the subject of the offence under s 47(1)(b) of the CDSA are
recovered. Therefore, the ranges may only apply to a limited set of cases and
may have limited utility in the wider range of offences falling under s
47(1)(b) of the CDSA. Finally, as the Prosecution has correctly observed,
while the decision in Ho Man Yuk set out sentencing ranges principally based
on the amounts reflected in the CDSA charges, the quantum laundered cannot be
the only determining factor for such CDSA offences. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Respondent’s Supplementary Submissions at para 34.

There are other factors which need to be factored into the analysis (as laid
out in the harm-culpability framework in Huang Ying-Chun which I will consider
below). For these reasons, I do not endorse the sentencing ranges in Ho Man
Yuk, and the sentencing ranges should not be regarded as operative.

(c) Further, I do not seek to lay down a sentencing framework or benchmark for
offences under s 47(1)(b) of the CDSA in the present case. The parties in this
appeal have not proposed the laying down of such a framework or benchmark.
Further, given the unique facts of the present case, I do not find that this
is an appropriate case for a sentencing framework or benchmark to be laid down
covering offences under s 47(1)(b) of the CDSA.

39 While I have already stated that I do not endorse the sentencing ranges in
Ho Man Yuk and that the sentencing ranges should not be regarded as operative,
I should nevertheless add that the individual sentences of 12 months’
imprisonment imposed by the DJ in relation to the CDSA Charges cannot be said
to be manifestly excessive even if the sentencing ranges in Ho Man Yuk are
considered (ie, five to nine months’ imprisonment for charges covering amounts
from $40,000 to less than $100,000):

(a) First, the sentencing ranges in Ho Man Yuk were set out on the basis that
the monetary sum in Ho Man Yuk was recovered. In the present case, there was
no recovery of the sums which were the subject of the CDSA charges (being the
amount totalling $141,054.90 which was remitted by the Appellant to bank
accounts in India). While the Appellant had made full restitution, this was in
relation to the pieces of gold jewellery belonging to the Temple which the
Appellant redeemed and returned to the Temple (see [11] above). In my view,
such restitution is only relevant in so far as the CBT Charges are concerned.
However, the point remains that, in relation to the CDSA Charges, the amounts
were transferred out of jurisdiction and were not recovered.

(b) Second, the duration of offending in relation to the CDSA charges here was
four years, which is significantly longer than the duration of offending in Ho
Man Yuk of seven days. Further, the total number of remittances and transfers
was also higher (40 in the present case versus a maximum of 26 for one of the
offenders in Ho Man Yuk).

(c) Third, the circumstances surrounding the offences were also more egregious
in the present case, given the manner in which the Appellant had abused the
trust reposed in him as Chief Priest by remitting the criminal proceeds
derived from his sustained offending, as opposed to the offenders in Ho Man
Yuk whose CDSA offences were borne out of opportunistic conduct while at a
casino.

(2) Whether the DJ erred by considering the offence-specific factors set out
in Huang Ying-Chun

40 Given my above finding that the sentencing ranges set out by the District
Court in Ho Man Yuk were not binding on the court below, I find that the DJ
correctly considered the offence-specific factors set out in Huang Ying-Chun.

41 While it is correct that the offence which arose for consideration in Huang
Ying-Chun and for which a sentencing framework was devised was an offence
under s 44(1)(a) of the CDSA (ie, an offence for assisting another to retain
benefits from criminal conduct), I agree with the Prosecution that many of the
offence-specific factors set out in Huang Ying-Chun would be equally
applicable to a case involving an offence under s 47(1)(b) of the CDSA (ie, an
offence of laundering one’s own benefits from criminal conduct). As the
Prosecution observes, the underlying criminality of both type of offences
under the CDSA are the same, given that they target conduct seeking to
conceal, remit or transfer criminal benefits. Further, the prescribed
punishments for both offences are also the same. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Respondent’s Supplementary Submissions at para 28.

In my view, therefore, the offence-specific factors in Huang Ying-Chun are
relevant to offences under s 47(1)(b) of the CDSA.

42 As is clear from the DJ’s GD (at [43]–[44]), the DJ had carefully
considered the offence-specific factors set out in Huang Ying-Chun which
featured in the present case. Following an assessment of the harm caused and
the Appellant’s culpability, the DJ correctly arrived at the sentence of 12
months’ imprisonment for each of the two CDSA Charges.

43 In arriving at this decision, the DJ considered the precedents cited in the
court below. The Appellant takes issue with the DJ’s reliance on unreported
precedents in this regard. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Appellant’s 6 October Submissions at paras 40 to 44.

While I agree with the Appellant generally that unreported precedents have
little precedential value given that they are unreasoned (as I had previously
stated in Toh Suat Leng Jennifer v Public Prosecutor [2022] 5 SLR 1075 at
[51]), I do not find that the DJ significantly relied on unreported precedents
in arriving at the sentences for the CDSA Charges. The DJ’s GD makes clear
that his decision was ultimately founded on his assessment of the offence-
specific factors which featured in the present case.

Conclusion

44 For the above reasons, I do not find that the individual sentences imposed
by the DJ were manifestly excessive. Neither can the total sentence of five
years’ and 12 months’ imprisonment be said to be manifestly excessive in view
of the aggravating factors in the present case.

45 In fact, if at all, the individual sentences imposed on the proceeded CBT
Charges and CDSA Charges were lenient, given that the charges were amalgamated
under s 124(2) of the CPC. This meant that s 124(8)(a)(i) of the CPC applied,
which doubled the court’s sentencing jurisdiction. As I had previously stated
in Public Prosecutor v Song Hauming Oskar and another appeal [2021] 5 SLR 965
(at [69]), the device of amalgamation is not merely administrative or
procedural in nature. Rather, amalgamation may be used to signal the higher
criminality of an accused person and the gravity of his criminal conduct. This
is precisely why s 124(8)(a)(i) doubles the maximum punishment which may be
imposed. While I had stated the point above in the context of amalgamation
under s 124(4) of the CPC, this would similarly apply to amalgamation under s
124(2) of the CPC. However, the Prosecution did not file an appeal in the
present case. The Prosecution also did not make any arguments on the effect of
amalgamation in the court below or in the course of this appeal. Therefore, I
see no reason to disturb the sentences imposed by the DJ.

46 The Appellant’s appeal against sentence is therefore dismissed.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Divanan s/o V Narkunan (Phoenix Law Corporation) for the appellant;

Lynn Tan and Benjamin Low (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Oct 2023 (12:05 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

