Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 242

Originating Application No 261 of 2023

Between

| Abcom Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

(1)(2)| TransAsia Private Capital LimitedTA Private Capital Security Agent
Limited  
---|---  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Credit And Security — Remedies — Winding-up — Injunction to restrain bringing
of winding up application]

[Insolvency Law — Winding up — Statutory Demand]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Abcom Pte Ltd

  
v

  

TransAsia Private Capital Ltd and another

[2023] SGHC 242

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 261 of 2023  
Philip Jeyaretnam J  
27 July 2023

31 August 2023

Philip Jeyaretnam J:

Introduction

1 By this originating application the claimant sought an injunction to
restrain the defendant from bringing a winding up application against it,
asserting that it disputed that the debt is due and payable in good faith and
on substantial grounds and that the underlying loan transaction is
unenforceable under the Moneylenders Act 2008 (2020 Rev Ed) (“Moneylenders
Act”). When the application came on for hearing before me on 27 July 2023, I
dismissed it. On 10 August 2023, the claimant appealed. I now explain why I
dismissed the application.

Facts

The parties

2 The claimant is Abcom Pte Ltd, a Singapore company. I shall refer to it as
Abcom. The first defendant is TransAsia Private Capital Limited, a Hong Kong
company that is the manager of the Asian Trade Finance Fund, a sub-fund of the
TA Asian Multi-Finance Fund. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Jiffriy Chandra dated 18 April 2023 (“Affidavit of Jiffriy
Chandra”) at p 34.

I shall refer to the first defendant as TransAsia Capital. Abcom was the
borrower under a facility agreement dated 13 August 2019 (“ATFF-ABCOM FA”), 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Bharat Mandloi dated 20 March 2023 (“Affidavit of Bharat
Mandloi”) at pp 69–91, Exhibit “BM-5”.

while TransAsia Capital was the lender. The second defendant is TA Private
Capital Security Agent Ltd, the security agent for the first defendant in
relation to this lending arrangement, and as such entitled to enforce the
security given by Abcom in the event of default. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Jiffriy Chandra at paras 20–22.

I shall refer to it as TA Capital. Collectively, I shall refer to them as the
defendants.

Background to the dispute

3 Parties entered into an amended facility agreement dated 14 March 2022
(“Amended ATFF-ABCOM FA”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Bharat Mandloi at pp 95–101, Exhibit “BM-6”.

By cl 1.4 read with cl 2, Abcom acknowledged that as of 25 February 2022, the
outstanding amount of principal was US$12,374,888.65 and the outstanding
amount of interest, fees and charges was a further US$1,050,420.42. By cl 6.4
of the Amended ATFF-ABCOM FA, the governing law was the law of Singapore, and
the Singapore Courts had exclusive jurisdiction to hear disputes in connection
with it.

4 The nature of the facility that was extended was trade finance, for the
purpose of financing the commodity trading undertaken by Abcom. Unfortunately,
in Abcom’s telling, it had “repayment difficulties arising from a series of
international events including COVID-19, the London Metal Exchange crisis
arising from the Russia-Ukraine war and other issues beyond [its] control”
[emphasis in original omitted]. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 20 July 2023 (“CWS”) at para 26.

5 Abcom emailed the defendants on 19 July 2022, explaining its difficulties
and requesting a “six-month moratorium” while saying that if they generated
any profits they would pay. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

CWS at para 31.

The defendants neither accepted nor rejected this request but Abcom made
payments over the next six months that were less than what it was required to
pay under the Amended ATFF-ABCOM. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

CWS at para 32.

6 Abcom does not claim there was any agreement concerning what would happen
once the moratorium ended. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CWS at para 46

There was an in-person meeting in January 2023 to discuss the best way to move
forward. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CWS at para 48.

No agreement was reached concerning how the shortfall in payments during the
six months were to be addressed, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CWS at para 47.

but Abcom resumed paying the monthly instalments as required by the Amended
ATFF-ABCOM from February 2023 onwards, including the payment due for January
2023. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

CWS at paras 55–56.

7 The defendants threatened to commence legal proceedings by letters dated 14
February 2023 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Claimant’s Bundle of Documents dated 20 July 2023 (“CBOD”) at pp 29–32.

and 22 February 2023 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CBOD at pp 37–38.

and then issued a statutory demand dated 6 March 2023. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CBOD at pp 41–42.

8 On 20 March 2023, Abcom filed these proceedings to restrain the defendants
from bringing a winding up application against it. Abcom’s principal ground as
it appeared in the supporting affidavit for the application was that as a
result of the communications in the second half of 2022 concerning the
moratorium the shortfall of payments made during that six-month period was not
due and payable. In the written submissions two other grounds were raised, one
that there had been “frustrating events” and the other that TransAsia Capital
was an illegal moneylender. Neither of these additional grounds was seriously
pursued before me.

Applicable law

9 It is settled law that the court will at the instance of the company enjoin
a person from bringing a winding up application where the debt claimed by that
person against the company is disputed in good faith and on substantial
grounds: see the Court of Appeal decision in Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Holland
Leedon Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 268, at [62]. Where a debt is disputed in good
faith and on substantial grounds, the person relying on that debt lacks
standing to bring the winding up application as a creditor of the company
under s 125 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (2020
Rev Ed) (“IRDA”). Both parties accepted that this was the position in law,
such that Abcom’s burden in this matter was to show triable issues concerning
the debt. Put simply, this approach strikes the balance between ensuring that
companies that are unable to pay their debts do not continue to trade and
preventing the threat of winding up proceedings being used as a tactic to
pressure companies into settling genuinely disputed debts.

10 In support of its argument that the defendants could not resile from the
position that they had allowed Abcom, without dispute, to hold back payment on
the basis of a moratorium, Abcom invoked three doctrines, namely waiver by
election, waiver by estoppel, and approbation and reprobation.

11 Waiver by election stops a person from going back on a decision to exercise
one of two inconsistent rights, and treats the right not exercised as having
been abandoned. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

CWS at para 34.

Waiver by estoppel stops a person from exercising a right following a
representation that he would not do so in circumstances where there has been
detrimental reliance. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

CWS at para 35.

Approbation and reprobation precludes a person who has exercised a right so as
to obtain a benefit from doing so from then exercising another right that is
alternative to and inconsistent with the right exercised. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

CWS at para 36.

12 As for illegal moneylending, lenders who lend solely to corporations (and
certain other specified business entities) are excluded: see s 2 of the
Moneylenders Act which defines “excluded moneylender”. Abcom’s argument was
that notwithstanding that it is a corporation, there was a personal guarantee
provided by its director under which the director was to be liable “as sole or
principal debtor” and consequently, as the guarantee and loan facility were
all part of the same transaction, the loan was to be treated as being made to
an individual. It then followed that the lender could not be said to lend
solely to corporations, was thus not an excluded moneylender, and hence there
was an infringement of the Moneylenders Act.

13 Finally, COVID-19 and the London Metal Exchange were relied on as
frustrating events. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

CWS at para 27.

This defence was not elaborated on.

Reasons for my decision

14 I dealt with the defences in the order of frustration, illegal
moneylending, and moratorium.

15 The defence of frustration was plainly misconceived. Without even
considering the nature of the events relied on and their impact on
performance, the doctrine of frustration where successfully invoked discharges
the contract and so relieves both parties from contract performance for the
future entirely. It is not a doctrine that may be invoked to excuse a period
of non-payment or reduced payment of loan instalments while leaving the loan
contract in force. A second and separate point is that a loan contract is not
frustrated by the borrower’s economic circumstances changing even when the
result of events beyond its control such that it becomes unable to repay the
loan. The loan contract had in fact been performed by the lender, only leaving
the borrower’s obligation to repay. Absent a term of the loan contract, the
occurrence of adverse events is simply the borrower’s risk.

16 The defence of illegal moneylending was equally misconceived. Abcom is a
corporation. The loan was in connection with Abcom’s business of commodity
trading. There was no suggestion that Abcom was a sham set up to evade the
operation of the Moneylenders Act. The fact that there was a guarantee in
respect of the loan given by an individual (even with a principal debtor
clause) did not make the loan to an individual or mean that TransAsia Capital
was not lending solely to corporations. There was no evidence that TransAsia
Capital does not lend solely to corporations.

17 Turning to the defences arising from the alleged moratorium, I did not
accept that any of them had the effect contended for. I assumed in favour of
Abcom that the defendants did in fact agree to the six-month moratorium
requested, notwithstanding that the correspondence did not fully support such
an assumption. This only meant however that there was forbearance during the
period of the moratorium. Abcom’s position was that there was no agreement
about how to treat the resulting shortfall once the moratorium came to an end.
The difficulty for Abcom was that absent such further agreement, the position
was that it had to pay the deferred payments (or shortfall) once the period of
forbearance ended. The natural meaning of the word “moratorium” is that it is
a temporary postponement of repayments. The temporary period that Abcom
requested was six months. That is now in the past.

18 Turning to the three doctrines invoked in turn, there was not and could not
be any suggestion on the evidence that there was an election not to require
the payments to be made once the moratorium ended or to be deferred to the end
of the loan period, nor any representation to that effect, nor any approbation
of such continued non-payment.

19 I also noted that as of the date of the statutory demand, there was an
earlier shortfall in instalments pre-dating the six-month moratorium.

Conclusion

20 For these reasons, it was clear that Abcom could not raise triable issues
concerning the timing of the repayment of the debt once the six-month period
of forbearance, or moratorium, ended. It simply could not be said that Abcom
genuinely disputed the debt in good faith. Accordingly, I declined to grant to
Abcom the injunction it sought.

Philip Jeyaretnam  
Judge of the High Court|  
  
---|---  
  
Liew Teck Huat (Niru & Co LLC) for the claimant;

Chan Cong Yen, Lionel (Chen Congren) and Chang Guo En Nicholas Winarta Chandra
(Oon & Bazul LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 07 Sep 2023 (12:34 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

