Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 225

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9110 of 2021/01

Between

| Chang Peng Hong Clarence  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9110 of 2021/02

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Chang Peng Hong Clarence  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9111 of 2021/01

Between

| Koh Seng Lee  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9111 of 2021/02

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Koh Seng Lee  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Law — Statutory offences — Prevention of Corruption Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Appeals]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing — Sentencing — Penalties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chang Peng Hong Clarence

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor and other appeals

[2023] SGHC 225

General Division of the High Court — Magistrate’s Appeals Nos 9110 and 9111 of
2021/01 and Magistrate’s Appeals Nos 9110 and 9111 of 2021/02  
Vincent Hoong J  
5 October 2022, 30 January, 23 March 2023

17 August 2023

Vincent Hoong J:

Introduction

1 This case involved accused persons who had claimed trial to corruption
charges disclosing more than $5 million paid in gratification. It raised
questions concerning the Prosecution’s disclosure obligations, as well as the
operation of penalty orders under s 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act
(Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“PCA”).

2 Chang Peng Hong Clarence (“Chang”) and Koh Seng Lee (“Koh”) are the
respective appellants in Magistrate’s Appeals 9110/2021/01 and 9111/2021/01.
In this judgment, when dealing with the appeals against conviction and
sentence, I refer to Chang and Koh collectively as the appellants. Chang was
convicted of 19 charges under s 6(a) of the PCA and one charge under s 5(a) of
the PCA. Koh was convicted of 19 charges under s 6(b) of the PCA and one
charge under s 5(b) of the PCA.

3 Chang and Koh’s charges are mirrors of each other. The first 18 charges,
brought under ss 6(a) and 6(b) of the PCA, relate to payments from Koh to
Chang while Chang was employed by BP Singapore Pte Ltd (“BP”). These were made
between 31 July 2006 and 20 January 2010. The 19th charges faced by Chang and
Koh, which were brought under s 5 of the PCA, concern a payment of US$150,000
from Koh to Chang on or about 26 July 2010, which was after Chang had left the
employ of BP. The 20th charges faced by Chang and Koh, which were brought
under ss 6(a) or 6(b) of the PCA, pertain to Chang and Koh corruptly agreeing
to accept or give gratification, being payments for Mindchamps Preschool @
City Square Pte Ltd (“Mindchamps City Square”), as an inducement for Chang to
advance the business interest of Pacific Prime Trading Pte Ltd (“PPT”) with
BP.

4 The appellants were each sentenced to a total of 54 months’ imprisonment.
Chang was also ordered to pay a penalty of $6,220,095, with an in-default
imprisonment term of 28 months’ imprisonment.

5 Chang and Koh appealed against their convictions and sentences, while the
Prosecution appealed against the sentences imposed on the appellants. Having
heard and considered the submissions of parties, I dismissed Koh’s and Chang’s
appeals against conviction on each of their first 19 charges, and allowed
their appeals against conviction on their respective 20th charges. On the
remaining 19 charges, I dismissed Koh’s and Chang’s appeals against their
sentence and allowed the appeal by the Prosecution, imposing a sentence of 80
months’ imprisonment for both appellants. I further ordered that Chang’s
penalty order be substituted by three penalty orders under s 13(1) of the PCA
for the amounts of $1,796,090, $1,905,520, and $2,175,985, with a total in-
default imprisonment term of 2129 days’ imprisonment.

6 I set out the detailed reasons for my decision below, incorporating the oral
judgments which I delivered at the hearing of the appeals.

Undisputed facts

7 The detailed facts surrounding Chang and Koh’s offences can be found in the
District Judge’s (“DJ”) grounds of decision (see Public Prosecutor v Koh Seng
Lee and another [2022] SGDC 66). For present purposes, it suffices to note the
following.

Relationship between Chang and Koh

8 Chang and Koh first met in 1997. Their relationship was not purely
commercial. They were friends and their families even went on holidays
together. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

P23 (para 14) (Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) at p 3154); P35 (para 10) (ROP at
p 3445); P42 (para 15) (ROP at p 3587).

9 Chang joined BP as a Marine Support Executive in July 1997. He was promoted
to Marine Trading Manager from 1 November 1999, and to Regional Operating
Unit, Manager Fuels, from 1 April 2003. In 2009, Chang was designated Regional
Marine Manager Fuels of the Global Residues Unit and his team covered oil
trades in the Eastern Hemisphere. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Public Prosecutor v Koh Seng Lee and another [2022] SGDC 66 (“GD”) at [11]
(ROP at p 2624).

10 From 29 December 2004, Chang had the authority to decide the customers to
which BP would sell its goods and services. Beginning 28 January 2008, he
could commit BP to sales decisions (including the price of goods and services)
for up to one year. From 2 January 2009, Chang could agree to payment terms
which subjected BP to a degree of credit exposure, and he was authorised to
enter into long-term contracts of up to two years’ commitment and not
exceeding US$25m as of 1 April 2010. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

GD at [13] (ROP at p 2625).

11 Koh was the sole shareholder and executive director of PPT. PPT was
incorporated on 5 April 2001, and was in the business of the wholesale and
retail trade of mineral fuels and lubricants. PPT was BP’s trading
counterparty (“TCP”) between 2001 and 2015. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

GD at [9] (ROP at p 2623).

Relationship between BP and PPT

12 BP traded bunker fuel with TCPs on an “ex-wharf” or “delivered” basis. In
the former circumstance, BP sold bunker fuel to the TCP at its wharf, and
title to the fuel was transferred to the TCP at the load port. In the latter,
BP would purchase bunker fuel from the TCP and simultaneously sell the fuel to
its customer. Whilst BP did not own barges needed to deliver bunker fuel to
its customer’s vessels, it had long-term charter arrangements for barges and
would charge TCPs for the use of these barges when back-to-back sales took
place. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

GD at [14]–[17] (ROP at pp 2625–2527).

13 PPT did not possess licences to sell and deliver oil to ship owners and to
operate barges to transport the bunker fuel. Nor did it own storage facilities
to store the fuel. It had to rely on BP’s licences to conduct trades with ship
owners. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

GD at [18] (ROP at pp 2627–2628).

PPT enjoyed a netting arrangement with BP under which each party could set off
debts owed by the other. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

GD at [20] (ROP at p 2628).

14 Between January 2008 and July 2010, PPT was BP’s largest TCP for delivered
sales by volume. On the flip side of the coin, BP was PPT’s largest trading
partner between 2005 and 2010. PPT’s trades with BP constituted approximately
80% to 90% of PPT’s total traded volume. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

GD at [19] (ROP at p 2628).

Moneys transferred from Koh to Chang or Mindchamps City Square

15 Between 31 July 2006 and 26 July 2010, over 19 occasions, Koh transferred a
total of US$3.95m from his HSBC Hong Kong bank account to Chang’s HSBC Hong
Kong bank account. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

GD at [21] (ROP at p 2628–2629).

These transfers broadly pertain to the 1st to 19th charges proffered against
Chang and Koh.

16 Separately, Mindchamps City Square was incorporated on 3 September 2009.
Koh and Chang’s wife were directors and equal shareholders of the company. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

GD at [24] (ROP at p 2629).

From September 2009, Koh paid an aggregate of $525,000 to Mindchamps City
Square. He was in turn paid $182,500 by Mindchamps City Square between 4
November 2014 and 17 February 2015. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

GD at [25], [173] (ROP at pp 2630, 2716).

17 In this regard, it is undisputed that: (a) PPT retained all of its profits
during the material period of time; (b) the moneys Koh transferred to Chang
during the financial years ending 31 March 2007, 31 March 2008 and 31 March
2009 exceeded the net profits earned by PPT for the corresponding years; and
(c) the aggregate sum Koh transferred to Chang as of 31 March 2008 and 31
March 2009 exceeded the cumulative profits generated by PPT as of these
respective dates. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

GD at [23] (ROP at p 2629).

Messages exchanged between Koh and Chang

18 On 20 July 2009, at 2.58pm, Chang sent Koh a message stating, “Our oil
coming in tomorrow. Sell as much as possible b4 premium collapses”. Koh
replied, “Ok. Noted….” at 3.04pm on the same day. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB1-42.

I shall refer to these messages as the “20/7/09 Messages”.

19 On 1 December 2009, at 8.18am, Chang sent to Chua Hwee Cheng (“Chua”), a
Market Coordinator in BP Marine, the message, “Hwee cheng ,For next yr q1, pp
will do about 250 kt /mth, vm about 200 kt and bhl 50 kt. Pls pass over all
the term with good pricing to pp first . same goes for spot . We will stop
trading . Pls try to get mops flat for 500 cst and mops + 2 for 380 cst fm our
traders. For external term , pls target below these numbers otherwise we may
have difficulty justifying to traders . For more details, pls check with Koh
.” I will refer to this message, which Chang forwarded to Koh immediately
after sending it to Chua, as the “1/12/09 Message”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

GD at [27] (ROP at p 2630); AB1-43; AB1-44.

Statements provided by Koh and Chang

20 Koh and Chang collectively provided 20 statements to investigating officers
(“IOs”) from the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) between 18
October 2011 and 5 September 2016. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

GD at [29] (ROP at pp 2631–2634).

I will refer to these statements at the appropriate juncture.

The decision below

21 Neither Koh nor Chang disputed that Koh had given, and Chang had received,
the gratification subjects of the 20 charges. The DJ considered that the main
issues were: (a) whether Koh gave (or agreed to give) and Chang received (or
agreed to receive) gratification on account of Chang advancing the business
interest of PPT with BP; (b) whether these transactions were tainted by an
objective corrupt element; and (c) whether Koh and Chang acted with the
requisite guilty knowledge. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

GD at [122]–[128] (ROP at pp 2682–2684).

22 The DJ held that the Prosecution had proved the elements of all charges
beyond a reasonable doubt. She found the following arrangement to undergird
Koh’s transfer of moneys to Chang. First, Chang suggested that Koh set up PPT.
Second, both parties understood that Chang would facilitate the appointment of
PPT as BP’s TCP and help PPT. Third, Chang regarded himself as a co-owner or
shadow partner of PPT even though he did not invest any moneys in PPT. Fourth,
Koh understood that Chang wielded significant influence over PPT’s success.
Fifth, Chang asked for and received moneys from Koh, which Chang described as
his share of PPT’s profits. Sixth, Koh gave Chang the moneys as he did not
wish to offend Chang and wanted to preserve PPT’s business relationship with
BP. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

GD at [129], [147] (ROP at pp 2684–2685, 2696–2697).

23 This arrangement was supported by the investigative statements Koh provided
on 18 and 19 October 2011 (“P1” and “P2” respectively) and the investigative
statement Chang provided on 18 October 2011 (“P23”), all of which the DJ found
to be accurately recorded. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

GD at [129]–[146] (ROP at pp 2684–2696).

The arrangement was also consistent with the evidence showing that Chang could
influence PPT’s appointment as BP’s TCP, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

GD at [148(a)] (ROP at p 2697).

Chang was in a position to and did advance PPT’s interest in its dealings with
BP, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

GD at [148(b)] (ROP at p 2698).

Chang shared BP’s confidential information with Koh, and PPT benefited from
being BP’s TCP. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

GD at [148(c)] (ROP at pp 2699–2700).

In the latter regard, as BP’s TCP, PPT could trade oil with BP with greater
ease, offset its payments with BP as part of a netting arrangement, and
leverage BP’s customer base. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

GD at [148(d)] (ROP at pp 2701–2703).

24 To the DJ’s mind, it was also significant that Chang received more moneys
from Koh than from his employment with BP, the moneys were transferred
surreptitiously via bank accounts in Hong Kong, and Chang and Koh both
knowingly acted in breach of BP’s policies and guidelines. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

GD at [149] (ROP at pp 2703–2705).

25 The DJ rejected Chang and Koh’s claims that the moneys could not have
constituted corrupt payments because: (a) Koh was not fearful of Chang; (b) BP
benefitted from having PPT as a TCP and continued dealing with PPT long after
Chang left BP; (c) the sum of the transfers exceeded PPT’s profits during the
relevant period; (d) the first transfer took place long after PPT had been
incorporated and appointed as a TCP; and (e) the final transfer was made after
Chang left BP. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

GD at [150] (ROP at p 2706).

26 Dealing with each contention in turn, the DJ found that: (a) Koh was not
fearful of offending Chang per se, but of offending Chang by rebuffing his
requests for money; 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

GD at [151] (ROP at p 2706).

(b) whether BP benefited from having PPT as a TCP did not impinge on the
corrupt nature of the arrangement; 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

GD at [152] (ROP at p 2707).

(c) PPT formed part of a network of companies that Koh had a stake in and
which benefited from PPT’s relationship with BP; 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

GD at [155] (ROP at pp 2708–2709).

(d) as the commencement and continuation of payments from Koh to Chang
coincided with PPT’s growth in profitability, it was not incongruous for Chang
to start asking for payment from Koh when PPT’s business flourished; 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

GD at [153] (ROP at p 2707).

and (e) the timing of the final transfer did not imply that the entire series
of payments was made for bona fide purposes. The DJ found that it was not
illogical for Koh to continue acceding to Chang’s requests for money until
there was greater clarity on where PPT stood with BP. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

GD at [154] (ROP at pp 2707–2708).

27 The DJ likewise rejected Chang and Koh’s contention that the moneys were
made for joint investments in properties. This explanation was not mentioned
in their initial investigative statements. Chang and Koh also failed to
maintain a straight story on the purpose and scope of their joint investments.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

GD at [156]–[171] (ROP at pp 2709–2716).

28 Finally, in relation to the 20th charges faced by Koh and Chang
respectively, the DJ held that the payments Koh made to Mindchamps City Square
must be considered against the backdrop of the transfers which were the
subjects of the other charges, as well as P2. The latter made it clear that
Koh made the payments to Mindchamps City Square to avoid offending Chang and
to keep PPT’s business with BP intact. Viewed in this light, the payments
which were the subjects of the 20th charges also constituted a corrupt
transaction.

29 In determining the sentences of the appellants, the DJ applied the
sentencing framework outlined in the High Court decision of Takaaki Masui v
Public Prosecutor and another appeal and other matters [2021] 4 SLR 160. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

GD at [254] (ROP at p 2754).

Within that framework, the DJ found that the following offence-specific
factors going towards harm were relevant:

(a) While there was no actual harm caused to BP, there was suborning of the
agent-principal relationship between BP and Chang, which exposed BP to
potential harm through over-concentration of BP’s business with PPT and the
sharing of BP’s confidential information with Koh. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

GD at [257] (ROP at p 2756).

(b) Koh derived substantial benefits from the corrupt arrangement with Chang
through the cultivation of Chang as an “insider” in BP. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

GD at [259] (ROP at p 2757).

(c) The corrupt arrangement between Koh and Chang would have had a negative
impact on legitimate expectations of stakeholders in the bunkering industry
and society at large. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

GD at [260] (ROP at p 2757).

30 The DJ found that the following offence-specific factors going towards
culpability were relevant:

(a) Chang and Koh’s scheme involved significant deliberation, planning and
careful execution on their parts. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

GD at [262] (ROP at p 2758).

(b) Chang abused his position and betrayed the trust reposed in him by his
principal, BP. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

GD at [263] (ROP at p 2759).

(c) Both Koh and Chang were motivated by greed. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

GD at [264] (ROP at p 2759).

(d) The quantum of gratification involved per charge was significant.

31 The DJ went on to assess the appropriate indicative starting sentence to be
between 10 and 24 months’ imprisonment. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

GD at [269] (ROP at pp 2762–2763).

After applying the totality principle, the DJ imposed the following individual
sentences, with each appellant receiving a global sentence of 54 months’
imprisonment:

No.| KohDAC No.| ChangDAC No.| Amount| Sentence  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| 927116-2017| 908841-2017| US$300,000| 22 months  
2| 927117-2017| 908842-2017| US$350,000| 24 months  
3| 927118-2017| 908843-2017| US$300,000| 22 months  
4| 927119-2017| 908844-2017| US$100,000| 10 months (consecutive)  
5| 927120-2017| 908845-2017| US$100,000| 10 months (consecutive)  
6| 927121-2017| 908846-2017| US$350,000| 24 months  
7| 927122-2017| 908847-2017| US$200,000| 16 months  
8| 927123-2017| 908848-2017| US$200,000| 16 months  
9| 927124-2017| 908849-2017| US$200,000| 16 months  
10| 927125-2017| 908850-2017| US$150,000| 13 months  
11| 927126-2017| 908851-2017| US$200,000| 16 months  
12| 927127-2017| 908852-2017| US$200,000| 16 months  
13| 927128-2017| 908853-2017| US$200,000| 16 months  
14| 927129-2017| 908854-2017| US$200,000| 16 months  
15| 927130-2017| 908855-2017| US$150,000| 13 months  
16| 927131-2017| 908856-2017| US$100,000| 10 months (consecutive)  
17| 927132-2017| 908857-2017| US$300,000| 22 months  
18| 927133-2017| 908858-2017| US$200,000| 16 months  
19| 927134-2017| 908859-2017| US$150,000| 13 months  
20| 927135-2017| 908860-2017| US$388,888 ($525,000)| 24 months (consecutive)  
  
32 The DJ further imposed a penalty order on Chang of $6,220,095 under s 13(1)
of the PCA, with an in-default imprisonment term of 28 months’ imprisonment.
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

GD at [283] (ROP at p 2769).

Parties’ submissions

33 I outline in brief the parties’ submissions as to the appeals on conviction
and sentence. I will refer to the parties’ submissions in more detail at the
appropriate juncture.

34 The appellants made, inter alia, the following submissions in disputing the
safety of their convictions below:

(a) The evidence indicated that there was no corrupt arrangement between Chang
and Koh. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Koh’s Written Submissions dated 26 September 2022 (“KWS”) at paras 122–228;
Chang’s Written Submissions dated 26 September 2022 (“CWS”) at paras 247–318.

Chang had not given Koh any preferential treatment, and Koh knew this. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

KWS at paras 122–156; CWS at paras 119–226.

The DJ also erred in rejecting the defence that the transfers were made for
bona fide joint investments. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

KWS at paras 164–192; CWS at paras 364–406.

There was also no evidence that the fund transfers were tainted by any corrupt
intent. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

KWS at paras 201–228; CWS at paras 324–361.

(b) No offence of corruption was disclosed based on the DJ’s finding that the
fund transfers from Koh to Chang represented Chang’s share of PPT’s profits.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

KWS at paras 106–121; CWS at paras 319–323.

(c) The DJ’s finding that Koh’s payments to Mindchamps City Square under the
20th charges were part of a corrupt scheme was against the weight of evidence,
as the objective and contemporaneous evidence showed that Koh’s investments
were legitimate. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

KWS at paras 178–192; CWS at paras 54–84.

(d) Koh also contended that the Prosecution, by failing to disclose CPIB
statements recorded from the appellants in a timely fashion, breached its
disclosure obligations in a way that materially prejudiced his defence. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

KWS at paras 39–63.

Koh also argued that the Prosecution’s failure to call Chua as a witness was a
breach of its additional disclosure obligations that justified drawing an
adverse inference against the Prosecution. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

KWS at paras 64–82.

The most appropriate remedy for these breaches would be Koh’s acquittal. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

KWS at paras 83–105.

35 In response, the Prosecution submitted that the DJ was correct to find that
the fund transfers had a corrupt purpose, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Respondent’s Submissions dated 26 September 2022 (“RS”) at paras 11–38.

that the fund transfers under the 20th charges were part of a corrupt scheme,
50

##### Foot Note 50

×

RS at paras 77–84.

and that the joint investment defence raised by the appellants was unsupported
by evidence. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

RS at paras 39–76.

It also argued that it was not obliged to disclose the appellants’ statements
based on its disclosure obligations, and in any event, the appellants were not
prejudiced in the conduct of their defences. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

RS at paras 85–92.

36 The appellants’ submissions as to the appeals on sentence were, inter alia,
as follows:

(a) Both appellants contended that as there was neither intangible harm nor
intangible detriment caused to BP, the level of harm should be assessed within
the lower end of the “slight” category under the framework in Goh Ngak Eng v
Public Prosecutor [2022] SGHC 254 (“Goh Ngak Eng”). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Koh’s Written Submissions on Sentence dated 9 March 2023 (“KWSS”) at paras
14–18; Chang’s Written Submissions on Sentence dated 9 March 2023 (“CWSS”) at
paras 18–47.

Not only was there no evidence that Koh had made any profit from the
arrangement with Chang, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

KWSS at paras 19–23; CWSS at paras 48–73.

there was also no evidence of detriment caused to either third parties 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

KWSS at paras 27–29; CWSS at paras 74–79.

or the development of the bunkering industry in Singapore. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

KWSS at paras 24–26; CWSS at paras 80–83.

(b) As to culpability, Koh argued that his culpability should be assessed
within the lower end of the “moderate” category, as the total amount of
gratification had to be placed in the context of the negligible benefit he
derived over the offending period. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

KWSS at paras 32–34.

Chang argued that his culpability should be assessed between the low and
middle range of the “medium” category, as there was an absence of threats or
coercion. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

CWSS at paras 84–90.

Both appellants contended that the DJ had erred in finding that there was
significant premeditation, as there was no active attempt to conceal the fund
transfers. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

KWSS at paras 37 and 38; CWSS at paras 91–100.

Chang contended that there was little abuse of trust as he had delegated
substantively all his duties to his subordinates. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

CWSS at paras 109–114.

Koh argued that any abuse of trust on Chang’s part should not be imputed to
him, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

KWSS at paras 39 and 40 (p 20).

and that the DJ was wrong to find that he was motivated by greed as Chang had
initiated the arrangement. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

KWSS at paras 41–44 (pp 20–21).

(c) The appellants contended that the indicative sentences should be adjusted
downwards to reflect an inordinate delay in prosecution. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

KWSS at paras 40–46 (pp 23–26); CWSS at paras 128–162.

As the charges related to a single arrangement between Koh and Chang, only two
sentences from the 1st to 18th charges under s 6 of the PCA should run
consecutively with the 19th charge under s 5 of the PCA, with a total sentence
of not more than 13 months’ imprisonment (Koh) or 14 months’ imprisonment
(Chang). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

KWSS at paras 51–60; CWSS at paras 171–180.

(d) As to the enforcement of the penalty order imposed by the DJ, Chang took
the position that the in-default sentence of 26 months’ imprisonment imposed
by the DJ was appropriate, and that other factors pointed to an attachment
order being inappropriate in the present case. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

CWSS at paras 183–245.

37 The Prosecution’s submissions as to the appeals on sentence were, inter
alia, as follows:

(a) The DJ was right in her findings as to the offence-specific factors
relating to harm. There was harm caused to BP, Koh received substantial
benefit from the appellants’ arrangement, there was detriment to other TCPs,
and the corruption involved a strategic industry. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

RSS at paras 10–19.

As to the culpability of the appellants, the DJ also rightly found that there
was a high degree of planning and premeditation, there was an abuse of trust
by Chang, and the appellants were motivated by greed. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

RSS at paras 24, 28 and 30.

(b) The appellants’ charges should be assessed as falling under the categories
of moderate harm and high culpability under the Goh Ngak Eng framework, with
an indicative custodial term of between 28 and 36 months’ imprisonment per
charge. Six sentences ought to run consecutively, for a global sentence of at
least 180 months’ imprisonment for both Koh and Chang. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

RSS at paras 32–40.

(c) 19 penalty orders ought to be imposed on Chang for each charge of
accepting gratification in contravention of the PCA. The court should impose
in-default imprisonment terms for each of these penalty orders, with the total
in-default sentence adding up to 400 weeks’ imprisonment. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

RSS at paras 92–105.

(d) In addition to the in-default imprisonment terms, the court should also
impose an attachment order on Chang’s Hong Kong bank accounts and property in
Singapore. This should be done through seizure and sale according to the
procedure set out under O 22 of the Rules of Court 2021, including the
appointment of a private receiver. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

RSS at paras 50–91.

Issues to be determined

38 The issues on appeal were broadly as follows:

(a) first, whether the Prosecution breached its disclosure obligations under
Muhammad bin Kadar and another v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205 (“Kadar”)
by belatedly disclosing four of Koh’s statements (P33–P37) and Chang’s
statements (all except P23) and if so, the effect of any breach;

(b) second, whether the Prosecution breached its disclosure obligations under
Muhammad Nabill bin Mohd Fuad v Public Prosecutor [2020] 1 SLR 984 (“Nabill”)
by failing to call Chua as a witness and failing to disclose her witness
statement and if so, the effect of any breach;

(c) third, whether the offences under ss 5 and 6 of the PCA are made out as a
matter of law if the moneys Koh paid to Chang were Chang’s share of his
profits as a shadow partner of PPT;

(d) fourth, whether there was a corrupt arrangement between Koh and Chang for
the latter to use his position in BP to advance PPT’s business interest vis-à-
vis BP;

(e) fifth, whether the 20th charges, pertaining to payments made by Koh to
Mindchamps City Square, formed part of the corrupt scheme;

(f) sixth, whether the appellants’ sentences were manifestly excessive or
manifestly inadequate based on the application of the sentencing framework in
Goh Ngak Eng;

(g) seventh, whether individual penalty orders under s 13(1) of the PCA should
be imposed for each charge Chang faced for accepting gratification in
contravention of the PCA and if so, how the resulting in-default sentences for
those penalty orders should be calibrated; and

(h) eighth, whether an order for attachment should be made as a means of
enforcing the penalty order(s) imposed on Chang.

Decision on conviction

Whether the Prosecution breached its Kadar disclosure obligations and if so,
the effect of any breach

39 I begin with Koh’s claim that the Prosecution breached its Kadar disclosure
obligations by belatedly disclosing P33 to P37 to him. Chang couched his claim
of tardy disclosure of his statements (apart from P23) as a breach of the
Prosecution’s Nabill disclosure obligations. This was, however, misconceived.
Nabill concerns the disclosure of statements provided by material witnesses
and not accused persons. Nevertheless, in fairness to Chang, I likewise
assessed his contention under the rubric of Kadar.

40 Counsel for Koh, Mr Lee Eng Beng SC (“Mr Lee SC”), submitted as follows. It
is undisputed that the Prosecution disclosed P33–P35 to Koh on 16 April 2019
and P36–P37 on 17 April 2019. It did so while Koh was under cross-examination.
71

##### Foot Note 71

×

KWS at para 50.

In these statements, Koh provided an account of his friendship with Chang and
their purported joint investments in property. More specifically, Koh claimed
in these statements that:

(a) Chang stated that he would use the moneys Koh transferred to him to
purchase property. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

P33 (Q3/A3) (ROP at p 3394).

(b) Koh invested $500,000 in Mindchamps City Square between 17 September 2009
and 13 April 2010, 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

P34 (para 46) (ROP at p 3397); P35 (paras 16–20) (ROP at pp 3455–3456).

and received returns of $100,000 via two cheques in September or October 2014.
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

P36 (para 43 (Q6/A6)) (ROP at p 3507).

(c) Koh agreed to place money with Chang “for investment in property”. This
followed a verbal agreement between the parties pursuant to which Chang
“expect[ed] 50% of the profits from the investment”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

P35 (para 11, para 15 (Q6/A6, Q8/A8, Q22/A22 – Q40/A40), para 45 (Q3/A3 –
Q5/A5)) (ROP at pp 3445, 3448–3449, 3451–3455, 3464).

(d) Koh kept records of the moneys he transferred to Chang for investment
purposes in a book. He, however, lost this book when shifting offices in 2011.
76

##### Foot Note 76

×

P35 (para 15, Q34/A34) (ROP at p 3453).

(e) The TCPs appointed by BP were required to abide by BP’s rules and
regulations and to act in the best interests of BP. If they failed to do so,
their partnership with BP might cease. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

P36 (para 40) (ROP at pp 3505–3506).

(f) Chang sent to Koh the 20/7/09 Messages because Chang wanted to gather
information from Koh. Koh understood the 20/7/09 Messages as Chang speculating
on the future price of oil. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

P37 (para 74) (ROP at p 3535).

(g) Chang sent to Hwee Cheng the 1/12/09 Message and told her to provide PPT
the “good pricing … first” because PPT was BP’s biggest counterparty. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

P37 (para 72) (ROP at p 3534).

(h) Koh had opened a bank account with HSBC Hong Kong as he travelled to Hong
Kong frequently. The bank account allowed him to withdraw and spend money in
Hong Kong. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

P37 (para 77, Q8/A8) (ROP at p 3537).

41 In Kadar, the Court of Appeal held at [113] that the Prosecution must
disclose to the Defence material which constitutes: (a) any unused material
that is likely to be admissible and that might reasonably be regarded as
credible and relevant to the guilt or innocence of the accused; and (b) any
unused material that is likely to be inadmissible, but would provide a real
(not fanciful) chance of pursuing a line of inquiry that leads to material
that is likely to be admissible and that might reasonably be regarded as
credible and relevant to the guilt or innocence of the accused.

42 This disclosure obligation does not extend to material which is neutral or
adverse to an accused. It only includes material that tends to undermine the
Prosecution’s case or strengthen the Defence’s case. Where, as in the present
case, the statutory criminal case disclosure procedures did not apply, Kadar
disclosure should take place at the latest before the trial begins (at [113]).

43 In Xu Yuanchen v Public Prosecutor and another matter [2021] 4 SLR 719 (“Xu
Yuanchen”), Menon CJ held that statements provided by accused persons fall
within the ambit of Kadar (at [44]). Menon CJ also clarified that “unused
material” for the purpose of Kadar refers to material that forms part of the
Prosecution’s affirmative, rather than responsive, case. The contrary position
is inconsistent with the concerns that underlay Kadar (at [31]–[32]).

44 Against this backdrop, I accepted Mr Lee SC’s submission that the
Prosecution breached its Kadar disclosure obligations by failing to disclose
P33–P37 to Koh before the commencement of trial. It is undisputed that Koh
claimed that he transferred the funds to Chang for joint investments in
property in P33–P37 (which was the position he similarly adopted at trial) and
the Prosecution only disclosed these statements to Koh while Koh was under
cross-examination. I noted that the Prosecution did not dispute that it had
acted in a manner inconsistent with the position set out in Xu Yuanchen. It
acknowledged that it had planned to confront Chang and Koh with their
undisclosed statements if they provided inconsistent testimony at trial.
Rather, the Prosecution’s position was that it had acted in good faith and
without the benefit of Xu Yuanchen, which was decided after the conclusion of
the trial before the DJ. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Respondent’s Submissions dated 26 September 2022 (“RS”) at paras 86–88.

45 The above is, however, not dispositive of the inquiry. The next step is to
consider the consequences of a Kadar breach. In this regard, Lim Hong Liang v
Public Prosecutor [2021] 5 SLR 626 (“Lim Hong Liang”) is instructive. In Lim
Hong Liang, Abdullah J held that in determining the consequences of a Kadar
breach, the court should assess a number of factors, including the effect of
the breach on the evidence against the accused, how the breach prejudiced the
accused, whether steps can be or have been taken to remedy the prejudice
caused, the causes of the breach, and the conduct of the Prosecution (at
[22]).

46 Having applied these factors, I was unable to accept Mr Lee SC’s submission
that the Prosecution’s breach of its Kadar obligation vis-à-vis Koh demanded
that Koh be acquitted of all 20 charges. Mr Lee SC submitted that the belated
disclosure of P33–P37 prejudiced Koh in three respects. First, Koh’s Defence
was unable to effectively cross-examine the CPIB IOs on the contents of the
undisclosed statements and the circumstances under which Koh provided them.
This was purportedly critical because the first four statements Koh provided
(P1–P4) were central to the DJ’s decision but Koh had proffered contradictory
positions across his nine statements. That the Prosecution recalled four
witnesses did not cure the prejudice occasioned to Koh. The further evidence
of these four witnesses was confined to the specific issues raised in P33–P35
and Koh’s cautioned statement (B1–D6). 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

KWS at para 54.

Second, Koh was denied the opportunity to explain the contents of all his
statements during his evidence-in-chief. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

KWS at paras 57–58.

Third, Koh’s Defence did not have sight of P33–P37 when making its no-case-to-
answer submissions. In this context, the Prosecution conveyed the impression
that Koh had only mentioned the joint investment defence after he was charged.
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

KWS at paras 59–62.

47 I did not find that Koh was significantly prejudiced by the Prosecution’s
late disclosure of P33–P37. While statements provided by an accused person
fall within the ambit of Kadar, they stand apart from other unused material.
This is given that such statements emanate entirely from an accused person and
their contents would, in the ordinary course, be known to him or her. I
aligned myself with Menon CJ’s observations in Xu Yuanchen that an “accused
person would almost invariably have known of his earlier statements and would
have known of the underlying facts that were or could have been covered in
those statements, and there would almost never be a situation of such evidence
being overlooked by the Defence despite its relevance as to the innocence of
the accused person” (at [43]). Whilst Menon CJ made these obiter remarks in
considering whether Kadar should extend to statements provided by accused
persons, I found that their logic applies forcefully to the question of
potential prejudice. Put another way, in the absence of exceptional
circumstances such as an accused person’s loss of memory, it is difficult to
envisage how the Prosecution’s failure to disclose what an accused previously
stated in an investigative statement to the accused would place him or her in
an invidious position.

48 That said, I appreciated the qualitatively distinct positions Mr Lee SC
advanced. Mr Lee SC’s first point was that the Prosecution’s belated
disclosure of P33–P37 prejudiced Koh’s Defence’s ability to cross-examine the
CPIB IOs. Here, Mr Lee SC was not suggesting that the late disclosure of
P33–P37 prejudiced Koh because he was completely unaware of the contents of
his earlier statements, but that the minutiae might have faded in Koh’s
memory, and this hindered Koh’s ability to challenge the contents of P1–P4.

49 I was not persuaded by this. Before the DJ, Koh did not dispute that he
failed to mention in P1–P2 that the moneys he transferred to Chang were for
investment in property. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

GD at [138] (ROP at p 2691).

His position was that these statements were inaccurately recorded in other
unrelated aspects, and he did not mention the joint investment defence because
he did not think he was being investigated and the transfers had nothing to do
with BP. Given this, I did not see how his lack of access to P33–P37 hindered
his counsel’s ability to cross-examine the CPIB IOs on the accuracy of P1–P4.

50 Mr Lee SC’s next point was that Koh was denied the opportunity to explain
the contents of all his statements during his evidence-in-chief. I was not
convinced that this occasioned serious prejudice to Koh. After all, it is open
to an accused person to testify to what had transpired since anything relevant
in the statements recorded would have pertained to matters that were known to
him (Xu Yuanchen at [38]). Whilst Koh further suggested that late disclosure
hindered the DJ’s ability to “make a fair and accurate determination on the
weight to be attached to the various statements made”, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

KWS at para 54.

the fact remained that P33–P37 were eventually admitted into evidence and the
DJ considered them in holistically assessing the credibility of Koh’s defence.

51 Mr Lee SC’s final point was that non-disclosure of P33–P37 hampered Koh’s
Defence in making its no-case-to-answer submissions. I was unable to accept
this. The threshold for calling on an accused person’s defence is a low one.
It suffices that the Prosecution adduces some evidence which is not inherently
incredible, and which satisfies each and every element of the charge (Haw Tua
Tau and others v Public Prosecutor [1981–1982] SLR(R) 133; s 230(1)(j) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)). Even if Koh’s Defence was in
possession of and could rely on P33–P37 in making its no-case-to-answers
submissions, this would not have made a material difference to the DJ’s
decision. Pertinently, P1–P4, which were adduced into evidence, were
inculpatory statements in which Koh broadly admitted to providing
gratification to Chang in exchange for Chang suborning his loyalties to BP and
advancing the interests of PPT. These statements, along with the other
evidence, would have sufficed to establish a prima facie case against Koh.
Indeed, in Public Prosecutor v Tan Aik Heng [1995] 1 SLR(R) 710, the Court of
Appeal observed that at the no-case-to-answer stage, the trial judge need not
take great pains in examining contradictory statements and evaluating their
accuracy and veracity by casting them against each other and other evidence.
Such evaluation of evidence would be an appropriate exercise to be carried out
at the end of the case when all the evidence has been placed before him (at
[31]).

52 For completeness, I accepted the Prosecution’s submission that it did not
withhold P33–P37 in bad faith. Mr Lee SC pointed to an extract of the Notes of
Evidence 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

7/8/18 NE, p 56, line 14 to p 57 line 16 (ROP pp 1031–1032).

and suggested that this showed that “the Prosecution had conducted its case in
a way that was calculated and designed to give the biased impression that
[P1–P4] contained admissions which completely corroborated the Prosecution’s
case theory, while withholding equally important explanations made by Koh in
subsequent CPIB statements”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

KWS at para 62.

I found that the Prosecution’s position must be understood in light of the
fact that Xu Yuanchen was only decided after the conclusion of the trial.
Bearing this in mind, I did not find that the Prosecution deliberately misled
the DJ.

53 For these reasons, I did not consider that the Prosecution’s belated
disclosure of P33–P37 warranted acquitting Koh of the 20 charges he was
convicted of.

54 My findings above applied with equal, if not greater, force to Chang. It
was undisputed that apart from P23, the Prosecution only disclosed Chang’s
statements to him at the end of the first day of his cross-examination. To
this extent, I likewise found that the Prosecution acted in breach of its
Kadar disclosure obligations. Nevertheless, any prejudice occasioned to Chang
was limited, and did not demand that Chang be acquitted of the charges he was
convicted of. Beyond a bare assertion that the Prosecution breached its duties
of disclosure under Nabill (which, as I noted earlier, was misguided), counsel
for Chang, Ms Melanie Ho (“Ms Ho”), did not explain how Chang was prejudiced
by the belated disclosure of his statements. I repeat my observations at [47]
above.

Whether the Prosecution breached its disclosure obligations under Nabill by
failing to call Chua as a witness and failing to disclose her witness
statement

55 I turn to Koh’s contention that the Prosecution breached its Nabill
disclosure obligations by failing to disclose Chua’s witness statement to Koh
and further, failed to discharge its evidential burden in respect of a
material issue by failing to call Chua as a witness. Chang did not raise a
similar objection.

56 In relation to the Prosecution’s duty to disclose a material witness’s
statement to the Defence, material witnesses refer to witnesses who can be
expected to confirm or, conversely, contradict an accused person’s defence in
material aspects. The Prosecution is under a duty to disclose the statement of
a material witness (who has not been called by the Prosecution as a witness)
to the Defence. For the purpose of this additional disclosure obligation, it
does not matter whether the statement is favourable, neutral or adverse to the
accused. The additional disclosure obligation does not require the Prosecution
to carry out a prior assessment of whether the statement was prima facie
credible and relevant to the guilt or innocence of the accused. Where the
statutory disclosure procedure does not apply, the Prosecution ought to
satisfy this additional disclosure obligation, at the latest, before the trial
begins (Nabill at [4], [39], [41], [50]).

57 As for the Prosecution’s duty to call a material witness, though the
Prosecution has no legal duty to call any witness, its failure to do so may,
in certain circumstances, mean that it has failed to discharge its evidential
burden to rebut the defence advanced by an accused person. In addition, the
court may draw an adverse inference that the evidence of a material witness,
who could have been but was not called by the Prosecution, would have been
unfavourable to the Prosecution (Nabill at [67]).

58 I deal first with whether the Prosecution breached its Nabill disclosure
obligations by failing to disclose Chua’s witness statement to Koh. I noted
that there was some uncertainty over whether Chua provided an investigative
statement. I was prepared to assume, in Koh’s favour, that Chua did so.
Notably, at the oral hearing before me, the Prosecution submitted that the
Defence could have requested that the Prosecution voluntarily disclose Chua’s
statement but did not do so.

59 Mr Lee SC submitted that Chua was a material witness because she was an
“employee at [BP] whose scope of work involved dealing with various TCPs
(including PPT) at the material time” and her evidence “would have greatly
assisted the court in determining the veracity of the Prosecution’s various
assertions of corrupt favours and benefits allegedly granted to PPT as well as
the weight to be attached to the evidence of the material defence witnesses”.
89

##### Foot Note 89

×

KWS at para 82.

I did not accept this submission. In Roshdi bin Abdullah Altway v Public
Prosecutor and another matter [2022] 1 SLR 535 (“Roshdi”), the Court of Appeal
made clear that the “materiality” of a witness is assessed only by reference
to the defences the accused person may have disclosed at a particular point in
time (at [151], [154]). In the present case, Koh’s defence was that he
transferred moneys to Chang for Chang to invest in property for their joint
benefit. There was, however, no evidence that Chua could shed light on this
joint investment defence.

60 I was not persuaded that materiality should be construed more expansively
to encompass witnesses who may confirm or contradict the Prosecution’s
affirmative case. The concerns animating the Prosecution’s additional
disclosure obligation were that the Prosecution might, despite acting in good
faith, fail to disclose statements which might tend to support the defence and
that an accused person ought to have access to all relevant information in
order to make an informed choice in deciding whether or not to call a material
witness (Nabill at [39], [44]–[47]). These seemed to me to be directed at
ameliorating the prejudice an accused person might face in mounting his
defence.

61 Even if I was wrong and the Prosecution breached its Nabill disclosure
obligations by failing to disclose Chua’s witness statement to Koh, I did not
accept that Koh should be acquitted of all charges. The consequences of any
Nabill breach depend on the facts at hand. The most critical question is
whether, in all the circumstances, the Prosecution’s breach is so egregious
that it occasions a failure of justice or otherwise renders the conviction
unsafe (Roshdi at [168], [177]). I found that, at best, the Prosecution’s
failure to disclose Chua’s witness statement to Koh should prompt the court to
be more searching in its understanding of and reliance on the 20/7/09
Messages. Though Chua would be well placed as the recipient of the 20/7/09
Messages to shed light on their meaning and might have, as Market Coordinator
in BP Marine, provided evidence on whether favours were granted to PPT, the
court had other and sufficient evidence to not only discern the meaning of
these messages but also ascertain whether Koh and Chang engaged in a corrupt
enterprise. I will return to these points at a later juncture. It suffices to
note that I did not find that the Prosecution breached its Nabill disclosure
obligations by failing to disclose Chua’s witness statement and that any
purported breach did not, in any event, demand acquitting Koh of all charges.

62 As for Koh’s submission that the Prosecution’s failure to call Chua as a
witness meant that it failed to prove that the 20/7/09 Messages contained
confidential information and that Chang granted corrupt favours or benefits to
PPT, 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

KWS at paras 70–77.

I deal with this when evaluating the safety of Koh and Chang’s convictions.

Whether the offences under ss 5 and 6 of the PCA are made out as a matter of
law if Koh’s payments to Chang were Chang’s share of his profits as a shadow
partner of PPT

63 The third issue for my consideration was whether Koh and Chang’s offences
under ss 5 and 6 of the PCA were made out as a matter of law. For ease of
reference, I set out these provisions in full:

Punishment for corruption

5. Any person who shall by himself or by or in conjunction with any other person —

(a) corruptly solicit or receive, or agree to receive for himself, or for any
other person; or

(b) corruptly give, promise or offer to any person whether for the benefit of
that person or of another person,

any gratification as an inducement to or reward for, or otherwise on account
of —

(i) any person doing or forbearing to do anything in respect of any matter or
transaction whatsoever, actual or proposed; or

(ii) any member, officer or servant of a public body doing or forbearing to do
anything in respect of any matter or transaction whatsoever, actual or
proposed, in which such public body is concerned,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to
both.

Punishment for corrupt transactions with agents

6. If —

(a) any agent corruptly accepts or obtains, or agrees to accept or attempts to
obtain, from any person, for himself or for any other person, any
gratification as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for
having done or forborne to do, any act in relation to his principal’s affairs
or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any
person in relation to his principal’s affairs or business;

(b) any person corruptly gives or agrees to give or offers any gratification
to any agent as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for
having done or forborne to do any act in relation to his principal’s affairs
or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any
person in relation to his principal’s affairs or business; or …

he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine
not exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or
to both.

64 On the strength of the DJ’s purported finding that the transfers from Koh
to Chang constituted Chang’s “share of profits” as a shadow partner in PPT, Mr
Lee SC contended that the arrangement between Koh and Chang amounted to a
situation where an agent created his own secret benefits and received moneys
representing such benefits. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

KWS at paras 108–114.

On this analysis, the fund transfers could not be said to have influenced
Chang to act improperly for the benefit of Koh. Rather, Chang had every
incentive to ensure that PPT performed well so that he could maximise his
share of the profits. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

KWS at paras 115–121.

65 In this vein, Mr Lee SC relied on Leng Kah Poh v Public Prosecutor [2013] 4
SLR 878 (“Leng Kah Poh (HC)”). There, the appellant was a food and beverage
manager at IKEA Singapore who was, at first instance, convicted of 80 charges
under s 6(a) of the PCA read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed). He had received rewards for awarding food supply contracts to two
companies, AT35 and FRT.

66 AT35 was a company registered under the name of one Andrew Tee Fook Boon
(“Andrew”). Andrew was approached by Gary Lim Kim Seng (“Gary”) to convert
AT35 into a food supply business. A plan was devised amongst the appellant,
Andrew, and Gary for AT35 to supply food to IKEA Singapore. Andrew and Gary
subsequently set up a second company, FRT, under the name of one of Gary’s
employees. Both AT35 and FRT obtained food supplies and sold these products to
IKEA Singapore at a marked-up rate. The appellant’s role in this arrangement
was to give AT35 insider tips on how to make AT35 and FRT’s products palatable
to IKEA Singapore. He would also exercise his influence to approve AT35 and
FRT as the exclusive food suppliers of dried goods and chicken wings to IKEA
Singapore.

67 On appeal, the High Court Judge held that there must be at least three
parties for a transaction to be corrupt: the principal whose loss is at issue,
the agent whose corrupt intention is at issue, and the person or entity
inducing the agent to act dishonestly. Accordingly, an agent who has acted
with dishonest intent and interfered with the affairs of his principal but has
not been induced to do so by a third party is not guilty of corruption (at
[8]). On the facts of the case, the High Court Judge found that “Gary and the
appellant had landed on the idea together and had decided that AT35 and later
FRT were the vehicles by which their scheme could be carried out”. In so far
as there was “a reasonable chance that this was a situation where the
appellant was effectively paying himself”, the Judge acquitted the appellant
of the charges (at [12]–[14]).

68 Leng Kah Poh (HC) must, however, be read in the context of the criminal
reference arising from the case. In Public Prosecutor v Leng Kah Poh [2014] 4
SLR 1264 (“Leng Kah Poh (CA)”), the Court of Appeal held that it is not
necessary in every case of establishing the “gratification” of the transaction
that it must be proven, as a fact, that there was an act of inducement by the
third party upon the agent. Rather, a court should distinguish between
inducement as an act of persuasion and inducement as a descriptor of a
gratification. The inquiry in relation to an inducement in the context of s
6(a) of the PCA is not about the presence of an act of inducement by the third
party. As a matter of principle, whether an objective corrupt element exists,
and which is related to a finding of gratification, cannot be dependent on who
initiated the promise of a gift. The contrary position would mean that the
more outrageously an agent behaves in soliciting for the gift, the less likely
he would be guilty of the offence of corruption (at [42]–[44], [48]).

69 Additionally, in the situation where the agent has some beneficial or legal
interest in a third party, the agent’s drawing of his share of the profits
obtained by that party from the benefits conferred could be considered a
gratification for the purpose of s 6(a) of the PCA. Persons who have a
shareholding, legal and/or beneficial ownership or entity in a legal entity
are not synonymous with that legal entity. In any event, even if an agent has
part ownership in the third party and obtained his share of the profits from
it, it would be incorrect to assume that the agent’s share of the profits was
not gratification. An inquiry into all the circumstances, such as the workings
of the scheme, is called for (Leng Kah Poh (CA) at [54]–[59]). Following from
this, the Court of Appeal held that the High Court erred in its assessment of
the case and directed parties to address the court on the appropriate orders
to be made. I took the liberty to examine the record of proceedings and noted
that the Court of Appeal subsequently restored the sentences imposed by the
District Judge.

70 Thus understood, I did not find Leng Kah Poh (HC) to assist Koh and Chang.
First of all, it was not clear to me that the DJ found that Chang was a shadow
partner in PPT and the moneys he received were his share of the company’s
profits. Reading the salient portions of the DJ’s decision in context, 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

GD at [34], [144], [147(e)] (ROP at pp 2637–2638, 2695–2697).

it appeared to me that the DJ merely recounted Chang’s assertion that he
considered himself to be a shadow partner in PPT without making a concomitant
finding. This could be gleaned from her observations that “any risk in PPT’s
business model did not reside with [Chang] as a shadow partner”, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

GD at [144] (ROP at p 2695).

“Chang regarded himself as a co-owner or shadow partner of PPT” [emphasis
added] and “Koh did not regard Chang to be his partner in PPT”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

GD at [129], [147(d)] (ROP at pp 2685, 2697).

It was also consistent with Koh rejecting Chang’s assertion that he was a
shadow partner of PPT in P2, P33 and P35, as well as stating that “Chang did
not contribute any money to set up [PPT and] was not involved in the
operations of [PPT]” in P35. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

P2 (para 25, Q2/A2) (ROP at pp 2780–2781); P33 (para 69, Q1/A1) (ROP at p
3394); P35 (paras 5, 15 (Q5/A5) (ROP at pp 3443, 3448).

71 Second, on Koh’s own account, the moneys he transferred to Chang between
2006 and 2010 stemmed from his earnings in MaxFortune (a company incorporated
in the British Virgin Islands) and Chang was not, in any way, related to this
company. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

P35 (paras 43, 45 (Q6/A6)) (ROP at pp 3463–3464).

72 Third, in light of Leng Kah Poh (CA), even assuming that the moneys
constituted Chang’s “share of profits” as a shadow partner in PPT, this did
not ipso facto render the charges proffered against Chang and Koh untenable.
Whether secret profits received by an agent can be considered a gratification
depends on whether there was a gratification by inducement or reward to the
agent that led to a dishonest gain or advantage being conferred by the agent
on the third party. It is this inquiry to which I now turn.

Whether there was a corrupt arrangement between Koh and Chang for the latter
to use his position in BP to advance PPT’s business interest vis-à-vis BP

73 The crux of the appeal turned on whether the DJ’s finding that there was a
corrupt arrangement between Koh and Chang for the latter to use his position
in BP to advance PPT’s business interest vis-à-vis BP was against the weight
of the evidence. This finding underpinned the DJ’s holding that the
Prosecution had proven the mens rea of the charges beyond a reasonable doubt.
I assess the safety of Chang and Koh’s convictions on the first 19 charges
proffered against each of them in this section, before evaluating the
propriety of their convictions on the 20th charges in the next.

74 A key strand of Chang and Koh’s submissions was that there was no evidence
that Chang advanced PPT’s business interest with BP because of the payments he
received. On the contrary, the evidence purportedly showed that Chang could
not and did not advance PPT’s business interest. For example, Mr Lee SC and Ms
Ho both submitted that Chang did not facilitate PPT’s initial appointment as a
TCP, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

KWS at paras 126–128; CWS at paras 124–136.

Koh knew that Chang would not adversely affect PPT’s status as a TCP of BP, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

KWS at paras 14(a), 129–136; CWS at paras 198–201.

and Chang had no influence over the price of oil sold by BP to PPT. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

KWS at paras 137–145; CWS at paras 150–160.

Ms Ho also pointed to the fact that Chang placed BP’s interests before PPT’s
and BP decided to retain PPT as its TCP even after Chang left the employ of
BP. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

CWS at paras 214–226, 281–295.

75 I was unable to accept these submissions. The fundamental obstacle that
Chang and Koh faced and failed to overcome was that they had essentially
admitted to the corrupt scheme in their investigative statements. I set out
the salient portions of these statements:

(a) In P1, Koh stated that in 2000 and 2001, he discussed “setting up a
company to trade in marine fuel and to share the profits” with Chang, Chang
told him “that he can get BP to appoint PPT as a Marine Bunker Counterparty to
trade in marine fuel”, and being a TCP carried several advantages including
being able to “buy and store the marine fuel in large volume for a term period
and [being able to] sell to the petroleum com[p]any at spot price where there
is a demand to support the petrol company’s position”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

P1 (paras 4, 6) (ROP at p 2772–2773).

Koh also stated that Chang “ha[d] the power to terminate PPT’s status as a
[TCP] with BP”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

P1 (para 15) (ROP at p 2774).

(b) In P2, Koh stated that in 2004, he felt that Chang “had full authority on
marine fuel sales and [could] help [PPT] become [a] counterparty and if [PPT]
maintain[ed] a good standard, he [could] give all BP deals to [PPT]”. Koh
understood that Chang “had the power to make or break” and “controlled the
fate” of PPT. Further, between 2005 and 2010, Chang periodically asked Koh for
money. Koh believed that PPT “w[ould] no longer get deals from BP” if he
refused Chang’s requests and would give Chang moneys “so long as the money [he
made] from having this relationship with BP [was] more than what [Chang] had
been asking”. Koh transferred moneys to Chang via Hong Kong bank accounts at
Chang’s request and because Chang “did not want to take cash from [Koh] in
Singapore”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

P2 (para 25, Q2/A2–Q6/A6) (ROP at pp 2780–2781).

(c) In P4, Koh reiterated that Chang had the power to choose a bunkering
company other than PPT to be BP’s TCP and if Chang exercised this power, PPT
“would not be able to get the counterparty netting agreement from BP and …
[could not] buy marine fuel from BP anymore”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

P3 (paras 31–32) (ROP at pp 2789–2790).

(d) In P34, Koh again stated that he transferred the moneys to Chang’s bank
account under pressure from Chang and because Chang “had the power to cease
the PPT’s partnership with BP”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

P34 (para 67, Q2/A2) (ROP at p 3402).

(e) In P35, Koh elaborated on the benefits of being appointed a TCP. He stated
that the trades between BP and a TCP need not be done on a “cash on delivery
basis” but could be offset and “settled either on a monthly or weekly basis”.
Additionally, as a TCP of BP, PPT’s “oil trading volume … is guaranteed, so
that at least the costs bunker barges will be covered and [PPT] will not make
a loss. If [PPT] were not a counterparty of [BP], [its] oil trading volume
would not be guaranteed”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

P35 (paras 7, 9) (ROP at pp 3444–3445).

Koh also unequivocally stated that Chang had the power to influence whether
PPT was appointed a TCP with BP and the quantity of oil PPT traded with BP.
108

##### Foot Note 108

×

P35 (para 15, Q1/A1–Q2/A2) (ROP at pp 3447–3448).

(f) In P23, Chang stated that he “proposed to Koh to set up a bunker company
on his own”, which led Koh to set up PPT. Koh and Chang understood that Chang
would help PPT: the agreement “was that [PPT would] perform its bunkering role
in a legitimate manner … In return, BP [would] give business to [PPT]”. Chang
was “unable to be an open partner as [he] was gainfully employed by BP and
should not be seen as having a business relationship in [PPT]”. He also
admitted to telling Chua to give “all the term with good pricing to [PPT]” in
December 2009. Further, from 2007 or 2008, Koh would transfer money from his
Hong Kong bank account to Chang’s Hong Kong bank account as Chang’s share of
profits in PPT. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

P23 (paras 15–20) (ROP at pp 3154–3155).

(g) In P40, Chang admitted that he recommended PPT to be a TCP of BP and had
the power to seek approval for PPT to be replaced as a TCP of BP. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

P40 (para 72, Q3/A3–Q5/A5) (ROP at p 3554).

He also admitted to knowing that he ought not to have a business relationship
with PPT whilst being employed by BP. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

P40 (para 71, Q1/A1, Q7/A7–Q12/A12) (ROP at pp 3554–3555).

76 I found that these statements amply supported the DJ’s finding that Chang
asked Koh to set up PPT, parties shared an understanding that Chang would
facilitate the appointment of PPT as BP’s TCP, Koh understood that Chang was
in a position to influence the fortunes of PPT, Chang asked for moneys for
what he perceived to be his share of profits in PPT, and Koh transferred
moneys to Chang to keep PPT’s business relationship with BP intact. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

GD at [129], [147] (ROP at pp 2684–2685, 2696–2697).

Koh and Chang had no good answer for their respective admissions in P1–P4 and
P23. Whilst they rehashed their arguments that aspects of these statements
were inaccurately recorded, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

KWS at paras 193–200; CWS at paras 327–361.

I upheld the DJ’s finding to the contrary. There was no merit to Koh’s claim
that he lacked proficiency in English or Chang’s claim that he was in a hurry
to sign the settlement agreement with BP. These flew in the face of the
numerous amendments Koh made to P1–P4 of his own volition and the fact that
Chang had signed the settlement agreement a few days before providing P23.

77 Against the backdrop of these admissions, I found that Koh and Chang’s
submissions fell away. Whether Chang had the ability to unilaterally appoint
PPT as BP’s TCP was not material. What was important was that Chang admitted
to recommending PPT as a TCP of BP and did so with a view to eventually
extracting bribes from Koh. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

P40 (para 72, Q3/A3) (ROP at p 3554).

Though Ms Ho submitted that there was nothing inherently nefarious about
recommending that an entity become a TCP of BP, 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

CWS at para 142.

this overlooked the context in which Chang’s recommendation was made. In
particular, Chang’s act had to be understood in light of Koh’s admissions that
Chang had informed him that “he [could] get BP to appoint PPT [as a TCP] to
trade in marine fuel”, being a TCP was advantageous to PPT, and Chang
subsequently asked Koh for moneys as consideration for maintaining PPT’s
advantageous relationship with BP. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

P1 (paras 4, 6) (ROP at p 2772–2773).

78 Similarly, Koh and Chang’s submission that Koh knew that Chang would not
adversely affect PPT’s status as BP’s TCP was undermined by Koh’s statements
to the contrary. Pertinently, Koh stated that Chang had the power to terminate
PPT’s status as BP’s TCP. Koh went so far as to state that he agreed to
transfer moneys to Chang because Chang “was trying to make use of his position
to pressuri[s]e [Koh] into giving the money as [Chang] had the power to cease
the PPT’s partnership with BP” (see [75] above). 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

P1 (para 15) (ROP at p 2774); P3 (paras 31–32) (ROP at pp 2789–2790); P34
(para 67, Q2/A2) (ROP at p 3402).

These admissions showed up Koh’s claim to have believed that Chang would not
adversely affect the interest of PPT.

79 Whether BP enjoyed a mutually beneficial relationship with PPT such that it
was against BP’s interest to terminate its relationship with PPT was
irrelevant. It is not uncommon for a principal to, in some sense, “benefit”
from a corrupt arrangement, for instance, in terms of the stability that a
particular commercial relationship provides. This does not mean that the
principal’s interests were not suborned by an offender and the corrupt
arrangement. As Menon CJ explained in Public Prosecutor v Wong Chee Meng and
another appeal [2020] 5 SLR 807 (“Wong Chee Meng”), while the detriment to the
principal will often be closely correlated to the profit obtained or benefit
secured by the giver of gratification, this is not invariably the case. Even
where a principal might be said to have benefitted from being able to receive
the required services at an acceptable cost, this does not mean the
transaction is unobjectionable. The fact remains that the agent-principal
relationship has been suborned by the agent’s failure to disclose the true
position to the principal, including the personal benefits the agent has
received without the principal’s knowledge (at [64]).

80 Chang and Koh’s next contention was that Chang had no influence over the
price of oil sold by BP to PPT. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

KWS at paras 137–145; CWS at paras 150–160.

The short response to this point was that it did not matter. The actus reus of
an offence under ss 5 or 6 of the PCA is concerned with the giving or
receiving of the gratification and this is complete even if the recipient has
not yet had any opportunity to show favour to the giver in relation to the
recipient’s affairs (Abdul Aziz bin Mohamed Hanib v Public Prosecutor and
other appeals [2022] SGHC 101 at [108]). The other elements of an offence
under ss 5 or 6 of the PCA, viz, the consequential link between the
gratification and the act the gratification was intended to procure, the
objective corrupt element in the transaction, and that the gratification was
given or received with guilty knowledge, likewise do not demand that a benefit
actually be conferred. Section 9 of the PCA puts the aforesaid on a statutory
footing for offences under ss 6(a) or 6(b) of the PCA.

81 In any event, I saw no reason to interfere with the DJ’s finding that Chang
did in fact advance the business interests of PPT with BP and was moved to do
so by the bribes he received from Koh. As I noted earlier, Koh and Chang
admitted that Chang recommended that PPT become a TCP of BP, 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

P40 (para 72, Q3/A3) (ROP at p 3554).

there were numerous advantages that BP’s TCPs enjoyed, and the evidence also
supported that Chang did so with a view to eventually extracting bribes from
Koh (see [77] above).

82 Additionally, I agreed with the DJ that the 20/7/09 Messages and the
1/12/09 Message evinced that Chang had advanced PPT’s interest vis-à-vis BP.
The DJ found these messages to show that Chang had favoured PPT under the
guise of business strategy 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

GD at [148(b)] (ROP at pp 2698–2699).

and divulged BP’s confidential information to Koh. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

GD at [148(c)] (ROP at pp 2699–2700).

83 In this regard, I rejected Ms Ho’s submission that Chang sent the 1/12/09
Message amidst a crisis, ie, when “prices were tanking” and no party wanted to
purchase oil such that he was doing PPT a disfavour in directing Chua to
allocate a larger trade of oil to PPT. Ms Ho also submitted that it was only
natural that a party who purchased a greater volume of oil enjoyed cost
savings. I found this to be an unbelievable interpretation of the 1/12/09
Message.

84 The 1/12/09 Message had to be understood in light of the following. First,
Koh and Chang admitted to the corrupt scheme in their investigative
statements. In particular, Koh claimed that Chang could “give all BP deals to
[PPT]” in P2 and Chang also claimed that he regarded himself as a “shadow
partner” of BP in P23.

85 Second, Chang was unable to maintain a consistent account of why he had
sent the 1/12/09 Message. It was telling that Chang did not mention that he
had sent the 1/12/09 Message to resolve a crisis rooted in an oversupply of
oil in his investigative statements P23, P41 or P45. Rather, his explanation
of the 1/12/09 Message in P23 was that it was “normal business strategy” for a
company to “take care of its biggest partner first” such as by allocating them
“deals with the most competitive terms”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

P23 (paras 27–28) (ROP at pp 3156–3157).

Chang similarly claimed that he instructed Chua to “pass all the good term
pricing to Koh first because PPT did most of the term and spot deals for BP”
and “had vast experience serving BP’s customers and … bought the most volume
of term fuel oil from BP” in P41 and P45 respectively. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

P41 (para 74) (ROP at p 3579); P45 (para 80) (ROP at pp 3944–3945).

86 Third, the testimonies of PW3 Mr Christopher Lu Feng (Regional Marine
Manager of BP) (“Mr Lu”) 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

P5 (ROP at p 2791).

and PW5 Theresa Zapiecki (Regional Compliance Director of BP’s Integrated
Supply and Trading Division (“Ms Zapiecki”) do not support Ms Ho’s submission.
125

##### Foot Note 125

×

ROP at p 499.

Mr Lu and Ms Zapiecki attested that BP’s manner of allocating trades to
various TCPs was information that should not be shared with its TCPs as
disclosure weakened BP’s bargaining position, 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

ROP at pp 419–420.

and that Chang had granted “a market participant unfair advantage in the
market by disclosing BP’s intended trading strategy”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

ROP at p 704.

87 The above provided important context to the 1/12/09 Message and showed
Chang’s in-court explanation of the message to be disingenuous. These strands
of evidence also provided ample basis for the DJ to infer that Chang sent the
1/12/09 Message with the intention of favouring PPT in the absence of Chua’s
testimony.

88 Turning to the 20/7/09 Messages, Koh and Chang submitted that these did not
contain confidential information. Koh contended that the information in the
20/7/09 Messages was already known to the PPT employees embedded at BP’s
office. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

KWS at para 151.

Chang similarly submitted that BP would arrange for loading and delivery of
oil in advance of its arrival and it was vital that PPT, as BP’s TCP, was
privy to this information. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

CWS at paras 186–193.

However, even assuming that some of PPT’s employees were privy to such
information, the 20/7/09 Messages were not restricted to BP’s imminent receipt
of oil. Rather, Chang went further to advise Koh to “sell as much as possible
[before the] premium collapses”. Chang had no reason to do so as an employee
of BP unless he had a vested interest in PPT’s success.

89 I was also cognisant that Koh and Chang sung a different tune in their
later investigative statements, P35–P37 and P39–P48. For example, Koh claimed
that he transferred the moneys to Chang pursuant to an informal agreement
between the parties to invest in property in P35, 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

P35 (paras 11–15) (ROP at pp 3445–3455).

and said that Chang asked him for money in 2006 because the Hong Kong property
market was booming at the time in P37. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

P37 (para 77, Q3/A3) (ROP at p 3537).

Likewise, Chang claimed that Koh transferred him moneys for joint property
investments and that he had purchased various properties with the moneys in
his HSBC Hong Kong account in P40 and P42. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

P40 (paras 47–48, 50–51) (ROP at pp 3549–3550); P42 (para 18) (ROP at p 3588).

90 However, I saw no reason to interfere with the DJ’s finding that Koh and
Chang’s evidence “contained various glaring contradictions and inconsistencies
pertaining to the joint investments, including those relating to which
properties and investments formed part of the joint investment project”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

GD at [158] (ROP at p 2709).

I upheld the DJ’s finding that the joint investment defence was a sham. This
fortified my findings above and also underscored the poor credibility of the
appellants.

91 To begin, the appellants did not adequately explain their failure to
mention the joint investment defence in their initial investigative statements
(see [76] above). Koh and Chang first mentioned the joint investment defence
in P35 and P39. These statements were recorded from Koh and Chang on 13
February 2015 and 16 January 2012 respectively, a significant time after they
had provided their initial investigative statements on 18 October 2011.

92 Next, it beggared belief that Koh would transfer millions of dollars to
Chang for Chang to invest in property when Koh claimed to have not considered
Chang a “very close friend” but merely “business [associate]”, 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

P35 (para 10) (ROP at p 3445).

and their joint investments were characterised by a dearth of documentation
and accounting. Chang’s claim that he recorded some of the conversations he
had with Koh regarding the joint property investments and the flow of Koh’s
funds in his personal notebooks that he returned to BP was not raised in his
investigative statements and did not, in any event, take him very far. After
all, Chang attested that the notebooks did not contain details of what was due
and owing to Koh nor the capital gains from the purported investments. Rather,
Chang merely noted Koh’s initial investment and Chang’s share of the loan and
stamp duties in this notebook. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

ROP at p 1871.

In line with this, Koh claimed that the arrangement between him and Chang “was
all verbal and [Chang] did not show [him] any documentation”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

P35 (para 13) (ROP at pp 3446–3447).

Whilst Ms Ho prepared an Annex in Chang’s closing written submissions, 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

CWS at Annex A.

which purportedly showed that there was a broad 50/50 split in the moneys that
were the subject of the property investments between Koh and Chang and that
Chang had rolled over the moneys Koh made from one property into another, this
was of limited probative value. There was no objective evidence to support Ms
Ho’s claims and calculations.

93 In the round, I found the joint investment defence to be inconsistent and
illogical. I provide some examples:

(a) The defence was contradicted by Koh’s claim in P33 that the “joint
business venture” between himself and Chang “did not materiali[s]e” and
“[t]here [was] no property under [their] name[s]”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

P33 (para 69, Q2/A2) (ROP at p 3394).

(b) Koh’s claim that he transferred the moneys for property investment to
Chang at Chang’s behest and left Chang to invest the moneys in property 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

P35 (paras 11–12) (ROP at pp 3445–3446).

was inconsistent with Chang’s account that “there were two to three occasions
[when] Koh was the one who came up with the figures” for the investments. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

P42 (para 19, Q3/A3) (ROP at p 3589).

(c) Neither Koh nor Chang was able to adequately explain why Koh had to
transfer the moneys intended for a limited number of property investments to
Koh over 19 tranches. I highlight that the sums that were the subject of the
charges ranged from US$100,000 to US$350,000 and were transferred over
approximately 19 occasions between 31 July 2006 to 26 July 2010. Chang’s claim
that when he instructed Koh to transfer money to him, he “came up with the
figures based on the [anticipated] property price”, 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

P42 (para 19, Q3/A3) (ROP at p 3589).

ie, before properties were identified and purchased, beggared belief.

(d) Koh and Chang likewise failed to satisfactorily account for why the
transfers took place via bank accounts in Hong Kong. Whereas Koh alleged that
he transferred moneys to Chang’s Hong Kong bank account at Chang’s request and
because Chang did not wish to take cash from him in Singapore, 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

P2 (para 25, Q6/A6) (ROP at p 2781); P36 (para 43, Q4/A4) (ROP at p 3507).

Chang first claimed that he opened his HSBC bank account for the purpose of
the Mindchamps business, 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

P40 (para 46) (ROP at p 3549).

then claimed that the bank account was set up for property investment and
because it would be more convenient for Koh to transfer moneys to a bank in
Hong Kong, 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

P42 (para 19) (ROP at pp 3588–3591).

and finally claimed that Koh and himself spontaneously decided to open a bank
account with HSBC while they were both in Hong Kong. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

P45 (para 92, Q2/A2) (ROP at p 3947).

(e) Koh and Chang provided irreconcilable evidence on which properties were
purportedly the subject of their joint investments and the management of these
properties. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

GD at [159]–[171] (ROP at pp 2709–2716); RS at paras 40–54.

94 Finally, I deal with the argument that it did not make sense for Koh to
bribe Chang because the moneys Koh transferred to Chang during the financial
years ending 31 March 2007, 31 March 2008 and 31 March 2009 exceeded PPT’s net
profits during the corresponding period, and the aggregate sum Koh transferred
to Chang as of 31 March 2008 and 31 March 2009 exceeded the cumulative profits
generated by PPT as of these respective dates. In this connection, Ms Ho
submitted that the DJ erred in relying on P55–P57 to find that “PPT stood at
the core of a network of companies which Koh had a stake in, and which stood
to benefit from PPT’s business relationship with BP”, 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

GD at [155] (ROP at p 2708).

because the trust deeds “never formed part of the Prosecution’s case”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

CWS at paras 260–266.

I also concurrently deal with Koh and Chang’s submission that the timings of
the first and last transfers undermined the existence of a corrupt scheme. To
recap, the first and final transfers took place after PPT had been appointed
as BP’s TCP and after Chang had left BP’s employ respectively.

95 I accepted that whether a corrupt arrangement is commercially beneficial to
the giver of a bribe and the timing of any moneys transferred are evidence
relevant to the existence of the corrupt scheme. That said, in the present
case, the probative value of the quantum or timing of the bribes was
outweighed by the rest of the evidence. I repeat that Koh and Chang admitted
to the corrupt scheme in their investigative statements. Additionally, Chang
claimed that Koh would transfer moneys to him “when [PPT] makes money” and not
otherwise, 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

P23 (para 18) (ROP at p 3155).

Koh admitted that it made sense for him to transfer moneys to Chang “so long
as the money [he] ma[d]e from having this relationship with BP [was] more than
what [Chang] had been asking”, 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

P2 (para 25, Q4/A4) (ROP at p 2781).

and both parties treated all the moneys that were the subject of the first 19
charges as having been transferred for the same purpose in their investigative
statements. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

P23 (para 18) (ROP at p 3155); P34 (para 67) (ROP at p 3402).

96 For the above reasons, I upheld the DJ’s decision to convict Koh and Chang
on the first 19 charges proffered against each of them. Her determination that
the elements of these offences were proven beyond a reasonable doubt was not
against the weight of the evidence.

Whether the 20th charges were part of the corrupt scheme between Koh and Chang

97 Lastly, I considered whether the 20th charges, which pertained to payments
Koh made to Mindchamps City Square, formed part of Koh and Chang’s corrupt
scheme. Koh and Chang submitted that the objective and contemporaneous
evidence showed that the transfers to Mindchamps City Square constituted Koh’s
legitimate investment in the business. On their account, there was no reason
for Koh to concern himself with the affairs of Mindchamps City Square if the
business was entangled with the corrupt scheme. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

KWS at paras 178–188.

It was also significant that Koh made several payments to Mindchamps City
Square after Chang informed Koh of his intention to leave BP. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

KWS at paras 178–188; CWS at paras 61–65.

98 I found that the DJ’s decision to convict the appellants on the 20th
charges was against the weight of the evidence. In dealing with the 20th
charges, the DJ held that Koh’s payments to Mindchamps City Square “should not
be looked at in isolation” but must be considered against the backdrop of
Koh’s transfers of moneys to Chang at the material time as well as his alleged
prior investment in Mindchamps Tampines. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

GD at [174] (ROP at pp 2716–2717).

The DJ placed weight on Koh’s admission that he had paid the moneys to
Mindchamps City Square to avoid offending Chang and to keep PPT’s business
with BP intact. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

GD at [175] (ROP at p 2717).

Although Koh was registered as a shareholder and director of Mindchamps City
Square, the DJ considered that this was done to secure a lease and did not
indicate that the transaction stood apart from the corrupt scheme. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

GD at [175] (ROP at pp 2717–2718).

99 The high water mark of the Prosecution’s case was P2 and P35, wherein Koh
stated that he “did not have the interest of investing into a preschool
business like Mindchamps”, 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

P2 (para 25, Q1/A1) (ROP at p 2780); P35 (para 17) (ROP at p 3455).

“all transfers of money to [Chang] were ‘money to keep [PPT’s] busines[s]
intact with BP’”, 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

P2 (para 25, Q5/A5) (ROP at p 2781).

he “did not have much interest in starting [Mindchamps City Square] because
[he] did not know how to run this kind of business [but Chang] told [him] that
[he] did not have to be involved in the running as long as [he] came up with
the money”, 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

P35 (para 17) (ROP at p 3455).

and he eventually “agreed because [he] did not want to offend [Chang] and
affect [their] working relationship”. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

P35 (para 17, para 21 (Q1/A1)) (ROP at pp 3455–3457).

100 That said, I found that the DJ read too much into Koh’s purported
disinterest in Mindchamps City Square. Whilst Koh was not actively involved in
the business, the weight of the evidence did not support that Koh had no
financial interest in Mindchamps City Square and made the transfers to induce
Chang to advance PPT’s business interests with BP.

101 For one, Koh’s claims that he was disinterested in Mindchamps City Square
in P2 and P35 had to be read in tandem with P1, where Koh earlier claimed that
he was a shareholder in Mindchamps City Square but did “not go down to the
place … or interfere [with] the running of the business”. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

P1 (para 11) (ROP at pp 2773–2774).

In my view, this contextualised Koh’s claims of disinterest and suggested that
he was a passive shareholder in the business, rather than that his involvement
in Mindchamps City Square was a sham.

102 Additionally, Koh was registered as a shareholder and director of
Mindchamps City Square. The DJ accorded little weight to this on the back of
Chang’s testimony that Koh was registered as a director of Mindchamps City
Square because of “additional requirements from the landlord, whereby they
wanted somebody more influential” to stand as guarantor of the lease. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

GD at [175] (ROP at pp 2717–2718).

That Koh’s involvement in Mindchamps City Square was important to the securing
of the lease was, in my view, a neutral factor. It was, at any rate,
outweighed by the evidence I set out below.

103 Pertinently, Koh and Chang had approached DW2 Hu Ning (“Hu”) and DW4 Ng
Koh Sheng (“Ng”) (both employees of BP) 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

ROP at pp 1442–1443, 2056–2057.

and asked them if they wished to invest in Mindchamps City Square. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

ROP at p 1484–1486

While this did not mean that Koh could not have or did not bribe Chang to
advance PPT’s business interests with BP via Mindchamps City Square, it was
probative of the legitimacy of the Mindchamps City Square business,
particularly as there was no evidence that Hu or Ng shared in Koh and Chang’s
corrupt scheme.

104 It was also significant that the moneys that were the subject of the 20th
charges were transferred at Chang’s behest to Mindchamps City Square, in
contradistinction to Chang. This was in spite of the fact that the period of
time Koh transferred these sums to Mindchamps City Square 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

GD at [25], [173] (ROP at pp 2630, 2716).

overlapped with the time he transferred the moneys that were the subject of
the first 19 charges. Indeed, the moneys that were the subject of the 20th
charge were the only sums Chang did not receive via his HSBC Hong Kong
account. I am not suggesting that the mere fact that moneys were paid into
distinct bank accounts suggests that they were intended for different
purposes. Rather, in light of the pattern and timing of Koh’s transfers of
moneys to Chang, the fact that the moneys that were the subject of the 20th
charges were paid to Mindchamps City Square supported that they were intended
for the business.

105 The text messages exchanged between the appellants were also consistent
with Koh and Chang’s claims to have genuinely invested in a legitimate
business. These messages included a message Koh sent to Chang on 15 September
2009 stating, “initial pay up capital sd100k for mindchamp, 50/50,” 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

P49 (ROP at p 4090, message at 13:48:19).

and a message from Chang stating, “Koh, cdl wants paid up capital to be sd
222k (6 months rental). Have sent Acc no to u on email. Pls transfer sd1 1 1 k
to the new co asap. I will deposit sd 1 1 1 k tomorrow. Need to meet cdl on
23rd to sign lease agreement”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

P49 (ROP at p 4090, message at 18:11:46).

They had been exchanged two days before Koh first transferred $111,000 to
Mindchamps City Square 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

PS1 (para 20) (ROP at pp 4170–4171).

and before investigations into the appellants’ offences commenced. They thus
supported that Mindchamps City Square stood apart from the parties’ corrupt
scheme.

106 Finally, Mindchamps City Square paid $182,500 to Koh between 4 November
2014 and 17 February 2015 as repayment of his director’s loans. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

PS1 (para 21) (ROP at p 4171).

The Prosecution contended that these payments were only made after
investigations into Chang and Koh’s offences had commenced and were thus made
to provide Mindchamps City Square with a veneer of legitimacy. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

RS at para 83(a).

I did not accept this submission. The Defence had adduced a cheque Koh wrote
to Mindchamps City Square dated 24 September 2009 which stated, “Please note
the above deposit of S$100,000/= from Mr Koh Seng Lee … will be treated as
director’s loan”. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

ROP at p 3416.

Chang had also stated on 18 October 2011 that he treated $300,000 of Koh’s
moneys as Koh’s loan to Mindchamps City Square in his capacity as director.

107 For these reasons, I found that the DJ’s decision to convict the
appellants on the 20th charges was against the weight of the evidence. I set
aside these convictions.

Decision on sentence

The s 6 PCA charges

108 The relevant sentencing framework governing private sector corruption
offences under s 6 of the PCA is set out in Goh Ngak Eng. I outline below my
application of this framework.

Identifying the level of harm

109 I agreed that there was no actual pecuniary loss to BP. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

KWSS at para 18; CWSS at para 19.

However, this did not mean that BP suffered no detriment as a result of the
appellants’ actions. Such detriment could take the form of being deprived of
the opportunity to have selected better or more diverse services or partners
on the basis of quality of work (Goh Ngak Eng at [106(a)]). In the present
case, I considered that there was some detriment caused to BP by the
cultivation of the insider relationship between Koh and Chang, and the
influence that Chang had within BP. There was sufficient evidence that other
TCPs were disqualified on the basis of requirements that PPT did not meet,
such as lacking a bunker supply licence from the Maritime Port Authority. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

GD at [18] (ROP at p 2627).

In other words, Chang introduced selective barriers that ruled out potentially
viable TCPs that BP could have relied on in addition to PPT. The fact that BP
was able to source other alternatives after PPT’s departure suggests that such
alternatives were in fact available.

110 I also gave weight to the Prosecution’s submission that there was an
overconcentration of BP’s business with PPT, which left BP having to coax PPT
to stay on and exposed it to additional risk through a netting arrangement
favourable to PPT. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Respondents’ Submissions on Sentence (“RSS”) at paras 10(a) and 10(d); GD at
[257] (ROP at p 2756).

That Chang shared BP’s confidential information with Koh in breach of its
guidelines was further evidence of potential harm to BP. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

RSS at para 10(c); 8/2/18 NE, p 48, line 17 to p 49 line 3 (ROP pp 419–420).

111 Chang argued that the coincidence of BP’s success with the time PPT was
its TCP showed that there was no actual loss to BP. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

CWSS at para 28.

I disagreed. While there was correlation of timing, there was insufficient
evidence that PPT was the source of BP’s success since the appointment of PPT
as BP’s TCP coincided with changes in the external market. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

15/8/18 NE, p 13 line 25 to p 14 line 11 (ROP pp 1142–1143).

Moreover, even if BP did derive some benefit from having PPT as a TCP, this
did not mitigate the harm of the cultivation of Chang as an insider since BP
was deprived of the opportunity to re-evaluate that commercial decision on an
ongoing basis on a fair assessment of merit.

112 However, I would not overstate the harm of this cultivation of
relationship for several reasons. First, unlike Goh Ngak Eng, this was not a
situation where the principal paid more than it ought to have for the
contractor’s services. Second, there was no allegation of loss suffered by the
principal through non-functioning products or overpriced work (Heng Tze Yong v
Public Prosecutor [2017] 5 SLR 976 at [27]–[28]).

113 As for the benefit to the giver of gratification, I agreed with the DJ and
the Prosecution that Koh derived substantial benefit. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

RSS at paras 11 and 14; GD at [259] (ROP at p 2757).

Koh was privy to confidential information, and PPT was exempted from
requirements that other TCPs were excluded for failing to meet. Such a level
of access is a real indicator of benefit (Wong Chee Meng at [65]). I also
found that the DJ did not err in concluding that Koh had a beneficial interest
in other companies which derived business from PPT’s relationship with BP. 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

GD at [155] and [259] (ROP at pp 2708 and 2757).

114 I also agreed with the Prosecution that potential TCPs suffered detriment.
180

##### Foot Note 180

×

RSS at para 17.

The evidence showed that Chang allocated contracts with good pricing and
overlooked certain requirements in favour of PPT. Whilst not all of these
third parties were specifically identified, 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

KWSS at para 28.

this was not a barrier to the court taking into account this factor in
assessing the detriment caused. Such detriment can be gleaned from Chang
having asked Chua to “pass over all the term with good pricing to pp first”.
182

##### Foot Note 182

×

AB1 at 1-59 (ROP at p 4242).

115 I agreed with the DJ that the involvement of a strategic industry was a
valid consideration. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

GD at [260] (ROP at pp 2757–2758).

The involvement of a strategic industry may be relevant if the offences in
question are “of a sort that have the effect of … generating a sense of unease
in the general public” (Wong Chee Meng at [67]). The present offences were of
the sort that had the potential to undermine public confidence in the
development and integrity of the bunkering industry.

Identifying the level of culpability

116 In assessing the culpability of the appellants, I had regard to the amount
of gratification given or received. As a general rule, the greater the quantum
of gratification, the more the agent had viewed his position as nothing but a
mere conduit for personal gain, and the more blatantly he had disregarded his
duty of loyalty to his principal out of greed for personal monetary gain (Goh
Ngak Eng at [88(b)]). The quantum of gratification also reflects the level of
influence or advantage the giver wishes to secure through the bribe (Public
Prosecutor v Ang Seng Thor [2011] 4 SLR at [47]). The gratification given in
the present case was significant.

117 There was also a significant amount of premeditation. The communications
between the appellants and the setting up of PPT showed that a long time was
spent conceiving the scheme. That said, beyond the use of the Hong Kong bank
account, 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

GD at [262] (ROP at pp 2758–2759).

the rest of the scheme was not particularly layered.

118 The duration of offending was also sustained. The scheme perpetrated by
the appellants lasted over four years.

119 Further, Chang’s abuse of position and breach of trust was significant. I
disagreed with Chang that less weight should be accorded to this factor as he
was not involved in the transactions and had delegated authority to his
subordinates. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

CWSS at para 112.

This ignored the messages he sent personally to Koh to transmit confidential
information, and the influence he had over the selection of the range of TCPs
that BP relied on. Koh was aware of Chang’s position and specifically sought
to leverage Chang’s breach of duty, and this factor should thus apply to him
as well.

120 Finally, I noted that Chang and Koh were motivated by greed. I disagreed
that Koh’s motive was more benign than Chang’s. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

KWSS at paras 42–44.

There was no evidence that Koh gave Chang gratification because of compulsion
from Chang (Chua Tiong Tiong v Public Prosecutor [2001] 2 SLR(R) 515 at [21]).
The long period of planning that took place before any such payments were made
also showed that the arrangement was predetermined and considered by both
parties.

Identifying the applicable indicative sentencing range

121 Taking into account the above factors, I assessed the culpability of the
appellants at the lower level of high, and the level of harm at the lower
level of moderate. This provided an applicable sentencing range for an
offender claiming trial of two to three years’ imprisonment.

Identifying the appropriate starting point within the indicative sentencing
range

122 Within this applicable sentencing range, I considered that the appropriate
starting point should fall within the lower end of that range. The sentences
for the charges should start from a period of 24 months for the charges
involving the lowest amount of gratification and rise to 32 months’
imprisonment for the charges involving the highest amount of gratification of
US$350,000.

Making adjustments to the starting point to account for offender-specific
factors

123 Two offender-specific factors were highlighted by the appellants in
assessing the starting point within the applicable sentencing range. First,
both appellants were untraced and had not reoffended since investigations
began. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

CWSS at paras 163–165; KWSS at para 39.

This was a neutral factor (BPH v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2019] 2
SLR 764 at [85]). Second, a significant amount of time had passed since the
offences occurred due to investigations and the court process. Some aspects of
this delay stemmed from acts on the appellants’ part. In particular, their use
of an overseas bank account complicated the investigation process and required
foreign mutual legal assistance. However, I accepted that other aspects were
not attributable to the appellants. The appellants were charged six years
after investigations commenced, with a further year passing before their trial
commenced. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

KWSS at para 43.

While the Prosecution or investigative agencies were not to blame, this delay
was significant. By the time of the hearing on the appeal against sentence,
the appellants faced the prospect of criminal proceedings, with the
accompanying uncertainty, for over 11 years. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

CWSS at para 129.

I accorded some weight to this factor in the sentencing calculus (see Ang Peng
Tiam v Singapore Medical Council [2017] 5 SLR 356).

Making further adjustments to take into account the totality principle

124 I deal with the totality principle at [130] after determining the
appropriate sentence for the charge under s 5 of the PCA as well as the global
sentence.

The s 5 PCA charges

125 Turning to the 19th charges under s 5 of the PCA, I considered that parity
with the other charges under s 6 of the PCA should be the predominant concern.

126 After all, the 19th charges formed part of the same corrupt scheme subject
of the other charges. Where two cases consisting of the same facts are brought
under ss 5 and 6 of the PCA respectively, they should generally be viewed with
equal severity, and the correct approach in sentencing would be to focus on
the specific facts giving rise to the corrupt act (see Song Meng Choon Andrew
v Public Prosecutor [2015] 4 SLR 1090 and Public Prosecutor v Tan Kok Ming
Michael and other appeals [2019] 5 SLR 926 (“Michael Tan”)). Indeed, the
gratification subject of these charges was similarly tied to actions that
Chang carried out whilst he was employed by BP. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

GD at [271] (ROP at p 2763).

The global sentence

127 I rejected the appellants’ submission that it would be inappropriate to
have more than three sentences run consecutively as the charges involved a
single invasion of the same legally protected interest. 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

CWSS at para 172; KWS at para 58.

The offences were disparate in time. Even if they were not, I would have
considered it necessary to impose more than three consecutive sentences to
reflect the significant culpability of the appellants (Mohamed Shouffee bin
Adam v PP [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”) at [81(b)]).

128 As to which of the sentences should run consecutively, I considered that
these ought to reflect the overall nature of the appellants’ offending. I
therefore departed from the DJ’s decision to run the sentences involving the
lowest quantum of gratification consecutively, and instead ordered the second,
eighth, twelfth, and eighteenth charges to run consecutively.

129 Having considered all the factors, I imposed the following sentences:

No.| KohDAC No.| ChangDAC No.| Amount| Indicative Sentence| Adjusted Sentence  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| 927116-2017| 908841-2017| US$300,000| 29 months| 21 months  
2| 927117-2017| 908842-2017| US$350,000| 32 months| 23 months(consecutive)  
3| 927118-2017| 908843-2017| US$300,000| 29 months| 21 months  
4| 927119-2017| 908844-2017| US$100,000| 24 months| 16 months  
5| 927120-2017| 908845-2017| US$100,000| 24 months| 16 months  
6| 927121-2017| 908846-2017| US$350,000| 32 months| 23 months  
7| 927122-2017| 908847-2017| US$200,000| 27 months| 19 months  
8| 927123-2017| 908848-2017| US$200,000| 27 months| 19 months (consecutive)  
9| 927124-2017| 908849-2017| US$200,000| 27 months| 19 months  
10| 927125-2017| 908850-2017| US$150,000| 26 months| 18 months  
11| 927126-2017| 908851-2017| US$200,000| 27 months| 19 months  
12| 927127-2017| 908852-2017| US$200,000| 27 months| 19 months (consecutive)  
13| 927128-2017| 908853-2017| US$200,000| 27 months| 19 months  
14| 927129-2017| 908854-2017| US$200,000| 27 months| 19 months  
15| 927130-2017| 908855-2017| US$150,000| 26 months| 18 months  
16| 927131-2017| 908856-2017| US$100,000| 24 months| 16 months  
17| 927132-2017| 908857-2017| US$300,000| 29 months| 21 months  
18| 927133-2017| 908858-2017| US$200,000| 27 months| 19 months(consecutive)  
19| 927134-2017| 908859-2017| US$150,000| 24 months| 16 months  
  
130 I was of the view that running four charges consecutively did not violate
the totality principle. The aggregate sentence for each appellant was
therefore 80 months’ imprisonment.

The penalty order and in-default sentence

131 The revised quantum of the penalty order to be imposed on Chang following
the appellants’ acquittals on the 20th charges was undisputed and stood at
$5,877,595.

132 The Prosecution submitted that the DJ had followed the erroneous practice
of imposing a single penalty for the total amount of bribes received. 192

##### Foot Note 192

×

RSS at para 44(b).

It argued that the wording of s 13(1) of the PCA required the court to impose
a penalty order in respect of each of the 19 charges that Chang was convicted
on, and sought a total in-default imprisonment term of 400 weeks (subject to
the statutory maximum sentence outlined in s 319(1)(e) of the Criminal
Procedure Code 2010 (2020 Rev Ed) (“CPC 2010”)). 193

##### Foot Note 193

×

RSS at para 45.

133 The Prosecution’s position was based on the plain wording of the provision
which states that a penalty shall be ordered by the court where it convicts
any person of “an offence” where there has been acceptance of any
gratification in contravention of any provision of the PCA (“PCA Offence”).
194

##### Foot Note 194

×

RSS at para 98.

In the Prosecution’s view, the courts had been fettering their discretion by
imposing a single global penalty order, as regardless of the number of charges
for a PCA Offence that an offender faced, s 319(1)(d)(i) of the CPC 2010 would
limit the in-default imprisonment term of the penalty order to half the
maximum term of imprisonment for a single charge under ss 5 or 6 of the PCA
(ie, 30 months’ imprisonment). 195

##### Foot Note 195

×

RSS at para 100.

Further, imposing in-default sentences on a per-charge basis would also be
consistent with the current practice relating to imposition of in-default
imprisonment for fines. 196

##### Foot Note 196

×

RSS at paras 101 and 102.

134 Chang submitted during the hearing that the wording of s 13(2) of the PCA
indicated that only a single global penalty order should be made regardless of
the number of charges for a PCA Offence that an offender faced. This was
because s 13(2) of the PCA makes reference to the increase operating on “the
penalty” mentioned in subsection (1) above.

135 These arguments engaged the issue of the proper interpretation of s 13(1)
of the PCA in relation to how penalty orders should be imposed. Specifically,
it was necessary to determine the following questions:

(a) First, does s 13(1) of the PCA require the court to impose a penalty order
in respect of each charge for a PCA Offence?

(b) Second, if the first question is answered in the negative, does s 13(1) of
the PCA limit the court to imposing a single global penalty order under that
provision?

The proper interpretation of s 13(1) of the PCA

136 I first set out s 13 of the PCA in full:

When penalty to be imposed in addition to other punishment

13.—(1) Where a court convicts any person of an offence committed by the
acceptance of any gratification in contravention of any provision of this Act,
then, if that gratification is a sum of money or if the value of that
gratification can be assessed, the court shall, in addition to imposing on
that person any other punishment, order him to pay as a penalty, within such
time as may be specified in the order, a sum which is equal to the amount of
that gratification or is, in the opinion of the court, the value of that
gratification, and any such penalty shall be recoverable as a fine.

(2) Where a person charged with 2 or more offences for the acceptance of
gratification in contravention of this Act is convicted of one or some of
those offences, and the other outstanding offences are taken into
consideration by the court under section 148 of the Criminal Procedure Code
2010 for the purpose of passing sentence, the court may increase the penalty
mentioned in subsection (1) by an amount not exceeding the total amount or
value of the gratification specified in the charges for the offences so taken
into consideration.

137 The purposive interpretation of a statutory provision involves three
steps, as set out by the Court of Appeal in Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General
[2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”) at [37]:

(a) First, ascertain the possible interpretations of the provision, having
regard not just to the text of the provision but also to the context of that
provision within the written law as a whole.

(b) Second, ascertain the legislative purpose or object of the statute.

(c) Third, compare the possible interpretations of the text against the
purposes or objects of the statute.

(1) The possible interpretations of the provision

138 I considered the following possible interpretations of s 13(1) of the PCA.

(a) First Interpretation: The first possible interpretation of s 13(1)
followed the Prosecution’s approach. Under this interpretation, the phrase
“[where] a court convicts any person of an offence [emphasis added]” would
refer to each charge for a PCA Offence. For each charge for a PCA Offence, the
court should impose a penalty order under s 13(1). Where an offender faces
more than one charge for a PCA Offence, s 13(1) calls for the court to impose
the number of penalty orders corresponding to the number of charges for PCA
offences.

(b) Second Interpretation: The second possible interpretation of s 13(1)
followed Chang’s approach. Under this interpretation, the phrase “[where] a
court convicts any person of an offence [emphasis added]” would refer to the
occasion of conviction of an offender where one or more of the charges
involved a PCA Offence. Where an offender was convicted of one or more charges
involving a PCA Offence, s 13(1) calls for the imposition of a single global
penalty order on the offender regardless of the number of charges.

(c) Third Interpretation: A third possible interpretation took the approach of
the Second Interpretation, save that s 13(1) does not limit the court to the
imposition of a single global penalty order.

139 The First Interpretation seems to have been adopted in the case of Wong
Loke Cheng v Public Prosecutor [2002] SGDC 230. There, individual penalty
orders were imposed in respect of multiple charges under s 6(a) of the PCA for
a total of nine penalty orders, with all nine in-default sentences running
consecutively for a total of 18 months’ and six weeks’ imprisonment. This
aspect of the District Judge’s decision was not disturbed on appeal (Wong Loke
Cheng v Public Prosecutor [2003] 1 SLR(R) 522). Save for this case, the Second
and Third Interpretations seem to be aligned with the approach consistently
adopted by the courts, with a global penalty order being imposed regardless of
the number of charges for PCA Offences (see for example Takaaki Masui and
another and other matters [2022] 1 SLR 1033 (“Masui”) and Wong Chee Meng).
Where an offender faces multiple charges involving PCA Offences but is
convicted on a subset of these charges on a separate occasion to the rest
(such as where a conviction on one charge is upheld on appeal but an acquittal
on another charge is reversed), this would involve imposing an additional
penalty order separate from the original penalty order imposed (see Tjong Mark
Edward v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2015] 3 SLR 375 at [91]).

140 I was satisfied that all three interpretations were prima facie possible
interpretations of s 13(1) for two reasons.

141 First, it is fundamentally ambiguous as to whether the phrase “where a
court convicts any person of an offence” refers to each individual charge on
which a person was convicted, or the occasion of conviction where a person
could be facing one or more charges. On one hand, the reference to “an
offence” supports the former view, as it suggests that penalty orders should
be imposed in respect of each charge. On the other hand, this could not be
taken to rule out the possibility that the phrase as a whole could refer to
the imposition of a penalty order on the occasion of a person’s conviction.
This latter view is supported by the court’s interpretation of similar phrases
in other criminal legislation dealing with alternative measures the court may
take in sentencing accused persons.

142 Similar wording to s 13(1) of the PCA is found in s 5 of the Probation of
Offenders Act 1951 (2020 Rev Ed) (“POA”):

Probation

5.—(1) Where a court by or before which a person is convicted of an offence
(not being an offence the sentence for which is fixed by law) is of the
opinion that having regard to the circumstances, including the nature of the
offence and the character of the offender, it is expedient to do so, the court
may, instead of sentencing him, make a probation order, that is to say, an
order requiring him to be under the supervision of a probation officer or a
volunteer probation officer for a period to be specified in the order of not
less than 6 months nor more than 3 years:

Provided that where a person is convicted of an offence for which a specified
minimum sentence or mandatory minimum sentence of imprisonment or fine or
caning is prescribed by law, the court may make a probation order if the
person —

…

[emphasis added]

143 Section 5 of the POA states that a probation order may be made by a court
where a person is convicted of “an offence”. However, in practice, even where
there are multiple charges for which probation would be ordered, a single
probation order is imposed upon conviction rather than multiple parallel
probation orders (see for example Praveen s/o Krishnan v Public Prosecutor
[2018] 3 SLR 1300 and Lim Pei Ni Charissa v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R)
31). This suggests that the phrase “where a person is convicted of an offence”
refers to the occasion of a person’s conviction, rather than the individual
charges on which they are convicted.

144 Similarly, s 305(1) of the CPC reads:

305.—(1) Where a person is convicted by a court of an offence punishable with
imprisonment and that person is, on the day of his or her conviction —

…

the court may impose a sentence of reformative training in lieu of any other
sentence if it is satisfied, having regard to his or her character, previous
conduct and the circumstances of the offence, that to reform him or her and to
prevent crime he or she should undergo a period of training in a reformative
training centre.

[emphasis added]

145 Again, the usual practice of the courts is to order a single sentence of
reformative training, even where an offender is convicted of multiple offences
(see for example Public Prosecutor v ASR [2019] 1 SLR 941 and Public
Prosecutor v Koh Wen Jie Boaz [2016] 1 SLR 334).

146 Although the POA and CPC are different pieces of legislation that serve
different purposes to the PCA, the relevant sections above nevertheless share
the common denominator of dealing with the manner in which the court is
empowered to impose alternative (in the case of probation or reformative
training) or complementary (as in penalty orders) orders in the similar
context of criminal sentencing and procedure. Given this similar context, the
court should strive to avoid adopting a construction of the provision which
involves accepting that on this point the law is not coherent and self-
consistent (Diggory Bailey & Luke Norbury, Bennion on Statutory Interpretation
(LexisNexis, 7th Ed, 2017) (“Bennion”) at p 707).

147 Second, there is no indication on the face of s 13, or the PCA as whole,
to the effect that the court may only make a single penalty order. Although
there is a reference to the singular “penalty” in the title of s 13, as well
as in the wording of s 13(2), this could not be read as excluding the
possibility of multiple penalty orders under s 13(1) per the First and Third
Interpretations.

148 Pertinently, s 2 of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2022 Rev Ed) provides
that words in the singular include the plural. Such a rule of statutory
construction could aid the determination of the ordinary meaning of the words
of the legislative provision (Tan Cheng Bock at [38]). I saw no reason why
this rule should not apply in the present case. There is no indication of any
contrary intention appearing either in the express language of the provision
or the broader factual context in which the statute was enacted (Leeds Group
plc v Leeds City Council [2010] EWCA Civ 1438 at [20] and [27]). As put by
Lord Morris of Borth-y-Gest in Blue Metal Industries Ltd v Dilley (R W) [1970]
AC 827 (“Blue Metal”), in relation to the equivalently worded s 21 of the
Interpretation Act 1899 (New South Wales), the mere fact that the reading of
words in a section suggests an emphasis on singularity as opposed to plurality
is not enough to exclude plurality.

149 There is also no indication that extending the interpretation of “the
penalty” to the plural would change the character of the legislation, such
that it would “presuppose a different legislative policy” (Blue Metal at 846).
On the facts of Blue Metal, the Privy Council found that a reference to the
transfer of shares to another company under s 185 of the New South Wales
Companies Act 1961 did not encompass a transfer of shares to multiple
companies, as the latter was not merely the plural of acquisition by a single
company, such that it was “quite a different kind of acquisition with
different consequences”. Conversely in this case, imposing multiple penalty
orders would not change the character of those penalty orders or the nature of
the disgorgement that was sought.

(2) The legislative purpose of s 13(1) of the PCA

150 As the Court of Appeal found in Masui, the purpose of s 13(1) of the PCA
is to prevent corrupt recipients from retaining their ill-gotten gains (at
[116]). In particular, s 13(1) of the PCA serves this purpose by playing a
disgorgement function (at [91]–[93]). Steven Chong JCA identified three
reasons why the text of s 13(1) indicated as much. First, s 13(1) only targets
the recipient and not the giver in a corrupt transaction. Second, s 13(1) only
applies where the recipient has actually accepted or obtained gratification,
in contrast with an offence under s 6(a) of the PCA. Third, even though s
13(1) provides that the penalty order is recoverable as a fine, it is not
framed as a fine and does not provide that an offender who unlawfully accepts
any gratification shall be liable to pay a fine equivalent to the amount of
that gratification.

151 There are two additional points that should be noted about the purpose of
s 13(1) of the PCA in ensuring disgorgement of ill-gotten gains.

152 First, s 13 of the PCA serves a deterrent function. As noted by the Court
of Appeal in Masui at [96], by reason of this provision, potential offenders
know that they will not be able to retain their corrupt gains if they are
caught.

153 Second, the legislative purpose of disgorgement is disgorgement of the
global amount an offender has received as profit. This is indicated by the
presence of s 13(2), which specifically makes provision for disgorgement of
gratification accepted in PCA Offences for which charges have been taken into
consideration. This purpose as gleaned from the statutory context is supported
by extraneous material. As observed by the Minister for Home Affairs during
the second reading of the Prevention of Corruption Bill (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report) (13 February 1960) vol 12 at col 380,
the focus of disgorgement is the total amount taken by the offender as a
bribe. I expand on the significance of this below.

(3) Comparing possible interpretations of the text against the purposes or
objects of the statute

154 I found that the legislative intention behind s 13(1) of the PCA supported
the Third Interpretation over the First and Second Interpretations.

(A) The Second and Third interpretations should be favoured over the First
Interpretation

155 I considered that the First Interpretation would result in a variance of
sentencing outcomes contrary to the legislative intent of s 13(1) of the PCA.
As highlighted at [153] above, the legislative purpose of disgorgement is
targeted at disgorgement of the global amount an offender has received as
profit. However, under the First Interpretation, two offenders facing charges
involving the same global amount of gratification received could face widely
differing durations of in-default sentences.

156 Let me elaborate. Where there are multiple charges for accepting
gratification under the PCA, and individual penalty orders are imposed in
respect of each charge, the in-default imprisonment sentence for each penalty
order would be subject to s 319(1)(b)(v) of the CPC 2010, which mandates that
all the in-default imprisonment sentences run consecutively with each other.
However, upon my examination of more than 50 reported cases with information
on the duration of in-default sentences imposed for penalty orders under the
PCA, I found that the duration of the in-default term did not seem to scale
proportionately with the quantum of the penalty order. Instead, the
relationship between duration and quantum appeared to be a logarithmic one,
with the duration of imprisonment increasing at a lower and lower rate
relative to increases in quantum as the amount of the penalty order increased,
tending towards an asymptote of 30 months’ imprisonment, which is the maximum
allowable pursuant to s 319(1)(d)(i) of the CPC 2010 (see also Tan Yan Qi
Chelsea v Public Prosecutor [2022] SGHC 275 (“Chelsea Tan”) at [52] in the
context of in-default sentences more generally). By way of anecdotal
illustration, two weeks’ in-default imprisonment was imposed for a penalty
order of $4,100.00 in Public Prosecutor v Yap Sze Kam [2017] SGDC 89, one
month’s in-default imprisonment was imposed for a penalty order of $23,398.09
in Wong Chee Meng, and 11 months’ in-default imprisonment was imposed for a
penalty order of $904,716.50 in Masui.

157 Due to the non-linear relationship between the duration of in-default
sentences and the quantum of penalty orders, it would be likely that the same
global penalty amount would attract a very different aggregate in-default
sentence if imposed as a single penalty order rather than multiple smaller
penalty orders, which in turn would be entirely dependent on the framing of
charges against the offender. This variance is at odds with the legislative
intent of s 13(1) of the PCA. The number of charges brought against an
offender in the process of proving the total amount of gratification ought to
be irrelevant to the determination of the overall in-default sentence.

158 I should make it clear that the above analysis is not to say that the
calibration of an in-default sentence should be done with reference to a
precise mathematical ratio. However, where trends present themselves in the
aggregated application of sentencing practices, the court should be alive to
the real-world effect that such trends would have on consistency in the
administration of justice.

159 Conversely, the Second and Third Interpretations better accorded with the
purpose of s 13(1). Imposing penalty orders on the occasion of conviction
would allow the court to take a holistic approach in determining the in-
default sentence for those penalty orders based on the global amount of profit
received, rather than the arbitrary division of that quantum based on how the
charges against the offender were framed.

(B) The Third Interpretation should be favoured over the Second Interpretation

160 I then compared the two remaining interpretations to the purpose of the
statute. In this regard, I found that the Third Interpretation better accorded
with the legislative intention of s 13(1) than the Second Interpretation.

161 Placing a limit on the number of penalty orders that a court could impose
under s 13(1) of the PCA would limit its effectiveness in furthering the
legislative purpose of enforcing disgorgement of ill-gotten gains. As
canvassed above at [152], the disgorgement function served by s 13(1) of the
PCA contributes to the overarching purpose of creating an additional deterrent
to offending under the PCA. The presence of this deterrent effect is
contingent on the threat of disgorgement being effective. In the context of s
13(1) of the PCA, the main disincentive for convicted offenders not to default
on a penalty order is through the imposition of an in-default sentence (Ho
Sheng Yu Garreth v Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 375 (“Garreth Ho”) at
[127]). I thus considered that in order for s 13(1) of the PCA to function as
an effective deterrent to prevent corrupt recipients from retaining their ill-
gotten gains, any in-default sentence imposed should be of sufficient length
to prevent the risk-reward calculus of an offender from being skewed towards
defaulting on payment (Koh Jaw Hung v Public Prosecutor [2019] 3 SLR 516 at
[61]).

162 I was also cognisant that such in-default sentences imposed for penalty
orders under s 13(1) of the PCA are, by virtue of being recoverable as a fine,
subject to a limit of 30 months’ imprisonment pursuant to s 319(1)(d)(i) of
the CPC 2010. Were only a single penalty order imposable on the occasion of
each conviction, this would be the effective maximum in-default term that the
court could impose for any penalty order. I found it difficult to accept that
Parliament would have, in seeking to effectively incentivise disgorgement of
gratification, intended to impose such a limit on the potential in-default
imprisonment sentence for a penalty order, no matter the quantum of
gratification received by an offender. With a 30-month limit on the default
imprisonment term, the marginal effectiveness of the deterrent function played
by an in-default sentence would diminish significantly as the quantum of
gratification approached millions of dollars. This would hamstring the ability
of the State to recover illicit profits from the very offenders from whom
disgorgement would be the most necessary. I thus found that the Third
Interpretation was more consistent with the purpose of s 13(1) to ensure
effective deterrence of offending through disgorging potential profit from PCA
Offences.

163 For the above reasons, I found that the Third Interpretation was the one
most consistent with the purpose of s 13(1). Accordingly, I rejected the
Prosecution’s proposed interpretation that penalty orders under s 13(1) should
be imposed in respect of each charge for a PCA Offence and found that s 13(1)
did not limit the court to imposing a single global penalty order upon the
occasion of an offender’s conviction for one or more PCA Offences.

The approach to calibrating penalty orders and in-default sentences

164 Having found that the proper interpretation of s 13(1) of the PCA does not
oblige the court to order only a single penalty order on the occasion of an
offender’s conviction where at least one charge involved a PCA Offence, I then
turned to the issue of how to approach the calibration of the penalty order(s)
and the in-default sentence(s).

165 To begin with, I was cognisant that there were good reasons for the
determination of in-default sentences for penalty orders to differ from how
in-default sentences were calibrated for fines administered for other criminal
offences. Although in both situations an in-default sentence is used as a
disincentive for an offender who may default on payment of money to the court,
the context behind the imposition of fines and their accompanying in-default
sentences is quite different from that of penalty orders and their in-default
sentences.

(a) First, the considerations in quantifying a fine are different from the
considerations in quantifying a penalty order. Fines can potentially be far in
excess of what offenders are able to pay since they are subject to mandatory
minimums, past precedents, and other legislative constraints. Many factors
might also be relevant in assessing the quantum of a fine beyond the profit
arising from an offence, such as the value of the subject matter of the
offence, the amount of injury done, the financial position of the offender, an
offender’s previous convictions, and the prevalence of the particular type of
crime committed (see Kow Keng Siong, Sentencing Principles in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2019) at paras 26.013–26.018). This means that a
fine may often not be proportionate to the financial gain of an offender.
Conversely, penalty orders are calibrated solely according to the amount of
gratification that offenders in fact receive and are thus meant to be exactly
proportionate to an offender’s financial gain. There is much less potential
for offenders to be prejudiced.

(b) Second, the current law on penalty orders further minimises the chance of
prejudice to offenders. Post Masui, penalty orders can be appropriately
calibrated where offenders: (a) have their gratification seized by the
authorities or have voluntarily disgorged their gratification (Masui at [118]
and [122]); (b) receive loans rather than gifts of money (Public Prosecutor v
Marzuki bin Ahmad [2014] 4 SLR 623 at [82]); or (c) never actually receive
gratification but merely attempt to do so (Tan Kwang Joo v Public Prosecutor
[1989] 1 SLR(R) 457 at [5]). All of this points towards penalty orders only
being imposed where offenders have actually received gratification and have
continued to retain the benefit of it. There is thus much less concern that a
lengthy in-default period will become a “disguise” or “cloak” for substantial
additional terms of imprisonment (Garreth Ho at [128]) because of an
offender’s inability to pay.

(c) Third, penalty orders are conceptually distinct from fines in terms of the
function they serve in sentencing. While fines often serve both punitive and
disgorgement functions (see for example Public Prosecutor v Su Jiqing Joel
[2021] 3 SLR 1232), penalty orders are exclusively meant to disgorge an
offender’s profit. The corollary of this is that while fines are part of the
punitive burden that the court should consider when sentencing an offender,
penalty orders should not be so considered, absent any evidence that an
offender cannot pay the quantum of the penalty order.

166 Given my conclusions above, I was cognisant that any approach should focus
on ensuring effective disgorgement of an offender’s gratification, and in so
doing deter them from offending. The effectiveness of this disgorgement rested
almost entirely on the calibration of the in-default imprisonment sentence. In
calibrating this in-default sentence, the primary inquiry should thus focus on
the necessary duration in order to incentivise disgorgement of profit by that
specific offender. Where an offender has not adduced evidence of his or her
inability to pay the penalty order, as in the present case, the calculation of
this in-default sentence should not be seen as adding to an offender’s
punitive burden. There is also much less reason for concern that an in-default
imprisonment term imposed for a penalty order would cause prejudice to an
offender in the same way that it might to a recipient of a fine.

167 I now set out the framework I employed in calibrating the number of
penalty orders and their respective in-default sentences, bearing the above
and the exceptional quantum of gratification in the present case in mind.

168 The court should begin by looking at the total amount of gratification
accepted by an offender, or the total value of the gratification accepted by
an offender as judged by the court, depending on the way in which the penalty
order was quantified. This is because the imposition of a penalty order is
concerned with the total amount of benefit obtained by the offender, rather
than the arbitrary division of that benefit between the various charges
against an offender (see [153] above).

169 Next, the court should consider the duration of in-default imprisonment
necessary to deter an offender from evading payment of the total penalty. This
is a fact-specific exercise rather than a mathematical calculation (Chelsea
Tan at [26]), although the quantum of the penalty order will prima facie be a
significant indicator of the level of deterrence necessary. In considering the
necessary duration of imprisonment, the court should not be constrained by the
maximum in-default sentence under s 319(d)(i) of the CPC 2010.

170 If the duration of in-default imprisonment the court considers necessary
exceeds 30 months’ imprisonment, the court should consider imposing more than
one penalty order, with the in-default sentences for the penalty orders
running consecutively by virtue of s 319(1)(b)(v) of the CPC 2010, for the
total duration of imprisonment that the court considers just. The duration of
the in-default sentence for each of the penalty orders should be adjusted
proportionately based on the value of the gratification for each charge that
they relate to. I consider that in all but the most egregious cases it is
unlikely that more than one penalty order will be necessary.

171 Finally, the court should take a last look at the aggregate sentence to
ensure that the default imprisonment term, in addition to any other term of
imprisonment that the accused faces, is not crushing overall (Chia Kah Boon v
PP [1999] 2 SLR(R) 1163 at [20]). However, the application of the totality
principle in the context of in-default sentences for penalty orders should be
on a much less intrusive basis compared to where in-default sentences are
imposed for fines, for the reasons outlined at [165].

Application to the present case

172 I now outline how I applied this framework to the present case.

173 Evaluating the appropriate in-default sentence started by looking at the
total amount of gratification. This was significant, amounting to $5,877,595.
There was thus good reason to believe that a maximum in-default imprisonment
period of 30 months would be insufficient in the present case, as it would
lead to the risk-reward calculus for Chang defaulting on the penalty order
being imbalanced. As the Prosecution observed in its submissions on the in-
default sentence below, taking Chang’s last known gross monthly salary of
$28,000, it would take him roughly 17 years to earn the penalty amount (as
determined by the DJ below) of $6,220,095. 197

##### Foot Note 197

×

Prosecution’s Supplemental Submissions on s 319 CPC Orders dated 19 October
2020 at para 17.

174 Meanwhile, Chang argued, in support of the fact that there was no real
risk that he would default on the penalty order, that there was no correlation
between the time taken for an offender to earn the penalty sum and whether he
would elect to serve out the default imprisonment term, adding that “it is not
for the Prosecution to arbitrarily place a value on one’s life and liberty”.
198

##### Foot Note 198

×

CWSS at para 189.

Chang also sought to rely on the case of Tay Wee Kiat v Public Prosecutor
[2019] 5 SLR 1033 (“Tay Wee Kiat”) at [6], where the High Court stated that in
most cases, offenders with sufficient means are likely to pay orders of
compensation to avoid serving the default term. 199

##### Foot Note 199

×

CWSS at para 190.

175 I disagreed with this submission. Given that an in-default sentence is
intended to incentivise payment of a penalty order, it would be apropos for
the court to consider the extent of an offender’s incentive to default on
payment, given the specific facts of each case. One of the factors that would
be relevant in assessing an offender’s incentive would be the size of the
penalty order. In so far as value was being “arbitrarily” placed on an
offender’s “life and liberty”, this was a value that would be assessed by the
offender himself when choosing whether to comply with a penalty order or face
an in-default imprisonment term. There was no evidence that Chang had no means
to fulfil the penalty order, and he made no submission to that effect. There
was therefore no possibility that Chang, out of impecuniosity, would have no
choice but to serve the default term. Given that Chang continued to retain
possession of his ill-gotten gains, and thus retained the choice of whether to
comply with the penalty order, the court’s concern was merely with calibrating
the terms of the default imprisonment term to ensure that he had sufficient
incentive to disgorge his gratification.

176 Looking at the relative size of the quantum payable in both cases, it was
also clear that Chang’s reliance on the High Court’s remarks in Tay Wee Kiat
was misplaced. Tay Wee Kiat involved compensation orders of $5,900 and $1,900
(see Tay Wee Kiat and another v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2018] 5
SLR 438 at [22]). In context, the High Court’s obiter dicta on the likelihood
of offenders to default on payment were limited to compensation orders, which
it acknowledged were often “fairly modest”. I thus did not consider Tay Wee
Kiat to be relevant in informing an assessment of Chang’s likelihood of making
payment of a penalty sum that was almost a thousand times larger than the
compensation orders in that case.

177 Yet another reason why the remarks in Tay Wee Kiat should be distinguished
was the nature of the offences in that case. The compensation orders in Tay
Wee Kiat were imposed upon conviction of the accused persons for maid abuse
offences under s 323 read with s 73(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Ed).
There was no particular reason to assume that retention of the compensation
sum would be of specific importance to the accused persons, and this issue was
not canvassed in the proceedings of that case. Conversely, the subject of the
penalty order represented ill-gotten gratification that Chang had arranged to
receive. The nature of his offence was prima facie suggestive that he was
motivated by greed and that he was willing to commit criminal offences for
personal financial gain.

178 Taking into account the circumstances of the case as well as the quantum
of the penalty order, I considered an in-default term of 70 months to be
appropriate in light of the high amount of the gratification. As this exceeded
the maximum in-default sentence imposable under a single penalty order, I
imposed three separate penalty orders. The first penalty order was in respect
of the gratification received under the first to fifth charges, for a total of
$1,796,090. The second penalty order was in respect of the gratification
received under the sixth to 11th charges, for a total of $1,905,520. The third
penalty order was in respect of the gratification received under the 12th to
19th charges, for a total of $2,175,985.

179 I adjusted the in-default sentence for the three penalty orders
proportionately based on the relative amount of gratification. I thus imposed
an in-default sentence of 651 days’ imprisonment for the first penalty order,
an in-default sentence of 690 days’ imprisonment for the second penalty order,
and an in-default sentence of 788 days’ imprisonment for the third penalty
order.

180 I calculated this adjustment as follows. I first converted the period of
70 months’ in-default imprisonment to be counted into days which yielded a
total of 2129 days (70 multiplied by 365 divided by 12, rounded to the nearest
integer). For each penalty order, I then multiplied this total by a fraction
where the numerator was the amount of the penalty order, and the denominator
was the total amount of gratification received. For example, for the first
penalty order, the duration of the in-default imprisonment was 651 days (2129
multiplied by 1,796,090 divided by 5,877,595, rounded to the nearest integer).
Applying this to the second and third penalty orders yielded in-default
sentences of 690 and 788 days respectively.

181 As a brief comment, I note that this approach is not meant to suggest that
the total duration of in-default sentences should be decided by a wholly
mathematical model. Instead, it is intended to ensure that where the court has
already decided on an appropriate global term based on the facts of the
individual case, the ratio of the duration of the in-default imprisonment term
to the quantum of the penalty order should remain consistent across multiple
penalty orders (for example, where a person is subject to two penalty orders
for $10,000 and $20,000, the in-default term of the former should be half that
of the latter). This ensures that persons subject to multiple penalty orders
of differing amounts, but who end up only paying some of them, would receive a
proportionate reduction of their total in-default sentence regardless of which
penalty order they pay.

182 All the in-default sentences were to run consecutively for a total of 2129
days’ imprisonment by virtue of s 319(1)(b)(v) of the CPC 2010. I was
satisfied that the total imprisonment term in addition to the default
imprisonment term was in accordance with s 306(4) of the CPC 2010 and was not
crushing overall on the circumstances of the case, taking into account my
conclusions at [165(c)].

The attachment order

183 In light of the increased in-default sentences for the penalty orders, I
did not consider it necessary to rule on the Prosecution’s application for an
attachment order. Following the revised in-default sentences, I considered
that there are sufficient measures in place to incentivise payment of the
penalty orders. Further, this case involved property held jointly with non-
parties to the case which thereby raised particularly difficult questions of
prejudice to third parties arising from attachment.

Conclusion

184 To conclude, I upheld the DJ’s decision to convict Koh and Chang on the
first 19 charges proffered against each of the appellants (DAC-927116-2017 to
DAC-927134-2017 in respect of Koh and DAC-908841-2017 to DAC-908859-2017 in
respect of Chang) and dismissed their respective appeals.

185 I allowed the appellants’ appeals against their convictions in relation to
the 20th charges proffered against each of them, namely DAC-927135-2017 (Koh)
and DAC-908860-2017 (Chang).

186 In relation to sentence, I dismissed the appellants’ appeals against their
respective sentences. I allowed the appeal by the Prosecution in respect of
both sentences and set aside the sentences of 54 months’ imprisonment imposed
by the District Judge for Koh and Chang. I imposed a sentence of 80 months’
imprisonment for each appellant. I further ordered that three penalty orders
under s 13(1) of the PCA be imposed on Chang for the amounts of $1,796,090
$1,905,520, and $2,175,985, with a total in-default imprisonment term of 2129
days’ imprisonment.

Vincent Hoong  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Ho Pei Shien Melanie, Tang Shangwei (Zheng Shangwei), Dorcas Ong Gee Ping and
Goh Sher Hwyn Rebecca (Wong Partnership LLP) for the first appellant;

Lee Eng Beng SC, Thong Chee Kun, Oon Guohao Jonathan and Josephine Chee (Rajah
& Tann LLP) for the second appellant;

Jiang Ke-Yue, David Menon and Ong Xin Jie

(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Aug 2023 (10:35 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

