Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 12

Probate No 112 of 2022  
Caveat No CAVP 11/2022 (and Summons No 123 of 2022)

In the Matter of an Application by WKQ and another matter

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Probate and Administration — Grant of letters of administration — Power of
court to reseal foreign grant of letters of administration]

[Probate and Administration — Grant of letters of administration — Effect of
reseal of foreign grant on caveats]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
In the matter of an application by

  

  

WKQ and another matter

[2023] SGHCF 12

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Probate No 112 of 2022,
Caveat No CAVP 11/2022 (and Summons No 123 of 2022)  
Andre Maniam J  
18 October, 24 November 2022

8 March 2023

Andre Maniam J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns the administration of the estate of a man who passed away
intestate on 10 January 2021. The applicant, Mdm “WKQ”, obtained a grant of
letters of administration from the Vanuatu court 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Foreign grant filed in HCF/P 112/2022 on 1 March 2022.

(“the Vanuatu grant”), on the basis that she was the deceased’s wife. By way
of ex parte Originating Summons (Probate) HCF/P 112/2022 (the resealing
application), on 22 February 2022 she applied for the Vanuatu grant to be
resealed by the Singapore court.

2 On 29 March 2022, the deceased’s father Mr “WKR” (the caveator) filed a
caveat – commencing caveat proceedings HCF/CAVP 11/2022 – asking that no grant
be sealed in the deceased’s estate without notice to the caveator. The caveat
further stated:

The Caveator is the Deceased’s father and a rightful beneficiary of the
Estate. The Caveator objects to application HCF/P 112/2022 to reseal the grant
of probate from Vanuatu on the grounds it was not lawfully obtained and the
Applicant is not a lawful beneficiary.

3 On 27 April 2022, the caveator then made a stay application, by way of
HCF/SUM 123/2022 in HCF/CAVP 11/2022, for an order “[t]hat the application
HCF/P 112/2022 to reseal the grant of probate from Vanuatu be stayed until the
proceedings contesting the grant in Vanuatu are concluded”, on the ground that
“the Caveator is contesting the grant of probate in both Vanuatu and the
resealing in Singapore.”

4 I heard the stay application on 18 October 2022 and 24 November 2022 (the
“November hearing”). By the time of the November hearing, the proceedings
contesting the Vanuatu grant had been concluded against the caveator. As the
stay sought was just “until the proceedings contesting the grant in Vanuatu
are concluded”, I dismissed the caveator’s stay application.

5 There being no stay, or pending stay application, the applicant invited me
to deal with the resealing application; I did so and ordered that the Vanuatu
grant be resealed.

6 The caveator filed appeal AD/CA 107/2022 in respect of the caveat
proceedings HCF/CAVP 11/2022, and appeal AD/CA 108/2022 in respect of the
resealing application HCF/P 112/2022. These are my grounds of decision.

What is the caveator appealing against?

7 AD/CA 108/2022 is the caveator’s appeal against my order that the Vanuatu
grant be resealed.

8 It was, however, not clear what the caveator was appealing against by AD/CA
107/2022 in relation to the caveat proceedings. The notice of appeal states
that the appeal is against the whole of my decision in HCF/CAVP 11/2022 given
on 24 November 2022. What I decided in those proceedings that day, was that
the caveator’s stay application be dismissed with costs.

9 At a case management conference on 14 December 2022, the assistant registrar
asked the caveator’s counsel to clarify what AD/CA 107/2022 was about. The
caveator’s counsel stated that the caveator was not appealing against the
dismissal of the stay application, and would not seek to challenge my refusal
to grant the stay; rather, the caveator was appealing against an express order
that I had supposedly made for the removal of the caveat. However, I made no
such order, and the caveat remains on the record.

10 Be that as it may, in these grounds of decision I will address the reseal
of the foreign grant, the dismissal of the stay application, as well as the
status of the caveat.

The stay application

11 The applicant obtained the Vanuatu grant on 10 November 2021, in Vanuatu
Probate Case No. 3613 of 2021.

12 On 5 May 2022, the caveator filed Civil Case No. 832 of 2022 in Vanuatu to
quash the Vanuatu grant. That was after the caveator had filed his stay
application on 27 April 2022 in the caveat proceedings, seeking a stay of the
resealing proceedings until the proceedings contesting the Vanuatu grant were
concluded. When the stay application was filed, there were no proceedings
contesting the Vanuatu grant – those proceedings were commenced some eight
days later.

13 On 11 August 2022, Civil Case No. 832 of 2022 was struck-out for non-
compliance with the Vanuatu court’s orders in relation to service, and for
want of prosecution. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, pages 19–20.

Further, the Vanuatu court stated, “the Claim was misconceived as the decision
in Probate Case No. 21/3613 should instead be challenged by way of appeal.” 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, page 20.

14 At a case conference in the Singapore proceedings on 26 August 2022, the
court was informed of the striking-out of the Vanuatu proceedings. At a
further case conference on 5 September 2022, the caveator’s counsel informed
the court that there was an appeal in the Vanuatu proceedings. The caveator
then affirmed an affidavit on 16 September 2022 where he said (at para 33),
“My counsel in Vanuatu has since filed an appeal against the striking out”
[emphasis added]; the caveator also filed an affidavit from a Vanuatu lawyer,
affirmed on 19 September 2022, which stated in para 34: “An application has
been made to address the dismissal of Supreme Court Civil Case No. 832 of 2022
which would set aside the Supreme Court decision of Civil Probate Case No.
3163 of 2021.” 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Mr Daniel Kaukare Yawha (“Mr Yawha”) dated 19 September 2022,
para 34.

[emphasis added]

15 In fact, no such appeal or application had been made, as confirmed in the
further affidavit from the caveator’s Vanuatu lawyer affirmed on 12 October
2022, at para 4: “The Application to address the dismissal of the Supreme
Court Civil Case No. 832 of 2022 which would set aside the Supreme Court
decision of Civil Probate Case No. 3163 of 2021 was not filed as the presiding
Judge was on bereavement leave at the time of intended filing.” 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Mr Yawha’s affidavit dated 12 October 2022, para 4.

[emphasis added]

16 In that affidavit, the caveator’s Vanuatu lawyer said that an appeal had
been filed, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Mr Yawha’s affidavit dated 12 October 2022, paras 7 and 9.

exhibiting as “FDY1” a document dated 12 October 2022 (the same date the
affidavit was affirmed) captioned “Notice and Grounds of Appeal” for a Vanuatu
appeal. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mr Yawha’s affidavit dated 12 October 2022, exhibit “FDY-1”.

That document asked that the judgment in Civil Probate Case No. 3163 of 2021
be set aside, and that letters of administration be granted to the caveator
instead.

17 At the hearing of 18 October 2022, I admitted that 12 October 2022
affidavit from the caveator’s Vanuatu lawyer, allowed a reply affidavit from
the applicant’s Vanuatu lawyer to be filed, and adjourned the hearing.

18 It was only on 12 October 2022 that the caveator filed an application in
Vanuatu for leave to appeal out of time; however, that application was then
discontinued by the caveator on 26 November 2022. This was confirmed in the
applicant’s Vanuatu lawyer’s further affidavit affirmed on 27 October 2022. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Mr Mark Fleming’s affidavit dated 27 October 2022, paras 7–10.

He exhibited:

(a) A letter dated 24 October 2022 from the caveator’s Vanuatu lawyer stating
that the caveator’s application for leave to appeal out of time (filed on 12
October 2022) would be heard on 16 November 2022.

(b) A Notice of Discontinuance dated 26 October 2022 which was signed by the
caveator’s Vanuatu lawyer and filed with the Vanuatu court. Addressed to the
applicant, it stated (in relation to the caveator’s purported Vanuatu appeal),
“The Appellant have [sic] discontinued this proceeding against you.”

(c) The Vanuatu court’s handwritten notes dated 27 October 2022 stating that
“Applicant for leave to appeal has filed a notice of discontinuance…The
application for leave to appeal is marked as withdrawn. There was never any
appeal on foot so nothing to discontinue.” The court’s notes further record
that “[c]ounsel both attended and confirmed the information and orders set out
above.” (A copy of the Vanuatu court’s typed note was shown to me at the
hearing on 24 November 2022, and thereafter provided by correspondence on 17
December 2022.) The applicant’s Vanuatu lawyer elaborated in para 9 of his
affidavit that at that hearing on 27 October 2022, the caveator’s Vanuatu
lawyer “confirmed the matter is closed meaning they will not be seeking to
proceed further.”

19 With the discontinuance of the caveator’s application for leave to appeal
on 26 October 2022, as noted by the Vanuatu court on 27 October 2022, the
caveator’s attempts to challenge the Vanuatu grant came to an end.

20 The caveator had only sought to stay the applicant’s application for
resealing the Vanuatu grant “until the proceedings contesting the grant in
Vanuatu [were] concluded”. Those proceedings were concluded by the time of the
November hearing before me. Accordingly, I dismissed the stay application.

The resealing application

Applicable legislation

21 Section 47 of the Probate and Administration Act 1934 (“the Act”) empowers
the Singapore court to reseal letters of administration granted in certain
foreign jurisdictions including Vanuatu. When so resealed, the letters of
administration shall be of the like force and effect, and have the same
operation in Singapore, as if they were granted by the General Division of the
High Court to the person by whom or on whose behalf the application for
sealing was made (s 47(2) of the Act).

22 Section 47(4) of the Act provides that “If it appears that the deceased was
not, at the time of his death, domiciled within the jurisdiction of the court
from which the grant was issued, the seal shall not be affixed unless the
grant is such as the General Division of the High Court would have made.”

23 The caveator contended that: (a) the deceased was not domiciled in Vanuatu;
and (b) the Vanuatu grant was not one “such as the General Division of the
High Court would have made.” On the latter point, the caveator contended that
the applicant was not the deceased’s wife, and consequently not a beneficiary
of his estate – thus, the Vanuatu court should not have granted her letters of
administration, and the Singapore court should not reseal the Vanuatu grant.

The ex parte application for resealing the Vanuatu grant

24 With the dismissal of his stay application imminent, the caveator sought to
stay the resealing application further, on the basis that he had just filed an
application to intervene in the resealing application, and could raise further
matters for the court’s consideration relating to the deceased’s domicile –
that intervention application was accepted as HCF/SUM 366/2022 filed on 29
November 2022. The caveator contended that the court should only proceed to
deal with the resealing application if his intervention were not allowed. In
effect, he was asking that the resealing application be stayed until the
intervention application was dealt with.

25 It would have been incongruous to stay the resealing application on account
of an intervention application having been filed, when I had just dismissed
the caveator’s stay application (for a stay until the conclusion of the
proceedings challenging the Vanuatu grant). Moreover, by the time of the
November hearing, the applicant’s resealing application (made ex parte on 22
February 2022) had already been pending for more than nine months.

26 The caveator offered no explanation why he did not seek to intervene in the
resealing application, at an earlier stage. Further, the assistant registrar
had at a pre-trial conference (“PTC”) on 5 September 2022 observed that the
stay application was for a “stay until proceedings contesting the grant in
Vanuatu are concluded” and that the summons “is phrased in such a way that
inheritance laws and domicile are not relevant to whether proceedings in
Vanuatu are concluded.” Thus, the affidavit of foreign law that the caveator
was given leave to file and serve was limited to “the stage of proceedings in
Vanuatu and whether proceedings in Vanuatu are concluded”; the assistant
registrar did not give the caveator leave to include matters regarding
domicile or inheritance laws in that affidavit of foreign law.

27 Despite what had happened at that PTC, the caveator did not seek to broaden
his stay application beyond seeking a stay until the conclusion of proceedings
in Vanuatu. Instead, the caveator filed and served an affidavit of foreign law
(affirmed on 19 September 2022) that included matters regarding domicile and
inheritance laws. In response, the applicant submitted that paragraphs 5 to 32
of that affidavit should be expunged and/or wholly disregarded. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Applicant’s submissions, para 9.

In those circumstances, the applicant did not seek leave to file a reply
affidavit on those aspects.

28 Bearing in mind the history of the matter, I decided to deal with the
applicant’s ex parte application for resealing of the Vanuatu grant. In doing
so, I recognised that an order made ex parte is, in principle, susceptible to
being set aside, particularly if fuller evidence and submissions are later
presented to the court. Since my decision, it appears that the caveator is
headed in that direction, by pressing on with his intervention application.

The claimant’s opposition to the resealing application

29 The claimant’s opposition to the resealing application was stated as
follows in the caveat: “The Caveator objects to application HCF/P 112/2022 to
reseal the grant of probate from Vanuatu on the grounds it was not lawfully
obtained and the Applicant is not a lawful beneficiary.”

30 In the Vanuatu proceedings, the caveator contended that the Vanuatu grant
was not lawfully obtained because the applicant had falsely represented to the
Vanuatu court that: (a) the deceased was domiciled in Vanuatu; and (b) the
applicant was the deceased’s wife. The same issues of the deceased’s domicile,
and whether the applicant was the deceased’s wife, are relevant to the
Singapore court’s consideration of the applicant’s resealing application under
s 47 of the Act.

31 In the Singapore proceedings, the caveator also alleged that the deceased’s
Vanuatu citizenship (and that of the applicant) had been obtained using
nomination forms bearing forged signatures of Mr “X” (the deceased’s brother).
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 16 September 2022, paras 7.4.3 and 7.5 and pages
38–44.

This allegation was made in the caveator’s affidavit dated 16 September 2022,
but it was not made in the Vanuatu proceedings, not even in the “Notice and
Grounds of Appeal” document dated 12 October 2022. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Yawha’s affidavit dated 12 October 2022, exhibit “FDY-1”.

Moreover, that allegation was made in the last factual affidavit filed before
the November hearing, and in the circumstances that allegation was not
addressed by the applicant on affidavit.

32 The caveator abandoned his challenge to the Vanuatu grant (when he withdrew
his application for leave to appeal out of time), and moreover the caveator
never challenged the deceased’s Vanuatu citizenship in the Vanuatu courts.
Indeed, on 27 July 2022 the caveator’s solicitors wrote to court, enclosing an
affidavit of the caveator’s Vanuatu lawyer dated 11 July 2022, para 4(a) of
which stated the lawyer’s instructions that the deceased “was a Vanuatu
citizen who was domiciled in the United Arab Emirates during his lifetime”
[emphasis added]. (The assistant registrar ultimately did not give leave for
that affidavit to be filed.)

33 In any event, I was not prepared to summarily accept that Mr X’s signatures
on the citizenship nomination forms had been forged, or, if they were, that
the applicant was implicated in that.

Did it appear that the deceased was not domiciled in Vanuatu?

The threshold question of domicile in resealing applications

34 Under s 47(4) of the Act, the threshold question of domicile in resealing
applications is whether “it appears that the deceased was not, at the time of
his death, domiciled within the jurisdiction of the [foreign] court from which
the grant was issued” [emphasis added]. If, however, it appears that the
deceased was not domiciled within the foreign court’s jurisdiction at the time
of his death, then the foreign grant can still be resealed if the grant is
such as the General Division of the High Court would have made.

The parties’ positions on the deceased’s domicile

35 The deceased was born in France, had French citizenship, and France was his
domicile of origin. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 31 May 2022, para 9.

Both the applicant and the caveator were however agreed that, by the time of
his death, the deceased was no longer domiciled in France.

36 The caveator’s Vanuatu lawyer cited Mark v Mark [2005] UKHL 42 at 37 for
the proposition that “[a person’s] domicile of origin adheres to him until he
actually settles with the requisite intention in some other country”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Mr Yawha’s affidavit dated 19 September 2022, para 28.

In that regard:

(a) the applicant said that the deceased was domiciled in Vanuatu; 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Applicant’s statement filed with her resealing application dated 22 February
2022.

(b) the caveator said that the deceased was domiciled in the United Arab
Emirates. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 31 May 2022, para 14.

37 The applicant cited various links between the deceased and Vanuatu:

(a) Residence: the applicant gave the deceased’s address as “Port Vila
(General), Port Vila Municipal Council, Efate Island, Shefa Province Vanuatu”.
The Vanuatu grant likewise referred to the deceased as being “of Port-Vila,
Vanuatu”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Applicant’s statement filed with her resealing application dated 22 February
2022.

The applicant said the deceased was primarily living in Vanuatu prior to his
death, despite his travels; she and the deceased owned a property in Port
Vila, Vanuatu, and would live in the same when the deceased was not traveling.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, paras 13, 45, 46.

(b) Citizenship: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, paras 12, 13, 42, 43, 46.

the deceased was a Vanuatu citizen from 18 February 2019 – the applicant
exhibited the Vanuatu Government Citizenship’s Office and Commission’s
certification of the Vanuatu citizenship for her and the deceased, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, pages 50–51.

and the Vanuatu citizenship application form (for the deceased, the applicant
as his wife, and their elder child – who was then their only child), and
related documents. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, pages 36–45.

(c) Passport: the deceased had a Vanuatu passport 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, page 26.

issued on 27 February 2019, and the applicant cited the deceased’s Vanuatu
passport number as his identification number; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Applicant’s statement filed with her resealing application dated 22 February
2022.

the applicant and their elder child also had Vanuatu passports issued the same
date; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, pages 25 and 63.

their younger child too had a Vanuatu passport, but that was issued on 20
January 2021, after the deceased’s death.

(d) Marriage certificate: the applicant exhibited her Vanuatu marriage
certificate, titled “Registration of Marriage” 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, page 24.

– that referred to the marriage between the deceased and the applicant as
having been celebrated on 25 April 2014 at Sain Pedro, Spain by one Mr “Y”
according to Islamic rites; there was a “declaration” date of 12 March 2021
(after the deceased’s death on 10 January 2021).

(e) Children’s birth certificates: the applicant exhibited the Vanuatu birth
certificates for her two children, titled “Registration of Birth” –

(i) their elder child’s certificate 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, pages 56.

stated “parents married”, with 5 December 2019 as the date of “declaration” by
“parents”;

(ii) their younger child’s certificate 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, pages 61.

likewise stated “parents married”, but it had 16 February 2021 (after the
deceased’s death) as the date of “declaration” by the applicant.

38 The caveator, however, asserted that the deceased was domiciled in the UAE
rather than Vanuatu:

(a) Residence: the deceased was at some point a long-term resident of Ajman,
UAE; he had a UAE residence permit and resident identity card. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 31 May 2022, paras 10–12, pages 17–18.

He owned a property in Ajman, and in Spain. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 31 May 2022, paras 12 and page 19, paras 20–21.

The caveator said the deceased had told him that he had obtained tax residency
in Vanuatu due to the liberal tax laws there 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 31 May 2022, para 15.

(but in a later affidavit the caveator said the deceased merely mentioned
looking for a tax haven and “[a]t no point did the Deceased mention about
Vanuatu”). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 16 September 2022, para 9.4.

(b) Citizenship: the nomination forms for Vanuatu citizenship were purportedly
signed by the deceased’s brother Mr X as a witness, but the caveator said that
signature was forged – he exhibited a statement from Mr X confirming this. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 16 September 2022, paras 7.4.3 and 7.5 and pages
38–44.

Moreover, the application for the applicant’s citizenship was on the basis
that she was the deceased’s wife, but the caveator said that was false. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 31 May 2022, paras 7–8, 16–19, 41–46 and pages
82–89; Caveator’s affidavit dated 16 September 2022, paras 11–12, 20–21.

(c) Passport: the caveator said that the deceased and the applicant had never
entered Vanuatu with their Vanuatu passports (issued on 27 February 2019), and
once they had become Vanuatu citizens (on 18 February 2019) they could not
obtain visas to enter Vanuatu on another passport. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 16 September 2022, para 14; Mr Yawha’s affidavit
dated 19 September 2022, para 25 and exhibit “DY2”.

(d) Marriage certificate: the declaration date was 12 March 2021, after the
deceased’s death; 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 31 May 2022, para 41.

the caveator said there was no record in Spain of such a marriage, the name of
one of the purported witnesses was incorrectly spelled and he had declined
contact with the caveator and his family, and the other purported witness
could not be found and the caveator believed he did not exist. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 31 May 2022, paras 41–43.

Further, the marriage was supposedly celebrated before Mr Y on 25 April 2014
in Sain Pedro, Spain, but there is a record of the applicant telling the
Algerian court (that was conducting certain investigations) that Mr Y was
instead a Vanuatu employee. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Mr Yawha’s affidavit dated 19 September 2022, para 17 and exhibit “DY1”.

(e) Children’s birth certificates: the caveator maintained that the deceased
and the applicant were never married, and that their Vanuatu citizenships had
been wrongly obtained. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 16 September 2022, para 10; caveator’s affidavit
dated 31 May 2022, paras 41–46.

What was the relationship between the deceased and the applicant?

39 In addressing the issue of domicile, it was relevant to consider the
relationship between the deceased and the applicant. Were they:

(a) married and living together in Vanuatu (as the applicant said); or

(b) unmarried and living in separate homes, neither of which were in Vanuatu
(as the caveator said)?

40 The deceased regarded the applicant as his wife – he had represented that
to the Vanuatu authorities in his application for Vanuatu citizenship, and in
the application for his elder child’s Vanuatu birth certificate (see [52(f)]
below).

41 The Vanuatu authorities too regarded the applicant as the deceased’s wife:
they gave her Vanuatu citizenship as the spouse of the deceased (the principal
candidate for citizenship), and issued their elder child a Vanuatu birth
certificate stating, “parents married”. The Vanuatu court likewise regarded
the applicant as the deceased’s wife: the Vanuatu grant described the deceased
as a “married man” in the Vanuatu grant, and the applicant as his wife, and
letters of administration were granted to her.

42 The Vanuatu court was not the only foreign court to regard the applicant as
the deceased’s wife: so too did the UAE courts in proceedings contested
between the caveator and the applicant, for the UAE inheritance certificate in
relation to the deceased’s estate.

43 What the caveator said about those UAE proceedings was both telling, and
troubling:

The Federal Court in Ajman granted a share to [WKQ] as I had acknowledged her
as the Deceased s wife under Sharia law. For clarity, my failure to
acknowledge [WKQ] would mean that the children would be deemed illegitimate
and would not be able to inherit from the Deceased’s estate. I did not want
that status for the Deceased’s children but they are and remain illegitimate.

44 Put bluntly, the caveator said that in relation to the UAE proceedings he
had falsely acknowledged the applicant as the deceased’s wife; he did so in
order that the UAE court would regard her children as legitimate;
consequently, the UAE court regarded the applicant as the deceased’s wife, and
her children as legitimate (and the applicant and her children as
beneficiaries of the deceased’s estate).

45 Having taken the position in relation to the UAE proceedings that the
applicant was the deceased’s wife, and having obtained an order from the UAE
court on that basis, the caveator then turned around and contended in the
Singapore proceedings that in truth the applicant was not the deceased’s wife,
and her children were illegitimate.

46 This was compounded by the caveator’s conduct in relation to the Vanuatu
proceedings: by discontinuing his application for leave to appeal out of time,
the caveator gave up any remaining opportunity to challenge the Vanuatu grant.

47 In summary:

(a) the deceased regarded the applicant as his wife, and had represented this
to the Vanuatu authorities;

(b) the Vanuatu authorities and the Vanuatu court regarded the applicant as
the deceased’s wife;

(c) the UAE court regarded the applicant as the deceased’s wife; and

(d) the caveator (in relation to the UAE proceedings) acknowledged the
applicant as the deceased’s wife – but he says this was a false position that
he took so that the UAE court would regard her as the deceased’s wife, and
consequently regard her children as legitimate.

48 The parties did not make submissions on whether the foreign courts’
decisions regarding the applicant as the deceased’s wife, or the caveator’s
conduct in acknowledging her as the deceased’s wife in relation to the UAE
proceedings, might stand in the way of the caveator contending to the contrary
in the Singapore proceedings (for instance, because of estoppel or abuse of
process). In the circumstances, I simply regarded the evidence in relation to
the foreign proceedings as part of the body of evidence before me.

49 The caveator’s acknowledgment of the applicant as the deceased’s wife was
an admission against his interest, for if the applicant were regarded as the
deceased’s wife, and her children as legitimate, the applicant and her
children would be regarded as beneficiaries of the deceased’s estate; the
caveator’s share in the deceased’s estate would consequently be reduced.

50 I noted that the caveator had raised issues about whether there had truly
been a civil marriage between the deceased and the applicant, whether as
stated on the Vanuatu marriage certificate, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 31 May 2022, page 40.

or at all.

51 On the state of the evidence before me at the November hearing, however, I
accepted that the applicant was the deceased’s wife, as had been accepted by
the deceased, the Vanuatu authorities and the Vanuatu court, the courts UAE
court, and the caveator himself in relation to the UAE proceedings. This in
turn had a bearing on the issue of domicile (see [52(e)] and [52(f)] below).

Conclusion on the deceased’s domicile

52 On the material before me, it did not appear to me that the deceased was
not domiciled in Vanuatu:

(a) Vanuatu proceedings: the most appropriate court to decide whether the
Vanuatu court had made the Vanuatu grant based on false information, was the
Vanuatu court; but the caveator, by discontinuing his application for leave to
appeal out of time, had given up any remaining opportunity to convince the
Vanuatu court of that (despite the confidence the caveator and his Vanuatu
lawyer had earlier expressed regarding the prospects of challenging the
Vanuatu grant).

(b) Residence in Vanuatu (entering Vanuatu): the caveator’s Vanuatu lawyer
asserted that the deceased and the applicant had never entered Vanuatu on
their Vanuatu passports issued on 27 February 2019. He further asserted that
once they had become Vanuatu citizens on 18 February 2019, they could not have
obtained visas to enter Vanuatu on another passport. These assertions still
left open the possibility that, prior to 18 February 2019 (ie, before
obtaining Vanuatu citizenship and Vanuatu passports), the deceased and the
applicant had entered Vanuatu on other passports and visas; and that they
might have stayed on thereafter, or re-entered, using the passports and visas
they already had. The caveator’s Vanuatu lawyer’s assertion that Vanuatu
citizens cannot obtain visas for use with other passports, was based on a
reference to the Vanuatu Immigration Act No. 17 of 2010, but he did not set
out or even cite the relevant sections. This contention also results in the
odd situation that from 18 to 26 February 2019, when the deceased and the
applicant were Vanuatu citizens but had yet to obtain Vanuatu passports, they
could no longer use their other passports to obtain a visa to enter Vanuatu,
although they could have done so before obtaining Vanuatu citizenship. I could
not conclude from the caveator’s Vanuatu lawyer’s assertions and the letter he
had obtained from the Vanuatu Department of Immigration, that the deceased and
the applicant had never entered Vanuatu at any time – they may well have done
so using other passports.

(c) Residence in Vanuatu (staying in Vanuatu): the applicant said that she and
the deceased owned a property in Vanuatu, and lived there when the deceased
was not travelling. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, paras 15, 45, 46.

She did not however declare that as property of the estate in her application
for the Vanuatu grant (but only cash savings of an estimated or known value of
VT1,000,000) 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022 page 33.

– perhaps she simply did not regard their home to be part of the deceased’s
estate as she had jointly owned it with him.

(d) Residence in UAE: the caveator said that the deceased had long-term
residency in Ajman, UAE, and so the deceased bought an apartment there. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 31 May 2022, para 12.

In response, the applicant said that the deceased did not stay in the UAE
apartment, but in hotels. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, para 15.

The caveator then said it was an unsubstantiated aspersion to say that the
deceased was staying in hotels, but even if he were, the deceased had made
more attempts to have roots in UAE as compared to other jurisdictions
including Vanuatu. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 16 September 2022, para 16.

The fact remains that the deceased sought and obtained Vanuatu citizenship,
whereas there is no evidence that he sought the same status in UAE, but only
that of a long-term resident. Moreover, the copy of the deceased’s residence
permit exhibited by the caveator had an expiry date of 23 April 2019, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 31 May 2022, page 17.

just after the deceased obtained his Vanuatu citizenship and passport in
February 2019, and some time before his death in January 2021. There is no
documentary evidence that the deceased had long-term resident status in the
UAE after 23 April 2019. The applicant said the deceased stayed with her; the
caveator did not similarly claim that the deceased stayed with him – indeed,
the caveator did not claim to reside in the UAE; he apparently resided in
France.

(e) Deceased’s residence, relative to residence of the applicant and their
children: the caveator’s contention that the deceased’s domicile was UAE
implies that the deceased intended to settle in a country apart from his wife
and children – I consider that unlikely especially given his inclusion of the
applicant as his spouse, and their elder child, in his application for Vanuatu
citizenship. The caveator does not say that the applicant and her children
were resident in UAE, only that the deceased was resident there, and travelled
there, because of his work. In this regard, the applicant said that the
caveator was aware that she had married the deceased, and that they were
living together with their children as well, and that the caveator would drop
by their house from time to time to spend time with the deceased and the
children (this may have been a reference to a home in Spain, where they were
residing in 2017, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, page 18.

rather than Vanuatu). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Applicant’s affidavit dated 24 August 2022, para 21.

The caveator’s response was simply to “not admit” what the applicant had said;
he maintained that the deceased had not spoken (to him) about being married,
the deceased lived separately from the applicant, and the applicant had her
own home in Spain, rather than a family home with the deceased. The caveator
does not however say that the deceased was domiciled in Spain (and neither
does the applicant say this).

(f) Vanuatu citizenship: even if the signature of Mr X as a witness on the
Vanuatu citizenship nomination forms were forged (as he asserts), the fact
remains that the deceased had sought and obtained Vanuatu citizenship.
Furthermore, the deceased was the principal candidate for Vanuatu citizenship,
in his application he had named the applicant as his wife, and she had
obtained Vanuatu citizenship on that basis. The deceased and the applicant
represented to the Vanuatu authorities that they were married parents of their
elder child (who was then their only child), and obtained a Vanuatu birth
certificate for him. These are all indications of the deceased’s intention to
settle in Vanuatu with his wife and children.

53 On the evidence before me at the time of the November hearing, it did not
appear that the deceased was domiciled somewhere other than Vanuatu; in
particular, it did not appear that the deceased was domiciled in UAE (as the
caveator contended). In the circumstances, it was open to me to order that the
Vanuatu grant be resealed, and I did so.

54 In the circumstances, it was not necessary for me to decide whether, if it
appeared that the deceased was not domiciled in Vanuatu, the Vanuatu grant
should nevertheless be resealed as a grant “such as the General Division of
the High Court would have made”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Section 47(4) of the Act.

55 I would simply observe that insofar as that involves the issue of whether
the applicant was the deceased’s wife (and consequently a lawful beneficiary
of his estate), I have addressed that issue at [39]–[51] above.

The caveat

56 As I stated above (at [8]–[9]), I made no order for the removal of the
caveat. It was, however, the necessary consequence of my order in HCF/P
112/2022 that the Vanuatu grant be resealed, that the caveat would have ceased
to have effect. Prior to that, the caveat had been effective in ensuring that
the foreign grant would not be resealed without notice to the caveator:
indeed, the caveator was represented by counsel at the November hearing when I
ordered that the Vanuatu grant be resealed. After that point, however, the
caveat would have been spent. The fact remains, though, that I never ordered
that the caveat be removed – and that purported order is what the caveator
says he is appealing against by AD/CA 107/2022 in relation to HCF/CAVP
11/2022.

The assets in Singapore

57 It was common ground that the deceased had money in bank account(s) in
Singapore – the applicant said so in her statement accompanying the resealing
application, and in his affidavit the caveator likewise referred to the
deceased’s having a bank account in Singapore. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Caveator’s affidavit dated 31 May 2022, para 15.

However, neither the applicant nor the caveator knew how much money there was,
when I queried their counsel about this at the November hearing. As such, they
did not know the amount in dispute, or the value of the subject matter, in the
Singapore proceedings. It would be sensible for them to seek to ascertain
this: it may inform the future course of litigation between them in Singapore.

Conclusion

58 I dismissed the caveator’s application for a stay of the applicant’s
resealing application “until the proceedings contesting the grant in Vanuatu
are concluded” – those proceedings were concluded by the time of the November
hearing before me.

59 I then granted the applicant’s ex parte application for resealing of the
Vanuatu grant, for it did not appear that the deceased was not domiciled in
Vanuatu.

Andre Maniam  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Kulvinder Kaur, Nur Halimatul Syafheqah Binte Rosman, Marina Sani and Sam Kit
Yhing Jessica (IRB Law LLP) for the applicant;

Mohamed Hashim Bin Abdul Rasheed and Sofia Bakhash (A Mohamed Hashim) for the
caveator.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 Mar 2023 (13:54 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

