Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 212

Originating Application No 712 of 2023

In the Matter of Section 45(4) and Section 59U of

the Medical Registration Act 1997

Singapore Medical Council

… Applicant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure – Extension of time – s 45(4) Medical Registrations Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Singapore Medical Council

[2023] SGHC 212

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 712 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
31 July 2023

4 August 2023

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The process for investigating complaints about medical professionals was
changed by Parliament in October 2020 and came into force on 1 July 2022. This
updated process and reasons behind the changes are covered in detail in [2023]
SGHC 213. The application in HC/OA 712/2023 is by the Singapore Medical
Council (“SMC”) under s 45(4) of the Medical Registration Act 1997 (2020 Rev
Ed) (“MRA”) for an extension of time for the Complaints Committee to complete
its inquiry into whether a complaint about a doctor (“Dr N”) should be
referred to the Disciplinary Tribunal for a formal inquiry, or whether other
appropriate actions should be taken. It was Parliament’s intention in the
amendments to the MRA to create a “more expeditious resolution of complaints”
(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (6 October 2020), vol. 95,
Mr Edwin Tong Chun Fai, Second Minister for Law) (“Hansard”).

2 This application was brought by the SMC on 18 July 2023, a day before the
expiry of the deadline for the Complaints Committee’s inquiry, namely, 19 July
2023. Leaving it to the last day right before the time limit for the inquiry
is about to expire is obviously unwise. The applicant cannot assume that it
will be granted. There is no automatic grant of an extension of time at this
stage. A reasonable time for the Complaints Committee to investigate must be
measured against the public interest of an “expeditious resolution of
complaints”. If the Complaints Committee delays itself, it must not expect to
be given more time without sound and valid reasons that might justify the
delay. The onus lies with the applicant to show that it should be granted.
Should the applicant be denied an extension of time, the Complaints Committee
would be functus officio and the complaint cannot continue. Therefore, it will
be prudent, in the future, for such applications to be brought earlier (and
not on the cusp of the deadline) — once it is clear that the investigation
cannot be completed in time.

3 In the present case, the complaint against Dr N was received by SMC on 25
November 2022 and involved various alleged failures by Dr N to properly
diagnose, treat and communicate with the complainant (“M”) regarding problems
in M’s leg. Dr N treated M from around 3 February 2020 to 15 May 2020 where
M’s condition did not improve, and in fact worsened in some ways. M
subsequently sought medical help from other doctors. Although M’s condition
showed some improvement after being treated by other doctors, the pain and
swelling around M’s Achilles tendon has persisted.

4 After receiving the complaint, an Inquiry Committee was appointed to look
into the complaint on 13 December 2022 and the Inquiry Committee referred the
matter to the Complaints Committee on 10 January 2023, with the Complaints
Committee being appointed on 20 January 2023 and commencing its inquiry
thereafter. The Complaints Committee reviewed documents obtained pursuant to
the Inquiry Committee’s instructions on 20 January 2023, and on 3 February
2023, directed further investigations and asked for various documents from Dr
N. After receiving the remaining documents requested by the Inquiry Committee
on 6 February 2023, the Complaints Committee reviewed them on 24 February 2023
and decided not to proceed with its directions given on 3 February 2023.
Subsequently, the Complaints Committee met for a “detailed” online discussion
of the case on 21 March 2023, and on 17 April 2023 directed investigators to
seek clarifications from Dr N, and to obtain an expert report from a vascular
surgeon of the Academy of Medicine Singapore (‘AMS”). The investigators
approached the expert nominated by AMS on 18 May 2023, with the expert asking
for more time to submit his expert report on 20 June 2023 and 3 July 2023. As
of the time of the s 45(4) MRA application (18 July 2023), the Complaints
Committee has not received the expert report. In these circumstances, and
since the Complaints Committee will require time to review the documents
obtained pursuant to the directions given on 17 April 2023, the applicant asks
for an extension of time of three months, till 19 October 2023, for the
Complaints Committee to complete its inquiry.

5 I am of the view that the circumstances of the present case do not warrant a
grant of an extension of time for three months till 19 October 2023. First,
there does not appear to be any reasons given for the delays in procuring the
expert report. Despite there being two previous extensions of time given to
the expert (on 20 June 2023 and 3 July 2023), it is unclear as to when the
expert will be submitting his expert report. There is also no explanation as
to why such a long time is required for the expert report to be obtained (more
than two months have passed). If there are valid reasons for the expert report
to be delayed — these reasons need to be disclosed to the court. Otherwise,
the Complaints Committee should impress upon its experts that their reports
are due. Afterall, Parliament had modified the processes in dealing with
complaints with the aim of achieving a “more expeditious resolution of
complaints”, and this applies to all parties involved in the process.

6 Secondly, there were long gaps during the previous six months which are
unexplained delays — the time between the Complaints Committee’s meeting and
when steps were actually taken. For instance, the Complaints Committee
discussed the case on 21 March 2023, but only gave directions to investigators
almost a month later on 17 April 2023, and there was a lag of more than a
month from 17 April 2023 to 18 May 2023, before the investigators finally
followed the directions given and asked the expert nominated by AMS for his
report. Of course, directions need time to complete, but the gap between the
decision and action taken does not seem reasonable. This is unlike the
situation where the expert may need more than a month between receiving
instructions and producing the expert report — due to the complexities of the
subject matter. The Complaints Committee has to avoid such delays. It must
encourage the other parties in the complaints process to work expeditiously.
It is Parliament’s intention that the complaints process moves faster than
before. The statutory amendments were intended to speed up the resolution of
complaints.

7 For the reasons given above, I allow the application for an extension of
time, but only be up to 1 September 2023.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Lim Ngee Tong Samuel and Thng Yu Ting Angelia (Braddell Brothers LLP) for the
applicant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 04 Aug 2023 (13:07 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

