Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 337

Originating Application 697 of 2023

In the matter of Part 11 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act
2018

And

In the matter of Section 252 of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution
Act 2018

And

In the matter of Article 15 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border
Insolvency

Between

(1)| Charles Thresh  
---|---  
(2)| Michael Morrison  
  
… Applicants

And

(1)| British Steamship Protection And Indemnity Association Limited  
---|---  
(2)| British Steamship Management Ltd  
  
… Non-parties

JUDGMENT

[Insolvency Law — Cross-border insolvency — Recognition of foreign
proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Thresh, Charles and another (British Steamship Protection and Indemnity
Association Ltd and another, non-parties)

[2023] SGHC 337

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 697 of 2023  
Hri Kumar Nair J  
23 October, 24 November 2023

30 November 2023 Judgment reserved.

Hri Kumar Nair J:

Introduction

1 This is an application under Art 17 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-
Border Insolvency (“the Model Law”) as adopted in Singapore (“the SG Model
Law”) to recognise the proceedings before the Supreme Court of Bermuda
(Commercial Court) in Companies (Winding Up) 2022 No 281 filed in respect of
British Steamship Protection and Indemnity Association (Bermuda) Limited (“the
Company”) under the provisions of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 (“the
Proceeding”), and the Winding Up Order by the Supreme Court of Bermuda dated
28 October 2022 issued in the Proceeding (“the Winding-Up Order”).

2 I allow the application for the reasons below.

Background and the parties

3 The Company was an insurer licensed in Bermuda. The Winding-Up Order was
made pursuant to a petition filed by the Bermuda Monetary Authority (“BMA”) on
12 September 2022 (“the Petition”) to wind up the Company. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Michael Morrison (13 Jul 2023) ("MM-1") at paras 3 and 11.

The Applicants are the joint provisional liquidators appointed by the Supreme
Court of Bermuda under the Winding-Up Order. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

MM-1 at para 3(b).

4 The Non-Parties are the sole shareholder, British Steamship Protection And
Indemnity Association Limited (“BSP”), and the manager, British Steamship
Management Ltd (“BSM”), of the Company. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Affidavit of Li Yu (15 Sep 2023) (“LY-1”) at paras 1–2.

They are effectively owned and/or controlled by one Mr Li Yu (“Li”), a
director of the Company. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

LY-1 at para 3.

Li is a Singapore citizen and resides in Singapore. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

LY-1 at p 2.

The Non-Parties oppose the recognition of the Proceeding and the Winding-Up
Order on several grounds. I deal with each in turn below.

5 A few days before the first hearing of the application, the Court of Appeal
issued its decision in Ascentra Holdings, Inc (in official liquidation) and
others v SPGK Pte Ltd [2023] SGCA 32 (“Ascentra Holdings”), which dealt with
the interpretation and application of provisions of the SG Model Law relevant
to this application, and which is binding on me. On my direction, parties
filed written submissions on Ascentra Holdings as it applies to this case. In
addition, the Applicants filed the affidavit of Nicholas Patrick Howard (“the
Howard Affidavit”) to explain and clarify various issues on the applicable
laws of Bermuda, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st Affidavit of Nicholas Patrick Howard (4 Nov 2023) (“NH-1”).

and the parties filed further submissions with respect to the Howard
Affidavit.

My decision

Foreign proceeding

6 The court cannot exercise its power under Art 17 of the SG Model Law to
recognise any proceeding unless it is a “foreign proceeding” within the
meaning of Art 2(h) of the SG Model Law.

7 Article 2(h) defines a “foreign proceeding” as “a collective judicial or
administrative proceeding in a foreign State, including an interim proceeding,
under a law relating to insolvency or adjustment of debt in which proceeding
the property and affairs of the debtor are subject to control or supervision
by a foreign court, for the purpose of reorganisation or liquidation”.

8 In Ascentra Holdings, it was held (at [29]) that Art 2(h) prescribes at
least five different and cumulative requirements for a proceeding to qualify
as a “foreign proceeding”:

(a) that proceeding must be collective in nature;

(b) that proceeding must be a judicial or administrative proceeding in a
foreign State;

(c) that proceeding must be conducted under a law relating to insolvency or
adjustment of debt;

(d) the property and affairs of the debtor company must be subject to control
or supervision by a foreign court in that proceeding; and

(e) that proceeding must be for the purpose of reorganisation or liquidation.

9 The Non-Parties take issue with the first and third limbs. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Non-Parties Written Submissions (“NPWS”) at para 6.

10 Article 16(1) of the SG Model Law states that if a decision or certificate
mentioned in Art 15(2) indicates that the proceeding in respect of which an
application for recognition is made is a foreign proceeding within the meaning
of Art 2(h), the court is entitled to so presume.

11 Here, the certificate issued by the Supreme Court of Bermuda dated 12
January 2023 (“the Certificate”) provides that: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

MM-1 at p 56.

The [Winding-Up Order] would be considered a foreign proceeding within the
meaning of Article 2(h) of [the Model Law].

12 However, the Certificate only gives rise to a presumption which can be
rebutted. It is for this court to determine whether Art 2(h) is satisfied.

A law relating to insolvency or adjustment of debt

13 One key issue in this case is whether the Proceeding was conducted under a
law relating to insolvency or adjustment of debt.

14 It is evident that the Company was not wound up because it was insolvent.
This is made abundantly clear in the Petition as well as the Applicants’ first
affidavit (“the Morrison Affidavit”) filed in these proceedings.

15 The Petition states: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

MM-1 at p 23.

17\. The grounds for [the] Petition involve numerous serious non-compliances
with mandatory regulatory requirements that have gone unresolved for years.
The [BMA] has attempted to work with the Company to resolve these non-
compliances. The [BMA] has also imposed fines as a less drastic enforcement
mechanism short of a winding up to obtain compliance from the Company. Neither
stick nor carrot nor patience have obtained any level of compliance from the
Company.

16 The grounds of the Petition were summarised in the Morrison Affidavit: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

MM-1 at para 12.

(a) First, the Company had failed to appoint an approved auditor with effect
from 21 November 2019, when Arthur Morris & Company Limited filed its
resignation as the Company’s auditor with immediate effect. This was in
contravention of section 16 of the Bermuda Insurance Act, which requires every
insurer to appoint an auditor approved by the [BMA] to audit its statutory
financial statements.

(b) Second, the Company had failed to file its statutory financial returns
(“SFRs”) for the years ended 20 February 2019, 2020, and 2021. This was in
contravention of section 18 of the Bermuda Insurance Act, which requires every
insurer to file SFRs.

(c) Third, the Company had failed to maintain adequate accounting and record
keeping systems and meet its reporting requirements, including the requirement
to submit SFRs for the years ended 20 February 2019, 2020 and 2021. This was
in contravention of section 46 of the Insurance Code of Conduct 2015, which
requires an insurer to establish sound accounting and financial reporting
procedures and practices.

(d) Fourth, the Company had failed to appoint a principal representative with
effect from 1 November 2021, when Davies Captive Management Limited’s
resignation as the Company’s principal representative took effect. This was in
contravention of section 8 of the Bermuda Insurance Act, which requires every
insurer to appoint a principal representative resident in Bermuda.

(e) Fifth, the Company had failed to maintain a registered office following
the resignation of Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited as the
Company’s corporate secretary with effect from 21 February 2020. This was in
contravention of section 62 of the Companies Act 1981 (the “Bermuda Companies
Act”), which requires every company to have a registered office in Bermuda.

(f) Sixth, following the resignation of the Company’s corporate secretary and
principal representative, the Company was in contravention of section 130 of
the Bermuda Companies Act, which required the Company to have at least one
director, a corporate secretary or a resident representative that is ordinary
resident in Bermuda.

17 The BMA concluded the Petition and prayed for the winding-up of the Company
as follows: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

MM-1 at pp 28–29.

40\. The non-compliance of the Company are as follows:

(i) Section 8 of the Insurance Act 1978: a failure to appoint a principal
representative with effect from 1 November 2021;

(ii) Section 16 of the Insurance Act 1978: A failure to appoint an approved
auditor with effect from 21 November 2019;

(iii) Section 18A of the Insurance Act 1978: Failure to file SFRs for the
years ended 20 February 2019, 2020 and 2021;

(iv) Section 62 of the Companies Act: Failure to file notice of registered
office;

(v) Section 130 of the Companies Act: Failure to appoint a resident director
or corporate secretary or resident representative.

41\. The [BMA] is satisfied that the Company should be wound up pursuant to
the Insurance Act:

(i) Section 35(1)(b) – the Company has failed to satisfy an obligation to
which it is or was subject by virtue of the Insurance Act; and/or

(ii) Section 35(1)(c) – the Company has failed to satisfy the obligation as to
the preparation of accounts and failure to file statutory financial
statements; and/or

(iii) Section 35(3) – it is just and equitable that the Company be wound up as
it is expedient in the public interest given the Company’s failure to act
prudently, to rectify non-compliances in a timely fashion, to communicate
forthrightly and openly with [the BMA] regarding non-compliances and the
reasons therefore and to identify non-compliances as and when they arise.

18 In the affidavit of Susan Davis-Crockwell (“the Davis Affidavit”) filed in
support of the Petition, it was stated: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

MM-1 at pp 34–35.

19\. The cumulative effect of the various non-compliances, detailed below and
in [the Petition], is that the Company has exited Bermuda in favour of
Singapore. At present, the [BMA] has no direct access to the Company as the
Company has no office and no directors or officers in the jurisdiction. This
poses obvious regulatory and enforcement concerns. For these reasons, the
[BMA] has now determined that the Company must be wound up to ensure long
running non-compliances are brought to an end and any detrimental effects on
the ultimate policyholders or on Bermuda’s regulatory reputation may be
managed and repaired. A winding up will ensure that a fulsome and professional
evaluation of the Company’s financial affairs may be conducted by individuals
to whom [the BMA] will have direct access, as necessary.

19 It is therefore clear that the BMA did not petition for the winding-up of
the Company on the grounds that it was insolvent or in any form of financial
distress. The grounds and provisions it relied on do not relate to insolvency
but to the Company’s failure to comply with various statutory requirements
governing insurance companies under Bermudan law.

20 This, however, does not determine the issue.

21 Having carefully considered the language of Art 2(h), both itself and in
the context of other provisions of the SG Model Law, as well as the policy and
impetus behind the SG Model Law and authorities interpreting Art 2(h) and
similar provisions here and elsewhere, the Court of Appeal in Ascentra
Holdings concluded that a company does not need to be insolvent or in severe
financial distress before the proceedings in respect of it may be recognised
under the SG Model Law. Specifically, the Court of Appeal held (at [98]–[99]):

98 We are therefore satisfied that there is no requirement under the SG Model
Law for a company to be insolvent or in severe financial distress before a
proceeding concerning that company may be recognised as a foreign proceeding
under the SG Model Law. For this reason, we agree with the appellants that the
approach taken in Re Betcorp towards the interpretation of the words “law
relating to insolvency or adjustment of debt” (ie, the Broad Approach) should
be adopted in Singapore. Interpreting Art 2(h) of the SG Model Law in that
manner better coheres with its ordinary meaning and reflects Parliament’s
intention to include proceedings concerning solvent companies within the scope
of the SG Model Law. We are also satisfied that such an interpretation does
not undermine, and is indeed consistent with, the overall purpose of the
UNCITRAL Model Law.

99 To reiterate, under the Broad Approach, the requirement that a proceeding
be conducted “under a law relating to insolvency or adjustment of debt” within
the meaning of Art 2(h) will be satisfied as long as the law or the relevant
part of the law under which the relevant proceeding is conducted includes
provisions dealing with the insolvency of a company or the adjustment of its
debts. It will generally be irrelevant that the company concerned in the
relevant proceeding is not insolvent or in severe financial distress.

[emphasis added]

22 In the circumstances, the issue is whether the Bermuda Insurance Act 1978
(“IA 1978”), pursuant to which the Proceeding was brought, is a law which
falls within what was referred to in Ascentra Holdings as “the Broad
Approach”, ie, where the law or the relevant part of the law under which the
Proceeding is conducted includes provisions dealing with the insolvency of a
company or the adjustment of its debts. As seen above, the Petition was
founded on various sub-sections of s 35 of the IA 1978. Significantly, s
35(1)(a) of the IA 1978 expressly provides for a petition for winding-up on
the grounds of insolvency: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Applicants’ Bundle of Authorities (“ABOA”) at Tab 4.

Winding up on petition of Authority

35 (1) The Authority may present a petition for the winding up, in accordance
with the Companies Act 1981, of an insurer, being a company which may be wound
up under that Act, on the ground—

(a) that the insurer is unable to pay its debts within the meaning of sections
161 and 162 of the Companies Act 1981;

…

23 In the circumstances, and applying the “Broad Approach” , the IA 1978 is “a
law relating to insolvency or adjustment of debt”. This element of Art 2(h) is
therefore satisfied.

24 For completeness, I deal with the Applicants’ argument that Art 2(h) is
satisfied because the Company is in fact insolvent or in financial distress.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Applicants’ Written Submissions (“AWS”) at para 29(a).

I do not accept that submission:

(a) Art 2(h) deals with the law relating to the proceedings under which the
Company was wound up. As confirmed in Ascentra Holdings at [99], the Company’s
actual financial position is generally irrelevant; and

(b) in any event, there is no evidence that the Company is insolvent or in
financial distress:

(i) the fact that the Company fell below the threshold for solvency required
under the IA 1978 and its regulations does not mean it is insolvent, but only
that it has failed to meet or maintain its licensing requirements as an
insurer;

(ii) there is no evidence that the Company has any outstanding debts (actual
or contingent). None is mentioned in the Petition or the Davis Affidavit.
Indeed, according to the Davis Affidavit, the Company has paid all the
regulatory fines imposed on it in Bermuda; 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

MM-1 at p 39.

and

(iii) no debt is mentioned in the Morrison Affidavit or the second affidavit
filed on behalf of the Applicants (“the Thresh Affidavit”). In fact, the
Thresh Affidavit refers to a balance sheet of the Company as at 28 October
2022, which states that it had net assets of US$118,000. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Affidavit of Charles Thresh (2 Oct 2023) (“CT-1”) at para 14.

The balance sheet was not exhibited and the Non-Parties say it was furnished
on a “without prejudice” basis. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NPWS at para 34.

As the correspondence was not produced, I make no finding as to whether the
Applicants ought to have referred to the same. Nonetheless, at its highest, it
does not support the Applicants’ argument.

Proceeding must be collective in nature

25 In Ascentra Holdings, the Court of Appeal summarised (at [104]) the
relevant principles concerning the requirement of a proceeding being
collective as follows:

(a) … it must concern all creditors of the debtor generally, in contrast to,
for instance, one that is instigated at the request, and for the benefit, of a
single secured creditor (Cross-Border Insolvency: A Commentary on the UNCITRAL
Model Law (Look Chan Ho gen ed) (Globe Law and Business Publishing, 4th Ed,
2017) at p 178).

(b) In evaluating whether a proceeding is collective, a key consideration is
whether substantially all of the assets and liabilities of the debtor are
dealt with in the proceeding, subject to local priorities and statutory
exceptions, and to local exclusions relating to the rights of secured
creditors (2013 Guide, part two at para 70).

[emphasis in original]

26 The term “collective” includes proceedings involving an insolvency
representative being able to control the realisation of assets for the purpose
of pro rata distribution among all creditors, as opposed to a proceeding
designed to assist a particular creditor to obtain payment or a process
designed for some purpose other than to address the insolvency of the debtor –
United Securities Sdn Bhd (in receivership and liquidation) and another v
United Overseas Bank Ltd [2021] 2 SLR 950 at [56], citing Richard Fisher &
Adam Al-Attar, “The UNCITRAL Model Law” in Cross-Border Insolvency (Richard
Sheldon gen ed) (Bloomsbury Professional, 4th Ed, 2015).

27 The Non-Parties argue that the criterion is not satisfied because the
Petition was unilaterally initiated by the BMA; the Applicants have not shown
that the creditors had notice of the Proceeding and were able to participate
in it; the Winding-Up Order was obtained without affording the Company or its
creditors the opportunity to be heard; and the Applicants have not reached out
to creditors to provide them with a right to submit claims for determination
and to receive an equitable distribution, or have not consulted the creditors
before initiating this application. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NPWS at para 14.

28 None of these objections has merit. While the Petition was initiated by the
BMA, there is no evidence that it was to benefit only it. The BMA would
presumably have an interest in ensuring that licensed insurers which failed to
adhere to its statutory and regulatory requirements should cease their
business and be wound up – that would be part of their statutory duties and
mandate to protect the public interest. Indeed, the Davis Affidavit makes
clear that the Company was wound up to ensure that its breaches of the
relevant laws in Bermuda were put to an end and, inter alia, detrimental
effects on the Company’s policyholders may be managed and repaired. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

MM-1 at p 44.

The winding-up would also enable the Applicants as professional liquidators to
evaluate the Company’s financial affairs (see [18] above).

29 More importantly, the Howard Affidavit confirms that:

(a) s 35 of the IA 1978 does not provide a different or distinct winding-up
process, and that a winding-up petition presented by the BMA is done in
accordance with the procedure under the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 (“CA 1981”)
for compulsory liquidations; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NH-1 at p 21.

(b) regardless of the reasons for which a company is wound up (whether under
the CA 1981 or the IA 1978), the liquidators will follow the same essential
process leading to collection and distribution of the company's assets first
amongst its creditors pari passu and then amongst contributories. As a result,
these statutes together provide a complete regime for the compulsory
liquidation of insurance companies; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NH-1 at para 22.

(c) where a winding-up order is made, the appointment of the provisional
liquidators will be made on a “full powers” basis, meaning they have the same
powers and authority as permanent liquidators to manage the company and
creditors’ claims. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NH-1 at para 24.

These full powers are described in s 175 of the CA 1981, and include the
ability to make calls on debts, compromise debts and make distributions to
creditors, and the power “to do all such other things as may be necessary for
winding up the affairs of the company and distributing its assets” – s
175(2)(h) of the CA 1981; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NH-1 at para 30.

and

(d) the Applicants were appointed on a “full powers” basis. The powers are set
out in the Winding-Up Order, which gives the Applicants a wide range of powers
in relation to the Company’s property and affairs for the benefit of all
creditors: it authorises the Applicants to take steps in the best interests of
the Company’s creditors, including the recovery of the Company’s assets, to
bring or defend any action in the name of and on behalf of the Company and to
enter a scheme of arrangement with the creditors. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NH-1 at para 32 and Tab 3.

30 The Howard Affidavit also states that the Companies (Winding-Up) Rules 1982
is one of the legislative instruments governing the liquidation of companies.
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NH-1 at para 8.

Rule 79 of the Companies (Winding-Up) Rules 1982 states that “[i]n a winding-
up by the Court the Official Receiver or provisional liquidator, before the
appointment of a liquidator, shall have all the powers of a liquidator with
respect to the examination, admission, and rejection of proofs”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Applicants’ 2nd Supplementary Bundle of Authorities at Tab 1.

31 Significantly, it is not the Non-Parties’ case that the Winding-Up Order is
intended to benefit only the BMA or any specific creditor or class of
creditors.

32 The above makes it clear that the Proceeding is “collective” in nature.

33 The Non-Parties’ complaint of the lack of notice to, or participation by,
the creditors thus far is irrelevant as far as this element of Art 2(h) is
concerned.

34 I deal in more detail with the question of notice below at [45]–[46]. For
completeness, there is no evidence that any creditor opposed the Petition or
was prevented from doing so. Nor is there any evidence that any creditor had
taken, or is taking, steps to challenge or set aside the Winding-Up Order. The
allegation that the Applicants have thus far not reached out to the creditors
is a non-starter as they are entitled to first take steps to better understand
the affairs of the Company, which the terms of the Winding-Up Order and this
application facilitate. As noted in the Howard Affidavit, in order to call
meetings of creditors and contributories, the Applicants must ascertain the
identity and location of the company’s creditors and contributories, which
information is typically found in the statement of affairs that the company's
former management is obligated to provide or within the company’s books and
records, or both. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NH-1 at para 33.

Indeed, the Applicants say that they are unable to reach out to the creditors
as Li has failed or refused to disclose information relating to the Company’s
affairs. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AWS at para 24.

35 The Non-Parties relied on the case of In re Global Cord Blood Corporation
2022 WL 17478530 (SD NY, 2022) (“Global Cord”) for the proposition that in
order for a proceeding to be “collective”, all creditors must receive notice
of the same. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Non-Parties’ Further Written Submissions (“NPFWS”) at para 7.

Global Cord does not support that broad submission. The court there was
highlighting that the foreign proceedings sought to be recognised were not for
the benefit of the creditors but the corporation itself. It was in that
context that the court highlighted that the corporation’s creditors had not
received formal notice of, or been granted standing to participate in, the
foreign proceeding; nor did the foreign proceeding involve any effort to
identify or classify creditors or determine how and whether to satisfy their
claims. That was why the court concluded that it was not a “collective”
action: Global Cord at *8. That is plainly not the case here.

36 For completeness, I deal with the Non-Parties’ argument that I should
disregard the Howard Affidavit as its deponent, Nicholas Patrick Howard had
represented BMA in the Proceeding and was therefore not independent. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Non-Parties’ 2nd Further Written Submissions (“NPFWS-2”) at para 5.

The court has discretion under s 47(4) of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed)
to vary the weight accorded to expert evidence because of an expert’s lack of
independence: see Innovative Corp Pte Ltd v Ow Chun Ming and another [2023] 3
SLR 1488 at [93], [97] and [98]. While it may have been preferable for the
Applicants to have found an independent lawyer to give evidence on Bermudan
law, there was ultimately no reason to reject the Howard Affidavit. Its
evidence was not contradicted – the Non-Parties were given leave to file a
response affidavit but did not do so. In any case, the evidence in the Howard
Affidavit was not inconsistent with a plain reading of the relevant statutes
and regulations of Bermuda, and not remarkable. I therefore accept the
evidence contained therein.

Public policy

37 Article 17 of the SG Model Law provides that this court must recognise the
Proceeding and the Winding-Up Order if its requirements are satisfied.
However, that is qualified by Art 6 of the SG Model Law, which provides that
the court may refuse recognition if such recognition would be contrary to the
public policy of Singapore. The SG Model Law does not define “public policy”.

38 In Re Zetta Jet Pte Ltd and others [2018] 4 SLR 801 (“Re Zetta Jet”), the
High Court observed (at [21]–[23]) that under the Model Law, the court can
only deny recognition on this ground if recognition is “manifestly contrary”
to public policy, but the SG Model Law omits the word “manifestly”. The court
surmised that that the omission was deliberate, and this meant that the
standard of exclusion on public policy grounds in Singapore is lower than in
other jurisdictions: Re Zetta Jet at [23].

39 Commentaries on other international documents provide some guidance as to
the meaning of the phrase “manifestly contrary” to public policy. This
requires “additional, extended scrutiny”, and means that an alleged violation
of public policy must not be “an arguable violation” but must be one which is
definitely recognisable as such”: see Ronald A Brand & Paul Herrup, The 2005
Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements: Commentary and Documents
(Cambridge University Press, 2008) at pp 91–93. The phrase is intended to set
a high threshold and refers to the basic norms or principles of the relevant
State, not mere technical violations of a mandatory rule: see Trevor Hartley &
Masato Dogauchi, Explanatory Report on the Convention of 30 June 2005 on
Choice of Court Agreements (Hague Conference on Private International Law,
2013) at para 153.

40 I note that the phrase “manifestly contrary” to public policy has been
retained in ss 12(1)(c) and 14(c) of the Choice of Court Agreements Act 2016
(2020 Rev Ed) (“CCAA”), which provide respectively that an exclusive choice of
court agreement may not be given effect, and the court must refuse to
recognise or enforce a foreign judgment, if doing so would be manifestly
contrary to the public policy of Singapore. The CCAA gives effect to the Hague
Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 2005 (“the Hague Convention”): see
the Explanatory Statement to the Choice of Court Agreements Bill (Bill No
14/2016) (“the CCAB Explanatory Statement”). However, neither the CCAB
Explanatory Statement nor the report of the Law Reform Committee (see Law
Reform Committee, Report of the Law Reform Committee on the Hague Convention
on Choice of Court Agreements 2005 (March 2013) (Author: Yeo Tiong Min))
comment on the choice to retain the phrase “manifestly contrary” from the
Hague Convention in ss 12(1)(c) and 14(c) of the CCAA.

41 In so far as the phrase “manifestly contrary” has been retained in the CCAA
and not the SG Model Law, it does suggest that in the context of the
recognition of foreign proceedings under the SG Model Law, the standard of
exclusion on public policy grounds in Singapore is lower. I also note the
observations in the UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency with Guide
to Enactment and Interpretation, UN Sales No E.05.V.10 (2013) (“the 2013
Guide”) at para 104 that:

The purpose of the expression “manifestly”, used also in many other
international legal texts as a qualifier of the expression “public policy”, is
to emphasize that public policy exceptions should be interpreted restrictively
and that article 6 is only intended to be invoked under exceptional
circumstances concerning matters of fundamental importance for the enacting
State. [emphasis added]

Therefore, the omission of the word “manifestly” in Art 6 of the SG Model Law
suggests that our Parliament intended that the public policy ground may be
invoked for reasons less stringent than those concerning matters of
fundamental importance for Singapore.

42 I do not propose to lay down an exhaustive definition of the phrase
“contrary to public policy” in Art 6 of the SG Model Law – that would not be
possible. Nonetheless, it is trite that preventing or limiting a person’s
rights on public policy grounds is an exceptional measure, and the burden is
on the party invoking to identify the precise public policy engaged and how it
has been (or will be) violated. As held in UKM v Attorney-General [2019] 3 SLR
874 (“UKM”), the alleged public policy relied on by a party must be shown to
be attributable to a constitutionally authoritative source (such as
legislation, statements made by Cabinet ministers, and judicial decisions)
which clearly expresses the policy: UKM at [136], [138] and [144]. The Non-
Parties do not come close to meeting this high threshold.

43 The Non-Parties argue a breach of public policy on two grounds:

(a) there was a breach of the rules of natural justice; namely the right to a
fair hearing in the conduct of the Proceeding as service of the Petition was
not properly effected, such that the Company and its directors received no
actual notice of the Proceeding until after the Winding-Up Order was made; 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NPWS at paras 48–55.

and

(b) the Applicants have failed to protect the relevant interests, in that they
have commenced this application with no due regard to the interests of the
creditors and whether it was what the creditors wanted. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NPWS at paras 56–59.

44 I note that the Non-Parties did not clearly state what public policy was
breached, how it was attributable to a constitutionally authoritative source,
or the weight to be given to the alleged public policy as opposed to any
countervailing concern in favour of recognition (see UKM at [136]). In any
case, the facts did not demonstrate a breach of any public policy as alleged.

45 On the Non-Parties’ first ground, they point out that the BMA had served
the Petition and the Davis Affidavit at the offices of the Company’s Personal
Representative (“PR”) on 4 October 2022 although it was aware that the PR had
resigned as of 1 November 2021. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NPWS at para 52.

However, no evidence of Bermudan law was adduced to state that this was
impermissible or that the service requirements under Bermudan law were not
met. Further, these facts appear to have been made known to the Supreme Court
of Bermuda as the BMA had filed an affidavit of service, and also referred to
the date of the PR’s resignation in its Petition and the supporting affidavit.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

LY-1 at pp 89–90; MM-1 at pp 26,41.

I further note that no application has been filed to set aside the Winding-Up
Order on this or any other ground. In his affidavit (“the Li Affidavit”), Li
states that he had considered challenging the Winding-Up Order, but chose not
to proceed. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

LY-1 at para 55.

46 The Non-Parties relied on the decision of Paulus Tannos v Heince Tombak
Simanjuntak and others and another appeal [2020] 2 SLR 1061 (“Paulus”), but
that does not assist them. Those proceedings involved the recognition of
bankruptcy orders made in Indonesia against the individual appellants: Paulus
at [1]. It was accepted that the appellants were required to be served notice
of the proceedings, and the issue turned on whether that requirement was met:
Paulus at [19] and [42]. The appellants filed affidavits asserting that they
had not been served and the respondents offered no relevant evidence to the
contrary: Paulus at [64]–[66]. In this case, the Non-Parties have not asserted
what the Bermudan law for service of the Petition is or that it has been
breached. The fact that the Non-Parties or the directors of the Company may
not have been served is not relevant, unless it is shown that they are
required to be served. No such evidence was adduced.

47 On the Non-Parties’ second ground, their main complaint is that the
Applicants had acted dishonestly by alleging that (a) a Singapore company
owned or controlled by Li, EF Marine Pte Ltd (“EF Marine”) had received
premiums for and on behalf of the Company; and (b) they have received very
little co-operation from Li. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NPWS at paras 65–66.

The Non-Parties also accuse the Applicants of incurring exorbitant costs –
they and their legal advisers had apparently incurred about S$150,000 as at 1
February 2023. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NPWS at para 71.

48 Nothing in the material before me rises to the level of being contrary to
any public policy. Further, I note that:

(a) without a proper accounting of all that the Applicants have done, which is
not before me, I am in no position to assess whether the Applicants have
incurred “exorbitant” costs as the Non-Parties claim. More importantly, the
Applicants are court-appointed provisional liquidators and are subject to the
supervision of the Supreme Court of Bermuda. Any allegation that they have
incurred unnecessary costs or have otherwise misconducted themselves, should
properly be brought before the Supreme Court of Bermuda. In this regard, I
note that the Winding-Up Order confers on the Applicants all the powers set
out in s 175 of the CA 1981, and that s 175(3) provides that: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ABOA at p 15.

(3) The exercise by the liquidator in a winding up by the Court of the powers
conferred by this section shall be subject to the control of the Court, and
any creditor or contributory may apply to the Court with respect to any
exercise or proposed exercise of any of those powers.

No application has been made to the Supreme Court of Bermuda by the Non-
Parties or any creditor or contributory with respect to the exercise of the
Applicants of their powers under the Winding-Up Order;

(b) it is undisputed that EF Marine has received premiums on policies issued
by the Company. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AWS at para 44; LY-1 at para 35.

It is Li’s position that EF Marine did so as agent for the Company’s re-
insurer, Swiss Re International SE Singapore Branch (“Swiss Re”). 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

LY-1 at para 35.

It is unclear to me, and Li has not explained, why he needed to interpose
himself (through EF Marine) between the Company and Swiss Re and how the
Company benefitted, and what benefits EF Marine obtained, from this
arrangement. No agreement or document between EF Marine and Swiss Re was
exhibited in the Li Affidavit;

(c) the Thresh Affidavit sets out the chronology of the correspondence between
the Applicants and Li since October 2022, and details the categories of
information on the Company’s affairs which Li has to date failed to furnish.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

CT-1 at para 7.

I note that it is not the Non-Parties’ case that the said information has been
furnished – Li’s position (which the Applicants deny) is that he is being co-
operative, but the information requested is in China and he is wary of
contravening China’s regulations on the transfer of information out of China.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NPWS at para 67.

Li did obtain Chinese legal advice on these regulations and informed the
Applicants’ solicitors accordingly; 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

LY-1 at pp 73–84.

nevertheless, none of this shows that the Applicants acted dishonestly in
arguing that they received little co-operation from Li, such that a breach of
public policy should be found. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

LY-1 at paras 39–43.

In any event, there would be relevant information and documents in Singapore
(eg, with EF Marine) the disclosure of which would not be subject to Chinese
regulations; and

(d) the allegation that the Applicants are acting against the interests of the
Company’s creditors appears weak in the face of the Certificate issued by the
Supreme Court of Bermuda to support this application. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

MM-1 at pp 56–58.

49 I therefore dismiss the Non-Parties’ submission that the recognition of the
Proceeding and the Winding-Up Order would be contrary to public policy. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NPWS at para 6.

COMI

50 The Non-Parties argue that Bermuda is not the Company’s centre of main
interests (“COMI”) and that the Company did not have an establishment in
Bermuda. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NPWS at para 79.

Thus, they contend that the Proceedings are therefore neither a “foreign main
proceeding” nor a “foreign non-main proceeding” as defined under Art 2 of the
SG Model Law. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NPWS at paras 73, 79.

51 Under Art 16(3) of the SG Model Law, in the absence of proof to the
contrary, I am entitled to presume that the Company’s registered office is its
COMI.

52 The Applicants rely on the following factors in support of the argument
that Bermuda is the Company’s COMI: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AWS at para 55.

(a) the Company is a Bermuda-incorporated company which is regulated by the
BMA, and its last known address was in Bermuda;

(b) the Company’s statutory books and records, including its minute books and
share register, are in Bermuda; and

(c) the Applicants, who are based in Bermuda, have been dealing with the
Company’s affairs (including reviewing outstanding claims), liaising with the
Company’s underwriting agent and reinsurer, and providing updates to the BMA
and the Supreme Court of Bermuda.

53 I do not consider the third factor relevant – where the Applicants are
based or are carrying out their work does not matter; what is relevant is the
centre of gravity of the Company’s commercial activity when it was carrying on
business: Re Tantleff, Alan [2023] 3 SLR 250 at [45].

54 I note that the Company had no registered office at the time this
application was filed. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

LY-1 at para 62(e).

Moreover, when the Petition was filed, the Company had no PR, auditor or
corporate secretary in Bermuda as they had all resigned some time before. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

LY-1 at paras 21, 24; NPWS at para 77.

It is also not disputed that the Company did not have an office or employees
in Bermuda. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

LY-1 at para 62(d).

Neither is there evidence that it had assets in Bermuda, its only bank account
there having closed some time ago. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

LY-1 at para 28.

55 According to the Li Affidavit:

(a) the Company’s business operations were conducted from offices in China,
Ukraine and Russia; 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

LY-1 at para 62(e).

(b) the creditors of the Company, namely EF Marine, BSM and the brokers, were
not located in Bermuda. EF Marine was in Singapore, BSM was in the Marshall
Islands, and the brokers were located across the world; 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

LY-1 at para 62(b).

(c) the Company’s customers were vessel owners located across the world, the
majority of whom were from China. They were not from Bermuda; 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

LY-1 at para 62(c).

(d) the employees of the Company were employed in offices based in China,
Ukraine and Russia. There were no employees in Bermuda; 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

LY-1 at para 62(d).

and

(e) the Company’s reinsurer was Swiss Re, which operated from Singapore, along
with EF Marine as its general managing agent. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

LY-1 at para 63(f).

56 The Non-Parties therefore argue that the Company’s COMI was not in Bermuda,
nor did it have an establishment in Bermuda. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NPWS at para 78.

57 In response, the Applicants point out that it has been unable to ascertain
the facts in relation to the Company’s affairs and creditors because of Li’s
failure to co-operate – see [34] above.

58 I note that the Non-Parties, save for objecting to Bermuda, have not taken
the position on affidavit that there is another jurisdiction which is the
Company’s COMI based on objectively ascertainable and permanent factors.
Counsel for the Non-Parties submitted that the Li Affidavit suggested that the
COMI was in China, although he candidly admitted that this was not said
explicitly. I did not read the Li Affidavit to suggest that. It made broad
statements that the Company’s operations were run from offices in China,
Ukraine and Russia, and that the brokers and the majority of the shipowners
who were the Company’s customers were from China. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

LY-1 at para 62(b).

It is unclear to me, without more, how the mere location of the Company’s
creditors and customers was relevant to determining its COMI. Even if true, it
was not relevant to the question of where the Company’s business was
conducted.

59 In any case, Li did not furnish any objective evidence to support his
assertion that the Company conducted its business from China, Ukraine and
Russia, or that most of its customers are from China. Significantly, Li also
has not said where the assets of the Company are located, although he must
know this.

60 It is also unclear who the Company’s creditors are and where they reside.
The fact that the Company’s reinsurer (and the re-insurer’s agent) is in
Singapore is not material.

61 In the absence of other credible evidence, I find that the most important
factor is that the Company had run an insurance business which was licensed in
Bermuda and regulated by the BMA. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

LY-1 at para 9; MM-1 at p 34.

Some of its obligations under the law of Bermuda have been set out in the
Petition and the Morrison Affidavit, including filing statutory returns,
maintaining adequate accounting and record keeping systems, and having a PR.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

MM-1 at para 12, pp 23–28.

The centre of gravity of its commercial activity was therefore Bermuda.
Further, the Company’s statutory books and records, including its minute books
and share register, are in Bermuda, and its last known business address was in
Bermuda. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

MM-1 at para 16.

62 In the circumstances, I find that Bermuda is the Company’s COMI, and the
Proceeding must therefore be recognised under Art 17(2) of the SG Model Law as
a “foreign main proceeding”.

Whether the Singapore courts have jurisdiction to recognise the Winding‑Up
Order

63 In their further written submissions, the Non-Parties argued that Art 4 of
the SG Model Law was not satisfied and the Singapore courts therefore did not
have jurisdiction to recognise the Proceeding and the Winding-Up Order. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NPFWS at paras 9–13.

Art 4 of the SG Model Law states:

Article 4. Competent Court

1\. The functions mentioned in this Law relating to recognition of foreign
proceedings and cooperation with foreign courts are to be performed by the
General Division of the High Court in Singapore.

2\. Subject to paragraph 1 of this Article, the Court has jurisdiction in
relation to the functions mentioned in that paragraph if —

(a) the debtor —

(i) is or has been carrying on business within the meaning of section 366 of
the Companies Act 1967 in Singapore; or

(ii) has property situated in Singapore; or

(b) the Court considers for any other reason that it is the appropriate forum
to consider the question or provide the assistance requested.

64 The Applicants candidly admit that they do not have sufficient information
to establish either limb of Art 4(2)(a) of the SG Model Law. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AWS at para 45.

They therefore must satisfy Art 4(2)(b). The issue is the meaning and ambit of
Art 4(2)(b).

65 Article 4(2) is absent in the Model Law. However, there does not appear to
be any public statement on the reasons for its inclusion in the SG Model Law –
the Explanatory Statement in the Companies (Amendment) Bill 2017 (Bill No
13/2017) (“the CAB Explanatory Statement”) (which enacted the SG Model Law) is
silent in this regard.

66 Nevertheless, the CAB Explanatory Statement does state that the SG Model
Law contains the articles of the original Model Law, with modifications to
adapt them for application in Singapore, and is also adapted with
modifications from Schedule 1 to the Cross-Border Insolvency Regulations 2006
(SI 2006, No 1030) (UK) (“the UK Regulations”). The UK Regulations include an
Art 4(2) which is almost identical to that of the SG Model Law. Hence, it
appears that Art 4(2) of the SG Model Law was imported directly from the UK
Regulations. Article 4(2) of the UK Regulations reads as follows:

2\. Subject to paragraph 1 of this article, the court in either part of Great
Britain shall have jurisdiction in relation to the functions referred to in
that paragraph if—

(a) the debtor has—

(i) a place of business; or

(ii) in the case of an individual, a place of residence; or

(iii) assets,

situated in that part of Great Britain; or

(b) the court in that part of Great Britain considers for any other reason
that it is the appropriate forum to consider the question or provide the
assistance requested.

67 The Explanatory Memorandum to the UK Regulations is unfortunately also
silent on the reasons for the inclusion of Art 4(2)(b). The case of American
Energy Group Ltd v Hycarbex Asia Ltd [2014] EWHC 1091 (Ch) (“American Energy”)
sheds some light on this issue – the court there noted that Art 4(2) was not
meant to impose a jurisdictional requirement for the courts to perform the
functions relating to recognition of foreign proceedings. Rather, the
provision was only meant to allocate jurisdiction as between the courts of
England and Wales and the courts of Scotland: American Energy at [13].

68 That appears consistent with how Art 4(2) of the UK Regulations is worded.
However, in the recent decision of the English High Court in Lau Yu v Patrick
Cowley & Anor [2020] EWHC 2429 (Ch) (“Lau”), the court observed that Art 4(2)
may impose a jurisdictional requirement which must be satisfied together with
the requirements under Art 17(1): Lau at [8] and [10]. I note however, that
the court there did not engage in an analysis of Art 4(2) and American Energy
was not cited or referred to.

69 It is therefore doubtful whether Art 4(2) of the SG Model Law was intended
to impose a jurisdictional requirement. Indeed, Art 4 has the same header as
its Model Law equivalent, ie, “Competent Court”, which suggests it was only
intended to designate the national court to perform the function of
recognition. Nonetheless, each country is entitled to adapt and modify the
Model Law to suit its own circumstances and requirements (see the 2013 Guide
at para 20), and Art 4(2) of the SG Model Law must therefore be interpreted
with reference to its ordinary meaning and context: see Tan Cheng Bock v
Attorney-General [2017] 2 SLR 850 (“Tan Cheng Bock”) at [38]. On its plain
language, Arts 4(2)(a) and 4(2)(b) of the SG Model Law appear as disjunctive
jurisdictional requirements for the Singapore court to recognise foreign
proceedings.

70 Article 4(2)(a) is self-explanatory – it requires a tangible connection
between the debtor and Singapore in terms of business activity or assets. In
this regard, there is no specified minimum threshold, suggesting that a de
minimis connection may be sufficient.

71 That low threshold to establish jurisdiction is also evident in the
language used in Art 4(2)(b) – that the court “considers for any other reason
that it is the appropriate forum to consider the question or provide the
assistance requested” [emphasis added]. However, while this discretion is
broad, it obviously cannot be unfettered. It is trite that statutory
interpretation in Singapore follows the purposive approach – ie, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law is to be preferred: see s 9A of the Interpretation Act 1965 (2020 Rev Ed)
and Tan Cheng Bock at [35]. Thus, Art 4(2)(b) must be interpreted in a manner
which enables the court to find jurisdiction where the recognition of the
foreign proceedings will advance the purpose of the SG Model Law.

72 The Preamble to the SG Model Law provides that the purpose of the SG Model
Law is to provide effective mechanisms for dealing with cases of cross‑border
insolvency so as to promote the objectives of, inter alia:

(a) co-operation between the courts and other competent authorities of
Singapore and foreign States involved in cases of cross‑border insolvency;

(b) fair and efficient administration of cross‑border insolvencies that
protects the interests of all creditors and other interested persons,
including the debtor; and

(c) protection and maximisation of the value of the debtor’s property.

73 This is reinforced by the observations of the court in Ascentra Holdings at
[64] that the Model Law is designed to provide a harmonised approach to the
treatment of cross-border insolvency proceedings in national legal systems; to
facilitate co-operation between courts and office holders involved in the same
insolvency across different jurisdictions; to provide for the recognition of
proceedings and the consequences of such recognition; and to afford direct
access by foreign representatives of such companies to the courts of the
enacting state. These concerns arise not only in the context of an insolvent
company, but also for a company undergoing solvent liquidation: Ascentra
Holdings at [65].

74 I find that Singapore is the appropriate forum to provide the assistance
requested in this case and that Art 4(2)(b) is therefore satisfied. The
application is intended, inter alia, to facilitate the Applicants requesting
and receiving from third parties, including but not limited to the former
directors of the Company, documents and information concerning the Company’s
affairs, and to take legal proceedings in Singapore to enable the Applicants
to locate, protect, secure and take into their possession and control all
assets and property within Singapore to which the Company is or appears to be
entitled. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

HC/OA 697/2023 at para 4.

These ends accord with the SG Model Law’s objectives of promoting the fair and
efficient administration of cross-border liquidations that protects the
interests of all creditors and other interested persons, as well as the
protection and maximisation of the debtor’s property.

75 Li is a Singapore citizen residing in Singapore. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

LY-1 at p 2.

He is the principal owner and director of the Company. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

LY-1 at para 1.

It cannot be seriously disputed that he has knowledge of, and access to,
information and documents relating to the Company’s affairs. Further, premiums
payable to the Company on policies it issued were paid to EF Marine, which is
based in Singapore and owned and controlled by Li. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

LY-1 at para 35, p 2.

Li claims that EF Marine was receiving the premiums as the agent of Swiss Re,
which is also based in Singapore. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

LY-1 at para 32.

The Applicants should be allowed to investigate this claim and how the
payments were dealt with. It is therefore reasonable to expect that the
relevant persons, documents and information are available in Singapore. I have
also outlined at [48(c)] above the evidence of the Applicant’s unsuccessful
efforts to obtain documents and information on the Company’s affairs from Li.
Clearly, it would be appropriate for this court to assist the Applicants to
properly discharge their role as joint provisional liquidators and exercise
their powers conferred under the Petition.

76 In his oral arguments, counsel for the Non-Parties argued that there is
nothing to stop the Applicants from initiating fresh proceedings to obtain
information and documents from Li or EF Marine, if they can establish their
relevance to the Winding-Up Order. This submission appears to contradict the
Non-Parties’ earlier concern that the Applicants were incurring unnecessary
costs. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

LY-1 at paras 49, 57, 59.

Recognising the Proceeding and the Winding-Up Order would enable the
Applicants to discharge their duties in a more timely and cost-efficient
manner. If Li is genuinely co-operative and concerned about costs as he claims
to be, he should have nothing to be concerned about.

The standing of the provisional liquidators

77 Finally, the Non-Parties argued in further submissions that the Applicants
lacked standing to bring the application because their appointment as
permanent liquidators had not been confirmed to date by the creditors and
contributories of the Company, in breach of the timeline set by the Supreme
Court of Bermuda. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NPFWS-2 at para 7.

They pointed out that under Bermudan law, provisional liquidators are
typically confirmed as permanent liquidators in the first meeting of the
debtor’s creditors and contributories. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NPFWS-2 at para 8.

Clause 5 of the Winding-Up Order by the Supreme Court of Bermuda dated 28
October 2022 stipulated that the period for convening this first meeting “is
hereby extended for three (3) months from the date of this Order”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NPFWS-2 at para 9; MM-1 at p 53.

However, the Non-Parties noted that the Applicants had not adduced any
evidence either that the Supreme Court of Bermuda had extended this timeline
or appointed them as permanent liquidators notwithstanding that the first
meeting of creditors had yet to be held. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NPFWS-2 at para 9.

78 This argument was only raised by the Non-Parties in further submissions and
not in their affidavits. I note that counsel for the Applicants represented
from the Bar that the deadline for convening the first meeting of creditors
had been extended by the Supreme Court of Bermuda to 30 April 2024. In any
case, there was no suggestion that the Applicants’ powers under the Winding-Up
Order were affected by the fact that they had not been confirmed as permanent
liquidators. They were therefore still “foreign representatives” within the
meaning of Art 2(i) of the SG Model Law.

Conclusion

79 In the circumstances, all requirements for the recognition of the foreign
proceedings are met. I therefore allow the application.

80 Given that a substantial part of the Non-Parties’ objections was made
before the Court of Appeal’s decision in Ascentra Holdings, and that the first
hearing was adjourned to allow the Applicants to file the Howard Affidavit, it
is only fair that I make no order for costs against the Non-Parties and for
the Applicants’ costs be paid out of the assets of the Company as an expense
of the liquidation.

Hri Kumar Nair  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Siraj Omar SC, Allister Brendan Tan Yu Kuan, Joelle Tan and Tan Shih Rong
Robbie (Drew & Napier LLC) for the applicants;

Mohamed Ibrahim s/o Mohamed Yakub, Low Shi Hou and Yasmin Binte Abdullah
(Achievers LLC) for the non-parties.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Nov 2023 (10:29 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

