Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 233

Suit No 819 of 2021

Between

| Khoo Jee Chek  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Lim Beng Tiong  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Trusts — Constructive trusts]

[Trusts — Resulting trusts — Presumed resulting trusts — Whether monetary
contributions towards ancillary costs of purchasing property should be taken
into account in determining parties’ respective beneficial shares in that
property]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Khoo Jee Chek

  
v

  

Lim Beng Tiong

[2023] SGHC 233

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 819 of 2021  
Audrey Lim J  
24 August 2022; 7–10, 13 March, 5 May 2023

23 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

Audrey Lim J:

1 The plaintiff, Mr Khoo (“Khoo”) and the defendant, Mr Lim (“Lim”), whom I
will refer to collectively as the parties, are the registered joint tenants of
a two-storey commercial property (the “Property”) in a development called
“T-Space”. Khoo claims the parties hold the Property beneficially in equal
shares. Lim, however, claims he is the sole beneficial owner; alternatively,
that he beneficially owns 99% of the Property with only 1% owned by Khoo.

Background

2 Khoo owns a money-changing and remittance business, Haratan Services Pte Ltd
(“Haratan”), which is located at City Plaza, Singapore. He first met Lim in
2016, at Lim’s shop at Katong Shopping Centre, where Lim sold Buddhist statues
and religious items (the “Shop”). Lim is also the founder and owner of a
temple (the “Temple”), which was at that time located at his residence. On
Lim’s invitation, Khoo started visiting the Temple for worship and
volunteering there regularly. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Khoo’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Khoo’s AEIC”) at [6]–[9]; Defence and
Counterclaim (“Defence”) at [4]; 7/3/23 Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 81 and 86.

3 Khoo claims that in January or February 2017, Lim approached him to jointly
purchase a commercial property to be used as premises for the Temple and told
Khoo that it would a be a “50/50 investment”. Lim told him that in helping to
set up a temple, he would be rewarded by the deities and receive a lot of
merits. Khoo said he would consider the proposal, and subsequently agreed to
jointly purchase the Property “based on [his] understanding” that he and Lim
would contribute to the Property equally and own it in equal shares. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [15]–[18] and [22]; 24/8/22 NE 60–61.

4 Lim, however, claims in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that it
was at a meeting of the committee members of the Temple in June 2017 that he
made known his intention to purchase a property to use as premises for the
Temple and the Shop. Ms Angeline Teo (“Angeline”), a volunteer at the Temple
and a real estate agent, assisted him to look for suitable premises. In August
2017, Angeline accompanied Khoo to view the show flat for T-Space whereupon he
expressed his interest in purchasing a unit there. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Lim’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“Lim’s AEIC”) at [11]–[14].

Angeline informed him that, based on his financial position, he would not be
able on his own to obtain a bank loan sufficient to cover the purchase price,
and suggested that he purchase the Property jointly with Khoo to obtain the
loan. Lim claims that after Angeline spoke to Khoo, Khoo agreed to do so
purely to help Lim obtain the bank loan but Khoo would not be responsible to
contribute to the purchase of the Property. Hence, Lim and Khoo agreed to hold
the Property as tenants-in-common in the share of 99 to 1 respectively. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Lim’s AEIC at [14]–[15]; 10/3/23 NE 28.

5 On 9 August 2017, Khoo went for the first time to view T-Space with Lim, and
they decided to purchase the Property. The Option to Purchase (“OTP”) was
issued on that day by the developer (“Goldprime”). The purchase price of the
Property of $700,000 was subsequently financed by a loan of $560,000 (ie, 80%
of the purchase price) from OCBC Bank secured by a mortgage over the Property
(the “Loan”). Khoo and Lim signed the Loan agreement as the joint borrowers. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [23]–[25]; Lim’s AEIC at [18]; 24/8/22 NE 65 and 93; 7/3/23 NE
103–104; 1AB 29–32; 1AB 51–59; Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) (“SOC”) at
[8]; Defence at [10].

6 Lim claims that he, Khoo, Angeline and Mr Henry Hoe (“Henry”) were present
at Goldprime’s site office when the OTP was issued. Henry is also a volunteer
at the Temple and resides at Lim’s residence; and he had driven Lim to T-Space
that day. Lim also claims that it was discussed that he would make all
payments towards the purchase price of the Property, and that Khoo was very
vocal in emphasising that he would not be responsible for making any payments.
6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Lim’s AEIC at [11] and [18]; 9/3/23 NE 3.

Khoo denies there was any discussion or agreement on 9 August 2017 that Lim
would make all payments towards the Property and that Khoo would merely
receive a 1% share in it. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [27]–[28].

It is undisputed that it was at the viewing of T-Space on 9 August 2017, that
Lim first suggested to Khoo the idea of using the first floor of the Property
for his Shop and the second floor for the Temple. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [24]; 7/3/23 NE 105.

7 The sale and purchase agreement (the “SPA”) was signed by the parties on 15
September 2017 at the office of Capital Law Corporation (“CLC”), which acted
for them in the purchase of the Property (“15/9/17 Meeting”). The parties also
signed a Confirmation of Manner of Holding document (“Manner of Holding
Document”), which stated that they held the Property as joint tenants. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1AB 60–108 and 178; Khoo’s AEIC at [33]; Lim’s AEIC at [21]; 10/3/23 NE 14.

The Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”) for the Property was issued on 26 June
2018, and the Property has been used by Lim as premises for the Temple and
Shop since around July 2018. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1AB 306 and 309; Khoo’s AEIC at [79]; Lim’s AEIC at [45]; 7/3/23 NE 64–65 and
68.

8 On or around 14 October 2018, the parties had a disagreement on matters
relating to the Temple. Khoo decided to stop volunteering and being involved
at the Temple, and he also no longer wished to be an owner of the Property. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [82]–[83]; Lim’s AEIC at [48]; 7/3/23 NE 37, 81; 8/3/23 NE 6.

Although Certificate of Statutory Completion for the Property was issued on 19
October 2018, the parties decided to wait for three years from its purchase
before removing Khoo’s name as an owner, to avoid incurring the seller’s stamp
duty. Subsequently, in December 2020, Lim arranged with his cousin, Ms Sally
Ng (“Sally”), to replace Khoo as the joint owner of the Property as he could
not obtain refinancing in his sole name. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1AB 348–350; Khoo’s AEIC at [84] and [90]; Lim’s AEIC at [51] and [60]; 8/3/23
NE 6; 10/3/23 NE 46.

9 As Lim was taking some time to resolve the matter and Khoo wanted his name
to be removed from the Property, Khoo chased Lim on this issue and
subsequently instructed his lawyers from Nakoorsha Law Corporation (“NLC”) on
26 July 2021 to propose to Lim that the Property be sold in the open market
and the net sale proceeds be divided equally between the parties. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [93]–[100].

10 Various communications ensued between the parties, including the following.
On 16 August 2021, NLC informed Lim to resolve the matter without further
delay, failing which legal action might be taken. On 18 October 2021 (shortly
after Khoo commenced this suit), Lim informed NLC that he had secured a loan
from OCBC Bank and that he wanted to discuss with Khoo the steps to transfer
Khoo’s “nominated shares” from the Property. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

3AB 1021–1025; Khoo’s AEIC at [103]; Lim’s AEIC at [68]–[69].

On 19 October 2021, NLC responded to dispute that Khoo was merely a nominee
owner of the Property or that his interest was equivalent to “nominated
shares”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

3AB 1026–1027; Khoo’s AEIC at [104]; Lim’s AEIC at [70].

On 25 October 2021, Lim informed NLC that there was a prior verbal agreement
between the parties that Khoo would be given “nominated shares” to assist Lim
in obtaining the bank loan, and that Lim and Khoo held the Property as
tenants-in-common in proportion of 99 to 1 respectively. Khoo claims this was
the first time Lim had taken the position that the parties were tenants-in-
common with Lim having a 99% beneficial interest in the Property. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [105]; Lim’s AEIC at [71]; 3AB 1028–1030.

The parties’ causes of action

11 Khoo pleads that the parties agreed to purchase the Property jointly and
share in the profits and/or rental income equally, and seeks an order for the
sale of the Property and for the sale proceeds to be divided equally with Lim.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at [6] and prayers (1) and (3).

In court, Mr Nakoorsha (Khoo’s counsel) clarified Khoo’s claim to be based on
a common intention constructive trust that the parties would hold the Property
in equal shares. But in closing submissions, he submitted that Khoo is not
relying on a common intention constructive trust per se, but rather on the
evidence which shows the parties had the common intention or agreement to own
the Property as legal and beneficial joint tenants. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

24/8/22 NE 5; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at [48].

12 Lim pleads that it was the common intention between the parties that he
would make all payments towards the purchase of the Property and its related
expenses; and that the parties agreed that Khoo would own only 1% of the
Property (with Lim owning 99%) because he would assist Lim to apply for the
bank loan. Alternatively, a presumption of resulting trust arises such that
they hold the Property as tenants-in-common in shares proportionate to their
respective contributions towards the acquisition of the Property. In this
regard, Lim claims he made all the payments towards the purchase of, and
expenses related to, the Property. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defence at [6], [26] and [27], and prayers (1) and (2).

13 In closing submissions, Mr Lim (Lim’s counsel) took the position (in light
of the evidence) that there was no oral agreement as to the beneficial
shareholding of the Property. As the Manner of Holding Document reflected the
parties held the Property as joint tenants, Lim acknowledges that the parties
did not follow through with the initial agreement, which (as Lim claims) was
that he would have a 99% share in the Property. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at [40]–[43].

Mr Lim, however, submits there is sufficient evidence of the parties’
respective financial contributions to the Property, and the court should thus
apply the analysis of a presumed resulting trust instead. Mr Lim submits that
Lim had made all the payments pertaining to the Property and he should thus
hold 100% of the beneficial interest in it. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DCS at [99].

14 Although Khoo claims he is not relying on a common intention constructive
trust, his case is underpinned by an alleged agreement (or common intention)
between the parties on the legal and beneficial ownership of the Property. I
understand Khoo’s submission to mean that the beneficial ownership of the
Property should follow its legal ownership, and that there is no reason to
depart from this. If so, in the present case, the purported common intention
between the parties would be given effect to in equity through a common
intention constructive trust to establish the parties’ respective beneficial
shares in the Property. Therefore, Khoo essentially relies on a common
intention constructive trust, in the form of an agreement with Lim as to their
beneficial interest; whilst Lim eventually relies on a presumed resulting
trust. Both parties further submit that if they are unable to prove their
respective claims of an agreement or common intention on the shareholding of
the Property, the applicable legal test in Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014]
3 SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”) (see [16] below) should be adopted to determine
the beneficial interest in the Property. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PCS at [55]; DCS at [7] and [44].

The law

15 The remedy of a common intention constructive trust is applied where it is
clear there is a common intention among the parties as to how their beneficial
interests are to be held (Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another
[2016] 3 SLR 1222 (“Su Emmanuel”) at [83]). The common intention (which may`
subsist either at, or subsequent to, the time the property was acquired) can
be express or inferred, and of which there must be sufficient and compelling
evidence. The court cannot impute a common intention to the parties where one
does not exist. However, in the absence of any evidence of a common intention
between the parties as to how the beneficial interest in a property is to be
held, the resulting trust remains the default analysis (Su Emmanuel at [83],
citing Chan Yuen Lan at [158], [160(b)] and [160(f)]).

16 Where parties have contributed unequal amounts towards the purchase price
of a property and who have not executed a declaration of trust as to how the
beneficial interest in it is to be apportioned, it is not uncommon for claims
of both a common intention constructive trust and a resulting trust to be
made. The general approach in determining how the beneficial interest in a
property is to be apportioned was laid down in Chan Yuen Lan (at [160]) which,
for the purposes of this suit, sets out the framework as follows:

(a) If there is sufficient evidence of the parties’ respective financial
contributions to the purchase price of the property, the parties are presumed
to hold the beneficial interest in the property in proportion to their
respective contributions (ie, the presumption of a resulting trust arises).

(b) Despite (a) above, if there is sufficient evidence of a common intention
that the parties should hold the beneficial interest in the property in a
proportion different from that set out at (a), the parties will hold the
beneficial interest in accordance with that common intention instead.

(c) However, if there is insufficient evidence to establish a resulting trust
as in (a) above or a common intention constructive trust as in (b) above, then
the parties will hold the beneficial interest in the property in the manner in
which they hold the legal interest.

17 Whilst the approach in Chan Yuen Lan starts with analysing the existence of
a presumed resulting trust, before examining if a common intention
constructive trust had arisen, it is not the case that the analysis must
always proceed in this sequence. This is especially if the parties put forward
their foremost claim as premised on a common intention constructive trust and
which, if proved, would under the Chan Yuen Lan framework negate the presumed
resulting trust.

18 As Khoo relies on a purported oral agreement that the Property would be
held in equal shares with Lim, I begin by considering whether there was such
an agreement and the common intention constructive trust.

Khoo’s claim

19 Khoo’s case, as attested to in his AEIC, is premised on an oral agreement
with Lim to jointly purchase the Property, on the understanding that they
would both contribute to, and own, the Property in equal proportions (the
“Oral Agreement”) (see [3] above). I find there is insufficient evidence of
the existence of the Oral Agreement, for the reasons below.

Discussions prior to the purchase of the Property in August 2017

20 First, it is unclear from Khoo’s case whether such an Oral Agreement
existed, or when it was formed, in relation to the Property.

21 Khoo asserts in his AEIC that sometime in January or February 2017, Lim
approached him and suggested that they “put in funds” towards the purchase of
a property to be used as the Temple, and that it would be a “50/50” investment
(the “First Conversation”). Khoo claims he did not agree to this proposal at
that time, and that Lim followed up on his proposal with Khoo several times.
However, Khoo stated in court that they had not discussed the parties’
respective financial contributions in relation to the purchase of a property
at these meetings or conversations. In court, Khoo claimed that just before
they started looking for a property together (which would have been after at
least three conversations on the topic of jointly purchasing a property), they
had then spoken about both parties making financial contributions towards its
purchase in equal shares. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

24/8/22 NE 59–60.

But it is unclear when this conversation took place. Khoo then shifted his
account and claimed that Lim had, at the First Conversation, already told him
that each party would contribute equally to the purchase price of the
Property. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

24/8/22 NE 61.

Khoo’s testimony shows that he himself was unclear as to when the Oral
Agreement came about or what its terms were.

22 Khoo also claims in his AEIC that he had subsequently told Lim that he was
agreeable to jointly purchase the Property, which conversation had taken place
before they viewed the Property (the “Last Conversation”). He claims that he
agreed to purchase the Property “based on [his] understanding” that the
parties would contribute equally to the purchase price and own the Property
beneficially in equal shares. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [22]; 24/8/22 NE 63.

This “understanding”, if true, could only have been based on what had
transpired at the purported First Conversation, which would have occurred long
before the parties viewed the Property. As Khoo claimed in court, Lim had
mentioned the “50/50” investment and shareholding only once, namely during the
First Conversation. However, he then prevaricated and claimed that Lim had
also expressly informed him at the Last Conversation that they would
contribute equally to the purchase price and own the Property in equal shares,
before backpedalling to claim that this had not happened and that his belief
was merely based on his own understanding. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

24/8/22 NE 61–63.

23 Khoo’s own testimony, which was unclear and inconsistent, undermines his
credibility in relation to the existence of the Oral Agreement. Even by his
own case, the alleged common intention or agreement was based on his own
assumptions derived from the very First Conversation, as opposed to any
express agreement between the parties when they finally agreed to purchase the
Property together.

Events at CLC’s office on 15 September 2017

24 Second, the Manner of Holding Document stating that the parties held the
Property as joint tenants, which Khoo relies on for his half-share in the
Property, does not support his case of the Oral Agreement.

25 Khoo claims that during the 15/9/17 Meeting at CLC’s office, before the
parties signed the Manner of Holding Document, the lawyer and her secretary
explained the document to the parties, including that a joint tenancy meant
that the parties would own the Property in equal shares. The parties then
allegedly confirmed their intention to hold the Property in equal shares. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Further and Better Particulars of the Reply (dated 28 December 2021); Khoo’s
AEIC at [35].

However, in cross-examination, Khoo claimed that it was actually the secretary
who had explained the document, and further claimed that he and Lim had, in
the lawyer’s and the secretary’s presence, confirmed that they would hold the
Property beneficially in equal shares. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

24/8/22 NE 94.

However, Khoo has not called either the lawyer or the secretary to corroborate
his case.

26 In any event, the Manner of Holding Document does not support the alleged
common intention as claimed by Khoo. The document, which Khoo claims was read
and interpreted in Mandarin to the parties, clearly states that tenants-in-
common hold distinct and separate shares in the property with no right of
survivorship; whilst each joint tenant in a joint tenancy holds the whole
property with a right of survivorship.

27 However, that the right of survivorship operates upon the demise of either
party, does not mean that the parties evinced a common intention to share the
Property beneficially in equal shares, while they were still alive. The
passage from Neo Hui Ling v Ang Ah Siew [2012] 2 SLR 831 at [39] is
instructive:

The intended consequences of the rule of survivorship operate after the death
of one tenant, and say nothing whatsoever about what should happen while both
tenants are alive. This is not to say that the rule of survivorship is
incompatible with an intention that the joint tenants should also hold the
property beneficially during their lifetimes. What this means is that the rule
of survivorship sheds no light on the tenants’ intentions as to their
beneficial interests in the property while both are alive.

28 Hence, where co-owners have contributed unequal amounts towards the
purchase price of a property, the apportionment of the beneficial interest in
the property upon the death of one party should still be determined according
to the framework set out in Chan Yuen Lan. In sum, the parties’ alleged
decision to be legal joint tenants is thus equivocal at best. It is also
unlikely that they had intended that one party would own the Property wholly
on the other party’s demise. Likewise, that both parties are jointly and
severally liable for the whole sum of the outstanding mortgage or the Loan
also does not support a common intention between them to hold the beneficial
interest of the Property in equal shares. Khoo and Lim were merely friends,
who had known each other for less than two years before they purchased the
Property. That militates against an inference of a common intention between
them to hold the beneficial interest in equal shares when they have
contributed unequal amounts towards the purchase of the Property or its
mortgage repayments.

Parties’ respective financial contributions

29 Importantly, the documentary evidence shows that Lim contributed
significantly more to the purchase of the Property. In this regard, the court
may take into account the parties’ subsequent conduct in determining whether
there is a common intention, with the appropriate weight to be given to such
evidence (Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo Suan and another and other appeals [2017] 1
SLR 654 at [110]).

30 Lim contributed significantly more to the purchase of the Property even
before the mortgage repayments were first made in November 2017 and before the
TOP was obtained on 26 June 2018. I examine the parties’ respective
contributions up to December 2017 (including Khoo’s contribution in terms of
repaying the monthly mortgage repayments in November and December 2017) by way
of illustration. I use this timeframe to assess the parties’ respective
contributions as Khoo alleges that the parties agreed that his half share of
the contribution towards the purchase of the Property, after Khoo had made the
first two mortgage repayments, would be offset by imputing rent of the
Property to Lim. As Lim had sole use of the Property, Khoo claims that they
thus agreed that his 50% contribution to the purchase of the Property was to
grant Lim sole use of it without collecting rent from Lim, whilst Lim’s 50%
contribution to the purchase of the Property was to pay the monthly mortgage
repayments (the “Rental Agreement”). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

7/3/23 NE 68; Khoo’s AEIC at [77]–[78].

I will deal with the purported Rental Agreement later.

Four cheques issued by Lim in August and September 2017 totalling $165,400

31 It is not disputed that Lim issued the following four cheques for the
purchase of the Property, amounting to $165,400:

(a) On 9 August 2017, when the OTP was issued, Lim issued two cheques payable
to Goldprime for the 5% booking fee of $35,000, plus 7% in goods and services
tax (“GST”) of $2,450 respectively. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

1AB 415; Lim’s AEIC at [18(b)].

(b) On 1 September 2017, Lim issued a cheque for $15,600 payable to the
Commissioner of Stamp Duties for the purchase of the Property, and a cheque
for $112,350 payable to Goldprime, being the 15% exercise fee of the purchase
price of the Property plus 7% GST. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1AB 416–417; Lim’s AEIC at [20].

32 In relation to [31(a)] above, Khoo claimed in court that on 9 August 2017,
during the viewing of T-Space, he and Lim orally agreed that they would
contribute equally to the booking fee, and that Lim would pay first while Khoo
would reimburse him 50% of the fee subsequently. However, I disbelieve that
this oral agreement had occurred. It was not mentioned in Khoo’s AEIC. It is
also convenient that, at the time of the purported conversation, Khoo claimed
that he and Lim had been alone, despite Khoo having claimed that Angeline and
Goldprime’s property agent had also been present during the viewing. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

24/8/22 NE 72–73.

33 In any event, when queried further as to when Khoo had purportedly
reimbursed Lim for his half share towards the relevant payments, Khoo claimed
that he had withdrawn three sums from Haratan’s bank account on 15, 18 and 20
September 2017 of $10,000, $10,000 and $5,000 respectively, and had then
handed the cash to Lim. However, Khoo concedes there was no evidence to show
that he had passed the three sums of cash to Lim. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

24/8/22 NE 73–74 and 76; 3 PB 423.

Although he stated these sums in his AEIC as his contributions to the
Property, he was curiously silent on what they represented and did not state
that they pertained to the booking fee. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [57] and [66].

In any event, 50% of the booking fee and the corresponding GST do not amount
to $25,000. In court Khoo admitted he did not know the purpose of his
purported payment of $25,000 to Lim, other than to claim that it pertained to
the Property. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

24/8/22 NE 87.

Hence, Khoo has not shown on balance that he had given $25,000 to Lim, much
less that it was for the purposes of the Property, or that there was an
agreement on 9 August 2017 that Lim would pay the booking fee and Khoo would
reimburse Lim for his half share subsequently.

34 Further, although Khoo claimed in court that he had withdrawn cash on
various occasions in September 2017 to reimburse Lim for his half share of the
expenses at [31(b)] above, Khoo agreed there was no evidence to support this.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

24/8/22 NE 87 and 90.

35 Hence, I find that the payments at [31] above were made by Lim wholly, with
no contribution from Khoo despite his claim otherwise.

Two cheques issued by Khoo on 15 September 2017 totalling $5,121

36 On 15 September 2017, Khoo issued two cheques totalling $5,121 as follows:
(a) a cheque for $4,900 payable to Goldprime for 7% GST payable on a progress
payment for the Property; and (b) a cheque for $221 payable to CLC for its
fees and disbursements pertaining to the Property. This was pursuant to a
letter from CLC on 14 September 2017 requesting for the payments. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1AB 170 and 418; Khoo’s AEIC at [45(a)], [45(b)], [47(a)], [47(b)].

However, Lim claims that he repaid Khoo the sum of $5,121.

37 I reject Lim’s claim and find that Khoo had made these payments.

38 Lim’s claim is unsupported by any evidence. Also, his account as to how and
when he had reimbursed Khoo is internally inconsistent. In his AEIC, he states
that at the 15/9/17 Meeting, he forgot to bring his cheque book; as Khoo had
his cheque book with him, Khoo issued the two cheques while, on the next day,
Lim returned these sums to him in cash. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Lim’s AEIC at [24]–[25].

However, in court, after having had sight of Khoo’s bank statements (which
shows cash of $5,100 had been deposited into Khoo’s bank account on 15
September 2017), Lim then claimed that he recalled having handed Khoo $5,100
in cash at the 15/9/17 Meeting. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

8/3/23 NE 27–30.

39 Moreover, Lim’s explanation for his sudden recollection of events is
unconvincing. Lim claimed that “coincidentally” he had the cash with him
because he had collected that sum of cash from a customer of his Shop that
morning. Lim also claimed that his cheque book was in the car “parked
downstairs”. Hence, he had asked Khoo to pay first, but Khoo said that he did
not have money in his bank account. Lim thus told Khoo to issue the cheque and
that he would pay Khoo in cash, which Lim did “on the spot”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

3PB 46; 8/3/23 NE 28–29.

Lim’s explanation is hard to believe. Aside from the sheer coincidence that he
simply happened to have enough cash on him to pay Khoo “on the spot”, it makes
little sense for Lim to ask Khoo for such a favour when he could have easily
retrieved his own cheque book. Hence, I find that Lim was constructing an
account in court, based on Khoo’s bank statements. Regardless, while Khoo’s
bank statement reflects a sum of $5,100 deposited on 15 September 2017, Lim
has not proved that he had handed Khoo $5,100 that day (or subsequently) or
that the $5,100 deposited in Khoo’s bank account emanated from Lim.

Two purported cash payments by Khoo in September and October 2017 totalling
$30,000

40 Next, Khoo claims that he gave Lim, in cash, the following sums as his
contributions to the Property, namely: (a) $20,000 around 16 September 2017;
and (b) $10,000 around 10 October 2017. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [61] and [64].

41 Khoo claims he handed Lim cash for his share of the payments pertaining to
the Property, but he did not keep track of these payments, relying on Lim to
do so. However, there were times when he issued payment vouchers to Lim for
this purpose. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [49] and [52]–[54].

42 In relation to the sum of $20,000, Khoo relies on Haratan’s payment voucher
dated 16 September 2017, which reflects this sum was paid to Lim (“Haratan’s
16/9/17 Voucher”). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [61]; 2PB 4.

Lim accepts that he received $20,000 from Khoo as reflected in that voucher
which he signed but claims that Khoo was partially repaying him for owing him
money for goods that Khoo had purchased from his Shop. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Lim’s AEIC at [8]–[9].

43 I find that Haratan’s 16/9/17 Voucher does not support that Khoo had handed
Lim $20,000 for the Property; rather, the voucher supports Lim’s narrative
that it was payment for goods Khoo purchased from the Shop. Haratan’s 16/9/17
Voucher expressly states the purpose was “payment for good[s]”. This
description was typed by Mr Max Ong (“Max”), Haratan’s employee, and was
approved by Khoo. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

7/3/23 NE 3–4.

One would have thought that if the sums reflected therein were for the purpose
of the Property (as Khoo claims), Khoo would have ensured the description in
the voucher was accurate. Further, that Khoo had purchased goods from the Shop
is not disputed by him. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

24/8/22 NE 19–23; 7/3/23 NE 3.

Khoo could have called Max to attest to this voucher and its purpose, but he
did not.

44 Additionally, Khoo, who had written the rest of the voucher, could not give
a coherent explanation of its contents. In court, he stated that the words
“$10,000. At OCBC Bank under [Khoo]” meant that $10,000 had been deposited
into his bank account to pay for the Property. However, he also claimed that
only $10,000 (of the $20,000 reflected in Haratan’s 16/9/17 Voucher) had been
handed to Lim specifically for the Property, whilst the other $10,000 was for
Lim’s purposes but Lim had told him that he would then use it to pay for the
Property later. When asked to clarify, Khoo stated that he could not recall
and that he did not know whether $10,000 had been deposited into his own bank
account or even how he had handed the moneys to Lim. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

7/3/23 NE 6–7, 9–11.

45 Turning to the $10,000 purportedly handed by Khoo to Lim on 10 October
2017, Khoo relies on a Haratan cash voucher of that date (“Haratan’s 10/10/17
Voucher”), which he claims to have issued to Lim and that Lim signed. Lim
denies the authenticity of the voucher or that he received this $10,000. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

2PB 6; Khoo’s AEIC at [64]; Lim’s AEIC at [10]; 7/3/23 NE 15–17; 8/3/23 NE 49.

46 I find that Khoo has not proved that he handed $10,000 to Lim on 10 October
2017. Haratan’s 10/10/17 Voucher does not state the purpose of the payment,
and curiously, Lim’s purported signature therein is completely different from
his signatures on other payment vouchers Khoo issued to him (including
Haratan’s 16/9/17 Voucher). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

1AB 426; 2PB 4, 2PB 8 and 8A.

Strangely, Khoo claimed that all the words on Haratan’s 10/10/17 Voucher,
including the figure of “$10,000”, were written by Lim. I thus find the
voucher was fabricated by Khoo.

47 In sum, I find Khoo’s claim, of having handed Lim $20,000 on around 16
September 2017 and $10,000 on around 10 October 2017 for the purposes of the
Property, is not made out.

Monthly mortgage repayments for November and December 2017 by Khoo

48 It is undisputed that the first two monthly mortgage repayments, in
November and December 2017 of $533.97 each, were made by Khoo by direct debit
from an OCBC Bank account in the names of Khoo and Max. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

7/3/23 NE 59–61.

49 On 22 August 2017, OCBC Bank extended the Loan of $560,000 to the parties.
Khoo claims that the parties attempted to open a joint account at OCBC Bank
for the purpose of the mortgage repayments, but this was rejected as the bank
deemed Khoo to be a high-risk customer due to his business as a remittance
service provider and money changer. He thus made the first two mortgage
repayments. Lim, however, claims that he handed cash to Khoo to make the
November and December 2017 mortgage repayments. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [75]–[76]; 7/3/23 NE 63; 8/3/23 NE 50.

50 I find that Lim has failed to prove that he had given Khoo money or
reimbursed Khoo for the mortgage repayments. Lim admits there was no evidence
to substantiate his claim and he was unable to recall when he had purportedly
handed Khoo money in this regard. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

8/3/23 NE 51; Joint Table of Payments in Nakoorsha Law Corporation’s letter
dated 19 April 2023 (“Joint Table of Payments”) at s/ns 7 and 8 of “Payments
made by the Defendant”.

That Khoo made these payments ultimately from his joint account with Max does
not affect my finding that the party who made the payments is Khoo, and not
Lim.

Cheque of $4,900 issued by Lim on 8 December 2017

51 On 8 December 2017, Lim issued a cheque for $4,900 in favour of Goldprime
for payment of 7% GST on a progress payment that was due. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1AB 266 and 419; Lim’s AEIC at [35].

I find that this payment was wholly made by Lim. Khoo’s claim, that he
reimbursed half of this amount to Lim subsequently, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Joint Table of Payments at s/n 6 of “Payments made by the Defendant”.

is entirely unsubstantiated.

Conclusion

52 As can be seen, Lim’s contributions to the purchase of the Property (at the
time of its purchase and shortly after) were significantly more than Khoo’s.
This is even if ancillary payments (such as for GST, stamp duty or legal
costs) were disregarded and Khoo’s contributions through the monthly mortgage
repayments for November and December 2017 were considered. Pertinently, Lim
paid the 5% booking fee and the next 15% of the purchase price to exercise the
option to purchase the Property. Suffice to say, the unequal contributions by
the respective parties militate against the existence of the Oral Agreement.

Events after the parties fell out in October 2018

53 Finally, the conversations between the parties, after they fell out on
around 14 October 2018 and Khoo indicated to Lim that he wanted to remove his
name from the Property (see [8] above), do not show Khoo to have made a claim
to an equal share of the Property. This casts further doubts on Khoo’s
assertion of the Oral Agreement.

54 On 25 October 2018, Khoo sent a voice message to Lim, stating that he
“[had] received [CLC’s] letter stating that your T-Space had been completed”
and asking Lim to “remove my name from your property”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

3AB 1000.

I will return to this message when examining Lim’s case.

55 On 9 June 2020, the parties met to resolve the issue of removing Khoo’s
name from the mortgage loan and Property. Again, neither of them mentioned
Khoo having a 50% share or equal share in the Property, or words to that
effect. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

3AB 874–883; 7/3/23 NE 42–43; Lim’s AEIC at [54].

56 Then, on 20 October 2020, Khoo’s then lawyers, WK Fong & Co (“WKF”),
informed Lim that Khoo wanted to sell his “half share” of the Property in the
open market and asked if Lim would buy over his share (“WKF’s 20/10/20
Letter”). Lim claims that he was shocked to receive this letter as this was
the first time that Khoo had claimed to be entitled to a half share in the
Property. Lim further states that he thus called Khoo to ask why he was making
such claims and that they then arranged to meet to discuss the matter. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

2AB 759; Lim’s AEIC at [55]–[56].

57 It is not disputed that they met on 28 October 2020 to discuss essentially
the removal of Khoo’s name from the Property. Strangely, despite having
asserted in WKF’s 20/10/20 Letter his claim to a “half share” in the Property,
Khoo did not explicitly mention or reiterate his claim to be entitled to a
“half share” or 50% share (or words to those effect) when they met; nor did
either party mention or acknowledge that Khoo had a half share in the
Property. Whilst Khoo had, at the meeting, asked Lim about Lim “[taking] over”
or getting “someone else to buy this position”, and Khoo had also referred to
himself as “the seller” of the Property, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

3AB 884–909; Khoo’s AEIC at [88]; Lim’s AEIC at [57]; 7/3/23 NE 46.

this does not support Khoo’s claim of the Oral Agreement or common intention
to own the Property beneficially in equal shares. In any event, I find WKF’s
20/10/20 Letter to be self-serving and thus give no weight to Khoo’s claim
therein of a half share in the Property. It is pertinent to note that that was
the first time Khoo had set out in black and white his claim to be
beneficially entitled to a half share in the Property.

58 Finally, in a telephone conversation between the parties on 18 June 2021,
where Khoo told Lim to essentially resolve the issue by finding a buyer for
the Property or selling his flat to come up with the money to purchase it,
Khoo also did not claim to have a half share in the Property. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

3AB 915–923; Lim’s AEIC at [62].

Conclusion of Khoo’s claim

59 In sum, I find that Khoo has failed to prove his claim of the Oral
Agreement or that there was any common intention or agreement that the parties
would own the Property in equal shares.

Lim’s claim

60 Lim’s case is premised on an oral agreement with Khoo, formed sometime in
mid-2017 and before they viewed the Property together in August 2017, that
Khoo and he would hold the Property as tenants-in-common in the proportion of
1% to 99% respectively (the “Alternative Agreement”). Khoo was merely
assisting Lim to obtain a bank loan but did not wish to be responsible for
contributing to the purchase of the Property. Lim attests that he understood
from Angeline (who assisted the parties to obtain a loan) that the bank would
only approve a loan to the parties if they held the Property as joint tenants.
Hence, the parties agreed to hold the Property as joint tenants, with Khoo as
a “nominal owner” to obtain the Loan (see also [4] above). 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Lim’s AEIC at [15] and [17].

61 To support the existence of the Alternative Agreement, Lim relies primarily
on: (a) Khoo’s statement at the site office of T-Space on 9 August 2017 that
he would not be responsible for making any payments towards the purchase of
the Property; and (b) his claim to have contributed to the whole purchase
price and expenses related to the Property including the mortgage repayments,
renovation costs and maintenance. In closing submissions, Mr Lim then relied,
instead, on a presumed resulting trust based on the financial contributions by
the respective parties and submitted that Lim had contributed entirely to the
purchase of the Property and thus held 100% beneficial interest in it (see
[13] above).

62 I find that the evidence does not support the existence of the Alternative
Agreement or that Lim had paid the entire purchase price of the Property.

Site visit on 9 August 2017

63 Lim claims that on 9 August 2017, after the viewing of T-Space, the
parties, along with Angeline and Henry, went to Goldprime’s office (located
next to the site of the T-Space development) to sign the OTP. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

10/3/23 NE 34–36.

Lim claims that, in the presence of Khoo, Angeline and Henry: (a) the parties
discussed that Lim would make all payments towards the purchase of the
Property; and (b) Khoo was very vocal in emphasising that he would not be
responsible for making any payments towards the purchase of the Property,
although his name would be on the title deed (the “9/8/17 Conversation”).
Henry, who was called as Lim’s witness, attested to the 9/8/17 Conversation
having occurred. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Lim’s AEIC at [18]; Henry’s AEIC at [11]; 7/3/23 NE 103–104.

64 However, Khoo attests that he did not attend at Goldprime’s office to sign
anything on 9 August 2017, and that he did not have sight of the OTP until
around 22 August 2017 when OCBC Bank approached him to execute the loan
agreement. He further denies the 9/8/17 Conversation. On the contrary, he
claims that the parties had discussed the payment of the 5% booking fee and
agreed that they would bear it in equal proportions; and that Lim would issue
the cheque first and Khoo would reimburse Lim for his half share. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [27]–[28]; 24/8/22 NE 66–72.

I have already dealt with Khoo’s claim as such at [32] above.

65 It is undisputed that the parties did not sign the OTP on 9 August 2017.
This point is immaterial in any event. Lim could have been mistaken that he
had signed the OTP, just as Khoo was mistaken that he had not signed anything
on that day. As Angeline attested, and which I accept, the parties signed a
Purchasers’ Particulars form on that day, which was returned to Goldprime, and
the 5% booking fee was also paid. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

24/8/22 NE 67; 10/3/23 NE 11–13.

66 Nevertheless, I reject Lim’s claim and Henry’s testimony of the 9/8/17
Conversation having occurred. I prefer Angeline’s testimony in this regard.
Angeline, who Lim claims was present at that time, attests that there was no
discussion as to how the purchase price of the Property would be borne nor the
manner of holding of the Property by each party, and denies the 9/8/17
Conversation occurred. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

10/3/23 NE 10 and 36.

I find Angeline to be impartial in this regard. She was known to both Khoo and
Lim, having been a volunteer at the Temple and having acted as their property
agent in the purchase of the Property.

67 On the other hand, I find Henry to be a partial witness who attempted to
align his testimony to support Lim’s case.

68 In their respective AEICs, Lim and Henry claimed that it was sometime in
June 2017 that Lim had first discussed with the committee members of the
Temple his intention to purchase a property for the Temple and the Shop. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Lim’s AEIC at [12]; Henry’s AEIC at [6].

But in court, Lim claimed that he had approached Khoo in January or February
2017 (after Chinese New Year) during a committee members’ meeting to suggest
buying a property together for the use of the Temple. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

7/3/23 NE 101.

Henry also states in his AEIC that it was in August 2017 that: (a) he
understood Lim would purchase the Property with Khoo to secure a bank loan;
(b) he understood Khoo agreed to assist Lim in this regard but did not wish to
make any payment towards the Property; and (c) he was aware of the common
understanding between the parties that Lim would be solely responsible to pay
for the Property. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Henry’s AEIC at [8]–[9]; 9/3/23 NE 19.

But in court, Henry claimed this understanding was based on what had
transpired in June 2017 during a committee meeting at the Temple; then shifted
his account again, claiming that this meeting occurred earlier, after Chinese
New Year in 2017; and claimed there were “many meetings” and so he “[did not]
have much impression”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

9/3/23 NE 8 and 18.

Henry’s testimony was inconsistent and unreliable.

69 Further, Henry attests in his AEIC that he recalled Lim informing him that
the parties had agreed to Lim owning 99% of the Property and Khoo owning 1%.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Henry’s AEIC at [10].

In court, he then asserted that Khoo had also said the same, but failed to
elaborate on his assertion merely stating that he had been a volunteer at the
Temple for a long time and had “heard” Khoo saying this. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

9/3/23 NE 15.

70 Finally, Henry was adamant that Khoo did not contribute “a cent” towards
the Property and claimed that Lim paid the entire purchase price. But his AEIC
was bereft of details to support his assertions. In court, he belatedly
claimed that Lim had paid Khoo cash for the cheques that Khoo issued, 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Henry’s AEIC at [21] and [23]; 9/3/23 NE 13–14.

which claim was also unsubstantiated.

Financial contributions from 2018

71 In Closing Submissions, Lim no longer relied on the Alternative Agreement,
and instead submitted his claim should be based a resulting trust analysis
premised on the parties’ respective financial contributions. I thus proceed to
examine the parties’ financial contributions from January 2018 (as I have
dealt with their contributions up to December 2017). My findings on this issue
will also show the existence of the Alternative Agreement to be doubtful.

Monthly mortgage repayments and purported Rental Agreement

72 It is undisputed that Lim made all the monthly mortgage repayments from
January 2018 onwards.

73 Khoo relies on the purported Rental Agreement (see [30] above) and attests
as follows. Around 23 August 2017, he and Lim executed the Loan. He was
jointly and severally liable with Lim to repay the Loan, and this was in line
with the parties’ agreement to contribute equally to the purchase of the
Property. Their attempt to open a joint account at OCBC Bank to make the
mortgage repayments was rejected by the bank. Khoo thus made the first two
mortgage repayments in 2017, and Lim then told him that he (Lim) would make
the rest of the mortgage repayments “moving forward” and that Khoo need not
pay anything more as Lim was intending to use the Property for the Temple and
the Shop (“the Conversation”). It was after the Conversation that Lim started
paying the monthly mortgage repayments from January 2018, and Khoo’s half
share contribution to the same was to allow Lim sole use of the Property
without collecting rent from him. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [37] and [75]–[78].

74 Lim denies the Rental Agreement and pleads that he did not have to pay any
rent (or imputed rent) to Khoo as he is the owner of the Property. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defence at [16].

Lim claims that he also made the November and December 2017 monthly mortgage
repayments by handing cash to Khoo for Khoo to do so on his behalf. I have
rejected Lim’s claim that he gave Khoo money or reimbursed Khoo for the
November and December 2017 mortgage repayments, and found that it was Khoo who
made these payments (see [50] above).

75 Nevertheless, I find there is insufficient evidence to show the existence
of the Rental Agreement.

76 Khoo’s claim of the Rental Agreement is unsubstantiated. His claim as to
when the Rental Agreement was made, was also inconsistent. Khoo stated in his
AEIC that it was after making the December 2017 mortgage repayment that they
had the Conversation. But in court, he claimed the Conversation had occurred
on 9 August 2017 when they decided to purchase the Property (as it was on that
day that Lim had first informed Khoo that he wanted to use the Property for
both the Temple and the Shop), and that the Conversation had even taken place
before that date or on a few occasions. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [24]; 24/8/22 NE 51–52.

77 Further, if the quid pro quo for not contributing to the rest of the
mortgage repayments was premised on Lim’s sole use of the Property, then it is
strange that Lim took on the obligation of all the mortgage repayments from
January 2018, before the TOP had been obtained around 26 June 2018. Khoo then
claimed that when he had asked Lim about how to settle the rest of the
mortgage repayments, Lim had said that he would pay the mortgage “after he
moved in”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

7/3/23 NE 68–69.

But Khoo’s version is contradicted by the fact that Lim started making the
mortgage repayments for about six months even before he could move into the
Property. It is not disputed that Khoo knew and agreed, by around end December
2017, that Lim would take over the mortgage repayments (via payment through
Lim’s OCBC Bank account). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

7/3/23 NE 62–63; 3AB 825.

$2,450 cheque dated 28 March 2018 issued by Melvin Pung to Goldprime

78 I next deal with a cheque dated 28 March 2018 for $2,450, issued by
Angeline’s colleague, Mr Melvin Pung (“Melvin”), to Goldprime for 7% GST on a
progress payment for the Property. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

1AB 275 and 420; 10/3/23 NE 52.

79 Khoo claims that the parties were unable to attend at CLC’s office to make
the payment before the deadline; that Angeline thus assisted by asking Melvin
to do so; and that Khoo subsequently repaid this amount to Angeline, which
Angeline then passed to Melvin. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [72].

Lim, however, claims that he requested Angeline to make the payment on his
behalf, that Melvin then issued a cheque to do so, and that Lim repaid
Angeline in cash shortly after. Lim further states that he could not recall if
he passed the money to Angeline before or after Melvin had issued the cheque.
80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Lim’s AEIC at [36]; 8/3/23 NE 51–52.

80 I find both Khoo’s and Lim’s versions of events to be unsatisfactory,
unsupported by any independent evidence, and even contradicted by Angeline.
Whilst Khoo claimed that he had passed a sum of $2,450 to Angeline (for
Angeline to forward to Melvin), Angeline claimed that Khoo had paid Melvin
directly by interbank transfer, which she claimed to have verified with
Melvin. Angeline also denied that Lim had handed her cash to repay Melvin. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

10/3/23 NE 42.

81 That said, I find Angeline’s assertion that it was Khoo who discharged this
sum of $2,450 by paying Melvin directly to be unreliable. She admitted that
she did not know for a fact whether Khoo had transferred money to Melvin and
that she was merely guessing on the basis that Lim (as she claimed) did not
know how to do an interbank transfer. Angeline’s evidence (that Khoo paid
Melvin directly) is also at odds with Khoo’s claim that he gave her the money.
Melvin was also not called as a witness to corroborate Angeline’s testimony,
and more importantly, Khoo’s bank statements for the contemporaneous period
did not record any such transfer from his bank account to Melvin’s account. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

10/3/23 NE 18, 38–39.

82 Given the unsatisfactory state of the evidence, I thus attribute this
$2,450 payment to both Khoo and Lim equally.

$7,350 cheque dated 24 April 2018 issued by Khoo to Goldprime

83 On 16 April 2018, CLC informed both parties of a payment due to Goldprime
of $7,350, being 7% GST payable on a progress payment. It is not disputed that
Khoo issued a cheque dated 24 April 2018 payable to Goldprime for that amount.
Lim attests in his AEIC that he had requested Khoo to issue the cheque first,
which Khoo did on 24 April 2018, and that he then repaid Khoo the amount in
cash shortly thereafter. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

1AB 287 and 421; Khoo’s AEIC at [45(c)] and [47(c)]; Lim’s AEIC at [37].

84 I find that Khoo made this payment to Goldprime and that Lim has failed to
show that he had contributed any amount to this. In court, Lim claimed he had
first given Khoo two sums totalling $7,500 which Khoo had deposited into his
bank account to issue the cheque dated 24 April 2018. But this contradicts his
own AEIC evidence above. Lim then subsequently claimed he was unable to recall
whether he had passed cash to Khoo before or after Khoo had issued the cheque.
84

##### Foot Note 84

×

7/3/23 NE 36; 8/3/23 NE 33–35; 3PB 188.

Lim’s testimony is inherently inconsistent and I thus find his claim, that he
had given Khoo $7,500 in cash before Khoo issued the cheque, to be a
reconstruction of his evidence after he had sight of Khoo’s bank statements.

Six cheques issued by Khoo in July 2018 totalling $22,439.45

85 Next, Khoo issued to Goldprime the following six cheques, amounting to
$22,439.45 (“$22,439.45 Payment”):

(a) a cheque dated 2 July 2018 of $2,450 for 7% GST payable on a progress
payment of 5% of the purchase price of the Property; 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

1AB 300 and 423; Khoo’s AEIC at [47(e)].

(b) a cheque dated 2 July 2018 of $0.45, being late interest payment on the
GST payable on the progress payment at [(a)] above; 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

1AB 300 and 423; Khoo’s AEIC at [47(d)].

(c) a cheque dated 2 July 2018 of $326.33 for survey fees; 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

1AB 324 and 424; Khoo’s AEIC at [47(f)].

(d) a cheque dated 10 July 2018 of $17,150 for 7% GST payable on various
progress payments for the Property; 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

1AB 324 and 424; Khoo’s AEIC at [47(g)].

(e) a cheque dated 10 July 2018 of $500, pursuant to cl 13.7(b) of the SPA,
being a deposit payable to Goldprime from which deductions may be made to make
good any damage caused by the purchaser to the common parts of T-Space; 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

1AB 69; 1AB 324 and 424; Khoo’s AEIC at [47(h)].

and

(f) a cheque dated 10 July 2018 of $2,012.67, being payment of six months’
maintenance fees. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

1AB 324 and 424; Khoo’s AEIC at [47(i)].

86 Lim claims that Khoo issued the six cheques at his request as he was then
busy. Lim further claims that at that time, Khoo owed him $23,000 for
purchases he had made from the Shop, and the parties agreed to set off the
$22,439.45 Payment from the $23,000 that Khoo owed to Lim. Hence, on around 29
August 2018, Khoo issued to Lim a payment voucher which recorded this set-off
(“29/8/18 Payment Voucher”). After the set-off, Khoo still owed Lim $560.55,
which he paid to Lim in cash. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Lim’s AEIC at [41]–[42]; 2PB 8 and 8A; 7/3/23 NE 21.

87 Lim elaborated in his AEIC as follows. Khoo had previously purchased
religious items from the Shop, including a set of Buddhist statues for $50,000
on 20 August 2017, for which Lim produced an invoice of that date (“20/8/17
Invoice”). Between September to December 2017, Khoo purchased other items and,
together with the Buddhist statues, he owed Lim around $63,000 in total. On
around 16 September 2017, Khoo repaid Lim $20,000. I have earlier found this
$20,000 payment by Khoo was for goods purchased from the Shop (see [43]
above). Lim claims that Khoo thus owed $43,000 and Khoo repaid: (a) $20,000 on
around 5 July 2018, upon Lim’s request, to a POSB Bank account belonging to Mr
Winston Fong (“Winston”), who was Lim’s business associate; and (b) $23,000
via the set-off at [86] above. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Lim’s AEIC at [8] and [9]; DB 6 and 9; 7/3/23 NE 19.

88 However, in court, Lim claimed that what he had stated in his AEIC was
incorrect. After having had sight of Khoo’s unredacted bank statements, which
showed deposits of $3,000 cash and $20,000 cash into Khoo’s bank account on 2
July and 5 July 2018 respectively, Lim claimed to recall that he had handed
Khoo these two sums for Khoo to make the $22,439.45 Payment to Goldprime, and
that he could not recall when he gave Khoo these amounts because it had
happened a long time ago. After Lim handed Khoo $23,000 in total (for the
$22,439.45 Payment), Khoo returned him the balance of $560.55, and this is
reflected in the 29/8/18 Payment Voucher. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

3PB 210; 8/3/23 NE 36–39 and 64.

89 Whilst Khoo admits that he had purchased some Buddhist statues from the
Shop (amongst other items) and some items from the Temple, he claims the
purchases never amounted to $50,000 as stated in the 20/8/17 Invoice. Khoo
disputes the 20/8/17 Invoice, which reflects the Shop’s premises as being at
Eu Tong Sen Street, when (it is undisputed) that he first met Lim at the Shop
after it had relocated to Katong Shopping Centre. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

24/8/22 NE 19–22, 40 and 41; 7/3/23 NE 86.

Essentially, Khoo disputes he owed Lim a total of $63,000 for items he had
previously purchased from Lim, and maintains that the $22,439.45 Payment was
his contribution to the Property and for which Lim did not reimburse him.

90 I accept, on balance, Lim’s version that he had reimbursed Khoo for the
$22,439.45 Payment. The 29/8/18 Payment Voucher, written and issued by Khoo,
is cogent evidence supporting that Lim had handed Khoo $23,000 to make the
$22,439.45 Payment. This is even if Lim initially offered a different version
of events, and regardless of whether Khoo had owed Lim money for having
purchased goods from Lim (as at [86]–[87] above).

(a) Khoo attested in his AEIC that he had handed Lim $560.55 in cash (as
reflected in the 29/8/18 Payment Voucher), and the description on the voucher
was for payment relating to the Property. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [65].

Whilst Khoo claims this was his contribution of $560.55 to the Property, he
was unable to explain why he needed to pay such a specific sum (down to 55
cents) to Lim for the Property, or what the purpose of this amount was. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

7/3/23 NE 28.

Indeed, Khoo admitted in court that the $560.55 amount was derived from
deducting the $22,439.45 Payment from the sum of $23,000. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

7/3/23 NE 22–23.

(b) Pertinently, there was no reason why Khoo would set out in the 29/8/18
Payment Voucher the six separate sums that he had made to “Goldprime” (at
[8585] above), if Khoo merely wanted a written acknowledgement for the sum of
$560.55 which he handed to Lim. It is strange that instead of setting out the
purpose of paying Lim $560.55, he set out in detail the six cheque payments.
The words “Cash $23,000” on the 29/8/18 Payment Voucher, written by Khoo,
support Lim’s claim that he had handed Khoo $23,000. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

7/3/23 NE 21.

91 Hence, the 29/8/18 Payment Voucher, taken together with the testimony of
the parties, point on balance to Lim’s claim that he had given Khoo $23,000
(reflected as “Cash $23,000” on the voucher), which pertained to the
$22,439.45 Payment (as reflected on the voucher) and for which Khoo then gave
Lim change of $560.55. Thus, I reject Khoo’s claim to have contributed
$22,439.45 by virtue of the $22,439.45 Payment and a further $560.55 (as
reflected on the 29/8/18 Payment Voucher) to the Property. On the contrary, I
find that it was Lim who contributed $22,439.45 towards the Property (for the
items listed at [85] above), by handing Khoo money for the six cheques issued.

$20,000 transferred by Khoo on 6 July 2018

92 Khoo claims that on one occasion, Lim had requested for a rather large sum
of money from Khoo, and Khoo suggested depositing cash into Lim’s bank
account. Lim then sent Khoo a WhatsApp message on 5 July 2018 to say, “Good
morning Towkay. You can make transfer to my Posb acc. 146-xxxxx-0” (the
“Message”). Hence, on 6 July 2018, Khoo made a cash deposit of $20,000 to that
account (the “$20,000 Transfer”). It is undisputed that the POSB Bank account
was Winston’s bank account (see [87] above). 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

3AB 823–824; Khoo’s AEIC at [69]; 7/3/23 NE 18–19.

93 Lim claims that Khoo owed him a total of $63,000 for items purchased from
him, and Khoo was discharging this debt partially by making the $20,000
Transfer. Hence, he sent the Message to Khoo, having “cut and paste” Winston’s
message to him. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Lim’s AEIC at [9(b)].

94 It cannot be disputed that the $20,000 Transfer was a payment from Khoo to
Lim, even if Lim had asked Khoo to transfer the sum to a bank account
belonging to a third party. However, I find there is insufficient evidence to
support Lim’s claim that the $20,000 Transfer was a partial discharge of
Khoo’s debt to him. Even if I accept that Khoo owed him some money for
purchases of items from the Shop, or that the 20/8/17 Invoice was genuine,
there is no evidence of a link between the 20/8/17 Invoice and the $20,000
Transfer made on 6 July 2018.

95 That said, I find that Khoo is unable to show the purpose of handing Lim
the $20,000 pertained to the Property and particularly for its acquisition.
Khoo’s AEIC was bereft of any explanation. His claim in court, that he
understood this sum to be for the Property as Lim had informed him over the
phone as such, is unsupported and I find to be an afterthought. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

7/3/23 NE 19.

There is also no independent evidence to support the purpose of Khoo handing
Lim this $20,000, such as a letter from the lawyers to indicate that this was
for a progress payment pertaining to the Property. It also could not be Khoo’s
contribution to the mortgage repayments. Khoo did not make any mortgage
repayments after December 2017 as he claimed that the parties had agreed that,
moving forward, he need not do so since Lim would be using the Property
solely.

Various instances of cash purportedly handed by Khoo to Lim

96 I turn to Khoo’s claim of six sums of cash (the “Six Sums”) which he
withdrew from Haratan’s bank account and purportedly handed to Lim, namely:
(a) $2,000 withdrawn on 27 February 2018; (b) $3,169 withdrawn on 3 April
2018; (c) $2,000 withdrawn on 9 April 2018; (d) $10,000 withdrawn on 10 July
2018; (e) $8,000 withdrawn on 13 July 2018; and (f) $1,000 withdrawn on 23
July 2018. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [58]–[60]; 3PB 425–427, 430–431.

Lim’s case is that he contributed entirely to the purchase price of the
Property and its related expenses and disputes the Six Sums. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Lim’s AEIC at [73]; Joint Table of Payments at s/ns 10, 12, 13, 22, 23 and 24
of “Payments made by the Defendant”; 24/8/22 NE 81; 7/3/23 NE 13–14.

97 I find that Khoo has not shown that the Six Sums were handed to Lim, let
alone that they were for the purposes of the Property. As the Six Sums were
withdrawn from Haratan’s bank account, one would have thought that Khoo could
have produced Haratan’s internal and contemporaneous records to show to whom
the moneys were paid, but he did not do so.

Conclusion on the financial contributions from 2018

98 My above findings support that Lim’s claim of the Alternative Agreement
cannot be sustained. In particular, I have found that Khoo had even, in April
2018 (long after the SPA had been executed), continued to contribute some
$7,350 towards the purchase of the Property (for GST payment on a progress
payment – see [83]–[84] above).

Correspondence between parties after they fell out

99 I turn to the correspondence and conversations between the parties, after
they had a disagreement and fell out (on around 14 October 2018), which cast
further doubts on Lim’s claim of the Alternative Agreement.

100 On 25 October 2018, Khoo sent Lim a voice message (the “25/10/18
Message”), wherein Khoo stated that he “[had] received [CLC’s] letter stating
that your T-Space had been completed”, reminded Lim of what Lim had said
during their earlier quarrel that “[they] have nothing to do with each other”,
and asked Lim to “remove my name from your property”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

3AB 1000.

Lim relies on this message to support the existence of the Alternative
Agreement.

101 I find the 25/10/18 Message, which must be read in the context of the
surrounding circumstances, to be equivocal. Khoo explained that this message
came about because the parties had agreed that Lim would buy over Khoo’s
interest in the Property after they had quarrelled and decided to part ways.
Lim does not dispute that Khoo no longer wished to be associated with Lim or
the Temple and wanted his name removed from the title of the Property. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Lim’s AEIC at [48].

Thus, I accept Khoo’s explanation for referring to the Property as Lim’s
property at that time, as the parties had already agreed that Khoo would give
up his share in the Property through a buy-out by Lim. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [82]–[83]; 7/3/23 NE 37–40.

102 That the 25/10/18 Message is equivocal can also be seen from Lim’s reply
to Khoo on 28 October 2018 to state, “Remember this thing … it’s not me who
chased you out of it. It’s you who did not want this thing … It’s you who did
not want it; I did not chase you out of it.” 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

3AB 1001.

Lim did not, in this message, state categorically to Khoo that it was his
(Lim’s) Property anyway. Instead, it is strange that Lim would be concerned to
put on record that it was Khoo who wanted out and not that Lim was chasing him
away, if the Property belonged to Lim all along (with Khoo merely being a
nominee owner).

103 Further, when Lim received WKF’s 20/10/20 Letter, which he claims was a
shock to him as this was the first time that Khoo claimed to have a half share
in the Property (see [56] above), there is no evidence that Lim immediately or
soon after informed Khoo that he was mistaken or refuted Khoo’s claim as such.
Lim’s claim, that he had “hurriedly” called Khoo on the same day to ask why
Khoo had made such a claim, 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Lim’s AEIC at [56]; 8/3/23 NE 10.

is unsubstantiated.

104 The parties then met on 28 October 2020 to discuss how to resolve the
issue of removing Khoo as an owner of the Property (see [57] above) (the
“28/10/20 Conversation”). Yet the 28/10/20 Conversation does not show Lim
having confronted Khoo to ask him why he had made the earlier claim in WKF’s
20/10/20 Letter, or to inform Khoo that he was merely a nominal owner of the
Property. This is despite Lim’s assertion to have been shocked by Khoo’s claim
just a week earlier, and although the parties alluded to WKF’s 20/10/20 Letter
in the 28/10/20 Conversation. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

3AB 896–897.

105 After their 28 October 2020 meeting, Khoo sent a WhatsApp message to Lim
to record that they had met and had agreed to give Lim a month to make the
arrangements for “taking over [Khoo’s] property share being process [sic]”.
110

##### Foot Note 110

×

3AB 857; Lim’s AEIC at [58].

Again, Lim did not inform or clarify with Khoo that Khoo’s share in the
Property was a nominal share or remind Khoo of the Alternative Agreement. Lim
replied merely to say that he would settle the matter as soon as possible.

106 In December 2020, Lim informed Khoo that Sally would assist in applying
for refinancing of the Property jointly with Lim and forwarded Sally’s
personal particulars to Khoo for Khoo to get his lawyers to prepare the
paperwork. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [90]; Lim’s AEIC at [60]; 3AB 859.

On 4 January 2021, WKF (acting on Khoo’s behalf) sent a letter to CLC
enclosing a draft option to purchase for Lim and Sally to purchase Khoo’s
interest in the Property (“WKF’s 4/1/21 Letter”). The draft option to purchase
expressly stated the sale price of Khoo’s share as $350,000, ie, 50% of the
value of the Property at that time. This was based on a valuation of the
Property at $700,000 which Lim was aware of. Lim knew of WKF’s 4/1/21 Letter
at that time and of the terms the draft option to purchase enclosed. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [93]; 2AB 771–778; 8/3/23 NE 14, 20–23.

Yet, he did not object to the terms nor ask a lawyer for advice on the matter,
despite WKF sending a follow-up letter to CLC on 21 January 2021. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

8/3/23 NE 23; 2AB 779; Khoo’s AEIC at [94].

His lack of response to Khoo’s offer to sell Khoo’s share of the Property to
him for essentially 50% of its value casts doubt on his claim of the
Alternative Agreement.

107 When there was no action from Lim to resolve the transfer of Khoo’s share
of the Property to Lim, Khoo’s lawyers (NLC) wrote to Lim on 26 July 2021 to
propose that the Property be sold in the open market and the net proceeds of
sale be divided equally between the parties; and wrote to Lim again on 16
August 2021 to reiterate the proposals in the letter of 26 July 2021. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Khoo’s AEIC at [96],[100] and [102]; Lim’s AEIC at [64]–[65]; 3AB 1004–1006
and 1021–1022.

Still, Lim did not refute Khoo’s claim of an equal share in the Property.

108 It was not until Khoo commenced this suit and served the court papers on
Lim on 12 October 2021 that Lim then emailed Khoo on 18 October 2021 to state,
for the first time, that Khoo’s shares were “nominated shares”, which Khoo
promptly rebutted via NLC’s letter on 19 October 2021. Lim then responded on
25 October 2021 to claim, for the first time, that the parties had verbally
agreed that the Property would be held by them as tenants-in-common with 1%
share to Khoo and 99% share to Lim. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Lim’s AEIC at [68]–[71]; Khoo’s AEIC at [103]–[105]; 3AB 1023 and 1026–1028.

109 Lim’s belated claims, of Khoo holding his share as a nominee or that
Khoo’s beneficial shareholding in the Property was merely 1%, all expressed
only after Khoo had commenced court proceedings, militate against the
existence of the Alternative Agreement. In as much as I have found WKF’s
20/10/20 Letter to be self-serving for Khoo and does not support Khoo’s claim
of the Oral Agreement, Lim’s belated responses also do not assist his claim of
there being an Alternative Agreement.

Conclusion on Lim’s claim

110 In sum, I find that Lim has also failed to prove his claim of the
Alternative Agreement or a presumed resulting trust wholly in his favour.

Computation of parties’ respective financial contributions to the Property

111 In summary, I reject both parties’ claims and find there is insufficient
evidence of a common intention that the parties held the beneficial interest
in the Property in the proportions as Khoo or Lim claims. In this regard, I
find both parties’ evidence to be far from satisfactory in relation to what
transpired when they decided to purchase the Property together. Their
respective assertions to have given moneys (especially in cash) to the other
to discharge the purchase price were also sorely lacking in supporting
evidence, although they could have easily kept a contemporaneous record (eg,
by obtaining a written acknowledgement or by a simple WhatsApp message)
especially given the substantial sums which purportedly changed hands. It is
also unbelievable that Khoo relied on Lim to keep records of payments that he
purportedly made to Lim for the Property, as he claimed (see [41] above),
without more.

112 As there is sufficient evidence of the parties’ respective financial
contributions to the purchase price of the Property, it will be presumed that
they hold the beneficial interest in the Property in proportion to their
respective contributions as such. At this juncture, I discuss the types of
contributions that can be considered for the purposes of determining the
parties’ respective shares under a resulting trust.

113 First, any progress payment towards the purchase price of the Property
(including the 5% booking fee and 15% of the purchase price paid on execution
of the SPA) would, in my view, constitute direct contributions to the purchase
price for the purposes of computing the parties’ beneficial interest in the
Property.

114 Second, there is no reason why ancillary costs of purchasing the Property
(such as GST, stamp duty, legal fees and survey fees) should not be taken into
account in determining the parties’ beneficial interest in the Property under
a resulting trust. In Tay Yak Ping and another v Tay Nguang Kee Serene [2022]
2 SLR 641 (“Tay Yak Ping”) at [68], the court opined that it appeared to be
“at least arguable that … monetary contributions towards stamp duty should be
included” [emphasis in original]. Referring to Westdeutsche Landesbank
Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council [1996] AC 669 at 708, the
court in Tay Yak Ping highlighted that the classic description of a purchase
money resulting trust refers to a presumption of resulting trust arising where
one party “pays (wholly or in part) for the purchase of property which is
vested either in [the other party] alone or in the joint names of [both
parties]” [emphasis in original]. On this formulation of the doctrine, a
resulting trust analysis should be broad enough to encompass not just the
purchase price of the property, but also the stamp duty payable on the
purchase of the property. The court in Tay Yak Ping also found persuasive
McLelland J’s reasoning in Currie v Hamilton [1984] 1 NSWLR 687 (“Currie”) at
691A that “what is significant is the cost to the purchasers rather than the
benefit to the vendor … [such that] it is the aggregate cost rather than the
mere purchase price that should form the basis of the calculation” (at [63]
and [68]). In Currie, the court took into account stamp duty, legal costs,
bank charges and registration fees in calculating the total cost of
acquisition of the property, when determining the parties’ beneficial shares
in the property under a resulting trust analysis (at 689C–689G and 693C).

115 Whilst Tay Yak Ping did not decide the issue, I hold that such ancillary
costs of purchasing a property should be included in determining the parties’
respective beneficial interest under a resulting trust. As the court in Tay
Yak Ping added (at [68]), “it is often fortuitous whether the money of one
person or another is used to pay the purchase price or the stamp duty (or even
the legal expenses)” and that “[the] broader approach may also commend itself
to the practical importance of this issue bearing in mind the stamp duty
regime in Singapore.” In my view, it would be unfair to the party bearing the
ancillary costs if the court were only to consider strictly the purchase price
of the property without giving any benefit to the ancillary costs related to
its purchase, when determining the parties’ respective beneficial shares in
the property.

116 Third, I consider whether renovations to the Property (which it is
undisputed were borne by Lim) should be taken into account. In Lau Siew Kim v
Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 (“Lau Siew Kim”) at
[126], the Court of Appeal recognised that payments made towards the
renovation of the property could be considered as contributions towards the
purchase price if such renovations were carried out closely after the purchase
of the property and increased the value of the property. However, in the
present case, there is no evidence to show that the renovations increased the
value of the Property. Additionally, the renovations were done solely for
Lim’s benefit, for the purposes of his Shop and Temple. Hence, I find that the
renovation costs borne by Lim should not be included in determining the
parties’ respective beneficial shares in the Property.

117 Fourth, I deal with miscellaneous expenses such as payments for utilities,
monthly maintenance, contributions to the sinking fund and the fire insurance
premium, all of which were paid by Lim. I am of the view that these should not
be taken into account when determining the parties’ beneficial interest in the
Property. These expenses were not for the purpose of or necessary to the
purchase of the Property, but rather for maintaining the Property after its
acquisition. Also, there is no evidence that such expenses increased the value
of the Property. In this regard, I reiterate that Lim had the benefit of the
entire Property after the TOP was obtained.

118 Last, I deal with mortgage contributions. A resulting trust crystallises
at the time the property is acquired. As such, the extent of the beneficial
interest of the parties where a resulting arises (including a presumed
resulting trust) must be determined at the time when the property was
purchased and the trust created. Because of the liability assumed by a
mortgagor in the case where money is borrowed by him to be used for the
purchase of the property, he is treated as having provided the proportion of
the purchase price attributable to the monies so borrowed. Hence, subsequent
payments of mortgage instalments are not to be regarded as a direct
contribution to the purchase price of the property, unless made on the basis
of a prior agreement entered into when the mortgage was taken out (Lau Siew
Kim at [112]–[113] and [115]–[116], citing Andrew Curley v Nicola Parkes
[2004] EWCA Civ 1515 (“Curley”) at [14]).

119 In the present case, the starting point is that both Khoo and Lim as
mortgagors of the Property are to be taken as having contributed equal amounts
of the housing loan towards the purchase price of the Property, since they
assumed liability for the loan jointly (Lau Siew Kim at [119]). I find there
to be no evidence to show any prior agreement between the parties (at the time
of acquiring the Property or even when the mortgage was taken out) as to how
the purchase price of the Property would be paid or who would repay the
mortgage instalments. I have already found there to be insufficient evidence
of the purported Rental Agreement. I have also rejected Lim’s claim that Khoo
was merely joined as an owner of the Property for Lim to obtain bank financing
and that the agreement at the outset was that Lim would be responsible for
discharging the purchase price of the Property entirely. Hence, in the absence
of an agreement as to the ultimate source of funds for the purchase of the
Property, the payment of the mortgage instalments subsequent to its initial
acquisition should not give rise to any beneficial interest by way of a
resulting trust (Lau Siew Kim at [117]).

120 That said, the Court of Appeal in Chan Yuen Lan (at [55]–[56]) considered
whether the position as stated in Curley, and applied in Lau Siew Kim (at
[118] above), ought to be relaxed to take into account the realities of
mortgage repayments and to invoke equitable accounting “in a suitable case” as
a possible mechanism for retrospectively adjusting (after the date of
acquisition of the property) the parties’ respective shares of the beneficial
interest in a manner consistent with the resulting trust analysis. In my view,
it is not suitable or appropriate in the present case to make such an
adjustment. Although Khoo made only the first two monthly mortgage repayments
and Lim has been making the monthly mortgage repayments thereafter, Lim has
had sole use of the Property since the TOP was issued to the exclusion of
Khoo, and hence the latter has not enjoyed any benefit from the Property. To
make any adjustments in Lim’s favour (by taking into account his contributions
to the monthly mortgage repayments) would be unfair to Khoo.

Parties’ respective contributions to the Property

121 With all the above considerations in mind, I now come to apportion the
beneficial interest between the parties.

122 I find the following contributions by Khoo pertaining to the Property
(amounting to $13,696) are to be considered in determining his share of the
beneficial interest in the Property on a presumed resulting trust:

(a) $5,121 comprising two cheques issued by Khoo for GST payable on a progress
payment for the Property and for CLC’s legal fees and disbursements (see [36]
above).

(b) $1,225 being 50% of the cheque issued by Melvin for GST payable on a
progress payment for the Property (see [78] and [82] above); and

(c) $7,350 being a cheque issued by Khoo for GST payable on a progress payment
for the Property (see [83] above).

123 I find the following contributions by Lim pertaining to the Property
(amounting to $191,451.78) are to be considered in determining his share of
the beneficial interest in the Property on a presumed resulting trust:

(a) $165,400 comprising four cheques issued by Lim for the first 20% of the
purchase price of the Property, GST payable on the purchase price and stamp
duty (see [31] above);

(b) $4,900 being a cheque issued by Lim for GST payable on a progress payment
for the Property (see [51] above);

(c) $1,225 being 50% of the cheque issued by Melvin for GST on a progress
payment for the Property (see [78] and [82] above); and

(d) $19,926.78 comprising four cheques issued by Khoo (see [85(a)]–[85(d)]
above) but which Lim effectively made the payments. In this regard, I
disregard the cheques of 10 July 2018 for $500 and $2,012.67 (see
[85(e)]–[85(f)] above), which do not relate to the purchase of the Property
but towards its subsequent maintenance.

124 From the above, the total amount to be regarded as contributions to the
purchase of the Property is $765,147.78, comprising: (a) $13,696 as Khoo’s
direct contributions; (b) $191,451.78 as Lim’s direct contributions; and (c)
the $560,000 Loan taken from OCBC Bank, which I am of the view should be
attributed equally to both Khoo and Lim (see [119]–[120] above).

125 On the basis of a presumption of resulting trust, Khoo thus holds 38.38%
of the beneficial interest and Lim holds 61.62% of the beneficial interest in
the Property.

126 It is clear that the relationship between the parties has broken down and
it is no longer feasible for the Property to be held in the parties’ joint
names. In this case, a clean break would be appropriate. I will make the
necessary orders on how the Property is to be dealt with to achieve this, and
as to the costs of the proceedings, after hearing the parties on these issues.

Audrey Lim J  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Nakoorsha bin Abdul Kadir, Michelle Tang Hui Ming and Rasveen Kaur (Nakoorsha
Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;

Charles Lim Chong Guang and Liew Zhi Hao (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Aug 2023 (11:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

