Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 303

Originating Claim No 125 of 2022 (Registrar’s Appeals Nos 168, 169 and 170 of
2023)

Between

| Value Monetization III Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent/Claimant

And

| Lim Beng Choo  
---|---  
  
… Appellant/Defendant

And

(1)| Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Crest Catalyst Equity Pte Ltd (now known as Crest Capital Asia Fund Mgmt
Pte Ltd)  
(3)| The Enterprise Fund III Ltd  
(4)| Tan Yang Hwee  
(5)| Chan Pee Teck Peter  
(6)| Chia Kwok Ping  
(7)| Lim Chu Pei  
(8)| VMF3 Ltd  
  
… Respondents/Third Parties

Originating Claim No 126 of 2022 (Registrar’s Appeals Nos 171, 172 and 173 of
2023)

Between

| The Enterprise Fund III Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Respondent/Claimant

And

| Lim Beng Choo  
---|---  
  
… Appellant/Defendant

And

(1)| Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Crest Catalyst Equity Pte Ltd (now known as Crest Capital Asia Fund Mgmt
Pte Ltd)  
(3)| Value Monetization III Ltd  
(4)| VMF3 Ltd  
(5)| Tan Yang Hwee  
(6)| Chan Pee Teck Peter  
(7)| Chia Kwok Ping  
(8)| Lim Chu Pei  
  
… Respondents/Third Parties

grounds of decision

[Tort — Damages — Joint and several liability — Contribution — Limitation Act]

[Tort — Damages — Joint and several liability — Contribution — Procedure]

[Res Judicata — Applicable principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Value Monetization III Ltd

  
v

  

Lim Beng Choo and another matter

  
(

Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd and others, third parties)

[2023] SGHC 303

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 125 of 2022
(Registrar’s Appeals Nos 168, 169 and 170 of 2023) and Originating Claim No
126 of 2022 (Registrar’s Appeals Nos 171, 172 and 173 of 2023)  
Hri Kumar Nair J  
7, 11 September 2023

27 October 2023

Hri Kumar Nair J:

Introduction

1 The six appeals before me (HC/RA 168/2023 through to HC/RA 173/2023) were
against the whole of the decision of the learned AR (“the AR”), in which the
AR struck out the appellant’s third party statements of claim (“the TPSOCs”)
in HC/OC 125/2022 (“OC 125”) and HC/OC 126/2022 (“OC 126”) (collectively, “the
Contribution Claims”). I dismissed all the appeals on 11 September 2023,
delivering brief grounds then. The appellant has since appealed my decision,
but only with respect to one of the third parties. I therefore provide my full
grounds of decision.

Background

2 The appellant, Ms Lim Beng Choo (“Ms Lim”), is the defendant in the
Contribution Claims. The claimants in the Contribution Claims are Value
Monetization III Ltd (“VMIII”) and The Enterprise Fund III Ltd (“EFIII”)
(VMIII in OC 125 and EFIII in OC 126).

3 The Contribution Claims arose from HC/S 441/2016 (“Suit 441”). Suit 441 was
a claim by International Healthway Corp Ltd (“IHC”) against eight defendants
(“the Suit 441 Defendants”): 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Peh Hong Yee (20 Feb 2023) filed in HC/SUM 1126/2023 (“PHY-1”) at
para 4.

(a) VMIII, EFIII, and Ms Lim;

(b) Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd (“Crest Capital”);

(c) Crest Catalyst Equity Pte Ltd (now known as Crest Capital Asia Fund Mgmt
Pte Ltd) (“Crest Catalyst”);

(d) VMF3 Ltd (“VMF3”);

(e) Mr Fan Kow Hin (“Mr Fan”), IHC’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) from May
2015 to Jan 2016; 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Lim Beng Choo (15 Jun 2023) (“LBC-1”) at p 18.

and

(f) Mr Aathar Ah Kong Andrew (“Mr Aathar”).

I shall refer to VMIII, EFIII, Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and VMF3
collectively as the “Crest Entities”.

4 Suit 441 concerned certain loan facilities (“the Disputed Facilities”)
extended by, inter alia, EFIII, VMIII and VMF3 to IHC. Crest Catalyst acted as
EFIII and VMIII’s manager and agent in respect of the Disputed Facilities. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PHY-1 at para 4; Affidavit of Thomas Teo Liang Huat (20 Feb 2023) filed in
HC/SUM 1130/2023 (“TLH-1”) at para 4.

Ms Lim was, at the material time, a senior officer in IHC. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PHY-1 at para 5.

5 The High Court had previously held the Disputed Facilities to be void and
unenforceable – International Healthway Corp Ltd v The Enterprise Fund III Ltd
and others [2018] SGHC 246 at [85]. This finding was affirmed by the Court of
Appeal in The Enterprise Fund III Ltd and others v OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd
(formerly known as International Healthway Corp Ltd) [2019] 2 SLR 524 at
[134]. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PHY-1 at para 6.

In summary, the Disputed Facilities were void and unenforceable as they
contravened s 76A of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), which addresses,
inter alia, transactions by which a company acquires its own shares.

6 Suit 441 involved IHC’s subsequent claim against the Suit 441 Defendants for
their roles in causing IHC to enter the Disputed Facilities. On 9 July 2020,
Hoo Sheau Peng J (“the Judge”) held in OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly
known as International Healthway Corp Ltd) and another v Crest Capital Asia
Pte Ltd and others [2020] SGHC 142 (“the Suit 441 HC Judgment”) that:

(a) the Crest Entities had, by attribution through their agent, Mr Tan Yang
Hwee (“Mr Tan”) (their main representative in respect of the deals which
resulted in the Disputed Facilities), dishonestly assisted Mr Fan to breach
his fiduciary duties to IHC and engaged in an unlawful means conspiracy with
Mr Fan and Mr Aathar to injure IHC, and were therefore liable to IHC for
dishonest assistance and unlawful means conspiracy: the Suit 441 HC Judgment
at [148] and [335]; 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

TLH-1 at para 11.1.

(b) the Crest Entities and Mr Fan were jointly and severally liable to IHC
for, inter alia, the judgment sum of $12,594,646.74 (“the Judgment Sum”): the
Suit 441 HC Judgment at [336]; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

TLH-1 at para 11.2.

and

(c) out of the Judgment Sum, Ms Lim was jointly and severally liable for a sum
of $4,538,800 as she was held to be negligent in her duties owed to IHC: the
Suit 441 HC Judgment at [301], [302] and [336(a)]. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

TLH-1 at para 11.2.

7 The Suit 441 HC Judgment was appealed by the Crest Entities, Mr Fan and Ms
Lim. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

TLH-1 at para 14.

Pending the outcome of the appeals, for the purposes of discharging their
respective liabilities under the Judgment Sum:

(a) EFIII paid $2,443,991 to IHC on 3 and 24 September 2020 (“the EFIII
Payment”); 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

TLH-1 at para 15.1.

and

(b) VMIII paid $10,622,600.79 to IHC on 3 and 24 September 2020 (“the VMIII
Payment”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PHY-1 at para 15.2

8 On 30 March 2021, the Court of Appeal in Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd and
others v OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International Healthway
Corp Ltd) and another and other appeals [2021] 1 SLR 1337 (“the Suit 441 CA
Judgment”):

(a) dismissed Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst, and EFIII’s appeals, as Mr Tan’s
knowledge of the purpose of the Disputed Facilities was rightly attributed to
these entities: the Suit 441 CA Judgment at [108];

(b) dismissed Mr Fan’s appeal as the evidence showed that he breached his
fiduciary duties to IHC: the Suit 441 CA Judgment at [130];

(c) overturned the finding in the Suit 441 HC Judgment that VMF3 and VMIII
were liable in dishonest assistance and unlawful means conspiracy, since Mr
Tan’s knowledge could not be attributed to VMF3 and VMIII: the Suit 441 CA
Judgment at [122]; 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

TLH-1 at para 17.1.

and

(d) affirmed Ms Lim’s joint and several liability for the sum of $4,538,800,
as her negligence caused the same indivisible damage as the Crest Entities’
(excluding VMF3 and VMIII) dishonest assistance and unlawful means conspiracy,
and Mr Fan’s breach of fiduciary duties and unlawful means conspiracy: the
Suit 441 CA Judgment at [176]–[184]. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

TLH-1 at para 17.2.

9 Following the Suit 441 CA Judgment, VMIII sought a consequential order for
IHC to return the VMIII Payment with interest. However, on 24 May 2021, the
Court of Appeal found that VMIII had elected to pay the judgment debt on
behalf of all the Crest Entities, despite it having been apparent at the time
of payment that VMIII and VMF3’s appeals were no longer completely aligned
with those of the remaining Crest Entities. Hence, the Court of Appeal held
that VMIII bore the risk of non-payment and the VMIII Payment was not to be
refunded by IHC. Rather, the proper course of action was for VMIII to look to
the other co-defendants for contributions: Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd and
others v OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd (formerly known as International Healthway
Corp Ltd) and another [2021] 2 SLR 424 (“Crest Capital (Consequential Order)”)
at [19]–[20]).

10 On 8 July 2022, VMIII and EFIII filed the Contribution Claims against Ms
Lim: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

HC/OC 125/2022 and HC/OC 126/2022.

in OC 125, VMIII claimed for contribution against Ms Lim in respect of the
VMIII Payment towards the Judgment Sum; in OC 126, EFIII similarly claimed for
contribution against Ms Lim in respect of the EFIII Payment towards the
Judgment Sum.

11 On 12 September 2022, Ms Lim commenced third party proceedings in the
Contribution Claims by filing third party notices (“the Third Party Notices”).
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Third Party Notice (12 Sep 2022) filed in HC/OC 125/2022 (“OC 125 TPN”); Third
Party Notice (12 Sep 2022) filed in HC/OC 126/2022 (“OC 126 TPN”).

She filed the TPSOCs on the same day.

12 These were the third parties in Ms Lim’s TPSOC in OC 125 (“the OC 125
TPSOC”): 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Third Party Statement of Claim (26 Nov 2022) filed in HC/OC 125/2022 (“OC 125
TPSOC”).

(a) Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst, and EFIII;

(b) Mr Tan;

(c) Chan Pee Teck Peter (“Mr Peter Chan”), Crest Capital’s Managing Partner at
the material time; 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

OC 125 TPSOC at para 7.

(d) Chia Kwok Ping (“Mr Chia”), Mr Fan’s predecessor as IHC’s CEO from March
to June 2015; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

OC 125 TPSOC at para 11; LBC-1 at p 18.

(e) Lim Chu Pei (“Mr Lim”), an investment analyst with Crest Capital at the
material time; 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

OC 125 TPSOC at para 8.

and

(f) VMF3.

13 Ms Lim pleaded that it would be just and equitable for her liability for
the sum of $4,538,800 paid by VMIII to IHC (under the VMIII Payment) to be
borne by the 1st to 7th third parties in the OC 125 TPSOC (ie, all excluding
VMF3) “having regard to the culpability of [their] acts … in comparison to an
innocent error of judgment or neglect on [her] part”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

OC 125 TPSOC at para 34.

Further, Ms Lim pleaded that there be a declaration that VMF3 indemnify her
against any liability for a sum of $3,883,950 (out of the sum of $4,538,800)
on the ground that this sum (“the Geelong Payment”), which IHC paid to EFIII
on 18 December 2015, was a mandated payment towards the Geelong Facility
(another loan taken out by IHC, which was not one of the Disputed Facilities)
which was wrongfully diverted and misapplied towards the Disputed Facilities
by the Crest Entities. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

OC 125 TPSOC at para 34.

14 Ms Lim’s TPSOC in OC 126 (“the OC 126 TPSOC”) involved the same third
parties as the OC 125 TPSOC, save that EFIII was replaced by VMIII. Similarly,
Ms Lim pleaded in the OC 126 TPSOC that her liability for the sum of
$2,442,991 paid by EFIII to IHC (under the EFIII Payment) be borne wholly by
all the third parties except VMIII and VMF3. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Third Party Statement of Claim (26 Nov 2022) filed in HC/OC 126/2022 (“OC 126
TPSOC”) at para 34.

She also pleaded that VMIII and VMF3 indemnify her in respect of the Geelong
Payment. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

OC 126 TPSOC at para 34.

15 The following third parties filed to strike out the TPSOCs (“the Striking
Out Applications”):

(a) EFIII and VMIII filed HC/SUM 1126/2023 and HC/SUM 1130/2023;

(b) Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and Mr Peter Chan filed HC/SUM 1128/2023 and
HC/SUM 1129/2023; and

(c) Mr Chia filed HC/SUM 1127/2023 and HC/SUM 1131/2023.

Mr Tan, Mr Lim and VMF3 did not apply to strike out the TPSOCs.

The decision below

16 The AR allowed the Striking Out Applications on the ground that the claims
in the TPSOCs were time-barred. His decision may be summarised as such: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Minute Sheet (24 Jul 2023) in HC/SUM 1127/2023 at pp 10–14 (“AR Decision”).

(a) Under s 6A(1) of the Limitation Act 1959 (2020 Rev Ed) (“the LA”), the
time limit for claiming contribution in respect of any damage from any other
person is two years from the date on which that right to recover contribution
accrued. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AR Decision at para 9.

(b) Under ss 6A(2) and 6A(3) of the LA, the relevant date on which the right
to recover contribution accrued to Ms Lim was “the date on which the judgment
is given” holding her liable in respect of that damage – ie, 9 July 2020 when
the Suit 441 HC Judgment was issued. The two-year limitation period therefore
ended on 8 July 2020. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AR Decision at para 9.

(c) Section 6A(4) of the LA, which provides that in respect of the relevant
accrual date “no account shall be taken of any judgment made on appeal”, made
clear that the relevant date could not be that of the Suit 441 CA Judgment’s
issuance on 30 Mar 2021. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AR Decision at para 11.

(d) Section 15(2) of the Civil Law Act 1909 (2020 Rev Ed) (“the CLA”) did not
assist Ms Lim. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AR Decision at para 12.

17 VMIII and EFIII also argued that the TPSOCs should be struck out on res
judicata grounds, but the AR did not hear oral arguments on, or decide, that
issue. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

EFIII and VMIII’s Written Submissions (11 Jul 2023) filed in HC/SUM 1126/2023
and HC/SUM 1130/2023; AR Decision at para 18.

The parties’ cases before me

Ms Lim’s case

18 Ms Lim gave three reasons why the appeals should be allowed.

19 First, Ms Lim pointed out that before the hearing below commenced, counsel
for (a) EFIII and VMIII and (b) Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and Mr Peter
Chan, had confirmed that they would not be relying on a time bar argument. At
that time, only Mr Chia had pleaded limitation in his defence, and had brought
his Striking Out Applications on that ground. Hence, the AR erred in allowing
those parties to amend their defences at the hearing to include the limitation
defence. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s Written Submissions (30 Aug 2023) (“AWS”) at pp 2–6.

20 Second, Ms Lim argued that she was not time-barred in bringing a
contribution claim against the third parties. As EFIII and VMIII had paid off
the Judgment Sum in September 2020 via the EFIII Payment and VMIII Payment
respectively, Ms Lim submitted that she had no outstanding liabilities to meet
in relation to the Judgment Sum, and could not therefore have brought a
contribution claim following those payments. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AWS at pp 8–9.

Her right to recover contribution from the third parties arose only after the
Contribution Claims were brought against her. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AWS at pp 6, 9.

She further argued that considering the stipulation in s 6A(3) of the LA that
the “relevant date [for accrual of the right to contribution] shall be the
date on which the judgment is given”, the two-year limitation period should
run only from the date of judgment against her in the Contribution Claims
(which had yet to pass). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AWS at p 9.

21 Third, Ms Lim submitted that the issue of res judicata (which was raised in
written submissions before the AR, and also before me) was not relevant in
these appeals, since the AR decided not to hear oral arguments on that issue
and no appeal had been filed by the third parties against the AR’s decision.
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AWS at p 11.

In any case, res judicata should not prevent her from raising any issues in
the Contribution Claims, even if she could have raised them previously. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AWS at pp 11–13.

EFIII and VMIII’s case

22 EFIII and VMIII submitted that the TPSOCs should be struck out because they
disclosed no reasonable cause of action, constituted an abuse of process, and
it was in the interests of justice to do so. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

EFIII and VMIII’s Written Submissions (30 Aug 2023) (“EVWS”) at para 53.

23 First, EFIII and VMIII argued that Ms Lim’s third party claims were time-
barred pursuant to s 6A(1) of the LA. Ms Lim’s third party claims arose from
her joint and several liability under the Suit 441 HC Judgment, such that on a
plain construction of s 6A(1) read with s 6A(3) of the LA, the relevant date
on which she became entitled to a right to recover contribution in respect of
that damage was 9 July 2020, the date of the Suit 441 HC Judgment. Hence, the
two-year limitation period ended on 8 July 2022, before the Third Party
Notices were filed on 12 September 2022. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

EVWS at paras 58–63.

24 Second, EFIII and VMIII submitted that the facts and issues in the TPSOCs
were res judicata. In particular, all the elements of cause of action and
issue estoppel were satisfied as: 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

EVWS at para 64.

(a) the Suit 441 CA Judgment was a final and conclusive judgment on the merits
of Ms Lim’s, VMIII’s and EFIII’s respective cases in relation to their
liability for the Judgment Sum;

(b) the Court of Appeal in the Suit 441 CA Judgment was a competent court;

(c) there was identity between the parties in Suit 441 and the Contribution
Claims; and

(d) there was identity of cause of action in the TPSOCs and Suit 441, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

EVWS at paras 65–69.

and there was identity of subject matter in the TPSOCs and Suit 441. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

EVWS at paras 70–76.

25 EFIII and VMIII also argued that Ms Lim was estopped under the extended
doctrine of res judicata from raising further issues in the TPSOCs. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

EVWS at paras 77–78.

Ms Lim had ample opportunity to make her present claims against VMIII and
EFIII in Suit 441, but did not do so. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

EVWS at paras 84–85.

26 Third, EFIII and VMIII submitted that the TPSOCs amounted to a collateral
attack on the Suit 441 Judgments. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

EVWS at para 82.

Her claims were in effect seeking to completely absolve her from any liability
even though she had been adjudged to be liable for the same indivisible damage
by both the High Court and the Court of Appeal in Suit 441. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

EVWS at para 81.

Further, the claims were seeking to re-impose liability on VMIII, which had
been absolved of liability in the Suit 441 CA Judgment. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

EVWS at para 80.

The other third parties’ cases

27 Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and Mr Peter Chan argued that the AR’s
decision to allow the amendment of their defences was correct as it allowed
the real question in controversy to be determined. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Crest Capital Asia Pte Ltd, Crest Catalyst Equity Pte Ltd and Chan Pee Teck
Peter’s Written Submissions (30 Aug 2023) (“CCCWS”) at para 28.

Further, no prejudice was occasioned to Ms Lim by the amendments since Mr Chia
had pleaded limitation in his defence. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

CCCWS at paras 32–35.

28 In respect of the limitation issue, Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst, Mr Peter
Chan and Mr Chia similarly contended that Ms Lim’s third party claims were
time-barred. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

CCCWS at para 8; Chia Kwok Ping’s Written Submissions (30 Aug 2023) (“KPWS”)
at para 26.

29 In respect of res judicata, Crest Capital, Crest Catalyst and Mr Peter Chan
argued that the TPSOCs constituted a collateral attack on the Suit 441
Judgments, since the allegations in the TPSOCs were an attempt to re-litigate
the issue of Ms Lim’s negligence. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

CCCWS at paras 44–46.

Mr Chia did not rely on, or make any submissions, on res judicata.

30 Ms Lim has filed an appeal only against my decision in OC 125 (not OC 126),
and only in respect of Mr Peter Chan. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Minute Sheet (19 Oct 2023) filed in AD/CA 109/2023 at p 4.

My grounds of decision below nonetheless deal with all the relevant third
parties in both actions.

My decision

Amendment of pleadings

31 I disagreed with Ms Lim that the AR exercised his discretion wrongly in
allowing the relevant third party defences to be amended to include the
defence of limitation. The proceedings were at an early stage, and it was not,
and nor could it be, Ms Lim’s case that the relevant third parties were
precluded from applying to amend their pleadings. Ms Lim’s real complaint was
that the relevant third parties should not have been allowed to amend and rely
on the limitation defence on the day of the hearing of the Striking Out
Applications, despite initially contending that they would not be relying on
the same. While the relevant third parties can and should be criticised for
vacillating, there was ultimately no good reason to deny them their
applications. No new facts were pleaded or relied on. Ms Lim was also not
prejudiced since she was prepared to address the limitation defence as it was
pleaded by Mr Chia, and his Striking Out Applications were brought on that
basis; nor had she changed or compromised her position on account of the
relevant third parties’ earlier position. To allow the relevant third parties
to only plead and rely on limitation later would have been an inefficient and
costly way to deal with the issue, and contrary to the Ideals of the Rules of
Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”) under O 3 r 1.

The limitation issue

32 I agreed with the third parties that Ms Lim was time-barred from bringing
an action for contribution against them by reason of s 6A of the LA.

33 The right to contribution arises from s 15(1) of the CLA:

Entitlement to contribution

15.—(1) Subject to subsections (2) to (5), any person liable in respect of any
damage suffered by another person may recover contribution from any other
person liable in respect of the same damage (whether jointly with him or
otherwise).

34 Section 6A of the LA imposes a two-year time limit for claiming
contribution:

Special time limit for claiming contribution

6A.—(1) Where under section 15 of the Civil Law Act 1909 any person becomes
entitled to a right to recover contribution in respect of any damage from any
other person, no action to recover contribution by virtue of that right shall,
subject to subsection (3), be brought after the end of the period of 2 years
from the date on which that right accrued.

…

(3) If the person in question is held liable in respect of that damage —

(a) by a judgment given in any civil proceedings; or

(b) by an award made on any arbitration,

the relevant date shall be the date on which the judgment is given or the date
of the award, as the case may be.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (3), no account shall be taken of any
judgment or award given or made on appeal insofar as it varies the amount of
damages awarded against the person in question.

…

[emphasis added]

35 A defendant’s right to recover contribution arises from his liability in
the original action. Where judgment is entered against two or more defendants
jointly and severally, they have a common liability in respect of that
judgment sum. Contrary to what Ms Lim appeared to be arguing, there is no
separate or new right which arises at the point where a defendant seeks
contribution against co-defendant(s) or third parties. As the Court of Appeal
in Tan Juay Pah v Kimly Construction Pte Ltd and others [2012] 2 SLR 549 noted
at [48] (citing Lord Bingham’s observation in Royal Brompton Hospital NHS
Trust v Hammond and others (Taylor Woodrow Construction (Holdings) Ltd) [2002]
1 WLR 1397 at [5]), “[i]t is … a constant theme of the law of contribution
from the beginning that B’s claim to share with others his liability to A
rests upon the fact that they (whether equally with B or not) are subject to a
common liability to A … the words ‘in respect of the same damage’, emphasise
the need for one loss to be apportioned among those liable” [emphasis added].
Contribution is therefore simply an apportionment with others of the liability
owed to the plaintiff in the original action. The right to contribution arises
from that initial liability and there is no additional or different liability
that arises at the point that a defendant seeks contribution from co-
defendant(s) or third parties.

36 Significantly, Ms Lim’s own pleaded case was that her claims against the
third parties arose from her liability under the Suit 441 HC Judgment, and not
some different liability. The Third Party Notices read: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

OC 125 and OC 126 TPNs.

The [Appellant] now claims against you an indemnity and/or contribution
against the Claimant's claim and the costs of this action, on the grounds that
you are liable in respect of the same or other damage for which the
[Appellant] was found liable for in HC/S 441/2016. [emphasis added]

37 Section 6A of the LA governs when this contribution claim must be brought.
On a plain reading of s 6A(1) read with s 6A(3)(a) of the LA, the relevant
date on which Ms Lim’s right to recover contribution from the third parties
accrued was 9 July 2020, being the date of the Suit 441 HC Judgment, which
held her liable (and dealt with quantum) in respect of the damage (to IHC).
Section 6A(4) of the LA makes clear that the Suit 441 CA Judgment issued on 30
March 2021 did not affect the date on which the right to recover contribution
accrued.

38 Section 6A of the LA provides that the contribution claim must be brought
within two years of the Suit 441 HC Judgment. The two-year limitation period
expired on 8 July 2022. The Third Party Notices and the TPSOCs, filed on 12
September 2022, were therefore time-barred.

39 I rejected Ms Lim’s submission that her right to claim contribution was
suspended or extinguished because the damages payable under the Suit 441 HC
Judgment were satisfied by the EFIII and VMIII Payments. While those payments
meant that she was no longer liable to IHC, she remained liable to contribute
her share of the “common liability” arising out of the Suit 441 HC Judgment to
EFIII and VMIII. Her right to recover contribution from the third parties
arose from her liability in Suit 441, with the right accruing on the date of
the Suit 441 HC Judgment, pursuant to s 6A of the LA.

40 It follows that contrary to Ms Lim’s submission, her claim against the
third parties after the EFIII and VMIII Payments were not for “$0”, before the
Contribution Claims were brought against her. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AWS at p 9.

Her right to claim contribution was always in respect of the same damage under
the Suit 441 HC Judgment – the EFIII and VMIII Payments did not change that.
She would therefore have been entitled to seek contribution against the third
parties even before the Contribution Claims were filed and notwithstanding the
EFIII and VMIII Payments.

41 For completeness, Ms Lim could have brought a contribution claim even
before liability had been determined in Suit 441. I deal with the proper
procedure in respect of contribution claims below at [50]–[63]. Section 6A of
the LA effectively allowed her to bring a contribution claim after her
liability (and quantum of damages payable) had been determined, but she had to
do so within two years of that determination.

42 Further, Ms Lim contradicted herself in her arguments. She argued that
“given that the current claim by the Claimants in [the Contribution Claims]
has yet to be proven or even adjudicated upon … her liability in respect of
any damage has not even come to pass”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AWS at p 9.

If she is not liable in respect of any damage until after the judgments in the
Contribution Claims against her are entered, then her right to seek
contribution against the third parties under s 15(1) of the CLA had not yet
arisen as well. She cannot have it both ways.

43 Finally, Ms Lim relied on the English Court of Appeal’s statement in Aer
Lingus plc v Gildacroft Ltd and another [2006] EWCA Civ 4 (“Aer Lingus”) (at
[43]), in the context of the Limitation Act 1980 (c 58) (UK) (the English
equivalent of the LA) (“the UK Limitation Act”), that “the relevant date for
the running of time against a tortfeasor who seeks contribution … [is] a
judgment or award which ascertains the quantum, and not merely the existence,
of the tortfeasor’s liability” [emphasis added].

44 I agree with this statement in Aer Lingus, not least because (as discussed
in Aer Lingus at [35]) s 6A(5) of the LA provides that in the context of a
settlement agreement, the relevant date to claim contribution would be the
date on which the person seeking contribution agrees on the amount to be paid
by him to the person to whom payment is to be made. This indicates that in the
context of a judgment, the date of a judgment on quantum would be the relevant
date for the purposes of s 6A(3). However, the problem for Ms Lim was that the
Suit 441 HC Judgment was a judgment on both liability and quantum. In so far
as she was attempting to argue that the quantum for which she was liable would
only be determined in the Contribution Claims, that is not correct – she was
already adjudged to be jointly and severally liable for $4,538,800 in the Suit
441 HC Judgment; apportionment of that sum is a different issue.

45 As noted above at [14], Ms Lim also brought an indemnity claim in the OC
126 TPSOC against VMIII and VMF3 for the Geelong Payment, as distinguished
from the contributions she sought from the other third parties. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

OC 126 TPSOC at para 34.

The OC 125 TPSOC similarly claimed an indemnity against VMF3 in respect of the
Geelong Payment. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

OC 125 TPSOC at para 34.

Against this, counsel for EFIII and VMIII argued that the claim for indemnity
was a collateral attack on the Suit 441 Judgments, as it sought to re-impose
liability on VMIII which had been exonerated in the Judgments. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

EVWS at paras 79–82.

46 Although not strictly relevant to Ms Lim’s appeal against Mr Peter Chan, I
make two points in respect of this claim for indemnity against VMIII and VMF3.
First, Ms Lim was not precluded from seeking contribution or an indemnity from
VMIII and VMF3 simply because they had been exonerated of liability in the
Suit 441 Judgments. VMIII and VMF3 succeeded in their appeals on a narrow
point relating to proof of attribution of Mr Tan’s knowledge (see Crest
Capital (Consequential Order) at [30]) – this did not preclude Ms Lim from
seeking contribution from them on some other basis. However, Ms Lim’s basis
for claiming the indemnity was unclear – she simply pleaded that it was “just
and equitable” that VMIII and VMF3 indemnify her on the basis that the Geelong
Payment was wrongfully diverted and misapplied towards one of the Disputed
Facilities (“the Standby Facility”), without pleading how they were
responsible for this. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

OC 125 and OC 126 TPSOCs at para 34.

Second, in so far as Ms Lim was attempting to challenge findings made in the
Suit 441 Judgments by claiming an indemnity in respect of the Geelong Payment,
she may be precluded from doing so because of res judicata and/or abuse of
process.

47 I make further observations on the issue of res judicata below at
[64]–[76]. It suffices to note here that the High Court and the Court of
Appeal did not appear to make conclusive findings on whether IHC had intended
the Geelong Payment for the Geelong Facility and not the Disputed Facilities.
Both courts found this issue irrelevant to the question of the Suit 441
Defendants’ liability towards IHC: the Suit 441 HC Judgment at [227] and the
Suit 441 CA Judgment at [191(b)]. Hence, in so far as Ms Lim’s claim for
indemnity was based on the argument that IHC had intended the Geelong Payment
for the Geelong Facility, but the Crest Entities had wrongfully diverted the
Geelong Payment to the Disputed Facilities (see [13] above), res judicata may
not apply to preclude it. In the event, I did not have to deal with this issue
since the claim for indemnity under the TPSOCs was likewise time-barred under
s 6A of the LA.

48 For completeness, I address Mr Chia’s argument that the pleaded cause of
action against him at para 13 of the TPSOCs – ie, that he breached his duty to
Ms Lim to take reasonable care in issuing instructions to her, and not to
issue instructions for improper purposes which would expose her to legal
liability – was also time-barred pursuant to s 24A(3) of the Limitation Act.
58

##### Foot Note 58

×

OC 125 and OC 126 TPSOCs at para 13.

Mr Chia submitted that the cause of action had accrued in April or May 2015
when the instructions were given, and would be time-barred after May 2021 (ie,
six years later). Further, even if Ms Lim could only have brought the action
after she had the requisite knowledge to bring the action – see s 24A(3) of
the Limitation Act – that knowledge would have been gained by the time she was
sued in Suit 441 on 8 May 2018, and she would be barred from bringing an
action after 8 May 2021 (ie, three years later).

49 The relevance of this argument was unclear given that Ms Lim’s claim was
for contribution under s 15 of the CLA, and the time to bring the action is
governed by s 6A of the LA. Section 24A of the LA does not apply to an action
to recover contribution – see s 6A(6) of the LA.

The proper process for claiming contribution

50 I make some observations on the procedure adopted by EFIII, VMIII and Ms
Lim for claiming contribution.

51 It appears not uncommon that parties fail to follow the proper procedure
for claiming contribution: see Hwa Aik Engineering Pte Ltd v Munshi Mohammad
Faiz and another [2021] 1 SLR 1288 (“Hwa Aik”) at [32]. Hence, the Appellate
Division took pains to emphasise the proper procedure for claiming
contribution from a co-defendant under O 16 r 8 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”): Hwa Aik at [32].

52 Presently, the procedure for seeking contribution from co-defendants is set
out in O 10 r 8 of the ROC 2021 (the successor provision to O 16 r 8 of the
ROC 2014). Where the defendant is seeking contribution from another party to
the action (for ease, the “co-defendant”), O 10 r 8(1) provides:

Claims and issues between defendant and some other party (O. 10, r. 8)

8.—(1) Where in any action a defendant —

(a) claims against a person who is already a party to the action any
contribution or indemnity;

…

then, subject to paragraph (2), the defendant may, after having filed and
served a notice of intention to contest or not contest if required to do so
under these Rules, without permission, issue and serve on that person a notice
containing a statement of the nature and grounds of the defendant’s claim or
(as the case may be) of the question or issue required to be determined.

[emphasis added]

53 Where the defendant is seeking contribution from a person who is not a
party to the action (ie, a third party), O 10 r 1 provides:

Third party notice (O. 10, r. 1)

1.—(1) Where in any action a defendant —

(a) claims against a person not already a party to the action any contribution
or indemnity;

…

then, subject to paragraph (2), the defendant may, after having filed a notice
of intention to contest or not contest if required to do so under these Rules,
issue a notice in Form 20 or Form 21, whichever is appropriate (called in this
Order a third party notice), containing a statement of the nature of the claim
made against the defendant and (as the case may be) either of the nature and
grounds of the claim made by the defendant or of the question or issue
required to be determined.

54 The first step in making a claim for contribution is therefore for the
defendant to issue and serve on the relevant party either a third party notice
under O 10 r 1 or the notice specified in O 10 r 8, as appropriate. Permission
is generally required for the issuance of a third party notice under O 10 r 1:
see O 10 r 1(2). However, permission is not required for the issuance of the
notice to a co-defendant under O 10 r 8: see O 10 r 8(1). Further, under O 10
r 8(3)(a), the co-defendant is generally not required to file a notice of
intention to contest or not contest.

55 The defendant claiming contribution is to then issue a summons, to be
served on all the other parties to the action, applying to the court for
directions: see O 10 r 4(1) and O 10 r 8(4).

56 The same procedure will be adopted for the determination between the
defendant claiming contribution and the co-defendant, as if the latter were a
third party: see O 10 r 8(3)(d). Essentially, the court may at or after the
trial of the action, or, if the action is decided otherwise than by trial, on
an application by summons, order such judgment as the nature of the case may
require to be entered for the defendant against the co-defendant: see O 10 r
7.

57 The time at which a contribution claim may be made is also important. In
this regard, as noted earlier at [41], a contribution claim may be made even
before liability has been determined at trial. Hence, the Appellate Division
in Hwa Aik (at [31]) emphasised that:

Solicitor[s] should be immediately aware of the possible need to seek
contribution from another co-defendant under ss 15 and 16 of the CLA where
there is possibly more than one tortfeasor, and then consider taking the step
to file a formal claim for contribution. [emphasis added]

58 At first blush, it may appear inconsistent to state that a contribution
claim may be made before liability has been determined at trial, when the
right to recover contribution under s 6A of the LA only accrues when judgment
is given. The two are not inconsistent. The “accrual” of the right to recover
contribution under s 6A of the LA is different from when the entitlement to
recover contribution arises under s 15(1) of the CLA. As the court in Aer
Lingus observed at [10] in relation to s 1 of the Civil Liability
(Contribution) Act 1978 (c 47) (UK) and s 10 of the UK Limitation Act (which
are in pari materia to s 15 of the CLA and s 6A of the LA respectively):

[A]lthough the two-year period [under the UK Limitation Act] is said to run
from the date on which a right to recover contribution “accrues”, it is
difficult to think, in the absence of contrary authority, that that expression
is intended to convey that the cause of action for a contribution under the
1978 Act only arises at the time of any judgment … the 1978 Act, which creates
the right to contribution, is written in terms of the mere occurrence (or
concurrence) of liability in respect of the same damage. There is no apparent
need for that liability to have been established. [emphasis added]

59 Indeed, the cause of action for contribution arises under s 15(1) of the
CLA, not s 6A of the LA. The latter only deals with when the limitation period
for seeking contribution expires – ie, two years after a judgment/award is
given or a settlement amount is agreed upon. Thus, the “accrual” of the right
to recover contribution under s 6A of the LA is characterised as such merely
for the purpose of establishing a date from which the limitation period starts
to run. This explains the practice of claiming contribution before trial. As
observed by the court in Aer Lingus (at [10]):

If the cause of action for a contribution only arose after judgment … then a
defendant could never claim contribution from a co-defendant … at any earlier
stage: but that is something which happens all the time. Rather, section 10
[of the UK Limitation Act] is stating a “special time limit for claiming
contribution”, as the heading to the section indicates, and the concept of the
right accruing is fashioned merely for the purposes of dating the beginning of
the two-year limitation period. [emphasis added]

60 In the present case, Ms Lim sought contribution based on liability which
was established in the Suit 441 HC Judgment. Section 6A(3) of the LA therefore
clearly applied to impose a two-year limitation period on her claim for
contribution starting from the date of the Suit 441 HC Judgment.

61 In the circumstances, it is important for parties or their counsel to (a)
assess, as early as possible, the issue of seeking contribution from another
co-defendant or third party; (b) follow the proper procedure for filing a
contribution claim; and (c) take into account the application of the two-year
limitation period under s 6A of the LA. This would avoid defendants being
unable to obtain contribution due to the absence of a formal claim for
contribution, as was the case in Hwa Aik (at [30]) and Manickam Sankar v
Selvaraj Madhavan (trading as MKN Construction & Engineering) and another
[2012] SGHC 99 at [85]. It would also avoid the unfortunate situation of a
defendant being time-barred from bringing his or her contribution claim, as
was the case for Ms Lim.

62 Further, while s 6A of the LA allows parties to file contribution claims
after the rendering of judgment following trial, there are practical reasons
why it may be preferable for parties to do so prior to trial:

(a) first, it may in some cases be beneficial to have contribution claims
decided within the same proceedings, as the trial judge would be able to
decide such claims with the facts and issues of the case still fresh in his or
her mind;

(b) second, parties would avoid the time and costs associated with bringing a
fresh and separate claim for contribution outside of the main proceedings.
From the court’s case-management perspective, deciding contribution claims
within the main proceedings would also be more efficacious;

(c) third, bringing all the relevant parties within the same action would
allow a full ventilation of the evidence and issues in dispute, and bind them
to the findings made by the court. This will avoid inconsistent findings of
fact. It may also facilitate a settlement of the claims or issues in dispute;
and

(d) fourth, parties would avoid the risk of being time-barred from bringing
their contribution claims. Parties who delay bringing their contribution
claims in the hope that they will not be found liable or that their co-
defendants will settle their common liability and not look to them for
contribution are simply burying their heads in the sand.

63 That said, in certain situations, it is understandable why parties may
delay the bringing of contribution claims until after the pronouncement of
judgment on liability; for example, where the main claim is not likely to
succeed such that the party incurs unnecessary costs by bringing a claim for
contribution. However, such concerns should be immaterial where contribution
is sought against a co-defendant. In such a case, the procedure under O 10 r 8
of the ROC 2021 should almost always be invoked. If that had been done in this
case, Ms Lim would not find herself in the situation she is in.

Res judicata

64 Given his finding on the limitation issue, the AR did not consider it
necessary to deal with the arguments on res judicata and abuse of process. As
noted above at [21], Ms Lim submitted that res judicata was not relevant since
the AR decided not to hear arguments on this ground and no appeal had been
filed by the third parties against the AR’s decision. I rejected that
argument. The third parties could not have filed an appeal against the AR’s
decision not to hear this ground given his decision to strike out Ms Lim’s
third party actions. The arguments on res judicata were made in the written
submissions and not abandoned – they remained alive in the appeals before me.

65 Having said that, it was not necessary for me to decide the issue of res
judicata given my finding that Ms Lim’s claim against the third parties was
time-barred. Nevertheless, I make several observations on the issue.

66 First, there was plainly an identity of parties and subject matter in the
Contributions Claims with Suit 441:

(a) the Crest Entities, along with Ms Lim, were parties to Suit 441 and the
appeals therefrom to the Court of Appeal. They were also parties to the
Contribution Claims;

(b) the facts pleaded by Ms Lim to claim a contribution/indemnity from the
Crest Entities arose in Suit 441 and were considered in both the Suit 441 HC
and CA Judgments;

(c) based on the evidence led, the High Court concluded that Ms Lim was
negligent on account of her failure to inquire as to the purposes of the
drawdowns on the Disputed Facilities, and to raise the matter to the IHC board
of directors before the legal documentation for the Standby Facility was
executed (the Suit 441 HC Judgment at [135]). It was based on this finding of
negligence that the High Court found her liable for certain amounts that were
paid out, in that IHC would not have incurred that loss but for its entry into
the Standby Facility (the Suit 441 HC Judgment at [335] and [336]). These
findings were upheld by the Court of Appeal in the Suit 441 CA Judgment at
[176]–[184];

(d) the above finding of negligence was attributable to Ms Lim’s own conduct
and breach of duty to IHC, and was independent of the conduct of the Crest
Entities (see the Suit 441 CA Judgment at [157]); and

(e) the Suit 441 CA Judgment was a final and conclusive judgment on the merits
of Ms Lim’s and the Crest Entities’ respective cases in relation to their
liability to IHC for the damages awarded under the Suit 441 HC Judgment.

67 Ms Lim in her TPSOCs appeared in some respects to be re-litigating matters
decided in the Suit 441 Judgments. While apparently acknowledging that she
breached the duty of due skill, care and diligence which she owed to IHC, the
thrust of the TPSOCs was that the third parties should pay contribution
because their actions caused or contributed to her breach of duty to IHC.

68 There were two difficulties with Ms Lim’s pleaded case. First, she asserted
that the relevant third parties were culpable to such an extent that they
should bear the entirety of the amount in contribution claimed against her. Ms
Lim pleaded, inter alia, that the relevant third parties should bear the whole
of her liability under the Suit 441 HC Judgment having regard to their
culpability “in comparison to an innocent error of judgment or neglect on
[her] part” [emphasis added]. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

OC 125 and OC 126 TPSOCs at para 34.

In so far as Ms Lim was seeking to implicitly challenge the finding that she
was negligent, that clearly raised issues of res judicata and amounted to an
impermissible collateral attack on the Suit 441 Judgments.

69 Second, Ms Lim in her TPSOCs appeared to be challenging the implicit
finding in the Suit 441 Judgments that the actions of the relevant third
parties did not cause or contribute to her breach of duty. She referred to
three statements made by Mr Lim (“Chu Pei’s statements”), and pleaded that: 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

OC 125 and OC 126 TPSOCs at para 24.

(a) in reliance on Chu Pei’s statements, she did not see any need to and did
not make further enquiries regarding the alleged drawdowns; 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

OC 125 and OC 126 TPSOCs at para 25.

and

(b) her reliance on Chu Pei’s statements “caused or contributed” [emphasis
added] to her breach of duty which she owed to IHC. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

OC 125 and OC 126 TPSOCs at para 27.

70 Ms Lim further pleaded that Chu Pei’s statements were measures taken by Mr
Lim, and/or the Crest Entities, and/or Mr Peter Chan to conceal the fact that
drawdowns and purchases of IHC shares had taken place. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

OC 125 and OC 126 TPSOCs at para 23.

71 It was also Ms Lim’s case that: 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

OC 125 and OC 126 TPSOCs at para 28.

(a) Mr Lim was “a servant or agent or representative of” the Crest Entities –
in raising this point, Ms Lim was presumably seeking to make those entities
vicariously responsible for Chu Pei’s statements; and

(b) Chu Pei’s statements were made “in agreement with and/or on the
instruction and/or with the connivance of”, amongst others, Mr Peter Chan.

72 But Chu Pei’s statements were in evidence in Suit 441, and no finding was
made in the Suit 441 HC Judgment or the Suit 441 CA Judgment that they were in
any way relevant to Ms Lim’s breach of duty. That also did not appear to be
the case she ran in Suit 441, although she could have done so. More
importantly, the Court of Appeal found (at [157] of the Suit 441 CA Judgment)
that Ms Lim breached her duty because:

(a) she was aware that IHC had secured the Standby Facility for general
working capital purposes;

(b) she was aware that the drawdowns under the Standby Facility must have
taken place;

(c) she would have been aware that the drawdowns were concealed from IHC and
her;

(d) she therefore did not know what the drawdowns were in fact used for;

(e) it was the confluence of such circumstances that should have caused Ms Lim
to realise that there were some irregularities and improprieties in relation
to the drawdowns; and

(f) the fact that the drawdowns were concealed from her should have heightened
her concern and caused her to alert the board of IHC.

73 In other words, the fact that the drawdowns and purchases of IHC shares had
been concealed from her did not cause or contribute to her breach of duty to
IHC; on the contrary, it strengthened the case against her. Ms Lim’s pleaded
case in the TPSOCs therefore appeared to directly challenge the factual
findings made in the Suit 441 CA Judgment.

74 I note further that the position taken by Ms Lim in the TPSOCs – ie, that
the third parties should pay contribution because their actions caused or
contributed to her breach – presents challenges for the merits of the
contribution claim itself, as regards the Crest Entities, Mr Peter Chan and Mr
Lim. For the reasons above, the Court of Appeal found that their actions did
not cause or contribute to Ms Lim’s breach; hence, these third parties cannot
be liable to pay contribution on that ground. On the other hand, in so far as
the conduct of these third parties was one of the causes of IHC’s loss,
alongside Ms Lim’s (unrelated) breach, that may be grounds for her to claim
contribution (subject to the limitation issue). But that was not how her case
was pleaded.

75 I also note that Ms Lim sought, in the TPSOCs, to minimise her role in IHC
– she pleaded that her “role in oversight of the Corporate Finance team was
confined to the administrative part of Corporate Finance; to see that the work
was done in time”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

OC 125 and OC 126 TPSOCs at para 14.

This appeared to be contrary to the findings in the Suit 441 HC Judgment (at
[124]), where the court noted that as Vice-President (Investment) of IHC at
the material time, Ms Lim was involved with asset management, financing and
disposition activities, and also assisted IHC’s chairman at the time with loan
reviews and cash flow management for the company. The Court of Appeal affirmed
this finding in the Suit 441 CA Judgment (at [158]).

76 In the circumstances, Ms Lim’s third party claims against the Crest
Entities, Mr Peter Chan and Mr Lim appeared to be an abuse of process. Ms
Lim’s counsel suggested in arguments that some of the concerns above may be
addressed by way of amendment, but no draft was tendered. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript (7 Sep 2023) at p 85 lines 21–27.

In the event, this was moot given my decision on the limitation issue.

Conclusion

77 I dismissed the appeals as Ms Lim’s contribution claims against the third
parties were time-barred. The AR therefore did not err in striking out the
TPSOCs.

Hri Kumar Nair  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Fu Xiangming Max, Goh Kok Leong and Navin Kumar s/o Tamil Selvan (Ang &
Partners) for the appellant;

Yeoh Kar Hoe, Ng Wei Jin and Geraldine Zhang Fang (David Lim & Partners LLP)
for the claimants in Originating Claim No 125 of 2022 and Originating Claim No
126 of 2022;

Lin Shuling Joycelyn, Pillai Pradeep G and Wong Yong Min (PRP Law LLC) for the
first, second and fifth third parties in Originating Claim No 125 of 2022 and
the first, second and sixth third parties in Originating Claim No 126 of 2022;

Lum Kwong Hoe Melvin and Derek Tan Chang Shen (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the
sixth third party in Originating Claim No 125 of 2022 and the seventh third
party in Originating Claim No 126 of 2022.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2023 (10:52 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

