Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLate DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC(A) 12

Civil Appeal No 54 of 2022

Between

| Ong Chin Woon  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| Ong Bee Hah (Co-Administratrix of the estate of Tan Ah Moi, deceased)  
---|---  
(2)| Ong Yew Hong(Co-Administratrix of the estate of Tan Ah Moi, deceased)  
(3)| Ng Wuay Ming  
(4)| Ong Chin Ee  
(5)| Ng Yee Ping Grace(Sole Executrix of the estate of Ong Ee Peng, deceased)  
(6)| Ong Bee Hah  
(7)| Ong Yew Hong  
(8) | Ong Ah Hua  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 702 of 2018

Between

| Ong Chin Woon  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Ong Bee Hah (Co-Administratrix of the estate of Tan Ah Moi, deceased)  
---|---  
(2)| Ong Yew Hong(Co-Administratrix of the estate of Tan Ah Moi, deceased)  
(3)| Ng Wuay Ming  
(4)| Ong Chin Ee  
(5)| Ng Yee Ping Grace(Sole Executrix of the estate of Ong Ee Peng, deceased)  
(6)| Ong Bee Hah  
(7)| Ong Yew Hong  
(8) | Ong Ah Hua  
  
… Defendants

Grounds of Decision

[Trusts — Resulting trusts — Presumed resulting trusts]

[Trusts — Constructive trusts — Common intention constructive trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Chin Woon

  
v

  

Ong Bee Hah (co-administratrix of the estate of Tan Ah Moi, deceased) and
others

[2023] SGHC(A) 12

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 54 of 2022  
Woo Bih Li JAD, Kannan Ramesh JAD and Debbie Ong Siew Ling JAD  
17 March 2023

5 April 2023

Woo Bih Li JAD (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This appeal concerned the beneficial ownership of a house at No 8 Jalan
Jermin, Singapore (the “Property”). The Property was purchased and registered
in the sole name of the appellant’s mother. The appellant’s mother died
intestate. The appellant’s two sisters, who were the administratrices of their
mother’s estate, sold the Property and intended to distribute the sale
proceeds equally among the beneficiaries. The appellant objected and commenced
the suit below, claiming that he held either 83.7% or 100% of the beneficial
interest in the Property by virtue of an arrangement with his mother and his
financial contributions to the acquisition of the Property. He sought a share
of the sale proceeds corresponding to his beneficial interest. The trial judge
dismissed the appellant’s claim in its entirety (see Ong Chin Woon v Ong Bee
Hah (co-administratrix of the estate of Tan Ah Moi, deceased) and others
[2022] SGHC 125 (the “Judgment”)), and this was his appeal against that
decision. We dismissed the appeal, and these are our grounds.

Facts

The parties

2 The appellant was Mr Ong Chin Woon (“OCW”). His mother was Mdm Tan Ah Moi
(“M”). M passed away intestate, and her children are the beneficiaries of her
estate. M’s children, in order of birth, are:

(a) Ms Ong Siew Eng (“OSE”);

(b) Ms Ong Ah Hua (“OAH”), the eighth respondent;

(c) OCW;

(d) Mr Ong Chin Ee (“OCE”), the fourth respondent;

(e) Ms Ong Ee Peng (“OEP”);

(f) Ms Ong Bee Hah (“OBH”), the first and also the sixth respondent; and

(g) Ms Ong Yew Hong (“OYH”), the second and also the seventh respondent.

3 OBH and OYH were the first and second respondents respectively as co-
administratrices of M’s estate. They were the sixth and seventh respondents
respectively as beneficiaries of M’s estate. OSE passed away in 1997 and OEP
passed away in 2017. OSE was represented in these proceedings by the sole
beneficiary of her estate, Mr Ng Wuay Ming, the third respondent. OEP was
represented by her sole executrix, Ms Ng Yee Ping Grace, the fifth respondent.
OEP was the third co-administrator of M’s estate before she passed away in
2017. OAH was given up for adoption when she was a child, but remained a
beneficiary of M’s estate. We note that at [2] of the Judgment, the trial
judge stated that OAH was never part of the Ong family throughout the years
when the events concerning the suit took place. Before us, it was clarified
that OAH did in fact attend two family meetings after M’s passing. In any
case, this was not material, and nothing turned on it.

4 For many of the family meetings, there were handwritten notes by OYH
recording what was discussed. Their authenticity and accuracy were not
disputed on appeal. The notes provided much of the evidence which we will
refer to in the course of these grounds.

Background to the dispute

5 The facts of the case are set out in detail in the Judgment. We will simply
set out the facts that were material to our decision.

6 In the 1970s, a property at No 1 Phoenix Garden (“the PG Property”) was
purchased in the name of M although it was funded by monies from her husband’s
business and a bank facility of that business. The family moved into the PG
Property in 1975. In 1977, OCW and OCE were added as joint tenants of the PG
Property without any payment on their part (see the Judgment at [13]).

7 On 21 May 1988, there was a family meeting. The handwritten notes of that
meeting, recorded by OYH, stated that OCW and OCE agreed to transfer the PG
Property to M (see the Judgment at [18]). At this meeting, a memo was also
signed by M and her children. The English translation of this memo stated
“Number 1 Phoenix Garden belongs to Tan Ah Moi (Chen Zhenmei), Ong Chin Woon,
Ong Chin Ee are willing to withdraw their names. Chen Zhenmei (Tan Ah Moi)
[to] handle [it] at her discretion” (see the Judgment at [19]). However, OCW
and OCE did not effect a formal transfer of any interest in the PG Property to
M.

8 Around 18 August 1988, OCW and his wife were granted an option to purchase
(“OTP”) to buy a flat at Elmira Heights, Newton (“Elmira Heights”) in their
joint names.

9 Eleven days later, on 29 August 1988, an OTP for the Property was exercised
by M at a purchase price of $620,000. The OTP was not in evidence, but a STARS
search for the Property indicated 29 August 1988 as the “Last Contract/Option
Date”. M paid a deposit of $62,000 for this OTP.

10 About three weeks later, on 16 September 1988, a purchaser exercised an OTP
to buy the PG Property for $540,000. This OTP was also not in evidence, but
the STARS search for the PG Property indicated 16 September 1988 as the “Last
Contract Date”. The purchaser paid a deposit of $54,000.

11 On or about 5 October 1988, a loan from United Overseas Finance (the “UOF
Loan” and “UOF” respectively) was offered to M. Under the UOF Loan, M was the
sole borrower and OCW was the guarantor. The UOF Loan was for the sum of
$500,000. M accepted the UOF Loan some time between 5 October 1988 and the
completion of the purchase of the Property.

12 On 29 November 1988, the purchase of the Property was completed. UOF paid
$500,000 towards the purchase price. M paid the balance of $58,000, which was
the purchase price less the $500,000 loan and the $62,000 deposit. In addition
to the purchase price of the Property, $22,500 was paid for stamp duty, legal
fees, and incidental costs (the “Ancillary Payment”). The Ancillary Payment
was paid by cheque from an account with Chung Khiaw Bank Limited in the joint
names of OCW and his wife (the “CKB Account”).

13 One month later, on 29 December 1988, the sale of the PG Property was
completed. On this date, a total of $486,000 (the purchase price of $540,000
less the deposit of $54,000 that had already been received) was received. Of
this sum, $162,000 was paid to M. The remaining $324,000 was paid to OCW and
OCE jointly. Although $324,000 from the sale proceeds of PG Property were paid
to OCW and OCE jointly, the family were told at a family meeting on 10 March
2009 that all the sale proceeds were given to M.

14 Two days after completion, on 31 December 1988, M lent $136,000 to Goldrich
(S) Pte Ltd (“Goldrich”) while OCW and OCE lent $324,000 to Goldrich. Goldrich
was a family company run principally by OCW. OCE migrated to Canada in
December 1988.

15 Ten days later, on 10 January 1989, Goldrich issued two cheques for two
sums of $460,00 and $200,000 in favour of one Cheah Kwai Foong. These monies
were used to open a joint time deposit account in sterling pounds with the
Bank of America. This joint time deposit account was in the names of Cheah
Kwai Foong and one Chong Yook Len. According to OCW, these two individuals
were Malaysians whose names were used to avoid income tax.

16 From 9 January 1989 to 9 April 1992, monthly payments were made to UOF to
repay the UOF Loan. These payments came from the CKB Account.

17 On 7 May 1992, the UOF Loan was fully redeemed with a lump sum payment of
$422,695.91. This payment was made from an account with Banque Indosuez in
OCW’s name (the “BI Account”). There was an excess payment of $13,699.84 which
was returned by UOF to M on 9 May 1992. M returned this sum to OCW on 14 May
1992.

18 OCW, his wife and his four children lived at the Property with M until she
passed away intestate on 15 February 2015.

19 Following M’s passing, her surviving children held meetings to discuss the
distribution of her assets and the administration of her estate. A key concern
was the sale of the Property and the distribution of the proceeds of sale. OCW
and OCE did not want to act as administrators of M’s estate. OBH, OYH and OEP
were appointed administratrices on 3 November 2015.

20 Eventually, the Property was sold to OCW’s daughter’s (“OWJ”) then-
boyfriend (now husband) (“Mr Low”) for $2.76m in October 2017. OCW and his
wife still reside at the Property with OWJ and Mr Low.

21 Following the sale of the Property to Mr Low, the administratrices sought
to distribute the sales proceeds amongst the beneficiaries. OCW also sought
legal advice around this time. By a letter dated 26 January 2018, his lawyers
asserted that M had on many occasions intimated to OCW that the Property would
be left to OCW absolutely because he had contributed substantially to the
purchase of the Property in 1988. OBH and OYH asked for evidence of OCW’s
substantial contributions. Having received no evidence from OCW, they
distributed $300,000 of the sales proceeds to each of the beneficiaries in
July 2018. Thereafter, OCW filed the suit below against OBH and OYH (as
administratrices) on 27 July 2018. On 1 August 2019, upon application by the
administratrices, others were joined as defendants and became respondents in
the appeal. Due to a lack of funds, the administratrices adopted a neutral
position in respect of OCW’s claim and the other defendants contested it.

The decision below

22 At the hearing below, OCW alleged that there was an arrangement between M
and him at the time of purchase of the Property that OCW was to own the
Property. Also, M would utilise her share of the proceeds from the sale of the
PG Property to provide the $120,000 cash payment (the $62,000 deposit and the
$58,000 balance sum) for the Property, and the remaining $500,000 would be
financed by the UOF Loan. OCW would be solely responsible for repaying the UOF
Loan. Despite the Property belonging to OCW, it would be registered in M’s
name. Pursuant to this arrangement, OCW serviced the UOF Loan and made the
Ancillary Payment.

23 In total, the UOF Loan was repaid with some monthly instalment payments and
a lump sum payment of $422,695.91. The total amount paid to discharge the UOF
loan was $591,889.85 (the “Mortgage Repayments”). Together with the Ancillary
Payment, this made a total of $614,389.85. This sum, plus the $120,000 cash
contributed by M, totalled $734,389.85. According to OCW, the Mortgage
Repayments and Ancillary Payment were his financial contributions to the
purchase of the Property. The $62,000 deposit and the $58,000 cash payment,
totalling $120,000, were M’s financial contributions to the purchase of the
Property. The proportions of the financial contributions were therefore:

M’s contributions:| $62,000 + $58,000| = $120,000  
---|---|---  
M’s proportion:| $120,000 / $734,389.85 x 100%| = 16.3%  
OCW’s contributions:| $591,889.85 + $22,500| = $614,389.85  
OCW’s proportion:| $614,389.85 / $734,389.85 x 100%| = 83.7%  
  
24 OCW claimed that by virtue of his contribution of 83.7% of the Property’s
purchase price (being the Mortgage Repayments and the Ancillary Payment), a
resulting trust over the Property arose in his favour. He thus held an 83.7%
share of the beneficial interest of the Property. In the alternative, he
claimed that he was the beneficial owner of 100% of the Property by virtue of
a common intention constructive trust arising from the arrangement described
at [22] above.

25 He also raised an argument about proprietary estoppel, but this was not
pursued on appeal.

26 The beneficiaries contended that the decision to purchase the Property was
made by M alone. Her intention was to be the sole owner, which is why she was
registered as the sole legal owner. She had sufficient money to purchase the
Property because she had received the sale proceeds of the PG Property and had
various streams of income. There was no arrangement of the sort contended by
OCW.

27 The Judge found that OCW was an untruthful witness, lying multiple times on
the witness stand and in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (the Judgment at
[147]–[148]). His only evidence of the arrangement that he had with M was his
oral evidence (the Judgment at [165]). The documentary evidence before the
court did not suggest that such an arrangement existed. OCW’s conduct was also
inconsistent with the existence of such an arrangement; he had on various
occasions acted in a way that the owner of the Property would not (the
Judgment at [168]–[171]). This meant that OCW’s claim based on an arrangement
between M and him failed.

28 The Judge also found that there was no evidence of OCW’s financial
contributions to the purchase price of the Property. M did not need the UOF
Loan which OCW admitted was taken for his sole benefit (the Judgment at
[173]).

Issues to be determined

29 In the appeal, OCW’s primary case was that he was entitled to an 83.7%
share of the beneficial interest in the sales proceeds of the Property by
virtue of a presumed resulting trust. He still claimed 100% based on a common
intention constructive trust. He also ran a new alternative case that was not
pursued at trial. Under this alternative case, OCW claimed that he was
entitled to the return of the Mortgage Repayments by virtue of subrogation.
OCW argued that the Judge’s finding that he did not make the Mortgage
Repayments and Ancillary Payment with his own monies (see [28] above) was
against the weight of the evidence.

Whether there was a resulting trust

30 We first deal with OCW’s resulting trust claim. OCW argued that on a
resulting trust analysis, he was the 83.7% beneficial owner of the Property.
This was because he paid the Mortgage Repayments and Ancillary Payment, which
amounted to 83.7% of the money paid towards the Property’s acquisition. In
order to establish this claim, OCW had to prove that he was the ultimate
source of funds for the Mortgage Repayments and Ancillary Payment. It was not
sufficient for him to simply prove that the funds came from his bank accounts.
We accept that OCW did show that the Mortgage Repayments and Ancillary Payment
came from his bank accounts. However, this was just one fact that was relevant
in determining whether he was the ultimate source of funds for those sums.

31 Further, for the Mortgage Repayments to count as OCW’s financial
contributions towards the purchase price of the Property, they must have been
paid pursuant to a prior agreement, made at the time the Property was
acquired, regarding how the UOF Loan was to be repaid: Tan Yok Koon v Tan Choo
Suan and another and other appeals [2017] 1 SLR 654 (“Tan Yok Koon”) at [142].
We note that OCW sought to challenge this current legal position from Tan Yok
Koon, and we will return to this at [55] below. For now, we consider whether
OCW proved that:

(a) he was the ultimate source of funds for the Mortgage Repayments and
Ancillary Payments; and

(b) the Mortgage Repayments were paid pursuant to a prior agreement, made at
the time the Property was acquired, regarding how the UOF Loan was to be
repaid.

32 For the following reasons, we found that OCW did not discharge his burden
of proof to show either of the above.

OCW regarded the Property as belonging to M

33 The evidence showed that, on many occasions, OCW acted in a manner
inconsistent with: (a) him being the ultimate source of funds for the Mortgage
Repayments and Ancillary Payment; and (b) the existence of a prior agreement
between OCW and M that he was to finance the UOF Loan. Instead, the evidence
showed that OCW acted as though the Property belonged to M solely.

34 At the hearing, OCW’s counsel stressed that there was a distinction between
an agreement that was relevant for a common intention constructive trust
analysis and an agreement that was relevant for a resulting trust analysis. An
agreement relevant to a common intention constructive trust analysis was one
whereby parties agreed on their respective beneficial ownerships of the
property. An agreement relevant to the resulting trust analysis was one
whereby parties agreed on who was to be responsible for financing the
property. While there may be a distinction in law as described, the facts
underlying the agreements often overlap. This was especially so in this case,
where, on OCW’s case, the agreement that he was to finance the UOF Loan was
part of the agreement that he would be the beneficial owner of the Property in
that there was no suggestion by OCW that there were two distinct agreements at
the material time. Therefore, any evidence which contradicted an agreement
that OCW was to be the beneficial owner of the Property equally contradicted
an agreement that he was to finance the UOF Loan.

35 We now turn to the various events which contradicted OCW’s case.

36 First, the Property was registered in M’s sole name and not OCW’s. Various
reasons were given by OCW as to why his name was excluded as a registered
owner of the Property, but those reasons did not carry much weight. One
reason, which was first raised during cross-examination, was that he was a
guarantor of various loans in business and hence it was not prudent for his
name to be included (see the Judgment at [83]). However, as the respondents
pointed out, OCW had included his name in a joint purchase with his wife of
the flat at Elmira Heights on 18 August 1988, which was just before the OTP
for the Property was exercised by M on 29 August 1988. If he were really
concerned that his name should not be reflected as an owner of the Property,
his name would have been excluded too from the purchase of the flat at Elmira
Heights.

37 Second, on 11 September 1990, OCW sent a letter to OCE stating that M had
yet to decide whether to sell the Property. The letter suggested that OCW did
not have any interest in the Property, as it was M who was deciding whether to
sell it. OCW’s explanation that he meant that M had not decided whether to
move out of the Property was contrary to what he had said in the letter. OCW
did not suggest that the English translation of the letter was wrong and the
letter was one of the many pieces of evidence against him.

38 Third, there was a family meeting on 26 March 2015, after M’s passing, at
which the siblings discussed the distribution of sale proceeds of the
Property. At this meeting, OCW mentioned that, in the mid-1990s, he had
offered to buy the Property from M for $800,000 under the table and she had
agreed. OCW argued that he had agreed to pay M $800,000 for the Property
because he had recognised that M had contributed more than $100,000 to the
purchase price thereof. However, he did not explain how he then arrived at a
figure of $800,000 given his position that M only paid $120,000 towards the
Property’s acquisition. A late submission on appeal that OCW had taken into
account the passage of time did not carry any weight as it was an attempt to
give evidence from the bar. Furthermore, it was still too vague to assist OCW.

39 The question of how to give a bigger share to OCW, if all affected parties
agreed, was also discussed at this meeting. If OCW’s alleged prior agreement
existed, he would have mentioned it then. Likewise, if he had in fact paid the
Mortgage Repayments and Ancillary Payment with his own money, he would also
have mentioned it then to justify receiving a bigger share. He did not. It was
a poor excuse to suggest that he remained silent because he did not have the
evidence then. He could have stated his position and, if challenged, asked for
time to produce the evidence. In fact, as we discuss below at [46], OCW’s
conduct on other occasions suggested that he was prepared to assert claims
against the estate without any documentary evidence.

40 Fourth, on 20 May 2015, OCW and three siblings met the lawyers for M’s
estate. Again, this was a time for him to inform the lawyers that he was
claiming the Property for whatever reason. Indeed, he would also have asked to
be the administrator of M’s estate since the sole or main asset of M’s estate
was the Property which he claimed to be the beneficial owner of. Yet, he was
content for three of his sisters to be the administratrices.

41 Fifth, on 4 August 2016, OCW and OCE offered to pay $200,000 to each of the
five other siblings to take over the Property in equal shares. This offer
showed that OCW knew there was no prior agreement as contended. It also
undermined his contention that the Mortgage Repayments and Ancillary Payment
came from his own money. If they had, he would have said that he had already
used his own money to finance the purchase of the Property. Moreover, there
would be no reason for OCE to receive a share of the Property equal to OCW’s
if all such payments had come from OCW’s own money only.

42 The offer discussed above was further corroborated by a note from OEP dated
22 January 2017. In that note, OEP said that OCW and OCE had worked very hard
since young to fully pay for the Property. This was an assumption as OEP did
not know the details of the financial arrangements. What was more important
was that the note was countersigned by the other siblings, including OCW, and
he did not say that he had paid most of the purchase price.

43 Sixth, on 18 January 2017, there was a meeting between OCW and four
siblings. It was agreed that the Property be sold on the open market and OCW
requested a leaseback to him for three years as he and his family were
residing there (see the Judgment at [33] and [34]). If OCW had believed that
the Property was his, or that he was entitled to a large share for whatever
reason, he would have said so and the question of a leaseback would have been
academic. To ensure that he could stay in the Property, he would at most have
needed to pay for a small portion of the Property if his interest was limited
to 83.7%.

44 Seventh, in May 2017, at a meeting between OCW, OBH and OYH, OCW requested
that the Property be sold to OWJ for $2.7m. This was eventually agreed upon,
save that, as noted earlier at [20], the buyer would be OWJ’s husband Mr Low
and the sale price would be $2.76m instead. Again, all these discussions
undermined OCW’s allegations.

45 Eighth, on 17 September 2017, OCW sent an e-mail to OYH. In this e-mail, he
objected to any delay in the distribution of the sale proceeds of the
Property. If he believed he was entitled to the entire amount or a large
portion thereof, he would have said so.

46 Ninth, OCW sent a note about M’s estate dated 19 September 2017 to the
administratrices. He referred to “[M’s] estate, apart from the house (Fix
Asset)”. This statement shows that ordinarily OCW would have treated the
Property as part of M’s estate, but for the purpose of the note, he was
excluding it. OCW still did not claim the Property as his. Worse still for
him, he alleged that M had promised to give her eldest grandchild (OCW’s son)
$100,000 after the sale of the Property. By asserting this claim, OCW was
accepting that M was the one to decide how the proceeds of sale of the
Property were to be distributed. Again, this contradicted any suggestion that
the Property was his to begin with. It also illustrated that he was quite
prepared to make any claim, whether he had the evidence to back it up or not.
Yet, even at that time, he still did not make any claim to the Property or the
assets of M, other than that stated in the note. The previous mention that M
had offered to sell him the Property for $800,000 was not a claim as such by
him.

47 OCW’s counsel sought to explain the conduct described above by saying that
family relationships are complex. Family members were not always direct and
could be hesitant about asserting their rights against each other. This was
particularly the case given that the Ong family was an old school Asian
family. This explanation was unconvincing. First, the facts did not show OCW
to be someone who was hesitant to raise issues with his family at the risk of
offending them. As mentioned at [46] above, he was prepared to assert claims
against the estate, even with no evidence. Further, in an e-mail to the
administratrices on 30 September 2017, when raising this topic of M’s alleged
intended gift of $100,000 to his son, he was very critical of his siblings for
expecting him to prove his claim with a supporting document. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROA VI(B) 222.

Furthermore, he alleged that this gift had been brought up “every single time
during family meetings”. There was no prior record that OCW had raised the
gift before. In any event, his allegation that he had raised it every single
time during family meetings undermined any suggestion that he would have been
hesitant to mention that he made the Mortgage Repayments and the Ancillary
Payment at such meetings. Second, some of the events above still could not be
reconciled, even if one were to accept that OCW was hesitant about asserting
his rights. It is one thing to keep silent about one’s claim to a property,
but it is something very different to offer to buy a property that one has
already paid for. OCW did exactly this, once before M’s passing (see [38]
above) and once after (see [41] above). Indeed, he was also prepared to have
his daughter buy the Property from M’s estate. Third, even if OCW would have
been hesitant about asserting a claim against his siblings, there is no reason
why he should have been hesitant about raising simple facts, such as: (a) the
fact that he paid for the Mortgage Repayments and Ancillary Payment with his
own money; (b) the fact that he and M agreed that he should be responsible for
the Mortgage Repayments; or (c) the fact that he and M agreed that he would
own the Property. There is nothing to suggest that simply raising any of these
facts with the respondents would have caused conflict. Ultimately, it was
telling that OCW’s counsel could not point to any event where OCW acted in a
manner that supported his case. Even the letter dated 26 January 2018 from
OCW’s lawyers (see [21] above) did not mention (b) or (c) above.

48 Therefore, all the matters mentioned above contradicted OCW’s allegations
that formed the basis for the appeal. When taken together, they undermined his
allegations quite conclusively. This was even without having regard to M’s
conduct; in particular, her discussion with OBH and OYH on 11 February 2012 in
which she mentioned her wish to have the Property sold after her passing and
the sale proceeds distributed in a certain manner (see the Judgment at [167]).
The matters mentioned above showed that it was not just M who regarded the
Property as hers. OCW also regarded the Property as hers. This seriously
undermined the allegations stated at [33] above.

Whether M had sufficient funds

49 We also considered whether M had sufficient funds to pay for the Property.
The Judge found that this was the case at [173] of the Judgment.

50 OCW accepted that M contributed $120,000 to the Property’s purchase, being
the $62,000 deposit paid on 29 August 1988 and the $58,000 balance payment
paid on 26 November 1988. Further, the PG Property was sold for $540,000. As
agreed at the meeting on 21 May 1988, the PG Property belonged to M alone.
This was confirmed in the meeting notes of 10 March 2009, which recorded that
all the sale proceeds of the PG Property were given to M. This could mean that
M had the $540,000 from the PG Property and $120,000 cash at her eventual
disposal to purchase the Property. However, we noted that M’s $58,000 payment
came after she was supposed to have received the $54,000 deposit from the
purchaser of the PG Property. This meant that the deposit from the PG Property
might have been used to make up part of the $58,000 payment. That, however,
could not be said of the earlier $62,000 deposit paid for the Property,
because this sum was paid by 29 August 1988, before the PG Property was sold.
Thus, in addition to the sale proceeds of the PG Property, amounting to
$540,000, M must have had at least a further $62,000 in cash to contribute
towards the purchase of the Property, making a total of $602,000 vis-à-vis the
purchase price of $620,000. In any event, OCW was not challenging the Judge’s
finding that M had sufficient funds to pay for the Property. Instead, he
argued that even if M had sufficient funds to purchase the Property, that did
not necessarily mean that she in fact purchased the Property with those funds.
On this point, we agreed with OCW. However, while M’s ability to pay for the
Property might not have been decisive, it was still relevant.

OCW did not explain what happened to the proceeds of sale of the PG Property

51 A key point which suggested that M’s money was used to purchase the
Property was that OCW did not explain what the proceeds of the PG Property
sale were utilised for. The PG Property was sold to fund the purchase of the
Property. A total of $460,000 of the sale proceeds of the PG Property were
loaned to Goldrich. Of all the siblings, OCW was the one who would know about
the affairs of Goldrich, and even about the financial affairs of M. The notes
for the family meeting of 10 March 2009 mentioned that in return for all the
sale proceeds of the PG Property, M agreed that all her shares in Goldrich
belonged to OCW and OCE. OCE had emigrated to Canada by the time of the loan
to Goldrich, ie, on or about 12 December 1988 (Judgment at [8]). OCW was
therefore the party who could explain what ultimately happened to the
$460,000. He did not do so, although there was some evidence as to how the
money was used in the meantime (see [14]–[15] above). OCW’s position at trial
was that $324,000 (out of the $460,000) was used to maintain M, but the Judge
found there was no evidence to support this allegation. There was also no
evidence as to what happened to the rest of M’s money. We agreed. At the
appeal, OCW’s counsel argued that even if, for the sake of argument, OCW had
used M’s money for his own purposes, that would only mean that he had to
account for it but it would not affect his claim to the Property. However,
that was not OCW’s explanation below and it was just a hypothetical example.
The issue was not whether OCW had used M’s money for a proper purpose, but
simply what had happened to M’s money. As OCW said that he had used M’s money
to maintain her, it was for him to substantiate it, which he failed to do. In
these circumstances, it was fair to infer that OCW was not the ultimate source
of funds for all the Mortgage Repayments and the Ancillary Payment.

52 We did accept that because the sales proceeds of the PG Property were
received after the completion of the purchase of the Property, they could not
have been used to fund the purchase of the Property directly. All this meant,
however, was that a loan was needed initially to pay for the Property. The UOF
Loan could have been this loan, which was to be paid off with the sale
proceeds of the PG Property once they were received. Therefore, the fact that
M acquired the PG Property sale proceeds only after the purchase price for the
Property was paid did not militate against the finding that they were,
ultimately, meant to fund the purchase price and ancillary costs of the
purchase of the Property.

53 Therefore, although the Mortgage Repayments and Ancillary Payment were paid
from OCW’s bank accounts, the evidence suggested that M’s money was used as
the ultimate source of funds for the Property’s purchase. To the extent that
the Judge said that OCW had admitted that the UOF Loan was for his own
benefit, we did not take this evidence into account against OCW because he was
only admitting that he required time to pay the $500,000 and not that the UOF
Loan was used for some other purpose of his own.

Conclusion

54 Bearing in mind all the events mentioned at [36]–[46] above, the fact that
M had sufficient funds to purchase the Property, and the fact that OCW did not
explain what had happened to the sale proceeds of the PG Property, we found
that OCW did not discharge his burden of proof in showing that the Mortgage
Repayments and Ancillary Payment ultimately came from him. If they had, he
would have said so soon after M passed away when there were discussions about
her estate and the Property. OCW argued that the evidential burden shifted to
the respondents to show that while the money came from his bank accounts, the
money was not ultimately his. He suggested that they did not have a shred of
evidence to disprove his position. For the reasons above, even if the
evidential burden did shift to the respondents, we were of the view that they
discharged it. For the same reasons, OCW failed to prove a prior agreement
between M and OCW pursuant to which OCW was to fully finance the UOF Loan.
Accordingly, OCW’s claim on a resulting trust failed.

55 Given our conclusion that OCW did not prove that he ultimately paid the
Mortgage Repayments and Ancillary Payment with his own money, there was no
need to consider his proposed departure from the current legal position on
mortgage repayments as financial contributions in a resulting trusts analysis
set out in Tan Yok Koon at [142]. This issue would only have arisen if we had
found that OCW did make the Mortgage Repayments and Ancillary Payment with his
own money, but there was no prior agreement between him and M that he would do
so. Similarly, there was no need for us to consider whether ancillary payments
such as stamp duties and legal fees could count as financial contributions in
a resulting trust analysis.

Whether there was a common intention constructive trust

56 For the same reasons, OCW failed to show that there was an arrangement
between M and him that he would own the Property entirely. This meant that his
claim on a common intention constructive trust also failed.

OCW’s new alternative case

57 OCW’s new alternative case on subrogation also failed because of our
finding that he did not prove that he was the ultimate source of funds for the
Mortgage Repayments.

Laches, acquiescence and waiver

58 In the circumstances, there was no need for us to consider whether OCW’s
claims were barred by laches, acquiescence or waiver.

Conclusion

59 For the reasons above, we dismissed the appeal. We awarded costs of the
appeal to the individual respondents, ie, excluding the co-administratrices,
fixed at $50,000 inclusive of disbursements. This was at the request of their
counsel because any costs awarded to M’s estate would also benefit OCW.
However, on the other hand, all the respondents have to ensure that there is
no prejudice to OCW by such an order.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge of the Appellate Division| Kannan Ramesh  
Judge of the Appellate Division  
---|---  
Debbie Ong Siew Ling  
Judge of the Appellate Division|  
  
Thio Shen Yi SC, Koh Li Qun Kelvin (Xu Liqun) and Terence Yeo (TSMP Law
Corporation) for the appellant;

Hing Shan Shan Blosson, Chin Tian Hui Joshua and Claire Neoh Kai Xin (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 Apr 2023 (16:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

