Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 241

Suit No 164 of 2018 (Summons No 1589 of 2023)

Between

(1)| Amber Compounding Pharmacy Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Amber Laboratories Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Priscilla Lim Suk Ling  
---|---  
(2)| UrbanRx Compounding Pharmacy Pte Ltd  
(3)(4)(5)(6) | Muhammad ‘Ainul Yaqien Bin Mohamed ZinDaniel James Tai HannTee I-Lin Cheryl Tan Bo Chuan   
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Intellectual Property — Law of confidence — Breach of confidence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Amber Compounding Pharmacy Pte Ltd and another

  
v

  

Lim Suk Ling Priscilla and others

[2023] SGHC 241

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 164 of 2018 (Summons No 1589 of
2023)  
Dedar Singh Gill J  
12 July 2023

31 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

Dedar Singh Gill J:

Introduction

1 The sole issue for my determination in Summons No 1589 of 2023 (the
“Summons”) is whether a plaintiff, in a claim for breach of confidence, is
entitled to plead and claim that both its wrongful gain interest and wrongful
loss interest (as established in I-Admin (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Hong Ying Ting
and others [2020] 1 SLR 1130 (“I-Admin (CA)”)) have been infringed by the
defendant. In this judgment, I answer this question in the affirmative.

Background to the dispute and parties’ cases

2 I will briefly state the relevant facts.

3 On 14 February 2018, the plaintiffs filed HC/S 164/2018 (the “Suit”) against
the first to fifth defendants. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/S 164/2018 filed 14 February 2018.

4 The first plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore on 6 March 2008.
It specialises in the compounding of medical and pharmaceutical products. The
second plaintiff is also a Singapore-incorporated company and, among other
things, provides support services to the business of the first plaintiff. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) dated 5 April 2019 (“SOC”) at paras 1–2.

The plaintiffs claim to have, over the years, built up confidential
information and/or trade secrets such as pharmaceutical formulations, price
lists and client lists. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 5.

5 The first, third and fifth defendants were former employees of the first or
second plaintiff. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at paras 8, 10 and 12; Defence of the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 6th Defendants
(Amendment No. 1) dated 8 April 2019 (“Defence”) at paras 9, 11 and 13.

The second defendant is a compounding pharmacy incorporated in Singapore on 28
April 2017. It is undisputed that the second defendant provides services and
products that are highly similar to that offered by the first plaintiff. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 9; Defence at para 10.

The first and fourth defendants are the directors of the second defendant. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at para 9 and 11; Defence at para 10 and 12.

The sixth defendant, who is the husband of the first defendant, was later
joined to the Suit. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 13; Defence at para 14.

6 In short, the plaintiffs assert that the defendants had acted in breach of
confidence by, among other things: (a) copying confidential documents from the
plaintiffs and using the confidential information and/or trade secrets to set
up and run the second defendant and sell identical products; (b) attempting to
communicate with and solicit business from contacts listed in the first
plaintiff’s confidential list of clients; and (c) revealing confidential
information of the plaintiffs to a third party. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at paras 64–107.

7 On 14 September 2020, the plaintiffs obtained a consent judgment against the
first, second, third, fourth and sixth defendants (the “Consent Judgment”)
for, inter alia, the following orders: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Jayne Wee Shir Li’s affidavit dated 30 May 2023 at para 5 and pp 9–12.

1\. The 1st and 2nd Defendants unconditionally admit to the claims in copying
and breach of confidence in relation to the Plaintiffs' confidential
information listed in paragraph 5 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2)
(the “Confidential Information”), as pleaded in the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No. 2).

2\. The 1st and 2nd Defendants unconditionally admit to the unauthorized use
of such Confidential Information …

3\. The 1st and 2nd Defendants shall be jointly and severally liable to the
Plaintiffs in damages in respect of the matters stated in paragraphs 1 and 2
above. Damages shall be assessed for paragraphs 1 and 2 above, considering,
inter alia, the extent of the use of the Confidential Information, the extent
of dissemination of Confidential Information …, the extent to which the
documents… were used, the benefit gained / derived by the 1st and 2nd
Defendants from the said copying and breach of confidence, and the loss caused
to the Plaintiffs for the said copying and breach of confidence. Insofar as
any unauthorized use of Confidential Information is established, the
Plaintiffs shall be entitled to an account of profits and/or damages (at the
Plaintiffs' election). There shall be one set of damages payable to the
Plaintiffs in relation to the orders above (i.e. damages to both Plaintiffs
shall be assessed holistically). For the avoidance of doubt, the Plaintiffs
are not entitled to any double recovery, in respect of damages and/or account
of profits.

[emphasis added in italics; emphasis in original in bold]

The first and second defendants unconditionally admitted to the unauthorised
copying and breach of confidence in relation to the plaintiffs’ confidential
information as listed in paragraph 5 of the Statement of Claim (the
“Confidential Information”). The first and second defendants also
unconditionally admitted to the unauthorised receipt, access, and use of the
Confidential Information. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Supplemental Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) dated 12 June 2023 at paras
8 and 9; Supplemental Defence (Amendment No. 2) dated 3 July 2023 (“SD”) at
para 6.

However, notwithstanding the first and second defendant’s admission in the
Consent Judgment, the defendants stress, in their Supplemental Defence filed
in relation to the assessment of damages, that the extent of use and
dissemination of the confidential information is a matter to be adjudicated
on. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SD at para 8.

8 The plaintiffs and the first and second defendants are slated to go on trial
for the assessment of damages claimed in the Suit (the “AD Trial”). On 3 May
2023, an agreed list of issues was filed for the AD Trial. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Jayne Wee Shir Li’s affidavit dated 30 May 2023 at para 6; Plaintiff’s written
submissions dated 3 July 2023 (“PWS”) at para 5.

One area of disagreement was Issue 11, which was whether the plaintiffs are
entitled to claim for both damages under the principles laid down in Coco v A
N Clark (Engineers) Ltd [1969] RPC 41 (“Coco”) and equitable damages for
breach of confidence under the principles laid down in I-Admin (CA). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PWS at para 1.

9 On 5 May 2023, I directed parties to either reach an agreement on Issue 11
or otherwise file an application under O 33 r 2 of the Rules of Court (2014
Rev Ed), for the issue to be preliminarily determined. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Jayne Wee Shir Li’s affidavit dated 30 May 2023 at para 7; PWS at para 6;
Defendants’ written submissions dated 3 July 2023 (“DWS”) at para 1.

Parties have now come before me in the present Summons.

10 The plaintiffs’ case is essentially that they are entitled to claim both
damages under the principles laid down in Coco and equitable damages for
breach of confidence under the principles laid down in I-Admin (CA). This is
because a claim for breach of confidence can protect both the wrongful loss
interest and the wrongful gain interest at the same time, and each interest
gives rise to its own remedies. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PWS at para 13–21.

Conversely, the defendants submit that the plaintiffs are not entitled to make
such a claim because the interests are very distinct. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DWS at para 18.

The law

11 Traditionally, there were three elements for a successful claim for breach
of confidence (Coco at 47; I-Admin (CA) at [20]; Ng-Loy Wee Loon SC, Law of
Intellectual Property of Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2021) (“Ng-Loy”)
at [38.1.1]; Shanghai Afute Food and Beverage Management Co Ltd v Tan Swee
Meng and others [2023] SGHC 34 (“Shanghai Afute”) at [100(b)]) (the “Coco
approach”):

(a) that the information in question has the necessary quality of confidence
about it;

(b) this information must have been imparted in circumstances importing an
obligation of confidence; and

(c) there must be an unauthorised use of that information, and in appropriate
cases, this use must be to the detriment of the party who originally
communicated it.

12 In the seminal case of I-Admin (CA), the Court of Appeal took the
opportunity to review and extend the law on breach of confidence in Singapore
(at [43]–[66]). The Court of Appeal declared that two distinct interests guide
the operation of breach of confidence claims. First, a plaintiff has an
interest in preventing wrongful gain or profit from its confidential
information (“wrongful gain interest”) (I-Admin (CA) at [50]). Second, the
plaintiff also has an interest in avoiding wrongful loss (“wrongful loss
interest”), ie, to seek protection for the confidentiality of the information
per se. Wrongful loss is suffered so long as a defendant’s conscience has been
impacted in the breach of the obligation of confidentiality (I-Admin (CA) at
[53]); Shanghai Afute at [100(a)(ii)]).

13 Following the judgment of I-Admin (CA), the Court of Appeal clarified in
Lim Oon Kuin and others v Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP and another appeal [2022]
2 SLR 280 (“Lim Oon Kuin”) that different analytical frameworks apply
depending on whether the wrongful gain interest or wrongful loss interest is
at issue. Where the wrongful gain interest is at stake, the traditional Coco
approach applies (Lim Oon Kuin at [39] and [41]). This means that the
plaintiff bears the legal burden of proving unauthorised use of the
confidential information. However, where the wrongful loss interest is
engaged, the modified approach promulgated in I-Admin (CA) is adopted (the
“I-Admin approach”). Under the I-Admin approach, the first two requirements of
the Coco approach are preserved, ie, the relevant information must have the
necessary quality of confidence, and it must be imparted in circumstances
importing an obligation of confidence. If these two prerequisites are
satisfied, the conscience of the defendant is presumed to have been impinged,
and an action for breach of confidence is presumed (I-Admin (CA) at [61]). The
legal burden then shifts to the defendant to prove that its conscience was
unaffected (I-Admin (CA) at [61] and [62]; Lim Oon Kuin at [40]). Further, the
Court of Appeal in Lim Oon Kuin endorsed the observation of Prof Ng‑Loy that
the I-Admin approach is to be limited to “cases involving unauthorised
acquisition of the confidential information, that is, the ‘taker’ cases” (Ng-
Loy at [41.3.10]–[41.3.11]; Lim Oon Kuin at [41] and [42]).

14 Traditionally, where a claim for breach of confidence is satisfied, ie,
where the wrongful gain interest has been infringed, the law has produced a
“formidable armoury” of remedies, such as monetary remedies, “whether termed
equitable compensation or damages” (I-Admin (CA) at [56]). On the other hand,
where the defendant is liable for infringing on the wrongful loss interest,
equitable compensation would be inappropriate as its restitutionary objective
requires that a plaintiff be restored to the same position it would have been
in if the breach had not been effected, but this may be highly speculative
where there has been no actionable use of the confidential information
(I-Admin (CA) at [72]). The Court of Appeal found that an account of profits
was also not in consideration where there was no finding of actual use of the
plaintiff’s confidential materials (I-Admin (CA) at [72]).

15 Instead, the Court may order the remedy of equitable damages for
infringement of the wrongful loss interest (I-Admin (CA) at [73] and [77]). In
I-Admin (CA), the Court of Appeal then remitted the question of the precise
measure of damages to the High Court judge. However, the Court of Appeal
directed that in determining the appropriate award, the High Court judge ought
to consider the additional cost the third respondent would have incurred to
develop its software without any reference to the confidential materials of
the appellant, as well as the reduction in the time taken to set up the third
respondent’s business, allowing it to commence profit-making earlier. Taken
together, these would provide a quantifiable impression of the value of the
appellant’s information to the respondents (I-Admin (CA) at [79]).

The decision

16 Having considered the existing jurisprudence on breach of confidence, as
well as parties’ submissions, I hold that a plaintiff is entitled to plead
that it is proceeding on both the wrongful gain interest and the wrongful loss
interest in a claim for breach of confidence. Therefore, within a claim for
breach of confidence, the Court may, in fact, award both damages under the
Coco approach as well as equitable damages under the I-Admin approach.

17 I now set out the reasons for my decision.

Reason 1: No conflicting binding precedent

18 Firstly, in my judgment, there is nothing in the authorities by the Court
of Appeal that precludes a plaintiff from claiming that both its wrongful loss
and wrongful gain interests have been affected by the defendant’s breach of
confidence.

19 In I-Admin (CA), the Court of Appeal did not need to address the issue of
whether a plaintiff could claim both interests under breach of confidence
because the wrongful gain interest had not been engaged at all. The High Court
Judge found that there had been no actionable use of the confidential
information, ie, the appellant’s case failed at the third limb of the Coco
approach (I-Admin (CA) at [20] and [54]). Instead, only the wrongful loss
interest was at stake, and the Court of Appeal correspondingly found the
respondents liable for impinging on the appellants’ wrongful loss interest.

20 In fact, in I-Admin (CA) (at [54]), the Court of Appeal alluded to the
possibility that a defendant’s conduct can affect both the wrongful loss
interest and the wrongful gain interest, such that there could be a “degree of
overlap”. I set out the paragraph in full:

A question that follows is whether there is a threat to this wrongful loss
interest that warrants a more robust response by the law. The elements of
breach of confidence set out in Coco ([20] supra) explicitly protect the
wrongful gain interest. Although there is often a degree of overlap, it may
not always be the case that a defendant’s conduct will affect both the
wrongful gain and wrongful loss interests. This is exemplified by the facts of
the present appeal. It was not proven that the respondents directly profited
from their use of the appellant’s confidential materials. However, this does
not detract from the fact that the respondents knowingly acquired and
circulated these materials without consent. As submitted by Mr Lee, such
conduct would have affected the respondents’ conscience, invoking the wrongful
loss interest, because it was known that the relevant materials had been
subject to an obligation of confidence.

[emphasis added]

I agree with the plaintiffs’ submission that if “it may not always be the case
that a defendant’s conduct will affect both the wrongful gain and wrongful
loss interests”, then it follows a fortiori that there are cases where the
defendant’s conduct affects both the wrongful gain interest and wrongful loss
interest.

21 For completeness, I note that the Court of Appeal in Lim Oon Kuin also did
not face the present issue that I have to determine, ie, whether a plaintiff
in a claim for breach of confidence may plead and claim that both its wrongful
gain interest and wrongful loss interest have been infringed. Therefore, I am
not bound by precedent to refuse a plaintiff from claiming for both its
wrongful gain interest and wrongful loss interest.

Reason 2: The rationale for the wrongful loss and wrongful gain interest

22 The position that a plaintiff may plead and claim the wrongful gain
interest and wrongful loss interest is also strengthened by the Court of
Appeal’s rationale for declaring the existence of both forms of interest in
I-Admin (CA). Recognition of the wrongful loss interest is intended to bolster
and enhance protection for confidentiality. In I-Admin (CA), the Court of
Appeal began its analysis on breach of confidence by reflecting on the
circumstances where “defendants wrongfully access or acquire confidential
information but do not use or disclose the same”. Nevertheless, the Court of
Appeal stated that “their actions compromise the confidentiality of the
information in question” (I-Admin (CA) at [43]). Later on in the judgment, the
Court of Appeal suggested that the “policy objectives behind the early law of
confidence may have extended beyond safeguarding against wrongful gain”
[emphasis added] (I-Admin (CA) at [50]). At [58], the Court of Appeal then
decided that the existing legal framework “[did] not adequately safeguard [the
wrongful loss interest] or offer recourse where it has been affected”.
Subsequently, in Lim Oon Kuin, the Court of Appeal made clear that “[t]he
I‑Admin approach was … intended to specifically fill the lacuna in the law in
so far as the legitimate objective of protecting the wrongful loss interest
was concerned” (Lim Oon Kuin at [39]). Therefore, a plaintiff in a breach of
confidence claim should be allowed to seek remedies under both the Coco
approach and the I-Admin approach. The traditional approach should be applied
for confidential documents involving harm to the plaintiff’s “wrongful gain
interest” (see Lim Oon Kuin at [39]). Where there is no basis for such a
finding of harm, only the I-Admin approach should be applied.

Reason 3: No conflicting High Court dicta

23 I also take the opportunity to address two High Court decisions on breach
of confidence that have discussed the law expounded in I-Admin (CA) and Lim
Oon Kuin. The defendants averred that the dicta in these decisions support
their position that the plaintiffs are not entitled to simultaneously claim
damages under the Coco approach as well as equitable damages under the I-Admin
approach. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DWS at paras 12–15.

I disagree with this argument.

24 The first High Court judgment is that of Writers Studio Pte Ltd v Chin Kwok
Yung [2022] SGHC 205 (“Writers Studio”). The defendants relied on the
following dictum by Lee Seiu Kin J (Writers Studio at [135]):

I would add that in future cases, now that Lim Oon Kuin has provided clarity
on the “modified approach” in I-Admin, counsel should take care to plead with
specificity, whether they are proceeding on the basis of the “wrongful loss”
or “wrongful gain” interest.

[emphasis added]

In my view, this statement by Lee J must be viewed in its rightful context.

25 In Writers Studio, the plaintiff, a business providing education support
services to primary school students, claimed that the defendant, who had
worked for the plaintiff as a tuition teacher, breached his duty of
confidentiality by contacting the plaintiff’s clients privately, among other
things (Writers Studio at [41]). One of the issues in Writers Studio was that
the plaintiff did not plead that the defendant had infringed on its wrongful
loss interest. Even though the claim in Writers Studio commenced after the
Court of Appeal had handed down its decision in I-Admin (CA), the plaintiff in
that case appeared unaware of the development of the I-Admin approach. The
plaintiff’s pleadings had been framed based on the requirements set forth in
Coco. Therefore, it appeared to have proceeded on the basis that the law was
as it stood prior to I-Admin (CA) (Writers Studio at [134]). Given that the
plaintiff had not pleaded that its wrongful loss interest was at stake, Lee J
held that it was no longer open to it to rely on the I-Admin approach and that
it “must now let the chips lie where they have fallen”. Lee J noted that even
though there had been some uncertainty about the nature of the burden of proof
for the defendant to show that his conscience was unaffected (prior to Lim Oon
Kuin), “it was always open to [the plaintiff] to have pleaded the point”. Lee
J also stressed that “pleadings are meant to give the other party notice of
one’s case” (Writers Studio at [135]).

26 Viewed in this context, it becomes clear that the purpose of Lee J’s dictum
was not to convey that a plaintiff may only plead either the wrongful loss
interest or wrongful gain interest when claiming for breach of confidence.
Rather, Lee J appeared to be imploring counsel to sufficiently plead their
clients’ cases for breach of confidence. Given this recent development in the
law, where the Court of Appeal had pronounced that not one but two distinct
interests guide the operation of breach of confidence claims, it is important
for a plaintiff to plead all facts pertaining to either or both of the
interests that the plaintiff decides to proceed on. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PWS at para 20.

This is also consistent with the earlier analysis in Singapore Civil Procedure
2021 vol 1 (Cavinder Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at [18/12/6]:

The plaintiffs must provide all the particulars sought of the allegations of
breach of confidence in their statement of claim. It is only fair for the
defendants to know the information they are alleged to have used. (Chiarapurk
Jack & Ors. V. Haw Par Brothers International Ltd. & Anor. and another appeal
[1993] 2 S.L.R. (R.) 620, CA.)

Therefore, Lee J’s dictum in Writers Studio fails to support the defendants’
case.

27 The second judgment cited by the respondents is my earlier decision of
Shanghai Afute. In Shanghai Afute, the plaintiff mounted its breach of
confidence claim on two alternative bases – the defendants’ breach of cl 6(5)
of its master franchise agreement and breach of a general obligation of
confidentiality in common law or equity. As I found that the defendants were
in breach of cl 6(5), the plaintiff was not entitled to more damages under the
alternative cause of action due to the rule against double recovery.
Nonetheless, I considered the merits of the plaintiff’s breach of confidence
claim. This was because the plaintiff had sought an injunction on the use of
the alleged confidential information and an order to deliver up any material
containing the alleged confidential information only as part of the remedies
for its breach of confidence claim (Shanghai Afute at [99]). The plaintiff’s
case was essentially that two of the defendants had misused the alleged
confidential information or allowed the alleged confidential information to be
misused to unlawfully gain a head start in establishing and operating the
alleged competing business (Shanghai Afute at [23] and [24]). I found that
there was a breach of confidence by the sale and disclosure of certain
confidential information to a company owned by the third defendant and granted
an injunction against the first defendant to restrain him from using that
certain confidential information for any purpose (Shanghai Afute at [151] and
[154]).

28 In that case, I summarised the law on breach of confidence and set out the
relevant approach to analysing whether there was, in fact, a breach of
confidence (Shanghai Afute at [100]):

In summary, the following bifurcated approach is applied to establish an
action for the breach of the equitable obligation of confidence:

(a) First, determine which interest the action for breach of confidence seeks
to protect:

(i) wrongful gain interest … ; or

(ii) wrongful loss interest …

(b) If the wrongful gain interest is at stake, the traditional approach in
Coco v AN Clark (Engineers) Ltd [1969] RPC 41 (“Coco”) applies: Lim Oon Kuin
and others v Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP and another appeal [2022] 2 SLR 280
(“Lim Oon Kuin”) at [39] and [41]. The Coco test requires the plaintiff to
establish the following:

(i) That the information in question has the necessary quality of confidence
about it.

(ii) The information must have been imparted in circumstances importing an
obligation of confidence.

(iii) There must be an unauthorised use of the information, and in appropriate
cases, this use must be to the detriment of the party who originally
communicated it.

[emphasis added]

29 Subsequently, at [103], I similarly noted that:

[t]he correct approach is first to determine whether the defendant’s actions
were an incursion to the wrongful gain interest or the wrongful loss interest,
before applying the traditional approach or the modified approach
respectively…

[emphasis added]

The defendants have interpreted these dicta to mean that a plaintiff cannot
pursue claims based on both the wrongful gain interest and the wrongful loss
interest in the assessment of its damages. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DWS at para 19.

30 I accept that Shanghai Afute would have provided clearer guidance if it had
stated that the first step in the inquiry is to determine whether the
defendant’s actions were an incursion to the wrongful gain interest and/or the
wrongful loss interest. That said, the issue that I am faced with here did not
arise in Shanghai Afute. In Shanghai Afute, the plaintiff simply relied on the
I-Admin modified approach in its closing submissions with no explanation
proffered for its preference for this approach. Its pleadings were silent on
the nature of the interest relied on in its claim for breach of confidence
(Shanghai Afute at [103]). However, on the facts, the I-Admin approach did not
apply. This was because Shanghai Afute was not a “taker” case. The plaintiff
had itself pleaded that the alleged confidential information was provided by
the plaintiff to further the arrangement pursuant to parties’ master franchise
agreement. Therefore, the relevant interest in Shanghai Afute was the wrongful
gain interest (Shanghai Afute at [104]). Given that the plaintiff had
(wrongly) made an election between the I-Admin approach and the Coco approach,
albeit, without any explanation, I sought to draw out the required steps to
make such an election and applied the relevant approach. Therefore, the
approach set out at [100] and [103] in Shanghai Afute was not intended to be
exhaustive. The approach is to be applied where parties choose to elect
between the I-Admin approach and Coco approach, but it does not mean that a
plaintiff cannot simultaneously claim for its wrongful gain and wrongful loss
interests in the same suit.

31 In principle, it also makes sense for a plaintiff to be entitled to plead
and claim both forms of interests. To illustrate, in a “taker” situation,
Party A has unauthorisedly acquired ten confidential documents belonging to
Party B. Over the course of the proceedings, it is found that only three of
the ten documents were, in fact, used by Party A (so as to satisfy the third
limb of the Coco approach). As for the remaining seven documents, there is no
evidence that there was actionable use by Party A (ie, these documents did not
fulfil the third requirement of the Coco approach), but nonetheless, they were
wrongfully “taken”. In such circumstances, Party B may claim for its wrongful
gain interest and its wrongful loss interest. As held in I-Admin (CA), the
wrongful loss interest is “distinct” from the wrongful gain interest (I-Admin
(CA) at [53]). The Coco approach and the I-Admin approach each seek to protect
different wrongs that have been committed by the defendant against the
plaintiff, and the plaintiff should be entitled to protect both interests. For
completeness, I note that the parties have not argued before me that for the
same document, the plaintiffs are entitled to claim for both the wrongful gain
interest and the wrongful loss interest. Therefore, this judgment does not
decide this issue.

Conclusion

32 In conclusion, a plaintiff is entitled to plead that it is proceeding on
both the wrongful gain interest and the wrongful loss interest in a claim for
breach of confidence and therefore claim for both damages under the Coco
approach and equitable damages under the I-Admin approach.

Dedar Singh Gill  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Derek Kang Yu Hsien and Yeo Wei Ying Jolyn (Cairnhill Law LLC) for the first
and second plaintiffs;

Pereira George Barnabas and Chan Chee Yun Timothy (Pereira & Tan LLC) for the
first and second defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 31 Aug 2023 (12:44 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

