Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 275

Originating Application No 642 of 2022

Between

| CYE  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

| CYF  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Arbitration — Award — Recourse against award — Setting aside]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CYE

  
v

  

CYF

[2023] SGHC 275

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 642 of 2022  
S Mohan J  
2 March, 12–13 April 2023, 29 September 2023

29 September 2023 Judgment reserved.

S Mohan J:

1 HC/OA 642/2022 (“OA 642”) is the claimant’s application, made pursuant to s
48 of the Arbitration Act 2001 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “AA”), to set aside a Final
Award (the “Award”) rendered by a sole arbitrator (the “Arbitrator”) under the
auspices of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (the “SIAC”).

2 For the reasons I shall elaborate upon, I dismiss the claimant’s
application.

3 On 18 April 2023, I ordered that the details pertaining to, inter alia, the
parties be anonymised in any judgment published in this matter. Accordingly,
the parties’ identities, individuals’ names, dates and certain details
relating to the transaction concerned have been anonymised or redacted in this
judgment.

Facts

The parties

4 The claimant is a company incorporated under the laws of Singapore, engaged
in the business of energy trading and the wholesale distribution of petroleum
and petroleum products. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of the claimant dated 11 October 2022 (“Claimant’s 1st Affidavit”)
at para 8.

5 The defendant is also a company incorporated under the laws of Singapore,
engaged in the business of commercial storage of petroleum and petroleum
products. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 9.

6 Sometime in or around [M0 Y0 – month and year redacted], Co A, a company
related to the defendant, collapsed as a result of significant trading and
financial liabilities. Co A was owned and controlled by X, Y and Z (the
“Controllers”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 11.

The defendant is wholly owned by another company, which was indirectly owned
by the Controllers. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 12.

7 Y was the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the defendant. After his
resignation as CEO, he remained a director of the defendant. Y was also a
director of Co A. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 13.

X was a director of the defendant until his resignation in [M0 Y0]. X was also
the managing director of Co A. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 14.

Background to the dispute

8 In the month preceding [M0 Y0], the claimant and the defendant entered into
an agreement dated [D0 – date redacted] (but executed the following day),
pursuant to which the defendant agreed to provide the claimant with storage
and terminal facilities and services at its terminal (the “Terminal”) for
Gasoil 10 PPM S (the “Product”) with a total working capacity of [redacted]
cubic meters (“cbm”) (the “Storage Agreement”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at paras 4 and 15.

The parties subsequently entered into an addendum to increase the working
capacity to [redacted] cbm (the “Addendum”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 16.

9 On the same date [D0], the claimant entered into a contract with Co A, under
which Co A agreed to sell the claimant [redacted] barrels of the Product
plus/minus 5% at operational tolerance in one lot via a transfer at the
Terminal during the period [D0+2] to [D0+4] (the “1st Sale Contract”). Payment
was to be made by letter of credit. Pursuant to the contract, title and risk
would pass from Co A to the claimant at [time redacted] on the transfer date.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at paras 17–18; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 3 of Tab C
at pp 245–250 (cll 3, 4, 7, 8 and 12).

10 As of that date (ie, [D0]), a total quantity of [redacted] metric tons
(“mt”) (or approximately [redacted] barrels) of Product was present in tanks
Alpha, Bravo and Charlie. The tanks allocated to the claimant under the
Storage Agreement were tanks Delta, Bravo, Charlie and Echo with a total
capacity of [redacted] cbm. Following the conclusion of the Addendum, tank
Foxtrot was added to accommodate the additional [redacted] cbm (tanks Bravo,
Charlie, Delta, Echo and Foxtrot are collectively the “Allocated Tanks”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 20.

11 A certificate dated [D0+2] on the defendant’s letterhead (bearing its
watermark) and with the defendant’s company stamp affixed with ink (the “1st
Certificate”) identified Co A as the transferor and the claimant as the
transferee of a quantity of [redacted] mt or [redacted] barrels of the Product
(the “1st Parcel”) at the Terminal and identified the supplying and receiving
tanks as tanks Delta, Bravo, Charlie and Echo. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 21; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 5 of Tab C at p
254.

It is disputed whether the defendant’s company stamp was affixed with “wet
ink”, a point I come back to later in this judgment.

12 The claimant claimed that the defendant had issued the 1st Certificate on
[D0+2] and that, in accordance with cl [redacted] of the 1st Sale Contract,
title to the 1st Parcel had passed from Co A to the claimant at [time
redacted] on the same date (ie, [D0+2]). The defendant denied that it had
issued the 1st Certificate. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 21.

The claimant also received a second certificate sometime later on [D0+13] (the
“2nd Certificate”) in respect of the 1st Parcel to include tank Foxtrot. The
defendant also denied that it had issued the 2nd Certificate. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 31.

13 As of [D0+2], there was only a total of [redacted] barrels of the Product
stored in the Allocated Tanks. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 22.

14 On [D0+5], a staff member of Co A sent a staff member of the defendant a
text message with instructions for a ship (“Ship 1”) to load close to a
minimum of [redacted] barrels of Product from tank Delta (to “deplete”) and
the balance from tank Gryphon during the period [D0+6] to [D0+8]. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 23.

On [D0+7] and [D0+8], all of the Product in tank Delta was accordingly loaded
on board Ship 1 on Co A’s instructions, leaving that tank empty. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 26.

15 Pursuant to a contract dated [D0+8] (the “Co A Sale Contract”), the
claimant sold to Co A a quantity of [redacted] barrels of the Product
plus/minus 5% at operational tolerance on a free on board basis Terminal
during the period [D0+9] to [D0+11]. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 25; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 7 of Tab C at
pp 258–272.

16 On [D0+8], Co A nominated another ship (“Ship 2”) as the loading vessel for
the Product sold under the Co A Sale Contract, with loading to commence on
[D0+9]. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 27; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 8 of Tab C at p
276.

All the Product in tanks Bravo, Charlie and Echo, amounting to a total
quantity of [redacted] barrels (the “Co A Parcel”), was loaded on board Ship
2, leaving those tanks empty. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 29.

17 On [D0+12], the claimant entered into a second contract with Co A, under
which Co A agreed to sell the claimant [redacted] barrels of the Product
plus/minus 5% at operational tolerance in one lot via a transfer at the
Terminal during the period [D0+13] to [D0+15] (the “2nd Sale Contract”).
Payment was to be made by letter of credit. As with the 1st Sale Contract,
title and risk would pass from Co A to the claimant at [time redacted] on the
transfer date. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 32; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 15 of Tab C at
pp 310–315.

18 On [D0+19], the claimant received by hand from a Co A representative a
certificate (the “3rd Certificate”) printed on the defendant’s letterhead on
watermarked paper, signed in ink and with the defendant’s company stamp
affixed in ink. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 33.

It is also in dispute whether the defendant’s company stamp on the 3rd
Certificate was affixed with “wet ink”, a point to which I shall also return
later in this judgment.

19 The 3rd Certificate was dated [D0+14] and identified Co A as the transferor
and the claimant as the transferee of a quantity of [redacted] mt or
[redacted] barrels of the Product (the “2nd Parcel”) at the Terminal and
identified the supplying and receiving tanks as tanks Alpha, Delta, Bravo and
Charlie. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 34; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 17 of Tab C at
p 319.

It was the claimant’s case that, under cl [redacted] of the 2nd Sale Contract,
title in the 2nd Parcel had passed from Co A to the claimant at [time
redacted] on [D0+14]. The defendant denied that the 3rd Certificate had been
issued with its authority. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 34.

20 Together with the 2nd Certificate, the claimant’s Product was thus
identified as having been stored in a total of six storage tanks, ie, tanks
Alpha, Delta, Bravo, Charlie, Foxtrot and Echo (the “Storage Tanks”). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 34.

According to the claimant’s records, a total of [redacted] barrels of the
Product were stored in the Storage Tanks by [D0+14]. However, as of [D0+14],
the Storage Tanks were, in fact, empty save for tank Alpha which contained
only [redacted] barrels of “Gasoil HS”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 35; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 18 of Tab C at
pp 321–332.

21 On [D0+16], Co A instructed the defendant to transfer all the Product in
tanks Alpha ([redacted] barrels) and Foxtrot ([redacted] barrels) into tank
Hotel. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 36; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 19 of Tab C at
p 334.

By [D0+17], all of the Storage Tanks were empty, on Co A’s instructions. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 35; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 18 of Tab C at
pp 321–332.

22 Several other entities subsequently asserted competing claims over the
products stored in the Storage Tanks. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at paras 37–38.

23 Following Co A’s collapse, the claimant gave formal notice of the immediate
termination of the Storage Agreement on [D0+28] through its solicitor’s letter
addressed to the defendant. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 38; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 20 of Tab C at
p 336.

24 On [D0+29], the claimant requested confirmation from the defendant that the
claimant’s Product was still stored in the Storage Tanks and had not been
commingled with other cargoes and that the Storage Tanks were sealed and would
not be operated without the claimant’s written consent. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 38; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 20 of Tab C at
pp 336–337.

Between [D0+30] and [D0+35], the claimant wrote to the defendant on numerous
occasions to arrange for the removal of Product from the Storage Tanks but
those requests were not acceded to. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 40; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 22 of Tab C at
pp 342–490.

The arbitration proceedings

25 On [D0+33], the claimant commenced arbitration proceedings against the
defendant (the “Arbitration”), in accordance with the arbitration agreement
set out in the General Terms and Conditions to the Storage Agreement and the
Addendum to the Storage Agreement. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 1 of Tab F at pp 567–575.

26 The Arbitration was seated in Singapore and conducted in accordance with
the SIAC Rules 2016.

27 Shortly after the commencement of the Arbitration, an Emergency Arbitrator
appointed by the SIAC granted the claimant an interim injunction restraining
the defendant from disposing of the Product claimed to be stored in tanks
Alpha, Delta, Charlie and Bravo. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award dated 12 July 2022 (“Final Award”))
at p 111 (para 74).

28 Slightly more than three months after the Arbitration was commenced, the
arbitral tribunal was constituted with the SIAC appointing Mr Stuart Isaacs QC
(now KC) as the sole arbitrator. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 111 (para 76).

29 In the Arbitration, the claimant sought an order for the defendant to
account for the claimant’s [redacted] barrels of Product that should have been
stored in the defendant’s Storage Tanks pursuant to the 2nd and 3rd
Certificates, and claimed the full value of the claimant’s Product, amounting
to [US$X – quantum redacted]. Further and/or in the alternative, the claimant
sought damages to be assessed. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 8 of Tab F (Claimant’s Statement of Claim (Amendment
No. 1) in the Arbitration (“SOC A1”)) at pp 862–863.

30 In the claimant’s amended statement of claim (Statement of Claim (Amendment
No. 1)) in the Arbitration (“SOC A1”), the claimant’s case against the
defendant consisted of the following claims: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 8 of Tab F (SOC A1) at pp 838–862.

(a) The defendant breached the Storage Agreement fraudulently and/or otherwise
in three respects:

(i) The defendant failed to allocate tanks for the claimant’s exclusive use
pursuant to Art [redacted] of the Commercial Conditions of the Storage
Agreement and Arts [redacted] of the General Terms and Conditions of the
Storage Agreement.

(ii) The defendant failed to deliver up the claimant’s Product following
termination of the Storage Agreement contrary to Art [redacted] of the General
Terms and Conditions of the Storage Agreement.

(iii) The defendant took instructions relating to the claimant’s Product from
a third party (ie, Co A), in breach of Art [redacted] of the Commercial
Conditions of the Storage Agreement and Art [redacted] of the General Terms
and Conditions of the Storage Agreement.

(b) The defendant was liable for fraudulent and/or negligent misrepresentation
in issuing the Certificates containing false representations.

(c) The defendant was liable for conversion and detinue.

(d) The defendant was negligent in failing to exercise reasonable care and
skill over the use of its letterhead, watermarked paper and company stamp.

(e) The defendant conspired by unlawful means with Co A to defraud the
claimant.

31 The defendant denied all the claims. Additionally, the defendant raised a
counterclaim against the claimant for unpaid storage fees amounting to
[quantum redacted]. The defendant also sought a declaration that it is
entitled to assert a general or particular lien over the products stored in
tanks Alpha, Delta, Bravo and/or Charlie insofar as the sum of [redacted] or
any other sum remains outstanding from the claimant 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 9 of Tab F (Defendant’s Statement of Defence and
Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1) in the Arbitration) at pp 895–897.

– this claim for a declaration was withdrawn in the defendant’s written
opening submissions. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 124 (fn 25).

32 The evidentiary hearing took place over five days, approximately one year
and six months after arbitration proceedings were commenced. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at pp 116–117 (para 138).

33 On [date redacted], the Arbitrator declared the proceedings closed. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 118 (para 154).

Key findings in the Award

34 On [date redacted], the Arbitrator published the Award. The Arbitrator
dismissed all of the claimant’s claims and allowed the defendant’s
counterclaim. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at pp 95–177.

Alleged breach of the Storage Agreement

35 With respect to the claimant’s case that the defendant had breached the
Storage Agreement in failing to allocate tanks for the claimant’s exclusive
use (see [30(a)(i)] above), the Arbitrator held that neither Art [redacted] of
the Commercial Conditions of the Storage Agreement nor Art [redacted] of the
General Terms and Conditions of the Storage Agreement required the defendant
to allocate tanks for the claimant’s exclusive use. Article [redacted] of the
General Terms and Conditions made reference to “exclusive use”, but in a
“different context”. Article [redacted] of the General Terms and Conditions
imposed an obligation on the claimant, and not the defendant, to return
possession of the Storage Tanks upon termination of the Storage Agreement; it
also made no reference to exclusivity. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 125 (para 168).

36 The Arbitrator also addressed the claimant’s argument that the defendant
had breached Art [redacted] of the Commercial Conditions of the Storage
Agreement by allocating some of the tanks used to store the claimant’s Product
to other parties. The Arbitrator stated that it preferred the defendant’s
submission that: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 126 (paras 170–171).

[t]he fact that there are three parties claiming for the products in the
[tanks] does not mean that [the defendant] had triple allocated the tanks; it
means that [Co A] has allegedly sold the same products thrice (or more). As a
terminal storage operator, [the defendant] was neither privy to nor concerned
with [Co A’s] arrangements with third parties regarding the ownership of the
products in the tanks. [The defendant’s] only responsibility was for the
tanks, and in this regard, [the defendant] had dutifully ensured that the
[tanks] had only been allocated to one customer at a time …

37 In respect of the claimant’s case that the defendant had breached the
Storage Agreement in failing to deliver up the claimant’s Product following
the termination of the Storage Agreement (see [30(a)(ii)] above), the
Arbitrator held that Art [redacted] of the General Terms and Conditions of the
Storage Agreement placed obligations on the claimant, and not the defendant,
to take possession and remove all the Product stored in the Storage Tanks upon
termination. Further, at the point of termination of the Storage Agreement,
there was no Product belonging to the claimant stored in the Storage Tanks at
the Terminal. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 127 (paras 174, 176).

38 As for the claimant’s case that the defendant had breached the Storage
Agreement by taking instructions relating to the claimant’s Product from a
third party (ie, Co A) (see [30(a)(iii)] above), the Arbitrator held that the
defendant had been entitled to take instructions from Co A alone. Pursuant to
Art [redacted] of the Commercial Conditions of the Storage Agreement,
operational communications to the claimant were to be given care of Co A. The
Arbitrator found that this applied not just to the making of communications by
the defendant to the claimant via Co A, but also to the making of
communications to the defendant by Co A on the claimant’s behalf. The effect
of Art [redacted] of the Commercial Conditions was to authorise Co A to act as
the claimant’s agent in respect of operational communications. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at pp 128–129 (paras 180–184).

Alleged fraudulent and/or negligent misrepresentation

39 With respect to the claimant’s allegation that the defendant was liable for
fraudulent and/or negligent misrepresentation in issuing the Certificates (see
[30(b)] above), the Arbitrator held that the defendant had not issued or
authorised the issuance of the Certificates. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at pp 132–133 (paras 193–200).

Even assuming that X and Y had issued the Certificates, the Arbitrator found
that they would have been acting in the pursuit of their or Co A’s own
interests, and thus the defendant would not be vicariously liable for X’s
and/or Y’s issuance of the Certificates. The Arbitrator further found that if
the Certificates were issued by Co A, otherwise than through X and Y, it would
be even harder for the close connection test to be satisfied. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at pp 133–136 (paras 201–211).

Alleged conspiracy to defraud the claimant

40 In respect of the claimant’s allegation that the defendant had conspired
with Co A to defraud the claimant (see [30(e)] above), the Arbitrator noted
that the allegation of conspiracy was “at the forefront” of the claimant’s
case 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at pp 123–124 (para 160).

and that a key part of the claimant’s case involved the knowledge of X and Y
being attributed to both Co A and the defendant. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 140 (para 223).

41 The Arbitrator did not agree with the claimant’s submission that X’s and
Y’s knowledge of the non-existent Product in the Storage Tanks was to be
attributed to the defendant under the agency doctrine because the defendant
had not been under a duty to make inquiry into the non-existence of the
Product. In the absence of a duty to make inquiry, X’s and Y’s knowledge was
not attributable to the defendant under the agency doctrine. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 147 (para 243).

42 As for the identification doctrine, the Arbitrator found that the knowledge
of X and Y could not be attributed to the defendant as if they were one and
the same person, such that the defendant could be deemed as having combined
with Co A to harm the claimant. In this regard, the Arbitrator was not
satisfied that X and Y alone were free to commit the defendant to the alleged
combination; they were not the directing mind and will of the defendant with
full discretion to act independently of the board. The Arbitrator also found
it important to bear in mind that the conspiracy as pleaded by the claimant
was alleged to have occurred at a time before the Storage Agreement had been
entered into. Matters relied on by the claimant in terms of X’s and Y’s roles
subsequent to the entering into of the Storage Agreement could not form the
basis on which to infer the alleged combination at a much earlier point in
time. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at pp 148–149 (para 247).

43 As for the claimant’s submission that other employees of the defendant had
been privy to the alleged conspiracy and that their knowledge of the
combination should be attributed to the defendant via the agency doctrine, the
Arbitrator reiterated that the defendant was not under a duty to make inquiry
into the non-existence of the Product. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at pp 151, 154 (paras 250, 254).

44 Further, the Arbitrator held that there was insufficient basis for any
inference that the conduct complained of was intended to injure the claimant.
The terms of the Storage Agreement were not negotiated in such a way as to
have been intended to cause the claimant loss. Causing loss to the claimant
was also not a necessary part of achieving the alleged common goal of the
defendant and Co A of getting paid under the Storage Agreement and under the
1st and 2nd Sale Contracts respectively. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 156 (para 262).

Alleged negligence

45 As for the claimant’s alternative claim in negligence (see [30(d)] above),
the Arbitrator concluded that no duty of care was owed by the defendant to
safeguard access to its watermarked paper and company stamp. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 161 (para 282).

Alleged conversion and detinue

46 Finally, as regards the claimant’s claim in the tort of conversion and
detinue (see [30(c)] above), the claimant relied on the Certificates to
establish both title and a right of possession to the cargoes stored in the
Storage Tanks. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 164 (para 297).

The claimant submitted that, to the extent that the defendant was estopped
from denying that the cargoes were stored in the Storage Tanks, it was liable
in conversion and detinue. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 164 (para 296).

47 As the Arbitrator concluded that the defendant was not responsible or
deemed to be responsible for the issuance of the Certificates, the Arbitrator
found that there was no representation made by the defendant on which to found
the alleged estoppel, upon which the claimant’s claims in conversion and
detinue were based. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 166 (para 305).

Therefore, the claimant’s claim to recover in conversion and detinue, for the
barrels of Product which should have remained in the Storage Tanks, failed.

Defendant’s counterclaim for unpaid storage fees

48 In respect of the defendant’s counterclaim for the unpaid storage fees (see
[31] above), the Arbitrator found that there was no total failure to perform
or breach of the Storage Agreement on the defendant’s part. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 168 (para 320).

Accordingly, the defendant was entitled to recover the storage fees due to it
under the 1st and 2nd Tax Invoices in the full amount claimed. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at pp 168–169.

49 The net result was that the claimant’s claim was dismissed entirely while
the defendant’s counterclaim succeeded.

The parties’ cases

50 Dissatisfied with the Award, the claimant filed the present application to
set aside the Award.

51 The claimant contends that the Arbitrator breached the rules of natural
justice (viz, the fair hearing rule) in three respects: 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 23 February 2023 (“CWS”) at paras 2–3.

(a) The Arbitrator failed to consider:

(i) the claimant’s claim based on the breach of an implied term of the Storage
Agreement (the “Implied Term Contention”);

(ii) the claimant’s argument that the defendant was vicariously liable for Co
A’s issuance of the Certificates, which constituted fraudulent or negligent
misrepresentations (the “Vicarious Liability Contention”); and

(iii) the claimant’s arguments on establishing a combination between the
defendant and Co A (the “Combination Contention”).

In this regard, the gist of the claimant’s argument is that the Award was
infra petita as the Arbitrator failed to decide a number of issues that were
within the scope of submission.

(b) The Arbitrator failed to provide any or adequate reasons and explanations
for the contentions set out in (a) above.

(c) The Arbitrator failed to give the claimant a reasonable opportunity to
present its case on whether forensic evidence was required to prove that the
company stamps on the Certificates were in wet ink.

52 Second, the claimant argues that the defendant suppressed material evidence
and adduced false oral testimony in the Arbitration, such that the Award was
induced or affected by fraud and, simultaneously, was also contrary to public
policy. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

CWS at paras 2–3.

53 The defendant contends that the claimant’s setting aside application is
completely lacking in merit. The defendant argues that the Arbitrator:

(a) determined the claimant’s claim based on the implied term of the Storage
Agreement; 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 23 February 2023 (“DWS”) at paras 27–45.

(b) determined and provided adequate reasons for his findings on the
claimant’s vicarious liability claims; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DWS at paras 46–57.

(c) determined and considered the claimant’s argument that the defendant had a
duty to inquire in relation to the conspiracy claim; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DWS at paras 58–69.

and

(d) provided the claimant with a reasonable opportunity to present its case on
the Certificates, including specifically on whether forensic evidence was
required to prove that the company stamps on the Certificates were in wet ink
and whether the defendant should be held liable if X and Y had apparent
authority to issue the Certificates even if they had done so fraudulently. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DWS at paras 70–88.

54 As regards the claimant’s allegation that the Award was induced or affected
by fraud and simultaneously contrary to public policy, the defendant submits
that it did not suppress evidence or give false testimony in the Arbitration.
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DWS at paras 89–122.

Whether the Arbitrator acted in breach of the rules of natural justice

Whether the Arbitrator failed to apply his mind to essential issues submitted
to him

55 It is undisputed that under the AA, an arbitral award may be set aside by
the court if a breach of the rules of natural justice occurred in connection
with the making of the award by which the rights of any party have been
prejudiced: s 48(1)(a)(vii) of the AA. This provision is in pari materia with
s 24(b) of the International Arbitration Act 1994 (2020 Rev Ed) (“IAA”).

56 One of the pillars of natural justice is that parties must be given
adequate notice and opportunity to be heard. This means that each party must
be given a fair hearing and a fair or reasonable opportunity to present its
case: Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3
SLR(R) 86 (“Soh Beng Tee”) at [43].

57 The law is clear that the failure to consider an important issue that has
been pleaded in an arbitration constitutes a breach of natural justice because
in such a case, the arbitrator would not have brought his mind to bear on an
important aspect of the dispute before him. Consideration of the pleaded
issues is an essential feature of the rule of natural justice that is
encapsulated in the Latin adage, audi alteram partem: AKN and another v ALC
and others and other appeals [2015] 3 SLR 488 (“AKN”) at [46].

58 For the reasons elaborated upon below, the claimant has not persuaded me
that the Arbitrator failed to apply his mind to the relevant issues, ie, the
Implied Term Contention, Vicarious Liability Contention, and Combination
Contention. I will address them in turn.

Implied Term Contention

59 The claimant submits that the Arbitrator failed to consider the claimant’s
claim that there was a breach of a term in the Storage Agreement, implied in
fact, that “[the defendant] would inform [the claimant] if as at the
Commencement Date (as defined in the Storage Agreement) of the Storage
Agreement, any Storage Tank (as defined in the Storage Agreement) contains
product either belonging to other customers, or where [the defendant] does not
know to whom the product belongs, or where [the defendant] has not been
informed that the product belongs to [the claimant]” (the “Implied Term”). 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

CWS at para 13.

60 The claimant argues that the existence and breach of the Implied Term were
issues raised in the Arbitration, particularly in its amendments to the
statement of claim; in the defendant’s amended statement of defence and
counterclaim; in the parties’ respective lists of issues; at the oral hearing;
and in the parties’ closing submissions. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

CWS at para 14.

Core to its case, the claimant contends that its claim for breach of the
Implied Term was advanced as a “standalone” 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

CWS at para 21.

, “independent” 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

CWS at para 39.

and alternative basis to claim damages for loss of chance from the defendant,
and was not withdrawn or abandoned by the claimant at any time.

61 The defendant does not contest that the “[p]arties had pleaded and made
substantial submissions on the Implied Term Allegation”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Affidavit of the defendant dated 21 November 2022 (“Defendant’s 1st
Affidavit”) at para 24(a).

Rather, the defendant’s case is that the Arbitrator had, in the Award,
determined and addressed the claimant’s arguments on the Implied Term.

62 To set the context behind this ground of objection, it would be useful to
set out the arguments and issues raised by the parties before the Arbitrator
in relation to the Implied Term:

(a) At para 11A of SOC A1, the claimant pleaded the implication of the term
into the Storage Agreement, ie, the existence of the Implied Term: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 8 of Tab F (SOC A1) at pp 814–815; Claimant’s 1st
Affidavit at para 47.

11A. It was a term implied by fact into the Storage Agreement that the
[defendant] would inform the [c]laimant if as at the Commencement Date (as
defined in the Storage Agreement) of the Storage Agreement, any Storage Tank
(as defined in the Storage Agreement) contains product either belonging to
other customers, or where the [defendant] does not know to whom the product
belongs, or where the [defendant] has not been informed that the product
belongs to the [c]laimant (“Implied Term”), the Implied Term is implied into
the Storage Agreement for the following reasons:

…

(b) At paras 82A–82B of SOC A1, the claimant pleaded (in a section of SOC A1
dealing with the contention that the defendant had breached its obligation to
allocate tanks for the exclusive use of the claimant) that the defendant had
also breached the Implied Term and that as a result, the claimant had lost the
chance to avoid the loss occasioned by the 1st and 2nd Sale Contracts: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 8 of Tab F (SOC A1) at pp 843–844; Claimant’s 1st
Affidavit at para 48.

82A. The [defendant] also breached the Implied Term. Paragraph 11A above is
repeated.

82B. Had the [defendant] complied with the Implied Term, it would have
informed the [c]laimant of the quantity and quality of the product in the
Storage Tanks and/or set the [c]laimant on a chain of inquiry as to the
ownership, quantity and quality of such product in the individual Storage
Tanks and/or the aggregate quantity of the product in all relevant Storage
Tanks. The [c]laimant would then have discovered that the Gasoil 10 ppm S
contained therein did not correspond to the quantity later stated in [Co A’s]
commercial invoice and letter of warranty of title for the 1st [redacted] Sale
and the 1st [redacted] Certificate or the 2nd [redacted] Certificate, or [Co
A], having been made aware of such disclosure and/or investigation, would have
revised down the quantity of the Gasoil 10 ppm S to be comprised in the 1st
Parcel to the quantity actually contained in the relevant Storage Tanks or
would have transferred and/or sold more Gasoil 10 ppm S to the [c]laimant to
make up the shortfall. The [c]laimant has therefore lost the chance to avoid
the loss occasioned by the 1st and 2nd Sale Contracts.

(c) At para 114D(d)(ii) of SOC A1, the claimant relied on the breach of the
Implied Term as one of the unlawful acts committed pursuant to the alleged
conspiracy: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 8 of Tab F (SOC A1) at pp 859–860; Claimant’s 1st
Affidavit at para 49.

114D. The [defendant] conspired with [Co A] to defraud the [c]laimant.

…

(d) The [defendant] and [Co A] committed the following unlawful acts with the
intention of injuring the [c]laimant:

…

(ii) As of [D0], the tanks allocated to the [c]laimant were filled with gasoil
belonging to [Co A], but in breach of the Implied Term, the [defendant] did
not inform the [c]laimant of this fact.

(d) The defendant, on the other hand, pleaded that the implication of the term
was unnecessary, and parties would not have intended for its inclusion (para
9A of the defendant’s Statement of Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1)
(“DCC A1”)): 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 9 of Tab F (DCC A1) at p 873; Claimant’s 1st
Affidavit at para 50.

9A. Paragraph 11A of the SOC is denied. The [defendant] avers that the
purported implied term is not necessary and parties would not have intended
for its inclusion. Further and/or in any case, Clause [redacted] of the
General Terms & Conditions of the Storage Agreement specifically states that
“no other terms and conditions shall be included or implied”.

(e) In response, the claimant averred at para 15A of its Reply to Defence and
Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No. 2) (“RDCC A2”) that the implication of
the term was necessary and not excluded by virtue of cl [redacted] of the
General Terms & Conditions of the Storage Agreement: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 10 of Tab F (RDCC A2) at p 912; Claimant’s 1st
Affidavit at para 51.

15A. Paragraph 9A of the [defendant’s] SDCC is denied. The Implied Term is
necessary to give business efficacy to the express terms of the Storage
Agreement and consequently may not, as a matter of law, be excluded by a
purported entire agreement clause such as Clause [redacted]. Further, the true
construction of Clause [redacted] does not provide for the exclusion of the
Implied Term. Clause [redacted] only applies to exclude implied terms, the
subject matter of which were:

(a) Contained in previous agreements, warranties and undertakings given or
made by or between the [c]laimant and the [defendant]; and/or

(b) Related to matters that are set out in the Storage Agreement.

The Implied Term does not fall within either (a) or (b) above.

(f) In the list of issues (“List of Issues”) submitted by the claimant to the
Arbitrator, the claimant framed the following questions (among others) for the
Arbitrator’s determination: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab G (Claimant’s List of Issues) at pp 981–982;
Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 52.

Breach of Storage Agreement – Failure to inform [the claimant] that there were
products in the allocated tanks as of the Commencement Date of the Storage
Agreement and/or the effective date of the Addendum

3\. Was there a term implied by fact in the Storage Agreement as amended by
the Addendum that [the defendant] would promptly inform [the claimant] if, at
the Commencement Date (as defined in the Storage Agreement) of the Storage
Agreement … any Storage Tank (as defined in the Storage Agreement) contains
product either belonging to other customers, or where [the defendant] does not
know to whom the product belongs, or where [the defendant] has not been
informed that the product belongs to [the claimant] (the “Implied Term”)?

4\. If the Implied Term exists, did [the defendant] breach the Implied Term by
failing to inform [the claimant] of the quantity and quality of the product in
the Storage Tanks?

5\. Did [the defendant], by failing to inform [the claimant] of the quantity
and quality of the product in the Storage Tanks, cause [the claimant] to lose
the chance to avoid the loss suffered under the two [redacted] Sale Contracts?

(g) In the defendant’s List of Issues, the defendant framed the following
questions (among others) for the Arbitrator’s determination: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab H (Respondent’s List of Issues) at p 991; Claimant’s
1st Affidavit at para 53.

Alleged Breach of Storage Agreement

4\. Did [the defendant] breach the implied term of having to inform [the
claimant] of any products that were in the Allocated Tanks which did not
belong to [the claimant] at the Commencement Date?

4.1. Is there a term implied in fact that [the defendant] must inform [the
claimant] if, at [D0] … any Allocated Tanks contain product that [the
defendant] is not aware belongs to [the claimant] (the “Implied Term”)?

4.2. Did [the defendant] breach the Implied Term?

4.3. Does Clause [redacted] of the [General Terms and Conditions of the
Storage Agreement] prevent and/or exclude such an Implied Term in any case?

(h) During the parties’ oral opening submissions, lead counsel for the
claimant, Mr Lok Vi Ming SC (“Mr Lok”), submitted on why there should be an
implication of the term in fact into the Storage Agreement: 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab I (Notes of Evidence, 18 October 2021) at pp
1003–1004 (p 32 ln 17 – p 33 ln 5); Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 54.

MR LOK: … one of the requirements, or one of the provisions in the storage
agreement is that the principal takes responsibility for the cargo that is in
the tank and would be liable for any taxes or any charges in relation to the
cargo within those tanks. We relied upon that, your Honour, to say that that’s
really one of the reasons why there should be an implied term for the operator
to inform the principal. In the event that we assign you a tank and the tank
contains the oil products of somebody else, I have to tell you, so that you
would be able to make your own checks, do your own inspection, do your
surveys, because otherwise you would be held to accept certain
responsibilities in relation to those cargoes.

[emphasis added]

(i) This was picked up and addressed by lead counsel for the defendant, Mr
Nandakumar Ponniya (“Mr Nandakumar”): 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab I (Notes of Evidence, 18 October 2021) at p 1013 (p
72 ln 5–13); Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 55.

MR [NANDAKUMAR]: The implied terms, sir, which they took a year to come up
with, there was no need, sir, for an implied term. Typically if you’re going
to pay [redacted] for products, you would inspect that is in the tank. You
chose not to do it. We would say, sir, the breach on our part, even if we
failed to notify, did not cause the loss; the loss came about because you
signed up to a sale and purchase agreement for non-existent products. That is
where the loss came from.

[emphasis added]

(j) At paras 112–124 of the claimant’s closing submissions (under a section
dealing with the claimant’s claim for unlawful means conspiracy and
specifically, the acts alleged to have been performed by the defendant in
furtherance of the alleged conspiracy), the claimant submitted that it was
necessary to imply the term into the Storage Agreement and that there was a
breach by the defendant of the Implied Term: 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab J (Claimant’s Closing Submissions) at pp 1070, 1072,
1073 (paras 113, 117, 118); Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 56.

113\. [The claimant] submits that it is, therefore, necessary to imply a term
into the Storage Agreement that [the defendant] would inform [the claimant] if
as at the Commencement Date of the Storage Agreement any Storage Tank
contained product that did not belong to [the claimant] or where [the
defendant] did not know who the product belonged to or had not been informed
that the product belonged to the [c]laimant (the “Implied Term”).

…

117\. Here, the Implied Term was breached by [the defendant] when it failed to
inform [the claimant] of the existence of gasoil in the Storage Tanks as at
the Commencement Date of the Storage Agreement. …

118\. [The claimant] submits that [the defendant’s] breach of the Implied Term
constitutes one of the unlawful acts done pursuant to the conspiracy. [The
defendant] intentionally omitted to inform [the claimant] of the existence of
Gasoil in the Storage Tanks because if [the claimant] found out that there
were [redacted] barrels of Gasoil in the Storage Tanks as at [D0] … this would
have led [the claimant] to a train of inquiry that would likely have foiled or
made it more difficult for [Co A] and [the defendant] to perpetrate the
conspiracy scheme.

(k) The claimant also referred to the breach of the Implied Term in its
prayers for relief in its closing submissions: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab J (Claimant’s Closing Submissions) at p 1174 (para
470(a)); Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 57.

470\. The orders that [the claimant] seeks from the [Arbitrator] are:

On [the claimant’s] claims:

(a) In respect of [the claimant’s] claims for conspiracy, fraudulent or
negligent misrepresentation, breach of contract and negligence, [the
defendant] is to pay [the claimant]:

(i) damages in the sum of [US$X]; and

(ii) exemplary damages in the sum of [redacted];

(iii) alternatively, for [the claimant’s] claim for breach of Implied Term,
damages for loss of chance in the sum of [US$X] or such sum the [Arbitrator]
deems fit.

[emphasis added]

(l) At paras 94–113 of the defendant’s closing submissions, the defendant
responded to the claimant’s arguments on the Implied Term, arguing that it was
unnecessary to imply the term into the Storage Agreement and that the claimant
had not proved a causal nexus between any breach of the alleged Implied Term
and the claimant’s claimed losses: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab K (Defendant’s Closing Submissions) at pp 1238–1248;
Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 58.

97\. First, there is no gap in the [Storage Agreement] to be filled by the
Alleged Implied Term.

…

103\. Second, and in any event, the Alleged Implied Term is not necessary for
the business or commercial efficacy of the [Storage Agreement].

…

109\. For completeness, even if there is basis for the implication of the term
suggested by [the claimant] (which is strenuously denied), the nexus between
any breach of this implied term and [the claimant’s] claimed losses is
completely speculative at best. In essence, [the claimant] claims that, if
[the defendant] had informed it of the existence of remaining products in the
tanks, it would have set off a “chain of inquiry” leading [the claimant] to
discover that the 1st and 2nd [Co A] Parcels had not actually been present in
the tanks and could have averted its loss.

110\. However, that is not only conjecture – but in fact a demonstrably false
conjecture. …

(m) Finally, in the defendant’s oral reply submissions, the defendant’s
counsel elaborated on the defence to the claimant’s case on the breach of the
Implied Term: 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab L (Notes of Evidence, 25 January 22) at pp 1345,
1354–1355 (p 104 ln 16–22; p 138 ln 22–p 142 ln 10); Claimant’s 1st Affidavit
at para 60.

MR [NANDAKUMAR]: … just a week before the hearing, [the claimant] introduced
an 11th hour case. So one was the implied term that [the defendant] is to
notify [the claimant] if there are any products left over. So they make the
argument now that this was a necessary and obvious term. I can’t help but
remark, sir, if it was so obvious, it wouldn’t have taken them a year to make
this amendment.

…

So I move on to the implied term, if I may …They are alleging, sir, that there
is an implied term, and they don’t stop there, sir. They are alleging that
there’s a breach of the implied term, and on top of that, sir, they are saying
that there is a conspiracy founded on the breach of the implied term.

…

We say, sir, that there is no gap in the [Storage Agreement].

…

Then, sir, … they are relying on two clauses to suggest that it is necessary
to imply this term.

…

In any case, sir, we say that there is no breach of this implied term.

[emphasis added]

63 From the arbitral record, it is undisputed that the parties pleaded and
made submissions in relation to the Implied Term and that this issue was in
play in the Arbitration. The question is whether the Arbitrator applied his
mind to the issue and dealt with it, based on (i) the pleadings and
submissions of the parties and (ii) the manner in which they were eventually
presented to the Arbitrator for his determination.

64 The defendant maintains that the Arbitrator did apply his mind to this
issue, when he “dealt with and wholly dismissed [the claimant’s] claim that
[the defendant] had breached the express terms of the Storage Agreement by
failing to allocate tanks for [the claimant’s] exclusive use (“Failure to
Allocate Allegation”)”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

DWS at para 29.

The defendant’s position is that the claimant’s arguments on the Implied Term
were pleaded as a “subset of the Failure to Allocate Allegation and not as a
standalone breach of contract” [emphasis in original]. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DWS at para 30.

The Failure to Allocate Allegation was one of the pleaded breaches of the
Storage Agreement and the claims for breach of the Storage Agreement were in
turn presented only as part of the claimant’s claims in conspiracy in the
claimant’s closing submissions, and not as a standalone claim. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

DWS at para 33.

65 As I mentioned above at [60], the claimant contends that the alleged breach
of the Implied Term was, contrary to the defendant’s characterisation, a
“standalone and alternative basis for [the claimant’s] damages claim”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

CWS at para 21.

The claimant disagrees that the Implied Term claim was a “subset of the
Exclusive Use Argument (as opposed to a distinct claim per [the claimant’s]
prayers for relief)”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

CWS at para 24.

Analysis and decision

66 In my judgment, the Arbitrator did determine and address the parties’
arguments on the Implied Term. Let me elaborate.

67 I agree with the defendant that it is plainly apparent from the arbitral
record that the alleged breach of the Implied Term was not argued as a
standalone breach of contract claim as contended by the claimant. To be clear,
the question I am considering is not whether the Implied Term was pleaded, or
argued, but whether it was pleaded and eventually argued as a standalone claim
for breach of contract. I answer this question in the negative for a number of
reasons.

68 First, the claimant pleaded that “[t]he [defendant] also breached the
Implied Term” at para 82A of its amended statement of claim (SOC A1) under
sub-sub-section (1) of SOC A1 sub-headed “the [defendant] failed to allocate
tanks for the claimant’s exclusive use”. This was one of three overarching
pleaded breaches of the Storage Agreement (see [30(a)] above). 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 8 of Tab F (SOC A1) at pp 838–844 (paras 76,
82A–82B).

69 The claimant’s decision to structure its pleading as such is not
inexplicable. The underlying grievance behind the claimant’s argument on the
Failure to Allocate Allegation was that “[c]onsequently, the [c]laimant’s
Product was dissipated and/or dealt with by the [defendant] in a manner
inconsistent with the [c]laimant’s superior possessory title”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 8 of Tab F (SOC A1) at p 842 (para 81).

Ostensibly, the claimant’s arguments on the Implied Term were grounded on a
similar complaint and concern, namely the claimant’s ownership of the Product
in the tanks, and in what quantities. The contended term to be implied into
the Storage Agreement was, after all, that the defendant would inform the
claimant if the Storage Tanks contained product either belonging to other
customers, or where the defendant did not know to whom the product belonged,
or where the defendant had not been informed that the product belonged to the
claimant (see [59] above). 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 8 of Tab F (SOC A1) at p 814 (para 11A).

According to the claimant, this would have “set the [c]laimant on a chain of
inquiry as to the ownership, quantity and quality of such product in the
individual Storage Tanks and/or the aggregate quantity of the product in all
relevant Storage Tanks” [emphasis added]. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 8 of Tab F (SOC A1) at pp 843–844 (para 82B).

70 As such, it is not surprising to find that the arguments raised regarding
the Implied Term were, in reality, a subset of the claimant’s case that the
defendant had breached the Storage Agreement in failing to allocate tanks for
the claimant’s exclusive use. This would explain the structure of SOC A1 in
which para 11A (where the Implied Term Contention was pleaded) was referred to
at paras 82A and 82B as part of the pleading relating to the Failure to
Allocate Allegation. In short, the Implied Term was intimately linked to the
Failure to Allocate Allegation.

71 The second instance in SOC A1 where the claimant raised the alleged breach
of the Implied Term was at para 114D(d)(ii). The alleged breach of the Implied
Term was pleaded as one of the unlawful acts committed by the defendant and Co
A with the intention of injuring the claimant – “[a]s of [D0], the tanks
allocated to the [c]laimant were filled with gasoil belonging to [Co A], but
in breach of the Implied Term, the [defendant] did not inform the [c]laimant
of this fact” (see [62(c)] above). 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 8 of Tab F (SOC A1) at p 859 (para 114D(d)(ii)).

This was part of the particulars pleaded in support of the claimant’s
conspiracy claim, namely that the defendant had conspired with Co A to defraud
the claimant.

72 Therefore, in my judgment, the alleged breach of the Implied Term was not
pleaded as a standalone breach of contract, but in support of (a) one of the
pleaded heads of breaches of the Storage Agreement, namely that the defendant
had failed to allocate tanks for the claimant’s exclusive use; and (b) the
claimant’s conspiracy claim.

73 I turn now to the treatment by the claimant of the Implied Term subsequent
to the pleadings which, in my judgment, supports my conclusion at [72] above.

74 I have already summarised above (at [62(f)]–[62(g)]) how the parties
identified the issues pertaining to the Implied Term.

75 However, a List of Issues is, as the phrase suggests, simply that and
nothing more. The inclusion of the alleged breach of the Implied Term as an
issue to be decided is entirely unsurprising, considering that this was
contested by both parties and thus was indeed in issue in the Arbitration. In
my view, the mere inclusion of a sub-issue in the parties’ respective List of
Issues is not inconsistent with my finding that the alleged breach of the
Implied Term was not pleaded (and more importantly, not ultimately argued) as
a standalone breach of contract.

76 Second, I note that arguments on the Implied Term were raised in the
parties’ oral opening submissions (see [62(h)] and [62(i)] above). However, an
appreciation of the context in which these arguments were made is critical. A
closer analysis of the oral opening submissions advanced by Mr Lok in the
Arbitration shows that arguments for the implication of the term were made in
response to the Arbitrator’s question as to why there could not, in theory, be
commingling of the Product under the terms of the Storage Agreement. In fact,
the Arbitrator’s questions arose directly out of the claimant’s submissions on
the defendant’s obligation to allocate tanks for the claimant’s exclusive use.
This is consistent with the defendant’s case, and my own view, that the
alleged breach of the Implied Term was not pleaded (and was certainly not
being argued) by the claimant as a standalone breach of contract but as a
“subset of the Failure to Allocate Allegation” (see [64] above). I set out the
relevant exchange below between the Arbitrator and Mr Lok: 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab I (Notes of Evidence, 18 October 2021) at p 1003 (p
32 ln 1–24).

CHAIRMAN: Yes, but all the other provisions don’t use the word “exclusive”.

…

MR LOK: But when one looks at the structure of the entire agreement, your
Honour, it leaves no doubt that the use would have to be exclusive, it can’t
be co-mingling, your Honour, of the products which are stored.

CHAIRMAN: Why not? Why not? I mean, in theory, why not, if they were the same
product?

MR LOK: Your Honour, one of the requirements, or one of the provisions in the
storage agreement is that the principal takes responsibility for the cargo
that is in the tank and would be liable for any taxes or any charges in
relation to the cargo within those tanks. We relied upon that, your Honour, to
say that that’s really one of the reasons why there should be an implied term
for the operator to inform the principal. …

[emphasis added]

77 Third and finally, arguments on the alleged existence and breach of the
Implied Term were canvassed in the parties’ closing submissions, made by way
of Powerpoint slides and post-hearing written submissions (see [62(j)]–[62(l)]
above). Here, the claimant’s closing submissions that there was a breach of
the Implied Term were packaged only as part of its conspiracy claim, which
incorporated the claimant’s allegations of breach of contract and
misrepresentation as the unlawful acts that were undertaken pursuant to the
conspiracy. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab J (Claimant’s Closing Submissions) at pp 1053, 1068.

The claimant’s submission was that the defendant’s alleged breach of the
Implied Term, in failing to inform the claimant of gasoil in the Storage Tanks
that did not belong to the claimant, was one of the acts performed in
furtherance of the conspiracy. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab J (Claimant’s Closing Submissions) at pp 1068, 1072
(para 118).

There was no separate section in the claimant’s closing submissions on its
contractual cause of action or on the Implied Term. Whatever allegations of
breach of contract that were levelled at the defendant were only raised in the
closing submissions as acts in furtherance of the unlawful means conspiracy.
In my judgment, this only serves to confirm that the alleged breach of the
Implied Term was never raised by the claimant as a standalone argument; that
was certainly not the case by the time the claimant was pulling all the
threads together and presenting its closing arguments to the Arbitrator. As I
mentioned above, in the claimant’s closing submissions, the Implied Term was
presented to the Arbitrator as one of the unlawful acts pleaded in support of
the claimant’s conspiracy claim. I would go so far as to say that the decision
to argue it in this manner must have been a deliberate or strategic choice on
the part of the claimant. At the hearing before me, I asked Mr Lok if he could
point me to any part of the claimant’s closing submissions in the Arbitration
where breach of contract by the defendant had been argued and submitted on as
a standalone cause of action, distinct from the conspiracy claim. Mr Lok
candidly replied that he could not. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Transcript 2 March 2023 at p 9 ln 5–9.

While Mr Lok’s response to the court was that there was no separate section in
the claimant’s closing submissions dealing with breach of the express terms of
the contract, that response must apply equally to the Implied Term, as would
be plainly apparent from the closing submissions themselves.

78 A cursory reading of the claimant’s prayers for relief in para 470(a) of
its closing submissions might, however, suggest otherwise. The claimant sought
“alternatively, for [the claimant’s] claim for breach of Implied Term, damages
for loss of chance in the sum of [US$X] or such sum the Arbitrator deems fit”
[emphasis added] (see [62(k)] above). Mr Lok argues that this shows that the
claim for breach of the Implied Term was distinct from the conspiracy claim,
as damages for loss of chance are not available for a conspiracy claim. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript 2 March 2023 at p 8 ln 15–17; p 9 ln 12–16; p 10 ln 29–32.

However, it is important not to lose sight of the fact that the primary
purpose of para 470 of the claimant’s closing submissions was to set out the
remedies sought by the claimant, and not to detail the claimant’s causes of
action. Further, the prayers for relief were structured in a manner where the
breach of the Implied Term under sub-section (iii) fell under the claimant’s
allegations of “conspiracy, fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation, breach
of contract and negligence” [emphasis added] under section (a). In my view,
reading para 470 in accordance with its internal structure and the broader
context of the pleadings and submissions made by the parties, para 470 is best
understood to mean: if the Arbitrator were to find that the claimant’s breach
of contract and/or conspiracy claims succeeded, and that there was a breach of
the Implied Term as analysed under those two claims, there would be available
to the claimant an alternative head of damages for loss of chance in the same
sum (ie, US$X).

79 From the discussion above, one could surmise (and perhaps be forgiven for
doing so) that the claimant’s case and arguments on the Implied Term before
the Arbitrator were not particularly easy to understand but, more importantly,
evolved as the case progressed from pleadings to closing arguments. There are
several possible ways of interpreting the claimant’s arguments – the alleged
breach of the Implied Term could have been (a) a subset of one of the pleaded
heads of breaches of the Storage Agreement, namely that the defendant had
failed to allocate tanks for the claimant’s exclusive use; and/or (b) an
unlawful act under the conspiracy claim; and/or (c) a combination of both (a)
and (b), where the breach of the Implied Term as a breach of contract (ie,
(a)) was an unlawful act under the conspiracy claim (ie, (b)). It appears to
me that the answer lies somewhere closer to (c). Regardless, any of these
permutations leads me to the same conclusion – that the breach of the Implied
Term was not a standalone argument and was not pitched or argued as such.

80 Therefore, and material to the claimant’s objection that there was a breach
of natural justice in the Arbitrator’s alleged failure to consider or apply
his mind to the Implied Term Contention, if the Arbitrator had resolved and
found against the claimant on the larger questions under which the Implied
Term was raised, the Arbitrator would have in effect also determined the
arguments raised by the parties concerning the Implied Term, even if the
Arbitrator did not deal with the Implied Term in the Award expressly,
specifically or in great detail. With these observations setting the stage, I
turn now to consider the Award in some detail.

81 The Arbitrator started off this section of the Award “VII. The Claim for
Breach of the Agreement” (at para 164) by identifying the question as being
whether the defendant had breached the Storage Agreement in any of the three
overarching respects pleaded by the claimant (see [30(a)] above).

82 In paras 165–171 of the Award, the Arbitrator then proceeded to address and
dismiss the claimant’s argument that the defendant had breached the Storage
Agreement in failing to allocate tanks for the claimant’s exclusive use,
finding that there was no such obligation under the terms of the Storage
Agreement in the first place (see [35] above). 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at pp 124–126 (paras 165–171).

83 In the section of the Award dealing with the conspiracy claim (starting at
para 214 of the Award), the Arbitrator set out the undisputed elements of the
tort of unlawful means conspiracy, all of which had to be satisfied for the
claimant to succeed. At para 265 of the Award, the Arbitrator acknowledged the
claimant’s case that one of the alleged unlawful acts it relied on for its
unlawful means conspiracy claim was “the [defendant’s] alleged breaches of the
Agreement in that the [defendant] … did not inform the [c]laimant of the
presence of gasoil in the Storage Tanks that did not belong to the
[c]laimant”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 156 (para 265).

That was, in effect, a summation of the Implied Term Contention which the
claimant had submitted on in its written closing submissions in the
Arbitration under Section (III)(E)(1) dealing with “acts performed in
furtherance of the conspiracy.” 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab J (Claimant’s Closing Submissions) at pp 1068–1073
(paras 107–118).

84 However, as the Arbitrator concluded that the first and second elements of
the tort of conspiracy (viz, (1) the existence of a combination between Co A
and the defendant and (2) the intention of the alleged conspirators to cause
damage or injury to the claimant by the unlawful acts) were not made out, the
issue of the unlawfulness of the acts did not arise and thus it was
unnecessary for the Arbitrator to determine the issue. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 157 (para 266).

In particular, on the existence of the alleged combination, what appeared to
trouble the Arbitrator was the nature and timing of the alleged conspiracy as
pleaded by the claimant. It is apposite at this juncture to set out para 222
of the Award: 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 140 (para 222).

222\. It is important at the outset to focus on what precisely is the
combination alleged by the [c]laimant, which it is essential for the
[c]laimant to establish in order to found its conspiracy claim; and, in
particular, on the time when the alleged combination came into existence. The
[c]laimant’s pleaded case is that the alleged combination came into existence
in or about [M0-1]: it is alleged that the [defendant] and [Co A] “conceived a
plan” on or about [D0-5] to sell non-existent Product to the [c]laimant; and
that, on or before [D0], X and Y, together with certain employees of the
[defendant] and [Co A], “hatched a plan” to sell non-existent Product to the
[c]laimant: paragraphs 114D(a) and (b) of the Amended Statement of Claim. The
alleged combination, therefore, must have preceded the 1st and 2nd Sale
Contracts and the [Co A] Sale Contract, to none of which was the [defendant] a
party. The [defendant’s] case is that there is also no evidence that it was
aware of those contracts at the material time. Given the timing of the alleged
combination, it is difficult to see how, as the [c]laimant alleges, the
[defendant] was operating in “clear tandem against the background of the
Agreement, the 1st and 2nd Sale Contracts and the [Co A] Sale Contract” …

[emphasis in original]

85 Therefore, in my judgment, the Arbitrator had addressed and determined the
two larger questions under which arguments on the Implied Term were raised,
namely whether the defendant had breached the Storage Agreement in failing to
allocate tanks for the claimant’s exclusive use and whether the defendant had
committed the tort of unlawful means conspiracy. In doing so, the Arbitrator
had, at the very least, implicitly also addressed what needed to be addressed
in relation to the parties’ arguments on the Implied Term. Alternatively,
having found against the claimant on the two larger questions, it could
equally be the case that the Arbitrator found it unnecessary to deal with the
Implied Term Contention. Accordingly, I disagree with the claimant that one is
compelled to draw the inference or reach the conclusion that the Arbitrator
failed completely to apply his mind to the Implied Term Contention and thereby
breached the rules of natural justice.

86 The conclusion I have reached above is sufficient to dismiss the claimant’s
case on the Implied Term Contention. However, I venture further to add that
the Arbitrator, having found that there was no obligation on the defendant’s
part under the Storage Agreement to allocate tanks for the claimant’s
exclusive use (see [35] above), could be taken to have impliedly rejected the
Implied Term Contention as well. In this regard, I agree with Mr Nandakumar’s
submission that the Implied Term Contention “would fall away” if the
Arbitrator found that there was no requirement to allocate tanks for the
claimant’s exclusive use in the first place 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript 12 April 2023 at p 15 ln 20–23.

– after all, as a matter of commercial sense, it would not be logical for the
defendant to be contractually obliged to inform the claimant if any of the
Allocated Tanks contained product belonging to other customers (ie, the
Implied Term), if there was no obligation to allocate tanks for the claimant’s
exclusive use to begin with. This also explains the structure of SOC A1, as
canvassed in [69] above. As such, I do not accept that simply failing to
expressly refer to or decide the Implied Term Contention, after having already
found that there was no obligation to allocate tanks for the claimant’s
exclusive use, leads to the inescapable inference that the Arbitrator was
guilty of failing to apply his mind to the Implied Term Contention at all. It
could equally be a case of the Arbitrator’s implicit rejection of the Implied
Term Contention – the law is unequivocal in this regard that “an issue need
not be addressed expressly in an award but may be implicitly resolved”: BLB
and another v BLC and others [2013] 4 SLR 1169 (“BLB”) at [75].

87 In my view, this also means that even if, arguendo, there was a breach of
natural justice, no prejudice could be said to have been occasioned to the
claimant. To succeed in setting aside an award on the basis that there was a
breach of the rules of natural justice, the applicant must also show that
there has been some actual or real prejudice caused by the alleged breach: Soh
Beng Tee at [91]. The requirement to demonstrate that the rights of a party
have thereby been prejudiced is expressly set out in s 48(1)(a)(vii) of the
AA. The test is whether as a result of the breach, the tribunal was denied the
benefit of arguments or evidence that had a real as opposed to a fanciful
chance of making a difference to its deliberations: L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd
v Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 125 at
[54].

88 The Arbitrator’s finding that there was no obligation to allocate tanks for
the claimant’s exclusive use was a finding of fact, based on the evidence
before the Arbitrator and the Arbitrator’s interpretation of the terms of the
Storage Agreement – this was a finding on the merits that cannot be appealed
or otherwise challenged before the court. Having found no such obligation to
allocate exclusive use and therefore no breach by the defendant in that
regard, it would, in my judgment, be fanciful to suggest that had the
Arbitrator expressly addressed the Implied Term Contention, he could have come
to the conclusion that the Implied Term existed and that it was breached by
the defendant. As mentioned in [86] above, it would not make commercial sense
for the defendant to be required to inform the claimant if any of the
Allocated Tanks contained product belonging to other customers (ie, the
Implied Term), if there was (as the Arbitrator found) no obligation to
allocate tanks for the claimant’s exclusive use to begin with.

89 Finally, even if the alleged breach of the Implied Term had in actual fact
been raised as a standalone argument, the inference that the Arbitrator failed
to consider this independent breach should still not be drawn. In this regard,
I refer to the oft-quoted passage from the Court of Appeal’s decision in AKN
at [46]:

… It will usually be a matter of inference rather than of explicit indication
that the arbitrator wholly missed one or more important pleaded issues.
However, the inference – that the arbitrator indeed failed to consider an
important pleaded issue – if it is to be drawn at all, must be shown to be
clear and virtually inescapable. If the facts are also consistent with the
arbitrator simply having misunderstood the aggrieved party’s case, or having
been mistaken as to the law, or having chosen not to deal with a point pleaded
by the aggrieved party because he thought it unnecessary (notwithstanding that
this view may have been formed based on a misunderstanding of the aggrieved
party’s case), then the inference that the arbitrator did not apply his mind
at all to the dispute before him (or to an important aspect of that dispute)
and so acted in breach of natural justice should not be drawn.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

90 In my judgment, a “clear and virtually inescapable” inference that the
Arbitrator failed to consider the independent breach of the Implied Term
simply cannot be drawn. As my analysis above demonstrates, the claimant’s
pleadings and submissions on the alleged breach of the Implied Term lacked the
clarity required for such an inference to be drawn. Even if the breach of the
Implied Term had in actual fact been raised as a standalone argument, this was
not articulated to the Arbitrator with sufficient clarity in the claimant’s
pleadings and submissions. One would be hard-pressed to find a single
instance, in the entire arbitral record that was put into evidence by the
parties in this application, where the claimant intimated to the Arbitrator
that the Implied Term Contention was being advanced by the claimant as a
standalone claim or argument which had to be decided by the Arbitrator
independently of the claim(s) for (a) breach of contract in failing to
allocate tanks for the claimant’s exclusive use; and/or (b) conspiracy. Viewed
in this light, the Arbitrator’s decision not to address the breach of the
Implied Term as an independent allegation would, at best (if at all), simply
be a case of the Arbitrator “having misunderstood the aggrieved party’s case”
(AKN at [46]). To be clear, I am not in any way suggesting that this is indeed
what happened in this case, but simply pointing out the formidable hurdles
that stand in the claimant’s way.

91 Further, the Arbitrator expressly indicated in para 265 of the Award (see
[84] above) that he chose not to deal with the issue of the unlawfulness of
the acts relied on by the claimant as regards the conspiracy claim because the
other elements of the alleged conspiracy had not been made out. Thus, the
Arbitrator could not have been clearer in expressing his thought process that
he “[chose] not to deal with a point pleaded by the aggrieved party because he
thought it unnecessary” (AKN at [46]).

92 For the foregoing reasons, the claimant’s case that the Arbitrator failed
to apply its mind to the Implied Term Contention cannot succeed.

93 I make a final observation: in the claimant’s written submissions for this
application, the claimant submits that the Arbitrator “came up with [his] own
argument that there was no obligation of exclusivity notwithstanding that [the
defendant] had not even made this contention” and the claimant “had no
opportunity to address this reasoning”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

CWS at paras 172(d)–(e).

These submissions were made, not when dealing with the substantive arguments
on the Implied Term Contention, but in a section dealing with remission of the
Award. There are two inherent problems with these arguments.

94 First, the claimant appears to be hinting that the Arbitrator had exceeded
his jurisdiction and/or breached natural justice in utilising a chain of
reasoning that was not foreseeable or coming up with an idea of his own
without giving the parties an opportunity to address him on it. Yet, no
arguments were advanced in the claimant’s written submissions or at the oral
hearing before me on this issue when the claimant submitted on the Implied
Term Contention. As I indicated at [93] above, these submissions were
contained under a section dealing with remission, and not when dealing with
the grounds for setting aside the Award. The claimant’s sole objection in
relation to the Implied Term is that the Arbitrator had, in breach of natural
justice, failed to apply his mind to the Implied Term.

95 Second, and more fundamentally, the claimant’s complaint that the
Arbitrator came up with his own argument that there had been no obligation of
exclusivity is, with respect, puzzling. One of the claimant’s arguments before
the Arbitrator was precisely that the defendant breached the Storage Agreement
by failing to allocate tanks for the claimant’s exclusive use (see [30(a)(i)]
above). That necessarily required a determination as to whether such an
obligation of exclusivity even existed, in circumstances where the burden of
proof lay on the claimant alleging the breach since the existence of the
obligation was never conceded or admitted by the defendant. Viewed in this
light, the claimant’s grievance that it “had no opportunity to address this
reasoning” rings hollow. The claimant not only had every opportunity to
present its case on this issue, but also bore the burden of proof to make good
its case.

Vicarious Liability Contention

96 The claimant’s next objection is that the Arbitrator failed to address the
claimant’s argument that the defendant was vicariously liable for Co A’s
issuance of the Certificates – specifically, that “[Co A] was the agent for
communications between [the defendant] and [the claimant] as evidenced by its
role in relation to the negotiation and execution of the Storage Agreement and
subsequent communications pursuant to that agreement; and that in this
capacity, [Co A] had authority to communicate that legally binding documents
such as [redacted] Certificates had been issued by [the defendant]”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

CWS at para 54.

97 In my view, the claimant’s submission does not cohere with paras 207–208 of
the Award, which dismissed the claimant’s argument on vicarious liability in
unequivocal terms: 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at pp 135–136 (paras 207–208).

207\. … If the [Certificates] were issued by [Co A], other than through [X]
and [Y], it would be even harder for the close connection test to be
satisfied.

208\. [Co A’s] initial involvement in the negotiation of the Agreement for the
[defendant] is insufficient to found vicarious liability in relation to the
delivery of the [Certificates]. …

98 In fact, the claimant acknowledges that “the [Arbitrator] disposed of [the
claimant’s] claim that [the defendant] should be held vicariously liable for
[Co A’s] misrepresentation to [the claimant]”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

CWS at para 54.

Rather, the claimant’s chief complaint appears to be that the Arbitrator
failed to give sufficient reasons for its disposal of the claimant’s vicarious
liability claim in “three terse sentences” and that its decision on the matter
was “undecipherable”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

CWS at paras 54, 60.

In this regard, I note that an allegation of inadequate reasons and
explanations is generally not capable of sustaining a challenge against an
award: CEF and another v CEH [2022] 2 SLR 918 (“CEF”) at [127] (see
[120]–[121] below). Nevertheless, I proceed to consider the claimant’s
arguments.

99 In my judgment, contrary to the claimant’s assertion, the “proverbial dots”
connect well enough on the face of the Award (BZW and another v BZV [2022] 1
SLR 1080 (“BZW”) at [58]), and when it is read as a whole and in a reasonable,
commercial way. The Award was sufficiently reasoned and, in particular, where
it mattered. I agree with the defendant’s submission that, on the face of para
207 of the Award (see [97] above), the Arbitrator employed “a fortiori
reasoning” 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

DWS at para 54.

in dismissing the claimant’s argument on vicarious liability vis-à-vis Co A.
The Arbitrator concluded that it would be “even harder” for the close
connection test to be satisfied vis-à-vis Co A, which was a distinct and
separate entity from the defendant, as opposed to vis-à-vis X and Y, who were
employees of the defendant and yet did not satisfy the close connection test.
The reasoning for the latter was canvassed by the Arbitrator in some detail in
paras 201–207 of the Award. Thus, reading the Award in context and in a
reasonable and commercial way, does not, in my view, lead one to the
conclusion that the Arbitrator failed to provide any or sufficient reasons for
dismissing the Vicarious Liability Contention.

100 This is sufficient for me to dismiss the claimant’s objection that the
Arbitrator failed to apply his mind to the argument that the defendant was
vicariously liable for Co A’s issuance of the Certificates. However, and
without speculating on the Arbitrator’s thought processes, I also agree with
the defendant’s submission that as X and Y were the principals of Co A and
also held key positions in the defendant, the Arbitrator could have logically
considered them to be the strongest nexus for vicarious liability to arise
between Co A and the defendant, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

DWS at para 54.

thereby leading to his a fortiori reasoning.

101 The claimant also contends, with reference to the Arbitrator’s finding
that the case of Ong Han Ling and another v American International Assurance
Co Ltd and others [2018] 5 SLR 549 (“Ong Han Ling”) was “distinguishable on
the facts” (para 208 of the Award), that the question remains unanswered by
the Arbitrator as to why Ong Han Ling was distinguishable. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

CWS at para 56.

In my view, this is an instance of the claimant nitpicking at the Award. It
was not necessary for the Arbitrator to launch into an elaborate explanation
for why he concluded that Ong Han Ling was distinguishable on its facts –
natural justice requires that the parties should be heard; it does not require
that they be given responses on all submissions made: SEF Construction Pte Ltd
v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 733 (at [60]). Belinda Ang J (as she
then was) explained the position clearly in BLB:

75 … an arbitral tribunal is not obliged as a matter of practicality to deal
with every argument canvassed by the parties, but it must ensure that all
essential issues are dealt with. In determining what is considered
“essential”, tribunals should be given a fair amount of latitude and should be
entitled to take the view that the dispute may be disposed of without further
consideration of certain issues.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

102 Whilst the claimant may disagree with the Arbitrator’s reasoning, that is
not a permitted ground for setting aside the Award. I reject the Vicarious
Liability Contention objection accordingly.

Combination Contention

103 Next, the claimant submits that the Arbitrator also failed to address the
claimant’s argument on the combination between the defendant and Co A to
defraud the claimant, particularly on the question as to whether the defendant
had a duty to enquire into whether the claimant had title to the cargoes
stored in the Storage Tanks. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

CWS at para 66.

If this question were answered in the affirmative, the claimant’s case before
the Arbitrator was that X’s and Y’s knowledge on title to the cargoes could
then be attributed to the defendant, forming a necessary link in the
combination allegation. The crux of the claimant’s case in this application is
that the Arbitrator’s determination centred on a different duty altogether
(viz, to make inquiry into the non-existence of the Product), as opposed to
that which the parties had engaged on (viz, the duty to make inquiry into the
claimant’s ownership of the Product). 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

CWS at para 75.

104 I accept that the claimant’s closing submissions did refer to the
defendant’s “duty to enquire into the matters that [X and Y] had knowledge of,
in this case, whether [the claimant] had title to the cargo stored in the
Storage Tanks” [emphasis added]. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab J (Claimant’s Closing Submissions) at p 1060 (para
89).

Paragraph 25 of DCC A1 and para 29 of RDCC A2 also made reference to the
defendant’s knowledge (or lack thereof) as to who had ownership and title to
the products stored at the Terminal. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 9 of Tab F (DCC A1) at p 876 (para 25); Claimant’s
Exhibit at Tab 10 of Tab F (RDCC A2) at p 921 (para 29).

105 In my judgment, the Arbitrator was alive to this issue. In summarising the
parties’ arguments in relation to the agency doctrine, the Arbitrator noted
that “the [c]laimant submitted that the [defendant] had a duty to enquire into
the matters of which [X] and [Y] had knowledge, namely whether the [c]laimant
had title to the cargo stored in the Storage Tanks” and that “the [defendant]
disputed that it had any duty to inquire into whether the [c]laimant had title
to the cargo stored in the Storage Tanks”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 142 (paras 227–228).

106 The Arbitrator went on to determine that he was “unable to accept the
[c]laimant’s submission that [X’s] and [Y’s] knowledge of the non-existent
Product in the Storage Tanks [was] to be attributed to the [defendant] under
the agency doctrine” as “the [defendant] was not under a duty to make inquiry
into the non-existence of the Product” [emphasis added]. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 147 (para 243).

In this application, the claimant takes issue with the characterisation of the
duty as relating to the non-existence of the Product instead of title and/or
ownership over the Product.

107 In my view, the claimant is splitting hairs and, in essence, nitpicking at
the Award again. Reading section (IX)(1) of the Award in context and as a
whole, it appears that the Arbitrator considered the two framings of the duty
to be interchangeable – after all, the Arbitrator’s determination on the
agency doctrine in para 243 (see [106] above) followed shortly after his
summary of the parties’ cases on the agency doctrine in paras 227–228 (see
[105] above).

108 In any case, the respective enquiries as to the existence or non-existence
of the Product and the claimant’s title to the Product are, in my view,
intertwined; they are not clear and discrete lines of questioning separated by
a bright line. The non-existence of the Product (sold and allegedly allocated
to the claimant) was the direct result of there being competing claims of
title over the Product; fundamentally, and as a matter of logic and common
sense, existence of the property is a necessary precursor to ownership and
title. The rhetorical question thus follows: if there was no duty to enquire
into existence, how could there be a duty to enquire into ownership? Viewed in
this light, the Arbitrator’s negative conclusion on the former would summarily
determine the latter in the negative as well. But more to the point – the
claimant has again failed to demonstrate that the inescapable inference to be
drawn here is that the Arbitrator completely failed to decide the Combination
Contention. On the contrary, the available evidence within the Award itself,
when read in its proper context, is that the Arbitrator did determine the
issue, just not in the way the claimant had hoped.

109 Finally, one must bear in mind that the claimant’s overarching case on
conspiracy was that the defendant and Co A conspired to “sell non or partially
existent oil to [the claimant]”. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab J (Claimant’s Closing Submissions) at p 1042 (para
40).

The Arbitrator recognised this, stating at the outset that “the [c]laimant’s
pleaded case [was] that the alleged combination came into existence in or
about [M0-1]: it is alleged that the [defendant] and [Co A] “conceived a plan”
on or about [D0-5] to sell non-existent Product to the [c]laimant” [emphasis
in original]. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 140 (para 222).

The difficulty in the claimant’s case before the Arbitrator was thus with
attributing knowledge of the non-existence of the Product to the defendant, by
way of X’s and Y’s knowledge of the same. In that context, under the agency
doctrine, the question as to whether the defendant was under a duty to enquire
into the non-existence of the Product became relevant.

110 That question was accordingly addressed by the Arbitrator. It is not up to
the claimant now, after the event and when the Award has gone against it, to
split hairs over the phraseology of the duty that was in contention. In doing
so, the claimant runs the risk of being seen as attempting a backdoor appeal
on the merits in the guise of a purported process breach – our courts have
repeatedly deprecated attempts by unsuccessful arbitrants to do so and I would
repeat that deprecation in this case. Accordingly, I reject the claimant’s
case that the Arbitrator failed to apply his mind to the Combination
Contention.

111 On the same issue of the Combination Contention, the claimant contends
that: 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

CWS at para 78.

78\. … the Tribunal failed to consider [the claimant’s] extensive reference to
Singapore case law in both its presentation slides and oral Reply Submissions
(viz, United Overseas Bank Ltd v Lippo Marina Collection Pte Ltd and others
[2016] 2 SLR 597 [(“UOB v Lippo”)]) that had interpreted the Hampshire Land
principle to apply in a situation where a company was seeking redress from its
defaulting officer, and not in the case where an innocent third party was
seeking redress.

112 The principle that the defendant sought to rely on in Re Hampshire Land
Company [1986] 2 Ch 743 (“Re Hampshire Land Company”), as recognised by the
Arbitrator in para 229 of his Award, is that knowledge will not be attributed
to the principal where it is acquired by an agent who is defrauding the
principal in the same transaction. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 143 (para 229).

It is, in my view, clear as day that arguments on this principle would only be
relevant if X and Y could be said to be the defendant’s agents and the
defendant had a duty to enquire into whether the claimant had title to the
cargo in the relevant tanks. As canvassed in [105]–[109] above, the Arbitrator
concluded that there had been no such duty to enquire (in para 243(1) of the
Award). This effectively put an end to the claimant’s Combination Contention.
The subsequent comments and findings by the Arbitrator on the Re Hampshire
Land Company principle at paras 243(2)–(3) of the Award were purely obiter –
this much is clear from the wording of the Award itself – “Even if, contrary
to the [Arbitrator’s] findings …” [emphasis added]. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 147 (para 243(2)).

113 Second, from the tenor of paras 233 and 243(2)–(3) of the Award, it
appears to me that the claimant’s arguments on UOB v Lippo were implicitly
rejected by the Arbitrator. The claimant relied on UOB v Lippo to demonstrate
its point that the Re Hampshire Land Company principle did not apply in the
defendant’s favour: 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab L (Notes of Evidence, 25 January 2022) at p 1325 (p
24 ln 6–14).

MR LOK: … The Re Hampshire principle steps in to preserve the right to sue. It
doesn’t constitute the defence: it preserves the right to sue of the victim of
the fraud …

[The defendant] also at best is a secondary and not a primary victim. The Re
Hampshire principle does not apply to secondary victims.

In my view, the Arbitrator addressed this point in substance, even if no
express reference was made to UOB v Lippo: 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at pp 144, 147, 148 (paras 233,
243).

233\. In the course of the [c]laimant’s oral closing submissions, it was
submitted, in reliance on Bilta (UK) Ltd v Nazir (No. 2) [2015] UKSC 23
(“Bilta”) that the [defendant’s] reliance on the Re Hampshire Land Company
principle was misplaced since the principle applies only to preserve the right
of the victim of a fraud to sue (here, the [c]laimant) and does not apply to a
secondary victim of the fraud (here, the [defendant]) so as to afford a
defence to a claim by the primary victim. …

243\. The Tribunal is unable to accept the [c]laimant’s submission that [X’s]
and [Y’s] knowledge of the non-existent Product in the Storage Tanks is to be
attributed to the [defendant] under the agency doctrine, for the following
reasons:

…

(2) Even if, contrary to the Tribunal’s findings, the [defendant] was under a
duty to make inquiry, the Tribunal considers that the [defendant] is entitled
to rely on the Re Hampshire Land Company principle, which remains good law …

(3) In that regard, the Tribunal rejects the [c]laimant’s submission that the
effect of Bilta is to confine the Re Hampshire Land Company principle to
primary victims in the way contended for by the [c]laimant … In the Tribunal’s
view, those observations … support the application of the principle to so-
called secondary victims such as the [defendant]. …

114 Third, the primary difficulty of the Arbitrator was his view that the
claimant had not made out its case based on X’s and Y’s knowledge that the
defendant had been a party to a combination with Co A to defraud the claimant
by selling non-existent Product to the claimant. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 148 (para 246).

Critically, this is a finding by the Arbitrator that is unappealable. The
struggle that the Arbitrator faced, at a more fundamental level, was in
ascertaining the contents and extent of X’s and Y’s knowledge to determine
whether they had carried out or coordinated the alleged unlawful acts – in
this regard, the Arbitrator observed that “the [c]laimant adduced no evidence
from [X] or [Y] or from any other [Co A] employee with which it dealt
directly”. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 148 (para 247(1)).

In my judgment, as the evidence had fallen short at that stage, the
Arbitrator’s determination on the issues of agency or identification were
secondary and strictly speaking unnecessary for his ultimate decision, much
less his determination on the Re Hampshire Land Company principle. Therefore,
even if there was any defect in the process by which the Arbitrator arrived at
his determination on those issues, no causative prejudice could have been
occasioned to the claimant (see [87] above for the applicable principles on
prejudice).

115 Finally, the claimant also contends that: 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

CWS at para 81.

81\. … the Tribunal did not appear to consider [the claimant’s] separate and
distinct argument that [the defendant] was complicit by replenishing the
Competing Interest Tanks with Product … which constituted clear evidence of an
extant combination between [the defendant] and [Co A].

116 In my judgment, it would be unfair to contend that the Arbitrator did not
consider this argument at all. The Arbitrator made clear his position in para
247(6) of the Award that matters subsequent to the alleged combination could
not be relied upon to infer the existence of the alleged combination at an
earlier point in time: 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 149 (para 247(6)).

(6) In this respect, the time at which the alleged combination came into
existence is important. That is alleged to have been in [M0-1], prior to the
[Storage Agreement]. The subsequent matters relied on in terms of the roles
played or alleged to have been played by [Y] and [X] following the conclusion
of the Agreement do not provide a sufficient basis from which to infer the
existence of the alleged combination at a much earlier point in time.

117 As the claimant acknowledges, the defendant’s act of replenishing the
Competing Interest Tanks only took place in the middle of [M0], ie, subsequent
to the point at which the alleged combination pleaded by the claimant came
into existence ([M0-1]). The Arbitrator made clear that he could not and would
not rely on such subsequent matters to infer the existence of the alleged
combination at an earlier point in time, thereby implicitly rejecting the
claimant’s argument.

118 Even if the Arbitrator expressly addressed such subsequent matters
specifically, it could not have made any real difference to the Arbitrator’s
determination, given that the Arbitrator already concluded in the Award that
such matters “[did] not provide a sufficient basis from which to infer the
existence of the alleged combination at a much earlier point in time”.
Therefore, it cannot be said that any prejudice was occasioned to the
claimant.

Whether the Arbitrator failed to issue a sufficiently reasoned award

119 The claimant contends that the Arbitrator also failed to provide adequate
reasons and explanations for his decision on the three contentions set out
above at [30(a)], thereby also breaching the rules of natural justice.

120 The failure to give a sufficiently reasoned decision may be a breach of
natural justice, if the award as a whole does not address the bases upon which
the arbitral tribunal reached its decision on the material or essential
issues: AUF v AUG and other matters [2016] 1 SLR 859 at [77] and [78].
However, an allegation of inadequate reasons and explanations is generally not
capable of sustaining a challenge against an award: CEF at [127].

121 Given the conclusions I have reached above, it is strictly not necessary
for me to decide whether the claimant’s objections regarding an insufficiently
reasoned award in this case are capable of sustaining its challenge against
the Award and I need say no more on it.

Whether the Arbitrator failed to give the claimant a reasonable opportunity to
present its case

122 It is hornbook law that if a party is not given a reasonable opportunity
to present its case, that could also constitute a breach of natural justice:
JVL Agro Industries Ltd v Agritrade International Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 768 at
[144]–[145] (“JVL”). Such a breach would engage both ss 48(1)(a)(iii) and
48(1)(a)(vii) of the AA, although I note that the claimant does not rely on s
48(1)(a)(iii) of the AA in OA 642.

123 The principles relating to a party being afforded a reasonable opportunity
to present its case were succinctly summarised by Vinodh Coomaraswamy J in JVL
at [146]–[147]:

146 There are two aspects to a party’s reasonable opportunity to present its
case: a positive aspect and a responsive aspect. The positive aspect
encompasses the opportunity to present the evidence and advance the
propositions of law on which it positively relies to establish its claim or
defence, as the case may be. The responsive aspect encompasses the opportunity
to present the evidence and advance the propositions of law necessary to
respond to the case made against it. …

147 The responsive aspect of presenting a party’s case has itself two
subsidiary aspects to it. The first is having notice of the case to which one
is expected to respond. The other is being permitted actually to present the
evidence and advance the propositions of law necessary to respond to it. A
tribunal will therefore deny a party a reasonable opportunity to respond to
the case against it if it either: (a) requires the party to respond to an
element of the opposing party’s case which has been advanced without
reasonable prior notice; or (b) curtails unreasonably a party’s attempt to
present the evidence and advance the propositions of law which are reasonably
necessary to respond to an element of the opposing party’s case. But there is
a third situation in which a tribunal will deny a party a reasonable
opportunity to present its responsive case: when the tribunal adopts a chain
of reasoning in its award which it has not given the complaining party a
reasonable opportunity to address.

124 The claimant submits that the Arbitrator failed to give the claimant a
reasonable opportunity to present its case on (a) whether forensic evidence
was required to prove that the company stamps on the Certificates were in wet
ink (the “Forensic Evidence Allegation”); and (b) whether the defendant should
be held liable if X and Y had apparent authority to issue the Certificates
even if they had issued them fraudulently (the “Apparent Authority
Allegation”). 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

CWS at paras 97–121; Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 46(d).

The claimant contends that these allegations were relevant to the claimant’s
case that the defendant was liable for fraudulent and/or negligent
misrepresentation in issuing the Certificates. I address them in turn.

Forensic Evidence Allegation

125 The claimant submits that it did not have a reasonable opportunity to
address the Arbitrator’s chain of reasoning in para 197 of the Award,
specifically on the issue of whether the company stamps on the Certificates
were in wet ink: 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 133 (para 197).

197\. The Tribunal does not agree that the fact … that the originals of the
2nd and 3rd [redacted] Certificates clearly show the watermark and the company
stamp in wet ink gives rise, as submitted by the [c]laimant, to “a strong
prima facie case” that the [redacted] Certificates were issued by the
[defendant]. There is no evidence that the watermark was embossed. There is
also, in any event, an issue as to whether the company stamp was in fact in
wet ink. The [c]laimant adduced no forensic evidence to that effect. Since it
is not in issue that the watermark was not embossed and the [c]laimant has not
proved that the stamp was in wet ink, no strong prima facie case has been made
out that the [redacted] Certificates were issued by the [defendant]. Even if
the watermark was embossed and the company stamp was in wet ink, it would not
follow, in the Tribunal’s view, that the [defendant] would be liable for the
issuance of the [redacted] Certificates.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

126 The crux of the claimant’s case is that the defendant never challenged the
claimant’s position that the company stamps were in wet ink throughout the
arbitration proceedings, until the oral reply submissions at closing. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

CWS at paras 103, 106–107.

Then, the defendant belatedly asserted that there was “no forensic evidence
that the ink on [the Certificates] is a wet stamp ink” 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab M (Defendant’s Closing Slides) at p 1433 (Slide 47).

and that the authenticity of the Certificates could only have been proven
“through a forensic expert”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab L (Notes of Evidence, 25 January 2022) at p 1358 (p
155 ln 4–p 156 ln 1).

In the premises, the claimant argues that it was prejudiced – had it been
given a reasonable opportunity to address this issue earlier, it would have
sought to adduce forensic evidence or at the very least argue why forensic
evidence was not required to prove that the stamps were in wet ink. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

CWS at para 116.

127 I disagree with the claimant’s submissions. The claimant’s positive case
before the Arbitrator was that the defendant was liable for the issuance of
the Certificates, which constituted the fraudulent and/or negligent
misrepresentation. Therefore, on first principles, the claimant bore the
burden of proving the authenticity of the Certificates, especially considering
that the defendant denied issuing any of them thereby placing their
authenticity directly into issue. Proof of authenticity by the claimant would
have entailed making good its case that the company stamps on the Certificates
were in wet ink. Thus, the mere fact that the defendant had not made extensive
arguments on this specific issue does not mean that the claimant had thereby
discharged its burden of proof.

128 Further, the defendant always maintained its challenge to the authenticity
of the Certificates – from the outset, the defendant’s pleaded position was
that it did not issue any of the Certificates, did not authorise their
issuance, and was not aware of the Certificates having been issued prior to
the commencement of the Arbitration. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

DWS at para 76; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab 9 of Tab F (DCC A1) at pp 877, 881
(paras 27(b), 41).

There could be no clearer indication that the authenticity and provenance of
these documents was front and centre in the Arbitration. In that context, the
claimant’s assertion that it could not have anticipated that there remained a
live issue as to whether the company stamps were in wet ink 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

CWS at para 107.

is, in my judgment, weak and an afterthought.

129 The claimant relies on the case of CAJ and another v CAI and another
appeal [2022] 1 SLR 505 (“CAJ”) to support its argument that the Award should
be set aside because the claimant did not have a reasonable opportunity to
present its case before the Arbitrator on the Forensic Evidence Allegation.
139

##### Foot Note 139

×

CWS at para 108.

In my view, CAJ is easily distinguished on its facts and affords no support to
the claimant. As the claimant itself acknowledges, CAJ dealt with a situation
where the defendant raised an extension of time defence for the first time in
their written closing submissions seeking to reduce the amount of liquidated
damages that was payable. The Court of Appeal agreed with the Judge below that
“[a] chance to respond to the counterparty’s legal submissions on a newly
raised defence cannot constitute a reasonable opportunity to present one’s
case” [emphasis in original] (CAJ at [58]). Here, the defendant’s assertion
that there was “no forensic evidence that the ink on [the Certificates] is a
wet stamp ink” was not a newly raised defence; rather, and as I have indicated
above, it was a component of an existing and hotly contested issue between the
parties on the authenticity of the Certificates. The burden of proof lay
squarely on the claimant’s shoulders to make good its case. Having failed in
that endeavour, it cannot now come before the court and cry foul.

130 In my judgment, the claimant had not only reasonable but every opportunity
to present its case on the authenticity of the Certificates. Whether the
claimant took it for granted that the authenticity of the Certificates would
not be challenged on the basis of whether the company stamps were in wet ink
is not for me to speculate. However, the fact that the claimant made the call
not to run certain arguments or adduce forensic evidence on this point, in
circumstances when the issue was squarely in the arena, cannot mean that the
claimant was denied a reasonable opportunity to present its case. Accordingly,
I also reject this ground of the application.

Apparent Authority Allegation

131 The claimant contends that the Arbitrator’s finding that X and Y had “no
apparent authority” was tainted by the Arbitrator’s failure to apply his mind
and consequentially to decide the real issues at play. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

CWS at para 118.

The claimant submits that the Arbitrator decided a different, unargued, point,
namely whether X and Y had apparent authority to issue Certificates with
fraudulent misrepresentations, when the real issue, according to the claimant,
was whether X and Y had apparent authority to issue the Certificates on the
defendant’s behalf (the fact that such authority was alleged to have been
exercised fraudulently was beside the point).

132 On this point, the Arbitrator held as follows at para 199 of the Award:
141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 133 (para 199).

199\. The Tribunal does not accept that Article [redacted] of the
[defendant’s] memorandum and articles of association conferred on [Y] actual
authority to issue [redacted] Certificates which contained fraudulent
misrepresentations. The Tribunal also does not accept that, as directors (and,
in [Y’s] case as CEO), [X] and [Y] were vested with apparent authority by the
[defendant] to issue such [redacted] Certificates. The issue of fraudulent
[redacted] Certificates does not fall within the usual scope of the office of
the CEO. The so-called indoor management rule is not engaged.

133 In my view, this was at best an instance where the Arbitrator’s phrasing
was perhaps infelicitous. However, I do not accept that the Arbitrator
determined the (wrong) question of whether X and Y had apparent authority to
issue fraudulent Certificates. I cannot imagine that this would have even been
an issue raised or worth exploring – it is inconceivable for any director of a
company to be clothed with apparent authority to engage in fraud. It is also
unbelievable for any company’s memorandum and articles of association to
confer actual authority on its directors to make fraudulent
misrepresentations. Reading the Award closely and in context, it is
sufficiently clear, in my view, that the Arbitrator was in fact deciding on
the question posed to him by the claimant – viz, whether X and Y had apparent
authority to issue the Certificates on the defendant’s behalf. As such, the
claimant was heard and did in fact present its case, only that the Arbitrator
disagreed with the claimant and found that the indoor management rule was not
engaged.

134 In any event, even if I accept the claimant’s argument that the Arbitrator
decided a different unargued point, I am of the view that no prejudice would
have been occasioned to the claimant. I elaborate below.

135 Even if X and Y had been vested with apparent authority, the Arbitrator
found that there was no evidence that it was X and Y who had issued the
Certificates. The Arbitrator also noted that the circumstances in which the
Certificates had come to be issued “remain[ed] opaque” and that the claimant
had adduced no evidence of “the roles played by [X] and [Y]” or any other
person sufficient to fix the defendant with liability. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab B (Final Award) at p 133 (para 198).

These were all conclusions arrived at by the Arbitrator based on the evidence
adduced during the Arbitration, or the lack thereof; significantly, these are
all conclusions that the claimant does not (and indeed, cannot) challenge.
Viewed through this lens, the claimant’s attempt, through this application, to
obviate this inherent weakness in its case runs the risk, again, of being
construed as a backdoor attempt to relitigate the merits of the matter and
obtain a second bite of the cherry. For the foregoing reasons, I also reject
this ground of the application.

Whether the making of the Award was induced or affected by fraud

136 Finally, the claimant contends that the making of the Award was induced,
or was affected, by procedural fraud as (a) the defendant had concealed
material documents in the Arbitration which it was obligated to disclose
pursuant to the Arbitrator’s orders for disclosure, and there are likely to be
more material documents that remain undisclosed; and (b) one of the
defendant’s witnesses (an employee of the defendant) (the “Employee”) had
committed perjury and given false evidence in the Arbitration. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

CWS at para 122.

The applicable law

137 “Fraud” under s 24(a) of the IAA includes procedural fraud, that is, when
a party commits perjury, conceals material information and/or suppresses
evidence that would have substantial effect on the making of the award:
Bloomberry Resorts and Hotels Inc and another v Global Gaming Philippines LLC
and another [2021] 1 SLR 1045 at [41]. In my view, the same applies to the in
pari materia provision under s 48(1)(a)(vi) of the AA.

138 In CLX v CLY and another and another matter [2022] SGHC 17 (“CLX”) at
[59], I summarised the key principles concerning perjury and concealment of
evidence in an arbitration, including concealing documents or information – my
summary was based on the succinct exposition of those principles by Ang J (as
she then was) in Bloomberry Resorts and Hotels Inc and another v Global Gaming
Philippines LLC and another [2021] 3 SLR 725 at [103]–[106]:

(a) Perjury and the deliberate suppression or withholding of documents in an
arbitration can in a proper case amount to obtaining an award by fraud.

(b) Where the fraud alleged is perjury, the applicant must prove that:

(i) false evidence is given which is intended to cause any person in that
proceeding to form an erroneous opinion that touches any point material to the
result of such proceeding;

(ii) the new evidence demonstrating fraud could not have been discovered or
produced, despite reasonable diligence, during the arbitration proceedings;
and

(iii) the newly discovered evidence must be decisive in that it would have
prompted the arbitrator to have ruled in favour of the applicant instead of
the other party.

(c) Where the fraud alleged is concealment or non-disclosure of material
information or documents, the applicant must prove that:

(i) there is deliberate (as opposed to innocent or negligent) concealment
aimed at deceiving the arbitral tribunal or the other party/parties to the
arbitration;

(ii) there is a causative link between the deliberate concealment and the
decision in favour of the concealing party (ie, the concealment must have
substantially impacted the making of the award). The document(s) (or
information) concealed must be so material that earlier discovery would have
prompted the arbitrator to rule in favour of the applicant; and

(iii) there must not have been a good reason for the non-disclosure.

Non-disclosure of the Whatsapp Message

139 The claimant argues that the defendant’s non-disclosure of one Whatsapp
message between the Employee and Y dated [D0+21] (the “Whatsapp Message”)
constituted fraud that induced or affected the making of the Award. The
Whatsapp Message conveyed that the Employee wished to seek Y’s advice on a
written undertaking that the defendant had given to another entity (the
“Entity”). 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

CWS at paras 133–134; Defendant’s 1st Affidavit at p 241.

140 The claimant’s case is that the Whatsapp Message fell within the
categories of documents ordered to be disclosed by the Arbitrator, as set out
below: 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

CWS at paras 131–132.

3 In respect of the period [M0-3] to [D0+28]:

\- All documents produced by, and correspondence (including emails, WhatsApp,
WeChat and SMS messages) exchanged between the [defendant] and [Co A], their
employees and agents (including but not limited to [Y], [X], … and [the
Employee]) that refer to and/or relate to Tanks [Delta, Bravo, Charlie,
Foxtrot and/or Echo].

8\. In relation to the period [M0-2] to [D0+34]: All documents and/or records
… and/or correspondence (including letters, acknowledgements, confirmations,
emails, WhatsApp, WeChat and SMS messages) exchanged between the [defendant],
[the Entity] and/or [Co A] and their employees and agents (including but not
limited to [Y], [X], … and [the Employee]) in relation to:

1\. [The Entity’s] alleged interest in and/or the allocation of storage tanks
[Alpha, Bravo and Charlie] to [the Entity]; and

2\. [The Entity’s] inventory allegedly being stored at the [defendant’s]
Terminal.

…

10\. In relation to the inspection of the Competing Interest Tanks by [the
Entity] … on or about [D0+19] and [D0+20], any documents… and/or
correspondence (including letters, acknowledgements, confirmations, emails,
WhatsApp, WeChat and SMS messages or any other form of writing) that were
provided by the [defendant’s] representatives to any director, officer,
employee or secondee of the [defendant] and/or [Co A], or any instructions
received by the [defendant’s] representatives from any such person, whether
provided or received before, during or after the inspections.

11\. All documents and/or records… and/or correspondence (including letters,
acknowledgements, confirmations, emails, WhatsApp, WeChat and SMS messages or
any other form of writing) exchanged between the [defendant], other third
parties, and/or [Co A] and their employees and agents (including but not
limited to [Y], [X] … and [the Employee]) in relation to the discharge of a
shipment of approximately [redacted] barrels of Gasoil 10 ppm sulphur into
Tanks [Bravo] and [Charlie] on [D0-1].

141 I agree with Mr Nandakumar’s submission that the Whatsapp Message was not
responsive to any of the above categories. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

DWS at pp 49–50 (Annex A).

(a) Category 3: The Whatsapp Message did not refer to and/or relate to tanks
Delta, Bravo, Charlie, Foxtrot and/or Echo.

(b) Category 8: The Whatsapp Message did not relate to (a) the Entity’s
alleged interest in and/or the allocation of storage tanks Alpha, Bravo and
Charlie to the Entity; or (b) the Entity’s inventory allegedly being stored at
the defendant’s terminal.

(c) Category 10: The Whatsapp Message did not relate to inspection of the
Competing Interest Tanks.

(d) Category 11: The Whatsapp Message did not relate to the discharge of a
shipment of approximately [redacted] barrels of Gasoil 10 ppm sulphur into
tanks Bravo and Charlie on [D0-1].

142 Accordingly, there was no obligation on the defendant’s part to disclose
the Whatsapp Message in the Arbitration. In the absence of such an obligation,
I am not persuaded that there was deliberate concealment on the defendant’s
part aimed at deceiving the Arbitrator or the claimant (see [138(c)(i)]
above). I also bear in mind that the Whatsapp Message was disclosed by the
defendant in another suit pending before the court; this does not appear to be
conduct consistent with a party intent on deliberately concealing or
suppressing evidence. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Transcript 13 April 2023 at p 12 ln 8–12.

In my judgment, the claimant has failed to prove that there was fraud by the
defendant in the suppression or withholding of documents.

143 Even if I am wrong on this, the claimant’s case also fails for a second
reason, namely that the alleged concealment of the Whatsapp Message did not
substantially impact the making of the Award (see [138(c)(ii)] above). First,
the substance of the information in the Whatsapp Message was already made
known in the Arbitration by way of the disclosure of the Employee’s email to
the Entity dated [D0+20], wherein the Employee informed the Entity that she
was “awaiting instructions from [Co A] on the [undertaking]”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

DWS at para 98; Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 169; Claimant’s Exhibit at
Tab 24 of Tab C at p 495.

Second, I fail to see how the single Whatsapp Message conveying that the
Employee needed Y’s advice on the undertaking given to the Entity could have
made any substantial impact on the Arbitrator’s decision on any of the
claimant’s claims.

Employee’s evidence during the hearing

144 The claimant submits that the Employee committed perjury when cross-
examined on whether the Employee had failed to disclose all relevant
communications in the Arbitration. The nub of the claimant’s allegations is
that the Employee lied (a) about the frequency of the Employee’s WhatsApp
communications with Y; and (b) that the Employee had not exchanged any
messages with Y that were relevant to the Arbitration. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

CWS at para 137.

145 In my view, the claimant’s case on perjury fails for the fundamental
reason that the claimant has not proved that the Employee gave false evidence.

146 The Employee’s evidence was that (a) the Employee and Y exchanged minimal
Whatsapp messages for business over the years; and (b) they did not exchange
messages that were relevant to the Arbitration: 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

CWS at para 137; Claimant’s Exhibit at Tab Q (Notes of Evidence, 21 October
2021) at p 1825 (p 15 ln 9 – p 16 ln 6).

Q: … are you saying that you do not exchange WhatsApp messages for business
with [Y]?

A: To the best of my recollection, over the years it’s very minimal. He would
rather call me and give me instructions over the phone.

…

Q: Has anybody [seen] [the five-six WhatsApp messages] to see whether these
are relevant to these proceedings?

A: It is not relevant, because if you’re asking me for these proceedings
regarding [the claimant’s] matter, there was no message from him at all,
nothing at all.

147 On the evidence before me, I disagree that the Employee’s evidence was
demonstrably untrue. The Whatsapp messages exhibited in the defendant’s
affidavit suggest that Y rarely corresponded with the Employee via WhatsApp.
In fact, Y did not even reply to the Employee’s Whatsapp Message that the
claimant argues should have been disclosed. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Defendant’s 1st Affidavit at pp 240–242.

The other messages exhibited pertained to the then-prevailing COVID-19
restrictions and the defendant’s intended legal representation. Further, for
the reasons canvassed above at [143], the Whatsapp Message was not of
relevance to the Arbitration. I also disagree with the argument made by Mr Lok
that the messages exchanged between Y and the Employee on the defendant’s
intended legal representation demonstrated the senior position and influence
that Y had in the defendant, and therefore this evidence would (if not
suppressed) have had a material impact on the issues of attribution of
knowledge of Y to the defendant and the identification doctrine, in the
context of the claims advanced by the claimant in the Arbitration for unlawful
means conspiracy. Those arguments make a leap too far and are somewhat
speculative. In my judgment, the claimant has not demonstrated that there
could have been any meaningful difference to the outcome of the Arbitration,
bearing in mind again the Arbitrator’s fundamental difficulty with the lack of
evidence adduced by the claimant on the alleged combination involving the
defendant, X and/or Y (see [84] above).

Other allegedly suppressed documents

148 The claimant contends that there are likely to be further WhatsApp
exchanges or correspondence between the Employee and Y on matters that fall
within the ordered disclosures, but which were not disclosed. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

CWS at para 158.

The claimant relies on the case of Dongwoo Mann+Hummel Co Ltd v Mann+Hummel
GmbH [2008] 3 SLR(R) 871 (“Dongwoo”) at [146] to argue that the present case
was one where “a party hides even the existence of the damning document and
then dishonestly denies its very existence so that the opposing party does not
even have the chance to submit that an adverse inference ought to be drawn for
non-production”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

CWS at para 162.

149 Assuming, for argument’s sake, that the defendant indeed suppressed other
documents, the claimant’s reliance on Dongwoo is misplaced. Dongwoo dealt with
the question of whether the tribunal could and should draw an adverse
inference for non-production – if a party hid even the existence of the
damning document and dishonestly denied its very existence, the question of
whether an adverse inference for non-production should be drawn would not even
arise as the opposing party and the tribunal would be kept in the dark (at
[146]). Suppression of the relevant documents was thus viewed from the
perspective of the tribunal during the arbitration proceedings.

150 In my judgment, when a setting aside application on the ground of fraud by
way of concealment of evidence is placed before the seat court, there must be
actual evidence of the existence of those documents that the party allegedly
concealed in the arbitration proceedings before the court can even conclude
that the making of the award was indeed induced or affected by fraud, bearing
in mind the high standard of proof required for an allegation of fraudulent
conduct (Dongwoo at [147]; CLX at [57]–[58])). Otherwise, the allegation of
fraud would be purely speculative. A conclusion that a party had concealed
documents during the arbitration proceedings, such that the making of the
award was induced or affected by fraud, is a finding of fact which can only be
reached after those documents are first proved to exist.

151 Here, as the claimant concedes, it has no way of knowing what
communications took place between the Employee and Y and whether such
conversations touched on issues relevant to the Arbitration. Consequently, the
claimant is also unable to say with certainty whether such evidence could have
any material impact on the Arbitrator’s findings. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

CWS at para 161.

For these reasons provided by the claimant itself, I am of the view that the
claimant’s allegation, that unidentified further documentary evidence (the
existence of which remains unrevealed and a mystery) was concealed in the
Arbitration, is bound to fail.

152 Separately from its written submissions in this application, the claimant
seeks to match in its supporting affidavit the description of the documents in
the defendant’s list of documents (“DLOD”) filed in HC/S [redacted] to
discovery categories ordered by the Arbitrator. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 165.

This also does not assist the claimant. The description of the documents in
the DLOD is vague at best and does not shed much light on the contents of
these allegedly concealed documents. The description of the correspondence in
the DLOD (by email and WhatsApp) only contains: (a) the names of the sender
and recipient(s); (b) the date and time of the communication; (c) in the case
of emails, the subject title of the email. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at pp 60–62.

It is therefore difficult to reach the conclusion that these documents were
responsive to any of the categories of documents ordered to be disclosed by
the Arbitrator.

153 For the reasons set out above, the claimant’s case that the Award was
induced or affected by fraud because the defendant had concealed further
material documents which the claimant alleges are likely to exist (but which
have not been identified or proven to exist), does not pass muster and I
reject it accordingly.

Whether the Award is contrary to public policy

154 An award may be set aside by the court if it finds that the award is
contrary to public policy: s 48(1)(b)(ii) of the AA.

155 It is trite that that an award obtained by fraud would violate the basic
notions of morality and justice, thus amounting to a breach of the public
policy of Singapore: Beijing Sinozonto Mining Investment Co Ltd v Goldenray
Consortium (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 814 at [41]; CLX at [119].

156 For the reasons articulated above at [136]–[153], I am of the view that
the making of the Award was not induced or affected by fraud. Accordingly, the
Award cannot be contrary to public policy. Consequently, this ground of the
application also fails.

Remission

157 As I have rejected all of the claimant’s grounds for setting aside the
Award, the question whether these proceedings should be suspended and for the
matter to be remitted to the Arbitrator is rendered moot. Nevertheless, I feel
compelled to make some remarks on the manner in which the claimant has chosen
to mount its case on remission.

158 The claimant submits that the Award should be set aside and that remission
is inappropriate in this case given the “[Arbitrator’s] apparent
predisposition against [the claimant]”. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

CWS at para 165.

One of the arguments raised by the claimant is that “there is reasonable cause
for concern that the [Arbitrator] may hold it against [the claimant] for
having asked the [Arbitrator] to clarify certain entries in the [Arbitrator’s]
curriculum vitae (“CV”)”. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

CWS at para 176.

159 By way of background and to explain the context behind this “reasonable
cause for concern”, after the issuance of the Award, the claimant (through its
solicitors) wrote to the Arbitrator on [date redacted] seeking clarification
on certain entries in the Arbitrator’s CV regarding his prior experience in
certain commercial arbitration and insolvency proceedings that were listed in
his CV. The claimant queried whether those proceedings were related to the
Arbitration and the parties to the Arbitration. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 212.

The Arbitrator’s initial response was that he had “heavy court commitments and
will give it consideration in due course when time permits”. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 213.

On [date redacted], claimant’s counsel requested that the Arbitrator attend to
their query by [date redacted], to which the Arbitrator replied on the same
day that he would respond “as soon as [he] [was] able during the course of
next week when clear of [his] current court and other commitments”. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at paras 214–215.

Claimant’s counsel proceeded to chase the Arbitrator on the same day,
expressing its disappointment and highlighting that “[t]he relevance of our
client’s request for clarification and the sensitivity of the timing of
receipt of [the Arbitrator’s] response is self-evident”. The email also
requested for a response by [date redacted] and stated that “[i]f no response
is received by then, our client will take it that your preference is not to
respond”. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 216.

The Arbitrator responded three days later: 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Claimant’s 1st Affidavit at para 217.

Further to my email of [date redacted], I have now considered the inquiry
raised by your client in your email of [date redacted]. I have done so now
rather than next week at considerable professional and personal inconvenience,
in view of your client’s request in your email of [date redacted] for a
response by next Monday.

The suggestion by you in your email of [date redacted] that there is any
connection between the timing of my response and, I presume, the time limit
for any application by your client to set aside the Final Award is both
unwarranted and unfounded.

Having considered the inquiry, your client has no entitlement to the
information requested. Notwithstanding that, (i) neither of the bullet points
on my website to which your clients refers pertains to [the Arbitration]; and
(ii) the arbitrations in question and the claim referred to by your client in
my experience statement did not involve any of the persons to which your email
refers.

As you will be aware, I am functus in the arbitral proceedings in [the
Arbitration] and shall not be engaging in further correspondence on this
matter with the parties or their counsel.

160 To begin with, if the claimant had any concerns over the Arbitrator’s
impartiality or that there might exist a conflict of interest, it should have
perused the Arbitrator’s CV, which the claimant acknowledges is “publicly
available”, 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

CWS at para 177.

at the time the tribunal had been constituted and not only after the Award was
released. Given the amounts at stake, it would be surprising if the claimant
or its representatives had not undertaken any checks at all on the Arbitrator
when the parties had been notified of his appointment by the SIAC and only
purported to do so after the Award was published. The claimant’s decision to
raise questions relating to the Arbitrator’s CV after the release of the Award
could therefore be construed as more than just mere coincidence but rather, an
attempt by the claimant to self-induce an impression that the Arbitrator would
“hold it against” the claimant because the claimant had raised doubts over the
Arbitrator’s impartiality and professionalism, and that therefore, it would be
inappropriate to remit the matter to the Arbitrator. According to the
claimant, from the Arbitrator’s “terse response” to the claimant’s solicitors’
questions, the Arbitrator “displayed obvious displeasure” in having to respond
to the questions raised, and thus the claimant was concerned that objectively
there was a risk that the Arbitrator may be “sub-consciously tempted to
achieve the same result as before” (BZW at [67(a)]). 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

CWS at paras 181–183.

161 I do not find any merit in these arguments. I note in this regard that the
claimant did not seek to set aside the Award on the basis that the Arbitrator
was biased in any way, despite the serious suggestions in the claimant’s
written submissions ([158] above) of (i) the Arbitrator’s “apparent
predisposition against [the claimant]” 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

CWS at para 165.

and (ii) that reading the Award objectively would give a reasonable person the
sense that the Arbitrator had a “strong leaning” in favour of the defendant
and that he “went out of [his] way to find in favour of [the defendant]”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

CWS at para 172.

This then raises questions as to the bona fides and real motive of the
claimant in seeking the Arbitrator’s clarification, post-Award, on whether the
Arbitrator was in a position of conflict of interest.

162 As a matter of principle, I should say that the court would not look
fondly on applicants who attempt, post-award, to create evidence or
circumstances to portray an arbitral tribunal as being incapable of viewing
the matter objectively should the dispute be remitted to it by the court. If
parties can prevent remission simply by being antagonistic towards a tribunal
after it is functus officio and questioning (by innuendo) the tribunal’s
impartiality without any real bite to any implied suggestion of bias, such
conduct would, in my view, make a mockery of the process of arbitration and
the process of seeking recourse from the court against an arbitral award.

163 There were, regrettably, traces of such conduct by the claimant in this
case. Nonetheless, since the question of remission does not arise for my
consideration, I will say no more on this.

Conclusion

164 For the reasons detailed in this judgment, none of the grounds upon which
the claimant relies to set aside the Award has succeeded. Accordingly, I
dismiss the claimant’s application.

165 I shall hear the parties separately on costs. For the avoidance of doubt,
the time for filing any appeal against this judgment shall start to run from
the date of this judgment and not after the court has determined the question
of costs.

S Mohan J  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Lok Vi Ming SC, Lee Sien Liang Joseph, Mohammad Haireez bin Mohameed Jufferie,
Muk Chen Yeen Jonathan, Thong Ying Xuan, Jean Chan Lay Koon (LVM Law Chambers
LLC) for the claimant;

Nandakumar Ponniya Servai, Wong Tjen Wee, Emmanuel Duncan Chua, Lee Yu Lun,
Darrell, Irvin Ho Jia Xian, Lim Jia Ren (Wong & Leow LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Sep 2023 (10:45 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

