Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 271

Originating Application No 511 of 2023

Between

| Tan Zhi Wei, Alan (Chen Zhiwei, Alan)  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| Tan Jia Lin, Jaylin  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Family Law — Family Court]

[Courts and Jurisdiction — Jurisdiction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Zhi Wei Alan

  
v

  

Tan Jia Lin Jaylin

[2023] SGHC 271

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 511 of 2023  
Chua Lee Ming J  
23 August 2023

27 September 2023

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The question in this case was whether an application to remove a joint
administrator may be made to the General Division of the High Court (the
“General Division”) or whether it should be made to the Family Justice Courts,
specifically the Family Courts.

Facts

2 Mr Tan Sue Hua (the “Deceased”) died intestate on 7 May 2018. He was
survived by:

(a) Mdm Ng Hwee Hoon (“Mdm Ng”), his lawful widow;

(b) the applicant, his lawful son; and

(c) the respondent, his lawful daughter.

They are the only beneficiaries of the Deceased’s estate (the “Estate”).

3 The bulk of the Estate comprised a one third share (worth $9.33m as of 11
December 2018) in a property at Upper Serangoon Road and a one quarter share
(worth $1.75m as of 11 December 2018) in a property at Tai Keng Gardens.

4 Unfortunately, disputes arose over who should apply for letters of
administration of the Estate. There was distrust between Mdm Ng and the
respondent on the one hand, and the applicant on the other. Suffice it to say
for present purposes that:

(a) Mdm Ng first applied to be appointed as administratrix of the Estate but
subsequently withdrew her application after the applicant objected to her
application. Mdm Ng also confirmed her intention to renounce her prior rights
and to consent to the applicant and respondent being joint applicants and
administrators of the Estate.

(b) The respondent then filed a caveat against the Estate and the applicant
challenged the caveat. Eventually, agreement was reached, and the applicant
and the respondent jointly applied for letters of administration of the
Estate. The letters of administration were granted to both of them on 27 June
2022 by the Family Courts.

5 The truce did not last. Disputes arose between the applicant and the
respondent over the opening of a bank account for the Estate.

6 On 18 May 2023, the applicant filed the present application for:

(a) the respondent to be removed as the joint administrator, and for the
applicant to continue as the sole remaining administrator of the Estate;

(b) in the alternative, for the Estate to be administered by the court, and
for the applicant to be solely authorised to prosecute all actions necessary
in the administration of the Estate; or

(c) in the further alternative, that the respondent shall co-operate and
collaborate with the applicant in prosecuting all actions necessary in the
administration of the Estate upon giving the respondent notice of not less
than seven clear days.

The respondent’s preliminary objection

7 The respondent submitted that the General Division did not have jurisdiction
to hear or make the orders sought in this application because the matters fell
within the jurisdiction of the Family Division of the High Court (the “Family
Division”). The respondent argued that:

(a) The application to remove the respondent as an administrator was an
application to revoke and/or amend the grant of letters of administration to
the applicant and the respondent.

(b) The jurisdiction to grant probates and letters of administration and to
alter or revoke such grants is to be exercised through the Family Division: s
22(1)(a) of the Family Justice Act 2014 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “FJA”) read with s
17(1)(f) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed) (the
“SCJA”).

8 The applicant submitted that the General Division had jurisdiction over this
matter for the following reasons:

(a) The present application did not fall within the jurisdiction of the Family
Division because the application was not about the granting, amendment, or
revocation of the letters of administration, and was not a “family proceeding”
under the FJA.

(b) The inherent jurisdiction of the General Division under O 3 r 2(2) of the
Rules of Court 2021 was required for the removal of the respondent as joint
administrator of the Estate.

My decision

9 In my view, the applicant was wrong to have commenced the present
proceedings in the General Division. This application ought to have been filed
in the FJC, specifically the Family Courts.

10 First, although the Probate and Administration Act 1934 (2020 Rev Ed) (the
“PAA”) does not provide specifically for the removal of a co-administrator, in
my view, the power to do so is to be found in s 32 of the PAA which provides
that “[a]ny probate or letters of administration may be revoked or amended for
any sufficient cause.” The removal of a co-administrator involves (a) revoking
the grant to that co-administrator (ie, a partial revocation of the original
grant), and (b) amending the original grant to reflect the revocation of the
grant to that co-administrator.

11 Second, the jurisdiction to exercise the power under s 32 of the PAA is
part of the civil jurisdiction of the General Division by virtue of s 17(1)(f)
of the SCJA which states:

Civil jurisdiction — specific

17.—(1) Without limiting section 16, the civil jurisdiction of the General
Division includes —

…

(f) jurisdiction to grant probates of wills and testaments, letters of
administration of the estates of deceased persons and to alter or revoke such
grants;

…

12 However, the jurisdiction under s 17(1)(f) of the SCJA is to be exercised
through the Family Division by virtue of s 22(1)(a) of the FJA. Section 22 of
the FJA states:

Original civil jurisdiction of General Division of High Court exercisable
through Family Division

22.—(1) The part of the civil jurisdiction of the General Division of the High
Court which is exercised through the Family Division consists of —

(a) the jurisdiction conferred on the General Division of the High Court by
sections 17(1)(a), (d), (e) and (f) and 17A of the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act 1969; and

(b) such other jurisdiction relating to family proceedings as is vested in or
conferred on the General Division of the High Court by any written law.

(2) To avoid doubt, the Family Division of the High Court has, when exercising
any jurisdiction mentioned in subsection (1)(a) or (b), all the powers of the
General Division of the High Court in the exercise of its original civil
jurisdiction.

13 The Family Division is one of the courts forming the FJC, the others being
the Family Courts and the Youth Courts: s 3 of the FJA. Section 22 of the FJA
refers to the Family Division but s 26(2) of the FJA makes it clear that the
Family Courts also have the jurisdiction and the powers mentioned in s 22 of
the FJA. Section 26 of the FJA states:

Jurisdiction of Family Courts

26.—(1) A Family Court is a court of record.

(2) Subject to subsections (4), (5) and (6), a Family Court has –

(a) all the civil jurisdiction of the General Division of the High Court
mentioned in section 22(1)(a) and (b);

(b) when exercising any jurisdiction mentioned in section 22(1)(a) or (b), all
the powers of the General Division of the High Court in the exercise of the
original civil jurisdiction of the General Division of the High Court; and

(c) such other jurisdiction relating to family proceedings as is conferred on
a Family Court by any written law.

…

(3A) If any family proceedings may be heard and determined by a Family Court
or by the Family Division of the High Court, those proceedings must in the
first instance be commenced in a Family Court.

(4) Despite subsections (2), (3) and (3A), the Chief Justice may by order in
the Gazette direct that any class or description of family proceedings
specified in the order are to be heard and determined by the Family Division
of the High Court.

…

With respect to subsection (4), O 2(b) of the Family Justice (Family
Proceedings before Family Division of High Court) Order 2014 states that “any
proceedings to alter, revoke or annul any grant of probate or letters of
administration by the [Family Division]” shall be heard and determined by the
Family Division. However, O 2(b) did not apply in the present case because it
was a Family Court that granted the letters of administration to the applicant
and respondent. Subsections (5) and (6) were not relevant for present
purposes.

14 As defined in s 2(1)(q) of the FJA, “family proceedings” include “on or
after 1 January 2015, any civil proceedings under the [PAA]”.

15 The present application to remove the respondent as co-administrator of the
Estate was a civil proceeding under the PAA. Accordingly, it was clear that,
by virtue of s 26(3A) of the FJA, it ought to have been filed in the first
instance in a Family Court.

16 This conclusion is confirmed by the Explanatory Statement to the Family
Justice Bill (8 July 2014). The Explanatory Statement to Clause 22 (which was
subsequently enacted as s 22 of the FJA) states that “Clause 22 sets out the
part of the civil jurisdiction of the High Court which must be exercised
through the Family Division of the High Court [emphasis added]”, thus making
it clear that the matters referred to in s 22 (including an application to
remove a co-administrator) fall within the jurisdiction of the Family
Division. By virtue of s 26(2) of the FJA, a Family Court would then also have
jurisdiction over such matters (subject to subsections (3), (4) and (5)).

17 This conclusion is also consistent with the legislative purpose and object
of establishing the FJC by the FJA. The FJC was intended to be a specialist
court to hear all family-related cases: Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (4 August 2014), vol 92 (K Shanmugam, Minister for Law).

18 For completeness, I should add that given my decision on the preliminary
issue of jurisdiction, it was unnecessary for me to consider the merits of the
application to remove the respondent as a co-administrator. That will have to
be dealt with by the Family Courts, if the applicant decides to file a fresh
application there.

Conclusion

19 For the above reasons, I dismissed the application. I ordered the
applicants to pay costs to the respondent fixed at $2,000, including
disbursements.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Han Kee Fong and Donny Tan (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the applicant;

Oei Ai Hoea Anna (Tan Oei & Oei LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Sep 2023 (14:30 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

