Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 192

Originating Claim No 112 of 2023 (Summons No 1447 of 2023)

Between

Ho Chee Kian  
---  
  
… Claimant

And

Ho Kwek Sin  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Summary judgment]

[Contract — Discharge — Breach]

[Damages — Measure of damages — Contract]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ho Chee Kian

  

v

  

Ho Kwek Sin

[2023] SGHC 192

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 112 of 2023 (Summons
No 1447 of 2023)  
Goh Yihan JC  
27 June 2023

18 July 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 This is the claimant’s application for summary judgment against the
defendant under O 9 r 17 of the Rules of Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”). In
particular, the claimant seeks: (a) a declaration that the defendant breached
cl 2(b) of a Settlement Agreement; (b) an order that the defendant
specifically performs various aspects of the Settlement Agreement; and (c) in
the alternative to (b), damages of $308,038.34 or an amount to be assessed.
The claimant had originally sought a declaration that the defendant also
breached cl 2(c) of the Settlement Agreement but withdrew this at the hearing
before me. The defendant argues that the application should be dismissed and
prays that he be given unconditional leave to defend.

2 Having taken some time to consider the matter, I allow the claimant’s
application. I enter summary judgment in favour of the claimant, with damages
to be assessed by the Registrar. In essence, this case involves a valid and
binding agreement that was entered into by the claimant and the defendant. The
claimant performed his side of the bargain. The defendant did not do so. But
the defendant has provided no good reason why he has not so performed. As a
result, the claimant is entitled to damages arising from the defendant’s
breach of the agreement. I provide the full reasons for my decision in this
judgment.

Background facts

3 I begin with the background facts. The claimant is the son of a brother of
the late Mr Ho Kok Kwong (“the Deceased”). The defendant is another brother of
the Deceased. The claimant is therefore the defendant’s nephew by virtue of
the claimant’s father being the brother of the defendant and the Deceased.
Both the claimant and the defendant are beneficiaries of the estate of the
Deceased.

The Deceased’s death and ensuing Estate

4 The Deceased passed away in unfortunate circumstances. On 2 July 2020,
officers from the National Environment Agency discovered the skeletal remains
of the Deceased in his flat (“the Flat”). It was determined through forensic
tests that the Deceased had died about nine years ago. Tragically, because the
Deceased’s body had laid undiscovered for many years, it had decomposed to
such an extent that the police pathologist was not able to determine the cause
of death. Following further investigations, the police determined that there
was no foul play involved in the Deceased’s death. On 13 August 2020, the
police passed the keys to the Flat to the defendant.

5 The Deceased had died intestate. On 13 August 2020, the defendant was
informed, by a letter from the claimant’s then-solicitors, that the claimant
intended to apply for the letters of administration of the Deceased’s estate
(“the Estate”). On 14 August 2020, the defendant replied, by way of a letter
from his then-solicitors, that he has a prior right to the grant of such
letters of administration. On 20 August 2020, the claimant replied that he was
agreeable to the defendant being appointed as administrator of the Estate,
provided that the claimant be joined as a co-administrator. On 31 August 2020,
the defendant informed the claimant that he, as the surviving sibling of the
Deceased, has the right to be the sole administrator of the Estate and did not
require the claimant’s consent to do this.

The parties’ dispute and the Settlement Agreement

6 Against these circumstances, the defendant applied to the Family Justice
Courts on 11 September 2020 to be the sole administrator of the Estate (“the
LA Application”). However, so as to ensure that letters of administration
would not be granted without notice given to him, the claimant filed caveat
FC/CAVP 80/2020 on 14 August 2020 against the grant of letters of
administration. The claimant later filed caveat FC/CAVP 8/2021 on 8 February
2021. Between September 2020 and March 2021, the claimant and the defendant
continued to argue about the defendant’s right to be an administrator of the
Estate.

7 The parties’ dispute in relation to the LA Application led to a court
mediation on 31 March 2021. The mediation culminated in a Settlement Agreement
which was entered into on 1 June 2021 between the claimant, the defendant, and
the Deceased’s nieces, Ms Lam Joon Lan, and Ms Lam Yuen Har (“the Settlement
Agreement”). Broadly speaking, the effect of the Settlement Agreement is for
the claimant to withdraw the two caveats he had lodged, which would then
enable the defendant to proceed with the LA Application to be the sole
administrator of the Estate. The claimant and his brother, Mr Ho Chee Sin
(“HCS”), are also to donate their respective shares of the Estate to a
charity. The defendant is then to make a similar donation in a matching
amount. I will go through the clauses of the Settlement Agreement in detail
later, but it suffices to say that the parties’ dispute centres on the
interpretation and application of these clauses.

Events after the Settlement Agreement leading to the present application

8 On 7 June 2021, the claimant withdrew the two caveats he had lodged. On 8
August 2021, the defendant was granted the letters of administration as the
sole administrator of the Estate. However, on 9 March 2022, the claimant
commenced FC/OSP 10/2022 (“OSP 10”) against the defendant in the latter’s
capacity as administrator of the Estate. In brief, in OSP 10, the claimant
sought an order for the defendant, as the administrator of the Estate, to file
and serve an affidavit on the steps that he had taken to collect, bring in,
and distribute the Estate. The claimant commenced OSP 10 because he felt that
the defendant did not provide the beneficiaries with accurate information
about the administration progress and distribution timeline. OSP 10 was
largely dismissed by the Family Justice Courts on 1 November 2022, save for
the claimant’s prayer that the defendant makes available a video recording and
contents of several laptops for inspection and the taking of copies by the
beneficiaries.

9 On 28 December 2022, the defendant, acting as the sole administrator of the
Estate, paid $154,019.17 each to the claimant and HCS. On 30 December 2022,
the claimant and HCS arranged for two cashier’s orders, each of the amount
$154,019.17, to be issued in favour of Sian Chay Medical Institution (“SCMI”),
which is a registered Institution of Public Character. On the same day, SCMI
wrote a letter to the claimant and HCS to acknowledge receipt of the sum of
$308,038.34 through the two cashier’s orders issued in its favour (“the
Acknowledgement Letter”). The claimant provided the Acknowledgement Letter to
the defendant by way of an email dated 6 January 2023. When the defendant did
not respond, the claimant followed up with a letter dated 13 February 2023.
However, the defendant was not satisfied with the Acknowledgement Letter. As
such, by way of letters dated 14 February 2023 and 16 February 2023 from his
solicitors to the claimant, the defendant requested the official receipts
issued by SCMI to prove that the sum of $308,038.34 was duly received.

10 On 20 February 2023, the claimant commenced HC/OC 112/2023 (“OC 112”)
against the defendant, which is the underlying claim in relation to the
present application. After the parties filed their Statement of Claim and
Defence respectively, on 12 May 2023, the claimant filed the present
application for summary judgment.

The applicable law on summary judgment

11 Before considering the parties’ positions, I first set out the applicable
principles governing a summary judgment application under O 9 r 17 of the ROC
2021. As I explained in the High Court decision of Horizon Capital Fund v
Ollech David [2023] SGHC 164 (at [59]–[60]), it is trite law that the purpose
of the summary judgment procedure is to enable a claimant to obtain a quick
judgment where there is plainly no defence to the claim without trial (see the
High Court decision of Ling Yew Kong v Teo Vin Li Richard [2014] 2 SLR 123 at
[30], citing Singapore Civil Procedure 2013 (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2013)). Accordingly, if the defendant’s only suggested defence is a
point of law and the court can see at once that the point is misconceived (or,
if arguable, can be shown shortly to be plainly unsustainable), then the
claimant is entitled to summary judgment (see Singapore Civil Procedure 2021
vol 1 (Cavinder Bull gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2021) at para 14/1/2).

12 However, I should add that this does not mean that a defendant can never
resist summary judgment based on a question of law. One way that a defendant
can do so is when the question of law is complex. For instance, the High Court
in Calvin Klein, Inc and another v HS International Pte Ltd and others [2016]
5 SLR 1183 (at [102]–[106]) opined in obiter that it was not appropriate to
decide the issue of secondary trade mark infringement by way of summary
judgment because of the significant legal and factual complexities involved.
Nevertheless, summary judgment should still be granted once the court is
convinced that the question of law, however difficult, is really unarguable
(see the English Court of Appeal decision of Cow v Casey [1949] 1 KB 474 at
481). I make this observation because almost all of the defendant’s defences
in resisting the present application are founded on questions of law.

13 As such, to obtain summary judgment, a claimant must first show that he has
a prima facie case for his claims. If he fails to do that, his application
ought to be dismissed. However, once the claimant shows that he has a prima
facie case, the tactical burden then shifts to the defendant who, in order to
obtain permission to defend, must establish that there is a fair or reasonable
probability that he has a real or bona fide defence (see the High Court
decision of M2B World Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko [2015] 1 SLR
325 (“M2B World”) at [17], citing the High Court decision of Ritzland
Investment Pte Ltd v Grace Management & Consultancy Services Pte Ltd [2014] 2
SLR 1342 at [43]–[47]). The defendant needs only show that there is a triable
issue or question, or that for some other reason there ought to be a trial.
More specifically, the defendant must provide further evidence to rebut an
inference that may otherwise be drawn from the evidence provided by the
claimant. The court will not grant permission to defend if the defendant only
provides a mere assertion, contained in an affidavit, of a given situation
which forms the basis of his defence (see M2B World at [19], citing the High
Court decision of Prosperous Credit Pte Ltd v Gen Hwa Franchise International
Pte Ltd and others [1998] 1 SLR(R) 53 at [14]). If the defendant cannot
satisfy this tactical burden, the claimant will be entitled to summary
judgment.

The parties’ positions

14 With the applicable law in mind, I turn to the parties’ positions.

The claimant’s position that he has shown a prima facie case

15 The claimant’s position is that he has shown a prima facie case against the
defendant for the latter’s breach of the Settlement Agreement. First, the
claimant points out that the defendant does not dispute that the Settlement
Agreement is valid and binding. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 14 June 2023 (“CWS”) at para 23.

Second, the claimant has provided evidence to show that he and HCS made the
donation to SCMI by cashier’s orders and that SCMI is an Institution of Public
Character. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

CWS at para 25.

Third, SCMI provided a letter acknowledging receipt of the cashier’s orders. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

CWS at para 27.

Fourth, despite the claimant and HCS performing their side of the bargain, the
defendant did not make any donation to any charitable institution. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

CWS at para 28.

The claimant therefore says that the defendant has failed to perform his
obligations under the Settlement Agreement and is in breach of the same.

The defendant’s position that he has raised bona fide defences

16 It is appropriate at this point to turn to the defendant’s defences. From
as best as can be discerned, the defendant advances the following defences.
First, the defendant’s obligation under the Settlement Agreement to make a
donation does not arise. This is because the claimant has not complied with cl
2(b) read with cl 2(d) of the Settlement Agreement, as the claimant has failed
to provide receipts from SCMI to the defendant. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 14 June 2023 (“DWS”) at paras 48 and 50.

Second, in connection with the first ground, the defendant’s obligation to
make a donation is at his absolute discretion and is thus not contractually
binding. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DWS at para 51(b)(ii).

Third, the claimant’s commencement of OSP 10 amounts to a breach of the
Settlement Agreement, which disentitles or estops the claimant from relying on
the terms of the Settlement Agreement to commence OC 112. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DWS at para 51(b)(i).

Fourth, and this appears to be a point advanced only in the defendant’s
pleadings and not in his written submissions for the present application, the
claimant (and HCS) suffered no loss from the defendant’s failure to make the
donation. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defence (Amendment No. 1) dated 9 May 2023 at para 23.

17 In setting out these defences in this manner, I have not precisely
replicated all of the allegedly triable issues (of which there are 16) the
defendant had raised at paragraph 57 of his affidavit that he filed to resist
the present application. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Affidavit of Ho Kwek Sin dated 26 May 2023 at para 57.

I have not done so because the defendant himself has not advanced some of
these issues in his written submissions. Further, many of these issues are
either duplicative of others or plainly irrelevant to the material dispute
between the parties. To be fair to the defendant, I sought clarification from
his counsel, Mr Luke Lee (“Mr Lee”), during the hearing before me that my
setting out of the defences in the manner above is a fair representation of
the defendant’s intended defences. Mr Lee replied that it is. As such, I
proceed to analyse the defendant’s defences in the manner as I have set out
above.

The claimant’s position that the defendant has not raised any bona fide
defences

18 Against these defences, the claimant submits that the defendant has not, in
fact, raised any bona fide defences. First, the claimant has provided a
receipt from SCMI. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CWS at para 65.

Second, the defendant has a binding obligation to donate under the Settlement
Agreement. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

CWS at para 63.

Third, the claimant did not breach the Settlement Agreement by commencing OSP
10. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

CWS at para 41.

Fourth, assuming the claimant breached the Settlement Agreement, the defendant
has failed to state whether and when he elected to terminate the performance
of the Settlement Agreement. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CWS at para 33.

To the contrary, the defendant’s acts suggest he did not elect to terminate
the performance of the Settlement Agreement. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CWS at para 50.

My decision: the claimant is entitled to summary judgment

19 In my view, the claimant is entitled to summary judgment in respect of the
defendant’s breach of the Settlement Agreement. However, I do not find that
the claimant is entitled to all of the orders it seeks. Instead, I find that
the claimant is entitled only to damages to be assessed as a result of the
defendant’s breach. I expand on these conclusions below.

The claimant has shown a prima face case

20 To begin with, it is clear that the claimant has shown a prima facie case
that the defendant is in breach of the Settlement Agreement. The relevant
clause in this regard is cl 2 of the said Agreement, which reads as follows:
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1st Affidavit of Ho Chee Kian dated 12 May 2023 at p 20.

2\. The Parties agree to make donations to charity as follows:

(a) Upon the receipt of their respective shares of the inheritance, Mr HCK and
his sibling Mr Ho Chee Sin shall within 14 days inform Mr HKS in writing on
the name of the charity and percentage share in actual amount of their
inheritance they wish to donate.

(b) Upon the receipt of the above written confirmation by Mr HCK and Mr Ho
Chee Sin of amount of their donation and the charity name and that they having
donated the aforesaid amount to the said charity, Mr HKS shall within 14 days
from the date thereof, confirm in writing, his donation to a charity matching
the same percentage and actual amount of the inheritance donated by Mr HCK and
Mr Ho Chee Sin.

(c) Upon the receipt of the above written confirmation, Parties shall exchange
documentary evidence on their respective donations within the next 28 days.

(d) Each Party is at liberty to donate to a charity of their choice provided
the charity is registered as an IPC (Institution of a Public Character) and
each Party shall provide proof of the donation by way of receipt from the said
charity.

21 First, it is undisputed that the parties entered into a valid and binding
Settlement Agreement on 1 June 2021. Indeed, cl 4 of the Settlement Agreement
expressly provides that the parties “fully understand the terms of this
Settlement Agreement and are precluded from later alleging that they did not
consent and/or did not appreciatethe [sic] effect of the Settlement
Agreement”. Moreover, the defendant has not disputed the validity and binding
nature of the Settlement Agreement, nor has he argued that he entered into the
said Agreement under some misapprehension that would be sufficient to vitiate
the contract.

22 Second, it is clear from the documentary evidence that the claimant and HCS
have satisfied their obligations under cl 2(a) of the Settlement Agreement. In
this regard, after receiving their respective shares of the Estate on 28
December 2022 (amounting to $154,019.17 each), the claimant and HCS did,
within 14 days thereof, inform the defendant in writing via an email dated 6
January 2023 of the name of the charity that they wish to donate to (ie, SCMI)
and the amount they wish to donate (ie, $308,038.34 in total).

23 It is also clear from the documentary evidence that the claimant and HCS
have satisfied their obligations under cl 2(b) of the Settlement Agreement. In
addition to providing the written confirmation of the matters stipulated in cl
2(a), they also provided written confirmation that they have “donated the
aforesaid amount to the said charity”, in the form of the Acknowledgment
Letter from SCMI.

24 Third, it is clear that the defendant has, subject to any viable defence,
breached his obligation under cl 2(b) of the Settlement Agreement. Given that
the claimant and HCS had performed their obligations under cll 2(a) and 2(b)
of the Settlement Agreement, the defendant’s dependent obligation under cl
2(b) arose. In this regard, the defendant raises a rather convoluted manner of
reading cl 2(b), arguing that it can be broken down into two parts, and that
the first part in turn consists of two limbs. In my respectful view, not even
lawyers should read any clause in such a mechanical and robotic manner that is
inconsistent with the poetry and romance of the English language. Instead, on
a plain reading as informed by the context and a healthy dose of common sense,
cl 2(b) is very clear. The defendant’s obligation under cl 2(b) arose once the
claimant and HCS provided the defendant with written confirmation of the
amount of donation that they intended to make to their chosen charity and
written confirmation that they had indeed done so. Since the claimant and HCS
did precisely this by the email dated 6 January 2023 – which the defendant has
not denied receiving – the defendant’s obligation under cl 2(b) arises. This
obligation is that the defendant “shall within 14 days from the date thereof,
confirm in writing, his donation to a charity matching the same percentage and
actual amount of inheritance donated by Mr HCK and Mr Ho Chee Sin”.

25 In so far as the defendant argues that his obligation under cl 2(b) does
not arise because the claimant and HCS have merely provided the
Acknowledgement Letter as opposed to a receipt from SCMI, I do not find that
this prevents the claimant from establishing a prima facie case. This is
because cl 2(c) clearly provides that the parties are only to exchange
“documentary evidence on their respective donations within the next 28 days”
upon receipt of the various written confirmations. Clause 2(d) in turn defines
“documentary evidence” to be a “receipt from the said charity”. Accordingly,
again from a plain reading of cll 2(c)–2(d) as informed by the context, I find
that it is only after the defendant himself has confirmed, in writing, that he
has made his corresponding donation, will the claimant and HCS be obliged to
provide an official receipt from SCMI in respect of their donation to the
defendant. Since the defendant never provided any such written confirmation in
accordance with his obligation in cl 2(b), the claimant’s and HCS’s
obligations to exchange documentary evidence of their donation (by way of an
official receipt) under cl 2(c) read with cl 2(d) never arose. Accordingly,
the fact that the claimant and HCS have merely provided the Acknowledgement
Letter does not bar them from establishing a prima facie case against the
defendant. To the contrary, the claimant and HCS did more than was expected of
them by providing, in addition to a written confirmation of their donation, a
letter from the charity concerned that the donation sum was well and duly
received.

26 As a related but ultimately immaterial point, counsel for the claimant, Ms
Christine Chuah (“Ms Chuah”), submitted before me that the Acknowledgment
Letter amounts to a receipt under cl 2(d) of the Settlement Agreement. I do
not find this to be the case for the following reasons. First, as Mr Lee
points out, the Acknowledgment Letter provided by SCMI does not satisfy the
requirements of a tax deduction receipt under s 9(3) of the Charities
(Institutions of A Public Character) Regulations (2008 Rev Ed) (“s 9(3)”),
which states as follows:

(3) A tax deduction receipt shall be in such form as may be specified by the
Commissioner or the Sector Administrator and shall —

(a) incorporate the following statement:

“This receipt is for your retention. This donation is tax deductible and the
deduction will be automatically included in your tax assessment as you have
provided your Tax Reference number (e.g. NRIC/FIN/UEN). You do not need to
claim the deduction in your tax form.”;

(b) state the name of the Sector Administrator, where applicable; and

(c) be serially numbered.

Although the definition in cl 2(d) does not expressly require that the receipt
satisfy the requirement in s 9(3), I find that it is more probable than not
that a charity registered as an Institution of Public Character will provide
proof of a donation in compliance with the requirement in s 9(3).

27 Second, Ms Chuah’s submission is inconsistent with the documentary evidence
in the form of an email sent by the claimant to the defendant’s then-
solicitors dated 16 February 2023, where the claimant implied that the
Acknowledgment Letter was not a receipt within the meaning of cl 2(c) read
with cl 2(d) of the Settlement Agreement: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st Affidavit of Ho Chee Kian dated 12 May 2023 at pp 55–56.

…

5\. Under Clause 2(c) of the Settlement Agreement, the parties’ obligation to
exchange documentary evidence of their respective donations arises upon
receipt of your client’s written confirmation of his matching donation to a
charity.

6\. The request in Paragraph 3 of your letter for “Official Receipt” and “any
other Official formal documents” is a request for the “documentary evidence”
within the meaning of Clause 2(c).

7\. Until I receive written confirmation of your client’s matching donation to
a charity under Clause 2(b) of the Settlement Agreement, your request is
premature.

8\. For the avoidance of doubt, I and [sic] and remain ready, willing and able
to provide the documentary evidence under Clause 2(c) of the Settlement
Agreement upon receipt of your client’s written confirmation of his matching
donation to a charity under Clause 2(b).

…

28 Despite my findings above in relation to the nature of the Acknowledgement
Letter, it remains that the issue of whether the Acknowledgment Letter amounts
to a receipt pursuant to cl 2(c) read with cl 2(d) of the Settlement Agreement
is not material to my determination of the present application. This is
because the defendant does not argue that the claimant breached his obligation
under cl 2(c). The defendant only goes as far as to argue that the claimant’s
failure to provide a receipt prevents him from verifying the claimant’s
donation. But as I have mentioned above, the defendant has himself not
satisfied his obligation under cl 2(b), failing which the claimant’s and HCS’s
dependent obligations to provide a receipt under cl 2(c) will not arise.
Therefore, regardless of whether the Acknowledgment Letter amounts to a
receipt, I am satisfied that the plaintiff has shown a prima facie case that
the defendant has failed to satisfy his obligation under cl 2(b) of the
Settlement Agreement.

29 For completeness, based on a contextual interpretation of the Settlement
Agreement, I summarise how the methodology prescribed in cll 2(a)–2(d) is to
work:

(a) First, pursuant to cl 2(a), the claimant and HCS must, within 14 days of
receiving their respective shares of the Estate, inform the defendant in
writing the name of the charity that they wish to donate to, and the
corresponding amount.

(b) Second, under cl 2(b), the claimant and HCS must provide the written
confirmation referred to in cl 2(a) and the written confirmation that they
have donated the corresponding amount to their chosen charity. Therefore, in
order for the defendant’s obligation under cl 2(b) to arise, the claimant and
HCS must not only indicate their intent to donate, but they must also confirm
that they have actually made the said donation. Once the defendant receives
this written confirmation, the defendant becomes obliged, under cl 2(b), to
confirm in writing within 14 days that he has made a matching donation to a
charity of his choice. This clearly contemplates the defendant to have
actually made such a donation.

(c) Third, after the claimant and HCS receive the written confirmation from
the defendant referred to in cl 2(b), all of the relevant parties (ie, the
claimant, the defendant, and HCS) must, under cl 2(c), exchange documentary
evidence of their respective donations within 28 days. In this regard, cl 2(d)
provides that the said “documentary evidence” must be “by way of receipt from
the said charity”. Clause 2(d) also clarifies that each party is “at liberty
to donate to a charity of their choice provided the charity is registered as
an IPC (Institute of a Public Character)”. In other words, all of the relevant
parties can each donate to a different charity of their choice.

30 I also make one further observation about this methodology. It appears that
there is some risk that a party can provide a “written confirmation” of having
made a donation without having done so. There is such a risk because the
methodology laid out only obliges the parties to exchange documentary evidence
of their respective donations after they have previously sent the written
confirmations of the said donations to each other. It is therefore conceivable
that a party could send a “written confirmation” without having actually made
a donation and cause the other party to make a donation in reliance on the
false confirmation. With that being said, the innocent party can sue the
wrongful party for breach of contract if the latter is eventually unable to
provide documentary evidence of a donation.

31 Moreover, while this may not be the best way to structure the parties’
obligations vis-à-vis each other, a court cannot go behind the parties’
intention and rewrite the contract for them under the guise of interpretation.
Indeed, on the present facts, this very risk is aptly provided for by the
Settlement Agreement and a court should not go behind the parties’ clearly
expressed intentions, even if there is a better way of structuring the
arrangement (see the Court of Appeal decision of Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v
Soup Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway
Point) Pte Ltd) [2015] 5 SLR 1187 (at [32])). In any event, this risk has not
materialised here because the defendant has failed to perform his obligation
in cl 2(b) and accordingly, the parties’ obligations to exchange documentary
evidence in cl 2(c) did not arise. While the defendant claims he cannot
conclusively verify from the Acknowledgment Letter whether the claimant and
HCS really made their donations from this Letter, I do not find this claim
reasonable. Indeed, unless the defendant is alleging that SCMI is lying in the
Letter (which the defendant does not allege), the Letter is as good as a
receipt from SCMI. I do acknowledge that the Acknowledgment Letter cannot
satisfy cl 2(c) read with cl 2(d), even if it has the same substantive effect.
However, as I have mentioned above, the claimant’s and HCS’s obligations in cl
2(c) did not even arise.

32 For all these reasons, I find that the claimant has shown a prima facie
case against the defendant for breaching cl 2(b) of the Settlement Agreement.
Given that Ms Chuah has confirmed that the claimant will withdraw his prayer
for a declaration that the defendant is in breach of cl 2(c), I do not need to
make a finding in this regard.

The defendant has not raised any bona fide defences

33 Having found that the claimant has proved a prima facie case against the
defendant for breach of cl 2(b) of the Settlement Agreement, I turn now to
consider whether the defendant has raised any bona fide defences. For the
reasons that follow, I find that the defendant has not raised any bona fide
defences.

The defendant is obliged by the Settlement Agreement to make a donation

(1) The defendant’s obligation under cl 2(b) arose after the claimant and HCS
submitted written confirmation of their donations

34 The defendant’s first defence is that his obligation under cl 2(b) of the
Settlement Agreement does not arise because the claimant and HCS have not
provided “conclusive contemporaneous proof in the form of official receipts”.
For the reasons I have explained above, I do not think that this is a
plausible defence. As I have said, the defendant’s obligation to make a
matching donation under cl 2(b) arises as soon as he receives the written
confirmation from the claimant and HCS mentioned in cl 2(a). This obligation
is not dependent on the claimant and HCS’s provision of an official receipt;
that obligation for the parties to exchange documentary evidence in the form
of an official receipt arises only after the defendant has provided his
written confirmation that he has made the donation pursuant to cl 2(b).

(2) The defendant’s obligation to make a donation is plainly not at his
absolute discretion

35 The defendant’s next defence is that there is no binding contractual
obligation in the Settlement Agreement that he must donate to a charity. In
this regard, the defendant submits that the donations made by the claimant and
HCS are purely voluntary. As such, the defendant also has the absolute
discretion to determine if he wishes to make a donation under cl 2(b) of the
Settlement Agreement. In my view, this defence is a non-starter for several
reasons.

36 First, the opening words of cl 2 are clear. They provide that the “Parties
agree to make donations to charity as follows” [emphasis added]. This imposes
a clear contractual obligation on the claimant, the defendant, and HCS to make
donations in the manner prescribed in the sub-clauses of cl 2.

37 Second, cll 2(a) and 2(b) use the mandatory word “shall” to describe the
parties’ obligations to make a donation. Thus, cl 2(a) provides that the
claimant and HCS shall, in effect, provide the written confirmation of their
intent to donate, as well as the particulars of such, to the defendant within
14 days of receiving their shares of the Estate. Similarly, cl 2(b) provides
that the defendant shall, in effect, provide the written confirmation that he
has already made a matching donation within 14 days of receiving the former
confirmation from the claimant and HCS. I do not see how the defendant can
plausibly argue that his obligation to donate is somehow at his absolute
discretion. If at all, the defendant can argue that his obligation to donate
under cl 2(b) is dependent on the claimant and HCS fulfilling their
obligations under cl 2(a). In that sense, it is possible that the defendant
need not make a donation if the claimant and HCS do not fulfil their
obligations under cl 2(a). But that is not the case here. Given that the
claimant and HCS have fulfilled their obligations under cl 2(a), the defendant
became obliged to make the donation under cl 2(b).

38 Third, and more broadly, there is simply no indication in the Settlement
Agreement whatsoever, nor has the defendant explained otherwise, that the
defendant’s obligation to make a donation is in his absolute discretion.

39 Accordingly, I dismiss the defendant’s defences that relate, in effect, to
the contractual interpretation of the Settlement Agreement. I therefore find
that the defendant is clearly obliged to make a donation pursuant to cl 2(b)
of the Settlement Agreement. Unless the defendant can raise other defences to
negate this obligation, the claimant will be entitled to summary judgment.

The defendant’s obligation to make a donation is not absolved by the
claimant’s alleged breach of the Settlement Agreement

40 The defendant attempts to escape from his obligation to make a donation
under cl 2(b) of the Settlement Agreement by arguing that the claimant had
breached cl 5 of the Settlement Agreement first by commencing OSP 10. As such,
the defendant submits that the claimant is “thereby not entitled to and/or
estopped from relying on the terms of the Settlement Agreement in order to
commence the Suit”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DWS at para 51(b)(i).

The defendant further argues that the Settlement Agreement was “terminated by
virtue of the Claimant’s repudiatory breach and thus the Defendant no longer
has any contractual obligations to the Claimant under the Settlement
Agreement”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DWS at para 51(b)(i).

The defendant finally submits that the claimant “has not provided adequate
contemporaneous proof or basis that the Settlement Agreement has not been
repudiated by the Claimant”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DWS at para 51(b)(i).

(1) The claimant did not breach the Settlement Agreement by commencing OSP 10

41 In my view, the defendant’s defence founded on the claimant’s alleged
breach of cl 5 of the Settlement Agreement is plainly unsustainable. In this
regard, cl 5 provides as follows: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

1st Affidavit of Ho Chee Kian dated 12 May 2023 at p 21.

This Settlement Agreement shall be in full and final settlement of any and of
all actions claims that the Parties have or may have against the other arising
out of and/or in connection with the Estate.

42 The claimant did not breach cl 5 by commencing OSP 10 because the clause
does not expressly or impliedly prohibit the claimant from bringing other
matters in relation to the Estate, nor does it spell out the consequences for
doing so. Moreover, as the claimant rightly points out, the claimant brought
OSP 10 against the defendant in the latter’s capacity as the administrator of
the Estate. In contrast, the claimant and the defendant entered into the
Settlement Agreement in their personal capacities, against the context where
the parties were disputing whether the defendant could be the sole
administrator of the Estate. Accordingly, I do not think the parties intended
for cl 5 to prevent them from filing any action against the administrator of
the Estate in his distribution of its assets. Given the absence of any express
provision of an intention to the contrary, it surely could not have been the
parties’ intention to shy away from any further proceedings against an errant
administrator who, for instance, siphons the assets for his own benefit.

43 Accordingly, I do not think that the claimant breached cl 5 when he
commenced OSP 10.

(2) Even if the claimant breached the Settlement Agreement by commencing OSP
10, the defendant did not accept this breach

44 In any event, even if the claimant had breached cl 5 of the Settlement
Agreement by commencing OSP 10, I find that the defendant did not accept this
breach, with the result that the Settlement Agreement continued afoot, along
with the parties’ obligations within.

(A) The applicable law in relation to discharge of a contract by breach

45 In this regard, it is helpful to set out the applicable law in relation to
discharge of a contract by breach, which have been largely laid out in the
important and seminal Court of Appeal decision of RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato
Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and another appeal [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 (“RDC Concrete”).

46 First, the parties have used several terms to describe the breach in
question, such as “repudiatory breach” and “renunciation”. The seemingly
interchangeable nature of these two terms is best reflected in the Court of
Appeal decision of San International Pte Ltd (formerly known as San Ho Huat
Construction Pte Ltd) v Keppel Engineering Pte Ltd [1998] 3 SLR(R) 447 (at
[20]), where the court stated that the “law on repudiatory breach or
renunciation can be summarised as follows” (see also the Court of Appeal
decision of iVenture Card Ltd and others v Big Bus Singapore City Sightseeing
Pte Ltd and others [2022] 1 SLR 302 (“iVenture”) at [64]–[65]). Indeed, the
court has on various occasions used different terminology to describe the
discharge of a contract by breach:

(a) The expression “repudiatory breach” was used in the Court of Appeal
decisions of Brown Noel Trading Pte Ltd v Donald & McArthy Pte Ltd [1996] 3
SLR(R) 760 (at [25]), Miller Freeman Exhibitions Pte Ltd v Singapore
Industrial Automation Association and another [2000] 3 SLR(R) 177 (at [30]),
Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 857
(at [103]), and Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others v Yeo Boong Hua and
others and another appeal and other matters [2017] 2 SLR 12 (at [127],
[149]–[156], and [174]–[176]). A related expression “repudiatory conduct” was
used in the Court of Appeal decision of Denka Advantech Pte Ltd and another v
Seraya Energy Pte Ltd and another and other appeals [2021] 1 SLR 631 (at
[215]–[230]).

(b) The expression “renunciation” was used in the Court of Appeal decisions of
RDC Concrete (at [93]–[94], [96], and [113]), Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd
(formerly known as E D & F Man International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan
David [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 (at [155]), Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd v
Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 857 (at [59]) and Biofuel Industries Pte
Ltd v V8 Environmental Pte Ltd and another appeal [2018] 2 SLR 199 (at [20]).

(c) The expression “rescission” was used in the High Court decision of OCBC
Securities Pte Ltd v Phang Yul Cher Yeow and another action [1997] 3 SLR(R)
906 (at [79]) to refer to the consequence of a breach, as opposed to the
unwinding of the contract due to, for instance, misrepresentation.

47 In my respectful view, while the use of the different terminology is not
wrong as they each convey the same basic idea, it is helpful for the law to
use a consistent set of terminology in this already complex area of law. In
this regard, Professor J W Carter, who is widely regarded as the foremost
expert on the topic, put it well in his seminal text when he said that “the
terminology employed to describe and apply the concepts of breach of contract
is far from uniform” (see J W Carter, Carter’s Breach of Contract (LexisNexis
Butterworths, 3rd Ed, 2011) (“Carter”) at para 3-34). While no less a figure
than Lord Wilberforce has lamented that to ask for uniformity in this area is
to “cry for the moon” (see the House of Lords decision of Photo Production Ltd
v Securicor Transport Ltd [1980] 1 AC 827 (“Photo Production”) at 844), there
is no reason to aim for a moon-shot. At the very least, if the terminology
used in Singapore can conduce towards uniformity, then that is better than the
widely varied terminology that is presently bandied around. To that extent, I
would suggest the following points:

(a) The expression “repudiatory breach”, which is a commonly used generic
description of all those situations in which the common law confers a right to
terminate, could be avoided (see Carter at para 3-35). More specifically, the
expression “repudiatory breach” may be inaccurate in so far as it is used to
describe all the situations in which a party has a right to terminate for
breach. This is because the word “repudiation” is more appropriately used to
describe a promisor’s refusal to perform the contract. It is therefore
inaccurate to describe a breach of condition (or of an intermediate term
giving rise to sufficiently serious consequences) as “repudiatory” or a
“repudiation” unless it involves a refusal to perform (see Carter at para
3-36). Indeed, a refusal to perform a contract will not necessarily amount to
a repudiation, and much depends on all the facts and circumstances of the
case, including whether a reasonable person can conclude that the party
concerned no longer intends to be bound by the contract (see iVenture at
[65]). Moreover, the expression “repudiatory breach” describes a conclusion
that a breach is of the requisite characteristic (ie, either breach of a
condition or a breach of an intermediate term giving rise to sufficiently
serious consequences) so as to confer the right to terminate the performance
of the contract. Thus, in so far as the expression is used to describe a
breach that may give rise to such a right before the requisite analysis is
undertaken, it may not be accurate. It is more accurate to state that the
breaching party has committed a breach, and then undertake the analysis as to
whether that breach gives the innocent party the right to terminate the
performance of the contract.

(b) The expression “repudiation” should describe only a repudiation of
obligation, that is, a clear absence of readiness or willingness to perform,
which satisfies the requirement of seriousness (see Carter at para 7-03). This
will reduce the concept of repudiation as being an “elusive” one (see the
Ninth Circuit of the US Court of Appeal decision in Riess v Murchison, 384
F.2d 727 at 733 (CA, 9th Cir, 1967)) due to the variety of inconsistent ways
the word has been used (see the House of Lords decision of Heyman and another
v Darwins, Limited [1942] 1 AC 356 (“Heyman”) at 378). In particular, the word
“repudiation” should not be used to describe a termination of the performance
of a contract. So far as possible, an innocent party who terminates a contract
ought not to be said to have “repudiated” it (see, eg, Bettini v Gye (1876) 1
QBD 183 at 187); rather, it is sufficient to simply say that the innocent
party has terminated the performance of the contract. Also, the word
“repudiation” should not be used to mean a breach of a contract which entitles
the innocent party to terminate the performance of the contract. This
particular usage is apt to confuse because “repudiation” refers to a subset of
conduct that may give rise to the right to terminate, that is, the absence of
readiness or willingness to perform, which will include a situation where
there may be no actual failure to perform.

(c) The expression “renunciation” is ambiguous and should not be used. In the
English Court of Appeal decision of Chilean Nitrate Sales Corp v Marine
Transportation Co Ltd (The Hermosa) [1982] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 570, Donaldson LJ
used the term “renunciatory” to “indicate conduct which, whether or not it
amounts to an actual breach of contract, foreshadows a breach which would have
this potentially dissolutive character” (at 572). The learned judge observed
that an alternative term used to describe this situation is “anticipatory”,
“since the effect is to allow the injured party to anticipate a breach and act
upon it before it occurs” (at 572). In my respectful view, if this is the
case, then the law should just stick to “anticipatory breach”, rather than use
the word “renunciation” (and its derivatives, such as “renounce”) to describe
the situation where there is conduct which allows the innocent party to
anticipate a breach.

(d) The expression “rescission” may lead to confusion with the rescission of a
contract ab initio and should not be used to describe the consequences related
to a breach (see Photo Production at 844). Unlike the rescission of a contract
ab initio, termination discharges the parties, and their rights are to be
analysed at the time of discharge (see Carter at para 3-40).

(e) Consequently, the basic contrast created by the use of a consistent set of
terminology is between: (i) termination for failure to perform, that is, the
breach of a contractual term; and (ii) termination for repudiation, which
crucially includes the situation where there is no failure to perform but
merely an absence of readiness or willingness to perform (see Carter at para
3-12).

48 Second, termination is never automatic; indeed, neither a breach of
contract nor a repudiation operates to terminate the performance of the
contract automatically (see RDC Concrete at [90] and Carter at para 10-01).
Instead, termination is always a matter of choice. Thus, while a breach of
contract or a repudiation can give rise to a right to terminate, the
consequent question is whether the innocent party has exercised that right to
terminate that is conferred by the breach or repudiation (see RDC Concrete at
[90]). Parenthetically, it may also be more accurate to speak of termination
as the exercise of a right to terminate the performance of a contract as
opposed to one to terminate the contract (see Carter at para 3-41). This is
because what is terminated is actually the parties’ duties to perform and be
ready and willing to perform. The contract is, strictly speaking, never
terminated. That said, the expression “termination of the contract” is a
convenient shorthand that is perhaps much too entrenched to change.

49 Third, where there is a breach or repudiation, and the innocent party is
entitled to elect to terminate the performance of the contract, that choice is
unfettered: he can either choose to continue with (or affirm) the contract
(and thus waive the breach), or he can choose to bring the contract to an end.
However, should the innocent party choose to terminate the performance of the
contract, what is required for an effective election are unequivocal words or
conduct evincing such an election (see the House of Lords decision of Vitol SA
v Norelf Ltd (The Santa Clara) [1996] AC 800 at 810–811). Although these
requirements are largely informal, the effect of such words or conduct must
make plain the decision to terminate the performance of the contract (see
Heyman at 361).

50 Fourth and finally, regardless of whether the innocent party is entitled to
elect to terminate the performance of the contract, he is always entitled to
claim damages as of right for the loss resulting from the breach of the
contract (see RDC Concrete at [114]). This is subject to legal constraints
such as the need to prove substantive damages, mitigation, remoteness of
damages, and limitation (see RDC Concrete at [114]).

(B) Even if the claimant breached the Settlement Agreement, the defendant did
not accept the claimant’s breach

51 Returning to the facts of the present application, even if I were to take
the defendant’s case at its highest and accept that that the claimant breached
cl 5 of the Settlement Agreement, I still do not think that the defendant has
raised a bona fide defence in this regard. I say this for the following
reasons.

52 First, the defendant appears to be operating under the misapprehension that
the claimant’s breach of cl 5, even if true, will terminate the contract
automatically. This much is clear from the defendant’s submissions to the
effect that “[t]he Settlement Agreement was terminated by virtue of the
Claimant’s repudiatory breach and thus the Defendant no longer has any
contractual obligations to the Claimant under the Settlement Agreement”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DWS at para 51(b)(i).

The defendant seems to take the view that when the claimant breached cl 5, the
breach automatically terminated the parties’ performance of the Settlement
Agreement, and hence the defendant no longer has to perform his obligations
within, especially that in cl 2(b). As I have explained above, this is plainly
wrong as a matter of law. Even if the claimant breached cl 5, that does not,
in and of itself, terminate the performance of the Settlement Agreement.

53 Second, and relatedly, the defendant does not explain why even if the
claimant breached cl 5 of the Settlement Agreement, that breach gives rise to
defendant’s right to terminate the performance of the Settlement Agreement. It
is trite law that not every breach of a term will give rise to the right to so
terminate. It is not necessary to go through all such situations that have
been comprehensively outlined in the seminal decision in this area of RDC
Concrete. It suffices to say that the defendant has not provided any
explanation whatsoever as to why the alleged breach of cl 5 will give rise to
the right to terminate. As such, the defendant’s defence founded on the
alleged breach of cl 5 also fails on this basis.

54 Third, even if I were to assume that the claimant’s alleged breach of cl 5
gives rise to the defendant’s right to terminate, the defendant has not
explained how the evidence shows that he had exercised that right to terminate
the performance of the Settlement Agreement, such that he is absolved from
performing the specific obligation to make a donation provided for in cl 2(b).
In this regard, as I have explained above, what is required for an effective
election are unequivocal words or conduct evincing such an election. The
defendant has not shown any evidence to this effect from 9 March 2022 onwards,
which is when the claimant commenced OSP 10. Indeed, when questioned, Mr Lee
conceded that the defendant’s pleadings contained no particulars regarding the
defendant accepting the claimant’s alleged breach. Therefore, although the
court can determine the legal consequences of a matter that was not argued by
a party, the court can only do so if the material facts are sufficiently
pleaded (see the High Court decision of Ho Choon Han v SCP Holdings Pte Ltd
[2022] SGHC 260 at [33]). However, the defendant has failed to plead any facts
in this regard.

55 For completeness, I note that the defendant’s disbursement of the assets of
the Estate to the claimant and HCS does not constitute an affirmation of the
Settlement Agreement, such that the defendant has waived his right to
terminate the performance of the Settlement Agreement. This is because the
disbursement was done in the defendant’s capacity as the administrator of the
Estate, instead of his personal capacity. While Ms Chuah argued that the
defendant’s asking for the official receipts from SCMI via letters dated 14
and 16 February 2023 constitutes an affirmation of the Settlement Agreement, I
do not need to decide this point because of the three reasons I have provided
above. I will simply say that a party may legitimately reserve its rights in
relation to a contract being breached but take steps to protect itself against
being in breach without it necessarily amounting to affirmation.

56 In totality, I therefore find that the defendant has not raised a bona fide
defence in relation to the claimant’s alleged breach of cl 5 of the Settlement
Agreement caused by the commencement of OSP 10.

The defendant’s argument that the claimant has suffered no loss is plainly
unsustainable

57 Finally, while the defendant does not appear to have pursued this point in
his written submissions, I will deal with his apparent allusion that the
claimant has suffered no loss arising from the defendant’s breach of the
Settlement Agreement. The defendant appears to suggest that because the
beneficiary of the donation would have been a third-party charity, the
claimant suffers no damage and therefore cannot claim for breach of contract.

58 In my view, this defence, even if it was really advanced, fails for two
simple reasons. First, it is trite law that a cause of action for breach of
contract is not dependent on there being any loss suffered from the breach.
While the fact of there being loss will affect the damages to be awarded, this
does not detract from the basic point that the claimant does not need to
demonstrate that he has suffered any loss in order to pursue (and succeed in)
a cause of action for breach of contract.

59 Second, and in any event, the Court of Appeal in Family Food Court (a firm)
v Seah Boon Lock and another (trading as Boon Lock Duck and Noodle House)
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 272 (at [51]) endorsed the so-called “broad ground” for the
recovery of damages as laid out in the House of Lords decision in Linden
Gardens Trust Ltd v Lenesta Sludge Disposals Ltd [1994] 1 AC 85 (see also the
Court of Appeal decision of Sun Electric Pte Ltd and another v Menrva
Solutions Pte Ltd and another [2019] SGCA 51 at [4]). By this “broad ground”,
the claimant can claim substantial damages arising from the loss of his
performance interest. As the High Court in Motor Insurers’ Bureau of Singapore
and another v AM General Insurance Bhd (formerly known as Kurnia Insurans
(Malaysia) Bhd) (Liew Voon Fah, third party) [2018] 4 SLR 882 (at [118])
acknowledged, the “broad ground” enables a claimant to sue for damages where
the loss of his performance interest cannot be framed in purely financial
terms, such as if his objective in contracting was not to make a profit but to
benefit other persons altruistically. This is precisely the situation in the
present application. It is therefore clear that the claimant can claim more
than just nominal damages even though the ultimately beneficiary may well be a
third-party charity.

60 Accordingly, I find that the defendant’s defence premised on the claimant
having suffered no damage, even if advanced, would fail.

Summary of the claimant’s relief

61 In summary, I find that the claimant has shown a prima facie case that the
defendant has breached cl 2(b) of the Settlement Agreement but the defendant
has not raised any bona fide defence against this. I therefore enter summary
judgment in favour of the claimant for damages arising from that breach.

62 However, I do not enter summary judgment for the defendant to, in effect,
specifically perform the Settlement Agreement. This is because it is trite law
that when damages are available, then a court should be slow to order specific
performance (see the High Court decision of Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor
and others [2006] SGHC 116 (at [9])). While an award of damages is a legal
remedy, an order of specific performance is an equitable remedy, where the
court must compel the defendant personally to do what he promised to do (see
the Court of Appeal decision of Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others
and another appeal [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 (“Lee Chee Wei (CA)”) (at [52])).
Therefore, the court will only exercise its discretion to grant specific
performance if it is just and equitable to do so, by considering factors such
as: (a) whether damages would be an adequate remedy; and (b) whether the
person against whom the relief of specific performance is being sought would
suffer substantial hardship (see Lee Chee Wei (CA) (at [53])).

63 In this regard, one common example where an award of damages is not an
adequate remedy is a contract relating to immovable property. The orthodox
position is that land is deemed to be unique and no substitute is adequate,
such that damages are considered inadequate even when the interest in question
is a mere commercial lease for a short term (see the Court of Appeal decision
of E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and others and
another appeal [2012] 1 SLR 32 (at [78])). In the present case, the claimant
has not sufficiently explained why I should exercise my discretion to grant
specific performance of the Settlement Agreement, wherein damages can be an
adequate remedy. I therefore do not enter summary judgment for the defendant
to specifically perform the Settlement Agreement.

64 I also do not enter summary judgment for damages in the sum of $308,038.34.
This is because the claimant’s claim for damages arising from the loss of his
performance interest may not be equated identically to the sum that the
defendant is to pay a charity. I order therefore that such damages are to be
assessed.

65 For completeness, I do not think that it is necessary to make a declaration
that the defendant is in breach of cl 2(b) of the Settlement Agreement. As
Professor Andrew Burrows notes, declaratory relief in the context of
contractual and tortious claims can be made and will primarily be to pronounce
on whether the defendant’s conduct amounted to a breach of contract or a tort,
as well as related issues (see Andrew Burrows, Remedies for Torts, Breach of
Contract, and Equitable Wrongs (OUP, 4th Ed, 2019) at p 506). However, there
have been few cases since where courts have granted declarations in the
context of contractual and tortious claims. I do not think that it is
necessary for me to do so in this case.

Conclusion

66 For all the reasons above, I enter summary judgment in favour of the
claimant and award the claimant damages to be assessed by the Registrar.

67 Unless the parties are able to agree, they are to tender their submissions
on the appropriate costs order within 14 days of this judgment, limited to
seven pages each.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Chuah Hui Fen Christine and Yao Qinzhe (D’ Bi An LLC) for the claimant;  
Luke Lee Wen Loong (Tan Lee & Partners) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 18 Jul 2023 (15:53 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

