Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 151

Originating Application No 844 of 2022  
Summons No 4486 of 2022  

Between

| Gulf International Holding Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Claimant

And

| Delta Offshore Energy Pte Ltd  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Companies — Receiver and manager — Judicial management order]

[Credit And Security — Remedies — Judicial management]

[Arbitration — Stay of court proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Gulf International Holding Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Delta Offshore Energy Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 151

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 844 of 2022,
Summons No 4486 of 2022, Registrar’s Appeal No 25 of 2023 and Summons No 57 of
2023  
Hri Kumar Nair J  
23 February, 16 March 2023

24 May 2023

Hri Kumar Nair J:

1 This dispute arises from the financing and development of a large power
plant project in Vietnam. A number of related applications were put before me:
(a) Gulf International Holding Pte Ltd’s (“Gulf International”) application to
place Delta Offshore Energy Pte Ltd (“Delta”) under judicial management; 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Gulf International’s application for an interim judicial management order was
fixed for hearing at the same time as its application for a judicial
management order and was therefore academic.

(b) Delta’s appeal against the learned assistant registrar’s (the “AR”)
dismissal of its application for a stay of the judicial management application
pursuant to the section 6 of the International Arbitration Act 1994 (the
“IAA”); and (c) Delta’s application for a dismissal or stay of the judicial
management application pursuant to section 91(7) of the Insolvency,
Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (the “IRDA”).

2 On 16 March 2023, I allowed the judicial management application and
dismissed Delta’s appeal and application for a stay or dismissal, giving brief
reasons. These are my grounds in full.

Facts

The parties

3 Gulf International is incorporated in Singapore and is a wholly owned
indirect subsidiary of Gulf Energy Development Public Company Limited (“Gulf
Development”), a company incorporated in Thailand. Gulf International and Gulf
Development are collectively the largest power producer in Thailand. Delta is
an investment holding company incorporated in Singapore.

Background to the dispute

4 In 2020, Gulf International entered talks with Mr Nguyen Ian Duc Thang and
Mr Quintos Roberto Mayo (the “Sponsors”) to develop a gas-to-power facility
(the “Power Plant”) in Bac Lieu Province, Vietnam (the “Project”). The
Sponsors were shareholder-directors of Delta (they collectively held 75% of
the paid-up share capital of Delta at the time). The Project falls under a new
governmental program for major infrastructure developments and was (and still
is) regarded as a high-profile, nationally important project to Vietnam; it is
furthermore part of a pilot for a new model of financing for power projects
and being used by the Vietnamese government to develop a policy on project
financing in the future. It is said to be critical to Vietnam’s energy
security and socio-economic development. The culmination of these discussions
were the following agreements:

(a) a Joint Development Agreement between (i) Gulf Development; (ii) Delta;
(iii) the Sponsors; and (iv) Unicorn Enterprise Pte Ltd, dated 17 June 2020,
and amended on 23 June 2020 and 28 November 2020 (the “JDA”);

(b) a Convertible Loan Agreement between (i) Gulf International; (ii) Delta;
and (iii) the Sponsors, dated 28 November 2020 (the “CLA”); and

(c) a Deed of Security over Shares between (i) Gulf International; and (ii)
the Sponsors dated 28 November 2020 (the “Deed”).

5 Under the JDA, Gulf Development, Delta and the Sponsors agreed that Delta
would incorporate a company in Vietnam which would be responsible for
developing and implementing the Project. Delta accordingly incorporated Bac
Lieu LNG Power Company Limited (“BLLP”) in Vietnam on 11 June 2021.

6 Under the CLA, Gulf International agreed to disburse loans to Delta in four
tranches upon the achievement of certain milestones of the Project (the
“Loans”). These were to be applied towards the financing, development,
construction, operation and maintenance of the Project. Gulf International
disbursed loans in three tranches totalling US$10m – comprising Tranches A, B
and C – to Delta (the “Disbursed Loans”).

7 The Loans were secured by a share charge provided for in the Deed (the
“Share Charge”). Under clause 2.2 of the Deed, the Loans were secured over,
inter alia, 75% of the shares in Delta (the “Charged Shares”), ie, the three
out of the four issued shares in Delta which were held by the Sponsors.

8 Under clause 4.1 of the CLA, each tranche of the Disbursed Loans was due for
repayment 12 months after it was disbursed:

4.1 Repayment

Subject to Clause 4.4 (Set-off against Subscription Price), the Borrower shall
repay the Outstanding Amount in full within the earlier of:

(a) five (5) Business Days after the Completion Date; and

(b) the date falling twelve (12) months after the Utilisation Date of the
relevant Loan(s) under this Agreement.

On Delta’s request, Gulf International extended the repayment dates for two of
the three tranches of the Disbursed Loans (a) on 17 November 2021 in respect
of Tranche A; and (b) on 3 February 2022 in respect of Tranches A and B (Gulf
International denied Delta’s request on 5 April 2022 for a further extension
on all three tranches of the Disbursed Loans). Accordingly, the repayment date
for the Disbursed Loans was 7 April 2022. However, Delta did not repay any
part of the Disbursed Loans by 7 April 2022 or thereafter.

9 On 8 April 2022, Gulf International declared an event of default under
clause 5.1(b)(i) of the CLA.

Procedural history

10 On 13 December 2022, Gulf International filed an application asking that
(a) Delta be placed under judicial management; and (b) Mr Patrick Bance (“Mr
Bance”) and Mr Jason Aleksander Kardachi (“Mr Kardachi”) of Kroll Pte Ltd be
appointed as judicial managers of Delta (case no.: HC/OA 844/2022) (the “JM
Application”).

11 Three days later, Gulf International filed a summons asking that (a) Delta
be placed under interim judicial management; and (b) Mr Bance and Mr Kardachi
be appointed as interim judicial managers of Delta (case no.: HC/SUM
4486/2022) (the “IJM Application”).

12 On 4 January 2023, Delta applied for all proceedings in relation to the JM
Application, including the IJM Application, to be dismissed or stayed pursuant
to s 91(7) IRDA, or, alternatively, pursuant to s 6 IAA.

13 On 6 January 2023, Delta amended its application and asked for all
proceedings in relation to the JM Application, including the IJM Application,
to be stayed only pursuant to s 6 IAA (case no.: HC/SUM 24/2023) (the “IAA
Stay Summons”).

14 Delta then filed a fresh summons for all proceedings in relation to the JM
Application, including the IJM Application, to be dismissed or stayed pursuant
to s 91(7) IRDA (case no.: HC/SUM 57/2023) (the “IRDA Summons”). The IAA Stay
Summons and the IRDA Summons were made on a common basis, namely, that the
debt allegedly owed by Delta to Gulf International was disputed and subject to
an arbitration agreement under the CLA, and the court should therefore stay or
dismiss the JM Application.

15 On 30 January 2023, the AR dismissed the IAA Stay Summons on the basis that
there had been a clear and unequivocal admission of the debt by Delta through
its multiple requests for extensions of time for the repayment of the
Disbursed Loans, and there was therefore no dispute to be submitted to
arbitration; accordingly, there was no reason for a stay of proceedings to be
granted. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Certified Transcript (30 January 2023) in respect of HC/SUM 24/2023.

Delta filed a notice of appeal against the decision (case no.: HC/RA 25/2023)
(the “RA”).

16 On 8 February 2023, Delta commenced arbitration proceedings against Gulf
International and Gulf Development. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Unsworn affidavit of Edward John McCartin III filed on 8 February 2023 (“EJM’s
2nd Affidavit”) at para 42 and Tab EJM-17 (notice of arbitration).

It sought, inter alia, the following reliefs:

(a) a declaration that Gulf Development had breached the JDA;

(b) a declaration that Gulf International was not allowed to declare a default
under the CLA or claim that the Disbursed Loans are due and owing; and

(c) damages for breach of the JDA in an amount to be assessed.

17 The parties each filed several sets of written submissions: (a) the first
set in respect of the JM Application and the IJM Application (“Written
Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications”); and (b) the second set in
respect of the RA (“Written Submissions for the RA”). After the hearing on 23
February 2023, the parties filed (c) further written submissions on:

(i) whether the principle set out in Salford Estates (No 2) Ltd v Altomart Ltd
(No 2) [2015] Ch 589 (“Salford”) (the “Salford principle”), which was adopted
and endorsed in AnAn Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock
Company) [2020] 1 SLR 1158 (“AnAn”), should be applied in the context of a
judicial management application; and

(ii) the contents of a further unsworn affidavit of Mr Ian Duc Thang Nguyen,
filed on 2 March 2023 (“IDTN’s Affidavit”) pursuant to my direction at the
hearing on 23 February 2023, setting out Delta’s updated financial position
and its plans for completing the Project (“Further Written Submissions”).

The RA and the IRDA Summons

Issues to be determined

18 The main dispute between the parties concerned whether Delta should be
placed in judicial management. Delta disputed that it owed a debt to Gulf
International, and on that basis sought a stay or dismissal of proceedings for
that issue to first be arbitrated. Delta also argued that the JM Application
should be dismissed because there was no debt due and owing to Gulf
International and insufficient evidence had been adduced by Gulf International
to prove that Delta was either unable or likely to become unable to pay its
debts.

19 Whether the JM and IJM Applications should be stayed turns on whether (a)
there was a genuine dispute between the parties referable to arbitration; and
(b) the IAA Stay Summons amounted to an abuse of process. This is the subject
matter of both the RA and the IRDA Summons. The main areas of contention
between the parties were:

(a) whether Delta had admitted its debt to Gulf International;

(b) whether the Disbursed Loans were not repayable because the repayment
deadlines were flexible;

(c) whether the Disbursed Loans were not repayable because the Loans would be
converted into equity and the amount repayable would be set-off against the
share premium to be paid by Gulf Development under the JDA on a future date;

(d) whether Gulf International and Gulf Development’s (alleged) breaches of
the JDA disentitled Gulf International from declaring a default under the CLA
or claim the Disbursed Loans were due;

(e) whether Delta’s obligations under the CLA were independent of the JDA and
unaffected by breaches thereof; and

(f) whether Delta was in breach of its obligations in the Deed and the CLA.

The parties’ cases

Delta’s case

20 Delta argued that (a) there was a valid arbitration agreement between the
parties; and (b) there was a dispute referable to arbitration.

21 The arbitration clauses Delta relied on are reproduced below. Delta argued
that the express wording of these clauses reflects that Gulf International and
Delta had intended for arbitration to be the mechanism for disputes arising
out of or in connection with the CLA. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 29.

Furthermore, Gulf International did not challenge the validity of the CLA or
the validity or scope of the arbitration agreement in the CLA. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 29.

14.2 Management Discussions

Parties shall first attempt to resolve any dispute, controversy or claim
arising in any way out of or in connection with this Agreement including:

(a) any contractual, pre-contractual or non-contractual rights, obligations or
liabilities; and

(b) any issue as to the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement,

(a “Dispute”) by discussions amongst representatives from both the Lender [ie,
Gulf International] and the Borrower [ie, Delta].

14.3 Arbitration

(a) Any Dispute not resolved in accordance with Clause 14.2 (Management
Discussions) within fifteen (15) days after the commencement of discussions
shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with
the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (the
“Rules”) for the time being in force, which Rules are deemed to be
incorporated by reference in this Clause 14.3 (Arbitration). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Boonchai Thirati dated 9 December 2022 (“BT’s 1st Affidavit”) at
Tab BT-4 (the CLA).

22 Delta argued that whether the Disbursed Loans were due and payable, and
whether Delta was in breach of the Deed and the CLA, were disputes that fall
within the ambit of clause 14 of the CLA. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 33.

Delta highlighted the following: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at para 24.

(a) Gulf International and Gulf Development’s refusal to contribute their
technical expertise prohibited milestones in the Project from being achieved,
which in turn meant that the Loans were not fully disbursed and the Project
could not succeed on account of the lack of funding. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at para 18.

Their refusal to contribute technical expertise also amounted to a breach of
the JDA, which disentitled them from declaring a default under the CLA or
claiming that the Disbursed Loans were due and owing. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at paras 19(a) and
(b).

(b) There was no debt due and payable to Gulf International because the
agreement between the parties envisaged that the Loans would be converted into
equity such that “Gulf Development/Gulf [International]” would be a 50%
shareholder in the Project. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at para 19(c);
Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 51 and 52.

This is because the CLA must be read together with the JDA, which provided
that Gulf Development would purchase shares in Delta through the conversion of
the Loans into equity. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 44, 48–50.

(c) The extensions of time sought for the repayment of the Disbursed Loans
were made with a view to continue the development of the Projects and eventual
conversion of the Loans into equity. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at para 20, third
row.

Delta had therefore not made clear and unequivocal admissions to both its
liability for and quantum of debt, comprising the Disbursed Loans and interest
thereon. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at para 22(a).

Delta also argued that its multiple requests for extensions of time were not
clear and unequivocal admissions of debt since they were subject to caveats,
including (i) that they were made on the basis that the parties would continue
the development of the Project and work towards and investment by Gulf
International in Delta; 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 38 and 39.

and (ii) “Conversion and any other termination provisions provided for under
the CLA”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 40 and 41.

(d) Delta raised numerous other factual disputes concerning the Disbursed
Loans, including the fungibility of repayment dates, whether they fell due or
would be converted into equity and who would bear responsibility for Delta’s
inability to repay the Disbursed Loans, and argued that these should be dealt
with via arbitration. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 51 and 52.

23 Delta also argued that there were other disputes underpinning the JM
Application which were referable to arbitration. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 55 and 56.

These concerned Delta’s purported breaches of the Deed and the CLA by:

(a) diluting Gulf International’s security over the Charged Shares by
increasing Delta’s share capital from four shares to 5,396,169 shares (the
“Share Issuance”); 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 53.

(b) failing to inform Gulf International and Gulf Development of the Share
Issuance; 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 54(a).

(c) procuring the Share Issuance without satisfying the necessary
preconditions; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 54(b).

and

(d) failing to ensure that Newco (which, according to clause 1.1 of the CLA,
is defined as a company to be incorporated in Singapore and to be the sole
shareholder of Holdco, which is another company to be incorporated in
Singapore as the sole shareholder of Delta) acceded to the CLA within three
business days after its incorporation. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 54(c).

24 In the circumstances, Delta argued that, applying the Salford principle,
the disputes should first be arbitrated, and the court ought to stay or
dismiss the JM Application and the IJM Application. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Delta’s Written Submissions for the JM and IJM Applications at para 16.

Gulf International’s case

25 Gulf International argued that (a) there was no dispute referable to
arbitration; (b) Delta’s application amounted to an abuse of process; and (c)
in any event, as Gulf International was a contingent creditor of Delta and
Delta did not dispute that the Disbursed Loans ultimately should be repaid to
Gulf International, Gulf International was thereby entitled to make the JM
Application. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 69–74.

26 Gulf International argued that there was no dispute referable to
arbitration for the following reasons:

(a) The Disbursed Loans were indisputably due from Delta to Gulf
International, and Delta had unequivocally admitted its liability to repay the
same.

(b) The arbitration clause in the JDA was not relevant to the IAA Stay Summons
and the RA since Gulf International was not a party to the JDA – only Gulf
Development was. The only applicable arbitration agreement between Gulf
International and Delta pertaining to the Disbursed Loans was clause 14.3 of
the CLA. The CLA deals with a specific aspect of the JDA, namely the provision
of the Loans. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 15 and 16.

However, substantially all of the arguments relied on by Delta to dispute its
obligation to repay the Disbursed Loans relate to issues governed by the JDA,
26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 45.

and Delta cannot rely on a cross-claim under a different contract to restrict
Gulf International’s exercise of its rights under the CLA. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 48–51.

(c) There was no dispute between the parties on account of the fact that the
parties’ objective intention ascertained from the CLA was for the Disbursed
Loans to be repaid by Delta, the only exception being, under clause 4.4 of the
CLA, if Gulf International elects at its sole discretion to exercise its right
to set-off the outstanding amount of the Disbursed Loans against the sums
payable for the subscription of shares (which would follow from a share
subscription agreement entered into between Gulf International and Holdco
after the CLA), 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-4 (the CLA) / p 121.

which was not the case here. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 20–23.

Gulf International was also not under an obligation to convert the Loans to
equity in Delta. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 27–29.

27 Gulf International submitted that Delta’s applications for a stay (or
dismissal) amounted to an abuse of process for the following reasons:

(a) Delta had been aware of, and admitted, its obligation to repay the
Disbursed Loans but suddenly changed its position and claimed that there was
no debt due and owing to Gulf International. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 53 and 58.

(b) Gulf International’s alleged breaches of the JDA occurred even before
Delta’s first request for an extension of time. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 59.

(c) Delta sought, by the Share Issuance and since then, to deprive Gulf
International of its security, delay repayment of the Disbursed Loans and
extract more capital from Gulf International. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 60, 61 and 63.

(d) Delta attempted to rewrite the parties’ bargain by demanding that any
exercise of remedies under the Share Charge be subject to arbitration when the
Deed provides for disputes to be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the Singapore courts. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 62.

(e) Delta sought a stay for the ulterior motive of frustrating Gulf
International’s exercise of its legitimate rights as Delta’s creditors to
recover sums due to it. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 68.

28 The arguments raised by Delta engage the principles laid down in Salford
and Anan. These cases establish that where a creditor brings a winding up
application premised on a disputed debt, which dispute is governed by an
arbitration agreement, the court should, save in wholly exceptional
circumstances, stay or dismiss the winding up application (Salford at [39] and
[40]; Anan at [30]). An exception to this is where the said dispute is raised
by the debtor in abuse of the court’s process (Salford at [33]; Anan at [56]
and [91]), for example, where the debt was previously admitted (Anan at
[99(a)]).

29 Accordingly, I consider below (a) whether Delta admitted the debt owed to
Gulf International; and (b) whether Delta’s IAA Stay Summons and IRDA Summons
amount to an abuse of process. There is a precedent question of the
applicability of the Salford principle to the facts, given that both Salford
and Anan dealt with winding up and not judicial management applications (the
“Applicability Question”). I shall nonetheless deal with this later, given my
findings below that there was no disputed debt and that Delta acted in abuse
of process.

Whether Delta admitted the debt

30 I find that by seeking, and obtaining, the various extensions of time to
repay the Disbursed Loans, Delta unequivocally acknowledged and admitted that
it owed Gulf International the principal sum of US$10m and interest accrued
thereon under the terms of the CLA. Its arguments denying its indebtedness to
Gulf International constituted a change in position that amounted to an abuse
of process.

31 I set out relevant sections of Delta’s requests for extensions of time
below:

(a) First request for extension of time to repay the Tranche A loan:

The Parties are continuing the development of the Project under the Agreements
and working toward an investment by [Gulf International] in [Delta], as
contemplated by the Agreements. [Delta] desires to extend the time for
repayment of the Tranche A Loan due on 28 November 2021 for one (1) year until
28 November 2022 (subject to Conversion and any other termination provisions
provided for under the CLA) and to set forth their agreement as to same
herein. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-10 (letters requesting and granting extensions) /
pp 220 and 221.

(b) Second request for extension of time to repay the Tranche A and Tranche B
loans:

The Parties are continuing the development of the Project under the Agreements
and working toward an investment by the Lender in the Borrower, as
contemplated by the Agreements. The Borrower desires to:

(1) Extend the time for repayment of the Tranche A Loan under the CLA with the
principal amount of USD 2,500,000 due until 07 April 2022 and;

(2) Extend the time for repayment of the Tranche B Loan under the CLA with the
principal amount of USD 2,500,000 due until 07 April 2022[.] 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-11 (letters requesting and granting extensions) /
p 227.

(c) Third request for extension of time to repay the Disbursed Loans
(comprising of Tranches A, B and C):

The Parties are continuing the development of the Project under the Agreements
and working toward an investment by the Lender in the Borrower, as
contemplated by the Agreements. The Borrower desires to:

1\. Extend the time for repayment of the Tranche A Loan under the CLA with the
principal amount of USD 2,500,000 by 31 May 2022;

2\. Extend the time for repayment of the Tranche B Loan under the CLA with the
principal amount of USD 2,500,000 by 31 May 2022; and

3\. Extend the time for repayment of the Tranche C Loan under the CLA with the
principal amount of USD 5,000,000 due by 31 May 2022. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-12 (letters requesting and granting extensions) /
pp 236 and 237.

32 In other words, in each of the requests, Delta clearly and unequivocally
acknowledged that the various tranches were due to be repaid by a specified
date and was asking for more time to repay the same.

33 Delta argued that its statement that the parties were continuing the
development of the Project and working towards an investment by Gulf
International in Delta (which had been repeated in all three letters of
request for extension of time) amounted to a qualification to its liability to
repay the Disbursed Loans. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at paras 20 (third
row) and 22(a); Delta’s Written Submissions for the RA at paras 13, 14 and 38.

I disagree. That was not a qualification of its liability to repay, but
instead the rationale for asking for extensions of time to repay.

34 Furthermore, in seeking the extensions, Delta had not in any way reserved
its rights. In contrast, the parties had expressly agreed that Gulf
International had reserved its rights under the CLA, and that the extensions
had not constituted a waiver of its rights and remedies thereunder. I
highlight the following:

(a) Delta, when it requested the first extension, sought to “extend the time
for repayment of the Tranche A Loan… for one (1) year… (subject to Conversion
and any other termination provisions provided for under the CLA)…” [emphasis
added]. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-10 (letters requesting and granting extensions) /
p 221.

(b) Gulf International’s response to Delta’s first request stated that it
agreed to the extension “on the conditions that: … all the terms and
conditions set out in the CLA, including clause 2.3 (Interest), shall continue
to apply to the interest accrued on the Tranche A Loan in all respects…”
[emphasis added in bold italics]. It also “reserve[d] any right or remedy it
may have [had] now or subsequently [and its] letter [had] not constitute[d] a
waiver of any right or remedy”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-10 (letters requesting and granting extensions) /
pp 223 and 224.

(c) Gulf International also, in its response to Delta’s first request, asked
Delta to “confirm [Delta’s] understanding and acceptance of [Gulf
International’s] terms and conditions” by signing an “execution page” to its
response thereafter, which Delta did. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-10 (letters requesting and granting extensions) /
pp 224 and 225.

(d) In respect of the second extension, Gulf International’s response stated
that:

5\. Except as expressly consented to, waived or amended in this letter, the
CLA and the Tranche A Loan Repayment Extension Letter shall remain in full
force and effect.

6\. … [Gulf International] … reserves any right or remedy it may have now or
subsequently. This letter does not constitute a waiver of any right or remedy.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-11 (letters requesting and granting extensions) /
p 231.

35 I find therefore that there was an admission by Delta of the debt it owed
to Gulf International in respect of the Disbursed Loans and the interest
accrued thereon and thus, no disputed debt in this case.

Whether Delta’s conduct amounts to an abuse of the court’s process

Whether Delta’s change in position constituted an abuse of process

36 The Court of Appeal in AnAn recognized that a debtor may genuinely dispute
a debt which it had expressly and repeatedly admitted on previous occasions
and, notwithstanding that the debtor may appear bona fide in raising the
alleged dispute, the court ought, in the absence of a clear and convincing
reason for the change of position, to refuse a stay as it would amount to an
abuse of process – see AnAn at [94]. I therefore examine the reasons advanced
by Delta in support of its claim that it was not indebted to Gulf
International.

37 I find that Delta’s change in position in subsequently denying the debt was
an abuse of process.

38 In my judgment, Delta failed to show clear and convincing reasons for its
change of position. On the contrary, its arguments and conduct only
underscored its abuse of the court process.

39 First, while I accept that the CLA must be read and understood together
with the JDA, the interpretation Delta advanced with respect to its payment
obligations under the CLA – that repayment deadlines were flexible or fungible
– are plainly misconceived. Clause 2.7 (titled “Clause 8”) of the JDA (as
amended) states that Gulf Development was to provide Delta with funding of
US$15m in four separate tranches, on the fulfilment of various milestones of
the Project. More importantly, the JDA specifically provides as follows:

the additional terms on which the loans are advanced shall be further agreed
between Gulf [Development] and [Delta] and set out in the terms of the loan
agreement, including but not limited to: … the loan repayment shall be made
after twelve (12) months from the utilization date of each tranche… 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-3 (the JDA) / p 104.

[emphasis added]

40 It was Gulf International which furnished the Disbursed Loans by way of the
CLA, which was the operative document governing the terms of the Disbursed
Loans. The CLA provides specific repayment dates for each tranche, consistent
with the terms of the JDA (see [8] above). Clause 13.6 of the CLA states that
it may only be amended in writing by another document executed by the parties.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-4 (the CLA) / p 137.

It was not in dispute that no such amending document exists. There was
therefore no issue of the repayment being “flexible” or “fungible”, as Delta
contended.

41 Second, Delta argued that there was no obligation to repay the Disbursed
Loans as it would be set-off against the share premium to be paid by Gulf
Development for the acquisition of shares in Delta. This is also misconceived.
Clause 4.4 of the CLA provides that Gulf International “may elect to set-off”
the outstanding amount of the Disbursed Loans against the sums payable for the
subscription of shares in Delta. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-4 (the CLA) / pp 122 and 127.

The relevant sections of the CLA are reproduced below:

1.1 Definitions

…

“Shares” means any ordinary shares of [Delta] as at the date of this Agreement
and including any shares to be allotted, issued, transferred, redeemed or
repaid to any person who has an option or right of pre-emptive or conversion
or any rights to convert any loan into share of the [Delta] or to convert the
share into share capital of a different description (if any).

…

4.4 Set off against Subscription Price

The Lender may elect to set-off the Outstanding Amount against the sums
payable to the [Delta] for the subscription of Shares in accordance with the
Share Subscription Agreement.

[emphasis added in italics]

42 This is consistent with the JDA, which provides that:

If Closing [defined at clause 2.5 (titled “Clause 6”) of the JDA] occurs after
the advance of loan(s), Gulf [Development] shall have the right to offset the
total amount of the loan advanced together with interest… against the 2nd
Payment of Share Subscription Fee …” 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-3 (the JDA) / p 104.

[emphasis added]

43 There was therefore no obligation for Gulf International to set-off the
Disbursed Loans against the subscription price. Further, it was undisputed
that Closing had not even occurred at the time the demand for payment was
made. In the event, Gulf International exercised its right to demand repayment
of the Disbursed Loans when they were due (after the extensions had expired),
and the Disbursed Loans were therefore repayable.

44 Third, Delta’s claim that Gulf Development was in breach of the JDA was
irrelevant. Delta may be entitled to pursue its claims in damages against Gulf
Development in arbitration, but that did not relieve Delta of its liability to
repay the Disbursed Loans to Gulf International under the CLA. I note that
Delta did not specifically ask for damages against Gulf International in the
arbitration, but only a declaration that Gulf International was not allowed to
declare default under the CLA or claim that the Disbursed Loans were due and
owing. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

EJM’s 2nd Affidavit at para 42(b).

I further note that Delta’s claim for damages against Gulf Development was
unquantified. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

EJM’s 2nd Affidavit at para 42(c).

Significantly, Delta only commenced arbitration proceedings on 8 February
2023, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

EJM’s 2nd Affidavit at Tab EJM-17 (notice of arbitration).

after the JM Application had been filed, although Gulf International had
demanded the repayment of the Disbursed Loans as long ago as 8 April 2022. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at para 22.

I stress that I am not adjudicating or otherwise commenting on the claims that
are now the subject of arbitration, but am of the view that those claims did
not entitle Delta to deny its liability to immediately repay the Disbursed
Loans with interest.

45 The above is sufficient to decide the issue of abuse. However, as the Court
of Appeal highlighted at [99] of AnAn, abuse of the court’s process can
manifest itself in a multitude of scenarios. In this regard, Delta’s conduct
following Gulf International’s demand for immediate payment of the Disbursed
Loans on 8 April 2022 – in particular, the Share Issuance – was relevant to,
and aggravated, its abuse of process.

Whether the Share Issuance was an abuse of process

46 The Loans were secured by the Share Charge pursuant to clause 2.2 of the
Deed. The relevant definitions and clause 2.2 are reproduced below:

1.1 Definitions

…

"Charged Assets" means the Shares and the Related Assets;

…

"Related Assets" means:

(a) dividends, distributions, interest and other income payable in respect of
the Shares;

(b) allotments, rights, money or property of any kind whatsoever at any time
arising from the Shares by way of conversion, exchange, redemption, bonus,
preference, option, substitution or otherwise;

(c) stocks, shares and securities offered in addition to or substitution for
the Shares or otherwise; and

(d) all other rights, benefits and proceeds of any kind whatsoever at any time
in respect of or derived from the Shares;

"Secured Obligations" means all obligations owing to the Chargee (whether for
its own account or as trustee) by any Obligor under or pursuant to the
Transaction Documents, whether present or future, actual and contingent,
including in respect of any further advances made after the date of this
Agreement; and

"Shares" means seventy-five percent (75%) of the shares in the share capital
of the Company held by, to the order of or on behalf of a Chargor at any time
as such Shares are identified in Schedule 1 (Charged Assets (Shares)) hereto
and any Additional Shares; and

…

2.2 Charge

Each Chargor [ie, the Sponsors] charges its Charged Assets to the Chargee [ie,
Gulf International] with full title guarantee by way of first fixed charge as
continuing security for the payment and discharge by the Company [ie, Delta]
of all the Secured Obligations. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-6 (the Deed) / pp 164–166.

47 The Share Charge is governed, not by an arbitration agreement, but an
irrevocable submission to the exclusive jurisdiction to the Singapore courts –
clause 25.2 of the Deed. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-6 (the Deed) / p 184.

Clause 4.2 of the Deed provides that at any time on or after the occurrence of
an “Enforcement Event”, Gulf International shall, inter alia, be entitled to
exercise any voting rights in respect of the Charged Shares, transfer all or
part of the Charged Shares into its own name and exercise all other powers and
rights conferred on or exercisable by the legal and beneficial owners of the
Charged Shares. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-6 (the Deed) / pp 167 and 168.

Per clause 1.1 of the Deed, an “Enforcement Event” includes an Event of
Default under the CLA, specifically, where “the Borrower does not pay on the
due date any due and payable Outstanding Amount in accordance with this
Agreement” (clause 5.1(b)(i) of the CLA). 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-6 (the Deed) / pp 164 and 165 and Tab BT-4 (the
CLA) / pp 127 and 128.

In short, Delta’s failure to pay on Gulf International’s demand on 8 April
2022 would have entitled Gulf International to assume control of Delta.

48 Obviously aware of this possibility, Delta surreptitiously took steps to
deny Gulf International its rights under the Share Charge. On or around 15
July 2022, by way of a shareholders' ordinary resolution passed at an
extraordinary general meeting, Delta increased its share capital from four
shares to 5,396,169 shares. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at paras 29 and 30, Tab BT-16 (notice of resolution and
minutes of extraordinary general meeting).

The resolution was passed by the Sponsors holding 75% of Delta’s shares. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-16 (notice of resolution and minutes of
extraordinary general meeting).

The new shares were issued to one Sisyphus Clean Energy Pte Ltd (“Sisyphus”)
58

##### Foot Note 58

×

See also IDTN’s Affidavit at Tab IDTN-1 (director’s statement and unaudited
consolidated financial statements) / p 53.

apparently as consideration for the settlement of a purported debt of
US$5,396,165 owed by Delta to the Sponsors, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at para 30, Tab BT-16 (notice of resolution and minutes of
extraordinary general meeting) and Tab BT-17 (statement containing particulars
of shares allotted otherwise than for cash).

which Delta claimed had been ultimately assigned to Sisyphus. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-16 (notice of resolution and minutes of
extraordinary general meeting).

In short, Sisyphus did not inject fresh capital into Delta. Sisyphus appears
to be related to Delta – it has the same registered address as Delta, one of
the Sponsors is one of its two directors, Delta and Sisyphus have in common
two directors and a secretary, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-1 (Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority
(“ACRA”) business profile of Delta), Tab BT-17 (ACRA business profile of
Sisyphus).

and the Sponsors appear to have formed Sisyphus. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 59(a).

In IDTN’s Affidavit, Delta belatedly claimed that the issuance of the new
shares was to

improve [Delta’s] balance sheet for future investments”, and that the
conversion of the loan into equity “was necessitated but [sic] the Sponsor’s
desire not to increase the burden on [Delta] for cash repayment of [the] loan
with a view towards reducing the overall debt burden on the Project so as to
secure new funding from other investors. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 59(a).

49 I do not accept this explanation. First, no evidence was adduced to explain
how the said debt arose.

50 Second, the timing and effect of the move was to fundamentally impact Gulf
International’s security under the Share Charge – while it had previously held
security in 75% of the shares in Delta, after the Share Issuance it held
security in less than 0.0015% – and thereby prevent it from exercising its
rights to take control of Delta. Significantly, Gulf International was not
given notice of the Share Issuance at the time and only learned of it several
months later. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at para 26.

51 Third, and significantly, when Gulf International sought to restore its
security by asking the relevant parties to execute a new share charge, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at para 37.

the Sponsors responded by requiring “a full waiver of defaults under the JDA”
and stating that “[a]ny exercise of remedies under the [Share Charge] should
be subject to [the] satisfaction of the dispute resolution provision [sic] of
the JDA and the CLA”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at para 40 and Tab BT-23 / p 330.

52 The clear inference is that the Share Issuance was deliberately done to
frustrate Gulf International’s rights under the Charge. The Sponsors’
insistence on a full waiver of any default and for the exercise of remedies
under the Share Charge to be subject to arbitration before they would remedy
the situation made clear their agenda. Delta argued that any dispute relating
to this incident is a matter for arbitration. However, the Share Charge is not
governed by an arbitration clause (at [47] above).

53 Fourth, the issuance of the new shares was contrary to Delta’s Amended
Constitution, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at para 28.

which states (amongst other things) the following:

the rights for the time being attached to any class of shares for the time
being forming part of the share capital of the Company which have been charged
or mortgaged by way of security, from time to time, to any… company…, shall
not be modified, affected, varied, extended or surrendered in any way or
manner without the prior written consent of such… company. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab BT-2 / p 54.

54 Delta did not deny this or offer any argument or explanation as to how the
Share Issuance was consistent with its own constitution. This further suggests
that the primary purpose of the Share Issuance was to prejudice Gulf
International’s security over the Disbursed Loans.

55 Importantly, but for the issuance of the new shares to Sisyphus, Gulf
International could have exercised its rights under the Share Charge and taken
control of Delta. In that event, the JM Application would not have been
necessary. I therefore find Delta’s conduct relevant to these proceedings and
that it acted in abuse of process.

The Applicability Question

56 For completeness, and while not necessary for my decision, I observe that
the Salford principle and its underlying rationale may not apply as strictly
in respect of a judicial management application.

The Salford principle

57 The Salford principle prescribes that where an applicant brings a winding
up application premised on a disputed debt which is subject to an arbitration
agreement, the court should, save in wholly exceptional circumstances, stay or
dismiss the winding up application (Salford at [39] and [40]; Anan at [30]);
to show that the debt is “disputed”, it is sufficient to show that the debt is
not admitted (Salford at [40]; Anan at [31]). The rationale is to prevent an
applicant from using liquidation proceedings to bypass the arbitration
agreement, which would happen if the court conducted a summary judgment-type
analysis on the disputed debt (Salford at [40]; Anan at [30]). Parties should
be held to the bargain they entered to have such disputes adjudicated in
arbitration.

58 The Court of Appeal approved of the Salford principle in Anan (at [57])
because it promotes coherence in the law, including by preventing abuse of
winding-up proceedings (Anan at [57], [61]–[65]), gives effect to the
principle of party autonomy (Anan at [75]–[82]) and helps to achieve cost
savings (Anan at [85]) and certainty (Anan at [84]) in the law. Anan
highlighted an exception to the Salford principle: where the debtor asks for a
dismissal or stay in abuse of the court’s process eg, by disputing a debt
which had previously admitted (Anan at [56] and [91]).

Relevance of the Salford principle to judicial management applications

59 The above arguments are, as a matter of principle and logic, relevant to
judicial management applications as well. Under s 90(a) IRDA, the court may
only make a judicial management order where the company is, or is likely to
become, unable to pay its debts. In cases where that issue turns on a disputed
debt, the court would ordinarily, in the exercise of its discretion, require
that the debt first be adjudicated – see Hammonds (a firm) v Pro-fit USA Ltd
[2007] EWHC 1998 (Ch) at [54] and [55]. Where parties have agreed that
arbitration is the mechanism to adjudicate that dispute, they should, in
ordinary cases, be held to that bargain.

60 The Salford principle is not engaged where there is no disputed debt or
where the debt is admitted (as in this case – see [35] above). The abuse of
process exception recognised in AnAn should apply in judicial management
applications. Indeed, where it can be established, independent of the subject
debt, that a company is or is likely to become unable to pay its debts, the
case for a judicial management application may be more compelling. As will be
explained below, that was the situation in this case, where Delta’s own
evidence showed that it was insolvent without considering its liability to
Gulf International (at [79] and [81]).

61 Nonetheless, a decision on whether to stay proceedings is ultimately an
exercise of the court’s discretion, and there are appreciable differences
between winding up and judicial management applications which attenuate the
application of the Salford principle in the latter.

The application of the Salford principle to judicial management applications

62 The Court of Appeal in AnAn was concerned with the potential for abuse
where a creditor could make an “arbitrary or tactical choice” to make a
winding up application instead of pursuing an ordinary claim for debt and
thereby invite the court to adjudicate a disputed debt notwithstanding that it
was subject to arbitration (Anan at [63]). This also applies to judicial
management applications. However, with respect to judicial management
applications, the potential of abuse is reduced, and the consequences of abuse
are markedly different, making this concern less relevant. Significantly,
judicial management applications engage concerns of public interest which, in
some instances, may justify giving precedence to the insolvency regime over
arbitration. I elaborate below.

63 First, the judicial management regime engages a broader public interest
than the liquidation regime as the former is designed, as one of its
objectives, for the rescue and rehabilitation of an ailing business. As stated
by the then Minister for Finance in Parliament during the Second Reading of
the Companies (Amendment) Bill and introducing the scheme of judicial
management, “the benefits of a successful company rescue accrue not only to
its shareholders but to employees, the business community and the general
public” (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (5 May 1986) vol 48
at col 40 (Hu Tsu Tau, Minister for Finance). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

See also Gulf International’s Further Written Submissions at paras 9 and 12.

The same considerations do not apply to the same degree in liquidations, which
engage the more limited concerns of “economic efficiency and optimal returns
for creditors” (Anan at [68]). The broader public interest engaged by the
judicial management regime arguably should, in appropriate cases, be given
greater weight than the principle of party autonomy in the context of
enforcing arbitration agreements. The need for swift intervention to rescue
and rehabilitate a viable company should be given proper consideration. That
factor arises in this very case, given the looming deadline to build the Power
Plant and the lack of a coherent or concrete plan from Delta to meet that
obligation (see below at [88]). It may be unfair to compel a creditor, which
can demonstrate that there are no triable issues with respect to the debt, to
go through arbitration to establish that debt only for the debtor company to
deteriorate in the meantime to render the same unrecoverable. The case for a
stay may be even less compelling where a judicial management order will also
benefit other stakeholders, including other creditors, minority shareholders
and employees, who may be unable to make or affect decisions to protect or
maintain the viability of the business.

64 The Court of Appeal appears to recognize this at [69] in Anan (and [45] and
[56] in Larsen Oil and Gas Pte Ltd v Petroprod Ltd (in official liquidation in
the Cayman Islands and in compulsory liquidation in Singapore) [2011] 3 SLR
414), where it reasoned that a matter “in the wider public interest…
[t]herefore… ought to [be] treat[ed]… as non-arbitrable even if the parties
expressly included them within the scope of their arbitration agreement”. The
Court of Appeal also adopted the same reasoning at [111] and [112] of AnAn,
where it highlighted that the court may grant a stay (instead of dismissing a
winding up application) and allow a creditor to restore the application before
the debt is established via arbitration, in cases where no triable issues are
raised by the debtor company and there are legitimate concerns about the
solvency of the debtor company as a going concern. The Court of Appeal gave
examples of where the debtor company (a) has no genuine desire to arbitrate
the dispute and is simply relying to the arbitration agreement to delay
payment of legitimate debts; or (b) is paying off other creditors to stave off
other winding up proceedings, to the detriment of the applicant creditor, and
there is no legitimate explanation for the different treatment of the
creditors. This underscores the point that the court should, in exercising its
discretion whether to grant a stay of a judicial management application in
favour of arbitration, conduct a holistic examination of the circumstances,
beyond potential instances of abuse of process by the debtor company. Those
circumstances, in my view, should include a broader consideration of the need
to intervene in the interests of the debtor company as well as other
stakeholders.

65 Second, a judicial management order will only be made where the court is
satisfied that one or more of the purposes set out in s 89(1) IRDA would
likely be achieved (in addition to a requirement that a debtor company be
unable or likely to become unable to pay its debts). This is different from a
winding up application, which could turn entirely on whether a company was
unable to pay its debt (s 125(1)(e) IRDA), which may be largely or entirely
constituted by the disputed debt. This distinction is significant because it
reflects the reduced potential for abuse by way of an applicant’s “arbitrary
or tactical choice” to make a judicial management application to circumvent
the arbitration agreement, since the applicant must additionally show that one
of the statutory purposes of judicial management would be achieved to
successfully obtain a judicial management order. This is closely related to
the point made in the preceding paragraph: the statutory purposes of judicial
management reflect the engagement of a broader public interest. It is
generally in the public interest to save, not destroy, a company.

66 Third, the consequence of any instance of abuse as contemplated in Salford
and Anan is less weighty in judicial management applications as compared to
winding up applications. In winding up applications, where the disputed debt
is not ultimately established, the court can only order a permanent stay of
the winding up order. As noted at [80] of AnAn, a winding up order is
draconian and irreversible and, if the Salford principle did not apply, there
could be “irreparable harm to the debtor-company’s stakeholders, including
shareholders and other creditors”.

67 In contrast, judicial management includes as one of its purposes the
survival of the company as a going concern (s 89(1)(a) IRDA), and the court
has the power to discharge the company from judicial management when such
purpose has been achieved – s 112 IRDA. Further, a judicial management order
is effective for only 180 days, unless the court otherwise specifies (s 111(1)
IRDA). These mitigate the consequences of abuse. The court should therefore be
more ready and willing to invoke the judicial management regime where the
purpose is to preserve and protect the interests of its stakeholders.

68 Both parties referred me to Fieldfisher LLP v Pennyfeathers Ltd [2016] EWHC
566 (Ch) (“Fieldfisher”), where Nugee J dismissed an administration
application, which is similar to a judicial management application, applying
the Salford principle. Delta pointed out, relying on Fieldfisher, that a court
cannot be satisfied if debts are due for the purposes of a judicial management
application unless it embarks on an enquiry as to those debts but, where there
is an arbitration agreement, this enquiry should not be addressed by the
court. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Delta’s Further Written Submissions at paras 6 and 9.

Delta also argued that the “differences between the policy [sic] behind
[judicial management] and winding up [regimes]” should not stop Salford from
applying here, since “the policy considerations underpinning the Salford
principle relates [sic] to the arbitration regime”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Delta’s Further Written Submissions at para 7.

Gulf International argued that Fieldfisher can be distinguished because the
court there received limited assistance on the Applicability Question and had
“considered itself bound by the Salford principle to dismiss the [judicial
management] application… noting that it reached this conclusion ‘without much
enthusiasm’”. Furthermore, the court did not provide comprehensive reasons for
why it “considered itself bound by the Salford principle”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Gulf International’s Further Written Submissions at paras 13–16.

I agree with the concerns raised by Gulf International. Further, while I
accept the policies underpinning the Salford principle, they are, in my view,
attenuated in the context of judicial management applications for the reasons
set out above. I also note in passing that Nugee J had, ten days after that
decision, rescinded his earlier order dismissing the administration
application and instead made an administration order, having accepted that the
company owed some £270,000 (LF2 Ltd v Supperstone [2019] 1 BCLC 38 at [10]). I
therefore do not find Fieldfisher instructive.

69 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the Salford principle should not
apply as strictly in judicial management applications. Where an applicant
brings a judicial management application based on a disputed debt which is
subject to an arbitration agreement, the court should not limit its discretion
to stay or dismiss the application only where the alleged debtor is acting in
abuse of the court’s process. Instead, the court should make a more holistic
assessment of the facts and consider, inter alia, the interests of the other
stakeholders of the debtor company and the wider public interest.

70 Even if Delta’s conduct did not amount to an admission of its liability to
repay the Disbursed Loans, I would have dismissed its applications to stay or
dismiss the JM Application. This is because (a) there are no triable issues
with respect to Delta’s liability to repay the Disbursed Loans; (b) the
evidence is clear that Delta is insolvent without considering its liability to
Gulf International; (c) Delta is unable to advance the Project; (d) Delta has
not acted in good faith in its dealings with Gulf International and in these
proceedings; and (e) Delta’s creditors, including Gulf International, and the
Project (and its stakeholders) will likely suffer substantial prejudice if
there is no timely intervention. I elaborate on these matters below (save for
(a), which has been dealt with above).

Conclusion on the RA and the IRDA Summons

71 I thus find that Delta had made clear and unequivocal admissions of the
Disbursed Loans owed to Gulf International and that there was therefore no
dispute referable to arbitration. I further find that Delta abused the court
process. Accordingly, I dismiss the RA and the IRDA Summons.

The JM Application

Issues to be determined

72 The main issues in the JM Application were:

(a) whether Delta was or was likely to be unable to pay its debts;

(b) whether there was a real prospect that one or more of the purposes of
judicial management would be achieved; and

(c) whether the proposed judicial managers were qualified.

The parties’ cases

Gulf International’s case

73 Gulf International argued that Delta was or was likely to be unable to pay
its debts, and that there was a reasonable probability of rehabilitating Delta
or of preserving all or part of its business as a going concern or that
otherwise the interest of creditors would be better served than by resorting
to a winding up. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at
para 2.

74 Gulf International averred that Delta owed substantial debts of about
US$27,301,096 to 63 other creditors, of which US$18,886,542 had been or was
likely to be demanded by Delta’s creditors, 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at
paras 32, 33(a) and 33(b).

and Delta was further obliged to return a deposit of US$3m under the JDA to
Gulf Development. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at
para 32.

Delta had limited realisable assets from which proceeds could be used to
satisfy its debts and it did not expect any income in the near future. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at
paras 33(c), 33(d) and 33(e).

Delta was therefore unable or likely to be unable to pay its debts based on
the cash flow test. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at
para 34.

75 Gulf International argued that placing Delta under judicial management
would give it the best chance of ensuring its survival and ensure a more
advantageous realisation of its assets than its liquidation; consequently,
there was a real prospect of one or more of the purposes of judicial
management being achieved. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at
para 43.

This was for the following reasons:

(a) Gulf International was the single largest creditor of Delta and its
support was likely required for any proposed scheme of arrangement to succeed.
79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at
para 44.

(b) Delta’s management had demonstrated a propensity to act with little regard
for the interest of Delta’s creditors, which led to a breakdown in trust and
confidence in them; judicial managers, as independent third parties, would
renew creditors’ confidence in Delta. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at
paras 45 and 46.

(c) The appointment of judicial managers would also address the general
ineptitude of Delta and/or the Sponsors in advancing the Project. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at
paras 47 and 48.

Delta’s case

76 In addition to disputing its debt to Gulf International, Delta resisted the
JM Application on the basis that Gulf International had not provided
sufficient evidence to show that Delta was unable to pay its debts or was cash
flow insolvent. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at para 3.

Delta argued that Gulf International had not adduced any evidence of Delta’s
current assets and liabilities, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at paras 38–41.

notwithstanding that as a partner in the joint venture, it should have had
more than a limited knowledge of Delta’s affairs and should also have taken
reasonable steps to obtain publicly available information when preparing its
case. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at para 42.

Delta also argued that the JM and IJM Applications were filed for the
collateral purpose of allowing Gulf International to take control of Delta. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at para 31.

77 Delta further argued that statutory purposes of judicial management would
not be met, because (a) it was critical that Delta’s management remained in
control of the Project, given that they had developed goodwill and rapport
with various Vietnamese governmental stakeholders who were critical to the
success of the Project; 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at paras 43–46.

(b) the proposed judicial managers did not have the relevant expertise to
manage the Project, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at paras 51–54.

which was especially concerning given the short runway before the Power Plant
had to start operating; 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at para 53.

(c) the proposed judicial managers did not have a clear plan of action; 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at paras 55–59.

and (d) the proposed judicial managers have not demonstrated an ability to
secure funding from other investors for the Project and are unlikely to be
able to do so. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at paras 60 and 61.

Whether Delta was or was likely to be unable to pay its debts

78 With respect to Delta’s ability to pay its debts, the applicable test is
the cash flow test – see Sun Electric Power Pte Ltd v RCMA Asia Pte Ltd
(formerly known as Tong Teik Pte Ltd) [2021] 2 SLR 478.

79 Delta was unable to pay its debts. At my direction made on 23 February
2023, Delta filed IDTN’s Affidavit on 2 March 2023 to disclose its current
financial position. In summary:

(a) Based on its financial statement for financial year (“FY”) 2021, Delta’s
current liabilities exceeded its current assets by US$13,034,035. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 6.

(b) Delta anticipated that its liabilities would increase in FY 2022 as more
services would have to be performed to progress the Project. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 7.

Based on its balance sheet for FY 2022, its current liabilities exceeded its
current assets by US$17,841,485.37 as at 28 February 2023. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at Tab IDTN-2 (Delta’s balance sheets) / p 64.

(c) The amount outstanding and due to the Project’s contractors as at 1 March
2023 was US$19,868,190.80. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 9 and Tab IDTN-4 (outstanding amounts owed by Delta
to the Project’s contractors) / p 69.

(d) As the Project is in its development phase, no revenue is currently being
generated, and none is expected for some time. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 8.

80 The liabilities set out above stand in stark contrast to the position taken
by Delta in EJM’s 2nd Affidavit, where it effectively denied Gulf
International’s assertion that it was unable to pay its debts. It even
described Gulf International’s allegation that the shares in BLLP were Delta’s
only substantial asset as a bare assertion, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

EJM’s 2nd Affidavit at para 46. See also Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM
and IJM Applications at paras 38–42.

when that was clearly the case. Delta’s lack of candour was troubling,
particularly when it was at the same time urging the court not to appoint
judicial managers on the basis that it intended to take diligent steps to
complete the Project. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Eg, Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at paras 38–41.

81 For completeness, the above liabilities do not include the admitted debt to
Gulf International under the CLA. The outstanding amount, including interest,
under the CLA stood at US$11,258,542 as at 16 December 2022. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at para 24.

I was also informed by Delta’s counsel at the hearing on 23 February 2023 that
Gulf Development had on 18 January 2023 issued a demand for the refund of the
Exclusivity Deposit of US$3m following the expiry of the Exclusivity Period
under the JDA. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See also Affidavit of Boonchai Thirati dated 16 February 2023 at paras 34–36.

82 Delta described funding as being critical to the continuity of the Project.
100

##### Foot Note 100

×

EJM’s 2nd Affidavit at para 63.

That must plainly be the case. Delta argued that it was in the process of
seeking the necessary funding – it referred to a term sheet dated 23 September
2022 with a potential investor, B. Grimm Power Public Company Limited (“B
Grimm”), which was said to be in the process of conducting its due diligence.
101

##### Foot Note 101

×

EJM’s 2nd Affidavit at para 66 and Tab EJM-24 / p 327.

83 Delta estimated that it would require a further US$4.9 million to complete
the execution of the Power Purchase Agreement with the Vietnamese Government
(the “PPA”) 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 50; Delta’s Further Written Submissions at para 16.

and meeting this milestone would enable Delta to raise more funding. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 12.

As at the time of the filing of IDTN’s Affidavit, B Grimm was apparently in
talks with a “Middle Eastern investor” as a “co-investment partner”, and Delta
and B Grimm were working together to finalise a loan agreement. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 55.

As a back-up plan, Delta said that it would embark on “a capital raising
roadshow” and was in discussions with entities such as “McDermott, Bechtel
Infrastructure and power Corporation” to do so. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at paras 7 and 57; Delta’s Further Written Submissions at
para 18.

84 The lack of detail in these funding proposals is telling. The fact of the
matter is that funding has not been secured and there was no assurance that it
will be. Further, it is insufficient merely to secure enough funds to see the
Project to the execution of the PPA. Delta already owed significantly higher
liabilities, and it clearly did not have the funds to meet those liabilities.
Delta’s assertion that the appointment of judicial managers would prejudice
its funding efforts is speculative and self-serving. There is also no evidence
that any of these prospective funders would not be willing to work with
judicial managers to invest in and complete the Project.

Whether there was a real prospect that the purpose(s) of judicial management
will be achieved

85 Gulf International needs to show a “real prospect” that one or more of the
purposes of judicial management could be achieved. I am satisfied that it has
done so.

86 Delta’s only significant asset is (ultimately) the Power Plant, and its
value was thus entirely dependent on the progress and success of the Project.
In IDTN’s Affidavit, it was stated that the Project, if developed to fruition,
was viable. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 61.

It is therefore in all the parties’ interests that the Project is well-
executed and completed in good time. In this regard, the Power Plant must
commence the first phase of its operations by January 2024 or risk losing its
licence, unless an extension was granted by the Vietnamese Government. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at paras 46 and 47.

Delta asserted that an extension would likely be granted as the delays to the
Project were caused by the Vietnamese Government. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at paras 20–23.

But no evidence was produced that the Vietnamese Government had acknowledged
responsibility for any delay or was committed to granting an extension.

87 Gulf International is a significant creditor and would be prejudiced if the
Project is not completed or the licence terminated. It correctly pointed out
that Delta has not been able to get the Project going for some years and there
is no reason to believe that its current management would be able to do so on
a timely basis or at all.

88 While Delta claimed in IDTN’s Affidavit that “the Project is nearing the
execution of the PPA”, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 20.

it was clear from the same affidavit that much remained to be done. Whether
the PPA would be achieved would depend on, inter alia, Delta (a) receiving
funding, which, as explained above, was uncertain; and (b) completing the
steps set out in Annex B to IDTN’s Affidavit, which were heavily qualified as
being reliant on negotiations and co-operation with various third parties.
Annex B also comprised bare statements of what Delta intended or would need to
do; given its failure to reasonably progress the Project to date, they were
not convincing. The fact of the matter was that, of the Project milestones,
only those in the pre-development stage had been completed, and that was in
the first quarter of 2020. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 15(a) and Annex B / p 39.

Before Delta could agree and execute the PPA, which Delta agreed was a
critical milestone, it must first have in place a feasibility study and a Grid
Interconnection Plan ("GIP") approved by the Prime Minister of Vietnam. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 15(b).

It was also necessary to obtain approval for the feasibility study, but that
had missed its deadline by more than two years – it has still not been done
112

##### Foot Note 112

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at Annex B / p 32.

and its current status is unknown. Given the extensive delays that have
already occurred and the lack of detail and the qualifications in Delta’s
proposed plan of action, I agree with Gulf International that Delta’s
assertions that the GIP could be finalised by the second quarter of 2023, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 29(a).

and negotiations on the PPA completed by the third quarter of 2023, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at paras 28 and 29(b).

were not realistic.

89 I note that Delta in fact blamed Gulf Development for the Project’s current
predicament – specifically, for Gulf Development’s failure to (a) offer its
expertise in relation to the preparation of the PPA; (b) give its inputs for
the tender of LNG (presumably liquified natural gas) 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 17(c).

supply and the feasibility study to be appraised by the Ministry of Industry
and Trade of Vietnam; and (c) provide developmental assistance which impacted
the achievement of the condition precedents under the CLA. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

EJM’s Affidavit at paras 24(b) and 24(c); Delta’s Written Submissions on the
JM and IJM Applications at paras 11 and 12.

These complaints are the subject matter of the arbitration, and I therefore
make no comment. However, this argument undermines Delta’s position, as it
suggests that Delta cannot continue with the Project without the technical and
financial assistance of Gulf Development or another party. In any event, and
on any view, there has been a breakdown of trust between Gulf International,
Gulf Development, Delta and the Sponsors. In so far as Gulf Development’s
expertise would be useful for the completion of the Project, a judicial
management order would enable Gulf Development to work with managers it can
trust. I note that Gulf Development has committed to working with the judicial
managers to advance the Project.

90 Delta claimed that the Project’s contractors would not demand or sue for
payments currently due on the understanding that the current management
continues to manage the Project. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at paras 10 and 13.

This is just a bare assertion. Further, it is unclear why that would be the
case – it would be in the contractors’ interests for funding to be secured and
the Project completed so that they can be paid. There is no reason why they
would not want to work with judicial managers to make that happen.

91 In short, the current arrangement was not working, and a new approach is
required. While there is no guarantee that appointing judicial managers will
result in the successful completion of the Project, it presented the most
viable solution.

92 While the above is sufficient to justify appointing judicial managers,
Delta’s conduct with respect to the Share Issuance (see [46]–[55] above) also
casts serious doubts on its conduct and bona fides. I note that in the context
of that incident, the Sponsors declined to provide an undertaking to Gulf
International that “there will not be any dealing, disposal or dissipation of
shares in [Delta] (both direct and indirect holding), [Delta’s] assets and
interests pending the hearing of [the JM Application]”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Gulf International’s Written Submissions for the RA at para 60(d); Affidavit
of Boonchai Thirati dated 16 December 2022 ("BT's 2nd Affidavit”) at paras
6–8, Tab BT-28 (letters concerning the undertaking).

Gulf International’s request for such an undertaking was understandable given
what happened. However, no reason was offered by Delta as to why even that
undertaking was not, or could not be, furnished.

93 I also note Delta’s position that, should the proposed judicial managers be
appointed, the Sponsors would step away from the Project. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

IDTN’s Affidavit at para 64.

That is their prerogative, but their rationale that they would not be able to
work with the proposed judicial managers, without even speaking with them,
spoke volumes of their attitude and desire to make the Project work.

94 Delta’s final argument was that the judicial managers may withdraw the
arbitration proceedings and therefore prejudice its rights. The judicial
managers are officers of the court and bound to act properly. That includes
properly assessing, and, if necessary, pursuing the claims in the arbitration.
It was therefore entirely speculative to assert that they would improperly
withdraw the proceedings.

95 I therefore agree with Gulf International that placing Delta in judicial
management would best ensure the survival of Delta as a going concern.

Whether the proposed judicial managers are qualified

96 It was Delta’s case that its management had been working on the Project
since its inception, and therefore had experience working on the ground as
well as navigating the relevant regulatory environment in Vietnam. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Delta’s Written Submissions on the JM and IJM Applications at paras 51 and 52.

It claimed that, in contrast, the proposed judicial managers did not have any,
or sufficient, experience and will therefore not likely meet the Project
deadlines. As noted above, Delta’s alleged experience and know-how has thus
far not proved adequate to reasonably advance the Project. Its claims
therefore ring hollow.

97 According to their respective curricula vitae, the proposed judicial
managers have experience managing power projects in the region, including
Vietnam. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

BT’s 1st Affidavit at Tab 26 (credentials of proposed judicial managers).

More importantly, they are part of one of the leading sets of insolvency
practitioners in Asia and will be able to call on its corporate knowledge and
resources. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Affidavit of Boonchai Thirati dated 9 March 2023 (“BT’s 5th Affidavit”) at
para 33.

The proposed judicial managers have set out a 90-day workplan, which includes
meeting with the various national and provincial government bodies to progress
the PPA and obtain an extension of the project licence. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

BT’s 5th Affidavit at para 34 and Tab BT-39 (proposed judicial managers’
workplan).

If the Vietnamese Government is keen to get the Project up and running – and
all parties agree that it is – there is no reason to believe that it will
refuse to work with the proposed judicial managers and cease engaging with
BLLP. Delta’s assertions to the contrary were again speculative and self-
serving.

98 I also note that the proposed judicial managers will not be without
support. Gulf Development, which is one of the largest energy producers in
Thailand, has stated that it is committed to supporting the proposed judicial
managers. Given its significant investment thus far, there is no reason to
doubt this.

Conclusion

99 I find that there was no disputed debt, on account of Delta’s admissions of
debt to Gulf International. I further decide that Delta’s subsequent denial of
the said debt and its Share Issuance meant that it acted in abuse of process.
Accordingly, Delta is not entitled to a stay or dismissal of the JM
Application. I also find that Delta was unable to pay its debts and that there
was a real prospect that the making of a judicial management order would be
likely to achieve the survival of Delta as a going concern. Given that the
success of the Project is important not just to Delta’s creditors but also, as
a “high profile [sic] nationally important power generation project”, 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

BT's 2nd Affidavit at Tab BT-30 (letter from Delta and the Sponsors to Gulf
International and Gulf Development) / p 34.

for Vietnam, there are additional reasons in favour of making a judicial
management order.

100 In the circumstances, I allow the JM Application.

101 I make no order on the Interim JM Application as that is moot.

102 I also dismiss the RA and the IRDA Summons with costs to be taxed, if not
agreed, and paid by Delta to Gulf International.

Hri Kumar Nair  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Emmanuel Duncan Chua, Yiu Kai Tai, Lim Jia Ren and Irvin Ho Jia Xian (Wong &
Leow LLC) for the claimant;

Lim Hui Li Debby and Toh Wei Qing, Geraldine (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP)
for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 May 2023 (11:43 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

