Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 213

Originating Application No 731 of 2023

In the Matter of Section 45 and 59U of the Medical Registration Act

And

In the Matter of an inquiry against Dr L

Singapore Medical Council

… Applicant

gROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure – Extension of time – s 45(4) Medical Registration Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Singapore Medical Council

[2023] SGHC 213

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 731 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
31 July 2023

4 August 2023

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This application in HC/OA 731/2023 is by the Singapore Medical Council
(“SMC”) under the new s 45(4) Medical Registration Act 1997 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“New MRA”) for an extension of time for the Complaints Committee to complete
its inquiry into a complaint against Dr L.

2 The process for investigating complaints against medical professionals under
the New MRA was a result of amendments made by the Medical Registration
(Amendment) Act 2020 (No.34 of 2020) (“MRA Amendments”). The amended process
of investigation comprises the following stages:

(1) after a complaint is received, an Inquiry Committee is appointed to
determine whether the complaint is “vexatious, misconceived or lacking in
substance”, if so, the complaint will be dismissed; otherwise,

(2) it may be referred to the Complaints Committee for further inquiry, and
the Complaints Committee will decide if a formal inquiry needs to be conducted
by a Disciplinary Tribunal, or recommend other actions instead; and

(3), if a Disciplinary Tribunal is appointed, the medical professional
concerned will face a formal enquiry before the Disciplinary Tribunal.

3 Prior to the MRA Amendments, the Complaints Committee had to complete its
inquiry no later than three months after the receipt of a complaint.
Applications for extensions of time for the Complaints Committee to complete
its inquiry were made to the chairman of the Complaints Panel (the chairman
appoints the Complaints Committee). The chairman could grant extensions at his
discretion: see s 42(2) MRA that was in force before the MRA Amendments came
into force (“Old MRA”).

4 Parliament passed the MRA Amendments, among other objectives, to “facilitate
a more expeditious resolution of complaints” (Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (6 October 2020), vol. 95, Mr Edwin Tong Chun Fai, Second
Minister for Law) (“Hansard”). Now, under s 45 of the New MRA, the Complaints
Committee has to complete its inquiry no later than three months after the
date of the complaint being referred to it. If more time is required, the
Complaints Committee can apply in writing to the chairman of the Complaints
Panel for an extension provided that the extension does not exceed six months
from the date the complaint was referred to the Complaints Committee.

5 If the Complaints Committee requires more than six months to complete its
inquiry, it must now request the SMC to apply to the General Division of the
High Court for a further extension of time. HC/OA 731/2023 is such an
application.

6 The new section (s 45) and amended procedure regarding the schedule for
dealing with complaints were introduced because Parliament wanted to
“facilitate a more expeditious resolution of complaints”. Minister Tong
explained that “one of the chief complaints about the system” is that it “has
taken too long” between “the time a complaint is lodged until it is resolved”.
This process can take up to “five, six, seven years in some cases” and was a
“real strain” and a “real stress” on the doctor in cases where the doctor is
found not liable. Conversely, if the doctor is ultimately found to be liable
for professional misconduct, the long duration of the process leads to the
question of the doctor practising during that “last six, seven years”, and
little would have been done to “protect the patient’s interest” during that
time.

7 It is clear from Minister Tong’s explanation that the MRA Amendments were
meant to tighten the process for the benefit of doctors, patients, and
complainants. In this connection, it is important for the court, when
considering whether to grant further extensions of time to the Complaints
Committee, to keep in mind the spirit of the amended procedure — achieving a
“more expeditious resolution of complaints”. This means that the burden falls
on the applicant to show adequate reasons for a further extension to be
granted. The application to the court is not a mere formality. If there is an
unreasonable delay in the inquiry process, or if insufficient reasons are
given for an extension of time, the court may refuse to grant the extension,
bearing in mind that there would already have been an extension of time of
three months given by the chairman of the Complaints Panel, before an
application comes to the court.

8 In the present case, the SMC (the applicant) applied for an extension of
time on 24 July 2023 requesting for an extension of three months to be given
to the Complaints Committee, up to 24 October 2023, to complete its inquiry
against Dr L, against whom, a complaint was made on 23 November 2022. Dr L had
attended to a patient (“H”) who received injuries to his back in an accident.
Dr L gave him a medical certificate (“MC”) covering two days. H also
complained that during his various follow-up appointments with Dr L, Dr L told
him that he cannot be given any MC directly because he (“H”) was not the one
paying for the services. On 7 December 2022, the Inquiry Committee was
appointed to look into the complaint and referred the complaint to the
Complaints Committee on 12 January 2023. The Complaints Committee was
appointed on 25 January 2023 and commenced its inquiry by seeking Dr L’s
clarification on the complaint. On 1 February 2023, the Complaints Committee
directed investigators to obtain an expert report from an Orthopaedic Spine
Surgeon and to pose follow-up questions to Dr L. On 6 April 2023, the
Complaints Committee reviewed the documents obtained by the investigations and
sought further clarifications from H’s employer. On 17 July 2023, the
Complaints Committee directed further investigations to obtain a written
explanation from Dr L as to why the MCs were not issued to the patient H
himself, and asked to whom the MCs were issued. Counsel for the applicant says
that these further clarifications were sought from Dr L as a new issue that
was previously overlooked. Dr L responded on 18 July 2023 and requested for a
three to four weeks extension of time to submit his written explanation. In
the interests of fairness, the Complaints Committee agreed to a three-week
extension of time (till 10 August 2023) for Dr L.

9 Counsel for the applicant further says that after receiving Dr L’s written
explanation, the Complaints Committee would require time to “deliberate on the
matter and consider whether further investigation might be required”. Under
these circumstances the Complaints Committee seeks an extension of time of
three months from this court. I am of the view that another three months is
not justifiable for what else remains to be done. First, the Complaints
Committee appears to have been satisfied preliminarily that the two days MC
issued by Dr L was not inappropriate, and that the main issues left were
whether the MCs should have been issued directly to H personally, and whether
it was inappropriately issued to some other person(s). If so, that may be a
breach of the ethical rules of the SMC. With respect, the remaining issues are
not complex and do not require another three months. No expert medical
evidence from specialists is needed (in contrast to the first issue that the
Complaints Committee has already been satisfied with). Secondly, the applicant
has not given adequate reasons why three months is needed for the Complaints
Committee to consider Dr L’s explanation on 10 August 2023. In my view, a
further three weeks should suffice for the Complaints Committee to discuss and
decide if Dr L had acted wrongly (in breach of ethical guidelines) after
hearing back from him on 10 August 2023. Bearing in mind that Parliament had
intended for the complaints process to be expedited and shortened — and given
that this is already the second request for an extension of time (the first
being a request to the chairman of the Complaints Panel), there must be a
greater sense of urgency in resolving this complaint. As such, I allow the
application for an extension of time, but the extension is to only be up to 31
August 2023 (three weeks from 10 August 2023).

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Sui Yi Siong (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the applicant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 04 Aug 2023 (13:09 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

