Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 149

Admiralty in Personam No 50 of 2022 (Summons No 4238 of 2022)

Between

| COSCO Shipping Specialized Carriers Co, Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

(1)| PT OKI Pulp & Paper Mills  
---|---  
(2)| COSCO Shipping Specialized Carriers (Europe) BV  
(3)| All other persons claiming or entitled to claim damage, loss, expense,
indemnity arising out of contact between “LE LI” (IMO No. 9192674) and
jetty/structure at Tanjung Tapa Pier on or about 31.05.22  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Service]

[Admiralty and Shipping — Collision — Limitation action]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
COSCO Shipping Specialized Carriers Co, Ltd

v

PT OKI Pulp & Paper Mills and others

[2023] SGHC 149

General Division of the High Court — Admiralty in Personam No 50 of 2022
(Summons No 4238 of 2022)  
S Mohan J  
17 April 2023

22 May 2023 Judgment reserved.

S Mohan J:

Introduction

1 This application arises out of a contact that occurred between the general
cargo ship “LE LI” (the “Vessel”) and a trestle bridge connecting a paper mill
to an offshore jetty at a port in Palembang, Indonesia (the “Incident”). The
owner of the Vessel has commenced HC/ADM 50/2022 – a limitation action – to
limit its liability arising out of the Incident to the limits as provided in
the Merchant Shipping Act 1995 (2020 Rev Ed) (“MSA 1995”) with reference to
the tonnage of the Vessel. The shipowner has named the party alleged to be the
owner of the trestle bridge/jetty and the head charterer of the Vessel as the
first and second defendants respectively. Pursuant to the procedural rules for
a limitation action as contained in O 33 r 36 of the Rules of Court 2021 (“ROC
2021”), service of the originating claim was only effected on the head
charterer (ie, the second defendant). Dissatisfied with this, the alleged
owner of the trestle bridge/jetty (ie, the first defendant) has brought the
present application to contest the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts in
this action. It seeks to challenge the validity of the service on the second
defendant and questions the very basis of the second defendant’s professed
claim against the claimant.

The nature of limitation actions

2 Before delving into the issues that arise in the application before me, it
would be useful to first set out some background to the nature of a limitation
action and certain unique procedures associated with it. This would better
situate some of the arguments that I will address later in this judgment.

3 A shipowner’s right to limit its liability in respect of certain maritime
claims is a well-established one, from its historical roots in English
legislation to its current form as encapsulated in the Convention on
Limitation of Liability for Maritime Claims, 1976 as amended by the Protocol
of 1996 to Amend the Convention on Limitation of Liability for Maritime Claims
(“LLMC 1976”). The LLMC 1976, with the exceptions of Article 2(1)(d) and
2(1)(e), has the force of law in Singapore pursuant to s 136(1) of the MSA
1995):

Subject to this Part, the provisions of the Convention, other than paragraph
1(d) and (e) of Article 2 of the Convention, have the force of law in
Singapore.

4 A shipowner faced with potential claims from various parties may invoke the
right to limit liability by commencing a limitation action in accordance with
O 33 r 36 of the ROC 2021. A limitation action is sui generis. It is different
from other actions where the court determines a party’s liability under
defined, pleaded causes of action. In a limitation action, the court does not
decide whether a shipowner is liable in respect of any claims that may arise
against the shipowner following the occurrence of a maritime casualty. The
issue of the shipowner’s liability, if any, is (unless such liability is
admitted) a question to be decided in separate liability proceedings in the
proper forum, which can take the form of arbitration or court proceedings (in
Singapore or elsewhere). As recognised by the English High Court in The Happy
Fellow [1997] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 130 at 134, a limitation action is “a special
proceeding to which all potential claimants are made parties”, in which a
shipowner enforces its right “to have all claims scaled down to their
proportionate share of a limited fund”.

5 Thus, a limitation action is not a simple action between one claimant and
one defendant, but an action between the claimant shipowner (as the limiting
party) and all limitation defendants (ie, all parties with claims or potential
claims against the shipowner). Consistent with its nature and considering
where liability proceedings may be brought or prosecuted (see [4]), any
limitation decree granted by the court in a limitation action in favour of a
shipowner is, generally speaking, “good against the world” (see the English
Court of Appeal decision of Saipem SpA v Dredging VO2 BV and Geosite Surveys
Ltd (The Volvox Hollandia) [1988] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 361 at 370).

6 Notwithstanding the conceptual features of a limitation action, there are
certain realities which cannot be ignored. It may not be possible for a
shipowner seeking to limit its liability to know the identities (or even the
existence) of all the parties with potential claims against it, let alone be
able to name and serve the limitation proceedings on all of them. This is
especially since the limitation action may be commenced even when no liability
proceedings have been launched against the shipowner in any forum, and even
where the shipowner does not know precisely who has claims against it but
apprehends that claims may arise following a maritime incident. It is with
these realities in mind that one can appreciate why, under O 33 r 36(2) of the
ROC 2021, a shipowner only needs to make one of the persons with claims
against it in respect of the casualty a defendant to the limitation action
(although others may be made defendants also). Further, only one such
defendant must be expressly named in the originating claim, while all others
may be described generally (see O 33 r 36(3)). As for service, the originating
claim only needs to be served on one named defendant and need not be served on
any others (see O 33 r 36(4)).

7 With these general principles and observations in mind, I turn to set out
the background to this limitation action.

Facts

8 The first defendant, PT OKI Pulp & Paper Mills (“OKI”), owns and operates a
pulp and paper mill in Palembang, Ogan Komering ILIR Regency, Indonesia. OKI
also claims to own and operate a nearby seaport facility comprising a
warehouse and jetty (the “Terminal”) at Tanjung Tapa Pier. Prior to the
construction of this facility, products from the mill had to be shipped out
from an inland jetty on barges. The laden barges in turn had to travel some
92km by river in order to load the products onto seagoing vessels. The
construction of the Terminal in 2020 obviated the need for the barges to carry
the products to the seagoing vessels, as the products could be transported
from the mill by truck via the trestle bridge to the jetty, which was located
more than 2km off the mainland. From the jetty, the products would be loaded
on board the receiving vessels directly. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Surya Kurniawan dated 12 January 2023 at paras 5, 7–8.

9 The Vessel is and was at all material times owned by COSCO Shipping
Specialized Carriers Co, Ltd (“COSCO Shipping”), the claimant in this action.
Pursuant to a contract of affreightment dated 6 April 2021 (the “Head COA”),
the Vessel was chartered by the claimant to COSCO Shipping Specialized
Carriers (Europe) BV (“COSCO Europe”). By a voyage charterparty also dated 6
April 2021, COSCO Europe sub-chartered the Vessel to OKI. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

2nd Affidavit of Li Jianzhong dated 20 January 2023 at para 9.

As their names suggest, COSCO Shipping and COSCO Europe (collectively, the
“COSCO entities”), are related – COSCO Europe is majority-owned by another
entity which is itself a wholly-owned subsidiary of COSCO Shipping. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Affidavit of Jun Hu dated 3 March 2023 at paras 9–10.

10 On 31 May 2022, at or around 3.20pm local time, the Vessel departed from
her berth at the jetty whilst being piloted and with the assistance of two
tugs. While manoeuvring away from the jetty, the Vessel made contact with the
trestle bridge, allegedly causing about 220m of the bridge to collapse. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Affidavit of Surya Kurniawan dated 12 January 2023 at para 11.

OKI claims to be the owner of the trestle bridge/jetty and asserts that the
Incident has caused it significant loss and damage. I mention as an aside and
for completeness that since the occurrence of the Incident, COSCO Shipping and
OKI have been unable to agree on security for OKI’s claims, presently
estimated by OKI to be approximately US$592 million. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Affidavit of Surya Kurniawan dated 12 January 2023 at para 13.

In contrast, the aggregate limit of COSCO Shipping’s liability under the LLMC
1976, calculated with reference to the tonnage of the Vessel, is approximately
US$16 million. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st Affidavit of Li Jianzhong dated 25 August 2022 at para 22.

11 On 4 August 2022, COSCO Shipping commenced the present limitation action,
naming OKI and COSCO Europe as defendants, and with the remaining defendants
generically described as “[a]ll other persons claiming or entitled to claim
damage, loss, expense, indemnity arising out of contact between ‘LE LI’ (IMO
No. 9192674) and jetty/structure at Tanjung Tapa Pier on or about 31.05.2022”.
The originating claim was served by COSCO Shipping’s solicitors, Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP, on COSCO Europe’s Singapore solicitors, JLex LLC (“JLex”) on 5
August 2022 by email, following JLex’s confirmation that they were authorised
to accept service in Singapore on COSCO Europe’s behalf. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

2nd Affidavit of Li Jianzhong dated 20 January 2023 at para 77.

COSCO Europe then filed a notice of intention not to contest COSCO Shipping’s
originating claim on 11 August 2022. It is common ground that OKI, on the
other hand, was not served with the originating claim.

12 On 25 August 2022, COSCO Shipping filed an application for, among others,
the grant of a limitation decree in HC/SUM 3219/2022 (“SUM 3219”). SUM 3219
was scheduled to be heard by this court on 12 October 2022. However, OKI filed
a notice of intention to contest on 11 October 2022. At the hearing of SUM
3219 on 12 October, Mr Chan Leng Sun SC (“Mr Chan”) appeared as instructed
counsel for OKI and stated for the record that OKI was challenging the court’s
jurisdiction in this limitation action. At Mr Chan’s request (and after
hearing COSCO Shipping’s objections), I adjourned SUM 3219 to allow OKI time
to formulate its reliefs.

13 OKI subsequently filed the present application, HC/SUM 4238/2022 (“SUM
4238”), seeking, among others, declarations that: (a) the Singapore courts
have no jurisdiction to hear this action; and (b) COSCO Europe is not a proper
defendant in the action and should be removed from it. On the first issue of
jurisdiction, OKI contends that the service of the originating claim on COSCO
Europe’s Singapore solicitors was invalid. The result, OKI argues, is that the
requirements for service on a named defendant have not been met and the court
therefore has no jurisdiction. On the second issue of COSCO Europe’s status as
a named defendant, OKI contends that COSCO Europe is not a “proper” defendant
in the limitation action because its claims against COSCO Shipping are not
genuine. Unsurprisingly, the COSCO entities deny OKI’s contentions. These two
issues form the core of OKI’s application in SUM 4238. I should add that while
OKI had also sought a declaration that the originating claim had not been
served on it, Mr Chan sought permission to withdraw that prayer since it was
not disputed that the originating claim had not been served on OKI. As that
prayer of the application was superfluous, I granted OKI permission to
withdraw it and reserved all questions of costs occasioned by the withdrawal
to be dealt with later.

14 I would also mention that since the filing of SUM 4238, arbitration
proceedings have been commenced and are currently afoot in Singapore between
COSCO Shipping and COSCO Europe, with each entity raising claims against the
other in connection with the Incident. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

2nd Affidavit of Li Jianzhong dated 20 January 2023 at paras 69–72.

I elaborate on this development later in this judgment.

OKI’s standing to challenge the court’s jurisdiction

15 Before addressing the two core issues I identified at [13], I note as a
preliminary point that the COSCO entities have, in their written submissions
and through their counsel at the hearing, questioned OKI’s standing to make
this application. They contend that OKI, as a party which has not been served
with the originating claim and which continues to deny the court’s
jurisdiction, is in no position to challenge the validity of service on
another defendant (ie, COSCO Europe) which has not raised such issues itself.
9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Claimant’s Reply Submissions at para 53.

They question whether OKI is even permitted under the ROC 2021 to file a
notice of intention to contest if it has not been served with the originating
claim.

16 On the other hand, Mr Chan argued at the hearing that OKI is a named
defendant in the limitation action and should be entitled to address the court
before the grant of any limitation decree which will affect its rights.

17 There appears to be some uncertainty as to whether a notice of intention to
contest can be filed by a party who has not been served with the originating
process. Counsel for COSCO Shipping, Mr Toh Kian Sing SC (“Mr Toh”), argued at
the hearing that the rules in O 33 r 2(4) to O 33 r 2(7) of the ROC 2021
contemplate that a notice of intention to contest may only be filed by a
defendant who has been served:

Issue of originating claim and filing of notice of intention to contest or not
contest (O. 33, r. 2)

2.—(1) …

…

(4) A defendant who is served an originating claim in Singapore must file and
serve a notice of intention to contest or not contest within 14 days after the
originating claim is served on the defendant.

(5) A defendant who is served out of Singapore must file and serve such a
notice within 21 days after the originating claim is served on the defendant.

(6) The notice of intention to contest or not contest the originating claim
must be in Form 49.

(7) The filing and service of such a notice is not treated as a submission to
jurisdiction or a waiver of any improper service of the originating claim.

[emphasis added]

However, Mr Chan pointed out that the above provisions only state that a
notice of intention to contest must be filed if one has been served with the
originating claim. They do not state that a party who has not been served
cannot file a notice of intention to contest.

18 Mr Chan highlighted a different provision – O 33 r 40(1)(b) – which
contemplates that after a limitation decree has been granted, a named
defendant which has not been served with proceedings can file a notice of
intention to contest and apply to set aside the decree:

Limitation action: Proceedings to set aside decree (O. 33, r. 40)

40.—(1) Where a decree limiting the claimant’s liability (whether made by a
Registrar or on the trial of the action) fixes a time in accordance with Rule
39(2), any person with a claim against the claimant in respect of the casualty
to which the action relates, who —

(a) was not named by that person’s name in the originating claim as a
defendant to the action; or

(b) if so named, neither was served with the originating claim nor filed and
served a notice of intention to contest or not contest,

may, within that time, after filing and serving a notice of intention to
contest or not contest, take out a summons before the Registrar asking that
the decree be set aside.

[emphasis added]

19 Mr Chan also highlighted to me that the previous rule permitting the
entering of an appearance gratis in O 10 r 1(3) of the Rules of Court (2014
Rev Ed) (“ROC 2014”) does not have an equivalent in the ROC 2021.

20 Interesting as this question was, given that I ultimately disagree with OKI
on the merits of its application for reasons which are elaborated upon below,
I do not find it necessary to decide this point. For present purposes, I will
proceed on the assumption that OKI does have standing to make this
application.

The First Issue: Whether COSCO Europe was validly served with the originating
claim

21 I therefore turn to the first core issue relating to the validity of
service on COSCO Europe. As I mentioned at [11], the originating claim was
served by email on COSCO Europe’s Singapore solicitors, JLex, on 5 August
2022, pursuant to JLex’s confirmation to COSCO Shipping’s solicitors that they
had the authority to accept service on COSCO Europe’s behalf. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

2nd Affidavit of Li Jianzhong dated 20 January 2023 at para 77.

COSCO Europe also confirms that it agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the
court.

22 OKI contends that this service was invalid because COSCO Europe is a
foreign defendant, with the consequence that service could not be validly
effected on COSCO Europe until the court’s permission to serve them out of
jurisdiction was obtained pursuant to O 8 r 1 read with O 33 r 3 of the ROC
2021. No such application for the court’s permission was made. OKI argues that
it is no answer to say that COSCO Europe agreed to be served via its Singapore
solicitors. This is because service on solicitors is merely a mode of service
which may be considered only after the court grants permission for the
originating process to be served out of jurisdiction; it is not a device to
bypass the court’s permission entirely. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

OKI’s Written Submissions at paras 23–25; OKI’s Response Submissions at para
9.

23 OKI’s submission on this issue is founded upon the premise that a foreign
defendant can only be served with proceedings under O 8, ie only with the
court’s permission. In my judgment, this premise is misconceived.

Establishment of jurisdiction by service

24 The starting point is to consider the role and purpose of service of
originating processes or court documents. This is concisely summarised as
follows in Singapore Rules of Court – A Practice Guide (2023 Edition) (Chua
Lee Ming gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2023) (“Singapore Rules of Court – A
Practice Guide”) at para 07.002:

Service is the formal transmission or delivery of court documents to another
person. It is the means by which parties are notified of the start and
progress of court proceedings. In particular, the service of originating
processes is used to establish the jurisdiction of the courts.

The purpose of service is described in similar terms in Jeffrey Pinsler,
Singapore Civil Practice (LexisNexis, 2022) at para 9-1:

Service has certain fundamental purposes. It communicates or gives notice of
the document or a process (such as an application) so that the party served
may address the matter, respond and state his position (if he wishes to do
so). In the case of an originating process, service is a primary basis for
establishing the jurisdiction of the court.

25 It is clear from the above that there are two core functions to the service
of originating processes or court documents. The first is to ensure that the
party served has notice of a particular proceeding or document. The second and
more material function for present purposes is that service of an originating
process is one of the main (or primary) avenues to establish the civil
jurisdiction of the court over a matter. This is enshrined in s 16(1)(a) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969 (2020 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”), which
provides for the establishment of the civil jurisdiction of the General
Division of the High Court by service in Singapore (under s 16(1)(a)(i)) and
service outside Singapore (under s 16(1)(a)(ii)), with such service to be in
the manner prescribed by, among others, the Rules of Court:

Civil jurisdiction — general

16.—(1) The General Division has jurisdiction to hear and try any action in
personam where —

(a) the defendant is served with an originating claim or any other originating
process —

(i) in Singapore in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court or Family Justice
Rules; or

(ii) outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court or Family Justice Rules; or

…

[emphasis added]

26 In accordance with ss 16(1)(a)(i) and 16(1)(a)(ii), the ROC 2021
establishes rules for service of proceedings in O 7 and O 8, which are titled
“Service in Singapore” and “Service Out of Singapore” respectively. COSCO
Shipping points out in its written submissions that the key factor determining
which of the two orders applies is not whether the defendant is a Singapore-
based or foreign defendant per se, but where the act of service is effected –
in Singapore, or out of Singapore. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Claimant’s Reply Submissions at para 11.

I agree.

27 Firstly, this distinction is evident from the plain words of the ROC 2021.
The respective titles of O 7 and O 8 (see [26] above) provide an indication
that the distinction between the two orders is the location of service. But
even putting the titles aside, there is in any case no basis, on the wording
of the rules, to suggest that the distinction between the two revolves around
whether the defendant to be served is, for example, resident or incorporated
in Singapore or a foreign defendant. I will focus on O 7 since this forms the
core of the dispute between the parties.

28 A plain reading of the rules in O 7 does not suggest any restriction in the
ambit of the order to Singapore-based defendants only. By way of illustration,
O 7 r 2(1) provides as follows as to how personal service can be effected in
Singapore:

Personal service (O. 7, r. 2)

2.—(1) Personal service of a document is effected —

(a) on a natural person by leaving a copy of the document with that person, or
the person’s agent if that person is an overseas principal under Rule 4;

(b) on any entity by leaving a copy of the document with the chairperson or
president of the entity, or the secretary, treasurer or other officer;

(c) on any person or entity according to the requirements of any written law;
or

(d) in any manner agreed with the person or the entity to be served.

[emphasis added]

29 O 7 r 2(1)(a) expressly provides that personal service may be effected on a
natural person who is an overseas principal via service on his agent in
Singapore. An overseas principal is defined in O 7 r 4(1)(a) as “a principal
who does not reside within or is absent from Singapore”, or in other words, a
foreign defendant. While O 7 r 4(1) provides that a claimant must seek the
court’s permission to serve proceedings in this manner, the inquiry under that
rule is not focused on the permissibility of service out of jurisdiction (as
is the case under O 8), but on the authority of the agent. This is affirmed in
Singapore Rules of Court – A Practice Guide at para 07.024:

The effect of rule 4(1) is to allow an agent or manager to be served in
Singapore without having to obtain approval for service outside Singapore
under Order 8, so long as the conditions of rule 4(1) are satisfied. …

[emphasis added]

30 Similarly, O 7 r 2(1)(b) and O 7 r 2(1)(c) provide for service on “any
entity” and “any person or entity” respectively, with no qualification or
suggestion that these refer only to entities or persons resident in Singapore.

31 Therefore, on a plain reading of the relevant provisions, there is no basis
for OKI’s contention that only Singapore-based entities or persons can be
served in Singapore under O 7.

32 Secondly, OKI’s interpretation would also not be in accordance with the
Ideals of the ROC 2021, particularly those of expeditious proceedings and
efficient use of court resources under O 3 r 1(2)(b) and O 3 r 1(2)(d). On
OKI’s case, it is not enough that a foreign defendant such as COSCO Europe has
agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts and to accept
service of proceedings in Singapore through its local solicitors. A claimant
would nonetheless have to apply for the court’s permission to serve the
originating process out of jurisdiction and upon permission being granted, to
then effect service in Singapore on the solicitors based on their agreement to
accept service. On OKI’s case, judicial time and resources will have to be
expended to schedule a hearing for the grant of permission in circumstances
where such an application is entirely otiose and unnecessary. To seek the
court’s permission to serve an originating process out of jurisdiction on a
foreign defendant who has already expressed that it is ready and willing to
submit to the court’s jurisdiction and accept service of process in Singapore
via its solicitors is, with respect, pushing an open door. An interpretation
of the rules which produces such an absurd outcome cannot be correct.

33 Thirdly, there is well-established precedent in the form of our courts
accepting that service on Singapore solicitors constituted service in
Singapore. Mr Toh referred to two cases to make the point. The first is the
Court of Appeal’s decision in Shanghai Turbo Enterprises Ltd v Liu Ming [2019]
1 SLR 779 (“Shanghai Turbo”). In this case, the claimant had obtained leave to
serve an originating process out of jurisdiction on its former employee (the
“Service Order”), one Mr Liu Ming, pursuant to O 11 of the ROC 2014 (now O 8
of the ROC 2021). Mr Liu later applied successfully to set aside the Service
Order in the High Court. The claimant then appealed to the Court of Appeal.
While the appeal was focused primarily on the merits of the Service Order, the
Court of Appeal noted that the originating process had in fact been served on
Mr Liu’s solicitors in Singapore after they informed the claimant’s solicitors
that they had instructions to accept service on Mr Liu’s behalf. Accordingly,
the Court of Appeal observed that Mr Liu had effectively been served in
Singapore under O 10 of the ROC 2014 (now O 7 of the ROC 2021) (Shanghai Turbo
at [24]):

24 … The writ of summons and statement of claim were accordingly served on Mr
Liu at his solicitors’ offices in Singapore on 14 March 2018. This meant that
the originating process was served within jurisdiction pursuant to O 10 of the
ROC, and not out of jurisdiction pursuant to the Service Order made under O
11. The Service Order was therefore essentially redundant, and so was the
application to set it aside. However, given that the parties did not raise
this point before us, we went on to consider the appeal on its merits.

[emphasis added]

34 The next case is N M Rothschild & Sons (S) Pte Ltd v Plaza Rakyat Sdn Bhd
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 565 (“Rothschild”), which involved a defendant who was
initially served in Malaysia pursuant to an order of court granting leave to
serve proceedings outside Singapore. Kan Ting Chiu J held that the service in
Malaysia was defective, but that the defendant had nonetheless submitted to
the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts by virtue of his solicitors accepting
service in Singapore subsequently (Rothschild at [9]–[10]):

9 On these facts, the writ was not served outside Singapore. The attempt to
serve them in Malaysia was bad because there were no Malay translations of the
documents. The effective service was the service on Harry Elias & Partners
without the Malay translations. Whether there was a failure to make proper
disclosures in the application for leave to serve in Malaysia, and regardless
whether the order granting leave should be set aside, service was eventually
effected in Singapore without reliance on the order.

10 By accepting service in Singapore, the defendant had submitted to this
court’s jurisdiction …

[emphasis added]

35 On the other hand, OKI raises several authorities which it argues supports
the contrary position that the court’s permission is required to serve
proceedings on a foreign defendant in all instances. First, reliance is placed
on the following statement from the Court of Appeal in Burgundy Global
Exploration Corp v Transocean Offshore International Ventures Ltd and another
appeal [2014] 3 SLR 381 (“Burgundy”) at [93], which OKI submits establishes
that the focus is on “the presence of the defendant in Singapore, not the act
of service”: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

OKI’s Response Submissions at paras 11.1–11.2.

93 Indeed, in our judgment, service is the crucial act that engages the
court’s jurisdiction over a foreign person. As a matter of Singapore law,
personal jurisdiction may be found when the putative defendant is physically
within the jurisdiction at the time the writ is served on him (see s 16(1) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)) or when the
requirements stipulated in O 11 of the ROC have been met and leave has been
given for a writ to be served on a defendant not physically within the
confines of Singapore. …

[emphasis added]

36 With respect, I disagree that the passage above from Burgundy supports
OKI’s case. In fact, the very proposition that OKI cites the case for does not
seem logical – the presence of the defendant in Singapore is important,
because it determines where the act of service can physically take place, not
as a matter of law but as a matter of reality. In the passage quoted in [35],
the Court of Appeal is clearly focused on the physical act of service. In the
first situation envisioned in this passage, the act of service occurs in
Singapore, because “the putative defendant is physically within the
jurisdiction at the time the writ is served on him”. In the second situation
envisioned by the Court of Appeal, permission to serve outside Singapore is
required because the defendant is not physically in Singapore. Thus, the focus
of this passage is on where the act of service may occur, and not whether the
defendant is Singapore-based or foreign. This is made even clearer in the next
paragraph of the judgment, where the Court of Appeal recognises that even
foreign persons who are in Singapore temporarily can be served in Singapore:

94 To hold that there is an absolute prohibition on the issuance of EJD orders
against foreign officers would go too far because it is entirely conceivable
for such an order to be served within the jurisdiction when the officer comes
to Singapore for a temporary visit. …

[emphasis added]

37 While the discussion above is in the context of personal service on
individuals, I do not see how the position can be any different for personal
service on entities such as COSCO Europe. True enough, a foreign-incorporated
company cannot be said to be “physically present” in Singapore in the same way
an individual can, but that is why O 7 r 2 of the ROC 2021 exists – to provide
for how personal service may be effected on entities. In that regard, personal
service may be effected in Singapore on a foreign company under O 7 r 2(1)(b)
if the company’s chairman is served while he is in Singapore, or indeed under
O 7 r 2(1)(d) if local solicitors agree to accept service on the foreign
company’s behalf.

38 OKI further relies on the following passage from Siemens AG v Holdrich
Investment Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 1007 (“Siemens”) for the same proposition that it
is the location of the defendant which is key: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

OKI’s Response Submissions at paras 11.4–11.5.

7 However, in recognition of the primarily territorial nature of the court’s
jurisdiction, the court begins with the location of the defendant when it
decides whether it has jurisdiction over a dispute – thus, jurisdiction over a
defendant who is within the territory is as of right, while jurisdiction over
a defendant who is outside the territory is discretionary. …

As with Burgundy, this passage does not advance OKI’s case. There is no
dispute that the physical location of the defendant is important because that
is the primary factor in determining where the act of service can physically
take place, as a matter of reality. That in turn informs the inquiry on
whether the court’s permission is required. One would expect, in general, that
a defendant based overseas will have to be physically served overseas, but
again there is nothing in law preventing such a defendant from being served in
Singapore under the avenues in O 7 r 2 (if they are available).

39 Significantly, Mr Chan did not submit on behalf of OKI at the hearing that
Shanghai Turbo and Rothschild were wrong in principle. These cases make clear
the well-established position, across various iterations of the Rules of
Court, that a defendant (even one based outside Singapore) is deemed to be
served in Singapore if he accepts service through his solicitors in Singapore.
I note however that Mr Chan cautioned, at certain points in the hearing,
against relying on cases decided under prior versions of the rules before the
ROC 2021. Yet, OKI relies on Burgundy and Siemens, which are also cases
decided before the introduction of the ROC 2021, to support its arguments.

40 In my view, the position expressed in Shanghai Turbo and Rothschild has not
changed under the ROC 2021. Importantly, no authority has been cited to me to
suggest that the ROC 2021 departs from this orthodox and well-established
position. At the very least, no indication of any such intention is found in
the Civil Justice Commission Report (29 December 2017) (Chairman: Justice Tay
Yong Kwang). The result is that a defendant based overseas can be served in
Singapore under O 7 r 2(1)(d) of the ROC 2021 in a “manner agreed with the
person or entity to be served”, which can include effecting service through
the defendant’s solicitors in Singapore. I therefore find that COSCO Europe
was validly served with the originating claim in Singapore through the service
effected on its solicitors, JLex. That is sufficient, pursuant to s
16(1)(a)(i) of the SCJA, to clothe the court with jurisdiction to hear this
action. Consequently, there is no need to consider OKI’s submissions on
whether such service was valid under O 8 r 1 read with O 33 r 3.

Establishment of jurisdiction by submission

41 Regardless of whether COSCO Europe was validly served with the originating
claim, I find that COSCO Europe has submitted to the jurisdiction of this
court. There is nothing objectionable to this as a matter of principle. As I
had prefaced earlier, service is one of the main avenues by which the court’s
jurisdiction is established (see [24]–[25] above), but it is by no means the
only avenue. Sections 16(1)(b) and 16(2) of the SCJA provide as follows:

Civil jurisdiction — general

16.—(1) The General Division has jurisdiction to hear and try any action in
personam where —

…

(b) the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of the General Division.

(2) Without limiting subsection (1), the General Division has such
jurisdiction as is vested in it by any other written law.

[emphasis added]

42 Thus, even if a defendant has not been served in accordance with s16(1)(a),
the court’s jurisdiction may nonetheless be established under s16(1)(b) by
that defendant’s submission to the court’s jurisdiction. Whether a defendant
has in fact submitted to jurisdiction would depend on whether its conduct
demonstrates an unequivocal, clear and consistent intention to submit to the
jurisdiction of the court. That is a question of fact in every case (Shanghai
Turbo at [37]).

43 In this case, COSCO Europe has clearly submitted to the jurisdiction of
this court, by, among others, authorising its solicitors to accept service on
its behalf and by its solicitors’ unqualified confirmation that they were
authorised to accept service on COSCO Europe’s behalf, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Claimant’s Reply Submissions at paras 36 – 39 and footnote 89.

as confirmed in its written submissions for the hearing of SUM 4238 and as
reaffirmed by its counsel, Mr Joseph Tan (“Mr Tan”), at the hearing before me.
Pursuant to that submission to jurisdiction, the court’s jurisdiction has also
been established under s 16(1)(b) of the SCJA, and this remains the case
regardless of the status of the validity of service on COSCO Europe pursuant
to s 16(1)(a)(i) of the SCJA.

The Second Issue: Whether COSCO Europe is a “proper” defendant to the
limitation action

44 I turn to the second core issue raised by OKI – that COSCO Europe is not a
“proper” defendant to the limitation action because its claims against COSCO
Shipping are not genuine.

45 OKI submits that while a claim of a named defendant in a limitation action
need not be certain or proven at the commencement of limitation proceedings,
there must still be a threshold to be crossed before a defendant may be
considered a person “with claims against the claimant in respect of the
casualty” within the meaning of O 33 r 36(2) of the ROC 2021. It acknowledges
that there is no indication of what this threshold should be on the plain
words of O 33 r 36, but submits that the claim must be a genuine claim, and
not one which is completely non-existent or spurious. OKI also submits that
such a claim should not be one which is brought for the purpose of
circumventing other requirements necessary for the institution of limitation
proceedings. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

OKI’s Written Submissions at paras 49–51.

On OKI’s case, COSCO Europe’s claims against COSCO Shipping are not genuine,
and COSCO Europe should therefore be removed as a defendant in this limitation
action. As I understand OKI’s submission, it takes the position that removing
COSCO Europe as a defendant would mean that the court would, as a consequence
of that removal, have no jurisdiction to hear this action.

The standard of review at the commencement of a limitation action

46 The first and perhaps threshold question is whether a court must, at the
stage of the commencement of a limitation action by a shipowner, conduct any
review of the merits of a named defendant’s claim or potential claim against
that shipowner. COSCO Shipping submits that there should be no merits review
at this stage of the proceedings. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions at para 63.

However, even if there is to be such a review, COSCO Shipping argues that the
threshold should be low – one that should require no more than a consideration
of whether the claims against the shipowner are fanciful or illusory. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions at para 64.

At the hearing, Mr Chan also agreed with this standard of review.

47 Some background to this purported standard is apt in order to place the
arguments advanced in context. The language is drawn from the English High
Court decision of Caspian Basin Specialised Emergency Salvage Administration
and another v Bouygues Offshore SA and others (No 4) [1997] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 507
(“Caspian”). This case arose out of limitation actions commenced in England
following the total loss of a barge under tow by a tug off Cape Town, South
Africa. The owners of the lost barge applied to stay the English limitation
action commenced by the tug owner pending the outcome of liability proceedings
against them in South Africa. However, the limitation action had been
commenced not only against the barge owners but also against several other
claimants. This presented a problem for the barge owners because of the
principle laid down in an earlier English decision in The Falstria [1988] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 495 at 498 – that a limitation action brought against several
claimants cannot be stayed at the instance of only one of those claimants. In
order to get around this difficulty, counsel for the barge owners contended
that the claims of those other claimants were “fanciful or illusory” (Caspian
at p 527), such that the barge owners were the only “real” claimant. It was in
this context that the English High Court proceeded to analyse whether the
claims were indeed fanciful or illusory.

48 Given the specific context in which the language of “fanciful or illusory”
was used, I do not read Caspian as setting out any general standard of review
of the claims of limitation action defendants at the commencement of a
limitation action by a shipowner.

49 Returning to the words of O 33 r 36(2) of the ROC 2021, which I set out
below, it is quite apparent that no indication of such a merits review can be
found within the language of the provision itself:

The claimant must make one of the persons with claims against the claimant in
respect of the casualty to which the action relates defendant to the action,
and may make all or any of the others defendants also.

50 All that is required is that the claimant must name as defendant one of the
persons “with claims against the claimant in respect of the casualty to which
the action relates”. To my mind, if these words do entail any review, it is
not of the merits of the claim, but of the nature of the claim. At the
minimum, a court would need to be satisfied as to whether the defendant’s
claim against the claimant is one which is even subject to limitation of
liability at all, ie, a claim falling within the categories of claims
enumerated in Art 2 of the LLMC 1976. Art 2 provides as follows:

1\. Subject to Articles 3 and 4, the following claims, whatever the basis of
liability may be, shall be subject to limitation of liability:

(a) claims in respect of loss of life or personal injury or loss of or damage
to property (including damage to harbour works, basins and waterways and aids
to navigation), occurring on board or in direct connection with the operation
of the ship or with salvage operations, and consequential loss resulting
therefrom;

(b) claims in respect of loss resulting from delay in the carriage by sea of
cargo, passengers or their luggage;

(c) claims in respect of other loss resulting from infringement of rights
other than contractual rights, occurring in direct connection with the
operation of the ship or salvage operations;

(d) claims in respect of the raising, removal, destruction or the rendering
harmless of a ship which is sunk, wrecked, stranded or abandoned, including
anything that is or has been on board such ship;

(e) claims in respect of the removal, destruction or the rendering harmless of
the cargo of the ship;

(f) claims of a person other than the person liable in respect of measures
taken in order to avert or minimise loss for which the person liable may limit
his liability in accordance with this Convention, and further loss caused by
such measures.

2\. Claims set out in paragraph 1 shall be subject to limitation of liability
even if brought by way of recourse or for indemnity under a contract or
otherwise. However, claims set out under paragraph 1(d), (e) and (f) shall not
be subject to limitation of liability to the extent that they relate to
remuneration under a contract with the person liable.

51 To take an extreme example, a claim for defamation will not be regarded as
a “claim” under O 33 r 36(2), however meritorious it may be, simply because it
is not a claim that falls within Art 2 of the LLMC 1976. To take a less
extreme example, a claim for wreck removal (which is a limitable claim under
Art 2(1)(d) of the LLMC 1976) does not have the force of law in Singapore by
virtue of the language of s 136(1) of the MSA 1995 (see [3] above). Without
arriving at any definitive determinations in this regard, it is arguable that
such a claim would also not fall within the ambit of “claims” in O 33 r 36(2)
of the ROC 2021 because it is not a claim subject to limitation of liability
under Singapore law. In my view, the question is therefore more one of
characterisation of the claim as opposed to a review (however cursory) of its
merits.

52 However, even so, the question remains – when should this review take
place? In so far as Mr Chan contends that a review should be undertaken by the
court at the time the limitation action is commenced, I disagree. For one,
there is no mechanism by which the court can or should, at the time the
originating claim is filed, assess if the claim of a named defendant in the
limitation action is fanciful or illusory. Similarly, it is also untenable to
require the court in a limitation action, on the basis of affidavit evidence
and in the context of a jurisdictional challenge by one named defendant, to
decide whether a particular claim of another named defendant against the
claimant shipowner is fanciful or illusory. More broadly, it bears repeating
that in a limitation action, the court is not concerned with the liability of
the shipowner (see [4] above). The court is only concerned with whether the
shipowner seeking to limit its liability, if any, has met the legal
requirements under the LLMC 1976 and the procedural requirements under O 33 of
the ROC 2021 for a limitation decree to be granted by the court. As I
mentioned at [6], a shipowner might not even know of the existence of all the
parties with claims against it following a maritime casualty. It would, in my
view, be unprincipled to hold that with regard to the named defendants in a
limitation action, the court is required (at the commencement of the
limitation action) to conduct some form of review of the legitimacy of their
claim(s) against the shipowner, but not in respect of claims by the
generically described defendants in the limitation action whose identities or
existence may not even be known to the shipowner when the limitation action is
commenced.

53 The conclusions I have arrived at in [50] do not mean, however, that a
claimant shipowner in a limitation action has free reign to circumvent the
service or any potential jurisdictional requirements by naming a defendant
whose claims are plainly fictitious. In my view, while the words of O 33 r 36
do not import any requirement to review the merits of a named defendant’s
claim, the court nonetheless retains an inherent discretionary power to strike
out proceedings which amount to an abuse of its process. By “proceedings”, I
refer to the limitation action itself. However, given the “special” nature of
a limitation action (see [4] – [5]), it is not for the court at the
commencement of a limitation action, or even in the context of a
jurisdictional challenge within the limitation action, to effectively strike
out one limitation action defendant’s claim against a shipowner (the
determination of which is for a different forum) at the behest of another
limitation defendant – I do not think that the court’s inherent power extends
that far.

54 The categories of proceedings amounting to an abuse of process were set out
by VK Rajah J (as he then was) in Chee Siok Chin and others v Minister for
Home Affairs and another [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 (“Chee Siok Chin”) at [34]:

34 The instances of abuse of process can therefore be systematically
classified into four categories, viz:

(a) proceedings which involve a deception on the court, or are fictitious or
constitute a mere sham;

(b) proceedings where the process of the court is not being fairly or honestly
used but is employed for some ulterior or improper purpose or in an improper
way;

(c) proceedings which are manifestly groundless or without foundation or which
serve no useful purpose;

(d) multiple or successive proceedings which cause or are likely to cause
improper vexation or oppression.

[emphasis in original omitted]

55 However, this power is not to be exercised by the court on the basis of a
mere allegation of abuse by one party. It is axiomatic that the power to
strike out proceedings should only be exercised in plain and obvious cases
(Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others [1997]
3 SLR(R) 649 at [18]).

Analysis

56 As a starting point, I do not think it can be seriously disputed that, at
least on its face, COSCO Europe is a party with claims against COSCO Shipping
which fall within Art 2 of the LLMC 1976. These include claims relating to
unseaworthiness of the Vessel under the Hague-Visby Rules, delay, negligent
navigation, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1st Affidavit of Jun Hu dated 3 March 2023 at paras 33–45.

as well as claims for an indemnity against losses arising from the Incident
and/or against COSCO Europe’s liability for claims made by OKI. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

2nd Affidavit of Li Jianzhong dated 20 January 2023, Tab 13, at pp 273–274
(Para 11(b) of Response to Notice of Arbitration).

57 The focus is therefore on whether this limitation action is a plain and
obvious case of an abuse of process on the part of COSCO Shipping (and
possibly COSCO Europe as well). It is at this point that a significant
difficulty arises with OKI’s case. While Mr Chan argued at the hearing that
COSCO Shipping is seeking to drag OKI into these proceedings and invoking the
court’s jurisdiction in a “cynical” manner, he did not contend that there was
an abuse of process on COSCO Shipping’s part. However, that is problematic
because without a submission to the effect that there is an abuse of process,
the foundation of OKI’s attempt to challenge the commencement and prosecution
of this limitation action effectively falls away entirely.

58 In any case, I do not find this limitation action to be a plain and obvious
case of an abuse of process, with reference to the categories identified in
Chee Siok Chin. The first and fourth categories can be dealt with summarily.
Firstly, OKI does not submit that the COSCO entities are, with a common
intention, deceiving the court by way of sham arbitration proceedings between
them, nor does OKI submit that this limitation action is itself a sham.
Secondly, this is not a case involving multiple or successive proceedings
which are likely to cause improper vexation or oppression. That leaves the
second and third categories in Chee Siok Chin, which require the court to be
satisfied either that the process of the court is not being fairly or honestly
used but is employed for some ulterior or improper purpose or in an improper
way, or that this limitation action is manifestly groundless or without
foundation or serves no useful purpose. With respect to these two categories,
I am prepared to assume (without deciding the point) that the court may have
regard to the fact that the named defendant’s claims against the shipowner are
alleged to be not genuine, in the sense that they are fanciful or illusory.
But even on this assumed basis, I cannot find that COSCO Europe’s claims
against COSCO Shipping are fanciful or illusory.

59 First, before examining COSCO Europe’s claims, I address a preliminary
point raised by Mr Chan in his oral submissions. Mr Chan contended that the
court should not take into consideration the fact that arbitration proceedings
are underway between the COSCO entities, in which COSCO Europe has raised
various claims against COSCO Shipping. Mr Chan’s submission is not that the
arbitration proceedings are a sham as he is not prepared to go that far.
Instead, Mr Chan argues that the arbitration proceedings cannot be used to
undermine the court’s jurisdiction and power to decide this issue – ie,
whether the claim by COSCO Europe is fanciful or illusory. I do not agree with
Mr Chan’s contention that the fact that claims have been raised in arbitration
proceedings (or in other courts for that matter) are irrelevant or should be
disregarded by the court. If the court is to examine whether a limitation
action defendant’s claims are fanciful or illusory, the court surely cannot
ignore the fact that the defendant in the limitation action has, for example,
taken positive steps to enforce those claims in arbitration proceedings
against the shipowner (including by participating in the appointment of the
arbitral tribunal). The existence of the arbitration proceedings between the
COSCO entities is, in my view, undoubtedly a relevant factor for the court’s
consideration, as is the fact that OKI does not assert that those arbitration
proceedings are a sham.

60 Turning to the substance of the claims themselves, OKI argues that some of
COSCO Europe’s claims (eg, for breach of duties under the Hague-Visby Rules,
negligent navigation and delay among others) are effectively dud claims
because such claims are precluded by certain exclusion of liability clauses in
the Head COA. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

OKI’s Written Submissions at paras 56–64.

Even if I accept that argument, that does not address COSCO Europe’s remaining
claims, including its claim for an indemnity in respect of its losses arising
from the Incident and in respect of COSCO Europe’s liability for claims made
by OKI (see [56] above). Mr Tan for COSCO Europe highlights that while OKI has
not as yet brought any claim against COSCO Europe, it has also not waived its
rights to make such a claim. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

COSCO Europe’s Written Submissions at para 41.

That remained the position at the hearing before me. Consequently, COSCO
Europe’s liability to OKI remains a live (as opposed to a theoretical)
possibility, and the same must go for COSCO Europe’s consequent indemnity
claims up the charter chain against COSCO Shipping. Art 2(2) of the LLMC 1976
makes it clear that the claims in Art 2(1) may be subject to limitation of
liability “even if brought by way of recourse or for indemnity under a
contract or otherwise.” Accordingly, I do not accept Mr Chan’s submission that
COSCO Europe’s claim against COSCO Shipping for an indemnity is a fanciful or
illusory one. Nor am I persuaded that the bringing and prosecution of this
limitation action amounts to an abuse of process by COSCO Shipping within the
ambit of the second and third categories in Chee Siok Chin.

61 To summarise my analysis and conclusion on this issue, this is not a plain
and obvious case of an abuse of process by COSCO Shipping in its commencement
and prosecution of this limitation action. OKI itself does not contend that it
is. On an examination of the relevant circumstances, including the fact of the
arbitration proceedings currently afoot between the COSCO entities, COSCO
Europe’s claims against COSCO Shipping cannot be said to be fanciful or
illusory such as to render this action an abuse of process. There is
accordingly no basis for OKI’s complaint that COSCO Europe is not a “proper”
defendant and should be removed from the limitation action.

OKI’s submission to jurisdiction

62 For completeness, I turn now to address COSCO Shipping’s submission that
OKI has, by its own conduct, either agreed to submit or has submitted to this
court’s jurisdiction such that the originating claim has been deemed to be
served on it. On this point, COSCO Shipping relies on OKI’s acts of, among
others, filing a notice of intention to contest and making this application to
remove COSCO Europe as a defendant. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions at paras 118–123.

63 Given the conclusions I have reached above on the validity of service on
COSCO Europe, COSCO Europe’s submission to jurisdiction and OKI’s failure to
argue or demonstrate an abuse of process, it is not necessary for me to decide
if OKI has submitted to the court’s jurisdiction. Under O 33 r 36(4) of the
ROC 2021, only one named defendant needs to be served with the originating
claim, and that has been complied with by the service of the originating claim
on COSCO Europe’s solicitors in Singapore. In my judgment, there is no doubt
that the court has jurisdiction over this limitation action, and it is
accordingly unnecessary to decide whether such jurisdiction can also be
established by OKI’s own alleged submission to jurisdiction.

Conclusion

64 For the reasons detailed in this judgment, I dismiss SUM 4238. I shall hear
the parties separately on costs.

S Mohan  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Toh Kian Sing SC, Dedi Affandi Bin Ahmad, Li Kun Hang and Koh Xu Min Rebecca
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the claimant;

Chan Leng Sun SC (Chan Leng Sun LLC) (instructed), Chong Ik Wei, Leong Lu Yuan
(Liang Luyuan), Dawn Tan Si Jie and Teo Wei Lin Elizabeth (Clasis LLC) for the
first defendant;

Tan Wee Kong and Poh Ying Ying Joanna (JLex LLC) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 22 May 2023 (11:22 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

