Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 234

Originating Claim No 158 of 2022 (Summons No 3376 of 2022)

Between

| Leong Quee Ching Karen  
---|---  
  
… Claimant

And

(1) | Lim Soon Huat  
---|---  
(2) | Lim Soon Heng  
(3) | Lim Kim Chong Investments Pte Ltd  
(4) | Sin Soon Lee Realty Company (Private) Limited  
(5) | Lim Yong Yeow, Thomas  
(6) | Seng Lee Holdings Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

JUdgment

[Civil Procedure — Privileges — Without prejudice privilege]

[Civil Procedure — Privileges — Waiver]

[Civil Procedure — Privileges — Muller exception]

[Abuse of Process — Inconsistent positions — Non approbation and reprobation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Leong Quee Ching Karen

  
v

  

Lim Soon Huat and others

[2023] SGHC 234

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 158 of 2022 (Summons
No 3376 of 2022)  
Goh Yihan JC  
20 June 2023

23 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 The claimant, Ms Leong Quee Ching Karen, is a minority shareholder of the
sixth defendant, Seng Lee Holdings Pte Ltd (“SLH”). The claimant commenced
HC/OC 158/2022 (“OC 158”) against the majority shareholders of SLH for alleged
minority oppression. As part of OC 158, the claimant applied in HC/SUM
2781/2022 (“SUM 2781”) for an interlocutory injunction to restrain the
majority shareholders from transferring certain properties out of the
ownership of SLH. The majority shareholders filed affidavits to oppose SUM
2781 and introduced email correspondence therein, which the claimant alleges
is protected by “without prejudice” privilege (the “Emails”). Therefore, again
as part of OC 158, the claimant has taken out the present application to
strike out: (a) these Emails which were exhibited in the affidavits; and (b)
the relevant paragraphs in the affidavits.

2 Having taken some time to carefully consider the parties’ submissions, I
allow the claimant’s application to strike out all the Emails, save for the
last email from Mr Robert Wee (“Mr Wee”) sent on 9 November 2020 at 4.42pm. I
provide the reasons for my decision in this judgment.

Background facts

The background to the parties’ dispute

3 The dispute in OC 158 arose out of the conduct of the majority shareholders
in SLH. The late Dato Lim Kim Chong (“Dato Lim”) set up SLH to hold assets
that he wished to distribute for the benefit of certain members of his family.
The claimant is one of Dato Lim’s eight children. The first to third
defendants are the majority shareholders of SLH. The first defendant is Mr Lim
Soon Huat (“Soon Huat”) and the second defendant is Mr Lim Soon Heng (“Soon
Heng”). The third defendant is Lim Kim Chong Investments Pte Ltd (“LKCI”).

4 On 25 July 2013, Dato Lim and his children entered into a Deed of Family
Arrangement (the “Original Deed”) to, among others, distribute a portion of
his assets to his eight children in Singapore. To effect this, Dato Lim
divided his eight children into two groups (“Group A” and “Group B”). Dato Lim
then caused his various companies (and the properties they owned) to be
divided between the fourth defendant, Sin Soon Lee Realty Company (Private)
Limited (“SSLRC”), and SLH. The Group A beneficiaries, which include Soon
Huat, became shareholders of SSLRC and the beneficial owners of the assets
held by SSLRC and its subsidiaries. The Group B beneficiaries, which include
Dato Lim, the claimant, and Soon Heng, became shareholders of SLH and the
beneficial owners of the assets held by SLH and its subsidiaries. On 15
September 2016, Dato Lim supposedly gave his personal and beneficial stake in
LKCI to Soon Huat. On 23 August 2017, Dato Lim also supposedly gave his
personal and beneficial stake in SLH to Soon Huat. As a result, in addition to
being a member of the Group A beneficiaries, Soon Huat also became a member of
the Group B beneficiaries.

5 The Original Deed has been amended twice. On 28 February 2015, the members
of the Lim family entered into an Amending and Restating Deed of Family
Arrangement to amend certain terms of the Original Deed (the “Amended Deed”).
Subsequently, on 11 January 2019, the parties to the Original Deed and the
Amended Deed entered into a third deed, to provide, among others, for the
disposal and handling of certain shares in an asset in Australia.

6 The obligations relevant to the present application are as follows. Under cl
9.1 of the Amended Deed, the Group A beneficiaries were obliged to procure
SSLRC to make a gift or transfer two properties to SLH and/or its nominees.
These two properties are known as the “Geylang Property” and the “Tamarind
Road Property”. For convenience, I will refer to the two properties as the
“Properties”. In addition, under cl 12.5 of the Amended Deed, the Group A
beneficiaries were obliged to procure SSLRC to pay a sum of $9m, being part of
the “Group B Assignment Amount” as defined in the Amended Deed, to SLH and/or
its nominees. Again, for convenience, I will refer to this sum of $9m as the
“Assignment Amount”.

The events leading to the Emails between the parties

7 Sometime in July 2020, Dato Lim proposed a meeting between the Group A and
Group B beneficiaries to resolve the transfers mentioned above. On Soon Heng’s
initiative, the meeting was eventually scheduled to take place on 7 August
2020. Soon Heng set out the agenda for the meeting in an email dated 15 July
2020: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Lim Soon Heng dated 22 August 2022 at pp 163–164 (“Soon
Heng’s 1st Affidavit”).

Since the ABSD is unlikely to be reduced or abolished by the Singapore
government, we would like to proceed with the transfer of [the Geylang
Property] and [the Tamarind Road Property] and also the net income earned from
these properties to us immediately.

Group B would like the properties to be transferred in the following manner:

A) [the Geylang Property] to Lim Soon Huat and/or his nominee

B) [the Tamarind Road Property] to be transferred to Lim Soon Huat’s son,
Thomas Lim Yong Yeow.

Group B would also like Group A to transfer the balance assignment sum of S$9m
to Dato Lim Kim Chong immediately.

For the meeting agenda we would like to focus only on the following matters as
Group B is not involved in Soon Huat’s exit negotiation from SSLR:

A) Transfer of [the Geylang Property] and [the Tamarind Road Property]

B) To consolidate [the Geylang Property] under a single title before transfer

C) Transfer of net income earned from the properties

D) Transfer of balance assignment sum to Dato Lim Kim Chong

As the claimant points out, what Soon Huat proposed in his email in relation
to the Properties and the Assignment Amount departed from that provided for in
the Amended Deed. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Claimant’s Written Submissions dated 9 June 2023 (“CWS”) at para 18.

8 The above-mentioned meeting between the Group A and Group B beneficiaries
took place as scheduled on 7 August 2020. It was attended by, among others:
(a) certain members of Group A; (b) Mr Wee of Ho & Wee LLP, as the solicitor
representing the Group A beneficiaries; (c) Soon Heng and the claimant, as
members of Group B; (d) Mr Tan Teng Muan (“Mr Tan”) of Mallal & Namazie, as
the solicitor representing the Group B beneficiaries at the time; (e) Dato
Lim; (f) Mr Yang Shi Yong of Drew & Napier LLC, as Dato Lim’s solicitor; (g)
Soon Huat; and (h) Mr Sarbjit Singh (“Mr Singh”) and Mr Thomas Ang of Selvam
LLC, as the solicitors representing Soon Huat.

9 However, the meeting was cut short after thirty minutes when Dato Lim left
the meeting room. In the days following 7 August 2020, the lawyers who
attended the meeting exchanged email correspondence – that is, the Emails –
about the issues discussed at the meeting. It is not disputed that several of
the Emails were marked by the lawyers as being “without prejudice” or “without
prejudice save as to costs”.

The events leading to the present application

10 On 27 July 2022, the claimant commenced OC 158 against, among others, the
majority shareholders of SLH, including Soon Huat and Soon Heng, for minority
oppression. For present purposes, it suffices to state that one of the alleged
oppressive acts was that Soon Huat and Soon Heng intended for Soon Huat and
his son, Mr Lim Yong Yeow Thomas (“Thomas”), to receive the Properties instead
of SLH. Thus, the claimant filed SUM 2781, where she sought, among others, an
injunction to restrain the transfer of the Properties to Soon Huat and Thomas
pending the final determination of OC 158 and any appeals therefrom.

11 Against this background, on 22 August 2022, Soon Heng and Soon Huat filed
affidavits to oppose SUM 2781. Soon Huat exhibited the Emails in his
affidavit. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Affidavit of Lim Soon Huat dated 22 August 2022 at pp 213–235.

In that affidavit, Soon Huat explained that he did so because three of the
Group A beneficiaries sent a letter dated 15 June 2022 (the “15 June 2022
Letter”) that made reference to one of the said Emails, which Soon Huat took
to be the Group A beneficiaries waiving the “without prejudice” privilege
which attached to the Emails. Soon Heng also exhibited the Emails in his
affidavit. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Soon Heng’s 1st Affidavit at pp 178–205.

He also relied on the 15 June 2022 Letter for exhibiting the Emails.

12 After the claimant discovered that Soon Heng and Soon Huat had exhibited
the Emails, she sought, through her solicitors, for Soon Heng and Soon Huat to
voluntarily strike out the Emails from their respective affidavits. When Soon
Heng and Soon Huat refused to do so, the claimant filed the present
application to strike out the Emails exhibited in Soon Heng’s and Soon Huat’s
affidavits filed to oppose SUM 2781, as well as the relevant paragraphs in the
said affidavits.

The parties’ positions

The claimant’s position

13 The claimant asserts that the Emails are protected by “without prejudice”
privilege for the following reasons. First, they concerned disputed issues
that had not been resolved during the meeting on 7 August 2020. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CWS at paras 45(a) and 46–50.

As such, the Emails were sent as a continuation of the discussions at the
meeting. Second, several of the Emails were marked “without privilege” and
were sent by lawyers, including lawyers who represented the claimant at the
time. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

CWS at paras 45(b) and 51–55.

Third, the emails were sent as part of a continuing discussion to resolve
certain disputes, and via these emails some of the parties attempted, through
their lawyers, to compromise on certain issues. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

CWS at paras 45(c) and 56–59.

Fourth, Soon Heng and Soon Huat implicitly recognised that the Emails are
protected by “without prejudice” privilege. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CWS at paras 45(d) and 60–65.

Finally, the claimant has not waived the “without prejudice” privilege over
the Emails. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CWS at paras 68–75.

The defendants’ positions

14 The defendants maintained largely similar positions even though they were
represented by two sets of lawyers. Mr Singh appeared for the first, third,
and fifth defendants. Mr Tan appeared for the second defendant. As Mr Singh
and Mr Tan indicated that they adopt each other’s submissions, I will refer to
them collectively as the “defendants”.

15 The first (being Soon Huat), third, and fifth defendants make three points.
First, the claimant does not have standing to assert “without prejudice”
privilege over the Emails. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1st, 3rd, and 5th Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 9 June 2023 (“D1WS”)
at paras 21–25.

Second, contrary to the claimant’s assertions, the Emails do not constitute
admissions as part of a course of negotiations to settle a dispute. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

D1WS at paras 47–58.

As such, the Emails are not protected by “without prejudice” privilege. Third,
even if the Emails are protected by “without prejudice” privilege, the
exception in the English Court of Appeal decision of Muller v Linsley and
Mortimer (a firm) [1994] EWCA Civ 39 (“Muller”) applies to prevent the
claimant from relying on such privilege. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

D1WS at paras 69–73.

For convenience, I shall term this as the “Muller exception”. In addition, Mr
Singh submitted before me that the claimant cannot be allowed to hide behind
the “without prejudice” privilege to avoid making material disclosures in SUM
2781.

16 The second defendant (being Soon Heng) makes two points. First, the Emails
are not protected by “without prejudice” privilege because they were not
written in the nature of a compromise or a genuine attempt to settle the
parties’ dispute. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2nd Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 9 June 2023 (“D2WS”) at para 24.

On the contrary, the Emails were, in substance, communications wherein the
respective parties simply asserted their rights. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

D2WS at para 25.

Second, the claimant acquiesced to the disclosure of the Emails because she
accepts that the 15 June 2022 Letter can be relied upon in these proceedings.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

D2WS at paras 34(c) and 35.

The claimant cannot therefore be allowed to approbate and reprobate, in
accordance with the English High Court decision of Express Newspapers plc v
News (UK) Ltd and others [1990] 1 WLR 1320 (“Express Newspapers”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

D2WS at para 35.

When I asked Mr Tan about the legal basis of this principle, Mr Tan alluded to
broad public policy reasons but could not point me to an authority that
regarded this principle as a specific exception to “without prejudice”
privilege.

The relevant issues

17 With the parties’ positions in mind, there are, in my view, four relevant
issues that I will need to address.

(a) First, whether the claimant has standing to assert “without prejudice”
privilege.

(b) Second, whether the Emails are protected by “without prejudice” privilege.

(c) Third, assuming that the claimant has standing to assert “without
prejudice” privilege, and the Emails are protected by “without prejudice”
privilege, whether the claimant has waived such privilege.

(d) Fourth, even if the claimant has not waived “without prejudice” privilege,
whether any exception to the privilege applies in the present case.

18 I turn now to deal with each of these issues.

Whether the claimant has standing to assert “without prejudice” privilege over
the Emails

The applicable law

19 It is trite law that “communications in the course of negotiations
genuinely aimed at settlement of a dispute are protected by ‘without
prejudice’ privilege” (see the High Court decision of Cytec Industries Pte Ltd
v APP Chemicals International (Mau) Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 769 (“Cytec”) at [14],
citing Rush & Tompkins Ltd v Greater London Council [1989] AC 1280 (“Rush &
Tompkins”) at 1299). However, as a threshold issue, a third party cannot claim
“without prejudice” privilege if it took “no part in the ‘without prejudice’
negotiations, either personally or through an agent” (see the High Court
decision of A-B Chew Investments Pte Ltd v Lim Tjoen Kong [1989] 2 SLR(R) 149
(“A-B Chew (HC)”) at [16]).

20 The High Court decision of Yeo Hiap Seng v Australia Food Corp Pte Ltd and
another [1991] 1 SLR(R) 336 provides guidance. There, a contractual dispute
arose between the plaintiff and the two defendants in relation to the supply
of fruit juice by the plaintiff to the first defendant. The second defendant,
being the director of the first defendant, applied to expunge parts of the
plaintiff’s affidavit which exhibited negotiations between the plaintiff and
the first defendant protected by “without prejudice” privilege. The High Court
upheld the Assistant Registrar’s decision to dismiss the second defendant’s
application. In doing so, the court reiterated the principle in A-B Chew (HC)
as follows (at [14]–[15]):

14 … The issue in the instant case is whether the second defendant who was
never at or represented in the negotiations can now claim that certain
exhibits in the affidavit of James Loke filed on 6 September 1990 are
privileged from disclosure … In my view, the second defendant can only succeed
if she can show that she is entitled to claim the privilege.

15 In the case of A-B Chew Investments Pte Ltd v Lim Tjoen Kong [1989] 2
SLR(R) 149, P Coomaraswamy J held that the privilege on “without prejudice”
negotiations applies to statements by the parties and the solicitors
respectively acting for them. If a party took no part in the “without
prejudice” negotiations either personally or through an agent, he cannot claim
the privilege. Accordingly, I am of the view that the second defendant’s
appeal against the decision of the learned assistant registrar of 10 January
1991 cannot succeed.

21 Accordingly, the defendants are correct that a party needs to show, as a
threshold issue, that he or she has standing by having taken part in the
“without prejudice” privilege negotiations or communications either personally
or through an agent.

My decision: the claimant has standing to assert “without prejudice” privilege
over the Emails

22 In my judgment, the claimant has standing to assert “without prejudice”
privilege over the Emails. This is because, at the times when the Emails were
exchanged, the claimant was a party to these exchanges through Mallal &
Namazie, who was representing her and Soon Heng. Indeed, Soon Heng expressly
admitted to this in his affidavit dated 12 May 2023, when he said that “Group
B (comprising myself and the Claimant and excluding Soon Huat) was represented
by Mallal & Namazie” [emphasis added]. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2nd Affidavit of Lim Soon Heng dated 12 May 2023 at para 21.

Since the defendants have not successfully challenged the fact of this
representation, I find that the claimant has the requisite standing.

Whether the Emails are protected by “without prejudice” privilege

23 I turn then to the issue of whether the Emails are protected by “without
prejudice” privilege. I first set out some important, and well-established,
principles of law in this regard.

The applicable law

24 The common law rule on “without prejudice” privilege is statutorily
embodied in s 23 of the Evidence Act 1893 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “EA”), which
states as follows:

Admissions in civil cases when relevant

23.—(1) In civil cases, no admission is relevant if it is made —

(a) upon an express condition that evidence of it is not to be given; or

(b) upon circumstances from which the court can infer that the parties agreed
together that evidence of it should not be given.

(2) Nothing in subsection (1) is to be taken —

(a) to exempt any advocate or solicitor from giving evidence of any matter of
which he or she may be compelled to give evidence under section 128; or

(b) to exempt any legal counsel in an entity from giving evidence of any
matter of which he or she may be compelled to give evidence under section
128A.

25 There are two well-established rationales for “without prejudice”
privilege. They were summarised in the Court of Appeal decision of Mariwu
Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd v Dextra Asia Co Ltd and another [2006] 4 SLR(R) 807
(“Mariwu”) (at [24]):

Section 23 of the Evidence Act is a statutory enactment of the common law
principle relating to the admissibility of “without prejudice” communications
based on the policy of encouraging settlements. In Muller v Linsley and
Mortimer [1996] PNLR 74 (“Muller”) at 77, Hoffmann LJ (as he then was)
explained this principle in these words:

Cutts v Head [[1984] Ch 290] shows that the [“without prejudice”] rule has two
justifications. Firstly, the public policy of encouraging parties to negotiate
and settle their disputes out of court and, secondly, an implied agreement
arising out of what is commonly understood to be the consequences of offering
or agreeing to negotiate without prejudice. In some cases both these
justifications are present; in others, only one or the other.

The words in s 23 contemplate two different situations that invoke the
underlying rationales of the “without prejudice” rule. The first situation is
where there is an express condition that any admission made by either party in
the context of negotiations to settle a dispute is not to be “given”, ie,
admissible in evidence against the party making the admission. The situation
applies to all communications made expressly “without prejudice”. The second
situation is where an admission is made “under circumstances from which the
court can infer that the parties agreed together that evidence of it should
not be given”. This situation will cover cases where even though a statement
is not expressly made “without prejudice” the law holds that it is made
without prejudice because it was made in the course of negotiations to settle
a dispute: see the judgment of Lord Hoffmann in Bradford & Bingley plc v
Rashid [2006] 1 WLR 2066 at [13] (“Bradford & Bingley”).

26 The first, and the primary rationale, is public policy. Indeed, as the
Court of Appeal explained in Greenline-Onyx Envirotech Phils, Inc v Otto
Systems Singapore Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 40 (“Greenline-Onyx”), “without
prejudice” privilege “is founded on the public policy of encouraging litigants
to settle their differences rather than to litigate them to the finish” (at
[14], citing Rush & Tompkins at 1299). As such, “parties should not be
discouraged by the knowledge that anything said in the course of negotiations
may be used to their prejudice in the course of proceedings” (at [14], citing
Cutts v Head [1984] Ch 290 at 306). The second rationale is grounded in
contract, in that “without prejudice” communications constitute an implied
agreement arising out of what is commonly understood to be the consequences of
offering or agreeing to negotiate without prejudice (see Mariwu at [24]).

27 In so far as s 23 of the EA expresses only the broad principles behind
“without prejudice” privilege and does not specify the scope of its operation,
many of the detailed rules governing the operation of “without prejudice”
privilege must be discerned from the common law (see, eg, A-B Chew (HC) at
[15]). I turn to examine these rules.

28 First, the existence of a dispute and an attempt to compromise it are at
the core of the “without prejudice” privilege. As such, “without prejudice”
privilege cannot be involved where no dispute exists (see Mariwu at [30]).
Indeed, the communications in respect of which privilege is claimed must arise
in the course of genuine negotiations to settle a dispute (see the Court of
Appeal decision of Ernest Ferdinand Perez De La Sala v Compañia De Navegación
Palomar, SA and others and other appeals [2018] 1 SLR 894 (“Ernest Ferdinand”)
at [67]). In addition to the existence of a dispute, communications are
protected by “without prejudice” privilege when such communications involve
statements or conduct amounting to admissions against a party’s interests. The
rationale behind this was explained by Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) in
the High Court decision of Sin Lian Heng Construction Pte Ltd v Singapore
Telecommunications Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 433 (“Sin Lian Heng”) in the following
terms (at [43]):

… A statement or action that appears on its face to go against the interest of
the maker might be seized upon by the opposite party as an admission. This may
take the form of statements which are prejudicial in any number of ways. Where
one party enters into negotiations with another to explore the possibilities
of settlement, it makes sense of course to attempt to convince the opponent of
the weaknesses of his position; but it is not unusual – even common – to seem
to acknowledge possible weaknesses in one’s own case. Even the level of an
offer may be seen as a barometer of the offering party’s enthusiasm for the
merits of his own position, and while that may be quite irrelevant if the
communication was cloaked by the privilege, one can see that most litigants
would avoid any attempt at settlement if there was a risk that their offers to
settle were later going to be raised against them as a sign of weakness. It is
thus in the overall spirit of encouraging negotiations that parties be
sufficiently protected when they “lay their cards on the table”. ...

As such, where correspondence shows an intention to compromise a dispute, or
contains such an offer, this would amount to an admission against interest
that can attract “without prejudice” privilege. This, as Menon JC explained in
Sin Lian Heng, is entirely consistent with the rationale of encouraging
parties to speak frankly in the course of their negotiations, without concern
that anything which they have said can be used against them in the event of
litigation.

29 Second, when determining whether a particular correspondence is protected
by “without prejudice” privilege, the use of the label “without prejudice” is
important but not conclusive. As the High Court explained in Swee Wan
Enterprises Pte Ltd v Yak Thye Peng [2017] SGHC 313 (“Swee Wan”) (at [10],
citing Cytec at [16]), “attaching a ‘without prejudice’ label to a
communication does not conclusively or automatically render it privileged”.
This is consistent with the focus that the law has on the substantive rather
than just the form. However, this does not mean that the use of a “without
prejudice” label should be completely disregarded. On the contrary, as the
High Court also explained in Swee Wan (at [10]), “[t]he presence of such words
would, however, place the burden of persuasion on the party who contends that
they should be ignored”. This is again consistent with the idea that the law
attributes importance to a person’s conduct, especially if it was knowing and
intentional. As such, the intentional use of the “without prejudice” label has
to mean something, and the very least that should lead to is that the party
who contends that it should be ignored bears the burden of proving so.
Further, correspondence that is not expressly labelled as being “without
prejudice” will be privileged if it is written in reply to a correspondence
that is so labelled, or is part of a continuing sequence of negotiations,
whether by correspondence or orally (see Bankim Thanki QC, The Law of
Privilege (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2011) at para 7.13).

30 Third, “without prejudice” privilege can also arise in a multi-party
situation. In this regard, the Court of Appeal in Mariwu recognised (at [28])
that because “the rationale of the s 23 [EA] privilege is to encourage
settlements … [there is] no inconsistency between that section and Rush &
Tompkins”. In the House of Lords decision of Rush & Tompkins, a dispute arose
between the plaintiffs, the first defendant, and the second defendants over
the construction of some buildings. As the plaintiffs and the first defendant
reached an out-of-court settlement, this left only the plaintiffs and the
second defendants engaged in litigation. The court denied the second
defendants’ application for discovery of the correspondence between the
plaintiffs and the first defendant leading to their settlement, because the
correspondence was protected by “without prejudice” privilege. Lord Griffiths
explained why it was important for “without prejudice” privilege to apply to a
multi-party situation (at 1301):

… Suppose the main contractor in an attempt to settle a dispute with one
subcontractor made certain admissions[. It is] clear law that those admissions
cannot be used against him if there is no settlement. The reason they are not
to be used is because it would discourage settlement if he believed that the
admissions might be held against him. But it would surely be equally
discouraging if the main contractor knew that if he achieved a settlement
those admissions could then be used against him by any other subcontractor
with whom he might also be in dispute. The main contractor might well be
prepared to make certain concessions to settle some modest claim which he
would never make in the face of another far larger claim. It seems to me that
if those admissions made to achieve settlement of a piece of minor litigation
could be held against him in a subsequent major litigation it would actively
discourage settlement of the minor litigation and run counter to the whole
underlying purpose of the “without prejudice” rule. …

Indeed, in so far as “without prejudice” privilege applies in a two-party
situation to promote settlement negotiations, the same privilege applies to a
multi-party situation to protect settlement negotiations between some of the
parties, even if the other parties are not willing to resolve the matter
amicably.

31 Further, the High Court decision of United Overseas Bank v Lippo Marina
Collection Pte Ltd and others [2018] 4 SLR 391 provides a useful summary on
the application of “without prejudice” privilege to a multi-party situation
(at [103]):

As noted by Prof Pinsler, s 23(1) of the EA does not itself contemplate multi-
party litigation (Pinsler on Evidence at para 15.014). However, in Mariwu, the
Court of Appeal recognised as applicable at common law the leading House of
Lords decision in Rush & Tompkins v Greater London Council [1988] 3 All ER 737
(“Rush & Tompkins”): “Given our interpretation that the rationale of the s 23
privilege is to encourage settlements, I can see no inconsistency between that
section and Rush & Tompkins” (at [28]). In Rush & Tompkins, the doctrine of
without prejudice privilege was applied in a multi-party litigation to address
the likelihood that if the privilege did not protect settlement negotiations
between a sub-group of the parties, that would “place a serious fetter on
negotiations between [them] if they knew that everything that passed between
them would ultimately have to be revealed to the one obdurate litigant” (at
744). Accordingly, the common law principles on without prejudice privilege
apply in this case: the privilege protects from disclosure admissions made in
the course of genuine negotiations to settle actual or contemplated litigation
(see Matthews & Malek at para 14.02).

My decision: some of the Emails are protected by “without prejudice” privilege

32 With the above principles in mind, I find that all of the Emails are
protected by “without prejudice” privilege, save for the last email from Mr
Wee sent on 9 November 2020 at 4.42pm, for the following reasons.

The Emails were intended to further discuss the issues in dispute that the
meeting of 7 August 2020 was meant to resolve

33 Generally, I agree with the claimant that there remained disputed issues
that were not resolved at the meeting of 7 August 2020. As such, the Emails
were sent as a continuation of the discussions at the meeting.

34 As a starting point, I agree with Mr Singh’s reliance on the English High
Court decision of BE v DE [2014] EWHC 2318 (Fam) (“BE”) for the proposition
that the court must have regard to the circumstances of the meeting of 7
August 2020 in assessing whether the Emails were meant to follow up on
discussions therefrom. In BE, the husband and wife had dinner in an attempt to
reconcile their marriage. During the dinner, the husband presented his wife
with an agreement to sign. This agreement stated, among others, that the wife
shall continue to live in her property in London. The wife did not sign the
agreement. She later sought to adduce the agreement as evidence to prove that
she was domiciled in England, in support of her argument that the English
court had jurisdiction. The husband sought to redact the agreement on the
basis that it was made in the course of settlement negotiations. The English
High Court, proceeding on the assumption that there was a dispute between the
parties, held that the parties could not be said to have met to compromise the
dispute as the wife merely attended a dinner with her husband and was not
aware that it was an opportunity to negotiate (at [24]). Applying this to the
present application, I have no difficulty agreeing with Mr Singh that the
court must have regard to the circumstances from which the Emails originated
from, when assessing whether they are protected by “without prejudice”
privilege.

35 With this general premise in mind, I, however, disagree with the
defendants’ characterisation of the meeting as being “less a discussion and
more a declaration of the position taken by the Group A Beneficiaries”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

D1WS at para 49.

This is because the circumstances in which the Emails originated against the
backdrop of the meeting of 7 August 2020, which shows that they were exchanged
with the aim of compromising the parties’ dispute. I say this for the
following reasons.

36 First, the meeting of 7 August 2020 was apparently called for because it
had been proposed that the transfer of the Properties and the Assignment
Amount take place in a manner which departed from what was stated in the
Amended Deed. Second, the members of the opposing Group A and Group B
beneficiaries attended with their lawyers, a fact which shows that they
anticipated needing to go into negotiations requiring the assistance of their
lawyers. Third, the meeting was cut short because it was “tense”, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

D1WS at para 49.

as suggested by Soon Heng, which showed that there was a dispute between the
parties that needed to be settled. Thus, when the Emails were exchanged
between the parties’ lawyers, starting with the email sent by Mr Wee on 18
August 2020 at 10.47am, it was clear that the Emails were sent as a
continuation of the discussion of the various issues raised at the meeting on
7 August 2020.

37 The fact that the Emails were meant to continue the parties’ discussion of
the issues that had remained unresolved from the meeting on 7 August 2020 can
be seen from the email that Mr Tan had sent on 24 August 2020 at 1.38pm, in
which Mr Tan wrote at paragraph 28 that: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Soon Heng’s 1st Affidavit at pp 193–199.

In respect of your email of 17 August 2020, I had expected a substantive
response that eventually came the following day. Your 18 August 2020 email
elaborated on what you very briefly stated on 7 August 2020. I think
correspondence should remain focused on the matters our respective clients
want to move forward on. We should work together to address the outstanding
matters in Clauses 9 and 12 of the Amended Deed.

[emphasis added]

The italicised words speak for themselves. It is clear that, from the
perspective of Mr Tan, that all of the parties “want to move forward”, and the
parties should “work together to address the outstanding matters in Clauses 9
and 12 of the Amended Deed”. As such, far from each Group being resolute in
their respective positions, Mr Tan’s email clearly suggests that the parties
were attempting to reach a compromise in their dispute.

38 A further example of the attempt to compromise the dispute can be seen in
the email sent by Mr Ang on 24 September 2020 at 4.25pm. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Soon Heng’s 1st Affidavit at pp 180–181.

In that email, Mr Ang stated that Soon Huat “also confirms that he is prepared
for the S$ 9 million [ie, the Assignment Amount] to be transferred to the
Group B Holding Company immediately”. This is different from what Soon Heng
promised in his email of 15 July 2020, where he suggested that the Assignment
Amount be paid to Dato Lim instead. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Soon Heng’s 1st Affidavit at pp 163–164.

This is thus a concession on the part of Soon Huat, presumably in an attempt
to compromise the dispute between the parties.

39 More holistically, I find that the Emails were, generally speaking,
exchanges for the parties to negotiate on the conditions for the transfers of
the Properties and the Assignment Amount. Indeed, while the language used may
have been firm at times, it is clear that Mr Wee, on behalf of the Group A
beneficiaries, was proposing certain conditions, which the other parties had
not agreed to. The parties were trying to find a middle ground to resolve
their dispute. Although, as we now know, the parties did not manage to resolve
their dispute amicably, this does not mean that the Emails had not been an
attempt to compromise that dispute.

40 However, I do not think that all of the Emails reveal such an attempt to
resolve the parties’ dispute. In my judgment, the last of the Emails sent by
Mr Wee on 9 November 2020 at 4.42pm cannot amount to such an attempt. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Soon Heng’s 1st Affidavit at pp 178–179.

While marked as being “without prejudice”, this email contains a host of
allegations and contains no hint of an attempt to settle or compromise the
parties’ dispute. Indeed, it expressly states at paragraph 5.2 that “[y]ou and
your clients are free to do as they wish”. There is no attempt to settle or
compromise the dispute.

41 Accordingly, I find that all the Emails, save for the one sent by Mr Wee on
9 November 2020 at 4.42pm, were intended to further discuss the issues in
dispute that the meeting on 7 August 2020 was meant to resolve. This therefore
cloaks them with “without prejudice” privilege.

The Emails were marked as being “without prejudice” and were sent by lawyers

42 I am fortified in my conclusion above by the fact that some of the Emails
were marked as being “without prejudice” and were sent by lawyers. In my view,
it is significant that several of the Emails were marked as being “without
prejudice”. Notably, the first of the Emails, which was sent by Mr Wee on 18
August 2020 at 10.47am, was marked “without prejudice”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Soon Heng’s 1st Affidavit at pp 199–202.

This shows that Mr Wee, who, being a lawyer, obviously can be taken to know
the effect of the “without prejudice” label, regarded the purpose of his email
to be for the discussion of the issues arising from the meeting on 7 August
2020, and with a view of settling them with the other parties. Moreover, Mr
Wee continued to label his other emails (which are part of the Emails) as
“without prejudice”.

43 Indeed, when the other lawyers replied to this first email, there were
indications that they regarded the subsequent correspondence to be “without
prejudice”. First, in his email sent on 23 September 2020 at 6.15pm, Mr Tan
ended his email at paragraph 27 by stating that his firm “will send your firm
an open letter on the foregoing shortly” [emphasis added]. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Soon Heng’s 1st Affidavit at pp 181–187.

Although this email of 23 September 2020 was not marked as “without
prejudice”, Mr Tan must have regarded this to be so, otherwise there would be
no need for his firm to send an open letter that is distinct from the said
email. Second, the email sent by Mr Ang on 24 September 2020 at 4.25pm was
expressly marked as “without prejudice save as to costs”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Soon Heng’s 1st Affidavit at pp 180–181.

Third, none of the other lawyers protested the use of the “without prejudice”
label by Mr Wee and others, even when they were responding directly or
indirectly to Mr Wee.

44 Thus, as the High Court noted in Swee Wan (at [24]), it is important that
correspondence is marked as “without prejudice” and more so if the
correspondence was written by lawyers. This places the burden on the
defendants, who are now urging the court to ignore the “without prejudice”
label, to explain why the Emails are not privileged. Apart from the last email
sent by Mr Wee on 9 November 2020 at 4.42pm, I am not satisfied that the
defendants have provided a satisfactory explanation in this regard. Indeed, I
do not think that it is satisfactory for the defendants to now explain before
me that the “without prejudice” labels were used by the lawyers at the time
only “out of caution”, when it is not clear what this caution is about.
Instead, for the reasons I explained earlier, I do not think that the parties
were so resolute in their positions that there was no compromise to be made.

45 For all of these reasons, I find that all of the Emails, save for the last
email from Mr Wee sent on 9 November 2020 at 4.42pm, are protected by “without
prejudice” privilege.

Whether the claimant has waived “without prejudice” privilege over the Emails

46 Having decided that all but one of the Emails are protected by “without
prejudice” privilege, I turn now to consider if the claimant has waived such
privilege.

The applicable law

47 Although s 23 of the EA does not address the doctrine of waiver, the
Singapore courts have accepted that the doctrine of wavier applies to “without
prejudice” privilege (see Swee Wan at [14]). The applicable law in relation to
waiver is trite. First, waiver requires the consent of both parties (see Swee
Wan at [14], citing the High Court decision of Krishna Kumaran s/o K
Ramakrishnan v Kuppusamy s/o Ramakrishnan [2014] 4 SLR 232 at [22]). Apart
from an express waiver, an implied waiver of privilege can only be effective
if it is clear and involves “conduct that unequivocally points to an intention
not to rely on the privilege” (see Sin Lian Heng at [61]). This must be proven
to the standard of a balance of probabilities based on “clear evidence” (see
the High Court decision of Lau Chin Eng and another v Lau Chin Hu and others
[2009] SGHC 225 at [17]). As such, the fact that a party makes reference to
the existence of a privileged document (but not its contents) cannot be taken
as a waiver of “without prejudice” privilege.

48 Thus, in Sin Lian Heng, Menon JC noted that a “single reference to the
letter in the context of correspondence between the parties themselves” did
not amount to a waiver of privilege (at [61]). This can be contrasted with A-B
Chew (HC), in which there was a waiver of privilege because the parties had
not only referred to “without prejudice” communications, but also on affidavit
“descended into the details of what had actually transpired” (at [24]).
Indeed, “[r]ather than close the door of privilege, the defendant and his
solicitors opened it even wider” (at [24]). Similarly, in Greenline-Onyx, the
defendant failed to assert “without prejudice” privilege over certain
documents that had been included in the agreed bundle of documents for the
trial of the matter (at [20]–[22]).

49 Second, a party cannot unilaterally waive privilege only to claim it later
when his opponent makes reference to those communications (see A-B Chew (HC)
at [22]). This is consistent with the rule against cherry picking, that one
party may not cherry pick parts of documents that were favourable and retain
privilege for parts that were unfavourable (see the High Court decision of
Tentat Singapore Pte Ltd v Multiple Granite Pte Ltd and others [2009] 1 SLR(R)
42 at [24]).

50 Third, there is no requirement that waiver must result in injustice or
detriment to the other party. This is because waiver is a rule of evidence and
should not be confused with waiver as a form of proprietary estoppel, which is
a rule of equity (see the Court of Appeal decision of Lim Tjoen Kong v A-B
Chew Investments Pte Ltd [1991] 2 SLR(R) 168 at [25]).

My decision: the claimant did not waive “without prejudice” privilege over the
Emails

51 With the above principles in mind, I find that the claimant did not waive
“without prejudice” privilege over the Emails. First, I do not think the fact
that the Group A beneficiaries referred to one of the Emails in the 15 June
2022 Letter is material because the claimant was not even a party to that
Letter. Thus, she cannot be taken to have waived any privilege. Second, if the
defendants’ argument is that the claimant has waived privilege by not
objecting to the contents of the 15 June 2022 Letter being disclosed in Soon
Heng’s and Soon Huat’s affidavits, I disagree. This is because the claimant
did not discuss the contents of the Emails. Further, the 15 June 2022 Letter
only contains a passing reference to one of the Emails, and did not discuss
its contents. As such, this cannot, without more, amount to unequivocal
conduct that is sufficient to waive privilege.

52 Accordingly, I find that the claimant did not waive “without prejudice”
privilege over the Emails.

Whether any exception to “without prejudice” privilege over the Emails applies

53 The final issue that I must consider is whether any exception to “without
prejudice” privilege over the Emails applies. The defendants have raised two
exceptions: (a) the Muller exception; and (b) the doctrine of approbation and
reprobation, which I shall consider in turn.

The applicable law on the Muller exception

54 Although the Muller exception has received considerable judicial attention
in the UK, little – if at all – has been said about it in Singapore. In this
regard, I will set out the relevant cases discussing the Muller exception in
the UK, before turning to how it may potentially apply in Singapore.

The Muller exception in the UK

55 It is appropriate to begin with the English Court of Appeal decision of
Muller, from which the Muller exception emanated. The brief facts are as
follows. The plaintiffs sued the defendants – who were their solicitors – for
negligence. The plaintiffs had consulted the defendants about a dispute
between the plaintiffs and shareholders and directors of a company, which
eventually culminated in a settlement. In the course of that dispute, the
plaintiffs claimed the defendants negligently submitted an unstamped transfer
document that led to the first plaintiff’s dismissal from the said company. As
a result, the first plaintiff was forced to sell his shares in the company.
The share price subsequently increased. One of the issues in the parties’
dispute was whether the settlement constituted a reasonable attempt by the
plaintiffs to mitigate their damage. The plaintiffs sought to withhold
disclosure of documents leading to the settlement based on “without prejudice”
privilege. The court, which comprised Hoffmann, Swinton Thomas, and Leggatt
LJJ, ordered the plaintiffs to disclose the documents. Hoffmann LJ reasoned
his decision on an exception to “without prejudice” privilege:

If one analyses the relationship between the without prejudice rule and the
other rules of evidence, it seems to me that the privilege operates as an
exception to the general rule on admissions (which can itself be regarded as
an exception to the rule against hearsay) that the statement or conduct of a
party is always admissible against him to prove any fact which is thereby
expressly or impliedly asserted or admitted. The public policy aspect of the
rule is not in my judgment concerned with the admissibility of statements
which are relevant otherwise than as admissions, i.e. independently of the
truth of the facts alleged to have been admitted.

Many of the alleged exceptions to the rule will be found on analysis to be
cases in which the relevance of the communication lies not in the truth of any
fact which it asserts or admits, but simply in the fact that it was made.
Thus, when the issue is whether without prejudice letters have resulted in an
agreed settlement, the correspondence is admissible because the relevance of
the letters has nothing to do with the truth of any facts which the writers
may have expressly or impliedly admitted. They are relevant because they
contain the offer and acceptance forming a contract which has replaced the
cause of action previously in dispute. Likewise, a without prejudice letter
containing a threat is admissible to prove that the threat was made. A without
prejudice letter containing a statement which amounted to an act of bankruptcy
is admissible to prove that the statement was made; see [Re Daintrey [1893] 2
QB 116]. Without prejudice correspondence is always admissible to explain
delay in commencing or prosecuting litigation. Here again, the relevance lies
in the fact that the communications took place and not the truth of their
contents. Indeed, I think that the only case in which the rule has been held
to preclude the use of without prejudice communications, otherwise than as
admissions, is in the rule that an offer may not be used on the question of
costs; a rule which, as I have said, has been held to rest purely upon
convention and not upon public policy.

Hoffmann LJ’s reasoning was that the public policy rationale of “without
prejudice” privilege did not apply to statements that are relevant, not
because of the truth of any fact it asserts or admits, but simply on the fact
that it was made. On the other hand, Swinton Thomas and Leggatt LJJ reasoned
their decisions on the basis that the plaintiffs had waived any “without
prejudice” privilege that protected the negotiations.

56 The subsequent cases and the discussions of the Muller exception therein
have centered around the following concerns: (a) whether the exception
undermines the rationales behind “without prejudice” privilege; (b) what the
basis for the exception is; and (c) what the test for the exception is. The
upshot of these concerns is that the status of the Muller exception is very
much in doubt in the UK.

57 The first concern is that the exception undermines the rationales behind
“without prejudice” privilege. As mentioned earlier, the primary rationale is
the public policy of encouraging parties to settle their disputes rather than
litigate them. Indeed, in the English Court of Appeal decision of Unilever plc
v Procter & Gamble Co [2000] 1 WLR 2436 (“Unilever”), Walker LJ stated as
follows (at 2443–2444 and 2448–2449):

Without in any way underestimating the need for proper analysis of the rule, I
have no doubt that busy practitioners are acting prudently in making the
general working assumption that the rule, if not “sacred” (Hoghton v Hoghton
(1852) 15 Beav. 278, 321), has a wide and compelling effect. That is
particularly true where the ‘without prejudice’ communications in question
consist not of letters or other written documents but of wide-ranging
unscripted discussions during a meeting which may have lasted several hours.

At a meeting of that sort the discussions between the parties’ representatives
may contain a mixture of admissions and half-admissions against a party’s
interest, more or less confident assertions of a party’s case, offers,
counter-offers, and statements (which might be characterised as threats, or as
thinking aloud) about future plans and possibilities. As Simon Brown LJ put it
in the course of argument, a threat of infringement proceedings may be deeply
embedded in negotiations for a compromise solution. Partial disclosure of the
minutes of such a meeting may be, as Leggatt LJ put it in Muller, a concept as
implausible as the curate’s egg (which was good in parts). …

…

… But to dissect out identifiable admissions and withhold protection from the
rest of without prejudice communications (except for a special reason) would
not only create huge practical difficulties but would be contrary to the
underlying objective of giving protection to the parties, in the words of Lord
Griffiths in [Rush & Tompkins at p.1300]: “to speak freely about all issues in
the litigation both factual and legal when seeking compromise and, for the
purpose of establishing a basis of compromise, admitting certain facts.”
Parties cannot speak freely at a without prejudice meeting if they must
constantly monitor every sentence, with lawyers or patent agents sitting at
their shoulders as minders.

As such, Walker LJ proposed adopting a broader approach in respect of the
Muller exception, such that communications between negotiating parties are
protected by “without prejudice” privilege as a whole, and the court should
not dissect parts of such communications as not being privileged. For
convenience, I term this the “Broad Approach”.

58 Walker LJ’s concern was echoed in the House of Lords decision in Ofulue v
Bossert [2009] AC 990 (“Ofulue v Bossert”). In Lord Rodger’s words, although
“it would be possible to carve out an exception along those lines”, ie, the
Muller exception, “[t]he question is whether creating such an exception would
be consistent with the overall policy behind the rule” (at [39]). In the same
judgment, Lord Neuberger also highlighted that the Muller exception does not
consider the contractual rationale behind “without prejudice” privilege (at
[95]):

Despite the very great respect I have for any view expressed by Lord Hoffmann,
and the intellectual attraction of the distinction which he draws, I am
inclined to think that it is a distinction which is too subtle to apply in
practice; I consider that its application would often risk falling foul of the
problem identified by Robert Walker LJ in the passage quoted above. In any
event, the observation appears to be limited to the public policy reason for
the rule, and says nothing about the contractual reason, which plainly applies
here.

59 For completeness, I note that in the UK Supreme Court decision of Oceanbulk
Shipping and Trading SA v TMT Asia Ltd and others [2011] 1 AC 662, Lord Clarke
stated as follows (at [27]):

The without prejudice rule is thus now very much wider than it was
historically. Moreover, its importance has been judicially stressed on many
occasions, most recently perhaps in Ofulue v Bossert [2009] AC 990, where the
House of Lords identified the two bases of the rule and held that
communications in the course of negotiations should not be admissible in
evidence. It held that the rule extended to negotiations concerning earlier
proceedings involving an issue that was still not resolved and refused, on the
ground of legal and practical certainty, to extend the exceptions to the rule
so as to limit the protection to identifiable admissions.

60 The second concern is the unclear basis for the exception. As Fancourt J
held in the English High Court decision of Briggs and others v Clay and others
[2019] EWHC 102 (Ch) (“Briggs”), the exception may be justified on two
alternative bases, and it was unclear which was the true basis for Hoffmann
LJ’s decision (at [49]):

There therefore appear to be two bases for Hoffmann LJ’s decision. The first
is that the without prejudice rule only applies to protect admissions, not
facts that are relevant independently of their truth or falsity, and the
defendant was not seeking to rely on the content of the without prejudice
negotiations to prove any admissions. The second basis is that the plaintiff
himself had raised (or “put in issue”) the reasonableness of the negotiations;
that issue could not be determined without disclosure of the negotiations, and
the public policy underlying the rule was not infringed by ordering disclosure
in favour of the defendant for the purpose of the second claim. The
shareholders were not parties to the second claim or (apparently) affected by
its outcome.

61 Briggs is additionally relevant for the gloss that it adds to the test set
out in the Muller exception, ie, the third concern I have identified above.
Indeed, it is clear that there is no one settled test in the application of
the Muller exception. As Fancourt J puts it in Briggs, “the general principle
that bringing a claim or making an allegation does not disentitle a party to
rely on without prejudice privilege may well be qualified where an issue is
raised that is only justiciable upon proof of without prejudice negotiations”
(at [99]) [emphasis added]. In his view, this test is reflected in the
reasoning in Muller, where all three judges “considered it to be material that
the plaintiff had put in issue the reasonableness of his negotiations with the
shareholders and that that issue would not be justiciable without disclosure
of the negotiations” (at [98]). However, as later cases show, the test only
resulted in further confusion as to what the test for the Muller exception
really is.

62 Thus, in the English High Court decision of Berkeley Square Holdings and
others v Lancer Property Asset Management Ltd and others [2020] EWHC 1015 (Ch)
(“Berkeley (HC)”), Roth J applied the Muller exception as developed in Briggs.
His interpretation of “fairly justiciable” was whether “the evidence is so
central to an issue which the party resisting disclosure has introduced that
there is a serious risk that there will not be a fair trial if that evidence
is excluded” (at [83]). On the facts of Berkeley (HC), Roth J admitted the
relevant evidence, because “if the material is not admitted, the court at the
trial will be misled” (at [88(iii)]).

63 When Berkeley (HC) went on appeal, the English Court of Appeal, however,
voiced concerns about the seeming extension of the Muller exception (see
Berkley Square Holdings Ltd and others v Lancer Property Asset Management Ltd
and others [2021] 1 WLR 4877 (“Berkley (CA)”)). Richards LJ raised the
following concerns:

(a) A new exception was developed by Fancourt J in Briggs and Roth J in
Berkeley (HC). This exception “would apply where one party raises an issue
which cannot, or cannot fairly, be decided without recourse to evidence of
without prejudice negotiations or communications but the party raising the
issue resists disclosure or use of such evidence” (at [84]).

(b) There is uncertainty over the word “justiciable”. The word is
conventionally used to describe an issue that the court will not consider
because of its subject matter, ie, it must be impossible to determine the
issue without recourse to the “without prejudice” evidence. However, Roth J in
Berkeley (HC) set the bar lower, by referencing whether the court is able to
fairly determine an issue and to the centrality of the evidence (at [87]).

(c) It is unclear whether the exception “is available in both two-party cases
and three-party cases. If it is available where the person resisting
disclosure or admission has not waived privilege, it would logically appear to
be as applicable in a two-party case as in a three-party case” (at [88]).

(d) There “would need to be careful consideration of whether this exception
would involve an unacceptable interference with the public policy of
encouraging compromises which is the reason for the without prejudice rule”
(at [89]).

Despite his concerns, Richards LJ ultimately concluded that Berkeley (CA) was
“not the case to decide whether a new exception of this type exists” because
it was unnecessary on the facts of the case (at [90]). That said, it is clear
that Richards LJ had expressed considerable doubt about the Muller exception.

64 I conclude my analysis of the development of the Muller exception in the UK
by stating that there is uncertainty over whether the exception should even
apply as a matter of principle, and even if it applies, what the scope of the
exception is.

The Muller exception in Singapore

(1) The relevant cases

65 Turning then to how the Muller exception may apply in Singapore, I begin
with the Court of Appeal decision of Quek Kheng Leong Nicky and another v Teo
Beng Ngoh and others and another appeal [2009] 4 SLR(R) 181 (“Quek Nicky”),
which discussed Unilever (at [23]):

The rule against the admission of “without prejudice” communications is,
however, subject to a number of exceptions. The most important instances were
set out by Robert Walker LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of
Unilever Plc v The Procter & Gamble Co [2000] 1 WLR 2436 at 2444–2445
(“Unilever”) (where the comprehensive article by David Vaver, “‘Without
Prejudice’ Communications – Their Admissibility and Effect” (1974) 9 UBC Law
Rev 85 (which was justly described by Lord Mance in the House of Lords
decision of Bradford & Bingley plc v Rashid [2006] 1 WLR 2066 at [84] as being
“an article of great learning and continuing value”) was cited; see also the
House of Lords decision of Ofulue v Bossert [2009] 2 WLR 749 at [86]).

66 I note that Quek Nicky considers that Unilever (at 2444–2445) sets out “the
most importance instances” of exceptions to the rule on “without prejudice”
privilege. For brevity, I reproduce only what Walker LJ in Unilever said about
the Muller exception (at 2444–2445):

(1) As Hoffmann LJ noted in Muller’s case, when the issue is whether without
prejudice communications have resulted in a concluded compromise agreement,
those communications are admissible. Tomlin v Standard Telephones and Cables
Ltd. [1969] 1 WLR 1378 is an example.

…

(6) In Muller’s case (which was a decision on discovery, not admissibility)
one of the issues between the claimant and the defendants, his former
solicitors, was whether the claimant had acted reasonably to mitigate his loss
in his conduct and conclusion of negotiations for the compromise of
proceedings brought by him against a software company and its other
shareholders. Hoffmann LJ treated that issue as one unconnected with the truth
or falsity of anything stated in the negotiations, and as therefore falling
outside the principle of public policy protecting without prejudice
communications. The other members of the court agreed but would also have
based their decision on waiver.

67 Contrary to the defendants’ submission, I do not think that Quek Nicky can
be taken as authority that the Muller exception applies in Singapore. In my
view, when the Court of Appeal referred to Unilever and the exceptions to
“without prejudice” privilege therein, the court did not go so far as to say
that those exceptions apply in Singapore, and more specifically, that the
Muller exception applies. Even if the Muller exception applies in Singapore,
the development of the exception in the UK since Quek Nicky was decided in
2009 requires that I nevertheless determine the true scope of the exception.

68 There are two High Court decisions that I consider to be relevant to my
decision: Sin Lian Heng and CSO v CSP and another [2023] SGHC 24 (“CSO v
CSP”). First, in Sin Lian Heng, Menon JC considered the issue of whether
“without prejudice” privilege applies to negotiations on quantum even if there
has been an admission of liability. Menon JC cited Unilever and alluded to the
Broad Approach (at [49]–[51]):

49 It was not disputed that the letter, at the very least, involved
negotiations over the amount that might be paid and this was not as a matter
of pure indulgence. The policy reasons behind the “without prejudice”
privilege have been shortly stated in the cases referred to above at [9]. In a
nutshell, the underlying policy justification for the rule is:

[P]arties should be encouraged so far as possible to settle their disputes
without resort to litigation and should not be discouraged by the knowledge
that anything that is said in the course of such negotiations … may be used to
their prejudice in the course of the proceedings. [Per Oliver LJ in Cutts v
Head [1984] Ch 289 at 306, quoted with approval by the House of Lords in Rush
& Tompkins ([9] supra) at 1299.]

50 In my view, this rationale applies with equal force to negotiations on
quantum where there is a real dispute over this. In such situations, even
though one party may have admitted to liability, as long as there remains a
dispute as to the extent of that liability, the policy interests are
implicated. The privilege is thus equally well justified since it is just as
important to the avoidance of the litigation of such matters. It is plain that
if parties cannot agree on the specific settlement amount, they will continue
to litigate that issue.

51 In my judgment, the same result can also be seen to be justified in
principle. In Unilever ([12] supra), Robert Walker LJ stated that it would be
undesirable to “dissect out identifiable admissions and withhold protection
from the rest of without prejudice communications”. The rationale for this
proposition is that if there is a risk that some part of the communications
that take place in circumstances where the parties are trying to come to a
settlement may later be found not to be privileged, it would inhibit the
discussions as a practical matter. In my judgment, the same sort of practical
difficulties would arise if the “without prejudice” rule were held not to
apply to negotiations directed at settling disputes on quantum.

[emphasis in original]

69 Second, in CSO v CSP, the High Court discussed the interaction between s 23
of the EA and the common law rule on “without prejudice” privilege, holding
that such privilege applied to the whole of “without prejudice” communications
and not only admissions. The court considered that the Broad Approach in
Unilever applies in Singapore (at [51]–[58]):

51 In Unilever, Walker LJ explained (at 2448–2449) that the Broad Approach
furthers the public policy objective of encouraging settlements; indeed,
protecting only admissions (and not the whole of “without prejudice”
communications) would go against that policy …

…

57 Walker LJ recognised (at 2448) that “the protection of admissions against
interest is the most important practical effect of the rule”, but admissions
are not the only communications that “without prejudice” privilege would
cover.

58 Admissions against interest made during “without prejudice” negotiations
might be seized upon by the opposing party if they were not privileged, and it
is “thus in the overall spirit of encouraging negotiations that parties be
sufficiently protected when they ‘lay their cards on the table’” (Sin Lian
Heng at [43]). Admissions against interest are, however, not the only
communications made during “without prejudice” negotiations that might
prejudice their author if the communications were not protected by privilege.
One example would be actionable threats such as that pleaded in Unilever.
Likewise, a party might during negotiations assert a claim or defence that is
not later pursued in court proceedings – it should not be prejudiced by the
other party being able to make forensic use of that discrepancy. So too, if an
exaggerated claim sum is put forward in negotiations, or if a party emphasises
the strength of his case to an unreasonable extent, or indeed in an
unreasonable manner. It would encourage settlements if the whole of “without
prejudice” communications are protected, and not merely admissions against
interest.

59 The Broad Approach furthers the objective of encouraging settlements, as a
matter of policy and principle; and it is the position at common law. Is the
Broad Approach, however, precluded in Singapore by the Evidence Act or by
binding authority (in particular, the Court of Appeal’s decision in Ernest
Ferdinand)?

[emphasis in original]

70 The court in CSO v CSP (at [73]–[76]) also considered the compatibility of
the Broad Approach with the Court of Appeal decision of Ernest Ferdinand,
which I reproduce:

73 Indeed, the very formulation of the second pre-requisite (Ernest Ferdinand
at [67]) that “the communication must constitute or involve an admission
against the maker’s interest” [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]
itself shows that admissions are not the only aspects that are privileged. It
is not only communications that “constitute” admissions that are privileged;
communications that “involve” admissions (and also involve non-admissions) are
privileged too.

74 The Court of Appeal (at [86]) noted the argument that “the broader purpose
of without prejudice privilege is to provide parties with a general freedom to
negotiate, and therefore things which go beyond admissions against interest
should be capable of being protected” [emphasis added]. The court did not
disagree with this. On the contrary, the court (at [68] and [90]) approved of
the observations in Schering Corporation v CIPLA Ltd [2004] EWHC 2587 (Ch)
(“Schering”)[, ]a decision that applied the Broad Approach.

75 In Schering, the court held that a certain letter was a “negotiating
document”, ie, a document indicating a willingness to negotiate, and as such
the letter was protected by “without prejudice” privilege. The letter
contained two paragraphs asserting the author’s confidence, on the basis of
legal advice, that the other party’s patent was invalid, and a further
paragraph to the effect that the author’s confidence in the correctness of its
position was so great that it felt it is safe to proceed without regard to the
other side’s position if negotiations were not entered into and resolved
satisfactorily. The court however held that “the overall message continues to
be one of wishing to negotiate” (at [21]). The court did not dissect out
identifiable admissions (such as references to willingness to negotiate) and
withhold protection from the rest of the “without prejudice” communications
(such as the author’s assertions of the strength of its own position). The
whole letter was privileged, not just the identifiable admissions in it.

76 Ernest Ferdinand (which endorsed Schering) does not preclude the Broad
Approach. On the contrary, Ernest Ferdinand supports the Broad Approach.

(2) My decision: the Muller exception does not apply in Singapore

71 As a starting point, I am bound by s 2(2) of the EA, which states “all
rules of evidence not contained in any written law, so far as such rules are
inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Act, are repealed”. As the EA
codified only the law of evidence existing at the time of its enactment, new
rules of evidence can be given effect to only if they are not inconsistent
with the provisions of the EA or their underlying rationale (see the High
Court decision of Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis [2008] 2
SLR(R) 239 at [117], cited with approval in the Court of Appeal decisions of
Lee Chez Kee v Public Prosecutor [2008] 3 SLR(R) 447 at [116] and ARX v
Comptroller of Income Tax [2016] 5 SLR 590 at [32]).

72 With s 2(2) of the EA in mind, I find that the Muller exception does not
apply in Singapore. This is because the Muller exception is incompatible with
the public policy and contract rationales behind “without prejudice”
privilege. For the public policy rationale, I broadly agree with Walker LJ’s
explanation in Unilever that parties will be unable to speak freely in
negotiations if they are preoccupied with determining which portion of their
negotiations falls within the Muller exception and is admissible as evidence.
For the contract rationale, as Lord Neuberger alluded to in Ofulue v Bossert,
it is unclear how the Muller exception is compatible with the contract
rationale for “without prejudice” privilege. This is because if the basis for
“without prejudice” privilege is the implied agreement between negotiating
parties that their communications are privileged, for the Muller exception to
apply, a similar implied agreement must apply. Yet, I find it difficult to
fathom how there can be such an implied agreement, especially when the Muller
exception requires dissecting parties’ negotiations into admissions and all
other communications.

73 Further, in so far as the Broad Approach applies in Singapore, I consider
that it will be inconsistent to adopt the Muller exception in Singapore. This
is because, as I mentioned above, the Broad Approach prevents the court from
dissecting communications that are protected by “without prejudice” privilege.
Yet, an application of the Muller exception requires the court to undertake
this exact process of dissection.

My decision on the Muller exception: the exception does not apply

74 Given my finding that the Muller exception does not apply in Singapore, I
reject the defendants’ argument that the claimant is precluded from relying on
“without prejudice” privilege for the Emails.

75 In the event that I am wrong, and the Muller exception applies in
Singapore, I similarly reject the defendants’ argument that the claimant is
precluded from relying on “without prejudice” privilege for the Emails. This
is because, applying the test for the extended Muller exception as developed
in Briggs and Berkeley (HC), I do not find that the defendants have
satisfactorily particularised an issue which cannot, or cannot fairly, be
decided without recourse to the Emails. In any event, when Mr Singh realised
that the Muller exception had been subject to such trenchant criticism in
Berkeley (CA), he dropped his reliance on the exception without more.

The applicable law on the doctrine of approbation and reprobation

76 I turn then to Mr Tan’s argument that the claimant should not be allowed to
approbate and reprobate. The law on the doctrine of approbation and
reprobation has been comprehensively explored by the Court of Appeal in BWG v
BWF [2020] 1 SLR 1296 (at [101]–[118]) and I need not add to it. To briefly
summarise, the doctrine is a principle of equity that a person who accepts a
benefit under an instrument must adopt it in its entirety and renounce any
other rights that are inconsistent with it. For instance, a person who has
benefitted from a judgment cannot allege the invalidity of the judgment that
conferred him the benefit. The doctrine extends more broadly to a situation of
inconsistent positions asserted against different parties in different
proceedings, as long as the party has received an actual benefit as a result
of an earlier inconsistent position, as reflected in the English decisions of
Express Newspapers and First National Bank plc v Walker [2001] 1 FLR 505.

77 Unlike the common law doctrine of election, the doctrine of approbation and
reprobation does not require the electing party to make a conscious choice
between alternative rights and remedies, but a party’s election that gives
rise to a prior position must still be reasonably clear to be effective (see
the Court of Appeal decision of Aries Telecoms (M) Bhd v ViewQwest Pte Ltd
[2018] 1 SLR 108 at [5]).

78 In the context of the present application, I consider that there may also
be a related issue of whether a party may use “without prejudice” privilege to
escape disclosure obligations, such as in without notice applications under
the Rules of Court 2021 (the “ROC 2021”). In my view, no such concern arises.
This is because when communications are protected by “without prejudice”
privilege, the parties have no obligations to disclose this to the court. I
raise O 9 r 3 of the ROC 2021 as an example, which states that “without
prejudice” communications must not be disclosed to the court:

Non‑disclosure (O. 9, r. 3)

3. Subject to the law governing the admissibility of evidence at trial, any communication made in the course of a case conference in any action or proceedings must not be disclosed to the Court conducting the trial of the action or proceedings if such communication —

(a) has been stated by any of the parties to the action or proceedings to be
“confidential” or “without prejudice”; or

(b) has been marked by the Registrar or Judge (as the case may be) as being
“confidential” or “without prejudice”.

Accordingly, in so far as communications are protected by “without prejudice”
privilege, parties have no obligation to disclose them to the court. On the
contrary, they are obliged to not disclose them to the court.

My decision on the doctrine of approbation and reprobation: the doctrine does
not apply

79 With the above principles in mind, I find that the doctrine of approbation
and reprobation does not apply here. In my judgment, the claimant has not
simultaneously accepted a benefit and renounced any rights inconsistent with
that benefit. The claimant is seeking only to strike out the Emails, and not
the 15 June Letter. As a result, the defendants can rely on the 15 June Letter
in SUM 2781. Accordingly, and contrary to the defendants’ submission, the
doctrine of approbation and reprobation does not apply in the present
application.

80 I also do not find that the claimant has, by relying on “without prejudice”
privilege, failed to make any material disclosure in SUM 2781. This is
because, as I set out above, when communications are protected by “without
prejudice” privilege, the parties have no obligation to disclose them to the
court.

Conclusion

81 For all these reasons, I allow the claimant’s application to the extent
that I find that all of the Emails, save for the one sent by Mr Wee on 9
November 2020 at 4.42pm, are protected by “without prejudice” privilege. I
accordingly order that all these Emails, as well as the relevant paragraphs,
be expunged from the affected affidavits as set out in the present
application. The defendants are to refile the affected affidavits, without the
expunged materials, within 14 days of this decision.

82 Unless the parties are able to agree on costs, they are to write in with
their submissions limited to seven pages each, also within 14 days of this
decision.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Ng Ka Luon Eddee, Tnee Zixian Keith, Lee Pei Hua Rachel and Natalie Ng Hai Qi
(Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the claimant;

Sarbjit Singh Chopra, Roshan Singh Chopra and Sakthi Vel s/o Raman (Selvam
LLC) for the first, third and fifth defendants;

Tan Teng Muan and Loh Li Qin (UniLegal LLC) for the second defendant;

Eugene Jedidiah Low Yeow Chin (Ark Law Corporation) for the fourth defendant
(watching brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 23 Aug 2023 (15:54 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

