Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 295

Suit No 1229 of 2020

Between

(1)| Ari Investments Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Asian Infrastructure Limited  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Accelera Precious Timber and Strategic Agriculture Limited  
---|---  
(2)| Perfect Earth Management Pte. Ltd.  
(3)| Dennis Kam Thai Leong  
(4)| Tan E-Lin, Eileen  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Res Judicata — Extended doctrine of res judicata — Shortcomings in a party’s
conduct during the interlocutory stages of a previous suit do not amount to
“special circumstances” justifying a waiver of res judicata]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ari Investments Ltd and another

  
v

  

Accelera Precious Timber and Strategic Agriculture Ltd and others

[2023] SGHC 295

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 1229 of 2020  
Choo Han Teck J  
21 – 23 August, 13 October 2023

17 October 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The 1st plaintiff is ARI Investment Limited, a company incorporated in Hong
Kong (“ARI”). The 2nd plaintiff is Asian Infrastructure Limited, also
incorporated in Hong Kong (“AIL”). Mr Malcolm Chang, (“Mr Chang”) is a
director and shareholder of ARI and AIL who testified at trial. He is also a
director and shareholder of Infraavest Private Limited (“Infraavest”) and
Marin Trading Pte Ltd (“Marin Trading”), which are associated companies of the
plaintiffs. Mr Tin Jiing Soon (“Mr Tin”) is a former business development
manager of Infraavest who had assisted Mr Chang with his businesses including
ARI and AIL. Mr Tin also testified at trial.

2 The 1st defendant, Accelera Precious Timber and Strategic Agriculture
Limited (“APTSA”) is a company incorporated in Cayman Islands. It owns a
majority stake in an Indonesian incorporated company called PT Aceh Rubber
Industries (“PT ARI”) which owned and operated a rubber processing plant
(“Factory”) in Aceh Indonesia. PT ARI was in the business of processing raw
rubber. It was put under liquidation on 2 May 2019, by way of a shareholders’
resolution passed on 30 April 2019. The 2nd defendant is Perfect Earth
Management Pte Ltd (“PEM”), a company incorporated in Singapore. The
plaintiffs’ claims against PEM in the present suit (HC/S 1229/2020) have been
dismissed pursuant to a successful striking out application by the defendants
in HC/SUM 1510/2021.

3 The 3rd defendant, Dennis Kam Thai Leong (“Mr Kam”), and the 4th defendant
Tan E-Lin Eileen (“Ms Tan”) are directors and shareholders of the 1st
defendant and directors of the 2nd defendant. Mr Kam is the sole shareholder
of the 2nd defendant. Mr Kam and Ms Tan were also involved with PT ARI. Mr Kam
was the Komisaris of PT ARI, which meant that he was the chairman of the board
of directors. Ms Tan was a director of PT ARI at least from 17 June 2012 to
around 15 December 2018. The Direktur Utama (i.e. managing director) of PT ARI
was Mr Yeo Siang Cher (“Mr Yeo”). He ran PT ARI’s operations.

4 Prior to the above action that was struck out, AIL and PEM had entered into
two loan agreements, on 23 September 2013 for a sum of USD 500,000, and 11
March 2014 for a sum of USD 650,000 (the “Loan Agreements”). Although these
loans were extended to PEM, they were meant to be used as working capital for
PT ARI. Mr Kam had given personal guarantees to AIL for both loans (the
“Personal Guarantees”). PEM was subsequently unable to pay back both loans in
full to AIL and Mr Kam as guarantor was unable to do so as well.

5 In a bid to resolve the problem, the parties made an alternative arrangement
in September 2015 whereby ARI and AIL entered into an agreement with APTSA,
with PT ARI and PEM signing as well (the “Agreement”) for a restructuring of
the debt. This agreement required ARI to provide further funds for APTSA in
exchange for a 70% equity stake in ATPSA. It was further agreed that the Loan
Agreements between AIL and PEM would be novated, and the Personal Guarantees
given by Mr Kam would be discharged.

6 Pursuant to the Agreement, ARI, through its associated company Infraavest,
paid USD 320,000 into APTSA on 3 September 2015, 30 September 2015, and 2
December 2015. Thereafter (other than a USD 100,000 short-term loan from Marin
Trading in April 2016 which was repaid) payments to APTSA stopped.

7 AIL subsequently brought a claim (HC/S 397/2017) against Mr Kam on 2 May
2017 pursuant to the Personal Guarantees he had given for the outstanding sums
owed by PEM to AIL. That action was heard in the High Court by Gill JC (as he
then was) in Asian Infrastructure Ltd v Kam Thai Leong Dennis [2019] SGHC 288
(“Asian Infrastructure Ltd”). AIL claimed in Asian Infrastructure Ltd at
[14]-[15] that the Agreement did not extinguish PEM’s and Mr Kam’s liabilities
(stemming from the Loan Agreements and Personal Guarantees) as at the date of
the Agreement, and only did so after the turnaround plan was fully
implemented. Further and in the alternative, AIL claimed that the Agreement
should be rescinded by virtue of Mr Kam’s misrepresentations and/or breach of
warranties. These related to two matters, PT ARI’s production capacity, and Mr
Kam’s failure to disclose that not all of the sums loaned by AIL were used for
the Factory, but were instead siphoned off to various third parties.

8 Gill JC allowed (at [113] of Asian Infrastructure Ltd) AIL’s claim against
Mr Kam under the contract of personal guarantee but dismissed its claims for
misrepresentation and breach of warranties. On appeal, the Court of Appeal
(“CA”) in Kam Thai Leong Dennis v Asian Infrastructure Ltd [2020] SGCA 87
allowed Mr Kam’s appeal and set aside the decision below.

9 The plaintiffs then commenced this present action on 23 December 2020. The
plaintiffs’ claims based on misrepresentation and breach of agreement were
struck out by an assistant registrar (“AR”) on 10 August 2021 by way of HC/ORC
4565/2021, and only two issues were left for trial before me. The plaintiffs’
and defendants’ appeals against the striking out orders were dismissed by
Thean J in HC/RA 234/2021 and HC/RA 235/2021 on 11 October 2021.

10 The first issue before me concerns the plaintiffs’ claim that in breach of
the Agreement, PT ARI failed to disclose to the plaintiffs that there were
outstanding tax matters and outstanding taxes (“Tax Issues”). Secondly, the
plaintiffs’ claim that the defendants should not have unilaterally commenced
the winding up of PT ARI because it prejudiced the goodwill of the plaintiffs
(“Winding-up Issue”).

11 Counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr Mathiew Christophe Rajoo (“Mr Rajoo”)
submits that the plaintiffs have suffered loss from the defendants’ actions in
relation to the Tax Issue. He argues that the plaintiffs are entitled to the
outstanding amount and interest under the Loan Agreements because the
Agreement was “an alternative way for the [outstanding portion of the Loan
Agreements and interest] to be paid to AIL”. This would not have occurred but
for the defendants’ misrepresentations that there were no tax liabilities. Mr
Rajoo argues that as a result of the same misrepresentation, the additional
capital payments of USD 320,000 into APTSA pursuant to the Agreement should
also be repaid to them. Finally, Mr Rajoo argues that the defendants ought to
reimburse the plaintiffs for legal expenses they had incurred because of the
defendants’ breach.

12 It is clear that the plaintiffs are trying to recover what AIL failed to
get in Asian Infrastructure Ltd and Kam Thai Leong. In that suit, the
plaintiffs sued Mr Kam for his liabilities under the Personal Guarantee, and
for the Agreement to be rescinded for misrepresentations and breaches of the
Agreement. Now that the previous suit has been dismissed, the plaintiffs are
making a case that there are newly discovered misrepresentations and breaches
concerning tax liabilities. Only that they are not new.

13 The doctrine of res judicata includes a bar against a “litigant who seeks
to argue points which were not previously determined by a court or tribunal
because they were not brought to the attention of the court or tribunal in the
earlier proceedings even though they ought properly to have been raised and
argued then”. The plaintiff will be barred unless there are “special
circumstances” to allow the litigant to do otherwise.

14 Mr Rajoo argues that the plaintiffs did not pursue the Tax Issues in the
previous action because AIL’s specific discovery application was dismissed as
irrelevant and it was unable to obtain the correspondence and documents
relating to the claims by the Indonesian tax authorities against PT ARI (“Tax
Notices”). According to Mr Rajoo, it was only after both Asian Infrastructure
Ltd and Kam Thai Leong that the plaintiffs had managed “to obtain the
incriminating tax notices from a business associate (“Wafa”). Mr Rajoo submits
that the present case was one where further material became available only
after the previous suit had ended (Arnold and Others Respondents and National
Westminster Bank PLC. Appellants [1991] 2 WLR 1177 (“Arnold”)). Mr Rajoo says
that the plaintiffs had tried various ways to obtain the Tax Notices but were
unable to do so because of the obstacles put up by the defendants. Therefore,
the defendants ought not to be allowed to rely on res judicata.

15 Additionally, Mr Rajoo argues that the defendants had knowledge of, but
intentionally concealed the documentary evidence in relation to the Tax Issues
despite having access to them, thus preventing AIL from raising the said Tax
Issues in the previous suit. Counsel submits that the defendants should have
disclosed all relevant documents in their possession, during discovery, and
not conceal them. He submits that O 24 r 1 of the Rules of Court 2014 (“ROC
2014”) obliges Mr Kam to disclose evidence that would adversely affect the
defence or support AIL’s case in the previous suit.

16 Mr Rajoo emphasises that recission of the Agreement was not pleaded as a
relief by AIL in the previous suit. He argues that the misrepresentation in
the previous suit related to rubber production capacities and the misuse of
the loan amounts instead of the Tax Notices. He also argues that the present
suit is not a collateral attack upon the previous decision, nor are the
plaintiffs trying to relitigate an issue that was previously decided on.
Finally, Mr Rajoo argues that Thean J had accepted that it is unclear whether
the plaintiffs had the requisite knowledge to raise the Tax Issues in the
previous suit.

17 Counsel for the defendants, Mr Tham Wei Chern (“Mr Tham”) submits that the
Tax Issues and the other facts relating to the alleged misrepresentations and
breaches of warranty brought up in the present suit were within AIL’s
knowledge in the previous suit and ought reasonably to have been raised and
addressed there. First, Mr Tham argues that by end-2016, the plaintiffs
already had in their possession an unofficial tax notice which purportedly
showed tax breaches on the part of PT ARI for FY 2013 (“Unofficial Tax
Notice”). He says that in a letter sent by ARI to APTSA on 22 September 2017
(“22 Sep Letter”), the plaintiffs had alleged that PT ARI had committed
breaches of the Indonesian Tax Code for FY 2013 and that they would not have
entered into the Agreement otherwise. Counsel points out that from the 22 Sep
Letter, it was obvious that the plaintiffs had the knowledge to raise the Tax
Issues.

18 Mr Chang had in the 22 Sep Letter made specific references to the breaches
set out in the Unofficial Tax Notice. His clear words contradict the
plaintiffs’ claim that they were uncertain about the situation. In Mr Chang’s
evidence in the previous suit, he claimed (on multiple occasions) to know
about the tax issues. Secondly, Mr Chang had on affidavit, confirmed that he
had received the Unofficial Tax Notice from Mr Yeo in the last quarter of
2016.

19 Thirdly, Mr Tham argues that the plaintiffs had deliberately not pleaded
the tax liabilities for FY 2013 in the previous suit, when they clearly could
have done so. He submits that the plaintiffs had erred by “putting the
proverbial cart before the horse” because they had tried to obtain specific
discovery relating to the Tax Issues before pleading them, and unsurprisingly,
their application for specific discovery failed. AIL did not file any appeal.

20 Fourthly, Mr Tham submits that although AIL had subsequently applied for
leave to amend its pleadings in the previous suit to include a claim in
misrepresentation against Mr Kam with respect to PT ARI’s tax affairs in
HC/SUM 2425/2018, this was a bare claim without any particulars. Thus, at the
hearing of HC/SUM 2425/2018 on 16 July 2018, the assistant registrar ordered
AIL to provide particulars of the alleged pre-contractual misrepresentations
made by Mr Kam, but this remained unfulfilled. Its application to amend its
pleadings to include a claim in misrepresentation against Mr Kam with respect
to the Tax Issues was disallowed. AIL again did not appeal.

21 Mr Tham points out that Thean J had held that it is not clear that the
plaintiffs had the requisite knowledge to raise the Tax Issues in the previous
suit, noting that she did not have sight of a copy of the Unofficial Tax
Notice in reaching her decision. Therefore, PT ARI’s Tax Issues had to be
resolved at trial. Mr Tham submits that the Unofficial Tax Notice was only
later disclosed by the plaintiffs in Mr Chang’s affidavit filed on 22 June
2022, after the conclusion of HC/RA 234/2021 and HC/RA 235/2021. Thean J had
thus made an observation that the plaintiffs (in the previous suit) should
have joined the other parties to the Agreement and amended their pleadings to
raise all relevant matters within their knowledge to impugn the Agreement.
That would have included the plaintiffs’ current claims that the Agreement
should be rescinded on the ground of misrepresentation due to PT ARI’s tax
affairs and all breaches of warranty.

22 Finally, Mr Tham submits that there is no fresh evidence that justifies a
re-litigation. He submits that the plaintiffs’ current claims in respect of PT
ARI’s Tax Issues are an attack on the courts’ decisions in Asian
Infrastructure Ltd and Kam Thai Leong. I agree with Mr Tham’s submissions that
the plaintiffs only have themselves to blame for their failure to raise and
argue the Tax Issues in the previous suit. They are caught in a bind of their
own making.

23 On the facts, I am of the view that the plaintiffs have no excuse for not
having raised and argued the Tax Issues at the previous suit. The Tax Issues
and their implications on the plaintiffs’ claim were within the plaintiffs’
knowledge in the previous suit. First, Mr Chang had in his affidavit dated 9
June 2021 acknowledged that he had been made aware by Mr Yeo of the Unofficial
Tax Notice in the last quarter of 2016. Secondly, although Mr Chang had
claimed that the Unofficial Tax Notice was “not conclusive at all on the issue
of the existence of PT ARI’s tax issues”, ARI had nevertheless gone ahead on
22 September 2017 to send the 22 Sep Letter to APTSA. Pertinently, in the 22
Sep Letter, ARI asserted that:

6\. After we had disbursed to you the convertible loan in the amount of
USD320,000.00, we discovered that each of the Representations was untrue:

…

(ii) Contrary to your Representation that PT ARI was in good order, we also
discovered that PT ARI had breached a number of Indonesian tax codes namely PP
PASAL 21, PPH PSASAL 22, PPH PASAL 23, PPH PASAL 26, PPH Final PASAL 4 Ayat
(2), PPN and STP PPN Denda Pasal 14 (4) KUP for Year of Assessment 2013 (1
January 2013 to 31 December 2013). Due to the undisclosed tax matters, we face
unlimited exposure to tax liabilities as a result of your representations
and/or non-disclosure of such breaches. Such exposure to tax liabilities may
have an [sic] looming impact on the tax assessment period for the respective
years of 2014 and 2015.

7\. The said Representations were made despite your knowledge that they were
false and untrue and/or recklessly not caring whether they were true or false.
But for the misrepresentations as to the production capacity of the factory
premises and as to the fact that you had made full and fair disclosure in all
material respects of any matter including tax issues pursuant to the Share
Subscription Agreement, we would not have entered into the Share Subscription
agreement. Consequently, the amount of USD320,000.00 would not have been
disbursed if you had “made full and fair disclosure in all material respects
of any matters” under Clause 1.3 (f) of the said Appendix.

8\. By reason of the foregoing misrepresentations, we have suffered loss,
damage and expenses. We are entitled to, and we do hereby demand for damages
and/or repayment of all moneys paid under and pursuant to the Share
Subscription Agreement, including but not limited to the refund of all
payments advanced to you in the sum of USD320,0000.00 [sic] plus interest.

9\. Further and/or in the alternative and without prejudice to our right of
rescission of the Share Subscription Agreement, the Share Subscription
Agreement was terminated by us on 10 February 2017 on, inter alia, the
following breaches of the Share Subscription Agreement by you.

…

Your failure to disclose PT ARI’s tax issues is a breach of your obligation(s)
to make proper reporting of your tax obligations under Clause 1.3(a) of the
Appendix, read with Clause 8 of the Share Subscription Agreement. This said
failure to properly report your tax obligations is also a breach of the
condition, representation and/or warranty under the share subscription
agreement in Clause 1.3(f) of the Appendix in that you failed to provide “full
and fair disclosure in all material respects of any matter that could be
reasonably be expected to affect ARI’s decision” to purchase the Shares on the
terms set out in the share subscription agreement.

24 The contents of the 22 Sep Letter are clear and unequivocal, that ARI takes
the view that APTSA had breached the Agreement because of the Tax Issues, and
misrepresentations had been made to ARI. Additionally, the 22 Sep Letter shows
that ARI is of the view that it would not have entered into the Agreement if
misrepresentations had not been made. This is inconsistent with Mr Chang’s
evidence that to him the Unofficial Tax Notice was “not conclusive at all on
the issue of the existence of PT ARI’s tax issues”.

25 Thirdly, Mr Chang had on multiple occasions during trial in the previous
suit given evidence that he knew PT ARI was facing tax issues. For instance,
when questioned about the breach of warranties of the Agreement, Mr Chang had
testified that “there were tax issues as well that were not disclosed to us”.
It must be remembered that the trial took place sometime in May 2019, long
before the plaintiffs’ position that they had only obtained the incriminating
tax notices from Wafa after both Asian Infrastructure Ltd and Kam Thai Leong
had ended. This is a material inconsistency. Taken with Mr Chang’s knowledge
of the Unofficial Tax Notice by late-2016, and the 22 Sep letter sent by ARI
on 22 September 2017, I find that this is indicative that the plaintiffs had
by 22 September 2017 known about the Tax Issues in relation to their claims
regarding the Agreement and the relevant alleged misrepresentations.

26 The plaintiffs have only themselves to blame for their subsequent half-
hearted effort to amend their pleadings to include the tax issues, and
consequent failure. They did not provide any particulars in support of their
application to amend their pleadings to include the Tax Issues. Counsel at the
hearing confirmed that the plaintiffs “are purely relying [on the contractual
clause in the Agreement]” as a basis for the amendment. This is
notwithstanding the assistant registrar’s direction that particulars had to be
given. Ultimately, no particulars were given and the proposed amendment to add
the Tax Issues to the pleadings disallowed. Nothing on the facts suggests that
there are special reasons for the plaintiffs to circumvent the res judicata
rule.

27 I do not accept Mr Rajoo’s submission of the Tax Notices being new material
available only after the previous suit had ended. Mr Rajoo’s reliance on the
case of Arnold is misplaced. Arnold was primarily a case where the court
considered the doctrine of res judicata in the context of a subsequent change
in law, and whether this was capable of being “special circumstances” allowing
relitigation. In Arnold, although the court observed that in considering
“special circumstances”, further relevant materials related to matters of fact
may be brought forward, these have to relate to new materials that were not
available at the time of the earlier decision. In the present case, the Tax
Notices are not new materials that were not available at the time of the
earlier decision. They would have been available to the plaintiffs had they
followed the proper procedure by pleading their case properly and seeking for
discovery thereafter.

28 Moreover, I am not persuaded by Mr Rajoo that Mr Kam had breached his
disclosure obligations in the previous suit under O 24 r 1 ROC 2014. Without
having pleaded the Tax Issues in the previous suit, I do not see how Mr Kam
could have reasonably known that the Tax Notices would support the plaintiffs’
case or were detrimental to his own case. In any event, the plaintiffs had
already made a subsequent specific discovery application which was disallowed.
In the light of the reasons above, I find that the plaintiffs are estopped
from raising the Tax Issue in the present suit.

29 As for the Winding-up Issue, Mr Rajoo does not appear to have made
substantive arguments about this aspect of the plaintiffs’ claim in his
closing submissions. In any event, based on the available evidence before me,
it is clear that there is no merit to this aspect of the plaintiffs’ claim. In
the plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim, they allege that the winding up of PT ARI
was a breach of clauses 1.3(c) and 1.3(d) of the appendix to the Agreement.
The clauses read as follows:

1.3 The following representations and warranties are made and given by the
Company to ARI and expressly survive the closing of this agreement. The
representations are true as of the date of this agreement and will be true as
of the date of closing when they shall continue as warranties according to
their terms. At the option of ARI, the representations and warranties may be
treated as conditions of the closing of this agreement in favor of ARI.
However, the closing of this agreement shall not operate as a waiver or
otherwise result in a merger to deprive ARI of the right to sue the Company
for breach of warranty in respect of any matter warranted, whether or not
ascertained by ARI prior to closing:

…

(c) The business of ARI will not be adversely affected in any material respect
in any way, whether by the Company or by any other person or cause whatsoever,
up to closing and the Company will not do anything before or after closing to
prejudice the goodwill of ARI;

(d) The Company will carry on business as usual until closing except that it
will not declare any dividends or make any other distributions of capital or
retained earnings or undertake or compromise any major contractual liabilities
without the express written consent of ARI;

…

For avoidance of doubt, references to “the Company” above refer to APTSA,
references to ARI and PT ARI refer to themselves as defined previously (at
[1]–[2] above). On the facts, it is clear that the winding up of PT ARI on 2
May 2019 did not affect ARI “in any material respect” or “in any way” by the
time of closing (i.e. when the Agreement had been entered into on September
2015). In relation to goodwill, there is no evidence that the winding up of PT
ARI prejudiced the goodwill of ARI. In fact, there is also no evidence of what
goodwill ARI had, in order to be prejudiced by PT ARI’s winding up.

30 Likewise, in relation to clause 1.3(d), there is no evidence of any major
contractual liabilities being compromised by PT ARI. Additionally, it is Mr
Chang’s and Mr Tin’s evidence at trial that PT ARI had never distributed
dividends from the time the Agreement was entered into. Therefore, it is clear
that there can be no breach of clause 1.3(d) of the Agreement. Accordingly,
the plaintiffs’ claims in relation to the Winding-up Issue are dismissed. I
will hear parties on costs at a later date if they are unable to agree on
costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Mathiew Christophe Rajoo, Gerard Vincent Nicholas and Abiramee Ghandhidass
(DennisMathiew) for the plaintiffs;  
Tham Wei Chern, Charis Wang Chunhua and Samuel Ang Rong En (Fullerton Law
Chambers LLC) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 17 Oct 2023 (14:27 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

