Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 194

Originating Application No 391 of 2023

Between

Tey Leng Yen  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

Mai Xun Yao  
---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE judgment

[Civil Procedure — Appeals — Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tey Leng Yen

  
v

  

Mai Xun Yao

[2023] SGHC 194

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 391 of 2023  
Tan Siong Thye SJ  
19 July 2023

19 July 2023

Tan Siong Thye SJ:

Introduction

1 The Applicant, Tey Leng Yen, seeks permission to appeal to the General
Division of the High Court against the decision of the District Judge (the
“DJ”) in Registrar’s Appeal, DC/RA 85/2022 (“RA 85”). The DJ had allowed an
appeal by the Respondent, Mai Xun Yao, against the decision of the Deputy
Registrar (the “DR”) who had awarded costs of $40,000 in the Applicant’s
favour. The DJ found that the DR (who was the trial judge) had not taken into
consideration an offer to settle (the “OTS”) made by the Respondent before the
trial which was rejected by the Applicant. This was mainly due to the parties’
failure to raise the issue of the OTS to the DR before the DR’s costs award
was made. However, the existence of the OTS was brought to the attention of
the DR at the first tranche which dealt with the liability of the parties. In
view of the OTS, the DJ allowed the Respondent’s appeal, reversed the DR’s
costs award and ordered costs of $20,000 in the Respondent’s favour instead,
with disbursements to be fixed if not agreed.

2 The Applicant was dissatisfied with the costs award made by the DJ and
applied in DC/SUM 706/2023 (“SUM 706”) for permission to appeal against the
DJ’s decision as the DJ’s decision is appealable only if permission is
granted. In SUM 706, after hearing the application and the submissions of the
parties, the DJ denied the Applicant permission to appeal against the DJ’s
decision on the basis that the necessary criteria for permission to appeal to
be granted had not been satisfied.

3 The Applicant now makes this application for permission to appeal against
the decision of the DJ and to set aside the DJ’s decision which rejected the
Applicant’s application for permission to appeal in SUM 706. Having considered
the parties’ submissions, I find that the application is unmeritorious as the
threshold for permission to appeal to be granted has not been met.

4 I shall set out below the brief facts and procedural history of the case
before explaining my views on why the application for permission to appeal
against the decision of the DJ is unmeritorious.

Background facts and the proceedings below

Background facts

5 The Applicant and the Respondent were business partners in two companies
(the “two companies”). One of the two companies was Sheenway Exhibition and
Projects Pte Ltd (“SE&P”). The Applicant held 40% of the shares in SE&P and
the Respondent held 60% of the shares in SE&P. As a result of differences
which arose, the parties entered into a settlement agreement (the “SA”). As
part of the SA, the parties had agreed that SE&P would cease all operations
except the collection of outstanding debts. Further, the receivables were to
be distributed between the Applicant and the Respondent in accordance with the
proportion of shares they each held. The parties also appended their
signatures to a document which stated that SE&P’s receivables were in excess
of $530,000 (see Tey Leng Yen v Mai Xun Yao [2021] SGDC 65 (the “Trial
Judgment”) at [1]–[6]). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See Applicant’s affidavit dated 18 April 2023 (“Applicant’s 18 April 2023
Affidavit”) at pp 15–24, for the Trial Judgment.

6 The Applicant subsequently commenced a suit in the District Court, DC/DC
45/2018 (“DC 45”), against the Respondent on 5 January 2018 on the basis that
the Respondent had breached various terms of the SA (see the Trial Judgment at
[3]).

7 On 17 March 2020, the Respondent made an offer to settle (the “OTS”) which
included the following terms: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See Applicant’s 18 April 2023 Affidavit at Tab D, pp 50–51, for the OTS made
by the Respondent.

(a) The Respondent shall make available to the Applicant the accounts of the
two companies after March 2013; and

(b) Any net balance in the accounts of the two companies (after deducting the
expenses, taxes, etc) shall be split between the Applicant and the Respondent
in accordance with their respective shareholdings in the two companies.

8 The Applicant did not accept the OTS. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

See Mai Xun Yao’s affidavit dated 4 April 2023 at pp 8–33, for the Notes of
Evidence of 10 March 2023; Notes of Evidence of 10 March 2023 at pp 6–7, para
7.

The trial

9 The trial was bifurcated. The first tranche dealt with the liability of the
parties. There were two issues to be decided at the first tranche: (a) whether
the Respondent had breached the SA by allowing SE&P to continue operating; and
(b) whether the Respondent had breached the SA by failing to distribute the
receivables of SE&P in accordance with the proportion of the shares held by
the parties (see the Trial Judgment at [14]).

10 The DR who was the trial judge in the second tranche on assessment of
damages found that the Applicant succeeded in proving that the Respondent had
breached the SA by allowing SE&P to continue operating (see the Trial Judgment
at [16]–[48]). However, the DR found that the Applicant failed to prove that
the Respondent had breached the SA by failing to distribute the receivables of
SE&P in accordance with the proportion of the shares held by the parties as
SE&P was still in operation with outstanding receivables, debts and expenses.
Thus, the receivables could not be distributed until after SE&P’s liabilities
were settled (see the Trial Judgment at [50]–[54]). Given the Applicant’s
success on the first issue, the DR found that the Applicant was entitled to
interlocutory judgment with damages to be assessed for the loss occasioned by
the Respondent’s breach of the SA by allowing SE&P to continue operating (see
the Trial Judgment at [55]). The Respondent appealed to the High Court against
the decision of the DR, but the appeal was dismissed on 15 July 2021. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Notes of Evidence of 10 March 2023 at p 8, para 11.

11 In the second tranche of the trial, the Applicant submitted that she was
entitled to 40% of SE&P’s receivables which was determined as at March 2013,
being what she was entitled to under the SA in accordance with the proportion
of the shares she held in SE&P. The DR, however, found that the Applicant had
failed to prove the loss she suffered and the quantum of that loss as a result
of the Respondent’s breach which allowed SE&P to continue operating because
the company was in operation and the Applicant’s share of SE&P’s receivables
could only be determined after SE&P’s liabilities were settled. The DR thus
awarded nominal damages of $1,000 to the Applicant with interest. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Notes of Evidence of 10 March 2023 at pp 9–10, paras 12–14.

The DR’s costs award

12 On 18 November 2022, the DR awarded costs of $40,000 in favour of the
Applicant, with disbursements to be agreed or taxed as the Applicant had
succeeded in her claim in the first tranche on liability and was awarded
nominal damages in the second tranche when damages were assessed. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Applicant’s 18 April 2023 Affidavit at pp 41 (line 28) to 42 (line 2).

However, at the hearing on costs, the parties did not inform the DR of the
existence of the OTS which had substantial implications on the costs award.

13 Subsequently, the Respondent realised the implication of the OTS on the
issue of costs. On 21 November 2022, the Respondent wrote to the DR to
reconsider the costs award (the “Respondent’s 21 November 2022 Letter”) in the
light of the OTS. In the Respondent’s 21 November 2022 Letter, the Respondent
had set out the circumstances surrounding the OTS and submitted that the costs
award by the DR should be reconsidered in view of the OTS. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See Applicant’s 18 April 2023 Affidavit at Tab E, pp 53–57 for the
Respondent’s 21 November 2022 Letter (without enclosures).

On 23 November 2022 the DR replied that her decision on costs made on 18
November 2022 was to stand. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Applicant’s 18 April 2023 Affidavit at para 37.

Nothing further was said by the DR about the OTS. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See Applicant’s 18 April 2023 Affidavit at Tab F, pp 90–91 for the court’s
reply dated 23 November 2022.

The DJ’s decision on costs in RA 85

14 In RA 85, the Respondent made the following arguments: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Notes of Evidence of 10 March 2023 at pp 10–11, para 18.

(a) Order 22A r 9(3) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (the
“ROC 2014”) should apply. There was a valid OTS which had not been withdrawn
and had not expired before the disposal of the suit. The Applicant had
obtained a judgment which was not more favourable than the terms of the OTS.
Therefore, the Respondent should have been entitled to costs on the indemnity
basis from the date the OTS was served until the date of the decision on the
assessment of damages by the DR.

(b) In the event the DJ disagreed that O 22A r 9(3) of the ROC 2014 applied,
the Applicant should still have not been awarded costs. The Applicant cannot
be regarded as the successful party since she had only been awarded nominal
damages in the second tranche of the trial.

15 On 10 March 2023, the DJ allowed the Respondent’s appeal in RA 85 and
awarded costs of $20,000 in the Respondent’s favour instead, with
disbursements to be fixed if not agreed. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Notes of Evidence of 10 March 2023 at p 24, para 45.

The DJ’s decision can be summarised as follows:

(a) The OTS remained valid at the time the DR made an assessment on damages.
Further, the Applicant did not obtain a judgment that was more favourable than
the OTS. Although the Applicant had won on the first liability issue of the
Respondent’s breach of the SA by allowing SE&P to continue operating, the
Applicant was awarded only nominal damages as the Applicant could not prove
the damages suffered. The Applicant had to wait until after SE&P’s liabilities
had been settled and its operations ceased before she could ascertain her
share of SE&P’s receivables. This was akin to what was offered in the OTS. If
the Applicant had accepted the OTS, she would have been in no worse a position
than she was after the decision on assessment of damages was made by the DR.
Therefore, the judgment obtained by the Applicant was not more favourable than
the terms of the OTS. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Notes of Evidence of 10 March 2023 at pp 12–17, paras 20–30.

(b) The OTS was a serious and genuine attempt at settlement. Therefore, the
costs consequences provided for in O 22A r 9(3) of the ROC 2014 should have
applied. In other words, the Applicant was entitled to costs on the standard
basis until 17 March 2020 which was when the OTS was served, and the
Respondent was entitled to costs on the indemnity basis from the date the OTS
was served to 18 November 2022 when the DR made her decision on damages. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Notes of Evidence of 10 March 2023 at pp 17–18, paras 31–33.

(c) The DR had omitted to consider the OTS as the parties did not raise the
OTS when addressing the DR on costs. The DR, therefore, erred in her decision
on costs and the Respondent’s appeal in RA 85 was allowed. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Notes of Evidence of 10 March 2023 at p 19, para 34.

(d) The second ground of appeal raised by the Respondent was moot as the DJ
had already allowed the Respondent’s appeal on the basis of the OTS.
Nevertheless, the DJ considered whether the Applicant should be regarded as a
successful party given that she had only been awarded nominal damages. Here,
the DJ stated that the general principle as set out in Anglo-Cyprian Trade
Agencies Ltd v Paphos Wine Industries Ltd [1951] 1 All ER 873 was that where a
plaintiff is only awarded nominal damages, the plaintiff should not be
regarded as a successful party and costs should be awarded to the defendant as
if he had succeeded in his defence. In RA 85, the DJ took the view that even
if the OTS had not existed or applied, the DR should have ordered that each
party should bear its own costs for the first tranche of the trial. As for the
second tranche, the DJ was of the view that the Applicant should have to bear
costs of the assessment of damages hearing as the Applicant took an
unrealistic position in the second tranche of the trial to insist on damages
unnecessarily and caused costs and expenses in the second tranche of the
trial. Therefore, even if the OTS did not exist or apply, the DJ would have
found that the DR erred in awarding the Applicant costs of $40,000. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Notes of Evidence of 10 March 2023 at pp 19–22, paras 35–41.

(e) The DJ awarded costs of $12,000 to the Applicant on the standard basis
from the date of commencement of the suit to the date the OTS was served. The
DJ also awarded the Respondent costs of $32,000 on an indemnity basis from the
date the OTS was served to the date of judgment in the second tranche of the
trial. The net effect of this was a costs award of $20,000 in the Respondent’s
favour. Therefore, the DJ set aside the DR’s costs award and ordered costs of
$20,000 in the Respondent’s favour, with disbursements to be fixed if not
agreed. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Notes of Evidence of 10 March 2023 at pp 23–24, paras 44–45.

The DJ’s decision to dismiss the Applicant’s application for permission to
appeal against the DJ’s costs award

16 The Applicant was dissatisfied with the DJ’s decision on costs in RA 85.
The Applicant, therefore, filed SUM 706 for permission to appeal against the
DJ’s decision on costs as the DJ’s decision is appealable only if permission
is obtained.

17 In SUM 706, the Applicant submitted the following grounds to support her
application: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See Tab-4 of Respondent’s Bundle of Documents, for the Notes of Evidence of 13
April 2023; Notes of Evidence of 13 April 2023 at p 7, para 4 and p 9, paras
9–10.

(a) The DJ had not given due weight to the DR’s decision when deciding to
overturn the DR’s decision on costs in RA 85.

(b) The DJ had considered the OTS when it was not brought up to the DR at the
hearing on costs.

(c) The DJ had considered the OTS when the DR had already taken it into
account after the request for further arguments was denied.

(d) The DJ erred in her conclusion that the judgment obtained by the Applicant
was not more favourable than the terms of the OTS.

(e) There was a procedural irregularity in RA 85 as the Respondent had been
labouring under the misapprehension that the Rules of Court 2021 applied
instead of the ROC 2014.

18 The DJ dismissed SUM 706. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Notes of Evidence of 13 April 2023 at p 9, para 11.

The DJ’s decision can be summarised as follows:

(a) The Applicant’s position appeared to be inconsistent. On the one hand, the
Applicant took issue that the DJ had considered the OTS in RA 85 when it had
not been brought up to the DR during the hearing on costs before the DR. On
the other hand, the Applicant took issue that the DJ had considered the OTS in
RA 85 when the DR had already considered the OTS when it was brought to the
attention of the DR by way of the Respondent’s 21 November 2022 Letter. The
Applicant’s counsel also accepted that these were contradictory positions. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Notes of Evidence of 13 April 2023 at p 7, para 5.

(b) The hearing of RA 85 operated as a de novo hearing and the DJ was allowed
to consider the OTS. The DJ also gave due weight to the DR’s decision when
evaluating whether the DR had erred in deciding on the award of costs. The DR
had not indicated that she had considered the OTS, or provided reasons to
support the DR’s award of costs in light of the OTS. In view of the facts of
the case, the DR’s award of costs could not be sustained. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Notes of Evidence of 13 April 2023 at p 8, paras 6–7.

(c) While the Respondent may have taken the erroneous position that the Rules
of Court 2021 applied to the RA 85 instead of the ROC 2014, the court clearly
recognised that it was the ROC 2014 which applied. Further, the substantive
law was the same in both the ROC 2014 and the Rules of Court 2021. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Notes of Evidence of 13 April 2023 at p 9, paras 9–10.

(d) The Applicant was dissatisfied with the outcome of RA 85 but could not
point to any prima facie case of error of law for which permission to appeal
ought to be granted. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Notes of Evidence of 13 April 2023 at p 8, para 8.

19 The DJ awarded costs of $1,000 (all-in) in favour of the Respondent
following the dismissal of the Applicant’s application for permission to
appeal in SUM 706. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Notes of Evidence of 13 April 2023 at pp 10–11.

20 The Applicant now seeks this Court’s permission to appeal against the DJ’s
decision. This is pursuant to O 19 r 15(2) of the Rules of Court 2021 which
states that where the lower court does not grant permission to appeal, a party
may apply to the General Division of the High Court.

My decision

The law on permission to appeal

21 The applicable legal principles for permission to appeal are set out in Lee
Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong and another [1997] 2 SLR(R) 862 (“Lee Kuan Yew”) at
[16]. For permission to appeal to be granted, there must be: (a) a prima facie
case of error; (b) a question of general principle decided for the first time;
or (c) a question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of
a higher tribunal would be to the public advantage. This was affirmed by the
Court of Appeal in Lin Jianwei v Tung Yu-Lien Margaret and another [2021] 2
SLR 683 at [85].

22 For there to be a prima facie case of error, the general rule is that it
must be an error of law and not of fact, though permission to appeal may be
granted in exceptional circumstances where the error is one of fact which is
obvious from the record (see Rodeo Power Pte Ltd and others v Tong Seak Kan
and another [2022] SGHC(A) 16 at [10]).

23 In light of the above, and having heard the parties’ submissions, I am of
the view that the arguments raised by the Applicant are unmeritorious. I fully
agree with the DJ’s decision to dismiss SUM 706 which I have summarised at
[18] above. None of the three grounds laid down in Lee Kuan Yew were made out
to allow for the granting of permission to appeal. I shall briefly set out
below my views on the Applicant’s arguments.

There was no prima facie case of error

24 The Applicant alleges that there were four prima facie cases of error:

(a) the DJ wrongly disturbed the DR’s costs award which should not ordinarily
be tampered with; 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (“AWS”) at paras 14–20.

(b) the DJ failed to give due weight to the DR’s costs award; 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AWS at paras 21–25.

(c) the DJ conducted a detailed examination of matters relating to the OTS and
the determination of nominal damages which she should not have done; 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AWS at paras 26–29.

and

(d) the Rules of Court 2021 had been wrongly applied in RA 85. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AWS at paras 30–32.

25 Addressing the first and second allegations together, the Applicant submits
that the DJ had committed an error in disturbing the DR’s costs award.
According to the Applicant, the DJ could not have reached a just decision on
the issue of costs because she did not have “the benefit of having heard [DC
45] from conception to conclusion” unlike the DR. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AWS at para 18.

Furthermore, the Applicant alleges that the DJ failed to accord due weight to
the DR’s costs award. The Applicant accepts that while it is trite law that a
judge in chambers is entitled to exercise his discretion unfettered by that of
the Registrar, due weight should be given to the latter’s decision: Tan Boon
Heng v Lau Pang Cheng David [2013] 4 SLR 718 at [22].

26 I am unable to accept that the DJ could not have reached a just decision on
the issue of costs simply because she did not have “the benefit of having
heard [DC 45] from conception to conclusion”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AWS at para 18.

If this were so, this would mean that every appellate decision by an
adjudicator not involved in proceedings below would necessarily lead to a
prima facie case of error for which an appeal would lie. Furthermore, the
Applicant has no basis to substantiate her allegation that the DJ had failed
to accord due weight to the DR’s costs award beyond emphasising that the DR
was better placed to make the costs award. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AWS at para 24.

However, a perusal of the DJ’s oral grounds in RA 85 dated 10 March 2023 shows
that the DJ had expressly considered the DR’s costs award and that the DR had
erred by omitting to consider the OTS costs regime. Specifically, the DJ found
that it was “almost certain” that the DR omitted to consider the OTS costs
regime when making the decision on costs because: (a) there was no record of
the OTS costs regime being raised in parties’ costs submissions in the hearing
after the decision on assessment of damages was rendered; (b) although the
existence of the OTS was mentioned briefly by the Defendant’s counsel after
the decision on liability was rendered, there was no indication that the DR
considered this in her award on costs; and that (c) the DR’s oral remarks
before awarding costs were brief and failed to mention the OTS costs regime.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Notes of Evidence of 10 March 2023 at p 19, para 34.

In the circumstances, the DJ had properly applied her mind to the DR’s costs
award and there was no prima facie case of error in this regard.

27 Turning to address the third alleged error, the Applicant takes issue with
the DJ for having gone into a “detailed examination of all the matters in
reaching her decision in [RA 85] such as going into a detailed examination of
matters relating to the OTS and the determination of nominal damages.” 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AWS at para 27.

The Applicant relies on the High Court decision of Essar Steel Ltd v
Bayerische Landesbank and others [2004] SGHC 90 at [14] which in turn cites
Hoddle v CCF Construction [1992] 2 All ER 550 (“Hoddle”) at 550–551 for the
proposition that “it would not be in the interests of justice if judges in
chambers entered into detailed examination of all the matters that were before
the master in order to decide whether they would have come to the same
decision as the master”.

28 In my view, the DJ’s purportedly “detailed examination” of the DR’s
decision does not raise a prima facie case of error in and of itself. The
relevant passage in Hoddle (at 550–551) merits reproduction in full:

[I]t would be highly undesirable as a matter of general principle that a judge
[in chambers] should intervene and make different orders as to costs from that
made by a master, unless it can be shown by the appellant that the master
demonstrably erred in the exercise of his discretion in the order that he
made. If it can be shown that the master took into account matters that he
should not have taken into account or failed to take into account matters that
he should have taken into account, in those circumstances the judge in
chambers would be entitled to vary the order made by the master, but in my
judgment it would not be in the interests of justice if judges in chambers
entered into detailed examination of all the matters that were before the
master in order to decide whether they would have come to the same decision as
the master. Generally speaking, in my judgment, judges in chambers should not
allow appeals against costs orders by masters, unless it can be shown that the
order made was unreasonable or erred in law or, as I have indicated, either
failed to take into account proper matters or took into account matters that
should not have been taken into account.

[emphasis added]

From the passage above, it can be seen that while the court in Hoddle had
cautioned against going into too detailed an examination of the matters below,
the court nonetheless accepted that appeals against costs awards can be
allowed where the award made was unreasonable, resulted from an error of law
or resulted from the failure to take into account proper matters or from the
taking into account of matters which should not have been taken into account.

29 I am of the view that the DJ did not err in allowing the appeal in RA 85
because the DJ correctly found that the DR failed to properly consider the OTS
in making the costs award. None of the purported errors referred to in the
Applicant’s affidavit qualify as prima facie cases of error warranting the
grant of permission to appeal. The Applicant refers to the Respondent’s 21
November 2022 Letter where the Respondent had set out the circumstances
surrounding the OTS and argued for the costs award by the DR to be
reconsidered in view of the OTS. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Applicant’s 18 April 2023 Affidavit at p 53.

The Applicant states that, despite the Respondent’s arguments on the OTS in
the Respondent’s 21 November 2022 Letter, the DR had replied on 23 November
2022 that the DR’s decision on costs was to stand. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Applicant’s 18 April 2023 Affidavit at para 37.

Therefore, the Applicant submits that the DJ’s view that the DR had not
considered the issue of the OTS is “mere speculation”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Applicant’s 18 April 2023 Affidavit at paras 33–40.

30 I am unable to accept the Applicant’s argument that there was a prima facie
case of error here. First, the DJ had explained that, in the absence of any
reasoned decision by the DR on why the OTS did not affect the DR’s decision on
costs, the DJ concluded that the OTS had not been properly considered. Second,
the DJ was entitled to consider the matter afresh in RA 85. Whilst the DR’s
decision was to be considered when deciding RA 85, costs is a matter of
discretion and the DJ was entitled to decide on the issue of costs differently
from the DR. The DJ considered the principles relating to costs and whether
the judgment obtained by the Applicant was one which was not more favourable
than the terms of the OTS. Ultimately, as was stated in Bellingham, Alex v
Reed, Michael [2022] 4 SLR 513 at [100]–[101], an applicant must show
something more than just his disagreement with the court’s decision. In the
present case, the Applicant has failed to show a prima facie case of error in
relation to the DJ’s consideration of the OTS in arriving at her decision to
allow the Respondent’s appeal in RA 85.

31 In her affidavit, the Applicant also alludes to a potential error by the DJ
in arriving at her decision that the judgment obtained by the Applicant was
one which was not more favourable than the terms of the OTS. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Applicant’s 18 April 2023 Affidavit at paras 29–30.

The Applicant asserts that there were reasons to reject the OTS. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Applicant’s 18 April 2023 Affidavit at para 29.

Further, the Applicant argues that she had won in DC 45 as there was a finding
that the Respondent had breached the SA and the Applicant was awarded nominal
damages. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Applicant’s 18 April 2023 Affidavit at para 30.

32 I am unable to see how there was a prima facie case of error in this
regard. The DJ had taken into consideration that the Applicant had won on the
issue of liability as the Respondent had breached the SA and the Applicant was
awarded nominal damages. On the issue of whether the judgment obtained by the
Applicant was one which was not more favourable than the terms of the OTS, the
DJ applied the well-settled principles which include the following: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Notes of Evidence of 10 March 2023 at pp 12–13, para 22.

(a) Order 22A r 9(3) of the ROC 2014 provides that the defendant should be
awarded costs on an indemnity basis from the date on which an offer to settle
was served if the offer to settle is one which had not been withdrawn and had
not expired before the disposal of the suit and if the judgment obtained by
the plaintiff is one which was not more favourable than the terms of the offer
to settle. This is based on the principle that where the requirements above
are fulfilled, the plaintiff should have accepted the offer to settle instead
of proceeding to judgment (see NTUC Foodfare Co-operative Ltd v SIA
Engineering Co Ltd and another [2018] 2 SLR 1043 at [25]).

(b) The monetary sum offered in an offer to settle is only one factor to be
taken into account in determining whether the judgment obtained by the
plaintiff is more favourable than an offer to settle (see CCM Industrial Pte
Ltd v Uniquetech Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 20 at [40]).

(c) There is nothing in Order 22A r 9(3) of the ROC 2014 which requires an
offer to settle to be one which settles the entirety of the proceedings, or
which prevents an offer to settle from dealing with non-monetary claims (see
Ram Das V N P v SIA Engineering Co Ltd [2015] 3 SLR 267 (“Ram Das”) at [30]
and [42]).

(d) What is important in assessing an offer to settle is whether it is a
serious and genuine offer to settle (see Ram Das at [46]).

(e) While the plaintiff may derive some non-monetary value from obtaining a
judgment, this is subjective and incapable of precise quantification.
Therefore, as a matter of principle, the non-monetary value that the plaintiff
may obtain from a judgment should not be accounted for when analysing whether
the judgment obtained by the plaintiff is one which was not more favourable
than the terms of the offer to settle (see Michael Vaz Lorrain v Singapore
Rifle Association [2021] 1 SLR 513 at [56]–[57]).

33 When applying the principles above, it is clear that the DJ’s position that
the judgment obtained by the Applicant was not more favourable than the terms
of the OTS is correct. I would add that whatever the Applicant’s subjective
intentions may have been in rejecting the OTS, this would have no bearing per
se on the objective inquiry of whether the judgment obtained by the Applicant
was one which was or was not more favourable than the terms of the OTS. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at paras 58–59.

Considering the terms of the OTS with the judgment ultimately obtained by the
Applicant, I am unable to agree with the Applicant that there was a prima
facie case of error in the DJ’s finding that the judgment was not more
favourable than the terms of the OTS.

34 Finally, on the fourth and last alleged error, the Applicant argues that
the Respondent had wrongly applied the Rules of Court 2021 instead of the ROC
2014 in mounting his appeal in RA 85. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AWS at paras 30–32.

However, as the DJ had noted (see [18(c)] above), the DJ was fully aware that
it was the ROC 2014 which applied in RA 85. Further, the substantive law was
the same in both the ROC 2014 and the Rules of Court 2021, a point accepted by
the Applicant’s counsel at the hearing of SUM 706. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Notes of Evidence of 13 April 2023 at p 3.

Therefore, it is again unclear how this amounts to a prima facie case of
error.

35 For the above reasons, I find that there was no prima facie case of error
committed by the DJ which would allow this Court to grant the Applicant’s
application for permission to appeal against the DJ’s decision.

There was no question of general principle which was decided for the first
time

36 The Applicant makes a passing assertion in her affidavit that “there are
general principles to be addressed”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Applicant’s 18 April 2023 Affidavit at para 46.

However, I note that the Applicant appears not to be pursuing this point as
her written submissions do not elaborate on the general principles which were
decided, much less which general principles were decided for the first time.

37 In my view, when deciding on the merits of the case in RA 85, the DJ had
applied the well-settled principles relating to the determination of whether
the judgment obtained by the Applicant was one which was not more favourable
than the terms of the OTS (see [32] above where I have set out the principles
which apply when determining the issue of favourability). There is nothing in
the DJ’s decision which suggests that there was a general principle being
decided for the first time. It was an application of the well-settled
principles which led to the conclusion that the judgment obtained by the
Applicant was not more favourable than the terms of the OTS. On this basis,
the DJ concluded that the costs consequences provided for in O 22A r 9(3) of
the ROC 2014 should follow. In other words, the Applicant was entitled to
costs on the standard basis until 17 March 2020 which was when the OTS was
served and the Respondent was entitled to costs on the indemnity basis from
the date the OTS was served on 17 March 2020 until 18 November 2022 which was
when the DR made her decision on damages.

38 Therefore, in the absence of any further argument or elaboration by the
Applicant, I am unable to accept the bare assertion by the Applicant that
there are general principles to be addressed for the first time.

Conclusion

39 In conclusion, I agree with the DJ that there was no prima facie case of
error or question of general principle decided for the first time.
Accordingly, there is no basis for granting permission to the Applicant to
appeal against the DJ’s decision on costs and the Applicant’s application must
be dismissed.

40 I shall now hear the parties on costs to be awarded to the Respondent.

Tan Siong Thye  
Senior Judge| |   
---|---|---  
  
Ng Hweelon and Isabel Ho Ci Xian (Isabel He Cixian) (Titanium Law Chambers
LLC) for the applicant;

Sharon Chong Chin Yee and Kwong Yan Li Callie (RHTLaw Asia LLP) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 20 Jul 2023 (09:47 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

