Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHCF 34

Divorce (Transferred) No 2504 of 2018

(Summonses Nos 235 of 2022, 27 and 133 of 2023)

Between

VHK

… Plaintiff

And

VHL

… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Family Law] — [Custody] – [Access]

[Family Law] – [Custody] – [Care and control]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
VHK

  
v

  

VHL

[2023] SGHCF 34

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Divorce (Transferred)
No 2504 of 2018 (Summonses Nos 235 of 2022, 27 and 133 of 2023)  
Choo Han Teck J  
25 October 2022, 6, 8-10, 14 February, 8, 12 May, 21 July 2023

25 July 2023.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff (the “Mother”) and the defendant (the “Father”) solemnized and
registered their marriage in Singapore on 19 March 2013 and married again (as
recorded in their joint summary) on 28 March 2013 in the United States of
America (“US”). The Father is a 57 years old American citizen residing in the
US where he works as a specialist doctor. The Mother is 48 years old and is a
Singapore citizen. She holds a master’s degree from a university in the US.
She was formerly the owner of an online tutoring business and a part-time
account manager. Her current employment status is unknown.

2 The parties lived in Hawaii from 2013 until they relocated to Florida in
2014. Their daughter was born on 26 March 2014 in the US (“the Child”). She is
now 9 years old, and holds both Singapore and American citizenships. In early
2016, the Mother left the Father and moved back to Hawaii with the Child,
where she subsequently filed for divorce in September 2016. However, pending
the outcome of her divorce application, the Mother had relocated to Singapore
with the Child in early 2018. Therefore, given that she was no longer
domiciled in the US, her divorce application in the US was dismissed on 30 May
2018 for lack of jurisdiction.

3 On 31 May 2018, the Mother commenced divorce proceedings in Singapore.
Interim judgment of divorce was granted on 13 November 2018 and the ancillary
matters (“AM”) were heard by Tan Puay Boon JC on 15 November 2019. Prior to
the AM hearing, the parties made numerous applications to the court,
concerning interim maintenance, interim access to the Child, and cross-
applications for committal proceedings. The following were some of those
interim orders made:

(a) under FC/ORC 2667/2019, the Father was to contribute monthly interim
maintenance of $4,055.00 and $2,400.00 respectively for the Child and the
Mother with effect from March 2019;

(b) under FC/ORC 1705/2019, the Father was granted interim access pending the
making of the ancillary orders; and

(c) in committal proceedings brought by the parties respectively in FC/SUM
2447/2019 and FC/SUM 2977/2019, both the Mother and the Father were found to
be in breach of FC/ORC 1705/2019 and fined.

4 Tan JC gave his decision on the AM on 24 June 2020. He gave joint custody of
the Child to the parents, and care and control to the Mother, with access to
the Father. Tan JC was of the view that the Mother was more suitable to be the
primary caretaker of the Child. Since 2018, the Mother and the Child have been
residing in Singapore. The terms of the Father’s access included video access
thrice per week, three weeks of access during the Child’s summer vacation when
the Father travels to Singapore, and Christmas access on alternate years when
the Mother brings the Child to visit the Father in the US. The Father’s access
was ordered to be a hybrid of supervised and unsupervised access, to
facilitate the cultivation of the father-daughter relationship.

5 The AM orders were not operationalised smoothly and led to further disputes
between the parties — the Father requested for further arguments, and the
Mother complained to court on two other occasions. Tan JC heard these matters
on 12 November 2020. By this time, the parties had discharged their counsel,
and appeared in-person. At the hearing, the parties raised issues concerning
access orders made by JC Tan. The main issue was the Father’s allegation that
the Mother had been violating the video access orders — that the Mother was
uncooperative and did not want to communicate with him directly. The Father
further said that the Mother had been disruptive during the stipulated video
access times, by hanging up the call on him and pressuring the Child to hang
up on him. He said that the Mother’s conduct amounted to parental alienation,
which had caused the video access arrangements to “deteriorate to the point
where [the Child] doesn’t talk at all anymore”.

6 After hearing the parties on 12 November 2020, Tan JC made amendments to the
original AM orders, of which the following are pertinent to the present
proceedings:

(a) for urgent travels involving the Child, notice of travel is to be provided
to the Father as soon as practicable if there was no opportunity to give one
month’s notice;

(b) for travels involving the Child, the Mother is to provide the contact
number of a third party whom the Father could reach in the event of any
emergency;

(c) the first visit of the Child to the US, subject to the prevailing
restrictions on travel because of the Covid-19 pandemic at that time, was to
be in 2021 during the Christmas vacation. The first visit of the Child to the
US during the summer vacation was to be in 2022, subject to mutual agreement
and to the prevailing restrictions on travel due to the COVID-19 pandemic; and

(d) video access sessions by the Father to the Child are to take place on
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays. Each session is to commence at 7.30pm
Singapore time, and would be for a minimum of 15 minutes and limited to a
maximum of 30 minutes.

7 The Mother continued to disregard the orders of Tan JC, and consequently,
the Father made applications for committal against the Mother. Previously, in
mid-2019, there was an application by the Father in FC/SUM 2447/2019, for
committal for the breach of the consent order (dated 28 March 2019) See [3]
above. The Mother was held in contempt for failing to give the Father the
requisite unsupervised access, the requisite advance written notice of 3 hours
for any cancellation of video access, and video access. The Father had also
breached the same consent order, and FC/SUM 2977/2019 was the Mother’s
application for committal against the Father. The court found the Father in
contempt for making disparaging remarks against the Mother to the Child. On 16
December 2021, the Father filed HCF/SUM 363/2021 for an order of committal for
contempt of court with respect to the orders made by Tan JC. On 18 May 2022,
Debbie Ong J (as she then was) found the Mother only to be in breach of Tan
JC’s orders pertaining to the division of matrimonial assets. She held that
she was not in breach of the access orders because of the disruptions due to
the Covid-19 pandemic. She imposed a fine of $3,500 but suspended it for two
weeks for the Mother to purge the contempt. The Mother did not purge the
contempt and duly paid the fine on 19 August 2022.

8 Dissatisfied with the access orders, the Father applied in HCF/SUM 235/2022
to vary the access orders made by Tan JC, which I heard on 25 October 2022. He
asked for overseas access where the Child would travel to the US to live with
him for three weeks, with unsupervised overnight access. I varied the orders
made by Tan JC, and ordered the Mother to bring the Child to Florida from 24
December 2022 to 6 January 2023. I also asked to see the Child in February
2023. In breach of my order, the Child was not brought to the US to see the
Father.

9 The interview of the Child was fixed for 8 February 2023. On that day, the
Mother appeared — alone. She told the court that “the Child does not want to
see the Court”. I impressed upon her the coercive force of a court order and
gave the Mother another chance to comply with the order by fixing another
interview the next morning. However, the Mother replied, “I would state on
record that she does not want to see the Court”. On 9 February 2023, she
appeared before me — again alone. She maintained that the Child did not wish
to see me and added that “[the Child] is American and knows her rights”. She
added that the Child had a message for the court, but declined to permit the
Child to attend court.

10 Apart from disobeying the orders to bring the Child to the court, the
Mother also failed to comply with my previous orders in HCF/SUM 235/2022, in
particular, the order to bring the Child to the US for the Father to exercise
his overseas access. The Father thus commenced HCF/SUM 27/2023, for leave to
commence committal proceedings against the Mother. I granted leave on 10
February 2023, and a hearing date was fixed for 8 May 2023. As the Mother
faced the prospect of imprisonment for contempt of court, I asked the Father
to appear in person so that care and control of the Child may be transferred
to him temporarily in the event that the Mother is held in contempt of court.

11 On 8 May 2023, the Mother was absent, and according to the Father, the
Mother had sent him an email on 3 May 2023 that read “Destination: Annecy [a
city in France]. Date: 3 May 2023. Emergency contact: same”. On the same
morning, the Mother had written an email to the Registry of the Family Justice
Courts and the Father, saying that she was unable to return to Singapore as
the Child, who was with her, had been feeling unwell. The Mother had taken the
Child overseas just before the hearing and did not turn up on the day of the
hearing because the Child was allegedly ill. There was no indication of what
the illness was, nor was there any medical certificate evidencing the illness.
I thus ordered a warrant of arrest for the Mother on 8 May 2023, and adjourned
the hearing to 12 May 2023. I also ordered that the Child Protection Services
(“CPS”) take steps to take over care and control of the Child until further
arrangements can be made. At the hearing on 12 May 2023, five days after the
Child’s alleged illness, the Mother was again absent. She sent another email
to the Registry stating that the Child is still unwell. Again, no evidence was
provided by the Mother to show that the Child was unwell, despite this being
the second hearing the Mother had failed to attend. I then made the following
orders:

(a) that the Father’s committal application in HCF/SUM 27/2022, the summons
for variation of the access orders in HCF/SUM 235/2022 and the summons to vary
the care and control orders in HCF/SUM 133/2022 are to be adjourned to a date
to be fixed;

(b) in the interim, that the Child is to be taken into custody by the CPS as
soon as she returns to Singapore;

(c) the CPS is to ensure that the Father has access according to the existing
access orders, with video-link access to take place without the presence of
the Mother; and

(d) liberty to the Father to apply for two weeks full access.

12 I asked the Father whether he was still having video access with the Child.
He said that it was practically meaningless because the Mother turned off the
microphone so that the Child could not speak. She also turned off the speaker
so that the Child could not hear him. I asked if all he had was just to see
the Child’s face on the screen. He said not even that because the Mother used
the Child’s hair to cover her (the Child’s) face.

13 On both hearing dates in May 2023 the Mother was as defiant as she had been
in all previous appearances before this and other courts. Judges try to bear
with impertinence, knowing that some rude people may eventually be won over,
and others, safely channelled into oblivion simply by ignoring them. But no
court should ignore or condone a blatant defiance of its orders, for the court
is a public office in service of society. The judge is not pampering his own
ego by punishing the offender. He is upholding the honour of the office and
maintaining respect not so much to him but that office. I was thus left with
no alternative but to order a warrant for the Mother’s arrest.

14 The warrant was issued on 10 May 2023 by the police. The Mother has not
returned and the warrant has not been executed. The Father applied under
HCF/SUM 133/2023 on 11 May 2023 to reverse the previous order for care and
control. That summons, together with the HCF/SUM 27/2023 for committal and
HCF/SUM 235/2022 to modify access orders were fixed for hearing on 21 July
2023.

15 On 21 July 2023, the Father and the Mother both appeared via Zoom. The
Mother refuses to disclose her physical location on the ground that there is a
warrant of arrest against her, thereby evincing a clear intention of evading
arrest. The Mother could have asked for the warrant of arrest to be rescinded
on her undertaking to return, but she did not. It has been more than two
months since the warrant was issued on 10 May 2023. The Mother has always been
in touch via email and zoom. She is clearly using the warrant of arrest as an
excuse to flee jurisdiction. I made no order as to HCF/SUM 235/2022 as events
have overtaken its relevance, especially with HCF/SUM 133/2023 in which the
Father seeks to reverse the order for care and control. He asked for his
summons to be amended to include granting him sole custody of the Child so as
to facilitate the enforcement of the orders of court. I allowed the amendment
and granted an order in terms, hence giving the Father sole custody, care and
control of the Child. I trust that having the experience he had, the Father
will comply with the terms of access for the Mother now that the roles are
reversed. But first, mother and child have to be located. HCF/SUM 27/2023 is
adjourned until such time as the Mother is physically before this court.

16 Had the Mother applied to have the warrant rescinded, it would likely have
been granted upon terms that she returns and brings the Child before the
court. The Mother is still at liberty to so apply. Until such time as she
does, she remains a fugitive of her own volition.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Plaintiff in-person;  
Defendant in-person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 26 Jul 2023 (08:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

