Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 57

Tax Appeal No 10 of 2022

In the matter of Section 81(2) of the Income Tax Act 1947

And

In the matter of Section 81(2) of the Income Tax Act

And

In the matter of Section 81(2) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134)

And

In the Matter of a Grounds of Decision dated 29 August 2022

made in Income Tax Board of Review Appeal No 3 of 2019

Between

Singapore Cement Manufacturing Company (Private) Limited

… Applicant

And

Comptroller of Income Tax

… Respondent

judgment

[Revenue Law — Income taxation — Capital allowance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Singapore Cement Manufacturing Co (Pte) Ltd

  
v

  
Comptroller of

Income Tax

[2023] SGHC 57

General Division of the High Court — Tax Appeal No 10 of 2022  
Choo Han Teck J  
1 March 2023

10 March 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal by Singapore Cement Manufacturing Pte Ltd (“the
appellant”) for accelerated capital allowance under s 19A of the Income Tax
Act (Cap 134, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ITA”). Its claim, pertaining to a cement silo
constructed in 2013 (“the Silo”), was rejected by the Comptroller of Income
Tax (“the Comptroller”), and the appellant appealed to the Income Tax Board of
Review (“the Board”), which dismissed its appeal. The appellant is a Singapore
incorporated company in the business of importing cement for distribution and
sale to concrete suppliers in Singapore. Prior to 2011, the appellant had only
been importing Japanese ONADA Brand Ordinary Portland Cement (“OPC”). In 2011,
the appellant began importing a new type of cement under the Japanese TAIHEYO
brand, known as Portland fly-ash cement (“PFAC”). In 2013, the appellant
constructed the Silo in preparation for the increased demand of PFAC. The Silo
has a capacity of 24,000 tons. Although the appellant intended the Silo to be
used for storage and distribution of PFAC, it is not disputed that the Silo
can store any type of cement.

2 The appellant receives cement by ship, with an average of 11,000 tons of
cement received per shipment. Cement trucks that distribute the cement to the
appellant’s customers can only carry 35 tons of cement per trip. As cement
trucks cannot be loaded directly from the ship, 11,000 tons of cement is
offloaded into the Silo in the 3 days that a ship docks at the Jurong Port
(“the offloading process”). The unloading of the shipment is a continuous
24-hour operation that only stops during inclement weather. Once the shipment
is completely offloaded, over the next seven to eight working days, the 11,000
tons of cement is dispensed in batches of 35 tons into cement trucks for
distribution (“the batching process”). However, unlike the offloading of
shipments into the Silo, this batching process is not continuous as there are
breaks during the times the cement is not being loaded onto the trucks. There
is no processing or transformation of the cement inside the Silo. Other than
filtration as the cement enters the last portion of the Silo, the cement is
dispensed in the same form it enters the Silo.

3 The Silo is purpose-built for optimum storage and distribution. It is a
cylindrical structure with a height of 65 metres and a diameter of 23 metres.
It consists of two sections — a section representing approximately the top
two-thirds of the volume of the Silo, where cement is stored after it is
unloaded from the ship (“the storage section”), and a section representing
approximately the bottom one-third of the volume of the Silo which contains
equipment for dispensing the cement into trucks (“the dispensing section”).
Cement is loaded from the ships into the Silo from the top and is dispensed
from the bottom into the awaiting trucks.

4 Each time a ship with PFAC docks at the Jurong Port, the offloading and
batching processes begin. Some 11,000 tons of cement begin their journey from
the docked ship through the cantilever air slider bridge (the “Cantilever Air
Slider Bridge”) to the Silo, where it is lifted to the roof of the Silo by a
bucket elevator (“the Bucket Elevator”) that feeds into the storage section.
The cement falls by gravity to the base of the storage section, which takes
the shape of an inverted cone (“the Inverted Cone”). The circumference of the
inverted cone is lined with pneumatic valves (“the Pneumatic Valves”) which
separate the storage section and the dispensing section. These Pneumatic
Valves are essentially the gateway for cement to flow into the dispensing
section. When the Silo is ready to dispense, the Pneumatic Valves are opened,
allowing the cement to flow into the dispensing section. Bearing in mind that
the Pneumatic Valves are along the circumference of the inverted cone, eight
fluid slides (“the Fluid Slides”) direct the cement flowing through the
Pneumatic Valves inwards into an aerated bin (“the Aerated Bin”) in the centre
of the Silo. The aerated bin is temperature regulated by heated compressed air
from the blowers (“the Blowers”) below. The Blowers are regulated by a
computer system (“the Computer System”). Cement from the aerated bin passes
through the vibrating filter (“the Vibrating Filter”) where unusable cement is
removed, before it enters the batching chute (“the Batching Chute”) through
which it is finally dispensed into the awaiting cement truck parked on the
weighbridge (“the Weighbridge”) that ensures all cement trucks are loaded
uniformly in weight.

5 On 3 June 2016, the appellant, through their tax agents, applied for an
advance tax ruling under s 108 of the ITA as to whether the Silo qualifies as
a plant, and therefore be entitled to an accelerated capital allowance under s
19A of the ITA. The Comptroller is of the view that the Silo comprises various
assets, all of which may be classified as either structural or functional
assets. The Comptroller disallowed the appellant’s claim on the former (the
structural assets), but allowed the claim on the latter, the functional
assets, namely, the mechanical and electrical equipment installed within the
Silo that perform operational functions relating to the dispensing of cement.
These equipment are (in order of their usage in the offloading and batching
processes described above):

(a) The Bag Filter System;

(b) The Cantilever Air Slider Bridge;

(c) The Bucket Elevator;

(d) The Pneumatic Valves;

(e) The Fluid Slides;

(f) The Aerated Bin;

(g) The Blowers;

(h) The Computer System;

(i) The Vibrating Filters;

(j) The Batching Chute; and

(k) The Weighbridges.

(collectively, the “Equipment”)

6 The Comptroller disallowed capital allowances on the former group, which
comprised:

(a) The Silo Walls; (which form the structure of the Silo)

(b) The Inverted Cone;

(c) The Top House (which houses the Bucket Elevator);

(d) The Pigeon House; (which houses the Bag Filter System);

(e) The Blower Room; (which houses the Blower); and

(f) The Control Room (which houses the Computer System).

(collectively, the “Disputed Assets”)

7 The value of the two categories are as follows:

Description| Amount  
---|---  
Equipment (capital allowance allowed)| $3,443,890  
Disputed Assets (capital allowance disallowed)| $14,635,481  
  
8 Dissatisfied, the appellant appealed to the Board against the Comptroller’s
decision disallowing capital allowances for the Disputed Assets. The Board,
after hearing parties and conducting a site visit to the Silo, found for the
Comptroller. The central issue in this appeal was whether the Board was
correct in finding that the Silo was a building as opposed to a plant.

9 Counsel for the appellant, Mr Vikna Rajah, argues that the Board erred in
law and fact. First, he says that the Board misapplied the leading decision of
ZF v Comptroller of Income Tax [2011] 1 SLR 1044 (“ZF”) by not applying the
cases of Schofield v R&H Hall (1974) 49 TC 538 (“Schofield”) and Inland
Revenue Commissioners v Barclay, Curle & Co Ltd [1969] 1 WLR 675 (“Barclay
Curle”), which he submits were endorsed by the Court of Appeal in ZF.
According to counsel, these cases would have inclined the Board to find that
the Silo is a plant. Secondly, he says that the Board erred in applying the
factors in ZF by focussing on the physical characteristics of the Silo without
giving due consideration to its active operational functions. Thirdly, he says
that the Board erred in fact in failing to regard the Equipment and the
Disputed Assets together as an integrated whole. Lastly, he says that the
Board erred by taking into consideration the previous tax treatment of the
appellant’s other silos (which is not in issue in this appeal) under the
Industrial Building Allowance.

10 As the Court of Appeal explained in ZF (at [72]), the question of whether
an asset is a plant is a question of fact:

72 We turn first to Mr Aw’s alternative argument, that the question of whether
the Appellant’s dormitories were “plant” is one of fact and degree and that
the answer given by the Board should be treated as decisive unless it was an
unreasonable conclusion on the facts. While we agree completely with Mr Aw’s
statement of the law, we are of the view that both the Board and the learned
Judge below had, with respect, erred in law (as opposed to fact) by focusing
on the sole factor of the dormitories being used as the “setting” or
“premises” for the taxpayer’s business without taking into consideration other
relevant factors. The Board, in arriving at its decision, had expressly
disregarded the fact that the dormitories were portable and demountable, and
that they were only intended to be situated at the Site for nine years at the
most.

If the Board was correct in law and the appeal is merely on the facts — that
the Board applied the factors referred to in ZF erroneously when it found that
the Silo is not a plant, then for the appeal to succeed, counsel for the
appellant has to show that the Board’s finding was an “unreasonable
conclusion”. An appellate court examines the record of appeal, whereas the
Board, as a specialist tribunal, not only hears evidence from witnesses, but
also, as in this case, visits the site to see the Silo.

11 On the appellant’s first argument, I do not think that the Board had erred
in law. I do not agree with Mr Rajah’s argument that the Board misunderstood
ZF by not applying the cases of Schofield and Barclay Curle. The mutually
exclusive categorisation of “plant” and “building” is not disputed. It is
further agreed between the parties that in situations where an asset has
characteristics that may justify a classification as both “plant” and
“building”, the question is, which category is more appropriate in the
circumstances.

12 The appellant’s basis for saying that the Board erred is that Schofield and
Barclay Curle are relevant in establishing that the Silo is a plant. I
disagree with Mr Rajah — although these cases provide examples of what other
jurisdictions consider to be a plant, it is of no help to our courts when we
are faced with the question of whether an asset is a plant or building under
Singapore law. Counsel for the appellant accepts that those cases were decided
under the UK’s income tax law which allows an asset to be classified as both a
building and a plant. Accordingly, the courts deciding those cases did not
have to determine whether the asset was either a plant or a building. Thus,
even if those cases are relevant insofar as they describe the character of a
plant, they are of limited value because they offer no help in determining
whether the Silo is a plant or building. That was precisely the question
before the Board. It is, of course, not disputed that the Silo has certain
characteristics of a “plant” — were this not the case, there would have been
no dispute to begin with. Thus, the Board did not err in law by finding that
these cases are of no relevance when a court has to consider on the facts,
whether the Silo was a plant or a building.

13 I am of the view that the Board’s findings were reasonable, and I affirm
their finding that the Silo is a building as opposed to a plant. Mr Rajah also
submits that the Board had erred in finding that the operational function of
the Silo was the storage and housing of equipment and cement. The appellant
claims that the Silo performs the following six active operational functions
in relation to the cement: transportation, control, filtration, batching,
preservation and protection. However, the batching process described above
shows that the first four functions of transportation, control, filtration,
and batching of cement are performed only by the Equipment (for which the
appellant has already been granted capital allowances). As for the remaining
two functions of preservation and protection that the appellant says are also
performed by the Silo, I agree with counsel for the Comptroller, Mr Bjorn Lee,
that those are functions that can be equally performed by, and are in fact,
integral to a building. If the function of protection and preservation is
allowed as a factor pointing in favour of an asset being characterised as a
plant, the distinction between plants and buildings (such as warehouses and
storage facilities) will be blurred. Excluding the Equipment for which the
appellant had been granted capital allowance, the function of the Disputed
Assets is storage and housing. This was what the Board found, and I am of the
view that it is correct.

14 The final argument advanced on the appellant’s behalf is that the Board was
wrong not to have treated the Silo as an indivisible whole. To this end, the
appellant’s counsel reasons analogously to Schofield and Commissioner of
Inland Revenue v Waitaki International Ltd [1990] 3 NZLR 27 (“Waitaki”) where
the grain silos and a cold storage room were respectively considered to be a
plant. However, as Mr Lee correctly points out, these cases were decided in
jurisdictions that permit an asset to be both a building and a plant
simultaneously. In these jurisdictions, the inquiry of whether an asset is a
plant is separate from whether it is a building — so long as it can be
independently established that an asset is a plant, it is irrelevant that it
is also a building. Thus, these cases do not support the appellant’s
proposition of the indivisibility of assets, because the question of
divisibility could not have arisen in those cases as there is no rule of
mutual exclusivity between plants and buildings — unlike Singapore law.

15 Section 19A of the ITA does not preclude the Comptroller from classifying
parts of the Silo as separate assets for differentiation for tax purposes. In
my view, this is a necessary power, without which, every asset must be
classified on an all-or-nothing basis. There are many assets that contain
equipment giving them the features of a plant, but on the whole, it is more of
a building. Otherwise, the rule in ZF, when read strictly, may apply to plant-
like structures that are fixed to a building and would not be given the
allowance under s 19A.

16 Furthermore, breaking down an asset into its constituent smaller assets
makes it easier to distinguish between machinery, plant, and building vis-à-
vis one complex asset as a whole. For example, it ensures that a building
which houses only machinery (for example, a car assembly factory) does not
become a plant. In this case, the Comptroller rightly considered the Equipment
to be machinery and allowed capital allowance to be claimed on that basis. A
plant is something other than a building that has a functional purpose but
does not fit within the definition of machinery (for example, the temporary
housing in ZF). A building on the other hand carries with it a nuance of
permanence, being a built-up structure intended to house things and/or people.

17 I am of the view that the Comptroller’s assessment of the Silo as a
building with machinery is a fair and reasonable assessment. In any case, the
divisibility of the Equipment may be inferred from the appellant’s own
presentation of its case. The appellant provided separate cost schedules for
the construction of the Disputed Assets and the Equipment from the instant it
requested for an advance ruling. From the breakdown of the expenditure
incurred in the construction of the Silo, it is clear that the Silo could only
be fitted with the Equipment after the Disputed Assets were fully constructed.
Finally, it was not disputed that the Equipment is maintained by contractors
other than those maintaining the Disputed Assets. Thus, I agree with the
Board’s finding that the Equipment is separate from the Disputed Assets.

18 Even if the Board was wrong to have considered them as divisible assets, a
strong case could be made that the entire Silo resembles a building more than
it does a plant. The primary function of the Silo is still storage. The
Equipment provides the means by which the Silo is loaded and unloaded. But the
purpose of the Silo is to store the 11,000 tons of cement from the docked
ships, until it has been fully dispensed into the trucks.

19 Finally, although I have decided that the application of ZF alone justifies
the finding that the Silo is not a plant, I must address the appellant
counsel’s submission that the appellant’s other silos, which are essentially
the same in structure, are irrelevant to this appeal. I am of the opinion that
how other silos are treated for tax purposes is a relevant consideration. The
appellant is correct to say that the Comptroller is not bound by a tax
position which it adopts previously (except where administrative law
principles demand otherwise), but it cannot be claimed that a silo is a
building that qualifies for the Industrial Building Allowance (“IBA”) and also
said that the same silo is a plant that qualifies for capital allowance under
s 19A of the ITA. Capital allowance under s 19A of the ITA was not enacted as
a replacement to the IBA. The mutually exclusive classification of plant and
building laid down in ZF has been the law since 2010, when the IBA was still
in force (it is due to be phased out by 2023). The appellant’s submission
leaves a perplexing question to be answered as to how the Silo can qualify for
two different tax allowances, one specifically for buildings (the IBA) and the
other for plants (capital allowance under s 19A of the ITA) when the two are
mutually exclusive.

20 For the above-mentioned reasons, I am of the view that the Board was not
wrong to find that the Silo is a building and not a plant. The findings of the
Board, after a site visit to the Silo, cannot be said to be unreasonable. I
therefore dismiss the appeal.

21 I will hear the question of costs at a later date if parties are unable to
agree costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Vikna Rajah and Koh Chon Kiat (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the appellant;

Bjorn Lee Long Jin and Timothy Tan Ding Yuan (Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore (Law Division)) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 10 Mar 2023 (15:44 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

