Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 69

Originating Summons No 482 of 2021

Between

| COT  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| COU  
---|---  
(2)| COV  
(3)| COW  
  
… Defendants

Originating Summons No 489 of 2021

Between

| COV  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| COU  
---|---  
(2)| COW  
(3)| COT  
  
… Defendants

Originating Summons No 492 of 2021

Between

| COW  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| COU  
---|---  
(2)| COV  
(3)| COT  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Arbitration — Award — Recourse against award — Setting aside — Jurisdiction —
Validity of arbitration agreement — Whether validity of arbitration agreement
depends on validity of contract]

[Arbitration — Award — Recourse against award — Setting aside — Whether
tribunal breached natural justice by depriving party of reasonable opportunity
to respond to case against it]

[Arbitration — Arbitral tribunal — Jurisdiction — Matters submitted to
arbitration]

[Contract — Formation — Offer and acceptance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
COT

  
v

  

COU and others and other matters

[2023] SGHC 69

General Division of the High Court — Originating Summonses Nos 482 of 2021,
489 of 2021 and 492 of 2021  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
3 – 4, 25 February 2022

23 March 2023

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 Before me are three applications to set aside an arbitration award. The
award is in favour of the sole claimant in the arbitration and against all
three respondents in the arbitration. Because of a divergence of interests
between the respondents (see [14] below), each respondent was separately
represented in the arbitration and has brought its own application to set
aside the award.

2 To avoid confusion, and also to avoid revealing the parties’ identities, I
shall refer to all of the parties by their position in the arbitration and not
by their position in the three applications before me or by their anonymised
names in the title to these applications.

3 I have dismissed all three applications. Each respondent has appealed
against my decision. I therefore now set out the grounds for my decision.

Anonymisation

4 Pursuant to a consent order made under ss 22 and 23 of the International
Arbitration Act 1994 (2020 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

HC/ORC 5679/2021 dated 7 October 2021, extracted 13 October 2021.

I have preserved the parties’ anonymity in these grounds of decision by taking
five steps. First, I have not used the parties’ real names, either in the
title to or in the body of these grounds, as explained at [2] above. Second, I
shall refer to the country in which the second and third respondents are
incorporated as “Gondor” and the country in which the claimant is incorporated
as “Arnor”. Third, I have removed all information about the specific nature of
the goods that are at the heart of this dispute. I shall refer to these goods
simply as “Modules”. Fourth, I have assigned pseudonyms to each of the
employees or directors of the respondents who feature in these grounds.
Finally, I have expressed all sums of money using the fictitious currency
symbol “₴”. For ease of exposition, all sums of money in these grounds have
been rounded off to the nearest ₴10,000.

Background to the parties’ dispute

5 I begin by introducing the parties and setting out the background to their
dispute.

The parties in the arbitration

6 The claimant is a company incorporated in Arnor. It produces and supplies
Modules worldwide. The Modules are high technology and high value components
essential for a certain class of large and big budget public infrastructure
projects (“Infrastructure Projects”).

7 At all material times until October 2016, all three respondents were members
of the same multinational group of companies. I shall refer to this group as
“the Rohan Group”. Another member of the Rohan Group is a company which, for
reasons I will explain (see [12] below), I shall refer to as “the Procurement
Company”. The Procurement Company was not a party to the arbitration and is
therefore not a party to these applications. But the subject matter of the
arbitration from which these applications arise is the respondents’ alleged
liability to the claimant for the debt which the Procurement Company owes to
the claimant for Modules sold and delivered.

8 The Rohan Group comprises hundreds of companies around the world. The
business of the Rohan Group is to develop, finance, install, own and operate
Infrastructure Projects worldwide. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 17 at ABD Tab 2 (“Boromir’s 1st Affidavit”).

9 The first respondent is a company incorporated in Singapore. It is the Rohan
Group’s holding company for its business interests in two regions. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 32.

Gondor is in one of those two regions.

10 The second respondent is a company incorporated in Gondor. It is an
engineering, procurement and construction (“EPC”) contractor. Its business is
constructing and commissioning Infrastructure Projects for the Rohan Group in
Gondor. The arbitration arose out of one such project (“the Project”).

11 The third respondent is a company incorporated in Gondor. It is a special
purpose vehicle. The first respondent and the Procurement Company incorporated
the third respondent for the sole purpose of owning and operating the Project.

12 The Procurement Company is a company incorporated in Singapore. As its
anonymised name suggests, the Procurement Company is the Rohan Group’s
centralised procurement arm. Its role is to procure goods for the Rohan Group
from vendors around the world and to supply those goods to members of the
group after applying an intragroup markup. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit, para 37.

13 Until October 2016, the first respondent held 99.99% of the shares in both
the second and third respondents. Another member of the Rohan Group held the
remaining 0.01% of the shares in the second respondent. The Procurement
Company held the remaining 0.01% of the shares in the third respondent. In
October 2016, the Rohan Group sold the third respondent to an unrelated group
(“the Sauron Group”). In March 2017, the Rohan Group sold the second
respondent to another unrelated group of companies.

14 From March 2017, therefore, each respondent has been under separate
ownership: (a) the Rohan Group continues to own the first respondent; (b)
another unrelated group has owned the second respondent since March 2017; and
(c) the Sauron Group has owned the third respondent since October 2016. This
divergence of ownership, and therefore of interests, is why each respondent
was separately represented in the arbitration and has brought a separate
challenge to the award.

The contractual chain for supplying Modules to the Project

15 The Modules which the second respondent needed to complete the Project for
the third respondent were supplied under a chain of contracts entered into in
2015 and 2016. Under this chain: (a) the claimant sold Modules to the
Procurement Company; (b) the Procurement Company sold Modules to the second
respondent; and (c) the second respondent sold Modules to the third
respondent.

16 The contract between the claimant and the Procurement Company is called the
“Module Supply Agreement” (“the MSA”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 35.

They entered into the MSA in August 2015. Under the MSA, the claimant agreed
to sell Modules to the Procurement Company for use in the Rohan Group’s
Infrastructure Projects worldwide. This included, but was not limited to, the
Project. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/9/167-176 at ABD Tab 2.

17 It appears that there was no formal contract between the Procurement
Company and the second respondent. But the Procurement Company invoiced the
second respondent for the Modules which it supplied for all of the projects
for which the second respondent was the EPC. The second respondent accepts
that it was contractually bound to pay these invoices to the Procurement
Company. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 37.

18 The contract between the second respondent and the third respondent is
called the Equipment and Material Supply Contract (“the EMS Contract”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/32/345-434 at ABD Tab 2; Boromir’s 1st
Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 57, S/No. 6 at ABD Tab 2.

They entered into the EMS Contract in March 2016. Under the EMS Contract, the
second respondent was obliged to procure Modules for the Project and to supply
them to the third respondent. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/32-34/345-573 at ABD Tab 2.

19 The invoicing chain for the Modules followed the contractual chain. Where
the Modules were intended for the Project, the claimant delivered the Modules
directly to the second respondent in Gondor. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Award at para 47, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 224.

The second respondent then used the Modules to perform its obligations to the
third respondent under the EMS Contract.

The Procurement Company fails to pay the claimant

20 From August 2015 to March 2016, the claimant issued 13 invoices to the
Procurement Company for Modules which the claimant had delivered or was due to
deliver to the second respondent for the Project. The Procurement Company was
obliged to pay the claimant under these invoices the total sum of ₴29.40m.

21 In March 2016, ₴16.72m out of this ₴29.40m was already due for payment. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 39 read with HB/D/16/287, HB/D/18/294,
HB/D/20/299, HB/D/26/333, HB/D/27/335, HB/D/28/337, and HB/D/29/339 at ABD Tab
2.

A substantial part of this ₴16.72m was not just due but overdue for payment.
The claimant therefore suspended delivery of Modules for the Project until the
Procurement Company paid for all Modules already delivered for the Project,
even if payment was not yet due. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Legolas’s 3rd Affidavit at paras 13–14.

22 In an effort to persuade the claimant to resume delivering Modules for the
Project, senior executives of the Rohan Group entities doing business in
Gondor engaged in written and oral negotiations with the senior management of
the claimant in March 2016. I describe these negotiations in more detail at
[67]–[107] below.

23 On 18 March 2016, the claimant resumed delivering Modules for the Project.

24 In April 2016, the Rohan Group’s ultimate holding company sought protection
from creditors in rehabilitation proceedings commenced under Chapter 11 of the
United States Bankruptcy Code (“Chapter 11”). At the same time, the
Procurement Company as well as certain other Rohan Group companies also sought
protection under Chapter 11. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 62.

25 As a result of certain transactions in April and May 2016 (see [106]–[107]
below), the sum which the Procurement Company owed to the claimant was reduced
to ₴7.35m.

26 In June 2016, it became publicly known that the Sauron Group was to acquire
a portfolio of the Rohan Group’s assets in Gondor. This portfolio included all
the shares in the third respondent. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 67 and VB-3 Tab 34 at 95:10-95:17 at ABD Tab
2.

27 Towards the end of October 2016, representatives of the Sauron Group
entered into negotiations with the claimant in an effort to resolve the
claimant’s claim for ₴7.35m. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at paras 78-83.

These negotiations failed to reach an agreement. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 83.

The result was a three-way standoff. The Sauron Group’s position was that: (a)
the second respondent’s remaining liability for Modules was no more than
₴3.84m as set out in the second respondent’s books; and (b) in any event,
Gondor’s foreign exchange laws obliged the second respondent to pay that sum
to the Procurement Company (as the second respondent’s contractual
counterparty) and prohibited the second respondent from paying that sum
directly to the claimant (with whom the second respondent had no contract of
any kind). The Rohan Group’s position was that no money whatsoever should be
paid to the Procurement Company, as it was by then subject to the Chapter 11
proceedings. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

COT’s written submissions, para 70.

The claimant’s position was that it was a company under public ownership and
therefore could not accept a mere part payment in the sum of ₴3.84m to
discharge an indisputable claim for ₴7.35m for Modules sold and delivered. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/84/1598 at ABD Tab 2, see also
Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 57, S/No. 23 at ABD Tab 2

28 At the end of October 2016, the Rohan Group transferred its shares in the
second respondent and the third respondent to the Sauron Group.

29 In November 2016, representatives of the Rohan Group again attempted to
persuade the claimant to accept a part-payment of ₴3.84m from the Sauron Group
in exchange for issuing the manufacturers’ warranties for the Modules to the
third respondent, on the basis that the claimant could reserve its right to
recover the balance of the ₴7.35m from the Procurement Company. It was again
the claimant’s position that, as a company under public ownership, it could
not accept part-payment for an undisputable claim.

30 The following facts are therefore not in dispute. The claimant sold and
delivered Modules worth ₴7.35m to the Procurement Company who sold them on to
the second respondent who in turn sold them on to the third respondent. The
second respondent used the Modules to complete the Project for the third
respondent. The Project is operational, and the third respondent is earning
substantial revenue from it. The Procurement Company still owes the claimant
₴7.35m for the Modules. According to the second respondent, it owes the
Procurement Company only ₴3.84m for the Modules. According to the third
respondent, it has paid all sums due to the second respondent for the Modules.

The arbitration and the award

31 The claimant commenced the arbitration in April 2017. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/A/1/ at ABD Tab 2, pp 4-27.

The arbitration was administered by the Singapore International Arbitration
Centre (“SIAC”) but took place under the Rules of Conciliation and Arbitration
of the International Chamber of Commerce (“the ICC Rules”). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Award at para 11, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 158.

The tribunal was constituted in February 2019. The evidential hearings in the
arbitration took place over two days in August 2020. The tribunal issued its
final award in February 2021.

32 In its final award, the tribunal held that the respondents were liable
jointly and severally to pay the claimant the principal sum of ₴7.35m as
damages for breach of contract. In arriving at that decision, the tribunal
made three sets of findings that are material for present purposes:

(a) First, the tribunal found that the claimant resumed delivering Modules to
the second respondent on 18 March 2016 pursuant to a contract with the
respondents. The tribunal referred to this contract as “the…Modules Delivery
Agreement”. For brevity, I shall refer to the contract found by the tribunal
as “the MDA”.

(b) Second, the tribunal found that it had jurisdiction to hear the claimant’s
claim against the respondents arising under the MDA.

(c) Third, the tribunal found that the respondents were in breach of the MDA.

33 I now set out the details of each of these three sets of findings.

Findings about the MDA

34 The tribunal made the following findings on the MDA.

35 The claimant and all three respondents were parties to the MDA. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Award at para 234(a), Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 279; Award at para 131,
Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at pp 258-259; Award at para 164, Boromir’s 1st
Affidavit at p 264.

They concluded the MDA on 18 March 2016 (the precise date is significant). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Award at para 97, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 249.

Some of the terms of the MDA are oral; others are in writing. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Award at para 98, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 249.

The oral terms are found in discussions between the claimant and agents for
each of the three respondents between 15 March 2016 and 18 March 2016. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Award at paras 98–126; Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 249–257.

The written terms are set out in a non-disposal undertaking dated 17 March
2016. I shall refer to this non-disposal undertaking as “NDU-3”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Award at paras 114–116, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 253; Award at paras
163–164, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 264; Award at para 174, Boromir’s 1st
Affidavit at p 267.

36 Under the MDA, the respondents jointly and severally agreed to pay the
claimant the sum of ₴7.35m. The respondents also agreed not to dispose of 24%
of the equity in the third respondent until that sum of ₴7.35m had been paid
to the claimant. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Award at para 163, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 264.

37 The consideration for the MDA was the claimant’s resumption of delivery of
Modules to the second respondent. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Award at para 97, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 249; Award at para 163,
Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 264.

The respondents entered into the MDA because the second respondent needed the
Modules urgently to complete the Project for the third respondent and to avoid
the substantial loss that the Rohan Group would suffer if there was any delay.
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Award at para 99, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 249.

Findings on jurisdiction

38 The tribunal made the following findings on jurisdiction.

39 The tribunal had jurisdiction to determine the claimant’s claims for breach
of the MDA as against all three respondents. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Award at para 251(a), Boromir’s 1st affidavit at p 284.

All three respondents were parties to the MDA. All three respondents were also
therefore parties to an arbitration agreement contained in NDU-3. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Award at para 150, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 262.

The respondents were thereby bound to submit disputes arising under the MDA to
arbitration. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Award at paras 234(b) and 234(c), Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 27

Findings as to breach of the MDA

40 The tribunal made the following findings on breach.

41 All three respondents were in breach of the MDA. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Award at para 216, Boromir’s 1st affidavit at p 276.

That breach had caused the claimant to suffer loss and damage in the sum of
₴7.35m. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Award at para 222, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 276.

The respondents were therefore jointly and severally liable to pay ₴7.35m to
the claimant as damages for breach of contract. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Award at paras 234(h), 234(i) and 251(b), Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at pp 279
and 284.

The grounds for setting aside the award

42 The respondents have applied to have the award set aside on three broad
grounds:

(a) First, the award should be set aside under Art 34(2)(a)(i) of the UNCITRAL
Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (“the Model Law”) as it has
been enacted in Singapore by s 3(1) of the Act. None of the respondents
concluded any contract whatsoever with the claimant at any time, whether by
way of the MDA (as the tribunal found) or otherwise. There was therefore no
valid arbitration agreement between the parties within the meaning of the
second limb of Art 34(2)(a)(i). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

COT’s written submissions, paras 2 and 4(a).

(b) Second, the award should be set aside under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model
Law. The tribunal acted either ultra petita, alternatively infra petita:

(i) The dispute which the parties submitted to arbitration was whether they
had concluded a contract in writing on 17 March 2016 in NDU-3 (“the NDU-3
Agreement”), not whether they had concluded the MDA consisting of oral and
written terms on 18 March 2016. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

COT’s written submissions, paras 164 and 165.

By finding that the parties had concluded the partly-oral, partly-written MDA
on 18 March 2016, the tribunal had therefore acted ultra petita: it had either
dealt with a dispute not falling within the terms of the submission to
arbitration or had decided a matter beyond the scope of the submission to
arbitration within the meaning of Art 34(2)(a)(iii).

(ii) Alternatively, the dispute which the parties submitted to arbitration
comprised a number of important matters raised by the respondents which went
directly to the fundamental issue of whether the claimant had concluded any
contract whatsoever with the respondents at any time. The tribunal acted infra
petita in relation to these matters: it either failed to decide these matters
or failed to exercise the authority that the parties had granted to the
tribunal by not deciding these matters. This failure caused substantial
prejudice to the respondents. The award is therefore within the scope of Art
34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law when that provision is read with CRW Joint
Operation v PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK [2011] 4 SLR 305 at [34].
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

COT’s written submissions at para 276.

(c) Third, the award should be set aside under s 24(b) of the Act or Art
34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law. The claimant fundamentally changed its case in
the arbitration by advancing the argument that the contract which the parties
had concluded was the MDA rather than the NDU-3 Agreement. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

COT’s written submissions at para 245.

Further, the claimant made this fundamental change at a very late stage. The
tribunal accepted the claimant’s changed case in its award without allowing
the respondents an opportunity to adduce further evidence or to make further
submissions to address the change. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

COT’s written submissions, para 3.

The tribunal thereby either breached the rules of natural justice within the
meaning of s 24(b) of the Act or rendered the respondents unable to present
their case on the MDA within the meaning of Art 34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law.

Issues

43 The four questions I must answer to determine the respondents’ application
to set aside the award track the grounds on which the respondents rely to
challenge the award. Those four questions are:

(a) Does an arbitration agreement exist between the claimant on the one hand
and any one or more of the three respondents on the other?

(b) Did the tribunal act ultra petita, ie, did it deal with a dispute not
falling within the terms of the submission to arbitration when it held that
the claimant and the respondents concluded the MDA?

(c) Did the tribunal act infra petita, ie, did it either: (a) fail to decide a
number of important matters raised by the respondents which went directly to
the fundamental issue of whether the claimant had concluded any contract
whatsoever with the respondents at any time; or (b) fail to exercise the
authority that the parties had granted to the tribunal by not deciding those
matters?

(d) Did the tribunal breach the rules of natural justice when it found that
the contract between the claimant and the respondents was the MDA concluded on
18 March 2016 rather than the NDU-3 Agreement concluded on 17 March 2016?

44 I can deal with the infra petita ground briefly. This ground was, in my
judgment, nothing more than a disguised attempt to challenge the merits of the
tribunal’s decision. I therefore need not consider it further.

45 I take the remaining three questions in turn.

The arbitration agreement

The law

46 The respondents’ first challenge to the award is under the second limb of
Art 34(2)(a)(i) of the Model Law. That limb provides that “[a]n arbitral award
may be set aside … if the party making the application furnishes proof that …
the arbitration agreement … is not valid under the law to which the parties
have subjected it …”.

47 On its face, the second limb of Art 34(2)(a)(i) appears to be premised on
an arbitration agreement that has been formed between the parties (as
indicated by the use of the definite article in the phrase “the arbitration
agreement” in Art 34(2)(a)(i)) but which is subject to some internal or
external factor which vitiates it or renders it unenforceable (as indicated by
the words “is not valid” in Art 34(2)(a)(i)). The second limb does not, on its
face, appear apt to cover an argument that no arbitration agreement has ever
existed between the parties.

48 This appears especially to be the case when the language of the second limb
of Art 34(2)(a)(i) is contrasted with the language of Art 16(1) of the Model
Law. Article 16(1) empowers the tribunal to decide whether an arbitration
agreement exists or is valid. The second limb of Art 34(2)(a)(i), on the other
hand, allows the court to set aside an award only if the arbitration agreement
“is not valid”. The Model Law thereby appears to recognise a distinction
between existence and validity as concepts and appears to have taken a
conscious decision to rest the second limb of Art 34(2)(a)(i) only on the
concept of validity.

49 It is nevertheless well established that the second limb of Art 34(2)(a)(i)
extends to a challenge to an award on the grounds that no arbitration
agreement between has ever existed between the parties (PT First Media TBK
(formerly known as PT Broadband Multimedia TBK) v Astro Nusantara
International BV and others and another appeal [2014] 1 SLR 372 (“PT First
Media TBK”) at [156]; Jiangsu Overseas Group Co Ltd v Concord Energy Pte Ltd
[2016] 4 SLR 1336 (“Jiangsu Overseas”) at [46]).

50 It is equally well-established that a court hearing a challenge under the
second limb of Art 34(2)(a)(i) is not only entitled but obliged to determine
for itself, on the merits, whether an arbitration agreement exists and is
valid. That is ultimately because arbitration is consensual. A tribunal can
exercise no jurisdiction over any person unless that person has consented to
the tribunal doing so. That consent is not subjective consent but is instead
consent given in accordance with the law of contract, ie, the law in the
applicable legal system that governs obligations voluntarily undertaken.
Consent give in this way will bind the person giving it in accordance with
that law. The arbitration agreement must also satisfy the statutory
requirements of s 2A of the Act and Art 7 of the Model Law in order for it to
come within the Act.

51 A court hearing a challenge under the second limb of Art 34(2)(a)(i) must
therefore determine for itself de novo whether an arbitration agreement exists
between the parties and is valid (PT First Media TBK at [163]). Both the
parties and the court are therefore free of any and all constraints arising
from the manner in which the parties and the tribunal dealt with the same
issue in the arbitration, whether any such constraint is said to arise from
the arguments presented or not presented to the tribunal, from the evidence
that the parties placed or did not place before the tribunal, or from the
findings of fact and holdings of law that the tribunal made or did not make in
arriving at its conclusions on this issue and on the ultimate issue of its own
jurisdiction (Jiangsu Overseas at [48]).

52 The court approaches a challenge under the second limb of Art 34(2)(a)(i)
de novo because it is properly the court’s role to determine whether an
arbitration agreement exists and is valid. It is true that the Act and the
Model Law give the tribunal jurisdiction to decide this issue (s 10(2) of the
Act and Art 16(1) of the Model Law). And it is also true that a court will
allow the tribunal to have the first opportunity to decide this issue even if
only a prima facie case is made out on this issue (Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and
another v Silica Investors Ltd and another appeal [2016] 1 SLR 373 at [67]).
That is the doctrine of kompetenz-kompetenz as enacted under s 10(2) of the
Act and as applied in Singapore.

53 But the doctrine of kompetenz-kompetenz rests on a legal fiction: that a
tribunal whose jurisdiction rests on consent can itself determine whether that
consent exists. The unalterable logical reality is that a tribunal cannot pull
itself up by its own bootstraps. A determination whether that consent exists
can only be made by the national courts of a state. Only those courts exercise
a mandatory jurisdiction over the parties, ie, a jurisdiction that does not
rest on consent but instead on the coercive powers of the state.

54 The law adopts and applies the legal fiction of kompetenz-kompetenz for
policy reasons, in order to advance arbitration as an alternative dispute
resolution method. This legal fiction favours the risk of a false positive
over a false negative. It is better for a tribunal to decide the issue of
jurisdiction even if the tribunal does not in fact have jurisdiction than it
is for the court to decide the issue when a tribunal does in fact have
jurisdiction. This approach amounts in substance to a presumption in favour of
existence and validity which arises upon establishing a prima facie case on
that issue. This presumption serves to foster the adoption and growth of
arbitration as a mode of alternative dispute resolution.

55 The fact remains, however, that the doctrine of kompetenz-kompetenz does
not remove and vest in a tribunal the court’s original civil jurisdiction to
decide with finality whether an arbitration agreement exists between the
parties and is valid. The doctrine merely postpones the exercise of the
court’s original civil jurisdiction to determine that issue in order to allow
a tribunal the first opportunity to do so.

56 When a party fails before a tribunal on this issue and places it before a
court via a permissible avenue (s 10(3) of the Act and Art 34(2)(a)(i) of the
Model Law), the court therefore determines that issue in the exercise of its
original civil jurisdiction. That is why a court does not approach an
application under either of these avenues as a setting aside application or
even as an appeal from the tribunal’s decision. In so far as the heading to s
10 of the Act suggests that an application under s 10(3) is an appeal, in my
view it goes too far.

57 What I have described thus far is the court’s conceptual approach to
determining whether an arbitration exists and is valid. This must be kept
separate from the court’s procedural approach to any such determination. The
court determining a jurisdictional challenge de novo remains free to exercise
its procedural discretion in the usual way. That discretion extends to what
evidence it will receive, whether it is content to rely on the evidence
presented to the tribunal or wishes to receive evidence anew and whether it
receives the evidence on affidavit alone or viva voce, with or without cross-
examination. Thus, the fact that the court’s conceptual approach to this issue
is to treat the application as a hearing de novo does not give a party a right
to insist on the court undertaking a full rehearing of the evidence led before
the tribunal (AQZ v ARA [2015] 2 SLR 972 at [57]).

58 In the exercise of this procedural discretion, I allowed each respondent,
despite the claimant’s objections, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

HC/SUM 2859/2021, HC/SUM 2857/2021 and HC/SUM 2858/2021, all filed on 17 June
2021.

to adduce affidavit evidence on these applications which the respondents could
have but did not adduce before the tribunal. Thus, for example, I allowed the
third respondent to adduce and rely on a substantial affidavit from a witness
even though that witness did not give evidence in the arbitration. The
affidavit goes into great detail into parties’ negotiations in March 2016 and
the intentions of the parties during those negotiations. The fact that the
respondents could have but did not place this evidence before the tribunal was
no bar in itself to the respondents seeking to adduce that evidence on an
application under the second limb of Art 34(2)(a)(i) of the Model Law. In the
exercise of my discretion, I considered that this evidence was of some
conceivable relevance, would not delay the hearing of the substantive
application and would not cause the claimant any prejudice for which it could
not be compensated by costs. I therefore allowed the respondents to adduce
this evidence despite the claimant’s objections.

The law on contract formation

59 The claimant’s submission on jurisdiction is that a contract arose out of
negotiations in March 2016 that incorporated a term obliging the claimant and
the respondents to resolve disputes arising from that contract by arbitration.
The principles of law which I must apply to analyse that submission are well-
established and are not in dispute. I therefore begin by setting out those
principles:

(a) A contract is formed when there is an identifiable agreement that is
complete and certain, supported by consideration, and made between parties who
intend to create legal relations (Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and
another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 (“Gay Choon Ing”) at [46]).

(b) The inquiry into whether a contract has been formed is an objective one
(R1 International Pte Ltd v Lonstroff AG [2015] 1 SLR 521 (“R1 International”)
at [51]). The court ascertains the parties’ objective intention as disclosed
by their correspondence and interactions seen in the light of the relevant
background. This background includes the industry the parties are in, the
character of the documents alleged to constitute the contract as well as the
course of dealings between the parties.

(c) In conducting this objective exercise, the court will consider the whole
course of the parties’ negotiations to ascertain whether an agreement was
reached at any given point in time (Gay Choon Ing at [53]; China Coal Solution
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Avra Commodities Pte Ltd [2020] 2 SLR 984 at [26]).

(d) In accordance with the objective approach, once both parties have, to all
outward appearances, manifested their agreement on the same terms on the same
subject-matter, one party generally cannot rely on some unexpressed
qualification or reservation which it continued to hold to show that he did
not in fact agree to the terms to which he appeared to agree. The subjective
reservations of one party cannot prevent the formation of a contract (Lim Koon
Park and another v Yap Jin Meng Bryan and another [2013] 4 SLR 150 at [66],
citing Aircharter World Pte Ltd v Kontena Nasional Bhd [1999] 2 SLR(R) 440 at
[30]).

(e) There is an identifiable agreement when the parties have reached a
consensus ad idem. This consensus is usually identified by reference to an
offer made by the offeror which is then accepted by the offeree.

(i) An offer must consist of a definite promise to be bound, provided that
certain specified terms are accepted (Gay Choon Ing at [47], citing M P
Furmston, Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract (Oxford University
Press, 15th Ed, 2007) at p 40).

(ii) An acceptance is a final and unqualified expression of assent to the
terms of an offer (Gay Choon Ing at [47], citing Edwin Peel, Treitel: The Law
of Contract (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) at para 2-015). Even if an
offeree does not communicate express acceptance of the offer, the offeree’s
positive, negative or even neutral conduct is capable of evincing an intention
to accept the offer (CIMB Bank Bhd v Italmatic Tyre & Retreading Equipment
(Asia) Pte Ltd [2021] 4 SLR 883 at [20], citing Midlink Development Pte Ltd v
The Stansfield Group Pte Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 258 at [50] and [52]).

(f) The parties’ subsequent conduct can be considered in determining whether a
contract has been formed (Simpson Marine (SEA) Pte Ltd v Jiacipto Jiaravanon
[2019] 1 SLR 696 at [78]).

(g) It is possible for parties to form a contract on a set of essential terms
at a given point in time, even if negotiations continue past that point on
other terms of the contract which are non-essential. The fact that the non-
essential terms are not agreed “does not prevent the contract based on the
essential core terms from coming into existence” at the earlier point in time
(R1 International at [52]). The crucial question is whether the parties, by
their words and conduct, objectively ascertained, demonstrated that they
intended to be bound by the essential terms from that point in time even
though their negotiations on the non-essential terms continued (Rudhra
Minerals Pte Ltd v MRI Trading Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 1023 at [27]). If so, the
contract is formed at that time and binds the parties, unless the continued
negotiations show that the parties agreed to revoke the agreement (Gay Choon
Ing at [53]).

(h) Finally, and as an overarching point, a court does not analyse contract
formation in a rigidly mechanical or dogmatic manner. Although the correct
approach remains to examine the whole course of the parties’ negotiations to
isolate and identify offer and acceptance, this must be done while having
regard to the entire background and context (Gay Choon Ing at [63]).

60 I now turn to examine the negotiations in March 2016 to determine whether
the claimant can establish its submission that a contract arose out of
negotiations in March 2016 that incorporated a term obliging the claimant and
the respondents to resolve disputes arising from that contract by arbitration
(see [59] above).

The negotiations in March 2016

61 The negotiations in March 2016 involved a number of executives from the
claimant and from the respondents. It is useful at this stage to identify
these executives by their anonymised names.

The executives who participated in the negotiations

62 Two executives from the claimant participated in the March 2016
negotiations:

(a) Legolas was the claimant’s Chief Executive Officer and General Manager.

(b) Gimli was the claimant’s sales operation manager. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 42.

63 Five senior executives of the Rohan Group entities that were responsible
for its business in Gondor participated in the March 2016 negotiations:

(a) Gandalf was the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of the
Rohan Group’s ultimate holding company. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 137.

(b) Aragon was a director of the first respondent from June 2011 to April
2017. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Award at para 48(1), Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 224.

(c) Boromir was a director of both the first respondent and the third
respondent from March 2016 to October 2016. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Boromir’s 1st affidavit at paras 2 and 44.

He was also the General Counsel for the Rohan Group’s business in Gondor from
June 2010 to October 2016. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 2.

(d) Frodo was a director of the second respondent from February 2015 to April
2017. He was also an employee of the second respondent. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 31; COT’s written submissions, para 29.

(e) Samwise was an employee of the Procurement Company and a senior director
at a wholly owned subsidiary of the Procurement Company in Arnor. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 31; COT’s written submissions, para 29.

64 Of these seven executives on both sides, the tribunal heard evidence in the
arbitration only from Legolas, Gimli and Samwise. Legolas and Gimli gave
evidence, quite obviously, for the claimant. Unusually, Samwise also gave
evidence for the claimant, even though he had been involved in the March 2016
negotiations as an employee of the Rohan Group.

65 Each respondent called only one witness in the arbitration. None of the
respondents called any of the witnesses I have listed at [63] above. As a
result, all three of the respondents’ witnesses in the arbitration had no
involvement in these negotiations and therefore had no personal knowledge of
the March 2016 negotiations. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Award at paras 72, 76 and 80.

66 I now describe those negotiations.

Aragon drafts NDU-1

67 The Procurement Company’s failure in March 2016 to pay the claimant’s
invoices as they fell due was the result of serious cash flow difficulties
affecting the Rohan Group as a whole at that time. The Rohan Group feared that
these difficulties would cause suppliers to stop supplying the goods which the
group needed to complete its Infrastructure Projects around the world. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 40.

68 The Rohan Group’s fear was entirely justified, as demonstrated by the
claimant’s subsequent decision to stop delivering Modules. The senior
executives of the Rohan Group entities responsible for its business in Gondor
therefore initiated a process of engaging essential suppliers in negotiations
to offer them assurances in order to maintain continuity of supply for the
Project.

69 As a first step in this process, Boromir – together with members of his in-
house legal team – drafted a template non-disposal undertaking (“NDU-1”). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 40.

The intent was to offer an agreement in the terms set out in NDU-1 to each
essential supplier as a reassurance to that supplier that it would be paid if
it continued to supply goods to the Rohan Group entities. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 40.

70 NDU-1 was drafted as an undertaking given by the first respondent in favour
of a “Contractor” not to dispose of the first respondent’s shares in the third
respondent. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/35/611 at ABD Tab 2.

The term “Contractor” is left blank, to be filled in as necessary once
negotiations with a particular supplier concluded in an agreement.

71 NDU-1 defines a number of material terms. The plural term “Parties” is
defined as both the first respondent and the Contractor collectively; with the
singular term “Party” defined as either one of them individually. The term
“Company” is defined as the third respondent. The term “Payment Obligations”
is defined as the second respondent’s payment obligations to the Contractor
pursuant to unpaid invoices to be listed in an annex to NDU-1. The term
“Invoices” is defined to mean the unpaid invoices listed in the annex. The
term “Security Interest” is defined as a security interest of any kind over
the shares in the third respondent.

72 The recitals to NDU-1 record the following as the factual background
leading up to it:

(a) the third respondent is in the process of constructing the Project in
Gondor.

(b) the first respondent holds 99.99% of the shares in the third respondent.

(c) the third respondent engaged the second respondent as its contractor for
the Project; and the second respondent had “sub-contracted a part of the
supply” for the Project to the Contractor.

(d) The Invoices were pending payment from the second respondent.

Notably, the recitals do not even mention the Rohan Group’s desire to maintain
continuity of supply as part of the factual background to NDU-1, let alone
impose it as an obligation on the Contractor.

73 The contractual heart of NDU-1 is found in cll 2.1 to 2.3. These three
clauses set out the first respondent’s undertaking to the Contractor to retain
24% of the shares in the third respondent until either the first respondent or
the second respondent pays the sums due to the Contractor on the Invoices,
subject only to the first respondent’s power to create a future Security
Interest in favour of lenders to raise financing for the Project. Clause 2.1
provides as follows:

2.1 Save for as set out herein or specifically permitted by the Contractor,
[the first respondent] shall until the complete discharge of the Payment
Obligations by [the second respondent], continue to legally and beneficially
hold and retain at least 24% (Twenty Four per cent) of the equity in [the
third respondent]… (“NDU Shares”) free of any Security Interest, and shall
not, without prior approval from the Contractor, until the full and complete
discharge of the Payment Obligations, sell, transfer, assign, dispose of,
pledge, charge or create any Security Interest on the NDU Shares in favour of
any person…”.

The reason NDU-1 covered only 24% of the shares in the third respondent was
that, at the time Boromir drafted it, the first respondent had already pledged
76% of the shares in the third respondent to a consortium of lenders to secure
project finance.

74 Clause 2.2 of NDU-1 provides as follows:

2.2 Provided that the limitation set out in this Clause 2 shall not prevent
[the first respondent] or shall require [the first respondent] from obtaining
any consent from the Contractor for creating any Security Interest over all or
part of the NDU Shares in favour of project finance lender(s), and upon such
creation, the undertaking set out herein shall automatically get subordinated
to the newly created Security Interest in favour of the project finance
lenders.

75 Clause 2.3 provides as follows:

2.3 All obligations under this Undertaking shall automatically terminate upon
payment of the Invoices by [the second respondent] or [the first respondent].

76 In the course of the negotiations, the respondents referred to NDU-1 as
creating a “pledge”. That is obviously not correct. NDU-1 did not create a
pledge of the first respondent’s shares in the claimant in favour of the
Contractor in any sense of the word. It did not even claim to do so. NDU-1 was
merely the first respondent’s undertaking not to dispose of 24% of the shares
in the third respondent until the second respondent paid the Contractor in
full all sums due on the Invoices.

77 Clause 8 of NDU-1 provides that it is to be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of Gondor. Clause 9 provides that disputes under
NDU-1 which cannot be resolved amicably are to be submitted to arbitration in
Gondor.

78 The signature block of NDU-1 records that Boromir is to execute it as a
deed for and on behalf of the first respondent. Notably, NDU-1 makes no
provision whatsoever for the Contractor to execute it. That is no doubt
because the contractual content of NDU-1 is entirely unilateral. NDU-1 does
not even attempt to impose any obligation of any kind on the Contractor.

13 March 2016 – the claimant suspends delivery of Modules

79 On or around 13 March 2016, Legolas asked Samwise to convey to Aragon that
the claimant would suspend all further deliveries of Modules for the Project
until the claimant received payment for Modules already delivered. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Gimli’s 3rd Affidavit at para 14.

80 This created a significant risk that the Project could not achieve
commercial operation by 30 March 2016. That would expose the third respondent
– and therefore both of its shareholders, the first respondent and the second
respondent and the Rohan Group as a whole – to a significant risk of
substantial financial loss. That risk led to the March 2016 negotiations.

15 March 2016 – phone call

81 The negotiations began on 15 March 2016. On that day, Aragon spoke to
Legolas by telephone to try and persuade him to resume deliveries of Modules
to the second respondent. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Gimli’s 3rd Affidavit at para 14.

On the call with Aragon and Legolas were Frodo and Samwise.

82 Aragon’s overarching point to Legolas was that the Rohan Group would not
“run away” and fail to pay the claimant. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Legolas’s 1st Affidavit at para 29(3).

Aragon explained that the Modules were urgently required to complete the
Project. He assured Legolas that the Rohan Group was committed to paying the
sums due to the claimant for Modules delivered for the Project and that the
Project was on track to achieve commercial operation if the remaining Modules
were delivered without further delay. Achieving commercial operation would
release the bank financing which the Rohan Group had already secured. Out of
that financing, the claimant would be paid in full for all Modules sold and
delivered.

83 Legolas would not relent. Aragon then offered to “pledge” part of the first
respondent’s shares in the third respondent as security for the debt due to
the claimant. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Legolas’s 1st Affidavit at para 29(3).

Legolas responded that he would consider resuming delivery of Modules for the
Project if, in addition to this “pledge”, the claimant received at least a
part payment of the sum outstanding. Legolas also asked Aragon to send him
details of his proposal.

15 March 2016 – NDU-1

84 After the call, but also on 15 March 2016, Aragon sent an email to Legolas,
copied to Frodo and Samwise. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/35/575 at ABD Tab 2.

In an effort to persuade Legolas that the claimant would get paid upon
completion of the Project, Aragon attached four documents to his email:

(a) Evidence of the terms on which the third respondent had contracted to sell
the output of the Project to a publicly owned entity in Gondor upon
completion. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/35/576 at ABD Tab 2.

(b) Evidence that the price at which the third respondent could sell the
output of the Project to the publicly owned entity would fall drastically if
the Project had not achieved commercial operation by 30 March 2016. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/35/589 at ABD Tab 2.

(c) Evidence that the third respondent had secured a term loan that it could
draw down upon once the Project achieved commercial operation. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/35/601 at ABD Tab 2.

(d) A copy of NDU-1. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/35/610 at ABD Tab 2.

85 The copy of NDU-1 attached to this email had not been customised to apply
to the claimant. Thus, the annex to NDU-1 was left blank with no Invoices
listed. More importantly, the language of NDU-1 had not been modified to cater
for the actual contractual chain for the supply of Modules for the Project.
NDU-1 as drafted proceeded on the premise that the second respondent owed
Payment Obligations to the Contractor under a contract between them.

86 The actual position, however, was that the Rohan Group had assigned the
task of procuring Modules for the Project to the Procurement Company under the
MSA. As a result, the invoices which remained unpaid – and which had led the
claimant to suspend delivery of Modules to the second respondent – were
invoices which the claimant had issued to the Procurement Company, not to the
second respondent. When applied to the claimant, therefore, the definition of
“Payment Obligations” in NDU-1 and the third and fourth recitals in NDU-1 were
factually wrong.

16 March 2016 – Legolas replies

87 Legolas replied to Aragon’s email on 16 March 2016, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/36/621 at ABD Tab 2.

making three points. First, he told Aragon that the claimant would review the
documents attached to Aragon’s email. Second, he said that the claimant would
require NDU-1 to be executed before it agreed to release a first shipment of
Modules. Third, he said that the claimant would require the Modules already
delivered to be paid for before it agreed to release a second shipment.

17 March 2016 – NDU-2

88 On 17 March 2016, Legolas followed up on his 16 March 2016 email. He
insisted that 57% of the shares in the third respondent should be subject to
the non-disposal undertaking, because the claimant had delivered 57% of the
Modules for the Project but had not yet received payment for any of them. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/37/623 at ABD Tab 2.

89 Attached to Legolas’s email was a copy of NDU-1 marked up with the
amendments which the claimant required. I shall refer to this markup as
“NDU-2”. The claimant required six material amendments to be made: 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 51.

(a) The third recital was to be amended to make express reference to the
Procurement Company and the purchase orders that it had placed with the
claimant under the MSA. This was no doubt intended to address the issue I have
identified at [85]–[86] above.

(b) Clause 2.1 was to be amended by increasing the percentage of the first
respondent’s shares in the third respondent which were to be subject to the
non-disposal undertaking from 24% to 57%.

(c) Clause 2.2 to be amended to give the claimant priority of payment out of
any funds which the first respondent raised from project finance lenders by
granting a Security Interest to the lenders over the first respondent’s shares
in the third respondent.

(d) Clause 2.3 was to be amended to provide that NDU-2 would terminate once
the claimant had received complete payment of the sums arising from the
purchase orders that the Procurement Company had placed with the claimant
under the MSA. This too was no doubt intended to address the issue I have
identified at [85]–[86] above.

(e) The governing law of NDU-2 was to be Singapore law rather than Gondorian
law.

(f) Disputes were to be resolved by arbitration at the SIAC in Singapore
rather than by arbitration in Gondor.

90 Frodo replied to Legolas within seven minutes, informing him that the Rohan
Group’s Gondorian legal team would review NDU-2. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/38/635 at ABD Tab 2.

He also offered Legolas an opportunity to resolve any open items on a
conference call. Legolas responded just over a half-hour later telling Frodo
to go through the changes so that the parties could move forward. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/39/637 at ABD Tab 2.

91 Later that day, Samwise called Gimli to explain that the first respondent
could not subject more than 24% of the shares in the third respondent to the
non-disposal undertaking because all of the remaining shares were already
subject to a Security Interest. Samwise confirmed this in a follow-up email to
Gimli sent in the afternoon of 17 March 2016. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/40/639 at ABD Tab 2.

92 Gimli replied to Samwise’s email agreeing that NDU-2 could subject only 24%
of the shares in the third respondent to the non-disposal undertaking, but
insisting that all of the other amendments be accepted: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/41/641 at ABD Tab 2.

We agree to keep 24% NDU shares but the rest of the revise [sic] shall be
accepted.

Please send us the signed & sealed NDU in digital version and the original one
by post. Just inform the tracking number once it is sent off.

17 March 2016 – NDU-3

93 At 10.05 pm on 17 March 2016, Frodo sent the following email to Gimli: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/42/643 at ABD Tab 2.

Further to your discussions with [Samwise] earlier today, pls find attached
executed version of the NDU by our legal team.

Thanks for your support.

[Another employee] will send the original by post and send you the tracking
number tomorrow.

94 Attached to this email was the third version of the non-disposal
undertaking. I shall refer to this version as “NDU-3”. NDU-3 differed from
NDU-2 in the following respects:

(a) It had the claimant’s name inserted in place of a blank both on the cover
page and in the definition of “Contractor” in the body of the agreement.

(b) It was signed by Boromir. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/42/644-653 at ABD Tab 2.

(c) As agreed by Gimli, the claimant’s amendment to cl 2.1 in NDU-2 (see
[89(b)] above) was deleted and 24% was reinstated as the proportion of the
first respondent’s shares in the third respondent which were subject to the
non-disposal undertaking.

(d) The claimant’s amendment to cl 2.2 in NDU-2 (see [89(c)] above) was
deleted and the original cl 2.2 from NDU-1 (see [74] above) was reinstated.
The effect was that the claimant would not get any priority of payment out of
any funds raised from project finance lenders against a Security Interest over
the first respondent’s shares in the third respondent.

(e) The claimant’s amendment to cl 2.3 in NDU-2 (see [89(d)] above) was
deleted and the original cl 2.3 from NDU-1 (see [75] above) was reinstated.

(f) Four invoices totalling ₴9.43m issued by the claimant to the Procurement
Company for Modules delivered to the second respondent were listed in the
annex.

95 NDU-3 accepted the following amendments which the claimant had made in
NDU-2:

(a) The reference to the Procurement Company and the MSA in the third recital
(see [89(a)] above).

(b) The governing law being Singapore law (see [89(e)] above).

(c) Arbitration being at the SIAC in Singapore (see [89(f)] above).

18 March 2016 – NDU-4

96 On 18 March 2016, Gimli sent an email to Samwise objecting to the changes
to NDU-2 which were introduced in NDU-3: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/44/666 at ABD Tab 2.

Your returned NDU is NOT what we both agreed on the phone today.

97 Gimli went on to ask Samwise to make three amendments be made to NDU-3 “so
as to reach a fair agreement”:

(a) Clause 2.2 should reinstate the language from NDU-2 (see [89(c)] above)
giving the claimant priority of payment out of any funds raised from project
finance lenders against a Security Interest to over the first respondent’s
shares in the third respondent.

(b) Clause 2.3 should at least provide that the non-disposal undertaking
terminates when the claimant receives full payment of the Invoices listed in
the annex to NDU-3. This was no doubt intended to go further to address the
issue I have identified at [85]–[86] above than the amendments to the third
recital (see [89(a)] above) which had been accepted (see [95(a)] above).

(c) Three further invoices totalling ₴7.29m should be listed in the annex. The
claimant had issued these invoices to the Procurement Company only in March
2016. The time for the Procurement Company to pay these invoices had therefore
not yet expired. These further invoices were due but not yet overdue.

98 Gimli followed up with a second email to Samwise attaching a fourth version
of the non-disposal undertaking document incorporating the claimant’s
amendments to NDU-3. I shall call this version “NDU-4”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/46/670 at ABD Tab 2.

99 NDU-4 amended cl 2.3 of NDU-3 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/46/673 at ABD Tab 2.

as Gimli had required (see [97(b)] above) and included the three March 2016
invoices in the annex 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/46/678 at ABD Tab 2.

(see [97(c)] above). Notably, NDU-4 did not include the amendment to cl 2.2 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/46/673 at ABD Tab 2.

which gave the claimant priority of payment out of any funds raised from
project finance lenders against a Security Interest over the first
respondent’s shares in the third respondent (see [89(c)]) as the claimant had
required (see [97(a)] above).

100 Gimli’s email to which NDU-4 was attached reads as follows:

Kindly find the final version of NDU per we discussed [sic] just now.

Please have this signed and sealed ASAP.

Legolas releases the Modules

101 It was at this point that Gandalf intervened personally in the
negotiations.

102 On 18 March 2016, Gandalf asked Samwise to convey to Legolas Gandalf’s
personal promise to Legolas that all of the claimant’s invoices would be
settled. Samwise duly conveyed the promise to Legolas.

103 Samwise also told Legolas that the changes that Gimli had asked for in
NDU-4 were unnecessary because NDU-3’s language made sufficiently clear that
the claimant’s invoices to the Procurement Company would be paid in full, and
that the claimant would be entitled to the benefit of the non-disposal
undertaking over 24% of the shares in the third respondent until the claimant
received full payment.

104 Legolas agreed to leave NDU-3 unamended.

105 On the same day, Legolas authorised the release of the undelivered
Modules. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Samwise’s Witness Statement at para 41, at Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at
HB/C/3/64 at ABD Tab 2; Legolas’s Witness Statement at para 54. At Boromir’s
1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/C/1/22 at ABD Tab 2.

106 On 22 March 2016, the second respondent paid ₴5.06m to the Procurement
Company under the EMS. On 25 March 2016, the Procurement Company paid ₴5.06m
to the claimant under the MSA. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 57, S/No. 12 at ABD Tab 2.

This reduced the sum due from the Procurement Company to the claimant by
₴5.06m, ie, from ₴16.72m 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 39.

(see [19] above) to ₴11.66m.

107 In May 2016, the claimant agreed that the Procurement Company could return
Modules worth ₴4.31m to the claimant. This reduced the sum due from the
Procurement Company to the claimant by ₴4.31m, ie, from ₴11.66m (see [22]
above) to ₴7.35m. This sum of ₴7.35m remains due from the Procurement Company
to the claimant for Modules which the claimant had sold and delivered for the
Project.

What the claimant must establish

108 NDU-3 contains the arbitration clause that the claimant relied on to
commence the arbitration. The burden lies on the claimant to establish that
this arbitration clause binds each respondent. All of the respondents accept
that, if I find that the March 2016 negotiations gave rise to a contract, the
arbitration clause in NDU-3 is a term of that contract.

109 To succeed on the first issue, therefore, the claimant must establish two
points. The first point is that the March 2016 negotiations gave rise to a
contract. The second point is that each respondent is a party to the contract.
To establish the second point, the claimant must show that a servant or agent
of each respondent bound it to the contract said to have arisen from the March
2016.

110 It is more convenient to deal with contract formation before authority. In
dealing with contract formation, I will assume that each respondent is a party
to the contract that I have found the March 2016 negotiations gave rise to,
before explaining why I have found that each respondent is indeed a party to
that contract.

A contract was formed on basic or essential terms on 17 March 2016

111 The claimant’s submissions on contract formation are as follows. The
claimant formed a contract with the respondents by words and conduct on “basic
or essential terms” on 17 March 2016 and then on full terms on 18 March 2016.
79

##### Foot Note 79

×

COT’s written submissions, para 65.

17 March 2016 was when Frodo sent Gimli a copy of NDU-3 signed by Boromir (see
[93] above). 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

COT’s written submissions, paras 14 and 65.

18 March 2016 was when Gimli released the Modules after Gandalf had spoken to
Legolas (see [96] to [104] above). Legolas agreed to resume delivery of the
Modules because he accepted Gandalf’s personal request not to require any of
the changes to NDU-3 that Gimli had proposed in NDU-4 as a condition for
resuming delivery. These communications on 18 March 2016 gave rise to a full
terms contract.

112 For the reasons which follow, I accept that a holistic assessment of the
March 2016 negotiations shows that the parties did indeed conclude a contract
on “basic or essential terms” on 17 March 2016 and a contract on full terms on
18 March 2016.

Two observations

113 In arriving at this conclusion, I bear in mind the following two
observations about contract formation.

114 First, whether a contract has been formed is a question of law. And this
question of law is to be determined on the usual objective approach applicable
in the law of contract. A party’s subjective belief about contract formation
is of no legal effect if that belief is not made manifest at the time. So too,
a party’s subjective belief about whether a particular communication is an
offer, a counteroffer, an acceptance of an offer or a rejection of an offer is
of no legal effect if it is not made manifest at the time. Thus, it is
perfectly possible for parties to have satisfied all the requirements to
conclude a contract as a matter of law without realising it when it happens.
They are nevertheless bound by that contract. That is so even if both parties
have a subjective and privately held belief that they have not concluded a
contract and therefore conduct themselves after that point in time as though
they are continuing to negotiate a contract yet to be formed. The parties’
subjective and privately held beliefs cannot override the legal effect of
their conduct in satisfying the requirements for contract formation at the
earlier point in time.

115 There is therefore a need for extreme caution when receiving evidence as
to the negotiating parties’ subjective and privately held beliefs during their
negotiations. That is so when the evidence is contemporaneous, eg
communications while the negotiations are taking place, but which are internal
to one party. That is especially so when the evidence is given after a dispute
has arisen. Evidence of the former type is immaterial. Evidence of the latter
type will be tainted by the inevitable conscious and subconscious incentives
to give evidence of past beliefs self-servingly, with the benefit of hindsight
and to fit neatly within the legal requirements of each party’s case.

116 Second, although it is true that contract formation is an event rather
than a process, it is not always easy to say exactly when that event occurs in
a fast-paced commercial negotiation involving multiple participants (Tribune
Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407 at [40]). It
is often the case that commercial entities continue their negotiations even
after agreeing what they consider to be the essential terms of the contract.

Analysis of the parties’ negotiations

117 I start my analysis of the March 2016 negotiations by concentrating on the
negotiations from 15 March 2016 to 17 March 2016 (see [81]–[95] above). I will
then consider the negotiations on 18 March 2016.

118 In my view, Aragon’s phone call (see [81] above) and follow up email (see
[84] above) on 15 March 2015 amounted to an offer by the respondents to the
claimant. The terms of this offer were as follows: in exchange for the
claimant resuming delivery of the Modules, the respondents would give the
claimant an undertaking in the form of NDU-1 and assure the claimant that full
payment for all Modules would be made upon the Project achieving commercial
operation.

119 Legolas did not accept this offer. But he did not reject it either. He
clearly saw Aragon’s offer as a starting point for further negotiation.
Legolas therefore said, as an initial indication, that he would need “the
executed undertaking document for releasing the first shipment of modules …
[and] the full payment for the current two shipments [of the Modules]”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/D/36/621 at ABD Tab 2.

He then followed up on 17 March 2016 by sending NDU-2 to Frodo (see [89]
above).

120 NDU-2 was the claimant’s counteroffer. The respondents accepted the
claimant’s counteroffer save only for one term. That term was Legolas’s
request to increase the shares in the third respondent which were to be
subject to the first respondent’s non-disposal undertaking from 24% to 57%.
But Gimli withdrew this request after Samwise explained to him why it could
not be accepted (see [91] above). The claimant’s position was that all other
terms of the counteroffer should be accepted.

121 I find that, at this point and on the objective approach, there was an
agreement on the basic or essential terms of the contract.

122 The respondents submit that the parties reached no agreement whatsoever,
not even on basic or essential terms, on 17 March 2016. The respondents’
submission proceed as follows. The respondent’s conduct in sending NDU-3 to
the claimant on 17 March 2016 (see [94] above) and the claimant’s conduct in
sending NDU-4 to the respondents on 18 March 2016 (see [98] above) shows that
no agreement had been reached even on basic or essential terms on 18 March
2016, let alone on 17 March 2016. Further, even on 18 March 2016, the
claimant’s email sending NDU-4 to the respondents amounts to a rejection of
the respondents’ offer by way of NDU-3 on 17 March 2016. It destroyed the
respondent’s offer and rendered it incapable of acceptance.

123 I do not accept the respondents’ submissions for the following reasons.

124 First, as I have said (see [59(b)] above), whether a contract has been
formed is determined on the objective approach. The respondent’s considered
response to the claimant’s counteroffer of 17 March 2016 was to reject only
the increase in the shares to be subject to the non-disposal undertaking from
24% to 57%. Implicit in this is the respondents’ acceptance of all of the
other terms of the claimant’s counteroffer. The claimant agreed to withdraw
that single term from its counteroffer on 17 March 2016. In doing so, the
claimant insisted that the respondents must accept all the other terms of its
counteroffer. In response, the respondents did not qualify in any way their
earlier acceptance of those other terms of the claimant’s counteroffer.

125 At the moment of Gimli’s email to Samwise on 17 March 2016, therefore, the
parties had, on the objective approach, reached consensus ad idem on the basic
or essential terms of their contract (Independent State of Papua New Guinea v
PNG Sustainable Development Program Ltd [2019] SGHC 68 at [103]). Even if the
respondents at that time had already formed an intention to resile from the
acceptance or to alter other terms of the claimant’s counteroffer – as they
arguably did the next day in NDU-3 – that does not detract from my finding.
When the claimant sent its email on 17 March 2016, any such intention on the
respondents’ part would at best relate only to a subjective and privately held
qualification or reservation. That cannot affect my finding, on the objective
approach, that a contract was formed.

126 Second, I do not accept the respondents’ submission that they resiled from
their acceptance of the claimant’s counteroffer by sending NDU-3 to the
claimant. On my findings, the respondents could not resile from their
acceptance because they were already bound by a contract on basic or essential
terms. That is so even if they subjectively believed at that time that no
contract had been formed and that they were continuing to negotiate a contract
yet to be formed.

127 Further, NDU-3 did not in fact qualify the basic or essential terms
agreed. The law recognises (see [59(g)] above) that parties may agree a set of
basic or essential terms, thereby forming a contract at the moment of that
agreement. The fact that the parties go on to agree other terms after that
moment does not dissolve the contract which was formed when the basic or
essential terms were agreed. If they wish to dissolve that contract, they must
do so in accordance with the law of contract. It is not suggested that the
emails which the parties exchanged on 18 March 2016 amount to any such
dissolution of the contract on basic or essential terms already formed.

128 Third, I find that none of the terms from NDU-2 which the respondents
failed to incorporate into NDU-3 relate to the basic or essential terms agreed
on 17 March 2016. I examine first Gimli’s email of 18 March 2016. It is true
that Gimli protests that NDU-3 “is NOT what we both agreed on the phone”. But
the email is not framed as a dissolution of a contract already formed. It is
not even framed as a non-contractual disavowal of everything that has gone
before it. Instead, Gimli makes clear that his complaint is confined to two
amendments in NDU-2 which the respondents failed to carry through into NDU-3:
the amendments to cll 2.2 and 2.3.

129 Neither cl 2.2 nor cl 2.3, as amended by the claimant, is a basic or
essential term.

130 The amended cl 2.2 is not a basic or essential term. The effect of the
claimant’s amendment to cl 2.2 was to give the claimant priority of payment
out of any funds which the first respondent may raise from project finance
lenders. It is true that this amendment changed the substantive content of an
existing obligation in NDU-2. It is also true that Gimli initially insisted on
the amended cl 2.2 being incorporated into the parties’ agreement. But the
claimant’s own conduct thereafter demonstrates that this amendment was not a
basic or essential term. When the claimant sent NDU-4 to the respondents later
that day, the claimant itself abandoned the amendment and reinstated cl 2.2 to
the version found in NDU-2. I therefore accept the claimant’s submission that
Gimli’s decision not to insist on the amended cl 2.2 in NDU-4 establishes that
this term was not a basic or essential term to either party.

131 The amended cl 2.3 is also not a basic or essential term. Clause 2.3
governs when the obligations under the non-disposal undertaking come to an
end. I accept the claimant’s submission that its proposed amendment to clause
2.3 goes only to the form in which this contractual obligation is recorded and
not to the substance of this obligation. In both NDU-2 and NDU-3, the parties’
obligations under the non-disposal undertaking terminate when the claimant
receives full payment for its unpaid invoices from the first respondent or the
second respondent. The substance of this obligation is therefore unchanged
from NDU-2 to NDU-3.

132 The claimant’s amendment in NDU-4 to include three invoices additional to
those listed in the annex to NDU-3 is also not a basic or essential term. As
with the amended cl 2.3, the inclusion of these invoices is a matter of form
rather than substance, purely for the avoidance of doubt. The inclusion merely
clarified that the scope of the assurance of payment to the claimant covered
these invoices. Even without this amendment, all of the invoices issued by the
claimant to the Procurement Company came within the substantive obligations in
NDU-3 as they fell due for payment. That is so whether or not they were
expressly listed in the annex to NDU-3. Including these three invoices does
not in any way affect the substance of the basic or essential terms agreed.

133 Finally, I accept that the claimant’s conduct in releasing the Modules for
the Project on 18 March 2016 was causally connected to the contract which the
parties had reached on basic or essential terms. Indeed, I go further and find
that the release amount to both performance of the contract and the
consideration for the contract.

134 I do not accept the respondents’ submission that the release of the
Modules was unconnected to the March 2016 negotiations and was merely the
result of a commercial decision by the claimant to deepen its relationship
with the Rohan Group in anticipation of future business. This submission is
not supported by any contemporaneous evidence. This submission also runs
counter to the inherent probabilities and the commercial expectations. If the
claimant decided on 13 March 2016 to withhold delivery of Modules for the
Project to reduce its exposure to the risk of the Procurement Company
defaulting on its payment obligations under the MSA, it makes no commercial
sense for the claimant to do an about-face just five days later and increase
its exposure to the Rohan Group by delivering more Modules without having
obtained any payment for invoices already due and overdue and without any
assurance of payment in the future. It makes even less sense for the claimant
to do this unilaterally, without asking for or securing any benefit in return.

135 I therefore accept that the claimant released the Modules on 18 March 2016
in performance of its obligations under and as consideration for the contract
concluded on basic or essential terms on 17 March 2016.

136 For the foregoing reasons, I accept the claimant’s submission that the
parties concluded a basic and essential terms contract on 17 March 2016 and
then on full terms on 18 March 2016. This conclusion means that there is a
valid arbitration agreement between the parties. The contract I have found
incorporates NDU-3. Clause 9 of NDU-3 contains an agreement to arbitrate
disputes.

137 Although this was not put in issue by the respondents, I also accept that
this arbitration agreement fulfils the formalities set out in s 2A of the Act:

(a) The arbitration agreement is in writing. It appears in cl 9 of NDU-3, the
written component of the contract (see ss 2A(3) and 2A(4) of the Act). The
fact that the MDA is partly in words and partly by conduct is therefore not to
the point.

(b) Further, since the MDA incorporates NDU-3, cl 9 is part of the MDA (see s
2A(7) of the Act).

138 The claimant’s alternative submission is that, even if no contract was
formed on 17 March 2016, NDU-3 was the respondents’ offer to the claimant in
the terms set out in NDU-3 and Legolas accepted this offer on 18 March 2016.
Given my finding in favour of the claimant on its primary submission, I need
not consider its alternative submission.

The parties to the contract

139 I come now to the second point which the claimant must establish in order
to show that there is an arbitration agreement between itself and each
respondent. This is the point as to the parties to the contract that I have
found was concluded on 17 March 2016. This point turns on the authority of
each of the participants in the March 2016 negotiations to bind the
respondents.

140 The claimant does not have to establish this second point as against the
first respondent. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

COV’s Defence at para 31, at Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/A/6/158 at
ABD Tab 2.

That is because it is common ground that Boromir had the first respondent’s
authority to participate in the March 2016 negotiations and to bind the first
respondent to any contract that may arise as a result. Boromir also signed
NDU-3 expressly for and on behalf of the first respondent. The first
respondent therefore accepts that, if I find that the March 2016 negotiations
did give rise to a contract, as I have, the first respondent is a party to
that contract.

141 The second and third respondents, on the other hand, each submit that no
person who participated in the March 2016 negotiations had any authority
whatsoever to negotiate with the claimant on each of their behalf or to bind
either of them to any contract that may have arisen as a result.

142 It is clear on the face of NDU-3, of course, that neither the second
respondent nor the third respondent are signatories to NDU-3. But I consider
that feature to be a point of form rather than a point of substance. It is
true that a person who signs a contract containing an arbitration agreement
is, prima facie at least, a party to the arbitration agreement (Gary B Born,
International Commercial Arbitration (Wolters Kluwer 2nd Ed, 2014) at pp
1521–1522). That is merely the application of a general point of contract law
to the specific case of an arbitration agreement. But it does not follow that
a party who has not signed a contract containing an arbitration agreement is
not a party to an arbitration agreement incorporated into that contract:
“[t]he sterile formality of a signature is not always necessary in law to
breathe life into contractual undertakings” (Midlink Development Pte Ltd v The
Stansfield Group Pte Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 258 at [55]). More importantly, given
my findings on the parties’ contract, only part of the contract is found in
NDU-3. Accordingly, the fact that the second and third respondents are not
signatories to NDU-3 is not conclusive as to whether they are parties to the
contract of which NDU-3 forms a part.

143 Indeed, in the course of oral submissions before me, counsel for the third
respondent candidly conceded that if I were to find that Aragon had the
authority, actual or apparent, to represent the third respondent in the March
2016 negotiations with the claimant, and to find that a contract arose out of
those negotiations, then the third respondent would be bound by the contract
despite not being a signatory to NDU-3. This must be correct in principle.
Although counsel for the second respondent did not expressly make the same
concession, it must be equally correct for the second respondent.

144 Everything therefore turns on the issue of authority. I begin by briefly
restating the law on actual authority. In Hely-Hutchinson v Brayhead Ltd
[1968] 1 QB 549 (“Hely-Hutchinson”), Lord Denning MR (at 583) said:

[A]ctual authority may be express or implied. It is express where it is given
by express words, such as when a board of directors pass a resolution which
authorises two of their number to sign cheques. It is implied when it is
inferred from the conduct of the parties and the circumstances of the case,
such as when the board of directors appoint one of their numbers to be
managing director. They thereby impliedly authorise him to do all such things
as fall within the usual scope of that office.

[emphasis added]

145 In other words, there are two varieties of actual authority. The first
variety is express actual authority. This arises where the principal has
expressly conferred authority on the agent either orally or in writing (Tan
Cheng Han SC, The Law of Agency (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2017) (“The Law
of Agency”) at para 03.014). The second variety is implied actual authority.
Implied actual authority may arise from the parties’ conduct and the
circumstances of a particular case (Alphire Group Pte Ltd v Law Chau Loon and
another matter [2020] SGCA 50 at [7]).

146 In Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia
Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another suit [2009] 4
SLR(R) 788, Belinda Ang J (as she then was) endorsed the following (at [42]):

Professor Reynolds in Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th
Ed, 2006) (“Bowstead”) describes, usual authority (ie, implied actual
authority) at para 3-024 in the following manner:

An agent who is authorised to conduct a particular trade or business or
generally to act for his principal in matters of a particular nature, or to do
a particular class of acts, has implied authority to do whatever is incidental
to the ordinary conduct of such trade or business, or of matters of that
nature, or is within the scope of that class of acts, and whatever is
necessary for the proper and effective performance of his duties; but not to
do anything that is outside the ordinary scope of his employment and duties.

147 While implied actual authority may arise where it is necessary for, or
ordinarily incidental to, the agent’s express authority, it may also arise
where the circumstances clearly show that the agent is intended to have the
implied actual authority necessary to fulfil his responsibilities despite the
lack of express actual authority to do so (The Law of Agency at paras 03.031,
03.033 and 03.036).

148 Hence, in Biggerstaffe v Rowatt’s Wharf, Limited [1896] 2 Ch 93, the
managing director of a company caused it to borrow money and to grant security
to the lender over its assets for the loan. The validity of the security was
challenged on the basis that the managing director did not have the authority
to grant security for loans to the company. The company’s articles of
association authorised its directors to delegate all their powers to a
managing director. But there was no evidence of any such delegation for this
transaction. Despite this, the court held that the managing director did have
implied authority to grant the security because, in granting security, he was
doing something reasonably incidental to his office as managing director.

149 Returning to the facts of this case, I accept that Boromir and Frodo had
implied actual authority from the second respondent and the third respondent
respectively to participate in the March 2016 negotiations and to bind those
companies to the contract. Boromir was a director of the third respondent in
March 2016 in addition to being a director of the first respondent. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at paras 2 and 44.

Further, Frodo was a director of the second respondent in March 2016. He was
also a senior employee of the second respondent. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 31; COT’s written submissions, para 29.

150 I also find that Aragon also had authority to bind the second respondent
and the third respondent, even though he was not a director of either company
in March 2016. The second respondent and the third respondent argue that
Aragon lacked any authority to bind either the second respondent or the third
respondent because neither company had passed a directors’ resolution
specifically authorising Aragon to represent it in the March 2016
negotiations. I do not accept this submission. The lack of a directors’
resolution establishes only that Aragon did not have actual express authority
from either the second respondent or the third respondent to participate in
the March 2016 negotiations on their behalf and to bind them to the contract
which resulted.

151 The absence of a directors’ resolution conferring express actual authority
on Aragon does not address Aragon’s implied actual authority. I find that
Aragon had implied actual authority to participate in the March 2016
negotiations on behalf of the second respondent and the third respondent and
to bind each of them to the contract it gave rise to. I say this for two
reasons. First, Boromir and Frodo, as directors of the second respondent and
the third respondent respectively, participated in the March 2016 negotiations
and remained silent while Aragon took the lead in these negotiations speaking
for both the second respondent and the third respondent. Second, Aragon held a
senior position in the Rohan Group as a result of which both the second
respondent and the third respondent conferred implied authority on Aragon.

152 The starting point in the analysis is to appreciate Aragon’s position
within the Rohan Group. His position is telling as to the ambit of his
authority. He was hired to establish the Rohan Group’s business operations in
Gondor and was given the title of “President” of the Rohan Group’s operations
in Gondor. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 26.

His senior managerial role meant that Aragon had overall responsibility for
supervising the Rohan Group’s activities in Gondor. This extended to overall
responsibility for the second respondent and the third respondent. Indeed, a
member of the Rohan Group’s in-house legal team accepts in his affidavit that
Aragon was a “senior leader” who was “near the top of the chain of command”.
Aragon was therefore the person to whom most employees in the Rohan Group’s
business in Gondor reported by virtue of his position. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

DR’s 1st Affidavit at para 30.

153 Aragon’s role and designation in the Rohan Group’s operations in Gondor
also meant that he had overall responsibility for the Project. Indeed, this
was something which Aragon himself pointed out to Legolas when they spoke on
15 March 2016. That was when Aragon assured Legolas that the second respondent
would pay the claimant once the third respondent managed to draw down the
loans from the project financers (see [84(c)] above). The successful
completion of the Project, on time and within budget, was Aragon’s
responsibility. This must extend to resolving difficulties standing in the way
of completing the Project on time and within budget, such as the claimant’s
suspension of delivery of Modules for the Project. I am satisfied that the
second respondent and the third respondent gave Aragon their implied express
authority to move each of them in directions that he thought were in the best
interests of the Rohan Group in order to complete the Project on time and
within budget. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 35 at pp 1548–1549, Transcript, 6 August
2020, page 47 line 18 to page 48 line 13 at ABD Tab 2.

I therefore conclude that Aragon had the implied actual authority to
participate in the March 2016 negotiations on behalf of the second respondent
and the third respondent, and to bind them to the contract which resulted.

154 Having reached this conclusion, it is not necessary for me to consider the
parties’ submissions on apparent authority.

Conclusion on the validity of the arbitration agreement

155 For all these reasons, I find that there is a valid arbitration agreement
between the claimant and each of the respondents. The tribunal accordingly had
jurisdiction over the dispute which the claimant referred to arbitration. The
respondents’ challenge to the award on this ground fails.

156 I turn to deal with the respondents’ next ground for setting aside the
award.

Excess of its jurisdiction

157 The respondents next submit that the award should be set aside under Art
34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law on the grounds that the award either deals with
a matter not falling within the terms of the submission to arbitration or
contains decisions on matters beyond the scope of the submission to
arbitration, ie, that the tribunal had acted ultra petita.

The law

158 Article 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law was most recently considered by the
Court of Appeal in Bloomberry Resorts and Hotels Inc and another v Global
Gaming Philippines LLC and another [2021] 2 SLR 1279 (“Bloomberry Resorts”).
The Court of Appeal made the following observations about the fundamental
principle underlying Art 34(2)(a)(iii) in respect of allegations that an
arbitral tribunal had acted ultra petita (at [68]):

68 Article 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law is a reflection of the fundamental
principle that an arbitral tribunal has no jurisdiction to decide any issue
not referred to it for determination by the parties (PT Asuransi Jasa
Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA [2007] 1 SLR(R) 597 (“PT Asuransi”) at
[37]). This is wholly in line with the notion of arbitration as a voluntary
form of dispute resolution. Moreover, “where an arbitral award had been made
on issues that had been submitted for arbitration, one party could not be
allowed to introduce a new dispute which was not within the scope of
submission to arbitration” (PT Prima International Development v Kempinski
Hotels SA and other appeals [2012] 4 SLR 98 (“Kempinski”) at [31], citing
London and North Western and Great Western Joint Railway Co v J H Billington,
Ltd [1899] AC 79 at 81). That said, a practical view has to be taken regarding
the substance of the dispute which has been referred to arbitration
(Prometheus Marine Pte Ltd v King, Ann Rita and another appeal [2018] 1 SLR 1
at [58]).

159 The Court of Appeal in Bloomberry Resorts endorsed the following framework
for determining a challenge brought under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law
(at [69]):

69 In CRW Joint Operation v PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK [2011] 4
SLR 305, this court laid out several guidelines to help determine whether an
arbitral award had been made in excess of an arbitral tribunal’s jurisdiction:

(a) the court adopts a two-stage enquiry: (i) first, to determine what matters
are within the scope of submission to the arbitral tribunal; and (ii) second,
to determine whether the arbitral award involved such matters or whether it
involved a new difference outside the scope of the submission to arbitration
and that was, accordingly, irrelevant to the issues requiring determination
(at [30]);

(b) Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law is not concerned with the situation
where a tribunal did not have jurisdiction to deal with a dispute that it
purported to determine, but applies where the tribunal improperly decided
matters that had not been submitted to it or failed to decide matters that had
been submitted to it (at [31]); and

(c) mere errors of law or even fact are not sufficient to warrant setting
aside an award under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law as a distinction has
to be drawn between the erroneous exercise by an arbitral tribunal of an
available power vested in it and the purported exercise by the tribunal of a
power which it did not possess (at [33]).

160 If I find that the award deals with matters not falling within the terms
of the submission to arbitration, the respondents need not show that they
suffered real or actual prejudice (GD Midea Air Conditioning Equipment Co Ltd
v Tornado Consumer Goods Ltd and another matter [2018] 4 SLR 271 at [60]). On
the other hand, if I find that the award deals only with matters falling
within the terms of the submission, that is the end of any challenge on
grounds of jurisdiction.

161 I also accept that I have a residual discretion to refuse to set aside an
award where an excess of jurisdiction has been demonstrated but the applicant
has sustained no prejudice. I am mindful however that this discretion should
be exercised only sparingly (Bloomberry Resorts at [72]).

162 I now turn to consider the parties’ submissions. I begin by considering
the matters falling within the terms of the submission to arbitration.

The respondents’ case

163 The respondents’ case proceeds as follows.

164 The tribunal’s finding that the parties’ contract was a partly written,
partly oral “Modules Delivery Agreement, of which NDU-3 was an appendage” 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Award at para 163, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 264.

does not fall within the terms of the submission to arbitration, whether in
the notice of arbitration, in the claimant’s pleadings, in the terms of
reference or in the list of issues. Instead, the case which the claimant
submitted to arbitration was that the contract between the parties was NDU-3,
a contract in writing concluded on 17 March 2016. The claimant submitted this
dispute to arbitration in all of the claimant’s filings in the arbitration
right up to and including the evidential hearing.

165 It was only after the evidential hearing on 7 August 2020, that the
claimant changed its case. This was when the claimant circulated its draft of
the agreed list of issues as directed by the tribunal. This was the first time
the claimant advanced a case that the parties had concluded a contract
including but not limited to NDU-3 by words and conduct between 15 March 2016
and 18 March 2016. Then, in its closing submissions, the claimant advanced a
case based on a contract on full terms concluded by words or conduct on or by
18 March 2016.

166 The claimant changed its case in this fundamental way without ever seeking
leave to amend its pleaded case. The tribunal’s finding in favour of the
claimant on this changed case was beyond its jurisdiction.

The matters submitted to arbitration

167 The starting point in determining whether an arbitral tribunal has decided
a matter not falling within the terms of the submission to arbitration or a
matter that that goes beyond the scope of submission to arbitration is, quite
obviously, to ascertain the scope of the submission to arbitration. I
therefore begin the analysis with the notice of arbitration and then turn to
consider the terms of reference, the parties’ pleadings which include the
statement of claim, the statement of defence and the reply, the list of issues
and the parties’ closing submissions.

168 Before moving to consider each source in turn, I make four observations.

169 The first observation I make is on the relationship between a challenge on
grounds of jurisdiction under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law and a
challenge on the grounds of inability to present a case under Art 34(2)(a)(ii)
or a breach of natural justice under s 24(b) of the Act. The former type of
challenge raises a fundamental issue. It engages at a general level the scope
of the parties’ agreement to arbitrate and at a more specific level the scope
of the individual submission to arbitration. Although the tribunal has the
power to determine its own jurisdiction, it has no power (absent the parties’
agreement) to cure a lack of jurisdiction. In other words, a tribunal cannot
expand its jurisdiction, ie take jurisdiction over a matter if it has found
that matter to be outside its jurisdiction. The latter type of challenge, in
contrast, raises a purely a procedural issue. It relates only to the manner in
which the tribunal has conducted the arbitration. More importantly, until it
is functus, it is entirely within the tribunal’s power to cure the ground for
this challenge. Until it is functus, the tribunal can extend any accommodation
necessary to address the latter type of challenge, eg, by allowing an
adjournment, reopening discovery of documents, reopening the evidential phase
and recalling witnesses, allowing further oral or written submissions or
awarding costs.

170 The second observation I make is that ascertaining the terms or scope of a
submission to arbitration is a holistic exercise, not a narrow mechanical or
technical exercise (CJA v CIZ [2022] 2 SLR 557 at [38]):

… [T]he question of what matters were within the scope of the parties’
submission to arbitration would be answerable by reference to five sources:
the parties’ pleadings, the list(s) of issues, opening statements, evidence
adduced, and closing submissions at the arbitration. This was an elaboration
of the principle that in considering whether the jurisdiction has been
exceeded, the court must look at matters in the round to determine whether the
issues in question were live issues in the arbitration. In doing so, it does
not apply an unduly narrow view of what the issues were: rather, it is to have
regard to the totality of what was presented to the tribunal whether by way of
evidence, submissions, pleadings or otherwise and consider whether, in the
light of all that, these points were live.

A court should therefore not take an “unduly narrow view” of the terms or the
scope of the submission to arbitration. The answer is, in all cases, a matter
of substance rather than form.

171 The third observation I make is that, when ascertaining the terms or the
scope of a submission to arbitration, the parties’ pleadings are a convenient
reference point but are by no means conclusive. The true objective of the
exercise is to ascertain the limits of the dispute referred to arbitration
(Prometheus Marine Pte Ltd v King, Ann Rita and another [2018] 1 SLR 1 (at
[58])):

58 Furthermore, while pleadings in arbitral proceedings can provide a
convenient reference point to determine the scope of an arbitrator’s
jurisdiction, that jurisdiction is by no means limited by the pleadings
because a practical view has to be taken regarding the substance of the
dispute being referred to arbitration.

172 Counsel for the third respondent cites the case of JVL Agro Industries Ltd
v Agritrade International Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 768 (“JVL Agro”), an earlier
decision of mine. In that case, I considered the role of pleadings in civil
litigation with reference to, amongst others, the dictum of Lord Phillips of
Worth Matravers MR in Loveridge, Loveridge v Healey [2004] EWCA Civ 173 (at
[23]):

It is on the basis of the pleadings that the parties decide what evidence they
will need to place before the court and what preparations are necessary before
the trial. Where one party advances a case that is inconsistent with his
pleadings, it often happens that the other party takes no point on this. Where
the departure from the pleadings causes no prejudice, or where for some other
reason it is obvious that the court, if asked, will give permission to amend
the pleading, the other party may be sensible to take no pleading point.
Where, however, departure from a pleading will cause prejudice, it is in the
interests of justice that the other party should be entitled to insist that
this is not permitted unless the pleading is appropriately amended. That then
introduces, in its proper context, the issue of whether or not the party in
question should be permitted to advance a case which has not hitherto been
pleaded.

173 While I generally endorsed these principles as being equally applicable to
arbitration, I did qualify my observations by adding that “the approach in
arbitration to the rules of procedure, and in particular to the rules of
pleading, is a pragmatic approach which looks to substance over form and
fairness over technicality” (JVL Agro at [177]). Indeed, and as I shall
elaborate below, this is a point which I find to be especially important when
dealing with the respondents’ submissions on this ground for setting aside
this award.

174 The final observation I make is that, although ascertaining the terms and
scope of a reference to arbitration is a holistic exercise which strives to
elevate substance over form, it is not a free for all. Purely as an analytical
tool or a practical aid, it can be conceptualised as being governed by a
series of four concentric circles of decreasing diameter.

175 First and foremost, a tribunal’s jurisdiction is determined by the scope
of the parties’ arbitration agreement on its proper construction. Any attempt
by the parties to submit to arbitration a dispute which does not fall within
the scope of the arbitration agreement must ipso facto fail. A dispute falling
outside the scope of the arbitration agreement cannot, by definition, be
within the terms or scope of a reference to arbitration under that agreement
or within the jurisdiction of a tribunal constituted under that agreement.
This circle usually poses no practical difficulty, at least in the modern
context, for two reasons. First, the modern practitioners’ approach to
arbitration agreements is to draft them very broadly so as to capture all
classes of disputes which may arise under or be related to the contract in
which the arbitration agreement is found. Second, the modern judicial approach
to arbitration agreements is to interpret them like any other contractual
term, and not to interpret them technically or with suspicion. They are now
interpreted so as to uphold commercial expectations that arbitration is a one-
stop mode of alternative dispute resolution (see Fiona Trust & Holding
Corporation and others v Privalov and others [2007] 4 All ER 951 at [27]).

176 The second concentric circle is the notice of arbitration or the request
for arbitration. It is in this document that the party commencing the
arbitration identifies and describes the specific dispute between the parties
which it is referring to arbitration for resolution. A notice of arbitration
is also framed broadly. That is because it is drawn up at an early stage,
without full knowledge of the facts or a full opportunity to examine the law,
sometimes in circumstances of urgency, and without any means of foreseeing
where the vagaries of dispute resolution will take the arbitration. While a
notice of arbitration does serve to give the opposing party notice of the case
it will have to meet in the arbitration, that is not its primary purpose. Its
primary purpose, as I have said, is to identify and describe the dispute being
referred to arbitration.

177 The third concentric circle comprises the parties’ pleadings. This
includes a statement of claim, a statement of case or a complaint as well as
the statement of defence and a reply, and the equivalent of each of these
pleadings for any counterclaim. It is in the pleadings that each party states
with specificity and particularity the facts necessary to establish the case
which it advances in the arbitration, whether by way of claim, defence or
counterclaim. While the parties’ pleadings play a role in delineating the
tribunal’s jurisdiction, that is not the primary purpose of pleadings. The
primary purpose of the pleadings is to give the opposing party reasonable
notice of the case it will have to meet in the arbitration. Thus, if a matter
falls outside the scope of the pleadings, that is some indication – although
by no means conclusive – that it may be outside the scope of the tribunal’s
jurisdiction. Whether it is in fact outside the scope of the tribunal’s
jurisdiction will be determined by whether it comes within the scope of the
arbitration agreement and the notice of arbitration.

178 The fourth concentric circle comprises the other documents in the
arbitration which set out what the tribunal must decide. Some of these
documents are required by the applicable arbitration rules, such as the terms
of reference in an ICC arbitration. Others are documents that the parties
choose to file merely to assist the tribunal, such as opening statements,
agreed or party lists of issues, closing submissions and post-hearing briefs.

179 I have used the analogy of concentric circles of decreasing diameter
because each circle is constrained by the one before it. A notice of
arbitration cannot refer to arbitration a dispute which falls outside the
arbitration agreement. A statement of claim should not plead a claim which
falls outside the scope of the notice of arbitration. A closing submission
should not generally (see [181] below) advance a case which falls outside the
pleadings. This was in fact a point noted by the Court of Appeal in CAJ and
another v CAI and another appeal [2022] 1 SLR 505 (“CAJ”) (at [50]):

The appellants … argue that the dominant consideration in assessing the scope
of the submission to arbitration is whether the parties had joined issue or
directly clashed on the issue in question. … In our view, this argument was
wholly misguided. … the five sources [ie, the parties’ pleadings, agreed list
of issues, opening statements, evidence adduced, and closing submissions] …
are not discrete or independent sources. It would not suffice for the purposes
of determining the tribunal’s jurisdiction that the issue in question had been
raised in any one of the five sources. Instead, the overriding consideration
is to determine whether the relevant issues had been properly pleaded before
the tribunal.

[emphasis]

180 It is, of course, true that all of these documents play a role in
ascertaining the scope of a tribunal’s jurisdiction. But it is the case that,
strictly speaking, a tribunal’s jurisdiction is determined principally by the
arbitration agreement and the notice of arbitration. It is the arbitration
agreement which delineates the disputes that can be submitted to arbitration
under it. If a dispute is outside that class, no tribunal can be constituted
under that arbitration agreement to resolve it. It is the notice of
arbitration which delineates the scope of the specific dispute which a
claimant now refers to arbitration. If a dispute is outside the scope of the
notice of arbitration, it will be outside the terms and scope of the reference
to arbitration before a tribunal constituted as a result of that notice. Of
course, it remains open to a claimant to refer that dispute to arbitration by
a separate notice of arbitration.

181 There is, however, an important distinction between the last two circles
and the first two circles. The last two circles, ie, the parties’ pleadings
and other documents filed in the arbitration, are within the control of the
parties and the tribunal (once constituted). If a list of issues or a closing
submission goes beyond the scope of a party’s pleading, it is open to that
party to seek to amend the pleadings, and it is within the power of the
tribunal to allow the application to amend, even if the opposing party
withholds its consent. The first two circles, ie, the arbitration agreement
and the notice of arbitration, are entirely outside the control of either the
parties or the tribunal. If a notice of arbitration includes a claim which
goes beyond the scope of the arbitration agreement, there is nothing that can
be done. So too, if a pleading contains a claim which goes outside the scope
of the notice of arbitration, there is nothing that the tribunal or the
parties can do. All of this is, of course, subject to the universal solvent in
arbitration which is bilateral consent.

182 Thus, the mere fact that an issue appears, for example, in a party’s
closing submission but does not appear in that party’s pleadings does not
necessarily mean that the tribunal has exceeded its jurisdiction if it
determines that issue. The litmus test for whether an issue falls outside the
terms or scope of a submission to arbitration is to ask whether the tribunal
has the power to allow that party to amend its pleadings to incorporate the
issue in the exercise of its procedural discretion (see CAJ at [40]). That in
turn will require a consideration of the first two concentric circles. If the
answer is yes, it cannot be said that the issue falls outside the terms or
scope of the submission to arbitration.

183 I now turn to consider the terms and scope of this reference to
arbitration.

184 There is no suggestion that the claimant’s case on the MDA which the
tribunal accepted falls outside the scope of the arbitration agreement in cl 9
of NDU-3.

185 I therefore begin by assessing the scope of the notice of arbitration.

The notice of arbitration

186 The notice of arbitration is dated 11 April 2017. A summary of its
contents is as follows: 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/A/1/5-9 at ABD Tab 2.

(a) At paragraph 1, the claimant asserts that its claim arises from or is
connected with legal obligations assumed by the respondents, and that these
obligations are “contained in or evidenced by” an NDU dated 17 March 2016, ie,
NDU-3.

(b) At paragraph 2, the claimant sets out the obligations undertaken by each
of the respondents under NDU-3.

(c) At paragraph 3, the claimant asserts that the respondents’ conduct amounts
to breaches of each of their obligations under NDU-3.

(d) At paragraph 7, the claimant claims as its primary relief the sum of
₴7.35m from the second respondent. In the alternative, the claimant also
claims, damages in the sum of ₴7.35m jointly and severally from the
respondents.

187 I make two observations. First, the notice of arbitration was drawn
widely. It referred to arbitration a claim arising from or connected with a
contract contained in or evidenced by NDU-3. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/A/1/5 at ABD Tab 2.

The dispute which the claimant referred to arbitration was not said to arise
only out of NDU-3 as a contract, but also out of a contract evidenced by
NDU-3. Further, the dispute which the claimant referred to arbitration does
not only arise from NDU-3 but is also connected to NDU-3.

188 In my view, the claimant framed the dispute which it referred to
arbitration by its notice of arbitration sufficiently widely to encompass a
partly oral and partly written contract arising out of the March 2016
negotiations and connected to or evidenced by NDU-3.

The terms of reference

189 I turn next to the terms of reference. In an arbitration under the ICC
Rules such as this arbitration, the terms of reference is a contractual
instrument signed by the parties and the tribunal after the tribunal has been
constituted. It assists the tribunal by allowing the tribunal to state, in
clear terms, the scope of the dispute which the parties have referred to it
for resolution. Given that it is the tribunal who drafts the terms of
reference, albeit with the input of the parties, it is an accurate and
detailed reflection of what the tribunal conceives as the issues which the
parties have referred to it for determination.

190 The requirements for the terms of reference are prescribed by the ICC
Rules. Article 23(1) of the ICC Rules states that an “arbitral tribunal shall
draw up, on the basis of documents or in the presence of the parties and in
the light of their most recent submissions, a document defining its terms of
reference”. Articles 23(1)(c) and (d) of the ICC Rules require the terms of
reference to contain “a summary of the parties’ respective claims and of the
relief sought by each party, together with the amounts of any quantified
claims and, to the extent possible, an estimate of the monetary value of any
other claims” and “a list of issues to be determined” unless the tribunal
considers it inappropriate. Of particular importance is Art 23(4) of the ICC
Rules:

4) After the terms of reference have been signed or approved by the Court, no
party shall make new claims which fall outside the limits of the terms of
reference unless it has been authorized to do so by the arbitral tribunal,
which shall consider the nature of such new claims, the stage of the
arbitration and other relevant circumstances.

191 In other words, once the tribunal has drawn up the terms of reference, the
parties are contractually bound not to raise new issues in the arbitration
without the tribunal’s authorisation.

192 The terms of reference in this arbitration are dated 10 April 2019. A
summary of its contents is as follows: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/B/14/110-128 at ABD Tab 2.

(a) Paragraphs 9 to 14 list the jurisdictional objections raised by the
respondents. These include the objection based on the non-existence of an
arbitration agreement and the argument that, even if one exists, the second
respondent and the third respondent are not parties to it.

(b) Paragraph 33 provides that the claim summaries are not intended to be a
comprehensive or exact statement of all matters that will be particularised in
the parties’ pleadings and their submissions in due course and that the
tribunal reserves the right to admit whatever contentions and claims the
interests of justice require.

(c) Paragraphs 37 to 39 record the claimant’s case. They state that the
parties entered into negotiations to resolve the claimant’s refusal to deliver
the Modules, and that the parties “eventually reached an agreement, and
pursuant to that agreement, [NDU-3] was issued in favour of [the claimant]”.
In reliance on this agreement, the claimant released the Modules.

(d) Paragraph 46 lists the relief which the claimant seeks. In particular, it
notes that the claimant claims damages against the respondents for breach of
their obligations “contained in and/or evidenced by” NDU-3, tracking the
language of the notice of arbitration.

(e) Paragraphs 47 to 66 record the respondents’ defences, in particular, their
argument that no contract whatsoever exists with the claimant and, even if it
does, that the second respondent and the third respondent are not parties to
that agreement.

193 The terms of reference record the claimant’s position that the obligations
which it claims the respondents breached are “evidenced by” NDU-3. This is
broad enough to encompass a case that the obligations arose before the
respondents sent NDU-3 to the claimant. In fact, this line of reasoning is
reflected in paragraphs 37 to 39 of the terms of reference, which describe how
the parties entered into negotiations and reached “an agreement”, and that
“pursuant to that agreement”, NDU-3 was issued in the claimant’s favour. Read
this way, it becomes apparent that the terms of reference encompass a case,
not only that the claimant’s contract with the respondents was NDU-3, but also
that the parties’ contract may have been partly oral and concluded before the
respondents sent NDU-3 to the claimant, albeit evidenced by NDU-3.

The parties’ pleadings

194 The claimant’s pleaded case in its statement of claim dated 1 July 2019
was consistent with its notice of arbitration and the terms of reference: 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/A/5/52-140 at ABD Tab 2.

(a) At paragraph 104, the claimant pleads that a contract on basic or
essential terms was concluded by 17 March 2016 by words or conduct, and that
NDU-3 was issued pursuant to that contract. The claimant pleads the exact
terms of this contract at paragraph 105. While most of the terms pleaded are
drawn from the text of NDU-3, the claimant also pleads at paragraph 105(5) a
term that the claimant would deliver the remaining Modules to the respondents.
This term is found nowhere in the text of NDU-3. This again is consistent with
the claimant’s case in the notice of arbitration and as recorded in the terms
of reference that the parties’ contract was concluded by words and conduct.

(b) At paragraph 106 of the statement of claim, the claimant pleads that the
email correspondence on 17 March 2016 which culminated in NDU-3 “evidences the
conclusion of a contract” between the parties. Thus, the claimant maintains
the point that the contract it relies on is the result of the course of the
parties’ negotiations on 17 March 2016 and was merely evidenced by, rather
than consisted of, NDU-3.

(c) At paragraph 117, the claimant pleads that the parties were unable to
reach any further agreement on the non-essential terms, and that no agreement
was reached about further changes to the contract, which in any event was
concluded.

(d) At paragraphs 142 to 146, the claimant pleads how each respondent breached
its obligations under the contract.

(e) At paragraphs 150 to 152, the claimant pleads the heads of loss and damage
that the respondents allegedly caused it to suffer.

195 The claimant’s statement of reply dated 13 September 2019 at paragraphs 21
to 23 reiterates its position that NDU-3 “evidences the contract and
arbitration agreement concluded between the parties”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/A/9/302-303 at ABD Tab 2.

Again, the claimant’s use of the phrase “evidences the contract” advances a
claim that NDU-3 was not, in and of itself, the parties’ contract.

196 In addition, a review of the statements of defence filed by each
respondent makes clear that whether a contract was concluded, and if so its
terms, was very much within the scope of the submission to arbitration. In the
first respondent’s statement of defence dated 14 August 2019 at paragraphs 44
to 68, the first respondent pleads that the March 2016 negotiations did not
lead to any contract being concluded. Further, even if a contract was
concluded, it was solely in the form of an NDU. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/A/6/163-171 at ABD Tab 2.

As for the second respondent and the third respondent, their primary position
in their statements of defence was that no contract was concluded in the form
of an NDU. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/A/7/215-216 at ABD Tab 2; Boromir’s 1st
Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/A/8/263-264 at ABD Tab 2.

197 Finally, the second respondent’s and the third respondent’s statements of
rejoinder, both dated 14 October 2019, are substantially similar. Both take
issue with the claimant’s case that a contract was concluded on basic or
essential terms as evidenced by the “[p]arties interactions and dealings”
during the material time. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/A/11/335 at ABD Tab 2; Boromir’s 1st
Affidavit at VB-2 at HB/A/12/360 at ABD Tab 2.

The list of issues

198 In its first draft of the list of issues sent on 11 August 2020, the
claimant proposed including the following issue in the agreed list of issues
for the tribunal: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 37 at p 1792; Boromir’s 3rd Affidavit at
para 201.

4\. Was a contract on full terms concluded between the Claimant and the
Respondents on or about 18 March 2016?

199 The respondents’ case is that this is the first time that the claimant
crystallised the main plank of its case as a contract on full terms between
itself and the respondents concluded on or about 18 March 2016. The
respondents resisted the claimant’s attempt to include this issue. They
replied on 15 August 2020 proposing that the draft list of issues be amended
to be consistent with the claimant’s pleaded case up to that point: 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 43 at p 1809.

(a) Whether there was a valid, binding and enforceable contract on the terms
of the NDU.

The respondents took the position that they had understood this to be the
claimant’s case throughout the arbitration proceedings thus far.

200 On 17 August 2020, the claimant sent an amended draft list of issues to
the respondents, reiterating their original proposal on 11 August 2020. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 44 at pp 1828–1829.

In the covering email, the claimant clarified that it never regarded the
agreement between the parties to be confined to the NDU. The claimant
reiterated this position on 19 August 2020 in an email. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 45 at pp 1846–1847.

201 As a result of this impasse, the parties could not agree a list of issues.
The respondents proposed that each side submit its own list of issues. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 53 at pp 1930-1935.

The claimant agreed. In its own draft list of issues, the claimant set out the
issue as follows: 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 54 at pp 1948.

(b) Whether a contract on full or basic/essential terms was concluded by words
and conduct between [the claimant] and the Respondents (or any one or more of
them) between 15 March 2016 and 18 March 2016.

202 Counsel for the third respondent informed the tribunal that it objected to
the claimant including this issue on the basis that it did not fall within the
terms of the parties’ submission to arbitration or represented matters not
within the scope of the submission to arbitration: 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 59 at p 1988.

The respondents therefore take objection to issue (b) of the List of [the
claimant’s] Issues, as it implies that [the claimant’s] case is that a
contract had been concluded “between 15 March 2016 and 18 March 2016”, when
this is not how [the claimant] has run its case at all, whether in its
pleadings or its witness statements. Issue (b) is, therefore, not an issue
which is contemplated by, or falls within the terms of the submission to
arbitration, nor does it represent matters within the scope of the submission
to arbitration.

203 The claimant responded to say that it had always been its case that the
parties concluded a contract by words or conduct through their discussion over
the material period, and that the contract was evidenced by NDU-3. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 60 at pp 1990–1991.

The parties’ closing submissions

204 The claimant carried its position from its list of issues through to its
closing submissions: 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 63 at pp 1997–2056, COT’s closing
submissions.

(a) the claimant submitted that, on or by 17 March 2016, the parties “had
reached an agreement on all essential terms – which is for the Respondents to
directly pay or arrange payment for the Modules it had ordered from [the
claimant] and requested that [the claimant] deliver to them, secured by a
charge over 24% of [the third respondent], in exchange for [the claimant’s]
release of the rest of the said Modules it had hitherto withheld delivery of”.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 63 at p 2028, COT’s closing submissions at
para 92.

(b) the claimant “regarded a contract on full terms to have been concluded by
words or conduct on or by 18 March 2016”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at VB-3 Tab 63 at pp 2021–2022, COT’s closing
submissions at para 72.

205 Despite having had notice – albeit in their view late notice – of the
claimant’s case as set out in the list of issues, the respondents continued to
assert their position that the claimant’s case remained whether the parties
had concluded an agreement on 17 March 2016 on the terms set out in NDU-3 and
did not respond to the claimant’s case as advanced in its closing submissions.
This was the respondents’ position even when they were given the opportunity
to respond to the claimant’s closing submission in reply closing submissions.

The tribunal’s findings fell within the scope of terms and scope of the
submission to arbitration

206 The documents canvassed above make it clear that, despite any differences
in the form in which the claimant asserted its case in these documents, the
central issue which the claimant submitted to the tribunal remained consistent
from the notice of arbitration to the closing submissions, namely whether the
March 2016 negotiations resulted in a concluded contract whose obligations are
“contained in or evidenced by” NDU-3.

207 Although jurisdiction is a fundamental issue, a court hearing a
jurisdictional challenge should not adopt an overly technical or formal
approach to ascertaining the scope of the submission to arbitration (see [77]
above). It appears to me that that is exactly what the respondents have done.

208 It is true that the claimant never set out in any of the documents I have
canvassed the precise form of words which the tribunal adopted in its award:
“Modules Delivery Agreement, of which NDU-3 was an appendage”. But that is a
mere issue of form, not substance. The tribunal did not use this term to
signify some departure from the central matter which the claimant had
submitted to arbitration. The tribunal used this term as a convenient label in
deciding the very matter which the claimant had submitted to arbitration, ie,
whether the parties had concluded a contract “contained in or evidenced by”
NDU-3. The tribunal referred to the MDA as consisting of oral and written
terms. NDU-3 contained the written terms, as an appendage. The oral terms, on
the other hand arose from the March 2016 negotiations.

209 The tribunal’s findings fell well within the terms and scope of the
submission to arbitration, ie, whether a contract was formed between the
parties, and if so, the terms of that contract. Indeed, if one refers to, for
instance, the claimant’s statement of claim, its pleaded case that the
contract was concluded by “words and/or conduct” can be interpreted to mean
that a contract was concluded from looking at the parties’ correspondence and
conduct throughout March 2016 negotiations.

Conclusion on excess of jurisdiction

210 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the tribunal’s holding that the
parties’ concluded a contract called the “Modules Delivery Agreement, of which
NDU-3 was an appendage” 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Award at para 163, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 264.

was well within the terms and scope of the submission to the arbitration, ie,
that the claimant has rights arising from or connected with legal obligations
assumed by the respondents by words or conduct “contained in or evidenced by”
NDU-3.

211 The tribunal did not act in excess of its jurisdiction in its award.
Accordingly, I reject the respondents’ submission that the award should be
aside under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law.

Whether there was a breach of natural justice in connection with the making of
the award

212 I now turn to the respondents’ final ground, which is that the tribunal
acted in breach of the rules of natural justice within the meaning of s 24(b)
of the Act, or that the respondents were unable to present their case within
the meaning of Art 34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law. On each of these provisions,
it is the respondents’ case that the tribunal breached the fair hearing rule.

The law

213 I set out the applicable principles relating to a challenge mounted under
Art 34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law and section 24(b) of the Act in brief.
Article 34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law is co-extensive in scope and effect with
s 24(b) of the Act. It is therefore convenient and appropriate to undertake
together the analysis of a challenge relying on both provisions (CEF and
another v CEH [2021] SGHC 114 (“CEF”) at [98]).

214 In CEF, I summarised the principles relevant to a challenge on the grounds
that the tribunal had breached the fair hearing rule under both provisions (at
[99]):

99 The propositions of law relevant to a challenge on grounds of a breach of
the fair hearing rule, whether under s 24(b) of the Act or under Art
34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law can be summarised as follows:

(a) If an applicant was given an opportunity to present its case on a
particular issue but did not avail itself of that opportunity, the award will
not be set aside: Triulzi Cesare SRL v Xinyi Group (Glass) Co Ltd [2015] 1 SLR
114 at [94].

(b) The court will look at the pleadings and the proceedings in the
arbitration holistically rather than technically in order to determine whether
it ought to have been clear to the applicant that the point was in issue: Soh
Beng Tee v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 (“Soh Beng Tee”).

(c) There must be a causal nexus between the breach of natural justice and the
aspect of the award which the applicant seeks to set aside. If a tribunal
reached its decision on a basis which is untainted by the breach of natural
justice, then the necessary causal nexus will be absent: ADG at [127],
[140]–[141].

(d) The applicant must show that the breach of natural justice denied the
tribunal the benefit of evidence or arguments that had a real, as opposed to a
fanciful, chance of making a difference to its decision. An applicant will
suffer prejudice so long as the evidence or arguments, if presented, could
have made a difference to the tribunal’s decision: L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd
v Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd [2013] 1 SLR 125 at [54].

215 In addition to this, I examined more closely the principles applicable to
a challenge for breach of the fair hearing rule in CDX and another v CDZ and
another [2021] 5 SLR 405 (at [34] and [35]):

34 The principles of law which I must apply to ascertain whether a breach of
natural justice has taken place are common ground. They can therefore be
summarised in the following propositions without need for further development:

(a) There are two pillars of natural justice: (i) the right to a disinterested
and unbiased tribunal; and (ii) the right to be heard: Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte
Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 (“Soh Beng Tee”) at
[43]; China Machine New Energy Corp v Jaguar Energy Guatemala LLC and another
[2020] 1 SLR 695 (“China Machine”) at [87].

(b) Article 18 of the Model Law gives express effect to these two pillars by
providing that every party to an arbitration has a right to be treated with
equality and a right to a “full opportunity” of presenting its case: China
Machine at [88], [90].

(c) Despite what the word “full” in Art 18 of the Model Law might suggest, a
party’s right to an opportunity to present its case in an arbitration is not
of unlimited scope. The right is “impliedly limited by considerations of
reasonableness and fairness”: China Machine at [97] and [104(b)].

(d) A party’s right to be heard in the arbitration comprises:

(i) a party’s right to have reasonable and fair notice:

(A) from the opposing party of the case it must meet on each issue of fact or
law which the opposing party raises in the arbitration as an essential link in
the chain of reasoning leading to the relief it seeks in the arbitration (see
JVL Agro Industries Ltd v Agritrade International Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 768 at
[147]); and

…

(ii) a party’s right to a reasonable and fair opportunity:

(A) to present its case on all of those issues; and

(B) to respond to the case presented against it on those issues: China Machine
at [87]; and

(iii) a party’s right to have the tribunal make some attempt bona fide to
understand, engage with and apply its mind to its case on those issues (Front
Row Investment Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Daimler South East Asia Pte Ltd
[2010] SGHC 80 at [35]; TMM Division Maritima SA de CV v Pacific Richfield
Marine Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 972 (“TMM Division”) at [89]–[91] and [106]).

(e) Where a party complains that a tribunal deprived it of a reasonable and
fair opportunity to be heard on an issue which the tribunal has incorporated
as a link in its chain of reasoning, that party must show that a reasonable
party could not have foreseen that the tribunal would incorporate that issue.
That test will be satisfied, for example, where the tribunal’s incorporation
of that issue in its chain of reasoning is a dramatic departure from the
parties’ submissions: Soh Beng Tee at [65(d)].

(f) Where a party complains that a tribunal deprived it of a reasonable and
fair opportunity to be heard because of the manner in which the tribunal
exercised a discretion in its procedural management of the arbitration, “the
proper approach a court should take is to ask itself if what the tribunal did
(or decided not to do) falls within the range of what a reasonable and fair-
minded tribunal in those circumstances might have done”. This test is a fact-
sensitive inquiry to be applied from the arbitrator’s perspective: China
Machine at [98] and [104(c)]–[104(d)].

(g) It is not a breach of natural justice, in itself, for a tribunal to fail
to refer every issue which it incorporates as a link in its chain of reasoning
to the parties for submission: Soh Beng Tee at [65(d)], citing at [58] ABB AG
v Hochtief Airport GmbH [2006] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 1 (“Hochtief”).

(h) In particular, it is not a breach of natural justice:

(i) for a tribunal to adopt an issue as a link in its chain of reasoning even
if the parties:

(A) did not plead or include that issue in a formal list of issues, provided
that the issue surfaced in the course of the arbitration and was known to all
the parties: PT Prima International Development v Kempinski Hotels SA and
other appeals [2012] 4 SLR 98 at [47]; and

…

(iv) if a party fails to present evidence or submissions to a tribunal on an
issue which is a link in the tribunal’s chain of reasoning, either because the
party fails to appreciate that the issue is before the tribunal through
mistake or misunderstanding or because the party makes a conscious tactical
choice not to engage the opposing party on that issue: Triulzi at [137].

(i) Finally, and axiomatically, it is not a breach of natural justice for a
tribunal simply to make an error in its award: BLC v BLB [2014] 4 SLR 79 at
[53].

35 In addition to showing that a breach of natural justice has taken place, a
party seeking to set aside an award under s 24(b) of the International
Arbitration Act must also establish two additional factors: (a) that the
breach of natural justice “occurred in connection with the making of the
award”, ie, that there is a causal nexus between the breach of natural justice
and the aspect of the award with which the party is aggrieved (Soh Beng Tee at
[73]); and (b) that the breach of natural justice caused actual or real
prejudice to the party (Soh Beng Tee at [86]), though it need not show that
the prejudice is substantial (Soh Beng Tee [91]).

216 Finally, the court in TMM Division Maritima SA de CV v Pacific Richfield
Marine Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 972 (“TMM Division”) laid down several guiding
principles in determining whether a tribunal’s failure to consider an aspect
of the parties’ submissions in an award amounts to a violation of a party’s
right to be heard:

(a) The starting point is that an arbitral tribunal need not deal with every
argument raised; all that is required is that the essential issues are dealt
with (at [72]–[73]).

(b) In determining what constitutes an essential issue, courts must bear in
mind that the arbitral tribunal has the prerogative to consider how the
dispute should be disposed of without further consideration of certain issues,
and should be given fair latitude in determining what is essential. Whereas a
court may take a contrary view ex post facto, it should not be too ready to
intervene (at [74]).

(c) As long as one argument resolves the issue, it is not necessary to insist
that the arbitral tribunal go on to consider the other arguments which have
been rendered academic. The rule of natural justice protects the right to be
heard and not a right to receive responses to all the submissions or arguments
presented (at [76]).

(d) Even if there was an inadequate provision of reasons by the tribunal, that
is merely an error of law on the part of the tribunal. It is well recognised
that the court normally does not intervene in an award under the Act on the
basis of errors of law per se, and an allegation of inadequate reasons and
explanations is therefore generally not capable of sustaining a challenge
against an award (at [98]).

(e) In particular, the following guiding factors are relevant in determining
the adequacy of the reasons provided by the tribunal (at [103]):

(i) The standard of explanation required in every case must correspond to the
requirements of the case. Costs and delays are relevant factors to consider
when determining the extent to which reasons and explanations are to be set
out in detail.

(ii) There should be a summary of all the key relevant evidence but not all
the detailed evidence needs to be referred to.

(iii) The parties’ opposing stance and the tribunal’s findings of fact on the
material issues should be set out. However, the tribunal does not have to make
an explicit ruling on each and every factual issue.

(f) Ultimately, the crux is whether the contents of the arbitral award taken
as a whole inform the parties of the bases on which the arbitral tribunal
reached its decision on the material or essential issues; there is no
requirement for the arbitral tribunal to touch on “each and every point in
dispute” in its grounds of decision (at [104] and [105])

The respondents’ case

217 The respondents submit that the tribunal breached their right to a fair
hearing and deprived them of a reasonable opportunity to be heard on three
grounds.

218 The first ground relates to the tribunal’s decision to accept what the
respondents allege was the claimant’s new case, without affording the
respondents an opportunity to reopen the evidential inquiry and reorientate
its focus according to that case (“the Notice Ground”). The respondents argue
that by allowing the claimant to change its case at the eleventh hour via the
list of issues, after the evidential phase and before closing submissions, the
tribunal deprived the respondents of a reasonable opportunity to respond to
that case. The respondents argue that the tribunal failed to invite or allow
the respondents to adduce evidence, to cross-examine the claimant’s witnesses
based on the new case, or at the very least, ask the respondents to respond to
the claimant’s new case in their closing submissions and reply closing
submissions.

219 The respondents further argue that it was because of this failure that
they made submissions only on the claimant’s case that the parties had
concluded a contract on 17 March 2016 in the form of NDU-3, rather than on the
claimant’s new case. This resulted in respondents being deprived of their
right to be heard on an issue which was crucial to the tribunal’s reasoning in
the award. As a result, the award was based on a chain of reasoning that the
respondents did not have a reasonable opportunity to address.

220 The second ground relates to the tribunal’s fact-finding decision
regarding the loss and damage suffered by the claimant (“the Loss and Damage
Ground”). The respondents argue that the tribunal made a factual finding that
the quantum of loss and damage suffered by the claimant amounted to ₴7.35m
despite the claimant’s failure to adduce specific evidence on the value of the
first respondent’s shares in the third respondent.

221 The tribunal’s reasons for valuing the first respondent’s shares in the
third respondent which the first respondent had disposed of in breach of the
MDA at ₴7.35m were as follows:

218\. Further, [Legolas] also deposed paragraph 4 of his affidavit of 20
August 2016 that Exhibit 3R-6 (which was disclosed by [the third respondent])
refers to the SPA dated 26 September 2016 under which [the Procurement
Company] and the non-Debtor owner/sellers agreed to transfer all the shares in
the [Gondorian] entities to [the Sauron Group], and for [the Sauron Group] to
pay about …[₴]38 million only to non-Debtor owner/sellers and (not [the
Procurement Company]).

219\. The Respondents have not denied [Legolas’s] testimony on these figures
as set out paragraph 83(b) of his Witness Statement or his affidavit when he
was cross-examined

220\. It would appear from [Legolas’s] two statements that the Project was
sold between ...[₴]32-38 million to [the Sauron Group]. Taking the lower
figure, 24% of …[₴]32 million is …[₴]7,680.000, which already exceeds the
amount of …[₴]7,348,403.10 claimed by [the claimant].

222 The respondents submit that the tribunal misinterpreted Legolas’s evidence
in his witness statements. They took him to be saying that the price for the
third respondent alone was ₴32m to ₴38m, whereas he was actually saying that
that was the price for a number of companies only one of which was the third
respondent. The respondents also rely on a host of other factual and logical
errors which the tribunal allegedly made in quantifying the value of the
shares in the third respondent.

223 At a more fundamental level, the respondents complain that the tribunal
failed to give them an opportunity to lead evidence or make submissions on the
issue of loss and damage, including the value of the first respondent’s shares
in the third respondent. The respondents argue that there was evidence to show
that Sauron Group paid only ₴1.09m for the first respondent’s shares in the
third respondent. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at para 252(b).

224 The last ground is part of the respondents’ broader submission that the
tribunal failed to consider key arguments which could have had a material
bearing on the tribunal’s finding on whether the parties had concluded the MDA
(“the Key Arguments Ground”). The respondents argue that it is apparent on the
face of the award that the tribunal failed to consider the following key
arguments in the chain of reasoning it followed to conclude that the parties
had concluded the MDA:

(a) That the second respondent would be in breach of Gondorian law if it were
found to be a party to NDU-3.

(b) That Aragon, Frodo and Samwise were never specifically authorised by way
of a resolution of the directors of the second respondent to negotiate and
enter into any contract on behalf of the second respondent.

(c) That the second respondent had fully discharged its payment obligations to
the Procurement Company.

(d) That the claimant’s release of the Modules was a commercial decision that
it made, rather than performance of a contractual obligation.

(e) That the claimant’s conduct after the March 2016 was inconsistent with the
parties having concluded any contract in March 2016. This conduct includes:

(i) Gimli’s failure to ask for the hard copy of the signed NDU-3.

(ii) The absence of any documentary records consistent with the parties having
concluded a contract.

(iii) the claimant’s failure to raise the NDU in its discussions with the
Sauron Group in October 2016 when attempting to negotiate payment of the
claimant’s outstanding invoices (see [27] above).

(iv) the claimant’s failure to raise the NDU to block the sale of the first
respondent’s shares in the third respondent to the Sauron Group.

(f) That the claimant has not shown how the alleged breach of the NDU caused
it to suffer loss and damage.

(g) The fact that the Procurement Company’ payment obligations under the MSA
are expressly non-assignable.

(h) That the third respondent had fully discharged its payment obligations to
the second respondent.

(i) That the third respondent could not be unjustly enriched because the
claimant did not plead any unjust factor, and the unjust factors raised in its
closing submissions were not made out.

(j) That the Modules supplied by the claimant did not result in the completion
of the Project.

The Notice Ground

225 I have held that the tribunal did not go beyond the terms or scope of the
submission to arbitration when it held that the parties had concluded the MDA.
In explaining that holding, I have analysed the claimant’s case and the
respondents’ response to it from the notice of arbitration to the reply
closing submissions.

226 That analysis shows two things. First, that the issue which the claimant
advanced in its list of issues was an issue which fell within the terms and
scope of the submission to arbitration. It was therefore open to the claimant
to pursue that issue and for the tribunal to determine it, subject only to the
respondents’ right to a reasonable opportunity to present their case on the
issue.

227 It is perhaps true that the claimant did not plead this issue. But the
claimant’s list of issues did no more than to make patent what had until then
been latent in the claimant’s case. And the claimant’s list of issues made
that issue patent with complete clarity. From that point forward, the
respondents could no longer claim not to have reasonable notice of the case
they had to meet on this issue. Second, even at that late stage, it was
possible for the respondents to engage with that issue. Instead, the
respondents decided to take the all-or-nothing position that the issue fell
outside the terms or scope of the submission to arbitration. Further, at no
time did the respondents take the point that it would be a breach of their
right to a fair hearing for the tribunal to entertain and decide the issue in
its award. As a result, the respondents chose to stand or fall on this issue
on the jurisdictional point. They chose not to ask the tribunal to grant them
an accommodation in order to allow them a reasonable opportunity to deal with
the issue, eg, by asking the tribunal to require the claimant to amend its
formal pleadings, by asking the tribunal to reopen the evidential phase (if
there was a basis to do so), by asking the tribunal to allow them more time
for their written closing submissions (again, if there was a basis to do so)
or by dealing with this aspect of the claimant’s case in its closing
submissions without prejudice to its jurisdictional objection.

228 What happened in this arbitration is not that the tribunal deprived the
respondents of a reasonable opportunity to be heard on this issue. What
happened is that the respondents took a tactical decision to press on with
their closing submissions without addressing this issue, despite having had
sufficient and reasonable notice of it, hoping that the tribunal would uphold
the jurisdictional objection. That is, of course, a tactical decision which
was open to the respondents. Having made their tactical bed, however, they
must now lie in it. The tribunal did not deprive the respondents of a
reasonable right to be heard on this issue. The respondents renounced that
right in favour of a jurisdictional objection. It therefore cannot be said
that a reasonable and fair-minded tribunal would have notice of the
respondents’ grievance, and certainly cannot be faulted for not giving the
respondents the opportunity to re-open the evidential inquiry.

229 I therefore do not accept that the Notice Ground establishes a breach of
the rules of natural justice.

The Loss and Damage Ground

230 The grounds for setting aside an award must be construed and applied
bearing in mind the very strong policy imperative from treaty, legislation and
precedent of minimal curial intervention in arbitration (Soh Beng Tee v
Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 at [65(c)]). It is therefore
axiomatic that a party cannot challenge an award on the ground that the
tribunal made an error in its findings of fact or its holdings of law. The
court does not sit as an appellate court to re-examine the tribunal’s award on
its merits (TMM Division at [2]). It follows that a party cannot dress up what
is in substance a complaint that a tribunal made an error of fact or law as a
complaint that the tribunal failed to give that party a reasonable opportunity
to present its case.

231 Insofar as the respondents seek to set aside the award on the basis that
the tribunal fell into error in its quantification of loss and damage, that is
a non-starter. Indeed, I find that all of these arguments amount in substance
to nothing more than an argument that the tribunal erred in its findings of
fact. That is not a valid ground of challenge.

232 In any event, it is not open to the respondents to allege that it did not
have a reasonable opportunity to address the reasoning which the tribunal
ultimately adopted on the Loss and Damage Ground. It was obvious from the
outset that there was a dispute as to quantum. The respondents do not say
otherwise. There is a clear nexus between the value of the first respondent’s
shares in the third respondent and the quantification of the claimant’s loss
and damage. Those shares were, after all, the subject matter of the non-
disposal undertaking. Any evidence that would assist the tribunal in valuing
the first respondent’s shares in the third respondent is therefore evidence
which is relevant to the matters before the tribunal. Indeed, the third
respondent itself admitted that there was evidence which was directly relevant
to the issue of valuing the first respondent’s shares in the third respondent.
Yet it failed to bring this evidence to the tribunal’s attention, or to adduce
any material evidence that would have assisted the tribunal in this aspect.
Indeed, the tribunal observed as much: 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Award at paras 219 and 221, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 276.

219\. The Respondents have not denied [Legolas’s] testimony on these figures
as set out [sic] paragraph 83(b) of his Witness Statement or his affidavit
when he was cross-examined.

…

221\. The sale price of its shares in [the third respondent] (or the
[Project]) to [the Sauron Group] was known to [the first respondent]. So was
the price. However, [the first respondent] has not disclosed the SPA. What it
has disclosed is a copy of the Securities Transfer Form dated 27 October 2016
executed by [the first respondent] to transfer its 99.99% shares in [the third
respondent]. Although the transfer form has two boxes for the consideration
(sale price) to be stated in words and in figures, the copy disclosed omitted
the consideration paid for the shares.

233 While the third respondent sought to rationalise its failure to do so on
the basis that the claimant had not discharged its burden of proving that the
wrongful disposal of the shares in the third respondent had caused loss and
damage, and there was therefore no dispute, I find that to be a disingenuous
invocation of parties’ respective burdens of proof. The respondents seek to
criticise the tribunal’s conduct for something that they themselves have not
seen fit to put before the tribunal for consideration. Having failed to bring
to the tribunal’s attention the existence of such evidence that could shed
light on the quantification of the third respondent shares, it does not now
lie in the respondents’ mouth to say that the tribunal had not afforded them
an opportunity to present their case.

234 Accordingly, I find that there is no breach of natural justice on the Loss
and Damage Issue.

The Key Arguments Issue

235 Contrary to the respondents’ submission that the tribunal failed to
consider several of its arguments, I find that the tribunal demonstrated its
attempts to engage with and apply its mind to the respondents’ case on those
issues. The tribunal recorded each of the respondents’ submissions in the
relevant portions of the award concerning those issues, before moving on to
give its reasons for its decision on that issue.

236 In my view, it is not necessary for a tribunal to decide every point
raised by the respondents in resolving the dispute before it. What matters is
that the award gives sufficient reasons to inform the parties as to the bases
which the tribunal has reached its decision (TMM Division at [104] and [105]).
To this end, it is sufficient that a court cannot infer that the tribunal has
failed to consider an argument or issue where the tribunal has explicitly
indicated in the award that it has considered that issue or argument (CIX v
CIY [2021] SGHC 53 at [25]).

237 In any event, the tribunal expressly considered some of the respondents’
submissions:

(a) In relation to the submission that the claimant’s decision to release the
Modules was a commercial decision and not causally connected to a contract
with the claimant, the tribunal expressly considered this argument. It found
that it would have made “no commercial sense” for the claimant to have
released the Modules without receiving any form of security. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Award at para 130, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 258.

Implicit in this reasoning is the tribunal’s view that the respondents’
characterisation of the claimant’s decision to release the Modules as being
contrary to inherent probabilities and the context of the transaction.

(b) In relation to the submission that the claimant’s conduct is inconsistent
with having concluded a contract in that it failed to take follow-up action to
confirm the contract, the tribunal found that the respondents were unable to
produce any evidence that they “at all times internally considered NDU-3 to be
invalid” [emphasis in original]. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Award at para 129, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at pp 257–258.

Moreover, the tribunal ascribed greater weight to the fact that the
respondents denied the validity of NDU-3 only after the arbitration commenced.
It was thus reasonable for the tribunal not to consider this submission in
greater detail.

(c) In relation to the submission that Aragon, Boromir and Frodo were never
specifically authorised by a directors’ resolution to negotiate and execute a
contract on behalf of the second respondent, the tribunal specifically
considered and rejected the submission. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Award at para 131, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at pp 258–259.

(d) In relation to the submission that the claimant failed to prove its case
that it had suffered loss and damage, the tribunal reasoned that the loss
suffered by the claimant was its right to have the respondents make full
payment for the outstanding invoices before procuring the claimant’s consent
to allow the sale of shares in the third respondent, and that the respondents’
breach of the terms of NDU-3 had caused the claimant to “[lose] the protection
it might have in the value of the [shares] if they had not been disposed of to
[the Sauron Group]”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Award at paras 215–222, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 275–276.

(e) In relation to the submission on unjust enrichment, the respondents’
complaints are in substance complaints about the merits of the tribunal’s
findings on the claimant’s unjust enrichment claim. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Award at paras 191–198, Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 271–272.

(f) In relation to the respondents’ submission that the Modules supplied by
the claimant did not result in the completion of the Project, the tribunal
found in the award that “the Respondents were enriched by the use of the
remaining [Modules] to complete the [Project]” and that “the capital value of
the [Project] was increased by its timely completion …”. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Award at para 191; Boromir’s 1st Affidavit at p 271.

Implicit in the tribunal’s analysis was that, regardless of whether the
Project was completed, it remained the case that the respondents had benefited
from the claimant’s release of the Modules. The rejection of the respondents’
submission on this point thus followed naturally from the tribunal’s finding
on the unjust enrichment point, regardless of whether that finding was
correct.

238 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the respondents have not shown that
the tribunal failed to consider their key submissions. In any event, the
respondents have also not shown a causal nexus between the tribunal’s failure
to consider the key submissions and the outcome of the arbitration.

Conclusion on the breach of natural justice ground for setting aside

239 I find that the respondents have failed to establish even a single
instance in which any respondent was unable to present its case or denied
natural justice.

Conclusion

240 For the foregoing reasons, I find that none of the respondents has
established any grounds for setting aside the award.

241 Accordingly, I have dismissed the respondents’ applications with costs.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy

Judge of the High Court

Koh Swee Yen, SC, Zhuang Wen Xiong and Claire Lim (WongPartnership LLP) for
the Plaintiff in OS 482;

Dawn Tan, Tristan Teo and Joshua Quek (ADT Law LLC) for the Plaintiff in OS
489;

Lok Vi Ming, SC, Joseph Lee, Law May Ning and Natalie Siow (LVM Law Chambers
LLC) for the Plaintiff in OS 492;

Lawrence Teh, Melissa Thng, Kavitha Ganesan and Tan Cheng Xi (Dentons Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the First Defendant in OS 482, OS 489 and OS 492.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 24 Mar 2023 (08:56 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

