Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 281

Suit No 950 of 2020 (Registrar’s Appeal No 27 of 2023)

Between

| JE Synergy Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Niu Ji Wei  
---|---  
(2)| Chen Zhe  
  
… Defendants

And

| Sinohydro Corporation Limited (Singapore Branch)  
---|---  
  
… Third Party

And

| Vico Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Fourth Party

grounds of decision

[Arbitration — Stay of court proceedings — Case management stay]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
JE Synergy Engineering Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Niu Ji Wei and another

  
(

Sinohydro Corp Ltd (Singapore Branch), third party;

  

Vico Construction Pte Ltd, fourth party)

[2023] SGHC 281

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 950 of 2020 (Registrar’s Appeal
No 27 of 2023)  
S Mohan J  
19, 20 April, 28 June 2023

5 October 2023

S Mohan J:

1 HC/RA 27/2023 (“RA 27”) was the plaintiff’s appeal against the orders made
by the learned Assistant Registrar (“AR”) in HC/SUM 3963/2022 (“SUM 3963”). In
SUM 3963, the AR ordered that all further proceedings in HC/S 950/2020 (“S
950”) be stayed under the inherent jurisdiction of the court and pursuant to
its case management powers, pending the final determination of the claims
brought by the plaintiff, in arbitration proceedings, against the third party
in S 950.

2 I heard RA 27 together with another appeal brought by the plaintiff in HC/RA
26/2023 (“RA 26”). In RA 26, the plaintiff appealed against the order of the
AR dismissing its application in HC/SUM 3899/2022 for S 950 to be heard
together with HC/OA 437/2022 ("OA 437”) at the same time or one immediately
after another before the same Judge, with evidence in one matter being
admissible in the other. OA 437 is the plaintiff’s application to, inter alia,
set aside certain adjudication determinations issued against it under the
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004 (2020 Rev Ed).
I dismissed both RA 26 and RA 27 on 28 June 2023, providing brief oral grounds
for my decisions in both appeals. As the plaintiff has appealed to the Court
of Appeal against my decision in RA 27, these are my full grounds of decision
for RA 27.

Background

Suit 950

3 The plaintiff in S 950, and appellant in RA 27, is JE Synergy Engineering
Pte Ltd (“JEE”), a Singapore company that engages in the business of
infrastructure engineering, procurement and construction management. JEE was
the main contractor for building works for a Mechanical Biological Treatment
facility at 97 Tuas South Avenue 2 (the “Building Works”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Tan Kuen Jong in HC/S 950/2020 (HC/SUM 3963/2022) dated 2
November 2022 (“10-TKJ”) at para 10.

4 The 1st defendant and 2nd defendant in S 950 (collectively, the
“Defendants”) are Niu Ji Wei (“Mr Niu”) and Chen Zhe (“Ms Chen”), who were the
Project Director and Senior Project Engineer of JEE respectively at the
material time. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Li Yi in HC/S 950/2020 (HC/SUM 3963/2022) dated 19 October 2022
(“3-LY”) at para 6.

Mr Niu and Ms Chen are also husband and wife.

5 On 2 October 2020, JEE commenced S 950 against the Defendants, claiming that
they had breached their contracts of employment and/or fiduciary duties owed
to JEE. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

10-TKJ at para 11; Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) in HC/S 950/2020
(“SOC-A1”) at para 16.

6 The dispute in S 950 centres around the awarding of a subcontract for a
portion of the Building Works (the “Subcontract Works”) to the third party in
S 950, Sinohydro Corporation Limited (Singapore Branch) (“Sinohydro”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC-A1 at paras 4 and 16; 10-TKJ at para 10.

Sinohydro in turn engaged the fourth party in S 950, Vico Construction Pte Ltd
(“Vico”), to perform part of the Subcontract Works. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

3-LY at para 10.

7 JEE’s case in S 950 is that the Defendants had obtained bribes, kickbacks
and/or secret profits from Sinohydro. In exchange, the Defendants ensured that
Sinohydro would be awarded the Subcontract Works, and further, approved
payment claims submitted by Sinohydro without conducting any or proper
verification of the work done, leading to an over-certification of the value
of the Subcontract Works that were carried out. JEE’s case is that this
bribery scheme was executed through a conduit company Shi Rong Technology
Limited (“Shi Rong”). On 18 September 2018, Shi Rong was engaged to act as a
consultant for the purposes of assisting Sinohydro in bidding for the
Subcontract Works; if Sinohydro was successful in its bid, Shi Rong was to be
paid a service and consultancy fee amounting to S$1,000,000 upon Sinohydro
receiving payment for the Subcontract Works (the fee S$1,000,000 was to be
paid in the form of instalments amounting to 5% of each progress payment
received by Sinohydro from JEE). The Defendants had, through Shi Rong,
transmitted to Sinohydro confidential information regarding the details of the
Building Works project for the purposes of assisting Sinohydro in winning the
tender for the Subcontract Works. On 30 November 2018, JEE awarded the
Subcontract Works to Sinohydro. On or about 11 December 2018, Ms Chen acquired
12,000 shares of Shi Rong. As of 25 October 2019, Ms Chen was declared the
ultimate beneficial owner of Shi Rong. Sinohydro further entered into an
agreement with Shi Rong where Sinohydro allegedly agreed to purchase certain
items (including what appeared to be construction apparatus – eg, “Overhead
Crane Guiderail”) for the price of S$1,950,000, and importantly, the delivery
of which JEE stated it could not confirm. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

10-TKJ at paras 11–12; SOC-A1 at para 16.

The Arbitration between JEE and Sinohydro

8 On 12 July 2022, JEE commenced arbitration proceedings against Sinohydro
(the “Arbitration”), 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

2nd Agreed Bundle of Documents (“2 AB”) at pp 462–471.

in accordance with the arbitration agreement contained in the contract between
JEE and Sinohydro for the Subcontract Works (the “JEE-Sinohydro Subcontract”).
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

3-LY at paras 37–38; 1st Agreed Bundle of Documents (“1 AB”) at p 399.

9 JEE’s case in the Arbitration is that the JEE-Sinohydro Subcontract was
procured by bribery where Sinohydro had agreed to pay bribes and/or kickbacks
to the Defendants (ie, Mr Niu and Ms Chen) in return for the Defendants
ensuring that the Subcontract Works would be awarded to Sinohydro. In exchange
for the said bribes and/or kickbacks and as part of the corrupt scheme, the
Defendants also approved payment claims submitted by Sinohydro without
conducting any or proper verification of the work done. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

3-LY at para 39; 2 AB 732 (para 7).

SUM 3963 & RA 27

10 On 19 October 2022, Sinohydro ( as the third party in S 950) filed an
application for all further proceedings in S 950 to be stayed under the
inherent jurisdiction of the court and pursuant to its case management powers
pending the final determination in the Arbitration.

11 The AR below ruled in Sinohydro’s favour, granting a stay of the
proceedings in S 950. As mentioned at [1] above, RA 27 was JEE’s appeal
against the AR’s decision.

12 Sinohydro’s case in SUM 3963 and RA 27 was identical. In brief, Sinohydro
argued for the proceedings in S 950 to be stayed for the following reasons: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Sinohydro’s Written Submissions for HC/RA 27/2023 at paras 21–72; Sinohydro’s
Written Submissions for HC/SUM 3963/2022 at paras 14–70.

(a) There is a material overlap between the parties to S 950 and the parties
in the Arbitration.

(b) JEE’s allegations in S 950 and the Arbitration are identical.

(c) The issues in S 950 and the Arbitration are common and the proper
ventilation of the issues in S 950 is dependent on the resolution of those
issues in the Arbitration.

(d) There is a material overlap in the remedies sought in S 950 and in the
Arbitration.

(e) There is a real and practical risk of inconsistent findings of fact and
law and/or double recovery.

(f) There would be a duplication of witnesses and evidence.

(g) There is no bar to the claims in S 950 being pursued in the Arbitration.

(h) The parties have agreed to resolve their disputes by arbitration and not
through the court process.

13 JEE’s arguments in SUM 3963 and RA 27 were also largely similar. In brief,
JEE argued against the stay of the proceedings in S 950 for the following main
reasons: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

JEE’s Written Submissions for HC/RA 27/2023 (“PWS”) at paras 80–166; JEE’s
Written Submissions for HC/SUM 3963/2022 at paras 119–195.

(a) There is no relevant overlap of parties in S 950 and the Arbitration as
Sinohydro is a third party to S 950 and third party proceedings are
independent of the main action.

(b) There is no relevant overlap of issues between JEE’s claims in S 950 and
in the Arbitration; further, the issues in S 950 do not depend on a resolution
of those issues in the Arbitration.

(c) There is no real risk of overlapping reliefs leading to double recovery.

(d) Allowing a case management stay of S 950 would cause severe prejudice to
JEE as it would have the effect of stifling JEE’s claims against the
Defendants in S 950 indefinitely when S 950 was at the doorstep of the trial.

(e) The case management stay proposed by Sinohydro was meant to stymie, delay,
and ultimately deny the reliefs sought for by JEE.

(f) JEE was not improperly circumventing the arbitration agreement – this
argument was only raised in RA 27.

(g) The court could, in the exercise of its case management powers, sever the
third party proceedings in S 950 instead of staying the whole action – this
argument was also only raised in RA 27.

General principles on case management stay

14 For the court to grant a case management stay of the court proceedings in
favour of arbitration, the fundamental prerequisite is the existence or at
least the imminence of arbitration proceedings giving rise to a real risk of
overlapping issues between the actual (or putative) arbitration and the court
proceedings: Rex International Holding Ltd and another v Gulf Hibiscus Ltd
[2019] 2 SLR 682 (“Rex”) at [11].

15 The court, in deciding whether to exercise its discretion to stay the court
proceedings, seeks in every case to strike a balance between three higher-
order concerns: first, a plaintiff’s right to choose whom he wants to sue and
where; second, the court’s desire to prevent a plaintiff from circumventing
the operation of an arbitration clause; and third, the court’s inherent power
to manage its processes to prevent an abuse of process and ensure the
efficient and fair resolution of disputes. The balance that is struck must
ultimately serve the ends of justice: Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and another v
Silica Investors Ltd and other appeals [2016] 1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”) at
[188].

16 Based on the case authorities, the court may consider a variety of non-
exhaustive factors to determine where the balance lies (Tomolugen at [140],
[179]–[180]; Danone Asia Pacific Holdings Pte Ltd v Fonterra Co-Operative
Group Ltd [2014] NZHC 1681 (“Danone”) at [56]; Rex at [11]). In addition to
these cases, I also found the factors considered by the Court of Appeal in CSY
v CSZ [2022] 2 SLR 622 (“CSY”) at [25] to be instructive and relevant to this
exercise. This was notwithstanding that CSY related, not to a case management
stay, but to a stay application made under s 6 of the Arbitration Act 2001
(2020 Rev Ed). Nonetheless, the factors that were referred to in CSY are, in
my view, also relevant and may be considered in the context of a “case
management quandary” faced by the court when it is asked to exercise its
powers of a case management stay. These factors may, compendiously, be
summarised as follows:

(a) the degree of overlap in the parties to the arbitration (or putative
arbitration) and the parties to the court proceedings;

(b) the degree of overlap in the issues, both factual and legal, that will be
engaged in the arbitration (or putative arbitration) and those that will be
engaged in the court proceedings;

(c) the degree of overlap in the remedies that the arbitral tribunal (or
putative tribunal) may grant, as compared to those which the court may grant;

(d) the degree to which proper ventilation of the issues in the court
proceedings depends on the resolution of the related arbitration (or putative
arbitration);

(e) the scope of the parties’ agreement to arbitrate and whether continuation
of the court proceedings would result in a circumvention of the arbitration
agreement;

(f) the likelihood of issue estoppel arising in either the court proceedings
or the arbitration (actual or putative);

(g) the risk of inconsistent findings between the two sets of proceedings;

(h) the likelihood of duplication of witnesses and evidence between the
arbitration (actual or putative) and the court proceedings;

(i) the likelihood of injustice in having the same witnesses deal with the
same factual issues before two different fora;

(j) the risk of delay of resolution of the court proceedings;

(k) the relative prejudice to the parties;

(l) the possibility of an abuse of process; and

(m) the incurring of costs.

17 Some of these factors are clearly interrelated and do not stand alone, in
that the existence of one may support or almost guarantee the existence of
another (for instance, a greater overlap in the issues almost inexorably
increases the risk of inconsistent findings between the two sets of
proceedings). To be clear, this non-exhaustive list of factors above is not to
be treated as a mechanical checklist or “tick box” exercise; rather, the court
should adopt a commonsense approach and assess them in the round.

18 As the court is exercising a broad discretionary power when deciding
whether or not to grant a case management stay, the relevant factors and the
appropriate order to be made must necessarily depend on the particular facts
and circumstances of each case, bearing in mind that the court’s ultimate goal
is that of ensuring the efficient and fair resolution of the dispute as a
whole: Tomolugen at [186].

The appropriate order to be made in this case

19 Having considered the relevant factors at play in this case, I dismissed
the plaintiff’s appeal against the orders made below for the proceedings in S
950 to be stayed pending the final determination of the dispute in the
Arbitration.

20 I will address in turn each of the relevant factors that I considered in
arriving at my conclusion to uphold the grant of a stay of the proceedings in
S 950. I begin by examining whether the fundamental prerequisite of
overlapping issues between S 950 and the Arbitration was met (see [14] above).

Overlap of issues

21 I was satisfied that there is a significant overlap in the issues in both
proceedings.

22 JEE’s claim against the Defendants in S 950 for breaches of their contracts
of employment and/or fiduciary duties is premised on the allegation that the
Defendants had obtained bribes, kickbacks and/or secret profits from Sinohydro
in exchange for JEE awarding the Subcontract Works to Sinohydro (see [5]–[7]
above). JEE’s claim against Sinohydro in the Arbitration is for a rescission
of the JEE-Sinohydro Subcontract (or, alternatively, damages in lieu of
rescission) on the basis that the JEE-Sinohydro Subcontract was procured by
bribery (see [9] above). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2 AB 732–737 (paras 7–8, 22).

23 Evidently, JEE’s claims in S 950 and the Arbitration turn, in substance, on
the identical factual issue, namely whether Sinohydro had paid bribes and/or
kickbacks to the Defendants in exchange for being awarded the Subcontract
Works. This remains the case notwithstanding that the claims may be brought
under different causes of action against different parties, viz, against the
alleged briber in the Arbitration and against the Defendants in S 950 as the
alleged bribees. It is indisputable that the factual contention against both
briber and bribees is identical for all intents and purposes.

24 Further, the issue of whether there was any corrupt over-certification of
the value of the Subcontract Works (as a result of the Defendants allegedly
approving payment claims made by Sinohydro without conducting any or proper
verification of the work done) is also common to, and indeed identical in,
both proceedings (see [7] and [9] above).

25 Having established that there is indeed an overlap in at least the factual
issues in both sets of proceedings, I turn to consider the other relevant
factors in this case.

Overlap of parties

26 In my view, there is some overlap in the parties to both proceedings. JEE,
which is the plaintiff in S 950, is also the claimant in the Arbitration with
Sinohydro. Admittedly, the defendants in both sets of proceedings are
different – the Defendants in S 950 are not parties to the Arbitration; and
Sinohydro (the respondent in the Arbitration) is only the third party in S 950
and not a direct defendant vis-à-vis the plaintiff. Nevertheless, I was
satisfied that there is a sufficient overlap in the parties, such as to point
in favour of granting a stay of the court proceedings. Let me elaborate.

27 First, all that is required is for there to be some overlap in the parties,
as opposed to a complete overlap: Rex at [11]. This was not seriously
disputed.

28 Second, contrary to the submission of counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Colin
Liew, Sinohydro can be considered a party to the main action in S 950, at
least for the purposes of an application for a case management stay. Mr Liew
argued that third party proceedings are, juridically, separate and independent
proceedings from the main action between the plaintiff and the defendants, and
accordingly there is no relevant overlap of parties being sued in the main
action in S 950 and the Arbitration as Sinohydro is not a party to the main
action in S 950. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PWS at paras 50–52, 64.

I disagreed with this submission.

29 As noted by the Court of Appeal in Ng Kit Har v Yii Chee Ming [2008] 2
SLR(R) 587 (“Ng Kit Har”) at [19], [22]–[23], once a third party notice is
served, the third party becomes a party to the main action:

19 A plain reading of O 16 r 1(3) [of the Rules of Court 2014] suggests that
once the third-party notice is served, the third party becomes a party to the
main action …

22 The objectives of O 16 of the Rules have been adverted to earlier (at [1]
above). Singapore Court Practice 2006 ([13] supra), at para 16/1/1, states as
follows:

The objective of the procedure is to enable the parties to raise all issues in
relation to the subject-matter of the dispute for the adjudication of the
court in one set of proceedings (whether the third party appears in the main
action or his dispute with the defendant is determined immediately after the
main action), thereby avoiding delay resulting from separate suits, and saving
costs which would otherwise be occasioned by a multiplicity of actions.

23 The constitution of a third-party action before the conclusion of the main
action squares precisely with this aim: it brings the third party in as a
party to the main action, thereby allowing the court to adjudicate in one
action on all the issues in a way which it deems fit. This would help to save
the time and the costs which would otherwise be occasioned by a multiplicity
of actions.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

30 The effect of this in S 950 is that Sinohydro is allowed to fully
participate in the main action, and the court may adjudicate on all the issues
in dispute between not only the plaintiff and the Defendants, but also as
between the “main parties and the third party” (ie, Sinohydro): Ng Kit Har at
[24].

31 Thus, in my view, there is, at least in the context of a case management
stay application, a clear overlap in the parties being sued in both
proceedings, to the extent that JEE and Sinohydro are in substance parties in
both S 950 and in the Arbitration, even if not direct adversaries in both sets
of proceedings.

32 Extrapolating from this, the flipside (and corollary) is that the third
party can therefore, in principle, bring an application to stay not only the
third party proceedings but the whole action including the “main claim”. In
that regard, the plaintiff’s contention that the main action and third party
proceedings are to be treated as separate (see [13(a)] above) was not,
strictly speaking, completely accurate for the purposes of considering the
case management stay application brought by Sinohydro.

33 That third party proceedings may be considered separate proceedings to the
main action in other contexts (for instance, a third party cannot obtain
security for costs from the plaintiff, or advance a counterclaim against the
plaintiff, or obtain judgment directly against the plaintiff) 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PWS at para 53.

misses the point. I reiterate that, based on the observations of the Court of
Appeal in Ng Kit Har and in the context of a case management stay application,
I saw no reason why a third party cannot in principle be taken into account by
the court in an appropriate case when determining if there is an overlap in
the parties in the court and arbitral proceedings (actual or putative).

34 Third, I did not think that the analysis should be restricted to a
formulaic examination of the parties in the strict sense of plaintiff/claimant
and defendant/respondent. In considering whether there is an overlap in the
parties, the court may have regard more generally to the persons who will be
involved in resolving the disputes, including the fact that a person who is
party to only one proceeding may likely be called as a witness to give
evidence in the other. This was the case in CJY v CJZ and others [2021] 5 SLR
569 (“CJY”), which involved parallel proceedings in court and in arbitration,
and where some of the defendants in the suit were not named as respondents in
the arbitration. Nonetheless, the court found that there was an overlap in the
parties as the defendants were involved in the underlying matters forming the
subject matter of the arbitration, and “one would also expect them to be
involved in resolving the disputes over these matters” (at [22]).

35 Applying the analysis in CJY to the present case, the Defendants in S 950
are, as far as the pleaded claims of JEE are concerned, centrally involved in
the matters forming the core of the dispute in the Arbitration between JEE and
Sinohydro, particularly so with respect to the allegations of bribery and
kickbacks. The S 950 Defendants can therefore be expected to be involved in
the resolution of those disputes in the Arbitration, at the very least as key
witnesses. Therefore, I was of the view that there is a substantial enough
overlap in the parties in both proceedings.

36 Before I leave this point, the plaintiff also argued that taken to its
logical conclusion, if it was right to order a case management stay in this
case, it would mean that fourth or fifth parties or even non-parties could
obtain a case management stay even though a plaintiff is not pursuing any
claim against them in the court proceedings. JEE contended that this would be
an absurd result. In my view, this submission was somewhat sweeping and
exaggerated.

37 Given that a court’s case management powers are broad, discretionary, and
exercised by it in the context of a fact-specific inquiry, the conclusions I
arrived at in this appeal were specific to the facts of this case. The
suggestion that it would result in a slew of applications by fourth, fifth or
even non-parties was, in my view, an overstatement. If indeed the court is
faced with such applications in the future, they will be dealt with in
accordance with the established legal principles applicable to a case
management stay together with a close examination of the factual contours in
those applications (see [14]–[18] above).

Overlap of remedies

38 In my judgment, there is also an overlap in the remedies sought in both
proceedings. In both S 950 and the Arbitration, JEE seeks to claim (a) the
amount of the alleged bribes received by the Defendants in S 950 and allegedly
paid by Sinohydro; 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC-A1 at para 20; 2 AB 736 (para 22).

and (b) the amounts by which the payment claims for the Subcontract Works were
allegedly over-certified.

39 The latter amounts are claimed against the Defendants in S 950 by way of an
indemnity; 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC-A1 at para 20.

and against Sinohydro in the Arbitration by way of an order seeking a return
of all sums paid by JEE to Sinohydro following the rescission of the JEE-
Sinohydro Subcontract (which would encompass the allegedly over-certified
payments), or in the alternative, damages in lieu of rescission accounting for
the alleged over-certification of any payment claims. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2 AB 736–737 (para 22).

Therefore, there is an overlap of remedies, as correctly noted by the AR.

Circumvention of the arbitration agreement

40 At least one factor in the plaintiff’s favour is that JEE’s commencement of
S 950 cannot be said to be in direct contravention of any arbitration
agreement.

41 As summarised above at [5]–[7], S 950 is essentially a claim by an employer
against two of its former employees (ie, the Defendants) centred around their
receiving bribes and/or kickbacks from Sinohydro. It is not in dispute that
there is no arbitration agreement between JEE and the Defendants.

42 While there is an arbitration agreement between JEE and Sinohydro in the
JEE-Sinohydro Subcontract, Sinohydro’s involvement in S 950 was not the result
of a claim made by JEE in breach of that arbitration agreement. Rather, it was
the Defendants who brought Sinohydro into S 950 through the issuance of a
third party notice; this was also not done in breach of any arbitration
agreement since it was undisputed that none exists as between the Defendants
and Sinohydro.

43 JEE’s cause of action against the Defendants for breaches of their
employment contracts and/or fiduciary duties is also, strictly speaking,
legally distinct from its claim against Sinohydro in the Arbitration under the
JEE-Sinohydro Subcontract for rescission and/or damages in lieu of rescission,
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2 AB 732–737 (paras 7–8, 22).

although they both share the underlying factual substratum pertaining to the
alleged bribery.

44 However, this does not mean that the facts did not engage the higher-order
concern of circumvention of an arbitration agreement (see [15] above). Let me
elaborate.

Element of dependency

45 The question of dependency (ie, the degree to which proper ventilation of
the issues in S 950 depended on the resolution of issues in the Arbitration
first) (see [16(d)] above) was one of the main points of contention in RA 27,
and counsel devoted considerable attention to it at the hearing before me.

46 Where there is an overlap in issues, the court must consider whether the
determination of the issues to be decided in the court proceedings depends
(whether wholly or in part) on the resolution of those issues (also, whether
wholly or in part) in the arbitration: Rex at [11]–[12]; CJY at [44]. In other
words, after identifying the issues to be decided in each fora and determining
that there is an overlap, the court must go further to assess whether any of
the issues in the court proceedings requires an issue to first be decided in
the arbitration. If so, that would be a strong factor in favour of a case
management stay to achieve the efficient and fair resolution of the dispute as
a whole: Rex at [11]. This would also ensure that there is no indirect
circumvention of the arbitration agreement.

The case law

47 Numerous cases were raised in parties’ submissions which illustrate
situations of dependency. For example, in the locus classicus, Tomolugen, the
Management Participation Allegation (the “MPA”) in the case was one of several
issues pleaded by the plaintiff in the court proceedings. However, that issue
in turn rested on the interpretation of a shareholder agreement which was
subject to arbitration (at [136]–[137]). The Court of Appeal explained that
the plaintiff was bound to arbitrate at least one of the issues in the court
proceedings (the MPA issue), and thus the element of dependency existed (at
[187]). That also explains the Court of Appeal’s observations on circumventing
the arbitration agreement; if the court refused to stay the proceedings and
heard all the claims (including the MPA issue), it would allow Silica
Investors to circumvent the arbitration agreement and litigate in court the
interpretation of the shareholder agreement (by virtue of making arguments on
the MPA issue) (at [142]).

48 Similarly, in the New Zealand case of Danone, a weighty consideration in
favour of granting the stay was that the dispute essentially centred around a
supply agreement between Danone AP and Fonterra, which contained an
arbitration clause. The claims brought in court were in substance derivative
of the contract claim based on the supply agreement: Danone at [84] and [96].

49 In the Canadian case of Dawson (City) v TSL Contractors Ltd et al [2003]
YKCA 3, which strictly speaking involved an application for a stay of
proceedings to give effect to an arbitration agreement, the court also found
that the case before it was “primarily a contract case” that was subject to an
arbitration clause and thus granted the stay (at [14]).

50 That, in essence, also explains the outcome in CJY, where the High Court
upheld the order made below for a case management stay. The focus of the
dispute was the plaintiff’s claims (as main contractor) against the employer
under the contract between them, those claims being subject to arbitration,
with the tortious claims brought in court by the plaintiff being derivative of
those contractual claims against the employer (at [26]–[29]). In my view, that
is how the case is to be properly understood. Indeed, this issue of dependency
was also clear in CJY as the question of whether the call by the employer on
the performance bond was bad and whether there were defects could only be
resolved in the arbitration between the plaintiff and the employer. The
resolution of the overlapping issues in the court proceedings thus depended on
the resolution of at least those issues first in the arbitration between the
plaintiff and the employer.

51 The case of Parastate Labs Inc v Wang Li and others (“Parastate”) [2023]
SGHC 48 can also be explained in that way; in Parastate, the main claim was a
contractual one against Babel Asia and that claim was subject to an
arbitration agreement. Andre Maniam J found that the contractual claim was
“foundational” to all the tortious claims advanced against the other
defendants in the suit. The suit was accordingly stayed on case management
grounds (at [26]–[28]).

Application to the facts

52 Turning to the present case, there is in my view a clear element of
dependency, at least with respect to the plaintiff’s over-certification claims
in S 950. Those claims have their factual and evidential centre of gravity in
the JEE-Sinohydro Subcontract. The quantum of Sinohydro’s payment claims
certified by JEE as opposed to the value of the work done is central to this
claim, not just on issues of quantum but on liability as well. That is an
issue that is squarely engaged by the terms of the JEE-Sinohydro Subcontract
which govern the contractual arrangement between JEE and Sinohydro in relation
to the Subcontract Works, and disputes arising out of the said contract are to
be resolved by arbitration pursuant to the arbitration agreement. The
resolution of the issue will involve factual and expert evidence to, inter
alia, value the work done and then assess whether the difference, if any, may
be attributable to the alleged bribery/kickbacks scheme involving the
Defendants and Sinohydro.

53 Therefore, even if the bribery allegation (in relation to the awarding of
the JEE-Sinohydro Subcontract) may not depend on the Arbitration for its
resolution, I found that there is an element of dependency at least on the
over-certification issue. This element of dependency was sufficient to attract
consideration of the court’s case management stay powers, since the case
before me was not one of mere overlapping allegations due to a series of
common events. Similar to Tomolugen, even if only some (and not all) issues in
S 950 are dependent on the Arbitration being resolved first, that would weigh
in favour of a case management stay being granted.

Risk of inconsistent findings

54 The conclusion that there are overlapping issues in both proceedings in
turn raised the question of whether there would be a risk of inconsistent
findings on the same or similar factual or legal issues, and the concomitant
disrepute that may bring to the administration of justice – bearing in mind
that the overarching objective of the court is to seek to achieve a balance
that (while not perfect) best serves the ends of justice.

55 As to what constitutes a risk of inconsistent findings, while Danone (at
[89]) and Maybank Kim Eng Securities Pte Ltd v Lim Keng Yong and another
[2016] 3 SLR 431 (at [37(c)(iii)]) refer to a “practical risk”, the Court of
Appeal has referred to a “real prospect of inconsistent findings” (CSY at
[31]). Notwithstanding the apparent difference in terminology, in essence, the
court would need to consider what the risk of inconsistent findings would be
where a case management stay is refused, and conversely where it is granted
(especially in situations like the present case, which strayed from the
straightforward, where the defendants in the court proceedings are not party
to the parallel arbitration proceedings). In carrying out this exercise, the
court should adopt a commonsense approach.

56 In the present case, if a case management stay were to be refused, there
would undoubtedly be parallel proceedings in arbitration and in court. This
would, by definition, carry the risk (real or practical) of the arbitral
tribunal and the court coming to different conclusions on material issues of
fact for both the bribery and over-certification allegations. This risk may
possibly be mitigated insofar as any findings made by the court would bind JEE
and Sinohydro in the Arbitration, as well as the Defendants if they
participate in the Arbitration. However, that would only be the case if the
court proceedings were concluded, and judgment was issued in S 950 before the
Arbitration was properly in motion and proceeded to an award. Such an
assumption could not readily be made, especially since S 950 was still only at
the stage of general discovery and not at the doorstep of trial as asserted by
the plaintiff.

57 The court must then consider the risk in the converse situation where the
court proceedings are stayed pending the Arbitration. On this question, a
relevant factor for consideration is whether the finding of the tribunal would
have any binding effect in S 950. In CSY, the Court of Appeal made clear that
an arbitral tribunal’s findings are not binding on the court (at [33]). But
even if the court itself is not bound, the question arises as to whether the
findings of the arbitral tribunal may nevertheless apply to bind the parties
by way of issue estoppel or the extended doctrine of abuse of process espoused
in Henderson v Henderson (1843) 3 Hare 100. The difficulty here was whether
the Defendants could be bound since they are not parties to the Arbitration.
There was therefore some risk that if the bribery allegations and over-
certification allegations were decided one way in the Arbitration, the
Defendants (and to a lesser extent, perhaps Sinohydro also) could seek to
relitigate those issues in S 950 on the basis that the Defendants were not
parties to the Arbitration, and seek to persuade the court to come to a
different conclusion on materially the same evidence. That would draw into
sharp focus the concern expressed in CSY of bringing the administration of
justice into disrepute because of the real risk of inconsistent findings being
arrived at by the court and the tribunal (see CSY at [34]).

58 However, as noted in Tomolugen at [142], in such a scenario, issue estoppel
would likely stand in the way of Sinohydro. As for the Defendants, they too
could be held to be seeking to relitigate the issues in the wider sense as
discussed by the Court of Appeal in Tomolugen, even though strictly speaking
the Defendants are not parties to the Arbitration.

59 From the discussion above, it can be seen that either course of action
would carry some risk of inconsistent findings, albeit that the risk might be
slightly lower if the case management stay were refused and S 950 allowed to
proceed.

The appropriate forum for “ground-clearing”

60 Given the overlap of issues, the existence of the element of dependency and
the risk of inconsistent findings, these factors gave rise to the question of
where the “ground-clearing” (to borrow the phrase used by Walker J in
Swallowfalls Ltd v Monaco Yachting & Technologies S.A.M. and another [2013]
EWHC 236 (Comm) at [139]) should take place.

61 While both sides agreed in principle that it made sense for the ground-
clearing to take place in one forum, they were diametrically opposed as to
which forum that should be. The factors were delicately balanced in this case,
but weighing the overall circumstances, I was ultimately of the view that it
should take place in the Arbitration where the Defendants are, at the very
least, likely to be material witnesses (see above at [34]–[35]), or in a
multi-party arbitration where the parties (ie, JEE, the Defendants and
Sinohydro) agree to a tripartite arbitration. There are a number of reasons
for why I arrived at this view.

62 First, while all the relevant parties (ie, JEE, the Defendants and
Sinohydro) are currently before the court, these parties had also indicated
either their consent to arbitration as a forum for the resolution of the
dispute or willingness to participate in the Arbitration – JEE and Sinohydro
via the arbitration agreement in the JEE-Sinohydro Subcontract and the
Defendants via the confirmation given by their counsel to the AR below. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Notes of Evidence (“NEs”) in HC/SUM 3899/2022 dated 12 January 2023 at p 2 ln
27–29; p 3 ln 21–25.

63 Second, there is a possibility that issue estoppel may nevertheless arise
against the Defendants even if they are not party to the Arbitration (see [58]
above), regardless of what the Defendants say they are willing to be bound by.
On this point, I noted that the Defendants had stated to the AR below that
they were prepared to be bound by the findings in the Arbitration only if they
are a party to the Arbitration. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Notes of Evidence (“NEs”) in HC/SUM 3899/2022 dated 12 January 2023 at p 20 ln
21–25.

This in turn depended on whether the parties can agree to a multi-party
arbitration; as things stood, there was no such agreement when RA 27 was heard
by me. The proposals were stated to be in principle, on best endeavours basis
and subject to the court’s determination in SUM 3963. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

2 AB 938–940.

Nonetheless, I did not see this as a reason to overturn the AR’s decision
below.

64 Third, as discussed above (see [56]–[59]), there might be a slightly lower
risk of inconsistent findings if the ground-clearing took place in S 950.
However, in my view, that was also not a sufficient reason to refuse a stay.
As a case management stay is only suspensory, the court can lift the stay if
it deems it appropriate to do so. In this case, I was minded to and did make
further orders that the parties are to discuss and agree within a timeframe to
an arbitration agreement that also binds the Defendants as parties, and to
update the court on the progress of the arbitration. If parties drag their
feet, the court may lift the stay as Aedit Abdullah JC (as he then was) held
in Gulf Hibiscus Ltd v Rex International Holding Ltd and another [2017] SGHC
210 at [53].

65 Fourth, and relatedly, there was nothing to stop JEE, the Defendants and
Sinohydro from agreeing to a tripartite arbitration and the court would urge
the parties to behave sensibly. That would put an end to the multiplicity of
proceedings. If RA 27 were allowed and the case management stay refused, the
result would be arbitration and court proceedings running in tandem; this
would lead to duplication of time, costs, witnesses and evidence, and possibly
enhance the risk of inconsistent findings. In my judgment, such a scenario
would not best serve the ends of justice and would not “ameliorate the
complications that are bound to arise by reason of the overlapping
proceedings” (Tomolugen at [2]). In a broader sense, the court in that event
may also be permitting some level of indirect circumvention of the arbitration
agreement by allowing factual disputes that are clearly within the ambit of
the arbitration agreement in the JEE-Sinohydro Subcontract to be pursued on
two fronts, and thereby also potentially encouraging a rush to judgment ahead
of the arbitration.

66 Fifth, a case management stay would prevent fighting on several fronts, and
thereby allow the ground-clearing to take place in the Arbitration or the
putative multi-party arbitration. Whilst the Defendants were ambivalent and
took the position that they were equally happy to have the issues decided in S
950 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

2 AB 816–817.

and the fourth party (Vico) took no position as far as the main suit and the
third party proceedings are concerned, since the Defendants were also amenable
to entering into a multi-party arbitration agreement, that is an avenue that
parties should be exploring to bring to fruition. The objection JEE raised
that the allegations against the Defendants as its ex-employees are serious
and involve public interest/possible criminal conduct, and thus should be
litigated in court, was not convincing; even if JEE’s allegations were
eventually made out and there was to be any action taken by the prosecuting
authorities, those actions would in time be made public and transparent.

67 Sixth, given the stage at which S 950 was at the point of the hearing of RA
27, compared to the Arbitration between JEE and Sinohydro, I could not
conclude that any delay in the Arbitration would be such as to irreparably
prejudice JEE. As noted in Danone, ultimately the reliefs sought by JEE are
primarily financial reparation. The prejudice, if any, to JEE of being kept
out of its money for longer as a result of any delay, may be ameliorated by an
award of interest.

68 Seventh, I disagreed with the plaintiff that in exercising my case
management powers, it would be open to me, on my own motion, to sever or set
aside the third party notice (see [13(g)] above). The court’s inherent powers
extend only to staying the proceedings and making consequential orders to
support the case management stay; it does not, in my judgment, extend to
making such draconian orders such as setting aside the third party proceedings
whilst refusing a case management stay.

69 As explained in Ng Kit Har, once the third party notice is issued and
served, the third party becomes a party to the main action and may be
permitted to participate in the main action (see Ng Kit Har at [19] and
[22]–[24]). Absent an application to set aside the third party notice, it is
not for the court to do so in the exercise of its case management powers,
assuming it even has the power to do so in the first place. A fortiori when it
is being asked to set aside a third party notice as an ancillary order to the
refusal of a case management stay. Such an outcome is unprecedented and no
authority was cited by Mr Liew where a court had made such or similar orders.
The plaintiff also did not explain what would happen to the fourth party
proceedings if the court were to take up the plaintiff’s suggestion and
“excise” the third party proceedings. In any event, given my decision to
dismiss RA 27, this issue did not, strictly speaking, arise for my
consideration and I did not need to say more on it.

Abuse of process

70 Finally, the plaintiff also argued that the case management stay
application was a tactical abuse of process on the part of Sinohydro. JEE’s
case in this regard was that (a) Sinohydro had participated in S 950 for over
a year, without challenging its addition as a third party, thereby
opportunistically obtaining disclosure of JEE’s documents in discovery in
relation to the dispute on over-certification; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PWS at para 154.

(b) by virtue of being a third party to S 950, Sinohydro commenced fourth
party proceedings against Vico for an indemnity or contribution in respect of
any sums Sinohydro might be found liable to pay in S 950, despite already
having counterclaimed for the same relief in arbitration proceedings between
Sinohydro and Vico – this was so that Sinohydro could contrive what it alleged
to be overlaps between S 950 and the aforementioned arbitration proceedings,
so as to seek a stay of S 950; 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PWS at paras 155–158.

(c) despite its claim of being forced to fight on multiple fronts as a result
of S 950 and the Arbitration, Sinohydro made no attempt to set aside the third
party order or stay the third party proceedings, and instead applied to stay
the main action; 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS at paras 159–162.

and (d) Sinohydro rejected JEE’s case management proposals, which were
intended to allow JEE and Sinohydro to resolve all of their disputes in S 950.
26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PWS at paras 163–166.

71 On the evidence before me, and given the procedural history of this case,
it was not clear to me that the conduct of Sinohydro could be characterised as
a tactical abuse of process. I recall the key points of the procedural
history. On 6 September 2021, the third party notice was issued, in which the
Defendants claimed against Sinohydro for, amongst others, any amount that may
be found due from the Defendants to JEE relating to the over-certification
claims. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Third Party Notice in HC/S 950/2020 dated 6 September 2021.

On 3 November 2021, the Defendants served its Statement of Claim on Sinohydro,
praying for reliefs only in relation to the alleged over-certification of the
payment claims; there was no relief sought regarding the bribery claims per
se. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Statement of Claim by the Defendants against the Third Party dated 3 November
2021 at para 12.

On 12 July 2022, JEE commenced the Arbitration against Sinohydro, making
claims against Sinohydro of both bribery and over-certification (see [8]–[9]
above). On 13 July 2022, JEE amended its Statement of Claim to include
“Payment Claim No. 16”, which was a cumulative sum and included part of the
over-certification claims. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

SOC-A1 at para 16(xii).

I agreed with counsel for the defendant, Mr Koh Kia Jeng, that the latter two
developments changed the complex of the claims faced by Sinohydro in S 950,
such that the allegation of bribery against Sinohydro came to the fore. Prior
to July 2022, the nature of the third party proceedings was that Sinohydro
misrepresented its claims in Payment Claims No. 1 – 15, and the allegation of
bribery as against Sinohydro had not yet been surfaced although it operated in
the factual matrix of the main claim by JEE against the Defendants. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Minute sheet dated 19 April 2023 at pp 12–13.

Given that Sinohydro was only aware of the full extent of the claim against it
in S 950 in July 2022, and the Arbitration was only commenced against
Sinohydro in July 2022, its purported “delay” in applying for a case
management stay was not really a delay and in any case could not, in my view,
be deemed an abuse of process. It was not unreasonable, in my judgment, for
Sinohydro to have applied for a stay of the main action in S 950 in October
2022. Neither could it be said that Sinohydro’s conduct in S 950 prior to July
2022 amounted to a tactical abuse of process.

72 As for Sinohydro commencing fourth party proceedings against Vico for an
indemnity or contribution in respect of any sums Sinohydro might be found
liable to pay in S 950, I was not convinced that this amounted to an abuse of
process. Sinohydro was, not on its own accord, included as a third party in S
950; it was not unreasonable for Sinohydro to seek to pass liability down to
Vico in the fourth party proceedings, notwithstanding that there was a
counterclaim seeking the same relief in the arbitration proceedings between
Sinohydro and Vico. In a sense, Sinohydro’s claims against Vico were reactive
and responsive to the claims instituted against Sinohydro, by way of third
party proceedings in S 950 and Vico’s claim in arbitration against Sinohydro
respectively.

73 Finally, the fact that Sinohydro chose not to set aside or stay the third
party proceedings and the fact that Sinohydro rejected JEE’s case management
proposals did not suggest to me that there was an abuse of process. How
Sinohydro chose to deal with the two proceedings against it was well within
Sinohydro’s prerogative. Choosing to apply for a stay of the main action, as
opposed to other alternatives, could not seriously be faulted since a stay, if
granted, would effectively shift the entire fight between the parties to
arbitration. There was no suggestion by the Defendants in S 950 that they
would be pushing ahead with the third party proceedings even if a case
management stay of the main claim was ordered. As I mentioned above at [62]
and [63], the indications from the Defendants were that they are prepared to
have the JEE claims resolved in arbitration.

Conclusion

74 In summary, this was not a straightforward case to manage given its
numerous moving parts. However, weighing all of the factors discussed above
and placing them in the balance, in my judgment, the best option to resolve
the case management quandary in this case was to affirm the AR’s order below
granting a case management stay, in order to allow the “ground-clearing” to
take place in the Arbitration or a multi-party arbitration involving JEE, the
Defendants and Sinohydro.

75 The arbitration forum can conveniently bind all the relevant parties – JEE,
the Defendants, and Sinohydro – especially since the allegations of over-
certification of payment claims fell squarely to be decided in arbitration
proceedings (see [52]–[53] above). That issue alone would clear a significant
amount of the ground for S 950 (if there are still issues to be decided
thereunder), and would either assist in the resolution of any remaining
disputes in S 950 or whittle down the scope of the remaining disputes for
resolution in the suit. This outcome, while not perfect, would in my judgment
best serve the ends of justice as it prevents multiplicity of proceedings
running in tandem, reduces costs, duplication of time and evidence, and the
risk of inconsistent findings, and avoids any (even if indirect) circumvention
of the existing arbitration agreement between JEE and Sinohydro.

76 Ultimately, I was of the view that affirming the AR’s grant of a case
management stay would best promote an efficient, fair and orderly resolution
of the overall dispute between the parties, the raison d’etre for the court’s
exercise of its case management powers (Tomolugen at [186]).

77 For the reasons above, and taking into account particularly the existence
of dependency at least as far as the over-certification claims against the
Defendants are concerned, I urged JEE to reconsider its rejection of
Sinohydro’s proposal for a multi-party arbitration. In the circumstances of
this case, it was potentially a practical means by which to avoid multiplicity
of proceedings and the attendant risks, and yet preserve the sanctity of the
arbitration agreement as between JEE and Sinohydro.

78 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed RA 27 and made the following
ancillary orders:

(a) The plaintiff, Defendants, and third party were to exercise their best
endeavours to agree to a tripartite arbitration agreement with the same
tribunal to be appointed to hear all the claims between the plaintiff,
Defendants, and the third party.

(b) The parties were to update the court, by way of a letter from the
plaintiff’s solicitors, within 8 weeks from the date of my decision, on the
progress of the parties’ negotiations regarding the matters in para (a) above.

(c) There be liberty to apply.

79 Finally, after hearing the parties, I fixed the costs of RA 27 in the sum
of S$18,000 (including disbursements) to be paid by JEE to Sinohydro.

S Mohan J  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Liew Wey-Ren Colin (Colin Liew LLC) (instructed), Cephas Yee Xiang (Yi Xiang)
and Matthew Tan Jun Ye (Aquinas Law Alliance LLP) for the plaintiff;

Koh Kia Jeng, See Kwang Guan (Xu Guangyan) and Ng Guo Xi (Wu Guoxi) (Dentons
Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the third party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 05 Oct 2023 (11:24 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

