Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 206

Originating Application No 652 of 2023

Between

ILC Co, Ltd

… Applicant

And

(1)| Saitama Hiroshi  
---|---  
(2)| Hora Yohei  
(3)| Asia Capital Management Pte Ltd  
(4)| Oshima Yumiko  
  
… Respondents

judgment

[Civil Procedure — Mareva injunctions — Leave to commence committal
proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
ILC Co, Ltd

  
v

  

Saitama Hiroshi and others

[2023] SGHC 206

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 652 of 2023  
Choo Han Teck J  
25 July 2023

1 August 2023 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant has a pending civil claim against the 1st and 2nd respondents
for US$6,718,925.11 and the 3rd and 4th respondents for US$194,031.23. On 27
February 2023, the applicant obtained a Mareva injunction to enjoin them from
dissipating their assets up to the value of the claim. As in most Mareva
orders, the respondents were also ordered to file affidavits disclosing their
assets. This is an ancillary order to the injunction. It is necessary because
respondents sometimes do not have ostensible assets sufficient to cover the
plaintiff’s claim.

2 In this case, the orders were served on the 3rd and 4th respondents, but not
on the 1st and 2nd respondents. The 3rd and 4th respondents in compliance with
the main injunction, set aside the sum claim in a separate bank account and
agreed to have that account frozen pending the conclusion of the suit. But
they did not file the affidavit disclosing their assets. It was for this
breach that the applicants sought leave to commence committal proceedings
against those respondents.

3 Counsel for the applicant argues that as a general rule, a respondent is
required to make disclosure of all its assets even though the assets
restrained are limited to those of a certain value (Sea Trucks Offshore Ltd
and others v Roomans. Jacobus Johannes and others [2019] 3 SLR 836 (“Sea
Trucks”) at [52]). This is a general, not an immutable, principle. The case of
Sea Trucks counsel raises is clearly different from the present situation. In
Sea Trucks, the court reasoned that “the only way to allow the plaintiff to
effectively police the Mareva injunction is by giving him sufficient
information about the location and details of the respondent’s assets, so that
he can determine whether the respondent has been moving his assets in breach
of the Mareva injunction”. It is for this reason that the disclosure order
becomes “an integral part of the court’s Mareva jurisdiction and an ordinary
adjunct to a Mareva injunction”. In contrast, the 3rd and 4th respondents here
have set aside the full judgement sum in a separate bank account that is
currently frozen by the Development Bank of Singapore. The 3rd and 4th
respondents have undertaken not to utilise these sums as part of the
exceptions to the Mareva order. That should be sufficient to assuage the
applicant’s worries of the judgement sum that is being sought from the 3rd and
4th respondents being dissipated.

4 Committal proceedings require leave of court. Counsel for the applicant
submits that at the leave stage, all that is necessary to obtain leave is for
the applicant to establish a prima facie case of contempt (BMP v BMQ [2014] 1
SLR 1140 (“BMP”) at [13], [18]-[19]; Mok Kah Hong v Zheng Zhuang Yao [2016] 3
SLR 1 (“Mok Kah Hong”) at [57]-[58]). Counsel submits that the court should
not “venture into the merits of the substantive committal application”. I
agree with counsel. Although the court need not evaluate the merits for
committal at this stage, it must be satisfied that on the assumption that the
breach is proved and there is no reasonable excuse for the breach, leave may
be granted, but not otherwise. And in this regard, it may be necessary to
examine the justification and purpose of the application for leave. This is a
necessary part of the procedural safeguards behind applying for leave — the
court “will not simply rubber-stamp an application for leave to apply for an
order of committal”, and “the leave procedure should not be used as a tool for
oppression” (BMP at [18]).

5 It is only through a consideration of the justification and purpose behind a
party’s application that the court will be able to disallow abuses of process.
In cases of a breach of a Mareva order, the mere fact that disclosure was not
given, though strictly a breach, does not mean that leave must necessarily be
given. In this case, the application was made to enforce the disclosure order.
But the question, given the basis of a Mareva injunction, is whether the
disclosure is still necessary.

6 A Mareva injunction is an intrusive and exceptional order. It is an urgent
remedy to a party who may find his claim in threat of vanishing even before he
can begin the court process because the respondent has shown signs that he is
dissipating his assets to put them out of the applicant’s reach. That is why a
Mareva injunction is usually granted on an urgent, ex parte basis, as in this
case.

7 Once it is clear that the applicant’s claim is secured, there is no basis
for the disclosure order. A disclosure order pursuant to a Mareva application
is different from a disclosure order made in the course of interlocutory
proceedings because the latter is governed by considerations of relevance of
the information sought strictly for the purposes of the suit. It is part of
the interlocutory process. The disclosure order pursuant to a Mareva
injunction is strictly to ensure that there is no concealment or dissipation
of assets. The two basis must not be mixed up. If a plaintiff has already
secured the full amount of his claim, persisting in the disclosure of assets
at that point is excessive — and may even be an abuse of process.

8 Counsel for the applicant submitted that it has reasonable suspicions that
the 3rd and 4th respondents “are also likely to be holding substantial assets
for” the 1st respondent. It is in the applicant’s favour that the four
respondents within the applicant’s claim are connected, and that the
applicant’s claims against the 1st and 2nd respondents exceed the amount
secured by the 3rd and 4th respondents. I will therefore grant leave against
the 3rd and 4th respondents, and leave it to the 3rd and 4th respondents to
show that they have no connection to the rest of the applicant’s claim beyond
the US$194,031.23 that they have set aside pursuant to the Mareva order.

9 The applicant also seeks leave to commence committal proceedings against the
1st and 2nd respondents for non-compliance with the terms of the same Mareva
injunction granted in favour of the applicant. Counsel for the applicant
argues that leave should be granted, notwithstanding that service of the
Mareva order remains pending on the 1st and 2nd respondents. This is because
the 1st and 2nd respondents have had fair notice of the Mareva order made
against them, and thus have had knowledge of the Mareva order they must comply
with. Based on evidence provided of multiple instances of service to the
currently active emails of the 1st and 2nd respondents, and other evidence
showing that the 1st and 2nd respondents are well aware of the proceedings
against them, I accept counsel’s argument. I find this to be an appropriate
case and thus exercise my discretion under O 7 r 1(2) of the Rules of Court
2021 to “dispense with personal service”. I thus grant the applicant
permission to bring committal proceedings against the 1st and 2nd respondents
as well.

10 Costs reserved.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge of the High Court

Ang Leong Hao and Ashwin Kumar Menon (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
applicant;  
Joshua Ng Wei Kit (Focus Law Asia LLC) for the 3rd and 4th respondents
(watching brief).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 02 Aug 2023 (08:43 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

