Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 258

Companies Winding Up No 87 of 2023 (Summons No 1741 of 2023)

In the matter of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act 2018 (Act
40 of 2018)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Synergy Global Resources Pte Ltd  
---  
  
Between

Maybank Singapore Limited  
---  
  
… Claimant

And

Synergy Global Resources Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Insolvency Law — Winding up — Triable issue]

[Contract — Contractual discretion]

[Contract — Contractual terms — Unfair Contract Terms Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Maybank Singapore Ltd

  
v

  

Synergy Global Resources Pte Ltd

[2023] SGHC 258

General Division of the High Court — Companies Winding Up No 87 of 2023
(Summons No 1741 of 2023)

Goh Yihan JC  
3 August 2023

12 September 2023 Judgment reserved.

Goh Yihan JC:

1 HC/CWU 87/2023 (“CWU 87”) is the claimant’s application for a winding up
order against the defendant. In turn, HC/SUM 1741/2023 (“SUM 1741”) is the
defendant’s application for CWU 87 to be set aside with costs. Both CWU 87 and
SUM 1741 are therefore concerned with the same question of whether the
defendant should be wound up.

2 After hearing the parties and considering their submissions and relevant
documents, I allow CWU 87. I accordingly dismiss SUM 1741. I provide the
reasons for my decision below.

Background facts

The basis of the claimant’s application under CWU 87

3 The background facts leading to CWU 87 are these. By way of a Letter of
Offer dated 19 February 2019, the claimant granted trade facilities to the
defendant under the Loan Insurance Scheme (the “LIS”) with a total credit line
of US$490,000. Separately, by way of a second Letter of Offer dated 17
December 2019, the claimant granted a SME Working Capital Loan of S$100,000 to
the defendant.

4 The claimant later issued a third Letter of Offer dated 11 August 2020 to
the defendant. This was for trade facilities under the LIS with a total credit
line of US$600,000 and a business credit card facility with a total credit
line of S$8,000.

5 The claimant then issued a fourth Letter of Offer dated 13 July 2021 to the
defendant for trade facilities under the Enterprise Financing Scheme – Trade
(the “EFS Trade Facility”) with a total credit line of US$600,000 and a
business credit card facility with a total credit line of S$8,000.

6 Pursuant to the Letter of Offer dated 13 July 2021, on 9 May 2022, the
defendant applied for Trust Receipt Invoice Financing (the “Trust Receipt”)
from the claimant for pre-shipment financing in respect of the invoice issued
by VR International FZC to the defendant for a sum of US$177,450. The claimant
approved the defendant’s application and disbursed a sum of US$177,450 for the
payment of the above-mentioned invoice. The Trust Receipt had an initial
financing tenor of 45 days, ie, it fell due on 26 June 2022. At the
defendant’s request, the claimant later extended the financing tenor to 8
August 2022.

7 In addition to the Trust Receipt, the defendant had, on 8 July 2022, applied
to the claimant for the issuance of a letter of credit for a sum of US$352,000
in favour of VR International FZC. The claimant issued the letter of credit
for this sum on 15 July 2022 (the “Letter of Credit”). The claimant later
cancelled the Letter of Credit on 11 October 2022 as the required supporting
documents were not presented to it. As such, with the sums extended under the
Trust Receipt and the Letter of Credit, the outstanding amount on the EFS
Trade Facility was well over US$551,497,98, leaving less than US$50,000
available credit for the defendant to draw down on. In any event, the claimant
did not receive any further application from the defendant, especially in
respect of the transactions mentioned at [12] below.

8 The defendant defaulted in paying for the Trust Receipt when it fell due on
8 August 2022. The claimant’s solicitors, Shook Lin & Bok LLP (“SLB”), issued
a letter of demand dated 25 October 2022 to the defendant to recall the entire
banking facilities that the claimant had granted to the defendant. In the same
letter, SLB, on behalf of the claimant, demanded the repayment of all
outstanding sums from all such facilities within seven days. As of 21 October
2022, these sums were: (a) US$182,692.05 in respect of the EFS Trust Receipt
Facility; (b) S$50,833.40 in respect of the defendant’s SME Working Capital
Loan Facility; and (c) S$1,819.42 in respect of the defendant’s business
credit card facility, together with interest accruing thereon until the date
of full payment.

9 When the defendant did not comply with SLB’s letter of demand, the claimant
instructed SLB to issue a Statutory Demand dated 16 November 2022 (the “SD”)
against the defendant for full repayment of the sums of US$184,152.63 and
S$50,815.29, due under the recalled banking facilities as of 15 November 2022,
together with interest accruing thereon until the date of full payment.

10 The defendant failed to comply with the SD within three weeks and has not
yet done so at the time of this hearing. Thus, the claimant submits that by
virtue of s 125(2)(a) of the Insolvency, Restructuring and Dissolution Act
2018 (2020 Rev Ed) (the “IRDA”), the defendant is deemed to be unable to pay
its debt and may be wound up by the court pursuant to s 125(1)(e) of the IRDA.
The claimant therefore filed CWU 87 on 12 May 2023.

The defendant’s claim against the claimant in OC 338

11 Juxtaposed against the facts which the claimant relies on in CWU 87, are
the facts which the defendant relies on in its claim against the claimant in
HC/OC 338/2023 (“OC 338”). According to the defendant, in or around July 2022,
the claimant requested documents from the defendant to process a fourth trade
facility. This was to replace the third trade facility pursuant to the Letter
of Offer dated 13 July 2021, which was due to expire on 18 July 2022. Because
the third trade facility was about to expire at the time, the defendant kept
all its new businesses on hold until the fourth trading facility was approved.

12 On 28 August 2022, the claimant debited a fee of S$6,343.88 from the
defendant’s account as renewal fees for the EFS Trade Facility, or what the
defendant has termed as the “fourth trade facility”. The defendant, in
reliance of what it says is an agreement between the parties on a fourth trade
facility, immediately went to its buyers to conclude the transactions that had
been put on hold pending the renewal of the EFS Trade Facility. Thus, on 8
September 2022, the defendant executed a purchase contract with Vijayanagar
Foods & Nutraceuticals Pvt Ltd of India for two containers of virgin coconut
oil worth US$292,800 at preferential pricing. On 13 September 2022, the
defendant concluded an agreement with its buyer for the sale of two containers
of virgin coconut oil worth US$448,350. The defendant claims that the
claimant’s denial of the use of the EFS Trade Facility deprived the defendant
of a profit of at least US$155,500 on these transactions. However, it bears
noting that while the claimant recalled all the banking facilities on 25
October 2022, including the EFS Trade Facility, the defendant never applied
for any credit in respect of these transactions before that date. The
defendant further claims that it was in a position to make at least six of
such transactions had the EFS Trade Facility not been wrongfully terminated.
As such, the defendant claims to have lost at least US$933,300 as a result of
the claimant’s wrongful termination.

My decision: CWU 87 is allowed and SUM 1741 is dismissed

The relevant law

13 The relevant law in relation to a court’s discretion to dismiss a winding
up application is well established. In this regard, the court is generally
faced with the following situations in the context of winding up applications:

(a) Where the debtor fails to pay an undisputed debt after being served with a
statutory demand by the creditor, it is the duty of the court to direct a
winding up (see the Court of Appeal decision of Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v
Holland Leedon Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 268 (“Metalform”) at [61]). There are
exceptional cases where the court may exercise its discretion not to grant a
winding up order, such as when public policy considerations are engaged (see
the Court of Appeal decision of BNP Paribas v Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd [2009] 2
SLR(R) 949 at [15]–[20]).

(b) Where, however, the debtor rightfully disputes the debt claimed by the
creditor, the court will stay or dismiss the winding up application on the
ground that the locus standi of the creditor is in question and it is an abuse
of the process of the court for the creditor to enforce a disputed debt in
this way (see Metalform at [62]). In assessing whether there is a substantial
and bona fide dispute over the debt claimed by the creditor, the applicable
standard is no more than that for resisting a summary judgment application,
ie, the debtor would have to raise triable issues (see the Court of Appeal
decision of Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“Pacific Recreation”) at [16]–[17]).

(c) Where the debtor does not dispute the debt but seeks a stay or dismissal
of the winding up application on the ground that it has a genuine and serious
cross-claim equal to or exceeding the debt, the court should stay or dismiss
the application if the debtor can raise triable issues (see the Court of
Appeal decision of AnAn Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Joint
Stock Co) [2020] 1 SLR 1158 (“AnAn”) at [25]). One such way is for the debtor
to show that he has a bona fide cross-claim based on substantial grounds and
that there is a distinct possibility that the cross-claim may exceed the
undisputed debt (see AnAn at [25] and Metalform at [36] and [82]).

14 More specifically, while the cases appear to show a divergence in the
terminology used to describe the standard with which a debtor must raise a
triable issue, this has been resolved in more recent cases. Thus, although
Pacific Recreation and the decisions thereafter have referred to the “triable
issue” standard, Metalform had referred to the “unlikely to succeed” standard,
ie, that the winding up application was unlikely to succeed. However, as I
observed in the High Court decision of Atlas Equifin Pte Ltd v Electronic Cash
and Payment Solutions (S) Pte Ltd (Andy Lim and others, non-parties) [2023] 3
SLR 900 (“Atlas Equifin”) (at [43]), it has since been clarified that any
linguistic divergence between the “triable issues” standard in Pacific
Recreation and the “unlikely to succeed” standard in Metalform was “a
distinction without difference” (see the High Court decisions of Denmark
Skibstekniske Konsulenter A/S I Likvidation (formerly known as Knud E Hansen
A/S) v Ultrapolis 3000 Investments Ltd (formerly known as Ultrapolis 3000
Theme Park Investments Ltd) [2011] 4 SLR 997 at [26] and Strategic
Construction Pte Ltd v JH Projects Pte Ltd [2018] 4 SLR 1192 at [20]).

15 Finally, as to how a court should apply the “triable issue” standard, the
High Court decision of BDG v BDH [2016] 5 SLR 977 is instructive. As the court
observed (at [20]), this “would require the court to examine the affidavit
evidence, and consider whether on such material, an arguable case could be
made meriting the holding of a trial of the issues. That standard would
require more inquiry and assessment than a standard requiring only making out
that a dispute exists prima facie”. The following are examples of issues that
have satisfied the “triable issue” standard:

(a) whether the board resolution that authorised the company to enter into a
guarantee was valid due to arguable questions as to whether the requisite
quorum for the relevant meeting was met, and whether the board resolution for
the execution of the guarantee was effective (see Atlas Equifin at [42], [58],
and [59]);

(b) whether an agreement existed between the parties, whether the transaction
pursuant to that agreement was genuine, and whether a party would have
standing to bring winding up proceedings based on assigned trade debts if it
is found only to be an equitable assignee (see the High Court decision of
Adcrop Pte Ltd v Gokul Vegetarian Restaurant and Cafe Pte Ltd (Rajeswary d/o
Sinan and another, non-parties) [2023] SGHC 152 at [67]–[70]);

(c) whether certain representations were made giving rise to an implied
agreement or collateral contract between the parties and whether
representations were made without any authority (see the High Court decision
of 6DM (S) Pte Ltd v AE Brands Korea Ltd and others and another matter [2022]
3 SLR 1300 at [138]–[148]); and

(d) whether there was a common understanding on party A’s liability to pay
party B when it was paid by party C, whether a party failed to present
relevant documents under the written contract, and whether there was evidence
that a party had obtained good title to cargo (see the High Court decision of
BWF v BWG [2020] 3 SLR 894 at [57]–[70]).

16 Ultimately, as explained by the High Court in Founder Group (Hong Kong) Ltd
(in liquidation) v Singapore JHC Co Pte Ltd [2023] SGHC 159 (at [26]), the
reason for adopting the “triable issue” standard is because if the creditor
can satisfy the insolvency court that a civil court would enter summary
judgment in its favour, it would then be a waste of time, costs, and judicial
resources to dismiss the winding up application and divert the creditor to the
civil court to litigate its dispute in the usual way. However, if the debtor
can raise a triable issue, then the insolvency court should dismiss the
winding up application and send the parties to a civil court to litigate the
dispute at hand. This is because the insolvency court “is generally not in the
best position to adjudicate on the merits of a commercial dispute without a
proper ventilation of the evidential disputes through a trial” before the
civil court (see Pacific Recreation at [16]).

The defendant has not raised triable issues

17 With these principles in mind, I come to the present case. In my judgment,
while the claimant has raised a prima facie case that the defendant is unable
to pay its debts pursuant to s 125(2)(a) read with s 125(1)(e) of the IRDA,
the defendant has not raised any triable issue that would compel me to either
dismiss or stay CWU 87.

18 Turning first to the claimant’s prima facie case, it cannot be seriously
disputed that the defendant was well aware that the Trust Receipt was due on 8
August 2022. In this regard, the defendant seemingly challenges the due date
of the Trust Receipt by relying on cl 8 of Annex 2 to the Letter of Offer
dated 13 July 2021 (“Clause 8”). In this regard, Clause 8 provides as follows:
1

##### Foot Note 1

×

2nd Affidavit of Lim Chow Yang dated 30 June 2023 at p 168.

The relevant EFS Trade Facilities shall be settled on or before their
respective due dates.

Notwithstanding aforesaid, all amounts (whether principal, interest,
commission, fees or otherwise) owing under the EFS Trade Facilities shall be
repaid in full on the earlier of (i) the date falling 12 months from each
utilisation date or (ii) the date falling 18 months from the date of
acceptance of this Letter.

…

Thus, the defendant argues that since the Trust Receipt was drawn down on 10
May 2022, the effect of Clause 8 is to make the repayment due date to be 9 May
2023, being 12 months from the draw down (or utilisation) date.

19 In my view, this argument is a non-starter. It is quite clear that each
Trust Receipt would have its own specified tenor and non-payment by that date
would result in consequences, including default interest. It therefore makes
no commercial sense, from a bank’s perspective, to voluntarily have Clause 8
automatically extend that tenor to 12 or 18 months, as the case may be.
Rather, the commercial purpose behind Clause 8 is plainly as an acceleration
clause, in that it will accelerate the due date for repayment to either 12 or
18 months if the specified tenor is more than 12 or 18 months, as the case may
be. As such, it is clear that the Trusts Receipt was due on 8 August 2022.

20 In any event, the defendant also acknowledged the same in its letter dated
17 October 2022 to SLB that “the outstanding amount with Maybank as on date is
USD 177,450 plus all accrued interest” and that “we have full intention to
settle this amount and we need some more time to settle this overdue trust
receipt”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

2nd Affidavit of Lim Chow Yang dated 30 June 2023 at para 16 and p 238.

As such, the defendant’s reliance on Clause 8 at the hearing before me is
clearly an afterthought when it plainly knew, as evidenced by its 17 October
2022 letter, that it was in default of the Trust Receipt as of 8 August 2022.

21 Despite this, the defendant defaulted in paying the Trust Receipt when it
first fell due on 8 August 2022, and failed to make payment on two subsequent
occasions: (a) when SLB issued a letter of demand dated 25 October 2022; and
(b) when SLB issued an SD dated 16 November 2022. This therefore establishes
the claimant’s prima facie case against the defendant. Given this, it would be
appropriate to allow CWU 87 unless the defendant can raise any triable issue,
which, in the present case, is what the defendant has alleged to be a genuine
and serious cross-claim equal to or exceeding the debt.

The claimant did not wrongfully exercise its discretion to recall the banking
facilities

22 The defendant’s first argument that a triable issue exists is that the
claimant had wrongfully exercised its discretion to recall the banking
facilities, including the EFS Trade Facility. In this regard, the claimant
relies on a number of clauses in the terms and conditions of the various
facilities. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

2nd Affidavit of Lim Chow Yang dated 30 June 2023 at paras 27–30.

It is not necessary to go through these clauses, save to say that the claimant
relies on them for the effect that it is contractually entitled to recall the
entire banking facilities granted to the defendant in view of the defendant’s
default in making repayment of the overdue Trust Receipt. The defendant argues
that the claimant had wrongfully exercised its discretion under these clauses
because the claimant had renewed the EFS Trade Facility through the debit of
the renewal fee on 28 August 2022. This renewal of the EFS Trade Facility gave
rise to the defendant’s legitimate expectation that it can continue to utilise
the EFS Trade Facility even though it had defaulted on paying for the Trust
Receipt before this renewal.

23 I reject the defendant’s argument that a triable issue exists for the
following reasons. First, the defendant has not sufficiently explained why the
claimant’s exercise of its discretion to recall the banking facilities was
done wrongfully. It is important for the defendant to explain this because it
is reasonably arguable that the courts have held that contractual discretions,
even if framed in absolute terms, need to be exercised within reasonable
boundaries (for a comprehensive and masterful summary of the law in this area,
see David Foxton QC, “Controlling Contractual Discretion”, a presentation
given at the Attorney-General’s Chambers (9 January 2018)). In this regard,
there are two methods a court may use to limit a party’s exercise of
contractual discretion (see generally Ong Ken Wei, “The Limits to Contractual
Discretion” (2021) 33 SAcLJ 919):

(a) The first method is to interpret the scope of the relevant clause and
determine whether compliance is to be measured to the objective or subjective
standard of reasonableness (see the High Court decision of ABN AMRO Clearing
Bank NV v 1050 Capital Pte Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 186 at [80]–[85]).

(b) The second is to use implied terms to the effect that: (i) the contractual
discretion will be exercised objectively reasonably (see the High Court
decision of Koh Kim Teck and another v Credit Suisse AG, Singapore Branch
[2019] SGHC 82 at [36]–[38], where the court rejected this argument because
there was no gap in the contract); or (ii) the contractual discretion will not
be exercised arbitrarily, capriciously, or irrationally (see the High Court
decision of TYC Investment Pte Ltd and others v Tay Yun Chwan Henry and
another [2014] 4 SLR 1149 at [217]–[218]). In the context of an employment
contract, the UK Supreme Court adopted an expanded default set of implied
terms to control the exercise of a contractual discretion (see the UK Supreme
Court decision of Braganza v BP Shipping Ltd [2015] 1 WLR 1661, applied by the
High Court in Leiman, Ricardo and another v Noble Resources ltd and another
[2018] SGHC 166 at [112]–[114]).

24 More broadly, the reason for the control of a party’s exercise of a
contractual discretion is because when two parties contract with each other to
confer a discretion on one party, the courts will not allow the other party to
be subjected to the first party’s uninhibited whim (see the English Court of
Appeal decision of Abu Dhabi National Tanker Co v Product Star Shipping Ltd,
The Product Star (No 2) [1993] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 397 at 404, referred to in the
recent New Zealand Court of Appeal decision of Philip John Woolley v Fonterra
Co-operative Group Limited [2023] NZCA 266 at [94]).

25 In the present case, apart from alluding to the claimant’s renewal of the
EFS Trade Facility, the defendant has not explained why that act of renewal
would curtail the claimant from exercising its absolute discretion to recall
the banking facilities. This is because the claimant has provided clear
reasons why it recalled the banking facilities, this being the defendant’s
failure to repay, among other things, the sum owing under the Trust Receipt.
It is not as if the claimant decided to recall the banking facilities without
any reason. In any event, the Appellate Division of the High Court has in Dong
Wei v Shell Eastern Trading (Pte) Ltd and another [2022] 1 SLR 1318 (“Dong
Wei”) observed, albeit in obiter remarks, that the limitations on contractual
discretion should not apply to a discretion to terminate a contract, for this
would limit the parties’ freedom to contract (at [92]). As such, even if the
claimant had not provided clear reasons for recalling the banking facilities,
the Appellate Division’s remarks in Dong Wei would preclude a court from even
questioning whether the claimant had exercised its discretion wrongfully,
since this was a discretion to terminate the contracts that underlie the
various banking facilities.

26 Furthermore, it must be kept in mind that even if the claimant had renewed
the EFS Trade Facility, that act of renewal does not entitle the defendant to
ignore clear contractual provisions which oblige it (the defendant) to repay
sums as they fell due, for which failure to do so may result in the recalling
of the entire banking facilities. Hence, put another way, the claimant’s act
of renewal did not give the defendant a legitimate expectation that it could
draw down on the available line of credit without regard to the governing
contractual provisions. Rather, the legitimate expectation, if at all, was
that the defendant could continue to draw down on the available credit limit,
subject to the governing contractual provisions, which include the obligation
to repay sums as they fell due or be attended with consequences such as the
recalling of the entire banking facilities.

27 Finally, even assuming that the claimant had wrongfully exercised its
discretion to recall the banking facilities, the defendant has not properly
explained how that led to its alleged loss of at least US$933,300. To begin
with, the defendant did not apply for any credit from the claimant in respect
of the virgin coconut oil transactions in September 2022, especially in
respect of the purchase contract with Vijayanagar Foods & Nutraceuticals Pvt
Ltd of India for two containers of virgin coconut oil worth US$292,800. And
even if the defendant did apply for credit, the available credit for the
defendant to draw down on at that point was less than US$50,000. As such, even
if the claimant had wrongfully exercised its discretion to recall the banking
facilities on 25 October 2022, it remains that when the defendant entered into
the relevant transactions in September 2022, it did not apply for any credit
from the claimant, nor could it have obtained sufficient credit to cover the
cost of the transactions concerned. There is thus no causal connection between
the claimant’s exercise of its discretion to recall the banking facilities
with the defendant’s purported loss arising from the virgin coconut oil
transactions in September 2022. As for further virgin coconut oil transactions
that may have occurred after the banking facilities were recalled on 25
October 2022, the defendant has provided no particulars of these supposed
transactions and how it suffered losses of at least US$933,300.

The defendant’s argument that there was no letter of offer does not assist it

28 While the defendant’s counsel, Mr Lim Tean, did not make any submissions on
this point in writing or before me, it appears from the defendant’s affidavits
filed in support of SUM 1741 that it raises a second triable issue. This is
that since the claimant never issued a letter of offer in respect of the EFS
Trade Facility renewed on 28 August 2022, the claimant was wrong in relying on
the various clauses in the Letter of Offer dated 13 July 2021, which had
expired by then.

29 This argument is a non-starter because if the defendant recognises that it
had not accepted any new letter of offer that governs the EFS Trade Facility
that was renewed on 28 August 2022, then there would simply be no trading
facility available to the defendant after the expiration of the EFS Trade
Facility from the Letter of Offer dated 13 July 2021. In this case, it may
well be that the defendant is entitled to a refund of the renewal fee of
S$6,343.88, but by the defendant’s own assertion that it had not accepted any
new letter of offer, it must follow as a matter of law that there was simply
no new trading facility that the defendant could draw down on in any event.

Conclusion

30 For the reasons above, I do not find that the defendant has raised any
genuine and serious cross-claim equal to or exceeding the debt in the SD. I
therefore allow CWU 87 and dismiss SUM 1741.

31 Unless the parties are able to agree, they are to tender their submissions
on the appropriate costs order within 14 days of this decision, limited to
seven pages each.

Goh Yihan  
Judicial Commissioner|  
---|---  
  
Ng Yeow Khoon, Claudia Marianne Frankie Khoo and Tham Xue Yi Fiona (Shook Lin
& Bok LLP) for the claimant;  
Lim Tean (Carson Law Chambers) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Sep 2023 (15:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

