Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 90

Suit No 498 of 2020

Between

(1)| Ho Soo Tong  
---|---  
(2)| Ho Soo Whatt  
(3)| Ho Liew Leng @Edwin  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Ho Soo Fong  
---|---  
(2)| Ho Soo Kheng  
(3)| Invest Ho Properties Pte. Ltd.  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure – Pleadings]

[Trusts – Express trusts – Certainties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ho Soo Tong and others

  
v

  

Ho Soo Fong and others

[2023] SGHC 90

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 498 of 2020  
Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J  
4-7 October, 11-13 October, 18-19 October, 16 December 2022, 6 January 2023

6 April 2023 Judgment reserved.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi J:

Introduction

1 HC/S 498/2020 involves a dispute between brothers over ownership of a family
enterprise. The protagonists in this suit are five brothers of the Ho family
who are locked in a dispute over the ownership of shares in a company known as
Invest Ho Properties Pte Ltd (“Invest Ho”). In gist, three of the brothers –
the three Plaintiffs – claim that the five brothers as well as their nephew
(one Hoo Peng Zuo) have equal ownership stakes in Invest Ho, which the
Plaintiffs characterise as a family business. On the other hand, two of the
brothers – the 1st and 2nd Defendant – claim that Invest Ho is owned by only
the two of them and that it is not a family business.

2 The trial was heard before me over nine days. The Plaintiffs were
represented by counsel while the Defendants’ counsel discharged themselves on
the first day of trial. The Defendants then acted in person. At the conclusion
of the trial, closing submissions were tendered by both sides on 16 December
2022, and reply submissions were tendered on 6 January 2023.

3 Having reviewed the evidence adduced and considered the submissions made, I
now give my decision.

Facts

The parties

4 The 1st, 2nd and 3rd Plaintiffs in this suit are Ho Soo Tong (“HST”), Ho Soo
Whatt (“HSW”) and Ho Liew Leng Edwin (“Edwin”). The 1st and 2nd Defendants are
Ho Soo Fong (“HSF”) and Ho Soo Kheng (“HSK”) respectively. The five of them
had an elder brother, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AEIC of HST at para 8.

one Ho Ann Swee (“HAS”), who passed away in 2013. I will refer to all six
brothers of the Ho family (including HAS) collectively as the (“Ho Brothers”).
Invest Ho, the company whose shares are the subject-matter of the present
dispute, is joined as the nominal 3rd Defendant in this suit.

5 The seniority of the five brothers involved in the present dispute is as
follows: HSK is the oldest, followed by HST, followed by HSF, followed by HSW,
followed by the youngest Edwin. Hoo Peng Zuo (“Peng Zuo”) is the son of HAS. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AEIC of HST at para 9.

He is not joined as a party in this suit.

Background to the dispute

6 By way of background, Invest Ho was incorporated in Singapore on 4 April
1986. Invest Ho has an issued and fully paid-up capital of 2,500,000 ordinary
shares of $1 each. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AEIC of HSF at para 5.

Sometime in the middle of 2019, the Plaintiffs discovered from searching the
records of the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) that the
shareholding of Invest Ho had changed. On discovering the changes in
shareholding, the Plaintiffs issued a letter of demand to the Defendants,
requesting that they rectify the shareholding position so as to uphold an
alleged agreement between the Ho Brothers. The Defendants did not accede to
the Plaintiffs’ request. Following failed attempts to resolve the matter, the
Plaintiffs commenced the present suit. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 24-31.

The Plaintiffs’ pleaded version of events

Early years working together

7 I first summarise the Plaintiffs’ version of events. The Plaintiffs’
position is that the Ho Brothers had begun working together from a young age,
with the youngest brother, Edwin, joining the family business last in 1995. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 5-9; AEIC of Edwin at para 8.

According to the Plaintiffs, the working relationship between the Ho Brothers
was one in which assets generated or acquired in the course of their work were
beneficially owned by the brothers in equal shares. Over the years, the Ho
Brothers established and were involved in several businesses, such as Ho Tong
Seng Engineering Works Co (“HTS Engineering”) 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 5.

and Ho Pak Kim Enterprise Co (“HPK Enterprise”) 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 6.

. In the course of their working relationship, various properties were also
acquired, such as the property at 179 Syed Alwi Road, a four-story mixed-
development property (“Syed Alwi Property”) 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 6-8

.

Founding of Invest Ho

8 Invest Ho was originally set up in April 1986 by persons unrelated to the
present suit. The Plaintiffs’ case is that sometime in 1995, Patrick Ho and
Steven Ho (who were not related to the Ho Brothers) wanted to partner HSK,
HST, HSF and Edwin in a joint venture to develop a property at 1 Mactaggart
Road. Discussions were held between the Plaintiffs, the Defendants, Patrick Ho
and Steven Ho. HAS did not participate in these discussions as he was not on
good terms with HSF and HSK at the time. According to the Plaintiffs, they and
the Defendants agreed to enter into a “50/50 joint venture with Patrick and
Steven” Ho, and to use Invest Ho as the joint venture company instead of
incorporating a new company. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AEIC of HST at para 29.

Based on their discussions, the agreement between the Plaintiffs and the
Defendants at that time was for 50% of the total shares in Invest Ho to be
issued to HSK and HSF, with HSK and HSF holding the shares on trust for
themselves and for the three Plaintiffs in equal proportions of 1/5 share per
each brother (“1995 Agreement”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 10-11; AEIC of HST at para 30.

HAS and Peng Zuo were not party to the 1995 Agreement. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AEIC of HST at para 31.

9 The Plaintiffs’ case is that the five brothers’ shares in Invest Ho were
paid for by a loan from the Bank of East Asia which was in turn secured
against the Syed Alwi Property. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 13.

10 Subsequently, in the period around 2006 to 2007, Patrick Ho and Steven Ho
exited Invest Ho and ceased being joint venture partners with the Ho Brothers.
From the ACRA records and other documents provided, it appeared that Patrick
Ho and Steven Ho ceased being shareholders of Invest Ho sometime in 2007. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AEIC of HST at p 93-104.

This left HSK and HSF as the sole registered shareholders of Invest Ho. The
Plaintiffs’ case is that at this stage, HSK and HSF continued to hold all
their shares in Invest Ho on trust for the five brothers (ie not including HAS
or his son Peng Zuo) in equal proportions. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 15.

Inclusion of HAS / Peng Zuo

11 The Plaintiffs’ case is that they received constant verbal reassurances
from HSK over the years between 2007 and 2012 that he and HSK would transfer
to the Plaintiffs their respective shares in Invest Ho. These communications
were not documented because of their familial relationship. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AEIC of HST at para 37.

As at 2012, no share transfer had taken place. Sometime in 2012, therefore,
the three Plaintiffs and the two Defendants held a meeting, during which they
agreed to record their agreement that the shares in Invest Ho which were held
in HSF’s and HSK’s names belonged equally to each of them. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AEIC of HST at para 38.

12 At this meeting, it was agreed that since Invest Ho had been built up as a
result of the contributions from all the brothers in the Ho family, the shares
in Invest Ho belonged equally to each and every one of the brothers, including
the eldest brother HAS (who had not been included in the 1995 Agreement). HSF
himself proposed that they include HAS “by allocating to him an equal portion
of shares in recognition of [HAS’s] contributions to Invest Ho”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AEIC of HST at para 38.

This was agreed to by all five brothers. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 18A.

As HAS was in ill health at this stage, HSK proposed – and the others agreed –
that the shares allocated to HAS be given to the latter’s son Peng Zuo. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AEIC of HST at paras 38-39; AEIC of HSW at para 23.

13 HAS, on being asked, also agreed to the above arrangement (“2012
Agreement”). Thereafter, the Plaintiffs, the Defendants and Peng Zuo each
executed a document, “Company Resolution (07 August 2012)” (“2012 Company
Resolution”) prepared by HSF, wherein it was documented that all 2,500,000
Invest Ho shares were to be equally divided among the six of them. The paid up
and issued shares in Invest Ho totaled 2,500,000, so this meant that the six
of them would each own 416,666.67 shares. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 18.

14 On or around 28 February 2012, the Plaintiffs and Defendants also started a
United Kingdom company known as Forward Realty Limited (“Forward Realty”)
which developed properties in the UK. The Plaintiffs’ position is that in
keeping with the agreement of equal ownership between them, the Plaintiffs,
the 1st and 2nd Defendants, and Peng Zuo each held one share in Forward
Realty. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No.1) at para 18E.

Contributions of HST, HSW and Edwin Ho to Invest Ho

15 The Plaintiffs’ case is that in line with the agreement and understanding
that the Ho Brothers each had an equal share in the family businesses, Invest
Ho had been operated by the Ho Brothers collectively since 1995, with each of
them making contributions and efforts towards the running of the company.
Inter alia, the Plaintiffs assert that HST and Edwin had contributed and/or
advanced and/or loaned their personal funds to Invest Ho in the period 2007 to
2020. These monies had come from their personal bank accounts; and these
contributions or advances were made to assist Invest Ho in its business
operations and to meet its liabilities and expenses – especially in respect of
the re-development of 22 Hillside Drive. These monies were also used to redeem
the loan in respect of 1 Mactaggart Road. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC of HST at para 52, p 138-205.

In total, the funds contributed by HST and Edwin to Invest Ho amounted to
around $4,654,11.00. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 16.

16 As another example of their contributions to Invest Ho, the Plaintiffs
point to HST and Edwin having used their own company to take loans in order to
assist Invest Ho in the payment of development charges to URA for the 22
Hillside Drive development. HST and Edwin jointly owned a company called M
Design & Build Pte Ltd (“M Design”) which was incorporated in October 2009 and
whose business was principally that of general building contractors. M Design
lent to Invest Ho – interest-free – a sum of $2,193.674.14. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 16; AEIC of HST at paras 5, p
209-211.

17 As yet another example, the Plaintiffs assert that HSW agreed to mortgage
his property at 82 Boundary Road as collateral to obtain an overdraft loan
facility of $1,925,00.00 for Invest Ho. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 16; AEIC of HSW at para 31.

HSW states that to date, 82 Boundary Road remains a security for this facility
while he remains a guarantor in respect of this facility. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AEIC of HSW at para 31.

Transfer of shares and present conflict

18 Following the 2012 Agreement, HSF and HSK did not transfer to the
Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo their respective shares in Invest Ho. In light of
their familial relationship, the Plaintiffs did not insist. They also felt
reassured by the existence of the 2012 Agreement. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AEIC of HST at para 43.

19 Sometime in late 2016, the Plaintiffs and HSF had a meeting during which
HSF agreed that out of his shareholding of 1,550,000 Invest Ho shares, he
would transfer 310,000 shares to each of the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo. HSF
informed the Plaintiffs that HSK was unwilling to transfer any shares to them.
However, as HSF claimed that he “had a way to persuade [HSK]” to do so, the
Plaintiffs left it to HSF to speak to HSK. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AEIC of HSW at paras 28-29; AEIC of HST at paras 44-45.

20 On 1 March 2017, HST transferred 310,000 shares each to HST, HSW, Edwin and
Peng Zuo. This made for a total of 1,240,000 shares transferred from HST. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 20-22; AEIC of HST at para 48, p
131-133.

HSF and HSK – who were then the directors and registered shareholders of
Invest Ho – passed a resolution on 1 March 2017 stating that the transfer of
the 1,240,000 shares by HSF to the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo was approved. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AEIC of HST at p 134.

These share transfers and the updated shareholding positions were duly
reflected in Invest Ho’s ACRA business profile ACRA the following day (2 March
2017). ACRA records showed these changes as having been lodged by Invest Ho’s
company secretary Chew Lee Sam (“Mdm Chew”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AEIC of HST at 224-226.

The Plaintiffs’ position is that there were no monies to be paid to HSF for
the transfer of the shares. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AEIC of HST at para 50; AEIC of HSW at para 30.

Each of the share transfer forms did, however, state that there was
“consideration” of $4030.00. This amount was written by Mdm Chew. Mdm Chew
based this calculation on the total net asset value of Invest Ho being
$32,487.00 and therefore, the net asset value per share (at a total of
2,500,000 shares) being $0.01299 (rounded up to $0.013). Stamp duty of $18 was
paid on each of the share transfers. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 22; Transcript of 13 Oct at p 31
ln 5 to p 32 ln 3.

21 HSK did not at any time transfer to the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo any of the
shares registered in his name. The Plaintiffs contend that HSK failed, refused
and neglected to transfer his shares despite demands by HST and HSW that he do
so. The Plaintiffs’ case is that HSK continues to hold the Plaintiffs’
respective shares in Invest Ho on trust for them. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No.1) at para 23.

22 According to the Plaintiffs, they found out about the unlawful change in
their shareholding position sometime in July 2019, when HSW obtained a copy of
Invest Ho’s ACRA business profile. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

AEIC of HSW at para 32, p 57-60.

From the ACRA business profile, the Plaintiff discovered that their 930,000
shares (310,000 shares per each Plaintiff) had been transferred to HSF without
their knowledge, consent or authorization. This left HSF as the largest
shareholder in Invest Ho with 1,240,000 shares, while HSK held 950,000 shares
and Peng Zuo continued to hold 310,000 shares. When questioned, HSF admitted
that he had changed the ACRA records, but failed to give the Plaintiffs any
reasonable or cogent explanation as to why he had brought about this wrongful
transfer of the Plaintiffs’ shares. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AEIC of HSW at paras 33-35.

Further investigations showed that the transfers of HST’s, HSW’s and Edwin’s
shares to HSF were lodged by HSF personally on 22 October 2018, ie not by
Invest Ho’s company secretary. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No.1) at paras 24-26; AEIC of HST at p 212-214.

23 The Plaintiffs’ subsequently engaged lawyers and made a demand for the
wrongfully transferred shares to be returned to them, as well as for HSK to
transfer to them the shares he was still holding on trust for them. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AEIC of HST at paras 61-65.

They commenced these proceedings after failing to reach any agreement with the
two Defendants. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No.1) at paras 27-31.

The Defendants’ pleaded version of events

Early years

24 I next summarise the Defendants’ version of events. In gist, the
Defendants’ case is that the Ho Brothers were never involved in any family
business or family enterprise: the businesses and/or properties which were
acquired over the years belonged to the Defendants, and the Plaintiffs had no
part in them. The Defendants’ position, therefore, is that HPK Enterprise
belonged to them (the Defendants) and was run by them despite the fact that
HPK Enterprise was initially registered in HSK’s name only. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AEIC of HSF at paras 19-21.

25 As for HTS Engineering, the Defendants’ position is that HTS Engineering
was never involved in the development of the Syed Alwi Property, and no funds
belonging to HTS Engineering were utilized for the purchase of that property.
Instead, the Defendants claim that they utilized monies they had earned from
HPK Enterprise to purchase the Syed Alwi Property. The Defendants also deny
that HSW contributed monies to purchase the adjacent plot of land next to the
Syed Alwi Property: according to the Defendants, HSW was very young at that
time, and had neither income nor financial capacity to contribute. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence (Amendment No.2) at paras 4-5.

26 The Defendants further deny that there was ever any agreement between the
Plaintiffs and HSF to purchase the Syed Alwi Property together and to hold it
in HSF and HSK’s name on trust for the Ho Brothers. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 6.

Invest Ho joint venture

27 The Defendants deny the existence of the 1995 Agreement. It is their case
that the Plaintiffs were never part of the discussions concerning the joint
venture in Invest Ho with Patrick Ho and Steven Ho. According to the
Defendants, the Plaintiffs had no involvement whatsoever in the affairs of HTS
Engineering; and the 1st and 2nd Defendants thus had no reason to involve them
in any discussion regarding the joint venture. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 8.

The Defendants’ position is that HSW and HST only became involved in Invest
Ho’s business when they were appointed as directors in 2017 and 2018
respectively – whereas Edwin had no intention of participating in the affairs
of Invest Ho as he had set up a sole proprietorship himself. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 8.

No contributions by HST, HSW and Edwin towards Invest Ho

28 The Defendants deny that the development charges for the 22 Hillside Drive
development were paid by contributions from HST and Edwin. Instead, the
Defendants claim that Invest Ho paid for these development charges itself “by
refinancing 5 units of factories situated at 1 Mactaggart Road with Maybank
and/or from Lei Shing Hong Capital (Singapore) Pte Ltd [“LSH Capital”] by
using the property at 25 and 27 Lorong 104 Changi Road”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 10.

The Defendants’ position is that although the loans were taken in HST’s and
Edwin’s names, it was actually “done on behalf of [HSF]”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 10.

Transfer of shares and present conflict

29 Not surprisingly, the Defendants also deny the existence of 2012 Agreement.
Their position is that the transfer of shares by HSF to the Plaintiffs and
Peng Zuo in March 2017 came about as a result of HSF having decided to sell
some of his shares to the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo. In fact, in his affidavit
of evidence-in-chief, HSF claims that at the 2012 meeting, both he and HSK had
proposed selling “a portion of [their] 2.5 million shares” to the Plaintiffs
and Peng Zuo at $2.50 per share. At that point, HSF held 1,550,000 shares in
Invest Ho and HSK held 950,000 shares. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AEIC of HSF at para 41.

HSF claims that the Defendants’ intention in offering to sell their shares was
“for the entire 2.5 million shares in Invest Ho to be split equally amongst
the six of [them]” (ie the three Plaintiffs, the two Defendants and Peng Zuo),
“in exchange for the payment” to the Defendants of a total sale price of
$4,166,666.67 (at $2.50 per share). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AEIC of HSF at para 42.

The Plaintiffs were the ones who allegedly backed away from proceeding with
the purchase of the shares in 2012 due to uncertainty over the Hillside
Development; and the 2012 sale of shares was accordingly “aborted”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AEIC of HSF at paras 45-46.

30 As to how the transfer of shares to the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo came about
in 2017, the Defendants claim that at a meeting which they had with the
Plaintiffs in March 2017, HSF “revisited the possibility of selling and
distributing [his] shares to the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo, to raise funds for
the Hillside Development”. This time, HSK refused to sell any of his shares as
he was worried that the Plaintiffs would not pay him after obtaining the
shares. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AEIC of HSF at para 56.

31 According to HSF, his offer at the March 2017 meeting was for his 1,550,000
shares to be “split equally” between himself, the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo.
This was how he came to transfer 310,000 shares each to the Plaintiffs and
Peng Zuo – for which he was to be paid a total sum of $3,100,000 (at $2.50 per
share for 1,240,000 shares in total). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AEIC of HSF at para 58.

This meant that the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo were each obliged to pay him
$775,000 for the 310,000 shares transferred to each of them. HSF claims that
he also attached a number of “requirement[s]” to his offer to sell shares,
such as a requirement that he would “continue to be responsible for dealing
with the architect, consultant and surveyor for the Hillside Development”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AEIC of HSF at para 60.

32 HSF claims that it was the Plaintiffs who provided the share transfer forms
to him for signing – and that when he signed the share transfer forms, they
were blank save for “certain typewritten portions”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AEIC of HSF at para 62.

HSF’s position is that he does not know how the handwritten figure of $4,030
as the “consideration” for each transfer of shares came about. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AEIC of HSF at para 64.

In any event, HSF claims that the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo never paid him this
stated sum of $4,030 each – much less the sale price of $775,000 each. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AEIC of HSF at para 65.

33 Despite the non-payment of the alleged sale price, HSF proceeded to effect
the transfer of his shares to the Plaintiffs (and Peng Zuo) because they were
brothers and he trusted the Plaintiffs. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defence (Amendment No 2) at para 12.

According to the Defendants, no share scrips were ever issued to the
Plaintiffs precisely because they failed to pay HSF for the shares. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 12; AEIC of HSF at para 62.

Subsequently, HSF transferred the Plaintiffs’ 930,000 shares back to himself
“due to a failure to provide consideration on their end”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AEIC of HSF at para 85.

The Defendants deny, therefore, that the subsequent change in shareholding
effected by HSF was unlawful.

The parties’ respective arguments

34 I summarise below the key arguments put forward by the parties.

The Plaintiffs’ key arguments

35 The Plaintiffs’ case is that they are the beneficial owners of 416,666.67
Invest Ho shares each, on the basis of an express trust, or alternatively, a
common intention constructive trust. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 32.

The Plaintiffs contend, in the first place, that the shares in Invest Ho are
held by the Defendants on trust in equal shares, for the benefit of the
Defendants themselves, the Plaintiffs, and Peng Zuo, pursuant to the 1995
Agreement. According to the Plaintiffs, this 1995 Agreement is further
evidenced by way of a written document signed by the Ho Brothers and Peng Zuo
pursuant to the 2012 Agreement. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at p 19 and p 31.

36 In the alternative, the Plaintiffs contend that they are the beneficial
owners of 416,666.67 shares each, based on a common intention constructive
trust. In this connection, they point to the following factors: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at p 20.

(a) The Ho Brothers collectively contributed to the family business over the
years;

(b) Pursuant to the 1995 Agreement, the Plaintiffs and the Defendants were to
be equal beneficial owners of the Invest Ho shares registered in the names of
the 1st and 2nd Defendants;

(c) Pursuant to the 2012 Agreement, the Defendants were to hold the Invest Ho
shares on trust for the Ho Brothers and Peng Zuo in equal parts;

(d) The Plaintiffs had repeatedly asked for their shares to be transferred to
them;

(e) In 2017, the 1st Defendant HSF had transferred a total of 1,240,000 Invest
Ho shares to the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo (310,000 shares each), without
demanding payment from them;

(f) The parties did not enter into any sale and purchase agreement in respect
of the shares transfers;

(g) As the beneficial owners of Invest Ho, the Ho Brothers (including HAS) had
all contributed significantly to Invest Ho as its beneficial owners.

37 In their closing submissions, the Plaintiffs also argue that the Defendants
are precluded from advancing a positive case premised on the Plaintiffs’
agreement to purchase the Invest Ho shares from HSF because the Defendants
have in their pleadings merely denied the claims of the Plaintiff without
making any mention of the purported sale of the shares to the Plaintiffs. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 150-153.

The Defendants’ key arguments

38 The Defendants contend that:

(a) Invest Ho is not a family business of the Ho Brothers; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 17.

(b) There was no agreement in 1995 for the Plaintiffs to be equal beneficial
owners of Invest Ho shares; 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 25-26.

(c) The 2012 resolution for shares to be distributed equally amongst the
Plaintiffs, the Defendants and Peng Zuo was not a valid agreement; 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 18.

(d) The 2017 share “transfer” was actually a sale of shares by HSF to the
Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo. HSF later took back the shares from the Plaintiffs
because they failed to pay the sale price; 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 23-24.

(e) None of the Plaintiffs had contributed significantly to Invest Ho. The
properties they allegedly utilised for the benefit of Invest Ho were in fact
owned by HSF and HSK: the arrangement amongst the Ho Brothers was for the
properties to be utilised based on HSF’s instructions. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 26.

39 In their Closing Submissions, the Defendants have also attempted to put
forward hitherto unpleaded allegations and to introduce new exhibits. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 33-51.

The new exhibits annexed to the Defendant’s closing submissions include, inter
alia, a deed of mortgage, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 39-41.

parts of what appears to be a mortgage loan document, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 42-44.

and character testimonials for HSF 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 45-50.

.

Issues to be determined

40 The following issues arose for my determination:

(a) Whether the Plaintiffs’ pleadings are sufficient for them to mount an
alternative claim of common intention constructive trust;

(b) Whether the new allegations and evidence advanced by the Defendants in
their Closing Submissions may be considered by this Court;

(c) Whether there was an express trust over the disputed shares in the
Plaintiffs’ favour, whereby each Plaintiff would be entitled to 416,666.67
shares in Invest Ho;

(d) Whether alternatively, there was a common intention constructive trust in
the Plaintiffs’ favour, whereby each Plaintiff would be entitled to 416,666.67
shares in Invest Ho.

41 In the paragraphs that follow, I address these issues seriatim.

Issue 1: Whether the Plaintiffs’ pleadings are sufficient for them to mount an
alternative claim of common intention constructive trust

42 As a preliminary point, I find that although the Plaintiffs’ pleadings did
not expressly mention the doctrine of common intention constructive trust,
their pleadings are still sufficient to allow them to mount an alternative
claim of common intention constructive trust. This is because the statement of
claim contains the material facts required to establish the elements of a
claim of common intention constructive trust.

43 It is trite law that parties are bound by their pleadings, and the court is
precluded from deciding on matters that have not been put into issue by the
parties (V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam,
deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another [2015] 5 SLR 1422 (“V
Nithia”) at [38]; OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd [2012] 4 SLR 231 (“OMG
Holdings”) at [21]). However, if a legal result is to be relied on, the legal
result does not need to be pleaded specifically (MK (Project Management) Ltd v
Baker Marine Energy Pte Ltd [1994] 3 SLR(R) 823 at [26]; AAHG, LLC v Hong Hin
Kay Albert [2017] 3 SLR 636 at [68]; Multistar Holdings Ltd v Geocon Piling &
Engineering Pte Ltd [2016] 2 SLR 1 at [34]; Management Corporation Strata
Title Plan No 2911 v Tham Keng Mun and others [2011] 1 SLR 1263 at [63]). What
is necessary is that the pleadings disclose – at the minimum – the material
facts which support the cause of action relied on. This is so as to give the
opponent fair notice of the substance of the claim (V Nithia at [43]; Shi Wen
Yue v Shi Minjiu and another [2016] 4 SLR 911 at [10]). Ultimately, as the
Court of Appeal (“CA”) has observed on more than one occasion, the underlying
consideration of the law of pleadings is to prevent surprises from arising at
trial (SIC College of Business and Technology Pte Ltd v Yeo Poh Siah and
others [2016] 2 SLR 118 at [46]; Lu Bang Song v Teambuild Construction Pte Ltd
and another and another appeal [2009] SGHC 49 (“Lu Bang Song”) at [17]).

44 In the present case, I find that although the doctrine of common intention
constructive trust has not been specifically mentioned in the statement of
claim, the material facts which support a claim of common intention
constructive trust have been pleaded by the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs have
pleaded the 1995 Agreement, pursuant to which it was “understood and agreed”
that the five brothers would each own a 1/5 share of the Invest Ho shares
registered in the Defendants’ names; that the Defendants would hold “on trust”
the shares belonging to the Plaintiffs; and that the Plaintiffs relied on this
understanding and agreement to their detriment. The Plaintiffs have also
pleaded the 2012 Agreement, pursuant to which it was “discussed and agreed”
amongst all the brothers that the shares in Invest Ho “belonged equally to
each and every one of the Ho Brothers including [HAS]”, and that HAS’ shares
be given to Peng Zuo.

45 Inter alia, the Plaintiffs have pleaded that:

(a) Consistently from the start of the family businesses, HSF, HSK and HST had
held their respective interests in the various businesses and properties (eg
HPK Enterprise, Syed Alwi Property and Invest Ho) on trust for all the Ho
Brothers (except HAS); 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No.1) at paras 6-17.

(b) Sometime around 2012, the Plaintiffs and the Defendants had discussed and
agreed that the shares in Invest Ho belonged equally to each and every one of
the Ho Brothers (including HAS) because Invest Ho had been built up as a
result of the contribution and efforts from all the Ho Brothers. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No.1) at para 18.

HAS had consented to this arrangement.

(c) The Plaintiffs had contributed their personal funds to Invest Ho over the
years, from 2007 to 2020, on the understanding that they were beneficial
owners of the Invest Ho shares; 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No.1) at para 16.

(d) The 2012 Agreement was documented; and in accordance with this agreement,
partial transfer of the shares was carried out by HSF sometime in March 2017.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No.1) at paras 18-20.

46 In light of the matters set out at [42] to [45] above, I am satisfied that
the Plaintiffs have pleaded the material facts necessary for their alternative
claim of a common intention constructive trust – and that the Defendants had
fair notice of the substance of the Plaintiffs’ claim. I should point out that
the Defendants’ defence is the same whether the Plaintiffs rely on an express
trust or a common intention constructive trust: as seen earlier, in essence,
the Defendants allege that they own all the shares in Invest Ho; that they do
not hold any shares on trust for the Plaintiffs; and that the Plaintiffs’
claims of having made contributions to Invest Ho are unfounded. I should also
point out, moreover, that this point on pleadings is not ultimately critical
in light of my decision on the main claim of an express trust (see [105]).

Issue 2: Whether the new allegations and evidence advanced by the Defendants
in their Closing Submissions may be considered by this Court

47 I next consider whether the new allegations and evidence advanced by the
Defendants in their Closing Submissions may be considered by this Court. At
the outset, I note that the Plaintiffs have argued that the Defendants are
precluded from advancing a positive case (ie that the Plaintiffs had agreed to
purchase the Invest Ho shares from HSF, first in 2012, and then in 2017). The
Plaintiffs argue that the Defendants have merely denied the claims of the
Plaintiffs but made no mention of the alleged sale.

48 Having reviewed the amended Defence filed by the Defendants, I find no
merit in the Plaintiffs’ argument on this point. It is clear from the Defence
that the Defendants did in fact plead that the transfer of shares from HSF to
the Plaintiffs was pursuant to a sale of the shares. I reproduce below the
material parts of the Defence for ease of reference: 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defence (Amendment No.2) at paras 11-12.

11\. …Soo Fong had transferred his shares, as part of the said sale of shares
to the Plaintiffs, in the following manner to the respective parties:

a. Soo Tong to have 310,000 shares;

b. Soo Whatt to have 310,000 shares;

c. Liew Leng to have 310,000 shares; and

d. Peng Zuo to have 310,000 shares.

12\. …The 1st and 2nd Defendant aver that no consideration and/or no monies
were paid by the Plaintiffs to the 1st Defendant for the alleged transfer of
shares (that which is denied). The particulars are as follows:

…

b. …Notably, no share scrips were issued to the Plaintiffs as the 1st
Defendant had not received any payment from the Plaintiffs for the said sale
of shares.

c. The consideration that is to be paid by each of them at that time was
$775,000.

…

e. At that time, although Soo Fong had not receive payment for the shares sold
to the Plaintiffs yet, Soo Fong was prepared to effect the transfer of his
shares first because the Plaintiffs were Soo Fong’s brothers and Soo Fong
trusted them completely.

…

49 Having regard to the above extract from the Defence, it is clear that there
is no basis for the Plaintiffs’ argument about the Defendants’ failure to
plead the alleged sale of the shares.

50 What is regrettably true, however, is that the Defendants attempted in
their Closing Submissions to introduce new allegations and purported new
evidence. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 32-51.

Most notably, the Defendants sought in their Closing Arguments to put forward
new arguments and purported new evidence pertaining to a property at 7 Jalan
Chorak. The Defendants claimed that they owned the property at 7 Jalan Chorak;
78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 4-6.

that this property was used as collateral to obtain an overdraft from OCBC;
that the OCBC overdraft was to be used according to HSF’s instructions; 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 4-6.

and that these funds partially contributed to the financing of many of the
other properties the Plaintiffs held, such as 1 Mactaggart Road 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 8.

and 25 and 27 Lor 104 Changi Road 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 13.

. The Defendants also sought to put in an entire sheaf of new exhibits by way
an Annex to their Closing Submissions. As noted earlier, these new exhibits
include documents such as land title deeds, a document titled “Deed of
Confirmation”, parts of what appears to be a mortgage loan document and
character testimonials for HSF from various sources. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 32-51.

51 I am unable to allow the Defendants to introduce new allegations and
purported new evidence at this late stage, as it causes significant prejudice
to the Plaintiffs.

52 It is trite law that a “court may not make a finding or give a decision
based on facts not pleaded and a finding or decision so made will be set
aside” (Wei Ho-Hung v Lyu Jun [2022] 2 SLR 1066 at [62]-[63]; China
Construction (South Pacific) Development Co Pte Ltd v Shao Hai [2004] 2 SLR(R)
479 (“China Construction”) at [26]; Lu Bang Song at [16]). This is in line
with the well-established principle that facts material to a party’s claim or
a party’s defence must be pleaded (Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd (in
receivership) v Intraco Ltd and others [1992] 2 SLR(R) 382 (“Multi-Pak”) at
[22]-[23]). As the High Court noted in UJT v UJR (at [48]):

“Material” means necessary for the purpose of formulating a complete cause of
action…And even if the facts are not material to the cause of action, they may
be facts that must be pleaded to avoid surprise at trial: see Millington v
Loring (1881) 6 QBD 190 at 195 per Lord Selbourne LC.

53 This principle is also encapsulated in O 18 r 7(1) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) which states:

Facts, not evidence, to be pleaded (O.18, r.7)

7.—(1) Subject to this Rule and Rules 10, 11 and 12, every pleading must
contain, and contain only, a statement in a summary form of the material facts
on which the party pleading relies for his claim or defence, as the case may
be, but not the evidence by which those facts are to be proved, and the
statement must be as brief as the nature of the case admits.

54 The rationale behind this principle is to define the issues in dispute
between the parties, so as to prevent surprises arising at trial (Lu Bang Song
at [17]; UJT v UJR at [48]) and to inform the opposing party in advance of the
case to be met, so that the opposing party would have adequate opportunity to
prepare and present his own case (China Construction at [26]; Multi-Pak at
[22]-[23]).

55 Departure from the general principle is permitted in limited circumstances.
While a court has the discretion to permit an unpleaded point to be raised,
this happens primarily where no prejudice is caused to the other party in the
trial or where it would be clearly unjust for the court not to give its
permission.

56 In Malayan Banking Bhd v ASL Shipyard Pte Ltd and others [2019] SGHC 61
(“Malayan Banking”), for example, a bank which had granted credit facilities
to a shipbuilder claimed an interest in a vessel known as Hull 1118 by virtue
of a debenture which created a fixed charge and a floating charge over the
shipbuilder’s undertaking. The defendants to the bank’s claim were parties who
had the benefit of the shipbuilding contract with the shipbuilder. One of the
preliminary issues which the court had to consider was whether the bank’s
claim was limited to Hull 1118, as the bank argued that its pleadings were
sufficient to claim an interest in both Hull 1118 and Hull 1117. In rejecting
the bank’s argument, the court held (at [42]) that the defendants would be
prejudiced if the bank’s claim were to be extended to Hull 1117, as the
defendants had quite reasonably taken the bank’s pleadings at face value, and
those pleadings had asserted a claim only in respect of Hull 1118 whereas Hull
1117 was referred to in merely as background. The court further noted (at
[43]) that the end of trial was too late an occasion for the bank to resile
from its pleaded position: allowing the bank to do so at that stage would have
deprived the defendants of all opportunity to rebut the bank’s case on Hull
1117 and would have caused them real prejudice.

57 In the present case, having reviewed the Defendants’ pleadings and also
their affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), while the Defendants did
allude very briefly in their pleaded Defence to challenging the Plaintiffs’
characterisation of the loan facilities obtained for Invest Ho’s benefit 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 10.

and while HSF did in his AEIC challenge the Plaintiffs’ ownership of the 25
and 27 Lorong 104 Changi Road properties 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

AEIC of HSF at paras 68-72.

, there was no mention in the Defendants’ pleadings or even in their AEICs of
the 7 Jalan Chorak property, nor of the allegation that the OCBC overdraft
obtained by the use of that property as collateral had been used by the
Defendants to pay for the properties held in the Plaintiffs’ name. In the
circumstances, it is plain that the Plaintiffs will sustain grave and
irreparable prejudice if the Defendants are allowed to put forward at the end
of trial new allegations and purported new evidence in respect of the 7 Jalan
Chorak property and the OCBC overdraft said to have been obtained from
providing the property as collateral. This is because the Plaintiffs will not
have had time to prepare their case properly to meet the Defendants’ claims
and to gather the necessary evidence to refute the purported new material
facts now put forth by the Defendants.

58 As for the purported new “exhibits” in the Annex to the Defendants’ Closing
Submissions, the relevance of most of the documents – such as the character
testimonials – appears to me to be seriously in doubt. Some of the documents
are not even legible. In any event, it is plain that allowing the Defendants
to introduce at the end of trial these purported new “exhibits” will cause
grave and irreparable prejudice to the Plaintiffs. This is because the
Plaintiffs will have had no opportunity to inspect, investigate and rebut the
purported new evidence at this very belated stage of proceedings.

59 For these reasons, I disallow the Defendants’ attempt to put forward in
their Closing Submissions new allegations and purported new evidence in
respect of the property at 7 Jalan Chorak and the OCBC overdraft said to have
been secured by the property. I also disallow the Defendants’ attempt to
introduce new “exhibits” by way of the Annex to their Closing Submissions.

60 As a final point, I should point out that even if the Defendants’ new
evidence and claims about the 7 Jalan Chorak property and OCBC overdraft
credit line are considered, they do not materially impact my findings in this
case and will not change the outcome. I explain in greater detail vis-à-vis
Issues 3 and 4 below.

Issue 3: Whether there was an express trust over the disputed shares in the
Plaintiffs’ favour, whereby each Plaintiff would be entitled to 416,666.67
shares in Invest Ho

61 I next address the issue of whether there was an express trust over the
disputed shares in favour of the Plaintiffs (and Peng Zuo), whereby each of
them would be entitled to 416,666.67 shares in Invest Ho. I first outline the
legal principles applicable to express trusts.

The law on express trusts

62 There are three certainties that must be present for the creation of an
express trust: certainty of intention; certainty of subject matter; and
certainty of the objects of the trust (Guy Neale and others v Nine Squares Pty
Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 1097 (“Guy Neale”) at [51]; The State-Owned Company
Yugoimport SDPR (also known as Jugoimport-SDPR) v Westacre Investments Inc and
other appeals [2016] 5 SLR 372 at [55]; TWG Tea Co Pte Ltd v Murjani Manoj
Mohan [2019] 5 SLR 366 (“TWG Tea”) at [41]).

63 The first certainty, certainty of intention, requires that there be proof
that a trust was intended by the settlor. This can be derived from what was
said or done by the settlor, and there must be clear evidence of an intention
to create a trust (Guy Neale at [52]). Per the CA in Guy Neale, no particular
form of expression is necessary for such an intention to be evinced. In
determining if there is certainty of intention, the focus of the courts is “on
whether it was possible and appropriate to infer an intention to create a
trust by looking at evidence not only of the alleged settlor’s words and
conduct, but also of the surrounding circumstances and the interpretation of
any agreements that might have been entered into” (Guy Neale at [58]).

64 In TWG Tea, for example, one of the issues before the court was whether the
ex-CEO of the plaintiff TWG Tea (one “Manoj”) held the domain name
www.twgtea.com on express trust for TWG Tea. The court found (at [41]-[53])
that there was certainty of intention to create a trust. In so finding, the
court had regard to evidence of a meeting between Manoj and other officers of
TWG Tea, where it was agreed to set up a separate entity for the tea business
named TWG Tea – and where Manoj informed the other officers that the domain
name “TWG Tea” was registered, even though he had registered the domain name
in his personal capacity previously. In the court’s view, the evidence showed
that Manoj “had regarded the Domain Name would and did belong to TWG Tea,
consistent with the parties’ intentions and agreement to treat it as such” (at
[43]). This was because Manoj had emailed the other officers to state that he
had “renewed our domain www.twgtea.com for 3 years”; he had registered other
domain names that benefitted TWG Tea and informed the other officers that
those other domains were “registered for us”; he had signed a declaration
letter stating that the domain www.twgtea.com was the property of TWG Tea and
that he would transfer the ownership of the domain name to TWG Tea; and TWG
Tea had invested significant time and resources in building the website at the
domain “TWG Tea”, and anchored all their online business activities there.

65 In contrast, in Lau Yaw Ben v Lau Ween Hion and another [2022] SGHC 130,
the court found (at [25]) that there was no express trust created in the
plaintiff’s favour over the disputed property, as the plaintiff had failed to
adduce any evidence in writing to support a declaration of such a trust – and
could only rely on his averments in his own affidavit to support the claim of
an express trust.

66 As for certainty of subject matter, this requires that the trust must
define with sufficient certainty the assets which are to be held on trust and
the kind of interest that the beneficiaries are to take in them. For the
definition to be sufficiently certain, it must enable the trustees or the
court to execute the trust according to the settlor’s intention (Guy Neale at
[59]).

67 The third certainty, certainty in the definition of the objects of the
trust, requires that the intended beneficiaries be identifiable, so that it is
possible to ascertain the people who have the standing to enforce the
trustee’s duties under the trust (Guy Neale at [60]).

Whether an express trust was created over the disputed shares pursuant to the
1995 Agreement

68 In the present case, the Plaintiffs posit first of all that it was pursuant
to the 1995 Agreement that an express trust was created over the disputed
shares in their favour (and Peng Zuo’s). I do not think this is correct. It is
clear from the Plaintiffs’ own pleadings that the 1995 Agreement did not
involve Peng Zuo or his late father HAS. The Plaintiffs’ pleaded position in
relation to the 1995 Agreement was that the Defendants would hold the shares
on trust for the Plaintiffs: ie, the 1995 Agreement excluded HAS and did not
contemplate him – or his son Peng Zuo – having any share of Invest Ho. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No.1) at para 11.

This being the case, the 1995 Agreement cannot constitute the basis of the
express trust which the Plaintiffs now claim the benefit of. This is because
per the Plaintiffs’ case, the express trust in this case includes 416,666.67
shares for Peng Zuo as well. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 32.

69 Further, and in any event, it is clear from the Plaintiffs’ own pleadings
and evidence that the 1995 Agreement was superseded by the 2012 Agreement, in
which it was agreed that Invest Ho belonged equally to each and every one of
the Ho Brothers, including HAS – and pursuant to which HAS consented to the
others’ proposal that his share of Invest Ho be given to his son Peng Zuo. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No.1) at para 18.

Whether an express trust was created over the disputed shares pursuant to the
2012 Agreement

Certainty of subject matter and certainty of object

70 I next consider, therefore, whether an express trust was created over the
disputed shares in the Plaintiffs’ (and Peng Zuo’s) favour pursuant to the
2012 Agreement. In this connection, I agree with the Plaintiffs that certainty
of subject matter and certainty of object are readily established. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 22.

In respect of subject matter, the alleged trust clearly centers around the
shares in Invest Ho; specifically, on the 416,666.67 shares which the
Plaintiffs assert each of them (and Peng Zuo) is entitled to. Certainty of
object is also not in issue because the intended beneficiaries of the alleged
trust are clearly identified – ie the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo.

Certainty of intention

71 Insofar as certainty of intention to create a trust is concerned, I have to
consider the Plaintiffs’ and Defendants’ competing versions of events in
respect of the 2012 Agreement, the 2017 share transfers, and the Plaintiffs’
alleged contributions to Invest Ho.

(1) The 2012 Agreement

72 I accept the Plaintiffs’ version of the 2012 Agreement and reject the 1st
and 2nd Defendants’ version. My reasons are as follows.

73 First, it will be recalled that the Plaintiffs’ version is that at a
meeting in 2012, they and the Defendants agreed that since Invest Ho had been
built up as a result of the contributions and efforts of all the Ho Brothers,
the shares in Invest Ho belonged equally to each and every one of the Ho
Brothers, including HAS; further, that HAS had given his consent to their
proposal that his (HAS’) share be given to his son Peng Zuo. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No.1) at para 18.

74 I find that the Plaintiffs’ version of events relating to the 2012
Agreement is corroborated by and consistent with the documentary evidence. In
particular, the 2012 Company Resolution which was signed by the Plaintiffs,
the Defendants and Peng Zuo expressly stated that it had been “agreed by all
parties during the meeting dated on the 7th of August, 2012, that all 2.5
million shares of Invest Ho Properties Pte Ltd [were] to be divided equally”
amongst the six of them. For ease of reference, I reproduce below the material
contents of the 2012 Company Resolution: 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

1ABOD at p 156.

Company Resolution (07-August-2012)

It was agreed by all parties during the meeting dated on the 7th of August,
2012, that all 2.5 million shares of INVEST-HO PROPERTIES PTE LTD are to be
divided equally amongst six (6) people, namely:-

\- Ho Soo Kheng

\- Ho Soo Tong

\- Ho Soo Fong

\- Ho Soo Whatt

\- Ho Liew Leng @ Edwin

\- Hoo Peng Zuo

The statement in the 2012 Company Resolution that all 2.5 million shares in
Invest Ho were to be “divided equally amongst” the six named individuals – and
the fact that all six individuals signed the document – clearly support the
Plaintiffs’ version of the 2012 Agreement.

75 Conversely, the documentary evidence is at odds with the Defendants’
version of the 2012 Agreement. It will be recalled that the Defendants claim
the agreement reached between the parties in 2012 was for the entire 2.5
million shares in Invest Ho to be split equally amongst the Plaintiffs, the
Defendants and Peng Zuo, “in exchange” for the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo paying
the Defendants a total amount of $4,166,666.67 (at $2.50 per share), within
six months of the shares being transferred. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AEIC of HSF at paras 41-42; Defence (Amendment No.2) at paras 11-12.

Critically, however, the 2012 Company Resolution fails to make any mention at
all of payment having to be made by the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo for their
shares. Further, the phrase “all 2.5 million shares… are to be divided
equally” is incongruous with the shares being sold to the Plaintiffs and Peng
Zuo at the price of $2.50 per share.

76 In addition, Peng Zuo – whom I find to be an honest witness without any
obvious axe to grind – gave evidence which supports the Plaintiffs’ version of
the 2012 Agreement. In his AEIC, Peng Zuo stated that in relation to the 2012
Agreement, he recalled being asked to attend a meeting at Invest Ho’s office,
which was also attended by his uncles (ie the three Plaintiffs and the two
Defendants). Peng Zuo stated that he was given the 2012 Company Resolution,
and that Edwin informed him that they had obtained HAS’s consent to give HAS’s
shares in Invest Ho to Peng Zuo. It was on the basis of this understanding
that Peng Zuo signed the document. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AEIC of Peng Zuo at paras 6-7.

Peng Zuo’s affidavit evidence is therefore consistent with the Plaintiffs’
version of events, where the Invest Ho shares were to belong equally to all
the Ho Brothers (with HAS’ portion going to Peng Zuo), and where the shares
were to be transferred to the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo without any payment.

77 Peng Zuo’s affidavit evidence regarding the 2012 Agreement was not
challenged in cross-examination by HSF. Peng Zuo further corroborated the
Plaintiffs’ version of the 2012 Agreement in cross-examination when he
asserted that he was not aware of any alleged agreement in 2012 for shares to
be sold to him and the Plaintiffs. I reproduce below the relevant portions of
Peng Zuo’s cross examination by HSF: 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript of 4 Oct at p 23 ln 4 to p 24 ln 10.

HSF: In your affidavit in-chief, you said in your para 6 - - paragraph 6 of
your affidavit in-chief, on page 2, you did attend a meetings at 1 MacTaggart
Road. So at that meeting, 2012, agreement was signed by Ho Soo Fong and Ho Soo
Kheng including the transfer form. At that times, I understand that we agreed
- - Ho Soo Fong and Ho Soo Kheng agreed to sell the share, but, of course, not
to the payment stage and these are to pay later. Do you aware that why Ho Liew
Leng, Ho Soo Tong and Ho Soo Whatt disagreed to send this document to
registration at that time 2012, the resolution share transfer was signed?
“Yes” or “no”.

Court: Sorry, you are telling him that when you and Ho Soo Kheng signed the
2012 agreement, what you agreed to was to sell the shares, payment to come
later; correct?

HSF: Payment never said anything but is understood that payment will pay
later.

Court: Okay, and you are also telling him that Ho Liew Leng, or Edwin, refused
to send the share transfer for registration?

HSF: He disagreed to send these for registration, the three of them.

Court: The “three of them”, the three plaintiffs?

HSF: Ho Liew Leng, Ho - - the three plaintiff. The plaintiff disagreed to send
for registration. Do you - -

Court: You are asking Mr Hoo Peng Zuo if he knows why the plaintiffs disagreed
about sending the share transfers for registration, it it?

HSF: Yes, your Honour.

Court: My Hoo, can you answer that question?

Peng Zuo: I’m not aware of that, ma’am.

78 While the Defendants have insisted that the 2012 Agreement involved the
Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo having to cough up a total amount of $4,166,666.67 “in
exchange” for the Invest Ho shares, it is telling that in his cross-
examination of Peng Zuo, HSF advanced the position that at the time of these
arrangements in 2012, “payment never said anything but is understood that
payment will come later”. This appeared to me to be a disingenuous attempt to
explain away the absence of any reference to payment in the 2012 Company
Resolution signed by all six individuals. Had there truly been a sale of
shares by the Defendants to the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo, it is entirely
unbelievable that a $4,166,666.67 sale price should have gone completely
unmentioned – especially when, on the Defendants’ own telling, this
significant amount was to have been paid “within 6 months of the day that the
shares were transferred”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AEIC of HSF at para 42; AEIC of HSK at para 35.

79 For the reasons set out above, I accept the Plaintiffs’ version of events
relating to the 2012 Agreement and reject the Defendants’ version. I should
add that the subsequent transfer of shares from HSF to the Plaintiffs and Peng
Zuo in 2017 provides further support for the Plaintiffs’ version of events and
militates against the Defendants’ story of an agreement to sell shares in
2012.

(2) The 2017 share transfers

80 The Plaintiffs’ case is that the 2017 share transfers represented parties’
efforts to give (at least partial) effect to the 2012 Agreement, which was in
gist an agreement that the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo each had beneficial
ownership of the same number of shares as each of the Defendants. The
Defendants, on the other hand, claim that the 2017 share transfers came about
as a result of HSF deciding to sell shares to the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo
following the allegedly abortive attempt at a sale in 2012.

81 I accept the Plaintiffs’ version of the 2017 share transfers and reject the
Defendants’ version. My reasons are as follows.

82 Firstly, the Plaintiffs’ version of events is largely consistent with the
documentary evidence relating to the 2017 share transfer. The signed share
transfer forms which were adduced in evidence showed that 310,000 shares were
to be transferred to HST, HSW, Edwin and Peng Zuo each. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

1ABOD at p 262-265.

These share transfer forms, which were dated 1 March 2017 described HSF as the
transferor in each case, while the Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo were described as
the transferees: ie, HSF was not described as the seller, nor were the
Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo described as the purchasers, of the shares.
Additionally, HSF and HSK signed a company resolution dated 1 March 2017 in
their capacity as directors of the company, approving of these transfers. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

1ABOD at p 266.

Again, no mention was made in this company resolution of a sale of the shares
by HSF. Certainly, nothing was said about a sale price to be paid by the
Plaintiffs and Peng Zuo for the shares transferred to them – much less the
sale price pleaded by the Defendants of $775,000 payable per person. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defence (Amendment No.2) at para 12(c).

83 Although each of the share transfer forms did refer to a “consideration” of
$4,030, the evidence adduced from the company secretary Mdm Chew revealed that
this figure was never intended by the parties to be the sale price payable per
person. From Mdm Chew’s evidence, it is clear that she was never told by HSF
or by anybody else that the shares were being sold to the Plaintiffs and Peng
Zuo; and she was certainly never told about a sale price of $775,000 payable
per person. Instead, per Mdm Chew’s evidence, HSF simply gave her the draft
accounts of the company, without mentioning a sale or a sale price of $775,000
per person. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Transcript of 13 October 2022 at p 7 ln 7 to p 8 ln 3.

Her understanding was that she needed to work out how much each share was
worth – which was what she proceeded to do, by taking the company’s net asset
value (“NAV”) of $32,487, dividing it by the total number of shares
(2,500,000), rounding up the figure of 0.01299 thus derived to 0.013, and then
multiplying that by the number of shares which each transferee was getting
(310,000). 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript of 13 October 2022 at p 7 ln 7 to p 8 ln 3 and p 31 ln 5 to p 32 ln
3.

Although the printed share transfer form itself contained the term
“consideration”, it did not appear that Mdm Chew understood the figure of
$4,030 to be the price at which each transferee was buying the shares.

84 More fundamentally, in any event, the Defendant’s pleaded case – and HSF’s
own evidence – was that each of the named transferees was to pay him $775,000
(not $4,030) as the purchase price of the shares transferred; and in this
connection, Mdm Chew testified that she did not recall being told that the
transferees were each to pay HSF $775,000 for their shares. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript of 13 Oct 2022 at p 35 ln 4 to ln 10.

I consider this highly damaging to the Defendants’ pleaded case: if there had
in fact been a sale of the shares by HSF at $775,000 each to the Plaintiffs
and Peng Zuo, it was astonishing – indeed, unbelievable – that HSF should have
said nothing about the sale or the sale price to Mdm Chew when he knew full
well that she was following up on the necessary documentation for the share
transfers.

85 For the record, I should make it clear that I reject HSF’s allegation that
nothing was handwritten on the share transfer forms at the time he signed them
and that the handwritten portions were “added in by the Plaintiffs to scam
[him] of [his] shares”. From Mdm Chew’s evidence, it was clear that she filled
in the handwritten portions of the forms – including the figure of $4,030; and
that she did so prior to getting the parties to sign the forms. Mdm Chew was
also firm in asserting that as part of her practice as company secretary, she
would never have given the parties blank printed forms to sign: instead, she
would have ensured that the forms were appropriately and accurately filled in
before getting the parties’ signatures. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript of 13 Oct 2022 at p 37 ln 1 to p 38 ln 4.

86 It should further be pointed out that the Defendants’ characterization of
the 2017 share transfers as another sale of shares 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

AEIC of HSF at paras 56-61.

was inconsistent with the documentary evidence put forward by the Defendants
themselves. For example, in replying to the letter of demand from the
Plaintiffs’ solicitors on 30 March 2020, HSF said nothing about a sale of the
shares to the Plaintiffs at the sale price of $775,000 each. Instead, HSF
expressly stated that the shares were given to the Plaintiffs on “good will
only subject to [the Plaintiffs]” being “grateful and hopefully they and their
children can jointly expanding the company bigger [sic]”. I reproduce below
the relevant passages from the said letter: 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

2ABOD at p 694-695.

3 Your paragraph 8, In so far I Ho Soo Fong did not hear any words from your
clients as regard to the shares refer to Invest Ho. It is me myself Ho Soo
Fong in personal opinion with good will due to Brothers at that times agreed
to give to your client’s shares and later I took back all their shares are
refer to the above paragraph 1.

a. I, HO SOO FONG transfer my shares to your clients are good will only
subject to your client are to be grateful and hopefully they and their
children can jointly expending the Company bigger.

b. I, Ho Soo Fong taken back all my shares from your clients are refer to your
client are ungrateful (refer to above paragraph 1)

c. I, HO Soo Fong did not take back my nephew’s shares are because he are
young and I believed he was being instigated by your client to ignored me and
further he did not put any action to against me anything.

4 Your paragraph 9, 10, 11 are not true and are a plan of cheat. Although
preliminary HO SOO KHENG agreed to give and later Ho Soo Kheng disagree are
due to his personal reason and opinion as regard to your clients bad
characters or bad behaviour.

[emphasis added]

From HSF’s letter, it is clear that the Defendants’ position when confronted
with the Plaintiffs’ letter of demand in March 2020 was that HSF had
transferred the shares to the Plaintiffs based on “goodwill”. From HSF’s
letter, it is also clear that as at March 2020, his stated reason for taking
back the shares from the Plaintiffs was because they had been “ungrateful” –
not because they had failed to pay him the sale price of $775,000 each, as he
later claimed at trial. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

AEIC of HSF at para 85.

87 HSF’s reply to the Plaintiffs’ letter of demand is also highly damaging to
the Defendants’ pleaded case, which asserts that the 2017 share transfers
constituted a sale of the shares by HSF. If HSF had in fact sold the
Plaintiffs’ 310,000 shares each at a price of $775,000 per person, and if he
had in fact taken back the shares because of their failure to pay the sale
price, it was again astonishing – indeed, unbelievable – that he should have
said nothing about this in his reply.

88 I should add that in his reply to the Plaintiffs’ letter of demand, HSF
included an attachment 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

2ABOD at p 697-718.

, which was essentially a rehash of an earlier letter sent to the Plaintiffs
on 11 August 2018. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

2ABOD at p 568-588.

Tellingly, however, although HSF leveled multiple accusations and allegations
against the Plaintiffs in that letter, there was no mention at all of a share
sale agreement or of a sale price of $775,000 payable from each of the
Plaintiffs. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

2ABOD at p 572-573.

89 Next, I find that Peng Zuo’s testimony also supports the Plaintiffs’
version of events in respect of the 2017 share transfers. In his AEIC, Peng
Zuo testified that during a visit to Singapore in or around end 2016, he was
told by his uncles (although he could not recall specifically which uncle)
that he would “be formally transferred shares from Invest Ho”; and he recalled
signing the share transfer form. During cross-examination, Peng Zuo maintained
his position, explaining that he came back somewhere around the end of 2016,
and he recalled that one of his uncles had asked him to sign the form. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript of 4 October 2022 at p 24 ln 21 to p 25 ln 14.

From Peng Zuo’s evidence, it was plain that he was not told that he would be
buying 310,000 Invest Ho shares at the price of $775,000. Moreover, as the
Plaintiffs have pointed out, there is no dispute that HSF never followed up to
demand payment from Peng Zuo for the $775,000, nor did HSF reclaim the shares
from Peng Zuo despite the lack of any payment. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 70.

Indeed, as the Plaintiffs has pointed out, in the event of a share sale, Peng
Zuo would not have been able to afford the purchase. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 72(c).

HSF was unable to offer any reasonable explanation for this point in cross-
examination. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 72(c).

90 Finally, I note that in her cross-examination, Mdm Chew confirmed that
before the share transfer forms were signed, she was present in a meeting with
HSF, HSW and Edwin. Mdm Chew testified that she did not recall any discussion
about payment of $775,000 having to be made to HSF for the share transfer. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript of 13 Oct 2022 at p 34 ln 18 to p 35 ln 10.

91 For the reasons set out above, I accept the Plaintiffs’ submission that the
2017 share transfers represented the parties’ efforts to put into effect (at
least partially) the 2012 Agreement regarding the beneficial ownership of the
Invest Ho shares.

(3) The contributions of HST, HSW and Edwin to Invest Ho

92 Next, I accept the Plaintiffs’ submission that collectively, they made
contributions to Invest Ho over the years and that these contributions
constituted evidence of the parties’ common understanding that the Ho Brothers
had equal beneficial ownership of the Invest Ho shares, which common
understanding was documented in the 2012 Agreement. My reasons are as follows.

93 First, it is not disputed that all three Plaintiffs have stood as personal
guarantors for a loan obtained by Invest Ho from Maybank. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 134-136; 2ABOD at p 454.

Second, the documentary evidence showed that from March 2007 to March 2020,
HST and Edwin had contributed, advanced and/or loaned personal funds amounting
to at least $4,479,111 to Invest Ho. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 122; 3ABOD at p 1438-1441; AEIC of HST
at p 122-204.

94 HST and Edwin also allowed their company M Design to take on a loan
facility of $3.2 million which was used for Invest Ho’s business purposes. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 125-130; 1ABOD at p 273-274;
Transcript of 13 Oct at p 134 ln 9 to ln 15.

In addition, HST and Edwin had mortgaged their personal properties (25 and 27
Lorong 104 Changi Road) so as to enable Invest Ho to obtain loans. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 131-132; 1ABOD at p 289-292.

95 In this connection, the Defendants argued that the monies contributed to
Invest Ho were entirely HSF’s and not the Plaintiffs’ 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at para 123; Transcript of 11 Oct at p 63 ln
23 to p 64 ln 15.

; that all the properties alleged used by the Plaintiffs for the benefit of
Invest Ho were really owned by the Defendants; and that the arrangement
amongst the Ho Brothers was for all the brothers to use the properties
according to HSF’s instructions. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 26, p 9 and p 13.

I do not find any merit in these arguments, as the Defendants were unable to
point to any concrete evidence to support their arguments.

96 Instead, the Defendants purport to rely on WhatsApp messages sent by HSF on
the family group chat 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

AEIC of HST at p 262-263.

and the 11 August 2018 letter sent by HSF to the Plaintiffs 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

AEIC of HST at p 239.

. The Defendants argue that because the Plaintiffs never raised any objections
to HSF’s assertion of ownership of the various properties in the WhatsApp
group chat and in his letter, this proves that the properties belonged to the
Defendants. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions at p 13-14 and p 25.

I find no merit in this argument. In my view, there was no reason for the
Plaintiffs to engage HSF vis-à-vis his WhatsApp messages and his 11 August
2018 letter because these communications were clearly the outpouring of a
great deal of anger and resentment by HSF against the Plaintiffs – a tirade,
in short. I do not think the Plaintiffs’ decision not to respond to such
communications could or should be taken as an indication of their agreement
with his accusations.

97 As for the new allegations and evidence which the Defendants tried to
introduce via their closing submissions, I have made clear my views and
findings on this matter (see [50]-[60] above).

98 In my view, the Plaintiffs’ contributions to Invest Ho constitute evidence
tending to support their claim of equal beneficial ownership of Invest Ho. In
the absence of a shared understanding as to this equal beneficial ownership,
there would have been no reason for the Plaintiffs to take on risks and
potential liabilities which only benefited Invest Ho.

99 In the interests of completeness, I should make it clear that in
considering the Plaintiffs’ contributions to Invest Ho, I did not ultimately
take into account HSW’s assertion that 82 Boundary Road had always been his
personal property and that his act of putting this property up as security for
a loan from LSH Capital to Invest Ho represented his personal contribution to
Invest Ho 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions at paras 137-138.

. In my view, the documentary evidence available tended to support the
Defendants’ contention that HSW had from the outset held 82 Boundary Road on
trust for them and that the trust was revoked only in order to comply with LSH
Capital’s requirements vis-à-vis the security to be put up for the loan. From
the records available, it would appear that although 82 Boundary Road was
transferred from the two Defendants to HSW pursuant to a sale and purchase
agreement, 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

1ABOD at p 61-64.

there was no documentary evidence of HSW actually paying the stipulated sale
price of $750,000. On the same day that the sale and purchase agreement was
executed (27 November 2002), HSW also signed a declaration of trust declaring
that he held 82 Boundary Road on trust for the Defendants, and that in the
event of a sale, he was to return to the Defendants the net profits from such
sale. This document was witnessed by a solicitor. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

1ABOD at p 65-66.

The exchanges which the solicitors conducting the conveyancing had with the
Commissioner for Stamp Duties further confirmed that no payment actually took
place. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

AEIC of HSF at p 269-271.

Additionally, while the parties subsequently executed statutory declarations
on 24 July 2018 declaring that HSW no longer held the property on trust for
the Defendants, it is suggestive that these statutory declarations came about
shortly after LSH Capital’s offer of the term loan facility to Invest Ho. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

2ABOD at p 551-553.

To my mind, the timing of these statutory declarations tends to support the
Defendants’ narrative, ie that they had retained beneficial ownership of 82
Boundary Road even after the sale and purchase agreement of 27 November 2002,
and had only executed the statutory declarations of 24 July 2018 in order to
facilitate the use of the property as security for the LSH Capital loan.

100 I should stress that given the evidence available of other contributions
by the Plaintiffs to Invest Ho (see [92]-[98] above), the views I express in
the preceding paragraph have no material effect on my finding that the
Plaintiffs did collectively contribute to Invest Ho.

(4) Certainty of intention to create a trust: Summary of findings

101 In light of my findings at [72]-[100] above in relation to the 2012
Agreement, the 2017 share transfers and the Plaintiffs’ contributions to
Invest Ho, I find that the Plaintiffs have established the element of
certainty of intention required for proving an express trust.

An express trust in favour of the Plaintiffs

102 In respect of the Plaintiffs’ claim of an express trust, therefore, my
findings are as follows:

(a) Pursuant to the 2012 Agreement, the Plaintiffs and the Defendants had
agreed that the Invest Ho shares were to be divided equally amongst the five
of them and Peng Zuo. The Defendants, as the registered shareholders, were to
hold the others’ shares on trust for them;

(b) The 2017 share transfers were carried out in order to honour and to
implement the 2012 Agreement. They were not carried out pursuant to an
agreement for the sale of the shares by HSF;

(c) The Plaintiffs made various contributions to Invest Ho over the years.
This supported their claim of equal beneficial ownership of Invest Ho, as they
would not have made these contributions if they had no beneficial interest at
all.

103 I add that although the word “trust” was not used by the Plaintiffs and
Defendants in a legal sense in the relevant documentation, this is not fatal
to the Plaintiffs’ claim of an express trust. After all, the CA has held in
Guy Neale (at [52]) that no particular form of expression is necessary to
establish an express trust.

104 As the three certainties of an express trust have been met in the present
case, I find that an express trust exists in favour of the Plaintiffs, such
that the Defendants hold on trust for each Plaintiff 416,666.67 shares in
Invest Ho.

Issue 4: Whether there was a common intention constructive trust in the
Plaintiffs’ favour, whereby each Plaintiff would be entitled to 416,666.67
shares in Invest Ho

105 Given my findings on the Plaintiffs’ claim of an express trust, it is not
necessary for me to make any findings on their alternative claim that a common
intention constructive trust arises over the disputed shares.

Conclusion

106 In conclusion, for the reasons given above, I allow the Plaintiffs’ claim
as follows. First, to recap, I find that an express trust did arise pursuant
to the 2012 Agreement, whereby it was agreed that the three Plaintiffs, the
two Defendants and Peng Zuo would each own an equal number of shares in Invest
Ho; further, that the Defendants – as the registered shareholders – would hold
the others’ shares on trust for them. I therefore grant the Plaintiffs’ prayer
for a declaration that each Plaintiff is the beneficial owner of 416,666.67
shares in Invest Ho.

107 In respect of the Plaintiffs’ prayer that the Defendants transfer to them
these shares, it is not practicable for me to order that the Defendants
transfer to each Plaintiff 416,666.67 Invest Ho shares. At the same time,
rounding up this figure to 416,667 shares each is not possible, simply because
there will not be enough shares to go around (there being a total of 2,500,000
issued shares in Invest Ho).

108 In the circumstances, I am of the view that the practical thing to do is
to order that the Defendants procure a capital reduction for the purpose of
cancelling four (4) Invest Ho shares. This will result in there being
2,499,996 Invest Ho shares, of which a 1/6 share works out to exactly 416,666
shares. No capital will be returned to the shareholders, which means that the
value of the four cancelled shares is absorbed equally into the 416,666 shares
that make up each equal 1/6 share that the Plaintiffs and the Defendants (as
well as Peng Zuo) are each beneficially entitled to.

109 I add that this exercise of rounding-down should not in my view prejudice
any of the parties because the value of the four shares to be cancelled should
be de minimis. On the basis of the previously reported NAV of Invest Ho
($32,487 – see [83] above), one share would be worth $0.013. Even if a higher
value were arguably to be attributed to the Invest Ho shares, given that each
party’s 1/6 share of Invest Ho is being rounded down by only 0.667 shares, I
remain of the view that there is no prejudice to the parties.

110 I also make the following directions in respect of the transfer of shares
by the Defendants to the Plaintiffs:

(a) Following the cancellation of four shares of Invest Ho, the Defendants are
jointly to transfer to each of the Plaintiffs 416,666 Invest Ho shares;

(b) The Defendants may decide as between themselves the number of Invest Ho
shares which each Defendant is to transfer to each Plaintiff;

(c) The costs and expenses of the transfer (including any stamp duty) shall be
jointly borne by the Defendants;

(d) The Defendants are to complete the process of cancelling four Invest Ho
shares and transferring 416,666 Invest Ho shares to each Plaintiff within four
(4) weeks from today;

(e) In the event that the Defendants fail to do so within the stipulated four
weeks from today, having regard to the provisions of O 45 rule 8 of the Rules
of Court (Cap. 332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed), and s 14 of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap. 322) (“SCJA”), the Registrar and/or any Assistant
Registrar of the Supreme Court of Singapore shall be empowered to execute all
necessary documents on the Defendants’ behalf;

(f) Pending the completion of the transfer of Invest Ho shares to the
Plaintiffs, the Defendants are not to encumber or dispose of the Invest Ho
shares registered in their names;

(g) Pending the completion of the transfer of Invest Ho shares to the
Plaintiffs, the Defendants are not to issue any new Invest Ho shares;

(h) The Plaintiffs and the Defendants have liberty to apply to court in
respect of the working out of the transfer of the Invest Ho shares.

111 In respect of Peng Zuo, he currently has 310,000 Invest Ho shares
registered in his name. Given that he is not a party to this suit, I make no
orders in relation to his shareholding position. It remains open to him to
seek legal advice on his next steps (if any).

112 As the Plaintiffs have succeeded in making out their case for an equal 1/6
share each of the Invest Ho shares, costs should follow the event; and I
therefore award the Plaintiffs the costs of the proceedings, to be paid by the
Defendants. Costs are to be taxed if not agreed between the parties within two
weeks from today.

Mavis Chionh Sze Chyi  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Sim Puay Jain Edwin (Lexton Law Corporation), Muk Chen Yeen Jonathan and Clara
Lim Ai Ying (LVM Law Chambers) (assisting) for the 1st, 2nd and 3rd
plaintiffs;

The 1st and 2nd defendants in person;

The 3rd defendant absent and unrepresented.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 06 Apr 2023 (17:50 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

