Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 352

Originating Claim No 385 of 2023

(Registrar’s Appeal No 193 of 2023)

Between

(1)| Tan Wei Heng Kelvin  
---|---  
(2)| Langgeng Sugiarto  
  
… Claimants

And

(1)| Tok Beng Tong  
---|---  
(2)| Hendro Tok  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Conflict of Laws — Natural forum — Stage one of Spiliada test]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Wei Heng Kelvin and another

  
v

  

Tok Beng Tong and another

[2023] SGHC 352

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 385 of 2023
(Registrar’s Appeal No 193 of 2023)  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
27 September 2023

12 December 2023 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 The claimants and the defendants in HC/OC 385/2023 (“OC 385”) are parties
based across at least three different jurisdictions in Southeast Asia. They
entered into an oral agreement on 8 October 2012 for the claimants to invest
in a mixed-use development known as the Permas City Development located in
Johor Bahru, Malaysia (the “Permas City Development”). The terms of the oral
agreement form the subject of strenuous contention by the parties in OC 385,
but it is not disputed that pursuant to this agreement the claimants had on
the same day paid an investment sum of RM2,307,744.74 to a Malaysian-
registered company (of which the first defendant is a director and majority
shareholder) which was the main developer for the Permas City Development. In
OC 385, the claimants assert that the defendants had breached the terms of the
oral agreement between them, including by failing to ensure that the
construction of the Permas City Development would be completed in a profitable
manner and by failing to repay the investment sum of RM2,307,744.74 to the
claimants. The claimants also bring an alternative claim in the tort of
negligence alleging that the defendants had made certain representations as to
the guaranteed profitability of investing in the Permas City Development and
that the defendants had breached their duty of care by failing to advise and
inform the claimants of the risks involved before the parties had entered into
the oral agreement on 8 October 2012.

2 In response, the defendants filed a defence stating that the Singapore
courts should not exercise their jurisdiction to hear the action and that all
proceedings in OC 385 should be stayed. In HC/SUM 2259/2023 (“SUM 2259”), the
defendants applied for a stay of the proceedings in OC 385 in favour of the
Malaysian courts on the sole ground of forum non conveniens. HC/RA 193/2023
(“RA 193”) is the defendants’ appeal against the whole of the learned
Assistant Registrar’s (the “AR”) decision to dismiss the application in SUM
2259.

Facts

The parties

3 The first claimant in OC 385 is Mr Tan Wei Heng Kelvin (“Mr Tan”), a
Singapore citizen. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Tan Wei Heng Kelvin dated 14 August 2023 at para 16.

The second claimant is Mr Langgeng Sugiarto (“Mr Sugiarto”), who is Mr Tan’s
father-in-law. Mr Sugiarto is an Indonesian citizen and resides in Indonesia.
I refer to Mr Tan and Mr Sugiarto collectively as “the Claimants”. The
Claimants describe in the Statement of Claim that they are in the business of
investing in property developments throughout Southeast Asia. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim dated 14 June 2023 (“SOC”) at para 1.

4 The first defendant is Mr Tok Beng Tong (referred to by the parties as “Mr
Jonathan Tok”), a Singapore permanent resident and a Malaysian citizen. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 7.

Mr Jonathan Tok is also a director and majority shareholder of a company
registered in Malaysia known as Buana Tunggal Sdn Bhd (“Buana Tunggal”), the
principal activities of which are property investment and property
development. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 9.

5 The second defendant, Mr Hendro Tok, is a Malaysian citizen and resides in
Malaysia. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 8.

He is Mr Jonathan Tok’s father. The Claimants assert that Mr Hendro Tok is
head of a group of companies named the Interasia Group to which Buana Tunggal
belongs. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at para 3.

I refer to the first and second defendants collectively as “the Defendants”.
While I note that the Defendants in their supporting affidavit have neither
confirmed nor denied this as a fact; they nonetheless acknowledge that “[Mr
Hendro Tok] (through Buana Tunggal) was intending to construct and develop
[the Phase Two development]” [emphasis added]. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 15.

This provides some suggestion that regardless of his precise role in the
Interasia Group and/or Buana Tunggal, Mr Hendro Tok certainly enjoyed some
degree of influence in Buana Tunggal.

Background to the dispute

The oral agreement made on 8 October 2012

6 It is not disputed that Mr Hendro Tok and Mr Sugiarto were long-time friends
and this formed part of the context to the parties’ business relationship.

7 On or around 8 October 2012, the Claimants entered into an oral agreement
with the Defendants (the “Oral Agreement”) concerning investment in Phase Two
of the Permas City Development, which was a mixed-use development located in
Johor Bahru, Malaysia. The main developer of the Permas City Development was
Buana Tunggal. The Permas City Development was intended to have the following
phases:

(a) The construction of a hypermarket at Lots 385, 2112 and 2114 (“Phase
One”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 15(a).

(b) The construction of commercial blocks A and B, and food bazaar block C,
which included a multi-storey car park and a hotel block (“Phase Two”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at paras 5-6.

8 It is not disputed that a sum of RM2,307,744.74 was paid by Mr Sugiarto to
Buana Tunggal via telegraphic transfer on 8 October 2012, being the investment
sum of RM8,263,313.40 under the Oral Agreement (the “Investment Sum”) less an
agreed set-off of RM5,955,568.66. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at para 17; Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 25.

9 The Defendants do not dispute that there was an agreement between the
parties but they dispute the material terms of the Oral Agreement. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 61.

The dispute as to the material terms of the Oral Agreement is set out in
greater detail below.

The parties’ dispute in OC 385

10 As it turned out, the construction of Phase Two of the Permas City
Development (“the Phase Two development”) became riddled with delays and
issues, including (a) the insolvency of and multiple changes in the main
contractors of the Phase Two development, (b) movement control orders imposed
by the Malaysian government in response to the COVID-19 pandemic from March
2020 onwards, and (c) the theft of copper wires and elevator equipment from
the construction site. Furthermore, as a result of the aforesaid construction
delays, the Defendants say that several purchasers of the commercial units in
the Phase Two development had brought claims in the Malaysian courts for
liquidated damages potentially amounting to a total of RM18,435,993.64 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 52.

against Buana Tunggal pursuant to the terms of the sales and purchase
agreements entered into between Buana Tunggal and these purchasers.

11 On or around 14 December 2023, Mr Jonathan Tok informed Mr Tan that the
Phase Two development was a failed project. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at para 35.

12 In OC 385, the Claimants allege that Mr Jonathan Tok had prepared a
financial analysis calculating the projected development costs of the Phase
Two development (the “Financial Analysis”). The Claimants further allege that
based on the Financial Analysis, the parties agreed that the Claimants would
invest 20% of the expected cash outlay in the scenario where the units were
sold at slightly below market price (ie, amounting to the Investment Sum of
RM8,263,313.40), in exchange for a 20% share in the expected net profits of
between RM44,232,896.80 and RM48,888,991.20, as and when such profits were
earned by Buana Tunggal. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at paras 12-16.

The Claimants claim that the Defendants breached the Oral Agreement by: (a)
failing to ensure and/or take reasonable care to construct the Phase Two
development in a manner that allowed Buana Tunggal to receive net profits of
RM44,232,896.80 to RM48,888,991.20; (b) failing to provide the Claimants with
20% of all profits earned by Buana Tunggal from the Phase Two development to-
date, as and when such profits were earned by Buana Tunggal; and (c) failing
to repay the Investment Sum to the Claimants to-date, despite construction of
the Phase Two development having been completed (collectively, the “Contract
Claim”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 36.

13 Further and/or in the alternative, the Claimants allege that the Defendants
owed the Claimants a duty of care in advising, warranting and representing
that the Phase Two development would be a safe investment with guaranteed
profits, and that the Defendants (individually and collectively) between 27
October 2011 and 8 October 2012 breached their duty of care by failing to
advise and inform the Claimants of the risks involved in the Phase Two
development (the “Negligence Claim”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SOC at paras 38-41.

The Claimants further allege that they have suffered loss and damage from the
Defendants’ breach of the Oral Agreement and/or breach of their duty of care.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC at para 42.

14 The Defendants have not filed a defence on the merits but have filed and
served a defence challenging the jurisdiction of the court on the ground that
the Singapore courts should not exercise their jurisdiction to hear the
action. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defence (Jurisdiction) dated 6 July 2023.

15 Nonetheless, Mr Jonathan Tok’s affidavit dated 27 July 2023 sets out in
greater detail the Defendants’ position on the merits of the claims in OC 385.
Broadly speaking, in relation to the Contract Claim, the Defendants dispute
the material terms of the Oral Agreement as pleaded by the Claimants. The
Defendants allege that:

(a) The parties agreed for the Claimants’ entitlement to a stake or interest
in the Phase Two development to be assessed on a pro-rated basis, ie based on
the Claimants’ investment amount versus the actual (as opposed to projected)
total cash outlay for the costs of completing the Phase Two development, which
would only be finalised after all the units in the Phase Two development had
been sold. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 32.

(b) There is no breach of the Oral Agreement between the parties as the total
development costs as well as the total cash outlay of the Phase Two
development cannot be ascertained as yet, due to the remaining unsold units as
well as the potential total liquidated damages claim being brought by the
purchasers of the commercial units (see [10] above). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 62.

16 By the same token as (a) above, the Defendants also take the position that
the Claimants would be liable for their proportionate share of the losses
based on their aforementioned “stake” in the Phase Two development, should the
Phase Two development subsequently turn out to be unprofitable. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 33.

The Defendants therefore state that they intend to counterclaim against the
Claimants for the Claimants’ proportionate share of the losses should the
Phase Two development turn out to be unprofitable, and will be seeking the
taking of accounts for the Phase Two development and/or for damages to be
assessed (the “Intended Counterclaim”). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 64.

17 In relation to the Negligence Claim, the Defendants contend that (a) no
such warranties and/or representations as pleaded by the Claimants were made
by the Defendants; (b) no duty of care arises as Mr Sugiarto was an
experienced businessman and property developer; (c) there was no voluntary
assumption of responsibility by the Defendants to the Claimants; and (d) the
Claimants had relied on their own calculated judgment in entering the Oral
Agreement. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 65.

Key issues to be determined in OC 385

18 From the foregoing, the parties have identified that the issues which a
court would have to determine at the trial are the following: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Affidavit of Tan Wei Heng Kelvin dated 14 August 2023 at para 12; affidavit of
Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 66.

S/N| Issue  
---|---  
The alleged representations  
1| Did the Defendants make certain representations in the period between
October 2011 to November 2011 when the Claimants visited Malaysia that the
Claimants would be guaranteed to enjoy returns on their investment in the
Phase Two development? 25

##### Foot Note 25

× SOC at para 9; affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 18.  
2| Did the Defendants (individually or collectively) at any time between
October 2011 and October 2012 make representations, whether verbally or in
writing, guaranteeing that the Phase Two development would be profitable
and/or guaranteeing any rate of return of investment on the Phase Two
development? 26

##### Foot Note 26

× SOC at paras 8 and 15; affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at
paras 19 and 26.  
The Contract Claim and the Intended Counterclaim  
3| What are the terms of the Oral Agreement between the Defendants and the
Claimants? In particular, the following sub-issues arise:  
(a)| Is it a term of the Oral Agreement that the Claimants would be entitled
to receive 20% of all profits earned by Buana Tunggal from the Phase Two
development, as and when such profits were earned by Buana Tunggal? 27

##### Foot Note 27

× SOC at para 16(d); affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 27.  
(b)| Is it a term of the Oral Agreement that the Defendants warranted and/or
agreed that they would take reasonable care to ensure that construction of the
Phase Two development would be completed in a manner that resulted in Buana
Tunggal earning approximately net profits of RM44,232,896.80 to
RM48,888,991.20? 28

##### Foot Note 28

× SOC at para 16(c); affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 28.  
(c)| Is it a term of the Oral Agreement that the Defendants would repay in
full the Claimant’s Investment Sum of RM8,263,313.40 to the Claimants once
construction of the Phase Two development was completed? 29

##### Foot Note 29

× SOC at para 16(e); affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 28.  
(d)| Is it an implied term of the Oral Agreement that the Claimants would be
liable for all proportionate losses in the Phase Two development, should the
Phase Two development subsequently turn out to be unprofitable? 30

##### Foot Note 30

× Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 33.  
4| Having determined the terms of the Oral Agreement, was there a breach of
the Oral Agreement by the Defendants (in the Contract Claim) or by the
Claimants (in the Intended Counterclaim)? The following sub-issues also arise:  
(a)| Did the Defendants take reasonable care to ensure that the construction
of the Phase Two development would be completed in a manner that results in
Buana Tunggal earning approximately net profits of RM44,232,896.80 to
RM48,888,991.20?  
(b)| If the Defendants’ position that the Claimants’ “stake” in the Phase Two
development should be assessed on a pro-rated basis (see [15(a)] above) is
accepted, what is the Claimants’ assessed interest in the Phase Two
development?  
(c) | Further and/or in the alternative, the taking of accounts for the Phase Two development.  
The Negligence Claim  
5| Did the Defendants owe the Claimants a duty of care (a) when advising,
warranting and representing that the Phase Two development would be a safe
investment with guaranteed profits and (b) to advise and inform the Claimants
of the risks involved in the Phase Two development?  
6| Second, if a duty of care exists on the facts, did the Defendants breach
their duty of care to the Claimants?  
  
19 The parties also agree that the main issue in the action relates to the
terms of the Oral Agreement made between the Defendants and the Claimant on 8
October 2012. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 37.

Procedural history

20 By SUM 2259 filed on 27 July 2023 the Defendants applied to court for a
stay of the proceedings in OC 385 on the sole ground of forum non conveniens.
The Defendants say that Malaysia is the more appropriate forum for the
proceedings, and seek the following orders: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

HC/SUM 2259/2023 dated 27 July 2023.

(a) That all proceedings in this action be stayed.

(b) Costs of SUM 2259 to be paid by the Claimants to the Defendants.

(c) Such further relief, orders and directions be given as the court deems
fit.

21 SUM 2259 was heard before the Assistant Registrar (“AR”) on 6 September
2023. The Defendants’ application for a stay of proceedings was dismissed. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE 6 September 2023 at p 11 (lines 26-28).

On 11 September 2023, the Defendants filed their notice of appeal against the
whole of the AR’s decision. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Notice of Appeal dated 11 September 2023.

Decision below

22 The AR first accepted the Claimants’ identification of the five issues
which arise for determination at trial, as follows:

(a) What are the terms of the Oral Agreement between the parties.

(b) Consequently, whether the Defendants have breached any of those terms.

(c) What is the quantification of the loss suffered by the parties, where
applicable, by way of the taking of accounts or otherwise.

(d) Further and in the alternative to the first issue, whether the Defendants
owed the Claimants a duty of care in relation to the Phase Two development.

(e) If the Defendants are found to have owed the Claimants a duty of care,
whether the Defendants breached it. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE 6 September 2023 at pp 9 (line 29) to 10 (line 5).

23 Applying the first stage of the test in Spiliada Maritime Corporation v
Cansulex Ltd (The Spiliada) [1987] AC 460 (“Spiliada”), the AR did not find,
on balance, Malaysia to be a more appropriate forum for the determination of
the proceedings. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 6 September 2023 at p 12 (lines 13-15).

24 The AR observed that the most significant plank of the Defendants’ case on
the applicable connecting factors appeared to be that the Permas City
Development project is situated in Malaysia, the witnesses and documents in
relation to the project are situated in Malaysia, and that the witnesses are
compellable only by the Malaysian courts. However, the AR took the view that
these connecting factors pointing to Malaysia would only relate to one out of
the five identified issues above for determination at the trial, and the
witnesses and documents are not likely to be of assistance in the
determination of the issues relating to proving the terms of the Oral
Agreement between the parties. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE 6 September 2023 at pp 11 (line 33) to 12 (line 4).

Furthermore, the AR accepted the Claimants’ argument that most, if not all, of
the documents relating to the Permas City Development project would be in the
electronic form to be a reasonable one. The Claimants also argued that the
Defendants would have access to these documents by virtue of their positions
in Buana Tunggal and the corporate group to which it belongs. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 6 September 2023 at p 10 (lines 23-28).

Thus, the AR considered that while witness compellability was an important
factor, it could not outweigh the significance of the other connecting factors
to Singapore in this case.

25 Turning to the connecting factors which pointed to Singapore, the AR
considered that these were as follows: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE 6 September 2023 at p 12 (lines 8-11).

… It is not disputed that the physical meetings between the parties took place
mainly in Singapore and in my view, it is likely that any oral agreement will
be concluded between the parties in Singapore. If so, the governing law of the
oral agreement, unless otherwise expressly agreed, will naturally be Singapore
law.

26 The AR also considered that the personal connections factor, with regard to
the parties’ respective citizenship and ordinary residence, was at best
neutral. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 6 September 2023 at p 12 (lines 6-8).

27 On balance, therefore, the AR did not find Malaysia to be the more
appropriate forum and there was no need to proceed to consider the second
stage of the Spiliada test. The AR also ordered the Defendants to pay the
Claimants the costs of the application in SUM 2259 at S$9,000 (all-in). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE 6 September 2023 at p 13 (lines 1-2).

Parties’ arguments on appeal

28 The Defendants submit that the claims have closer connections to Malaysia,
as: (a) both Defendants are Malaysian citizens; (b) Buana Tunggal is a
Malaysian company; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at paras 26-32.

(c) all the project documents relating to the Permas City Development are
located only in Malaysia; 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at paras 53-54.

and (d) the witnesses that the Defendants intended to call are only available
and compellable in Malaysia. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at paras 37-38; 42-43.

On appeal, the Defendants further submit that Malaysian law governs the Oral
Agreement. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at paras 56, 59-60.

The Defendants allege that the key decision makers in negotiating and entering
the Oral Agreement were Mr Sugiarto and Mr Hendro Tok, who were both not in
Singapore at all material times. Any communications between Mr Sugiarto and Mr
Hendro Tok would have been made by telephone conversation and/or social visits
by the Claimants to Malaysia, with Mr Tan and Mr Jonathan Tok being asked by
their respective key decision makers to assist in the necessary follow up
work. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at paras 59-60;
affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at paras 17 and 69.

29 The Claimants rely on substantially the same submissions as they did when
SUM 2259 was heard before the learned AR. The Claimants submit that their
claims are more closely connected to Singapore, since: (a) the first claimant
is a Singapore citizen, the first defendant is a Singapore permanent resident,
and the second claimant is willing to attend and testify in Singapore court
proceedings; 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Claimants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 4.

(b) many of the physical meetings between Mr Tan and Mr Jonathan Tok took
place in Singapore; (c) Mr Tan suffered damage in Singapore; (d) Singapore law
applies by default as the Defendants did not plead that Malaysian law applies,
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Claimants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 4.

and; (c) the shape of the litigation is in favour of the Singapore courts, as
most of the claims relate to the Oral Agreement, which was concluded in
Singapore and would be governed by Singapore law. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Claimants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 10.

30 The Claimants also submit that little weight should be given to the
Malaysian connecting factors. First, the Defendants’ witnesses would be
limited to evidence of the delays in the Phase Two construction, rather than
the actual breach of contractual or tortious duties by the Defendants
themselves. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Claimants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 6.

Furthermore, the progress and delays to the Phase Two development would have
already been captured by documentary evidence; for instance, minutes of
meetings and correspondence. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Claimants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 7.

The Claimants further submit that various witnesses whom the Defendants intend
to call—being the architect representative, project managers of the first,
second and third main contractors, a quantity surveyor and engineers involved
in the Phase Two development—would not require to be compelled to attend court
to give evidence as their interests would be aligned with that of the
Defendants and of Buana Tunggal. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Claimants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 8.

Second, the Claimants reiterate that the documents relating to the Phase Two
development are most likely to have been stored and circulated in electronic
form, which the Defendants would have easy access to, as they occupy key
positions in Buana Tunggal and the corporate group to which it belongs. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Claimants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 9.

The applicable legal principles

31 The applicable legal principles are well-settled and not disputed by the
parties.

32 As the Court of Appeal explained in Rappo, Tania v Accent Delight
International Ltd and another and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 265 (“Rappo”) at
[68]–[72]), the Spiliada test involves two stages:

(a) First, the court considers whether, prima facie, there is some other
available forum which is more appropriate for the case to be tried (“Stage
One”). Under Stage One, the court searches for those incidences (or
connections) that have the most relevant and substantial associations with the
dispute. Factors that may be considered include: (i) the personal connections
of the parties and witnesses; (ii) connections to relevant events and
transactions; (iii) the applicable law to the dispute; (iv) the existence of
proceedings elsewhere; and (v) the shape of the litigation. The process is not
mechanical; a court has to take into account an entire multitude of factors in
balancing the competing interests: see also Rickshaw Investments Ltd and
another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“Rickshaw
Investments”) at [15].

(b) Second, if the court concludes that there is a more appropriate forum,
then the court will ordinarily grant a stay unless there are circumstances by
reason of which justice requires that a stay should nonetheless not be granted
(“Stage Two”).

33 In Rappo, the Court of Appeal further emphasised (at [70] and [72]) that it
is the quality of the connecting factors that is crucial in this analysis,
rather than the quantity of factors on each side of the scale. Ultimately, the
lodestar for a court tasked with identifying the natural forum is whether any
of the connections point towards a jurisdiction in which the case may be
“tried more suitably for the interests of all the parties and for the ends of
justice” (citing Lord Goff of Chieveley in Spiliada at 476).

Issues to be determined

34 In the light of the foregoing, the issues before me are:

(a) Whether Malaysia is the more appropriate forum.

(b) If Malaysia is the more appropriate forum, whether there are circumstances
by reason of which justice requires that a stay should nonetheless not be
granted.

Whether Malaysia is the more appropriate forum

35 At Stage One of the Spiliada test, the burden is on the Defendants to
demonstrate that there is another available forum which is clearly or
distinctly more appropriate than Singapore (CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort
Ltd [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 (“CIMB Bank”) at [26]).

36 I address the connecting factors in turn before concluding on Stage One of
the Spiliada test.

Connections to events and transactions

The Phase Two development is located in Malaysia

37 In the main, I agree with the Defendants’ submission that performance of
the Oral Agreement, being the investment in the construction of the Phase Two
development, was contemplated by the parties to substantially take place in
Malaysia. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 28.

The transaction, the subject of the Oral Agreement, (ie, the Claimants’
payment of the Investment Sum) was made by the Claimants not to the Defendants
but to the Malaysian-registered company Buana Tunggal (see [8] above), which
was the main developer for the Phase Two development. Furthermore, the
underlying subject matter of the Oral Agreement relates to the construction of
a development that is located in Malaysia. To my mind, these transactions and
events are undoubtedly relevant to the dispute at hand revolving primarily on
a claim for breach of the Oral Agreement, and provide a clear and meaningful
connecting factor pointing to Malaysia.

The physical meetings in Singapore

38 The Claimants point to the following three events and transactions which
they say point to Singapore as the appropriate forum: (a) first, that many of
the physical meetings between Mr Tan and Mr Jonathan Tok took place in
Singapore, save for two site visits to Malaysia between October to November
2011; (b) second, that Mr Sugiarto’s “historical dealings” with Mr Hendro Tok
had always been based in Singapore; and (c) third, Mr Tan has suffered damage
in Singapore, being a citizen and resident of Singapore. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Claimants’ written submissions at paras 57-64.

I address each in turn.

39 I do not consider the fact that physical meetings between Mr Tan and Mr
Jonathan Tok took place in Singapore to be a strong factor pointing in favour
of Singapore. The Claimants allege that there were various meetings in
Singapore between these two parties between October 2011 to October 2012 prior
to the Oral Agreement being entered into. They further allege that certain
representations at issue (see S/N 2 at [18] above) as to the Phase Two
development were made verbally and in writing by Mr Jonathan Tok to Mr Tan
during these meetings in Singapore. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

SOC at para 15; affidavit of Tan Wei Heng Kelvin dated 14 August 2023 at para
19.

Additionally, after the Oral Agreement was entered into, more meetings between
Mr Tan and Mr Jonathan Tok continued to take place in Singapore from October
2012 to 2022 as there were requests for information and documents relating to
the Phase Two development. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Claimants’ written submissions at para 59.

40 However, as seen from [3] to [5] above, the parties resided and did
business in various jurisdictions. While Mr Tan and Mr Jonathan Tok did meet
in Singapore on various occasions to discuss and sort out arrangements
relating to the Oral Agreement, I accept that any other communications between
Mr Sugiarto and Mr Hendro Tok (and as between these two parties and Mr Tan
and/or Mr Jonathan Tok) must necessarily have been made by telephone
conversations and/or electronic means, given that they were all residing in
different jurisdictions at all material times. Furthermore, I accept that
there is some suggestion that Mr Sugiarto and Mr Hendro Tok played a more
significant role as the key decision makers behind the investment in the Phase
Two development, with Mr Tan and Mr Jonathan Tok simply asked to assist with
the matter. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 17.

By the Claimants’ account, it was Mr Hendro Tok who had solicited the
investment opportunity leading to the Oral Agreement from Mr Sugiarto, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

SOC at para 5.

whereas by the Defendants’ account, it was Mr Sugiarto who had approached Mr
Hendro Tok on his own accord. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 16.

If such was the case, then the fact that Mr Tan and Mr Jonathan Tok met in
Singapore would all the more have been a matter of convenience for the parties
as a whole.

41 Therefore, I consider the fact that certain meetings between Mr Tan and Mr
Jonathan Tok took place in Singapore could not, without more, establish a
clear nexus to Singapore.

The Claimants’ remaining two factors

42 The Claimants have also pointed to Mr Sugiarto’s “historical dealings” with
Mr Hendro Tok which they say have always been based in Singapore. By
“historical dealings” the Claimants appear to be referring to the history of
previous business dealings between Mr Sugiarto and Mr Hendro Tok and the
manner in which they became friends over the years. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Affidavit of Tan Wei Heng Kelvin dated 14 August 2023 at paras 17-18;
affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at paras 11-12.

In support of their assertion that these previous business dealings took place
in Singapore, the Claimants exhibited screenshots of the Interasia Group’s
website, by which they meant to persuade the court that Buana Tunggal is part
of the larger corporate group known as the Interasia Group that operates out
of Singapore. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Affidavit of Tan Wei Heng Kelvin dated 14 August 2023 at para 17.

As noted at [5] above, the Claimants also allege that Mr Hendro Tok is head of
the Interasia Group. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

SOC at para 3.

However, apart from these screenshots which, I would note, do not shed light
in any way on the previous business dealings between Mr Sugiarto and Mr Hendro
Tok, the Claimants have not otherwise substantiated the bare assertion that
such previous dealings took place in Singapore, or even given particulars of
the dealings. In any event, whether such “historical dealings” took place in
Singapore or not is not entirely relevant to the circumstances surrounding the
inception of the Oral Agreement. It is not disputed that the Oral Agreement
was made orally and there is no suggestion that Mr Sugiarto or Mr Hendro Tok
was in Singapore at the material time. I therefore decline to place any weight
on this proposed factor.

43 Lastly, I also decline to place much weight on the proposed factor that Mr
Tan, being a citizen of and resident in Singapore, has suffered damage in
Singapore. In Lakshmi Anil Salgaocar v Jhaveri Darsan Jitendra [2019] 2 SLR
372 (“Lakshmi”), the Court of Appeal considered (at [85]) that limited weight
ought to be placed on the factor of the place of breach given that it assumes
that the plaintiff’s claim has been made out. Likewise, I consider that the
fact of Mr Tan suffering damage in Singapore presupposes that there has been a
breach, and it should therefore be given limited weight in the overall
analysis. I should add that the fact that the second Claimant, Mr Sugiarto,
suffered damage in Indonesia (if the claimants’ case is found at trial to be
made out) and this would further dilute whatever weight that could be given on
this score.

Governing law of the Oral Agreement

44 I consider the governing law of the Oral Agreement to be a factor pointing
to Malaysia, subject to the qualification expressed at [55] below.

45 To recapitulate, the Claimants submit that Singapore law applies by default
as the lex fori whereas the Defendants argue that Malaysian law governs the
Oral Agreement.

46 It is well-accepted that the court applies a three-step approach to
determine the governing law of a contract (see Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S
Y Technology Inc and another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“Pacific Recreation”)
at [36], citing Overseas Union Insurance Ltd v Turegum Insurance Co [2001] 2
SLR(R) 285 at [82]). At the first stage, the court considers whether the
parties had expressly chosen a governing law. If there is no express choice
made by the parties, the court considers at the second stage whether the
intention of the parties as to the governing law can be inferred from the
circumstances. If the court is unable to infer the parties’ intentions, it
proceeds to the third stage where the court assesses which system of law the
contract has the closest and most real connection with the contract in
question and the circumstances surrounding the inception of that contract.
This is the same as the objective test of what the reasonable man ought to
have intended if he had thought about the matter at the time when he made the
contract for the dispute to be determined “in the most convenient way and in
accordance with business efficacy” (Pacific Recreation at [47] and [49]).

47 Applying the three-stage approach, it is clear that there was no express
law to the Oral Agreement. Moving on to the second stage, I begin by noting
that the place of contracting is regarded as “generally not important in
determining the governing law of a contract, except, perhaps, where the
contract is to be performed in that country” (Pacific Recreation at [43],
citing Chatenay v The Brazilian Submarine Telegraph Company, Limited [1891] 1
QB 79). The Claimants suggest that the Oral Agreement was largely concluded in
Singapore on the basis that the physical meetings between Mr Tan and Mr
Jonathan Tok took place in Singapore. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Claimants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at paras 57-63.

I set out the factors identified in Pacific Recreation at [37] and [43]–[44]
that are relevant to the present case as follows:

(a) the commercial purpose of the transaction;

(b) the currency of the contract or the currency for payment; and

(c) the places of residence or business of the parties.

48 The first factor is the commercial purpose of the transaction, which for
much the same reasons as set out at [37] above, clearly points to Malaysia.
The very subject matter of the Oral Agreement concerned financing the
construction of the Phase Two development that is located in Johor Bahru,
Malaysia.

49 With this in mind, even if the Oral Agreement was largely concluded in
Singapore, this bore no particular relation to the place of performance of the
Oral Agreement. With the parties based across various jurisdictions, it is
equally plausible that Singapore was a convenient location for Mr Tan and Mr
Jonathan Tok to physically meet to sort out the details relating to the
Claimants’ investment in the Phase Two development. I therefore decline to
give much weight to the place of contracting at the second stage.

50 The second factor is the currency of the contract, which also points to
Malaysia. It is not disputed that payment pursuant to the Oral Agreement was
made in Malaysian Ringgit, namely, the Investment Sum of RM8,263,313.40 (see
[8] above). Furthermore, payment of the Investment Sum was made to Buana
Tunggal, which was a company registered in Malaysia and the main developer for
the Phase Two development.

51 The third factor relates to the places of residence or business of the
parties, which is neutral. I reiterate my considerations expressed at [40]
above that the parties resided and did business in various jurisdictions.
Although there were several physical meetings in Singapore between Mr Jonathan
Tok and Mr Tan, the Claimants also pleaded that the parties had on two
occasions met in Malaysia to visit the site on which the Phase Two development
would be constructed, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

SOC at para 9.

and I have accepted that any other communications between Mr Sugiarto and Mr
Hendro Tok must necessarily have been made by telephone conversations and/or
electronic means.

52 For these reasons, I find that it is reasonable to infer that the implied
law governing the Oral Agreement is likely to be Malaysian law.

53 For completeness, even if it could not be inferred that the parties
intended Malaysian law to be the governing law following the second stage of
the analysis, I would have no difficulty arriving at the same conclusion under
the third stage as to which law has the closest and most real connection with
the Oral Agreement. The Court of Appeal in Pacific Recreation clarified (at
[48]) that the same factors are to be taken into consideration at the second
and third stage, but the difference lies in the weight which is to be accorded
to these factors, with equal weight being placed on all factors at the third
stage. For similar reasons as stated above, it is clear that Malaysian law
bears the most connection with the Oral Agreement.

54 As to the Claimants’ argument that Malaysian law was not expressly pleaded
by the Defendants, I would note that this is precisely because a defence on
the merits of the case would typically not be filed by a defendant who seeks a
stay of proceedings based on forum non conveniens (see O 6 r 7(4) of the Rules
of Court 2021 (the “ROC 2021”)). In the present case, I am satisfied that
there is adequate material before the court for a finding to be made as to the
governing law of the Oral Agreement, for the purposes of identifying the
appropriate forum.

55 For the foregoing reasons, I consider the governing law of the Oral
Agreement to be a relatively important factor pointing to Malaysia, even
taking into account the following qualification. I recognise that the issues
to be determined at trial (as identified by the parties at [18] above) are
largely factual as opposed to legal in nature (see in this regard the
observations of the Court of Appeal in Lakshmi at [56]–[57]). Furthermore,
both Singapore and Malaysia are common law jurisdictions. Although I note that
the law of contract in Malaysia is governed by her Contracts Act 1950 (Act
136), there is no suggestion by either party that the Malaysia or Singapore
courts would apply different contract or tort law principles such as to affect
the outcome of the dispute.

Place where the tort occurred

56 Insofar as the Claimants’ alternative pleaded case lay in the tort of
negligence, I also consider the place where the tort was alleged to have
occurred, which can provide a convenient starting point or prima facie
position insofar as the place of the tort was not fortuitous (Rickshaw
Investments at [39] and [40]; JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral
Enterprises Ltd [2011] 1 SLR 391 (“JIO Minerals”) at [106]). But in the
present case, I consider the place of the tort to be a neutral factor for the
following two reasons.

57 The test that is commonly applied for determining the place of the tort is
that which looks at the events constituting the tort and asks where, in
substance, the cause of action arose (JIO Minerals at [90]). For the tort of
negligence, this would be where the failure to take reasonable care took place
(Distillers Co (Biochemicals) Ltd v Laura Anne Thompson [1971] AC 458). The
Claimants’ pleaded case in negligence alleges that prior to the Oral Agreement
being entered into the Defendants had failed to take reasonable care in giving
certain advice, warranties and representation to the Claimants that the Phase
Two development would be a safe investment with guaranteed profits. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

SOC at paras 39-41.

Therefore, I consider that the closest link to Singapore would be insofar that
the Defendants’ voluntary assumption of responsibility substantially took
place by Mr Jonathan Tok’s acts or omissions in Singapore. However, even this
could not be said for certain for much the same reasons as set out at [40]
above. I reiterate that the physical meetings between Mr Jonathan Tok and Mr
Tan told only one side of the story. As between Mr Hendro Tok and Mr Sugiarto,
their communications must necessarily have been made by telephone
conversations and/or electronic means from their respective locations. There
is also some suggestion that Mr Hendro Tok and Mr Sugiarto were in fact the
key decision makers behind the Oral Agreement. More importantly, on at least
two occasions in October and November 2011 the Claimants had made social
visits to the Defendants and to the construction site of the Phase Two
development in Malaysia. By the Claimants’ own pleaded case, it is alleged
that during the time of both these visits to Malaysia the Defendants had
continued making the representations the subject of the Negligence Claim. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

SOC at para 9(a).

58 Furthermore, even if Singapore could be considered the place of the tort, I
consider the prima facie position to be displaced on the facts of the case
indicating that it was fortuitous that the failure to take reasonable care
took place in Singapore. As stated above, the parties were based across
different jurisdictions, the Oral Agreement related to the construction of a
development project in Malaysia, and the sole nexus to Singapore was the
location of the physical meetings between Mr Jonathan Tok and Mr Tan.

59 I therefore consider the place where the tort occurred to be a neutral
factor in the present case.

The Defendants’ witnesses

60 The Defendants say that they intend to call witnesses who are residents in
Malaysia to give evidence on the following events to establish the Defendants’
defence that they had ensured and/or used reasonable care to ensure the
profitable construction of the Phase Two development: 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 41; affidavit
of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at paras 72-74.

(a) The insolvency and resultant delays of the first main contractor
appointed, Mutiara Raya Corporation Sdn Bhd.

(b) The delays caused to the Phase Two development by the second main
contractor appointed, Max Southern Steel Sdn Bhd (“MSSB”).

(c) Delays occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic from March 2020 onwards.

(d) Theft issues at the Phase Two development site and related problems with
suppliers.

(e) Efforts by Buana Tunggal to appoint the third main contractor to take over
MSSB and to complete the remaining works at the Phase Two development.

(f) Delays of delivery of vacant possession of the purchased units and
purchasers’ claims for liquidated damages against Buana Tunggal, for which the
Defendants intend to call as witnesses some of the purchasers of the
commercial units in the Phase Two development. Most of these purchasers reside
in Malaysia.

61 Apart from the witnesses involved in point (f) above, the witnesses whom
the Defendants intend to call were all involved in the Phase Two development
and were either the project consultants or main contractors for the Phase Two
development not in the employ of the Defendants or Buana Tunggal. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 43.

These witnesses are Malaysian citizens and as far as the Defendants are
currently aware are residing in Malaysia. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Affidavit of Tok Beng Tong dated 27 July 2023 at para 72.

62 I do not accept the Claimants’ submission that limited weight should be
given to the personal connections of the witnesses since the witnesses which
the Defendants intend to call would provide limited evidence as to the
existence of delays in the construction of the Phase Two development, rather
than the actual breach of contractual or tortious duties by the Defendants
themselves. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Claimants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at paras 5-7.

63 By the Claimants’ own pleaded case (see [12] above), they allege, on the
basis that the Reasonable Care Term exists, that the Defendants did not ensure
and/or did not take reasonable care to ensure that the construction of the
Phase Two development would be completed in a manner that results in Buana
Tunggal earning approximately net profits of RM44,232,896.80 to
RM48,888,991.20. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

SOC at para 16(c) and 36(b); affidavit of Tan Wei Heng Kelvin dated 14 August
2023 at para 12(b) and 12(d).

As set out above at S/Nos 3(b) and 4(b) of [18] above, the Claimants have
therefore put in issue the question of the manner in which the Defendants
managed and/or oversaw the timely and profitable completion of the Phase Two
development project, which is a separate and distinct inquiry from the mere
fact of the existence of delays in the completion of the project.

64 I am satisfied that the Defendants have shown that the evidence from the
foreign witnesses identified at paragraph 72(a)–(g) of Mr Jonathan Tok’s
affidavit dated 27 July 2023 (collectively, the “Malaysian Witnesses”) is at
least arguably relevant to the Defendants’ defence on the management of the
Phase Two development project. On the issue of the Claimants’ pleaded
Reasonable Care Term, if indeed found to be a term of the Oral Agreement, this
is likely to raise a significant number of disputed factual issues, for
instance, as to who is at fault for the delays to the Phase Two development,
and whether these delays were critical delays such that the project as a whole
was delayed. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Affidavit of Tan Wei Heng Kelvin dated 14 August 2023 at paras 27-28.

The evidence from the project consultants or main contractors for the Phase
Two development whom the Defendants intend to call would therefore be relevant
to the determination of these factual issues.

Witness compellability

65 I begin by dealing with the appropriate weight to be given to the factor of
witness compellability, before turning to witness convenience.

66 The Defendants argue that they need to rely on the Malaysian Witnesses who
may have to be compelled to give evidence. They claim that the Singapore
courts cannot compel a foreign witness to testify in a Singapore court (see by
implication from O 15 r 4(3) of the Rules of Court 2021, which requires that
an order to attend court or an order to produce documents must be served on
the witness “by personal service in Singapore” [emphasis added]).

67 In response, the Claimants rely on O 66 r 1 of the Rules of Court 2012
(PU(A) 205/2012) (M’sia) (the “Malaysian ROC”) which they say provides that
the Malaysian courts have the power to order witnesses based in Malaysia to
attend and be examined in relation to proceedings before a foreign court, upon
request by any person authorised to make such a request by that foreign court.
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Claimants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 50; affidavit
of Tan Wei Heng Kelvin dated 14 August 2023 at pp 85-87 (Exhibit “TWHK-4”).

68 Although the Claimants have not adduced expert evidence on this point of
Malaysian law, in Singapore, it is well-recognised that issues of foreign law
can also be proven by directly adducing raw sources of foreign law as
evidence, provided they satisfy the requirements in the Evidence Act 1893
(2020 Rev Ed) (the “EA”). Nonetheless, the precise evidentiary weight to be
accorded may differ depending on the foreign law at hand (Pacific Recreation
at [55] and [60]). In the present case, I note that s 59(1)(b) of the EA
provides that the Singapore courts shall take judicial notice of “all Acts
passed or hereafter to be passed by the legislature of any territory within
the Commonwealth”. Furthermore, under s 59(2) of the EA, our courts can
“resort for [their] aid to appropriate books or documents of reference” when
dealing with such Acts. Given the comparative similarities between Singapore
and Malaysian civil procedure and the presence of an equivalent legislative
provision in Singapore, being O 55 r 1 of the ROC 2021 (and its predecessor
legislation, O 66 r 1 of the Rules of Court 2014), I consider that there is
little difficulty in the present case in a Singapore court competently
assessing whether O 66 r 1 of the Malaysian ROC provides for the position as
stated by the Claimants.

69 Order 66 r 1 of the Malaysian ROC provides:

Jurisdiction of Registrar to make order (O 66 r 1)

1\. (1) Subject to paragraph (2), the power of the High Court or a Judge
thereof to make, in relation to a matter pending before a Court or tribunal in
a place outside the jurisdiction, orders for the examination of witnesses and
for attendance and for production of documents and to give directions may be
exercised by the Registrar.

(2) The Registrar may not make such an order if the matter in question is a
criminal matter.

Order 66 r 2 of the Malaysian ROC in turn provides the procedure for an
application for an order under O 66 r 1, and O 66 r 4 further provides the
procedure for the taking of evidence under any order made in pursuance of O 66
of the Malaysian ROC.

70 In Malaysian Rules of Court 2012: An Annotation vol 2 (LexisNexis, 2012) at
para 66/1/4, the position under O 66 r 1 is further stated as follows:

66/1/4. Pending before a court or tribunal in a place outside the
jurisdiction. There must be a matter pending before the foreign court or
tribunal before the High Court can exercise its power under this rule. The
question of whether there is a matter pending before the foreign court or
tribunal is for the requesting court to determine. The court will not question
the bona fides of a letter of request from a foreign court: see the dicta of
Eusoff Chin J (as his Lordship then was) in Lorrain Esme Osman v A-G of Hong
Kong (unreported, Originating Summons No R8-24-59-89), where it was also held
that concrete evidence in the form of a decision of the foreign court must be
produced to prove that no proceedings were pending at the date of the
application for the order for examination of witnesses and production of
documents in the High Court. See also Dato Mohamed Hashim Shamsuddin v A-G,
Hong Kong [1986] 2 MLJ 112, where the Supreme Court was satisfied from the
order of the foreign court for issue of the letter of request, the letter of
request itself and the affidavit filed in the High Court in support of the
application that there were pending proceedings in the foreign court.

71 I am therefore satisfied that the availability of O 66 r 1 of the Malaysian
ROC mitigates, to some extent, the witness compellability factor as relied
upon by the Defendants. Where proceedings are pending before a foreign (ie,
outside of Malaysia) court or tribunal, and where a witness in Malaysia is
unwilling to give evidence or to produce documents voluntarily, the High Court
in Malaya and the High Court in Sabah and Sarawak have the power to make an
order that evidence be taken in Malaysia, for the purposes of the foreign
proceedings.

Witness convenience

72 I consider that the appropriate weight to be given to the witness
convenience factor must be balanced between (a) on the one hand, the
availability of giving evidence via video-link as well as the close proximity
of Singapore to Malaysia (JIO Minerals at [69]–[70] and [110]; see also O 15 r
5 of the ROC 2021) and (b) on the other hand, the greater significance
afforded to the witness convenience factor where the main disputes in the case
at hand revolve around questions of fact (Rickshaw Investments at [19]), and
also given that the Defendants intend to call multiple witnesses based in
Malaysia.

73 In addition, while I noted at [71] above that the Malaysian courts have the
power to make an order under O 66 r 1 of the Malaysian ROC that evidence be
taken in Malaysia for the purposes of foreign proceedings, such mode of taking
evidence will no doubt be more cumbersome in both time and expenses to the
Defendants should the Malaysian Witnesses turn out to be unwilling to give
evidence and/or to produce documents voluntarily. In this regard, O 66 r 4(2)
alludes to the payment of fees and expenses due to the examiner under the
procedure in O 66 of the Malaysian ROC.

74 On balance, therefore, I consider that there would be relatively more
convenience in having the case decided in the forum where the Malaysian
Witnesses are ordinarily resident. For completeness, I also note that the
Claimants have not suggested that they intend to call other witnesses who may
be based in Singapore or elsewhere.

The availability of documents

75 It is possible for the location of documents to become a relevant
connecting factor if the disclosure of these documents can only easily be
obtained in proceedings in one of the competing jurisdictions (Ivanishvili,
Bidzina and others v Credit Suisse Trust Ltd [2020] 2 SLR 638 (“Ivanishvili”)
at [98]). The Defendants assert that all the project documents in relation to
the Phase Two development are located only in Malaysia, because these
documents are in the possession of the various parties involved in the Phase
Two development that are either Malaysian entities and/or Malaysian citizens.
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 53.

At the hearing on 27 September 2023, counsel for the Defendants orally
submitted that such project documents would be relevant to assessing the
Claimants’ interest in the Phase Two development if the Defendants’ position
on the terms of the Oral Agreement is accepted, and also relevant to the
taking of accounts for the Phase Two development and/or for damages to be
assessed under the Defendants’ Intended Counterclaim (see [16] above). The
Defendants further submit that such project documents can only be obtained via
the discovery process in the Malaysian courts and are therefore a relevant
connecting factor pointing to Malaysia. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 54.

76 For the following two reasons, however, I do not consider the availability
of documents to be a relevant connecting factor in the present case.

77 In the first place, the Defendants have not demonstrated an at least
arguable case that the project documents cannot be easily obtained. On the
contrary, I agree that these documents relating to the Phase Two development
are most likely to have been stored and circulated in electronic form. I also
agree, bearing in mind that Buana Tunggal was the main developer for the Phase
Two development, and that the Defendants appear to occupy key positions in
Buana Tunggal (see [4] and [5] above), that it is likely that the Defendants
would have easy access to these project documents which are relevant to their
defence and Intended Counterclaim.

78 Furthermore, even if I am wrong as to the above, I also consider the
availability of the procedure under O 66 r 1 of the Malaysian ROC sufficient
to rebut the Defendants’ argument that they would be unable to obtain
documents which are solely in the possession of Malaysian parties. As noted at
[71] above, the Malaysian courts would have the power to make an order for the
production of documents by a witness based in Malaysia, for the purposes of
foreign proceedings.

Personal connections of the parties

79 The Claimants submit that this factor points in favour of Singapore as the
first claimant is a Singapore citizen, the first defendant is a Singapore
permanent resident, and the second claimant is willing to attend and testify
in Singapore court proceedings.

80 However, the first defendant is also a citizen of Malaysia and the second
defendant resides in Malaysia. I therefore consider this factor to be neutral
and find applicable in this regard the observation of the Court of Appeal in
Rappo (at [71]) that “in disputes involving well-heeled parties who have a
high degree of mobility … the current domicile of the parties may be of little
legal significance, depending on the circumstances of the case.” This is even
more so given the close geographical proximity between the parties’ respective
places of domicile in the present case (ie, Singapore, Malaysia and
Indonesia).

Conclusion: Malaysia is the more appropriate forum

81 I am satisfied that the Defendants have discharged their burden of showing
that Malaysia is clearly and distinctly the more appropriate forum than
Singapore for the trial of the case concerned. The place of performance of the
Oral Agreement was intended by the parties to be substantially performed in
Malaysia and the underlying subject matter of the Oral Agreement, being the
construction of a development project that is located in Johor Bahru, clearly
points to Malaysia (see [37] above). Together with the governing law of the
Oral Agreement which I have found at [52] above to be Malaysian law as well as
the undoubted convenience in having the case decided in Malaysia where the
intended witnesses are ordinarily residents (see [74] above), I consider that
the connecting factors meaningfully point to Malaysia as the jurisdiction in
which the case may be “tried more suitably for the interests of all the
parties and for the ends of justice” (Rappo at [72], citing Spiliada at 476).
Insofar as the strongest argument to be made in favour of Singapore is that
many of the physical meetings between Mr Jonathan Tok and Mr Tan had taken
place in Singapore, I reiterate my considerations at [40] above that it was Mr
Sugiarto and Mr Hendro Tok who played the more significant roles as the key
decision makers behind the investment in the Phase Two development and, in any
event, much of the communications between the parties must necessarily have
been made by electronic means given that they were all residing in different
jurisdictions at the material time. Furthermore, there were at least two
occasions where the Claimants had visited the Defendants in Malaysia and
during which time, by the Claimants’ pleaded case, they say that the
Defendants had continued to make certain representations as to the
profitability of the investment. Finally, while I consider the strength of the
witness compellability factor to be largely mitigated for the reasons
expressed at [71] above, I also note the Court of Appeal’s observation in
Ivanishvili (at [96]) that “[u]ltimately, the court will usually be prepared
to assume that despite the possible arrangements and accommodations [ie, the
availability of judicial assistance proceedings for taking evidence in the
foreign jurisdiction], it would typically be easier to secure the evidence of
witnesses in the jurisdiction where they are located”. [emphasis in original]

82 On balance, therefore, I consider at Stage One of the Spiliada test that
Malaysia is the more appropriate forum.

Stage Two of the Spiliada test

83 The legal burden at Stage Two of the Spiliada test is on the claimant to
establish the existence of special circumstances by reason of which justice
requires that a stay should nonetheless be refused (CIMB Bank at [26]). In the
present case, the Claimants have not raised any personal or juridical
advantage that they would lose or that they would be denied substantial
justice if the case is not litigated in Singapore. I also do not consider that
any special circumstances exist which require that a stay should nonetheless
be refused.

Conclusion and costs

84 For the reasons set out above, I consider that Malaysia is clearly and
distinctly the more appropriate forum for the trial of OC 385. I therefore
allow the appeal for the proceedings in OC 385 to be stayed on the ground of
forum non conveniens.

85 The costs of SUM 2259 are to be reversed with the Claimants to pay the
Defendants the costs of the application at S$9,000 (all-in).

86 In respect of the costs of the appeal payable by the Claimants to the
Defendants, Appendix G of the Supreme Court Practice Directions 2021 provides
that the costs to be awarded for an appeal before a Judge in the General
Division to be in the range of S$5,000 to S$35,000. The Defendants submit that
costs of the appeal should be fixed at S$15,000, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 70.

whereas the Claimants are seeking costs to be fixed at S$10,000 (inclusive of
disbursements). 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Claimants’ written submissions dated 25 September 2023 at para 71.

Taking into account that this appeal does not engage issues of legal and
factual complexity and that the matter was fixed for a special half-day
hearing, I order costs of the appeal to be fixed at S$12,000 (all-in) payable
by the Claimants to the Defendants.

87 In conclusion, the appeal is allowed and I make the following orders:

(a) that all proceedings in OC 385 be stayed;

(b) the Claimants are to pay the Defendants the costs of the application in
SUM 2259 fixed at S$9,000 (all-in); and

(c) the Claimants are to pay the Defendants the costs of the appeal in RA 193
fixed at S$12,000 (all-in).

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court|  
---|---  
  
Zhuang Wenxiong, Qabir Singh Sandhu, Bertrice Hsu Li-Jia and Li Jiabao (LVM
Law Chambers LLC) for the first and second claimants;

Patrick Ong Kok Seng (Patrick Ong Law LLC) for the first and second
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 12 Dec 2023 (12:11 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

