Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 329

Originating Application No 881 of 2023

In the matter of Section 210 of the Companies Act 1967

And

In the matter of Babel Holding Limited

Between

| Babel Holding Limited  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

(1)| Parastate Labs, Inc  
---|---  
(2)| Smarti Labs Main LP  
(3)| Wang Li  
(4)| Yang Zhou  
(5)| Genesis Global Capital LLC  
(6)| Gate Technology Inc  
  
… Non-parties

grounds of decision

[Companies — Schemes of arrangement — Application for leave to convene scheme
meeting]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Re Babel Holding Ltd

  

(Parastate Labs, Inc and others, non-parties)

[2023] SGHC 329

General Division of the High Court — Originating Application No 881 of 2023  
Aedit Abdullah J  
20 September, 9 October 2023

24 November 2023

Aedit Abdullah J:

1 This was Babel Holding Limited’s (“the applicant”) application which primary
sought leave to convene a scheme meeting pursuant to s 210(1) of the Companies
Act 1967 (2020 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”). This application was opposed by
Parastate Labs, Inc (“Parastate”), a non-party to this application, on several
grounds. However, I found those objections to be without merit and accordingly
granted the application for reasons which I set out below. An urgent appeal is
now being pursued by Parastate.

Background

2 By way of background, the applicant is an entity within the Babel group of
companies (“the Babel Group”), which comprise other entities namely, Babel
Asia Asset Management Private Limited (“Babel Asia”), Babel Block Limited,
Moonalpha Financial Service Limited and Shinar Trading Services Private
Limited. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions (“AWS”) at p 2.

On 6 March 2023, each of the entities in the Babel Group applied in HC/OA
192/2023, HC/OA 193/2023, HC/OA 194/2023, HC/OA 195/2023, and HC/OA 196/2023
for moratoria protection for a period of six months from the date of the
application or such further order of court. I granted these applications on 17
April 2023, with moratoria relief to apply up to 21 July 2023.

3 On 3 July 2023, the entities in the Babel Group applied in HC/SUM 1984/2023,
HC/SUM 1985/2023, HC/SUM 1986/2023, HC/SUM 1987/2023 and HC/SUM 1988/2023 to
extend the moratoria orders until 15 September 2023 or until further order of
court. The applications were granted on 17 July 2023.

4 On 30 August 2023, the present application was filed. The application was
based on a proposed scheme of arrangement (“the Proposed Scheme”), the
essential terms of which I set out below:

(a) there would be a deed poll structure (“the Deed Poll Structure”) that
would combine the claims against all the companies in the Babel Group into a
single scheme to be compromised together;

(b) in exchange for all scheme creditors releasing the companies in the Babel
Group from all scheme claims, scheme creditors could elect between the two
forms of consideration. The first is in the form of ERC-compliant tokens
called the Babel Recovery Coin, whereas the second is the option to subscribe
for contingent value rights in another company. If scheme creditors do not
elect, they would be issued the Babel Recovery Coin as the default scheme
consideration; and

(c) a scheme creditor’s Babel Recovery Coin holding would represent the right
to redeem a pro rata share of a sinking fund, contributions to which would
come from disposal proceeds of various private equity investments of the Babel
Group, a percentage of the net profit of a new holding company to be
contributed by its management shareholders at periodic intervals, and any
recoveries of the debtors from any potential litigation proceedings.

Parties’ arguments

5 The applicant’s broad arguments were that leave should be granted for it to
convene a scheme meeting as: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AWS at para 4.

(a) the court has jurisdiction to eventually sanction the Proposed Scheme;

(b) the applicant had disclosed sufficient information to the court;

(c) the classification of creditors under the Proposed Scheme is appropriate;
and

(d) there was no abuse of process by the applicant.

6 In this regard, Parastate objected to the Proposed Scheme on three broad
grounds:

(a) there should be a separate class of creditors, with Parastate (and other
creditors in its position) separately classified from other unsecured
creditors;

(b) the Deed Poll Structure, on which the scheme was based, is objectionable;
and

(c) the applicant had not provided full and frank disclosure in its
application.

Issues that were determined

7 From the arguments canvassed before me, the following issues had to be
determined:

(a) whether there should be a separate class of creditors, with Parastate
being classified separately from other unsecured creditors;

(b) whether the Deed Poll Structure in the Proposed Scheme is objectionable;
and

(c) whether the applicant had disclosed sufficient information to the court;
and

(d) whether there was abuse of process by the applicant.

Before addressing each of the issues in turn, I set out the general principles
governing the court’s discretion to grant leave to convene a scheme meeting.

The application for leave to convene a scheme meeting was granted

The general principles governing such applications

8 The principles and considerations underlying the court’s decision on whether
to grant leave to convene a creditors’ meeting pursuant to s 210(1) of the
Companies Act were summarised and set out in the Court of Appeal decision of
Pathfinder Strategic Credit LP and another v Empire Capital Resources Pte Ltd
and another appeal [2019] 2 SLR 77 (“Pathfinder”) at [29], which I reproduce.

(a) At the leave stage, the company should present a restructuring proposal
“not necessarily ready for presenting to the creditors to be voted upon but
with sufficient particulars to enable the court to assess that it is feasible
and merits due consideration by the creditors when it is eventually placed
before them in detailed form” (see the Malaysian High Court decision of Re
Kuala Lumpur Industries Bhd [1990] 2 MLJ 180 at 182).

(b) Issues that will be considered at the leave stage generally relate to the
court’s jurisdiction (see the Court of Appeal decision of The Royal Bank of
Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International
Ltd and another appeal [2012] 2 SLR 213 (“TT International”) at [57]–[67]).
However, other matters that will lead the court to subsequently refuse to
sanction a scheme should also be brought to the court’s attention (see the
English High Court decision of Re T&N Ltd (No 3) [2007] 1 BCLC 563 at [19]).
Therefore, issues that should be raised and considered at the leave stage
include:

(i) classification of creditors, and in this regard, “[a]ny issues in relation
to a possible need for separate meetings for different classes of creditors
ought to be unambiguously brought to the attention of the court” (see TT
International at [62]);

(ii) whether there is a realistic prospect of the proposed scheme receiving
the requisite approval of the creditors, as the court “should not act in vain
in granting the application for meetings to be convened” (see TT International
at [64]); and

(iii) any allegation of an abuse of process by the applicant-company: “… given
the inherent jurisdiction of the court to ensure that its processes are not
improperly invoked, an order under s 210(1) would be refused if it is shown
that the application amounts to an abuse of process” (see the High Court
decision of Re Punj Lloyd Pte Ltd [2015] SGHC 321 at [26]).

(c) Importantly, the company bears a duty of disclosure at the leave stage, in
that, amongst other things, it must “unreservedly disclose all material
information” to assist the court in determining how the creditors’ meeting is
to be conducted (see TT International at [62]).

(d) Other aspects of the court’s inquiry at the leave stage include:

(i) that the court should generally not the consider the merits and
reasonableness of the proposed scheme, as these are issues that should be left
for the creditors to decide (see TT International at [63]); and

(ii) that as time is ordinarily of the essence in restructuring matters, the
leave application “should be heard on an expedited basis” (see TT
International at [62]).

9 In the present case, Parastate’s objections were essentially made in
relation to the requirements that: (a) the creditors of the applicant-company
ought to be classified correctly (see [8(b)(i)] above); (b) the scheme must be
feasible and merit due consideration by the creditors when it is eventually
placed before them (see [8(a)] above); and (c) and the applicant must have
provided full and frank disclosure in its application (see [8(c)] above).

10 Despite these objections, I found that the requirements for the granting of
leave to convene a scheme meeting were met.

Parastate should not be classified separately from other unsecured creditors

11 Taking first the issue of creditor classification, I was of the view that
Parastate was correctly classified together with the rest of the unsecured
creditors.

12 The test for whether the creditors have been appropriately classified is
found in the statements of the Court of Appeal in TT International: that those
creditors whose rights are so dissimilar to each other that they cannot
sensibly consult together with a view to their common interest must vote in
different classes. The test is based on similarity or dissimilarity of legal
rights against the company, not on similarity or dissimilarity of interests
not derived from such legal rights (at [130]–[131]). There are three broad
steps involved in undertaking the inquiry of creditor classification (see
Pathfinder at [88]):

(a) first, identification of the appropriate comparator, which compares the
relative rights of creditors among each other under the scheme, against their
relative rights in the most likely scenario in the absence of scheme approval
(TT International at [140]);

(b) second, assessment of whether the relative positions of the creditors
under the proposed scheme mirror their relative positions in the comparator.
This implies that at least four positions must be identified and compared: the
positions of the two groups of creditors under the proposed scheme, and their
positions in the comparator; and

(c) third, if there is a difference between the creditors’ relative positions
identified in the second step, the court must assess whether the extent of the
difference is such as to render the creditors’ rights so dissimilar that they
cannot sensibly consult together with a view to their common interest. This is
a question of judgment and degree, and the court generally takes a broad,
practical and objective approach that seeks to avoid an impractical
mushrooming of classes that could potentially result in the creation of
unjustified minority vetoes.

13 First, I agree with the parties 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AWS at para 38(1); 1st Non-Party Written Submissions (“1NPWS”) at para 19.

that the appropriate comparator in the present case should be that of
insolvent liquidation; indeed, given the applicant’s dire financial situation,
there was no reason to conclude otherwise.

14 Turning to the second stage of the inquiry, this was where parties took
divergent positions. The applicant argued that the current classification is
appropriate as: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AWS at para 38.

(a) first, the creditors of each debtor company in the Babel Group would
receive no return in a “low case scenario”, and between 0% to 2.2% in a “high
case scenario” on a discounted basis. Given the similarity in the range of
recoveries of creditors for each debtor company in the Babel Group, the
applicant contended that it was fair and justified to compromise the claims of
these creditors in the same scheme;

(b) second, notwithstanding that the original denomination of the scheme
claims are denominated in different digital assets, such scheme claims are to
be converted into the same fiat currency (US$) using a common “Scheme
Conversion Rate” which takes into account the value fluctuations of the
digital assets during the period since the companies in the Babel Group
announced the suspension of withdrawals;

(c) third, although certain companies in the Babel Group provided digital
assets as collateral to some scheme creditors, the terms of such collateral
are inconsistent with the said creditors retaining any proprietary interest in
the collateral, ie, these are purely unsecured claims.

(d) fourth, all scheme creditors are given the choice of electing between the
Babel Recovery Coin option and subscribing for contingent value rights (see
[4(b)] above) and, even if they are not eligible to do so, they have the
ability to appoint an eligible third party to receive the scheme
consideration;

(e) fifth, notwithstanding the occurrence of post-payments, the Proposed
Scheme provides for a mechanism to take into account and deduct from the
scheme consideration any potential preferences received by any recipient of
the post-payments, by empowering the scheme manager to deduct the
corresponding post-payment account from the ascertained scheme claim; and

(f) sixth, the Proposed Scheme provides for set-off of mutual claims between
the companies in the Babel Group and their respective scheme creditors. This
is consistent with the treatment of the claims of the scheme creditors under
insolvency law in insolvent winding up, the most likely comparator.

The applicant also relied on an independent advisor report which opined: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AWS at para 39.

In regard to creditors being consolidated into one class, on the assumption
that cross currency and product set-off applies, claims in the Scheme would
all be unsecured claims with no proprietary rights or security interests and
based on the net deficit on customer accounts. We understand from the Group’s
Singapore counsel that the relevant test for class composition under Singapore
law is whether creditors rights are so dissimilar to each other that they
cannot sensibly consult together with a view to their common interest and must
vote in different classes. In these circumstances, the creditors would appear
to have similar, if not identical, rights and it would, therefore, be
appropriate for them to be consolidated in the same class. However, this is
subject to the comment above about four creditors having a blocking vote for
schemes if there was no consolidation of the Debtors’ liabilities.

15 I agreed that these factors prima facie showed that the rights of the
creditors of each company were not so dissimilar that they could not consult
sensibly together with a view to their common interest.

16 Parastate objected to this classification; 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1NPWS at para 3.

it argued that it should, together with other creditors in its position, be
classified in a separate class under the Proposed Scheme for two reasons:

(a) Parastate argued that it is a secured creditor against the applicant
because it (Parastate) had transferred US$5m worth of the cryptocurrency
“USDT” into the Babel Quan Alpha USDT Fund (“the Management Assets”) that was
managed by a cryptocurrency financial services provided which was trading as
“Babel Finance”, to be held on trust by Babel Finance/Babel Asia as a
fiduciary/trustee for Parastate; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1NPWS at paras 4–5.

(b) Parastate contended that it had a good arguable/viable case and separate
cause of action against one Del Wang, the Chief Executive Officer of Babel and
the sole director of Babel Asia, for dishonestly assisting in the breach of
fiduciary/trustees’ duties by the applicant, and this cause of action might
not be available to other unsecured creditors, such as lenders of
cryptocurrencies or parties which had transacted with these entities. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1NPWS at para 16.

17 In my view, Parastate’s arguments that it should be classed separately
failed. Parastate was not a secured creditor because it had a claim for breach
of trust. If a trust exists over specific property held in the name of a
company, that property would simply not be part of the company’s assets. Here,
however, the supposed trust property was no longer in the hands of Babel Asia
or Babel Finance anyway: the undisputed fact was that the alleged trust assets
had been lost 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AWS at para 73; 3rd Affidavit of Yang Zhou dated 12 September 2023 at para 31.

. It may be that Parastate could have a claim against the applicant company,
but it would not be a secured lender. Parastate did not give money on security
of a piece of collateral. In any event, I also found that there was no
certainty of intention on the part of the applicant to create a trust. This
was evident from the following:

(a) there is no express contractual requirement for Babel Asia to segregate
funds received as part of the Management Programme in the management agreement
between Parastate and Babel Asia. There is also no express declaration of
trust in respect of the Management Assets; 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AWS at para 47(1); 3rd Affidavit of Yang Zhou dated 12 September 2023 at para
29(1)(i).

(b) there was a general expectation that the Management Assets would be
commingled with the assets of other customers who have similar investment
strategies (but who may have different maturities or withdrawal schedules) and
not segregated, because of various benefits including lower transaction fees
and preferred treatment of Babel Finance’s trading positions, and the
avoidance of losses of premiums arising from the early termination of the
underlying option trades. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AWS at para 47(3); 3rd Affidavit of Yang Zhou dated 12 September 2023 at para
29(1)(iv).

18 Therefore, I agreed with the applicant that any claims on Parastate’s part
against Babel Asia/Babel Finance would be at best claims for equitable
compensation for breach of trust or breach of fiduciary duties, or damages for
breach of contract, which are unsecured personal claims which rank pari passu
with those of other unsecured creditors (see the English Court of Appeal
decision of Sinclair Investments (UK) Ltd v Versailles Trade Finance Ltd (in
administrative receivership) and others [2012] Ch 453 at [46]).

19 Turning to Parastate’s second argument, I disagreed that any potential
claim by Parastate against a third party to the Proposed scheme, Del Wang, for
dishonest assistance would affect its relative position under the Proposed
Scheme. Indeed, counsel for the applicant correctly submitted during the
hearing that it is trite that any scheme does not compromise a creditor’s
claim against a third party, such as a guarantor whose liability is joint and
several with that of the debtor-company, for the same debts and liabilities of
the debtor-company (see the Court of Appeal decision of Daewoo Singapore Pte
Ltd v CEL Tractors Pte Ltd [2001] 2 SLR(R) 791 at [32]). Accordingly, even if
one takes the view that the nature of the dishonest assistant’s liability is
shared jointly and severally with that of the trustee in breach, which is a
question left open by the High Court in Von Roll Asia Pte Ltd v Goh Boon Bay
and others [2018] 4 SLR 1053 at [117], any potential claim by Parastate
against Del Wang would not be affected by the Proposed Scheme. But more
fundamentally, the relevant comparison at this stage relates to the relative
rights of the creditors against the company which is proposing the scheme, and
not a creditor’s rights against a third party. Thus, Parastate’s arguments in
respect of its potential claim against Del Wang were misconceived.

20 Given the conclusions above, it was clear that Parastate’s interests are
not so dissimilar to those of other unsecured creditors that it cannot
sensibly consult with such creditors with a view to their common interest.
Accordingly, I was satisfied that the creditors under the Proposed Scheme,
including Parastate, are appropriately classified in a single class.

The Proposed Scheme is feasible and merits due consideration by the creditors

21 I turn to the second issue of whether the Proposed Scheme is feasible and
merits due consideration by the creditors when it is eventually placed before
them, a question which in my view is answered in the affirmative. Key to this
issue was that the applicant had proposed a Deed Poll Structure where a single
company would execute a deed poll to become a primary co-obligor in respect of
all claims against the companies in the Babel Group so that a single scheme of
arrangement may be proposed in respect of the entire corporate group. The
Proposed Scheme is also premised on substantial consolidation which means that
the assets and/or liabilities of the companies in the Babel Group would be
pooled together. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AWS at paras 70 and 74.

22 Parastate objected to this Deed Poll Structure on several grounds, namely:
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1NPWS at para 21.

(a) it unfairly overrides Parastate’s legitimate interest/proprietary claim
over Babel Finance given that Babel Finance held the Management Assets on
trust and/or as a fiduciary for Parastate, and Babel Finance is a
trustee/fiduciary of Parastate; and

(b) the use of the Deed Poll structure in the scheme is objectionable as it
forces creditors of the various members of the Babel Group to vote together,
even though all of those companies have different assets and risk profiles. It
was also alleged that the Deed Poll Structure was created as a matter of
administrative convenience only and not for any justifiable reasons.

23 Turning to the applicable law, a preliminary view was expressed in Re Babel
Holding Ltd and other matters [2023] SGHC 98 that the court does not find
either substantive consolidation or the Deed Poll Structure to be
inappropriate in principle; and, importantly, the language of s 210 of the
Companies Act seems to be broad enough to encompass such actions as the words
“compromise” and “arrangement” in s 210 are not limited in their meaning.
There is therefore no reason to find that these terms cannot encompass
mechanisms such as substantive consolidation and the Deed Poll Structure (at
[20]–[21]). As the occasion has now arisen, I conclusively affirm this
position. Going further, I am of the view that the factors to consider in
determining whether a Deed Poll Structure and/or substantive consolidation is
appropriate include:

(a) whether the affairs of the group companies are so hopelessly intertwined
that a pooling of their assets, with a distribution enabling the like dividend
to be paid to the companies’ creditors, is the only sensible way to proceed
(see the English Court of Appeal decision of Re Bank of Credit and Commerce
International SA (No 3) [1993] BCLC 1940 (“Re BCCI”) at 1501; see also the
High Court decision of Re DSG Asia Holdings Pte Ltd [2022] 3 SLR 1250 (“Re DSG
Asia”) at [71]). While Re BCCI concerned a liquidator’s entry into a scheme on
a pooled basis, I am of the view that there is no reason why this
consideration should not apply in situations where the company proposing the
scheme has not yet entered into liquidation.

(b) whether the structure unfairly overrides the legitimate interests of
creditors pursuant to the contracts governing their relationship with the
primary obligor companies (see Re DSG Asia at [71]).

(c) whether the terms of the restructuring demonstrably benefit the affected
creditors (see Re DSG Asia at [71]).

24 Having regard to the factors above, I was of the view that a Deed Poll
Structure and substantial consolidation is appropriate.

25 First, I was satisfied that the affairs of the Babel Group are so
hopelessly intertwined that a pooling of their assets is the only sensible way
to proceed. On this point, Babel has, in an earlier application, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

HC/OA 192/2023.

filed an affidavit dated 5 March 2023 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Yang Zhou’s Affidavit in HC/OA 192/2023 dated 5 March 2023 at para 73.

giving evidence that its financial advisors, Houlihan Lokey, has concluded
that the Babel Group are unable to distinguish what remaining cash and crypto
assets belong to which entities within the Babel Group. It was also said that
vast expenditure and time would be needed to identify which entity in the
Babel Group owns the money and cryptocurrency, which the Babel Group cannot
afford. I thought that this is not inherently unbelievable; indeed, there was
no evidence admitted contradicting this claim. Thus, I concluded that a
pooling of assets under the Deed Poll structure and substantial consolidation
is the only feasible way to proceed.

26 Second, I did not think that the Deed Poll Structure unfairly overrides the
legitimate expectations of creditors, and of Parastate in particular. As
mentioned above (at [17]), the trust assets which Parastate claims to have a
proprietary claim over have been lost. While it might be conceivable that
Parastate might be prejudiced by this structure if it has a legitimate
proprietary claim which is the subject of a promised compromise, this
consideration no longer applies now. As such, there is no discernible
detriment to Parastate even if the proposed structure forms the basis of the
scheme.

27 Third, there is some possibility that this structure can demonstrably
benefit the affected creditors. The applicant argued that some benefits
include: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AWS at para 80.

(a) it enables the Babel Group to be the subject of a consolidated scheme, as
opposed to parallel entity-by-entity scheme, where the former involves lower
costs and could achieve the same objectives as the latter more efficiently;

(b) if each member of the Babel Group undertakes a separate scheme, it would
be necessary for each to reconstruct a full-blown entity-by-entity relevant
alternative analysis, which would require a disproportionate amount of time
and effort which would not be justified in the circumstances; and

(c) given the similarity in the range of recoveries of creditors against each
member of the Babel Group, it is fair and justified to compromise the scheme
claims originally against different members in the same scheme.

28 Having considered the above, I agreed with the applicant that there were
sufficient particulars to suggest that the estimated return from the Proposed
Scheme on a consolidated basis appears to offer a significantly better return
to the scheme creditors of all members of the Babel Group than in an insolvent
liquidation 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AWS at para 81.

as economies of scale, and the accompanying saving of costs, may be achieved
on the Proposed Structure. For completeness, I also found that the relevant
third-party releases in favour of the other companies in the Babel Group is
appropriate given the nexus that existed between the release of those
liabilities of the other companies in the Babel Group and the relationship
between the applicant and its creditors (see Pathfinder at [77]).

29 Accordingly, I was of the view that the Proposed Scheme is feasible and
merits due consideration by the creditors.

The applicant provided full and frank disclosure

30 I also found that Parastate had not established that the applicant did not
make full and frank disclosure in this application.

31 On this point, Parastate raised the following points: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1NPWS at para 23.

(a) there appears to be little or no explanation as to how and why the members
of the Babel Group came to be brought to their knees financially with a total
loss of investors’ funds;

(b) while the members of the Babel Group had previously touched on Del Wang’s
unauthorised and unmonitored proprietary trading, which had led to his removal
as a director, no details and explanation had been provided as to how, why and
to what extent the proprietary trading activities had caused the insolvency of
the Babel Group. The failure of the Babel Group to provide an explanation
therefore pointed to a lack of accountability to creditors;

(c) the applicant admitted that no forensic accounting analysis/formal
analysis of potential claims were undertaken to investigate the proprietary
trading activities that were carried out by Del Wang. While the applicant said
that this was because of its limited financial resources, Parastate argued
that this explanation is without merit;

(d) there was also no explanation given by the applicant and other members of
the Babel Group as to the unexplained movement of cryptocurrency out of three
wallets controlled by Del Wang around or soon after Babel Finance ceased
withdrawal of cryptocurrency on the ground of a liquidity crunch; and

(e) these unexplained outflows make the comparison between a liquidation and a
scheme of arrangement meaningless, and the applicant’s failure to explain
these calls into question the unfairness in the conduct of the creditors’
meeting, which underpins the integrity of the scheme regime and acts as a real
safeguard to this exercise in creditor democracy.

32 In as much as Parastate’s complaint was that the scheme meeting should not
be convened because a scheme would leave unaddressed these lingering
questions, I did not think that Parastate’s arguments are relevant to the
question of whether leave to convene a scheme meeting should be granted.
Indeed, these allegations go to the question of whether a scheme is fair,
which is not to be determined at the leave stage (see TT International at
[63]). If Parastate thinks that the scheme is unfair, it is within its right
to vote against the scheme at the meeting. This leave application was not the
proper forum for Parastate to raise such allegations. For this reason,
Parastate’s arguments pertaining to full and frank disclosure were rejected.

There was no abuse of process

33 For completeness, I also found that there was no abuse of process by the
applicant. I agreed with the applicant 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AWS at para 66.

that the threshold for a finding of abuse of process was necessarily a high
one, particularly in the context of scheme applications where regard had to be
had to the inherently dynamic nature of the restructuring process (see
Pathfinder at [94]).

34 Indeed, there was no allegation of such abuse by Parastate; neither did any
other creditor come forward to object to this application on this ground. I
therefore did not think that there was such abuse of process as to warrant the
refusal of this application.

Conclusion

35 In the premises, I granted the application in its entirety, which would
include the extension of the moratoria until three weeks after the scheme
meeting is held.

36 Liberty to apply was also granted in respect of the extension of moratoria.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Chan Chee Yin Andrew, Alexander Lawrence Yeo, Jo Tay Yu Xi, Yeoh Tze Ning, Lee
Suet Yean Cherlyn and Richard Xu Hanqi (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
applicant;

Foo Maw Shen, Chu Hua Yi and Tan Jinwen Mark (FC Legal Asia LLC) for Parastate
Labs, Inc;

Choong Guo Yao Sean and Lee Pei Yi Jamey (Meritus Law LLC) for Smarti Labs
Main LP;

Chew Di Shun Dickson and Yuen Ai Zhen Carol (RCL Chambers Law Corporation) for
Wang Li;

Chan Michael Karfai (Breakpoint LLC) for Yang Zhou;

Tang Yuan Jonathan and Low Hui Xuan Carrisa (Prolegis LLC) for Genesis Global
Capital LLC;

Edwin Yang Yingrong and Poh Yee Shing (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for Gate
Technology Inc.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 24 Nov 2023 (18:49 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

