Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY DIVISION OF

OF THE HIGH COURT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2023] SGHCF 41

Divorce Transferred No 4654/2021

Between

| WQR  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| WQS  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Family Law — Matrimonial assets — Division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
WQR

  
v

  

WQS

[2023] SGHCF 41

General Division of the High Court (Family Division) — Divorce Transferred No
4654/2021  
Andrew Ang SJ  
12, 13 January, 17 February 2023

29 September 2023 Judgment reserved

Andrew Ang SJ:

Introduction

1 Where parties to a divorce have agreed in principle that they should be
allowed to retain their own assets, this ought to simplify the division of
matrimonial assets between them. However, this begs the question what truly
ought to be considered as belonging to either of them in the first place.
Where the facts and circumstances surrounding certain assets are disputed, it
falls to the court to consider each party’s account and weigh the evidence, in
order to arrive at a just and equitable outcome.

The factual background

2 The plaintiff (“the Wife”) is an employee at a bank, a position which she
has held for over two decades. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defence and Counterclaim (5 October 2021) at p 18.

She currently draws a gross monthly income of approximately $30,000, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Assets and Means (31 May 2022) (“Plaintiff’s AOM (No
1)”) at p 4.

and also receives remuneration in the form of shares in the bank and dividends
therefrom. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defence and Counterclaim (5 October 2021) at p 18.

3 The defendant (“the Husband”) retired around March 2020, and thus presently
does not draw any monthly salary. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s Affidavit of Assets and Means (9 May 2022) (“Defendant’s AOM (No
1)”) at p 2.

Prior to that, he was self-employed and ran a software development business
under a company he founded, which I shall refer to as [E]. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 7.

He also claims to have been engaged in other commercial activities, although
there is some disagreement as to exactly what and how successful those
ventures were.

4 The parties were married on 12 June 1993, and resided together at their
matrimonial home until July 2021. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (19 Dec 2022) at para 23.

They have two daughters, the first born in 1997 and the second in 2001, both
of whom are presently working or studying in the United States of America. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Particulars (1 Oct 2021) at para 1; Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at p
1–2.

Divorce proceedings were commenced on 1 October 2021 and proceeded on an
uncontested basis, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Memorandum of Appearance (Defendant) (5 Oct 2021) at para 2.

with Interim Judgment granted on 5 April 2022. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 5.

The disputed assets

5 The present proceedings thus concern matters ancillary to the divorce,
comprising maintenance and the division of assets. Parties are in agreement on
the issue of maintenance as well as on how the majority of their assets should
be distributed. Where such an agreement has been reached in contemplation of
divorce, it will be taken as indicative of parties’ assessment of what would
be a just and equitable division pursuant to s 112 Women’s Charter 1961 (2020
Rev Ed), and will be one to which the court would readily defer (AUA v ATZ
[2016] 4 SLR 674 at [31]). I thus need only consider those assets in respect
of which there is some dispute between the parties (“the disputed assets”),
which are as follows: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Joint Summary

Asset| Legal owner  
---|---  
The matrimonial home| Jointly owned  
TD Ameritrade USA Account | Husband   
Inter-spousal loans| Husband  
[Condominium 1]| Husband  
[Condominium 2] | Wife  
[Condominium 3] | Wife   
[Condominium 4]| Daughter  
Maybank Premier 1 Account xxxxxxxxxxxx| Wife  
Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd Account No. xxxxxxxxx| Wife  
[D] Corp Bhd shares| Wife  
[D] Properties shares| Wife  
[C] Sdn Bhd shares | Wife   
[C] (S) Pte Ltd shares | Wife   
[E] Sdn Bhd shares | Husband   
[E] Plt shares | Husband   
  
Key preliminary issues

6 However, before turning to consider the individual assets or classes
thereof, there are several key issues which will affect my analysis in respect
of several of them. For this reason, I address each of these issues first,
before proceeding to consider each of the assets mentioned at [5].

The alleged [B] Agreement

7 The centrepiece of the Husband’s case is the assertion that many of the
assets held in the Wife’s name actually belong to him, or should be otherwise
attributed to him when determining parties’ respective contributions to the
pool of matrimonial assets. I understand his argument to be as follows. At
some point, the Husband owned a 50% stake in a company called [B] Pte Ltd. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 43; Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 216.

In or around 2004, the Wife’s father acquired the Husband’s 50% stake in [B]
(the “[B] shares”) through a private company of his, which was ultimately held
by [C] Sdn Bhd (“[C] Malaysia”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 43(g); Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 216, 219

These background facts are not disputed. However, what is contested is the
Husband’s claim that this transfer was carried out pursuant to an agreement
between the two men (the “[B] Agreement”) that he would in exchange receive
shares in [D] Bhd and [D] Properties Bhd (collectively the “[D] shares”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 62, 216.

However, the [D] shares would not be transferred directly to the Husband, but
would be held by the Wife on his behalf. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 53.

According to the Husband, the dividends which the [D] shares yielded over the
years were then applied towards providing for the family, their daughters’
education, and purchasing the other private properties held in the Wife’s
name. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 54; Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022) at p 9–12;
Defendant’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at p 48.

8 On the basis of this asserted claim, he argues that the [D] shares, the
properties allegedly purchased with dividends therefrom, and some part of the
Wife’s shareholding in [C] (S) Pte Ltd (“[C] Singapore”) which he also claims
to have been transferred to her as part consideration for his stake in [B] Pte
Ltd, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at p 47.

should be returned to him or considered as his contributions to the marriage.
On the other hand, while the Wife does not explicitly provide an explanation
for the transfer of the [B] shares, she recounts in her first affidavit of
assets and means (“AOM”) how the Husband simply lost interest in running [B]
Pte Ltd after starting [E], a software development company, and how her father
had to take over. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 43.

I take this as her account of the reason for the transfer of the [B] shares.

9 It is undisputed that the Wife does hold the [D] shares, and that the shares
were transferred to her by her father. The problem for the Husband is that he
has no documentary or direct evidence to support the existence of any alleged
[B] Agreement, or to prove that the transfer of the [D] shares to the Wife by
her father was carried out pursuant to it. The Husband claims that this was a
“verbal agreement”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 52.

In support of his contention that the [D] shares were held by the Wife on his
behalf, he pointed to the fact that her father gave her [D] shares but gave
none to her siblings. He argued that her father would distribute his assets
allegedly according to a fixed formula, an inference drawn from the fact that
he gave each of his sons a 20% shareholding in [C] Malaysia, and 5% to each of
his daughters including the Wife. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 63.

Additionally, in the Husband’s words, the Wife’s father was “an EXTREMELY fair
and clear-minded person (surprisingly, based on his education background)
[emphases and parentheses in original]”, and his “frugality is legendary”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 62.

This meant that “he will not out of the blue – for no whatever reason –
suddenly to give [the Wife the [D] shares] that worth million”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 62.

As the Wife was the only one amongst her siblings who received [D] shares,
this could only have been because they were given to her in exchange for the
[B] shares. The Husband applied the same logic to the Wife’s shares in [C]
Singapore; given that her 15% shareholding therein is three times more than
her 5% shareholding in [C] Malaysia, the disparity can only be explained on
the basis that it was meant as consideration for the Husband’s stake in [B]
Pte Ltd. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 90, 92.

10 Finally, as further evidence in support of his claim, the Husband adduces a
screenshot which supposedly proves that the Wife “herself admitted in WhatsApp
message where she wanted to compensated me on [B] stake sold to [Wife’s
father]”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 70.

11 I reject the Husband’s claim that the [B] Agreement existed. First, the
notion that the Wife’s father would distribute the shares in his companies in
accordance with the formula above is based entirely on the shareholding
distribution of a single company, [C] Malaysia. This is hardly sufficient to
evince some sort of general pattern from which any deviation is explicable
only on the basis of something akin to the alleged [B] Agreement. Indeed, the
distribution of shares in [C] Singapore amongst the Wife’s siblings, with two
of her brothers receiving 23%, one brother receiving 30%, and two sisters
receiving 5%, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Supplementary Affidavit (1 Feb 2023) at p 423–426; Defendant’s
Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at p 47.

clearly demonstrates that even if the Wife’s shareholding is ignored, there
was no fixed proportion according to which their father would invariably
distribute his assets amongst his children.

12 Furthermore, upon closer inspection, the screenshot upon which the Husband
attempts to rely not only provides no support for his case, but seriously
calls his credibility into question. To better illustrate this point, I
reproduce the content of the screenshot, which captures a WhatsApp message
sent by the Wife to the Husband: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 70.

Hello [Husband], what [B] owes you, let me see what I can help you with - I
think God is fair, some of the things have worked out in its way which I have
wanted to do so to help you too. [Condominium 1] - RM 600K? My TD Ameritrade
account (don’t know the latest balance, does it work out to be RM300k?), and
another RM 100k which I can help you from Maybank account … I hope to work out
to be RM 1 million for you first.

13 As noted above at [10], the Husband characterises this as an admission by
the Wife that she “wanted to compensated me on [B] stake sold to [Wife’s
father]”. However, a plain reading of the text does not support this
interpretation. Instead, the Wife was clearly talking about what [B] itself
allegedly owed the Husband, not what her father allegedly owed the Husband in
exchange for his [B] stake. This is entirely consistent with the fact that the
Husband himself, in the very same affidavit, had claimed to have given a
director’s loan to [B] “that never repaid back to me”, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 227.

as well as with the Wife’s explanation that the reason she sent him the
message was to placate his anger over [B]’s failure to pay him monies which it
allegedly owed to him. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 2) at para 33.

Ironically, the Husband would later admit that it was in fact the Wife who had
given the loan to [B], and not him. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 2) at para 92, p 131.

14 This is not the only instance which seriously undermines the Husband’s
credibility. In her first AOM, the Wife explains how the Husband had set up
[E], which she claims was originally owned by the Husband and her father in
equal shares. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 43(f).

She then goes on to relate the following: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 43(h).

Just like that, the Defendant resigned from [B] as a director and shareholder,
left [B] in debt which included the private equity converted loan of RM 4.5
million with 5 years’ accrued interest (the debt conversion kicked in by July
2004 since IPO did not materialise). My father personally took over the entire
debt payment for [B]. The Defendant still had the audacity to demand that my
father transfer his 50% shareholding in [E] to him so that the Defendant could
have full control over [E] Malaysia, which naturally angered my father. Due to
my own naivete and misplaced trust in the Defendant, I pleaded with my father
to transfer his 50% to me. Once this was done, I essentially took over the
role of being the main funding machine for the business, as will be elaborated
below.

[emphasis added]

15 While the Husband contests some aspects of this account, what is relevant
for present purposes is the Husband’s interpretation of the highlighted
sentence as “I (plaintiff) pleaded with my father … to transfer his 50% (the
defendant, proceed of sales of defendant 50% [B] sold) to me (plaintiff)”, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 50.

which according to the Husband “means the plaintiff took all my proceed of
after selling my 50% stake in [B], where plaintiff kept ALL the said proceed
under her name [emphasis in original]”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 49.

In other words, the Husband interpreted the words “his 50%” in the above
paragraph as referring to the proceeds of his alleged sale of his 50% stake in
[B] to the Wife’s father, whereas she was actually and quite clearly referring
to her father’s alleged 50% shareholding in [E]. Despite this being pointed
out to him at the hearing, he continued to insist that it had something to do
with [B] and the [D] shares, before falling back on the argument that the
Wife’s salary could not have been sufficient to fund the purchase of the
private properties in dispute. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p 94 line 1 to p 97 line 12.

16 The Husband then persisted in the same vein, interpreting the Wife’s claim
that she “essentially took over the role of being the main funding machine for
the business” from the quote above as again referring to [B] Pte Ltd, and
going on at length about how it “TOTALLY MAKE NO SENSE [emphasis in original]”
for the Wife to claim that she needed to inject new funds into [B], given that
it was “flushed with cash”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 102–103.

But a straightforward reading of the section of the Wife’s affidavit quoted at
[14] again makes it clear that she was referring to [E]. This was entirely
consistent with his own admission on affidavit that his Wife “put in, on my
behalf to [E], after I resigned from [B]”, approximately a million dollars. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 112; Hearing Transcript Day 2 (13 Jan 2023) at p 3
line 2 to p 4 line 27.

17 It is thus evident from the above examples that the Husband has a tendency
to misconstrue whatever the Wife says in a manner he thinks supports his case.
Whether this is a deliberate if poorly executed attempt on his part to distort
the Wife’s evidence to suit his case, or the result of genuine inability to
comprehend what he is reading, the end result is that it is extremely
difficult to accord much if any weight to his evidence. For example, the
Husband claimed that the Wife’s father once told him that “he had already
transferred partially then my 50% stake sales of [B]” to the Wife. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 121.

Even if I accept that the Husband was telling the truth, it is difficult to
tell whether the Wife’s father actually identified the [D] shares as belonging
to the Husband during this alleged conversation, or whether he simply
mentioned having transferred the [D] shares to the Wife, which the Husband
simply in his own mind believes are his.

18 As noted above at [89], the Husband also tried to claim the Wife’s shares
in [C] Singapore on the same basis, namely that they were transferred to the
Wife as consideration for his [B] shares and should thus be attributed to him.
But the manner in which he does so only serves to further undermine his case
and his credibility. In this connection, it is important to appreciate how the
Husband’s case concerning the [B] Agreement evolved between his first and
second AOMs. In his first AOM filed on 9 May 2022, the Husband claims that
“when [Wife’s father] is passing away – he will sure allocate further more [D]
or [D] Properties Bhd shares to my former spouse to make up for my stake of
[B] [emphasis added]”, and “in fact, during our course of marriage, my former
wife told me of such arrangement”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 71–72.

Crucially, in this first AOM, he claims only the [D] shares, refers only to
the Wife’s shareholding in [C] Malaysia to illustrate the “fixed formula”, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 62–73.

and makes no mention of or claim for the Wife’s [C] Singapore shares at all.
It is only in his second AOM filed on 13 July 2022, presumably after reading
the Wife’s first AOM and spotting what appeared to him to be a deviation from
the Wife’s father’s “fixed formula” of 20% to sons and 5% to daughters, that
his case evolved into one where that consideration included shares in [C]
Singapore. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 92.

But if there truly had been any [B] Agreement between him and the Wife’s
father, then the Husband’s inability to identify what exactly it entailed, and
particularly what he was supposed to receive in exchange for his [B] stake, is
quite inexplicable. This suggests that the Husband is simply making an
opportunistic attempt to lay claim to as many of the Wife’s assets as he can
plausibly tie to the alleged [B] Agreement.

19 Finally, I also note that [C] Singapore was only incorporated in 2018, with
the Wife receiving her shares therein shortly after. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 110.

On the Husband’s own account, this is well over a decade after any alleged [B]
Agreement would have been made. This significant duration makes it very
difficult to believe that there was in fact any link between the transfer of
the [B] shares to the Wife’s father, and the Wife’s receipt of the [C]
Singapore shares. Indeed, this only strengthens the inference that the Husband
is simply attempting to draw links between the [B] Agreement and as many of
the Wife’s assets as possible, regardless of how tenuous those links might be.

20 Accordingly, I find that the [D] shares and the shares in [C] Singapore
were both simply gifts to the Wife by her father. I accept the Wife’s account
as to why the transfer of the [B] stake took place, namely that the Husband
simply lost interest in [B] Pte Ltd after starting [E] as mentioned above at
[8], and for the reasons laid out above, I reject the Husband’s claim that it
was carried out pursuant to any alleged [B] Agreement. The [D] shares and [C]
Singapore shares, and the dividends therefrom, cannot be considered the
Husband’s, or be attributed to him as his contributions to the marriage. The
implications of this finding will be further explored in my analysis of how
each individual asset ought to be divided.

The appropriate analytical approach

21 Having dealt with the Husband’s specific claim in respect of the [B]
Agreement, I turn to consider the appropriate analytical framework for
determining how parties’ assets ought to be divided based on their respective
contributions to the marriage.

22 The first question is whether the present marriage ought to be considered a
dual-income or a single-income marriage. This distinction is significant
because where a marriage is determined to be a dual-income marriage, the
appropriate analytical approach for division of matrimonial assets would be
the structured approach laid out in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ”). Under
this approach, the court must determine (i) the ratio of parties’ respective
direct contributions to the matrimonial assets, and (ii) the ratio of their
indirect financial and non-financial contributions to the marriage (ANJ at
[22]-[25]). The court will then average the two ratios, which may or may not
be attributed equal weight, to derive each party’s overall contribution to the
family (ANJ at [26]).

23 On the other hand, ANJ’s structured approach should not be applied to
single-income marriages (TNL v TNK and another appeal and another matter
[2017] 1 SLR 609 (“TNL”) at [46]). This is because financial contributions are
not only given recognition under the first step of the structured approach,
which considers parties’ direct contributions to the matrimonial assets, but
also the second step, which includes consideration of indirect financial
contributions to the marriage. As a result, the working spouse may be accorded
a substantial percentage under the second step even if they have made little
or no non-financial contributions. This would unduly favour the working spouse
and cause the non-working spouse to be doubly disadvantaged (TNL at [44]).
Consequently, in long single-income marriages, the court will tend towards an
equal division of the matrimonial assets, while paying heed to precedent cases
and retaining the discretion to deviate from perfect equality (TNL at [48];
UBM v UBN [2017] 4 SLR 921 (“UBM”) at [41], [66]).

24 Here, it is undisputed that the Wife held full-time employment and was
drawing a regular salary. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at p 2, 4; Defendant’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb
2023) at p 43.

What is less clear is whether the Husband ought to be considered as having
been employed. On one hand, caselaw suggests this question turns on a
qualitative assessment of the roles played by each spouse in the marriage
relative to each other (UBM at [50]–[52]), which would appear to place the
focus on parties’ respective contributions to the marriage and the family. In
this regard, the Wife’s evidence is that she effectively raised and
financially supported her two daughters alone. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 32.

She claims to have single-handedly borne the costs of the marriage ceremony,
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 35.

her pregnancies, the purchase and renovation of the parties’ matrimonial home,
the daily upkeep of the family and her daughters’ education, allowances, and
their family holidays. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at paras 35–42.

She also claims that, despite the fact that she and her father provided
financial support to the Husband for several of his business ventures, he
would keep whatever he earned for himself, and spend it on his mistress
instead of the family. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 43; Plaintiff’s AOM (No 2) at para 15.

25 The Husband in some instances explicitly concedes these allegations, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 38.

and does not appear to make any serious attempt to contest the remainder other
than to claim that he was “self-employed” between 1996 and 2020 and that
“since I was the 100% de factor owner and running the show”, he did not draw
any salary. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 11.

The only indirect financial contributions he clearly claims to have made
appear to relate to certain travel-related bookings for the family’s overseas
trips, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 337–343.

and I am mindful that he does not seem to contest the Wife’s allegations that
she was the one who was ultimately paying his credit card bills at the end of
the day. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at paras 105, 114; Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan
2023) at p 15 lines 25–30.

Additionally, to the extent that his case is that his indirect financial
contributions comprised dividends from the [D] shares, and/or [C] Malaysia,
this would be premised on the notion that they ought rightfully to be
attributed to him in the first place, a claim which I have found to be wholly
without merit. All this leads to the conclusion that the Wife would have been
the only one supporting the family financially. Insofar as the question
whether a marriage is single-income or dual-income turns on a qualitative
assessment of parties’ contributions, this would seem to weigh in favour of
considering this a single-income marriage.

26 However, I am of the view that the better approach to the question whether
a marriage ought to be considered single-income or dual-income is to focus on
capacity to contribute rather than actual contributions. I find support for
this in the following passage from TNL at [42], which reads:

We have no doubt that the ANJ approach works well in what, for the sake of
convenience, we shall refer to as “Dual-Income Marriages”, ie, marriages where
both spouses are working and are therefore able to make both direct and
indirect financial contributions to the household. This was in fact the type
of marriage before this court in ANJ itself… [emphasis added]

27 I read this passage as placing the focus on whether parties are drawing an
income and therefore able to make financial contributions towards the family,
rather than whether they actually contributed that income towards the family.
I regard this to be a more principled approach. It must be recalled that the
reason why the ANJ structured approach should not be applied to single-income
marriages is because to do so would unduly disadvantage the non-working spouse
(TNL at [44]). A focus on actual rather than potential capacity for financial
contribution would allow a spouse who is drawing an income to avail himself of
a more favourable methodology for division of assets, by simply declining to
contribute such income towards the family and so rendering himself a “non-
working spouse”. In my view, this would be neither just nor equitable, and
inconsistent with the “spirit in which TNL v TNK was decided” (UBM at [49]).
As Debbie Ong JC (as she then was) remarked in UBM at [49]:

…I do not think the Court of Appeal intended to draw a thick black line
separating cases where the main homemaker worked intermittently for a few
years in the course of a long marriage from cases where the homemaker had not
worked a single day, applying the structured approach in ANJ v ANK ([2] supra)
only in the former situation while excluding it in the latter. To do so may
place a full-time homemaker (who has not worked at all during marriage) in a
better position than a homemaker who also worked but brought far less income
into the marriage than the main breadwinner. [emphasis added]

28 The court should eschew any approach which may place a spouse who can but
declines to financially contribute to the family in a better position than one
who can and does in fact so contribute. In this spirit, I assess the present
marriage on the basis of parties’ capacity for financial contribution, rather
than their actual financial contributions.

29 I find that the Husband did indeed have some form of income which he could
have contributed to the marriage. While he claimed that he did not draw any
salary as noted above at [24], it difficult to accept such an assertion at
face value. It is difficult to believe that a self-employed businessman could
have gone unremunerated for more than 20 years, when on his own account, he
was not only awarded a “NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the world’s
most powerful military alliance between the USA and Europe)’s funded project
for Malaysia military”, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 55.

but various other projects for the “Malaysia Military of Defence”, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 86.

Maxis Telecom, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 88.

the Malaysian Parliament, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 90.

and Apple Inc. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 93.

Furthermore, while the Husband claimed that he took no salary because he
wanted to apply all of the company’s profits towards expanding its business,
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 97.

it would appear that he was able to afford two Malaysian properties whose
combined purchase price comes just short of RM1,000,000, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 4.

just under RM100,000 on various maintenance and renovation works in respect of
[Condominium 1] over very slightly more than a year, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 16–17.

and monthly expenses of approximately $1200 per month on average. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 15.

30 In any event, even if the Husband truly received no remuneration whatsoever
from [B] Pte Ltd or [E], he admits to having had “two (2) major incomes in my
adult working life”, these being “US Equity’s investment mainly for capital
gain”, and a “HK $ based portfolio”, both of which were started with the
surplus cash from disposal of certain Malaysian properties. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 23.

On the Husband’s own account, these income streams were the product of putting
his “[in-depth] knowledge of technology & insight into REAL world for REAL
test [emphasis in original]”, 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 24.

and the considerable effort he seems to have expended in reading US Securities
Exchange Commission documents and re-investing his capital gains. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 25, 32.

These investment activities should be regarded as constituting at least part
of his occupation and corresponding income, and the Husband ought therefore be
considered as having been employed and drawing an income, making this a dual-
income marriage in respect of which the ANJ structured approach is to be
applied in the division of matrimonial assets. That said, I also bear in mind
that even where this approach is applicable, it is not intended to be used as
a set of “hard and fast rules that must immutably be applied even to cases of
exceptional facts”, and that its limitations can be avoided if it is instead
simply “embraced as a useful guide to be exercised within a broad brush
approach” (UBM at [58]).

31 Finally, I also must consider whether the matrimonial assets should be
assessed as a single pool, or in distinct classes. The court may determine a
just and equitable division of the entire pool of matrimonial assets in light
of the parties direct and indirect contributions and all the circumstances of
the case. This is known as the global assessment methodology. Alternatively,
the court may employ the classification methodology, which entails dividing
the matrimonial assets into distinct classes and determining a just and
equitable division of each class or the value thereof (NK v NL [2007] 3 SLR(R)
743 at [31]–[32]; AYQ v AYR and another matter [2013] 1 SLR 476 (“AYQ”) at
[17]).

32 In the present case, parties are in agreement that each asset ought to be
considered separately from the others. In light of the arguments made and the
circumstances in respect of each asset, I am of the view that it is necessary
to separately consider each asset or class thereof, and will therefore proceed
with the division of the parties’ assets accordingly.

Parties’ indirect contributions

33 While direct contributions may vary between assets or classes of assets,
indirect contributions must be assessed retrospectively and be reflected
consistently across each (AYQ at [23]; TNC v TND [2016] 3 SLR 1172 at [39]). I
find it appropriate to consider the parties’ relative indirect contributions
over the course of the entire marriage, before proceeding to the actual
apportionment of each asset or class of assets.

34 As has already been discussed at some length above at [24]–[2526], the
parties’ evidence paints a picture of a marriage in which the Husband made
very few indirect financial contributions to the marriage, if any at all.
Regrettably, a similar picture emerges in respect of the Husband’s indirect
non-financial contributions. According to the Wife, the Husband would rarely,
if ever, accompany her to the obstetrician, and was absent for the deliveries
of both their daughters. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at paras 54–56.

He had no interest in choosing their names, took no part in their day-to-day
care as he was always in Malaysia, contributed little if anything to the daily
chores and upkeep of the home except to complain about the lack of cleanliness
and demand that the Wife redo them. He would not attend any parent-teacher
meetings. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at paras 57–67.

Moreover, he was also frequently abusive and unfaithful, such that on the rare
occasions when he was in Singapore rather than in Malaysia with his mistress,
the Wife and her daughters would be in “constant fear” of him. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at paras 68–85.

35 In this regard, I am of the view that the true state of affairs is
marginally more nuanced than the Wife makes it out to be. Admittedly, much of
the Husband’s evidence is confusing and not obviously relevant. For example,
exhibiting screenshots of what appear to be advertisements from property
agents in his WhatsApp chat inbox does very little to support his assertion
that he was actively seeking to maximize the couple’s rental income. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 133–134.

Similarly, highlighting the fact that he “sourced and then ordered (4 weeks
waiting) this mid-century egg-shaped lunge chair” and contributed “some of my
personal collected art-laced skating boards”, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 170–173.

seems little more than grasping at straws. However, there are several pieces
of evidence pointing towards genuine and relevant contributions which he made
to the marriage. He provides screenshots of WhatsApp conversations between
himself and various property agents which show that he had at least some part
in coordinating the maintenance and upkeep of both the matrimonial home, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 182–194.

as well as the couple’s private properties, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 146–168.

although I note that the Wife does provide evidence of having made similar
contributions as well. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 2) at paras 71–79, 84.

He also does appear to have taken the children swimming on at least several
occasions, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 77.

was involved in the “planning, reservation and execution” of several family
overseas trips, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 333–349.

and had engaged the children in the discussion of “weird but knowledgeable
discussion topics”, such as the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and a comparative
analysis of universal healthcare in the United States and Singapore, which
“99% of Asian parents don’t discuss” with their children. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 299–330.

I am unwilling to write this off as having been done purely “for his own
intellectual and personal satisfaction and not out of love for his children”,
as the Wife claims. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 2) at para 93.

Parties to a marriage may contribute to the raising of their children in
different ways, whether through providing for their material and emotional
needs, or broadening their horizons and teaching them about the world. While
such contributions might be made light of when viewed retrospectively through
the haze of acrimony and bitterness surrounding a divorce, it does not make
them any less of a contribution to the family.

36 That said, I am nonetheless largely inclined to accept the essence of the
Wife’s version of events, which is that much like the Husband’s indirect
financial contributions, his indirect non-financial contributions should be
considered minimal. For the most part, the Husband makes no serious attempt to
meet the Wife’s allegations head-on, other than by asserting that he did in
fact accompany the Wife to the obstetrician on several occasions. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 70.

He sidesteps the issue of their wedding by claiming that his Wife’s parents
were “already rich” and knew of his disdain for “things that are prom and
pageantry, non-productive and devoid of knowledgeable endeavor”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 69.

He also claims that “it was not true” that he was absent for the deliveries of
both of their children, and that he “picked up my mother and both of us went
to Mount Alvernia Hospital in Thomson road” after his “dinner with US visiting
Qualifying customers in East Coast Seafood Market”, but despite offering to
“have my mother to her statement record, to back this event up”, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 73.

no such statement was adduced in evidence.

37 More importantly, the Husband offers no real response to the Wife’s claim
that she was the main caregiver of the children, despite her holding a full-
time job and his lack thereof. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 63–64.

No response, that is, aside from disparaging her rushing home to cook and do
household chores for the family, helping the children with their homework,
waiting with them for the school bus, and generally caring for their needs, as
“dotted love” and “like rubbish love”, and trying to take credit for their
academic achievement and independence. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 81–83.

If the Wife might have been slightly uncharitable in the way in which she
characterised the Husband’s discussions with their children as mentioned at
[35], his denigration of her acts of service and sacrifice for the family is
wholly beyond understanding or justification, and makes quite clear why she
has come to see his contributions in such a negative light. Indeed, this
denigration suggests that he considered such contributions as entirely beneath
him, which in turn makes it very unlikely that he himself would have made any
other than those which he specifically asserts. This effectively corroborates
the Wife’s position about his non-financial contributions.

38 The Husband is also conspicuously silent on the issue of his numerous
adulterous affairs, which began in 2003 and persisted throughout the marriage,
79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at paras 49, 89.

and because of which he spent the majority of his time in Malaysia. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 77.

Such extra-marital affairs severely impinged on the amount of time he had to
spend with his family in Singapore, and his capacity to make indirect
contributions to the family (UTQ v UTR [2019] SGHCF 13 at [38]; UTN v UTO and
another [2019] SGHCF 18 at [87(f)]). I also cannot ignore the Wife’s
unchallenged assertions that the Husband was taking her income and spending it
on his extra-marital affairs. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 42, 45; Plaintiff’s AOM (No 2) at para 11;
Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at Annex A para 5(f).

39 I also consider the allegations of abuse made by the Wife against the
Husband. In some cases, the Husband responds by insisting that his conduct was
justified. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 84–86.

In some, and to his credit, he accepts responsibility and acknowledges that he
was in the wrong without reservation. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 87, 89.

In some others, he does so with less-than-subtle hints of superiority, such as
by explaining his unreasonable demands on the basis that: 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 84.

“…as a perfectionist and I expect people around me – behave and perfect like
me!! Of course, I was too young to understand this was not possible”.

40 However, what is consistent in his reaction to all these allegations of
abusive behaviour is that he makes no attempt to deny that they actually
occurred, neither does he seriously challenge the claim that such behaviour
was a regular occurrence. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at Annex A para 16.

Much like the Husband’s wanton adultery, his foul and domineering behaviour is
another factor which is relevant in assessing parties’ indirect contributions
to the marriage (AVM v AWH [2015] 4 SLR 1274 at [67(a)], [69], [78]).

41 In the round, and bearing in mind that the court should not be further
breaking down the second step of the ANJ structured approach by assigning
separate ratios for indirect financial and non-financial contributions (TNL at
[47]), I would assess the parties’ indirect contributions to be 80:20 in
favour of the Wife.

42 I recognise that such a ratio might seem at odds with the trend towards
equal division in long marriages, whether single-income or dual-income, and
the underlying philosophy of marriage as an equal partnership (UBM at [66];
TNL at [45]). However, I do not think that this is the case, and I begin by
examining precedent.

43 In WGE v WGF [2023] SGHCF 26 (“WGE”), which involved a marriage of just
over ten years, the court assessed parties’ indirect contributions at 70:30 in
favour of the wife, who cared for the child of the marriage and the home
without the help of a domestic helper or family members (at [158] and [162]).
On the other hand, the husband was often away from home traveling for work,
and the court made clear that “the fact that the Husband did spend some time
with the child did not equate to his being an involved father” (at [159]). The
court made clear that “where the wife has borne the bulk of the responsibility
for the child(ren) of the marriage, the courts have tended to attribute to the
wife a far higher percentage of the parties’ indirect contributions than 50% –
even where the husband is the sole breadwinner” (at [160]).

44 In coming to this conclusion, the court in WGE also conducted a
comprehensive and succinct survey of several other cases in which the ratio of
indirect contributions was heavily weighted towards one party. In TIT v TIU
and another appeal [2016] 3 SLR 1137, parties indirect contributions were
assessed at 35:65 in favour of a wife who had been the “sole anchor at home”
(at [36]–[37]). In UAP v UAQ [2018] 3 SLR 319, a full-time homemaker’s
indirect contributions were assessed at 80%, as her husband was often on
overseas attachments and attending night classes, and focused on his piloting
career as well as side businesses and other ventures (at [80]). In TYS v TYT
[2017] 5 SLR 244, the wife’s indirect contributions were assessed at 75% owing
to her role as the primary caregiver of the parties’ son who was on the
autistic spectrum, and despite the fact that the husband had made “significant
indirect financial contributions” (at [42]). Even where a husband was found in
TUV v TUW [2016] SGHCF 15 to have “contributed to the family’s welfare in no
small amount” by taking care of the home and the other children when one of
them fell ill with cancer (at [40]), the wife was awarded 60% of indirect
contributions. Similarly, in BNS v BNT [2017] 4 SLR 213, an “involved father”
who made “significant indirect financial contributions” was awarded only 40%
of indirect contributions (at [41]–[44]). It is generally in cases where there
are no children to the marriage, that indirect contributions tend to be
assessed on a more equal basis (WGE at [155]). And it cannot be overemphasised
that in all these cases, as well as in WGE itself, the husband was
contributing financially to the upkeep of the family. Surely a similarly
favourable attribution of indirect contributions is due to a wife who has not
only borne the bulk of the responsibility of caring for the children and
providing for the family, but also the suffering caused by the Husband’s
wanton infidelity and domineering nature. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Hearing Transcript Day 2 (13 Jan 2023) at p 61 lines 1–8.

45 The philosophy of marriage views it as an equal partnership of different
efforts (UBM at [60]; CLT v CLS and another matter [2021] SGHCF 29 (“CLT”) at
[76]; UYP v UYQ [2020] 3 SLR 683 (“UYP”) at [105]). What this means is that
financial and non-financial contributions are equally recognised and accorded
a similar degree of importance. This militates against giving greater
recognition to breadwinning and less to homemaking (CLT at [76]; UBM at [28];
NK v NL [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 at [20]). Indirect contributions also tend to
feature more prominently in longer marriages (ANJ at [27]). Hence, the
tendency towards equality in such cases. However, I do not think that, in an
exceptional case where the evidence clearly shows that one party made the vast
majority of both financial and non-financial contributions to the marriage,
the court must nevertheless close its eyes and pretend that it was in fact an
approximately equal partnership of different efforts, simply because it is a
long marriage. And while the broad brush approach directs the court to refrain
from incentivising calculative behaviour or nitpicking in assessing parties’
contributions (UBM at [60]; UYP at [64]), it is the Husband who appears to be
nitpicking, or perhaps more likely clutching at straws, when he points towards
the occasional swimming outing, specific correspondence with contractors, and
“weird but knowledgeable” discussions with his children, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 299.

in what appears to be an attempt to demonstrate that he made some contribution
towards the family. This being an exceptional case, I am of the view that an
exceptional outcome is justified and indeed required by the facts. Indeed,
assessing the Husband’s indirect contributions at 20% in the present case is
arguably generous, given that the husbands in the above precedents at least
made some indirect financial contribution, while he does not appear to have
done so here.

The division of the disputed assets

46 I now turn to consider whether the disputed assets are indeed matrimonial
assets subject to division, and if they are, how they should be divided in
accordance with ANJ’s structured approach, bearing in mind the overall ratio
of 80:20 representing the parties’ indirect contributions.

Assets concerning which there is no substantial disagreement

47 I note that there are several disputed assets in respect of which there is
in fact little or no real disagreement as to how they should be apportioned
between the parties, notwithstanding the differing positions expressed in
their joint summary. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022).

I will deal with these before turning to those assets regarding which there is
a more substantial dispute.

The Husband’s TD Ameritrade Account

48 It is not disputed that the Wife transferred US$88,000.00 and S$39,340.00
to the Husband with the intention that the money be used to invest in shares
on her behalf, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 44; Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p
52 lines 16–26, p 53 lines 4–6.

through a TD Ameritrade Account in the Husband’s name. The Wife now seeks
repayment of these sums from the Husband. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (19 Dec 2022) at para 85(c); Plaintiff’s
Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at para 52.

On the other hand, the Husband appears more inclined to transfer to her the
shares which he bought on her behalf. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p 52 lines 25–26.

In essence, parties are in agreement that this investment ought to be returned
to the Wife, with the disagreement being only in respect of the form in which
that return ought to be made.

49 At this juncture, I note that the Husband’s position in the parties’ joint
summary was that he ought to be allowed to retain 100% of the value of his TD
Ameritrade Account. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022) at p 6.

His reason for this was that the Wife had apparently sent him a WhatsApp
message in which she told him “You can have it, everything”, which he
interpreted as meaning that she was relinquishing any claim on his TD
Ameritrade Account. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p 53 lines 8–11.

However, it emerged that she had been referring to her own TD Ameritrade
account, which she had opened by the time the WhatsApp exchange took place on
27 July 2020. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p 61 lines 21–27, p 63 line 3 to p
65 line 3.

The Wife’s message therefore did not evince any agreement as to how the
contents of his TD Ameritrade account ought to be divided, and is of no value
in informing my decision on this issue.

50 On the Wife’s account, “the intention was always for him to return the
investment portfolio to me”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 44.

She also appears to accept the Husband’s claim that the sums transferred to
him were invested in shares in Alibaba and Tencent, which were held in his TD
Ameritrade account and identified in his first AOM. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 5.

The total cost of acquiring these shares also appears to approximate the sum
which the Wife claims to have transferred to the Husband for this purpose,
with the difference likely attributable to exchange rate fluctuations. It is
worth mentioning that, during the hearing, the Husband claimed that “the share
will worth … more money” than the sums which he originally invested on the
Wife’s behalf. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p 52 lines 21–22.

This is clearly untrue. According to the figures he provides, as of 1 May
2022, the Alibaba shares which he purchased at around US$170 to US$175 per
share were worth US$97.09, and the Tencent shares purchased at prices ranging
from US$48.55 to US$53.30 were worth US$47.07, yielding a total loss of over
US$30,000.00. This is yet another inconsistency in the Husband’s evidence
which undermines his credibility. Nevertheless, the understanding between the
parties was that the investment portfolio would be managed by the Husband on
behalf of the Wife and that she would enjoy any gains therefrom. The corollary
is that any losses would also be hers to bear. The fact that it did not
perform as well as she might have hoped, or as well as the Husband wanted the
court to believe, does not change this. As there does not appear to be any
reason not to give effect to parties’ original intentions in respect of this
asset, I order that the Husband return the shares which he bought using the
funds in question.

The Wife’s loans to the Husband

51 It is not disputed that the Wife regularly loaned money to the Husband over
the course of the marriage. However, there is some disagreement as to the
exact amount. First, while it is agreed that the Wife loaned money to the
Husband which he applied towards the operational costs of [E], 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions (19 Dec 2022) at para 85(a); Defendant’s AOM
(No 2) at p 112.

there is some disagreement over exactly how much was loaned. The Wife claims a
figure of S$1,098,301.73, 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at para 48; Plaintiff’s
Voluntary Affidavit (14 July 2022) at para 10.

while the Husband claims that it should be S$1,089,937.00. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 112.

Based on the Wife’s documents, which records some loans in Singapore dollars
and some in Malaysian ringgit, the difference appears to turn on the exchange
rate between the two currencies, with the Husband using an approximate
exchange rate of 1 SGD to RM3.05269, and the Wife using an approximate
exchange rate of 1 SGD to RM2.93785. Absent any evidence as to which I should
prefer, and bearing in mind that these transactions took place over a period
of several years, I adopt an approximate midpoint of S$1 to RM3, which yields
a sum of S$1,093,695.39. This is the figure I shall adopt.

52 The Wife’s written submissions seem to suggest that she is also seeking the
return of S$1,249,840.84 which she had “loaned to the Husband throughout the
marriage”. This appears to be a distinct sum from that applied towards [E].
101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (19 Dec 2022) at para 85(b).

However, the footnote to this claim refers to paragraph 10 of her Voluntary
Affidavit filed on 14 July 2022, which adopts the figure of S$1,098,301.73,
the same amount which she claimed to have applied towards [E]. The previous
paragraph of her Voluntary Affidavit also clearly discusses sums loaned to
[E]. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Plaintiff’s Voluntary Affidavit (14 July 2022) at para 9.

It is therefore not clear to me whether she is making a claim for a series of
loans distinct from those made to [E]. However, as no further mention was made
of the sum of S$1,249,840.84, either during the hearing before me or in her
written closing submissions, I shall say no more about it, and consider only
the sum loaned to [E], which I have found to be S$1,093,695.39.

53 The court has the power to order the repayment of sums loaned by one spouse
to another (Yeong Swan Ann v Lim Fei Yen [1999] 1 SLR(R) 49 (“Yeong Swan Ann”)
at [23]), and I find that it would be appropriate to do so in the present
case. The Court of Appeal in Yeong Swan Ann observed that it had been
“conclusively proved” that the sum in question had been loaned by the wife to
the husband, based on the husband’s handwritten note (at [23]). It also agreed
with the trial judge’s opinion that wife’s having “primarily shouldered the
financial burden for the duration of the seven years’ marriage, both in
maintaining the family or purchasing motor vehicles or making investments” was
a factor which favoured ordering the Husband to repay the sums which she had
loaned him (at [23]).

54 As is apparent from the evidence canvassed above at [24]–[25] and
[34]–[40], this was not a situation of a mutually supportive partnership, in
which both parties would be expected to share both the costs and the fruits of
any economic enterprise undertaken by one and supported by the other. In these
circumstances, I would follow Yeong Swan Ann and order that the S$1,093,695.39
loaned by the Wife to the Husband be returned to her.

[Condominium 1]

55 The Husband holds legal title to a condominium unit in Johor Bahru
development called [Condominium 1]. While the Wife’s position is that she is
the beneficial owner, the Husband claims that it “does not belong to me or my
former spouse”, and that he wants to return it to the Wife’s father’s estate
once the Husband has been repaid the maintenance fees he had incurred in
respect of the property. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022) at p 6–7; Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023)
at p 59 lines 2– 14.

56 However, the Wife adduced evidence of a trust deed signed by the Husband,
in which he had declared that he held [Condominium 1] on trust for the Wife
and was to convey or transfer it to such person or persons as she should
direct. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at p 73.

When confronted with this, he acknowledged that he held it on trust for the
Wife and was bound to transfer it to her upon her request. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p 67 line 8.

I thus order that he do so. That said, the Wife is to reimburse the Husband
for the maintenance fees of RM176,937.34 incurred in maintaining the property.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 16.

[Condominium 4]

57 The parties’ eldest daughter is the legal owner of a condominium unit in a
development by the name of [Condominium 4]. While both parties seem to have
played some part in selecting the unit and deciding to buy it, its purchase
was funded entirely by the Wife. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 2) at para 62; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb
2023) at para 46.

The Husband makes no serious attempt to dispute this, or to claim any part of
it for himself. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at p 48; Joint Summary (19 Dec
2022) at p 16.

Rather, he requests “the presiding court to insert [parties’ youngest
daughter] to receive the other 50% of this asset as equal beneficial owner as
her eldest sister, under a new trust to be set up”, as it was “meant for both
daughters’ offspring interests”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022) at p 19.

His position seems to be that it was registered under the eldest daughter’s
sole name because the parties’ wanted to minimize the stamp duty payable, and
the youngest was then still in the United States. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022) at p 17.

58 I have little difficulty dismissing the Husband’s request. The matrimonial
jurisdiction of the court cannot be exercised to decide the legal rights of
third parties (UDA v UDB and another [2018] 1 SLR 1015 at [53]). I thus make
no order regarding [Condominium 4].

Assets concerning which there is a substantial dispute

59 I thus turn to consider those remaining assets in respect of the
apportionment of which there is substantial disagreement.

The matrimonial home

60 The parties’ matrimonial home is a jointly owned Housing Development Board
unit, which they have resided in for the major part of their marriage. The
Wife’s position is that, after any CPF refunds and other liabilities are paid
off, the remaining proceeds from the sale of the property should be paid
wholly to her. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at para 12.

The Husband’s position is that the proceeds from the sale should be divided
equally. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 16.

61 A property attains the status of a matrimonial home by virtue of having
been used for “settled domestic occupation for a substantial period” or
otherwise served as the “cradle of the marriage” (TND v TNC and another appeal
[2017] SGCA 34 at [34]–[36]), and will be considered a quintessential
matrimonial asset regardless of when and how it was acquired and even if it
was a gift or inheritance (Wan Lai Cheng v Quek Seow Kee and another appeal
and another matter [2012] 4 SLR 405 at [59(d)]; USB v USA and another appeal
[2020] 2 SLR 588 at [19(a)]). It is thus liable to be divided between the
parties. Absent any agreement as to how this should be done, I am bound to
apply the relevant principles governing the division of matrimonial assets.

62 Having assessed parties’ indirect contributions at 80:20 in favour of the
Wife, I consider their direct contributions to the acquisition of the
matrimonial home. Parties agree that the Husband contributed S$84,155.80, and
the Wife contributed S$281,110.83. This yields a ratio of 77.0:23.0 in favour
of the Wife, rounded to one decimal place. When this is averaged with the
ratio of the parties’ indirect contributions of 80:20, the overall ratio is
78.5:21.5 in favour of the Wife. Taking the Wife’s estimate of the net value
of the matrimonial home as S$210,634.46 after outstanding liabilities and CPF
refunds are accounted for, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiff’s Supplementary Affidavit (1 Feb 2023) at paras 7–8.

the Husband would expect to receive approximately S$45,286.41 when it is sold,
and the Wife would expect to receive S$165,348.05, with all figures rounded to
the nearest cent.

[Condominium 2] and [Condominium 3]

63 The Wife holds two private properties in her name. I shall refer to them as
[Condominium 2] and [Condominium 3] respectively.

64 The Husband claims that these properties “have to be 100% returned” to him,
as their acquisition was fully funded by proceeds from “his” [D] shares. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022) at p 54–55.

His case is that the Wife could not possibly have funded the purchase of
either [Condominium 2] or [Condominium 3], because while she could on his
estimation only have earned about S$3.77 million over the course of her entire
29-year career, she had S$9.172 million in her bank account as of the filing
of the parties’ joint summary on 12 December 2022, which according to him “is
almost 2x of her career’s earning”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022) at p 57.

In essence, his argument seems to be that the fact that she had so much left
in her bank account after buying the properties despite having earned such a
“meagre” salary, means that the properties must have been purchased with “his”
funds, rather than hers.

65 The Husband’s argument is untenable for several reasons. First, as
discussed above at [20], there is no basis for attributing the [D] shares or
any dividends therefrom to him. Second, the evidence incontrovertibly shows
that the properties were paid for out of one of the Wife’s bank accounts, into
which account her salary was deposited (the “salary account”). 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Hearing Transcript Day 2 (13 Jan 2023) at p 39 line 13 to p 42 line 30;
Plaintiff’s Supplementary Affidavit (1 Feb 2023) at paras 12–18.

66 Third, while the Husband claims that the properties must be attributable to
him because the Wife’s salary could not have been sufficient to afford it, I
note that the Wife has numerous time deposits, trading accounts, unit trusts,
insurance policies, shares (even excluding the value of the [D] shares and [C]
Singapore shares), and funds in other bank accounts. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022) at p 19–46; Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at p 2–10.

These assets are together worth tens of millions of dollars in themselves, to
say nothing of the dividends they would have yielded. Even the Husband admits,
albeit in the context of trying to ward off a potential maintenance claim,
that the Wife’s “annual income compensation annually is more than SGD 350 k or
more, plus vested [bank] shares that worth million in dollars over the years”,
and that “the said share pays regular dividends”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Defence and Counterclaim (5 October 2021) at p 18.

He also admits that she received a sizable inheritance from her father. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p 82.

There is thus no basis to infer that [Condominium 2]and [Condominium 3] must
have been funded with proceeds from the [D] shares.

67 However, as [Condominium 2] and [Condominium 3] were funded out of her
salary account, this means that they were purchased with income acquired
during the marriage. They are thus matrimonial assets, liable to division.

68 Applying the first step of the ANJ structured approach, the only
contributions which the Husband claims to have made towards the purchase of
these properties are the dividends from the [D] shares. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022) at p 54–57.

Having rejected the alleged [B] Agreement, and having found that the
properties were fully funded out of the Wife’s salary account, the ratio of
parties’ direct contributions to these assets are assessed to be 100:0 in
favour of the Wife. When averaged with the 80:20 ratio of indirect
contributions, this yields an overall ratio of 90:10 in favour of the Wife.
The Wife estimates that the total value of these two properties is
S$5,755,000. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at para 39.

The Husband is thus entitled to 10% of this amount, or S$575,500, and the Wife
is entitled to the remaining 90%, which is S$5,179,500.

[D] Shares, [C] Malaysia shares, and [C] Singapore shares

69 As noted above at [7]–[8], The Husband claims that the [D] shares held by
the Wife should be returned to him on the basis that they were transferred to
the Wife as consideration for his transfer of his stake in [B] Pte Ltd to the
Wife’s father. He also claims that those shares which she holds in [C]
Singapore should be returned to him as well. I note that it is not entirely
clear exactly how much of the Wife’s [C] Singapore shares he is claiming. In
the parties’ joint summary, he takes the position that the [C] Singapore
shares “shall be 100% returned to me”. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022) at p 31.

However, in his closing submissions filed on 17 February 2023, his position is
that the Wife only needs to return to him those shares which she received “in
exceed of her 5% stake”, that 5% stake being what she should have received
under her father’s “fixed formula”. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at p 47.

70 It is also not totally clear what his position is with regard to the Wife’s
shares in [C] Malaysia, because he again takes contradictory positions in his
joint summary as compared with his written submissions. In the former, he
claims S$3.08 million against the Wife’s [C] Malaysia shares, 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022) at p 29–30.

while in the latter, his position is that he is “NOT claiming any of the
plaintiff’s inheritance from [[C] Malaysia]”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at p 47.

71 In any event, as all these claims are premised on the alleged [B]
Agreement, they must fail. There is also no evidence that the [D] shares, the
[C] Singapore shares, or the [C] Malaysia shares were intended as a gift to
both parties, ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or their children, or
substantially improved by the Husband during the marriage. They appear simply
to have been gifts from the Wife’s father to the Wife. They are not
matrimonial assets and hence are not liable for division, and I therefore make
no order in respect thereof.

The Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd and Maybank Premier 1 accounts

72 The Wife has a trading account with Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd, and
a Maybank Premier 1 bank account. The Husband lays claim to their contents on
the basis that they contain dividends from the [D] shares. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Joint Summary (19 Dec 2022) at p 23, 26.

Having rejected the alleged [B] Agreement, it follows that I must reject the
Husband’s claim that the contents of these accounts should be considered his,
or his contribution to the marriage. Furthermore, as the [D] shares were gifts
from the Wife’s father, the dividends which she received therefrom retain that
character (VOD v VOC and another appeal [2022] SGHC(A) 6 at [66]–[74]; UFU
(M.W.) v UFV [2017] SGHCF 23 at [117]–[121]). They are not matrimonial assets
liable to division, and I thus make no order in respect thereof.

Adverse inference against the Husband

73 As noted at [8], the Husband owned and ran a business called [E]. In the
joint summary, he claimed that [E] had been “transformed” into [E] Plt, which
at the hearing he clarified to mean that [E] had been converted from a private
limited company to a limited liability partnership. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p 127 lines 27–31.

74 There is some dispute over the history and ownership of [E]. The Wife
claims that [E] was funded by her father and initially owned by the Husband
and her father, in equal shares of 50% each. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 43(f).

Her father later transferred his 50% shareholding to her, which the Husband
later “whittled down” to a mere 1% stake before converting [E] into [E] Plt.
129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiff’s AOM (No 1) at para 43(h)(iii).

On the other hand, the Husband claims that [E] had originally been a dormant
company owned by the Wife’s father, which he later renamed. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at p 13.

He also claims that, from the time of its renaming, he had always owned almost
all of [E]’s shares, 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at p 14.

and that the miniscule shareholding currently held the Wife was assigned to
her only in 2002. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at p 19.

75 However, the real issue in relation to [E] and [E] Plt concerns the
Husband’s persistent refusal to make any meaningful disclosure of documents
regarding the two entities. No information pertaining to the value of either
entity is provided in either of the Husband’s AOMs or the joint summary, other
than to show that he was planning to close it down, and to claim that “[E] has
no value” as he planned to close it down without disclosing its “mechanism” to
“outsiders”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 10–13.

In particular, his tabulation of “revenue vs expenses & accountability”
contains no reference whatsoever to any profit or revenue derived from [E] or
[E] Plt, despite the fact that he clearly seems to understand that the
“expense” part of the equation includes the money that the Wife put into [E]
on his behalf. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 112.

It must also be recalled that the Husband had earlier insisted that the reason
he drew no salary from [E] was because he was “the 100% de factor owner and
running the show”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 11.

He also claims that in the years after leaving [B] Pte Ltd, he was awarded
projects with NATO, the Malaysian government, and several large commercial
companies. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 83–93.

This being the case, unless the court is to believe that [E] was not nearly as
successful as the Husband claims it to have been, the repeated re-investment
of profits into expansion must surely have yielded sizable capital or assets,
which cannot simply have disappeared into thin air upon its conversion into
[E] Plt.

76 Furthermore, not only did the Husband fail to voluntarily disclose any
information regarding [E] and [E] Plt, but he persistently refused to do so
even when so directed. On the first day of the hearing, the Husband explained
his failure to provide any documents pertaining to either [E] or [E] Plt by
saying that he had already provided the Wife a link to “the Malaysia the SSM”,
from which he claimed she could retrieve all necessary information for
herself. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p 131 lines 19–22.

When he was told that this was not satisfactory and that he needed to furnish
the relevant documents to the Wife’s counsel, he agreed to do so. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p 132 lines 3–22.

Yet instead of doing as instructed and agreed, he had simply sent the very
same link to the Wife’s counsel. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Hearing Transcript Day 2 (13 Jan 2023) at p 57 lines 1–15.

Even after again being admonished and directed to provide the relevant
financial documents to the Wife on the second day of the hearing, 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Plaintiff’s Supplementary Affidavit (1 Feb 2023) at para 32.

the documents he did end up producing related only to [E], which according to
the Husband no longer exists, and not [E] Plt, into which [E] had allegedly
been “transformed”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Plaintiff’s Supplementary Affidavit (1 Feb 2023) at para 34; Joint Summary (19
Dec 2022) at p 28.

77 Moreover, I agree with the Wife that the documents which were produced
raise more questions than answers. They show that as of 2018, [E] had
RM391,867.51 in assets, a share capital of RM1,000,000, and liabilities of
RM642,623.59 of which RM598,632.99 was a loan “due to director”. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Plaintiff’s Supplementary Affidavit (1 Feb 2023) at para 35, p 433.

However, they also suggest that by 2019, [E] “maintained zero value”, 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Plaintiff’s Supplementary Affidavit (1 Feb 2023) at p 429; 435–449.

but did nothing to explain how this might have occurred. The Husband’s bare
assertion that he simply decided to shut down the business in March 2020 does
little to explain why it had effectively been reflected as worthless by 2019.
144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Plaintiff’s Supplementary Affidavit (1 Feb 2023) at p 435.

In a similar vein, the Husband’s claim that [E] Plt was of “no value” made no
sense in light of his concession that all of [E]’ assets and business were
transferred to it, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p 128 lines 7–14.

and is therefore one I find impossible to accept without comprehensive
documentation to demonstrate how this might be the case. His professed
willingness to transfer 100% of [E] Plt to the Wife in no way excuses his
obfuscation and ultimate refusal to provide any record or information
regarding the value, capital, and assets of [E] and [E] Plt, how they might
have been expended, or to whom they might have been transferred. After all,
without such information, the Wife would simply be none the wiser if she ended
up receiving a worthless company whose assets had in fact been transferred to
some other entity beyond her reach or knowledge.

78 Aside from the Husband’s evident failure to make full and frank disclosure
in respect of [E] and [E] Plt, the Wife also takes issue with several other
deficiencies in his evidence, the most pertinent of which being how he was
able to afford two properties in Malaysia, 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) p 4.

if he had received no remuneration from [B] Pte Ltd or [E]. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at para 59(e).

He claims that he was meeting his expenses using income derived from his
various investment portfolios mentioned above at [30]. However, this does not
answer the question where he obtained the funds to acquire the two Malaysian
properties, whose sale proceeds he claimed were used to start at least one of
those portfolios in the first place. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 23.

It does him no good to claim that those properties were funded with the gains
made from the other portfolio, as that in turn simply begs the question how he
acquired the funds to start it.

79 I thus am of the view that it would be appropriate to draw an adverse
inference against the Husband. Such an inference may be drawn where (UZN v UZM
[2021] 1 SLR 426 (“UZN”) at [18]):

(a) There is a substratum of evidence that establishes a prima facie case
against the person against whom the inference is to be drawn; and

(b) That person must have had some particular access to the information he is
said to be hiding.

80 In the present case, there is clearly much left to be explained in respect
of how both [E] and [E] Plt could have been reduced to being of no value
whatsoever, given the Husband’s concession that the former’s assets and
business were transferred to the latter. Contrary to what he appears to be
claiming, 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Hearing Transcript Day 1 (12 Jan 2023) at p 128 lines 7–14; Defendant’s AOM
(No 1) at p 8.

the value of intellectual property does not cease to exist merely because the
person holding it decides he no longer wishes to utilise it and would rather
carry it to the grave. For the court to believe his assertion that [E] Plt is
now worthless demands documentary evidence. This has not been provided. The
same applies with equal force to the question how he acquired the funds to
purchase the two Malaysian properties, which on his account were at least in
part the source of the capital he used to build his main streams of income
from investing. I therefore find that the necessary substratum of evidence has
been established against the Husband, and that he is the only one in a
position to supply the information necessary to plug the gaping holes in his
evidence.

81 The next question is what the effect of this adverse inference ought to be.
As observed in UZN at [28], the court may give effect to an adverse inference
in one of two ways. First, it may make a finding on the value of the
undisclosed assets based on the available evidence, include that value in the
matrimonial pool for division, and attribute it to the party against whom the
adverse inference is being drawn. This is known as the quantification
approach. Alternatively, the court may simply order a higher proportion of the
known assets to be given to the other party, in what is known as the uplift
approach.

82 In the present case, there is simply insufficient material for me to make
any finding as to the value of any allegedly undisclosed assets. This of
course is in large part due to the Husband’s failure to make full and frank
disclosure. However, I also find it somewhat unsatisfactory that even though
the Wife asked for such an inference to be drawn, she did not venture any
suggestion as to what the effect of that adverse inference ought to be. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at para 58–65.

The only recourse left to me is to employ the uplift approach, which is the
approach that has been taken in previous cases where there is insufficient
evidence to determine the value of assets which are concealed or wrongly
dissipated (UZN at [34]–[39]).

83 In this regard, I note that the pool of disputed assets which are properly
considered matrimonial assets are simply the matrimonial home, [Condominium
2], and [Condominium 3]. As discussed above, a just and equitable division of
these properties in view of the parties’ direct and indirect contributions
would already see the Wife awarded 78.5% of the S$210,634.46 anticipated net
value of the matrimonial home, and 90% of the combined S$5,755,000 value of
[Condominium 2] and [Condominium 3], the total of which works out to be
S$5,344,848.05, or approximately 89.6% (rounded to one decimal place) of the
combined S$5,965,634.46 value of these three matrimonial assets, with the
Husband receiving a total of 10.4% (rounded to one decimal place).

84 In view of the Wife’s preponderant majority share of the assets, I am of
the view that a token uplift of 1% would be appropriate. This would amount to
giving the Wife an additional S$59,656.34. While not an insignificant figure,
it is far less than the last plausible recorded value of [E]/[E] Plt’s assets
of RM391,867.51 plus the purchase price of RM959,000 the Husband paid for the
two Malaysian properties, to say nothing of the income which the Husband
probably did earn but failed to disclose.

85 Accordingly, after the uplift of 1% in favour of the Wife, the Husband
should expect to receive a total of S$560,769.64 (ie, 9.4% of S$5,965,634.46)
of the matrimonial pool. I shall explain how this ought to be given effect
below.

Costs

86 The Wife submits that costs should be ordered against the Husband, on the
basis of his failure to make full and frank disclosure, contemptuous conduct
at the hearing, unreasonable positions and arguments, and intimidation of her
counsel. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023) at paras 66–73.

The Husband has made no submissions regarding the issue of costs. I thus turn
to consider the applicable principles governing cost orders in matrimonial
proceedings.

87 As a general rule, the default position is that costs are not ordered in
respect of matrimonial proceedings (JBB v JBA [2015] 5 SLR 153 (“JBB”) at
[24]–[25]). This is because, unlike in civil matters, it is not often clear
that there is a clear “winner” or “loser” in matrimonial litigation (JBB at
[28]). This is especially so where ancillary matters are concerned, an example
being a situation in which both parties seek 70% of the matrimonial assets but
the court orders that they be divided equally (JBB at [33]). Moreover, it is
also preferable to avoid pronouncing a “winner” and a “loser”, thereby
aggravating the bitterness and acrimony between parties. This is especially
important where parties must continue to co-operate with each other to co-
parent their children even after matrimonial proceedings have concluded (JBB
at [31]).

88 This is not to say that the court can never make a costs order in favour of
one party over another. In determining whether and how to exercise its
discretion to order costs, it is the conduct of the parties in the proceedings
which will assume greater relevance. For example, a party who has been
uncooperative in disclosing his assets and means is less likely to receive a
favourable costs order (JBB at [33]). Costs may be ordered against parties who
are found to have made patently unmeritorious allegations (ET v ES [2007] SGHC
152 at [24]). By the same token, those who are found to have incurred
unnecessary costs will not be allowed to recover them even if costs are
otherwise awarded in their favour (NI v NJ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 75 at [26]).

89 In my view, the present case is one in which it appears appropriate to make
a costs order against the Husband. In his affidavits, the Husband went on at
length attacking strawmen arguments, describing the differences between
certain coffee varietals, and recounting stories about his brother-in-law, all
of which were entirely irrelevant to the matters at hand. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Hearing Transcript Day 2 (13 Jan 2023) at p 12 line 25 to p 15 line 20;
Defendant’s AOM (No 2) at p 93–101, 119–120, 126–128.

Furthermore, while it is difficult to identify a winner and loser where
parties each seek 70% of the matrimonial assets in dispute and the court
awards each 50%, the Husband’s case turned almost entirely on the alleged [B]
Agreement. Having failed to establish its existence despite a prolix and
confusing attempt to do so, it is difficult to see how he could not be
regarded as having lost in the present matter. Finally, as noted above, he not
only failed to make full and frank disclosure of his assets and means, but
persistently refused to abide by the court’s directions to do so.

90 However, even where there is a clear “winner” in matrimonial proceedings,
the court has a discretion to decline to order costs against the “losing”
party (JBB at [23]). I find that this is the appropriate course to take in the
present case. For reasons discussed above at length, the Husband will receive
a relatively small share of the matrimonial assets, and I note that the Wife
does have considerable financial means at her disposal. Most importantly,
while the parties’ children are both adults and co-parenting is no longer
strictly an issue, it is clear that they both love their children, and that
their children love them. There is therefore good reason to avoid exacerbating
the hostility between the parties. I shall therefore make no order as to
costs. It is hoped that this will allow them to preserve and rebuild what
familial ties they still have between themselves and their children.

Conclusion

91 I thus turn to consider how best to give effect to the decisions I have
made in respect of the assets discussed above. To recapitulate, these are as
follows:

(a) The Husband is to transfer to the Wife the shares held in his TD
Ameritrade account which are traceable to the funds which she transferred to
him to be invested on her behalf.

(b) The Husband is to immediately effect the transfer of [Condominium 1] to
the Wife.

(c) The Husband is to pay the Wife the sum of S$1,093,695.39 which she applied
towards [E] on his behalf.

(d) The Wife is pay the Husband the sum of RM176,937.34, or the equivalent in
Singapore dollars, being the fees which he incurred in the maintenance of
[Condominium 1].

(e) The Husband should receive S$560,769.64 of the disputed matrimonial
assets, which comprise the matrimonial home, [Condominium 3], and [Condominium
2].

(f) While maintenance was not contested between the parties, 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Defendant’s AOM (No 1) at p 22; Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (17 Feb 2023)
at para 55–57.

for the avoidance of doubt, the Husband is to bear 50% of the parties’
youngest daughter’s monthly expenses until she completes her undergraduate
university education in September 2025. Per the Wife’s uncontested estimation,
this would work out to be S$4,033.76.

92 As can be seen, in addition to the orders at [92(a)] and [92(b)] involving
the transfer of property from the Husband to the Wife, the parties have been
ordered to pay various sums to each other. I note that both had originally
taken the position that the matrimonial home was to be sold, notwithstanding
their disagreement over how the proceeds therefrom ought to be apportioned.
However, I am of the view that the most expeditious way to give effect to
these orders is simply to set off the sums to which they are each entitled
against each other. The Husband is therefore to pay to the Wife a sum of
S$473,946.64, being the S$1,093,695.39 which she loaned to the Husband for [E]
as per [92(c)], less the [Condominium 1] maintenance fees of RM176,937.34
(converted to S$58,979.11 at RM3=S$1) as per [92(d)] and the Husband’s
S$560,769.64 share of the matrimonial assets as per [92(e)]. This relieves the
parties of the need to sell the matrimonial home. Having “bought” over the
Husband’s share of the matrimonial home, the Husband would no longer have any
interest therein, and it should be held solely by the Wife. Accordingly, my
final orders are:

(a) The Husband is to transfer to the Wife the shares held in his TD
Ameritrade account which are traceable to the funds which she transferred to
him to be invested on her behalf.

(b) The Husband is to immediately effect the transfer of [Condominium 1] to
the Wife.

(c) The Husband is to pay to the Wife the sum of S$473,946.64.

(d) The Husband is to divest himself of his interest in the matrimonial home.

(e) The Husband is to pay to the Wife a sum of $4,033.76 on a monthly basis
until September 2025, being maintenance for their youngest daughter.

93 For avoidance of doubt, I make no order regarding the following assets,
which shall therefore remain in the names of their current legal owners:

(a) [Condominium 4]

(b) [Condominium 2] and [Condominium 3].

(c) The [D] shares, the [C] Malaysia shares, and the [C] Singapore shares.

(d) The Wife’s Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd and Maybank Premier 1
accounts.

(e) Any of the assets whose ownership parties did not dispute in the present
proceedings.

94 Finally, for the reasons given above, I make no order as to costs.

Andrew Ang

Senior Judge

Lee Kok Weng Mark, Sarah Yeo Qi Wei, Tan Shi Yuin Teri, and Gursharn Singh
Gill s/o Amar Singh (WMH Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;

The defendant in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Sep 2023 (15:28 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

