Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 314

Suit No 150 of 2022

Between

(1)| Khoo Phaik Eng Katherine  
---|---  
(2)| Khoo Phaik Lian Joyce  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Khoo Phaik Ean Patricia  
---|---  
(2)| Ng Eu Lin Evelyn  
  
… Defendants

And

Between

(1)| Khoo Phaik Ean Patricia  
---|---  
(2)| Ng Eu Lin Evelyn  
  
… Plaintiffs in Counterclaim

And

(1)| Khoo Phaik Eng Katherine  
---|---  
(2)| Khoo Phaik Lian Joyce  
(3)| Khoo Teng Jin  
  
… Defendants in Counterclaim

judgment

[Trusts — Resulting trusts — Ownership of moneys in joint bank accounts]

[Family Law — Advancement — Presumption]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Khoo Phaik Eng Katherine and another

  
v

  

Khoo Phaik Ean Patricia and another

[2023] SGHC 314

General Division of the High Court — Suit No 150 of 2022  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
9–12, 15 May, 31 July 2023

31 October 2023 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 These proceedings consist of a claim (“the Original Action”) and a
counterclaim (“the Counterclaim”). The Original Action involves a claim by the
plaintiffs against the defendants for a declaration that, upon the demise of
the late Dr Khoo Boo Kwee (“Dr Khoo”) on 21 January 2021, the defendants hold
the entire balance of the moneys in two joint accounts totalling approximately
some $4,000,000 on resulting trust for Dr Khoo’s estate, along with other
consequential relief. In the Counterclaim, the defendants are suing the
plaintiffs and one Khoo Teng Jin (“Teng Jin”) for a declaration that the
defendants jointly hold the legal and beneficial interest to the entire
balance of the moneys in the said joint accounts.

2 The parties to this suit are the surviving spouse and children of the late
Dr Khoo, who had been a practising doctor for many years. He was a general
practitioner who ran his own clinic, initially at Rochor and later at Whampoa,
until he retired at around the age of 65 years. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Evelyn’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 11.

Dr Khoo kept his savings in the two joint accounts which form the subject of
the present dispute. In his will dated 10 August 2012, he provided that, upon
his death, the moneys in the aforesaid accounts would be distributed among his
four children in equal shares. It is common ground between the parties that
the late Dr Khoo was a highly educated man, highly literate in the English
language and careful to keep his affairs in order, as the evidence below will
show. Unfortunately, upon Dr Khoo’s demise on 21 January 2021, an intractable
dispute arose as to whether ownership of the moneys in the two joint accounts
passed to the defendants by operation of the right of survivorship.

Facts

The parties

3 The late Dr Khoo was married to Ng Eu Lin Evelyn (“Evelyn”), the second
defendant, and together, they had four children:

(a) The first plaintiff is Khoo Phaik Eng Katherine (“Katherine”), the
youngest daughter. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Evelyn’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 9(d).

Katherine is a Singapore citizen and a part-time lecturer at the Nanyang
Technological University. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NE 9 May 2023 at 4 lines 5–7.

(b) The second plaintiff is Khoo Phaik Lian Joyce (“Joyce”), the second
daughter. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Evelyn’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 9(c).

Joyce is a Singapore citizen and is retired. Previously, she was a company
secretary. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE 10 May 2023 at 61 lines 16–17.

(c) The first defendant is Khoo Phaik Ean Patricia (“Patricia”), the eldest
daughter. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Evelyn’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 9(b).

Patricia is a Singapore citizen and is retired. Before she retired, she was a
part-time lecturer at the Singapore University of Social Sciences, and prior
to that, she was the chief financial officer of a listed trust company, the
division head of the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore, and also an
investment manager and fund manager. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE 12 May 2023 at 33 lines 21–25 and at 34 lines 3–14.

(d) The third defendant by counterclaim is Teng Jin, the eldest child and only
son. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Evelyn’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 9(a).

Teng Jin is a Singapore citizen and is an architect by profession.

4 Evelyn is a Singapore citizen and a retiree. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Evelyn’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 15.

I refer to Katherine and Joyce collectively as “the Plaintiffs” and to
Patricia and Evelyn collectively as “the Defendants”.

5 All the parties in the Original Action and Counterclaim are beneficiaries of
the will and codicil of Dr Khoo. Katherine and Patricia are also the
executrices and trustees of Dr Khoo’s will and codicil. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Claim dated 23 February 2022 (“SOC”) at para 1; Defence and
Counterclaim dated 10 May 2022 (“DCC”) at para 4.

Background to the dispute

Dr Khoo’s Will

6 On 10 August 2012, the deceased executed a will (the “Will”). Katherine,
Joyce and Patricia were appointed as the executrices and trustees of the Will.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 2; DCC at para 5.

7 Among other things, the Will provided as follows: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents dated 27 April 2023 (“AB”) at p 19.

4\. (1) I am the sole owner of my detached house known as [address redacted]
comprised in Certificate of Title Volume [xxx] Folio [xx] (hereinafter called
“my house”). Upon my death, my wife, [Evelyn] (hereinafter called “my wife”),
can stay in my house until she dies on condition that she pays for the upkeep
of my house using her own funds.

(2) In the event that my wife moves out of my house on her own volition, my
house shall then be sold by my executrices and the proceeds of sale shall be
distributed to my wife and to my four (4) children whose personal particulars
are set out in clause 5(1) of this my Will in five (5) equal parts, that is to
say, each of them shall be entitled to a twenty per cent (20%) share.

(3) For the avoidance of all doubts, I hereby CONFIRM that my house shall not
form part of my residuary estate as defined in clause 5 of this my Will.

5\. (1) Subject to clauses 2, 3 and 4 of this my Will, I GIVE AND DEVISE AND
BEQUEATH all my remaining property/properties as set out in Schedule A annexed
to this my will and all real and personal property of whatsoever kind or
character and wheresoever situate including any property over which I may have
a general power of appointment or disposition by Will (hereinafter called “my
residuary estate”) to my four (4) children in equal shares. My four (4)
children are:

(i) my son, [Teng Jin];

(ii) my eldest daughter, [Patricia];

(iii) my second daughter, [Joyce];and

(iv) my youngest daughter, [Katherine].

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

8 Schedule A is annexed to the Will and sets out Dr Khoo’s remaining
properties. This includes: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at para 3.3; DCC at para 6; AB at p 21.

(1) Shares

…

(1.2) 33,000 shares with SGX

(2) Fixed Deposits

Fixed Deposits totalling $4,080,000.00 with UOB Limited as follows:-

Fixed Deposit No| Account No| Amount  
---|---|---  
[xxxxx1]| [xxx-xxx-xxx-7]| $1,100,000.00  
[xxxxx2]| [xxx-xxx-xxx-7]| $1,100,000.00  
[xxxxx3]| [xxx-xxx-xxx-7]| $540,000.00  
[xxxxx4]| [xxx-xxx-xxx-7]| $550,000.00  
[xxxxx5]| [xxx-xxx-xxx-7]| $575,000.00  
[xxxxx6]| [xxx-xxx-xxx-7]| $215,000.00  
  
…

(4) Motor Car

Motor Vehicle bearing registration number SC[XXXX]E (Toyota Corolla 1.5M.
Effective date of ownership 23.11.2001)

(5) Cash Balance(s)

Whatever cash balances that are available. My cash balance(s) are presently
under lock in my room drawer(s).

(6) POSB Savings Account No: [xxx-xxxxx-8]

Whatever balance amount remaining in this savings account of mine maintained
with POSB Siglap Branch.

9 The six fixed deposits enumerated in Item (2) of Schedule A of the Will were
held under a single bank account, ie, UOB Account No xxx-xxx-xxx-7 (the “FD
Account”). The moneys in the FD Account and in the POSB Savings Account No
xxx-xxxxx-8 (the “POSB Account”) form the subject matter of the present
dispute between the parties. For convenience, I refer to these two accounts
collectively as the “Joint Accounts”. Strictly speaking, a bank account is a
chose in action; “a contractual recognition by the bank that the account-
holder has deposited money with it and that the bank is required to return
that money to the customer in accordance with the terms of their contract” (MF
Global Singapore Pte Ltd (in creditors’ voluntary liquidation) and others v
Vintage Bullion DMCC (in its own capacity and as representative of the
customers of the first plaintiff) and another matter [2015] 4 SLR 831 at [51],
citing Alastair Hudson, Equity and Trusts (Routledge, 8th Ed, 2015) at p
1294). As the authors of E P Ellinger, E Lomnicka & C Hare, Ellinger’s Modern
Banking Law (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2011) point out (at p 324), the
proper issue where one of the holders of a joint account dies is not the
ownership of the funds as such, which remains with the bank from the time of
deposit. Rather, what is at stake is the right to the chose in action that
entitled the account holder to draw upon the credit balance or to instruct the
bank to make payments from the joint account. Nonetheless, the parties in
their submissions consistently refer to the ownership of the “moneys in the
Joint Accounts” and I accept that this phrase can be used as a convenient
shorthand which also accords with the layperson’s understanding of what
happens when he deposits moneys in a bank account.

Defendants were added as co-account holders of the Joint Accounts

10 In October 2019, Dr Khoo was diagnosed with liver cancer. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DCC at para 12.

11 On 7 November 2019, Dr Khoo, at short notice, brought Patricia and Evelyn
to the UOB Parkway Parade Branch. There, he added Patricia and Evelyn as co-
account holders of the FD Account, under which each joint account holder could
operate the account independently of each other, subject to the bank’s terms
and conditions. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 6; DCC at paras 10(b) and 11.

According to the Defendants, Dr Khoo informed the UOB officer at the bank that
he wished to convert the FD Account to be held in the joint names of Patricia,
Evelyn and himself. The UOB officer then explained the difference between a
“Joint-Alternate” or “Joint-All” account. The former would allow any of the
co-account holders to operate the account independently, whereas the latter
would require the approval of all co-account holders to approve a transaction
before it could be effected. Following an interview with the UOB officer to
confirm Dr Khoo’s instructions, the FD Account was converted into a “Joint-
Alternate” account, with Patricia and Evelyn added as co-account holders
alongside Dr Khoo. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 79.

12 The FD Account was governed by the UOB Terms and Conditions Governing
Accounts and Services (Individual Customers) (“UOB Terms and Conditions”). I
reproduce the relevant parts of the UOB Terms and Conditions: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DCC at para 16; AB at p 413.

Death of Joint Account Holder

2.15 If a joint Account holder dies (except in the case of joint Accounts
designated as trust or executors’ accounts):-

(a) the surviving Account holder obtains on the face of it, title to the
Account and may give instructions on the Account; but, if we choose to, we may
take such steps we deem appropriate including paying the credit balance in the
Account into a court of competent jurisdiction; and

(b) the obligations of the surviving Account holder and our rights (including
any lien or right of set-off) are not affected.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

13 That same day, Dr Khoo, together with Patricia and Evelyn, attended at the
DBS Treasures Siglap Branch to convert the POSB Account from a personal
account to a joint account. Patricia and Evelyn were added as co-account
holders of the POSB Account. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC at para 6; DCC at para 10(a); Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at
para 81.

According to Patricia, Dr Khoo was attended to by two bank officers who
explained the difference between a “Joint-Alternate” and “Joint-All” account.
Dr Khoo confirmed that he wanted to convert the POSB Account to a “Joint-
Alternate” account. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 81.

14 The POSB Account was governed by the DBS Terms and Conditions Governing
Accounts (Applicable to Individuals) (“DBS Terms and Conditions”). I reproduce
the relevant parts of the DBS Terms and Conditions: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DCC at para 16; AB at p 342.

12 OPERATION OF JOINT ACCOUNT

Where the Account (including Account in “Trust” other than Trust POSBKids
Account) is in 2 or more joint names or has 2 or more authorised signatories:

…

(b) if any one Account holder dies, we are authorised to hold any credit
balance in the Account to the order of the surviving Account holders. This
does not affect any other right we may have in respect of such balance arising
out of any lien, charge, pledge, set-off or any other claim or counter-claim
actual or contingent or otherwise. We will be released from all demands,
claims, suits and actions by the heirs, executors and administrators of the
deceased. In addition, we may, if any Account holder dies, suspend or close
the Account (whether it is a Joint-All or Joint-Alternate Account) without
notice;

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

15 According to the Defendants, the terms and conditions set out at [12] and
[14] above had been explained to Dr Khoo by the bank officers when he attended
at the UOB Parkway Parade Branch and the POSB Siglap Branch on 7 November
2019. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Evelyn’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at paras 79 and 80.

The Codicil

16 Subsequently, on 18 November 2019, Dr Khoo made a codicil to the Will (the
“Codicil”). In the Codicil, Dr Khoo made, inter alia, the following amendments
to his Will: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB at p 22.

(a) First, pursuant to cl 1.1 of the Codicil, Joyce was removed as an
executrix and trustee of the Will. Only Patricia and Katherine remained as
executrices and trustees of the Will.

(b) Second, pursuant to cl 1.4.1 of the Codicil, the number of SGX shares
reflected in Item (1) of Schedule A of the Will was amended to 38,000 shares,
as the original figure of 33,000 shares in the Will was incorrect.

(c) Third, pursuant to cl 1.4.2 of the Codicil, a sum of $80,000 was to be
taken out of the fixed deposits of $4,080,000 in the FD Account and paid to
Evelyn as a cash gift (the “$80,000 Cash Gift”).

(d) Fourth, pursuant to cl 1.4.3 of the Codicil, Dr Khoo confirmed that since
the making of the Will, he had changed the make of his motor car stated in
Item (4) of Schedule A of the Will to a “Nissan Note”, but was still retaining
the number plate of “[SCExxxE]”.

(e) Fifth, pursuant to cl 1.4.4 of the Codicil, Dr Khoo updated that the POSB
Account was maintained with POSB Marine Parade Branch. The POSB Siglap Branch
had been closed and its business was taken over by the Marine Parade Branch.

(f) Finally, pursuant to cl 1.2.1 of the Codicil, Patricia or “any member(s)
of her own family” were given the choice to purchase the property at [address
redacted] referred to by Dr Khoo as “my house” under the Will (the
“Property”), of which Dr Khoo was the sole owner. I set out cll 1.2.1 and
1.2.2 of the Codicil in full:

1.2.1 For Clause 4(2) read together with Clause 6(1)(a) of my said Will I
hereby DECLARE and CONFIRM the following:

(i) my house shall be sold to and my definite choice of the Purchaser(s) for
my house shall be my eldest daughter, [Patricia] and/or any member(s) of her
own family as nominated by her. By “own family” I mean her husband and/or any
of her own child/children;

(ii) the sale price of my house to my eldest daughter [Patricia] and/or her
own family nominee(s) shall be determined by obtaining the average of the two
(2) valuations obtained by my two (2) trustees from any two (2) of Singapore’s
three (3) leading local banks namely DBS Bank Ltd, United Overseas Bank
Limited (hereinafter called “UOB”) and Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
Limited; and

(iii) the maximum time duration allowed for my house to be sold and for the
sale to be completed (hereinafter called “the Completion Date”) to my eldest
daughter [Patricia] and/or her own family nominee(s) shall be the later of the
following two (2) dates namely:

(a) six (6) years computed from the date of my demise; or

(b) three (3) years computed from the date of either (i) the demise of
[Evelyn] (hereinafter called “my wife”) or (ii) my wife moving out of my house
on her own volition, whichever is the earlier.

1.2.2. I hereby DECLARE and CONFIRM that I have carefully deliberated on all
the matters under Clause 1.2.1 (i), (ii), and (iii) of this Codicil and I have
made my decision accordingly. The matters so decided by me as aforesaid shall
not be disputed by any of the beneficiary/beneficiaries of my estate.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in bold italics]

17 The Codicil was drafted by one Mr Jeffrey Ching (“Mr Ching”) of K H Ching
LLC, who was not called as a witness to give evidence at the trial. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiffs’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 43.

Subsequent events

18 On 9 January 2021, Dr Khoo suffered an accidental fall at home and was
hospitalised. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DCC at para 12; Katherine’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 13.

It was undisputed that Dr Khoo remained of sound mind even during his final
hospitalisation at Changi General Hospital in January 2021. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SOC at para 16; Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 59;
Defendants’ Lead Counsel’s Statement on Trial Proceedings dated 28 November
2022 at S/No. 2 under “Main Facts Not in Dispute”.

Subsequently, on 21 January 2021, Dr Khoo passed away at Changi General
Hospital. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

DCC at para 12; Katherine’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 14.

19 On 8 March 2021, Mr Lawrence Chua (“Mr Chua”), a solicitor at Messrs
Lawrence Chua Practice, was instructed by Patricia and Katherine to act for
them as the executrices of the Will and the Codicil of Dr Khoo and to obtain
the Grant of Probate for the Will and the Codicil. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SOC at para 7; DCC at para 12.

Subsequently, on 22 March 2021, the Will and the Codicil were read by Mr Chua
at the office of Messrs Lawrence Chua Practice. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC at para 8; DCC at para 13.

20 On 16 June 2021, Mr Chua filed Originating Summons No HCF/P 226/2021 (“P
226/2021”) relating to the estate of Dr Khoo (the “Estate”). The Grant of
Probate was granted on 12 August 2021. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AB at p 35.

Patricia and Katherine then had to prepare the Schedule of Assets for filing
to court. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

SOC at para 10; DCC at para 15(c)–(d).

21 However, Patricia and Katherine were unable to agree on whether the moneys
in the Joint Accounts were to be included in the Schedule of Assets. On or
around 2 September 2021, Patricia instructed Mr Chua to exclude the moneys in
the Joint Accounts from the Schedule of Assets. On 22 September 2021, at Mr
Chua’s office, Patricia repeated the same instruction to Mr Chua. She also
told him that Dr Khoo had given her the moneys in the FD Account to help her
buy the Property. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOC at para 11; DCC at para 18.

Subsequently, on 1 October 2021, Katherine and Joyce met Mr Chua at his office
and objected to Patricia’s instructions to exclude the Joint Accounts from the
Schedule of Assets. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

SOC at para 13.

22 On 22 October 2021, Katherine signed a Schedule of Assets prepared by Mr
Chua which included the Joint Accounts. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOC at para 13.

However, Patricia refused to sign the Schedule of Assets. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SOC at para 15; DCC at para 22.

On 1 November 2021, there was a meeting between Mr Chua, Katherine, Patricia
and Evelyn at Mr Chua’s office. Evelyn informed Mr Chua that the moneys in the
Joint Accounts were used to pay for Dr Khoo’s high medical costs. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SOC at para 14; DCC at para 21.

23 At present, the moneys in the Joint Accounts have been withdrawn and
deposited into other bank accounts owned by Patricia and Evelyn. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SOC at para 12; DCC at para 19; NE 12 May 2023 at 116 lines 15–20; NE 15 May
2023 at 9 lines 17–25 and at 10 lines 1–13.

Balances in the Joint Accounts at the time of Dr Khoo’s death

24 At the time of Dr Khoo’s death on 21 January 2021, the balance in the POSB
Account stood at $139,410.77. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AB at p 332.

The Defendants exhibited a copy of the POSB transaction records for the month
of January 2021 which showed this to be the balance as of that date. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 88; AB at p 332.

25 As for the FD Account, the UOB statement of account for the period from 1
January 2021 to 31 January 2021 showed that the total deposits and investments
stood at $3,930,000 at the time of Dr Khoo’s death. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB at p 397; Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 85.

Whilst the Will and Codicil had stated the total amount of Dr Khoo’s fixed
deposits in the FD Account to be $4,080,000, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB at pp 21 (Schedule A) and 24 (cl 1.4.2 of the Codicil).

Patricia satisfactorily explained that on or around 12 October 2020, Dr Khoo
had withdrawn a sum of $180,332.88 from the FD Account and deposited this sum
into the POSB Account, in anticipation of nine upcoming sessions of cancer
treatment. This sum comprised a principal sum of $150,000 from the fixed
deposits as well as interest amounting to $30,332.88 that had accrued on two
of the fixed deposits. The Defendants also exhibited a copy of the page of the
passbook for the POSB Account (the “POSB Passbook”) showing the deposit of
$180,332.88 on 12 October 2020, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 87(b) and exhibit “PK-18”; AB
at p 377.

and a cashier’s order from UOB dated 12 October 2020 for the withdrawal of the
same, alongside a handwritten note stating “[d]eposited to POSB [xxx-
xxxxx-8]”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 87(b) and exhibit “PK-18”; AB
at p 394.

Therefore, I accept that the total deposits and investments in the FD Account
stood at $3,930,000 at the time of Dr Khoo’s death. Furthermore, the six fixed
deposits had been renewed prior to Dr Khoo’s death. Their details stood as
follows: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB at p 397; Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 84 and exhibit
“PK-16”.

Fixed  
Deposit No| Account No| Principal Amount| Interest Rate (%)| Maturity Date  
---|---|---|---|---  
xxxxx7| xxx-xxx-xxx-7| $1,000,000| 0.55| 12 August 2021  
xxxxx8| xxx-xxx-xxx-7| $1,050,000| 0.55| 12 August 2021  
xxxxx9| xxx-xxx-xxx-7| $540,000| 0.55| 16 September 2021  
xxxxx0| xxx-xxx-xxx-7| $550,000| 0.55| 23 September 2021  
xxxxx1| xxx-xxx-xxx-7| $215,000| 0.55| 30 September 2021  
xxxxx2| xxx-xxx-xxx-7| $575,000| 0.50| 5 November 2021  
  
Summary of the parties’ cases

The Plaintiffs’ case

26 Counsel for the Plaintiffs acknowledges that the legal principles on the
right of survivorship are equally applicable to joint bank accounts. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiffs’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 109.

However, counsel contends that there is sufficient direct evidence
demonstrating Dr Khoo’s intention for the moneys in the Joint Accounts to form
part of his Estate and for the moneys to be distributed equally between his
four children, as provided under the terms of his Will and Codicil. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiffs’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 122.

Although Dr Khoo had converted the FD Account and POSB Account into joint
accounts, counsel for the Plaintiffs submits that there is no evidence to
support a clear intention from Dr Khoo to gift the moneys in the Joint
Accounts to the Defendants as the joint account holders. Substantial weight
should be accorded to the fact that the material terms of the Will relating to
the distribution of moneys in the Joint Accounts were not amended by Dr Khoo
in his Codicil. Counsel also submits that the presence of a survivorship
clause in the banks’ terms and conditions governing the Joint Accounts should
not be a decisive factor in determining whether the right of survivorship
applies. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiffs’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at paras 111–114.

As for the Defendants’ evidence that Patricia was Dr Khoo’s favourite child,
having demonstrated a willingness to take care of her parents and that Dr Khoo
wanted to provide financial support for Evelyn in her twilight years, counsel
points out that the majority of the Defendants’ evidence in relation to Dr
Khoo’s feelings or opinions of his children were based on what the Defendants
had perceived from his actions or expressions. Counsel thus submits that such
evidence should not be given much weight as they are presumptive in nature. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiffs’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at paras 115–116.

27 As it is the Plaintiffs’ case that there is sufficient direct evidence
demonstrating Dr Khoo’s intention to distribute the moneys in the Joint
Accounts equally between his four children, as provided under the terms of his
Will and Codicil, counsel contends that a resulting trust arises in favour of
the Estate to displace the presumption of the right of survivorship. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiffs’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at paras 99 and 122.

28 In the alternative, if the evidence as to Dr Khoo’s actual intention is
found to be equivocal, counsel contends that the presumption of resulting
trust applies. This is because there was a transfer of property to Patricia
and Evelyn for which they had not provided any consideration and the moneys in
the Joint Accounts were contributed solely by Dr Khoo. Furthermore, the
presumption of advancement applies but is rebutted by the evidence which shows
that, while Dr Khoo was alive, he had full and complete dominion over the
moneys in the Joint Accounts and used the moneys primarily for himself. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiffs’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at paras 125–128.

Remedies sought by the Plaintiffs

29 Based on the foregoing, the Plaintiffs seek the following remedies: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

SOC at pp 9–11.

(a) A declaration that all of the $4,080,000 in the Joint Accounts as at the
date of Dr Khoo’s death, as well as all moneys mentioned in the Will and/or
Codicil belong to the Estate (collectively, the “Will and Codicil Moneys”) and
that the Will and Codicil Moneys were and are held on trust by the Defendants
for the Estate and the beneficiaries in the Will and Codicil.

(b) An order for the Defendants to return to the Estate all the documents and
material with regard to the Will and Codicil Moneys that are in the
possession, power or control of Patricia.

(c) An injunction to restrain the Defendants (whether in acting by their
servants or agents or any of them or otherwise) from dispersing any of the
Will and Codicil Moneys.

(d) An order that the Defendants give an account of the Will and Codicil
Moneys to the Plaintiffs on behalf of the Estate or to the Estate and to pay
such amount of the Will and Codicil Moneys found to be due to the Estate to
the Estate forthwith.

(e) An order that the Defendants pay the interest on the amount of the Will
and Codicil Moneys found to be due to the Estate in the amount of interest
that would have accrued if such moneys had been left in their respective
accounts to the Estate.

(f) In the alternative to (e) above, an order that the Defendants pay interest
on the amount found to be due to the Estate at such rate and for such periods
as the court deems fit and just.

(g) An order that the Defendants give an account of the cash balance(s) that
were locked in Dr Khoo’s drawer, as referred to in Schedule A of the Will (the
“Cash Balance”) as at the date of Dr Khoo’s death to the Plaintiffs on behalf
of the Estate or to the Estate and pay such amount of the Cash Balance found
to be due to the Estate to the Estate forthwith.

(h) An order that Patricia shall sign and submit the Schedule of Assets in P
226/2021, which includes the Will and Codicil Moneys and the Cash Balance,
pursuant to the prayers herein, to the Family Justice Court (“FJC”) within two
weeks from the date of this order, and that Patricia shall sign and submit an
affidavit verifying the Schedule of Assets to the FJC within one week from the
date of the FJC’s acceptance of the Schedule of Assets.

(i) That the costs of this suit are to be paid by the Defendants to the
Plaintiffs on an indemnity basis.

(j) Interest, pursuant to s 12 of the Civil Law Act 1909 (2020 Rev Ed).

(k) Such further and/or other relief as the court deems fit.

The Defendants’ case

30 The Defendants’ case relies heavily on the fact of Dr Khoo’s conversion of
the Joint Accounts in November 2019. They say that whilst the Joint Accounts
were listed in Schedule A of the Will executed in 2012, Dr Khoo had changed
his mind by November 2019 and no longer intended for the moneys in the Joint
Accounts to be distributed to his four children in equal shares. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at paras 6–7.

31 Counsel for the Defendants submits that upon Dr Khoo’s demise, by operation
of the right of survivorship, it is presumed that Patricia and Evelyn jointly
hold the entire balance of the moneys in the Joint Accounts as legal and
beneficial owners. The Plaintiffs and Teng Jin are unable to show a contrary
intention on the part of Dr Khoo that he intended to retain beneficial
ownership of the Joint Accounts. On the contrary, there is sufficient evidence
that Dr Khoo intended to gift the balance of the moneys in the Joint Accounts
to Patricia and Evelyn upon his demise. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 19(a)–(c).

32 In the alternative, counsel for the Defendants contends that any presumed
resulting trust which arises is: (a) a weak one, given the strength of the
evidence showing Dr Khoo’s intention to gift the moneys in the Joint Accounts
to Patricia and Evelyn; 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 152.

and (b) displaced by a strong presumption of advancement that applies in
favour of Evelyn and Patricia, as Dr Khoo’s wife and eldest daughter
respectively, given the nature and state of their relationships with him. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 19(d)–(e).

33 As to the prayer (see [29(g)] above) that the Defendants give an account of
the Cash Balance as at the date of Dr Khoo’s death, the Defendants take the
position that there is no dispute between the parties as to the Cash Balance,
and therefore, no basis for the Plaintiffs to seek any relief in relation to
the same. At no point did the Defendants claim that they are the sole owners
of the Cash Balance. Furthermore, it is undisputed that Patricia is currently
safekeeping the Cash Balance with the knowledge and consent of the Plaintiffs.
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 172.

34 At this juncture, I accept that there is no dispute as to the Cash Balance.
Patricia deposed that in or around February 2021, she gathered Katherine,
Joyce and Evelyn in Dr Khoo’s room to witness the opening of the locked room
drawer in which the Cash Balance was kept. With the knowledge and consent of
Katherine and Joyce, Patricia then held onto the Cash Balance for the purposes
of safekeeping. She also stated that the Cash Balance amounts to $3,380 and
that she has not used any amount of the Cash Balance since the day it was
removed from the drawer in Dr Khoo’s room. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 182.

At trial, when cross-examined as to this point, Katherine agreed that the
Plaintiffs had told Patricia to hold onto the Cash Balance for safekeeping. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 10 May 2023 at 51 line 22–52 line 12.

I am therefore satisfied that there is no dispute between the parties as to
the Cash Balance.

The Defendants’ counterclaim

35 On the basis of the above matters, the Defendants added Teng Jin as the
third defendant to the counterclaim, and counterclaim for: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DCC at pp 20 and 21.

(a) A declaration that upon the demise of Dr Khoo on 21 January 2021, the
Defendants jointly hold the legal and beneficial interest to the entire
balance of the moneys in the Joint Accounts, in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the said accounts.

(b) Costs.

(c) Such further or other relief as the court deems fit.

The third defendant (by counterclaim)’s case

36 Teng Jin broadly aligns himself with the Plaintiffs’ position that there is
strong and conclusive evidence of Dr Khoo’s intention for the moneys in the
Joint Accounts to form part of his Estate and for the moneys to be distributed
equally between his four children, as provided under the terms of his Will and
Codicil. In the circumstances, counsel for Teng Jin submits that a resulting
trust plainly arises in favour of the Estate to displace the right of
survivorship. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Teng Jin’s written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at paras 190 and 191.

37 In the alternative, assuming that there is no evidence of Dr Khoo’s actual
intentions and desires, counsel for Teng Jin submits that the presumption of
resulting trust which arises is extremely strong. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Teng Jin’s written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at paras 197 and 198.

The presumption of advancement applies but it is a weak one. Evelyn was not
financially dependent on Dr Khoo and, in fact, receives a monthly pension of
$2,100 and a monthly rental income of $7,000 from a commercial shophouse
property that she inherited from her parents. Furthermore, the Defendants’
claims that Evelyn and Dr Khoo’s marriage was a loving one and that Patricia
was the “closest” to Dr Khoo are overstated. In any event, counsel for Teng
Jin submits that the (weak) presumption of advancement is easily rebutted on
the facts. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Teng Jin’s written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at paras 199–210.

Issues to be determined

38 The following issues arise for my determination:

(a) Whether there is clear evidence of the intention of Dr Khoo, at the time
of conversion of the Joint Accounts on 7 November 2019, to retain all
beneficial interest in the Joint Accounts for himself, or conversely, to gift
the beneficial interest in the Joint Accounts to the Defendants.

(b) If there is no clear evidence of the intention of Dr Khoo at the material
time, whether a presumption of resulting trust arises in favour of the Estate
by virtue of the gratuitous nature of the conversion of the Joint Accounts on
7 November 2019.

(c) If a presumption of resulting trust arises in favour of the Estate,
whether a presumption of advancement arises in favour of the Defendants to
rebut the presumption of resulting trust.

39 The parties have indicated that they would make their full submissions on
costs after judgment has been delivered. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Plaintiffs’ reply submissions dated 31 July 2023 at para 68; Defendants’
written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 174.

The applicable legal principles

40 The parties broadly agree on the applicable legal principles as set out in
Estate of Yang Chun (Mrs) née Sun Hui Min, deceased v Yang Chia-Yin [2019] 5
SLR 593 (“Yang Chun”). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiffs’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 108; Defendants’
written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 13.

In that case, an issue arose as to whether ownership of moneys in bank
accounts held in the joint names of Mr Yang and his wife, Mdm Sun, passed to
Mdm Sun by operation of the right of survivorship upon Mr Yang’s death (Yang
Chun at [50] and [51]). Ang Cheng Hock JC (as he was then) found that Mr Yang
and Mdm Sun had made unequal contributions to the joint accounts (Yang Chun at
[70]). Ang JC affirmed that the principles of survivorship are equally
applicable to joint bank accounts, citing the decision of Warren L H Khoo J in
Tan Seng Pow v Tan Seng Hock [1992] SGHC 104 (“Tan Seng Pow”), and held that
the operation of the right of survivorship turned on the following successive
stages of analysis (Yang Chun at [53]–[55], [57]–[58], [61] and [64]):

(a) First, citing the grounds of decision of Judith Prakash J (as she then
was) in Collars Muriel Esther de Jesus v Sandra Audrey Jude Collars [2008]
SGHC 110 at [30], in the case of a joint bank account, there is a presumption
that the survivor(s) takes the whole of the benefit of the account in the
absence of a contrary intention. The onus would be on the person challenging
the right of survivorship to demonstrate a contrary intention.

(b) Where such a contrary intention can be shown, the rule of survivorship may
be displaced by a resulting trust or a presumed resulting trust. A resulting
trust will arise where there is evidence of a clear intention on the part of
the deceased to retain beneficial ownership of the joint account. On the other
hand, the presumption of resulting trust will operate where there has been a
transfer of property to the survivor(s) for which the survivor(s) has not
provided the whole of the consideration (Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence
and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108 (“Lau Siew Kim”) at [35]) and there is no
evidence before the court which “adequately reveals the true intention of the
transferor” (Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another [2016] 3 SLR
1222 (“Su Emmanuel”) at [79]).

(c) Where the presumption of resulting trust arises, the deceased’s lack of
intention to benefit the survivor(s) is inferred. The burden of proof shifts
such that the deceased is presumed to have intended to retain the beneficial
ownership of the property. Ang JC further noted that the Court of Appeal in
Lau Siew Kim had made it clear that the presumption of resulting trust “should
not be applied mechanically” and that the strength of the presumption must be
accorded varying weight, depending on the particular circumstances of each
case.

(d) Next, Ang JC pointed out that the presumption of resulting trust, being a
rebuttable presumption in cases where it arises, is capable of being rebutted
in certain circumstances where the transferor may be regarded as having made a
gift to the recipient, with no intention to retain an interest in the property
concerned. This is the presumption of advancement, which is only relevant
where a presumed resulting trust has already been found on the facts (Lau Siew
Kim at [57]). If applicable, the presumption of advancement shifts the burden
of proof back to the party who challenges the transfer to the surviving
recipient.

(e) In respect of the application of the presumption of advancement, Ang JC
also highlighted the Court of Appeal’s view in Lau Siew Kim that, as with the
presumption of resulting trust, so too the strength of the presumption of
advancement would vary according to the individual circumstances of each case
(see Lau Siew Kim at [77]). This “would allow a court to more accurately give
effect to the parties’ intentions”. The Court of Appeal in Lau Siew Kim
endorsed a fact-sensitive inquiry, with two key elements that guide this
inquiry: (a) first, the nature of the relationship between the parties, eg,
the obligation that one party has to the other; and (b) second, the state of
the relationship, eg, whether the parties were in a close or distant
relationship. Based on the weight of the evidence, the court will determine if
the presumption of advancement has been successfully rebutted. If the
challenging party succeeds in defeating the presumption of advancement, then
the original presumption of resulting trust will operate. Conversely, if the
challenging party fails, the presumption of advancement will displace the
presumption of resulting trust and the right of survivorship shall take.

41 In Lau Siew Kim, the Court of Appeal noted that the presumption of
advancement comes into play to displace the presumption of resulting trust
where there is a pre-existing relationship between the parties which falls
into one of the established categories of relationships. Such recognised
categories of relationships include transfers from husband to wife, and from
father to child (Lau Siew Kim at [60] and [107]).

42 In Ho Woon Chun (administratrix of the estate of Ho Fook Tuck, deceased) v
Wang Kai Qing [2023] SGHC 115, Mavis Chionh J further observed (at [51]) that
in applying the analytical approach set out by Ang JC in Yang Chun, it is also
important to bear in mind the Court of Appeal’s statement in Chan Yuen Lan v
See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”) (at [52]) that “the question
in every case where the claim is based on the existence of a resulting trust
is still whether there is any direct evidence that may adequately reveal the
intention of the transferor” [emphasis in original]. The Court of Appeal in
Chan Yuen Lan endorsed the reasoning of the High Court in Lim Chen Yeow Kelvin
v Goh Chin Peng [2008] 4 SLR(R) 783 (“Kelvin Lim”). In that case, the High
Court found that it was not necessary to make use of presumptions such as the
presumption of resulting trust because it was satisfied on the basis of the
evidence before it that the deceased had intended to give the moneys in the
joint bank account to the defendant. In so finding, the court observed (at
[116]) (and its observations were cited with approval by the Court of Appeal
in Chan Yuen Lan):

… If the court could discern a clear intention on the part of the deceased to
gift all the moneys in the joint account to the survivor from the evidence
before it, then there should be no need to apply any presumption of a
resulting trust to aid the fact-finding or decision-making process. Only when
the court is not able to find any clear intention or if the evidence is
inconclusive either way as to what the deceased’s real intention might be,
then in this rather limited and exceptional situation (where the evidence is
so finely balanced on either side) should the court apply the evidential
presumption of a resulting trust to tilt the balance in favour of the estate
of the deceased (who solely contributed the moneys in joint account).

[emphasis added]

My finding: there is clear evidence that Dr Khoo intended to retain the
beneficial interest in the Joint Accounts at the material time

43 Bearing the above principles in mind, I first consider whether there is
clear evidence of Dr Khoo’s actual intention at the time of the conversion of
the Joint Accounts on 7 November 2019.

The banks’ terms and conditions governing the Joint Accounts

44 The Defendants submit that the FD Account is governed by the UOB Terms and
Conditions and that the POSB Account is governed by the DBS Terms and
Conditions, and these terms and conditions incorporate the right of
survivorship at common law. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DCC at para 16.

They further cite Lau Siew Kim at [108]:

… In particular, in the case of bank accounts held and operated jointly by
persons in the established categories of relationships, there will be a strong
inference that the rule of survivorship is intended to apply. This may be
reinforced, if there exist bank documents which prescribe and declare the
operation of survivorship in relation to the joint account; such documents
could constitute cogent evidence of the parties’ intention that the absolute
benefit of the account should devolve to the surviving joint account-holder.
Nevertheless, this needs to be assessed in relation to the factual matrix; see
Low Gim Siah … at [51].

[emphasis in original in italics, emphasis added in bold italics]

45 Owing to the reliance placed by the Defendants on the banks’ respective
terms and conditions governing the Joint Accounts, it is instructive to be
reminded of the legal principles in relation to such documents. When a person
opens an account with a bank, he enters into a contract with that bank. Their
relationship will be determined by the terms of that contract by which the
account holders agree to abide. It is therefore well-settled that the bank’s
legal obligations in the opening of a joint account are governed by the terms
of the contract between the bank and the joint account holders: Poh Chu Chai,
Law of Banker and Customer (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2016) at p 225.

46 Where the bank’s terms and conditions provide for the right of
survivorship, the survivorship clause must be interpreted by giving it its
plain meaning. Case authority has, however, established that a survivorship
clause without more is a contractual arrangement between the bank and the
joint account holders as to how to deal with the moneys in a joint account
and, therefore, not conclusive evidence of the parties’ intention as to
ownership of the moneys in the joint account. In Low Gim Siah and others v Low
Geok Khim and another [2007] 1 SLR(R) 795 (“Low Gim Siah”), the Court of
Appeal cited with approval the decision of the Ontario Court of Appeal in
Saylor v Madsen Estate (2006) 261 DLR (4th) 597 (“Saylor”). The facts of
Saylor can be stated simply: the father, who died in 1998, had made one of his
daughters (“Ms Brooks”) a joint signatory to his bank accounts, which provided
for a right of survivorship. In September 1997, the joint accounts were
closed, and the funds deposited into an investment account, which again was a
joint account with Ms Brooks and had a right of survivorship (Saylor at [10]).
During the father’s lifetime, Ms Brooks did not deposit any of her own moneys
into the accounts and only drew out cheques on her father’s directions (Saylor
at [33]). The issue was whether the father had intended to make a gift of that
moneys to Ms Brooks or whether he intended to remain the beneficial owner of
it (Saylor at [11]). The Ontario Court of Appeal, in upholding the trial
judge’s finding that no gift to Ms Brooks had been intended, considered that
the probative value of bank documents could only be ascertained after an
assessment of the totality of the relevant evidence (Saylor at [27],
[40]–[41]). As the case demonstrated, such bank documents do not always
provide accurate evidence of the parties’ intentions. In this regard, I find
helpful the approach as stated by LaForme JA (Saylor at [27] and [31]):

[27] Bank documents can be strong evidence of a party’s intention at the time
the parties signed them. I do not, however, agree that the bank documents
should be assigned presumptive value when trying to determine a party’s
intention. The probative value of such documents, like any other relevant
evidence, can only be ascertained after an assessment of the totality of the
relevant evidence. As this case demonstrates, the document does not always
provide accurate evidence of the parties’ intent.

…

[31] The more recent bank agreements provide for a right of survivorship so it
can no longer be said that the documents do not define rights as between the
joint account holders. However, there is no reason to treat the documents as
dispositive of the actual relationship between the parties. Documents remain a
piece of evidence — perhaps a very important piece of evidence — going to the
intention of the parties who created the document. Nevertheless, the weight to
be assigned to such documents in any given case must be left to the trier of
fact.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

47 The above approach is aptly illustrated by the factual matrix in Low Gim
Siah, which was referred to in the passage from Lau Siew Kim, as cited by the
Defendants (at [44] above). In Low Gim Siah, the deceased (“LKT”), had held
six bank accounts jointly with one of his sons (“LGB”), during his lifetime
(Low Gim Siah at [1]). The joint accounts each provided for the right of
survivorship and stipulated that either co-account holder’s signature was
sufficient to operate the accounts (Low Gim Siah at [9] and [10]).
Nonetheless, the evidence showed that LKT made sure that only he could draw on
the joint accounts (Low Gim Siah at [49]). The Court of Appeal thus found that
LKT had retained full and complete dominion throughout his life over the
moneys in the six joint accounts, and this fact of absolute dominion was
sufficient to rebut the presumption that LKT intended for LGB to have the
moneys in the joint accounts upon his death (Low Gim Siah at [51]).

48 In a similar vein, in relation to transfer documents generally, it was
pertinently observed by the Appellate Division of the High Court in Lim Choo
Hin (as the sole executrix of the estate of Lim Guan Heong, deceased) v Lim
Sai Ing Peggy [2022] 1 SLR 873 (“Lim Choo Hin”) that “our courts have
previously found that properties were held on trust for the transferor in the
face of transfer documents suggesting that the transfer had been intended as a
gift” [emphasis added] (at [11]). In Lim Choo Hin, the sole registered
proprietor of a flat (“Mr Lim”) had transferred the flat to himself and his
daughter (“LSI”) as joint tenants (at [2]). The sole executrix of LGH’s estate
(“LCH”) brought an application seeking a declaration that LSI held the flat on
trust for Mr Lim’s estate (Lim Choo Hin at [1]). At first instance, the trial
judge relied in particular on a stamp on the Title Deed which reflected that
the 1981 Transfer had taken place, and which stated that the flat had been
“TRANSFER[RED] TO [LSI] (BY GIFT) AND [MR LIM] AS JOINT TENANTS OF THE WITHIN
LEASEHOLD ESTATE” [emphasis in original] (Lim Choo Hin at [10]). On appeal,
the Appellate Division of the High Court disagreed, stating that whilst these
transfer documents are contemporaneous records, they could hardly be said to
be conclusive of the transferor’s actual intent or state of mind at the
material time (Lim Choo Hin at [11]). Furthermore, the importance of
considering the circumstantial evidence in that case was reinforced by the
fact that Mr Lim, being deceased, was no longer able to provide direct
evidence of his own intentions (Lim Choo Hin at [12]).

49 I would add also that a bank is only concerned with its obligations and
liabilities to the customer. It is not typically concerned with the identity
of the person beneficially entitled to the chose in action that is the joint
account. This is rightly so, as such an undertaking may increase the costs to
the bank of providing such a service. Hence, in the standard terms considered
at [12] above, UOB bank reserves the right to “take such steps [it] deem[s]
appropriate including paying the credit balance in the [FD Account] into a
court”. Hence, while the fact of adding a person as a joint account holder may
be evidence of an intention of a gift, it is not determinative of that
intention.

50 Bearing the above principles in mind, I am satisfied, for the reasons
stated at [59] and [67] below, after considering the totality of the evidence
in this case, that the banks’ terms and conditions governing the Joint
Accounts are not conclusive of Dr Khoo’s state of mind at the material time.
The Codicil was executed just 11 days after the conversion of the Joint
Accounts and made it plain that Dr Khoo continued to treat the moneys in the
Joint Accounts as his moneys to be bequeathed under the Will and Codicil.

The undisputed chronology of events

51 There is no dispute between the parties as to the chronology of the
following material facts (the “Material Chronology”):

(a) Dr Khoo executed the Will on 10 August 2012;

(b) Dr Khoo was diagnosed with liver cancer in October 2019;

(c) Patricia and Evelyn were added as co-account holders of the FD Account and
the POSB Account on 7 November 2019, with the signature of any one co-account
holder being sufficient for the operation of the Joint Accounts; and

(d) Dr Khoo executed the Codicil on 18 November 2019.

Conversion of the Joint Accounts on 7 November 2019

52 The Defendants’ case on these events is that Dr Khoo’s conversion of the
Joint Accounts on 7 November 2019 showed his intention to gift the entirety of
the beneficial interest in the Joint Accounts to the Defendants upon his
demise. There is no direct evidence that Dr Khoo expressly stated his
intention as such, but the Defendants rely on the cumulative weight of the
circumstantial evidence as follows. Dr Khoo’s trip to the UOB Parkway Parade
Branch on 7 November 2019 was “out of the ordinary” as Dr Khoo typically would
only visit UOB for the purpose of renewing his fixed deposits when they were
due to mature. None of Dr Khoo’s fixed deposits with UOB were maturing or due
for renewal on or around that date, and the Defendants submit that the trip
was specifically arranged by Dr Khoo for the sole purpose of converting the
Joint Accounts. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 80; Defendants’ written
submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 94.

53 The Defendants also rely on Patricia’s evidence that upon returning home
from the banks on 7 November 2019, Dr Khoo handed her the POSB Passbook for
the POSB Account and the fixed deposit slips for the fixed deposits placed
with UOB. He then told her, “[i]t’s yours”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 82.

However, I note that this was Patricia’s account of what Dr Khoo had stated.
It is unclear what Dr Khoo meant by the word “it”, whether he intended this to
be a definitive statement of intent, and whether Dr Khoo was even referring to
the POSB Passbook, the fixed deposit slips and/or the moneys in the Joint
Accounts. I therefore do not give this piece of evidence (“[i]t’s yours”)
considerable weight in the light of the clear and compelling evidence
suggesting otherwise (see [59] and [67] below).

54 In my view, the conversion of the Joint Accounts was, by itself, a neutral
factor. Whilst this could be consistent with an intention to gift the
beneficial interest in the Joint Accounts to the co-account holders (ie, the
Defendants), it could also be equally consistent with Dr Khoo’s intention for
the Defendants to assist Dr Khoo in the administration of his medical expenses
from the Joint Accounts. To adopt a loose analogy, it would be akin to a
person, X, keeping moneys in a safe which can be unlocked by either of two
keys. The fact that X hands over one key to Y, in circumstances which
suggested that X was aware of his deteriorating health, such that X might not
be able to access the safe as readily as before, does not necessarily mean
that X intended to gift Y the moneys in the safe. Whilst, of course, there is
a conceptual difference between moneys in a safe and a bank account (the
latter of which is a chose in action), it appears to me that employing a loose
proprietary analogy for the purposes of ascertaining X’s state of mind
nonetheless accords with the layperson’s view of what he does when he opens a
bank account, which for most people, is to store his moneys. This was
certainly the case for Dr Khoo, who kept his life savings in the Joint
Accounts. In the present case, the latter explanation (viz, administrative
convenience) was certainly plausible and cannot be ruled out in light of Dr
Khoo’s cancer diagnosis in October 2019.

55 The Defendants rely on the decision in Kelvin Lim, where Chan Seng Onn J,
as he then was, found that the deceased (“Bee Bee”) had intended to give the
moneys in her joint account to the co-account holder defendant (at
[128]–[129]). Chan J gave “considerable weight” to Bee Bee’s “deliberate and
considered action” to include the defendant as a joint signatory and to
convert her UOB account into a joint account with the defendant on 25 June
2004 (Kelvin Lim at [102]). The defendant was Bee Bee’s boyfriend and co-
habitant during her lifetime, and the “second love of [Bee Bee’s] life”
(Kelvin Lim at [1] and [109]). Chan J also considered that the banks’ terms
and conditions providing for the right of survivorship, which both the
defendant and Bee Bee agreed to, constituted “very strong evidence of what Bee
Bee’s true intentions were, namely that he, the defendant, was to have the
money beneficially if he survived her” (Kelvin Lim at [80]).

56 However, the outcome in Kelvin Lim must be considered in the context of its
factual matrix. It is relevant that Bee Bee’s “deliberate and considered
action” to convert the joint account on 25 June 2004 was five years after her
second will was executed, in which Bee Bee had left all her real and personal
property to the plaintiff upon her death (Kelvin Lim at [29]). The plaintiff
was Bee Bee’s nephew, and he gave evidence that Bee Bee had always looked
after him as her son. They evidently shared a close relationship as Bee Bee
and her ex-husband (“Michael”) did not have any children of their own and she
effectively adopted the plaintiff as her godson (Kelvin Lim at [5] and [10]).
Crucially, Chan J stressed that at the time that Bee Bee executed her second
will on 16 November 1999, the defendant had yet to enter her life (Kelvin Lim
at [29]). However, the personal situation of Bee Bee “changed substantially”
after the second will and Chan J was alive to the possibility that, if Bee Bee
had a change of intention on how her moneys should be distributed, “changing
her will was not the only course open to [Bee Bee] and she could always, for
example, make an inter vivos gift” (Kelvin Lim at [31]). In the circumstances,
it must also be borne in mind that Bee Bee did not take any other step
relevant to her testamentary intention in relation to the joint account after
the conversion of the said account on 25 June 2004.

57 Two key features of the present case are, therefore, the Material
Chronology and the terms of the Codicil. These provide important context to
the conversion of the Joint Accounts and make it abundantly clear that Dr Khoo
intended for the moneys in the Joint Accounts to form part of his Estate.
Whilst I considered the possibility that Dr Khoo could have had a change of
intention in November 2019, as submitted by the Defendants, it is highly
significant that the Codicil was executed just 11 days after and, on the
Defendants’ own case and evidence, in circumstances where Dr Khoo’s attention
had been brought to the material terms and conditions governing the Joint
Accounts and what they meant (see [15] above). I therefore turn to consider
the terms of the Codicil in greater detail.

The terms of the Codicil

58 A codicil is executed for the purpose of adding to, varying or revoking the
provisions of a will that was previously made: Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore
vol 15 (LexisNexis, 2016 Reissue) at para 190.165. By the Codicil executed on
18 November 2019, Dr Khoo made several amendments to his Will (as set out at
[16(a)]–[16(f)] above). Insofar as the distribution of the moneys in the Joint
Accounts is concerned, the relevant amendments to the Will are set out at: (a)
cl 1.4.2 of the Codicil, to direct that the Cash Gift be taken out “from the
total amount of [Dr Khoo’s] fixed deposits” and be paid to Evelyn as a cash
gift; and (b) cl 1.4.4 of the Codicil, to update that the business of POSB
Siglap Branch had since been taken over by POSB Marine Parade Branch.
Significantly, Dr Khoo did not amend the Will to remove the inclusion of the
Joint Accounts for distribution to his four children in equal shares under
Schedule A of his Will.

59 I therefore find that the plain meaning of cl 1.4.2 of the Codicil affirms
Dr Khoo’s expressed intention, under cl 5(1) read with Schedule A of the Will,
to distribute the moneys in the Joint Accounts to his four children in equal
shares. In specifying that the Cash Gift be paid to Evelyn as a gift, it shows
that he considered, 11 days after changing the accounts to joint accounts,
that the entirety of the $4,080,000 was his to dispose of. In a similar vein,
in the terms of the Codicil, Dr Khoo continued to refer to the moneys in the
Joint Accounts as “my total fixed deposits of $4,080,000.000” and “my fixed
deposits” [emphasis added in bold italics] (cl 1.4.2 of the Codicil).
Therefore, despite the Defendants’ evidence that Dr Khoo was aware of the
survivorship clauses in the banks’ terms and conditions governing the Joint
Accounts (see [15] and [57] above), the plain meaning of the Codicil and the
fact that it was executed only 11 days after the conversion of the Joint
Accounts clearly indicates that Dr Khoo intended to retain all beneficial
interest in the Joint Accounts at the material time.

60 In response to this, counsel for the Defendants places weight on Evelyn’s
explanation of the events leading up to the Cash Gift. In early November 2019,
in the midst of four private discussions between Patricia and Dr Khoo
regarding Dr Khoo’s “testamentary wishes” (the “Four Discussions”), 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at paras 64–75.

Patricia informed Evelyn that Dr Khoo intended to make changes to his Will,
but that Evelyn did not have to worry as she would be allowed to continue
living in the Property until her death. Evelyn replied that she wished to see
Dr Khoo’s Will. After obtaining Dr Khoo’s permission to do so, Patricia then
showed Evelyn the Will. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 73; Evelyn’s AEIC dated 15
November 2022 at para 75.

Evelyn explained that when she saw that the list of figures in the Will
totalling $4,080,000, she suggested to Dr Khoo that he give her a sum of
$80,000, which he agreed to. At the time, Evelyn had not known that Dr Khoo
intended to convert the FD Account into a joint bank account. Relying on these
events, counsel for the Defendants submits that Dr Khoo acceding to Evelyn’s
“relatively modest” request for $80,000 was intended to be a symbolic gesture
and to make clear to Patricia that whatever plans she may have for the moneys
in the Joint Account, at least $80,000 should be set aside for Evelyn. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2022 at para 112.

61 However, even if I accept this to be the explanation behind the Cash Gift
in cl 1.4.2 of the Codicil, it nonetheless contradicts the plain meaning of
the terms of the Codicil which Dr Khoo executed (see [59] above). In fact, the
organised and meticulous manner in which Dr Khoo handled his affairs,
especially in matters concerning his assets and what would become of them
after his death, was demonstrated through the Defendants’ own evidence on the
Four Discussions. The Four Discussions, to which only Patricia (out of all the
parties) was privy to, also suggest that Dr Khoo had formed the requisite
intention to amend his Will several days before his act of converting the
Joint Accounts on 7 November 2019. These Four Discussions took place between 3
and 6 November 2019. Patricia’s evidence is that at the first discussion on 3
November 2019, Dr Khoo told Patricia that he wanted the Property to be kept in
the family as he had received it as a gift from his mother. He also told
Patricia that he wanted Evelyn to be able to live comfortably in the Property
for the rest of her life with Patricia as her primary caregiver. Patricia
expressed that she was keen to buy the Property as it was of great sentimental
value to her, but she was worried that she might not have sufficient means and
funds to purchase it. In response, Dr Khoo then stated that he would “help
[Patricia]” [emphasis added]. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at paras 65–66; NE 12 May 2023 at 79
lines 3-8.

62 What followed was a second discussion on 4 November 2019, in which Dr Khoo
instructed Patricia to draft a letter to the trustees/executors of the Will
(the “Draft Letter”) stating that: (a) he wanted the Property to be sold to
Patricia at the average of two valuations; (b) Evelyn be allowed to stay in
the Property as long as she wished or until her demise; (c) Dr Khoo only
wanted Patricia and Katherine to be the executors of the Will; and (d) Dr Khoo
was of sound mind when he made these decisions. Dr Khoo then instructed
Patricia to reach out to his lawyer, Mr Ching, to make the following
amendments to the Will: (a) to remove Joyce as a joint co-executrix of his
Will; and (b) that upon Dr Khoo’s passing, the Property would be sold to
Patricia at a price that is the average of two valuations and that Evelyn
would be allowed to stay at the Property for as long as she wished or until
her demise. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at paras 71–72; NE 12 May 2023 at 81
lines 17 to 84 line 8.

63 The third discussion took place on 5 November 2019, during which Patricia
sought Dr Khoo’s confirmation of the Draft Letter that she had prepared. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 74.

64 The fourth discussion took place on 6 November 2019, during which Dr Khoo
instructed Patricia to tell Mr Ching that he also wanted to specify in the
Will that a sum of $80,000 be taken from the total amount of his fixed
deposits in the FD Account and given to Evelyn as a cash gift (ie, the Cash
Gift). This discussion took place one day before Dr Khoo’s conversion of the
Joint Accounts on 7 November 2019.

65 It is plain that the subject matter of the Four Discussions can be tracked
to the express changes that Dr Khoo made to his Will by way of the Codicil,
which was eventually executed on 18 November 2019. I make two observations
from the Four Discussions. First, the Four Discussions were consistent with
Katherine’s evidence that Dr Khoo was an organised man in his affairs. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Katherine’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 19.

There were no ifs and buts, so to speak, especially in matters concerning the
distribution of his assets. Dr Khoo took care to instruct Patricia to make the
necessary arrangements to carry out the changes in his testamentary wishes,
and followed up with her on whether his instructions had been carried out. For
instance, at the third discussion on 5 November 2019, Dr Khoo reviewed the
wording of the Draft Letter that Patricia had prepared before instructing
Patricia to print it out so that he could sign it in the presence of Dr Robert
Lim (“Dr Lim”), an oncologist who had been treating Dr Khoo at that time. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AB at p 532.

At the same discussion, Dr Khoo also reminded Patricia to contact Mr Ching to
make the amendments to his Will, now that the Draft Letter expressing his
testamentary wishes had been drafted. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 74.

66 My second observation, against this backdrop, is that it is striking that
such a material change in Dr Khoo’s testamentary intention (ie, to gift the
entirety of the moneys in the Joint Accounts to the Defendants), if indeed
true, was not instructed by Dr Khoo to be recorded in writing. It is
significant that Dr Khoo made no mention during the course of the Four
Discussions that the moneys in the Joint Accounts should be gifted to the
Defendants upon his demise, nor did he exclude the Joint Accounts from the
schedule of assets in his Will. There was likewise no mention of these changes
by Dr Khoo in his Draft Letter. These facts support the contention that Dr
Khoo did not intend to gift the entirety of the moneys in the Joint Accounts
to the Defendants.

67 The Four Discussions indicate that Dr Khoo had already formed the intention
to execute the Codicil between 3 and 6 November 2019 (ie before he took the
step of converting the Joint Accounts on 7 November 2019), and this is
consistent with my finding that Dr Khoo did not intend to gift the entirety of
the moneys in the Joint Accounts to the Defendants upon his demise. I
reiterate that Dr Khoo’s fourth discussion with Patricia specified carving out
the Cash Gift of $80,000 from the moneys in the FD Account. This suggests
that, up until 6 November 2019 at the least, Dr Khoo had every intention that
the moneys in the FD Account be distributed upon his death in the manner he
had stated in the Will. I accept the submission that it is nothing short of
incredible that Dr Khoo might have abruptly changed his mind the very next day
during the bank visits and decided to gift the entirety of the moneys in the
Joint Accounts to the Defendants. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Teng Jin’s written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 52.

68 For completeness, I find that Dr Khoo removing Joyce as an executor of the
Will (see cl 1.1 of the Codicil) does not affect the construction of the
relevant terms of the Codicil which relate to the moneys in the Joint
Accounts. Furthermore, I accept that whilst Dr Khoo may not have wanted Joyce
to be an executor, this does not necessarily indicate that he had changed his
intention to treat his four children equally in relation to the moneys in the
Joint Accounts.

Dr Khoo’s subsequent conduct

69 The Defendants accept that a transferor’s retention of complete dominion
over a jointly-held asset after the transfer supports the conclusion that the
transferor transferred the asset for an administrative or some other self-
interested purpose, rather than as a gift to the transferee. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 36.

This is illustrated by the factual matrix in Low Gim Siah (see [47] above), in
which the Court of Appeal found that LKT had retained full and complete
dominion over the money in the six joint accounts throughout his life. The
evidence showed that LKT made sure that only he could draw on the joint
accounts and it was held that the fact of absolute dominion was sufficient to
rebut the presumption that LKT intended for LGB to have the money in the joint
accounts upon his death (Low Gim Siah at [51]).

70 Nonetheless, the Defendants submit that Dr Khoo’s words (namely, the
occasion on 7 November 2019 where he handed Patricia the POSB Passbook and
fixed deposit slips and stated “[i]t’s yours”) and conduct following the
conversion of the Joint Accounts on 7 November 2019 reveal that he did not
treat the moneys in the Joint Accounts as belonging solely to him. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendants’ Written Submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 98.

Patricia also gave evidence that on other subsequent occasions, whenever the
fixed deposits held in the FD Account were due to mature, Dr Khoo and Patricia
would jointly attend at UOB to renew the fixed deposits. Each time, Dr Khoo
would ask the bank officer to check and confirm that the FD Account was held
in the three joint names. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 83.

On another occasion, when Dr Khoo received a letter from DBS dated 8 November
2019, informing him about the change in the account mandate for the POSB
Account, he noticed that the letter was only addressed to Patricia and
himself. He then asked Patricia to confirm with DBS that the POSB Account was
jointly held by Dr Khoo and the Defendants, which Patricia did. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 90 and PK-20 (exhibiting the
letter from DBS dated 8 November 2019).

Counsel for the Defendants invokes the rule in Browne v Dunn (1893) 6 R 67 and
argues that Patricia’s evidence on this “critical piece” of evidence is
unchallenged. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at paras 14-18 and 98.

71 I am of the view, however, that even if I accept Patricia’s evidence of Dr
Khoo’s subsequent conduct, it is not sufficient evidence that Dr Khoo had
changed his mind in November 2019. The late Dr Khoo, was, by Patricia’s own
evidence, a careful and meticulous man as to his affairs 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 7.

, and, when he intended to make changes to his Will, took pains to instruct
Patricia to prepare a Draft Letter and arrange for it to be signed in the
presence of his oncologist, over and above his concurrent instructions to Mr
Ching to draft the Codicil (see [61] and [65] above). Even though the
Defendants assert that Dr Khoo was a man of few words, and he may not have
always been precise or detailed when verbalising his thoughts and wishes, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defendants’ reply submissions dated 31 July 2023 at para 12; Patricia’s AEIC
dated 15 November 2022 at para 82.

it cannot be disputed that the Four Discussions were more than ample evidence
demonstrating Dr Khoo’s care in ensuring that the changes in his testamentary
wishes would be properly recorded in writing. It is also clear that other than
the Property, the moneys in the Joint Accounts formed the most substantial
part of Dr Khoo’s assets for distribution upon his death. A change of such
magnitude would no doubt have moved Dr Khoo to do more to ensure that it was
clear beyond doubt that the moneys in the Joint Accounts were not to be
distributed in accordance with the terms of the Will and Codicil.

The possibility that Dr Khoo had added the Defendants as co-account holders
for administrative reasons could not be ruled out

72 The Defendants submit that there were various alternative courses of action
that Dr Khoo could have undertaken if administrative convenience was truly the
reason for the conversion of the Joint Accounts in November 2019. For
instance, the Defendants contend that Dr Khoo could have simply given Patricia
access to his bank accounts by providing her with the relevant PIN numbers,
passwords and/or tokens. Alternatively, Dr Khoo could have designated Patricia
as an “authorised person” or “authorised signatory” under the relevant terms
and conditions governing the Joint Accounts, which would have enabled Patricia
to instruct the banks on Dr Khoo’s behalf. They also contend that Evelyn would
not have made for a suitable administrator due to her advanced age and
mobility issues. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at paras 115–121.

73 In my view, however, the possibility that Dr Khoo had added the Defendants
as co-account holders solely for administrative reasons cannot be conclusively
ruled out. By November 2019, Dr Khoo was diagnosed with liver cancer. Patricia
had by that time assumed the responsibility of being the primary caregiver for
both of her parents. It was also Patricia’s evidence that subsequent to the
conversion of the Joint Accounts, the funds in the POSB Account had been used
to pay for Dr Khoo’s ongoing medical expenses, as well as daily and household
expenses incurred by her parents. Patricia deposed that on or around 12
October 2020, a significant sum of $180,332.88 had been withdrawn from the
fixed deposits in anticipation of nine upcoming sessions of cancer treatment
for Dr Khoo. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 87.

These support the position that Dr Khoo wanted to add the Defendants as co-
account holders of the Joint Accounts so that they could help in the
administration of his medical expenses from those accounts, if necessary.
Certainly, no one could not have foreseen how or to what extent Dr Khoo’s
health would impact his mobility or physical condition in the months
subsequent to his cancer diagnosis. It was entirely within the realm of
possibilities that Dr Khoo, being the careful and organised man that he was as
to his affairs, wished to ensure that there would be someone able to withdraw
the necessary funds from the Joint Accounts to pay for his bills if he was
unable to do so himself.

Dr Khoo’s relationship with his family members

74 Over the course of the trial, counsel for the parties made certain
allegations about the nature and state of the parties’ respective
relationships with Dr Khoo. Counsel for the Defendants, in particular, devoted
extensive submissions to what, broadly put, were allegations that there had
been certain incidents which caused Dr Khoo to lose trust in one of his
children or the other, although it was clarified that the Defendants were not
running the case that Dr Khoo had had a change of mind because of ill-will
towards his other children. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defendants’ reply submissions dated 31 July 2023 at para 19.

It was also claimed that, out of Dr Khoo’s four children, Patricia was the
closest to her parents (having assumed the responsibility of being their
primary caregiver for many years) and that Dr Khoo trusted her greatly as
compared to her three siblings. In contrast to the clear and compelling
evidence before the court of Dr Khoo’s testamentary intention, however, I
would observe that these allegations as to the state of the familial
relationships seem to be speculative and directed at how the testator may had
decided. While I accept that the nature and state of the relationship between
the transferor and the recipient is at times relevant in ascertaining the
former’s intention, in this case, Dr Khoo’s intention is clear from the
totality of the evidence before the court (see [58]–[67] above).

75 I am also persuaded that Dr Khoo did not consider the nature and state of
his relationships with his family members to be relevant to how he wanted the
moneys in the Joint Accounts to be distributed upon his death. The Plaintiffs’
evidence was that Dr Khoo was a father who treated his four children equally
and fairly and that he “did not believe in favouritism”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Katherine’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 9; Joyce’s AEIC dated 15
November 2022 at paras 6 and 8.

I am alive to the possible dangers of relying solely on the Plaintiffs’
evidence as to Dr Khoo’s character (which may be self-serving) but, in my
view, the clearest and unbiased evidence of this was Dr Khoo’s decision to
treat Teng Jin the same as his other children in the distribution of his
assets set out in Schedule A of the Will, which includes the Joint Accounts
(see cl 5 of the Will at [7] above). The Will was executed on 10 August 2012.
It is undisputed by the parties (save for Teng Jin himself) that Teng Jin was
estranged from Dr Khoo since 2006, about six years prior to the Will, owing to
certain incidents which had taken place. I accept that Teng Jin had been
estranged from the family, and this fact was also confirmed in the evidence of
Dr Khoo’s sister-in-law, Mdm Vivienne Hong (“Mdm Hong”). 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Mdm Vivienne Hong’s AEIC dated 27 October 2022 at para 7; NE 11 May 2023 at 22
lines 17-21.

Mdm Hong was the only relative that Teng Jin continued to be in contact with
after his estrangement. Their good relationship is evident; she is the grand-
godmother to Teng Jin’s son from his second marriage 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE 11 May 2023 at 21 line 22–22 line 2.

and she even deposed that “[o]ften, [she] would remind [Dr Khoo] not to strike
[Teng Jin] off the inheritance”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Mdm Vivienne Hong’s AEIC dated 27 October 2022 at para 7.

She explained during cross-examination that she “did not expect” that Dr Khoo
might have struck him off, but she “want[ed] to be proactive too” in ensuring
that Teng Jin would get an inheritance despite his estrangement. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE 11 May 2023 at 29 lines 9-18.

Although Mdm Hong was unable to confirm with precision the exact date of Teng
Jin’s estrangement, she testified that she knew of the estrangement by the
time Teng Jin approached her for help over an incident involving his domestic
helper and a police report which he believed Patricia had made 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE 11 May 2023 at 24 lines 5-12 and 26 lines 2-24.

(by Patricia and Teng Jin’s evidence, this incident took place in or around
July 2008). 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Patricia’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at paras 35-47; NE 11 May 2023 at 97
lines 19-20 (Teng Jin).

This therefore broadly corroborated the Plaintiffs’ and Defendants’ evidence
of Teng Jin’s estrangement from Dr Khoo since 2006 and, in any event, before
the Will was executed in August 2012. That Dr Khoo still made provision under
his Will for Teng Jin to receive an equal share in, inter alia, the moneys in
the Joint Accounts, and further, failed to modify this position by the terms
of the Codicil, therefore showed that even if there was estrangement between
them, this did not affect Dr Khoo’s intention to benefit his son after his
death.

76 In light of the aforesaid, it is unnecessary to consider the various
allegations centred on Dr Khoo’s relationship with the parties, which
scandalise, rather than assist, in the conclusion to be drawn.

77 For completeness, however, I add that even if the Defendants’ case is taken
at its highest and Dr Khoo did favour Patricia over his other children, I
accept that the right to purchase the Property given to Patricia and/or her
own family nominees and to do so within a generous time frame (see cl 1.2.1 of
the Codicil) was an additional benefit conferred on Patricia that was not
afforded to any of Dr Khoo’s other children. This would also be consistent
with Patricia’s evidence that Dr Khoo had told her that he would “help” her to
purchase the Property (see [61] above). I understand this term to mean, in the
light of the totality of the evidence, that Dr Khoo was referring to the
additional benefits given to Patricia and/or her own family nominees under cl
1.2.1 of the Codicil in respect of the Property.

Conclusion

78 In conclusion, I am satisfied that the totality of the evidence shows
clearly that Dr Khoo did not intend to gift the beneficial interest in the
Joint Accounts to the Defendants at the material time. Bearing the above
principles at [40]–[42] in mind, a resulting trust therefore arises in favour
of the Estate. It follows that the parties challenging the right of
survivorship, ie, the Plaintiffs, have discharged the burden of showing a
contrary intention.

79 Furthermore, as I have found that there is direct evidence which clearly
and adequately reveals the intention of the transferor, it is unnecessary in
the circumstances to resort to the presumptions of resulting trust and
advancement (see the principles cited at [40(b)], [40(d)] and [42] above). In
Lau Siew Kim, the Court of Appeal affirmed that the presumptions of resulting
trust and advancement are “no more than a long stop to provide the answer when
the relevant facts and circumstances fail to yield a solution”, and should be
treated as “an evidential instrument of last resort where there is no direct
evidence as to the intention of the parties” (citing the statements in
Vandervell v Inland Revenue Commissioners [1967] 2 AC 291 at 313 and Teo Siew
Har v Lee Kuan Yew [1999] 3 SLR(R) 410 at [29]) (Lau Siew Kim at [59]).

80 At the time of Dr Khoo’s death, the Defendants therefore hold the moneys in
the Joint Accounts on resulting trust for the Estate.

If the presumption of resulting trust arises in favour of the Estate, whether
a presumption of advancement applies in favour of the Defendants and rebuts it

81 In the interests of completeness, I add that even if I am wrong in reaching
the above conclusion that there is clear evidence of Dr Khoo’s actual
intentions at the material time, I would nonetheless hold that the presumption
of resulting trust arises in favour of the Estate and is not rebutted. The
parties do not dispute the gratuitous nature of the conversion of the Joint
Accounts on 7 November 2019 or that the moneys in the Joint Accounts were
solely contributed by Dr Khoo. Whilst the presumption of advancement arises in
favour of the Defendants, I would hold that it is rebutted by the clear words
of the Will and the Codicil to the contrary, for the same reasons as stated at
[58]–[67] above. In any event, I find that Dr Khoo did not consider himself to
be morally or legally obliged to provide for Evelyn in any way as seen by the
matters stated at [84] below and the presumption of advancement in favour of
Evelyn is weak.

Addenda: The Will and Codicil are silent on how the Property and/or its sale
proceeds should be dealt with if Evelyn chooses to stay on until her demise

82 Clause 4(2) of the Will provides that the Property shall be sold, and the
sale proceeds distributed equally among Evelyn and the four children only in
the event that Evelyn “moves out of [the Property] on her own volition”.
Whilst cl 5(1) of the Will provides that Dr Khoo’s residuary estate is to be
bequeathed to his four children equally, cl 4(3) of the Will unequivocally
states that the Property does not form part of the residuary estate. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AB at p 19.

83 The Defendants say that it is therefore apparent that the Will and Codicil
are far from “wonderful” and “perfect”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 110.

The Defendants also allude that it would be absurd for Evelyn to “stand to
receive the least from the Estate in her lifetime”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 135.

Aside from the $80,000 Cash Gift, Evelyn would receive 20% of the sale
proceeds of the Property only if she moves out of her own volition. She
receives no other share of the residuary estate. The Defendants assert that
Evelyn was Dr Khoo’s “beloved wife” and that Dr Khoo knew that she would not
be able to afford home-based nursing care and other medical expenses without
additional financial support. Whilst she has a civil service card which
subsidises the costs of certain medical expenses, the Defendants say that this
would be insufficient to cover home-based nursing care. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendants’ written submissions dated 10 July 2023 at para 131; Evelyn’s AEIC
dated 15 November 2022 at para 19.

84 However, apart from this assertion, I am unable to find, on the evidence,
that Dr Khoo intended to make financial provision for Evelyn upon his death
beyond the $80,000 Cash Gift. On the contrary, Dr Khoo provided by cl 4(1) of
his Will that upon his death, Evelyn “can stay in [the Property] until she
dies on condition that she pays for the upkeep of [the Property] using her own
funds” [emphasis added in bold italics]. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

AB at p 19.

This was not modified by the terms of the Codicil. Evelyn also deposed that
she receives a monthly pension of $2,100 and monthly rental income of $7,000
from a commercial shophouse property which she inherited from her parents. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Evelyn’s AEIC dated 15 November 2022 at para 19.

These suggest to me that Dr Khoo was not concerned about Evelyn’s financial
state after his death and did not intend to make financial provision for
Evelyn beyond the $80,000 Cash Gift which she had specifically requested.

85 As to the question of how the Property and/or its sale proceeds should be
dealt with if Evelyn chooses to stay on until her demise, I make some brief
observations, although I emphasise that this particular issue was not in
dispute before me. Dr Khoo was the sole owner of the Property. The Will and
Codicil do not deal with the situation where Evelyn chooses not to move out of
the Property on her own volition before her demise and cl 4(3) of the Will
expressly excludes the Property from distribution under the residuary clause.
Thus, if Evelyn chooses not to move out of the Property before her demise,
there arises a situation of partial intestacy and, upon Evelyn’s demise, the
Property falls to be distributed according to the Intestate Succession Act
(Cap 146, 2013 Rev Ed). It would therefore appear that the trustees of Dr
Khoo’s Estate continue to hold the Property for as long as Evelyn chooses not
to move out of it on her own volition.

Conclusion

86 In this case, sufficient evidence was placed before me and I am able, from
the totality of the evidence, to make a factual finding that on the balance of
probabilities, Dr Khoo intended to retain all beneficial interest in the Joint
Accounts for himself at the material time and, upon his death, for the moneys
in the Joint Accounts to be distributed in accordance with the terms of his
Will and Codicil. The Defendants therefore hold the moneys in the Joint
Accounts on resulting trust in favour of the Estate.

87 Finally, I note that the Plaintiffs have also sought a declaration and
asked for certain orders in relation to the Will and Codicil Moneys and the
Cash Balance. I do not think it is appropriate for me to make any orders on
these items, as they appear to me to relate to matters involving the
administration of the Estate and not the issue of beneficial entitlement to
the moneys in the Joint Accounts per se. Furthermore, I am satisfied that
there is no dispute as to the Cash Balance (see [34] above) as well as the
Will and Codicil Moneys, save for the dispute over the moneys in the Joint
Accounts. As to the injunction sought by the Plaintiffs, there is no
indication of any risk of the Defendants dispersing any of the Will and
Codicil Moneys, including the moneys in the Joint Accounts, such as to justify
the order. Lastly, as to the amount of interest sought by the Plaintiffs, I am
satisfied that as between prayers (e), (f) and (j), it would be more just to
grant an order in terms on prayer (e), save for the modification that interest
is to be paid on the amount of the moneys in the Joint Accounts instead of the
Will and Codicil Money.

88 In conclusion, I allow in part the orders that the Plaintiffs are seeking
and dismiss the Counterclaim. Therefore, I make the following orders:

(a) A declaration that the Defendants hold the balance of the moneys in the
Joint Accounts as at the date of Dr Khoo’s death on trust for Dr Khoo’s Estate
and the beneficiaries in the Will and Codicil.

(b) An order that the Defendants return to the Estate all the documents and
material with regard to the moneys in the Joint Accounts that are in the
possession, power or control of Patricia.

(c) An order that the Defendants give an account to the Estate of all moneys
in the Joint Accounts as at the date of Dr Khoo’s death, and that the
Defendants pay to the Estate such amount of the moneys in the Joint Account
found to be due to the Estate forthwith.

(d) An order that the Defendants pay to the Estate interest on the amount of
the moneys in the Joint Accounts found to be due to the Estate in the amount
of interest that would have accrued if such moneys had been left in their
respective accounts.

(e) An order that Patricia shall sign and submit the Schedule of Assets in P
226/2021 that includes the Joint Accounts to the FJC within two weeks from the
date of this order, and that Patricia shall sign and submit an affidavit
verifying the Schedule of Assets to the FJC within one week from the date of
the FJC’s acceptance of the Schedule of Assets.

89 I will hear parties separately on the question of costs.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Chung Ting Fai (Chung Ting Fai & Co) for the first and second plaintiffs;

Marina Chin SC, Alcina Chew and Natalie Ng (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the
first and second defendants;

Jaikanth Shankar, Stella Ng Yu Xin and Waverly Seong (Davinder Singh Chambers
LLC) (instructed), Chan Jer Hiang (Chan Jer Hiang & Co) for the third
defendant (by counterclaim).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 03 Nov 2023 (16:38 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

