Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the GENERAL DIVISION OF

  
THE

high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC 340

Originating Claim No 247 of 2022 (Registrar’s Appeals Nos 185 and 186 of 2023)

Between

(1)| Julian Moreno Beltran  
---|---  
(2)| Douglas Gan Yi Dong  
  
… Claimants

And

(1)| Terraform Labs Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Kwon Do Hyeong  
(3)| Nikolaos Alexandros Platias  
(4)| Luna Foundation Guard Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Arbitration — Stay of court proceedings — Step in the proceedings]

[Arbitration — Stay of court proceedings — Existence of a prima facie
arbitration agreement — Online agreements]

[Civil Procedure — Rules of Court 2021 — Jurisdictional challenges]

[Civil Procedure — Representative actions — Interaction with arbitration
agreements]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Beltran, Julian Moreno and another

  
v

  

Terraform Labs Pte Ltd and others

[2023] SGHC 340

General Division of the High Court — Originating Claim No 247 of 2022
(Registrar’s Appeals Nos 185 and 186 of 2023)

Hri Kumar Nair J  
25, 28 September, 1 November 2023

30 November 2023

Hri Kumar Nair J:

Introduction

1 The appeals before me, HC/RA 185/2023 (“RA 185”) and HC/RA 186/2023 (“RA
186”), were against the decision of the learned Assistant Registrar (“the AR”)
dismissing HC/SUM 235/2023 (“SUM 235”) and HC/SUM 1427/2023 (“SUM 1427”)
(collectively, “the Stay Applications”), whereby the defendants applied to
stay this action (“the Suit”). The first defendant (“Terraform”) applied on
the basis that there was an arbitration agreement between it and the
claimants, while the other defendants applied on case management grounds.

2 I dismissed the appeals, issuing brief grounds on 28 September 2023. On 1
November 2023, I dismissed Terraform’s further arguments and affirmed my
earlier decision.

3 The appeals engage interesting questions, in the context of a representative
action, involving the incorporation of an arbitration agreement in contracts
formed online; the application of the relevant legal test for the purposes of
granting a stay in favour of arbitration; and the circumstances under which a
litigant may be said to have taken a “step in the proceedings” for the
purposes of s 6(1) of the International Arbitration Act 1994 (2020 Rev Ed)
(“IAA”) in the context of the Rules of Court 2021 (“ROC 2021”). These are my
full grounds of decision.

Background

4 The claimants are individuals who purchased algorithmic stable
cryptocurrency tokens named TerraUSD (“UST”) issued by Terraform. Terraform is
a Singapore-incorporated company in the business of developing software and
applications which run the Terra blockchain. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Julian Moreno Beltran (12 Sep 2022) (“JM-1") at para 7.

Terraform also operates the Terra ecosystem (“the Terra Ecosystem”), which
provides a platform for Terraform’s development and sale of decentralised
financial products and services. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

JM-1 at para 21.

The central feature of the Terra Ecosystem is UST. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

JM-1 at para 23.

The Terra Ecosystem includes a number of other projects, platforms and
applications that build atop the Terra blockchain. One of these is the Anchor
Protocol, a lending and borrowing platform where users can stake their UST in
consideration for promised returns calculated on an annualised yield basis. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

JM-1 at para 38.

5 The second defendant, Kwon Do Hyeong (“Kwon”), is the co-founder,
shareholder, director and Chief Executive Officer of Terraform. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

JM-1 at para 8.

The third defendant, Nikolaos Alexandros Platias (“Platias”), has been
described as a co‑founder and Head of Research of Terraform, and one of the
co-founders or creators of the Anchor Protocol. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

JM-1 at para 9.

The fourth defendant, Luna Foundation Guard Ltd (“Luna”), is said to be an
organisation supporting the growth of the Terra Ecosystem by building reserves
to buttress the stability of UST. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

JM-1 at para 10, pp 132, 136.

The Suit

6 The Suit is a representative action filed on 7 September 2022 by Julian
Moreno Beltran (“Beltran”) and Douglas Gan Yi Dong (“Gan”) (collectively, “the
Representative Claimants”), on behalf of themselves and 375 other individuals.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (21 Nov 2022) (“SOC”).

7 The claimants seek relief against the defendants for, inter alia, making
several misrepresentations that they claimed induced them to purchase UST,
stake UST on the Anchor Protocol, and hold UST while its value plummeted. As a
result, the claimants suffered significant losses. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at p 22; JM-1 at para 11.

The relevant representations (“the Representations”) were: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

JM-1 at paras 22, 40.

(a) first, that UST was stable by design, as it was pegged to a fiat currency;

(b) second, that the Terra protocol and its underlying token economics would
be able to maintain the price stability of UST regardless of market size,
volatility, or demand through an algorithm that would allow an arbitrage
process to happen with UST’s sister token, LUNA, thereby guaranteeing that UST
would always return to the US$1 peg;

(c) third, that UST holders would be able to protect the value of their UST
holdings, given that UST holders would always be able to exchange 1 UST for
US$1 worth of LUNA on the Terra protocol;

(d) fourth, that the Anchor Protocol was a principal-guaranteed stablecoin
savings product where UST holders could enjoy the stability of holding a
stablecoin while earning passive income;

(e) fifth, that the purchasers of UST will earn up to 20% Annualised
Percentage Yields if they staked their UST on the Anchor Protocol; and

(f) sixth, that Luna would be the final backstop in protecting the UST-USD
price peg as it had built up a substantial reserve of funds, denominated in
Bitcoin.

8 I shall refer to the first to third Representations collectively as the
“Terra Representations”. The claimants allege that the first to second
Representations were made in a white paper published in April 2019 (“the Terra
White Paper”) by, inter alia, Kwon and Platias. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

JM-1 at para 25; Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 19 lines 5–6.

The Terra Representations (including the third Representation) allegedly also
appeared on Terraform’s website (“the Terra Website”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

JM-1 at para 27.

9 On the claimants’ pleaded case, they were induced by the Terra
Representations to purchase UST, 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at Schedules 1–3.

and this constituted a contract between the claimants and Terraform on the
terms of the Terra Representations. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at para 14.

Alternatively, the claimants plead that the Terra Representations amounted to
a unilateral contractual offer to the world at large, which they accepted when
they purchased UST. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SOC at para 15.

10 As for the fourth and fifth Representations (“the Anchor Representations”),
the claimants refer to the website of the Anchor Protocol (“the Anchor
Website”) and another white paper published in July 2020 (“the Anchor White
Paper”) by, inter alia, Platias. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

JM-1 at para 41.

The claimants also reference a social media post made by Kwon, in which he
promoted the Anchor Protocol’s yields on UST. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

JM-1 at para 47.

11 In respect of the sixth Representation (“the Luna Representation”), the
claimants refer to announcements published on various websites (but emanating
from the defendants), promoting Luna and its role and actions in building up
reserves to ensure the stability of UST. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

JM-1 at paras 48–51.

12 On the claimants’ pleaded case: eight of the claimants plead that they were
only induced by the Terra Representations; 195 claimants were induced by the
Terra Representations and the Anchor Representations; and 174 claimants
(including Beltran and Gan) were induced by all the Representations. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC at Schedules 1–3.

It is pleaded that the claimants in the second and third groups (ie, other
than the eight claimants in the first group) entered into a second contractual
agreement with Terraform on the terms of the Anchor Representations. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC at paras 18, 24.

13 In May 2022, the value of UST plummeted. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

JM-1 at para 67.

The claimants allege that in reliance on the Representations, they held onto
their UST. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

JM-1 at paras 63–64.

The claimants claim that they suffered loss and damage in the sum of
US$65,646,750.29, being the sum equivalent to the diminution in value between
the US$1 peg for UST and the value of UST held by the claimants and/or the
price at which the claimants sold their UST below the US$1 peg. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SOC at para 37a, p 22.

The arbitration clauses in the websites

14 For the purposes of the present appeals, it was undisputed that both the
Terra and Anchor Websites (collectively, “the Websites”) contained terms
requiring disputes to be resolved by arbitration.

15 The Terra Website contained terms and conditions accessible via a hyperlink
entitled “Terms of Use” (“the Terra Terms of Use”). Clause 13 of the Terra
Terms of Use provided that any dispute involving the Terra Website or the
Terra Terms of Use shall be resolved by arbitration: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

2nd Affidavit of Arrash Christopher Amani (28 Feb 2023) (“CA-2”) at pp
234–235.

13\. Governing Law, Arbitration, Waiver of Class Action

These Terms shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws
of Singapore. If a disagreement or dispute in any way involves the Website or
these Terms and cannot be resolved between the parties with reasonable effort,
the disagreement or dispute shall be resolved exclusively by confidential,
binding arbitration to be seated in Singapore and conducted in the English
language by a single arbitrator pursuant to and in accordance with the
Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC
Rules”). The arbitrator shall be appointed in accordance with the procedures
set out in the SIAC Rules. The award or decision of the arbitrator shall be
final and binding upon the parties and the parties expressly waive any right
under the laws of any jurisdiction to appeal or otherwise challenge the award,
ruling or decision of the arbitrator. All parties to these terms of use waive
their respective rights to a trial by jury.

You hereby acknowledge, represent and warrant that you understand that: (i)
there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and, absent this mandatory
provision, the parties would have the right to sue in court and have a jury
trial concerning Disputes; (ii) in some instances, the costs of arbitration
could exceed the costs of litigation; (iii) the right to discovery may be more
limited in arbitration than in court; and (iv) court review of an arbitration
award is limited. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives any and
all right to trial by jury in any action, suit or other legal proceeding
arising out of or related to these Terms or the transactions contemplated
hereby.

You agree that, unless prohibited by law, there shall be no authority for any
claims to be arbitrated on a class or representative basis, and arbitration
will only decide a dispute between you and us. If any part of this arbitration
clause is later deemed invalid as a matter of law, then the remaining portions
of this section shall remain in effect, except that in no case shall there be
a class arbitration.

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU ARE WAIVING
THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.

16 Similarly, the Anchor Website contained terms and conditions accessible via
a hyperlink entitled “Terms of Service” (“the Anchor Terms of Service”).
Clause 18 of the Anchor Terms of Service provided that any dispute shall be
resolved by arbitration: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

CA-2 at p 254.

18\. Dispute Resolution

We will use our best efforts to resolve any potential disputes through
informal, good faith negotiations. If a potential dispute arises, you must
contact us by sending an email to legal@anchorprotocol.com so that we can
attempt to resolve it without resorting to formal dispute resolution. If we
aren't able to reach an informal resolution within sixty days of your email,
then you and we both agree to resolve the potential dispute according to the
process set forth below.

Any claim or controversy arising out of or relating to the Interface, this
Agreement, including any question regarding this Agreement’s existence,
validity or termination, or any other acts or omissions for which you may
contend that we are liable, including (but not limited to) any claim or
controversy as to arbitrability (“Dispute”), shall be referred to and finally
resolved by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the Arbitration Rules
of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”).

You understand that you are required to resolve all Disputes by binding
arbitration. The arbitration shall be held on a confidential basis before one
or three arbitrators, who shall be selected pursuant to SIAC Rules. The seat
of the arbitration shall be determined by the arbitrator(s); the arbitral
proceedings shall be conducted in English. The applicable law shall be
Singapore law.

Unless we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate your claims with
those of any other party. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator
may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

17 I shall refer to these clauses collectively as “the Arbitration Clauses”.

18 It was common ground that the Arbitration Clauses were wide enough to
encompass the claims pleaded in the Suit. What was in issue was whether they
applied to the claimants. I consider this in greater detail below at
[120]–[161].

Lead-up to the filing of the Stay Applications

19 On 9 November 2022, Terraform filed a Pre–Case Conference Questionnaire
which stated, inter alia, that it intended to challenge the jurisdiction of
the court on the basis of arbitration agreements said to have been entered
into between Terraform and the claimants, based on the Arbitration Clauses. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

1st, 2nd and 4th Defendants’ Pre–Case Conference Questionnaire (9 Nov 2022) at
para 2.

20 On 24 November 2022, Terraform filed its Defence. Significantly, the
Defence was not limited to Terraform’s jurisdictional challenge, but included
its defence on the merits of the claims as well as a Counterclaim for various
declarations. The Defence however, contained a reservation that it was filed
“without prejudice” to Terraform’s contention that the court had no
jurisdiction to hear the case, and its filing was “not to be construed as a
submission to the jurisdiction of the Court”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

CA-2 at para 44.

A similar reservation was pleaded in respect of the Counterclaim. I shall
refer to these reservations collectively as “the Reservations”. I set out the
reservation in the Defence in full: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defence (24 Nov 2022) filed by the 1st Defendant at pp 1–2.

This Defence is filed without prejudice to the 1st Defendant’s contention that
the Court has no jurisdiction over the case and/or should not exercise
jurisdiction over the case, as set out below. It is also filed without
prejudice to the 1st Defendant’s right to object to the commencement or
continuation of these proceedings as representative proceedings.

This Defence is filed in compliance with procedures set out in the Rules of
Court 2021 and is not to be construed as a submission to the jurisdiction of
the Court.

21 Kwon and Luna (who were represented by the same solicitors as Terraform)
filed similar defences, addressing both the jurisdictional challenge and the
merits, with similar reservations. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence (24 Nov 2022) filed by the 2nd Defendant; Defence (24 Nov 2022) filed
by the 4th Defendant.

On 23 December 2022, Platias filed his defence, addressing only the
jurisdictional challenge, without prejudice to his right to file a defence on
the merits should the jurisdictional challenge fail. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence (Jurisdiction) (23 Dec 2022) filed by the 3rd Defendant.

22 Parties engaged in a series of correspondence, spanning several case
conferences, in which the timelines for (a) the claimants to give further and
better particulars (“F&BPs”) of their Statement of Claim (“SOC”) (which had
previously been requested by the defendants); and (b) the defendants to file
and serve their jurisdictional challenges, were negotiated, and extended.

23 First, at a case conference on 9 December 2022, in view of an agreed
extension of the time within which the claimants were to respond with their
F&BPs, and a corresponding agreed extension of the timeline for the defendants
to file and serve their jurisdictional challenges, the learned Senior
Assistant Registrar (“the SAR”) gave directions for the defendants to file and
serve their jurisdictional challenges by 19 January 2023. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Minute Sheet (Case Conference) (9 Dec 2022).

24 On 27 December 2022, following a further agreed extension of time for the
claimants’ F&BPs, the court issued directions extending the deadline for the
filing and serving of jurisdictional challenges to 30 January 2023. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Registrar’s Notice to Parties (27 Dec 2022).

25 Only Platias complied with the directions, filing SUM 235 on 30 January
2023, which asked for a case management stay on the basis of, inter alia, the
existence of a valid arbitration agreement between the claimants and
Terraform. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Affidavit of Nikolaos Alexandros Platias (2 Feb 2023) (“NP-1”) at para 5(b).

On the same day, the solicitors representing Terraform, Kwon and Luna wrote to
the SAR seeking a further extension of time to file their jurisdictional
challenges by 27 February 2023, citing the complexity and length of the
claimants’ F&BPs (which had been issued on 12 January 2023) as the reason for
their request. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Letter from Dentons Rodyk to the Court (30 Jan 2023).

Following a number of letters from parties to the court on 30 January 2023 and
the days after, the court granted, on 7 February 2023, a further extension of
time for the filing of the defendants’ jurisdictional challenges, pending
directions from the court at the next case conference scheduled for 8 February
2023 (“the 8 Feb Case Conference”). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Registrar’s Notice (7 Feb 2023).

26 On 6 February 2023, instead of filing their application to challenge the
court’s jurisdiction, Terraform, Kwon and Luna filed a “Request for Permission
to File Application” to the Registrar of the Supreme Court (“the Request
Application”), which sought the court’s leave to file an “omnibus application”
seeking a number of reliefs, including F&BPs, the production of the claimants’
representative action agreements (“RAAs”), and the striking out and/or stay of
the Suit on various grounds. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

4th Affidavit of Julian Moreno Beltran (26 May 2023) (“JM-4”) at pp 241–243.

27 Later the same day, Terraform, Kwon and Luna filed a summons seeking, inter
alia, F&BPs, the production of the RAAs, and the stay or striking out of the
Suit on various grounds (“the SAPT Summons”). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

JM-4 at pp 237–239.

The SAPT Summons is the “omnibus” application that Terraform sought to make in
its Request Application. I deal with the Request Application and SAPT Summons
in detail below at [79]–[116].

28 At the 8 Feb Case Conference, the learned SAR indicated that the Registry
would reject the Request Application and SAPT Summons, and granted a further
extension of time, until the date of the next case conference or as given in
further directions of the court (whichever later), for Terraform, Kwon and
Luna to file their jurisdictional challenges. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Minute Sheet (Case Conference) (8 Feb 2023).

29 On 1 March 2023, Terraform, Kwon and Luna filed SUM 1427 for a stay of the
Suit. On 11 May 2023, SUM 1427 was amended to clarify that Terraform was
seeking a stay in favour of arbitration whereas Kwon and Luna were seeking
“case management” stays on the basis that the claims in the Suit against Kwon
and Luna were closely related and/or ancillary to the claims against
Terraform.

The AR’s decision

30 The AR dismissed Terraform’s application for a stay on the ground that it
failed to make out a prima facie case that a valid arbitration agreement
existed between it and the claimants. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript (10 Aug 2023) at pp 2–20 (“AR Decision”), paras 25–26.

31 The AR held that the question was whether the Arbitration Clauses had been
validly incorporated into the contracts formed between Terraform, on the one
hand, and the claimants who visited the Websites on the other, so as to form a
valid arbitration agreement between them. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AR Decision at paras 11–16.

This would be the case if a user of the Websites would have actual or
constructive notice of the Arbitration Clauses, which in turn depended on
whether the Websites provided such user with a legitimate opportunity to learn
that his or her use was subject to the Terms of Use/Service.

32 In that regard, the AR found that:

(a) the relevant hyperlink for the Terra Terms of Use was “tucked away at the
bottom of the website such that it lacked prominence”, and a reasonably
prudent user would not have had notice thereof, owing to the “relative
obscurity” of that hyperlink; 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AR Decision at para 22.

(b) similarly, the Anchor Terms of Service could not be found on the Anchor
Website’s homepage, and could only be found on the “dashboard” of the Anchor
Website (“the Dashboard”), which was a separate tab within the Website; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AR Decision at para 22.

(c) further, it did not matter that users of the Websites may arguably have
been sophisticated users looking for information on the Terra Ecosystem, as
opposed to simple e-commerce customers looking to buy everyday items. In
contrast to the argument that users of the Websites should have expected there
to be terms and conditions, a countervailing argument could be made that given
the nature of the product promoted by the Websites, the Terms of Use/Service
should have been prominently displayed to users; 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AR Decision at para 23.

and

(d) ultimately, arbitration clauses must be expressly brought to the attention
of the other contracting party. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AR Decision at para 24.

In the circumstances, the facts did not show that a reasonably prudent user
would have actual or constructive notice of the Terms of Use/Service. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AR Decision at para 21.

Hence, the Arbitration Clauses were not properly and adequately incorporated
and there was no prima facie valid arbitration agreement between the claimants
and Terraform. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AR Decision at paras 25–26.

33 In the alternative, the learned AR held that even if a valid arbitration
agreement could be shown to exist prima facie, Terraform had taken multiple
steps in the proceedings and so had submitted to the jurisdiction of the
court. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AR Decision at para 35.

34 Finally, she dismissed the “case management stays” of the other defendants
as they were premised on Terraform obtaining a stay in favour of arbitration.
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AR Decision at para 36.

Issues to be determined

35 The issues on appeal were:

(a) whether Terraform had taken a step in the proceedings within the meaning
of s 6(1) of the IAA; and

(b) whether Terraform demonstrated a prima facie case of the existence of
valid arbitration agreements between it and the claimants?

The first issue: did Terraform take a step in the proceedings?

The applicable law

The law on a “step in the proceedings”

36 Under s 6(1) of the IAA, any party to an arbitration agreement “may, at any
time after filing and serving a notice of intention to contest or not contest
and before delivering any pleading (other than a pleading asserting that the
court does not have jurisdiction in the proceedings) or taking any other step
in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as the
proceedings relate to that matter” [emphasis added].

37 What constitutes a “step in the proceedings” has been considered in several
authorities. The starting and basic point is that an act which indicates an
intention that the court proceedings should proceed instead of arbitration is
a “step in the proceedings”: Carona Holdings Pte Ltd and others v Go Go
Delicacy Pte Ltd [2008] 4 SLR(R) 460 (“Carona Holdings”) at [47] and [50],
citing Austin and Whiteley Limited v S Bowley and Son (1913) 108 LT 921 at 921
and Eagle Star Insurance Co Ltd v Yuval Insurance Co Ltd [1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep
357 at 361 respectively.

38 Such intention may be shown where the acts of the defendant, or his
solicitors, is objectively inconsistent with the making and maintaining of a
challenge to the court’s jurisdiction: Carona Holdings at [60], citing Global
Multimedia International Ltd v Ara Media Services [2007] 1 All ER (Comm) 1160
at [27]. In other words, an act will be taken to be a “step in the
proceedings” where it cannot be explained, except on the assumption that the
defendant accepts that the court should be given jurisdiction, or that any
objection to the court’s jurisdiction has been waived or has never been
entertained: Reputation Administration Service Pte Ltd v Spamhaus Technology
Ltd [2021] 2 SLR 342 (“Reputation Administration”) at [20], citing Shanghai
Turbo Enterprises Ltd v Liu Ming [2019] 1 SLR 779 (“Shanghai Turbo”) at [44]
and Zoom Communications Ltd v Broadcast Solutions Pte Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 500
(“Zoom Communications”) at [43].

39 Thus, an act which goes toward the advancement of a jurisdictional
challenge will not constitute a “step in the proceedings”. For example, a
request for F&BPs or production of documents for the purpose of deciding
whether to bring a jurisdictional challenge will not be a “step”: Carona
Holdings at [91], citing Fathers of Confederation Buildings Trust v Pigott
Construction Co Ltd (1974) 44 DLR (3d) 265; Reputation Administration at [31].
However, in so far as the requested particulars or documents go beyond that
purpose, and indicate that the defendant intends to defend the court
proceedings, such request would be considered a “step in the proceedings”: see
Carona Holdings at [87], citing The Dufferin Paving Co Ltd v The George A
Fuller Co of Canada Ltd [1935] OR 21 (“Dufferin”) at 24.

40 Certain acts may appear to engage the court’s powers, but are nevertheless
not inconsistent with a jurisdictional challenge. For example, an act which
merely parries a blow by the plaintiff does not constitute a “step in the
proceedings” (see Carona Holdings at [49], citing Roussel-Uclaf v G D Searle &
Co Ltd and G D Searle & Co [1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 225 at 231) – this
consideration is particularly important in the context of a defendant
resisting an injunction. Such an act is not inconsistent with a jurisdictional
challenge as it is meant to safeguard the defendant’s position pending the
determination of the jurisdictional challenge.

41 Similarly, an application relating to the propriety of the proceedings in
limine, or at the threshold, may appear to engage the court’s powers but is
not in fact inconsistent with a jurisdictional challenge. For example, in
Maniach Pte Ltd v L Capital Jones Ltd and another [2016] 3 SLR 801
(“Maniach”), the court held that a striking-out application – which was filed
on the basis that the claimant had failed to obtain leave under the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) before commencing proceedings against a company
which was the subject of a judicial management application – was not a “step
in the proceedings” (Maniach at [81]). This decision may be explained on the
basis that the issue of leave had to be resolved before the question of a stay
could be addressed. Without leave to commence the proceedings, the company
could not rightfully be before the court.

42 I note that in Maniach, the court found (at [81]) that “the Company’s
prayer to strike out these proceedings on grounds of a procedural defect
cannot amount to a step … [m]aking that application did not put in play the
merits of [the] claim” [emphasis added]. The court held further (at [93]) that
the striking‑out application “did not cross the line which separates a
procedural act which is not a step in the proceedings from one which is”
[emphasis added].

43 I do not understand these passages as suggesting that the key distinction
for the purpose of identifying a “step” is whether an act is procedural rather
than one which addresses the merits of the claim. In some situations, it may
be a useful guide – an act which engages the merits of the action surely
constitutes a “step in the proceedings”. However, it is not always the case
that a procedural act will not count as a “step in the proceedings”. Some
“procedural” acts indicate that the defendant intends to engage and advance
the court proceedings – for example, an application for security for costs
(Carona Holdings at [73] and [83]); requiring disclosure of documents (Carona
Holdings at [55], citing Parker, Gaines & Co, Limited v Turpin [1918] 1 KB
358); or attending a summons for directions (Carona Holdings at [55], citing
The County Theatres and Hotels, Limited v Knowles [1902] 1 KB 480 and
Richardson v Le Maitre [1903] 2 Ch 222).

44 Thus, a truer compass may be found in the statement in Carona Holdings (at
[55]) that a “step in the proceedings” will be deemed to have been taken if
the defendant “employs court procedures to enable him to defeat or defend
[the] proceedings on their merits” [emphasis in original retained; emphasis
added]. The focus is not on whether the act itself goes toward the merits of
the action, but whether it enables, or advances, a future engagement of the
merits of the action.

45 Consistent with the above principles, an equivocal act will not be
considered a “step in the proceedings”: Carona Holdings at [60]. This refers
to an act which may be consistent with either acceptance of the court’s
jurisdiction or the maintenance of a jurisdictional challenge. Having said
that, although a party may assert that its actions were intended to support
its jurisdictional challenge, the court must look beyond such claims and
examine the substance of the action. Parties should not be allowed to
equivocate or hedge their actions – they should be decisive in whether they
are insisting on arbitration in preference to litigation, and disingenuous
reservations will be disregarded: Carona Holdings at [93].

46 Overall, the court’s assessment of whether an act constitutes a “step in
the proceedings” should be conducted in a practical and commonsensical way
which considers the circumstances surrounding the defendant’s act: Carona
Holdings at [52].

A “step in the proceedings” under the ROC 2021

47 All the authorities cited above were decided before the enactment of the
ROC 2021. The ROC 2021 introduces a new regime on the filing of defences on
jurisdiction. For clarity, the applicable legal principles relating to a “step
in the proceedings” remain the same, but the application of these principles
to the new statutory context under the ROC 2021 may produce different results.

(1) The ROC 2021 regime on the filing of defences on jurisdiction

48 Prior to the ROC 2021, a defendant seeking to challenge the jurisdiction of
the court had no option to file a defence objecting to jurisdiction alone (as
opposed to a defence on the merits). The effect was to place a defendant in a
difficult position: a failure to file a defence within the stipulated deadline
exposed him to the risk of judgment in default being entered: see Australian
Timber Products Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor
(Pte) Ltd [2005] 1 SLR(R) 168 (“Australian Timber”) at [16]. The onus was
therefore on the defendant to be proactive by applying for a stay quickly and
seeking an extension of time to file the defence, an urgent hearing of the
stay application (Australian Timber at [16]), or a subsidiary stay of the
proceedings (including the running of the timeline to file and serve the
defence) until the main stay application could be disposed of (Carona Holdings
at [38]). Such applications would invariably be allowed and were therefore a
waste of costs and the court’s resources.

49 Further delays and costs would be incurred when a defendant failed to file
a defence or a stay application on a timely basis, and then sought to oppose
the entering of judgment in default or applied to set aside the judgment in
default.

50 The ROC 2021 addresses these issues by allowing a defendant to file a
defence contesting jurisdiction only (“a Defence (Jurisdiction)”): see O 2 r
5(2) and O 6 r 7(4). With that filing, no judgment in default of a defence can
be entered: O 6 r 7(7). Further, filing a Defence (Jurisdiction) is expressly
provided to not amount to a submission to the court’s jurisdiction: see O 2 r
5(4) and O 6 r 7(6). Section 6(1) of the IAA was also amended to state that
delivering “a pleading asserting that the court does not have jurisdiction in
the proceedings” will not preclude parties to an arbitration agreement from
applying to stay the court proceedings.

51 It is therefore clear that a defendant seeking to challenge the
jurisdiction of the court on the basis that the dispute should be arbitrated
only needs to file a Defence (Jurisdiction): see also Civil Justice
Commission, Civil Justice Commission Report (29 December 2017) (Chairperson:
Justice Tay Yong Kwang) (“Civil Justice Commission Report”) at p 14, which
states that for a defendant “challenging the jurisdiction of the Court … [O 6
r 7] requires the defendant to file and serve a bare defence, stating the
ground of challenge on jurisdiction” [emphasis added]. Building on this, the
ROC 2021 was designed to ensure that jurisdictional challenges are dealt with
expeditiously, with a view to prevent delays, ensure the efficient use of
court resources and save costs. This is in line with the Ideals set out in O 3
of the ROC 2021. The procedure for dealing with a jurisdictional challenge is
as follows:

(a) first, a defendant who is served must file and serve a defence to the
originating claim after the SOC is served on it: see O 6 r 7(1). The defence
must be in Form 13: see O 6 r 7(3). Form 13 sets out a menu of options for the
defendant depending on the nature of the challenge it intends to bring;

(b) second, the court is required to fix a case conference after the filing of
an originating claim or an originating application: see O 2 r 6(1);

(c) third, at the case conference, if a Defence (Jurisdiction) has been filed,
the court must first deal with the objection to its jurisdiction: see O 9 r
7(1). In that regard, short timelines are imposed with respect to the
challenge: the court must direct the defendant to file and serve the necessary
application for the jurisdictional challenge with the supporting affidavit
within 14 days after the date of the case conference, direct the claimant to
file and serve any affidavit in reply within 14 days thereafter, and (unless
the court otherwise orders) fix the hearing of the application on a date no
later than 14 days after all affidavits have been filed and served: see O 9 r
7(2) and O 2 r 6(7). The words in italics emphasise the intention for
jurisdictional challenges to be dealt with and disposed of quickly; and

(d) where the jurisdictional challenge fails, the court will give directions
to file a defence contesting the merits of the claim (“a Defence (Merits)”):
see O 2 r 7(1). As such, the defendant will have the opportunity to deal with
the merits of the claimants’ pleaded case and bring any counterclaim it
intends to institute, after its jurisdictional objection has been dealt with.

52 Referring to step (a) of this procedure, the plain wording of O 6 r 7(4)
draws a clear distinction between a Defence (Jurisdiction) and a Defence
(Merits). Order 6 r 7(4) states:

(4) If the defendant is challenging the jurisdiction of the Court on the
ground that the parties have agreed to refer their dispute to arbitration or
on any other ground, the defendant need not file and serve a defence on the
merits but must file and serve a defence stating the ground on which the
defendant is challenging the jurisdiction of the Court.

53 This is reinforced by O 6 r 7(6), which states that “[a] defence filed
under [O 6 r 7(4)] is not treated as a submission to jurisdiction”. This can
only be a reference to a Defence (Jurisdiction).

54 Terraform argued that the phrase “need not” in O 6 r 7(4) is permissive, in
that a defendant can choose to file a Defence (Merits) together with a Defence
(Jurisdiction). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 50 lines 22–23.

I do not accept that argument. The phrase “need not” must be understood in the
context of the whole of O 6 r 7. Order 6 rr 7(1) and 7(2) provide that a
defendant “must” file and serve a defence after the statement of claim is
served on it. In the circumstances, the phrase “need not” in O 6 r 7(4) simply
clarifies that a defendant challenging jurisdiction only needs to file a
Defence (Jurisdiction) and not a Defence (Merits) – it does not give an option
to do both.

55 Terraform’s argument also ignores the issues with the predecessor to the
ROC 2021 highlighted at [48]–[49] above and undermines what O 6 r 7(4) was
plainly intended to do. It should also be interpreted and understood in the
context of O 3, which I elaborate on at [63] below.

56 Order 6 r 7(3) provides that the defence must be in Form 13. Terraform
argued that Form 13 required the defendants to plead a “paragraph-by-paragraph
response to the [SOC]” and that it was only complying with what Form 13
mandates. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

1st Defendant’s Written Submissions (“1DWS”) at para 64.

I do not accept that argument. Form 13 is only a basic template, intended to
serve as a guide on how a defence and counterclaim should be structured and
what it should or should not contain. This is evident by the use of square
brackets (“[ ]”) in Form 13, which requires a defendant to make modifications
as necessary – it is simply a “menu”. Form 13 must be understood in light of O
6 r 7 as explained above.

57 Terraform argued that O 3 r 2(4) of the ROC 2021 puts a party at risk of
having its pleadings rejected by the court if they are not prepared in
accordance with the applicable rules or practice directions. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

1st Defendant’s Further Arguments (“DFA”) at para 14.

But that is not a legitimate concern as O 3 r 6(1) expressly provides that the
“[f]orms as set out in the practice directions must be used with such
variations as the circumstances require” [emphasis added]. More importantly, a
Defence (Jurisdiction) complies with O 6 r 7 and Form 13 and will not be
rejected.

58 Indeed, at the hearing before the AR, counsel for Terraform conceded that
Terraform “may have been wrong” in filing a paragraph-by-paragraph response
pursuant to Form 13. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript (28 Jun 2023) at p 28 line 22.

In so far as Terraform had made an error in its interpretation of ROC 2021 and
Form 13, that does not assist it. The “transitional learning phase” for the
ROC 2021, during which the courts would be generally more sympathetic when
dealing with non-compliance occasioned by lack of familiarity with the ROC
2021, ended on 30 June 2022: see Newspaper Seng Logistics Pte Ltd v Chiap Seng
Productions Pte Ltd [2023] SGHC(A) 5 at [11]. Further, as elaborated above at
[51], not only is it clear that a Defence (Jurisdiction) need not be filed
with a Defence (Merits), it is also expressly provided that a Defence (Merits)
may be filed after the jurisdictional challenge is dealt with: see O 2 r 7(1).
There is therefore no ambiguity nor jeopardy for defendants. Platias correctly
filed only a Defence (Jurisdiction) (see above at [21]) – there is no reason
Terraform could not have similarly done so. In any event, whether Terraform or
its solicitors may have misunderstood ROC 2021 is irrelevant as the court must
assess whether a party had taken a “step in the proceedings” on an objective
basis: Carona Holdings at [60].

(2) Reservations

59 The authorities decided pre-ROC 2021 make clear that a reservation is a
relevant factor which should be taken into consideration in assessing whether
a step taken by a party can be objectively construed as a “step in the
proceedings”. Thus, it was held in Australian Timber (at [22], citing Chong
Long Hak Kee Construction Trading Co v IEC Global Pte Ltd [2003] 4 SLR(R) 499
(“Chong Long”) at [13]) that “an act, which would otherwise be regarded as a
step in the proceedings, will not be treated as such if the applicant has
specifically stated that he intends to seek a stay or expressly reserves his
right to do so”.

60 However, even in the pre-ROC 2021 context, the making of a reservation was
not by itself determinative of the question of whether an act constituted a
step in the proceedings. The court still had to consider whether such
reservation was disingenuous (Carona Holdings at [93]), and whether
notwithstanding the reservation, a party’s conduct clearly and unequivocally
signified a submission to jurisdiction (Shanghai Turbo at [38]). The court in
Shanghai Turbo (at [36]) was careful to note that the remarks in Australian
Timber “did not lay down any blanket rule that no conduct would ever amount to
a submission to jurisdiction if it was accompanied by a reservation of that
party’s right to challenge jurisdiction” [emphasis in original].

61 Importantly, Australian Timber and Chong Long were decided in the pre-ROC
2021 context. As noted above at [48], there was no option pre‑ROC 2021 to file
a Defence (Jurisdiction). In that context, the filing of a Defence (Merits)
within the stipulated deadline, coupled with an express reservation, could be
fairly construed as a neutral step performed to protect the defendant’s
position by preventing the entering of judgment in default. Such an act
preserved the status quo, similar to an application for an extension of time
to file a defence to avoid judgment in default being entered (Carona Holdings
at [100]–[101]), and could be construed as a pre-emptive act of self‑defence,
done in the interest of “parrying a blow from the plaintiff”: see
International SOS Pte Ltd v Overton Mark Harold George [2001] 2 SLR(R) 777 at
[6] and Shanghai Turbo at [41]).

62 However, under the ROC 2021, there is little, if any, reason for a
defendant challenging jurisdiction to file a Defence (Merits) with a
reservation. Indeed, as seen above at [51], the ROC 2021 expressly mandates
that the jurisdictional challenge be (quickly) disposed of first before the
merits of the action are dealt with, if necessary.

63 There are also good reasons why defendants should not file a Defence
(Merits) coupled with a reservation. First, this practice increases costs.
Terraform pointed out that under the ROC 2021, the claimants do not have to
file a Reply, and they did not do so here. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DFA at para 12.

That misses the point. The defendant will incur time and costs in preparing
and filing the Defence (Merits) and the claimant and other parties will incur
time and costs in having to review and consider that defence. Further, where a
counterclaim is filed (as in this case), the claimant is compelled to file a
defence: see O 6 rr 9(1) and 9(3). All these would be wasted if the
jurisdictional challenge ultimately succeeds. This would be contrary to the
Ideals in O 3 r 1 of the ROC 2021, especially those of achieving expeditious
proceedings (O 3 r 1(2)(b)) and cost-effective work (O 3 r 1(2)(c)). Second,
parties may use the Defence (Merits) as a backdoor to introduce facts relating
to the merits of the action in their application for a stay or to muddy the
waters on what is relevant to that application. This should not be allowed.
Third, allowing the use of reservations encourages “gaming” – parties may take
steps relevant to, or to enquire into, the merits of the claim and later rely
on those reservations to claim that their conduct was not “unequivocal”. As
will be seen below, that is precisely what Terraform did.

64 Thus, in relation to pleadings under the ROC 2021, reservations are no
longer relevant or necessary. A party should simply file a Defence
(Jurisdiction) without more. As for other contexts, eg, in affidavits, a
reservation may be useful where an act is equivocal – ie, statements contained
therein may be equivocal, and the defendant may include a reservation to make
his position clear. However, it bears emphasising that a reservation is not a
panacea – it will not save an act that is inconsistent with the bringing of a
jurisdictional challenge from being a “step in the proceedings”.

65 Overall, under the ROC 2021 regime, defendants should focus their energies
on the jurisdictional challenge and only take out applications that are
necessary to advance it. Any other action inconsistent with the maintenance or
advancement of a jurisdictional challenge should be considered a “step in the
proceedings”. To hold otherwise would be to encourage the proliferation of
other applications which contributed to the situation pre-ROC 2021, and which
the ROC 2021 was introduced to solve: see Civil Justice Commission Report at p
14.

Terraform’s various acts

66 The claimants submitted that the following acts by Terraform amounted to
steps in the proceedings:

(a) first, Terraform filed a defence on the merits and a counterclaim; 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Claimants’ Written Submissions (“CWS”) at paras 54–56.

and

(b) second, Terraform filed the SAPT Summons seeking substantive remedies
relating to the merits of the action. These included (i) the request for F&BPs
(ii) the application for production of the RAAs; and (iii) the striking-out
application. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

CWS at paras 57–61.

Filing a defence on the merits and a counterclaim

67 Terraform’s defence contained not only its jurisdictional challenge but
also its defence on the merits of the Suit and a counterclaim for various
declarations, coupled with the Reservations (see [20] above). 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

CA-2 at para 44.

68 As discussed above, Terraform argued that it was obliged under O 6 r 7(3)
of the ROC 2021 to file its defence as a paragraph-by-paragraph response to
the claimants’ SOC, in accordance with Form 13, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

1DWS at para 64.

and that it was also obliged under O 6 r 7(7) to file a defence or risk entry
of judgment in default of defence. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

1DWS at para 61.

69 In respect of the counterclaim, Terraform similarly argued that it
“submitted this along with its Defence (Jurisdiction) because it believed by
reason of Order 6 Rule 8 of the ROC 2021 that it was obliged to submit any
counterclaim it may have along with its Defence in Form 13” [emphasis added].
59

##### Foot Note 59

×

1DWS at para 68.

70 Terraform argued further that the defence and counterclaim was not a “step
in the proceedings” as it was prefaced with the Reservations. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

CA-2 at para 44.

Terraform pointed out that in light of the Reservations, it could not be said
that it intended to ask the court to determine the dispute and to abandon its
right to arbitrate. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

1DWS at para 67.

71 For the reasons stated above at [48]–[58], Terraform’s filing of a Defence
(Merits) was a “step in the proceedings”. No such defence was required under
the ROC 2021 regime, and this act affirmed the correctness of the court
proceedings and demonstrated Terraform’s willingness to accede to the court’s
jurisdiction on the matter: see Australian Timbers at [19]. The Reservations
included in Terraform’s defence do not change this conclusion, as there is no
longer any reason to file a Defence (Merits) coupled with a reservation: see
above at [59]–[64]. Any alleged misunderstanding of the ROC 2021 regime on
Terraform’s part is irrelevant: see above at [58].

72 In its further arguments, Terraform argued that a statement that a defence
is filed “without prejudice to the application … to stay all proceedings in
Singapore” effectively preserved a party’s right to seek a stay. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DFA at para 20.

It relied on Capital Trust Investments Ltd v Radio Design TJ AB [2002] 2 All
ER 159, where the English Court of Appeal held (at [59]–[60]) that an
application for summary judgment was not a step because the applicant had made
it clear that the application was advanced only if its stay application was
unsuccessful. But this decision only undermines Terraform’s position as it was
a case where the defendant had filed an application dealing with the merits
only as a “fallback”. As discussed below at [108]–[115], that was not the case
here. In so far as Terraform is arguing that pleading a reservation is a
licence to make all manner of applications without prejudicing its
jurisdictional challenge, that is plainly misconceived.

73 In further arguments, Terraform argued that it was not certain of its
position on jurisdiction since there was a lack of information in the SOC on
the claimants and the alleged contracts formed with Terraform. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DFA at para 2.

Hence, when it filed its defence on 24 November 2022, it did so without the
benefit of information needed to confirm its position on jurisdiction (since
the claimants’ F&BPs were only served on 13 January 2023). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DFA at para 4.

At this stage, Terraform had yet to determine its ability to bring a
jurisdictional challenge, and considered that it might be unable to apply for
a stay even after receipt of the F&BPs. If that eventuality materialised, and
Terraform’s defence did not address the merits, it would have filed no proper
defence to the claimants’ claims and would be at risk of judgment in default
and/or face difficulty defending the claims in court. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DFA at para 14.

Hence, Terraform’s filing of the defence and counterclaim was a “neutral
procedural step” done merely to preserve the status quo and to protect its
interests in court pending the receipt of the F&BPs. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DFA at para 16.

74 These arguments are misconceived. First, it is for a defendant to decide if
it has a proper basis to challenge jurisdiction. It would be a rare case for
the defendant to be unable to do so based on the pleaded cause of action.
Second, even if a defendant requires better particulars or information from
the claimant to enable it to make that decision, there is no reason why it
cannot file a Defence (Jurisdiction) and seek leave or directions from the
court to make applications strictly confined to that issue: see Reputation
Administration at [31], where the court noted that a defendant faced with
uncertainty as to its jurisdictional challenge should take steps to resolve
such uncertainty, rather than filing a Defence (Merits). As will be seen
below, that is not what Terraform did. Third, if the defendant later
determines that there is no basis to challenge jurisdiction, there is nothing
to stop it from informing the court that it is not proceeding with the
challenge (or withdrawing it if already filed) and obtaining directions to
file a Defence (Merits). The risk of judgment in default as argued by
Terraform simply does not exist.

75 Even if I am wrong with respect to the defence, there is clearly no reason
for Terraform to have filed a Counterclaim. That is plainly an acceptance of
the court’s jurisdiction to decide on the merits of the dispute. In this
regard, I reiterate that parties should be decisive in whether they are
insisting on arbitration in preference to litigation, and disingenuous
reservations will be disregarded: Carona Holdings at [93]. In the
circumstances, the Reservations did not detract from Terraform’s contradictory
act in filing a Counterclaim.

76 Terraform relied on O 6 r 8(1), which states that “[i]f the defendant
intends to counterclaim against the claimant, the defendant must file and
serve the counterclaim with the defence”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

1DWS at para 68; DFA at para 15.

This cannot be read as an obligation on a defendant, seeking to challenge the
jurisdiction of the court, to file their intended counterclaim along with
their Defence (Jurisdiction). Such a construction would render O 6 r 7(4) and
O 2 r 5(2) (which introduce the Defence (Jurisdiction)) redundant. Form 13,
which Terraform relies on, also does not assist it as it only requires
Terraform to plead the jurisdictional basis on which it is asking the court to
try the counterclaim.

77 Terraform’s argument that it filed a Defence (Merits) and counterclaim
because it was unsure, as a result of the claimants’ (poorly) pleaded case, if
it could put forth a jurisdictional challenge, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DFA at paras 2–3.

is also not supported by the facts. Pertinently, this argument appears to have
only been raised in Terraform’s further arguments. It was not raised in
Terraform’s (initial) submissions before me or the AR. Neither did Terraform’s
defence and counterclaim include any statement to the effect that the
Reservations were on account of Terraform’s uncertainty over its
jurisdictional challenge. Rather, Terraform’s argument all along was that the
Defence (Merits) was filed because Terraform believed that O 6 r 7(4) of the
ROC 2021 allowed it to, and Form 13 obliged it to. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

1st Defendant’s Written Submissions before the AR (“1DWS-AR”) at para 64; 1DWS
at para 64; DFA at para 11.

Further, in an affidavit dated 28 February 2023 – well after Terraform’s
Defence and Counterclaim was filed – Mr Arrash Christopher Amani (“Mr Amani”),
Terraform’s Head of Operations and Community, emphasised that in the Pre‑Case
Conference Questionnaire submitted on or around 9 November 2022, Terraform
stated definitively that “[b]oth [Terraform’s] Terms of Use and the Anchor
website’s Terms of Service contain inter alia an obligation to refer disputes
to arbitration, as well as a prohibition against class or representative
proceedings. The [claimants] (and/or any members of their purported groups)
are therefore not entitled to bring or continue with representative
proceedings in the Singapore court in relation to their claims for alleged
misrepresentations found on [the Terra Ecosystem]” [emphasis added]. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

CA-2 at para 22.

In the same affidavit, Mr Amani noted that Terraform filed its defence on 24
November 2022, in which (a) they challenged the court’s jurisdiction on, inter
alia, the fact that the claimants were bound by an arbitration agreement; and
(b) a reservation was included. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

CA-2 at para 44.

Tellingly, Mr Amani did not express any uncertainty over the validity of this
jurisdictional challenge. Hence, Terraform’s (further) argument that it was
unsure of its position appears to be an afterthought. In any event, even if
Terraform was unsure, the answer was not to file a Defence (Merits) and a
Counterclaim, but to take steps to address its uncertainty (see [74] above).

78 Even if I am wrong in relation to Terraform’s conduct in filing its defence
on merits and counterclaim, the subsequent steps it took made plain that it
had taken steps in the proceedings.

Applying for permission to file the Request Application and SAPT Summons

79 As noted above at [26]–[27], Terraform, Kwon and Luna filed the Request
Application and the SAPT Summons, the latter of which sought various reliefs,
including (a) F&BPs, (b) production of documents, and (c) a stay or striking
out of the Suit. The claimants argued that these reliefs related to the merits
of the Suit and showed a willingness to accept the jurisdiction of the court.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

CWS at paras 57–58.

80 The fact that the Request Application (which enclosed the SAPT Summons) was
merely a request does not mean that it was not a “step in the proceedings”.
The Request Application was filed in the afternoon of 6 February 2023, and was
followed almost immediately by the filing of the SAPT Summons the same day,
before the Request Application itself even came up for consideration. On 8
February 2023, the SAR indicated that the Registry would reject both the
Request Application and the SAPT Summons, and the court later recorded both as
having been rejected. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

JM-4 at pp 240, 243.

81 The SAPT Summons was not a mere request – it was a proper application. As I
discuss below, it involved matters that were clearly unrelated to Terraform’s
jurisdictional challenge and would only have been necessary if Terraform
accepted that the court had jurisdiction. In the circumstances, the Request
Application could not be separated from the SAPT Summons and regarded as a
mere request.

82 In any event, it is doubtful that the characterisation of an application as
a request can save it from constituting a “step in the proceedings”. There is
no principled reason why a request cannot be viewed as an affirmation of the
correctness of the court proceedings, or an act which advances the hearing of
the matter in court, which would result in it being considered a “step in the
proceedings”: see Australian Timber at [19] and Carona Holdings at [93]. The
determination will depend on the specific facts and circumstances involving
the application.

83 Further, it does not matter that that the Request Application and the SAPT
Summons were rejected. As noted in L Capital Jones Ltd and another v Maniach
Pte Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 312 (“L Capital Jones”) at [83], even an application that
is withdrawn, or one which the party no longer wishes to proceed with, cannot
change the fact that a step has been taken in the proceedings. In the present
case, the Request Application and the SAPT Summons were rejected by the court;
it is therefore not the case that Terraform decided not to pursue the
applications contained within the SAPT Summons. Thus, there was an even
stronger argument here that the Request Application and the SAPT Summons
demonstrated a submission to the court’s jurisdiction.

(1) F&BPs

84 An application to the court for F&BPs may be considered a “step in the
proceedings”: see Carona Holdings at [101], referencing S P Chua Pte Ltd v Lee
Kim Tah (Pte) Ltd [1993] 1 SLR(R) 793 at [17]. However, an application for
F&BPs will not constitute a “step in the proceedings” if it was sought to
guide the defendant as to whether he should allow the action to proceed in
court, or apply for a stay of proceedings: Carona Holdings at [91]. Applying
these principles, a vital question was whether the F&BPs sought by Terraform
went beyond what was necessary to ascertain the applicability of the
Arbitration Clauses to the claims in the Suit.

85 In the SAPT Summons, Terraform applied for two sets of particulars of the
SOC – (a) in “Annex A”, F&BPs in response to some of the F&BP requests made by
Terraform, Kwon and Luna on 10 November 2022 (Terraform had complained that
the claimants omitted to respond to some of these requests in their F&BPs
response served on 13 January 2023); and (b) in “Annex B”, a new set of F&BPs
comprising seven instances of particulars of the SOC. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

JM-4 at pp 221, 223–236.

A number of these requests were clearly not relevant to the issue of
jurisdiction.

86 First, a considerable number of the Annex A requests were plainly not
relevant to Terraform’s jurisdictional challenge on the grounds of a prima
facie arbitration agreement. For example:

(a) para 5 of Annex A requested for the claimants to “state with proper
particularity the facts and circumstances by which it is alleged that the
contents of the [Terra Website] and the [Terra White Paper] … constituted an
intention on the part of [Terraform] to create legal relations with the
world”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

JM-4 at p 225.

This related to the issue of whether a contract was concluded between
Terraform and the claimants such that the claimants could claim for breach of
contract. This had nothing to do with whether the Arbitration Clauses applied
– Terraform argued that an arbitration agreement “may be in the form of a
separate agreement”; 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1DWS at para 29.

(b) similarly, para 24 of Annex A requested for the claimants to “state with
proper particularity the facts and circumstances by which it is said that
[Terraform] had an intention to create legal relations with [the claimants]”
[emphasis added]; 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

JM-4 at p 232.

(c) para 10 of Annex A requested for the claimants to “state with proper
particularity how Anchor is regarded in fact or in law to be subsidized by
[Terraform and Luna]”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

JM-4 at p 228.

This appeared relevant to the merits of the claimants’ claims under the tort
of deceit, and in particular, the pleading that the Anchor Representations
were false because “[i]n respect of the 5th Representation: Anchor was
artificially subsidized by [Terraform and Luna], and in fact had no actual way
to keep up the 20% APY [ie, Annualised Percentage Yields] in the long run”; 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

SOC at para 26(e).

(d) para 12 of Annex A requested for the claimants to state “[t]he precise
manner in which Basis Cash may be said to be analogous to UST” and to
particularise the “same reasons” why Basis Cash is said to have “failed for
the same reasons as” UST did. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

JM-4 at p 228.

This appeared relevant to the claimants’ claims under the tort of deceit
against Terraform and Kwon, on the basis of their pleaded case that Terraform
and Kwon “knew, or ought to have known, that the algorithm could not ensure
UST’s price peg given that an analogous algorithmic stablecoin scheme, ‘Basis
Cash’, was attempted by [Kwon] unsuccessfully. In fact, ‘Basis Cash’ had
failed for the same reasons as UST”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

SOC at para 27(a)(i).

This allegation pertained to both Terraform and Kwon, since the claimants’
pleaded case was that “[a]s [Kwon] was the director and therefore the
controlling mind of [Terraform], [his] knowledge can be attributed to
[Terraform]”; 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

SOC at para 27(a)(iii).

(e) para 26 of Annex A requested for the claimants to “state with proper
particularity which of the matters pleaded at paragraphs 12 to 25 [of the SOC]
are said to constitute the alleged conspiracy”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

JM-4 at p 232.

This request pertained to the claims of tortious conspiracy to injure and the
pleaded case of the claimants that “the [defendants] (or any two or more
together) wrongfully and with intent to injure the Claimants by unlawful
means, conspired and combined together to commit fraudulent misrepresentations
on the Claimants causing injury to the Claimants”; 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

SOC at para 54.

and

(f) similarly, para 27 of Annex A requested for the claimants to “state with
proper particularity which of the matters pleaded at paragraphs 12 to 27 [of
the SOC] are said to constitute the alleged conspiracy”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

JM-4 at pp 232–233.

This also pertained to the claims of tortious conspiracy to injure in the
Suit, and the claimants’ pleaded case that “the 1st to 3rd Defendants (or any
two or more together) wrongfully and with intent to injure the Claimants by
unlawful means, conspired and combined together to defraud the Claimants and
to conceal such fraud and the proceeds of such fraud from the Claimants”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

SOC at para 56.

87 These requests clearly did not concern Terraform’s jurisdictional
challenge. The requests in (a)–(b) related to the merits of the claim for
breach of a contract formed between Terraform and the claimants; the requests
in (c)–(d) related to the merits of the claim in deceit; and the requests in
(e)–(f) related to the merits of the claim in conspiracy. Such requests would
only be necessary on the assumption that Terraform accepted the court’s
jurisdiction and intended to engage it over the merits of the Suit.

88 Terraform argued, in relation to Annex A, that the court “should not take
an unnecessarily narrow view of what can and cannot be asked in [F&BPs] for a
jurisdictional challenge”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

1DWS at para 74.

They submitted that even if a request may not clearly relate to jurisdiction,
it may have relevance to the overall case which a party wishes to bring in its
jurisdictional challenge, or may be necessary for the party to determine if
the asserted claims fall within the scope of the arbitration agreement, or are
needed to tie the claimants’ hands to make sure that they do not change their
case once the jurisdictional challenge is brought. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

1DWS at para 74.

Terraform gave the example of its request for particulars as to whether the
claimants had deposited UST on Anchor (at paras 6(g) and 8(h) of Annex A) – it
argued that this request was “directly relevant to its jurisdictional
challenge, even if this may not have been immediately obvious at the outset”.
89

##### Foot Note 89

×

1DWS at para 74.

In this regard, Terraform in the Request Application stated that “the
responses … by the Claimants to [Terraform’s] requests for F&BP are relevant
to the grounds on which [Terraform] challenge[s] jurisdiction … and
[Terraform] consider[s] it to be more efficient and consistent with the Ideals
for the application for F&BP to be determined at the same time” [emphasis
added]. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

JM-4 at p 243.

89 However, save for making broad statements, Terraform did not explain how
the requests for particulars at [86] above were relevant to its jurisdictional
challenge. In so far as Terraform was attempting to argue that all of the
Annex A requests were relevant to the jurisdictional challenge, it had earlier
taken a contrary position: in the Request Application, under the header
“Essence of intended application”, Terraform declared that “[the defendants]
regard [the F&BP requests in Annex A] to be necessary in order that [the
defendants] be able to understand and be able to prepare their defence to the
Claimants’ claims” [emphasis added]. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

JM-4 at p 241.

This was similar to the situation in Dufferin (cited in Carona Holdings at
[86]–[87]), where the defendant in its demand for particulars stated that it
required them for the purpose of “drawing its statement of defence”. The court
in Dufferin therefore concluded (at 25) that the defendant required the
particulars not for the purpose of deciding whether to apply for a stay, but
to defend the court proceedings.

90 Terraform also argued that it had made the Annex A requests on behalf of
Kwon and Luna who were fully entitled to address the claimants’ claims in
court (since they did not claim to be party to an arbitration agreement with
the claimants). 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

1DWS-AR at paras 69–70; Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 97 line 30–p 98 line 2.

This argument was not made in any affidavit, but only in written submissions
before the AR and at the oral hearing before me. It was a non-starter. The
requests were made also on behalf of Terraform and there was no reason for it
to have joined in those requests if they were not intended for it. More
importantly, it was clear that Terraform would directly benefit from the
responses to the requests.

91 For the reasons noted above at [86]–[87], some of the Annex A particulars
were clearly sought for the purpose of enabling Terraform to respond to the
merits of the claimants’ pleaded case. The Annex A requests clearly went
beyond the scope of what was necessary for the purpose of the jurisdictional
challenge, and constituted a “step in the proceedings”.

92 In relation to Annex B, many of the F&BP requests centred on ascertaining
the amounts which the claimants paid for their UST, the number of UST they
purchased and sold, as well as the profit they made from their UST deposits on
the Anchor Protocol. The aim of such requests appeared to be to ascertain the
quantum for which Terraform may be liable to the claimants. For example: 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

JM-4 at pp 234–236.

(a) para 1(a) requested for the claimants to “state in precise numerical
terms” the amount paid for their UST, while para 1(d) requested for “the
prevailing exchange rate” applied for each purchase of UST;

(b) para 1(b) requested for the claimants to state “the precise number of UST
purchased in each tranche”, while para 5(a) requested for “the precise number
of UST sold in each tranche”; and

(c) para 5(a) also requested for the precise consideration received for each
UST sold and “the prevailing exchange rate” applied for each sale of UST,
while para 6, similar to paras 6(g) and 8(h) of Annex A, requested for “a full
account of the yield, earnings and/or profit received from such deposits on
Anchor”.

93 Similarly, para 23 of Annex A requested for the claimants to state
“precisely what ‘fiat currency or equivalent’ the [claimants] would have kept
the precise sum in”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

JM-4 at p 231.

This request was in relation to the claimants’ claim in the SOC that if they
had not purchased UST, they would likely have kept the purchase sum in “fiat
currency or equivalent”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

SOC at para 37.

It appeared only relevant to the quantum of damages Terraform might be liable
to the claimants.

94 Terraform’s act of requesting for particulars relating to the quantum of
damages was inconsistent with its jurisdictional challenge. There was no
reason why such information was needed unless Terraform intended to engage the
court’s jurisdiction to assess the quantum of damages. Thus, such act
constituted a “step in the proceedings”.

(2) Application for striking out

95 An application to strike out proceedings on the basis that it is
unmeritorious is an act that signifies a submission to the court’s
jurisdiction to resolve the dispute on the merits: L Capital Jones at [78].

96 In the SAPT Summons, Terraform sought to strike out and/or stay the Suit on
various bases: 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

JM-4 at p 238.

(a) that the claimants’ pleaded claims are lacking in material averments
and/or particulars and/or disclose no reasonable cause of action;

(b) that there is a lack of common interest or sufficient common interest
between the claimants such that the action does not generate judicial economy,
save costs, and/or it is otherwise inconsistent with the Ideals under O 3 r 1
of the ROC 2021 for the action to continue as representative proceedings, and
the claims of all claimants other than the Representative Claimants be struck
out or stayed;

(c) that the Representative Claimants are not in possession of and/or have not
been authorised to bring these representative proceedings by written consents
given by each of the other claimants;

(d) that some or all of the claimants are party to an arbitration agreement,
and the claims of all such claimants be stayed pursuant to s 6 of the IAA; and

(e) that it is appropriate to strike out or stay all or part of the claimants’
claims as a matter of case management and/or in order to achieve the Ideals of
the ROC 2021.

I deal with each of these bases in turn.

97 Basis (a) comprises two limbs – that the pleaded claims (i) are lacking in
material averments and/or particulars; and (ii) disclose no reasonable cause
of action. The first limb was clearly inconsistent with Terraform’s
jurisdictional challenge – it was an invitation for the court to exercise its
jurisdiction over the action by assessing whether the pleaded claims contained
sufficient particularity.

98 In so far as an argument could be made, in relation to the first limb of
basis (a), that a lack of particulars in the pleaded claims affected the
propriety of the Suit as a representative action, and hence this basis for
striking out went to the court’s jurisdiction over the Suit (and therefore was
not inconsistent with Terraform’s jurisdictional challenge) – that is
incorrect. To be clear, Terraform did not make this argument, but nevertheless
I address it as it has implications for bases (b) and (c) of the striking‑out
application.

99 In the first place, many of Terraform’s requests for F&BPs were not sought
for the purpose of ascertaining whether the Suit was rightly brought as a
representative action; for example, Terraform sought particulars relating to
quantum of damages as well as the elements of deceit and conspiracy (see [87]
and [94] above). In any case, and on a more fundamental level, a striking‑out
application on the basis that the Suit was not properly brought as a
representative action is inconsistent with a jurisdictional challenge. It is
not a preliminary or threshold issue like the “fundamental procedural defect”
in Maniach (at [84]) – even if the Suit was not properly brought as a
representative action, the Representative Claimants are still rightfully
before the court as far as their own claims are concerned. They will simply
not be able to represent the other claimants. More importantly, if Terraform
is contesting jurisdiction on the basis of the Arbitration Clauses, there is
no reason for it to ask the court to determine the propriety of the Suit as a
representative action. On the contrary, that expressly invites the court to
exercise jurisdiction over the Suit.

100 Hence, bases (b) and (c), which essentially challenged the propriety of
the Suit as a representative action, were inconsistent with the jurisdictional
challenge and therefore constituted a “step in the proceedings”. This was
particularly evident in the case of basis (b), where Terraform was asking the
court to strike out the action on the grounds of a lack of common interest
between the claimants. This entails asking the court to (a) examine the claims
of each claimant (or class of claimants); (b) compare the significance of the
common issues between the claimants with the significance of the issues which
differed as between them; and (c) consider whether it was expedient for the
court to determine all the claims in the Suit: see Koh Chong Chiah and others
v Treasure Resort Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 1204 (“Treasure Resort”) at [29], [60]
and [86]. Thus, asking the court to find a lack of common (or sufficiently
common) interest, such that the representative action should be discontinued,
was asking the court to assume jurisdiction over the Suit and was incompatible
with a desire to arbitrate.

101 In relation to the second limb of basis (a), ie, that no reasonable cause
of action was disclosed, this basis for striking out relates directly to the
merits or elements of the relevant cause(s) of action – it requires the court
to examine the allegations in the pleadings and determine if there is a cause
of action which has some chance of success: see Gabriel Peter & Partners
(suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [21]. Terraform did
not argue that no reasonable cause of action was disclosed because there was a
fundamental procedural defect with the bringing of the Suit (as opposed to a
deficiency on the merits). In any event, there was no such defect here – as
explained above at [99], the issue of the propriety of the Suit as a
representative action does not constitute such a defect. In the circumstances,
the application to strike out the Suit on the basis that there was no
reasonable cause of action could only have related to the merits of the claim.
It therefore constituted a “step in the proceedings”.

102 I observe that in any event, Terraform did not explicitly argue that the
striking-out application in the SAPT Summons related only to its
jurisdictional challenge. Rather, Terraform’s position on the whole was that
the applications in the SAPT Summons were “fallback” applications which its
intended jurisdictional challenge took precedence over. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

1DWS-AR at para 73; 1DWS at para 77; DFA at para 20.

I address this argument below at [108]–[115].

103 For completeness, bases (d) and (e) were not “steps in the proceedings”:
(d) was the basis of Terraform’s jurisdictional challenge and (e) appeared
related to (d) in that it was presumably asking for the Suit to be struck out
or stayed on case management grounds because all or some of the claimants may
be subject to an arbitration agreement.

(3) Application for production of documents

104 In the SAPT Summons, Terraform sought the production of all of the
claimants’ RAAs (Representative Action Agreements). 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

JM-4 at p 221.

This application was related to basis (c) of the striking‑out application –
the Request Application stated that the RAAs were pertinent to the question of
whether the Representative Claimants had complied with the requirement under O
4 r 6 of the ROC 2021 to have obtained written consents from all the
represented parties to represent them in the Suit. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

JM-4 at p 242.

Hence, Terraform sought production of the RAAs in order to “ascertain what is
the true nature/scope of the represented parties’ consent (if any) to this
action”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

JM-4 at p 242.

Terraform argued that this issue was particularly important given that it
appeared from the F&BPs provided by the claimants on 12 January 2023 that the
factual circumstances of many of the represented parties were inconsistent
with the claimants’ pleaded claims, and also disclosed considerable disparity
between the cases of these parties. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

JM-4 at p 242.

105 In its further arguments, Terraform raised the additional point that the
requirement for written consents “is a purely procedural requirement under O 4
r 6(3) of the ROC 2021”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

DFA at para 24.

Terraform argued that since the issue of compliance with court rules cannot be
referred to arbitration, seeking relief from the court in respect of this
requirement was not inconsistent with choosing to arbitrate, and could not be
considered a “step in the proceedings”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

DFA at para 24.

106 I consider that the application for production of the RAAs was a “step in
the proceedings”. As noted above at [99], the issue of the propriety of the
Suit as a representative action was not necessary to advance the application
to stay the Suit in favour of arbitration or preserve the right to do so.
Indeed, whether the Representative Claimants had obtained proper written
consents to bring the Suit on behalf of the claimants was irrelevant to
whether the claim should be arbitrated. There was no reason for Terraform to
seek the RAAs if it was bringing a jurisdictional challenge. The application
was therefore inconsistent with Terraform’s jurisdictional challenge and
constituted a “step in the proceedings”.

107 In any case, Terraform’s argument that the requirement for written
consents dealt with a purely procedural issue rather than one relating to
merits was only raised in further arguments. Prior to that, Terraform only
relied on the general argument that the applications in the SAPT Summons were
“fallback” applications in case the jurisdictional challenge failed. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

1DWS at para 75; 1DWS-AR at para 73.

(4) The reliefs sought in the Request Application and SAPT Summons were not
fall-back applications

108 I did not accept Terraform’s argument that the reliefs sought in the
Request Application and SAPT Summons were merely “fall-back” applications to
its jurisdictional challenge, and therefore did not amount to a “step in the
proceedings”. In this regard, Terraform relied on Zoom Communications at [45],
where the court held that the “making of a stay application on improper forum
grounds as a fall--back would not prejudice the primary application
challenging the existence of the Singapore courts’ jurisdiction”, where the
applications were intended to “fall to be considered in a cascading sequence,
and not together”.

109 This argument failed on the plain wording of the Request Application and
the SAPT Summons.

110 First, the SAPT Summons prayed for F&BP orders “pending determination of
the 1st, 2nd and 4th Defendants’ application to strike out or stay
proceedings” [emphasis added] and prayed for orders for the RAAs to be
produced “pending determination” of the same. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

JM-4 at p 221.

The clear intention was for these applications to be heard and disposed of
first, not as an alternative to the application for a stay in favour of
arbitration.

111 Second, as noted above at [96], the SAPT Summons prayed for a stay or
striking out of the Suit on several grounds. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

JM-4 at p 221.

These included, inter alia, the “stay in favour of arbitration”, alongside
other substantive grounds on the merits (eg, that no reasonable cause of
action had been disclosed). These varied grounds were being invoked either
conjunctively or disjunctively, as evidenced by the use of the words “and/or”
in the SAPT Summons. This was irreconcilable with the interpretation that the
“stay in favour of arbitration” was the primary ground for a stay, with the
other grounds being prayed for only in the alternative.

112 Third, in its Request Application, under the header “Date of filing of
intended application if permission is granted”, 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

JM-4 at p 242.

Terraform stated that it filed the SAPT Summons together with its “application
to challenge jurisdiction”, and explained that “[t]his was done in the
interests of achieving the Ideals as there is substantial overlap in the
factual and legal grounds of all the applications and [Terraform, Kwon and
Luna] believed that it would be more time and cost efficient for the court to
consider all matters on a comprehensive/holistic basis [emphasis added]”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

JM-4 at p 242.

Clearly, the aim was for all the applications in the SAPT Summons to be
considered together, and not in a “cascading sequence”.

113 This conclusion was further fortified by Terraform’s reasons in the
Request Application for why the SAPT Summons was necessary at that stage of
proceedings: 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

JM-4 at pp 242–243.

The applications are part of [Terraform, Kwon and Luna’s] omnibus application
for all or part of the Claimants’ claims to be struck out or stayed on one or
more of several grounds, including jurisdiction and the propriety of the
matter being continued in representative form. If disclosure of the RAAs
discloses a lack of true consent between the represented parties and the
Representative Claimants or any other failure to comply with the relevant
rules, all or part of the proceedings should be struck out or stayed. This
should be determined as a preliminary issue before the matter is allowed to
proceed any further and parties start to incur costs towards preparations for
a trial. … [emphasis added]

114 It was therefore clear that the application for a stay in favour of
arbitration was not intended to be the primary application, with the other
grounds a “fall-back” or alternative remedy. Moreover, Terraform wanted the
matter of the production of RAAs to be “determined as a preliminary issue
before the matter is allowed to proceed any further”, 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

JM-4 at p 243.

making it clear that it was not intended to be a “fall-back” application.

115 Finally, in response to my query as to why Terraform did not simply file a
jurisdictional challenge on 6 February 2023 as directed by the SAR, counsel
for Terraform explained that it was a “strategic decision”, because they
“thought it might be efficient for everything to go before the Court and have
it dealt with by way of an omnibus application, hearing all the applications
in turn”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 60 line 24–p 61 line 3.

The first part of this reply was revealing – it betrayed the fact that the
prayers sought were meant to go before the court together for the sake of
(alleged) efficiency, as opposed to being “fallback” applications. As to the
second part of the reply – that the applications were meant to be heard “in
turn” – that did not make clear the order in which the applications were meant
to be heard, and importantly, as just noted, the Request Application and the
SAPT Summons made clear that the applications were meant to be heard together,
not “in turn” or in a “cascading” manner.

116 The question remains why Terraform did not simply file its jurisdictional
challenge by 30 January 2023 as directed by the SAR, like Platias did (see
[21] above). 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Registrar’s Notice to Parties (27 Dec 2022).

In further arguments, Terraform argued that “[o]nce [it] received the [F&BPs]
and became aware of its right to arbitrate, it duly applied for a mandatory
arbitration stay. It should not matter that it did so under an omnibus
application/SAPT instead of a standalone Section 6 (1) IAA application”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

DFA at para 5.

This is misconceived for several reasons. First, as explained above at [91]
and [94], Terraform’s application for F&BPs went beyond what was relevant for
the jurisdictional challenge. Second, on Terraform’s own argument, it could
have filed a standalone stay application, as it did on 6 March 2023, without
asking for the other prayers. This completely undermines its position. Third,
based on the structure of the ROC 2021, a Single Application Pending Trial
(“SAPT”) is only relevant and invoked after the jurisdictional challenge is
heard and dismissed: see O 9 r 8 read with O 9 r 9 of the ROC 2021, which
makes clear that a SAPT may only be made after any jurisdictional challenge
has been dealt with. Terraform was effectively re-writing the ROC 2021 to suit
its purposes. Fourthly, although Terraform urges that its “omnibus” approach
was intended to save time and costs and deal with the matter in a manner
consistent with the Ideals, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

1DWS at para 77.

it is evident that it was engaged in the complete opposite. It could, and
should, have filed the standalone stay application as soon as possible, and
not until its “strategic decision” had been rebuffed.

Conclusion on the first issue

117 I was of the view that Terraform had taken a “step in the proceedings”. In
this regard, I note that the court in assessing whether an act constitutes a
“step in the proceedings” should consider the entirety of the circumstances
surrounding the defendant’s acts in a practical and commonsensical way: Carona
Holdings at [52]. As indicated above at [71] and [75], I considered
Terraform’s filing of the defence on the merits and the counterclaim to be a
“step in the proceedings”. This was confirmed or reinforced by its subsequent
conduct in filing the Request Applications and the SAPT Summons, and the
various reliefs sought therein. These plainly demonstrate that Terraform had
employed court procedures to enable it to defeat or defend the Suit on the
merits (L Capital Jones Ltd at [77]); affirmed the correctness of the court
proceedings and its willingness to go along with the court’s determination
(Australian Timbers at [19]); and waived its right to object to the court’s
jurisdiction (Zoom Communications at [43]).

118 Terraform’s multiple reservations did not alter this conclusion – they
were simply at odds with the way the applications sought to advance the court
proceedings and demonstrated approbation and reprobation on the part of the
defendant which should not be countenanced: Shanghai Turbo at [36], citing
Carona Holdings at [101].

119 My findings dispose of Terraform’s appeal, and consequently, the other
defendants’ applications for case management stays. I shall nonetheless deal
with the second issue as it was the primary basis on which the AR decided the
applications.

The second issue: did Terraform show a prima facie case for the existence of a
valid arbitration agreement?

The applicable law

120 It is settled law that a court hearing an application for a stay of
proceedings in favour of arbitration should grant such stay if the applicant
is able to establish a prima facie case that:

(a) there is a valid arbitration agreement between the parties to the court
proceedings;

(b) the dispute in the court proceedings (or any part thereof) falls within
the scope of the arbitration agreement; and

(c) the arbitration agreement is not null and void, inoperative or incapable
of being performed.

(Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and another v Silica Investors Ltd and other appeals
[2016] 1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”) at [63])

121 The court will only refuse to grant a stay where it is clear on the
evidence that one or more of the requirements have not been satisfied:
Tomolugen at [64]. The goal of the prima facie standard of review is to
provide confidence that “the court will stay the proceedings in favour of
arbitration except in cases where the arbitration clause is clearly invalid or
inapplicable” [emphasis in original]: Tomolugen at [68]. Other cases have
similarly emphasised that it is only in the clearest of cases that the court
ought to find an arbitration agreement invalid or inapplicable: Tjong Very
Sumito and others v Antig Investments Pte Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 (“Tjong Very
Sumito”) at [24]; Malini Ventura v Knight Capital Pte Ltd and others [2015] 5
SLR 707 (“Malini Ventura”) at [36]. Thus, the prima facie standard in
Tomolugen is a low and unexacting threshold.

122 Pertinently, the same prima facie test is to be applied for all
jurisdictional issues, be it the existence or application of an agreement to
arbitrate the dispute that is before the court (see Tomolugen at [63] and Art
16(1) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration 1985
(“the Model Law”).

123 The principle underlying the prima facie approach is that of
kompetenz‑kompetenz – ie, the jurisdiction of an arbitral tribunal is a matter
reserved for the determination of the tribunal itself: see Tomolugen at
[65]–[68]. This is a cardinal principle in the international arbitration
regime (see Art 16(1) of the Model Law). As explained in the Explanatory Note
on the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration 1985 with
amendments as adopted in 2006, UN Sales No E.08.V.4 (2008) (“the Explanatory
Note”) at para 25, “‘Kompetenz–Kompetenz’ means that the arbitral tribunal may
independently rule on the question of whether it has jurisdiction, including
any objections with respect to the existence or validity of the arbitration
agreement, without having to resort to a court” [emphasis added]. Although the
2006 amendments to the Model Law have not been adopted in Singapore, Art 16(1)
was left untouched by those amendments, and thus the comments in the
Explanatory Note remain relevant in our context.

The present dispute

124 The second and third requirements in Tomolugen were not in issue – the
claimants accepted that they were satisfied. The only point of dispute was the
first requirement – ie, whether there was a valid arbitration agreement
between the claimants and Terraform. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

CWS at para 38(a).

125 The claimants gave two reasons why a prima facie case of a valid
arbitration agreement had not been shown by Terraform:

(a) first, there was no undisputed evidence of an agreement to arbitrate; 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

CWS at paras 41–44.

and

(b) second, the Terraform Terms of Use and the Anchor Terms of Service were
not incorporated into the contracts between the claimants and Terraform, as
users of the Terra and Anchor Websites would not have had notice of the Terms
of Use/Terms of Service which contained the Arbitration Clauses. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

CWS at paras 45–50.

126 As noted above at [30]–[32], the AR found that Terraform failed to show on
a prima facie basis that there was a valid arbitration agreement between it
and the claimants. She reasoned that the Arbitration Clauses had not been
validly incorporated into the alleged contracts between Terraform and the
claimants as a reasonable user of the websites would not have been put on
notice of either the Terra Terms of Use or the Anchor Terms of Service, which
contained the Arbitration Clauses.

127 At the hearing before me, the claimants showed images of the state of the
Terra Website as at December 2020 and December 2021.

128 With respect to the December 2021 image, the claimants showed that the
hyperlink for the Terra Terms of Use was “buried” at the bottom of the
webpage, and was relatively obscure and/or lacked prominence as compared to
the other materials and hyperlinks (promotional material for the Terra
Ecosystem) on that webpage. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 17 lines 9–20.

The claimants submitted that the court had to approach the inquiry from the
perspective of the “user experience”, and suggested that the other features on
the webpage, including the link to the Terra White Paper at the top of the
webpage, information regarding the Terra Ecosystem, and the other promotional
banners and images thereon, were much more attention--grabbing than the
hyperlink for the Terra Terms of Use. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 17 lines 9–20; p 23 lines 11–20.

129 As for the Anchor Terms of Service, Terraform submitted that some of the
claimants, including Gan, concluded an arbitration agreement with Terraform by
expressly or constructively accepting the Anchor Terms of Service when
connecting their wallets to the Anchor Protocol. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

1DWS at para 11.

Terraform argued that these claimants admitted to depositing UST on the Anchor
Protocol – in order to do so, they had to connect their cryptocurrency
“wallets” to the Anchor Protocol, which required them to click on the “Connect
Wallet” link on the Anchor Website. This would have triggered a pop-up
containing a notice stating “[b]y connecting, I accept Anchor’s Terms of
Service”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

1DWS at paras 12–13; CA-2 at p 258.

Thus, by connecting their wallets to the Anchor Protocol, the relevant
claimants would have accepted the Anchor Terms of Service.

Analysis

The applicable law on the incorporation of arbitration clauses in contracts
formed online

130 The claimants pleaded, inter alia, that by purchasing UST, they had
entered into an agreement with Terraform whereby Terraform guaranteed the
terms set out in the Terra Representations (ie, relating to the stability of
UST and Anchor), according to the applicability of each Representation to the
individual claimants. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

SOC at para 24.

I note the possibility that the Arbitration Clauses applied as separate
agreements between the claimants and Terraform, rather than being incorporated
into the unilateral contracts allegedly formed upon the claimants’ purchase of
UST. In any event, the law relating to the formation of contracts online –
particularly the application of general terms of use – was pertinent.

131 In Dialogue Consulting Pty Ltd v Instagram Inc [2020] FCA 1846
(“Dialogue”), the court organised contracts formed online into three
categories (at [241], [244] and [249]):

(a) “clickwrap” agreements require the user to scroll through the terms of use
and affirmatively click a button or tick a box stating words to the effect of
“I agree” before accessing the site;

(b) “sign-in wrap” agreements are where users are notified of terms that are
available by way of a hyperlink, and are required to click a button, or sign
in, in order to access the site; and

(c) “browse-wrap” agreements are where a website displays a notice or a banner
notifying the user that they agree to the site’s terms of use by using the
site. The user is not required to click any button, nor take any affirmative
action to indicate their acceptance of the terms.

132 The defendants argued that in respect of “browse-wrap” principles, case
law makes clear that the question of incorporation should be approached as a
fact-sensitive inquiry: Lopez v Terras Kitchen LLC 331 F Supp 3d 1092 (SD Cal,
2018). 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

1DWS at para 40.

In this regard, the claimants sought to rely on the holding in Dialogue (at
[217]) that an arbitration agreement contained within the terms of use/service
would bind a user of a website only if (a) the user of the website had a
reasonable opportunity to consider the terms; and (b) by its conduct, the user
indicated that it had accepted the terms. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

CWS at para 25.

133 However, Dialogue should be applied with caution as the court explicitly
stated (at [196]–[202]) that it was declining to apply the prima facie
standard for assessing the existence of an arbitration agreement. Rather, the
court applied the balance of probabilities standard: Dialogue at [202]. Hence,
it would be incorrect to apply the threshold articulated in Dialogue for
present purposes.

134 Several other cases were cited by the claimants to show that in the
context of browse-wrap agreements, the courts would require substantial notice
of the relevant terms of use to be given to the user of the website. These
cases include Be In Inc v Google Inc 2013 WL 5568706 (ND Cal, 2013) (“Be In
Inc”); Green v Petfre (Gibraltar) Ltd (trading as Betfred) [2021] EWHC 842
(QB) (“Green”); and Nguyen v Barnes & Noble Inc 763 F 3d 1171 (9th Cir, 2014)
(“Nguyen”). 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

CWS at paras 26–28.

135 I did not find these cases helpful or applicable. Be In Inc and Green did
not involve arbitration clauses. In Be In Inc (at *30), the terms sought to be
incorporated related to prohibitions on the use, copying, or distribution of
the website’s content. In Green (at [166]), the relevant term was an exclusion
of liability clause. The courts in these cases were addressing the issue of
whether those terms had been incorporated into the contracts – this appeared
to involve the usual civil standard of the balance of probabilities, as
opposed to the prima facie standard which applies when assessing the existence
of a valid arbitration agreement. The pronouncements in those cases relating
to the incorporation of non-arbitration related clauses were therefore
irrelevant to the present case.

136 Nguyen did involve an arbitration clause. However, as acknowledged by
counsel for the claimants, the court in Nguyen did not mention the prima facie
test. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 139 lines 22–24; p 144 line 3–6.

In fact, the reasoning in the decision made clear that the court did not apply
a prima facie standard. The court delved into a detailed assessment of the
proximity and conspicuousness of the relevant hyperlink and the case law on
what constituted reasonable notice to a user of a website. The court concluded
that “[i]n light of the lack of controlling authority on point, and in keeping
with courts’ traditional reluctance to enforce browsewrap agreements against
individual consumers, we therefore hold that where a website makes its terms
of use available via a conspicuous hyperlink on every page of the website but
otherwise provides no notice to users nor prompts them to take any affirmative
action to demonstrate assent, even close proximity of the hyperlink to
relevant buttons users must click on – without more – is insufficient to give
rise to constructive notice”: Nguyen at **17. On that basis, the court held
that the user of the website did not enter into an arbitration agreement with
the operator of the website: Nguyen at **21. Clearly, the court’s conclusion
in Nguyen was not based on a prima facie assessment of the issue.

137 I agree with the general approach adopted in the aforementioned cases of
taking a fact-centric approach to the questions of whether a user had actual
or constructive notice of the relevant terms as well as what constitutes
constructive notice. Nonetheless, in the context of an application for a stay
in favour of arbitration, the applicable test is whether the applicant can
establish a prima facie case that the user did have notice of the arbitration
clause. I found that on the facts of the present case, it cannot be said to be
clear and obvious that no agreement to arbitrate was concluded between
Terraform and the claimants.

There was a prima facie case of an arbitration agreement in respect of the
Terra Terms of Use

138 The claimants argued that the Terra Terms of Use fell within the “browse-
wrap” category, since users were not required to assent to the Terra Terms of
Use before using the Terra Website. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

CWS at para 46.

In contrast, Terraform argued that “browse-wrap” agreements usually concerned
websites which offered items or software for purchase, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

1DWS at para 37.

and since the Terra Website did not offer UST for sale, there was no contract
between the claimants and Terraform in the first place, to which the Terms of
Use could be incorporated by “browse-wrap” or otherwise. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

1DWS at para 37.

139 First, I address the point of whether there was a contract between the
claimants and Terraform in the first place. In this regard, the fact that the
Terra Website did not offer UST for sale did not, by itself, mean that no
contract could have been concluded between the claimants and Terraform. The
pleaded contract was one under which Terraform guaranteed certain features of
UST and the Terra Protocol, and the claimants purchased UST – it did not
matter where the UST was purchased from. In the circumstances, it was “at
least arguable” that contracts on the terms pleaded by the claimants had been
formed between the claimants and Terraform, such that the prima facie
threshold was satisfied in this regard (see Tjong Very Sumito at [24]).

140 Next, I address the question of whether a prima facie case could be made
out that the Arbitration Clause found in the Terra Terms of Use was
incorporated via the “browse-wrap” analysis. Given the way the claimants’ case
was pleaded (see below), I did not consider it appropriate to approach the
question of incorporation by attempting to fit the present factual matrix
within one of the three categories set out in Dialogue. Instead, the real
issue was whether a prima facie case could be established that the claimants
had actual or constructive notice of the Arbitration Clauses.

141 It was the claimant’s pleaded case that all 377 of them had been induced
to purchase UST in reliance on, inter alia, the Terra Representations. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

SOC at paras 13–15, Schedules 1–3.

According to the claimants, the first and second Terra Representations were
detailed in the Terra White Paper, which was accessed via a hyperlink on the
homepage of the Terra Website. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

JM-1 at para 28; 1st Affidavit of Douglas Gan Yi Dong (26 May 2023) (“DG-1”)
at para 7; CA-2 at para 51, p 228.

The Terra Representations were also found on a webpage accessed by clicking on
the Terra Website’s “Learn more” tab. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

SOC at para 13; JM-1 at paras 27–28, pp 86–91; Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p
19 line 5–p 20 line 16.

142 Hence, the claimants’ pleaded case was premised on the claimants accessing
the Terra White Paper via the hyperlink on the homepage of the Terra Website
and going through other parts of the Terra Website. However, in the same
breath, the claimants argued that the reasonable user would have stopped short
of going to the end of the Terra Website or would not have noticed the
hyperlink to the Terra Terms of Use. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

CWS at para 47.

This appeared to be a highly selective proposition of what a visitor to the
Terra Website would choose to read.

143 In response to this, counsel for the claimants argued that users of the
Terra Website would have accessed it to find out more about UST. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 26 lines 6–13.

Hence, it was expected that they would seek to access the hyperlink to the
Terra White Paper. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 26 lines 14–17.

Further, this hyperlink was located in a prominent position at the header of
the Terra Website, whereas the hyperlink to the Terra Terms of Use was
“buried” at the bottom of the page. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

CWS at para 47; Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 26 lines 18–24.

144 This argument misses the point. This was not a case where the user was
accessing the Terra Website to make a transaction and would therefore only
have notice of those pages or portions relevant to that transaction. The
claimants’ case was that they accessed the Terra Website to learn more about
UST, and in the process, accessed and read the Terra White Paper and other
portions on the Terra Website, which they say contained the Terra
Representations. If that was the case, then it was not unreasonable that they
would, in perusing the Terra Website, have also noticed the hyperlink to the
Terra Terms of Use, which contained the Arbitration Clause.

145 Counsel for the claimants raised the case of Brett Long v Provide Commerce
Inc 245 Cal App 4th 855 (2016) (“Brett Long”), where in the context of an
e-commerce website selling flowers, the court held (at 866) that a user was
not given reasonable notice of the terms of use hyperlinks in the flow of
webpages in the checkout process. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

CWS at para 47(c); Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 147 line 21–p 148 line 11.

However, as noted above, the Websites in the present case were not e-commerce
websites, where one enters into the relevant contract for sale of goods or
services typically without accessing hyperlinks to the terms of use. In
contrast, the Terra Website was an informational website which contained
various documents accessible by hyperlink which users would access to gain
information on the Terra Ecosystem and related products. There was no
particular sequence of pages or links which the user would be directed or put
through before exiting the webpage. Thus, the reasoning adopted in Brett Long
was not applicable here.

146 The above discussion makes clear that a detailed assessment of the facts
of this case, as well as the law governing the incorporation of arbitration
clauses in online contracts, is necessary in order to reach a conclusion, on
the balance of probabilities, as to whether the Terra Terms of Use were
incorporated or applied in the (alleged) contract between the claimants and
Terraform. The question of incorporation, which the claimants argued depended
on whether the claimants had actual or constructive notice of the Terra Terms
of Use, hinged on mixed issues of fact and law which are rightfully to be
addressed by an arbitral tribunal:

(a) first, the issue of actual notice depends upon the weight and credibility
accorded by the arbitral tribunal to the assertions of individual claimants as
to whether they had seen the Terra Terms of Use when they visited the Terra
Website to view the Terra Representations. Beltran and Gan both denied actual
notice. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

JM-4 at para 44; DG-1 at para 16.

No evidence was adduced as to the position of the other claimants. The
tribunal would have to decide the weight to be accorded to such denials and
the credibility of such claims when considered against the other objective
evidence, including the relevant placing of the Terra Terms of Use hyperlink
on the Terra Website, and whether it is believable that the claimants had
actual notice of other hyperlinks on the Terra Website – such as that for the
Terra White Paper – while having no actual notice of the hyperlink for the
Terra Terms of Use. The answer to that question cannot be said to be clear and
obvious, particularly in the context of how the claimants have pleaded their
cause(s) of action and claim to have come across the Terra Representations;
and

(b) second, for the issue of constructive notice, the claimants argued that it
must be determined whether the Terra Website provided reasonable notice of the
Terra Terms of Use to the claimants. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

CWS at paras 47, 49.

This is a fact-sensitive inquiry, requiring the tribunal to determine whether
the Terra Terms of Use were reasonably prominent or conspicuous, considering
the location and labelling of the hyperlink amidst the broader layout and
design of the Terra Website. The answer to this inquiry likewise cannot be
said to be clear or obvious in this case.

147 Overall, the determination of these issues would require “the court to
descend into a protracted examination of the evidence to make a finding on the
merits that an arbitration agreement exists [or does not exist] on a balance
of probabilities at the stay stage”: The “Titan Unity” [2013] SGHCR 28 (“The
“Titan Unity””) at [34], cited with approval in Tomolugen at [58]. This would
be inconsistent with a prima facie ascertainment of the existence of an
arbitration agreement: The “Titan Unity” at [34]. Adopting the language of the
Court of Appeal in Tjong Very Sumito at [24], it was certainly “at least
arguable” that the claims in the Suit were subject to the Terra Terms of Use,
and this case did not satisfy the threshold of “the clearest of cases …
[where] the court ought to make a ruling on the inapplicability of an
arbitration agreement”.

148 Consequently, I found that Terraform had made out a prima facie case that
an arbitration agreement existed between it and all the claimants on the basis
of the Terra Terms of Use.

149 For completeness, I address the claimants’ submission that the hyperlink
to the Terra Terms of Use was absent on the Terra Website as of 26 December
2020. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 15 line 21–p 16 line 4.

Counsel for the claimants was unable to confirm if and how many claimants
purchased UST based on this version of the Terra Website. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 16 lines 10–20.

Counsel for Terraform, Kwon and Luna informed me that none of the claimants
purchased UST in or before December 2020. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 32 lines 12–28.

150 According to their affidavits, Beltran accessed the Terra Website “on or
around 5 May 2022” to read the Terra White Paper, 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

JM-4 at para 43.

and Gan accessed the Terra Website, first, “in or around December 2020” to
read the Terra White Paper, and “again in or around December 2021 and/or
January 2022”. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

DG-1 at para 7.

Hence, both Representative Claimants had accessed the Terra Website after
December 2020. There was no evidence as to when the other claimants accessed
the Terra Website.

151 Thus, for the purposes of the prima facie test, it was not clear and
obvious that any or all of the claimants only visited the Terra Website before
the hyperlink to the Terra Terms of Use was included.

There was a prima facie case of an arbitration agreement in respect of the
Anchor Terms of Service

152 I also found that Terraform had made out a prima facie case that
arbitration agreements were formed between it and some of the claimants on the
terms of the Anchor Terms of Service.

153 Pertinently, not all the claimants pleaded that they were induced to
purchase UST in reliance on the Anchor Representations. The eight claimants
under Schedule 1 of the SOC claimed to have been induced only by the Terra
Representations. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

SOC at Schedule 1.

The remaining 369 claimants in Schedules 2 and 3 plead that they were induced
by, inter alia, the Anchor Representations, 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

SOC at Schedules 2–3.

and that they had entered into a contract with Terraform on the terms of those
representations. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

SOC at para 18.

Based on my finding that there was a prima facie case that the Terra Terms of
Service applied to all the claimants, the issue of whether the Anchor Terms of
Service applied to the relevant claimants was, strictly speaking, irrelevant.
Nevertheless, for completeness, I address this issue.

154 The claimants argued that the Anchor Terms of Service were also
incorporated via “browse-wrap”. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

CWS at para 46.

However, the defendants argued that the Anchor Terms of Service were
incorporated via “sign-in wrap”. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

1DWS at para 14.

155 I did not consider this distinction to be particularly important to the
issue of whether there was a prima facie case that the Anchor Terms of Service
had been incorporated. The key inquiry remained whether, on a prima facie
basis, the claimants had actual or constructive notice of the Anchor Terms of
Service.

156 It was the claimants’ pleaded case that the Anchor Representations were
found either on the Anchor Website itself, or in the Anchor White Paper (which
was accessible through a hyperlink on the homepage of the Anchor Website). 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

SOC at paras 16–17; CA-2 at p 243.

The claimants argued that users of the Anchor Website were not required to
assent to the Anchor Terms of Service when using the Website. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

CWS at para 46.

Similar to the argument in respect of the Terra Terms of Use, the claimants
argued that the Anchor Terms of Service hyperlink was inconspicuous and the
relevant claimants did not have reasonable notice of the Anchor Terms of
Service prior to entering into a contract with Terraform. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

CWS at para 48.

157 As described above at [129], Terraform pointed to the affidavit of Mr
Amani, in which he gave evidence that the only way a user of the Anchor
Protocol’s “wallet” service could “connect” his wallet would be to enter the
Dashboard of the Anchor Website and click on the option to “connect” the
wallet. This would trigger a “pop-up” notification that includes the
acknowledgment “[b]y connecting, I accept Anchor’s Terms of Service”. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

CA-2 at para 69.

The “pop–up” notice appears as follows (at the bottom-right corner of the
image): 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

CA-2 at p 258.

![A screenshot of a credit card

Description automatically generated](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Figure 1: The “Connect Wallet” tab in the Anchor Website’s Dashboard

158 Crucially, 351 claimants, including Gan, confirmed in response to F&BP
requests that they had “staked” their UST on the Anchor Protocol. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

1st Affidavit of Zhao Heng (1 Mar 2023) (“ZH-1”) at para 5, p 15.

159 However, the claimants argued that the relevant claimants had purchased
UST before connecting their cryptocurrency wallets to the Anchor Protocol. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

CWS at para 48.

The claimants submitted that the subsequent connecting of these claimants’
wallets to the Anchor Protocol, after purchasing UST, did not incorporate the
Anchor Terms of Service into the contracts which had been concluded at the
point of purchase. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

CWS at para 48.

160 However, I note that it was uncontested that at least some of the
claimants “staked” their UST on the Anchor Protocol in “tranches”, and
therefore purchased more UST after having first connected their “wallet” on
the Anchor Website. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 124 line 12–p 125 line 11.

This meant that they would have seen the “pop-up” notice referencing the
Anchor Terms of Service before they purchased more UST. Gan was one such
claimant – he purchased more UST on 18 February 2022, after he had staked some
UST on the Anchor Platform on 2 January 2022. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

DG-1 at paras 15, 19(g).

However, Gan claimed that he “did not notice the [Anchor] Terms of Service and
so did not access it”, and that although he “did access the ‘Dashboard’ page
of the Anchor website … [he did] not recall seeing any link to the Terms of
Service on the ‘Dashboard’ page”. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

DG-1 at para 19.

He stated further that he did not agree with Terraform’s assertion that he
would have accepted the Anchor Terms of Service by clicking on the “Connect
Wallet” link when connecting his wallet to the Anchor Protocol, since he “did
not click the link in the [pop-up] notice that would bring [him] to Anchor’s
Terms of Service”. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

DG-1 at para 19(f).

161 I found Gan’s statements to be vague. He essentially denied noticing or
clicking the link to the Anchor Terms of Service when connecting his wallet –
but this did not affect the issue of whether there was constructive notice of
the Anchor Terms of Service. In my view, the “pop-up” notice on the Anchor
Website constituted strong evidence that the claimants who staked their UST on
the Anchor Protocol, and then purchased more UST, had either actual or
constructive notice of the Anchor Terms of Service when they purchased their
second and subsequent tranches of UST. In the circumstances, it suffices to
say that it was “at least arguable” that on the basis of the Anchor Terms of
Service, there was a prima facie agreement to arbitrate between some of the
claimants and Terraform.

Observation: the appropriate course of action if a prima facie case of an
arbitration agreement is made out only in respect of some of the claimants in
a representative action

162 An interesting issue that arose was how the court should address a
situation where a prima facie case of an arbitration agreement is made out
only in respect of some of the claimants in a representative action. This
issue was ultimately not engaged on the facts, since Terraform had taken a
“step in the proceedings”, and in any event, all the claimants were subject to
a prima facie arbitration agreement, at least on the basis of the Terra Terms
of Use. Nevertheless, I make a few observations.

163 The claimants submitted that in the normal trajectory of a representative
action, the court would determine the outcome at trial based solely on the
claims of the representative claimants. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

CWS at para 51.

They argued that the court may take into account differences in the claimants’
respective positions at the assessment of damages stage, where the assessor
“will examine each and every represented person’s claim”, and may vary the
amount of damages an individual claimant is entitled to (or find that an
individual claimant is only entitled to nominal damages) on the basis of those
differences: referring to the approach in Treasure Resort at [77] and [110].
163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Transcript (25 Sep 2023) at p 167 line 18–p 168 line 8.

The claimants submitted that the same approach should apply when assessing the
existence of an arbitration agreement vis-à-vis the claimants in a
representative action – ie, the court should consider whether there is a
binding arbitration agreement between the defendant and the representative
claimants only, 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

CWS at para 51.

with any differences in the positions of the claimants (in respect of whether
they are subject to an arbitration agreement) to be considered at the
assessment of damages stage.

164 This approach is problematic and is not consistent with established
principles.

165 First, in the context of an arbitration agreement, the court is concerned
with a jurisdictional issue, which the court in Treasure Resort was not. This
is a threshold issue, and not one which can be dealt with after the conclusion
of trial. It therefore makes little sense, and is contrary to principle, to
determine the existence of an arbitration agreement only in respect of the
representative claimants, to proceed on that basis for all claimants, and then
to make the necessary adjustments/corrections after the conclusion of trial
(as the claimants suggested), when the issue of damages is considered. The
principle of party autonomy demands that binding arbitration agreements be
respected (see Tjong Very Sumito at [28]), and under the principle of
kompetenz-kompetenz, the arbitral tribunal is the body charged with
determining whether the relevant parties and the dispute before it are subject
to an arbitration agreement (Tomolugen at [65]–[68]). The court would be
acting in violation of both principles if it decides a dispute in respect of
claimants who are prima facie bound by arbitration agreements. Further, in
this situation, the defendant may be forced to take a step in the proceedings
to defend itself in court, thereby prejudicing its right to arbitrate in
respect of the represented claimants who are parties to an arbitration
agreement. Claimants would also be encouraged to avoid arbitration agreements
and game the system by putting forward representatives who are not clearly
bound by an arbitration agreement.

166 Second, the claimants’ approach is inconsistent with how a representative
action works. Under O 4 r 6 of the ROC 2021, a representative action may
proceed where the claimants “have a common interest” in the proceedings. In
conducting this assessment, the court must examine the claims and compare the
significance of the common issues between the claimants with the significance
of the issues which differed as between them: Treasure Resort at [29] and
[60]. Further, the court must assess whether there are any other circumstances
which justify discontinuing the representative action: Treasure Resort at [29]
and [86]. This assessment is a preliminary one in the life cycle of a
representative action and cannot be delayed until the assessment of damages.

167 In AnAn Group (Singapore) Pte Ltd v VTB Bank (Public Joint Stock Co)
[2020] 1 SLR 1158 (“AnAn”), the Court of Appeal held, in the context of
winding-up proceedings, that winding-up applications cannot be used as a
method of circumventing parties’ agreement to submit their disputes to
arbitration: AnAn at [75]–[80]. Thus, the applicable threshold for allowing a
stay of a winding-up application, where the debt concerned was subject to an
arbitration agreement, could not be the usual “triable issue” standard applied
to claims which are not subject to arbitration. Rather, the “prima facie
standard” applied, such that the winding-up proceedings would be stayed or
dismissed if the debtor could show, on a prima facie basis, that the disputed
debt fell within the scope of a valid arbitration agreement between the
parties: AnAn at [56].

168 Similarly, representative actions cannot be used as a method of
circumventing the principle of party autonomy. The court cannot, on the basis
that the representative claimants are not subject to an arbitration agreement,
proceed to determine the claims of other claimants who may be bound by
arbitration agreements. The principle of party autonomy demands that the court
assess whether a prima facie applicable arbitration agreement exists between
each individual claimant and the defendant, and where it exists, such claims
must be referred to the tribunal.

169 Fundamentally, the court’s assessment of the propriety of a representative
action is at odds with the limited scope of the court’s duty where there is
potentially an arbitration agreement covering the dispute. In determining
whether to allow a representative action to proceed, the court exercises
jurisdiction over the different claimants by examining their claims and
circumstances. The court should not be doing so if there is a prima facie
arbitration agreement governing the dispute.

170 There are also practical issues which arise where arbitration agreements
interact with a representative action. First, the assessment of whether the
claimants are subject to an arbitration agreement may require the court to
conduct an individualised assessment of each claimant’s claim. To require the
court to conduct such an assessment would contradict the very purpose of
representative actions, which is to provide for “a final determination of the
rights of all the claimants vis-à-vis the defendant … based solely on the
claims brought by the representative plaintiff and the defence raised by the
defendant” [emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added]: Treasure Resort at
[26]. I note that the individualised assessment of whether each claimant is
subject to an arbitration agreement is a more invasive inquiry than the
general assessment of whether common issues exists across all claimants; the
former requires an in‑depth inquiry into each claimant’s circumstances, while
the latter involves a broader assessment which does not concentrate on
individual circumstances – see Treasure Resorts at [112], where the court
declined to find one of the claims to be common to all claimants where it
would have required an examination of each claimant’s circumstances.

171 Second, represented claimants are not obliged to give discovery or
evidence relating to the claims in the representative action, and the
defendant will not be entitled to cross-examine the represented persons:
Treasure Resort at [36]. Thus, all the court will have before it is the
evidence of the representative claimants, from which it will be unable to
ascertain with precision whether a prima facie applicable arbitration
agreement exists between the represented claimants and the defendant.

172 Third, the representative claimants may not have the requisite standing to
argue whether the represented claimants are each subject to a prima facie
applicable arbitration agreement – to satisfy O 4 r 6(2) of the ROC 2021, it
is only necessary that they consent to the representative claimant bringing an
action in court on their behalf.

173 What then should the court do where the defendant asserts that some of the
claimants in a representative action are bound by an arbitration agreement?
This is a tricky issue as arbitration agreements pose significant problems for
representative actions.

174 The courts in the US have grappled with some of these issues in the
context of class actions: see Emily Villano, “Arbitration Asymmetries in Class
Actions” (2022) 131 Yale LJF 742. The prevailing approach appears to be to
deny certification of a class action (a threshold assessment before a class
action may proceed) where some members of the putative class may be subject to
an arbitration agreement: see, for example, Tan v Grubhub, Inc 2016 WL 4721439
(ND Cal, 2016) (“Tan”); Parrish v Gordon Lane Healthcare, LLC 2023 WL 7107267
(CD Cal, 2023) (“Parrish”); Berman v Freedom Fin Network, LLC 400 F Supp 3d
964, 986 (ND Cal, 2019). The threshold for denying certification on this
ground is a low one – courts have explained that the “mere potential that the
relevant arbitration provision is valid is sufficient to preclude a named
plaintiff who opted out of the provision from representing a class largely
made up of individuals that may be subject to the agreement”: Jensen v
Cablevisions Systems Corp 372 F Supp 3d 95 (ED NY, 2019) at 123. Thus, US
courts have denied certification on the basis that the claims of the members
of the putative class are “likely barred”, “potentially subject”, or “may be
bound by” arbitration agreements: see Villano at 746, citing, respectively,
Forby v One Techs 2020 WL 4201604 (ND Tex, 2020) at *9; Tan at *3; and Conde v
Open Door Mktg 223 F Supp 3d 949 (ND Cal, 2017) (“Conde”) at 961.

175 The reasons given by US courts for denying certification on this ground
span the various issues identified above at [165]–[172] in respect of the
incompatibility of collective proceedings and arbitration agreements. Courts
have cited a lack of commonality of interests between the claimants (because
some are subject to arbitration agreements) (see Tan at *2); a lack of
standing on the part of the class representative to address the issue of
whether the putative class members are subject to applicable arbitration
agreements (see Conde at 960); and the fact that an individualised inquiry
into the putative class members’ circumstances would be necessary to determine
the applicability of an arbitration agreement to them (see Ehret v Uber Techs,
Inc 148 F Supp 3d 884, 902-03 (ND Cal, 2015) at [21]).

176 There is no certification process under Singapore law for representative
actions. Rather, the structure of the ROC 2021 is such that the propriety of a
representative action appears only to be assessed when a defendant brings a
challenge against it: see O 4 r 6. Hence, the issue of whether the court
should allow a representative action (where some claimants may be subject to
an arbitration agreement) to proceed necessarily comes into play in an
application to stay the proceedings in favour of arbitration.

177 Thus, if the representative claimants themselves are subject to a prima
facie arbitration agreement, that would be the end of the matter – they would
not be capable of representing the other claimants in the action: see the
Ontario Federal Court’s decision in Stephanie Difederico and Jameson Edmond
Casey v Amazon.com (2022) FC 1256 at [2]. However, if the representative
claimants are not subject to a prima facie arbitration agreement but some of
the represented claimants are, the only courses of action appear to be:

(a) the group of represented claimants is trimmed to exclude those subject to
a prima facie arbitration agreement to allow the action to proceed; or

(b) the entire action is stayed or discontinued in favour of arbitration to
allow the arbitral tribunal to determine the jurisdictional issue.

178 I observe that policy concerns arise where collective proceedings are
discontinued or stayed because some claimants may be subject to an arbitration
agreement: see Villano at pp 751–755. In the US, arbitration agreements pose a
formidable obstacle to the prosecution of class actions: see the decisions of
the US Supreme Court in AT&T Mobility LLC v Concepcion 563 US 333 (2011) and
American Express Co v Italian Colors Restaurant 570 US 228 (2013) (“American
Express”). Class arbitration is not permitted unless the arbitration
agreements clearly provide for it (Lamps Plus Inc v Varela 139 S Ct 1407
(2019)), and thus consumers who are precluded from bringing their claims to
court are unlikely to ever bring arbitral proceedings against defendant
companies, given the typical gulf in resources at the disposal of either side
and the small value of individual claims. As observed by the court in American
Express (citing Green Tree Financial Corp-Alabama v Randolph 531 US 79 (2000)
at 90), “[i]t may well be that the existence of large arbitration costs could
preclude a litigant … from effectively vindicating her federal statutory
rights in the arbitral forum”. Thus, arbitration agreements potentially signal
a death knell for representative actions, which exist precisely to bridge the
gulf in financial resources and motivation between individual consumers and
large companies.

179 The Canadian courts have attempted to address these policy concerns by
striking down an arbitration agreement where it gives rise to an issue of
accessibility – ie, where referring a dispute to arbitration would result in a
real prospect of the challenge not being resolved: see Uber Technologies Inc v
Heller (2020) SCC 16 (“Uber”) at [32]–[46]. In Uber, the fees payable by the
representative claimant to initiate the arbitration were equivalent to his
annual income and were effectively a barrier to bringing a claim. The court
found that the arbitration agreement was unenforceable because of
unconscionability as (a) there was clearly inequality of bargaining power
between the defendant and the representative claimant in entering into the
arbitration agreement; (b) the bargain concluded unduly advantaged the
stronger party and unduly disadvantaged the vulnerable party; and (c) the
arbitration agreement violated the claimant’s reasonable expectations by
depriving him of remedies: Uber at [93]–[98].

180 Such an approach appears to significantly extend the doctrine of
unconscionability (as noted in Brown JJ’s concurring opinion in Uber at [103])
and be out of step with the prevailing stance in Singapore to support and
facilitate arbitration. Our courts have consistently emphasised the principle
of party autonomy, which involves giving effect to parties’ agreed method of
dispute resolution: see Tjong Very Sumito at [28] and AnAn at [75]–[80].
Subject to legislative intervention, it is questionable whether the court can
or should strike down arbitration agreements on the grounds relied on in Uber.
Given the increased reliance on arbitration clauses in e-commerce sites and
consumer contracts, the question arises whether retail consumers will be left
with no effective remedy in the event of a breach.

181 The issues above are worthy of future consideration in a case which
squarely engages them, and the court has the benefit of detailed and directed
arguments. They were not engaged in the present case since the Representative
Claimants here were both subject to prima facie arbitration agreements, as
were the rest of the claimants. In any event, Terraform had taken a “step in
the proceedings”.

Conclusion

182 I therefore dismissed Terraform’s appeal in RA 185 against the order
denying a stay in favour of arbitration (in SUM 1427) on the basis that it had
taken steps in the proceedings.

183 Given that the “case management stays” requested by Kwon and Luna (in SUM
1427) and Platias (in SUM 235) were predicated on Terraform obtaining an
arbitration stay, their appeals (in RAs 185 and 186 respectively) against the
order denying their applications are dismissed. Accordingly, I dismissed the
defendants’ appeals with costs.

Closing observation

184 There was one aspect of these proceedings which was troubling. Although
the Suit was instituted on 7 September 2022, and the defendants served on 9
September 2022, 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

CA-2 at para 3.

Terraform’s jurisdictional challenge was only heard by the AR on 28 June 2023,
more than nine months later. This delay is regrettable. As highlighted above
at [51], the ROC 2021 is specifically designed to ensure that jurisdictional
objections are filed and disposed of expeditiously and as early as possible,
to ensure that time and costs are not wasted and that parties may then proceed
to deal with the merits of the claim only if the challenge fails. That is also
sensible from a case management standpoint, and is in the interests of all the
parties. Indeed, the ROC 2021 was meant “to simplify and expedite applications
and appeals on procedural matters so that disputes … do not become procedural
skirmishes which waste time and costs and often do not bring the parties any
closer to the main battlefield”: Civil Justice Commission Report at p 2.
Unfortunately, that philosophy was not embraced in this case, and parties
(particularly Terraform) engaged in the “old” ways of procedural and
“strategic” manoeuvres unrelated and unnecessary to resolving the
jurisdictional challenge.

185 All litigants should comply with the language and spirit of the ROC 2021,
as embodied in the Ideals in O 3 r 1, and work with the courts to ensure a
fair and expeditious resolution to their disputes (see O 3 rr 1(b) and 1(c)).
While the basic structure of civil litigation was not altered by the ROC 2021,
it is not old wine in new skins. It was intended for parties to approach the
resolution of civil disputes with a new mindset – for cases to be managed
closely and effectively so as to facilitate the crystallisation of key issues
in dispute at an early stage, which will in turn enable cases to progress more
efficiently: see Civil Justice Review Committee, Report of the Civil Justice
Review Committee (2018) (Chairperson: Indranee Rajah SC) at pp 6–7. In this
regard, I note Lord Bingham MR’s observations in Costellow v Somerset Country
Council [1993] 1 All ER 959 at 959 (cited by the Court of Appeal with approval
in Leong Mei Chuan v Chan Teck Hock David [2001] 1 SLR(R) 261 at [19] and The
Tokai Maru [1998] 2 SLR(R) 646 (“The Tokai Maru”) at [21]), that “the rules of
court and the associated rules of practice, devised in the public interest to
promote the expeditious dispatch of litigation, must be observed … [they] are
not targets to be aimed at or expressions of pious hope but requirements to be
met” [emphasis added]. As far as a party’s actions in delaying the judicial
process are not intentional or disingenuous, some lenience may be granted: see
The Tokai Maru at [22]–[23]. However, where such conduct is deliberate or
unreasonable, parties should expect to be met with firm sanctions from the
court.

Hri Kumar Nair  
Judge of the High Court  
---  
  
Mahesh Rai s/o Vedprakash Rai, Yong Wei Jun Jonathan, Yap Keong Wee Brandon
and Shreya Vijay Kittur (Drew & Napier LLC) for the claimants;

Teh Kee Wee Lawrence, Thng Huilin Melissa, Shirlene Leong Hong Mei, Paul Aman
Singh Sambhi and Zhao Heng (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the first,
second and fourth defendants;

Ong Tun Wei Danny, Teo Jason and Tan Mazie (Setia Law LLC) for the third
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 30 Nov 2023 (11:06 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

