Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the APPELLATE DIVISION OF

  

THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2023] SGHC(A) 18

Civil Appeal No 75 of 2022

Between

| Allianz Capital Partners GmbH, Singapore Branch  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Andress Goh  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Summons No 1215 of 2021

Between

| Allianz Capital Partners GmbH, Singapore Branch  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Andress Goh  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Conflict of Laws — Choice of jurisdiction — Exclusive]

[Conflict of Laws — Natural forum]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Allianz Capital Partners GmbH, Singapore Branch

  
v

  

Goh Andress

[2023] SGHC(A) 18

Appellate Division of the High Court — Civil Appeal No 75 of 2022  
Kannan Ramesh JAD and Debbie Ong Siew Ling JAD  
10 November 2022

8 May 2023

Kannan Ramesh JAD (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 When would a jurisdiction clause in one contract, as a matter of
construction, apply to disputes arising out of another contract? This is the
key question in the present appeal and gives us the opportunity to consider
what has been termed the “Extended Fiona Trust Principle” (the “Principle”).

2 We are of the view that the Principle ought to be accepted as a matter of
Singapore law. Applying the Principle to the present appeal, we find that the
dispute between the parties is subject to an exclusive jurisdiction clause in
favour of Singapore. We therefore allow the appeal and set aside the Judge’s
order below in HC/OS 1215/2021 (“OS 1215”) granting a stay of the proceedings.

Facts

The parties

3 The factual background to the present appeal can be found in the grounds of
decision of the Judge in Allianz Capital Partners GmbH, Singapore Branch v Goh
Andress [2022] SGHC 266 (the “GD”) at [1]–[14]. We highlight the salient
aspects below.

4 The appellant (“ACP-S”) is the Singapore branch of a German company, Allianz
Capital Partners GmbH (“ACP”). ACP is a member of the Allianz Group and is an
asset manager for alternative equity investments. The respondent, Ms Andress
Goh (“Ms Goh”), is a Singaporean citizen who was based in Singapore at all
material times. Ms Goh was previously employed by ACP-S (and its predecessor
entity) from May 2006 to December 2021.

5 The terms of Ms Goh’s employment with ACP-S were contained in two documents,
as follows:

(a) an employment contract between Ms Goh and ACP-S, dated 19 October 2009
(the “Employment Contract”); and

(b) the “Allianz Global Investors – Employee Handbook for Singapore” (version
1.0) (the “Employee Handbook”), which was incorporated by reference into the
Employment Contract by cl 2.9 of the Employment Contract.

6 We set out the relevant provisions of the Employment Contract below. First,
cl 2.5 of the Employment Contract provides that Ms Goh “may” participate in
carried interest programmes, as follows:

2.5 Carried Interest

The EMPLOYEE may participate in the carried interest program of ACP subject to
the details to be provided in separate agreements and notices by ACP with
regard to such carried interest program.

7 Further, cl 7.3 provides that the Employment Contract is governed by
Singapore law, and that the Singapore courts have exclusive jurisdiction over
“any dispute”:

7.3 Singapore law shall be the sole and applicable law of this Agreement and
any dispute arising from it. The Courts in Singapore shall be the sole forum
to which any dispute shall be referred to and Singapore shall be the sole
jurisdiction for such determination.

[emphasis added]

We refer to the exclusive jurisdiction clause in cl 7.3 as the “EJC”.

8 The Employment Contract also contains an entire agreement clause, as
follows:

7.5 This Agreement supersedes any prior agreements, representations and
promises, whether written, oral, express or implied between the parties on
specific points explicitly mentioned in this agreement and constitutes the
full and exclusive agreement between the EMPLOYEE and the COMPANY with respect
to the employment.

The Incentive Plan and the LTIP

9 During her employment with ACP-S, Ms Goh was selected to participate in the
Allianz Capital Partners Incentive Plan for Indirect Private Equity
Investments (the “Incentive Plan”) from 2018 to 2020. The Incentive Plan was
administered by ACP, subject to terms and conditions contained in a document
titled “Allianz Capital Partners Incentive Plan for Indirect Private Equity
Investments” (the “Plan Terms”). It is common ground between the parties that
Ms Goh’s participation in the Incentive Plan was pursuant to cl 2.5 of the
Employment Contract, and that the Incentive Plan was a “carried interest
program” within the meaning of cl 2.5. The Judge also proceeded on this basis:
GD at [37]. Thus, cl 2.5 of the Employment Contract provided for Ms Goh’s
participation in carried interest programmes such as the Incentive Plan, the
details of which were to be encapsulated in separate agreements and notices
issued by ACP.

10 The purpose of the Incentive Plan was to provide eligible directors and/or
employees of ACP and Allianz Capital Partners of America Inc (“Plan
Participants”) with the opportunity to participate in the returns generated by
investments made by ACP in the private equity sector. Under the Incentive
Plan, certain investments made by ACP within a calendar year (a “Vintage
Year”) were pooled and aggregated. Based on the performance fees received by
ACP in respect of those investments, ACP had the discretion to allocate to
each Plan Participant a certain percentage of the performance fees for that
Vintage Year (the “Incentive Award”). Each Plan Participant would be notified
by, inter alios, ACP of an Incentive Award through an allocation letter (an
“Award Notice”) in accordance with the template set out in Schedule 2 of the
Plan Terms. To acquire the Incentive Award, the Plan Participant had to sign
the Award Notice acknowledging that he/she agreed to be bound by the Plan
Terms and that he/she accepted the Incentive Award.

11 Ms Goh was offered Incentive Awards in 2018, 2019 and 2020. Notably, while
cl 2.5 of the Employment Contract and cl 3.2 of the Plan Terms provide for the
Award Notice to be issued by ACP, the Award Notices that were issued to Ms Goh
were on ACP-S’s letterhead. Ms Goh duly signed the respective Award Notices,
thereby agreeing to be bound by the Plan Terms. We refer to the agreements
formed in relation to each Award Notice collectively as the “LTIP”.

12 Clause 5.1.2 of the Plan Terms provides that the Incentive Award for each
Vintage Year vests annually in tranches of 25% over a period of four years. If
a Plan Participant ceases employment before the vesting period ends, his/her
entitlement to the unvested and vested Incentive Award(s) would depend on
whether he/she is classified as a “Good Leaver”, “Normal Leaver” or “Bad
Leaver”. In this regard, cl 5.2 of the Plan Terms is salient:

5.2 Leaver Treatment

If a Plan Participant Leaves Employment during the Vesting Period, the
following shall apply:

5.2.1 If the Plan Participant Leaves Employment and is a Good Leaver by any
other reason than death, the Plan Participant keeps all vested Incentive
Awards with regard to a Vintage and all unvested Incentive Awards of such
Leaver fully vest immediately. If a Plan Participant is a Good Leaver by
reason of death, all her or his unvested Incentive Awards fully vest
immediately, the vested Incentive Awards remain unaffected and Clause 3.5
applies.

5.2.2 If the Plan Participant Leaves Employment and is a Normal Leaver, the
Plan Participant keeps all Incentive Awards with regard to a Vintage vested at
the date the Plan Participant Leaves Employment, but loses all unvested
Incentive Awards.

5.2.3 If the Plan Participant Leaves Employment and is a Bad Leaver, the Plan
Participant (i) loses with effect from (and including) the occurrence of the
Bad Conduct Event all Incentive Awards irrespective of whether they are vested
or unvested and (ii) is obliged to repay to the Company the net amount of all
Plan Payments (i.e. amount after any deduction of income tax and employee’s
social security contributions required by law in accordance with Clause 4.3)
she or he has received since the Bad Conduct Event because the Company was not
aware of the Bad Conduct Event. However, such repayment obligation only exists
for Plan Payments received by the Bad Leaver during the time period of five
years from (and including) the Bad Conduct Event.

…

[emphasis added]

13 The terms “Good Leaver”, “Normal Leaver” and “Bad Leaver” are defined in cl
1.2 of the Plan Terms as follows:

‘Bad Leaver’ means any Plan Participant who (i) ceases to be employed with the
Company or ACP US by reason of a Bad Conduct Event or (ii) Leaves Employment
with the Company or ACP US and has committed a Bad Conduct Event, provided
that the Company or ACP US discovers within five years from (and including)
the day the Plan Participant Leaves Employment with the Company or ACP US,
respectively, that such Plan Participant committed such Bad Conduct Event;

…

‘Good Leaver’ means any Plan Participant who Leaves Employment either (i) by
reason of death, disability, retirement or termination by the employer because
of downsizing, re-organization or termination of its business, or (ii) – in
respect of any ACP Investment Professional – the ACP Management Board, in its
discretion, deems the respective Plan Participant a Good Leaver, such
discretion being subject to the approval of the ACP Compensation Committee, or
(iii) – in respect of any Eligible ACP Board Member – both the ACP Competent
Body and the AllianzGI Compensation Committee, in their discretion, deem the
respective Plan Participant a Good Leaver. The ACP Competent Body may delegate
the decision to the AllianzGI Compensation Committee that then decides –
subject to the approval of the ACP Competent body – in its discretion;

…

‘Normal Leaver’ means any Plan Participant who Leaves Employment and is
neither a Good Leaver nor a Bad Leaver;

…

[emphasis in bold in original]

14 Clause 8.8 of the Plan Terms is an entire agreement clause, while cl 8.9
provides that the LTIP is governed by German law, as follows:

8.8 Entire Agreement

This Plan constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes any previous
agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Plan.

8.9 Governing law

This Plan and all Incentive Awards granted under it shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the law of the Federal Republic of Germany,
excluding the application of the UN Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods (CISG) and the German conflicts of laws rules.

Ms Goh’s resignation

15 On 18 June 2021, Ms Goh informed her immediate superiors in Allianz Global
Investors by e-mail of her intention to retire and therefore to resign from
employment. She was 56 years old at the time. On 25 June 2021, ACP’s Human
Resources and Compensation department informed Ms Goh that in view of her
decision to terminate her employment and her age, she had been deemed a
“Normal Leaver” for the purposes of the LTIP. In the correspondence that
followed, Ms Goh expressed her concern that she had been deemed a “Normal
Leaver”. As she was “genuinely retiring”, Ms Goh was of the view that she
ought to be deemed a “Good Leaver” instead. ACP’s position, however, was that
Ms Goh had not met the requirements under the LTIP for being a “Good Leaver”.
The obvious implication for Ms Goh in being classified as a “Normal Leaver”
was that she would not be entitled to her unvested Incentive Awards. A “Good
Leaver” classification would not have that consequence.

16 On 26 November 2021, ACP-S commenced OS 1215 seeking, inter alia,
declarations that:

(a) Ms Goh was not retiring under the Employment Contract or the LTIP;

(b) Ms Goh did not meet any of the requirements to be considered a “Good
Leaver” under the LTIP and was not entitled to “Good Leaver” status for the
purposes of the LTIP; and

(c) Ms Goh was a “Normal Leaver” for the purposes of the LTIP.

17 In the supporting affidavits filed with OS 1215, ACP-S explained that Ms
Goh had not met the requirements of a “Good Leaver”, as (a) she had not
reached the retirement age of 62 years specified in the Employee Handbook when
she resigned; and (b) she had not been deemed a “Good Leaver” at the
discretion of the ACP Management Board and the ACP Compensation Committee in
accordance with the terms of the LTIP.

Proceedings below

18 In response to OS 1215, Ms Goh filed HC/SUM 308/2022 (“SUM 308”) seeking a
stay of proceedings on the ground that Germany was the more appropriate forum
to hear the dispute in OS 1215. ACP-S resisted SUM 308. It claimed that the
dispute in OS 1215 fell within the scope of the EJC and that there was no
strong cause why a stay should be granted in breach of the EJC. Alternatively,
if the dispute in OS 1215 fell outside the scope of the EJC, ACP-S contended
that applying the test in Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd [1987]
AC 460 (the “Spiliada test”), the relevant connecting factors pointed to
Singapore as the more appropriate forum.

19 On 14 April 2022, an Assistant Registrar (the “AR”) dismissed SUM 308. The
AR was of the view that the EJC should be given a broad or generous
interpretation, such that it covered the dispute in OS 1215. Further, Ms Goh
had not shown strong cause to depart from the EJC, and in any event, the
connecting factors did not point clearly toward Germany as the more
appropriate forum.

20 Ms Goh appealed against the AR’s decision in HC/RA 101/2022 (“RA 101”). On
16 August 2022, the Judge allowed the appeal. The Judge began by considering
if there was a good arguable case that the dispute in OS 1215 was one “arising
from” the Employment Contract, such that it fell within the scope of the EJC.
In the Judge’s view, the core of the dispute centred on the parties’ differing
interpretations of the term “retirement” as used in the LTIP, and the manner
in which ACP had exercised its discretion to determine Ms Goh’s Leaver status.
The dispute in OS 1215 thus arose out of the LTIP, which was a “separate
agreement, distinct and independent from the Employment Contract”. The EJC
therefore did not apply to the dispute in OS 1215: GD at [23]–[27].

21 The Judge next considered ACP-S’s argument that if the dispute in OS 1215
arose out of the LTIP, the EJC should be given a broad and generous
interpretation to cover disputes under the LTIP on an application of the
Principle. As explained at [42] below, the Principle provides that in certain
circumstances, a jurisdiction clause in one contract may be read as applying
to a dispute arising from another contract. While the Judge accepted that the
Principle could apply as a matter of principle, the Judge found that on the
facts of the present case, the EJC properly construed did not apply to a
dispute arising from the LTIP. Accordingly, there was no good arguable case
that the dispute in OS 1215 fell within the EJC: GD at [28]–[45].

22 Turning to the Spiliada test, the Judge found that the relevant connecting
factors pointed to Germany as the more appropriate forum. Significantly, the
dispute in OS 1215 was governed by German law, pursuant to the choice of law
clause in the Plan Terms (see [14] above). The fact that (a) members of the
ACP Management Board and the ACP Compensation Committee were compellable in
Germany but not in Singapore; and (b) the administration of the Incentive Plan
was likely conducted out of ACP’s headquarters in Germany, were also factors
that indicated Germany to be the more appropriate forum. Accordingly, the
Judge allowed RA 101 and granted a stay of the proceedings in OS 1215: GD at
[46]–[72].

The parties’ cases

23 ACP-S appeals against the Judge’s decision. ACP-S makes four main arguments
in the present appeal:

(a) First, ACP-S submits that on a proper construction of the EJC, there is a
good arguable case that the EJC applies to the dispute in OS 1215. In this
regard, as we discuss further below at [26], ACP-S accepts the Judge’s finding
that the Employment Contract and the LTIP are separate agreements, and that
the dispute in OS 1215 arises out of the LTIP rather than the Employment
Contract. Nevertheless, ACP-S highlights that the wording of the EJC is not
limited to disputes “arising from” the Employment Contract, and instead
applies to “any dispute”. The EJC is therefore sufficiently broad to apply to
disputes arising out of the LTIP.

(b) Second, ACP-S submits that applying the Principle, the Judge should have
accorded the EJC a broad interpretation, such that it covers the dispute in OS
1215.

(c) Third, ACP-S submits that Ms Goh has not shown strong cause why the
proceedings in OS 1215 should be stayed in contravention of the EJC.

(d) Finally, and in any event, ACP-S takes the position that applying the
Spiliada test, the Judge should have found Singapore to be the more
appropriate forum.

24 Ms Goh submits that the Judge’s reasoning should be upheld, and that this
appeal should therefore be dismissed.

Issues to be determined

25 Based on the foregoing, the following issues arise for determination:

(a) Does the dispute in OS 1215 fall within the scope of the EJC?

(b) If (a) is answered in the affirmative, is there strong cause why the
proceedings in OS 1215 should be stayed in contravention of the EJC?

(c) If (a) is answered in the negative, what is the more appropriate forum for
the dispute in OS 1215 to be heard?

Whether the dispute in OS 1215 falls within the scope of the EJC

26 We begin by noting that it is not disputed that ACP-S, as the party relying
on the EJC, needs to establish that there is a “good arguable case” that the
dispute in OS 1215 falls within the scope of the EJC: see Vinmar Overseas
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v PTT International Trading Pte Ltd [2018] 2 SLR 1271
(“Vinmar”) at [41]. Further, it appears that the parties proceeded before the
Judge on the basis that the Employment Contract and the LTIP were separate
agreements. This much is clear from the fact that the arguments canvassed
below revolved around whether the dispute in OS 1215 arose out of the
Employment Contract or the LTIP, and whether the EJC in the Employment
Contract could be interpreted to apply to disputes arising out of another
contract (ie, the LTIP). On appeal, as we have noted at [23(a)] above, ACP-S
has made its case on a similar premise, in so far as it accepts the Judge’s
finding that the Employment Contract and the LTIP are separate agreements, and
that the dispute in OS 1215 arises out of the LTIP. ACP-S also relies on the
Principle, which, as noted above at [21], pertains to when a jurisdiction
clause in one contract may be construed as applying to disputes arising out of
another contract.

27 However, in our view, it is imperative to first consider whether the
Employment Contract and the LTIP are indeed separate contracts. The reason is
simple – if the LTIP were simply an annexure or a supplement to the Employment
Contract, such that it in fact forms part of the Employment Contract, it would
be moot to have recourse to the Principle, which governs the interpretation of
jurisdiction clauses in situations where there is more than one contract. In
such a situation, whether the dispute in OS 1215 falls within the scope of the
EJC would simply be a matter of interpreting the Employment Contract and the
LTIP as a single agreement. We therefore turn to consider this issue first.

Whether the Employment Contract and the LTIP are separate contracts

28 As noted at [9] above, it is common ground that Ms Goh’s participation in
the Incentive Plan was pursuant to cl 2.5 of the Employment Contract. Further,
it appears that the parties anticipated that cl 2.5 would be supplemented by
terms contained in other documents, as cl 2.5 expressly states that the
employee “may participate in the carried interest program … subject to the
details to be provided in separate agreements and notices by ACP” [emphasis
added]. Thus, despite the reference to “separate agreements” in cl 2.5, there
may perhaps be some argument that the LTIP is in substance a document
supplemental to the Employment Contract, in that it merely serves to provide
the details of the carried interest programme mentioned in cl 2.5 without
creating obligations between the parties under a separate agreement. That
being said, we are ultimately disinclined towards this view, for the reasons
set out below.

29 First, we note that under the Incentive Plan, Plan Participants are
required to separately agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the
plan, ie, the Plan Terms. As referred to at [10] above, cl 3.2 of the Plan
Terms expressly states that a Plan Participant only acquires an Incentive
Award upon ACP’s receipt of his/her agreement to be bound by the Plan Terms:

3.2 Issue of Award Notice

At the latest in March of a given year, the ACP Management Board will send the
Award Notices to each Plan Participant. Only upon receipt by the Company of
the Plan Participant’s confirmation that she or he agrees to be bound by the
rules of the Plan and agrees to accept the Incentive Awards, a Plan
Participant acquires such Incentive Awards subject to the provisions of the
Plan.

30 Likewise, the template Award Notice found in Schedule 2 to the Plan Terms,
as well as the Award Notices issued to Ms Goh, each state as follows:

Please sign and return the enclosed duplicate of this letter, as a
confirmation that you agree to be bound by the rules of the Plan and agree to
accept the Incentive Award …

31 In our view, it is clear from the above that the parties did not intend for
the LTIP to merely be a supplemental document to the Employment Contract. Had
this been the case, there would have been no need to require Ms Goh to
separately agree to be bound by the Plan Terms, or for payment of the
Incentive Awards to be conditional upon such agreement. We find it clear from
the documentation that the interplay between the Employment Contract and the
LTIP was as follows – while Ms Goh was eligible to receive an offer (by the
Award Notice) to participate in the Incentive Plan (a carried interest
programme) pursuant to cl 2.5 of the Employment Contract, her participation in
the Incentive Plan was nonetheless contingent on her concluding a separate
agreement (ie, the LTIP) by signing the Award Notice accepting the Plan Terms.
This is broadly consistent with the language of cl 2.5 of the Employment
Contract, which references the Incentive Plan as being subject to details to
be provided in separate agreements and notices by ACP. Viewed in this light,
the reasonable conclusion is that the Employment Contract and the LTIP are
separate agreements.

32 Second, we find it significant that the Employment Contract and the LTIP
each contains an entire agreement clause (see [8] and [14] above), and have
differing choice of law clauses (see [7] and [14] above). Had the parties
intended for the LTIP to be part of the Employment Contract, one would not
have expected each to contain its own entire agreement clause and choice of
law clause. Indeed, if the Employment Contract and the LTIP were part of one
contract, it would be unusual for different choices of law to apply. We
therefore consider that these indicia point in favour of the Employment
Contract and the LTIP being separate agreements.

33 Finally, while we do not consider this to be itself conclusive, we also
note that the Employment Contract and the LTIP contain differing provisions on
how variations may be made. On one hand, cl 7.4 of the Employment Contract
provides that any modifications or amendments “shall become effective only if
done in writing and signed by both parties”. In contrast, cll 7.1 and 7.2 of
the Plan Terms permit variations to be made to the Plan Terms without the
consent of Plan Participants in certain circumstances. Again, this does
suggest that the two agreements are separate.

34 In the circumstances, we are of the view that the Employment Contract and
the LTIP are correctly regarded as separate agreements. This was the Judge’s
conclusion: see GD at [27]. It follows that the question of whether the
dispute in OS 1215 falls within the scope of the EJC engages the question of
the applicability of the Principle, which we turn to consider next.

The Principle

35 In the seminal case of Fiona Trust & Holding Corporation and others v
Privalov and others [2007] 4 All ER 951 (“Fiona Trust”), the question before
the House of Lords was whether as a matter of construction, an arbitration
clause in a standard form charterparty applied to disputes over whether the
charter had been procured by bribery. The House of Lords answered the question
in the affirmative. Lord Hoffmann, with whom the other members agreed,
observed that the time had come for a “fresh start” to be made on the
construction of arbitration clauses (at [12]). In particular, Lord Hoffmann
noted that the construction of arbitration clauses should begin from the
following presumption (at [13]):

In my opinion the construction of an arbitration clause should start from the
assumption that the parties, as rational businessmen, are likely to have
intended any dispute arising out of the relationship into which they have
entered or purported to enter to be decided by the same tribunal. The clause
should be construed in accordance with this presumption unless the language
makes it clear that certain questions were intended to be excluded from the
arbitrator's jurisdiction. As Longmore LJ remarked, at [17]: ‘[i]f any
businessman did want to exclude disputes about the validity of a contract, it
would be comparatively easy to say so.’

[emphasis added]

36 The Fiona Trust presumption has since been adopted by our courts. In Larsen
Oil and Gas Pte Ltd v Petroprod Ltd (in official liquidation in the Cayman
Islands and in compulsory liquidation in Singapore) [2011] 3 SLR 414, the
Court of Appeal was concerned with whether certain claims which were based on
the avoidance provisions in the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) and the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) fell within the scope of an arbitration
agreement entered into by the parties. The court ultimately found such claims
to be outside the scope of the arbitration agreement and in any event, non-
arbitrable. Nevertheless, the court cited Fiona Trust with approval, and
accordingly started its analysis from the premise that “an arbitration clause
should be construed widely so as to include all disputes relating to the
contract … unless the language used in the arbitration clause clearly excludes
the particular dispute” (at [14]).

37 Further, in Bunge SA and another v Shrikant Bhasi and other appeals [2020]
2 SLR 1223 (“Bunge”), the Court of Appeal endorsed the application of the
Fiona Trust presumption to the interpretation of jurisdiction clauses. In
Bunge, the parties had entered into various back-to-back contracts, each of
which contained an exclusive jurisdiction clause that applied to disputes
“arising out of or in connection with” the respective contracts. The question
was whether these clauses were broad enough to encompass disputes arising from
pre-contractual conduct. In holding that they were, the Court of Appeal
observed as follows (at [37]):

37 In more recent times, however, the courts have recognised an important
overarching principle – that the wording of arbitration and jurisdiction
clauses should be given a broad or generous interpretation, based on the
presumption that rational businessmen are likely to have intended that all the
questions which arise out of the relationship which they have entered into or
purported to enter into, are to be submitted to the same forum: Fiona Trust &
Holding Corporation v Privalov [2007] 4 All ER 951 (‘Fiona Trust’), endorsed
in Rals International Pte Ltd v Cassa di Risparmio di Parma e Piacenza SpA
[2016] 5 SLR 455 at [30]. Although Fiona Trust was concerned with an
arbitration clause, the principle applies equally to jurisdiction clauses:
Adrian Briggs & Peter Rees, Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments (Informa Law, 5th
Ed, 2009) at pp 433–434. …

38 It can be seen from Bunge that our courts have applied the Fiona Trust
presumption to what might be termed “single contract scenarios”, where the
ambit of the jurisdiction clause in a single contract is expanded to apply to
disputes that do not arise directly out of any contract (eg, disputes over
pre-contractual conduct, as was the case in Bunge). The present matter,
however, concerns the applicability of the Fiona Trust presumption to a multi-
contract scenario, where the relevant question is whether a jurisdiction
clause in one contract (“Contract A”) may be read as applying to disputes
arising out of another contract (“Contract B”).

39 The Judge observed in the GD at [33] that Singapore courts have yet to
extend the Fiona Trust principle to multi-contract disputes. With respect,
this may not be entirely correct. We note, for instance, that in Trisuryo
Garuda Nusa Pte Ltd v SKP Pradiksi (North) Sdn Bhd and another and another
appeal [2017] 2 SLR 814 (“Trisuryo”), the Court of Appeal appeared to apply
the Fiona Trust presumption in the context of a multi-contract dispute. In
that case, the parties had entered into two deeds for a Singapore special
purpose vehicle, Trisuryo Garuda Nusa Pte Ltd (“TGN”), to purchase shares held
by two Malaysian investment holding companies (the “SKP Companies”). Each of
the deeds contained an exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of Indonesia.
The SKP Companies, however, alleged that they had also separately entered into
an oral agreement with TGN for it to hold the shares on trust for them. The
SKP Companies subsequently commenced action in Singapore (“Suit 252”),
claiming that TGN had breached the oral agreement. The question before the
Court of Appeal was thus whether the exclusive jurisdiction clauses in the
deeds covered the dispute in Suit 252, which appeared to be based on the oral
agreement. In answering this question in the affirmative, the Court of Appeal
referred to Fiona Trust and concluded that it was “unlikely in the extreme
that the parties intended to have courts in two different jurisdictions hear
such closely related disputes” (at [79]).

40 It thus seems to us that our courts have applied the Fiona Trust
presumption in a multi-contract situation. As we explain further at [41]
below, the applicability of the Fiona Trust presumption to multi-contract
situations forms the basis for what has been termed the “Extended Fiona Trust
Principle” in English law. It appears, however, that our courts have
previously not had the opportunity to consider the Principle and whether it
should be accepted as part of Singapore law. As the question of the
application of the Fiona Trust presumption in a multi-contract situation
arises squarely in the present appeal, it presents us with the opportunity to
consider the Principle, and its applicability. We trace the evolution of the
Principle in English law below.

41 Following the decision in Fiona Trust, the English courts applied the Fiona
Trust presumption to multi-contract disputes in a series of cases. In AmTrust
Europe Ltd v Trust Risk Group SpA [2016] 1 All ER (Comm) 325 (“AmTrust”),
Beatson LJ (sitting in the English Court of Appeal) explained that the Fiona
Trust presumption remains a useful starting point in multi-contract scenarios,
where the two contracts in question do not contain competing jurisdiction
clauses, as follows (at [45]–[46]):

45 [Fiona Trust] concerned the scope of a single arbitration clause. This case
concerns an overall agreement package which contains two express choice of law
and jurisdiction clauses, one of English law and jurisdiction, the other of
Italian law and arbitration. Mr Samek submitted that, although the present
case is not about the scope of a single arbitration clause, the Fiona Trust
‘one-stop'/'one jurisdiction’ presumption remains a useful starting point. In
principle, and subject to the qualification in the next paragraph, I agree. As
Lord Collins stated in UBS AG v HSH Nordbank AG [2010] 1 All ER (Comm) 727 at
[84], where the agreements are all connected and part of one package,
‘sensible business people would not have intended that a dispute of this kind
would have been within the scope of two inconsistent jurisdiction agreements’.

46 Where the overall contractual arrangements contain two or more differently
expressed choices of jurisdiction and/or law in respect of different
agreements, however, the position differs in that one does not approach the
construction of those arrangements with a presumption. So, the fourteenth
edition of Dicey, Morris and Collins on the Conflict of Laws stated:

‘[T]he decision in Fiona Trust has limited application to the questions which
arise where parties are bound by several contracts which contain jurisdiction
agreements for different countries. There is no presumption that a
jurisdiction (or arbitration) agreement in contract A, even if expressed in
wide language, was intended to capture disputes in contract B; the question is
entirely one of construction …’ (Paragraph 12–094.)

[emphasis added]

42 Accordingly, the English courts have utilised the Fiona Trust presumption
to construe a jurisdiction clause in Contract A as applying to disputes
arising out of Contract B, where Contract B does not contain a jurisdiction
clause. Examples of such cases include Altera Absolute Global Master Fund v
Sapinda Invest SARL [2018] 1 All ER (Comm) 71 (“Altera”) and Etihad Airways
PJSC v Flöther [2020] 2 WLR 333 (“Etihad”). We discuss these cases further
below at [60]–[61]. Subsequently, in Terre Neuve SARL (a company incorporated
in France) and others v Yewdale Ltd and others [2020] EWHC 772 (Comm) (“Terre
Neuve”), Bryan J (sitting in the English High Court) took stock of the case
law and distilled the circumstances under which, as a matter of construction,
a jurisdiction clause in one contract (Contract A) may be interpreted to
extend to another contract (Contract B) (at [31]). These observations were
referred to by Bryan J as the “Extended Fiona Trust Principle” (ie, the
Principle) and are reproduced at length in the GD at [34]. For present
purposes, we adopt the Judge’s summary of the Principle, as follows (GD at
[35]):

(a) As a matter of contractual interpretation, the wording of the clause in
Contract A must be fairly capable of applying to disputes in Contract B.

(b) The Principle normally applies where:

(i) the parties to Contract A and Contract B are the same;

(ii) Contract A and Contract B are interdependent;

(iii) Contract A and Contract B were concluded at the same time as part of a
single package or transaction; and/or

(iv) Contract A and Contract B dealt with the same subject matter (if
concluded at different times).

43 As noted above at [40], while we do not regard the application of the Fiona
Trust principle to multi-contract scenarios to be something entirely new in
our case law, it appears that this is the first matter in which the Singapore
courts have had the opportunity to consider the Principle as formulated in
Terre Neuve. We make it clear that the Principle should not be confused with
the principles governing the incorporation of an arbitration or jurisdiction
clause found in Contract A, into Contract B. As stated in Terre Neuve at
[31(1)], the Principle is “based on the construction of the relevant
jurisdiction clause [in Contract A] … it is not based on an implication or
implied incorporation of the jurisdiction clause from Contract A into a
related contract [ie, Contract B]”. Neither is the Principle based on a
modification or variation of Contract B. For this reason, we are unable to
agree with ACP-S’s submission that the cases of International Research Corp
PLC v Lufthansa Systems Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and another [2014] 1 SLR 130
(“International Research”) and Econ Piling Pte Ltd v NCC International AB
[2007] SGHC 17 (“Econ Piling”) necessarily demonstrate that the Principle is
already well established in Singapore case law. In our view, it is clear that
the main issue in International Research was whether the arbitration clause in
an earlier agreement had been incorporated into a subsequent agreement (at
[18], [34] and [53]), while the main issue in Econ Piling was whether a
jurisdiction clause in a subsequent agreement had superseded or varied an
arbitration clause in an earlier agreement (at [10]). These cases therefore
did not involve an application of the Principle.

44 That being said, we note that International Research and Econ Piling both
support the proposition that where the same parties have entered into two
closely-related agreements, it may be fairly assumed that they would have
intended for disputes arising out of either agreement to be resolved by the
same dispute resolution provision: see International Research at [44] and Econ
Piling at [17]. This, in material ways, mirrors the rationale underlying the
Principle as set out in AmTrust by Beatson LJ at [45] (see [41] above), that
where two agreements are connected and part of the same package, it is
unlikely that sensible businessmen would have intended for disputes arising
from either agreement to be resolved in separate jurisdictions or fora.

45 We are of the view that there is good reason to accept the Principle. In
our judgment, we find that the Principle provides a sound and useful framework
for determining the proper ambit of a jurisdiction clause in multi-contract
scenarios. We agree with the premise underlying the Principle articulated in
AmTrust at [45], which we have referred to above at [44]. The Principle is a
logical extension from the reasoning in Fiona Trust, which as noted at
[36]–[37] above, has been endorsed by our courts on multiple occasions. The
Fiona Trust presumption has also been applied to a multi-contract situation by
our courts in Trisuryo (see above at [39]–[40]). Ultimately, the scope of a
jurisdiction clause is a matter of contractual interpretation, as informed by
the intentions of the parties, undertaken in accordance with the approach
enunciated by the Court of Appeal in Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029. We
consider the factors comprising the Principle (as set out at [42] above) to be
a useful litmus test of whether the parties intended for a jurisdiction clause
in one contract to encompass disputes arising out of another contract.

46 Nevertheless, we must stress that the factors set out at [42] above only
serve as guides to ascertain the parties’ intentions as to how disputes
arising under separate agreements should be resolved. In the final analysis,
the question that must be asked is whether the outcome that results from the
application of the Principle was one that the parties, as rational business
people, had sensibly envisaged in the context of their commercial
relationship.

47 Before leaving this point, we make a final observation. We have excluded
from our analysis situations where the two agreements in question contain
competing jurisdiction clauses. As may be seen from [41] above, it was
observed in AmTrust that the Fiona Trust presumption does not apply in such a
scenario. As a matter of contractual interpretation, it would seem difficult
to conclude in such a scenario that the jurisdiction clause in one contract
could be said to apply to disputes arising from the other. That being said,
these are not the facts before us – on the present facts, only the Employment
Contract contains an EJC, with the LTIP silent as to jurisdiction. We
therefore do not consider it necessary to comment further.

48 With these considerations in mind, we turn to consider the application of
the Principle to the facts in the present appeal.

Application of the Principle to the present appeal

49 The Judge found that applying the Principle, the EJC in the Employment
Contract could not be construed as applying to disputes arising out of the
LTIP. The Judge’s reasoning may be summarised as follows:

(a) First, the Judge considered that the wording of the EJC was incapable of
applying to disputes arising from the LTIP. The surrounding context in the
Employment Contract also indicated that disputes arising from the LTIP were
not governed by the EJC: GD at [37].

(b) Second, the Employment Contract and the LTIP were not concluded at the
same time as part of a single package or transaction. Clause 2.5 of the
Employment Contract “delinked and excised” matters relating to the LTIP from
the Employment Contract: GD at [38].

(c) Third, the LTIP dealt with an entirely different subject matter from the
Employment Contract. The LTIP governed a specific part of Ms Goh’s employment
relationship with ACP-S, while the Employment Contract governed Ms Goh’s
rights and obligations as an employee of ACP-S: GD at [39].

(d) Fourth, the Employment Contract and the LTIP were not interdependent in
the same way contemplated in the cases of Etihad and Altera: GD at [40]–[43].

(e) Fifth, the Judge was not persuaded that the Employment Contract and the
LTIP were concluded between the same parties, as the Employment Contract
appeared to treat ACP and ACP-S as separate parties: GD at [44].

50 With respect, we are unable to agree with the Judge. At the outset, we
highlight that the upshot of the Judge’s reasoning, and Ms Goh’s position in
the present appeal, is that the parties had agreed for disputes arising out of
the same employment relationship and the same carried interest programme to be
fragmented between separate fora. To illustrate, on this basis, had there been
a dispute over Ms Goh’s eligibility to be offered participation in a carried
interest programme such as the Incentive Plan under cl 2.5 of the Employment
Contract, this would have been subject to the EJC; whereas any dispute over Ms
Goh’s substantive entitlements under the LTIP would fall outside the scope of
the EJC. Such bifurcation elides commercial sense and could not have been the
intention of the parties as rational business people. In a similar vein, we
consider that it must have been the reasonable expectation of the parties that
Ms Goh would be able to resolve all disputes pertaining to her employment,
including disputes over the benefits that would accrue to her, in one forum.
In this regard, the fact that Ms Goh was at all material times employed in
Singapore speaks to why the EJC specifically identified Singapore as that
forum. In this light, we do not see how it could have been the intention of
the parties to resolve disputes under the LTIP in a forum other than
Singapore. There is very little in the language of the Employment Contract or
the LTIP that stands in the way of this conclusion.

51 In our judgment, applying the Principle, it must have been the case that
the parties intended the EJC to apply to disputes arising out of the LTIP. We
address each of the factors comprising the Principle in turn to underscore the
point.

The wording of the EJC is capable of applying to disputes under the LTIP

52 First, we consider that the text of the EJC is capable of applying to
disputes arising from the LTIP. In this regard, we respectfully do not share
the Judge’s following observation:

37 … The EJC stipulates that any dispute arising from ‘this Agreement’
[emphasis added] (ie, the Employment Contract) is to be referred to the
Singapore courts for determination under Singapore law. …

53 Clause 7.3 of the Employment Contract has two parts. The first concerns the
choice of law and provides that any dispute arising from the Employment
Contract shall be determined in accordance with Singapore law. The second
part, the EJC, is not limited in the same manner, ie, to disputes that arise
from the Employment Contract. Instead, it states that “Singapore shall be the
sole forum to which any dispute shall be referred to” [emphasis added]. It
appears that the Judge was influenced by the language of the choice of law
clause in interpreting the breadth of the EJC. However, that would be to
ignore the fact that the limiting language in the choice of law clause is
notably absent in the EJC. It has to be remembered that the choice of law
clause and the EJC serve different purposes and that for the purpose of the
Principle, it is only the language of the latter that is pertinent. In our
view, the scope of the EJC is not necessarily limited to disputes arising out
of the Employment Contract and can be read as applying to disputes arising
from the LTIP.

54 Ms Goh submits that the phrase “any dispute” in the EJC should nonetheless
be construed to refer only to any dispute under the Employment Contract. We do
not see any compelling reason for departing from the plain wording of the EJC,
and for reading additional words into the clause. On the contrary, we consider
that it is likely that the parties deliberately worded the EJC broadly, so
that it would apply to disputes arising out of related agreements such as the
LTIP, for the reason that they would have reasonably intended for all disputes
concerning Ms Goh’s employment to be resolved in one forum. In this regard, it
is pertinent that the LTIP does not provide for a choice of jurisdiction
clause. This is consonant with the view that the EJC was intended to be the
applicable jurisdiction clause.

55 Ultimately, it must be remembered that Ms Goh’s participation in carried
interest programmes, such as the Incentive Plan, was contemplated at the time
of entry into the Employment Contract. Indeed, cl 2.5 of the Employment
Contract contemplated entry into a separate agreement such as the LTIP. In
such circumstances, it would require clear language to suggest that the
parties did not intend for the EJC to apply to disputes arising from
agreements that relate to those programmes. We expand on this point below at
[63].

56 In a similar vein, we respectfully disagree with the Judge that the EJC
must necessarily be construed to apply only to disputes under the Employment
Contract, simply because the LTIP is referred to as a “separate” agreement in
cl 2.5 of the Employment Contract (see GD at [37]). In our view, as we explain
shortly, the phrase “separate agreements” in cl 2.5 does not detract from the
fact that the Employment Contract and the LTIP are ultimately interdependent
agreements and should therefore be read holistically.

The Employment Contract and the LTIP are interdependent agreements

57 In our view, one of the most significant factors in favour of ACP-S’s
position is that the Employment Contract and the LTIP are interdependent
agreements, which were negotiated as part of the same overall package. At the
outset, we highlight that both agreements clearly pertain to the employment
relationship between Ms Goh and ACP-S, and in particular, Ms Goh’s
compensation package as an ACP-S employee. This much is clear from the fact
that the source of Ms Goh’s right to participate in the Incentive Plan is
found in cl 2.5 of the Employment Contract, alongside provisions governing her
basic salary (cl 2.3), her performance bonus (cl 2.4), and her annual leave
(cl 2.6). Accordingly, even if the LTIP itself was signed at a later point in
time, we consider that the Incentive Plan was arguably part of the
compensation package negotiated at the time of signing the Employment
Contract. Put another way, as we have noted above at [55], the Employment
Contract contemplated the parties’ entry into an agreement such as the LTIP,
which clearly shows that these were interrelated and interconnected
agreements.

58 Indeed, Ms Goh’s continued employment with ACP-S is also expressly stated
as a condition of her participation in the Incentive Plan and her entitlement
to Incentive Awards. In this regard, cl 1.2 of the Plan Terms defines “Plan
Participants” as follows:

‘Plan Participants’ means with regard to each Vintage the persons who have
been Eligible ACP Board Members or ACP Investment Professionals for at least
six months during the year to which the Vintage pertains and who have neither
ceased to be an Eligible ACP Board Member or an ACP Investment Professional
nor given notice of termination of her or his employment or office or signed a
termination agreement in such year or prior thereto …

[emphasis in bold in original; emphasis added in italics]

59 Consequently, Ms Goh’s participation in the Incentive Plan was conditional
upon her continued employment under the Employment Contract. Further, her
entitlement to retain vested and accrue unvested Incentive Awards was
dependent on her classification as a “Good Leaver”, “Bad Leaver” or “Normal
Leaver”, which was dictated at least in part by the circumstances surrounding
the termination of her employment (see the definitions of these terms above at
[13]).

60 In our view, it is clear that the Employment Contract and the LTIP were
interdependent in the manner contemplated by the cases of Altera and Etihad.
In Altera, the parties had entered into two agreements for the defendant to
buy back shares from the claimant: (a) an oral agreement on 26 August 2016
(the “Sale Agreement”); and (b) a written agreement on 31 August 2016 (the
“Second Option Agreement”). The English High Court found that these two
agreements were interdependent, and that therefore a non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause in the Second Option Agreement applied to disputes arising
from the Sale Agreement (at [21]–[22]). In doing so, the court noted (among
other things) that the two agreements had been discussed simultaneously and to
that extent were in respect of the same package, and that the claimant’s
agreement to enter into the Second Option Agreement had been conditional on
the purchase of shares under the Sale Agreement (at [20]). As explained above,
it is clear that in the present case, Ms Goh’s entitlement to participate in
the Incentive Plan was likewise conditional upon her employment with ACP-S,
with both agreements collectively reflecting her compensation package as an
employee. Further, Ms Goh’s entitlement to vested and unvested Incentive
Awards was determined (at least in part) by the circumstances of the cessation
of her employment, meaning that the retention of these benefits was
conditional upon the reason for the termination of her employment.

61 In Etihad, the question before the court was whether a jurisdiction clause
in a facility agreement (the “Facility Agreement”) could be interpreted to
apply to a dispute arising out of a comfort letter (the “Comfort Letter”),
which did not contain a competing jurisdiction clause. In finding that the
jurisdiction clause in the Facility Agreement could be so construed, the court
in Etihad observed that the Comfort Letter and Facility Agreement were part of
an overall support package provided by the claimant to a German airline, and
that the commercial background showed that the two documents were very closely
connected (at [72] and [83]). Similar observations may be made about the facts
in the present appeal – we find it evident that the Employment Contract and
the LTIP arise from the same commercial background (ie, the employment
relationship between Ms Goh and ACP-S). The two agreements are therefore
closely connected and part of the same overall package.

62 We note that in holding that the Employment Contract and the LTIP could not
form part of a single package, the Judge below placed weight on the fact that
cl 2.5 of the Employment Contract provides that Ms Goh’s participation in the
Incentive Plan is “subject to the details to be provided in separate
agreements and notices by ACP with regard to such carried interest program”
[emphasis added]. The Judge concluded that this clause effectively “delinked
and excised matters relating to the LTIP from the Employment Contract” (GD at
[38]; see above at [49(b)]). With respect, we are unable to agree. The phrase
“separate agreements and notices” must be read in the context of the entirety
of cl 2.5. In our view, the language of cl 2.5 suggests that the parties had
envisioned their contractual relationship as a composite arrangement, where
the overall employment relationship would be governed by the Employment
Contract, but details of specific parts of the employment relationship
(namely, Ms Goh’s participation in carried interest programmes) would be
fleshed out in separate agreements such as the LTIP. Put another way, as we
have explained above at [31], cl 2.5 of the Employment Contract governed Ms
Goh’s eligibility to participate in the Incentive Plan, while the LTIP set out
her substantive rights and obligations under the Incentive Plan. Seen in this
light, it becomes clear why the phrase “separate agreements” was used in the
wording of cl 2.5, and that cl 2.5 of the Employment Contract and the LTIP
were meant to work in tandem rather than in a delinked and excised manner.

63 Returning to the language of the EJC, we consider that the above context
also suggests that the parties had deliberately opted to word the EJC broadly.
This is a point we have addressed earlier at [54]–[55]. Taking into account
the fact that the parties had envisioned their employment relationship to be
governed by interdependent agreements, and bearing in mind that the LTIP did
not provide for a jurisdiction clause (an observation that has been made at
[54] above), it is apparent to us that the parties’ intention was to have one
jurisdiction clause (ie, the EJC) govern any dispute arising out of the
employment relationship. In the circumstances, it is unarguable that the EJC
must correctly be construed as applying to disputes arising from the LTIP.

The Employment Contract and the LTIP concern the same subject matter

64 Third, our conclusion is also fortified by the fact that the Employment
Contract and the LTIP traverse the same subject matter. As noted above at
[49(c)], the Judge found that the Employment Contract and the LTIP concerned
different subject matter, as the LTIP pertained to “a specific part of their
employment relationship which the parties had thought fit to carve out” (GD at
[39]). We do not share this view. Given our observations above at [57] that
the Employment Contract and the LTIP are in fact part of the same overall
package, it follows that they concern the same subject matter (namely, Ms
Goh’s compensation package). While it may be the case that the LTIP pertains
to a specific part of the employment relationship, we do not consider it
meaningful to draw a distinction between the Employment Contract and the LTIP
as such. In our view, such a distinction would not reflect the reality of the
commercial relationship between the parties for the reasons stated earlier.

65 Moreover, a court must bear in mind the rationale underlying the Principle,
which as noted in AmTrust (per Beatson LJ at [45]), is that sensible business
people are presumed not to have intended for their disputes to be resolved in
multiple fora (including different jurisdictions), where the disputes in
question arise out of agreements that are all connected or part of one package
(see above at [41]). Accordingly, when a court considers whether two contracts
traverse the same subject matter for the purposes of the Principle, it should
suffice that the two agreements pertain to the same overall package or subject
matter. There is no need for the subject matter of both agreements to be
identical. In our view, it is therefore sufficient that the Employment
Contract and the LTIP both pertain to the parties’ employment relationship.

66 For completeness, we also respectfully disagree with the Judge’s
observation that cl 8.5 of the Plan Terms necessarily evidences that there was
“no overlap in terms of subject matter between the two agreements, let alone
an inextricable linkage between them” (GD at [39]). Clause 8.5 of the Plan
Terms states as follows:

8.5 Employment

The rights and obligations of any individual under the terms of her or his
office or employment with any Allianz Group Company shall not be affected by
her or his participation in this Plan or any right which she or he may have to
participate in it.

67 In our view, cl 8.5 does not in fact support the Judge’s conclusion. It is
apparent that by participating in the Incentive Plan, Ms Goh’s employment with
ACP-S was not impacted. This must be so as participation in the Incentive Plan
was pursuant to the Employment Contract and conditional upon Ms Goh remaining
an employee. In this light, we find it unsurprising that cl 8.5 provides that
participation in the Incentive Plan shall not affect Ms Goh’s rights and
obligations under the Employment Contract. Clause 8.5 simply makes that
position clear. However, cl 8.5 does not mean that there was no overlap
between the two agreements, or more specifically, that provisions in the
Employment Contract could not apply to the LTIP. As explained earlier at
[58]–[59], the two agreements are inextricably linked in terms of Ms Goh’s
eligibility to participate in the Incentive Plan, and her entitlement to
retain vested Incentive Awards and accrue the benefits of unvested Incentive
Awards. Clause 8.5 does not impact that.

68 We therefore do not regard cl 8.5 as a bar to applying the EJC to the LTIP.

The Employment Contract and the LTIP were concluded between the same parties

69 Fourth and finally, we also note that the parties to the Employment
Contract and the LTIP are the same. We respectfully disagree with the Judge
that it can be said that the Employment Contract was concluded between Ms Goh
and ACP-S, while the LTIP was concluded between Ms Goh and ACP.

70 As a starting point, no legal or meaningful distinction can be drawn
between ACP and ACP-S as the latter is a branch of the former. They were
therefore one and the same entity. As the Judge observed, it is trite that a
local branch office is considered an extension of its foreign parent company,
and not a separate legal entity: TMT Co Ltd v The Royal Bank of Scotland plc
(trading as RBS Greenwich Futures) and others [2018] 3 SLR 70 at [53].
Consequently, we do not think that anything can be made of the fact that the
Employment Contract appears to distinguish between ACP and ACP-S, by referring
to the former as “ACP” and the latter as “the COMPANY”. Nor do we find it
material that the Employment Contract was expressed as being between ACP-S and
Ms Goh, while the LTIP was expressed to have been concluded between ACP and Ms
Goh (see the GD at [44]).

71 Further, it does not appear that the parties made any distinction between
ACP-S and ACP in practice. As we have noted at [11] above, while cl 2.5 of the
Employment Contract and cl 3.2 of the Plan Terms provide for the Award Notices
to be issued by ACP, the Award Notices to Ms Goh were in fact issued on
ACP-S’s letterhead. Ms Goh then duly signed these Award Notices, thus entering
into the LTIP. Thus, neither ACP nor ACP-S regarded it as material who issued
the Award Notice. This is significant as the Award Notice was the offer to Ms
Goh to enter into the LTIP. If it were critical from the point of contracting
that the Award Notice had to come from ACP, one would not expect to see that
notice being issued by ACP-S.

72 In a similar vein, we highlight that the preamble to the Plan Terms states
that the Incentive Plan was adopted to enable “selected employees of the
Company or ACP US [to] be entitled to participate in the Performance Fee that
the Company receives” [emphasis added]. Clause 1.2 of the Plan Terms defines
“Company” to refer to “Allianz Capital Partners GmbH or any successor or
assignee” (ie, ACP), and “ACP US” to refer to Allianz Capital Partners of
America Inc. Given that Ms Goh was clearly not an employee of Allianz Capital
Partners of America Inc, it follows that she was eligible to participate in
the Incentive Plan in her capacity as an employee of ACP, notwithstanding that
she was an employee of ACP-S under the Employment Contract. This is consistent
with the earlier analysis at [58]–[59] above that Ms Goh’s eligibility to
participate in the Incentive Plan was conditional on her being an employee of
ACP-S, under the Employment Contract with ACP-S. Clearly therefore, for the
purpose of the Plan Terms, employees of ACP-S were treated as employees of
ACP.

73 In our view, the parties perceived ACP and ACP-S to be one and the same
entity. This reinforces our conclusion that the Employment Contract and the
LTIP were meant to be interdependent rather than distinct contracts.

74 Finally, we recognise that OS 1215 and the present appeal were brought by
ACP-S and not ACP. However, for the reasons set out above, nothing turns on
this as ACP and ACP-S are one party.

75 Drawing the above threads together, we are of the view that the EJC is
capable of applying to disputes arising from the LTIP and ought to be
construed as such. The Employment Contract and the LTIP are interdependent
contracts between the same parties that concern the same subject matter. In
the final analysis, the ultimate question must be whether the parties intended
for the EJC to apply to disputes arising from the LTIP. As we have noted above
at [50], the logical implication of the Judge’s reasoning is that the parties
had intended for disputes arising out of their relationship to be fragmented
across multiple jurisdictions, in circumstances when Ms Goh had been based out
of Singapore at all material times, and likely had a reasonable expectation
that she would be able to resolve all disputes pertaining to her employment in
Singapore (in accordance with the EJC). We do not see how this could have been
the intention of the parties, as rational persons. In the circumstances, we
are left with no doubt that the EJC applies to disputes arising from the LTIP.

Final observations

76 We round off by making two final observations. First, for the avoidance of
doubt, we highlight that our analysis is not affected by the fact that the
Employment Contract and the LTIP contain different choices of law. In our
view, the different choice of law provisions are explicable on the basis that
on the one hand, the Incentive Plan was offered to ACP employees not just in
Singapore and appeared to be managed out of ACP’s headquarters in Germany;
while on the other, the Employment Contract was a bilateral contract concluded
between ACP’s Singapore branch (ie, ACP-S) and an employee in Singapore (ie,
Ms Goh). While we have noted at [32] above that we would have found it odd for
there to be two choices of law in the same contract, we do not find that to be
an issue here as the Employment Contract and the LTIP are separate albeit
interdependent agreements.

77 Second, we do not consider our analysis to be affected by the fact that the
Employment Contract and the LTIP each contain an entire agreement clause. We
note that Ms Goh has not relied on the entire agreement clause in the LTIP as
a reason why the EJC should not apply to disputes arising from the LTIP. In
any event, we note that the effect of an entire agreement clause is ultimately
a matter of construction: Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others and
another appeal [2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 at [35]. In the present case, for the
reasons stated at [50]–[75] above, we do not think that it could have been the
intention of the parties for the entire agreement clause in the LTIP to
preclude the application of the EJC, such that disputes arising out of the
parties’ relationship would potentially be fragmented across multiple
jurisdictions.

78 In this regard, we note that the entire agreement clause in the LTIP states
that “[t]his Plan constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes any previous
agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Plan”
[emphasis added]. It may thus be the case that the entire agreement clause
only operates to supersede any prior agreement pertaining to the substantive
obligations of the parties under the LTIP. Alternatively, given that the LTIP
and the Employment Contract were part of the same composite arrangement and
overall package, and the LTIP served to flesh out details of a specific part
of the employment relationship (as we have explained at [62] above), it may
well be the case that on a proper construction of the entire agreement clause
in the LTIP, the “entire agreement” in question should refer to the Employment
Contract read with the LTIP. There is some force in this point given that the
classification of an employee as a “Good Leaver”, “Bad Leaver” or “Normal
Leaver” is determined (at least in part) by the circumstances of the
employee’s departure from employment, thus linking the LTIP to the Employment
Contract (a point we have made earlier at [59] above). In any event, we do not
consider it necessary to resolve this point as it was not pursued by Ms Goh.

Whether a stay should be granted despite the EJC

79 Having found that the EJC applies to disputes arising from the LTIP, it
remains for us to consider whether a stay should be granted over the
proceedings in OS 1215 despite the applicability of the EJC. In this regard,
the Court of Appeal in Trisuryo set out the principles for when an exclusive
jurisdiction clause may be disregarded (at [83]):

83 In Amerco Timbers, this court set out the general rule regarding the
observance of exclusive jurisdiction agreements and also discussed the factors
which would justify disregarding them. The judgment states at [11]:

11 The law concerning an application for a stay is clear. Where a plaintiff
sues in Singapore in breach of an agreement to submit their disputes to a
foreign court, and the defendant applies to a stay, the Singapore court,
assuming the claim to be otherwise within its jurisdiction, is not bound to
grant a stay but has a discretion whether to do so or not. The court in
exercising its discretion should grant the stay and give effect to the
agreement between the parties unless strong cause is shown by the plaintiff
for not doing so. To put it in other words the plaintiff must show exceptional
circumstances amounting to strong cause for him to succeed in resisting an
application for a stay by the defendant. In exercising its discretion the
court should take into account all the circumstances of the particular case.
In particular, the court may have regard to the following matters, where they
arise:

(a) In what country the evidence on the issues of fact is situated or more
readily available, and the effect of that on the relative convenience and
expense of trial as between the Singapore and foreign courts.

(b) Whether the law of the foreign court applies and, if so, whether it
differs from Singapore law in any material respects.

(c) With what country either party is connected and, if so, how closely.

(d) Whether the defendants genuinely desire trial in the foreign country, or
are only seeking procedural advantages.

(e) Whether the plaintiffs would be prejudiced by having to sue in the foreign
court because they would:

(i) be deprived of security for their claim;

(ii) be unable to enforce any judgment obtained;

(iii) be faced with a time bar not applicable here; or

(iv) for political, racial, religious or other reasons be unlikely to get a
fair trial.

80 Ms Goh contends that there is strong cause for a stay to be granted, as she
would be prejudiced by having to sue in Singapore for the following reasons:

(a) The dispute in OS 1215 involves questions of German law and Singapore
courts would be less adept in applying German law.

(b) She would be deprived of access to the German labour court, which has
“established expertise” in labour matters.

(c) She would not have access to the European Court of Justice, and there
might “potentially” be a need to refer to and interpret the European
Convention on Human Rights (4 November 1950), 213 UNTS 221.

(d) If a German court determines that the ACP Management Board and ACP
Compensation Committee have not exercised their discretion fairly and
reasonably, a German court has the power to substitute the decision of the ACP
Management Board and ACP Compensation Committee with its own decision. If the
German court finds that there is discrimination, Ms Goh may also be entitled
to direct payment.

81 We stress that as noted in Trisuryo at [83]–[84], a party resisting the
application of an exclusive jurisdiction clause would have to show
“exceptional circumstances amounting to strong cause” why it should not be
held to its commitment to have all similar disputes decided in the agreed
forum. For instance, on the facts of Trisuryo, the Court of Appeal found that
this threshold was met as the claims brought by the SKP Companies were based
on an alleged trust agreement, but the concept of trusts was not recognised in
Indonesian law. Forcing the SKP Companies to litigate in Indonesia, pursuant
to the exclusive jurisdiction clauses, would therefore cause “clear and
compelling” prejudice in the sense that they would not be able to obtain any
remedy in the foreign court by virtue of the nature of their claim (at [100]).

82 In our judgment, we do not consider that the prejudice alleged by Ms Goh
crosses this threshold. In the first place, we note that Ms Goh does not
contend that she would be denied a remedy entirely if she were required to
resist OS 1215 – instead, her contention at [80(d)] above pertains to her not
being able to access additional remedies that would be available to a German
court. Likewise, in so far as Ms Goh submits that she would be deprived of
access to the expertise of the German labour courts, or the European Court of
Justice, we do not think that these considerations rise to the level of
exceptional circumstances justifying the disapplication of the EJC. As
observed in Vinmar at [112], factors relating to the relative convenience of
litigation in Singapore and abroad will have little weight if they were
foreseeable at the time of contracting. In our view, it would have been
reasonably apparent to Ms Goh from the EJC, at the time she entered into the
Employment Contract, that disputes in relation to any carried interest
programme such as the Incentive Plan, whether in relation to the Employment
Contract or any agreement that encapsulated the details of the carried
interest programme, would be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts. The alleged inconveniences of litigating in Singapore were
therefore foreseeable to Ms Goh.

83 We therefore find that the EJC is engaged in the present case, and there is
no strong cause for us to depart from it. Arising from this, it is not
necessary for us to consider the parties’ arguments on the application of the
Spiliada test.

Conclusion

84 In conclusion, we allow the appeal and set aside the Judge’s decision in
its entirety. The result is that OS 1215 shall proceed.

85 ACP-S submits that (a) the costs order in SUM 308 of $7,600 (inclusive of
disbursements) in favour of ACP-S should be reinstated; (b) the costs order in
RA 101 of $12,000 (inclusive of disbursements) should be reversed such that
the sum is payable by Ms Goh to ACP-S; and (c) it should be entitled to
$20,000 (inclusive of disbursements) as costs of the present appeal. We so
order as regards the costs of SUM 308 and RA 101. As regards the costs of the
appeal, we award ACP-S the sum of $15,000 (inclusive of disbursements). The
usual consequential orders are to apply.

Kannan Ramesh Debbie Ong Siew Ling

Judge of the Appellate Division Judge of the Appellate Division

Tan Tee Jim SC, Christopher James De Souza, Yan Chongshuo, Lee Junting Basil
and Darius Tan En Han (Lee & Lee) for the appellant;

Pradeep Pillai, Simren Kaur Sandhu, Wong Shi Rui Jonas and Wong Yong Min (PRP
Law LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 08 May 2023 (10:24 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

